THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I EVER WROTE A FANFIC SO IF IT SUCKS SORRY.
  I DO NOT OWN THESE CHARACTERS OR INTEND TO MAKE MONEY OR ANYTHING.
OF COURSE YOU KNOW THIS BUT IF YOU DON'T.
BEFORE YOU READ YOU MUST KNOW THAT WASHU IS A SCIENTIS AND IS IN A CHILD
BODY
BUT HAS THE ABILITY TO CHANGE INTO HER ADULT FORM. RYOKO DOESNT CARE MUCH
FOR
WASHU AS SHE SOULD.SASAMI IS AYEKA'S SISTER AND SHE ALWAYS IS COOKING FOR
ALL.TENCHI IS THE BOY WHO ALL THE GIRLS IN THE HOUSE LOVE,MAINLY RYOKO

                RYOKO'S WORLD
            PART 1:MOTHER-DAUGHTER
It was one perfect night. Ryoko sat silently looking at the stars. She
noticed that she had a visitor  approaching her, she turned to see her
mother
Washu.

Washu:little Ryoko
Ryoko:leave me alone
Washu:Ryoko dear could you please come to the lab. I want to talk to you.
You
don't have to if you don't want to.
Ryoko:I don't feel like talking,but I will think about it.
           Washu turned around and walked back in the`````` house. Sasami
came out side where ryoko sat.

Sasami:Ryoko time for dinner.
Ryoko:okay Sasami,right behind you.

            Ryoko stood up and walked in to the kitchen to the table. Washu
sat right across from her.

Washu:did you think about it?
Ryoko:still thinking

             Ryoko ate quickly and went to the living room to watch tv.
Washu
went to her lab,Ayeka and Sasami went up stairs to bed and Tenchi sat right
next to Ryoko watching television.

Tenchi:You and Washu having mother daughter problems?
Ryoko:Well Tenchi you know how is between me and her.
Tenchi:I know. What does she want you to think about?
Ryoko:she wants me to come to her lab to talk.
Tenchi:so what's the problem.
Ryoko:she probably doesn't want to talk,she probably wants to do a
experiment
on me.
Tenchi:you don't know that for sure. You should give her a chance.
Ryoko:maybe
Tenchi:well goodnight Ryoko
Ryoko:goodnight Tenchi.

        Ryoko stood up and went into Washu's lab.

Ryoko:Washu!Washu!(wonder where she is)

         She searched the lab every where. There was only one place to look
and that was Washu's room.
Ryoko opened the door very slowly.
           There she saw Washu laying on the bed crying like  the little kid
she acted like. Ryoko said to her self.

Ryoko:I wonder why she is crying, Washu never cries.

         Ryoko opened the door. Washu jumped and wiped her face.

Washu:Ryoko!
Ryoko:mabey I should come back another time.
Washu:no stay, please
Ryoko:ok

          Ryoko sat on the bed.

Ryoko:what did you want to talk to me about.
Washu:I wonted to ask you a question.
Ryoko:well what is it.
Washu:why ryoko?why do you avoid me?
Ryoko:avoid you?what are you talking about?
Washu:well your always shutting me out ,never giving me the chance to be you
mother.

         Ryoko was shocked. She had never seen Washu like this. So
emotional,so human.

Ryoko:well how do you expect  to become my full-time mother all of a
sudden?I'm not a kid. Heck,you are the one who tries to bully everyone into
treating you as a little child. I may not know all that much about family
life,but that's certainly not how a mother acts!


    Washu couldn't decide if she should laugh or cry. Was that really the
reason why her little Ryoko refused her? She tried to remember when and
why she'd started to assume this shape. 'I'd be happier as a child, never
ever growing up'. That had been an impulse back then. It had worked too. Too
well. Later, she'd stuck to it out of habit and because it fit her sense of
humor.
          Ryoko's birth (she liked to call it that) should have marked the
end of that much too long phase of her life, but it had resulted in
disaster.
This time, not she herself but the innocent newborn had gotten the worst of
it.
But this time, Washu had also gotten a second chance. She willed the change
and felt her body grow and expand, assuming its natural shape.
that was now so very unfamiliar to her.

Washu:Is that what you want? Why didn't you just say so? That-

               A sudden flare of great anger supplanted Ryoko's previous
curiosity at
her mother's strangely distant expression from before.


Ryoko:No ! You just want to take Tenchi away from me!!         .
                The second, and maybe the last chance. Still, it took all
the
determination Washu could find in her millenia  -old soul.

Washu:Ryoko, you are my daughter. The person I care most for in all the
universe. I will always love you, no matter what happens. I will try to
avert
pain from you wherever I can. Knowing how much Tenchi means to you, I'd
rather die than take him away from you.
    Ryoko's froze as she tried to grasp what had been offered to her. She
tried to name it, but she failed. She tried to get the chaotic tumble of
thoughts and emotions inside her mind under control, and failed again.When
finally a question surfaced, it was only a faint whisper.

Ryoko:You... mean that?

        Washu had anxiously watched Ryoko's face, trying not to let the
terrible fear over helm her that, the fear it had been a mistake to open her
heart
and make herself vulnerable, that Ryoko wouldn't accept her, that her
weakness would be laughed at and used against her. But when she heard the
question and the trembling voice in which it was
asked, betraying feelings so much like her own, Washu knew that her decision
had been right. Time for the next step.
          She looked into her daughter's eyes and opened the connection
completely,giving Ryoko an unveiled view of her self. It was at the same
time
much worse and much better than she had feared.
Ryoko's inexperienced mind ruthlessly explored her memories, spending
little time on any one and forcing Washu to face a lot of painful and
terrible parts of her life she'd thought she'd dealt with or even forgotten.
It was almost more than she could handle. But at the same time, Ryoko was
with her, reliving her mother's most
painful and most joyful memories, and Washu could in turn feel sympathy and
understanding like she never had before. She also felt her daughter's
almost desperate longing to comfort her, and that in itself was a great
comfort for Washu.




<A mind to cry on...> was the scientist's last coherent thought before
she totally lost control.

     When she finally became aware of her surroundings again, she was
clinging
to Ryoko and crying like a baby. Through the haze of tears, she noticed
that her daughter was also crying. Ryoko was the first to recover a while
later. There was so much she wanted to tell her mother, the person she now
all of a sudden knew so well. But
one thing was at the top of the list



Ryoko:I'm so sorry, mother. I didn't know...

       Washu pushed her back a bit, looked into her face and smiled warmly.

Washu:You couldn't know. And I am very sorry that I had to put you through
this. I should have found a better solution, but...

           Ryoko closed her eyes for a moment and shook her head.

Ryoko:No, I am glad that you did this. Glad that I now understand
you,mother.
Glad that we won't anymore have to run away and hide from each other.

     There was a little pause in which mother and daughter just looked at
each other. Washu was was the first to get a bit nervous.

Washu:Well, what now?Do we pay more attention to each other.
Ryoko:I guess if that's what you want.Hey I wonder what Tenchi is doing
right
now

         Ryoko heard Washu say some thing under her
breath that sounded like that Tenchi.

Ryoko:Washu, are you jealous?

        Her mother blushed slightly and quickly answered,

Washu:What do you think? Of course I'm          jealous Ryoko! You give me
hardly any attention at all,even actively avoid me, and he gets all he could
ever want and more,and he doesn't even appreciate it.

Ryoko:thats for sure!Don't worry. I love you too, Mama. And I'd like to be
Little Ryoko
 to you."

            Washu smiled
Washu:you really love tenchi don't you?
Ryoko:of course!your just know catching on to that?
Washu:well I figured but I thought he was just a play thing.
Ryoko:no hes not a play thing,not every one is like you.
Washu:what do you mean by that.
Ryoko:nothing
Washu:maybe tomorrow well work on getting tenchi to like you.
Ryoko:no thanks mom I'd like to win tenchi by getting to his heart and not
by
some thing my mom cooked up for me,but I would like you to help me stay in
line.
Washu:I guess I could do that
Ryoko:thanks,mother I have a question to ask.
Washu:proceed
 Ryoko:you werent crying because of me were you
Washu:well maybe but that doesn't matter anymore does it
Ryoko:I guess not,I'm really sorry for that
            Washu smiled
Washu:its okay we now under stand each other
Ryoko:yeah your right,look at the time we better get to bed
Washu:ok
As Ryoko went towards the lab's exit, Washu suddenly remembered something.

Washu:Um,Little Ryoko, is it really okay with you if I stay this way?

              Ryoko regarded the person before her, who now also looked much
more
like a mother. She considered the question for a second, then grinned.

Ryoko:Sure. In fact, I really want to see Tenchi's reaction!
             Washu laughed
 Washu:He's cute when he squirms, isn't he?"

Ryoko:He sure is!
   was Ryoko's answer as she closed the lab door behind her.

TO BE CONTINUED.......

              NEXT:PART2 TENCHI'S MINE!
BY LADORA,
FATAYSIA@AOL.COM
