Ryoko's Son
By: Kanji_D@hotmail.com
Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi People. I do own Kanji, 
Nashashi, and Ashira. So if you feel like your on a rampage to sue don't 
read this.

Chapter 2
The Universe Unfolds

	Kanji's eyes opened, he felt an immense force driving through his 
side. His skin stuck to a cold metal surface. And he felt leather wraped 
tightly around his legs and arms. His eyes focused on a green beam 
forming an arch, there were three on the table. Upper, lower, and middle 
body. Washu appeared beside him, she checked his pulse and unstrapped 
the straps.

	"You've waken, good..." She said going over to his legs and 
unstrapping those straps.

	Kanji blinked and winced, a heavy drowziness overcame him. "How 
long have I been asleep?"

	Washu looked up from the moniter, the beams above Kanji shut off. 
"Three days. Your lucky that you didn't die.  Although I don''t know 
what drove Nashashi to run away like that."

	Kanji got off the bed, wincing as he went. He grabbed his shirt 
from Washus grasp and pulled it over his head. One question boiled at 
the top of his mind. "Are we going back to earth?"

	Washu stared with a blank expression. She went over to Kanji and 
hugged him. "What do you think? Would I deny the chance for my grandson 
to see his mother again?"

	"What, how do you know she's alive?" Kanji asked with a quizzical 
look.

	"See that sword over there. Thats Tenchi's. As long as those gems 
don't dissapear, we're no dead. See, one gem represents a soul that is 
alive in our family line. There are four gems there. Your mother is 
alive." Washu explained.

	In the back of his mind Kanji wondered who the fourth gem belonged 
to. He was silent. He had nothing more to ask. Washu stopped at the 
door.

	"When your ready come to the living room."

	Washu dissapeard behind the soft hiss of the sliding door. Kanji 
walked over to the Jurain sword in it's casing. He lifted it out and 
touched one of the gems. An image of Washu in the living room floated 
aross his mind. He touched another to see himself, looking at the sword.

	"This sword... Acts as a homing becon. Maybe I can find my mom." 
Kanji said touching another gem. Ryoko entered his mind. She was running 
through a forest side by side with a cloaked figure, a beam chased her 
and the figure. Kanji let go of the gem, he touched the last.

*	*	*

	In a dark crevice of the planet Jurai, outside of all 
civilisation. Lies a forgotton tower by a river. It is covered in vines 
and around it are rotting leaves. When you enter the tower it turns into 
another diminsion in the depths of darkness. One solid surface floats on 
it's own free will. In the middel of the diomand surface sits a ruby 
throne that grows from the diomand. Souls of the dead hang off the horns 
of the throne. 

	A man enters the diminsion and lands beside the throne. He looks 
around and leans on a wall that appears at his whim. The wall casts a 
light over him to show the gnarled body of Nashashi, his black jumpsuit 
singed and ripped. Cuts outline the ripped part. No blood comes, the 
wounds seemed to be healed.

	"Guess their not back." Nasashi said running his fingers through 
his blue hair. "Who the hell was that guy?"

	A diomand wave washes over Nashashi mending his cloths and cuts. 
Nashashi is not scared, he has lived on this platform for as far back as 
he can renember. Another figure lands on the surface. Another black 
jumpsuited man with green hair and blue eyes. He carries a cigar in his 
hand, and a gun in the other.

	"Hey Damien." Nasashi says leaping off the wall.

	"Hey Nashashi." Damien throws his cigar away to fall until 
eternity. That is what happens to those who miss the platform.

	Another figure entered the diminsion, a cloaked figure. It landed 
in the throne, not revilimg it's face. It had no gender in it's voice. 
Only emptiness. "Come boys. We must prepare the sacrifice."

*	*	*

	Kanji walked into the living room. Two couches sat oppisite of 
eachother, a cofee table in the middle. Mihoshi was sleeping on one 
couch and Washu was on another with Ayeka. They were chatting in a 
hushed tone. In the corner Tenchi sat at the desk writing. Azaka stood 
by the doorway leading to the cockpit, and Kamadake stood by the hall 
way entrence. Washu did not notice Kanji come in. 

	Kanji teleported and landed on the couch oppisite of Washu. 
Mihoshi was curled in a ball sucking her thumb. She wore her galaxy 
police uniform. 

	"You know, Maybe we should get Mihoshi a bottle and pacifier for 
her birthday. She always seems to have babyish qualities." Kanji said 
looking from the infitile form Mihoshi was in to Ayeka and Washu.

	Washu looked up and rubbed her chin. "You know that might not be 
half bad." She looked at Ayeka and giggled. She then got up and went 
into her room.

	Ayeka stared at Kanji for a little bit. "Maybe we should get you a 
bottle and a pacifier too." She sneered.

	"And maybe we should get your voice ripped out. It would do us all 
some good." Kanji retorted. He got up and wen't into the cockpit. 

	Kiyone sat typing coridinates, she had her galaxy police uniform 
also. Kanji sat in the co-pilot seat and looked at her. She looked over 
and smiled.

	"Hey kid." She said.

	 "Hey Kiyone. I want to learn how to fly." Kanji said looking at 
her.

	She stared for afew seconds and smiled. She got up and motioned 
Kanji to sit in the seat. "Ok kid. Show me what you know."

	Kanji jumped into the cockpit and grabbed the handle. 

	"Ok get us through that dust storm."

	Kanji emerged into the cloud of dust and entered a world within 
the universe. The surrounding dust had become a forest of dust. There 
was a sky, a ground, and trees of dust. Lightning struck from every 
tree. Kanji cascaded around the bolts, through the trees, and emerged 
above the storm unscathed.

	"I don't know what you want to learn. Every move was perfect. Your 
just like your mother."

	"Thanks." Was his simple answer.

	The dinner bell rang and the two entered the kitchen a buffet of 
succulent dishes lay before him. Jinohki was on Sasami's shoulder. When 
Jinohki saw him enter she purred with affection. They all sat down and 
ate. After fifteen years of her cooking. This dish was especilly great. 
Everyone talked about the things he had missed. But somthing still 
puzzled Kanji.

	"Who was the shadow?" He blurted out suddenly.

	Washu blinked. "What shadow? After you fell to the ground Nashashi 
left."

	Tenchi looked at Washu. "There was that flash. What did you see 
Kanji."

	"I saw fire surround me. Nashashi dissapeared at the sight of a 
shadow. It loomed over me and then... I woke up on the ship." Kanji 
explained.

	The table grew silent, everyone laid their eyes on Kanji. Mihoshi 
broke the silence. "How could you know that? How could you renember? 
That was..."

	"Shut up Mihoshi!" Kiyone yelled.

	"What? Who was it?" Kanji asked.

	"Your mother. Was the one in that fire. Before you were born. 
Tenchi saved her." Washu explained. "You have a telepathic link with 
her, me, and Jinohki. Thats why you saw that."

	Everyone fell silent again. No one spoke for the rest of the 
evening. Kanji was tired he entered the room and immidietly fell asleeep 
on his mattress. No dream came over him only darkness. Kanji emmerged 
into his dark surroundings, his staff lit, no one by his side. His staff 
looked like Ryoko's sword. It had two blades on either side. And a core 
in the middle. At his whim Kanji could make a sword, dagger, even two 
swords.

	Kanji turned threehundred and sixty degrees in the air. Nothing 
was around him, only darkness. A white speck below him caught his 
attention. Kanji flew towards it, the speck grew bigger and bigger 
still. Until it became a diomand platform. A ruby throne lie in the 
middle. Kanji landed infront of the platform. 

	Nobody was there, but a single cigar caught Kanji's attention. It 
was lit and fresh. Kanji picked it up only to see it fade away. 
Everything faded away and the room Kanji was sleeping in appeared. He 
looked at the clock on his bedside table. 8:00 A.M. Kanji slid out of 
bed and went to the closet. He took out his regular green shirt with a 
black stripe down the front out, and a pair of black jeans. He also got 
a red sash out.

	Kanji walked into the kitchen, Sasami was cooking a big breakfast. 
Kanji frowned, he had decided that morning to train in Washu's room. 
Kanji cleared his throat.

	"No breakfast for me thanks. I have to train." Kanji  said 
grabbing a flask of oarnge juice. He saw Jinohki crawl up behind him 
yawning. "Here is a carrot Jinohki."

	Jinohki jumped up and grabbed the carrot, it ran into a corner of 
the kitchen to eat. Kanji walked out of the kitchen into Washu's room. 
She was at her computer typing information on space fluxuation up. She 
heard the door slam and turned around.

	"Oh, Hey Kanji. What can I do you for?" Washu asked making the 
holoboard dissapear behind her.

	"I came here to train, I need to." 

	"Well ok. Follow me." Washu got up and walked deep into the lab. 
They entered a clearing in the silicon forest. A huge room lie on the 
wall. Inside it was crystalized and was dimly lit. "Go in."

	Kanji walked into the room, the door behind him slid shut casting 
a darkness around him. The room lit up again, this time it was a jungle. 
A raging river behind him. Trees to his right and left. The sounds of 
exotic animals filled the air. Kanji lit his sword. Infront of him were 
5 robots and a man with a gun behind them. The man was smoking a cigar 
and had a black jumpsuit on, he had green hair, and baby blue eyes.

	The robots lunged surrounding Kanji. Kanji darted foward and cut 
off one of the robot's head. He back flipped as the other four shot at 
him. They hit the corpse of the robot causing it to explode. The 
explosion hit the robot closest to it into a tree. Kanji landed behind 
the farthest robot and stuck his staff into it's back.  He pulled it out 
and spun around to slice the last two in half. The three robots fell to 
the ground and fizzeled. Kanji stood in battle stance at the man with 
the gun.

	The man held up his gun and shot the ground, a cloud of dust 
surrounded Kanji. He disignited his staff and charged for a blast. The 
man darted into the cloud of dust and tried to punch Kanji. Kanji 
teleported behind him and kicked his back. The man flew out of the 
cloud, Kanji floated after him. The man rolled down the path onto the 
bank of the river. He got up and brushed the dirt away. Kanji shot him 
with his charged energy. The man fell into the river in a giant splash. 
He got up again, his gun and cigar lost in the tide. His stomach 
bleeding. 

	Kanji had no idea why, but he wanted to kill, to rip out the mans 
heart and hold it in his face. Whithout control Kanji lit his staff and 
flew towards the man. In three milliseconds. The man was hanging on his 
sword. In a mass of blood he died silently.

	The room faded away again into darkness. The door opened and Kanji 
walked out. Washu smirked. She had seen the whole thing. And much more. 
Her device could telk what he was thinking, where and when he was born. 
What he ate for breakfast (She was a little mad that he hadn't eaten 
anything.) And she had read it all.

	"Good job Kanji. Your savage." Washu said forcing a smile. She had 
confirmed that Kanji was in the bank and had killed those guards.

	"Thanks Grandma." Kanji hugged her and left the lab. The alarm 
suddenly came on. Kanji teleported into the cockpit. 

	Tenchi was there also, Washu had just come. Kiyone and Mihoshi 
were typing furiously. A space station had entered there path. It looked 
antient. It had a field of dust around it. Windows were broken and the 
metal was rusted. A whole section of it was missing. It had a 
cylindrical cone pointed at each end, the cone lead off into 3 rings 
that served as residental areas. One ring was half gone.

	"It's space station 3-99A-1-COLUMBAS." Kiyone said, pulling into a 
docking bay. "It supposedly dissapeared three years ago."

	The ship hooked into an emergancy hatch. Kanji, Tench, Washu, and 
Kiyone volentered to go in. Kanji wen't to put on his space suit. It was 
like the others silver material with buttons on the glove that had a 
recorder, and heat control. His face was covered with a black helment 
with a tinted face mask. The sleeves of the suit were covered with 
securing strapps.

*	*	*

	Kanji, Washu, Kiyone,  and Tenchi walked into the empty hallway. 
Every light was off. They looked at eachother, nodded and walked down 
the hall. The halls were damp with a ceartain pressence floating about. 
Kanji looked around suddenly, He thought he saw some eyes floating 
around their pressence. If there was anything on the ship it would 
probably be a mutant, there was no air.

	They walked for a while until they came to an elevator shaft. It 
went to the cyllindrical core of the ship. Kiyone had said it was a 
research facility. Kanji spoke into his wrist microphone.

	"Hey guys, you think we should search the core of this dump." 
Kanji asked.

	"Hmmm. It is highly possible that they left a distress signal."  
Washu answered.

	"Well then, I say we find out what happened to this ship." Kiyone 
said shooting the door with a rifle she was carring. The hatch blew 
open, reveling a long tunnle, Kanji floated through first. The trip was 
long without the elevator at their aid. They finally reached the end of 
the tunnle. The elevator blocked the door, with the help of Kanji's 
staff and Tenchi's sword they broke through it. 

	Their was no gravity in the clyinder. Equipment floated freely 
around, at the other end of the cylinder was a giant screen, it was the 
only thing that worked in the ship. Washu floated over and pressed the 
button that would play the message. She kicked back to the group to see 
it.

	The green haired man appeared on the screen. Kanji's eyes widened. 
He was carring what looked like a child form of Nashashi. They were 
indeed in distress. In the background people flew around bleeding, red 
lights flashed all over the place. And a violent shaking filled the 
ship.

	"This is commander and chief, Damien of space station Columbas. 3 
months ago we tested on a human subject, randomly chosen by the first 
King of Jurai. He picked a girl by the name of Ashira. She was provided 
by proffessor Washu. Ashira has broken from her bonds, and now has hold 
of immense powers. Greater than Ryoko herself. The ship is going to 
destroy itself in one minuete. The youngest child and I are the only 
survivors, we will conjragate at...." The message faded away. Everyone 
looked at Washu. 

	"Guys, I have some explaining to do." Washu said.

	"Not by me." Said a familier voice. 

	The four turned around to see Nashashi and Damien. They were not 
wearing space suits. They were in their regular black jumpsuits. Damien 
threw his cigar and held up his gun. The cigar floated away slowly into 
darkness. 

	"Ashira saved us. And made us powerful. And we will be the last in 
the universe." Damien said smirking.

	Kanji and Tenchi floated infront of the girls. They had to fight, 
that was the only way they'd get out of this battle. Kanji lit his staff 
as Tenchi lit his sword. Nashashi lit his sword also. 

	"So it's down to the battle in our home." Nashashi said darting at 
Kanji.

	Tenchi sliced Damiens gun in half, he flew around Damien and 
slashed his back. Damien turned around and kicked Tenchi into the wall. 
Tenchi found the lit cigar and grabbed it. HE pushed off the wall and 
smashed the cigar into Damien's eye. Damien reared back.

	Kanji blocked the slice from Nashashi. He spun around the bounty 
hunter and slashed his arm. Nashashi did a one eighty slash but hit thin 
air. Kanji flew over Nashashi and kicked him down hard. Nashashi flew 
down to the floor and hit hard. Nashashi bounced from object to object, 
going at immense speed. He slammed his head into Kanjis stomach and 
slashed his arm. Kanji teleported away from Nashashi before the sword 
hit him. One rip in the suit meant instant death.

	Tenchi pushed off an old computer and hit Damien in the face with 
his sword. Blood lined Damiens right cheek, he smirked and darted 
towards Tenchi. Tenchi flew away from the hulking form of Damien. Tenchi 
slashed Damien again in the chest, this was all he could take, he fell 
into unconsiousness.

	Kanji kicked Nashashi into a pointed instrument. His body went 
through it, in a mass of blood. Kanji motioned everyone to follow him to 
the roof. He summoned Jinohki to the roof. The cabbit crashed through 
the roof, and the four went into the ship and left as fast as they 
could.

*	*	*

	Washu sat at kitchen the table with her back to the wall. Kanji 
sat oppisite of her. Everybody else stood around waiting for some 
explination from Washu about the ship. She finally stood up and cleared 
her throat.

	"That message was made after me being frozen on Kagoto's ship. But 
I had made Ryoko before that, before I was enslaved. I made another like 
Ryoko, this one had no power. She was a normal child. I was not up for 
studying her so I sent her off to this ship. To my disbelief they found 
a power greater than Ryoko's in her. I was going to study on that ship 
so I could see my other daughter, but Kagato caught me. Thats all I 
know." Washu explained. "Her name was... Ashira."

	Everybody gasped, they had connected Ashira with the destruction 
of the ship. But no one could find anything on Ashira, except Washu, she 
had one picture of her. Washu typed up afew things on her holoboard. A 
picture generated of a small girl with a blue dress. She had red hair, 
and baby blue eyes. She looked at each person. A voice in the background 
sounded.

	"Name, Ashira, Height, 2'3, Weight, 20lbs, Hair Color, Red, Eye 
Color, Blue, Powers, none. Age, 3." The computer said. The picture faded 
away in a flash.

	"That was my aunt." Kanji said silently.

	Tenchi looked at Washu. "So we must kill Ashira."

	"It might be immpossible, She is more powerful than Ryoko.  
Probably even Tsunami." Ayeka said eying Sasami a little. "Probably even 
all of us."

	Mihoshi shuttered at that thought. Anything more powerful than 
this group combined was a god in disguise. Kiyone looked from her to 
Washu.

	"It is very important to find Ryoko now. Kanji's instincts were 
right on the money." Kiyone said. "Kanji, must find her. Kanji you have 
a link with her, is there any way you can find her?"

	"Yes, Tenchi, give me the sword." Kanji said holding out his hand.

	Tenchi put the sword in Kanji's hand. Kanji put it on the table 
with the gems facing his body. He put his finger on Ryoko's gem. A pale 
white glow emmerged from Kanji. Immiges of his mother floated through 
his head it took him afew minuetes but he finally took his finger off. 
He shook his head a bit and faced Kiyone.

	"She's on Jurai." Kanji said.

	"Then we go to Jurai." Sasami said smiling.

	Kiyone dissapeared with Mihoshi into the cockpit. Washu wen't to 
her lab with Ayeka. Tenchi took the sword to his room, and Sasami went 
to the kitchen. Kanji went into the hall way to watch the stars. It was 
particulary cold for space. Galaxies unfolded outside. Kanji could see a 
small green planet with blue land massess. It had no atmospere. But it 
was gaurded by an outer sphere of asteroids. Kanji stood there for the 
rest of the day reflecting on his past.

*	*	*

	Ryoko sat her back on one of the many trees in the forest of 
Jurai. She was wearing her traditional red and black leather battle 
suit. Nagi sat at an oppisite tree. The two had stopped fighting due to 
a woman named Ashira. She was in hot pursuit of Ryoko for some strange 
reason. Nagi didn't want to lose Ryoko to some other wannabe bounty 
hunter, so she decided to help Ryoko. The two were hiding on Jurai for 
the time being.

	"So Ryoko. Who was the childs father?" Nagi asked for the first 
time in their history. Kenohki lay down beside her master. Nagi patted 
the cabbit's head.

	"Kanji's father I suppose was Tenchi. Although we never actually 
wen't that far. Kanji was made from everyone except Grandpa and 
Nobyuki." Ryoko explained pouring tea into her cup.

	"Oh, ok." Nagi said.

	Ryoko smirked, she got up and punched a tree down. She felt she 
needed to get some frustration out. "Wanna fight. We're not being chased 
now. And if you win you can take my bounty."

	Nagi got up. "Fine, Ryoko I will not take your bounty though, not 
until this mess is over." Nagi threw her cape back to reveal her sword.

	Ryoko lit her sword. The two stared eachother down. The only sound 
that filled the forest was the buzzing of the swords. Nagi lunged and 
slashed at Ryoko, Ryoko blocked and perried around Nagi and slashed her 
back. She also launched an energy blast. NAgi fell on her hands and 
knees. She got up and wiped her lip of blood. She sent a bolt oaf energy 
into Ryoko's face. She slashed Ryoko three times in variouse places. 
Ryoko got up and punched Nagi. Nagi kneed Ryoko in the stomach.

	Ryoko flipped back and disingaged her sword. NAgi made a whip out 
of hers. She sent the whip hurtiling towards Ryoko. Ryoko teleported 
making a tree get knocked over. NAgi sent crack after crack of her whip 
only to be narowly evaded by Ryoko. Ryoko teleported above Nagi and shot 
a beam of energy at. A cloud of smoke surrounded Nagi from view. From 
the puff of smoke Nagi emmerged and kicked Ryoko into a tree. Ryoko got 
up, her muscles tense. She smirked and lit her sword again, with a jolt 
she had slashed Nagi's side for the K.O. They both floated back to the 
ground, and smirked.

	"Good fight." Nagi said gruffly lying down watching the stars 
appear.

	Ryoko didn't answer, instead she weant into the branches to watch 
for intruders. It was her night tonight.

To Be Continued
By your friend, Chibi Kanji. 

Time now for Kanji's corner.

Title: Stage Life (This story is true, even if it is made up)
Kanji: My friends, lookout! (beats his bongos) This world is small, but 
the people are big! We inhabit to...
Man in center of audience: GET OFF THE STAGE YOU HIPPIE!
Kanji: I am not a hippie! I am a dreamer, a visionary, a person to drag 
you lowlifes through the future!
Women on far right table: LOW LIFES! HOW DARE YOU! (Throws cofee cup at 
Kanji)
Whole Audiance: (Throws assorted items at Kanji)
Kanji: Wow! Ahhh! No! Missed me! Nya nya! Whoa! (Dodges assorted items.)
Kid in back: Take this! (Throws Piano)
Kanji: (Gets hit by piano) Owchie! Mommy I would like a banana with a 
ughhh... (passes out)
Stage hand: (Drags Kanji away by shirt coller.)
Janitor: (Comes on stage with mop.)
Audiance: YAAAAY! What a show!
Janitor: (Takes a bow. And mops up mess.)
Kanji: (Jumps back on stage with bandages around assorted parts of 
body.)
Audiance: (Leaves in disgust.)

Thats the conclusion of Kanji's corner, come back next time when Kanji 
attempts to drink the worlds largest bevrage.

