   Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and all it's various universes and subsequent 
characters are the sole property of AIC and Pioneer. This story is intended for 
entertainment purposes only and not intended to be any type of copyright 
infringement, so please don't sue me. If you did, you wouldn't get much.. some 
debts and a lot of tempura batter mostly. Maybe a couple of disabled cats and a 
one eyed dog, but I'd fight you for those.    

 This is a 'what if' story, that begins at the end of Tenchi Universe, and 
includes the last scene of the last episode. This is only part one and more of a 
teaser than anything else. 
                                                               
   Ryoko's Child (part 1)

 	  Sleep came in fits and starts for Tenchi lately,  and when it did come, 
he always had the most vivid dreams. Sometimes he dreamed that Ryoko was there, 
and everything was as before, a never-ending carnival.  And sometimes, she was 
only just behind his vision, barely out of sight, quietly waiting to pounce on 
him, speaking his name in a whisper and calling him hers. "My Tenchi," she'd say 
and he'd sigh in resignation, knowing that no matter what he did or where he 
went she would always be there. In those dreams she never did pounce though, in 
fact he didn't even see her. He knew she was there, he could feel her, and that 
alone was somehow comforting.
   Now however there was no incessant chatter from Mihoshi, or boasting from 
Miss Washu. No pouncing either. No fighting, no screaming. No pulling him back 
and forth as if he were some sort of favorite toy that Ayeka and Ryoko had laid 
claim to. No unprovoked battles that nearly destroyed the house or apartment or 
any other place that they happened to be in at the time.
   He missed them, he missed them all, even Mihoshi, and Washu with her damn 
faulty inventions always malfunctioning and causing all manner of side effects. 
He sometimes wondered if the universe could survive too many more of her 
"Masterpieces". Yes, he missed them, Ryoko and Ayeka most of all, even though he 
would never admit as much, not even to himself.  He missed Ayeka's quiet way of 
reminding everyone that it never hurts to be polite, even when she herself could 
use a few lessons in manners at times. Especially where Ryoko was concerned.
  	 His eyes heavy from little sleep, Tenchi turned his thoughts to Ryoko. 
Where was she? Why had it been so long? He had a heavy heart whenever he thought 
too long about their last meeting. He feared that she didn't intend to 
return...ever. What if by refusing to leave with her, he had sent the message 
that he had chosen Ayeka over her? He hadn't. He hadn't consciously chosen 
anyone, even though he had realized a long time ago that he would never fit in 
on Jurai. 
  Any chance at a future that he and Ayeka might have had had been removed when 
he saw her there, saw her as 'The Princess'. She was right; she had been raised 
for it. It was in her blood, she was first princess of Jurai, and he would never 
have any place there. He wasn't cut out to be an Emperor; he was only a mere 
schoolboy.  
   He shivered in his bed, and pulled the blanket up farther. It was early 
spring now but the nights were still very cold to him. His eyes had just 
fluttered closed when suddenly he noticed bright sunlight streaming in his 
window.
     <What? > He thought to himself as he sat up and checked the clock.  
Realizing that he had overslept, he shook his head and began to slowly get 
dressed. 
                                 ******* 
    The sun shone brightly on fresh falling cherry blossoms as Tenchi, lost in 
thought, made his way to school. He was remembering Ryoko's words just before 
everything began to change, 'We are having fun aren't we? Every day here is like 
a dream', when suddenly he saw Ryo-ohki sitting in front of him. 
    He shook his head sadly when he realized that it was only a cat. <But I was 
sure..  there for a minute. > He thought as the cat yawned and scampered away. 
He walked a while longer and thought he saw Ryoko too, but it was merely another 
illusion.  
    He sighed and walked on...
    Click click.
     <Wha..? > Tenchi looked up to see Ryoko, standing on a rock not four feet 
away from him. He couldn't speak, or move for that matter, his heart caught in 
his throat. <Ryoko> his mind insisted <She's really here! > Before he could sort 
out his thoughts and feelings well enough to speak, she jumped up and into his 
arms, shouting his name. He held her close as the voice he had so longed to 
hear, spoke to him once again. 
    "I told you I was a space pirate and a powerful one and I have come to steal 
you away.." He listened as she explained that she believed they all would return 
and she would fight Ayeka in a fair fight to win his love. She leaned in close 
to him and he thought for a moment she was going to kiss him.
    "I'll tell you something, my Tenchi. You know the carnival comes and goes, 
but if you wait for awhile it always comes back to you" Ryoko whispered into his 
ear. She was right wasn't she? They would come back, he was certain of it. 
Somehow he just knew..  they were all coming back. 
    "I guess you're right, Ryoko. I guess you're right." He replied as they 
walked arm in arm down the path with Ryo-ohki following close behind. The sun 
was warm and the cherry blossoms smelled sweet and inviting... "Tenchi?" 
    His mind registered the voice but only on the surface. His world began to 
assume the muted colors of a faded photograph.
   <No! Please! > was his last thought as he came awake, his father gently 
shaking him. Tenchi blinked, not quite fully awake. 
    <A dream? It was only a dream? > He thought, and his eyes filled with tears. 
                                                     
To be continued...
