Name: Mihoshi or/and Stephanie
E-mail: Ryoko&Washuu@Mad.Scientist.com
Title: Ryoko's fire
Division: Reg
Summery: An enemy from Ryoko's past returns to haunt her; but can she drive
the ghost away?

Ryoko's fire.

It was another calm and normal day -- BOOM!!!! “Take that!”
“Die Aeka!”
“Girls stop!”
(Both)  “Grr...”
“Never mind.”- Well, as normal as the Masaki residents is going
to get.
“Lord Tenchi...” Aeka started.
“Tenchi,” Ryoko but in.  “She started all of this....”
“That is a lie!” Screamed Aeka. “It was you! Ryoko!” “How dare
you! Tell her
Tenchi, tell her!” Pleaded Ryoko. Propping her body against his,
she started
to loop her little finger in circles on his chest.
“Agh! Would you stop that?!” Moaned Tenchi.
Screaming, Aeka ripped Ryoko of Tenchi. “Hey you! That is quite
enough!”
“What's the matter princess?” Mocked Ryoko. Fuming, Aeka gave
Ryoko one more
look and stomped from the room. Grinning Ryoko Watched the door
slam after
Aeka. Laughing she turned back to Tenchi, who was staring in a
rather
annoyed fashion at her.
“You really should be nicer to Aeka.”
“Tenchi! How?! How could you possibly be on her side?!!” Then in
a slightly
better mood, she grinned.
“Really Tenchi, how could you side with her, when we
are in *love*?!” With that she flew towards him. Looping her
arms around his
neck she circled around him until she was facing him, giving him
a hug
smothering him until he screamed: “Agh! Stop that!” Pushing away
he stormed
out like Aeka. Laughing, Ryoko fell on her bed.
(Apparently that's were the fight was.) Were, Ryo-ohki joined
her. Ryoko
smiled down at her pet and began to
pet her. Still petting Ryo-ohki, she looked around her room.
Right in front
of her was an array of two cabinets
Slightly apart, (That she never really used.) under them was a
desk. (She
never used it either.) Slightly above the desk and in-between
the cabinets
was what really caught her eye, it was her picture. Their
picture. It was a
large picture, (well actually there were 4, it was four
different pictures
that she had never bothered to cut apart.) the pictures were of
herself and
Tenchi, on their first date.    (If it can be called a date.)
She smiled at
the memory. And an even bigger smile as she remembered
how it had saved her life. (The picture that is.) She gave a
sigh. < Maybe,
I should be a bit easier on them. > Thought Ryoko smiling, yet
again, at the
thought of all the adventures they had gone through together...
of course
then she thought of Aeka, and the time she tried to convince
Tenchi *not* to
save her. Or the time she had assisted Kiyone in arresting her.
She thought
of these things and was quickly in her old mind frame.
< Just maybe. >  Reaching into a basket she pulled a carrot from
it and gave
it to her whining cabbit.
(Ryo-ohki.) She watched Reo-ohki devour her carrot and was still
deep in
thought when Sasami came in.
So deep in thought, in fact, that she did not even hear the door
open.
“Ryoko, it's time for dinner.”
“Great! I'm starved!” Materializing through the wall she headed
to the
kitchen. Sasami followed, and Ryo-ohki
(Having finished her carrot.) Scampered after them. Aeka, still
fuming and
always first at the table, (next to Washu and Sasami.) when she
was mad. Was
sitting in her normal place still pouting, Ryoko had a silent
chuckle about
that.
<Man what a sore loser! > She thought.  “Hey, what's the matter,
princess?”
Aeka gave her a look, half anger half suprise, then turned away
with a hump.
“Well, princess, are you going to eat your food or are you going
to just
stare at it just to spite me?” Aeka gave her another look and
opened her
mouth to reply, when Sasami intervened.
“She's right Aeka. Really, you best not ruin the rest of your
day. Besides,
you know how much I hate it when the food gets cold!” Aeka just
stared at
Sasami, as if not sure how to react to her sudden and
uncharacteristic
outburst. Not only was it unlike Sasami but the outburst had
come on
*Ryoko's* side! If she was going to speak up why couldn't it be
for *her*?
<She is my own sister after all. And now I look like a total
fool! > Sighing
she picked up her bowl of rice and presumed her tiny bites.
<Oh, that women! How I hate her! I don't see how lord Tenchi can
stand her!
I'd do anything just to take care of her once and for all. Teach
her some
good decorum. Yes, that's what she needs! > Aeka smiled at the
thought. <Oh,
yes. >
<Anything? >
A strange voice said. (In her head not out loud.) Alarmed Aeka
dropped her
bowl. It fell with a clatter, causing everyone to stare.
“Um... Aeka....” Tenchi started.
“Are you alright?” Finished Sasami. Aeka, realizing what a fool
she looked
like, quickly replied. “Oh! Um, yes. I must have dropped it.”
“Humph! Must of.” Said Ryoko Tartly.
“Ryoko!”
“Yes my love?”
“Agh! Stop calling me that!” Aeka screamed, and as if not even
hearing
Tenchi, shouted out.
“Hey you! Stop! How dare you speak to lord Tenchi like that!?”
Laughing,
Ryoko flew right up near Aeka. Until she could touch her nose
with Aeka's.
“Ya' know what I think?” Asked Ryoko with a low and some-what
evil tone. “I
think you are jealous.”
“Jealous!? Jealous!? Jealous of monster women like you!?”
Exploded Aeka.
“Better watch your mouth little girl.” Said Ryoko, Maintaining
her low and
sinister voice. “Your playing with big game now, princess. Yes,
you are
Jealous. Jealous because Tenchi and I are in Love.”
Aeka let out a gasp and was going to say something, but Ryoko
cut her off.
(Still talking in an evil manner, but not quite as low.) " You,
you can't
say that. My spoiled little princess friend."
"How dare you?!" Hissed Aeka. Nobody seemed to notice Tenchi,
Who in his own
meek little way was Desperately trying to stop what he could
see, was going
to become another all out battle. (Just like the one that had
started all of
this.)
"Ladies please, let's just eat our food and, well,
not FIGHT!!!!!" They ignored him. (As usual.)
"Well Ryoko, I think it's about time that somebody taught you a
thing or two
about manners." While she said this her small electrifying logs
appeared
from where-ever they come from and started to surround Ryoko.
"Well, let's just see if you can do that." Ryoko started to
power up and
Aeka's logs started to electrify.
"Hey, come on girls!"
They both turned their evil and battle intent eyes on him, and
he quickly
reclined.
"I think you have harassed lord Tenchi and my-self for quite
long enough."
Aeka grinned evilly.
"And I think I'll be making this universe a better place to live
by killing
you!" Then Ryoko grinned, putting Aeka's grin to shame.
"Prepare to die!"
"Ha! You wish!"
"Hey! Cut it out!" Screamed Sasami, jumping up from her seat.
"Stop! You'll
destroy the kitchen!" But even Sasami's cry went unheard as the
girls began
to battle.
BOOM!! "There goes the sitting room." (ALL)   -Sigh-
Before they could destroy anything else, it was surprisingly
Washu who
intervened. Aeka had somehow dodged a ray-blast from Ryoko and
it was, of
course, heading towards the eating table. Quicker than one would
expect,
Washu materialized her
Laptop and typed in blinding speed. Then, suddenly, 3 force
fields appeared.
One restrained Aeka, One got Ryoko, and the last grabbed the
blast heading
for their table. There was a large cheering for Washu, (Who just
nodded her
head in acknowledgment to her genius.) and a few un-repeatable
words from
Ryoko.
"Well we certainly can't have you ruining are dinner now can
we?"
"@#%! * You Washu!"
"Now, now, little Ryoko that's no way to speak to your mother."
"Well mom," This word was said with much sarcasm. “Why don't you
just
materialize that little lap-top, and let me the@!%#* OUT OF
HERE!!!!!"
“Really Miss Washu, this is definitely not the most pleasant
experience I've
ever had. And Ryoko is not any one I want to spend any time
with. Even at
this distance!”
“Yea, well the same to you, you  !#*?'@!”
"Now, now girls. There is no need to fight." Said Yosho in his
calm and
usual way.
"Ya! After dinner I might just let you down." Laughed Washu.
"You mean your just going to leave as here all night!?" Gasped a
horrified
Aeka.
"Hey, a said I'd let you out after supper. In the meantime you
will just
stay there. Were, you have no chance to destroy it!" (The dinner
that is.)
"I'm warning you Washu." Growled Ryoko.  Washu looked up
unconcerned.
"Little girl, you'd better behave. I may not be so easy on you
if you
don't."
Ryoko let out an exasperated  "Ugh!"
While Aeka laughed her @#!@ of.
"Shut-up Aeka!"
"You'd better becareful, Little Ryoko", Or your mommy might just
wash your
mouth out with SOAP!" Aeka was barely able to finish the last
word. Her
laughter was too hard. It was also suddenly joined by some one
else. Aeka
looked around, but found that no one else was laughing. Ryoko
sat in her
prison pouting, and the others were staring at her. (Except for
Washu. She
was eating.)
Then Aeka realized that the madding sound was
coming from her head. She fell to her knees clutching
her head. Then, bringing her hands from her head, she stared at
them.
<What's wrong with me? > Then she realized that she was not the
only one
staring. The whole room had their eyes on her. "Eh..heh..heh.
Oh, um, yes."
She quickly stood up, trying too late to save her dignity.
"There is something wrong with you!" Exclaimed Sasami. She came
running up
to the force field that restrained her sister.
"No Sasami. I'm fine."
"No you’re not!"
"Sasami, you should go and eat. There's no reason that both of
us should
miss dinner. Go now. I'm fine."
"Really?"
"Really."
"Well.... Okay. I don't agree at all. You’re as stubborn as
Ryoko."
"SASAMI!"
"Just kidding."
"Hmpf! You'd better be."
"You know, I heard that Aeka!" Marked Ryoko bitterly. "In fact,
I've been
here the whole time! I've heard ALL of this. And I've got to
admit it's not
very flattering."
"Flattering?" Sasami asked.
"Yea! I'm not very flattered."
"Well, no one said you had to be." Said Aeka even more bitterly.
"Girls, may I make a suggestion?" Asked Tenchi they both (for
once.) turned
and paid attention to him. "It seems to me that the reason your
in this
predicament is because of your fighting." They was a brief
moment of
silence. Then the girls went back to their bickering.
Every-one shared a sigh.

Sasami was cleaning the table as Ryoko and Aeka looked on
hungrily as there
once bowls were dumped out. Finally Washu looked up for were she
was. (About
to enter her lab.) "Perhaps we should let them down now, what do
you think
Tenchi."
Tenchi looked up, from helping Sasami, Mortified. "Washu what
are you doing?
Why are you dragging me into this?"
Washu Laughed. "Tenchi, Tenchi, Tenchi."
"What, what, what?"
"What are you so worried about?" Tenchi didn't answer but looked
up at the
girls still floating where they were, suspended in the force
fields.
"Oh, don't you be worrying about them just yet."
Another laugh escaped her lips.
"Hey you," Growled Ryoko. "You said you would let us out after
you ate!"
"As much as I hate to agree with Ryoko," While saying this Aeka
shot her
look. "I do not want to stay here all night!"
"Hmm... Well it seems to me, that you girls have a pretty
eligible
argument," Then Washu got such an evil look on her face that it
was no
longer wonder where Ryoko got it. "What do you say we let Tenchi
decide?"
All eyes instantly fell on Tenchi.
He gave Washu a look of his own and then opened his mouth.
<This is too good. Tenchi will definitely side with me, and I'll
be out of
here in no time! Chances are he'll even demand that Aeka stay
here all
night! > Giggling to her self she stared at Aeka.
<How excellent! There is simply no question who Lord Tenchi will
side with.
And, > She thought, sneaking a sly look at Ryoko. < He'll have
this demon
woman here all night! > They both exchanged evil glances and
burst out
laughing. "Um... I think, that the girls are probably very sorry
about what
they did and deserve to be let out." The girls had just been
listening and
nodding their heads until he reached the "very sorry" part,
Where the both
looked up in alarm and then looked (Or glared really.) at each
other. Washu
had noticed their reactions and before they could say anything,
materialized
her laptop and let them free.
(Except for the blast, that she just made disappear.)
“Well, It's about time I must say.” Said Aeka looking
down at the ground she at last stood on.
“Yea. That was pretty annoying.”
“I quite agree.” Then they froze, realizing that they had just
shared a
civil word. Screaming, they both ran to their room.

"Ugh!" Aeka was doing her best to shake of the events of the
day. Every
single one of them was un-pleasant. <I hope no one got the wrong
idea. Me
being nice to Ryoko and all. Oooohhhh! How I hate that women! >
<Really, the feeling is mutual. > Aeka whirled around, half
expecting to see
Ryoko standing in her doorway. But she wasn't. Aeka whirled
around in the
other direction, still no one. Aggravated she searched her room.
Nothing.
<What is going on? Sasami was right. There is something wrong
with me. >
Weakly she collapsed to her knees. <What's wrong with me?!>
Then suddenly
she heard maniacal laughter. She turned around slowly;
half-afraid of what
she might find. Nothing. "WHAT'S GOING ON!!!!! THE VOICES!!! WHY
WON'T THEY
LEAVE ME ALONE!!!!! WHAT'S GOING ON????!!!!! WHY WON'T YOU LEAVE
ME
ALONE!!!!!!!!??????" Half way through her screaming out-burst
Tenchi and the
others, came running up the stairs. (Even Ryoko. Though not Half
as
concerned as the others she did come.) Of course she was
screaming so loud
she did not hear them enter. And only noticed they were there
when Tenchi
picked her up from where she lay on the ground. "Aeka, Aeka, Are
you
alright, Aeka?" "Te..Te..Tenchi?"
"Aeka, it's alright. I'm here."
"Tenchi, Tenchi. They, they, they won't leave me alone."
"Who?"
"The voices." Tenchi was about to inquire further about these
"voices", When
there came a "Hmmpf" From Ryoko. "This is RIDICULOUS! Please
tell me I'm not
the only one who thinks so. Voices? Voices?! We all came running
up here to
listen to Aeka babble about VOICES??!!!! This is RIDICULOUS!
I'll be in my
room." She gave a quick nod and left. Or at least that's what
she wanted to
do. She was quick, but Washu was quicker. She had gotten no
farther then the
hall when she was pulled back by her hair. Screaming she whirled
around to
find Washu still hold her at bay with her own hair. "Do you
remember, Little
Ryoko, do you remember when you were wounded trying to save
Grandpa from the
Kagato? I think you do. I think you also remember how Tenchi
stayed by your
side. And I for one think that he would have stayed by your side
even if you
babbled about little voices in your head." Though there was no
cheering this
time, but everyone was secretly impressed by Washu's reproof.
"That was different. I was MORTALY WOUNDED!!! I was not just
some attention
deprived Princess!!!!" At that Aeka's eyes shot open, and she
stood up
screaming.
"Attention Deprived?! Attention deprived?! I am anything but
attention
deprived!"
"Oh wait, that's right. You have your little voices to keep you
company."
Aeka clenched her fists and started to fume. "You. How, how dare
you." The
words were spat out in a hiss of hatred.
"Oooooh! Scary!"
"You... I..I..." Her sentence drowned out by the attack she was
about to
release. Then regaining her ability to speak, she smiled. "You
know Ryoko,
you just don't know when to quit do you? Well, I think it's time
you
learned." "YA!" With a scream she dispelled all the energy she
had been
gathering. Ryoko barely managed to evade the attack. Of course
that meant
the others didn't stand a chance. <I don't understand. Where did
Aeka get
all this power!?> Thought Ryoko with vexation. <Hmmm....>
Thought Washu.
<This doesn't make any sense. Aeka should not be able to unleash
such power.
> "Wow!" Said Aeka with a blink. Just as suprised as the others.
Suprised
she stared at the room and all the people who were laying,
scattered about
by the energy. Then she looked down at her hands. "Did I do
that?"
"Oh yea." Said Tenchi desperately trying to stand. "Oh! Lord
Tenchi!" Cried
Aeka. Quickly she when to help him up. "Ouch" They all turned to
see
Mihoshi. Lying on the floor cringing, she had apparently taken
the worst of
the blast. (Probably because she was the weakest.) "Oh dear!
Miss Mihoshi!
Oh, my I'm sorry!" She quickly ran over to help Mihoshi. In fact
the only
one she hadn't hurt was Washu. (And Ryoko of course.) Washu just
sat inside
that force field of hers and laughed. Although the laughter was
merely a way
to disguise her concern. <I did not know that Aeka was so
strong. Hmmm...
She almost caught my daughter. Hmmm...> Her thoughts were
interrupted by a
small cough from Aeka. "I'm all right now you may leave. I hope
I have not
troubled you all to greatly."
Then she turned her back on them as if to signify their
dismissal. But
Sasami was smarter then that. And she was not buying it.
"Oh no you don't Aeka!"
Startled she turned around to see her sister’s angry and
concerned face.
"Sasami, I'm quite fi..."
"NO YOU’RE NOT!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Sasami...."
"No Aeka. You are not fine. This is the THIRD time today! Aeka,
I'm your
*sister*!"
"She right Aeka." Said Tenchi. “If there is a problem you can
tell us." Aeka
turned and looked up at his warm face. "Lord Tenchi....I...."
She was cut of
abruptly when Ryoko suddenly got between the two of them.
"What are you doing with my Tenchi? Listen here Aeka. If you
have some kind
of mental problem I will be nether suprised, or unsympathetic.
Okay? I'll
listen. But I draw the line at you trying to snag *my* Tenchi.
You know what
you’re doing? You are taking advantage of his kind and loving
nature!"
"How dare you! And What do you mean by *your* Tenchi?!"
"It's simple, princess, Me and Tenchi are in love!"
"You..."
"STOP!!!!!!" They all turned to see, to their great suprise,
Sasami. "Don't
you see?! This is what started all of this!!!!!! Can't you girls
stop
fighting for just one minute?!"
"She is right you all." Boomed Washu. "I just left you in a
force field for
five hours, and you are still fighting!"
"You are right, Washu, Sasami. I supposed I shall simply have to
be the
bigger person in this situation
and ignore the obnoxious remarks of this monster woman and....."
"Aeka!"
"Um...yes, Oh! Well like I said I'm quite alright and would
appreciate some
privacy now, so if you would....."
"Hmmm....." Sasami still not buying it was the only one who
lingered in
Aeka's room. "Aeka...."
"Yes."
"Are you sure that you are okay?"
"Yes I'm fine."
"Well I still don't believe you…” She said even as she was
leaving. Aeka
smiled watching her sister leave.
<Now, to find out what's wrong with me. >
<Allow me to explain, Princess. >
<Ryoko is that you? >
<No, but you definitely have found the subject at hand. >
<Ah. So you return. >
<Yes. And no more of that screaming. Now about a while ago. You
like what
you saw earlier, yes? >
<You mean the odd wave of energy? >
<Yes. That was me. >
<As I suspected. I knew I could not produce such awesome power.
>
<Well let's just say that it was only the beginning. >
< You mean you've been torturing me all this time to give me
such power. >
<Not exactly. You see I have been searching for Ryoko for quite
a while now.
To be perfectly honest, (which I rarely am. Bear with me here,
I'm evil.)
I meant to kill Ryoko right then. Must be getting rusty. >
<So.... Let me see if I got this right. You basically are just
using me to
get to Ryoko. >
<Yes. >
<Well...Okay...>
<Some-thing wrong? >
<Well, I guess it's kind of weird to be used like some kind of
puppet to
some evil force for the sole purpose
Of killing some one else. >
<I'll give 'ya that. >
<Thanks. You are soooo gracious. >
<Hey, Watch it. >
<Sorry. >
<Forgiven. >
<Well, answer me this. If you wanted to kill Ryoko, why not come
and do it
your self? >
<Excellent question. Allow me to explain. You see, I was not
sure she was
even here...>
< And what better why to find out then to possess me. >
<Do you mind? >
<Sorry. Go on. >
<Anyway like I was saying. You see what I was about to say
before so rudely
interrupted, that I did not know if she was on this planet. So I
did a
little looking around and I was told to try the Masaki
residents. So I did. And sure enough, there she was.
Making herself at home with this earthlings...>
<So I take you are not from this planet. >
<No, I'm not. And quit interrupting me! >
<Oops. >
<Yea, oops. Anyway, after looking around for a while I couldn't
help but
notice the loving bond between you two.> Saying this with
sarcasm, she went
on.
<Well I figured I could not pass up such an opportunity, so I
decided that
there was simply no point
to coming all the way here and getting my hands dirty when all I
had to do
was posses you. And I must admit, I don't think I could have
chose a better
host!>
<It’s all so clear now! >
<Glad to help. Well back to the matter at hand. We've
strayed. Now back to the matter of power. I can give you the
ability to kill
Ryoko. >
<Hey. I'm not that stupid. >
<Oh? >
<Yea. You can't really be expecting me to fall for that
after you've just told me your little life story and your entire
plan! >
<Ooh, you are good. And just for the record, I have NOT told you
my entire
life story. But that's nether here or there. Well, be that way
if you want.
I just thought I'd give you a choice. Oh well. > With that she
gave another
of those sinister laughs and was gone.
<Well that was certainly interesting. > Thought Aeka
-Sigh-
Completely disturbed by the whole thing she decided to go
downstairs and try
to get some food. But where did that odd girl go? Why did she
find my
refusal so amusing? And what about Ryoko? Was she just going to
give up? Or,
would they be seeing her again...

<Oh brother. > Thought Ryoko, plopping down on her bed. <What a
wimp! Really
I don't see how Tenchi can stand her. > -Sigh- <Well, now what.
> Then
Ryo-ohki joined her. As she smiled down at her precious cabbit,
she thought.
<Wow. Deza vu! >
"Well," Not knowing why, she started talking to her cabbit.
"What do you
think I should do?" Trying to be helpful Ryo-ohki gave a "Meow."
Ryoko laughed.
"Thanks. Wow! I'm hungry! Hey, what do 'ya say we go get a bite
to eat?"
"Mrow!"
"Alright! Let's go!"

Tenchi smiled. <At last! Some peace and quite! >
Exhausted he collapsed on the sofa. Then hit the ground hard.
"What! Where's
are furniture?!"
"The girls destroyed it. Remember?" Sighed Washu.
"Oh, yea." <Oh brother! This is ridicules! >
Thought Tenchi. Just then the girls both came running in.
"Lord Tenchi!"
"Tenchi!"
"Miya."
"How dare you?!"
"Why don't you just go away and leave me and my Tenchi alone?"
"Your Tenchi?"
"Yes. My Tenchi. Tenchi loves me and that is that. He's my
little love
bunny."
"LOVE BUNNY!!!????"
"What's wrong princess? Jealous?"
<Well there goes my peace and quite. > -Sigh-...
Little did the girls or Tenchi know that they were being
watched.

-Mean-while some where out in space-

In her long maze-like ship, Anaru watched with great interest.
<She called
that boy her "love bunny". Very interesting. Yes, very
interesting. > She
stared down into the shining globe that she had bugged their
house with.
<Ryoko. Aeka, you fool! With this little device
here I can watch you all day! FOOL!" Oh well. Guess I'll have to
kill you
too. Oh well. Hmmpf! > Anaru turned and headed down the many
passages that
made the bridge of her ship. She had somehow memorized the
hundreds of
passages that led to the many different rooms of her huge ship.
She laughed
remembering the time she had gotten lost in her own ship. The
mains hold,
(The room that had the ball.) was very spacious.
It was a large room with concrete floor and ceiling.
In the front of the room was a large dome looking out into
space. She
enjoyed looking out it. In front of the dome was her seeing
ball. She called
it that because she could see just about anything or any one in
the galaxy.
That was pretty much all that was in the room. (Any thing of any
importance
that is.) Since she liked big spacious rooms, the main hold was
her favorite
room to be. She also liked to look at space, which could be why
she liked
the hold because it had a very big window that she could stare
through.
Having spent about an hour watching the Masaki's, she headed to
her personal
quarters. (Another room with really big windows.) She, as I
mentioned
before,
had memorized her ship and all the halls. (Somehow.)
Besides living in it, she had another advantage. She took her
time. The time
she had gotten lost was when she had first gotten her ship and
was so
excited by a ship of her own, that she could do nothing but run
around until
she was hopelessly lost. Due to the amount of garments and togas
she wore,
she could do nothing more than small paced steps. Another thing
she liked
was to wear a lot of clothes at once. For one it kept her warm
in the chill
of space. (Not to mention it didn't take her long to obtain some
of the
galaxies greatest fashion.) She went down a few more hallways,
took a couple
turns and finally found the door to her room. She opened it and
walked
inside. She sat down at a small stool next to a VERY big window.
As she
stared into space a thousand thoughts ran through her mind. How
long she had
been searching for Ryoko. As she undid her long locks and even
as the long
pink-red hair fell from her head to her back she swore. <I
swear, Ryoko, I
swear. I will destroy you. >

-Later back at the Masaki house. -
They, (the girls) had fought out their argument and
some way or another peace had been brought back to the house.
They all sat
around the table eating their breakfast, enjoying the rare
moment of peace
that they shared. As Aeka ate the happenings of the other day
ran through
her mind. <Should I tell them about.... Wait a minute! I never
learned her
name.
Oh well. I guess it really doesn't matter now. Besides They'd
think I'm
crazy. Especially Ryoko. > -Sigh-
Sasami turned. "Aeka are you...."
"Don't even say it Sasami!"
"Okay, okay! Jeez."
For some reason, perhaps to relieve tension, perhaps because
they found it
funny, they all laughed.
Except for Aeka who just seemed to be off in a world of her own.
<Well,
perhaps I should tell them about that voice. No, They'd think
I'm insane!
And Ryoko would never let me live it down. “Hi Aeka how’s that
voice of
yours?” Arghhh! That woman I hate her. >
Thought Aeka, almost snapping her chop sticks.
<Well then what do you say you and me destroy her? > Said a
voice.
Recognizing it, Aeka jumped up.
Ignoring the stares and the worried look from Sasami, she ran
from the room.
Hoping to learn more about the voice without looking like a nut
case, she
ran to her room and bolted the door. <Alright you, now who are
you?!>
Silence. <Listen! I know your there and I want to know who you
are! >
<Pardon me, > Said the voice. Aeka sighed with the relief for
getting an
answer. <I never properly introduced myself. My name is Anaru.
How may I
help you? >
<What do you want with Ryoko? What do you want with me? >
<That's easy. Like I said I'm Anaru and if I don't kill Ryoko,
I'll die
trying. >
<Alright. Now, what do you want with me? >
<I all ready told you. I was watching Ryoko and I saw how you
much two hate
each other. So I thought I'd help my-self to the advantage, kill
the @#!%*
and be home before dinner. >
<As much as I personally agree, and as much as Ryoko is a !@#$%,
I don't see
why- if your as strong as you claim- that you didn't come and do
it
yourself! Now Ryoko still alive and I look like a nut case! >
<Picky, picky, picky. Besides I suppose I can see your point.
You are
stubborn and this is taking me more time than if I just pulled
my ship to
bay on this pathetic planet and did it my-self. Very well. If
you
don't want the pleasure of killing her, fine. I want it any-way.
Just
thought I'd be nice. (A thing I rarely am.) Well Ta! See 'ya
soon. >
<No! Wait! > But it was too late. <Well now I defiantly know
that we will be
seeing her soon. Perhaps I should warn Ryoko.... Hmmmm....> A
thousand
thoughts ran through her mind, should she tell Tenchi? Washu?
Maybe she
could something about this. What with her being number one mad
scientist in
the universe. Or perhaps she should ask brother Yosho. She
thought about it
for a long time and finally came a conclusion. She would have to
tell
Tenchi. As much as she hated Ryoko, this was not the kind of
thing you just
keep a secret.

Tenchi stared after Aeka. <Well she certainly was in a hurry. >
Ryoko
followed his glance. Realizing he must be worried about Aeka
since she was
the only one to use that door all day she spoke up.
"Oh, don't be worrying about her just yet. She'll be back. She
always is."
Apparently unconcerned she went back to eating. <Maybe Ryoko's
right. > He
sighed and went back to eating. About a 45 minutes later Aeka
came back into
the kitchen. "Oh Aeka, there you are..." His voice trailed off
as he saw the
worried look on her face. "Um.... Aeka what's wrong."
"Tenchi, can I talk to you?"

1 Hour later
"So, then she said that her name was Anaru."
"Anaru huh? Hmmm...."
"Tenchi please, I know it sounds crazy, That's why I didn't tell
you sooner.
Please you must believe me. She's coming. I know it. We've got
to protect
this family."
"We've got to protect Ryoko."
"No we don't!"
"What!" Said an astonished Tenchi.
"Think about it Tenchi. It's apparent she's what this Anaru
what's. Maybe if
we give her Ryoko she'll just go away."
"Sounds like another one of your tricks to get rid of Ryoko."
Said Tenchi
Fiendishly.
"Tenchi!"
"Just kidding."
"Hmppff! You'd better be."
"Any-way let's move on to the more important things."
"Like this Anaru character." Ryoko, who had been flying around
the halls in
search of Tenchi, Flew into the room that they were talking in.
She came in
about the "Anaru" part. And then she froze in horror.
"Oh, Ryoko." Said Tenchi standing up.
"Did...did you say Anaru?"
"Yes. I did." Replied Aeka.
"What," Asked Tenchi. "Do you know her?"

Another hour later.
"She's pretty stubborn, I 'gotta admit. To follow me all the way
out here."
-Sigh-
"So... you two are, indeed, well acquainted."
"Hmmpf! Well's not the word for it."
"Well, don't worry she hates you just as much as you hate her."
"I gathered that, princess. Though, I've got to admit,
possessing you was a
whole new low."
"Yea, well. Exactly what do you propose we do about it?" Asked
Tenchi.
"Anaru's as ruthless and cold as she is stubborn. We'll
be getting no peace from her." They all turned to see Washu
hovering on her
little red pallet.
"Washu," Began Tenchi calmly. "How long have you been here?"
"The whole time."
"Darn you Washu." Growled Ryoko. Then suddenly somber, she
lowered her head
a bit. "How ever annoying, Washu is right. Anaru will never
rest. Never that
is, until she has me. Until I go and face her. Myself."
"Which is exactly what I suggested." Said Aeka.
"Don't push it princess."
"Ryoko, you can't go face her your-self." Stated Tenchi bluntly.
"As much as I hate you Ryoko, I am obliged to agree with Lord
Tenchi. As you
all know she has possessed me. That powerful blast was not my
own. It was
hers.
I know, first hand, how powerful she is. And though I'm all for
your death
and all, and I don't know why,
But Lord Tenchi would be beside himself if something happened to
you.
Especially if he could do something to help. So it is my duty,
As the
crowned princess of Juria to warn you. But just warn you. Don't
think I'll
do anything to help you or any-thing."
Ryoko smiled.
"Yea, Aeka I hate you to. But, coming from you, I'll take those
words to
heart. And yes Tenchi I will face her on my own. I have to."
Tenchi opened
his mouth to protest but she continued. "You don't know Anaru.
I do. She will stop at nothing, NOTHING to get to me. She
possessed Aeka for
@#!* sake! I could not stand it if she hurt you. Especially to
get to me.
You, all of you could be hurt. Tenchi, I have to go." She
started to fly out
of the room but Tenchi stopped her.
"Ryoko..."
"Yes?" She looked at him through the corner of eye and smiled.
"I'm doing it
for you Tenchi." She started to leave again but once again he
stopped her.
"Ryoko, If you care anything about me at all, Don't go." She
froze. Tears
spurted to her eyes as she turned towards him.
''You...have...no…idea." she
managed. Then turned from the room in tears and flew away.

In her ship Anaru screamed with laughter.
"Oh! This is too rich. If you care anything about me at all!
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH” She fell to the ground clutching her sides.
<Oh, Ryoko.
How I love seeing you in pain. > With some more laughter she
finally managed
to regain herself and stumble to her feet. "Well, I feel better
now." She
stated wiping the tears from her eyes. "Computer! Cancel
emergency land to
earth don't need to go down to that @!#* forsaken planet. Why
bring the
fight to her when she'll just come and bring it here. Yes.
She'll come.
She'll come."

In her room Ryoko collapsed on her bed and cried until she was
afraid she'd
bawl her eyes out.
<Oh, Tenchi! Why! If only you knew! WHY! >
<I can't defend you or else you'll assume on of two things.
Ether that Aeka
was correct and I'm good for nothing but worry, or even worse.
That I don't
love you! That I didn't listen and don't care about you! But I
can't just
sit here! Why I wouldn't put it below Anaru to blow up the whole
house to
get to me! She's not one to show up and demand a fair fight. I
mean she
possessed Aeka to get to me. No, she won't demand a fair fight.
That is,
unless I go and take it to her. > She lifted her head from where
it was. (In
her hands.) And opened her eyes, her mind made up.

Much later. (In the dead of night.)
The matter of Anaru had not been mentioned all day.
Perhaps Tenchi thought that he had resolved the matter, if he
did then he
did not know Ryoko. Dressed in her resplendent black and red
fighting suite,
she picked up Ryo-ohki from her sleeping pallet and headed to
the door. But
before she opened the door a thought crossed her mind. Bearing
in mind that
it might be last time she saw Tenchi, she went into his room to
say
good-bye. <You'll have a little trouble with that. >
<What do you mean Ryo-ohki? >
<Tenchi is a sleep. >
<I know. >
"Miya?"
"Listen Ryo-ohki, you know as well as I do that Tenchi does not
want us to
go. Now do you understand?"
"MIYA!" Was the startled cabbits response.
"Ryo-ohki!" Hissed Ryoko. "Keep it down! Look I don't like it
ether, but,
what choice do we have?"
"Miya."
"That's better now let's go." Then, really wanting to be alone
with Tenchi
she sent Ryo-ohki away. <I know she's just a cabbit, but this
could be, heck
probably is, the last time I'll see Tenchi. > She walked over to
the door
and remembering the incident when she had tried to seduce Tenchi
but ended
up in the lake, she checked to see if Aeka had put anymore
security systems.
To Ryoko's suprise she had not.
She took a big breath and opened the door. To her even greater
suprise
nothing happened. She decided to take advantage of Aeka's
carelessness and
went on in. She saw Tenchi sleeping, there in his bed. So
peaceful and
happy. It took every bit of self-control
she had ever learned to keep the tears from coming. They came
anyway.  She
was doing pretty good,
until she walked over to his bed and looked down own his
sleeping form. As
she looked down on his face, so peaceful, so kind... before she
knew it she
her tears were pouring. She tried to stop, but she had no
control over them.
<How. How can it be, how can this be the last time I'll see
him?!> She
thought miserably.
<Tenchi.... Why can't you understand? Why do I have to do this
in the middle
of the night, when you won't even know? Oh Tenchi. It didn't
have to be this
way. >
The tears were out of control now. <Goodbye Tenchi. >  Hovering
in the air,
she bent down and gently kissed him. Then whispered gently.
"Goodbye love."
Then afraid her tears would wake his already wet face, she drew
back.
<No.... It's not your fault,
it's Anaru's. Anaru. Anaru was the one who did this. >
Thought Ryoko angrily. She turned from him slowly, her eyes dead
ahead.
<You...will.... pay, Anaru. Do you hear Anaru?! I will make you
pay!!!!! I
WILL DESTROY YOU! > Then as she reached the doorway, she placed
her hand on
the it, (The door way that is.) and turned back to look at
Tenchi.
"Goodbye...my Tenchi." <If only you knew. You will never know
how much I
love you. Never. And it's all Anaru's fault! @!#% You Anaru!
!@#* YOU! No,
Tenchi will never know how much I love him. He will never know
how much I
care. All because I love him too much to leave him to be
destroyed by you,
Anaru! All he'll know is that I didn't love him enough to stay.
> She was
thinking these words even as she boarded Ryo-ohki. <I don't see
why you’re
so upset. >
She turned to the small crystal that was reflecting Ryo-ohki's
face at the
time. <I mean it's not like it's the last time we'll ever see
him or
any-thing. >
Ryoko smiled at the small vote of confidence. <Right? You'll
destroy Anaru
and come home. Tenchi will understand, and Sasami will give me a
carrot. >
Ryoko threw her head back in laughter. "Thanks Ryo-ohki. I
needed that."
"Miya" said the happy Ryo-ohki, always glad to help.
Ryoko smiled fondly at her cabbit. "Well, if I’m going to die, I
guess I
couldn't have a better person...err...cabbit to do it with." She
smiled and
Ryo-ohki happily meowed in her cat like fashion.
"Now, let's go get that Anaru!"
Ryo-ohki gave a long, final battle cry as the ship zoomed into
the distance.
"MMMRREEEOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWW!"

Meanwhile on Anaru's ship
"Yes, That's it. Come; come to your doom! This time Ryoko, the
battle, and
it's out come will be different.
Just you come and see. Yes, that's it. Come. COME TO ME YOU
FOOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Morning time at the Masaki home.

help "She's gone!" Exclaimed an exhausted Sasami. Everyone in
the room
looked up from what they were doing and turned to Sasami.
"Tenchi, Tenchi!" Shrieked the little girl.
Startled by the tone of panic fear in her voice he shot up from
his chair
quickly.
"Who?" There was silence as Sasami desperately tried to catch
her breath. It
was apparent that she had been running. And from where ever she
had must
have been a distance (Or a speed.) because it took a lot to take
Sasami
down. "Sasami, Who's gone?!" He was trying to be patient with
the babbling
girl but the fear that she brought into the room was contagious
and starting
to catch on to him. "I...I...didn't want her to go...I tried to
make
stay...Oh! I'm sorry Tenchi!
I'm sorry! I tried!"
He grabbed her shoulders and began to shake her gently, hoping
to calm her
down enough to be able to understand what she said.
"Sasami, Sasami. It's all right. It's alright." He had to repeat
this
several times before she was calm enough to understand that as
long as
Tenchi could not understand her he wouldn't even know what was
going on,
none the less be able to help in any-way.
So she took a deep breath and calmed herself. Seeing this Tenchi
tried
again. (By this time a crowd of the entire room had gathered
around.)
"Now Sasami, who's gone?"
"Ryoko! Ryoko's gone! I looked every where for her. All around
the yard, all
her favorite places, EVERY-WHERE!" Even as she spoke Tenchi,
Startled,
Jumped up and clenched his fist. He stared up at the sky as if
hoping such
an action would bring her back.
"I should have seen this coming." Moaned Washu. Apparently
taking a lot of
the blame on herself. "She's my own daughter! I should have seen
this coming
from such a stupid, impulsive, head strong, brave girl!"
"Oh Tenchi, you must go get her! She's gone to fight that
horrible Anaru I
just know it!" Screamed Sasami.
Startled Tenchi stared at her. <No wonder she was so upset! She
knows about
Anaru. But how? >
"How did you know?"
Sasami lowered her head. "I knew about it the whole time." She
admitted
guiltily.
"You mean to tell me you were eavesdropping on us?!" screamed
Aeka jumping
from her seat.
"Well.... Not exactly."
"Oh?"
"I mean, you were shouting through most of it!
And I was right there in the kitchen washing the dishes."
"We were not yelling." Pouted Aeka.
"Yes you were! You were shouting at Ryoko for bringing this kind
of danger
to the entire family!
It was probably you drove her in to space in the first place!
You made her
feel like she brought the danger, she had to get rid of it."
"You don't know that!" Screamed Aeka defensively.
"I know that's how I would feel!"
"Girls stop!" Shouted Tenchi. "It's not your fault Aeka, Sasami,
Washu." He
paused. "It's mine."
Startled they all stared. He continued.
"I should have known Ryoko better than that. I shouldn't have
tried to make
her stay, I should volunteered to help her or offered to tell
Washu to help
with some device or SOMTHING!!!!!! Yes, I should have tried to
help her
instead of telling her that she didn't care about me because she
was trying
to protect me!" He looked around at all the lowered heads. "Yes.
We all
could have handled the situation
better. But that is not what is important now. Here we all are
cursing are
selves because we let her go off into trouble, while she's of
just getting
deeper into it!
What's important now is getting her back." They all agreed but
Aeka, (always
the practical one.) realized.
"But lord Tenchi, we have no way to get there." He looked at her
waiting for
her to finish.
“Without Ryo-ohki we have no ship."
Tenchi froze, just now realizing that problem.
"What about Mihoshi's shuttle?" Asked Sasami.
"That's a wonderful idea Sasami!" Exclaimed Washu.
"Not even I, the greatest mind on this side of the galaxy, no
wait! In the
universe could do better."
Sasami giggled at the praise.
"Though not quite as dramatic, Washu was right. That's perfect!
I'll call
Mihoshi right away!"
Tenchi ran down the hall to the phone to make the call...

Meanwhile on Mihoshi's shuttle.

"Mihoshi. Mihoshi? MIHOSHI!!!!!"
"Yes Yukinojo?”
"Report to the main deck immediately!"
"Coming!"
"Alright I'm here. Now what is it?"
"You have received an urgent message from earth."
"Oh really? Gosh that's nice. Okay.. Um… Yukinojo display
message."
"Very well."
"Um.... Hi, it's me, Tenchi."
"Tenchi? Oh hi!"
"Ahh, yes. Listen Mihoshi, it's urgent!"
"Yes, so Yukinojo tells me. Okay. What can I do for you?"
"Mihoshi we need your shuttle! Urgently!"
"What do you mean?"
He briefed her.
"So basically, you need my ship because Ryoko went to destroy
Anaru all by
herself?"
"Yes. Please Mihoshi. She could be there all ready!
I couldn't stand it if something happened to her. Especially if
there is
something I can do about it!"
"Right! I'm on my way!"
"Thank you Mihoshi."
"Just doing my job." The transmission died, and Mihoshi turned
her thrusters
on.
"Yukinojo full power to earth."
"Yes Mam!"

A bit later in space and the space surrounding Anaru's ship.

"Now Ryo-ohki, Where is Anaru? Can you find her?"
"Meow."
"Very helpful."
"Miya."
"-Sigh-. Okay then Ryo-ohki; let's try this. Can you locate the
coordinates
of the Atar?" (Anaru's ship.)
"Meow."
"Ryo-ohki!"
"Miya."
"Ryo-ohki," Said Ryoko gritting her teeth against the comment
that came to
mind. "Ryo-ohki just circle the earth's atmosphere. She can't be
to far."
She stared out the window. <Oh, Tenchi how I wish you were here.
You always
made a hopeless situation so very much filled with hope. > She
heaved a
sigh. <I could really use some hope. > She stared at the
indefinite space
that never ended. <How am I supposed to find her? > Then the
tears fought
their way back. And as they fell from her eyes she could think
only of
Tenchi. <Oh, Tenchi. Could that really be the last time I see
you? Could
that really be true?
How can this be happening to me?
Tenchi, I love you. > Her eyes opened wide and the tears kept
coming.
<I love you Tenchi Masaki. I LOVE YOU!!!!>

On Anaru's ship.
Anaru slowly made her way up to her main hold.
And stared at her seeing ball.
<I don't understand. What's taking her so long? >
She looked into her ball but Ryo-ohki was no where to be found.
Biting her
lip, she put her hands on her head and growled in agitation.
<Arghh! I hate waiting! Why, this would go quicker if I went to
them...> Not
even finishing her thought she shot up. <Of course! That's it!
I'll go get
them! >
Excited at the thought of something so waited for so close, she
ran the way
to the front of the main hold and shouted out her orders.
"Computer! Set a straight course for Ryo-ohki! Immediately!"
"Setting course." Said the voice that was her computer. The ship
took verbal
commands except for more narrow escapes, when three balls
appeared in front
of Anaru. (The best part is it doesn't matter where Anaru is.
Cool huh?) The
balls where much like Ryo-ohki's. Except that instead of just
touching them,
Anaru would grab them and move them in whatever direction she
wanted her
ship to go in.
<This is to perfect! What with Ryoko heading my way and me
heading hers,
I'll be there in no time! >
"Computer! Full blast!"
"Very well mam. But I don't see what the rush is."
"Don't sass me!"
"Sorry mam."
"Besides I've waited for to long to be patient now!"
"Yes mam."
"Now, full blast!"

About two hours later.
"Ughhh!" Ryoko stared at empty space for the fifth time, really
starting to
hate seeing nothing.
"Were is she?!"
<Why are you asking me? > Asked the cabbit by way if the mind
links that she
and Ryoko shared.
<Oh sure, use our link now. >
<What do you mean? >
<Well just an hour ago you were driving me mad with all your
"Miyas &
Meows". >
<It was longer than an hour ago. And any-way I'm not even
supposed to be
able to talk to you this well. It's a fanfiction. Usually I just
use body
language. >
<Oh, I see. >
<I'm not even supposed to understand the English language! This
writer is
really weird. She's some possessed woman who listens to Sara
Evens and
thinks you should get Tenchi. >
<Well I think we could see eye to eye. >
<Ryoko. >
<Yes? >
<This is not the time. >
<Right. >
<Really, you and Aeka. You guys are so immature. >
<Hey, watch it! >
<Sorry. >
<I think I like you better in your old form. I'm going to have
to have a
word with this story’s writer>
<What a incoherent cabbit, who gets no lines or witty repartee?
>
<Yes. >
<Picky, picky, picky. >
<Just shut-up and fly. >
<Fine. Be that way, You big bed-wetting doody head. >
< Hmmfp! You called me immature. >
<Hey, I said I had lines I never said they were good ones. >
<Please, Ryo-ohki. Just concentrate on finding Anaru. >
<Fine limit my all ready deprived and limited lines and....>
<RYO-OHKI!!!!>
<Heh, heh. >
Ryoko sighed and plopped down at the chair that appeared as she
fell.
<Ryoko... Oops, I mean, >
"Miya!"
Alarmed she shot up to find the Atar right up on
Ryo-ohki.
"We're going to crash!" Screamed Ryoko. She veered Ryo-ohki
viciously,
trying to escape the inevitable collide between her ship and the
Atar.
< I tried to avoid them but they came at me from a turn. I'm
sorry! >
"Aghh! That women! She's doing this on purpose!"
Ryo-ohki was a wonderful ship and Ryoko was an excellent pilot
but the Atar
was just too big. They hit. <I'm sorry. > Ryo-ohki's words were
the last
thing Ryoko heard but Ryoko's last conscious thought was Tenchi.
A thousand
thoughts ran through her mind.
Tenchi. What would happen to him? Would Anaru be content with
her death? Or
would she set her sites on earth? What would happen to him?
<I'm sorry love. I'm sorry. >

Anaru's ship before the crash.

The Atar was cruising around the bottom of the earth when
Anaru's computer
finally said in it's robotic voice: "Ryo-ohki's been spotted."
Whirling
around happily Anaru smiled.
"Perfect! Computer set a course for Ryo-ohki, Immediately!!!"
She smiled
with pleasure and was quite annoyed when her computer cut
through her
thoughts.
"But mam...."
"What are you waiting for?" Snapped Anaru.
"Mam, Ryo-ohki is on the top of the earth."
"Yes, so?" Said Anaru impatiently.
"Mam, we are at the bottom of the earth."
"What does that mean?" Really starting to get annoyed.
"Well it means we are going to crash!"
"I don't care!"
"But mam...."
"I don't want to hear it! I want Ryoko! Now go!"
"-Sigh- Very well."
" Hmpf! 'Bout time. Really, I'd think you’d have more faith in
me than that.
Don't you think I know about are positioning and hers? Please, I
have it all
worked out." After those words were spoken she broke out in
hysterical
laughter. "Oh yes, I have it all worked out!
MRHAHAHAHAHAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

Ryoko stirred. She raised her head a bit, and to her suprise
found her-self
in Anaru's ship! Recognizing,
somehow, where she was she shot up. Jerking her head about she
looked
around. She heard laughter and whirled around to find her
opponent sitting
on a small table, her head thrown back in laughter.
"Anaru? But how? I thought that we.... But you.... But..."
"You silly fool! Do you really think that I would risk harming
my ship just
to collide with you? Fool! I opened my boarding hold before
Ryo-ohki could
actually hit me. You and your ship both ended up in my ship. We
could have
begun our fight, but you had passed out! The whole time I
dragged you to my
hold
you were muttering something about a certain "Tenchi". Is that
what his name
is? This Tenchi, your "love bunny"?" Anaru cocked her head with
an almost
child like curiosity. "Hmmm... Tenchi, Interesting."
Ryoko lowered her head and blushed at hearing her own words
repeated. "Where
did you hear that? I bet it was that rotten Aeka! Did she tell
you?"
Anaru shook her head and answered.
"No, I've been watching very closely."
"You have?"
"Yep! That's how I knew you were coming. But you took so long!"
"Is that why you came and picked me up?"
Anaru nodded. "You couldn’t find me, so I thought I'd come and
get you."
Grinning evilly at the face Ryoko made her. "You shouldn't do
that, your
face might stick that way." With another grin she jumped agilely
from where
she sat and faced Ryoko. Seeing her now so close to her, Ryoko
realized that
although Anaru did wear a very odd outfit, it looked very much
like
something Aeka would wear. It was a long garment that reached
the ground.
But what Ryoko noticed was the sleeves. There was a long
skintight sleeve
that resembled her own. But the odd thing about it was that it
wasn't the
only sleeve. There were three others. Each one hanging lower
than the last.
The first one hung very low off the arm, (Just like the sleeves
on Aeka's
regular gown.)  In a lovely stylish loop. The next one was a
normal sleeve
that was on the bend of the elbow. The next went around her
under-arm, just
as if the dress was sleeve-less. Another odd thing about the
dress was that
about two inches from the shoulder was a diagonal line of three
buttons.
Under the buttons was a long seem line, from which gave Ryoko
the impression
that next to the large bow tied around her waist, the buttons
were the only
thing that kept the dress on. <Interesting. > Thought Ryoko.
Another thing
she noticed that Anaru wasn't all that tall. She wasn't short,
but she
definitely wasn’t tall. Taking advantage of the opportunity to
tease Anaru,
she did.
"Wow! Your short!"
"Well you’re tall."
<Well that was a kick in the head. > Thought Ryoko.
"Shall we begin?" Asked Anaru in an almost cheerful manner.
"Gladly."
At Ryoko's response Anaru untied the large bow. Then she reached
up and
unbuttoned the three buttons. And, as Ryoko expected, the dress
fell in pile
about her feet. Then Ryoko understood the odd
sequence of sleeves. Under the dress was a skintight fighting
suite. (The
rest of the sleeves were just there because Anaru liked them.)
Anaru wore a
beautiful fighting suite that clung to her body. In it's
beautiful
multicolored, spiral design, Ryoko found her eyes lost in the
seemingly
endless elaborate cloth. Ryoko shook her head, vigorously trying
to clear
her head. She succeeded, but lost a moment. One precious moment.
In that
moment, that one moment Anaru had made her move and had a strong
hold on
Ryoko's neck. She squeezed. Laughing as Ryoko's head started to
nod to one
side, Apparently losing consciousness. A thought ran through her
head. The
thought that would save her life.
<Tenchi, oh Tenchi. I'm sorry, I couldn't stop her... I
tried.... I tried. >
Her legs and hands, which had been feverently beating and
kicking Anaru with
what little strength they had left, dropped limp to her sides.
She couldn't
breath, she couldn't think. Her eyelids drooped weakly. In the
little time
she had left a thousand thoughts ran through her mind. Memories,
her dreams,
everything.
<Tenchi, Ryo-ohki, yes, even Aeka. Kiyone, Mihoshi, Mom> She
thought with a
horse private chuckle
< I let them all down. All of them. I'll miss them all. Even
that !@*# Aeka.
> She thought weakly.
<NO!!! I won't! I won't! I can't! >
"Anaru!" She rasped out. "You...won't.... win." With a bit
stronger voice
she continued. "You won't!"
"Oh?" Laughed Anaru.
"Yes. Because," As she said this she lifted her weak hands, and
laid them on
Anaru's wrists. They in their weakened condition were, of
course, no threat.
But
the action caused Anaru to lift her eyebrows in suprise. She
began to feel
her grip weaken.
"Because, I won't let you!" She began to draw a hidden power
from a source
that not even she knew she had. A hidden strength that she had
always, deep
inside, known was there. A strength she couldn't quite explain.
She
tightened her grip on Anaru's wrist.
"YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHH"  Ryoko screamed and as if her hands
heated up,
burnt Anaru's wrist. Screaming she pulled away. "You..." Hissed
Anaru. Pure
hatred seething in her voice. A sword of energy, (Some-what like
Ryoko.)
>From in her hands she raised it above her head ready to charge.
"You #@!*!!!!!" Screamed Anaru. She brought down her sword and
charged.
Ryoko barely heard her words. She, who had collapsed weakly from
her last
attack which, had taken more energy than she had. She stared
blankly at the
charging Anaru, wondering if she could stand. Realizing that if
she didn't
all she had done would be pretty much worthless, she tried. She
did manage
to stand but by the time she did Anaru was upon her. She tried
to dodge the
sword, but Anaru was to close and Ryoko was to tired to move
with any speed.
She jumped to her left. Anaru made a perfect hit to the chest,
but Ryoko's
chest was no longer there. Instead She hit her arm.
"AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!"  Screaming, Ryoko fell to the ground
screaming
and clutching her arm. Anaru leaned over her and laughed. She
laughed and
laughed and laughed.
"YOU FOOL!!!!! You thought you could defeat me? Is that actually
what you
had in mind when you came here?!" She through her head back and
laughed
some-more. Then sobering up she stared down at her, a look of
pure malicious
victory engraved on her stone cold face.
"Well I'm sorry to disappoint you, Ryoko, but well I'm afraid
you never
stood a chance." She raised her sword to strike. Then she got a
malicious
idea.
"I'm also afraid you'll never see that precious boy of yours
again, Ryoko."
Ryoko glared at her enemy, sword in hand she lowered her head.
Defeated. She
did not what Anaru to see the pain in her face as she realized
that was
true. She didn't want Anaru to know that it was that exact fact,
that
knowledge that had kept her going for so long. She didn't want
her to know
that the reason she had tried so hard, fought for so long was
because of
him. For Tenchi. For her dreams for Tenchi. In fact, she
probably wouldn't
have made it past the strangling, she would have died right then
and there.
Suddenly something clicked in her; something that had baffled
her suddenly
made sense. But, she didn't know what it was, so she ignored it.
Then she
got an idea. She reached slowly up, hand trembling she reached
into her
battle suite and from it drew her picture. Their picture.
Carefully to make
sure Anaru didn't see, she slowly turned a piece of her battle
suite, (The
piece with the picture on it.) inside out. That way Anaru could
not see the
picture. She smiled fondly. Looking at the picture she decided
that looking
at a picture of Tenchi, (And her-self) was a much better way of
dying.
Anaru, of course, did not see this. She just thought that her
opponent was
fiddling with her clothes in her last minutes. A thing she found
it an odd
thing to do in your last time on earth but, to each his own.
Then she smiled
a sickly sweet smile and lowered her sword.
"Well Ryoko, I'm in such a good and generous mood I let you
decide how I
kill you." Leaning forwards, she could almost touch her nose
with Ryoko. (It
reminded Ryoko much of what she had done with Aeka, mocking her
the same
way. She vowed never to do it again. However then she realized
that it
really didn't matter now that she was going to die.)
"Well, Ryoko? How would like to die?"
Suddenly a rage burst from Ryoko so strong that she could not
control it.
She channeled every last bit of energy and her anger, (the
strongest force
in her body
at the time. Even stronger than her love for Tenchi! Freaky,
huh?)
<How dare she take my life? My life, before I could even share
it with
Tenchi! How dare she take that from me, my life with Tenchi, and
then mock
me about it! HOW DARE SHE???!!!!> Ryoko got madder at every
word. She drew
her head back and let it go with colossal force into Anaru's,
Ignoring the
pain that came with it, a head butt being one of those things
that hurt from
both ends. Now it was Ryoko's turn to laugh. And she did. She
laughed as
Anaru clutched her head and screamed. She laughed at Anaru's
pain. She
laughed her own. She fell down no longer able to hold herself
up. She fell
and laughed.
"Stop laughing!" Screamed Anaru. Ryoko did not.
She laughed louder, she laughed harder. Beyond rationally
thinking, blinded
so by rage she ran, not walked, not jogged quickly, ran, over to
Ryoko
grabbed her off the floor and beat the @!#$? out of her.
Through her
beatings Ryoko managed,
"Ho...how... does...it feel, Anar...Ana...agh!" At the agh
point, Ryoko
could not finish her sentence because she started coughing up
blood.
She raised her bruised face and since for some reason Anaru had
stopped,
Ryoko continued.
"How does... does it feel Anaru, when your," She stopped now to
get a
breath. "The one who's getting laughed at? Hmmm?"
That was the last straw. Anaru lost it. If one thing she hated
it was when
her words or actions were repeated at her.
"You want to know how it feels, Ryoko?" She was stuttering like
an insane
woman. "You want to know how it feels?  Are you not feeling
enough right
now?" It was all too apparent to Ryoko that she had lost it.
<Okay, so maybe that wasn't the best of ideas. >
"I'll give you feeling!" Screamed Anaru. "You want feeling? You
want to feel
something? OKAY!!!!!!!"
Her eyes were wild and something in her manner truly scared
Ryoko. A small
but strong looking club appeared in her hands. With it she began
soundly
beating Ryoko with it. Ryoko through some amazing threshold of
pain refused
to give Anaru the satisfaction of hearing her scream. She
clamped her mouth
and closed her eyes wincing against the constant and painful
blows. To
Ryoko's horror and amazement she staid conscious. Ryoko was
convinced that
every bone in her body had to be broken the way they felt, by
the time Anaru
raised the club for what Ryoko was convinced was the final blow,
when
Ryo-ohki in cabbit form came flying at Anaru's face scratching
wildly.
Anaru howled, her face a bloody mess, she whirled on Ryo-ohki
with her club.
With one strong blow the cabbit was down. As she fell, Ryoko
felt a thousand
emotions at once.
Anger, Concern, Pain (A lot of that.), horror, agony....
There were many, but the worst was pain. Not just the physical,
but mental
and spiritual. Even as her body lay in crumples about her, all
she could
think about was Tenchi, Ryo-ohki, all the people she loved.
All the people that Anaru hurt. What about the others?
Her mother? Sasami? Kiyone&Mihoshi?
Even Aeka! What about Tenchi? What about
Ryo-ohki?! Would the brave cabbit be all right?
Anaru didn't even check if Ryo-ohki was alive.
She didn't care. All that mattered now was Ryoko.
Even in her brief moment of insanity, (Which, I gotta say, we're
not sure
she has recovered from yet.)
She had never lost track of that goal. Ryoko. That's the only
thing that
mattered. That was it. She would destroy her, she would. Anaru
slowly walked
toward Ryoko, slowly beating her palm with the club in a
menacing way. She
leaned over Ryoko's prone body.
"Well, well, Ryoko. I wonder," She leaned close to Ryoko her
face
maliciously happy. "Feeling enough?" No longer able to control
herself she
thew her head back in a laughter that haunted Ryoko's broken
soul.
"@&*$#" Muttered Ryoko under her breath.
Anaru, finished with her laughing, once again stared down at her
opponent.
Her hard cold eyes glowing with evil pleasure. The kind that had
so often
spread
on Ryoko's face, back in her days of space pirating.
And although it didn't matter, being that she was going to die,
She swore
right then and there that she would never hurt another soul
again. Not even
a cat.
@#%! Not even a bug! But none of this mattered, she realized, as
Anaru hand
reached once again to her throat. She lifted Ryoko, slowly since
there was
no danger of Ryoko breaking free. She raised Ryoko to a perfect
collision
course with the club, drawn back and ready to strike.
"This it, Ryoko. "She said. Then in a scream she cried:
"SAY YOUR PRAYERS RYOKO!!!!!!!!!!!"
She drew back her club and prepared to make the final blow when
she heard a
cry.
"Put her down Anaru!"
She turned slowly to find a young boy in Jurai like armor
running towards
her...

After Anaru started heading towards Ryo-ohki, but before the
fight.

"Of all the irresponsible, clumsy, poorly-timed..."
Tenchi stared angrily at the wet Mihoshi. Who was looking
guiltily at the
ground.
"It....it was an accident...."
"MIHOSHI!!!!!!" Exploded Kiyone.
"We needed that shuttle." Groaned Aeka.
"It's...it's not broken I mean I did land in the lake.
I mean if we fished it out it should be alright."
"Oh Mihoshi!" Sighed Tenchi exasperated. "Your hopeless!"
"Of all the times to crash!" Moaned Sasami.
"Well, now how are we supposed to get to Ryoko?" Asked Washu to
no one in
particular.
Suddenly Kiyone smiled and snapped her fingers.
"I've got it! We can use my ship! Oh, I can't believe I didn't
think of this
before!" Kiyone happily turned from face to face.
"I could call Yagami here and we could go in it."
"I told you, I don't think my ship is broken." Said Mihoshi.
Kiyone whirled
on her.
"It doesn't matter what condition your ships in if it's at the
bottom of the
lake!!!!!" Screamed Kiyone. She glared at her, (Much to her
dismay.)
partner.
"Well it was just a suggestion." Muttered Mihoshi.
"Well Let's get going!" Cried Tenchi cheerfully.
-All-  "Yea!!!"

Later aboard Yagami.

"So exactly where is this Anaru?" Asked Aeka. "I mean we can't
save Ryoko if
we don't know where she is?"  She stared blankly into space.
"I'm really starting to get fed up with this."
"I know how it feels." Said Tenchi. "It's nerve racking! At any
moment she
could just pop up and fire on us!"
"It's definitely not the most pleasant feeling." Said Kiyone.
"Well we're not getting any-where like this." Stated Washu.
Suddenly her
laptop appeared and she begins typing in commands.
"We need to find that ship. And I intend to. It's no problem for
genius like
me." Tenchi leaned towards her.
"Do you think you can find them?"
"It's no problem Tenchi my boy." Said a grinning Washu,
absolutely loving to
show of her genius.
"Observe." She began quickly typing.  A small green ball
appeared and began
to zip around the screen, apparently looking for something.
After few
minutes wait, the ball suddenly stopped turning, froze in one
place and
turned red. A second later a list of coordinates appeared on the
screen.
"There they are!" Shouted an excited Washu. "I've found them!"
They quickly
gathered around her and the computer printed out the
coordinates. Washu
grinned and snatched the list. Then handed them up to Tenchi.
Tenchi quickly
took the paper and read it.
He looked up from it excited.
"Hey, they're not that far! We'll catch up to them in no time!
Let's get
moving!" He through the list over to Kiyone who typed the
instructions
hurriedly into Yagami. The ship took of with speed. Happily
Tenchi stared at
the blurs that were stars.
"We'll get there in no time!" He exclaimed.
"We are moving pretty fast." Said Aeka thoughtfully.
"Wow Washu, this is great!" Praised Tenchi.
Washu hugged her legs, (An unknown action to her.
She never did anything so childish. This whole Anaru thing must
be getting
to her.) Happy with her accomplishment.
"Well what did you expect from the greatest mind in the
universe?!" Suddenly
a spotlight was over her head and her two puppets popped up,
from where ever
they come from, and began cheering Washu on.
"Hurray for Washu!" Cheered puppet A.
"Washu's a genius!" Cheered puppet B.
-Both- "Yea!!!!!!" (No, Washu never does anything childish.)
"So.... Where are they?" Asked Aeka, looking out through a
window.
"Don't worry. Yagami will find them." Stated Kiyone.
"Trust me."
"So," Said Sasami impatiently. "How much longer?"
"Well," Said Kiyone slowly. "I'm estimating that we should get
there in
about a half an hour."
-All-  "Half an hour!!!!!"
"Oh no!" Screamed Tenchi. "That's to long!"
"Yes, We'll never save Ryoko at this rate." Moaned Sasami.
"Oh yes we will!" Exclaimed Washu. All heads turned towards her.
"It's no
problem for a genius like me! I am just such a genius!" (Once
again, up came
the puppets.) When she was done being praised by her dolls, she
once again
began typing on her laptop.
"Oh yes!" Said Washu happily.
Sasami leaned towards the laptop.
"Can you really speed up the ship?" She asked.
"Speed up the ship? This baby will fly!" Exclaimed a happy
Washu.
"But the ship is flying." Laughed Sasami, sharing in Washu's
excitement.
"Well it's 'gonna fly a lot faster!"
Sasami laughed. With an "Aha!" Washu pressed a final button and
suddenly the
ship lurched. Then, the
only sound Tenchi heard was Washu's triumphant laugh. Tenchi
felt his skin
peel back as they broke lightspeed. <This is ridicules! > But
Tenchi didn't
even get to finish the thought. They were there. There in front
of him was
the Atar. It was the biggest ship he'd ever seen. It literally
took his
breath away.
"Well," Said Kiyone slowly, Apparently she also was affected by
the
impressive Atar. "How do we get in?"
"Well, I guess we should try to find a place to board."
Said Mihoshi. Kiyone then reached over and bopped Mihoshi on the
head.
"We know that Mihoshi!!!" She screamed. "What we want to know is
where to
board!"
"Oh." Said the simple-minded detective, rubbing her head sorely.
For some
very obvious reason they all turned to Washu. She looked back
and forth,
staring at all the people staring at her.
"Hey, I got you here! Can't some one else think of a way in? Do
I have to do
everything!!!???"
Silence.
"-Sigh- I guess so." The laptop appeared and she began typing.
"Idiots." She
muttered. "I'm surrounded by idiots." Then louder she said:
"Well it looks
the only way to get in is there." She said, pointing her finger
at the same
door that has swallowed Ryo-ohki.
"That door?" Asked Kiyone, pointing to the same door Washu had.
"That's what I said." Said Washu with a hint of aggravation.
"Well then, How do we get through it?" Asked Tenchi, who was
staring
thoughtfully at the huge boarding port.
"Well," Said Washu, suddenly smiling. "I, being the genius that
I am, have
figured out a way in."
"Really? That's great!" Exclaimed Tenchi happily. Then he stared
at her.
"How?"
"It's simple Tenchi my boy. We just take advantage of the
certain nexus of
the space sector that Anaru foolishly parked her ship in, and
calculate the
size of the ship with the amount of intergalactic power of her
ship, with my
laptop I have pinpointed a perfect entry. All we have to do a
little
creative work with the nexus of space we are in...."
Tenchi had at first tried diligently to listen but was lost
around the part
of how silly Anaru was for parking in the spot that she did.
"Then we use the power of my genius to harness the ability of
dimension
shifting."
"Errr...."
"And then," Said Washu grandly, materializing in front of the
door.  "We
press the open button."
They all stood for a moment, staring at Washu, who was laughing
hysterically
at their reaction to her joke.
They stared a moment longer, and then, shaking their heads flew
Yagami into
the now open portal.
<This is ludicrous. > Thought Tenchi. <And a waste of time! Man!
Ryoko could
be hurt! Or worse.... >
"Aghh! Kiyone can you speed this up!" Screamed Tenchi in panic.
She turned
towards him and cocked her head. "Is something wrong?"
"Is something wrong? Of course something’s wrong! Ryoko's in
there! She
could be hurt! We have to go get her! She's in there fighting
and here we
pulling jokes, (Washu became more intent with her typing at this
point.) and
moving like snails!"
"Snails!" Exclaimed Kiyone. "Were going fast! I mean I just
don't see how
much faster we can get."
"Well we have to try!"
Kiyone looked doubtfully at him and then stared at her ship, and
then back
at him.
"Kiyone, Please."
Sasami suddenly jumped from where she'd been sitting.
"Tenchi's right!" She cried. Kiyone looked at her and sighed.
"Oh please Miss Kiyone! Ryoko's my friend and I don't want
something
happening to her!"
Aeka winced at the friend part, but nodded her agreement. Kiyone
looked from
one to another, and then sighed.
"You’re all insane. But I don't see the point in fighting you."
She sighed
again. "Washu can you make this ship go faster?"
"With pleasure." She once again did some typing and then, once
again, the
ship zoomed.
Then, before Tenchi could blink they were there.
He looked around. It was the biggest, grandest ship he’d ever
seen. It took
his breath away. As he stared everyone got of the ship.
"We'll," said Washu cheerfully. "Let's get going."
They all agreed and set off.
Tenchi leaped from the ship and materialized into his battle
suite. Aeka and
Mihoshi followed him and did the same. All prepared for battle,
they set
off. (Again)
This time ready. Tenchi grabbed his sword and began running down
the many
halls. Only then did he realize just how many halls there were.
In awe he
looked around.
"This place is huge!"
"How are we ever supposed to find Ryoko in a place like this?"
Asked Sasami,
looking around her.
They all looked at Washu.
"Hey! Don't look at me!"
"Washu you must help us!" Begged Sasami.
"Hey, hey! It's not like that, kid! I'd love to help you,
but..."
"But what?" Asked Aeka.
"I...I... I've already tried."
-All- "WHAT!"
"It's true. Not even I can navigate this place." She said
somberly.
"You can't be serious!" Asked Tenchi, almost begging.
"I'm afraid I am." They were all silent for a moment and then
Kiyone's head
darted up.
"Now who's wasting time!?" They all turned towards her. "Come on
guys! So
Washu can't navigate it, so what!? Anaru lives here, so
apparently there's a
way!"
"Your right." Agreed Tenchi.
"Well of course!" Said Kiyone with a smile.
"Let's go." Said Mihoshi, waving her arm in the direction of the
nearest
passage.
"Hmmm.... Mihoshi, You want to go right?" Asked Washu.
"Yea." Said Mihoshi.
"Then we should definitely go left!" They all agreed and ran
down the hall.
Only to find another fork on the road.
"So, now where?" Asked Aeka looking about.
"Guys, I think we should go right." Protested Mihoshi.
"Left it is then!" Cried Kiyone. Mihoshi just sighed and
followed them.
After a while of this, Mihoshi going one way, the others going
the exact
opposite,
until finally they came upon a door. Taking a deep breath,
Tenchi threw open
the door, sword ready.
"The bathroom." Said Sasami, slowly, as if not even believing
her eyes.
-All- "Sigh."
"Hurry!"
They ran on. Eventually they came across another door. Tenchi
kicked it
open.
"The kitchen." Said Sasami.
"Ughhh!" Screamed Tenchi starting to become both afraid, and
annoyed.
Running down the endless halls was starting to get to him. What
if he wasn't
there in time to Ryoko? Was he truly never again to see the cyan
beauty
again? And what of her dear carrot consuming pet? What if Anaru
got them?
What if he couldn't save them?
<No! No I won't let that happen! > With a bolt he was down the
hall.
<I’ve got to find them. >
When he reached the next door he almost threw himself into it.
"Come on!" He
screamed. "Open!"
He opened it and looked into the room. He walked inside and
found himself in
Anaru's bedroom.
"NO, NO, NO!" He bolted out of the room and down the hall.
"I believe there is something wrong with lord Tenchi." Said Aeka
thoughtfully, having just witnessed his unusual outburst and odd
behavior.
"I believe your right." Said Washu, also concerned.
"Maybe he's just scared." Suggested Sasami.
"Maybe." Replied Aeka not pleased with the solution. <I have not
seen Tenchi
act like that...>
Mihoshi interrupted her thoughts.
"Um... Miss Aeka...."
Aeka looked around to find herself the last one still standing
in the hall.
Embarrassed she turned to Mihoshi, who was standing a bit ahead
waiting.
"Oh. Oh yes, quite. Let's go."

Tenchi ran faster that day then he ever knew he could run. His
thoughts were
a blur. He couldn't reason, he couldn't think. He couldn’t
dispel the fear.
The knot of gut turning, head spinning, uncontrollable fear. He
had to get
Ryoko back, he had to! If he didn't... he didn't want to think
of that.
"Where are they?!" He screamed.
"Tenchi," Said Aeka quietly, putting her hand on his shoulder.
"Tenchi I
understand what you’re going through. We're all worried about
Ryoko. But we
must try to stay calm. It's been a long day and it's just
getting longer.
The lack of direction in this place isn't helping. But none of
us will do
any good to anyone just running around this place aimlessly."
“Your right Aeka.” Said Tenchi slightly lowering his head. “But
you don't
understand. I caused this all!”
“Tenchi, it's not your fault. She did this on her own.”
“I know, I know. But," He said helplessly. “I just feel like
there's
something I could have done!”
“There wasn't.” Said Aeka firmly.
“I can't explain, but I just know that if something happens to
Ryoko....
I...I can't explain it. I'll just lose my mind!”
Aeka just stared thoughtfully at Tenchi, confused.
Before she could ask any question they were interrupted by a
voice.
“Hey, Come on you two!” Yelled Kiyone. “The others are way ahead
of us!"
-Both-  "Right!"

“Tenchi,” Said Aeka, running along side him as they darted down
the
passageways. “What did you mean back there? I'm mean you sounded
as if you
were ready to commit suicide if Ryoko died. I'm not pointing
fingers or
anything, but I never thought you cared *that* much about her.”
“I told you Aeka I can't explain it. It's as if I've developed a
closer
relationship with her just running down these halls! I feel
closer to her
now then I have since she came to live with us!”
Aeka said nothing. (I mean what is she supposed to say?)
“Hey you guys, look!”
They all turned to where Sasami stood.
Tenchi gasped. He stood in front of a giant iron door that he
knew, don't
ask us how, was the room in which Ryoko and Anaru fought. He
couldn't
explain it, but he knew.
“That's it!” He screamed, running towards the door.
“How do you know?” Aeka called after him.
“I just know!”
Washu just shrugged and followed, it was good enough for her.
As Tenchi reached the door he caught his breath. Slowly he
raised his hands
and pushed the incredible doors open, his eyes widened at what
he beheld.
He stood in a huge room, rather oddly furnished, with giant
windows. But it
only held his attention for a moment. For then he saw Ryoko.
Hanging from
were she was, limp and motionless in Anaru's cold grasp. It took
every ounce
of common sense and will power in him not to scream. Something
clicked
inside of him. He ran towards Anaru. Through his horror and fear
he felt
another force inside of him. Something as strong and as forth
going as the
fear, as his anger, as anything. It was more a realization then
a true
emotion. Whether it was because he was looking at the fear that
had
controlled him in the passageways, or something else he may
never now. But
it didn't matter. All that mattered at that moment was stopping
it. He had
to stop this! He had to save Ryoko!
“Put her down Anaru!” He screamed.
The others had reached the door by then. Washu, who was ahead of
the others,
let out a gasp.
“RYOKO!” She cried, mortified. She just stood paralyzed, for the
first time
in her life not knowing what to do. She felt much as she had
when her
husband and child had been taken as well. She winced at the
painful memory.
In so many ways Ryoko was her child. In so many ways. And there
she was just
hanging...
“TENCHI!!!” She screamed. “Tenchi please!!!”
As if reading her thoughts he gave her a kind, reassuring smile
and turned
to Anaru, who had turned her dark eyes on him. With one deft
motion she let
go of Ryoko. She fell for what seemed to Tenchi an eternity,
then hit the
ground.
“Ryoko!” He cried. He darted towards her just to be stopped by a
dark blade
that appeared before his face.
His arms, which were no more then a few inches from Ryoko,
slowly drew back.
At the abrupt upturned jerk that Anaru's blade made, he rose.
“So you are Tenchi.” She said cool, calm way. “I've been looking
forward to
meeting you. You must be some guy to have Ryoko barrel out here
to risk HER
life just to save you.”
“I swear Anaru if you've hurt her....” Said Tenchi darkly. He
looked
straight ahead ignoring the blade held under his chin. Anaru
burst into
laughter.
“Oh no Tenchi! I haven’t hurt her at all!” Said Anaru, still
laughing.
“She's just fine.” Then turning her head to face him she added,
“Why don't
you just ask her?”
Tenchi swallowed hard, reminding himself about the sword under
his neck. <It
will do me no good to lose my temper.> But one look at Ryoko,
the thought
that she might never say those words to him, that she may never
be “Just
fine”...
“I wonder, just what do you think sees in you, hmmm? What is it
about you
that has her willing to give her life for you, do you think?”
Tenchi was
surprised to hear a hint of honest curiosity in her voice.
“You’d better hope that she's okay, Anaru.”
“Oh?”
“If she's not, I swear.” He said clenching his fist.
“And just what are you going to do about it?” Anaru laughed.
“Well I'll give
you one thing, you’re brave. If not stupid. Oh well.”
The other's, who had been standing to the side for fear that any
actions on
there part might provoke Tenchi's death, watched in horror as
she raised her
sword and prepared to strike. Except for Washu, who no longer
suffered from
her paralysis. She darted towards Tenchi. She gave one mighty
shove. (A
shove one might have not have thought her capable of because of
her size.)
Anaru's blade raised and made perfect contact. On Washu. The
blow that had
been aimed for Tenchi's neck neatly split the jumping midget’s
stomach, mid
air. Gasping she hit the ground.
“WASHU!!!!!! WASHU!!! OH NO!!!!!” Tenchi ran to where she lay.
“Washu!
Washu!”
Wrapping her arm around her stomach she struggled to her feet.
“I'm okay.
Don't worry Tenchi.”
He stared at her with growing respect.
“Please, save Ryoko.” He gave a quick nod and turned towards
Anaru, who
stared with agitation at Washu.
“Stupid girl.” She muttered.  "Well I guess your Washu.” She
said in a
louder voice.
“I am.” Said Washu blankly.
“Your Ryoko's mother?”
“You could say that.”
“I get it. You don't want your precious baby to get hurt. Am I
right?”
“Let her go.”
“Why don't you make me?” She smiled evilly. “Maybe if you stand
on you
tip-toes you can bite my hip.” She burst into laughter as Washu
growled with
agitation.
<She's right I feel so use-less! >
“Well,” Said a voice behind her. “Maybe Washu can't fight you
but I can!”
Washu turned to see Aeka stepping from the crowd. “I didn't come
hear just
to watch you hurt people you know.”
“Oh. Don't be jealous. You'll get your turn. But first.” She
headed towards
Tenchi, who was picking up Ryoko. “Put her down! This is MY
fight!!!!
However, if you’d like to finish ours,” She pulled her foot back
and with
force sent it careening into Ryoko’s side. Sending her flying
across the
room and into the wall. With a thud Ryoko hit the Wall and then
fell, limp,
to the floor.
“Ryoko!” Screamed Tenchi. He wanted to run to her and help her
up but Anaru
stood in his path.
“That’s right. You’ll have to get through me to get to your girl
friend.”
“Anaru…” The name seethed out of Tenchi’s mouth. He stood up and
drew his
sword.
“RYOKO!” Screamed Sasami. “Ryoko!” She lowered her head; the
small crest on
her forehead began to glow.
“I’m coming Tenchi!” Screamed Aeka. She ran to were Tenchi
stood, hoping to
help. Aeka did not see her sister. Sasami closed her eyes, the
crest still
glowing.

Ryoko heard noises. She looked around but could see nothing.
Blackness.
Everywhere she looked she saw nothing but emptiness. She stood
up.
{Where am I? Where's Tenchi?} She heard her voice echo through
the darkness.
{Tenchi? Tenchi where are you?} She heard a scream. She knew
that scream.
Washu? Was she hurt? {Where are they? Why can't I help them?!}
She heard a
voice.
“Don't worry Tenchi.” That voice! She knew that voice! It was
Washu! She
heard another voice.
“I’m coming Tenchi!” Aeka?
“The voice you heard was Aeka’s.” Said yet another voice.
“Though you do not
see, you are witnessing the battle for your life.”
“Who…who’s there?” A light appeared in front of Ryoko. It began
to shine. It
got brighter and brighter until it was unbearable. Ryoko closed
her eyes and
looked away. She turned back, and there, before her was a
figure. A figure
she knew all to well. Though she who it was, she didn’t.
Something deep
inside of her told her not to be afraid, that she knew this
person, but at
the moment Ryoko didn’t feel like taking chances.
“Who are you?”
“My name is Tsunami.”
“Tsu…Tsu…Tsunami?”
“Yes. But I can not possibly expect you to know that. After all
you’ve been
through it’s not surprising that you’ve forgotten me. I’m sure
I’m the last
thing on your mind right now.” Ryoko stared a moment. Then she
began to
understand.
“Sasami?”
“Yes. That is a name you know me by. I believe Sasami has
explained it to
you.”
“Tsunami… wait Sasami said something about that didn’t she?!!”
Tsunami
smiled.
“I’m glad you remember.”
“I do! But,” She said clutching her head. “It, it’s all so
fuzzy.”
“That’s because you’re dead.”
“WHAT!?”
“I’m sorry to speak so crudely. You are not dead. But you will
be in a few
minutes. Your body is gone. You can not survive. You’ve been
beaten badly
and it’s taking it’s toll.”
“You…you mean I’m DEAD?!” She stared at her hands in wonder.
“No. You are not dead. I am trying to explain this to you but
it’s hard.
Your body’s very hurt. No medic can save you. Especially not in
the middle
of space.”
Ryoko was silent for a minute, then stared at Tsunami.
“Where’s Tenchi?”
“Look.” Tsunami pointed to a space in the darkness that suddenly
a light
appeared it was like opening a window. Because there he was.
Looking through
that small break in the darkness she could see the battle raging
on. There
was Tenchi waving his sword at Anaru, diving towards her and
missing. Aeka
was there. As Tenchi lunged she put a shield about them before
Anaru could
counter attack. She watched them for a minute then turned to
Tsunami.
“Tell… tell Tenchi that I love him.” She said, taking the whole
death thing
kind of hard.
“Why don’t you tell him?” Startled Ryoko stared at her.
“I told you, you’re not dead. But you’re slipping fast. Your
body’s dying.
If we let it die, you’ll go with it.”
“But you said…”
“I said that no doctor can help you. Ryoko, only you can save
yourself.”
Ryoko stared at her.
“The only one who can save you is you. Please Ryoko. You are
alive! All you
have to do is keep it that way. You were out cold. You would
have stayed
that way if you hadn’t been woken up. That’s why I’m here.
Ryoko, open your
eyes.”
“What?”
“You don’t have to die! You can beat Anaru! Or at least live
until Tenchi
does! You can live to tell Tenchi how much you love him. You can
live to
tease Aeka, and let my food get cold.” She smiled at this. Then
she heard
the little Sasami’s voice.
“Please Ryoko, please!” Begged the young girl.
“There are people who care about you and need you to live.” Said
Tsunami.
“Look at Washu!”
She did. Ryoko saw the small women, her mother. She saw her
sitting in the
middle of Anaru’s ship, bleeding.
“You aren’t going to die. Unless you let your-self. Please,
Ryoko open your
eyes.”
“What?”  Then Ryoko heard Sasami’s voice again.
“Open your eyes!”
“Please Ryoko.” Ryoko looked into Tsunami’s kind face and
smiled.
“Yes, of course! My eyes! I will! In the name of @#$! I will!
Thank you.
Tsunami, Thank you.”

A light, a blinding light, struck Ryoko. With more pain then she
thought
physically possible; she sat up and looked around. She was
sitting on the
ground, (Suspiciously near a wall.) in a space ship. It only
took a few
seconds for her to figure out whose.
<I’m alive, yes! I’m alive! > She heard a shout.
She hissed in the pain it took to move her neck, but when she
did, she
forgot everything else. There he was. There was Tenchi. There he
was,
fighting, for her! Then she saw Aeka; she was holding a weak
looking shield
about her and Tenchi. She was panting. <She looks tired. >
Thought Ryoko
with a growing sense of doom. Had she survived just to die at
the feet of
Anaru, again?! Her eyes fell on Tenchi. He took a step back and
raised his
sword. Anaru just smiled arrogantly back raising her own sword.
He raised
his sword to attack, but Anaru was faster. She whirled, and hit
Aeka with an
energy blast. Screaming she fell to the ground.
“Tenchi!!!!” Cried Aeka. Ryoko watched as Tenchi’s last defense
hit the
ground. For it hadn’t taken her long to realize what a battle
she’d missed.
Every-one, Even Sasami lay on the floor. Some weren’t hurt very
badly, but
in no condition to fight. Mihoshi and Kiyone just lay on the
ground next to
each other, guns still in hand. Sasami was sitting up, like
herself, but had
a red mark on her cheek. Anaru had probably just whapped her
one. (It made
her very mad to think of Anaru hitting that poor girl.) Washu
still sat were
she had seen her before, on the ground holding her wound. A
distant look in
her eye. Ryoko watched in horror as Anaru picked up Tenchi by
the neck.
(Much like Anaru had done to Ryoko.) She lifted him up to her
dark cool
eyes, and smiled.
“Well, Tenchi, I must say I’m disappointed. They sure fussed
enough about
you. Gosh, the way these girls carried on, you were made of gold
or
something. And you were easy enough to beat, once that annoying
girl was
gone. What was her name, Aeka? Well any way, she’s gone. And
you, you are no
match for me. Like I said, I’m disappointed. Oh well.” She
raised her sword
and leveled it to his face, preparing to attack. “Good-bye,
Tenchi.”
“Anaru wait!” Anaru turned slowly to an all too familiar voice.
She froze,
dropping Tenchi. Her eyes widened at the site of Ryoko,
desperately
struggling to her feet. “Anaru, Anaru stop!”
“Ryoko!” Screamed a relieved Tenchi.
“Anaru please. Please stop! There’s no need to hurt him! Please
let him go!
You have me, that’s what you wanted. Just let him go! Please
Anaru!”
“Ryoko! Your alive?!” Anaru stared in surprise for a moment then
closed her
eyes and smiled at Ryoko.
“Well I have to admit, I’m impressed. I was sure I’d finally
gotten rid of
you that time! I guess I was wrong. I’ll just have to finish the
job! Oh,
and Ryoko,” She said with a malicious smile. “You know what the
best part
is? Now that you’re alive you get to WITNESS the death of your
beloved
Tenchi. Which is perfect because I was just thinking what a
shame it was
that you died before you got to see what happened to all of your
friends.
Now how should I kill this boy? Maybe I should kill him the way
I killed
that little pet of yours? Hmmm?”
Ryoko gasped and looked for Ryo-ohki. She found Ryo-ohki and
screamed.
“Oh no! Ryo-ohki!!” The poor, precious cabbit lay on floor not
to far from
her, her tiny little face bloody and bruised. Ryoko’s only
comfort was that
she lay in Sasami’s lap. Anaru laughed at Ryoko’s reaction and
smiled with
evil pleasure.
“Yes Ryoko, now back to the question,” Ryoko turned slowly, the
fear and
hatred inside of her threatened to consume her entirely.
“Since you get to watch, and since it’s the last thing you’ll
ever see, I’m
willing to let you decide. What should I do to Tenchi? Should I
stab him or
just blow him to pieces? Your choice.” (She had Tenchi by the
neck again.)
“Or should I kill your mother first? Decisions, decisions.”
Ryoko shuddered.
She was having trouble controlling herself. (Can any-one blame
her?) Every
word Anaru said, every evil threat and every drop of blood on
her friends
face, everything was taking it’s toll. Every time Anaru spoke
she felt a
chill, and anger. She began to breathe heavily, her pulse
quickened, her
veins became noticeable. Anaru was not helping herself.
“Well they’ll get their chance in the meantime I’ll get rid of
you.” She
tightened her grip on Tenchi, she laughed and formed a ball of
energy in her
hand and drew back her hand to release it.
“Goodbye, Tenchi darling.” Mocked Anaru. It was the last straw.
“NO!!!! NO!!! Anaru put him down!!!!!!!”
Anaru whirled around. Ryoko was hovering, just above the ground;
her head
was hanging somewhat downward, her eyes were hazed over, Anaru
wasn’t even
sure if she was in control.
“Anaru… don’t hurt him… don’t you dare hurt him!!! LEAVE THEM
ALONE!!!”
Anaru stared at her adversary, surprised.
She raised her head and screamed.
“ANARU! PUT HIM DOWN!” In a lower voice she added, “Anaru, if
you don’t put
him down…” Her voice trailed off.
“And what will you do? Throw your dead boyfriend at me?” Tenchi
clenched his
fist in anger. Slowly but surely he reached towards his sword.
With the
proper distraction, (Ryoko.) Anaru shouldn’t notice. By this
time Mihoshi &
Kiyone were struggling to their feet. On wobbling and unsteady
legs, Kiyone
raised her blaster. Her hand shook a bit, but her aim didn’t
suffer to badly
for it. She leveled her gun and took a shot.
Anaru gasped in pain and grabbed her back, putting her guard
down. Tenchi
grabbed the sword and brought it up with power. Anaru screamed
and stumbled
back. Her arm slit half open. She brought her head slowly up,
her eyes wild.
“You…you cut me.” Tenchi stood his ground and raised his sword.
She just
smiled and stood silently for a moment the launched a suprise
attack on
Tenchi. She raised her hand and a huge ball energy went hurdling
towards
Tenchi.
He raised his sword in an attempt to block it, but he failed. He
held it
back for only a few moments, then went hurdling back himself.
“TENCHI!!!!!!” Screamed Ryoko. “That was a mistake you won’t
live to regret
Anaru!” She slowly raised her fist gathering energy, then with a
scream
brought them down with phenomenal force. Releasing the energy.
She screamed
loudly, leaving Tenchi to guess from what, pain or the energy
rapidly
dispelling from her body. A wave of power swept through the
ship, sweeping
the weakened Kiyone and Mihoshi off there feet. It flung Aeka
clear across
the room and left Sasami, (Still holding Ryo-ohki.) clinging for
all she was
worth to the wall. Washu, who braced herself with a sheild,
frantically
stumbled to her feet.
<No Ryoko, no! > She thought with mortification. <No, she can’t
take this! >
Anaru began losing her footing.
“No you Fool!” She screamed frantically. “You fool you’ll
destroy the ship!”
“I won’t let you get away Anaru, not this time…
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” She dispelled an even stronger wave,
Anaru barely
hung on.
<What is Ryoko doing? > Thought Washu with horror. <She’s using
all her
energy! >
Anaru clutched on to a pillar, losing her grip.
<What’s going on? Where did Ryoko get this power?!>
“You’ll never win Anaru.” Said a somewhat shaky voice.
“You won’t win.”
<She sounds tired…> Anaru smiled in smug satisfaction. <She’ll
never keep
this up.>
<I’m losing power! Oh no! I’ve used all my energy and the only
ones I’ve
hurt are Tenchi and the others! What am I going to do?!> Ryoko
closed her
eyes and very slowly started to land on the ground. Anaru saw
this and
smiled. She let go of the pillar and began to walk towards
Ryoko.
Then something happened. Ryoko’s gems began to glow.
She stared at her wrists, the gems grew brighter. Then Ryoko
understood. She
smiled and then gasped at the tremendous surge of energy that
ran through
her. Her hair blew back and she screamed. But it wasn’t from the
energy this
time. She stumbled back her pain unbearable. The power surged
through her
injured body and stressed her muscles too far. She screamed. A
scream that
tore into Tenchi’s heart. “Ryoko.” He said his eyes fixed on
her.
<She sounds like she’s in pain. >
“Washu! Washu can you help her?!”
“No Tenchi. No one can. Ughh!! What is she doing! She knows this
is too
much!!! She’s too hurt!!!”
Tenchi stared at Washu and then back at Ryoko.
<Ryoko. Ryoko what are you doing!!??>
“Good-bye Anaru!!!” Ryoko slowly drew her arms together and put
her hands in
a circle.
“This is it for you!!!” A small ball of energy began to grow. It
grew bigger
and bigger until Ryoko lunged it at Anaru. Anaru crossed her
arms to defend
herself. Pointlessly. Anaru screamed as the blast hit and sent
her hurdling
through the glass and out her beloved windows. She disappeared,
her scream
lingering. Ryoko stared for a minute; her legs wobbled then gave
out. She
dropped to the ground this caught her.
“Ryoko!” He screamed. He ran to her and gently picked her up,
holding her
with care in his arms.
“Anaru’s gone, she’s actually gone!” Ryoko smiled happily. “I
don’t believe
it! It’s over, it’s actually over! Didn’t think I’d see the end
of that
one!”
“Ryoko.” Tenchi said keeping happy tears from his eyes. Then he
smiled at
her. “What you kidding? You die? Oh come on. I can’t get rid of
you that
easily, can I?”
Ryoko laughed. A weak laugh, but it felt good.
“No way Tenchi! You’re not getting off that easily. I just
wish…” Her voice
trailed off. He looked at her his smile starting to fade.
“Ryoko…”
“It’s a shame Tenchi, it really is. You’re a bit late.”
“Ryoko don’t talk like that! You’re just fine! I’m not late for
anything!”
“Do you know, Tenchi, do you know what I was thinking about
before you got
here?”
He bit back more tears. He knew. He didn’t want to admit it and
he didn’t
want to think about it, but he knew.
“What Ryoko?” He said trying not to cry.
“I was just thinking about how I would never be so mean again.”
He stared at
her, not quite sure what to say.
“What… what do you mean?”
“The way Anaru laughed at me, the she mocked me, I’ll never do
it again.”
She smiled and looked to Aeka, who was by this time on her feet
and looking
on the scene with as much pain as Tenchi. <He really does care
about her…>
“Hear that princess?” Ryoko interrupted her thoughts.
She looked at Ryoko with a startled glance.
“What?”
“I guess you have it easy either way. It’s a shame, I really was
going to be
nicer to you. Kinda of scary. Oh, And Aeka, Those things I said
to you all
the things I did, I’m sorry.”
“Pa…pa…pardon me?”
“Well I guess you win. Hey Sasami,”
“Yes Ryoko.”
“Make sure she doesn’t annoy Tenchi too much, Okay?”
Sasami smiled, though obviously upset.
“Okay.” She promised
“Oh and Sasami,”
She looked once more at Ryoko.
“Yes?”
“Thanks.” Ryoko smiled and Sasami smiled back at the secret only
they
shared.
“No problem.”
She smiled at the sweet hearted princess.
“Good-bye Aeka. Won’t miss you much but what the @#*.”
“Hey Ryoko don’t talk like that!” Cried Tenchi clutching her
tightly.
“You’re not going anywhere but home! And that’s a fact!”
“Hey Tenchi, relax. I’m fine. Seeing you again, just one more
time, has made
me happier then I ever thought I could be. I was sure I’d never
see you
again, sure that I’d die alone. All alone.” Tears burst into her
eyes. “Just
like I was those seven hundred years in that cave.”
Tears rolled down Tenchi’s eyes.
“Ryoko, Ryoko don’t worry. You won’t ever be alone again.
Never.”
“Tenchi,” She smiled softly. “I’m so glad your okay. I’m so glad
you’re
here. I can’t think of a better way to die. I’m here, in your
arms, I’m
looking at your face. I’m happy. Strange, but I have never felt
closer to
you, then right now. Right here. Battling Anaru I felt closer to
you then I
ever have. Weird, Huh?”
Aeka drew in her breath and the memory of earlier that day
flashed through
her mind.
{I told you Aeka I can’t explain it. It’s like I’ve developed a
closer
relationship with her just running down these halls! I feel
closer to her
now then I have since she came to live with us.}   She stared on
in horror
as Tenchi recognized also. He smiled sweetly down at her.
“Not that weird.”
She smiled back at him.
“This really means a lot to me Tenchi. I’m so happy to see you
again. So
happy. If only for a while.”
“Don’t say that!”
She looked up at him, startled by the ferociousness of his tone.
“You are going to be just fine! Do you hear me! Just fine!”
A single tear rolled down her eye. Until now had been facing her
death with
an utmost sereneness. She couldn’t really explain it, but a
calmness that
she didn’t understand consumed her. Until now. There was really
no way
around it, she was going to die. She didn’t want to. She wanted
to live, she
wanted to live with Tenchi. But now that he was here, now that
he wanted to
live with HER, she couldn’t take it.
“No Tenchi I’m not.”
He bit back his tears. (Again.)
“I’m not going to be okay, I’m not going to live, I’m not going
to get to
live with you.” She began crying a steady flow of silent tears.
“I’m not going to get a second chance,” She turned and smiled at
Sasami, who
smiled back through her own tears. “I’ve had mine. Haven’t I
Sasami?”
Tenchi looked from Ryoko to Sasami confused.
“Ryoko…”
“Please Tenchi, don’t say anything else. Nothing we can say can
change
anything. Nothing. It can only make it more painful.”
“Washu?” He asked turning towards her. “Washu isn’t there
anything you can
do?”
She shook her head silently. She put her hand on Tenchi’s
shoulder. He
stared at Ryoko who was starting to doze. But as he watched her,
he knew she
wasn’t going to sleep.
“That last attack took everything she had. Everything.” Said
Washu quietly.
Tears streamed down her eyes. “There’s nothing we can do Tenchi.
Nothing.”
They both turned to Ryoko lowering her eyelids.
“Ryoko, please don’t die. Please!”
She opened her eyes at being spoken to.
“Ryoko please! I need you!”
“Tenchi.”
“Please don’t die! I’m begging you!”
“I’m sorry Tenchi. I really am!” Ryoko, who had stopped, started
crying
again.
“I’m so sorry Tenchi.”
“Ryoko, please. I… I love you.” Tenchi was as startled at this
realization
as the others. Ryoko’s eyes widened and she stared at Tenchi
intently.
“You…you do?”
“I…I do. I do! I realize now that I always have. I just didn’t
know it.
Please Ryoko. I’m so sorry. Can you ever forgive me? Keeping you
all waiting
on me all this time. Waiting for me to choose. I’m the reason
you’re here
now. I’m so sorry. I just didn’t want to make a decision, I was
always
afraid I’d make the wrong one. I’ve never liked making
decisions. Not until
I’m completely sure. I just couldn’t decide. I wasn’t sure how I
felt about
you or Aeka. But now I realize deep down inside, I’ve always
loved you
Ryoko. Please Ryoko, don’t leave me now.”
Ryoko was weeping like she never knew she could before.
“Tenchi.” She was afraid to say more. Her heart felt like it
might burst at
any minute. She decided to risk it.
“Tenchi…”
“Ryoko.”
“Tenchi I thought I was happy before… but this… You’ll never
know. You don’t
know happy I am, you just don’t know. Tenchi when I saw you
again I thought
I could die happy, because I was, but now I’m afraid I’ll just
die from
happiness. Tenchi.” She stared up at his face.
“You love me, you really love me. I didn’t believe it possible,
but you
really love me!” Ryoko wept and wept and wept.  Tenchi also
wept. His tears
intermingled with hers and the joy and sadness made a puddle on
the floor.
Tenchi was not the only one who wept sad tears that day.
Aeka, forgotten and miserable she stared at the bane and the
love of her
life together. In love. It couldn’t be true.  Her tears, of the
most
ultimate pain, hit the ground.
<How? How can he love her? How can this be real?>
Aeka was not the only forgotten one though.
It seemed Tenchi and Ryoko had forgotten everything. Everything
but each
other.
Through his tears he stared at her.
“Ryoko please don’t die. You just can’t die! It can’t be true!
Please Ryoko!
I love you, I need you! You can’t die!”
She hardly even heard him.  Miserably Tenchi stared at the
weeping women.
In a silent whisper that only she heard.
“If only I’d known Ryoko. I just wish this wasn’t the end. At
last I know.
But now it’s to late.”
“It isn’t over yet Tenchi. It’s not the end. I’ll see again one
day.” Louder
she spoke.
“Until then you’ll have the princess to keep you company. Isn’t
that right
Aeka?  Oh, and mom,” (This word was said with no sarcasm.) Washu
looked down
to her daughter
“Bye. Though Tenchi,”
She said, for a moment her old self shone through.
“You sure could have taken longer.” He smiled.
“Sorry about that.”
She smiled at him; a smile that said it all. All that was
unsaid, all that
she felt, all that she was. She smiled a moment longer, then
smiled no
longer.
Her head fell back, her hands fell to her sides.
Tenchi felt her go limp in his hands. He also felt his heart
jump to his
throat, and shatter when it fell back down.
“Ryoko.” He whispered.  The worst was that her eyelids never
closed. And
that look, the soul racking emptiness that portrayed her eyes as
nothing
more then empty holes, would haunt him forever. With a trembling
hand he
gently, using the tips of his finger, closed one eyelid after
another. The
once bright feline eyes, now so dull and empty. He felt, as he
shut those
eyes, that he was shutting Ryoko’s life. For he knew, once
closed they would
never open again. It took all the strength his broken heart
could muster.
Gently he closed her eyes, her beautiful amber eyes that had
once seemed to
literally glow.
The eyes that had once so brilliantly resounded,
Ryoko’s fire.