***Disclaimer- I do not own tenchi or any of the characters, Pioneer
Animation and AIC does, so please do not sue me.****


Ryoko's True Love Prologue

It was 3:30p.m. at the Masaki residence, and Ayeka and Ryoko were at it
again.

"OH RYOKO, JUST SHUT UP!!!" screamed Ayeka.

"No, Why do I have to shut up if your the one who started this, you know
Tenchi likes me better." replied Ryoko.

"Now why on Earth would he want a PIRATE instead of a beautiful princess?!"

"He doesn't want you he wants me, now SHUT UP!!" yelled Ryoko.

Just then Washu stepped out on the deck and screamed, "YOU SHUT UP BEFORE I
COME DOWN THERE AND SHUT YOU TWO UP!!!"

Thats when the arguement ended. Washu walked inside. Tenchi replied, "Thank
you Little Washu, my head was about to explode."

"Oh my, that wouldn't be good. I don't think I could ever fix that." Washu
laughed.

"Oh gee Little Washu, thanks." Tenchi walks away.

Just then Ryoko walked into the house, Washu gives her a dirty look.

"WHAT?!"

"You know what. " exclaimed Washu.

"No, I don't know what, tell me..."

"Every day you and Ayeka have to start a fight. Why do you start fights
every morning. Please tell so next time you start one I  will use a
megaphone so I don't wear out my lungs. Ok?" asked Washu.

"I never start them it's ALWAYS Ayeka's fault. So ask her!"exclaimed Ryoko.

"Whatever you say, I guess?! I got to go, I have work to do in my lab."

"Ok, bye Little Washu."

"EXCUSE me young lady?!"

"Fine, MOM!!" said Ryoko with trouble.

Washu went up to here lab and started to work. All of a sudden there was a
loud crash. Everyone ran up to Washu's lab, but she asked what they were
there for and what was that  loud noise. Everyone shrugged there shoulders.

"Wait..., where's Ryo-ohki? Uh Oh." said Ryoko.

But it wasn't Ryo-ohki she was fast asleep in here little cabbit house. They
were all very curious now, what could it be they were all wondering? Then
they noticed that Tenchi wasn't there either. They went up to Tenchi's room
and saw him laying on the floor. He started to get up.

"OUCH!!" yelled Tenchi.

"What happened?" asked Sasami.

"Well I layed down to take a nap and I was having this weird dream, but I
will tell you it later, and next thing I know....BAM! I fell out of my bed."

"Tenchi do need one of those things that up put on the bed so you don't fall
out?" asked Sasami.

Everyone one laughed including Tenchi. Just then Ayeka walked in.

"Hey why is everyone in Tenchi's room?" asked Ayeka.

"Oh nothing of your concern Ayeka." replied Ryoko.

"Every thing is my comcern,  I am the PRINCESS REMEMBER!!! Now tell me whats
going on?"

"If you must know, Tenchi fell out of bed." said Sasami.

Running towards him, she leans over to help him up. "Oh let me help you, you
poor---." she was then interrupted by Ryoko. Ryoko then pushed her out of
the way and helped Tenchi up. Ryoko smiled at Ayeka, Ayeka just turned
around adn went down to the livingroom and mubbled to herself. After all
that was over Washu walked downstairs to make supper for the bunch,

"Uh uh.... thanks Ryoko I guess, but I really didn't need your help."
exclaimed Tenchi.

"Its ok Tenchi I know you didn't need any help I just didn't want HER to
help you." laughed Ryoko.

Just while that was happening Washu yelled supper. Everyone ran downstairs
and mowed the food. At the dinner table Ryoko and Ayeka had another fight.
This time it was about who was going to sit by Tenchi. At the dinner
table Tenchi explained his dream.

"I was walking through the house when I heard Ryoko scream, I started
running to the living room, and found her laying on the floor. I asked her
what happened and she didn't reply back. I
reached down to check her pulse, and she didn't have any pulse, and I didn't
see her breathing either. So I called Little Washu down and she was in
shock. We took Ryoko up to Washu's Lab."

"WAIT...You took me up to her lab!! No way." Ryoko yelled.

"Never mind her Tenchi, go on. Then what happened." Little Washu.

"Anyway, we took Ryoko up to Washu's Lab. We layed her down on the Operating
Table, and took some blood. After sticking the needle in her arm, she woke
up! Ryoko started to act weird, and jumped off
the table. We then chased her out of the house and out to a the Carrot
Fields. We saw Ryo-ohki there, she was into her space ship form. Ryoko ran
into Ryo-ohki
and took off...After that I fell out of bed." Tenchi explained.

"Wow that was one weird dream Tenchi." Sasami replied.

"Well anyway lets eat!" Washu said.

End Of Prologue