This is your standard disclaimer.
I don't own these characters nor do I posses 
Any right to them. These characters are the sole rights of Pioneer and AIC,
So please don't sue me for letting you see my side of the story

IF u want the next chapter out really SOON u SHOULD REVIEW
I included a song and no it does not belong to me.
Ok on to the fan fiction:
Sorry it took so long, but I have been busy.... really busy...
--------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 6: "Legends Live"

--------------------------------------------------------------

Recall the last chapter when Ryoko protects Tenchi with the Light Hawk Wings.
On Ryoko the Goddess symbols on her forehead and her many wings spread in front of her.
She was. Beautiful. Tenchi was waiting his last moment on earth, but it never came.
He waited but the waiting turned into seconds the minutes. He decided to open his eyes,
he could not believe what was before him. Ryoko...with the light hawk wings.She had
a goddess like clothing on. He thought thathe was dreaming this could not be possible.

Then the demon spoke,
"Tenchi are you ok??"

So many thoughts were running threw Ryoko's mind right now. The biggest question was HOW??
Why did this happen. She had heard a voice saying to 'Believe' and she did and next thing you know 
she was in front of Tenchi w/ the Light Hawk Wings in front of her. She was confused.

"Y..yeah...I think..." Tenchi said noticing that Ryoko looked as equally confused as he was.

"So, this IS a sudden turn of events" noted the shadowed man.

Ryoko looked at him with the utmost loath. She was mad. No one was going to hurt HER Tenchi.
She swallowed down her doubts and spoke,
"NO one touches this family and gets away with it"

The figured just looked at her and laughed,"You don't even know how to use those"
He referred to the Light Hawk Wings. This was the first time she had used them so
it was expected that she have no clue what to do. Ryoko knew that it was all true.


*****Running through the middle of a hurricane
In a completely dreamless Dark night
Don't worry, we're with you.
 You are not all by yourself
Thunder and lightning, run away to you and they will explain
that we are all here for you, We believe you
Let ten thousand (v)bolts say it, We believe you*****


Yet she was never one to give up,"Don't underestimate me"

She closed her eyes, focused her thoughts and feelings. A blue ball of energy appeared
before her Wings. Once she deemed it strong enough she let go, aiming it at the man.
The man saw this and simply held his hand out and caught the ball. Ryoko stood stunned.

The figure just laughed,"I told you that with or without your Wings you are no match for me"
Then he took the ball of blue energy and shot it right back at Ryoko. He was aiming straight
for a hit to her weak point, Tenchi. Once again Ryoko stood in front of Tenchi, waiting.
Then it came, she had gotten her own weapon go against her. The force was incredible.
Ryoko was not destroyed but she was knocked off her feet. She didn't know what to do.

Washu lay on the ground, but not severely injured. When she saw Ryoko, she knew 
that the time had come. Ryoko had to accept her Destiny. As her mother she was worried,
afraid that Ryoko would not come back after this. Then she realized her feelings and found that
no matter how tough things are, you must never give up hope. She said to her daughter,
"I believe in you Ryoko" Ryoko heard this and turned around.

Her mother looked hurt badly to her yet Ryoko could she a shine of hope in her. That hope was
for her, Ryoko. She smiled at her mother.


***** Increasing our power are natural forces
Because everyone is here with you now
The earth and the forest are here! 
The grass and the trees are here!
It's all right now We Believe you.
We'll all fight now We Believe you.
For what's right now We Believe you
.We all believe in you.*****


Aeka also just lay there, injured. She couldn't believe her eyes. She was doubting any of this 
was real. But something told her no matter how much she tried to hide it, this was real.
Ryoko HAD saved Tenchi. She still despised the Space Pirate but in her heart she knew
that she was right for Tenchi. She, the Princess Of Jurai, on behave of Tenchi, had to 
believe in her. Believe that she WILL win. She spoke sincerely to the x-pirate,

"Even if it may seem hard for you to see, I too believe in you, Ryoko"

Ryoko thought she had heard wrong, the Princess of Jurai, the one who always annoyed
her. The one she had countless fights with, had just said that she believed in her.
She looked at the princess. She wasn't joking. For almost a second Ryoko forgot
everything bad about Aeka, and just saw her as a person believing in her.
It may seem strange but she felt that Aeka and her had just made a connection.
She felt strange but accepted the belief in her that Aeka had.

Murmurs from each of the members of the family could be heard. They all had put aside 
their differences and believed. Believed in Ryoko. In the pureness and strength hidden deep
inside her. 

Ryoko looked at all of them. She realized that there were people all along caring about her.
"Thank you everyone"

Suddenly a light erupted from each of the family members. This light, was their belief. 
Belief in Ryoko. Aeka's came to Ryoko in a purple color. Sasami's in a baby blue. Kiyone's
in a deep green. Mihoshi's in a pale yellow. Washu's in a bright pink. and finally, Tenchi's
in a deep navy blue. The colors came together and went inside of Ryoko. She felt,
warm and secure. The light hawk wings on her glowed brightly.


*****You could be tied up in the middle of the dark
where you can't escape the Dark night
A light aiming for you will never give up on you.
Thunder and lightning, run away! to you and show you the way
You will shine forever more, We believe you
Let ten thousand bolts say it, We Believe you*****


She now had the beliefs of all the people important to her. She felt she could face anything.
She turned to the figure, she was ready. 

"I believe that I can defeat you. That belief and all the other beliefs of other people will
help me."

"You think that you can stop me??" the figure spoke."I think that it is overdue for me to
introduce my real self." Then the man took off his cloche. Once Ryoko could clearly see who
it was she felt all numb. 

"Kagato...."

Even thought Ryoko had not been hit she felt that a thousand bolts of lightning were going
through her. Tenchi saw and realized how scared Ryoko looked all of a sudden. Kagato, how 
dare he show his face after what he did to Ryoko. 

He still believed in Ryoko,
"Ryoko please don't give in. We all believe in you. Our hopes are in you. To use it you must have
faith that you can defeat him"

"Tenchi....." Ryoko then felt guilty. 
Guilty that she was putting him through all this.It's Kagato fault.
He has messed with me enough. I must stand.


***Augmenting our life will be natural forces
Since a singing voice awakes the great earth herself
You fill up with courage if you feel it*****


"Kagato, you used me in the past. But I assure you that will NOT happen again."

"Really Ryoko. I thought you would be glad to see me. But I will not be leant if you insist on 
a battle" Kagato said while a blue orb of light surrounded him.

Ryoko and Kagato prepared for battle. The worst was yet to come.
Kagato made his first move, but Ryoko deflected it easily.
This is how most of the battle went every now and then they would mange
to injure the other. Towards the end they were both equally hurt and tired.

"You never managed to beat me then, and you won't do so now" Kagato said knowing that he
was going to hit a soft spot. But he was wrong.

Ryoko just stood there and looked at him and spoke,
"I have something that I believe you have never even had. Friends and family.
I have people who are counting on me and believing in me every step of the way.
I can tell you this, I will NOT let them down. Prepare to die Kagato.
Die and pay for all the horrible sins you have commited.You made a big mistake trying to
control me. I will gladly get my revenge now"


*****It's all right now We Believe you.
We'll all fight now We Believe you.
For what's right now We Believe you.
We all believe in you.*****


She closed her eyes and thought, thought of everything important to her. Her dreams and
hopes. Her life and strength. Her love and her mother. Her family. These things were all very important
to her. A rainbow orb of energy appeared before her. With every thing she needed to protect, the
orb grew bigger and bigger.

Kagato didn't seem concerned. He knew Ryoko couldn't do it.

Ryoko held the orb high in her hands, she opened her eyes and spoke,
"This is for my life, the lives you destroyed, and this is for light. The light and hope of beliefs.
The light of people you destroyed. Be GONE!!!"

She threw the orb with all her might. Kagato expected it to be a fluke, but it was powerful.
Very powerful. He suddenly felt death before him. The orb came in contact with him and almost,
as if in a flash he was gone. Never to trouble a soul again.

Ryoko felt a great weight come off her. The weight of the people she had killed under Kagato.
They were free. She had freed them. She had won.


*****We all believe in you*****


Her goddess clothing disappeared and she fell. Fell to the ground..........

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

WOAH!! YOU PEOPLE GOT A SUPER TREAT.
I don't normally do that. I hate descriptions. But this chapter turned out good.
I probably will revise the others soon.

Please don't worry our Goddess has not died. She never would.
I luv happy endings so.....please R+R!!!

(ps. its still R+T)