Minna-san,omatase!
I present a tale that went through 8 drafts before I settled on this one!

Disclaimer:Once again;Tenchi Muyo and its cast are property of
Pioneer and AIC.Once again;do not sue me.I am writing this for
recreational purpose only,and the fact that I have an overactive
imagination.

Glossary:Omatase :Sorry for the delay !
Mata ne:See you soon!
Matte:Wait!
Onegai :Please
Oyaji :Dad
Sugoi :Great ;awesome
Dasai :Uncool
Yokatta :Exclamation of relief
O.L :Office lady ;a woman who works in an office
Konban wa:good evening
Ginkou:bank
Obento:Japanese-style lunchbox
Nani:what?
Tadaima:I'm home!
Nanda yo?:Impolite way of saying "what do you want?"
Sato imo:Sweet potato


               Tenchi Muyo !Ryoko No Musume
                A Fanfiction By AniMAY-chan

              Part One : ® Spring Affections
                         ® The O.L ¯

         Spatula in hand,Sasami stood at the foot of the stairs.Cupping her hands around her mouth,she
took a deep breath and yelled as loud as she could, ® minna ! !Asa-gohan ga dekimashitaaa ! ! ¯That
ought to do it,she thought,turning on her heel and walking back to the kitchen.She sighed.Here it was
Saturday,the one day of the week when she could cook breakfast,and the entire family was late !
® Except for you,Ryo-oh-ki, ¯she said,bending down to stroke the cabbit.The sound of footsteps on 
the stairs made her look up. ® Sasami,you shouldn't be yelling like that,it's bad manners.Imagine,a 
princess of the House of Jurai behaving like a common schoolgirl. ¯Sasami grinned. ® Ohayo,
Oneesama ! ¯She was used to Aeka's complaints,but why didn't her sister see that all Sasami wanted
was to be like any other human ?She disliked putting on airs the way Aeka did,but. ® I *am* a `common
schoolgirl' now,Oneesama,remember ? ¯ ® Well,yes,but you should *always * retain your regal upbringing
no matter what the circumstances are. ¯Sasami stifled a laugh.Her sister was hopeless !She yelled up the 
stairs again. ® Last call for breakfast ! ! ¯A few moments later,a door on the side of the stairs,where the 
broom closet once was,opened,and out emerged the petite figure of the galaxy's foremost scientific genius,
Hakubi Washu.Covering a yawn,she glanced around the living room. ® Now,where is that daughter of 
mine ? ¯she muttered. ® Probably sleeping off her sake, ¯Aeka smirked. ® I heard that ! ! ¯Ryoko's 
furious figure materialized out of nowhere in particular. ® I happen to have been up at sunrise,not that
it's any of your business ! ¯Aeka started to retort,when a cheerful male voice was heard over the girls'
argument. ® Ohayo,minna !Gomen,Sasami-chan,I didn't realize it was so late. ¯ ® Ohayo,anata ! ! ¯
Ryoko draped her arms around the object of her affections and valiantly attempted to give him a kiss.
Perhaps she would have succeeded in her endeavors,if a loud scream hadn't been heard from the second
floor.The scream had been Mihoshi's,and it was followed by the policewoman herself,who landed in a 
heap at the foot of the steps and promptly burst into tears. ® Itai,ITAAAI ! ! ¯ ® Mihoshi,daijobu ? ¯
Kiyone raced down the stairs after her partner. ® You've got to stop running in your house slippers ! ¯
Finally,with the arrival of Katsuhito and Nobuyuki,the Masaki family sat down to eat,all under the
inquiring gaze of the now nine-month-old Mayuka.

         Sasami had finished clearing the table,and was planning to wash the dishes.The house had become
quiet,with Tenchi at work in the fields,Washu in her laboratory,Mihoshi and Kiyone taking care of the 
laundry and Ryoko.well,to be honest,Sasami had no idea of what had become of the demoness after
she'd finished her asa-gohan.Logically,she was either taking a bath or pestering Tenchi.Knowing Ryoko,
it she might even be doing both.She wasn't home,that was certain,or she would surely be
fighting with Aeka.Speaking of Aeka.Sasami thought. ® Oneesamaaa ! !Can you help me with 
the dishes ? ¯ ® As soon as I give Mayuka her bottle, ¯came the reply.Sasami smiled to herself.
Although she missed the sixteen-year-old that Mayuka had been,she loved having the baby around.
She was so sweet and even-tempered.Sasami's only regret was that,since starting school,sha wasn't
able to give the baby the majority of her time.Aeka walked into the kitchen and was about to pick
up Mayuka's bottle,when it suddenly vanished. ® Ryoko-san ! ! ¯Aeka whirled around,fuming,
expecting to see the demoness,but to her surprise,Ryoko was nowhere to be found. ® I'll be just
a minute,Mayuka, ¯the First Princess of Jurai bent down to tell her niece,when  something made
her let out a shriek :Mayuka already had her bottle in hand,drinking like there was no tomorrow.
® Sasami ,find Tenchi-sama and bring him here THIS INSTANT ! ! ¯As a puzzled Sasami ran out 
the door to the fields,Aeka sat down and pondered. ® Am I going crazy with the strain of living 
under the same roof as that demon ?Or am I imagining things. ? ¯ ® Talking to yourself,Princess ?
We can't have that now,can we ? ¯ ® Well,I certainly didn't ask for *your* company,you.you.
Bakemono ! ¯ ® Hey,don't get personal.I'm only here to see May. ¯ ® `May' ? !Since when do 
you call Mayuka `May' ? ! ¯Ryoko ignored her and artfully changed the subject. ¯So,what's got
Your Highness so worked up,hmm ? ¯ ® As if you don't know !You just *had to* go and steal 
Mayuka's bottle when you know full well it's my turn to feed her ! ! ¯Ryoko did not reply.
® What exactly happened ? ¯she asked at last.Her tone was serious,not a trace of sarcasm or
mockery to be found.Unaware of the change in the demoness's demeanor,Aeka began. ® Well,
Mayuka's bottle disappeared off the table,but when I looked,*she* had it !I was so sure you were
playing a trick on me,but-Are you listening to me ? ! ! ¯For Ryoko had floated over to Mayuka's 
crib. ® Teleportation of objects ?Good girl ! ! ¯She tossed the baby up in the air and caught her
on the way down,causing Mayuka to let out a peal of precious laughter.Aeka blinked a few times
at the incomprehensible scene in front of her. ® Just what is *that* supposed to mean ? ! ¯ 
® Confused,Princess ?*I* didn't steal May's bottle,*she* did ! ¯May again. ® Just what is it 
with this `May' business anyway ? ! ¯ ® Listen up,Aeka.I'm only helping May here express
herself a little better.After all,her mother *was* a demon. ¯ ® You mean you're showing an innocent
child how to behave like *you*  ? ! ¯ ® Well,most of what I *could* teach her I'll save `till she's older. ¯
Ryoko gave a suggestive wink. ® For now,I'm just showing her the demon basics.You know,like 
walking through walls,flying. ¯Aeka had begun to seethe. ® Mayuka is Tenchi-sama's heir.She
is a Princess of Planet Jurai,not a monster like you !She and *I* are related by royal blood,and
I'm not going to let you.mould her to your liking ! ! ¯ ® Yuzuha was a demon,same as me,and
I'm not going to let you turn May into a stuck-up spoiled brat like you ! ! ¯Aeka's pink-and-white
complection was beginning to turn red and purple. ® Why you.How *dare* you. ¯Ryoko sent 
the princess a sidelong glance. ® Oh,I get it now.Since Tenchi's out,we're fighting over his daughter. ¯
And it's a fight I *will* win,she promised silently.What the others didn't know was that,since the 
night she and Mayuka had fallen asleep on the couch,a curious feeling,not unlike the one she felt 
for Tenchi had taken hold of Ryoko's heart.After that night,she had tried to spend every moment 
of her free time with the baby.When the other girls were busy with their work or chores and Sasami
was away at school,the demoness could always be found with Tenchi's little daughter.In fact,just
that morning,she'd taught Mayuka how to teleport objects,although she had had no idea the baby
would catch on so quickly.All this fed her ambition and,without thinking,a glowing ball of energy
gathered in her hand.Aeka in turn prepared to receive the blow,her force field forming around her.
At that moment,Mayuka uttered a piercing wail and Sasami ran into the living room,Tenchi in tow.
Ryoko's projectile vanished as a genuine look of concern flared up in her golden eyes. ® Gomen,
May,gomen, ¯she soothed,picking the baby up.The two sisters and the young man simply stared 
at her.Ryoko smiled and vanished,after handing Tenchi his daughter.

         Later that afternoon,Tenchi made his way toward Ryoko's cave.As soon as the demoness 
had taken her leave,Aeka had launched into a nearly hysterical rendition of what had happened.
® I'm telling you,she is trying to corrupt Mayuka.and at such an early age,too..It's revolting,
that's what it is ! ! ¯Aeka *did* have a tendency to rant when she got upset,but Tenchi believed
there was some truth to her tirade.At any rate,the one thing he could be sure of was that Ryoko 
was teaching Mayuka.what ?And for what purpose ?As the cave grew nearer,so did the answers
to his questions.The afternoon sunlight had bathed the walls of the cave in a golden glow when 
the young man finally reached his destination.To his surprise,Ryoko was there,almost as if she
had been expecting him. ® What can I do for you,Tenchi?"Taken slightly aback by her forwardness,
the young man began to stammer."Ano na.It's,well,it's about Mayuka-chan and..well."The 
demoness held up her hand."I'll spare you the embarrassment,Tenchi.Aeka thinks I'm turning  May
into some kind of bakemono,correct?"Tenchi nodded."I didn't believe her though,at least not 
totally.No!That's not what I meant!But you *did*  teach her something,didn't you?"Ryoko
sighed."Yes,but it was just a test .to see if."She broke off and turned to face him."Hear me
out first,please,Tenchi.I'm probably the last person you would think of when it comes to youiku,
and I know it,but there's something about May,something  I can't really explain."She paused,lost in 
thought.How could she tell him that something inside of her had melted,the night she saw Mayuka
looking at her with a demon's eyes?How could she confess that she wanted to pass on all her skills
to the child?.How?"Ryoko,daijobu  ka?"Tenchi was starting to worry,he'd never seen her like this
before.When she finally faced him,he was momentarily struck by the look on her face;the expression
in her eyes.It was bordering on anguish.The demoness drew a shaky breath before continuing."It's 
like she represents me,in a way.or I represent her."She struggled to put her feelings into words.
"I just think her heritage is important,even if she's being raised as a human.I've been thinking about
this for nearly a month,Tenchi,and I hated to make this decision  without asking you first,but it was
the only way I felt I could-"She turned away,trying to keep her emotions in check."-The only way  
I could compensate for the way I treated her  before."She raised her  eyes to meet his."You 
understand,don't you?I  want to train May to weild her powers,just like your grandfather trained
you."The young man smiled and put an arm around her shoulders."I *do* understand,and.well,
I agree  with you.You have my permission to continue Mayuka-chan's training.Just don't teach
her anything *too* 'corrupt',"he added,quoting Aeka.For a moment,Tenchi was worried that the 
demoness would launch into one of her usual overblown displays of affection.Instead,Ryoko 
sent him a smile that was as warm as it was brief."Arigatou,Tenchi,"she whispered.The sun 
was just starting to set,and the cave's golden hue began to deepen to a more vibrant shade.
"It's the color of her eyes,"Tenchi said to himself,with an embarrassed glance in the demoness's
direction."Would you like to watch the sunset?"he asked out loud."Yes,I think I would."The pair
left the cave behind them,and Ryoko impulsively took ahold of Tenchi's hand.The prospect of
tomorrow made her heart soar;who knew what the future would bring?


         "Mata ne,minna!"Kiyone called,walking out the front door.
"Hurry up,Mihoshi!We're going to be late *again*!!""Kiyone~e!!Matte~e!!"
Mihoshi was still struggling with the laces on her shoes."Sasami!The bus
is here!"Aeka's voice rose over that of the flighty policewoman's.
"Well,I guess I'll be off to work,too."Mayuka looked on as yet *another*
member of the Masaki household left for the day,the last person being
her father.She had grown accustomed to this,being almost eleven months
old,but where did everybody go?This happened every day,save for
Saturday and Sunday,and she puzzled over it.She decided to go and
look for the one person in this house who she was *sure* would
give her some attention.On uncertain legs,she wobbled into the 
living room,wishing she were able to speak.The sound of voices
raised in dispute made her heart sink.She hated to see Ryoko angry,
even though she knew  it wasn't she whom the demoness was 
upset with.On top of it,if this argument were like the usual fights
that happened on a daily basis,it would end with either  princess
or demoness storming out of the room,or on  some occasions
the house,until dinner time.Mayuka tried to comprehend what
had caused *this* fight.It sounded bad,even worse than usual.
"You are the most indolent,lazy person I have ever met!Would
it hurt you to clear the table once in a while?!!"Aeka paused for 
a moment,thinking her last statement over."Then again,you 
probably wouldn't know how.""That shows how much *you*
know!I bet you there isn't a job I *couldn't* do,you just try me!!"
"Alright,I will,"the princess repiled,accepting Ryoko's challenge.
" I bet you can't get a job downtown -""Sounds fair enough,"
the demoness  interrupted,folding her arms and smirking.
"*And* keep it for a fortnight,"Aeka finished haughtily.
"We'll see about that!!"Mayuka had had enough.Balling
her little hands into fists,she squeezed her eyes shut and
howled.It had the desired effect;Ryoko abandoned her
job debate and scooped her up.She turned to the fuming
princess,wearing a look of smug self-assurance."This
is one bet you won't win,Aeka.I start my job tomorrow!"
"Oh,really?And just what is this 'job' of yours going to 
be?I doubt it would be anything respectab-"She broke off,
realizing the demoness seemed not to have heard."You 
give that baby more respect than you do me!"Aeka cried,
then decided Ryoko never respected her anyway.Mayuka
squealed gleefully as the demoness tossed her up in the air,
then flew up to catch her."That's because *she* doesn't 
talk back!"Ryoko retorted,unwilling to admit  that when it 
came to getting a job,she couldn't be more clueless.

    While working in one of the many fields that surrounded
his family's shrine,Masaki Tenchi heard a voice.At first,he
dismissed it as the wind,but soon realized his error as the
voice's owner materialized in front of him.Summoning every
ounce of her acting prowess,Ryoko clasped her hands and batted 
her eyes in  a manner she hoped would prove effective.
"Tenchi~i...Would you help me?Ple~ease?Onegai??"
This had better work,she thought.The young man wiped
off his forehead."I suppose I *could* use a break,"he said
to himself."Sure,Ryoko,what kind of help do you need?"
Still behaving weak and helpless,the demoness took him by
the hand and sat down under the nearest tree."Well...Aeka 
and I sort of made a bet..."This bit of information caused 
Tenchi to groan inwardly.Why did he have the feeling he
wasn't going to like the rest of this conversation?"She
bet that I couldn't get a job and keep it,for *two whole 
weeks*!!"Ryoko pouted and crossed her arms."And
I just don't know *how* to find a job...you *will* 
help me,won't you,Tenchi?"Taking a deep breath,and
hoping in vain that he wouldn't regret what he was about
to do,the young man nodded his agreement."I'll ask Oyaji
when he gets home.""Ohh,you will?!That is just *so sweet*
of you,Tenchi~i!!"She flung her arms around him,knocking the 
pair of them over.As Tenchi struggled to sit up,he ventured to 
ask the one question that lay heavy on his mind."What exactly
did she bet you?Or you bet her?Or-"Sensing his nervousness,
Ryoko decided to give him a good tease."You know,I never
thought of that,"she mused,feigning innocence and propping
her chin in her hand."It should be something we both want..
hmmm..."She sent Tenchi a sidelong glance."What do you 
suppose that could be?"He looked ready to jump up and run 
away,so the demoness came to the quick conclusion she 
had better come clean."Only kidding.Whoever wins has to 
do the other's chores for a week.""Ah,Ryoko?You ...never
do your chores anyway."His remark caused her to pout."I
thought I was earning my keep by training May!"Taken
aback by her hurt expression,the young man couldn't help 
but feel guilty."I didn't mean it.Besides,you don't have to
'earn your keep',you know I don't mind you staying here."
He received another flying hug in response.Tenchi sighed.
Why did Ryoko have to be so aggressive whenever she 
expressed her gratitude?


      That evening,with the family seated around the dinner
table,Nobuyuki commented that a branch of the Nippon no
Ginkou near his office was in need of some tellers.This news
caused Ryoko,with an abundance of the over-confidence
Aeka found so annoying,to leap up from her seat and cry,
"alright!I'm gonna be an office lady!!"What followed was 
a flurry of exclamations,such as Aeka's,"you mean you're
going to go through with it?"Washu's,"you're finally doing
something to make me proud!My little girl!!"and Sasami's,
"Sugoi,Ryoko-oneechan,sugo~i!!"After the commotion died
down,Aeka calmly pointed out that a job of that nature required
a more conservative choice in clothing than Ryoko's usual form-
fitting,cleavage-bearing wardrobe."Then I guess I'll have to wear
something pretty dasai to get the job,"the demoness mused,as
the princess nodded smugly."I've got it!I'll just borrow one of *your*
dresses,Aeka!"The princess's face turned a curious shade,somewhere
between that of a red tomato and a purple yam as she turned up her
pert little nose and resumed her meal."You and I are about the same
size,Ryoko-san,"Kiyone began."You can borrow one of my suits."
As the group lapsed into their usual dinner conversation,Mayuka
sat in silence.Perhaps it was fortunate that she could not speak,and
that her comprehension of Japanese was not yet complete.If she had
known that the one who she spent her happiest moments with,the one
who she felt cared for her the most was to be added to the list of family
members that left for work each morning,she probably would have cried.

   
        "This suit,"Ryoko pronounced,"is way too tight."It was the day
of her job interview,and the demoness,as well as Kiyone, stood in front
of a full-length mirror in the girls' bedroom."That's not my fault!"the
detective snapped,this was not the first of Ryoko's complaints.
"At least the skirt fits.""Yeah,but can't I do without the blouse?"
Aeka passed by and stuck her head into the room."Can't you go
for one day without showing yourself off?"The demoness leaned
forward and stuck out her tongue in response,making Kiyone wince.
The buttons on her suit were putting up a valiant struggle to stay shut,
but she doubted they could take much more abuse.She had overlooked
a minor detail:she and Ryoko were of a similar height,but not of similar
measurements.The suit itself was navy blue,and the blouse underneath was
white,hardly dasai,but nothing short of modest."I feel like a sausage,"Ryoko
grumbled.It wasn't her fault she posessed such a matchless figure,she thought.
The only woman she'd ever met who even came close to her in that aspect
had been Nagi,and she was most likely still scouring the galaxy for a chance
to capture the space pirate Ryoko had been...

   "Alright,people!I am *outta here*!!"Scooping up Mayuka and giving
her a good-bye kiss,Ryoko prepared to start her first day at work.By some
miracle,she'd actually gotten the job,ignoring Aeka's comment that the
bank must really be desperate for help."Oneechan!Don't forget your 'bento!"
Sasami ran up to her,holding out a lunchbox tied in a scarf."You made me
*lunch*?!"The little princes nodded,her blue ponytails bouncing as she did.
Ryoko thanked her and turned to the remaining members of the household.
"Wish me luck,minna~a!"She blew Tenchi a kiss,blew Aeka a raspberry and
stepped out into the warm spring morning.

      Mayuka wandered around the living room aimlessly.As she tried to keep
from bumping into the furniture,she pondered,where had Ryoko gone,and 
why?Had she done something to upset her?Try to talk as she might,Mayuka
was,after all,still a baby.No amount of crying was going to do any good,either.
Mayuka couldn't remember ever making the demoness angry...but why had she
left,then?"Miya?"Sitting on the sofa,her golden eyes on the same level as
the baby's amber ones,was the small furry form of Ryo-oh-ki."Mi-ya!"Mayuka
repeated,feeling a little bit better."Miyamiya,miya~an!!""Mi-ya,mi-yan!"
This was fun!Mayuka thought ,cheerfully.Aeka chose that moment to walk
into the room and see the heiress of the Juraian Royal Family having an
engrossing discussion with a cabbit!

    It was her third day on the job,and in all the millennia she'd been alive,
Ryoko had never felt more bored.Coming to work on time,getting up early,
sleeping before midnight,no wonder Aeka thinks I'm gonna lose this bet!
the demoness thought as she made her way to the lunchroom.Sitting 
down at the nearest table,she unwrapped her obento and stared at the
contents,her mind a million miles awy.Each evening,she barely had time
to eat dinner,take a bath and go to bed,in order to get up in time to take
the train-not teleport-into town."Three days,and I'm already falling into 
a pattern."Breaking her chopsticks,she dug into her rice,thinking of the
way Sasami always insisted on fixing her lunch."It's crazy,but I really miss
that girl,"she sighed.It wasn't just missing Sasami,or her inevitable
yearning for Tenchi that bothered the demoness,not to mention the fact she hadn't
fought with Aeka in days,it was Mayuka.Last night,after she returned 
home,the baby had looked at her with an expression that had hit Ryoko
like a slap in the face.She'd never seen *anyone* especially a baby look
so wounded."I *have* to get out of this job!!"she cried,standing up,and
receiving more than a few curious stares.Ryoko disposed of the remains
of her lunch.I *have* to,she thought fiercely.No matter *what* it takes!


      It was seven'o'clock that night.The Masaki family sat around the
dinner table.Where *is* she?Tenchi asked himself.Ryoko had not
returned from work,and he found he was worried."How *rude* of that
monster-woman to keep us all waiting!She could have at least called
if she were doing overtime!"Aeka sniffed,interrupting his thoughts.
"It's not going to make any difference,the condition of this bet was
*two weeks*,and overtime doesn't count!"Washu burst out laughing.
"*Ryoko* doing *overtime*?!Masaka!"The telephone started to ring,
and Tenchi stood up."Why'd you have to go and make that stupid bet,
anyway?!"Everyone was staring at him."Gomen,"he muttered.He hardly 
ever raised his voice like that..."Masaki residence,"he said into the
telephone."Tenchi?!Yokatta!!""Ryoko?!!"Unable to contain his
anxiety any further,the young man burst out with a stream of questions.
"Where are you?Are you alright?!Why are you so late??!"
"Calm down!Everything's fine,but you're sweet to be so worried about
me!"she giggled."Ryoko-""I know,I know.Where am I and why the
h*ll haven't I called?I'm probably gonna be another hour..."her voice
trailed off."What time *is *it anyway?""Seven-thirty.""What?!Ok,Tenchi,
I'm at the Kurashiki police station.""NANI~I??!""You mean they haven't 
shown it on the news?Didn't you see it?""See what?""I have to go,but 
there's nothing to worry about,*trust me*!"And with that,the demoness
hung up.
"Quick!Turn on the news!!"Tenchi bolted into the living room.
"Who was on the phone?""What's going on?"Mayuka was,as usual,
quiet.For some odd reason,she had a very good idea of who had called
her  father.The nightly news announcer   appeared on the  television,
bowing slighty."Konban wa..."After giving a brief summary of that night's
features,he began the local news."This afternoon,there was an attempt to 
rob the Seibudouri branch of Okayama's Nippon no Ginkou.Police have 
made the arrest.More on this story at  nine.And in other news-"A shocked
silence descended upon the group."You don't think that-"Aeka stammered,
unable to complete her sentence."That's silly,Oneesama.Ryoko-oneechan
wouldn't-"With a note of hesitation in his voice,Tenchi began to relate what
the demoness had told him over  the telephone."When she called ,she said she
was at the police station-"There was a collective gasp."Are you saying that-"
"No,I'm not saying anything!"The young man decided he couldn't believe it.
But what if it were true?he asked himself,then dismissed his suspicions."I
guess we'll just have to wait until nine,or when she comes back,whichever
comes first,"he said out loud.Eight 'o'clock came and went,soon it was a 
quarter of nine. Aeka had about all she could take."Where *is* that 
irresponsible-""Tadaima~a!!"The latter exclamation caused the entire family
to pile into the foyer,not an easy task,either."You guys will *not believe*
what happened at work today!"Ryoko gushed,giving what she hoped was 
a modest smile."I had to break a few rules,so I hope you're not *too* mad 
at me!"She kicked off her shoes."Why're you all staring at me?You'd think I've
grown a second head or something.I mean,all I did was-""We *know* what
you did,and *I* for one find it disgraceful!"The demoness gave Aeka a queer
look,as if she had no idea what had provoked her outburst."And to think you'd 
show your face here,afterwards,too...""You mean I should've sat back and let him
get away with it?!The guy had me at gunpoint,for crying out loud!!""*Who* had 
you at gunpoint?"Ryoko groaned and unbuttoned her suit jacket."Didn't you guys
watch the news?This guy walks in,all politeness,comes up to the desk I was working
at,and-get this-pulls a gun on me and tells me to go open the safe!"Ryoko had not yet 
noticed the blank looks her story was receiving."So I picked him up by the collar,and 
bent his gun in half.What did they say on the news?"she rattled on,ignoring the fact
her question went unanswered."Anyway,the police made me fill out all these forms,that's
what took me so long to get back here.And the best part is, I got a reward!!"she pronounced
triumphantly."I've actually got my own cash!"Her expression lost a bit of its jubiliant nature
when she noticed how silent everyone was."The way you guys are acting,you'd think *I*
robbed the bank,or something-"The demoness trailed off as she put two and two together.
"You *did* think I robbed the bank!"she cried,not caring if anyone repiled."I never said-"
Aeka ventured,only to be cut off."I quit.The bet's off.Satisfied?!"Mayuka blinked,unable
to comprehend the meaniing of the scene that was fast unfolding before her.I can't believe
I actually turned down a promotion for *them*!!Ryoko thought, furiously trying to hold
back her tears as she vanished form the foyer.

         The nine'o'clock news was just starting as the dejected group trooped into the 
living room.Dejection turned to guilt,as they realized just *how* wrong their suspicions
had been."A would-be attempt to rob Okayama's branch of the Nippon no Ginkou was
foiled today,when one of the bank's own tellers succeeded in apprehending the robber,
a felon wanted by the police..."Footage from the bank's security cameras was then shown,
sure enough,it matched Ryoko's rendition of the afternoon's events.Nobody argued when
Nobuyuki snaped off the television set,and nobody noticed Mayuka toddle out of the
room.
  
     Her knees pulled up to her chin,Ryoko sat on the roof of the house,watching clouds
pass over the moon.She was frustrated,seething and miserable,all at the same time.
So I made the 'Universe's Most Wanted' list for two thousand years!How hard is it for
them to forget that,anyway??!she fumed to herself.Coping with Aeka's distrust was 
a phenonmenon she was used to by now,but not Tenchi's,never...Whatever happened,
she would *not* give in to her urge to cry,that was for certain!"Ryo-ko?""Go *away*!"
she managed."Ryo-ko?"This time the voice was more persistant."Nanda yo?!I said
*go away*!!!"The owner of the voice fell silent for a few moments,then proceeded to 
cry."May...?"Ryoko's assumption had been correct:the baby was in fact sitting near the
ladder that led to the roof."Was that *you* calling me?"The demoness teleported to 
her side."This place is too dangerous for you,May,"she told her,picking her up and
giving her a hug."My poor darling,I didn't mean to make you cry...I quit my job today,
you know?And I didn't do it for your father,either."Mayuka's expression brightened,
and she let out a squeal of,"Ryo-ko!!"making the demoness wonder is she could
understand what she was saying."I have to say,I never thought my name would
be your first word."That knowledge lifted Ryoko's spirits,so much in fact,that she
promptly teleported to the living room and told her family she was sorry for getting
so angry,and that she was sure the whole thing had been one huge misunderstanding,
nothing more.Needless to say,it took them a few moments for that to sink in,and after
it did,the demoness received a round of apologies."By the way,Ryoko-san,"Aeka called
as she left the room to prpare for bed,"I expect to see my chores done tomorrow!""Hey,
no fair!"Ryoko started to protest,then stopped;she didn't want to wake the now-sleeping
Mayuka.The princess's laugh made her wonder if her remark had been made in jest,but
she didn't dwell on it,as Mayuka opened her sleepy amber eyes."Ryo...ko..."she whispered 
before resuming her slumber.For the second time that week,Aeka's face turned the color
of a sato-imo."I *knew* she couldn't escape that bakemono's influence!"Mayuka continued
to sleep in the demoness's arms,blissfully unaware of how much frustration she was causing
the First Princess of Jurai.

       ________________________________________________

Note:Thank you for being so patient with me,minna-san!
I hope my combination of multiple Tenchi universes  has
not been a cause for confusion for you!If I may be so bold as
to clear up matters,this is an OVA-based tale,with elements from
the first TV series,as well as Okuda Hitoshi-san's manga series.
May I express my thanks to Sweet 17(my think tank!)Mimi(my editor,
who has recently become a think tank!)and Lores,for all her support!
Also,a deep bow of appreciation goes to H.Stenholm,for his valuable 
suggestions and advice!Honto ni,honto ni arigatou gozaima~asu!
That's not to say this story is over,nothing could be farther than
the truth!Now that I've made sure Tenchi's not the *only* center
of Ryoko's life,the *real* plot begins!!

