The characters in this book are owned by AIC/Pioneer.  (Except one or two)
I wrote this book for my and others enjoyment.  Well if you happen to read
this it must be a boring day.  This story is Copyrighted and owned by me.
So I can sue your ass down if you copy this story.  I other words I
understand that I do not own these names and don't sue me.   (I hate saying
this crap)  Anyways here's the story.  I hope you enjoy this!

Ryoko Most Wanted
Chapter I  The Journey's Beginning

The summer breeze blew swiftly through the temple.  The sun high above the
air, shining brightly on the forest below.  The lake glistened and showed a
bright blue.  The trees quivered in the wind as if it were a ribbon.  It was
very peaceful in the shrine.  The clouds white, high, and puffy moved slowly
taking shape as they did.  Most everyone was inside.
"Lunch time!"  Sasami yelled happily.
"What do ya got this time?"  Someone asked.
"Spicy soup," Sasami answered.  "I now how Ryoko loves spicy things.
"Yup," Ryoko said licking her teeth.  But Tenchi was worried about Ryoko and
Ayeka fighting.  As dinner progressed, Ryoko started looking at Tenchi with
a smile growing on her lips.  She didn't stare away either.  Ayeka was
eating some fish when she noticed this.  Ayeka started staring at Ryoko
while clenching her fist.
Tenchi turned away and looked at the rice bowl as if it was very amazing.
Ryoko's simile dropped down into a frown.  Ayeka smiled at this.  Ryoko
picked up her soup and slurped it.
"SLRUUUUP"  Ayeka frustrated with this dropped her spoon.  It got Tenchi's
attention back.
"Try to be quiet you monster.  That's rude!"  Ayeka said.
"Yeah?  What's with you nibbling your food little by little!  It's getting
on my nerves."  Sweat grew on Tenchi's head.  Sparks grew between them.
Ryoko slammed her fist into the table which shook bowls and plates.  The
soup Ayeka was putting down bounced back up and went splat into her face.
Ryoko was about to yell when her stern face loosened up a little.  Ryoko
fell back in laughter.  Ayeka's hair was wet and hanging down.  A giant
stain on her dress.  She watched on angrily as Ryoko laughed.
"All over."  More laughter.  "Her face."  More laughter.  "Dripping down
her.."  But before Ryoko could finish Ayeka lounged at Ryoko.  Then as Ryoko
dodged her, she got up and an energy blast was growing in her hands.  It
fired at the Jurain princess.  Ayeka put up her energy shield right in time
and the energy ball reflected off and hit a vase, destroying it and its
plant into ashes.
"Now girls you can't fight in the house!"  Tenchi yelled as he stepped
between the girls.  Ryoko's tension loosened and they went outside to
continue the fight.
Ryoko powered up her energy sword and slammed it into the princess's shield.
The shield gave way but Ayeka fired up her sword in time to block Ryoko's
attack.  Ryoko still in the air kicked Ayeka in the stomach sending her down
into the ground.  She quickly got up.  Ryoko fired three energy blasts at
Ayeka.  She dodged the first.  Then the second barely missed taking some of
Ayeka's ponytail and robe with her.  Ayeka charged at Ryoko as Ryoko jumped
up in the and landed behind Ayeka.  She swung her sword and it looked as if
Ayeka could not see her behind her.  But at the last second she ducked as
Ryoko's blade barely missed her.  Ryoko cutting thin air was taken by
surprise as Ayeka rose from under her and threw Ryoko into the air.
Ryoko did some flips and stood flying in the air.  She threw a energy blast
which Ayeka missed but hit so near her the impact threw her off balance.
Ryoko dived with her sword.  Ayeka jumped as Ryoko's sword hit the ground
and dug in it.  Ryoko fired a few blasts of energy at Ayeka who dodged them
and the ball swerved off course and hit a tree, splitting it in half as if
it were a toothpick.
They stared at each other, not moving until Ryoko powered up for another
energy blast when all of a sudden a giant black ship, just like the
transformed Ryo-ohki, flew over them at full speed.  It caught them off
guard and the force from the wind blew Ayeka's and Ryoko's feet off the
ground.  Before they could even get up another ship in hot pursuit flew
overhead.  It was a Galaxy Police style one too.
"That you Ryo-ohki?"  Ryoko asked a bit confused.
"Miyaaaaa!"  Ryoko looked down and saw Ryo-ohki in cabbit form right next to
her.  "Hmm" Ryoko thought.
The black ship did a steep climb as the GP ship followed.  The black ship
then did a sudden dive as the GP ship did too.  The GP ship went out of the
dive too late and the bottom off the ship scraped the trees.  A loud voice
familiar as Kiyone's went through the loud speaker.
"Surrender now or we will fire by law of the Galaxy Police code."  The black
sheep kept going.  The GP ship fired two shots at it but it was easily
dodged.  (You know how fast and maneuverable Ryo-ohki is)  The black
Ryo-ohki  (You will find out the name is Yo-ohki) fired back two shots.  The
GP police dodged one of them, which crashed into the water sending a splash
12 feet high.  The other hit it and sent it out of control.  The GP ship
crashed into the ground making a furrow deep into the ground.  It stopped
right in front of Tenchi's house.  Yo-ohki went at full speed away and all
that was left was a tiny speck that disappeared in a second.
Mihoshi came out of the ship quickly screaming.  "Kiyone's hurt.  Come'on
everyone quickly!  She's in the bridge."  Mihoshi was close to tears now as
Tenchi put a hand on her shoulder comforting her but she cried even harder.
"Oh Kiyone!  Don't die on me now!  I need you!  Wah!!!!!"  And she ran in
the house screaming.
The gang entered the ship.  The lights were blinking on and off and some
lightbulbs even blewout for good.  The wall was smashed like an accordion
showing delicate circuitry on the inside.  Washu looked at this and when
they reached the door to the bridge Washu pressed a few buttons.
"It's out," she said.  Yosho took his sword and easily cut the door in half.
"Wonder how Mihoshi got out."  Washu wondered.  Kiyone was inside.  The roof
of the ship caved in and her legs were caught in it.  Tenchi went next to
her unconscious body and comforted her.  Yosho cut the roof up so it could
be taken off her body.  As they lifted the metal board off Tenchi saw Kiyone
wince in pain.

Tenchi paced in front of Washu's lab.  It was a long time since Washu took
Kiyone's bloody body into her lab.  Mihoshi was especially tense.  Everyone
was sorry for her.  Ayeka stood next to her trying to comfort her and
Ryo-ohki rubbed her leg.  Washu came out looking neither happy nor sad.
"How's Kiyone?"  he asked.
"What are you talking about?  I was fixing her ship!  Just kidding!  Follow
me."  She led them into a room with a cozy bed and a table.  Kiyone lay in
the bed with wires monitoring her every heartbeat.  "She's still unconscious
but she'll recover in no time.  Instantly two little Washu puppets popped
beside her.
"Cause she's the best!"
"The greatest!"
"Genius!"
"In the universe!"
"WASHU!!" the puppets screamed together.
Mihoshi looked at Kiyone's body not moving looking peaceful in her bed.  "Oh
please get better Kiyone!"
"She will," Washu replied.  "By the way, how did you get of the bridge
Mihoshi?"
"I went out the back way," Mihoshi replied looking happy all over again.
"Let's get out and let Kiyone rest," Tenchi said with concern.  They hated
to leave her alone but they all agreed and left while Washu began making
preparations to repair the GP ship.  After reporting this to the Galaxy
Police HQ and hearing Mihoshi and Kiyone were free till Kiyone got better,
Yosho passed the time by playing chess (Jurai style) with Nobuyuki to pass
the time.  During dinner, everyone was quiet, even Ryoko and Ayeka.
After dinner, Yosho finished his game of chess (he won) and Ryoko talked to
Sasami.  Ayeka told Sasami not to talk to space pirates so Ryoko talked to
her duplicate.  Ayeka went to take Sasami to sleep and Tenchi soon fell
asleep too.  Ryoko fell asleep on the couch in the middle of her
conversation.  Everyone soon went to bed except one, Mihoshi.  She stood
still like a statue with her eyes wide worrying about Kiyone.  But soon she
too (At around 2:00) fell asleep.

Tenchi woke up the earliest and went to check on Kiyone.  Her room was in
Washu's lab so Tenchi was careful.  Luckily, Washu was asleep on her
experiments.  He went into Kiyone's room.  She was still asleep but not
unconscious.  He held her hand.  It was a bit cold.  "You're lucky to have a
partner that cares so much," he thought.  He kept by her side holding her
hand as objects around him beeped and flashed till he thought Washu was
about to wake up.  Then he left and went back to sleep in his room.
Kiyone felt a warm feeling I her hand.  I made her think about Tenchi.
Strong, fearless, and kawaii.  She loved him but not enough to actually go
crazy for him.  Really, she never really flirted with anyone she could
remember.  She was a tomboy from the beginning.  Never into boys.  She knew
how crazy Ryoko and Ayeka were and getting herself also caught in that would
make it worse for Tenchi.  She cared.  Not loved.  Cared.  That was it,
cared.  She fell into a deep sleep again.
"Kiyone wake up!  I got you fresh green tea!"  Kiyone woke up to see
Mihoshi's big Bambi eyes staring down at her.
"Uh thanks," Kiyone said getting up.  In one of those race moments, she
smiled.  But not soon later she tightly closed her eyes from pain.  She fell
back in bed as Mihoshi almost dropped her tea from shock.
"You shouldn't get up Kiyone.  You need your rest," Mihoshi said concerned
about Kiyone.  She handed her a small glass of tea.  Kiyone drank it
eagerly.  "So how ya feeling?"  Mihoshi asked.  Kiyone replied", Better but
I'm hungry."
"Ok Kiyone I'll get you breakfast in bed."  Mihoshi left as Kiyone lay back
down on the pillows.  Wires were on her body.  Machines blinking and
beeping.  The pain was a lot.  But compared to how it felt before she lost
consciousness, it was a lot better.  Mihoshi came with a tray.  It was
lunchtime at that time and Sasami cooked a special for Kiyone.
"It's sushi and cold noodles Kiyone!"  Mihoshi placed it in her lap and
helped her get up.  She put a pillow on her back to help her feel
comfortable.
"Thanks.  Hey this is good."
"I'm glad you like it.  Sasami will be too!  We're on vacation!"  Mihoshi
gave Kiyone a big hug to celebrate.  No sooner did the whole gang come up to
her.
"So what happened?  Can you tell us?  Mihoshi didn't put too much detail and
didn't help too much.
"Well.

Before the accident.

Kiyone was in her patrol ship as usual.  The stars moved by and she was
nearing the planet Earth.  It was beautiful with swirls of white streaming
over the blue planet.  With green and brown land and specks of islands
everywhere.  She even saw a hurricane.
Mihoshi was sleeping as usual and Kiyone on full look out for anything.  A
cargo freight zoomed by.  She took a status reading on it.  It was normal.
Just some money from a corporation to a bank.  Nothing unusual.  As the
cargo freight zoomed by, she looked at the stars.  It was beautiful.  It
reminded her of her past.
Kiyone pressed some buttons and scanned the ship.  Something was strange.
She looked closer.
"That's odd."  She pressed other buttons.  The safe was never to be opened
till it arrived its destination.  No SOS either.  No distress.  So, she
thought it must be an error in their computers.  Till a distress signal
arrived.

"I told you not to alert them!"  A blast with his hand and a hole was on the
mans head.  "Hurry Kagato II.  No time.  Use Yo-ohki."  Then man agreed.  He
looked at the bloody mess on the metal floor.  "Do your thing Yo-ohki!"
"Miyaaa!"  A pure black little cabbit instantly transformed into a giant
spaceship.  The boarded quickly.
"Hurry Kagato II!  They're gaining!"

"Mihoshi full power.  Mihoshi?  Mihoshi!"  Kiyone yelled.
"Huh?  What?"
"Nevermind.  Just open a transmission to head quarters."  Mihoshi pressed a
button yawning and a screen grew up with a face on it.
"Yes?"
"This is detective Kiyone.  We've found the most wanted!  He has just stolen
a A-Class Armored Money Transport."
"And you look like a frog with those wrinkles!"  Mihoshi chirped in.  The
man frowned.
"Well.  Kiyone follow it and make sure it doesn't get away."
"Yes sir."  The screen vanished.  "Let's go Mihoshi!"  She looked at it as
it headed towards Earth.

"Miya!"
"Shutup ya big slut.  Go to that island over there.  That's the one!"
Yo-ohki headed straight for Hawaii.  "To Steep!  Pull out!" screamed Kagato
II.  It missed the island as local residents saw a black "sea star" pass
over them.  Yo-ohki skidded over the water at full speed.  Glistening water
sped past them with a red GP patrol ship right behind them.
"A beach!"
"I know!"  Yo-ohki went up in a sudden climb.  The patrol ship barely missed
it.  "Mountains.  Look there, a lake!  I think this is Japan!"  Yo-ohki went
into a sudden dive as two stick figures engaged in combat grew closer and
more detail till they passed right above them.
"My god!  Isn't that Ryoko!  The space pirate who used to be number 1 is
most wanted."  He laughed as his long flowing black hair shook with his
body.  His pale skin flexed.  His green eyes looking behind them as Ryoko
fell down and then the patrol ship went over her.  "And the princess too!"
"What!  They fired!" yelled his partner Yokado as Kagato II dodged the
gunfire with excellent skill.
"Yo-ohki!  Fire three return shots!" he said full of anger as his green eyes
turned angry.  "Miyaa!!!"
He looked back as the patrol ship lost control and crashed next to the
house.  Now he laughed hearty.
"Should we kill everyone?"  Yokado asked.
"No.  Kagato I will deal with them himself.  Yo-ohki let's report back to
Kagato I!"
"Miya!"  The Yo-ohki shot into they sky.

Kiyone felt a sharp pain on her legs and pounds of metal fell on it pinning
them to the ground.  She winced in pain as Yo-ohki vanished into the sky.
Then it went black.

Back to the present.

As Kiyone finished her story Ryoko headed for the door.
"Where are you going Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
"To defend my title.  It was hard won.  I'll teach that new space pirate
who's boss."  She cracked her knuckles.  Outside Ryo-ohki transformed.
"Tenchi you're coming too!"
" Where Tenchi goes I go!"  Ayeka blurted out.
"Ok!  Oh wait I'll stay here."  Ayeka ran after Tenchi as Ryoko put an arm
on his shoulder.  But Ayeka was already in the air.  She looked down as she
went higher and higher.
"Let me down!"  She franticly kicked as Ryoko smiled.
"Do when Ayeka asks Ryo-ohki," said Ryoko.  "Miya!"  Al of a sudden Ayeka
stopped moving upwards.  Then she fell.  Down into the lake.  "Hahaha."
Ryoko laughed as Ayeka went to change dripping wet with her hair messed up,
her robes soaked, and Ayeka drenched.  Ayeka went without a word all red and
angry.  She said something under her breath with no one heard.
"We'll go tomorrow Tenchi," said Ryoko as she stretched and yawned.
Everyone went inside as Ryo-ohki transformed into a cabbit again and ran
inside.
It was nightfall and everyone was asleep.  Washu was about to sleep but
before she did, she went outside her door into the hall.  Washu crept down
the hall past a few doors till she finally found one.  She carefully opened
it making not a noise.  She then went inside.  In the bed, Ryoko was
sleeping.  Washu tried to do this every night.  She stroked Ryoko's hair.
Ryoko was so wild but look as peaceful and harmless as a kitten right now as
her sleeping body lay lost in thought.
Washu still wept for her lost child and Ryoko was the last child Washu had
although it was an experiment.  Washu thought about things and how much she
cared for Ryoko as she stroked her cyan hair.  She did this for a few
minutes and then kissed Ryoko in the cheek and left without a word.
"Tenchi, oh Tenchi," Ryoko muttered in her sleep as Washu left.

"Time to wake up the sleepyheads," thought Sasami as she took her gong and
began hitting it as hard as her little arms could.  The noise rung through
the house.
Yosho was already up but the rest were asleep.  One by one the doors started
opening as sleepy faces appeared.  All except Ryoko.  Sasami went close to
her room and rang the gong.  No response.  Sasami went right inside Ryoko's
room and rang it as hard as she could.
"Keep it down I'm trying to sleep," Ryoko mumbled.
"But you were gonna take a trip today with us," Sasami pleaded.
"Cancel it then!"  Ryoko snapped back.  But slowly Ryoko got out of bed.
After breakfast, another Ayeka vs. Ryoko fight, and a bath everyone was
ready to go.
"Sasami, Grandpa, dad, Mihoshi.  You guys stay with Kiyone," Tenchi said
boarding the Ryo-ohki.  They nodded.  They watched as Ryo-ohki blasted off
at full speed into the stars.  They wished them luck and went inside.

Inside the Ryo-ohki Tenchi, Washu, Ayeka, and Ryoko sat back.
"So where to Washu?"  Ryoko asked.
"He attacked near the planet Fuyinami so try searching in their most casino
filled cities you can find."
"OK!"
"Miyaaa!!"  The Ryo-ohki blasted full speed towards the planet Fuyinami.
Past Asteroids.  Screaming past ships of all kinds.  Past the Planet Jurai
went Ryo-ohki at full speed.  It was amazing how fast Ryo-ohki was.
Up above the planet Fuyinami shown brightly.  It was a blue planet like
Neptune but it wasn't sea but dirt.  All water came from rives of white.
They could see the rivers as veins in the blue.  Darker blue marked major
cities.  They even had a theme park they could visit.  It was beautiful.
It's only moon, an unlivable ice planet, was beautiful as it went in line
with the planet.  Stars glittered to make it seem even more of a paradise.
Ryoko's personal favorite gambling resort was there.  So the gang went on
wards to the blue planet.  The journey has just begun.

E-mail me at: rct@usa.com and include comments and stuff.  Tell me how much
you like this and so on.  Chapter II coming out soon.
