Tenchi Muyo:Ryoko's Love Alpha
Prelude to the Requiem
By Evil Dr. Tran

Disclaimer:

The Characters you're about to read are created and owned by AIC/
Pioneer.  This fic written just for entertainment purposes and not for
moneymaking.

Tokimi's Realm

A young man materialized onto the platform of the dimensional Throne
room.  He's in his early twenties, short black hair, and wearing a
common Juraian outfit.

"I have returned, Lady Tokimi."  The man formally stated as he kneeled
down.

The throne room became dark and suddenly, several shadow figures
appeared in a parallel line, and in the center a familiar orange-haired deity
appeared before him. "Welcome back, D3.  I take it your mission was
successful, was it not?"

"It was successful, my lady.  This Universe does show evidence of
Tsunami's influence."

"And have you located the current whereabouts of Tsunami and Washu?"

"I have sent out the necessary measures to gather that information.
We will have the specific results in due time."

"Very good.  What is your analysis of this Universe?"  Tokimi
inquired with interest.

"The civilizations that live within this Universe are advanced but
conquerable. The two main forces that stand in our way are the Galaxy
Police and of course-"

Tokimi interrupted. "The Juraians.  And don't forget to mention
Tsunami and Washu's Avatars."

"Yes, my lady."

"How does it feel re-adapting to your old body?"

D3 looked at his hands and body.  "It feels very nice to be roaming around in
a physical body instead of an astral one.   Very strange after not having used
this form for 50,000 years.  Were you thinking about venturing in a physical
body as well?"

Tokimi was silent for a brief moment then chose not to answer his question.
"Did you make contact with the Galaxy Police Force in Orion?"

"Not as of yet.  The inspection force that was sent to investigate
their missing comrades will soon be 'tested'.  I have, however,  gathered the
data from during Dr. Clay's possession of the Galaxy Police Battleship
Shunga."

"And the results?"

"Judging from the analysis of the warship and it's abilities. The Galaxy
Police are primitive by our standards but should not be underestimated.
They may be weak but they make up for that in will.  Nevertheless,
our two assault fleets are still more than a match for them."

"And what if the Juraians intervene with our campaign?"

"The Juraians are very formidable and when they step in, they have the
potential to tip the balance of power.  Due to Tsunami's influence
with the space trees, our Assault fleet has finally met it's match. We
will deal with the Juraians first, before we handle the Galaxy Police."

"Take out the strong before we take out the weak.  A very good strategy,
yet risky."

"I have already devised a plan to handle the Juraians.  It will be
initiated as soon as our new lead scientist calls in.  Here are the
plans."  The young male held up a data disc in his right hand to show the
goddess.

Tokimi gazed at the disc with her deep purple eyes, almost as if
looking at an open book.  After a moment of silent reading Tokimi
gave out an enigmatic smile.

"Very interesting plan, D3.  I've looked at it through the realm of
probability (in other words the future) and I see a 100 percent
success rate."

"That is very encouraging.  I thank you Lady Tokimi."

"The pleasure is all yours, D3."

Suddenly, D3's wrist Comm started to beep. "This is D3, have you had
any results on the search for Tsunami and Washu?"

"Yes, sir."  A female voice answered back. "They have departed earth
and are currently arriving at Jurai, do you wish to depart now?"

"I will be there in a few moments.  When I arrive, phase 2 will begin
as planned."

"Understood, sir."  She complied and signed off.

Tokimi had listened in on the brief exchange and grinned.  "What do you
think of our new replacement for Dr. Clay?"

"She's quite adequate and mentally stable, comparatively speaking.
She's the type of person who doesn't hold grudges or allow things that
would cloud her judgement, unlike Dr. Clay."

"He was flawed and predictable."  Tokimi added.  "Pity we had to let him go.
As I recall, Washu nearly hacked into his memories, fortunately, she didn't.
Thanks to your quick actions.

"What makes things even more interesting is the fact that our new top
scientist bears a striking resemblance to Washu...you've chosen an element
that will make events occur in a very interesting manner."

Tokimi smiled only slightly.  "The time is coming near and the reunification
will be imminent, initiate phase two."

"Yes, your majesty."  D3 bowed and disappeared.

 As D3 disappeared, Tokimi's smile disappeared.  <All this trouble just to
find out why.>

To be Continued...

Note to readers:

I know what you guys and gals are thinking... "After eight or nine months of
waiting for Ryoko's Love, This is all we get!?!"

I have good reasons for this and well...RL's one year anniversary is nearly up
and I feel that instead of writing a normal chapter.  I'm just going to go
ahead and write the 2 part concluding story to Ryoko's Love Alpha and head off
to start on Beta.  Based on the info revealed in the future requiem chapters,
seasoned guest writers are invited to write the "filler" episodes from Ch.5a
up to the requiem chapters.  Either that or I'll just set an FAQ sheet
concerning the events that lead up to the Requiem.

Here's a portion from Chapter: Requiem One

Kyrie: The Battle's Climax

On the outer rim of the galaxy, the final battle between Jurai and Tokimi's
fleet is about to take place.  The Galaxy Police forces have commenced attacks
on Tokimi's fleet while the Juraian and Galaxy Police battleships maintained
their distance from the fight.  For several long minutes the Juraian fleet
watched as the galaxy police unleashed wave after wave of attacks on the
invaders, not avoiding the battle but waiting for their signal to attack.  The
small fighters of the Galaxy Police attacked along side the Juraian fighters,
annoying the enemy dreadnoughts and keeping the enemy fighters away from the
Juraian and Galaxy Police battleships.

Finally, the signal to attack finally arrived, the once mighty flagship of
Tokimi's Dominion fleet started to engulf itself in flames.  The Juraians and
the Galaxy Police battleships opened fired and engaged the enemy.

Inside the burning inferno, Shoji carried a barely conscience Aeka to the
escape pods while Mihoshi followed suit firing as they ran to keep their
mechanical pursuers at bay.  Then the firing from their pursuers ceased but
the two kept on running.  Aeka opened her eyes and found that she was no
longer a child, she was finally transformed back to her normal age.  Aeka
gazed up and found that Shoji was still alright but she noticed something very
wrong...

"Shoji!  You're wounded, put me down!"  Aeka shouted.

Without a word of contempt, he did as she requested.  As soon as she was
placed on the floor all three continued on their escape.  Through the corner
of her eye, Aeka briefly saw the pained expression on Shoji's face but he
quickly changed it.  She passed a quick glance at one of his sides and saw
that blood is exposed through the cloth of  Shoji's battle Suit. As they
finally reached the Escape pods, Aeka looked out through one of the ship's
portholes and saw that the Juraian battleships have initiated their attacks.
A look of disbelief formed on her face, Shoji and Mihoshi ran up to Aeka and
saw the expression on the princess.

"What's the matter, Aeka?"  Asked, Mihoshi.

"Our battleships, their Light-hawk wings has not formed yet!"

"WHAT?!?"  Shoji yelled.  "That's not possible! I've already deprogrammed
Onimaru's jamming between Tsunami and the space trees!"

For a moment, Shoji thought of the reason for the set back, then the thought
came to him.

"It might've been due to Onimaru's Zero units." Shoji stated grimly.  "They
probably reactivated the jamming device."

Mihoshi walked over to one of the pods and started the launch code sequence.
The ship began to jolt violently due to the various explosions.  Aeka walked
towards the pod and noticed that Shoji was not walking behind her.  The
princess quickly turned around and saw what she was dreading the most; Shoji
was turning back towards the Ship's bridge.

Aeka quickly grabbed Shoji's arm and held on tight.  "W-where are you
going?!?"  Aeka yelled, doing her best to hold her tears back.

"I have to go back and make sure the jamming device is put out, permanently!
All of the Universe is depending on this!"

"Let me go with you!!  You're wounded, you can't do it all by yourself!"

"NO! You have to go, it's too risky!  It's not safe here, you'll be killed and
you are Jurai's first crown!"

"No! I will not go!"

Shoji grabbed Aeka's shoulders.  "YOU CAN'T STAY WITH ME!  Your safety must be
is most import-!!!"  Shoji was interrupted by a sharp pain that coursed
through his body and held his side.  He held out his hand and saw that it was
covered with blood.

Aeka quickly calmed and tried to look firm. "Shoji, you are just too wounded!
I must help you!  I order it."

Shoji was silent by Aeka's order.  A long  silent moment passed, he
straightened up and gazed at Aeka.  "I'm sorry Princess Aeka but the answer is
no.  This is one issue I can disobey your direct order."

Stunned by Shoji's first ever insubordination, Aeka lost all hope and tears
begun to burst out. "Y-you can't!"

"Enough!"  Shoji yelled out and quickly gave a kiss to Aeka.

Aeka did not hesitate to kiss Shoji in return. She held onto him fast and
tight.

Immediately, Shoji pushed Aeka into the escape pod and quickly gave a glance
at Mihoshi.  "W-what?! NO! PLEASE DON'T, SHOJI!!!!" Aeka begged.  Mihoshi
understood and grabbed onto Aeka and held her tight.

Without a response, Shoji closed the pod door on Aeka, and ran off towards the
bridge.  Aeka managed to escape Mihoshi's grasp and crawled towards the pod
doors.  Mihoshi immediately launched the probe.  Aeka banged wildly at the pod
doors, screaming Shoji's name repeatedly.

"I'm so sorry, Aeka."  Mihoshi said quietly as she watched Aeka in her most
vulnerable state.  The escape pod reached space and headed back towards the
Battleship Tsunami.  Aeka's cries gradually quieted down and she watched as
the ship that contained Shoji continued to shrink in view.

Shoji ran towards the bridge, enduring the pain in his side.  As he sprinted
down the walkway, he heard several sounds coming from the rubble.  He stopped
in his tracks to see what was making the sounds.  Under the rubble that
surrounded Shoji, Twenty of Onimaru's Zero units appeared from the debris each
with the objective to prevent or kill Shoji from returning to the bridge.  The
mech drones gathered and organized themselves into a column to block the
entryway that led to the bridge.  Shoji activated his energy blade and charged
the Zero Units.

As soon as the Zero units identified Shoji's attack maneuvers, they opened
fire on him.  Fortunately, he had already anticipated their attack and he
skidded to the side to avoid the barrage of searing lasers.  Shoji reached the
column's side of the droids and gave out a battle cry.  He sliced two of the
mechs in half, jumped on top of their burning bodies, and barrel flipped in
mid-flight to avoid oncoming fire.  Shoji dropped a smoke bomb as he reached
the floor.  The smoke was released as he landed in front of the column, within
a split second, he turned around and charged his inner energy.  As he charged,
he felt a solid pain swelled up from his side due to his inner channeling. The
zero units tried regain order within the confusion, they finally found Shoji
but another three quarters of the column was destroyed by Shoji's energy
blast.  Shoji tried to charge forward but a surge of excruciating pain coursed
throughout the side of his body.  Shoji hugged himself with one arm trying to
regain his focus and dull the pain a little.  As he concentrated, he can taste
the faint bitterness of blood.  Suddenly, three zero Units rammed into his
side and slammed him against the bulkheads.  Shoji screamed in agony as an
overwhelming flood of pain bombarded his senses.

A few clicks away, Aeka immediately felt more uneasy when she felt a presence
calling out to her.  The escape pod was near approaching the landing docks of
Tsunami.  Mihoshi looked over to Aeka and noticed that the princess was in her
battle suit.

"A-Aeka!?!" Mihoshi asked nervously.  "W-what do you think you're doing?"

"I'm going to back to Shoji."  Aeka said quickly without a hint of hesitation.

Mihoshi moved forward to Aeka and held the princess's arm.  "You can't!!  It's
too dangerous!"

"I don't care." Aeka said stoically. The she repelled Mihoshi's arm away with
her force field and surrounded herself within the barrier.  Aeka opened the
pod doors, flew out into the vacuums of space.  Mihoshi watched helplessly as
Aeka exited the pod, immediately, Mihoshi closed the pod doors to return back
to the Tsunami.

Using, her natural Juraian power and training, Aeka channeled all her rage and
passions into flying back to Shoji's side as soon as possible.  Like a red-
purple shooting star, Aeka shot through the battle field of space.

Meanwhile, the four remaining zero units were on top of Shoji, pain and anger
continued to boil within the struggling knight.  Under the attacks of blows
and punches, Shoji closed his eyes and focused his mind.  After several
moments,  the Knight repelled the zero Units off of him with the remainder of
his force field.  The wounded knight struggled to his feet, picked up his
energy blade and charged.  He neared towards the closest Zero Unit and chopped
off it's stubby mechanical arm.  Shoji terminated the unit with another slice
of the blade.  Then, two of the remaining units confronted Shoji with a new
attack.  One of the Units tethered an energy whip around Shoji's neck,
strangling him while the other shot lasers at him.

Sensation after new sensation of pain wreaked havoc through out the knight's
body.  Shoji fought the temptation to throw up, he gritted his teeth and tried
for one risky maneuver.  He shot his energy blade at the whip wielding Zero
unit, destroying the monstrosity.  The whip that strangled him dissipated and
he painfully ran towards his blade while the other Zero Unit shot at him.

Shoji finally reached his blade as he began to pull the blade from the body of
the destroyed zero, the last zero appeared and shot a charged bolt of laser at
the knight.  The laser exploded in front of Shoji and kept him away from his
weapon.  He was on his back, his vision blurry, the only thing he felt was
pain which told him that he was still alive.  Shoji coughed up  blood and as
he gradually regained his vision.  The last two Zero Units were jetting
straight towards him.  Shoji turned over to his side and quickly leaned
upwards.  The zero units were closing on Shoji as he regained his footing and
got into a ready stance.  He breathed hard and deep, suddenly, a wave pain
surged through him and he fell forward and landing on his knees.  At the very
last moment, the Zero units were swept off by an unseen projectile and
destroyed.  Not caring whatever happened to the droids, the knight lost all
his remaining strength due to overwhelming pain and fell back flat on his
back.

Aeka made it in time to destroy the last Zero Units before they reached Shoji.
As the machines exploded, Aeka turned around and saw Shoji laying in a pool of
his own blood.

The site of Shoji's battered body shook Aeka.  "Shoji!!" Aeka screamed as she
ran towards him.  The princess reached his side and kneeled close to him.

"No…"  Shoji whispered.

"What, Shoji, what?"  Aeka asked her eyes welling up, her nose almost running.

"You…deactivate…the…the…"

Aeka quickly understood.  She stood up and looked down at him.  "I'll.."  Aeka
struggled.  "I'll be back, Shoji."

As she turned towards the bridge's entryway, she saw that under the battle
ravaged face of the knight, laid a very slight smile.  Aeka used her limited
abilities of flight and shot towards the bridge.  She reached the bridge and
headed straight towards the terminal that activated the jamming device.  In
the middle of the room, the huge view screen showed the progress of battle, at
the moment, the good guys were about to fallback.

Aeka switched the jamming off and immediately, the Flagship Tsunami began to
glow brightly.  On the view screen, Tsunami glowed, several bright rays of
astral light shot from the battleship and into the other Juraian Ships
activating each ships' space trees.  All the Juraian ships began to form their
individual light-hawk wings.

"Tsunami's power is finally released."  Aeka stated as she watched Onimaru's
legacy began to crumble.

Aeka sprinted back to Shoji's side.  She reached the knight and held him
close.  Aeka placed her left cheek against his forehead.  A tear rolled down
her cheek and landed on Shoji's closed eyelids.

"Shoji?" Aeka called out.

No response.  Aeka checked his wrist and chest, there's no pulse and he isn't
even breathing.  The knight was silent.

"I'm…"  Aeka said and wept. "I'm so sorry I couldn't be here any sooner…"

Aeka wept hard and silent as she held the noble knight in her arms.

"I never had the chance to say thank you…" Aeka said regretfully.  "And…and…"

Aeka was interrupted by a peculiar sound coming from under Shoji's battle
garment.  She listened focused in on the melodious sound and listened hard.
She reached into the garment's pocket and took out a small music box.  The
music it played was sweet and simplistic Aeka always loved it.  The music box
use to be Aeka's until she gave it to Shoji as token of their friendship and
love.

To be realeased...
