DISCLAIMER:I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE TENCHI CHARACTERS.DON'T SUE ME!
HOWEVER SOME OF THE CHARACTERS BELONG TO ME.THEY COME OUT OF THE BEAUTIFUL
MIND THAT IS MINE^_^.

(writer)RyokoDemoness
(partner)Lil' Ryoko
RYOKO'S MATCH VOLUME 1
cocovampire2000@yahoo

The sun shined on the sleeping cabbit Ryo-oki.She opened one yellow catlike
eye and began sniffing the smells of Sasami cooking breakfast she hopped
from her stone where she had slept waiting for Ryoko to return from her
night out.

Meanwhile....................
A  muscular blue haired girl was escaping through a portal to another
dimension.
"Mabey if I'm in another dimension entirely he won't find me".She had a
blood stained
body suit on which had been slightly ripped on the side.
She slammed her fist on the panel as it lit up in a show of lights
Not looking she punched in a few commands on the control panel.
In a burst of light she was gone.
As the computer put her to sleep she dreamed of finally becoming free.
............................................................................

"Gimmie a cookie right now you Demon woman as the crowned princess of Juri I
order you".
"Why don't you go marry one of your brothers,Ayeka".
"Ryoko, I'm going to have to hurt you if you don't get down here and give me
a cookie!"

Suddenly they heard footsteps coming down the steps the girls immediately
quit fighting
and sat on the couch each doing their own thing.
Good mourning Tenchi they said in unison they glared at each other.

Ryoko teleported to Tenchi's side she quietly whispered in his ear.

"Why did you leave so early last night?
Tenchi blushed"What are you talking about,Ryoko?"
Ayeka jumped from where she sat she gave Ryoko a look that said I wish you
were never born.

"You always go to far."Ayeka said with a twitch in her eye.

Tenchi sighed and walked outside.Mioshi and Kionaye would be home from
patrol in at least an hour.
Sasami rang the bell for lunch."Hurry people its getting cold". The young
princess scowled at everyone's  tardiness.


"This looks great Sasami again you've outdone yourself".Tenchi said with a
smile.
"Thank you Tenchi".She said with a giggle.
After breakfast everyone sat chatting about what they were going to do that
day.

"I think today I'll end world hunger"Washu said with a devious grin.
"Either that or devise a rocket to blow the universe up!" mwwaaahahahahahaha

"Whatever just don't blow the house up".Ryoko said laughing

All the sudden it got dark they ran outside to see the sun was eclipsed by a
ray of light unlike any other,
and something had fallen out of it!

"Its going to hit the ground"Sasami yelled.

"Not if the greatest scientific mind has anything to do with it"and with
that she flipped a small pink cube on the earth as it hit it blew up to the
size of an elephant.

"Wow,something Washu made that isn't defected."Ryoko said sarcastically

As they watched the object fall it became more visible until Ayeka screamed
"its a girl!"
They didn't have time to react she hit the pink bubble in a huge splat.
Tenchi didn't know what to say all he could muster was a "oh no".

Washu looked at Ryoko and with her telepathy told her to fly up and see if
the young woman was alright.Ryoko nodded as if she already knew what was
going to be there when she flew up.

Ayeka ordered Azaka and Kamadakie to fly up with Ryoko and see.

"Is she alright Ryoko?"Tenchi said coming out of his daze.

Ryoko looked at what seemed to be a small ball of energy it was a pale blue
and it looked like it was running out.Looking at the girl Ryoko noted she
had blue hair that was below her waist.She was wearing a dark purple body
suit it was stained with blood and had a small tear on the side.
Deep in thought she almost didn't see her movement.She slowly got up and
looked around at her surroundings.
Ryoko couldn't quite hear her but it sounded like she was laughing not an
insane laugh but
a joyful laugh.

"What is this girls deal"? Ryoko said suspiciously.
............................................................................
                                                     Meanwhile in the Soja
"What are you talking about she's gone?" A young guard looked angrily at the
second in comand.
"Do you know how much trouble I'm going to get into?" Lord Kagato is going
to kill me,he looked away
literally".
The young man slowly walked to the throne room."Lord Kagato,I find in my
most sincere regrets that
Mioko has escaped."
The room fell silent and the stench of death filled the room.
The dark shadows that covered the throne were lifted and a figure stood
still.In the light you could see that he was wearing round glasses with his
wavy gray hair pulled back in a low ponytail.

"Good".Kagato said with small chuckle.

The astonished guard looked up with a bit of hope that he would live another
day.
Then that hope was crushed as a sword was swung and all he saw was blood as
he clenched his throat in pain.
"I was just waiting for her to escape with all you incompetent fools around
here"! He said
His sword disagreed.

"You wait Mioko when I find you all hell is gonna break loose".After saying
this he wen't into a historical laugh.
......................................................................................................................................................

"So what do you think,Ayeka"?"Is she from Juri"?Tenchi said.

Ryoko had brought down the girl and as soon as she said her name she
fainted.

"This is to weird". said Ayeka she kept going over her name like it was a
secret password to something she had to know."Mioko,where have I heard that
name"?

"Well, I think we should let her stay it doesn't seem like she knows anyone
on this planet

"Correction,not only does she not know anyone but she's never seen another
human being!"
Everyone gasped
"Really,how'd ya find that out Washu?"
"Its simple little Ryoko,I checked her data base."
"Data base?"Sasami said with confusion.
"Her head" Washu was starting to get annoyed.
"Well I think we should just wake her up and ask her these questions."Ryoko
said looking at Washu
Washu got the message and went to wake her up.They put her in Washu's lab so
she could heal.
 They all pilled into the lab and watched as Washu walked to a control panel
hit some buttons
at lightning speed.The doors opened to reveal her in some kind of a tank.

The water was drained and she stood there in the drenched body suit she
grabbed her side and looked at her hand and since she didn't see any blood
she assumed she had been helped by these people.

Tenchi reached his hand out and said"Hi my name is Tenchi Masaki you told us
your name was
Mioko and then you fainted we put you here to heal.How are you feeling?"

She looked at his hand with suspicious eyes.She simply said in a low
tone"Where am I ?"
"Your at the Masaki shrine.does that answer your question?"Ryoko could tell
she already Did not like this person by the way she looked at her Tenchi.

"Yes it does Ryoko" Mioko said. She looked better at least now you could get
a better look at her
she had golden eyes that seemed to shimmer when she talked.

Ayeka was starting to think this might be some competition when Ryoko picked
her up off the floor.
"Now I know who you are."Ryoko's sword gleamed in her hand" and I'll take
care of you now."
.............................................................................


Who is this mysterious young girl ?Why is she here? What are her intentions?
Do these pants make my butt look big? Why is Ryoko so tense around this
girl?
Why doesn't Tenchi just pick one of the girls? All will be answered in the
next episode.
Volume 2 Life's Tuff so get a Helment

        Live life to the fullest
Life is a fallen rose apon the marble floor of
destiny.
Yearning to be molded into a perfect being of truth
and love.
Wanting to be blessed by the sweet lips of
glory.
To be hugged by the golden wings of an
angel.

^_^ THATS A SONG I'M WORKING ON THERE WILL BE MORE INCLUDED IN THE
NEXT EPISODE .
TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK BUT ON THE SUBJECT SAY THAT YOU WANNA COMMENT.
cocovampire2000@yahoo.com
















