Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Alpha! 
Chapter 4A: Aeka Canon
By Long T. Tran 
 

This chapter is written for and dedicated to the Stingmaster.


Disclaimer:


The Characters you're about to read are created and owned by AIC/ 
Pioneer.  This fic written just for entertainment purposes and not 
for moneymaking.


Author's notes:


The Aeka contents of this chapter were inspired by a baroque 
classical Piece called Pachebel's Canon.  Listen to this classical 
piece to get the Feeling of this chapter.  The music can be found on 
the Evangelion Death Soundtrack.  Btw, sorry for the long wait!


---------------------------------------------------------------------  


Noon at the Bus Stop


Aeka was at the bus stop nervously waiting for Tenchi's return.  
Shoji stood next to Aeka like any guardian should.  He looked forward 
into meeting the young Juraian prince.  Sasami was back at the house 
cooking up some lunch to welcome back Tenchi and Ryoko.  Washu was at 
her usual place in the lab doing her usual research on the collected 
data from the duel yesterday.

After a few minutes of agonizing anticipation,  the bus finally 
arrived and stopped.  As the door opened, Aeka took in a breath and 
watched as Tenchi stepped out of the bus.  

"Welcome home, Lord Tenchi."  Greeted Aeka.

"Thank you, Aeka."  Tenchi said as he returned Aeka's greeting, 
Tenchi looked over and noticed a Juraian male standing beside the 
princess.  

"Tenchi, while you were gone, the King of Jurai has made a major 
change concerning my safety."  Aeka announced.  

"Really?  What change?"  Tenchi inquired. 

"This is my new guardian, Shoji Takazawa.  He is a member of the 
Juraian Royal Guard."

Shoji steps forward and bows his head to Tenchi.  "I've been looking 
forward in meeting you, Lord Tenchi."  

"Uhh...Really?  Thanks, nice meeting you too."  Tenchi replied 
dumbly.  

Aeka looked around and searched for Ryoko. "Where is Ryoko?  Did she 
come home with you?" 

"Yeah, she did.  Ryoko was with me throughout the trip but as soon as 
the bus stopped, she just disappeared."  

"I...see."  Aeka replied.     

"Well, I gotta go and unpack."

"Alright.  I will talk to you later, there is something I wish to 
discuss with you...in private."

"Okay, that's fine.  When?"  

"Will it be alright if I see you in ten minutes?" 

"Sure, I don't mind. I need to talk to you as well."  Tenchi said, a 
little nervous.  Tenchi turned away from Aeka and faced Shoji. "I 
hope to talk to you in order to better acquaint myself ."

"Likewise."  The Knight responded kindly and smiled. 

Tenchi smirked in return and bowed his head to Shoji and walked off 
towards the house.    

"I can see why you are fond of him." Shoji commented. "What are you 
going to speak to him about?"  

"I hope to accomplish one important thing."  

"What is it that you hope to accomplish?"

"First and foremost, I hope to achieve resolution."  

"Resolution?"  Shoji inquired.

"I am taking your advice,  I must consider all possibilities.   Today 
will be the day where all the fighting, all the quarrels will end, 
and all the pain will be taken away."  

"Even if it opens the door to an even greater pain?  Are you willing 
to go through it?"  

Aeka looked away from Shoji hiding the pained facade.  She regained 
her composure and looked at Shoji.  "Yes."  

"As simple as that?  Just a yes?"    

Aeka stood silent to Shoji's remark. "I will see you later."  Aeka 
said as she started her way towards the Masaki home. 

"Princess Aeka?"

Aeka stopped and turned around somberly. "Yes?"  

"Please don't hesitate to talk to me.  I will be around if you need 
me."

Aeka peered at the knight and smiled. "Thank you."   


Tenchi and Aeka 


Tenchi unpacked his belongings from his back pack.  

<Why didn't I say a word to Ryoko on the way home from Naroda Beach? 
No wonder, that's why she just left me on the bus.  She's upset.  Why 
am I so nervous around her?  I was the one who kissed her!  I should 
be the one to talk, not her!>  Tenchi thought angrily.  

"Lord Tenchi?  May I come in?"  Said, Aeka's voice on the side of the 
door.

Tenchi quickly straightened up. "Uh sure, Aeka.  Please, come on in."  

Aeka stepped through the doorway, walked over to Tenchi's bed and sat 
down.  She watched silently and patiently as Tenchi placed the last 
of his belongings into the cabin drawer.  Tenchi turned around and 
sat on his desk chair backwards directly across from Aeka.  Aeka read 
his face carefully and noticed the nervous look.

"Tenchi, what seems to be bothering you?" 

"Aeka..., I..."  Tenchi trailed nervously. 

"What is it, Tenchi?"  

<You love me?  Is that what you're trying to say?>  Aeka thought, 
hopefully.  <No, Aeka, do not jump ahead of yourself.>  

"I guess the reason why you're here is to find out what happened 
between Ryoko and myself at Naroda Beach, right?" 

Aeka was starting to get nervous but quickly shrugged it off.  "Well, 
not really one of the reasons but I have to admit, yes I am curious 
about your trip to Naroda.  But I am mainly here to talk about our 
relationship."  

"Yes, our relationship.  Well..."  

Aeka noticed Tenchi's apprehensiveness and decided to move the 
conversation along.  "Before you say anything about your outing with 
Ryoko let me state that you are very dear to me."  

Tenchi silently listened as Aeka spoke.  

"Tenchi, I am in love with you."  

Tenchi froze at Aeka's confession. <This is definitely not going to 
be easy.  How am I going to tell her about my feelings towards 
Ryoko?>  Tenchi thought heavily with guilt. "Aeka, I..."  Tenchi 
started to responded.  

Aeka quickly but gracefully stood from Tenchi's bed and stepped over 
to Tenchi.  She crouched down in front of Tenchi and immediately 
placed her right hand over Tenchi's mouth to prevent him from saying 
anything else.  

"Tenchi, please do not say a word.  I must tell you what I have 
contemplated over the last recent days.  Can you hear me out before 
you say anything?"  

After a moment of silent thought, Tenchi nodded his head under Aeka's 
hand.  Aeka gave a slight bitter-sweet smile and removed her hand 
from Tenchi's mouth.

"What I am about to tell you will, hopefully, put your mind at ease. 
I will ask a simple question and in return, all I want is a simple 
answer."

Aeka stepped back and sat down at her place on Tenchi's bed.  She 
gazed into Tenchi's nervous-but-caring eyes and carefully considered 
which words to speak. 

"Tenchi, I have lived with you for nearly two years and we both have 
been through a lot.  Do you remember the first time I arrived here on 
earth?" 

"Yes, I remember very clearly.  That'll be a day I'll never forget." 

Aeka smiled nostalgically and nodded. "Indeed, at first, I was 
searching for Yosho because I was still in love with him.  Even 
though Our marriage was arranged and despite my feelings towards him, 
he did not share the same sentiments.  Instead, he diverted my 
attention away from him and now, to you.  At first, I was not sure 
about my feelings towards but as the days and weeks passed by I 
gradually fell in love with you.  Unfortunately, I was never able to 
tell you, until now."  

Once again, Aeka stood up from where she sat and crouched in front
of Tenchi, she gently held on to both of his hands and gazed into his 
eyes.  Tenchi did not flinch at Aeka's sudden boldness he carefully 
listened on.

"Tenchi, ever since I met you my heart has grown to love you.  I know 
that you were unable to tell me anything at all about your feelings 
towards me it was mainly due to the fact that Ryoko and myself are 
constantly fighting over you.  It has been that way for the past two 
years and now..."  Aeka was suddenly quiet, struggling to hold back 
any involuntary tears.  

"And now, what?  Aeka?"  Tenchi asked.

<I must not shed a tear, I must be strong.> Aeka thought adamantly.

Aeka regained her composure. "And now, things will be different from 
this conversation and on.  Ever since you were gone with Ryoko at 
Naroda beach, I knew that things will never be the same. I must ask 
you this question and my request."  

"Request?"

"You will know soon enough."  

Tenchi readied himself as Aeka contemplated. 

<How should I ask him?  Tenchi, do you love me?  Would you like to 
spend the rest of your life with me?  Sharing a love that is truly 
special?>  Aeka introspected. 

"Tenchi, do you love Ryoko?"  

Tenchi was caught off guard by Aeka's question.  "Aeka, I, I..."  He 
studdered. 

"Please, Tenchi, this is a yes or no question.  Do you love her?"    

Tenchi looked away from Aeka's gaze, for a long silent minute Tenchi 
did not say one word as he thought.  As time rolled by, Aeka held her 
heart with a tight grip waiting for Tenchi's reply.  

"Yes." 

"T-Tenchi..."  Aeka faltered a bit, without shedding a tear.  She 
looked away from Tenchi.

"I'm, I'm sorry Aeka." 

Aeka immediately gazed at Tenchi with bold amethyst eyes. "No! Do not 
ever say you are sorry! You did very well.  I thank you for being 
honorable by staying honest and truthful."  

"Being 'honorable' doesn't really excuse me for having to make you 
wait on me for nearly two years."  

"Tenchi, a few minutes ago, I mentioned to you about a request."

"Yes?" 

Aeka was hesitant but regained her mindset.  "Tenchi, you must keep 
this between us.  Nobody must not know about it."

"Alright." 

"Tenchi..., will you..." Aeka looked away, struggling to keep her 
tears from welling up.

"Will I, what?  Aeka?"

"Will you kiss me?"  

Tenchi did not respond.  For a silent moment, he gazed at her.  Aeka 
held Tenchi's hands grasping them tighter.  

"I know, it is a very bold request but please,  all I want is piece 
of you before I move on.  Just to feel what it feels like to have 
your lips against mine.  Your touch...  Please,  I need a little 
piece of heaven before I realize my reality."  

Tenchi didn't say a word.  Instead, he stood up from his chair and 
wrapped his arms around Aeka.  They held each other tight.  Instead 
of tears of sorrow, Aeka cherished the moment she had longed for.  
She knew she didn't have time to be sad, finally, after a day and a 
half of lingering on a thread of anxiety.  The loose thread has been 
tied. Tenchi looked at Aeka and ran his hands down her face.  Aeka 
closed her eyes as she sensed his hands caressing her cheeks.  Tenchi 
slowly placed his lips on Aeka's.  Aeka felt warmth and wholesomeness 
through the shared contact.

Aeka hugged Tenchi even tighter and felt his soft lips.  After five 
cherished-eternal minutes Aeka broke away from Tenchi's lips.  She 
stepped away from him and walked towards the door.  She placed her 
fingers along her lips and smiled in a bitter-sweet manner. 

"Aeka..., what is to going to happen now?  Are you going to leave 
earth?"

"No, not yet.  I must make peace before doing so." 

Tenchi understood and nodded.    


Ryoko and Washu 


Inside the warm environment of the floating Onsen, Ryoko walked 
around the different sets of bathing pools, she planned on adding a 
new feature.  In her hands she held the blueprints to the onsen,  
ready to make some new modifications for the construction of the 
onsen's new feature, a Jacuzzi.  Ryoko paused for a few moments and 
thought about all the events that occurred during her date with 
Tenchi.  From rescuing a kid's life to nearly losing her own.  Ryoko 
thought about the weird irony of being the Rescuer turned rescuee.  
And then, she thought about the one thing that really made the date 
worthwhile...  

<Tenchi kissed me...>  Ryoko initially thought. <But did he do it out 
of sympathy or did he do it out of love?  I was hoping that he would 
say something, anything about the kiss on the way home but he didn't.  
Maybe I shouldn't have left him on the bus.>  Ryoko tiredly sighed.  

"Well, well, hello Little Ryoko."  Said Washu, sitting in one of the 
warm pools.  

Startled by a second presence, Ryoko quickly calmed down. "Oh, it's 
just you, Washu." 

"Just me?  What ever happened to hello?"

"Okay, fine.  Hello."  

Washu sighed.  "Sarcasm, sarcasm. So..." 

"So, what?" 

"How was your date with Tenchi?  Or do I have to wring it out of you 
with a neural vice?" 

Ryoko looked away painfully at Washu's question.

"What's wrong?"  

"I don't know...I just don't know."  

"What do you mean by that?  What happened out there?"

Ryoko quietly answered Washu's question through the mind-link.  
Through the long minutes of silence, Washu rode the memories of 
events which occurred during Naroda beach.  Washu saw the images of 
the Beach hunk,  the dolphins, the rescuing of a young boy, the dance 
with Tenchi, sensations of drowning, Tenchi rescuing and kissing 
Ryoko...

Washu pulled away from the mind-link and studied Ryoko for few 
moments.  

While waiting for Washu's reaction, Ryoko decided to soak her feet 
into one of the nearby pools.  As she sat down and dunked her feet 
into the warm waters.

"It looks like you had a really full day."  Washu said, breaking the 
silence.

"Yeah, you can say that."

"So what happened after the kiss?"  

"Nothing.  Absolutely, nothing."  Ryoko replied looking down.

"You mean, Tenchi didn't say a word of it?"

Ryoko nodded solemnly.

"Nothing at all?  Did you say anything to him?"

Ryoko shook her head negatively.  

"Why didn't you?"

"I don't know..., I figured I've been too aggressive with him lately 
and..." 

"And what?"

"I don't know,  I finally reached this far, and yet...I don't know 
what's next between Tenchi and myself.  What do I do now?"

"Hmmm.  That's a good question, Ryoko.  What do you do now?"  

"I don't know!  I'm asking you, am I?  Aren't you the number one 
genius scientist of the universe?"  Ryoko yelled out.  

"Let me ask you this, why are you so nervous?  I've never seen you 
like this before."  

"I'm not sure why I'm so nervous.  Huh.  Look at me, I'm actually 
trembling."  

"What's the core of all your anxiety?"

Ryoko thought about Washu's question for a moment and looked down 
into the water. "Fear." 

"Fear?  Fear of what?"

"I'm afraid that, this is all too good to be true and somehow,  
everything will not turn out the way I originally I hoped for." 

"Ooh, I see.  I guess I can understand your anxiety abit." 

"Oh really?  Then tell me, genius.  What do you know of my anxiety?"  

Washu pulled her feet out from the water and stood up. "Well, since 
you asked, I might as well tell you.  You were imprisoned in that 
cave for Seven hundred years." 

Ryoko shuddered at the word 'cave'. "Please don't remind me."

"For all those years you had no way of contacting the outside world 
but the most you were able to achieve is being able to observe what's 
going on outside the cave.  Correct?"

Ryoko shook her head affirmatively.  

"Then, one day, you see a baby boy named Tenchi Masaki.  Now, I 
wonder, what is it about him that had you interested in him in the 
first place?"  

Ryoko smiled a bit , she closed her eyes and thought about Tenchi 
when she first laid eyes on him.  "Even though people did pass by the 
cave, Tenchi was different, he was able to feel my presence.  He was 
the only one who saw me.  Ever since seeing that beautiful baby boy, 
I vowed to meet him and to love him."  

"You watched Tenchi Masaki grow from a baby to a handsome young man 
and then you tried to find a way to escape from the cave.  Through 
the years, as you searched for a way out,  your body started to decay 
as a result of using all your energy.  And then disaster struck, 
Tenchi was inside the cave, exploring."

"Please don't remind me!  He wasn't even supposed to see me as a 
mummy!"  Ryoko shouted covering her ears. 

"okay, okay.  I'll skip that part."

Ryoko lightened up.  "Thank you."

"So finally, you meet Tenchi."  Washu continued on. "Of course, I 
won't comment on your first approach.  He thought you were going to 
kill him, which basically, made your chances even slimmer.  To make 
things worse,  you had rivals for Tenchi's love.  Aeka comes along, 
Mihoshi, and maybe even Sasami.  Your chances with Tenchi gets 
slimmer and slimmer.  That's how it is, until yesterday, when he 
first kissed you."

"You make it sound so simple."  

"Why should it be so difficult?"

"I see your point." 

"So what now?  What are you going to do about your relationship with 
Tenchi?"

Ryoko contemplated for few silent minutes.  Finally she pulled her 
feet out of the water and faced Washu. "I think I better go talk to 
him, instead of me waiting on him."

"Sounds good to me.  Try not to be too aggressive with him, ok?"

"Hey!  You don't have to remind me!  I think I'm a little mature 
since then."  Ryoko snarled.

Washu was silent then the red-head smiled at her daughter. 

"Thanks."

"Anytime, Little Ryoko." 

Ryoko ignored the title 'Little' and made her way towards the door of 
the onsen.

"Oh!  By the way, Ryoko!"  

Ryoko impatiently turned around. "Yes?  What is it now?"

"I almost forgot to remind to you,  can you drop by the lab later on 
today?" 

"Sure, I guess.  What time?"

"Sometime this evening, right after dinner."

"Alright, I'll be there.  But don't try anything funny!"  

Washu made an innocent face. "What?  Little ol' me?  I'm harmless!" 
  
"Yeah, right."

Ryoko stepped out of the onsen and she made her way towards the 
Masaki home.  Ryoko finally reached the front door and proceeded to 
open the doorway but as she reached, Aeka stepped out.  Both girls 
bumped into each other painfully.  Aeka fell to the floor and Ryoko 
stumbled backwards.  A bit of anger surged through Ryoko but she 
quickly extinguished the emotion,  she walked over to Aeka and helped 
the princess to her feet.  As Aeka stood up, Ryoko noticed the pained 
look on Aeka's face and was also startled by the fact that Aeka 
didn't yell at her.  Ryoko gazed into Aeka's amethyst eyes and 
noticed hidden anger, sorrow, and pain buried within.

Aeka looked away from Ryoko and regained her composure.  "Th-thank 
you."  Aeka gratified softly and slowly walked off towards the Holy 
Tree.  

Ryoko gazed with concern as Aeka gradually disappeared into the 
woods.  Instead of going up into Tenchi's room, Ryoko carefully 
tailed after Aeka.          


Aeka  


Under the bright sun, the Juraian tree; Funaho, provided shadow.   
Aeka hopped over a few stepping stones and reached the shady area of 
under the tree.  She quietly sat down, closed her eyes, and tears 
welled up.

<Why?>  She asked herself sadly.  <Why must I be kept from true 
happiness?>  

The thought of Tenchi and Yosho, the only men she loved in her life,
did not love her.  This realization struck her the hardest, the 
reality of knowing that the two, especially Tenchi, were not 
interested in her heart's investment.  First of all, she came to 
earth searching for her beloved fiance, only to find that Yosho had 
chosen to avoid the throne as well as marrying her.  Secondly,  Yosho 
attempted to start a relationship between her and Tenchi.  Instead of 
a flowering relationship, she waited and fought for nearly two years 
only to have found that Ryoko earned her special place in Tenchi's 
heart. 

Twice she had paid the painful price through hope, creating, and 
fighting.  Investing her emotional commitment, her soul, and her 
chance to experience any real love.  All of which hangs in the 
balance of the men who had made their decision.  The only price that 
Yosho and Tenchi paid for their own happiness was Aeka's sacrifice of 
her dreams of being ever close to them.   

Aeka began to cry, cursing fate under her anguished breath.  Will it 
ever stop playing cruel games of her emotions?  Is she forever 
condemned in such a cold cycle of hope and sorrow?  Her tears 
streamed from her eyes even harder, turned pink from pain and 
frustration.  After a while of silent tears and sorrow, Aeka laid 
down on her back and watched as the white clouds rolled across the 
serene the deep blue.  As the calm summer wind blew across her face, 
Aeka took In a breath of fresh countryside air and closed her eyes.   

As Aeka's mind slowly cleared and relaxed, she focused her thoughts 
on her first and last kiss from Tenchi.  The only good that came from 
her sacrifice was the fact that Tenchi kissed her out of pure 
commitment instead of motivated through the sense of obligation.  
After two years of waiting, she finally received her kiss.  Now, 
thanks to his kiss Aeka's heart is finally free.  No more worries of 
what Tenchi thinks of her because he had already chosen.  No longer 
will she worry about starting a committed relationship because Tenchi 
has already started one.  No longer will she worry about winning or 
losing a place in Tenchi's heart because Ryoko was already there.  
She is free.   

"Aeka?"  Asked a familiar female voice.

Aeka quickly wiped away her sad facade.  "Hello, Ryoko." 

"Were you crying?"  

"That is not important, right now.  I have been wanting to talk you 
today, Ryoko."  

Ryoko stood on one of the branches of Funaho, she descended next to 
Aeka on the ground.  As she touched ground, Ryoko noticed the veiled 
look on Aeka's face and noticed her pinkish face. 

<Yep, she cried alright.  Ok, Ryoko, try to be diplomatic.>  Ryoko 
thought to herself.

"Oh?  What do you want to talk about?"

Aeka internally fought out the words. "Tenchi."  

"Okay, what about him?  Has something happened?" 

"I will just put this simply to make it easier on me."

"Easier on you?"  Ryoko asked curiously with concern. 

"He has chosen to be with you."  

Ryoko stood silent not knowing how to react to Aeka's statements.

"I asked him myself, he truly does love you."  Aeka continued on. " I 
am proud to say that the fights and quarrels will no longer preside; 
it is truly over."  

Ryoko couldn't believe what she was hearing.  "Proud?  Are you?  
After two years of struggling to be with Tenchi, you'll just simply 
take this lightly and just give up?!?"  

"I am trying not to take it so hardly nor am I trying to take this 
lightly.  I am just finally accepting my true destiny.  I have been 
so foolish to let my emotions totally guide me, now, I must place 
myself back to my true reality."

"I, I, don't know what to say Aeka."  

"No need to say anything, Ryoko.  I just need you to promise me one 
thing."

"What?" 

"Promise me that you will take good care of Tenchi."

"Are you trying to tell me that you're leaving?"

Aeka suddenly shot an angry look at Ryoko.  "Ryoko, that is not 
important!  The matter that we are discussing; is.  You must promise 
me that you will take good care of Tenchi!" 

"At least tell me why you're giving up so easily!  This is not like 
you , you always give a good fight whenever Tenchi's concerned!"  
Ryoko yelled back.  

"Ryoko, please."  Aeka begged weakly as she sat on the ground, her 
shoulders slumped.  Tears began to roll down her cheeks. 

Ryoko felt sympathy for Aeka, never had she ever seen Aeka in such a 
vulnerable state.  Ryoko stood next to the sobbing princess and 
placed her hand on Aeka's shoulders.  Aeka summoned up all her 
strength and held back the remaining tears. 

Aeka struggled to speak under her pain.  "If it makes you promise, I 
will tell you why I am giving up."  The princess spoke, not looking 
up at Ryoko.  "As I said before, I asked Tenchi who he loved.  He 
told me he loved you.  I love Tenchi."  

Ryoko gently rubbed Aeka shoulder, doing her best to comfort Aeka in 
some way. 

"I love Tenchi so much I do not want to burden him any further by 
fighting you.  Don't you see, Ryoko?  I am thinking for his well-
being.  He chose you.  With my all my heart, I wish happiness for the 
both of you." 

"Aeka, I..." Ryoko struggled abit. "What about your happiness?"  

Aeka interrupted. "Right now, I am not thinking of myself, I just 
want You to promise me that you will take good care of him."  

Ryoko stood silent still rubbing Aeka's shoulder.  "Aeka, I promise." 

"Thank you, Ryoko."  

Then the silence passed over again between the two girls.  

"Ryoko?" 

"Yes, Aeka?"

"I need to be alone for awhile, I believe you were on your way to 
Tenchi's room when we bumped into each other a short while ago.  You
can go now, our talk here is finished." 

"Are you sure about that Aeka?  Do you still need somebody to talk 
to?"  

"I am sure.  Please go and talk to Tenchi." 

"Aeka, please know that I'll always be your friend and that I don't 
want to fight with you anymore, not over anything.  

"Ryoko, I trust that a new chapter has opened between you and I."

"You got that right, princess."  

Aeka did her best to smile but only managed slightly.

"I'll see you around."

"Alright."  

Ryoko turned from Aeka and disappeared into thin air.

As soon as Ryoko left, Aeka laid back down to the grass and closed 
her eyes.    

<Now that I have established peace with Ryoko, what do I do now?>  
Aeka thought.  <What do I deserve out of all this sacrifice and 
pain?> 

For long while she looked for an answer within.

"I am so tired..." 


Tenchi and Ryoko 


Ryoko teleported into Tenchi's room and found Tenchi sitting on the 
side of his bed, his shoulders slumped, he wore a nervous expression.

"Hello, Tenchi."  

Tenchi immediately looked up at the sound of Ryoko's voice.  "Ryoko!
I'm sorry for not saying anything to you on the bus."  

"It's ok, Tenchi. I understand."  Ryoko assured. "Tenchi?"

"Yes, Ryoko?"

"I just spoke with Aeka a few minutes ago."

"You did?  What did you two talk about?" 

"Aeka and myself have settled our differences, we won't be fighting 
over you anymore."  

"I, I was hoping for that kind of change.  Ryoko, about last 
night..."

Ryoko thought about the events that took place last night at the 
beach house and tried hard not to think about them. 

"Tenchi, please don't mention last night."  

"No, Ryoko.  I have to tell you this.  It's very important to me and
to you." 

"Ever since last night,  I have never been so worried, I thought I 
that I would lose you.  Ryoko...I..."  

"You what? Tenchi?"

Tenchi fought for the words that harbored his true feelings for 
Ryoko.

"...I...um...I..." Tenchi said and faltered nervously.
  
After a minute or so, Tenchi regained his composure and cleared his 
throat.  

"Ryoko,  I..." 

"You what?"  

"I love you.  Ever since last night,  I couldn't stop thinking about 
you.  I also realized that I couldn't imagine my life without you and 
the Fact that I almost lost a chance of getting to really love you on 
a Much more Intimate level.  I also want to apologize."

"Apologize? For what?"  Ryoko asked.

"I had you and Aeka waiting on me for all these years.  If I was
honest from the beginning things could've been different."

"No, Tenchi.  Don't apologize.  If I weren't so aggressive and over
protective, you wouldn't of felt so much pressure.  It should be me
who should be apologizing, not you." 

"Ryoko, don't say such a thing it should be me who should apologize."

"No, no Tenchi.  I should be apologizing." 

"Ryoko,  I should apologize." 

"Tenchi, you're wrong, I should apologize."  

"Don't be foolish Ryoko,  I was the core of all the fights and all
disappointments, so it should be me."  

"What?!?  Foolish?!  Is that what I'm being right now for being
considerate?" 

"No no!  That's not what I meant!  I was just saying that I should 
apologize!  Not you!"

"This is going no where... we're both being way to considerate, so 
I'll
settle this the usual way." 

"What do you mean? The usual way?  ERK!" 

Ryoko drew her red energy sword and held it at Tenchi's throat. 

"Now Tenchi darling,  I apologize for apologizing to you in this 
threatening manner and I'm sorry for being to aggressive to you.
Well?  Do you accept my apology?"  

Tenchi nodded quickly.  "Uh...Yes, Ryoko.  I accept your apology."

Ryoko's sword disappeared with a pop.  "Good!  Then that's settled."

Tenchi sighed in relief and smiled.  "You weren't really going to 
do such a thing, were you?  Ow!" 

Ryoko softly bopped Tenchi's head with her knuckle. "Of course not, 
silly!  
I wouldn't dare do a thing!  Why would I hurt the love of my life?  
My
most valued treasure." 

"Oh, uh thanks.  You still didn't have to hit me."  

"I'm sorry..."  Ryoko apologized and softly kissed Tenchi's head. 
"There!  Feel better?"  

Tenchi smiled sheepishly. "Um, much better.  Thanks." 

"Don't mention it."


Canon  


Meanwhile at Funaho's tree, Aeka began to think about what could have 
been possible if Tenchi chosen her instead of Ryoko, suddenly Aeka's 
thoughts were distracted by the sounds of something emerging from the 
forest.  Aeka quickly sat up and spotted Shoji. 

"Princess Aeka, did I come here at a wrong time?"  

"No, not really."  Aeka replied, then she noticed a peculiar headgear 
currently held Shoji's hand.  "I hope you do not mind me asking 
but..."

"Yes, princess Aeka?"

"What is that device you are holding in your left hand?"

"What?  This?  Here, let me hand this to you for your closer 
examination."  Shoji held up his gear and walked towards Aeka.  As
soon as he reached Aeka, he sat down next to her and handed the 
device to her.

Aeka studied at the curious device.  The gear resembled a baseball 
Cap except it had no bill, the material of the cap is combination 
Of different polymers and metals.  The sides of the cap had small
Ear flaps and on the front of the cap were attached goggles.  

"What is this thing, Shoji?"  Aeka asked.  

"That device you're holding is a kind of virtual reality machine."

"Really?  Where did you get it from?"

"It's a gift I received from a long time friend who used to be in 
the Galaxy Police."  

"What does it do?"

"It's just like any other virtual reality machine but with one 
exception.  Instead of participating in a game, you participate in
musical recital.  It's mainly a device that gives the wearer a since 
of participation of any musical engagement.  Which also includes any 
music from any culture within the known universe."  

"This is very interesting."  Aeka said, despite her sadness as she 
quietly looked for any kind of peace. 

"Of course, me being me.  I only have one music program installed
into this little device.  Would you like to give this device a try?"

"I would love to."  

"Here, let me help you get started."  Shoji scooted closer next to 
Aeka.  Aeka hands the VR music gear to Shoji.  The knight places the
The device onto Aeka's head, flipped the ear flaps over Aeka's ears 
And adjusts the viewing goggles to better comfort Aeka's eyes.  Next,
Shoji reached into his pockets and brings out and extra pair of 
Goggles and ear plugs.  He puts on the devices and plugs himself 
into the VR music gear.

"Shoji, I am ready."  

"Me too.  Ok, I am switching on the device."

Shoji presses the power button.  

Aeka found herself in a cool air-conditioned concert chamber.  She 
Immediately recognized that the architecture of the concert chamber 
Was Earth origin.  As she looked around, Aeka noticed that she was
Wearing a black concert dress, Sitting on a concert chair. Aeka also
found herself sitting in the center of a huge circle composed of the 
Earth String Orchestra.  She saw many individuals holding the same 
instrument of various sizes, mainly, the viola.  The orchestra had 
nothing but string instruments, cellos and various violas.  To her 
surprise, she saw Shoji sitting from across her, sitting at the 
harpsichord and wearing a black Tuxedo.   

"What shall I do next, Shoji?"

"Just sit back, listen, and just let the music soothe you."  Shoji
said and turned towards the violinists.  "Pachebel's Canon in D 
minor, String Orchestra."

In response to Shoji's commands, the entire string orchestra readied 
their instruments.  Shoji begun the first notes of the score with 
slow welcoming notes then the strings started to play along with him.  

[Listen to Canon!  And for those who are not into classical music
just think of that one special music that makes you feel at ease
whether it being rock, rap, country, or whatever.  When reading this
section think of that one special song that makes you relax despite 
whatever hell you went through.]

Aeka closed her eyes.  As the music piece continued its play, the 
calming and soothing quality alleviated Aeka of the stresses that 
plagued her.
  

Dinner 


"Come and get it!  Dinner's ready!"  Sasami yelled out throughout the 
house.  In a brief moment, Tenchi ran down the stairs and sat down at 
his place at the table.  

"Am I hungry!"  Tenchi said drooling.  "Here's one 
thing I missed while being at Naroda beach and that's your cooking 
Sasami!" 

Sasami blushed and giggled.  "Thank you, Tenchi!" 

A minute later Ryoko materialized next to Tenchi, to her surprise 
Tenchi for once, didn't flinch. 

< He would usually become nervous but this time, he didn't.  Looks 
like things are changing after all.>  Ryoko mentally noted.

A moment later Aeka walked into the dining area with Shoji following
Close behind.  Ryoko observed Aeka's mood and noticed that she looked
More calm and content then looking downward.  Tenchi noticed as well.
Aeka sat down next across the table from Tenchi instead of next to 
him And proceeded to eat her dinner.  

As dinner progressed, Sasami broke the silence.  "Guess what!"

"What's up Sasami?"  Asked Ryoko.

"I have a great idea on what we can do next week!  It's going to be 
fun!" 

"What is it kiddo?"  Ryoko asked again.

"Let's all go back to Planet Jurai!  The Startica festival is going to 
start and I would sure hate to miss it this year!"

"You are right Sasami, let us all go back home to Jurai and celebrate
the festivities." Aeka stated with a slight smile. "After all, it is 
the 10,000th Annual celebration of Startica."

"Why not?  Let's try something different!"  Tenchi Exclaimed.  Then 
he caught Ryoko's nervous expression.  "What's wrong, Ryoko?"

"Well, I would love to go to Jurai but there's  just this one little 
detail.  Wouldn't there be anybody who is still bound to carry some
bad grudge against me?  It's only been 700 years since I raided 
Jurai.  I'm not sure if they would just simply forget about that 
little incident."

"Yeah but it wasn't your fault that you raided Jurai.  You were under 
Kagato's control."  Tenchi retorted.

"I know, still,  those were done by my actions.  I don't know."

"Ryoko, do not worry of such things."

"Why not Aeka?"

"Because, the Jurai royal family gave you a full pardon with the 
approval of the Juraian Council.  The council is a Diplomatic 
government body.  All decisions and laws are approved by not the will 
of the representatives but by the people of Jurai.  So I would not 
worry about it."

"Okay, if you say so.  Then I'll go along."  Ryoko agreed 
apprehensively.

"YIPEE!!  We're all going to Jurai!"  Sasami said happily.

"When do we depart for Jurai?"  asked Tenchi.

"Within two days the Festival will start in five days and will last
for a week."

And so, dinner passed by without incident with something to look 
forward to in two days.    


Washu's Favor 


Ryoko floated into the pseudo-lab and thought about Tenchi.  She 
found Washu busy at the holocomputer-console.  Washu ceased her 
typing and turned around to find Ryoko.  

"Ah!  You're here!"

"Of course, I'm here!"  Ryoko said with a hint of annoyance. "You 
asked me to be here didn't you?  so, what's up?"

"Oh nothing much, I need you to help me for on my little research."

"What are you working on?"  

"I'm just testing out this new data-entry program for the 
holocomputer database." 

Ryoko walked up behind Washu and curiously peered over her shoulder 
to take a peek at the new program.  Washu sneaked a glance through 
the corner of her eye and beamed slightly.  Unaware, Ryoko leaned 
forward To take a closer study.

"Hmm..."  Ryoko commented softly as possible.  

"Interested?"  

Ryoko was caught off guard a bit and straightened up.  "No, of course 
not.  Why should I be?"  

Washu sighed. 

"Why do you need me here?" 

"I just need you to transfer a couple of files from the original 
database into the new one."  

"And what are you doing while I'm conducting all this data-entry?"

"I need to go feed the lab specimens.  Do as much as you can,  I'll 
be back in a few minutes."   Washu stated as she stood up from her 
floating chair.

"Um, alright."  Ryoko said unexcited and frowned, she sat down on 
Washu's chair and started her data-entry.  

Washu left Ryoko and walked around a corner,  she grabbed her mini-
camcorder.  Though the camcorder's viewer, Washu watched as Ryoko 
transferred data into the installed mock database which was actually 
a test program.  Ryoko looked bored as ever as she tapped at the 
keyboard slowly with her right fore-finger.  After a few minutes of 
recording Ryoko, Washu stepped out from behind the corner.  
Pretending to be exhausted, Washu let out a tired-like breath. 

"Phew!  Man, that was tiring!  Those lab specimens can get really 
hungry these days."  

"I'm sure they would, since you only feed them once a month.  Can I 
go now?" 

"Oh sure, Ryoko!  Thanks for your help."

<I wonder what Tenchi's doing?>  Ryoko thought curiously.

Ryoko stood up from her chair and headed toward the lab exit. "Yeah, 
ok.  I'll see you around.  OH!"  Ryoko turned around nearly 
forgetting Sasami's favor. 

"Yes, Ryoko?" 

"Just wanted to let you know, Planet Jurai is holding their annual 
Startica Festival.  You should come along since the whole crew
will be heading there.  Well?  Would you like to tag along?"  
    
"Sure!  Why not!  It's been awhile since I ever had any space travel.
Thanks for asking me!" 

"No problem.  Ok, I gotta go. See you around."

Washu watched as Ryoko exited the lab.  After a moment of waiting, 
the coast is cleared, Washu beamed wildly and turned her attention 
towards the holo-computer display.  She typed in a few commands and 
the screen flickered with the results of Ryoko's I.Q. Test.

"Very interesting..."  Washu said contently.  "looks like she's
very well compatible." 

Washu sits down in front of the computer and starts to tally up 
Ryoko's test results. 
 

Night Fall 


In the dark bedroom, Tenchi laid in bed for the past two hours, he 
tossed and turned fighting for a way to go to sleep.  Next to him,
Ryoko slept peacefully, she still had the lingering effects of
The drowning incident, mainly fatigue.    

"Ugh., I can't sleep..."  

Tenchi carefully removed himself out from bed, trying extra hard not 
to wake up Ryoko.  As Tenchi stood up, Ryoko rolled to her side.

"Tenchi..."  She whispered in her sleep.

Tenchi smiled and bent over to move her bangs aside, he kissed 
her forehead.

He headed towards the stairs for the kitchen.  As he walked down 
the flight of stairs he noticed that the lights were On In the 
kitchen.  As he stepped closer, he started to hear a person
Humming a light tune.

Tenchi stepped through the kitchen doorway.  "Aeka?" 

"Lord Tenchi?  What are you doing up so late?"

"I was about to ask you the same thing, I was down here hoping to
grab maybe a midnight snack to help myself to sleep.  And you?"

"I was also not able to sleep."

"Oh?  What's been keeping you up?"

"Today was a very emotional day for me.  I went through worry, 
sorrow, and anger." 

Tenchi suddenly looked hurt and guilt-ridden.  "I'm, I'm sorry to
Put you through that Aeka."

"Let me finish, Tenchi.  As of now,  by miraculous circumstances, I 
feel as though that I have a new sense of optimism towards my own 
well being."

"You do seem happier than you were this afternoon."

"You think so?" Aeka asked.

Tenchi nodded.  "What changed your mood?"

Aeka smiled and looked at Tenchi straight in the eye.  "The thought
Of returning home to Jurai for Startica and..."

"And what?"

"...and Canon."  

"Canon?  What do you mean by that?"

"Well, this afternoon, Shoji introduced me to one piece of Earth
Classical music and I must say.   It had quite an effect on me."

"How so?" 

"Let me just say that you do not have to worry about me.  I suggest 
you go back to bed and try to get some sleep."  Aeka said with a warm
smile. 

"Well, Goodnight Aeka.  I hope you get some night's sleep as well."

Tenchi Stepped over to Aeka and gives her the goodnight's hug. 

Aeka separated from Tenchi. "Don't worry I will.  Goodnight, Tenchi."

"Goodnight, Aeka." 

As Tenchi left the kitchen, Aeka's smile disappeared as quickly as 
it appeared.
 


To be continued...   



Forevermore

Original Japanese Lyrics: Natsuko Karedo
Composed & Arranged by Seikou Nagaoka
Vocal: Ai Orikasa

Feel the wind... feel the sun
And our new day has only begun
On the sand... by the sea
It's a peaceful oasis made for you and for me
Take my hand...

This place was always waiting
This beauty all around us
The air intoxicating
Just like the love that found us

* Let's forget who we've been
And give into the dream
Maybe life is a song
That's how it seems...

And forevermore we'll hear the music play
Yes forevermore I'll take you in my arms this way
And forevermore we'll know the melody
We will sing forevermore, just like the peaceful sea

Past the clouds... past the sky
We can only imagine what great mysteries lie
Other moons... other stars
Close your eyes and together we'll go wandering far
Take my hand...

This miracle's undying 
It never will forsake us
We'll always keep on flying
Wherever love may take us

(* Repeat)


Author's Notes: 


I would like to give special Thanks to Akodo X for providing the 
lyrics of Forevermore.  VERY Special thanks goes out to my editor, 
Minset and to my online editor Random.  And to my Pre-readers, 
RyokoMR, Cman, and BGlanders.


