Ryoko's happiness chapter one: End not yet in sight 
     Synopsis:  This is a perfect fic for Ryoko fans and ppl who 
believe in the Ryoko+ Tenchi equation.  
                                                       By: Reloida yuy       

    The wind blew her wild cyan hair around her face, it was very late 
in the evening and Ryoko had missed dinner to go flying and think as 
she often did. She mostly thought about Tenchi and she sometimes just 
sat and looked at the stars as she was doing now. The stars, how she 
loved the stars yet how lonely they could be so lonely and cold. She 
truly felt she belonged somewhere now she felt she belonged on earth. 

She flew back to the house quickly, she phased into tenchi's room to 
watch him sleep as she also often did it gave her a sense of calm and 
peace.  She often stayed until just before he woke up then went off and 
slept. Tonight though exhaustion got the better of her and she fell 
asleep floating over tenchi. 

Tenchi opened his eyes sleepily as his alarm clock blared in his ear he 
almost screamed when he saw Ryoko sleeping peacefully floating above 
him then he noticed her look she was serene and in his opinion like a 
sleeping angel he edged from under her and gently picked her up and lay 
her down on the bed. She turned over and mumbled his name then was 
still he got dressed and smiling at her he closed the door quietly so 
as not to wake her..

When he returned to the house for lunch he found the house empty except 
for Sasami .

" Hey sasami where is everyone?" tenchi asked. 

" Ayeka and the others went shopping and said they wouldn't be back 
until late tonight and Ryoko hasn't got up yet,  " replied the small 
princess.

Tenchi nodded and grabbed his plate and started to walk out when Sasami 
stopped him.

"Tenchi could you take Ryoko's lunch up to her? I was going to go and 
play with rhyo ohki," she said sweetly. 

Tenchi smiles and turned around he got a tray from the cabinet and 
placed both plates of food on it then he walked upstairs to his room 
and went in. He sat the tray down on the desk and walked over to the 
sleeping form of Ryoko.

" Ryoko wake up " he said quietly.

She stirred and turned over looking around until her eyes focused on 
him she sat up and yawned then looked around and her eyes got big and 
she looked a bit frightened.

" I'm sorry tenchi I was only watching you and I must have fell asleep 
I'll leave right now " she said getting ready to get up.

Tenchi stopped her and smiled.

" No it's ok Ryoko I brought you some lunch, " he said picking up the 
tray and bringing it over to her.

Astonished she took her plate and began to eat as he ate also. When 
they were finished they both walked downstairs without saying a word to 
one another. They found a note from Sasami saying she had went to the 
park Washu had made especially for her and her small cabbit friend.

 Tenchi looked at Ryoko who had poked him in the back while he was 
reading the note out loud.

" Tenchi im going for a walk I'll be back later thanks for lunch." She 
walked out of the room silently 

Tenchi stood there for a I minute then shaking his head then went back 
to the fields yet he didn't get very much work done his mind kept 
wandering to Ryoko sure she was tough and sometimes a bit lazy but she 
deserved a break after all how many people did he know who had been 
created in a mass tank by the universes greatest scientific genius and 
then kidnapped by her mother/creators student and made to kill 
thousands upon thousands of people under mind control? Not to mention 
being made to attack countless planets and colonies including the 
planet jurai, where a juraian prince called Yosho had chased her to 
earth and after many hours of combat sealed her in a cave for 700 years 
until he himself out of insane curiosity   had stolen the keys from his 
grandfather who just happened to be the same prince who had locked her 
in there and released the demon who was really just Ryoko. 
That was basically an excuse in his eyes to be tough like she 
was, yet Ayeka seemed to think differently because she was constantly 
reminding Ryoko of her faults yet she didn't seem to notice she was a 
lot like Ryoko indeed except for the fact she was a juraian princess 
and had been raised with manners and royal this and royal that all her 
life where Ryoko having been raised as a pirate really couldn't care 
less about what anyone but Tenchi himself thought. 
He was her world yet he didn't seem to notice because he was to 
busy trying to keep from hurting anyone of the six girls that currently 
lived with him Mihoshi and Kiyone the galaxy police partners loved him 
in a family sort of way and he often looked up to Kiyone in a little 
brother big sister sort of way, he looked at Mihoshi as his little 
sister considering she was the blondest person he had ever met. 
Sasami Ayeka's little sister was also like a little sister to him she 
was cute and happy all the time and did all the cooking and cleaning 
around the house except when the others were feeling generous enough to 
help out a little. Then there was Washu Ryoko's mother besides the fact 
that she was 25,000 years old and looked 12 she just wasn't his type. 
So it all came down to choosing between Ryoko and Ayeka he loved 
them both but knew he couldn't have it both ways, but then Ayeka 
was his great aunt and come to think of it he really didn't love 
her as anything but family even though on jurai it was a custom 
to marry ones family this wasn't jurai and it seemed almost 
laughable to him, but what about Ryoko? Did he love her any 
differently? He was still pondering the question he had just 
asked himself when he heard a large explosion in the direction of 
the house, he dropped his tools and ran all the way back to the 
house fearing the worst when he arrived in the front yard where 
he saw Ayeka and Ryoko charging their energy up for another round 
of one of their many fights. Before they were usually just 
playing but this time Tenchi could tell they were quite serious. 

" I didn't do anything to you princess so lay off!! " snarled 
Ryoko who was charging an energy orb up preparing to throw it at 
any minute. 

" Be that as it may miss Ryoko I am tired of you taking advantage 
of tenchi's immense kindness I come home and see you just sitting 
here it makes me angry beyond compare " Ayeka screamed back 
calling her log shield in behind her. 

Tenchi approached them cautiously, from what he heard Ayeka had 
attacked Ryoko for no reason and he knew that this time one of 
them would get hurt. 

" Girls.. please stop ." Tenchi pleaded urgently only to be 
completely ignored by both girls.
He could sense the anger flowing through both of their 
bodies and the hatred of one another was almost tangible in the 
air between them eyes wide with fear Sasami dragged him back to 
where she and the others had been watching. 
          

" Sasami what happened? " Tenchi asked 

" Well when I came out of Washu's lab from the park I came outside to 
get the laundry from the clothesline the others were just getting home 
and Ryoko was sitting on the steps watching me because I told her that 
I didn't need any help that's when Ayeka marched over to her and 
smacked her then blasted Ryoko with jurai power, Ryoko went flying 
about 50 feet and had a big cut on her forehead " Tenchi looked over to 
her and saw the cut now. Sasami continued, " Ryoko got up and charged 
her energy and that's when you came running in, Please Tenchi make them 
stop!! " she looked fearfully towards the two and burst into tears. 
	Mihoshi and Kiyone were standing side-by-side watching as if 
waiting for something to happen not saying a word. 

" Where's Washu?" asked Tenchi thinking that maybe she could help 
somehow.

" Locked in her lab, " sobbed Sasami 

It looked to Tenchi as though all he was going to be able to do was 
pray for both of their safety. He watched anxiously as they circled 
each other waiting for the other to make a move, then unable to control 
herself Ayeka threw a large blast of energy at Ryoko who caught with 
her guard down was thrown into the ground with such force that when the 
smoke and dust cleared she was lying in a small crater she coughed and 
struggled to climb out of it when she had succeeded in getting to her 
feet she glared coldly at Ayeka 

" I have come to a decision Ayeka I will not fight you because its 
pointless and I truly have no reason to fight you, I was sitting there 
waiting for you to come home so I could make peace with you and you 
attack me humph I give up " said Ryoko in a shaky and somewhat weak 
voice. 

" Fine demon die with your tail between your legs like the monster you 
are! " screamed Ayeka as she drew Tenchi-ken and it crackled to life. 

Tenchi's eyes widened. The sword had been tucked away in his dresser 
drawer hadn't it? He then remembered that anyone of jurain decent could 
summon the blade easily and watched in terror fearing the worst. 

	Ayeka charged at Ryoko swinging the blade at her full force. 
Ryoko dodged and stumbled falling on the ground at Ayeka's feet. Ayeka 
cackled mirthlessly and extinguished the blade she then knelt in front 
of Ryoko and smashed the hilt of the sword into Ryoko's stomach sending 
a current of electrical jurai energy surging through her body Ryoko 
screamed in pain and writhed trying to free herself of the swords grasp 
failing miserably she struggled more and more her screams filling 
Tenchi's ears like white hot fire. He ran to Ayeka and dragged her off 
of Ryoko just as her struggles ceased and she quit moving altogether. 
Ayeka stepped back smiling evilly feeling very pleased with herself.

	Tenchi shook Ryoko trying to revive her then as the tears began 
to stream down his face Washu burst from the house running to them and 
kneeling by her daughter in her adult form 

" Ryoko please, please wake up " she said tears filling her eyes as she 
held Ryoko in her arms " please don't die on me my baby I couldn't bear 
to lose another child " Washu felt for a pulse and her face brightened 
and she ran off to the house and into her lab carrying her daughter in 
her arms. 

	Tenchi followed her and washu shut the door behind him allowing 
no one else inside. She hurried deep into her lab and stopped laying 
Ryoko gently on a table and attaching lots of cords to her three gems. 
Washu typed furiously on her laptop for a couple minutes and then went 
over to where tenchi was gazing helplessly into Ryoko's face 





" Her condition is stabilized Tenchi at least for now I bet your 
thinking that this isn't really something that seems all that serious 
but tenchi you have to understand that what Ayeka did was give Ryoko a 
surge of pure jurai energy and her body couldn't handle it since she's 
only part jurain through her aunt Tsunami it overrode her plus she was 
touching the sword and that makes it worse since only those of royal 
descent can touch sword Tenchi-ken I am afraid Tenchi she may never 
wake up, she has all of her gems since you gave them to her last year 
but they do not seem to be taking affect I just don't understand it 
those gems are made out of my old goddess power and it was as pure 
jurain as it gets considering my sister Tsunami did create jurai 
anyway." washu took a deep breath and wandered off deeper into the lab 
obviously lost in thought.

 	 Tenchi sat down beside Ryoko and took her hand, which was as 
cold as ice. His mind was numb he couldn't bear the thought of losing 
her and he knew then he loved her because when he thought of life 
without her it seemed empty and hollow to him he closed his eyes and 
laid his head on the bed beside her and he slept in his slumber he 
dreamt he dreamt of walking down a path with Ryoko when she is suddenly 
gone and he is alone in the dark he then begins to fall he screams and 
wakes with a start realizing where he is he looked up and saw Ryoko 
still had not woken up he sighed sadly and sat up sitting with her then 
a horrid thought occurred to him Ayeka... How would he tell her he 
loved her as family and nothing more?  Would he tell her he had chosen 
the pirate over the princess?
 He was pondering this when he heard a small moan he turned his 
head to Ryoko who had her eyes open just a bit and was gritting her 
teeth as if in immense pain. 


" Tenchi." She asked weakly looking around for him and obviously seeing 
nothing.

" I'm here Ryoko, " he said squeezing her hand gently and brushing some 
of the cyan hair from her face. 

" Tenchi its dark, why is it so dark? Tenchi I cant see you!! " She 
said beginning to sound hysterical. 
                                                           
" Shhh its ok Ryoko I'll go get washu she will fix it lay still" he 
said stroking her face 

" No Tenchi don't leave me! Its so dark im cold please don't!!! " She 
sobbed tears streaming down her face. 

" Shhh ok I'll stay here just stop crying don't get excited Ryoko" He 
said trying to calm her. But she started convulsing and writhing 
violently and he screamed for washu 

" WASHU!!!!!!" he screamed as loud as he could. 

Washu came running in still in her adult form and seeing her daughter 
once more began typing furiously on her laptop and hooking more 
machines to Ryoko. 

_______ Many hours later _________

Ryoko opened her eyes slowly her vision blurred then cleared she 
was aware of something lying on her stomach she looked own and saw it 
was Tenchi's head he was sleeping with a worried look on his face she 
tried to move and moaned in pain. Tenchi's eyes snapped open and he sat 
up. 

" Ryoko your awake finally here eat this" he handed her a tray of soup. 

She shook her head and looked as if the thought of eating made her sick 

" No thank you Tenchi " she said pushing it away hurriedly 

" Is something wrong Ryoko? How do you feel? Are you ok?" he asked 
looking very worried. 

" No to all of those questions I feel awful what happened? " she said 
holding her forehead 

" Ryoko I have something to tell you, ." said Tenchi nervously 

TO BE CONTINUED.


Well? I know your probably thinking you have read a million of these 
stories just like this but I promise the chapters to follow are 
anything but normal there wont be any next chapters if I don't get lots 
of e-mail because I want to know you people at least read it writing 
these takes up to much of my internet time and my hands are killing me 
from typing so much im almost always online my e-mail address is 
The1ryoko@aol.com thanks for reading my fic hope you liked it remember 
LOTS OF MAIL bye bye ^_^

                                            Yours 
                                                  Reloida yuy/Ryoko 
Hakubi 

Disclaimer: these characters are property of pioneer and I in no way 
own or take credit for them yet I would like to thank pioneer for them 
this story however is from the mind of the author and strictly fiction 
but u may choose to believe it if u wish that is your choice 
