I don't own the Tenchi character. I don't make any money off of them. As a
matter of fact I loose hours out of my life writting these. Incase you 
aren't caught
up with the story so far, Ayeaka snapped, lost her powers, and is now the 
new
supervillain. Ryoko married Tenchi. Nobiyuki married Washu, Tsunami merged
with Sasami and married Yosho, and Kyonei (don't worry, it's still the 
universe
where Ryoko was in the cave) married Mihoshi.


Ryoko's baby (The third in the 'Ayeaka's Mistake Trilogy'
By, Clayton Overstreet


  Ryoko moaned in pain as her hands left imprints in the metal railing of 
her bed.
She had been through worse, but it still hurt to give birth. Gritting her 
teeth she
gave a push. Suddenly the pain stopped and she heard Washu say, "It's a
girl!" Tenchi grinned and kissed Ryoko's forehead, "I'm so proud of you..." 
He
was cut off as Ryoko screamed and began to contract again. Washu set the
other baby in it's blanket into the incubator and looked back at Ryoko, "It
seems we aren't quite done yet."
  Ryoko glared down at her, "What do you mean? I had the kid AAAAAH!"
Washu smiled, "Yeah, but it seems you are having twins." Tenchi's jaw
dropped and Ryoko gave a final push. The sencond baby landed in Washu's
arms. Tenchi squeesed Ryoko's shoulder and started to say something when
Ryoko turned to him, "You say one word about knowing how I feel and I'll
make sure Washu arranges it so YOU carry the next one!" Tenchi gulped and
smiled nervously. Washu finished cleaning off the babies and handed them to
Ryoko and Tenchi.  Both looked exacty like their mother down to the tail,
except one had black spiky hair and the other blue.
"What are you two going to name your new daughters?"
  Tenchi looked at Ryoko who looked back. They smiled and nodded. Tenchi
held the one in his arms out, "I think I'll name her Tenko." Ryoko smiled 
down
at the child in her arms, "In that case, her name is Ryochi." Everyone 
gathered
around and looked down at the babies, who had fallen asleep in their 
parent's
arms. Nobiyuki hugged Tenchi tight, "You finaly made me a grandfather!"
Washu smiled and shook her head, "Any of you call me 'grandma' and I'll turn
you into mice and feed you to a cat."
  Tsusami, Kyonei, and Mihoshi all gathered around an admied the little 
bundles.
Ryoko smiled at Tenchi, "Could you take Ryochi? I think I need some sleep."
Tenchi picked up his other daughter in his free arm and Ryoko fell asleep 
almost
immediately. Finaly Washu took the twins and set them in their incubators. 
Next
she hearded everyone out of the lab so She could make sure everything was
alright. "Just some standard scans Tenchi, nothing life threatening." Tenchi 
and
the others smiled at her trustingly and left. On the way out Tenchi stopped 
by
Ryoko's bed and kissed her forhead. "I love you Ryoko," he said. Then he was
gone.

  Three months later Ryoko was sitting with her babies at 2:00 in the 
morning.
They had woken up and began crying. In her head she could hear them like she
did with Washu and Ryo-oki. It was alright though because, as always, she 
had
been awake and watching Tenchi sleep. Smiline down she picked up her babies.
They had their mother's strength in addition to her looks, as evidenced by 
the
bruises on Nobiyuki's fingers.
  She smiled down at them and began to sing softly. The worlds were 
completely
alien, but the melody was haunting. Soon the Tenko, then Ryochi nodded off
again and Ryoko put them down. "That was beutiful Ryoko." She turned and
saw Tenchi standing in the doorway. "How did you know I was up?" Tenchi
smiled and hugged her, "I can hear them too Ryoko." Ryoko blushed and
hugged him close, "Well thanks Tenchi, but I have everything under control."
  Tenchi smiled and nodded, "I see that. But don't you think it's time you 
got
some sleep too?" Ryoko looked up at him, "But what if the babies need me, or
you?" Tenchi kissed her cheek, "The others will help out with the babies, 
and if
I need you, believe me I'll tell you." She grinned playfully and rubbed 
against
him, then yawned. "Ok, so I'm not as frisky as usual. I guess I do need some
sleep." Tenchi helped her into bed and Ryoko slowly drifted off.
  She woke up at noon the next day. When she saw what time it was Ryoko
bolted out of her bed and headed straight for the baby's room. They were 
gone.
Ryoko looked around franticaly and heard a small laugh from the livingroom.
When she got there she saw Mihoshi and Kyonei playing with a baby each.
Ryoko looked around, "Where's Tenchi?" Kyonei looked up smiling, "He went
out to the carrot garden and asked us to babysit." Ryoko sighed relieved and
sat down between them. Mihoshi look up at her and asked, "Hey Ryoko, how
do you like being a parent?" Ryoko grinned, "It's the most wonderful feeling 
in
the world."
  That night Ryoko and Tenchi were putting the babies to bed when they heard
a loud rumbling sound from outside. They ran to the window and looked
outside. Just before they reached the window a bright beam of light hit them 
and
everything went black.

  Kyonei and Mihoshi burst into Washu's lab. Washu turned, but before she
could say anything they began yelling about people disapearing. Wahsu waved
them down, "Kyonei, tell me what happened." Kyonei took a deep breath and
said, "Mihoshi and I went to check on the babies, and when we got there the
wall of their room was gone and so were they. We also can't find Tenchi or
Ryoko anywhere." Washu's eye widend and she looked at Mihoshi who nodded
confirmation to Kyonei's story. Washu turned to her computer and did a scan
of the area.
  "Oh no..." Washu gasped. Kyonei and Mihoshi stepped up behind her, "What
is it Washu?" Washu turned and looked at them. "It seems an old frined of 
ours
has dropped by." Her computer showed a Galaxy Police file DNA match up.
The face going along with it was that of Princess Ayeaka. Mihoshi bit her 
lip and
looked at Washu, "She... she wouldn't hurt them would she Washu?" Washu
turned back to her computer, "We have to find them NOW!"

  Tenchi and Ryoko woke up strapped to metal tables on the bridge of a space
ship. This was a first for Ryoko but Tenchi recognized the situation almost
instantly. He had been on this same table twelve months earlier when he had
been kidnapped by Ayeaka. He looked towards the console and saw Ayeaka
standing there. He hair had grown out since the last time and hung over half 
of
her face. Her red eyes reflected the light odly and Tenchi felt a chill. "So 
you
are finaly awake lord Tenchi. And I see your monster princess is awake 
aswell."
  Tenchi looked at the table next to him and saw Ryoko looking back. She had
a strange collar around her neck and was struggling against her bonds. "Oh 
don't
strain yourself dear Ryoko, the collars I gave you two totaly neutralizes 
your power.
But don't worry, what  could I possibly do to you? After all, you are soo 
much
more powerful than me, right?" Ryoko growled and yelled at her, "What have
you done with my children Ayeaka?"
  Ayeaka laughed and shook her head, "You will find out soon enoough Ryoko,
in the mean time I need to set up for the game." Ayeaka pressed a button on
the control panel and Ryoko's table slid back into a hole in the wall. 
Tenchi
struggled and looked at Ayeaka, "Where did she go?" Ayeaka smirked back
and said, "Oh don't you worry Tenchi. Your little demon and her children are
fine... for now." Tenchi struggled as he saw a glass bubble fall from the 
ceiling
above him.

  In Washu's lab Kyonei and Mihoshi watched as the scientist traced the path 
of
Ayeaka's space ship through subspace. She had been at it for twelve hours 
and
had almost found her. The trail was getting fresher. Finaly she located the 
ship
in orbit around a sun in the Sagitarius sector. "I've found her. You two 
take your
space ship and head out there now. I'll work from here and build a tunnel 
for
you to get back." Kyonei and Mihoshi ran off leaving Washu. They passed
Nobiyuki, Tsusami, and Yosho on the way out and told them what was
happening. In the lab Washu wiped the tears from her eyes, "I will save you
Ryoko."

  Tenchi banged against the sides of the glass bubble. He was suspended in 
the
air over open space. Next to him was another bubble with his babies in it.
He could not move and the collar on his neck stopped him from summoning the
light hawk wings. Ayeaka was at the console again and Ryoko's table 
returned.
  The bonds holding Ryoko to the table released, but Ayeaka had a blaster 
aimed
at her and the collar kept her fom using her powers. Ryoko looked at her and
sneered, "So what's this twisted game you want to play?"
  Ayeaka laughed, "Oh it's just something I came up with. I want to see just 
how
much you love Tenchi. I'm going to drop both of those bubbles into space
towards the sun. You can either save one of them or the other, not both. Who
do you think you will choose?" Ryoko's eyes narrowed in disgust, "You sick
bitch." Ayeaka smiled and shook her head, "This from the killer of so many
people?" Ryoko turned and ran towards the bubbles. Behind her she heard
Ayeaka say, "Let the games begin." The latches holding the bubbles in place
let go and the bubbles began to drift out into space. Ryoko watched in 
horror
as Tenchi and their children started to disapear. Tench was yelling at her 
through
the bubble, to tell her to save their children. The babies only sat there 
playing
with eachother.
  With a scream of rage Ryoko lunged forward and grabbed onto Tenchi's
bubble. She screamed again as she saw her children vanish into space, 
"Ayeaka
you have gone too far! I will kill you for this!" Ayeaka laughed and pointed 
the
gun at Ryoko, "Well it seems you do love him. It's just too bad that I have 
to
kill you two now." She leveled the gun at Ryoko's back and almost pulled the
trigger, when something strange happened. From out in space the two babies
floated back into the ship. Ryoko looked at them amazed. Inside her head she
heard her daughters giggling and saying how they had passed through the
bubble just like they'd seen Ryoko pass through walls. Ryoko smiled at her
little girls, "That's very good, but do you think you two could help mommy 
and
daddy out here? " Ryochi flew over to Ryoko and pulled off the collar from
Ryoko's neck. Meanwhile Tenko flew under Tenchi's bubble and lifted it onto
the deck.
  Ryoko cracked it open and pulled Tenchi out. Behind them Ayeaka screamed
in rage and began firing at Ryoko and Tenchi. Ryoko was shot in the shoulder
just before she got her sheild up. Ryoko gritted her teeth. Ayeaka turned 
and
grabbed for the control pannel, but was stopped when Ryoko used her good
hand to blast at her. Ayeaka turned back and stared at Ryoko with hatred in
her eyes. Then she looked at the little babies in Tenchi's arms who were 
pulling
off his collar. "You ruined my game you little brats!"
  Ryoko was about to finish her off, when she saw her babies watching her 
from
Tenchi's arms. She shook her head no. SHe couldn;t let them see her kill. 
Even
if it was Ayeaka. She instead blasted the panel and Ayeaka's weapon. Ryoko
then wqalked over and picked the princess up by her throat, "I think I know
just what to do with you princess..."

  Kyonei and Mihoshi arrived shortly afterwards and picked them up. Ryoko
told them about her plan and they whole heartedly agreed. On the way back to
Earth Ayeaka was locked in the stasis field on Yukanojo. Tenchi and Ryoko
played with their babies. He looked up at Ryoko and smiled, "And we thought
they were a hand full before they could fly." They laughed and hugged 
eachother
happily.
  Whne they returned to Earth the first thing they did was go to see Yosho. 
He
agreed that Ryoko's punishment was probably the best way and lead the way
into the shrine.
  Years later Ryoko would still tell her children of the horrible demon 
princess
who was imprisoned in the cave.

The End

  What did you think? I know there is some room for improvment, but all in 
all
not a bad story eh? Anything you wish to say can be sent to 
clayton_n@hotmail.com
