

Oh Tenchi Ryoko yelled come over and help me with this. Ok be right there he
responded thinking to himself what would she need me for. Tenchi walked to
the cave where they found Washu. Ryoko walked out from the inside of the
cave
.Tenchi come here I want to tell you something in prviate .She grabed Tenchi
by the hand and led him into the cave.Whats going on Ryoko Tenchi asked?
Tenchi its its . Tenchi my love for you is very strong stronger than anything
in the universe I feel. But Tenchi I need too know do you love me the way I
do you.Um scratches his head I don't know Ryoko. I knew it you hate me she
cried. No its not like that. Stop trying to make me feel good in a bright
flash of light she dissapeared. Damnit yelled Tenchi. Sasama was walking by
at the current time. She ran into the cave to see what was wrong.Tenchi waqs
slumped up against the hard rock wall of the cave. Tenchi are yuo ok asked
Sasama? Yeh i'm fine Sasama thanks for asking. Well Tenchi its time to eat
.
Oh ok Sasama i'll be right there. Ok Tenchi as she skipped out of the
cave.
Tenchi followed at a slow pace why can't I get her out of my mind is it that
I feel something for her to. He walked home and sat down at the table with
the others. Sasama served the food and everyone was enjoying it. Everyone
was
talking about there day. Tenchi is something wrong asked Aeyka? No nothing I
fine . He left not even touhing his meal. He walked up to his mothers grave
trying to figure out his feelings for Ryoko. As he reached hi mothers grave
he prayed asking for answer what should I do he asked but he got no response
for his prayer. Argh he shouted what should I do. Finding no answers he
began
to walk back to his house. On his way home he heard a noise coming from a
tree not to far off from the path. Having no reason to return to the house
he
went to see what the noise was. It was Ryoko in the tree crying and saying
Tenchi my love for you is greater than anything in the universe. Tenchi
hearing this had made up his mind;he climbed the tree and said to Ryoko my
love I do love you as you love me and I want to spend an eternity with you.
Ryoko rubbing her eyes do you really mean that Tenchi. Yes I do Ryoko and
let
me show you. He kissed her , from that point on he knew that he made the
right choice.Oh Tenchi you really do love me. The sene fads with them
kissing
            Don't be to harsh on me this is my first Story if you like
this
email me cause I will be writing and improving more. My email is
RyokoF0rever@aol.com(note the o in forever is a zero.The characters in this
story are not mine they are pioneer's the story it self is ine all
characters
belong to Pioneer.
