
Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love...Alpha!
Chapter 2A:  Naroda Beach Pt. 1
By Long T. Tran



Disclaimer:


I don't own these characters, AIC/Pioneer owns them. I don't intend 
to make money off this because I don't want to get a lawsuit.  I'm 
too poor for that.  But this is my original story concept, so don't 
plagiarize!


Author's notes:


Naroda beach is a fictitious place, just wanted to let ya know before you start 
reading.  As you read, you may notice that I've added a new literary feature to 
my FF,  subchapter titles. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Washu's Wonderful Toys


After having caught up with the bus in time, Tenchi and Ryoko were nearly out of 
breath.  They walked down the middle aisle of the bus and Ryoko took her seat 
right next to a window, Tenchi sat down next to her.  Tenchi looked around the 
bus through his shades, he only saw two other people inside the bus, the driver 
and an old gray bearded man.  Tenchi was no longer gasping for air and decided 
to break the silence.

"So you've volunteered to lose your powers?"  Tenchi questioned.

"Yes.  For only a day."  Ryoko confirmed.

"How does it feel right now?   You know, to not be able to use your powers."

"It's kinda hard to describe.  Actually, it feels weird.  In a way, I feel 
small."

"Hmm.  I think I understand what you're getting at.  Maybe because,  you
don't have your powers."

"Maybe."

"Which brings another question to mind."

"What's up?  Ask away."

"Why did you decide to turn off your powers for just today?"

"You know that's a funny question."

"Oh? Why?"

"I don't know..."

"You don't?"  Tenchi said, perplexed.  "You're very weird, Ryoko."

"I know."  She sighed happily. "I'll tell you later on, ok?"

"Uh, sure.  Okay."

"What time do you think we'll arrive at Naroda Beach?" Ryoko asked.

Tenchi looked at his watch and estimated the time. "Hmm, right now my watch
reads 7:50, I think we'll arrive at around 9:30 or 10.  It's going to be a
long ride."  Tenchi sighed unhappily and sank in his seat.

"I think I can fix that by cutting this trip by ninety-nine percent."  

"Oh really, Ryoko.  And how are you going to do that?"  Tenchi asked 
skeptically.    

Ryoko reached over her shoulder and dug into her black backpack.  Tenchi looked 
at Ryoko curiously as she pulled out a palm-sized, rectangular-shaped, silver 
box.  She handed the device to Tenchi.

"Uh, what is this Ryoko?" he asked apprehensively.

"Something that'll help speed our trip a little.  Why don't you put that nice 
little toy right there next to your left foot."

Tenchi did as Ryoko directed without giving much thought.  

"Ok, now what?"

"All we have to do now is wait 5 seconds." Ryoko replied.

"Sounds simple enough."  Tenchi said.  Then a horrifying thought finally dawned 
on him. "Wait a minute! You didn't get this from Washu did you?"

"Yes, I did as a matter of fact.  And that means you should hold on tight!"

Tenchi did not hesitate to follow Ryoko's advice.  He quickly grabbed and 
tightly held onto a seat that was in front of him.  Instead of a seat, Ryoko 
clutched onto Tenchi's waist.  Suddenly, Tenchi could hear a low whistling sound 
that emanated from Washu's device.

"Uh oh.  I don't like the sound of that...!"

"Oh don't worry about it, Tenchi!  Here comes the really fun part!" 

The fat bus driver was happily minding his own business when suddenly he heard a 
low pitch whistling that sounded like it was coming from behind.  Then the 
steering wheel started to go crazy in his hands, as if the wheel was driving the 
bus for him.

"What's going on here!?  I can't control the bus! " the driver screamed.

"OH MY GOD!  WE'RE DEAD AND WE'RE ON THE EXPRESS BUS THAT'S HEADED STRAIGHT 
TOWARDS HELL!" Ranted the old man.

Then the surroundings of the bus were suddenly immersed in a blanket of 
brilliant color and light.  The bus's rumbling quickly subsided into a floating 
ride.

"What's going on, Ryoko?!?" Tenchi asked fearfully.

"We're just travelling at the speed of light.  Well, the same concept at the  
least." 
 
At that very instant, the bus dropped out of warp and Ryoko released herself 
from Tenchi's waist and looked through the bus's glass window.  This was the 
first time she ever saw the crystal blue waters of Naroda beach.  Tenchi was 
tense and quickly looked up, grabbed Washu's warp device and wiped a sweat from 
his forehead.  

"Ok, we're here!  Let's go before the driver decides to ask any questions."  
Tenchi said and quickly stood up, grabbed Ryoko's arm and rushed out of the 
closest exit.

As they hurriedly departed from the bus, Ryoko had time to stop for a second
to turn to the bewildered bus driver and smiled. 

"Thank you for the ride, kind sir!"  Ryoko said happily, waving at the driver.

The driver didn't at all respond to Ryoko's gratitude, he gawked and simply
closed the door and sped off on the road at a wild acceleration.  Tenchi
couldn't help but sigh in exasperation.  Tenchi and Ryoko were both on the
sidewalk pavement that bordered the highway and Naroda beach.

"Well, at least we're here.  Although, a bit earlier than expected..."  Tenchi 
said and smiled as he viewed the beautiful sandy white beach that laid before 
him.  He reached into his backpack and pulled out his father's photo camera.  
Tenchi turned to Ryoko and aimed his camera at her.  He stepped in front of 
Her and made sure that she was in the foreground while the resort beach was in 
the background.

"Taking the first photograph of the day, Tenchi?"

"Yes I am, Ryoko. Smile."

Ryoko smiled brightly showing her perfect row of teeth and held up her right 
hand to show a peace sign.  The camera gave out two snapping sounds indicating 
that Tenchi took two pictures.

"I didn't know you like to take pictures, Tenchi."

"I've always wanted to, but never came around to actually trying it.  Besides, I 
figure today would be a good day to start.  It's not everyday I get to go to a  
nice resort beach.  I just know those pictures are going to turn out perfect." 
Tenchi said and placed the camera back into his backpack.  He looked at his 
watch. "Hmm.  Eight o'clock.  Not even the shops are open."

Ryoko didn't hear a word of what Tenchi had just said.  She looked around and 
saw that the beach was surrounded by little shops and stands.  There was an 
elevated pier, one hundred fifty to three hundred yards away from the beach's 
waterline that served as a foundation to the seaside hotel.  There was also a
nearby travelling carnival that's yet to open for the day.  Ryoko noticed a
huge Ferris wheel that towered the fair, it stood approximately 200 ft. off
the ground, one of the biggest she's ever seen.  The water is clear and crystal
blue, Ryoko could actually see the fish swimming beneath the water's surface.
The eight o' clock sun shined very brightly into her golden-yellow eyes.
Ryoko closed her lids and welcomed the gusts of the ocean's cool winds blown
against her face.  She sniffed the aroma of the ocean breeze and relaxed.

<I'm know I'm going to love this place.> She thought contently.

She opened her eyes and found that the beach was deserted.

"Uh, Tenchi?"

"Yes, Ryoko?"

"Where's everybody?  Isn't there supposed to be a lot of people at this beach?" 

"Well, that's the thing, Ryoko.  They haven't started their arrival yet.  Not 
even the shops are open.  What do you suggest we do now?"

"Not to worry, we can start looking for a spot to set up our little base camp." 
Ryoko assured.

"Base camp?  But we didn't even bring any tents or camping utilities."

"Not to worry.  I have it all covered."  Ryoko assured as she scanned the beach 
for an ideal spot to set up camp.  Tenchi stood there next to her and waited 
patiently.  Then after a few moments of surveying, Ryoko spotted the perfect 
area. 

"Eureka!  I've found it!"  Ryoko exclaimed.  She grabbed Tenchi's arm and 
stepped off from the sidewalk and onto the beach's white sands.  They walked 
along near the waterline for about three minutes, turned right and arrived 
in front of a bare concrete foundation that used to support an elevated beach 
house.  Ryoko examined the barren concrete slab and estimated it's length and 
width. 

"What are we doing here, Ryoko?"  Tenchi inquired curiously.

"I'm just setting up our little camp."  Ryoko replied as she reached into her 
travel bag.

"But don't we need tents?"

"I said don't worry, Tenchi." Ryoko pointed out as she revealed to Tenchi 
another silver box.  This time the box looked more square than rectangle and it 
had a red button.    

"Oh I get it!  That little box is containing our tents right?"

"Well, not exactly our tents..."

Tenchi tensed at the remark.  Ryoko joyfully placed the silver box onto the 
concrete foundation and pressed the red button.  The box suddenly opened up, 
unfolded rapidly, and quickly transformed into a beach house.  The house was 
elevated by wooden supports and resembled the Masaki residence, except it was a 
smaller version, just enough to fit the concrete foundation.  It was only a 
single story house, the front end faced the mainland while the back faced the 
ocean, the back had a nice balcony patio that overlooked the sea. 

"It's more like a temporary residence, courtesy of Washu."  Ryoko finished off.

"Thank you, Washu!"  Tenchi said in awe.  <At least I've found one of her
inventions that I can actually start to appreciate.> 

Tenchi and Ryoko walked up the stairway and opened the front door.  Both stepped 
through the door and were amazed that the furniture had been provided as well, 
not only that, the interior is identical to the home back in Okayama.     

"I'm going into the kitchen to put up all of Sasami's food."  Ryoko noted to 
Tenchi.  She opened the door to the kitchen and walked through. "Go ahead and 
take a look around."

As Ryoko walked into the kitchen, Tenchi was clearly happy about the beach 
house.  He placed his backpack onto the sofa and noticed the television set.  He  
stepped over to the living room area and turned on the TV.  The TV flickered on 
and the channels were less then Okayama's but they were working nominally.  He 
decided to turn off the  TV set and headed out towards the patio.  Tenchi found 
that the patio had two body length patio chairs to lay on and an outdoor 
umbrella dining set for four.  Tenchi laid down on one of the patio chairs.  He 
inclined the chair to sit upright to view the morning beach.  The beach waves 
rhythmically beat against the water's edge, the sun was warm, the clouds 
balanced out the heat and the wind was soothingly cool.  He looked at his watch 
again, it read, 8:10 am.  

<Good.  There's plenty of time left to enjoy this outing.> he thought.

"Ah, paradise!"  Tenchi said happily.

"You can say that again, Tenchi."  Ryoko agreed as she walked out and she sat 
down onto the patio chair next to Tenchi's.  She laid down but didn't incline 
her chair to sit up.  "How do you like our date so far?"

"I'm really enjoying this trip, Ryoko.  This is a great place to relax 
and have fun!"

"I knew you would like it, Tenchi."  Ryoko said, her voice sounding very soft 
and quiet.  

"Tell me about it!  I'm going to love this day to the very end.  You have to be 
crazy not to.  I mean, this day had been so full of surprises.  Like that quick 
bus ride, your backpack of surprises, and not to forget, your..."  Tenchi cut 
himself off and noticed that Ryoko was unusually quiet.  He looked down beside 
at her and realized that Ryoko was quietly fast asleep.

"Uh, Ryoko? Hello?"  

Ryoko didn't respond, she was already deep in her sleep.

<I guess she stayed up all last night trying to prepare for today.  Poor thing.  
You really have lost your superpowers haven't you?>  He thought while admiring 
Ryoko's tranquil and serene face.  <Now that's a site I don't see everyday. 
Hmm.>

An idea popped into Tenchi's mind and he quickly walked back into the house and 
dug into his backpack and grabbed the camera.  He stepped out to the patio and 
quietly took Ryoko's pictures.  After taking three snapshots, Tenchi paced back 
into the house and placed the camera back into his backpack and was out in the 
patio again.  He found himself staring at Ryoko's face as she slept quietly.  
Tenchi noticed that Ryoko had started to sweat due to the sun's rays, he 
carefully grabbed the dining table's umbrella and placed it carefully over 
Ryoko, giving her plenty of shade.  Tenchi smiled at Ryoko again and sat down in 
his chair and peacefully watched Naroda beach's ever changing waterline.

*** 


Mihoshi!


Meanwhile, halfway across the known universe, at the Galaxy Police Headquarters 
Mihoshi's shuttle prepares to depart for it's next assignment.  Mihoshi pulled 
off her formal gloves and jacket while making her way towards the cockpit.  

<Thank goodness, that meeting really took awhile!>  Mihoshi thought.  She
arrived at the cockpit and sat down in front of the shuttle control module.

"Oh, Yukinojo!"  Mihoshi happily summoned. 

"Yes? Miss Mihoshi?"  The robot said as it appeared from the cockpit ceiling.

"Set a course for the Orion system."

"Yes ma'am." The robot complied.

The shuttle activated the maneuvering thrusters and started to slowly back away 
from its assigned port.

"What's our next mission, detective Mihoshi?"

"It's a really simple assignment.  All we have to do is rendezvous with the 
Fourth Patrol Fleet and set course for a planet called Orion"

"Why are we heading out to such a remote planet?"

"To investigate why we've suddenly lost communication traffic from our outpost 
on Orion.  We're ordered to find the problem and fix it.  It's probably some 
glitch in their computer systems or something."

"Pardon me for asking, but..."

"Yes? What is it Yukinojo?"

"Don't you find it peculiar that HQ is sending out an ENTIRE patrol fleet just 
to investigate a minor case?" 

Mihoshi's jovial face suddenly turned serious and thought about the robot's 
point.

"It is kind of odd, isn't it?"

"Do you think its more than just a glitch?"

"Hmm.  You might be onto something, Yukinojo.  Oh well!  Can't start worrying 
about it now!"  Mihoshi, said and reverted back to her cheerful carefree 
attitude.  "I guess we're just going to have to go with the flow!  Oh, 
Yukinojo!"

"Yes, ma'am?"
      
"Set a course for the Orion System!  And when after that mission's done and out 
of the way... Home!"

"Yes, ma'am!"

The shuttle pulled clear from its dock and sped off into the vast voidness of 
space. 
 
*** 


Aeka's Request


A few hours had passed since after Tenchi and Ryoko's departure for Naroda 
beach.  Trying to distract herself from thinking about Tenchi and Ryoko's 
'incidental' date.  The garden, which was placed inside the Masaki greenhouse, 
is elegantly decorated with a different assortment of soft and bold colored 
flowers collected from planets Earth and Jurai.  Aeka was wearing her gardener's 
apron and gloves.  She planted the latest flower to her botanical collection, a 
red rose.  With precise and gentle care, Aeka nourished the blossoming earth 
flower with water.  After she watered the floral plant, Aeka sniffed the 
fragrance of the rose and smiled softly.

<At least, you're the only one who's not worried.>  she thought to the rose. <I 
wonder why earth flora don't communicate?  This planet really possess some of 
the very beautiful flowers in universal botany.  It's a pity that they don't 
communicate like the space trees.> 

Aeka untied her apron and pulled her gloves off of her hands.  She turned away 
from her garden and headed back to the house.  She walked out of the greenhouse 
and looked up and found that Sasami was happily riding on top of Kamadake, 
flying around in the open skies above.  Aeka smiled as Sasami laughed out with 
all her energy, Sasami was having the time of her life.

<Well, at least Sasami's having fun without any worries.  I wonder what Tenchi 
and Ryoko are doing right now?  I've got to find a way get to Naroda!  I can't 
stand the thought of Tenchi being around that woman!>  Aeka thought. <I've got 
to someway to look on to her!>

Aeka looked up at Sasami, who's still flying around and an idea came to her 
mind.

"Oh, Sasami!"  Aeka called out.

"Hello Aeka!"  Sasami greeted happily.  She orders Kamadake to land right next 
to Aeka.  

"I see that you're having fun with your new guardians."

"I sure am!  So why did you call for me?"

"Well, I was wondering, could you do me a small favor?"

"Sure, Aeka! What is it?"

"Could you by chance, come with me on a little outing?"

"Outing?"  Sasami said, puzzled.  She paused for a moment and frowned at Aeka.  
"Aeka, are you asking me to go with you to crash in on Tenchi and Ryoko?"

"To be straightforward with you, yes I am."

"Forget it, Aeka!  I'm not going!"

"Please, Sasami! It means a lot to me!" Aeka begged.

"It's not right!  Let Tenchi and Ryoko enjoy their first date..."   

"I won't allow that, Sasami!  I just won't!" Aeka interrupted.  

"I can't believe you said that, Aeka!  You were taught better than that!  Of all 
the people to break promises! Didn't you expect this to happen when you first 
shook hands with Ryoko?" Sasami frowned.  "Ryoko would never do a thing like 
that to you! Never!" 

Aeka stood silent, shocked by Sasami's sudden outburst. 

"Well?  What do you have to say?  Your newly assigned bodyguard is already on 
his way,  he should arrive any minute now.  You must either stay here and 
welcome him.  Or you can just go to Naroda and start up another fight with Ryoko 
and hurt Tenchi's feelings at the same time."    

"You're right." Aeka said reluctantly. "How foolish of me to even think about 
breaking my word of honor.  I am the crown princess of Jurai and I must keep my 
promises, no matter how hard it may be."

Sasami sighed in relief. 

"I guess we should start preparations on a welcoming party for my new guardian.  
By the way, Sasami.  Would you have any clue on who's to be my new bodyguard?"

"No.  Not really, Aeka, but brother Yosho might know.  Why don't you go ask 
him?"

"I just might do that, Sasami.  Thank you for the suggestion.  And thank you for 
setting me back in place."

"Don't mention it, sis."   

***


The Sunblock


At around one o'clock, Ryoko finally came about.  She opened her eyes and looked 
over to Tenchi and smiled.  Tenchi was reading a book from grandfather's office, 
he looked up from the book and smirked at her.

"So, you're finally awake."

"Oh my!  How long was I asleep?"

"Not very long.  Only about three to four hours."

"I'm sorry to have you wait on me like that, Tenchi..."

"Oh, it's ok.  I'm not mad.  I actually spent the whole time sitting here 
enjoying the view, reading this book and watch the arrival of all those people." 
He interrupted and pointed out towards the sands. 

Ryoko raised her patio chair and found that the beach was alive and full of 
activity.  Her face lit up with excitement.

"Oh wow!  Will you look at the beach!  It's so full of life!"  Ryoko exclaimed.  

There were two separate volleyball courts, being played at the same time.  
People playing and swimming in the crystal waters.  A few sunbathers, people 
sitting beneath huge umbrellas, small picnics were held, lovers cuddling and 
walking, sand castles being built, kids flying kites, and three individuals 
fishing.  And lastly,  there were people at the carnival. 

"Come on, Tenchi!  Let's go!"

"Wait.  Not yet, Ryoko."

"What? Why not?"

"Since we're going to be out in the sun all day, we might as well where some 
skin protection."

"Skin protection?" Ryoko said perplexed.

"Yep.  These days, it's not safe to be out in the sun without wearing any sun 
block.  Long exposures to the sun's rays can cause skin cancer."

"Oh, I see.  Okay then, you wait here while I go get the sunblock." 

With enthusiasm, Ryoko jumped up from her chair and ran back into the house.  
She found her back pack, grabbed the bottle of sunblock, and made way her back 
towards the balcony.

"Do you have it Ryoko?"

"Yep!  Sure do."  Ryoko confirmed, as she handed the bottle to Tenchi.  She sat 
down on her chair. "You first."

"Um, alright."

Ryoko watched as Tenchi pulled off his white tank top and opened the sunblock 
bottle.  He applied the solution on to his chest, arms, stomach and lower back, 
not realizing that the sunblock made his slim-but-built-body look even more 
sweaty and muscular.

<Oh my!  I didn't realize he was THAT built!> Ryoko pondered with surprise and 
awe.

As Tenchi applied the lotion, he looked up and noticed that Ryoko was staring at 
him intensely.  He started to tense nervously.

"Uh, Ryoko, why are you staring at me like that?"

"I wasn't staring..." Ryoko denied but her face was clearly red.  She quickly 
paused a few moments and gathered her thoughts for a quick recovery.

"I was just enjoying the handsome scenery." She muttered in a confident way.

"Can you do me a favor?"

"I know, I know. Turn around so I can stop staring at you."  Ryoko assumed.

"No, no.  Can you help me rub this sun block onto my back?  I'm having a hard 
time applying this."

"Sure!"  Ryoko exclaimed.  She stood up, walked over to Tenchi and placed 
herself next to him. 

Tenchi handed the container over to Ryoko and turned his back towards her.  
Ryoko smiled and opened the bottle.  She poured a small amount into her hands 
and applied the solution onto Tenchi's back.  Ryoko frowned a little and cleared 
her throat.  Tenchi's back felt unusually stiff.

"Tenchi, why are you so tense?" Ryoko inquired.

"What do you mean?  I'm not nervous."
 
"I know that.  What I meant was, why are your muscles so stiff?"

"I guess it's because, I've been working out in the fields a lot for the past 
few days."

"Oh, I see."

Ryoko finally finished the application of the sun block onto Tenchi's back, 
instead of pulling her hands away, she decided to give Tenchi a massage.  She 
rubbed her fingers down his back in a circular motion, allowing more blood 
circulation into his back muscles.  Then she moved her hands to his shoulders 
and pressed rhythmically.

"That feels very nice, Ryoko.  Where did you learn how to do this?"

"I picked it up a few day ago, while watching a TV show.  Do you really like the 
way I'm massaging you?"

"Yes...I like it!"

Ryoko beamed wildly because of Tenchi's compliment, as a result, she unwittingly 
massaged his shoulders even harder.  Her rough massaging caused a sharp 
sensation.  Tenchi hissed out in pain.

"Whoops! Sorry about that Tenchi."  

"It's alright, Ryoko.  I really needed that massage.  Thanks."  He smiled, 
gratuitously. "Please don't stop."

"My pleasure!" Ryoko said, then giggled.  Ryoko massaged Tenchi for another five 
minutes and stopped.  Tenchi turned around and faced her. 

"I guess it's your turn to put on the sun block."

"It sure is!"  Ryoko said excitedly as she pulled off her red tank top to reveal 
her blue bikini top.  Ryoko poured the lotion onto her palms,  Tenchi watched as 
Ryoko applied the sun block to her skin.  Then she struggled to put the solution 
onto her back.

"You need help with that Ryoko?"

Ryoko was momentarily tempted by Tenchi but thought back to her agreement with 
Aeka.

"No, that's alright.  I can handle it."  She replied.

"Are you sure?  Looks like you're having trouble putting that on."

"Yeah, I'm sure.  Thanks for the offer."

"Uhh.  Okay."  

<That was pretty strange for her to refuse.>  Tenchi thought. <Oh well.> 

Tenchi watched as Ryoko settled the rest of the sunblock, he couldn't help but 
admired how her blue bikini enhanced her attractiveness.  

<Man!  She looks great in that swimsuit!  Ryoko has a good looking figure!>  
Tenchi thought.  

Her body was covered in perspiration which made her feminine figure stand out 
even more.  Before Ryoko noticed that Tenchi was staring at her, he quickly 
looked away and buried his thoughts.

Ryoko wiped a sweat from her forehead and looked up at the sun.  The sun was 
really getting hot and the wind wasn't helping at all.

"Phew!  Is it getting hot or what?"  She commented.

Her hair was matted from the moisture caused by her perspiration.  She grabbed a 
nearby towel to dry off her sweat.

"So what's the first thing you want to do today, Ryoko?"

"Well, the first thing that comes to my mind is go shopping for a good shady 
hat."

"Alright, sounds good to me.  Then what?"

"Then we'll decide and just go with the flow for a while."

"Ok.  Let's go, shall we?"

Ryoko grabbed her red tank top and wore it over her bikini.  She followed Tenchi 
into the house.  Tenchi had his shades on and camera over his shoulders, he was 
already at the front door.  Tenchi decided to be a gentleman, he opened the door 
for Ryoko.  Ryoko walked through the doorway and smiled at Tenchi thankfully.  
They both walked down the steps of the beach house and headed straight for the 
Naroda Beach Market Strip.


The Fortune Teller, The Sun Hat


Tenchi and Ryoko had reached the beach accessories shop in the middle of the 
Marketplace.  The strip was located along side the beach resort's beach walk, it 
had ten separate stores in all.  As they walked towards the accessories shop, 
Tenchi noticed an Arcade next door to the shop.  Ryoko walked into the 
accessories shop first, Tenchi was about to follow her but something caught his 
attention.  Passing by the arcade, Tenchi noticed a curious looking machine that 
stood next to the arcade's entranceway.  The heart-shaped machine was completely 
crimson and stood on a black pedestal.  A sign attached to the top of the 
machine read: "The Fortune Teller of Potential Love: For one yen piece, see if 
the one you have your sights on is your true love!".        

"Oh yeah, right!! That has got to be the hokiest claim I've ever read!"  Tenchi 
said, skeptically.

"Why are you putting down my machine like that!!"  A craggy old voice yelled out 
from behind Tenchi.  "You kids these days, have no faith in anything!"

"Oh!  Sorry about that rude comment."  Tenchi apologized.  He turned around and 
looked down to see an old bald man looking up at him with angry eyes.

The old dwarf quickly extinguished his anger towards Tenchi and ruffled his 
bushy white moustache with his finger.

"That's alright kid,  you're not the first person to be skeptical of my 
machine." 

"Really?  You mean other's have actually said the same thing?" 

"Of course!!  They would voice their disbelief and just out of pure curiosity, 
they also tried it."

"And what would happen?"

"Only two things..." said the old man, holding up his two fingers. "One, they 
would remain as lovers. Two, they would discontinue their relationship."

"Oh come on!  Couples wouldn't break off their relationships because of a 
machine's opinion?"

"Yes, they would.  You'll be surprised."

"Why?"

"Call it a twist of fate.  One minute a potential couple are looking at each 
other for possibilities of love, the next, they turn away from each other and 
march on home never setting sights on each other again.  I've seen this happen 
thousands of times before.  But on the good side, I've also seen relationships 
grow even stronger."  

"Now, that's really pushing it.  I find that even harder to believe.  People 
just don't make decisions solely based on a gimmick's answer."

"Oh they don't, eh?  Then why don't you try it out yourself." The old man 
smirked. "What do you have to lose besides one yen piece?"

<Maybe this could be a way to finally find some clarity.> Tenchi thought.

"Well, kid?  You think you're up to it?"  The old man asked.

"Okay, then.  I'll try it."

Tenchi reached into the pocket of his shorts and took out five separate yen 
pieces.  Each for Sasami, Aeka, Mihoshi, Washu, and Ryoko.

"Five Yen pieces?  Very interesting!  Planning to find out whether you can nab 
five girls, eh?  I didn't know there's a sexual revolution going on right now.  
You kids are too much."

"Hey now!  That's not what it looks like!" Tenchi said defensively. "I'm not 
like that at all!"

"Yeah, right." The old man doubted bluntly. "All I can say about you kids is 
that you're all pumped full of hormones."

<Dirty old hentai.>  Tenchi thought.

"Well, anyways."  Tenchi grumbled, changing the subject.  "How do I work your 
little gimmick here?"

"It's quite simple, really.  All you have to do is pop a coin into it's slot and 
type in the name of the girl.  After that, the fortune teller will print out 
your answer."

"Ok, sounds simple enough."

"Well, kid.  I would like to see what answer's in stored for you but I have to 
go run my arcade.  See you around."

"Uh, yeah.  Thanks."

Tenchi watched as the old man walked away and disappeared into the arcade.  Then 
he cautiously looked around to see if Ryoko was anywhere nearby.  Tenchi turned 
and focused his attention onto the machine.  He popped in all five of his yen 
pieces into the machine's coin slot.  A short and simple direction appeared on 
the machine's black screen.  The fonts were colored red and the background was 
black.

PLEASE TYPE IN YOUR NAME. 

Tenchi did as directed.

PLEASE ENTER THE NAME/NAMES OF YOUR HEART'S POTENTIAL. 

Tenchi typed in five names.  Then he checked if his spelling was correct.

Washu Hakubi
Sasami Jurai
Aeka Jurai
Mihoshi Kuramitsu
Ryoko Hakubi

PLEASE WAIT WHILE THE FORTUNE TELLER OF POTENTIAL LOVE, PROCESSES YOUR ANSWER.

Tenchi waited a few moments for the machines response.  He nervously looked at 
his watch and realized that five minutes had already passed since he left Ryoko 
alone.

<Hurry up!  You silly machine!  I would hate to see what would happen if Ryoko 
saw me doing this.  Getting advice from a machine.  This is a new low for me!>

The heart shaped Love tester started to print it's results onto a long receipt 
paper for Tenchi.  The printing was taking very long for him, trying his 
patience.  Finally it stopped printing and Tenchi pulled out the sheet from the 
love tester.  

<Jeez!  No wonder it took so long!  Look at all this advertising!>

He finally found the familiar names.  He noticed that right next to each of the 
girls' names, appeared notes.  He looked at the first name on the list:

Washu Hakubi: This one is rather unique, but don't go for her.  Too smart and 
too old.

"Wow!  The old man wasn't kidding!  This thing actually works!" Tenchi said, 
excitedly.  "Though I think the answers are kind of on the blunt side."  

Tenchi reads the next name on the list.

Sasami Jurai:  A very sweet person at heart,  only one problem...
She's too young.

He moved down to the third name on the list.

Mihoshi Kuramitsu:  Another sweet person, this time the right age.  Not a good 
choice for you,  she'll really test your patience if you choose to go steady 
with her.

Meanwhile inside the beach accessories shop, Ryoko was browsing around for about 
five or ten minutes, looking for the perfect hat to wear out in the hot sun.  
She noticed a round sun hat with a blue bow-tie ribbon sitting on top of a rack.  
She decided to try the hat on.  Ryoko looked into the mirror and found that the 
hat fitted perfectly on her head.

"I think this hat looks very nice on me.  What do you think, Tenchi?"  Ryoko 
turned around and realized that Tenchi was no where close to be seen. 

<He's gone.  Where can he be?>  She thought and looked around the shop and 
couldn't find Tenchi. She looked through the shop windows and was relieved to 
find him.  She placed the hat back onto the hat rack and headed back outside. 

Outside, Tenchi was nearly done with the list, now it was coming down to the two 
major active contenders; Aeka and Ryoko.  He looked at Aeka's results.

Aeka Jurai:  She's nice, polite, and worthy of great love.  She's not for you.

<Okay, that was kinda short and straight forward.>  Tenchi frowned.  He turned 
his attention to the final name on the list, Ryoko.

Ryoko Hakubi:  Cherish every precious moment you have with her...

<Strange.>  Was the only word that came to Tenchi's mind.

"Tenchiii!  So that's where you been all this time!"  Ryoko said as she walked 
towards him.  "What are you doing out here?"

Tenchi was momentarily startled by Ryoko and quickly hid the paper in his 
pocket.

"R-Ryoko!  I was just, uh, enjoying the weather!"

"Well follow me, Tenchi!  Tell me what you think of this hat I found."  Ryoko 
said as she went over to grab Tenchi's hand.  Ryoko's hand held Tenchi's and 
politely pulled him into the beach shop.  Tenchi looked at her joyful gesture 
and smiled.

"Alright."

They both walked into the shop and Ryoko led Tenchi straight towards the hat 
rack.  

"I've found the perfect hat, Tenchi!"  Ryoko said, happily. 

"You have?"

"Yep it's over here on the hat rack..."

They reached the hat rack and to Ryoko's dismay, the hat was gone. 

"Where's the hat, Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked.

"I could've sworn it was here just a minute ago!!  I placed it here myself!  
Help me look for it!"  Ryoko said frantically.

"What does it look like?"

"It's a round sun hat with a blue bow-tie ribbon."  

They split up in separate ways and looked around the shop.  Tenchi searched the 
front end of the store and to his surprise, the old man from the arcade was at 
the register, in the process of buying Ryoko's hat.  He quickly walked over to 
the old man and the cashier in time to interrupt their business transaction.

"Uh, hello, sir!  Remember me!"

"Why hello there, young man!  Did your fortune come out the way you wanted?"

"No, not exactly.  But that's not why I'm here."

"Oh?  Then why are you bugging me?"

"I wanted to speak to you about that hat you're about to buy."

"Yeah?  Well, forget it.  I'm buying it for my granddaughter."

"Could you by chance, hear me out first?"

"No!  Absolutely not!  I'm getting this for my granddaughter and that's final!"

"But..."

"No buts!"  the old man shouted. "Mmm, this rice cracker is so good."

"What?  Rice cracker?" Tenchi said, confused.  "What are you talking about?  You 
don't even have a thing in your mouth!"

***


The Puppeteer


Meanwhile, back at the Masaki residence,  Washu was eating a rice cracker while 
interacting with Tenchi on her dimensional computer.   

"Whoops!  Kinda slipped there, Heh Heh.  It looks like my new toy is working 
well, maybe too well.  Ryoko and Tenchi don't even suspect a thing."  Washu said 
and smiled.  Then she typed in more commands to input more dialogue into the 
android's interaction with Tenchi.


Aeka's Drenched


Somewhere out in the nearby woods, Shoji was looking for the Masaki residence.  
He had been wandering around the forest for about thirty minutes, he was about 
lose to patience.

"Oh man!"  Shoji fumed.  "Now, where am I?  This is so embarrassing!  I can't 
believe I'm lost on my first day of guard duty!  Those directions Yosho gave me 
were really bad!" 

He trips over a fallen branch and falls flat on his face.

"OOOUUCH!  That smarts!"  he complained out loudly.  He stood up clumsily and 
kicked the fallen branch off to the side.

Nearby at Funaho's tree,  Aeka was alone, contemplating about Tenchi and Ryoko's 
date.

<If something were to happen between the two, I would lose all hope of ever 
being able to express my heart out to Tenchi.>  Aeka thought sadly.

Suddenly,  Aeka's personal introspection is coldly interrupted by a pillar of 
water.  

"Aaah!  I'm all wet!"  Aeka screamed out.  "Who's responsible for this!?"

In front of Aeka, a human male in Jurian clothing was knee deep in the water of 
the moat that surrounded the Holy Tree.

"I'm so sorry about that my lady!  I slipped on a rock and fell into this 
blasted moat and..."  Shoji apologized in mid-sentence and gasped in an air of 
shock.  "I'm so sorry, Princess Aeka!"

Shoji bowed down to Aeka in the most earnest manner he can muster up.  Aeka 
ringed her kimono sleeves of moisture, while at the same time,  regaining her 
composure. 

"It's alright, it happens.  I can assume that you're my new body guard sent here 
by my father."

"Yes, your highness.  My name is Shoji Takazawa I am a Knight of the Royal 
Guard."

"I'm pleased to meet you but before we can continue with the introductions, I 
would like to go back to the house and change into much dryer and suitable 
clothing."

"Yes, indeed.  I'm sorry."

They both headed back to the Masaki home not saying a word to each other.  Shoji 
couldn't help but noticed the sad expression on the princess's face.

<Hmm.  I wonder why the princess looks so depressed?>  Shoji thought.  <Maybe 
I'll ask her later, as soon as I'm all dried up.>

***

The Crazy Old Man

Back at Naroda beach, Tenchi is still struggling to cut a deal with the old man 
before Ryoko finds out.

"Come on!" Tenchi Begged.

"No."   

"There's gotta be a way to cut a deal!"

"Absolutely no deal.  By the way, who's it for?"

"It's for her."  Tenchi said as he pointed at Ryoko, who's still searching for 
the hat.

"Hmm. She looks beautiful.  Not bad.  You have taste, kid."  The old man 
complemented.

"Then maybe, there's still a chance?"  Tenchi hoped.

"No!"

"What!?  Oh come on!  Why not?"

"Because I'm having fun!"

"What?!  You can't be that cruel!"

"Oh yes I can."

"You're sick, you know that."

"Of course, I know that!  That's why I'm having fun."

*** 


Ryo-ohki to the Rescue!


Back to the lab, Washu was typing up a storm, laughing out through out the whole 
conversation.  

"Oh man!  I'm having too much fun!"  Washu said joyfully. 

Unbeknownst to Washu, toddler Ryo-ohki happens to be standing behind.  The 
little toddler watched curiously as Washu typed joyfully onto the dimensional 
keyboard.

"Meow?"  Ryo-ohki said inquisitively.  She frowned at Washu's meddling with 
Ryoko's date, then an idea popped into the little cabbit-humanoid's head.

*** 

Back to Naroda Beach.  Tenchi is still persisting with the old man.

"Listen kid, I like you.  I really like you but this is for my granddaughter."

"I know but Ryoko is just as important."

"Oh?  How's she more important than my granddaughter?"

"I didn't say that!  I said 'Ryoko is just AS important'."  Tenchi retorted.

"Oh I see now!  You're trying to be smart with me, eh?  Well let me tell you 
something, mister.  MEOW!  MEOW!  MEOW!"

"Meow?!!"  Tenchi said, confused.

*** 

Back to the Lab.

"Ryo-Ohki!!!  Get away from here!  Can't you see I'm busy!?!"
Washu yelled at the cabbit.

But the toddler, intentionally ignored Washu and kept on typing onto the 
keyboard.  Ryo-ohki loves to help Tenchi in anyway possible.

"Oh great!  Now look what you've done!  The android won't stop acting like a 
cat!  The commands are locked!!  AARRGH!"  Washu screamed.

***

Back to Naroda Beach.  The longer Tenchi stood there and watched the old man 
babble on, things just keep getting stranger and stranger.  The old man was on 
the floor licking his hand and scratching the back of his head with his leg.

"What are you doing?!"  Tenchi asked.

"Can't you see that-MEOW, I'm uhh-MEOW,  Cleaning myself?"

"But you're acting like a cat!"

"Of course, I'm acting like a cat!  Meow!  Meow!  It's much more efficient this 
way!  Don't you think?"

"Uhh.  Right."

Ryoko finally noticed the commotion, she looked to the front of the store and 
found Tenchi staring down at an old man.

"What's all that cat noise coming from?"  Ryoko inquired.

***

Back to the lab,  Washu and Ryo-ohki are pushing and shoving each other, 
fighting over the keyboard, trying to regain control of the android.

"Ryo-ohki!  Stop it!  You're going to get Tenchi suspicious!"

"Meow!  Meow!"  The toddler-cabbit said angrily.

"Alright fine!  Sheesh!  You win!  I'm going to stop toying with him!"

"MEOW!  MEOW!  MEOW!" the cabbit said victoriously.

Washu grumbled as she typed in her last commands for the android.

*** 

Back to Naroda.  Ryoko walked up to Tenchi from behind and looked down at the 
old man who was now crawling around the floor on all four.

"What's wrong with him?"  Ryoko asked.

"I don't know,  this guy is really crazy.  One minute he's acting normal the 
next, he's acting like a cat."

The old man quickly jumped up and hands the sun hat Tenchi.

"Uhh. You win!  MEOW!  Here you go!  Here's the Hat!  MEOW!" 

"Thank you!"  Tenchi gratified.

"Well gotta go!  MEOW!  Bye-bye!"  The old man quickly exits the store on his 
hands and knees.

"Uhh.  Bye."  Tenchi said, wearily.  Then he turned his attentions toward the 
store clerk and buys the hat.  He faced Ryoko and handed her the sun hat.  "Here 
you go, Ryoko.  I think this is the hat you mentioned to me about."

Ryoko gasped in excitement when she received the hat from Tenchi.

"Thank you, Tenchi!  Here let me try it on.  Tell me what you think."

Ryoko placed the sun hat on her head.  Tenchi looked at her carefully and 
smiled.  He noticed that the hat enhanced her yellow eyes.  

"The hat fits you perfectly, Ryoko.  Actually makes you look lovely and 
beautiful."

<Whoa, wait a minute.  Did I say LOVELY AND BEAUTIFUL?!>  Tenchi thought.

"Really?!  You mean it?"  Ryoko asked excitedly.

Tenchi nodded yes.

"Thank you, Tenchi!" Ryoko laughed happily and hugged Tenchi in a non-aggressive 
manner.

"Don't mention it, Ryoko.  Come on let's go outside so I can take a picture of 
you in your new hat." 

"Alright."  Ryoko complied happily.

They both exited the store and looked around for a place to shoot Ryoko's photo.  
As they looked around for spot,  Tenchi could not help thinking about his 
results from the fortune teller. 

<I wonder what that machine meant?  I wanted clarity.  The answer it gave me 
about Ryoko, seemed so cryptic and peculiar.>  Tenchi thought.  

[Cherish every precious moment you have with her...] The words kept beckoning to 
Tenchi every time he thought about it.


You're Going to hate me for this,  To Be Continued...




The Lonely Moon
(tragedy)

I am lonely like the moon 
You are faraway as the earth
Now you say I light your thoughts
Night After night
Soon you forget

We are drifting in this dance
I can feel you circle my thoughts
Keeping such a graceful distance
So close but somehow apart

Sometimes I cry for you
Knowing you don't want me to
Sometimes I whisper to the stars up in the sky

That I want to find the way to your soul
Kiss in the sun when morning comes you don't seem to count the hours
When we are not together
I've seen a tender fire in your eyes
Yet when I'm gone you carry on
I float in this emptiness
Till at last love returns
With the night and the lonely moon



Author's Notes 2nd:

I know I know, this is a somewhat abrupt and cheesy way to get more readers.   
I'm doing this to keep my mind on track, so that way I won't screw up on the 
next chapter.  Besides, the public demands more, so I gave them more.  But not 
to worry, Naroda Beach Pt.2 is nearly halfway through.  It'll focus even more on 
the date,  Pt.1 was just to serve as a good set up.  And I won't end my Fanfics 
like this ever again...
I hope.

