Our story starts off with a normal day at the Masaki home. Sasami had just 
finished cooking a big dinner and asked Tenchi to gather everyone.....

Tenchi: Ryoko! Ryoko! Oh there you are. (She was lying on the sofa).
Ryoko: oh, hey Tenchi! What's up?
Tenchi: Ryoko, Dinners ready. (He started to think) Hmm., could you do me a 
favor
 Ryoko?
Ryoko: Any thing for you Tenchi. (She said in a sappy voice)
Tenchi: Could you go get Washu for me?
Ryoko: Ohhh do I have to? (She whined) Her lab is so big and I just am so tired.
Tenchi: Please??
Ryoko: Oh all right. But just for you. (She pouted) 
CUT SCENE

Ryoko always acted like she didn't care for Washu and got angry easily by her 
but she really did care. Ryoko loved her mother and always found comfort and 
support in her. She then flew up and entered the lab.

Ryoko: Washu!! Washu! Oh I mean Mom!!(No answer) MOM!! MOM!!(Still no answer) 
WASHU!! WHERE ARE YOU?!?!? 

Ryoko looked around the lab and saw how desolate it was. There were no blinking 
lights, or beeping machines on. Ryoko got worried and wanted to search the 
entire lab but she decided against it. She then flew out and went to dinner...

CUT SCENE

Tenchi: Did you find Little Washu?
Ryoko: No. It was strange though.
Tenchi: How so? 
Ayeka: What's going on? Ryoko where is Washu?
Ryoko: I don't know. Her lab was empty and every thing was turned off.
Sasami: Well that's strange. Where could she be?
Kiyone: I think after dinner we should all look for her or at least a trace of 
her.
Tenchi: That sounds like a good idea.
Mihoshi: Will someone please pass me the rice? (Everyone got sweatdrops)

CUT SCENE

Well, dinner ended and they all split up. Kiyone, Tenchi and Ryoko went and 
checked the lab while Sasami checked the house. Mihoshi checked the field and 
Ayeka looked at the shrine. About an hour or so later they all met up in the 
living room.....

Tenchi: Did anyone find anything? Ayeka?
Ayeka: Well I thoroughly went over the shrine and the forest around it but I 
found nothing.
Tenchi: Mihoshi?
Mihoshi: What?
Tenchi: Did you find her?
Mihoshi: What were we supposed to do again? (Everyone got sweat drops)
 Kiyone: You idiot! You man to tell me for the past hour you didn't search for 
Washu?
Mihoshi: Oh yeah I did that. I didn't find her though.
Tenchi: Sasami?
Sasami: Nope. 
Ryoko: Where could she be?
Ayeka: OH like you care Ryoko? I wouldn't be surprised if you were responsible 
for her disappearance. 
Ryoko: What is that supposed to mean?!? (She was getting mad)
Ayeka: Oh you know what I mean, Ryoko! You probably bumped her off to get 
Tenchi!
Ryoko: (Now she was full of rage, but it subsided and her head got red hot and 
her eyes swelled with tears) 
Ayeka!!!(She said gritting her teeth. Then she floated up stairs and Tenchi 
could tell something was wrong)
CUT SCENE

Three days had passed and Washu did not return. Ryoko hadn't even left her room 
for any thing. Tenchi was now even more worried. He started up the stairs and 
knocked on her door.

Ryoko: Who's There?
Tenchi: It's me Tenchi.
Ryoko: Oh Come in Tenchi.
Tenchi: Hi Ryoko.
Ryoko: Hi. Have you heard anything yet?
Tenchi: No nothing at all. (Ryoko then just burst into tears) Oh Ryoko it's 
going to be all right. She'll return 
soon (He then sat on her bed beside her)
Ryoko: I don't know what has come over me. (She said crying) I miss her so much 
and I don't know why.
Tenchi: Look Ryoko, Could you cheer up for me? (He put his arm around her and 
she blush. She was done crying) I know its hard but she will come back. 
Ryoko: Do you think so?
Tenchi: I know so (He then turned her face to his and kissed her)
Ryoko: OH TENCHI...(She started to smile)

Tenchi then turned her onto the bed and stared to undress.

Ryoko: What are you doing Tenchi? (He was on top of her)
Tenchi: I don't know but I won' t regret it. (He began to undress her as well.)

There they were, together, alone and in the moment. Tenchi then moved down 
closer and.... THE NEXT MORNING, Tenchi awoke next to Ryoko and smiled at her, 
She had been up watching him sleep.

Ryoko: Tenchi what we did last night, do you thing it will change anything?
Tenchi: No I don't.
CUT SCENE

The day had passed by and it was all ready two o clock when something happened. 
The door flung open and there stood Washu! She was panting and looked excited. 
Sasami was in the room reading a book and was the first to see Washu.

Sasami: Huh? Washu? Washu your back!!
Washu: Hi.
Sasami: HEY EVERBODY WASHU IS BACK!!(She said at the top of her lungs)

Tenchi raced down the stairs to greet her followed by Kiyone and Mihoshi. Ryoko 
was sleeping but through their telepathy she knew Washu was back. Ryoko then 
floated down the stairs and saw Washu. They threw their arms around each other 
and hugged.

Ryoko: It's good to see you mom.
Washu: Is that all you have to say to your mother? I have been missing for 4 
days.
Ryoko: Wah? Ohhhhhh you!!(She got a little mad, not angry mad anime mad)
Washu: It's good to see you too, little Ryoko. (Ayeka just walked in to see them 
hugging)
Ayeka: Oh is this a Kodak moment if I've ever seen one. (She said sarcastically)
Ryoko: Fuck you, Ayeka. (She said casually and swiftly threw an energy ball 
which hit Ayeka)
Tenchi: I'm glad to see you little Washu. Tell us, where did you go?
Kiyone: Yeah, where were you?
Washu: (she stopped hugging Ryoko and sat down) Remember Dr Clay that octopus 
head who kidnapped 
me? Well somehow he did it again. But I don't know how. Mihoshi, what did you do 
with Clay when you 
got to headquarters?
Mihoshi: Well, he seemed like such a nice guy on the way there so I trusted him 
to turned himself in?
Kiyone: ONCE AGAIN YOU ARE THE CAUSE OF A CASTROPHE MIHOSHI! CAN'T YOU DO 
ANYTHING RIGHT??
Mihoshi: I'm sorry Kiyone. I didn't mean to (she said in a meek voice)
Washu: Well the worst is over. Now I can get back to work.
Tenchi: Little Washu, why don't you relax for a few days?  
Washu: I can't Tenchi. I don't want my brain cells to die, now do I?
Sasami: Guess what? In honor of your return I'm gonna make a big dinner tonight. 
Ayeka: That sounds nice Sasami. (She said in a sweet voice. Ayeka then turned to 
Ryoko and became 
angry) How dare you strike a royal princess you vulgar monster?
Ryoko: I'm not in the mood for this now Ayeka. I'm not feeling well. (She then 
got a telepathic message 
from Washu.)

Washu: Come in my lab with me. I'll run some tests.
Ryoko: Fine.
CUT SCENE

Well Washu was back and everyone was feeling fine except for Ryoko. It felt like 
her stomach was hurting but it wasn't her stomach. She had wondered if she got a 
cold after that night with Tenchi. She went into the lab and let Washu perform 
all sorts of tests. Blood tests, Urine samples whatever.

Ryoko: Are we done yet?
Washu: Yeah, but I have to wait for the results to be ready so you won't know 
what's wrong for an hour or so.
Ryoko: Damn.
CUT SCENE

Sasami then called everyone to dinner, which was huge! She made all sorts of 
culinary (yes it's a word) delights. The group then settled down for a nice 
meal, which lasted an hour. Washu had this little timer that resembled her. It 
went off during the meal and she hurried to the lab. The results were ready! She 
studied them carefully and raced back.

Washu: Ryoko I know what's wrong with you.
Ayeka: Oh, everyone knows that. She's insane.
Ryoko: Fuck you, Ayeka.
Washu: Well any way Ryoko I have figured out what's been plaguing you. 
Ryoko: WHAT IS IT THEN!!!!
Washu: You're pregnant, Ryoko.
Ryoko: Wah??(She said that and then passed out into an anime stone of her, and 
so did Tenchi.)
Sasami: Yay!! There's gonna be a little baby in the house soon!
Washu: But not for another 9 months Sasami.
Ayeka: How can this be Miss Washu? Who is the father then?
Washu: Well judging by both Ryoko AND Tenchi passing out, I suspect Tenchi is 
the father. 
Ayeka: Wah? (She passed out as well)   
 CUT SCENE
Later on, when everyone was conscious, Washu explained the tests and how she 
knew Ryoko was pregnant.
Ayeka: Couldn't you have made a mistake somewhere?
Washu: You are talking to the greatest scientific genius in the Universe! I 
don't make mistakes.
Ayeka: But how do you know that Tenchi is the father?
Washu: I don't.
Ayeka: Then how can we find out?
Washu: That's easy, ASK HIM!
Ayeka: (she turned to Tenchi) Is it true? Are you the father?
Tenchi: Yes Ayeka, I am.
Ayeka: No, no, No, NOOOO!!!!!!!! (She then ran out of the house crying)
Kiyone: Wow Tenchi I didn't know you had it in ya. Hey Tenchi if you ever feel 
lonely again call me. (She gave him a kiss on the cheek and he got a sweat drop)
Mihoshi: So Ryoko is pregnant and Tenchi is the father. Are there any rice balls 
left?
Kiyone: You're so dense.
CUT SCENE

The next few weeks went on as normal except Ryoko stopped drinking and Ayeka 
stopped talking. Now and then Ryoko got check ups from Washu and Tenchi always 
went with her. Then there was on check up where something was wrong.

Washu: Well it seems something is a little off Ryoko.
Ryoko: What? What's wrong with my baby?
Tenchi: Tell us Washu.
Washu: HMM....

END OF CHAPTER.

 Now it's interesting. Tenchi having sex with Ryoko? Washu going missing? What's 
up with Kiyone? AND DOESN'T ANYTHING FAZE SASAMI AND MIHOSHI? What could be 
wrong with the baby? All this and more are answered in Chapter Two!
 


