Ryoko's Son
By: Chibi_Kanji
Disclaimer: Ok, this is the last time I say this on this story! THE 
TENCHI CHARECHTERS ARE NOT MINE! Kanji, Asteron, Damien, Nashashi, and 
Ashira are! So stop calling me! I'm a geko not Geico which could save 
you millions on car insurence!

This story is brought to you by the good people at Geico auto 
insurance... So go call them (Or I wont make any money!) Jus kidden.

Chapter 5
Merging Worlds

	The inside of the pillar finally turned comptletly black. As fast 
as the wind Ashira jumped at Ryoko, but with Galaxy Police Speed, Kiyone 
shot her in the back. Kanji teleported to his mother and broke her 
bondings. Nashashi jumped at Kanji but was blocked by Asterons blade. 
Ayeka appeared behind Nashashi. A blast hit Nashashi with admirable 
force. As Nashashi slid away Ashira appeared in between Asteron and 
Ayeka. Her face full of malice.

	"You moron! Don't kill the boy! We need him for later." She spat.

	"You little witch! Damn you!" Nashashi popped up lit his sword and 
slashed Ashira.

	Her face bled... She looked up and smirked with a flick of the 
wrist Nasashi crumpled onto the floor with no life force. A green spirit 
floated from his body and made its way into Ashira's. "Thanks for my 
power back... fool."

	The piller suddenly entered a black diminsion. The trees and 
pillar, and alter, and fround all turned into diomand. A ruby throne 
shot up from the ground in a breaking of a tree. Ashira sat down in it. 
One by one she forced everyone to bow with her mind. Then she came to 
Kanji, she didn't force anything on him, she simply got up and walked 
over. She caressed his right cheek and then slapped him.

	"I can read your mind nephew... And I'm hurt you would say 
that..." Ashira said to his face. "I can do anything I want with you... 
This is my creation now... For an hour you are under my control..."

	"You'll never get away with this..." Kanji said calmly.

	Ashira started to walk around Kanji. "Wah Wah Wah... All of you 
humans are alike... Your all such..." She waved her hand in a down 
position. "Babies..."

	Kanji suddenly felt himself shrink, he turned into the baby he 
once was, he sat there and cried. Ashira bent down on her knees. Her lip 
in a pouting position.

	"It's ok Kanji, My mother left me too..." She swept him into her 
arms. "Right sister? You left him for your own needs." She blasted Ryoko 
onto her back and held Kanji in her face. "Right?"

	"I will kill you..." Ryoko said with immense force.

	"Kanji..." She turned Kanji back into his 15 year old form. "Why 
not join me... We are alike..."

	"No Aunt Ashira... Thats where you are wrong. Sure both our 
mothers left us... Sure we were both experiments, but I let nothing 
overrule me, but myself. You manifested yourself in hatred from the day 
you were born... That is why you didn't have powers..." Kanji explained 
darkly.

	"Wha... What about your mother... She killed too..." Ashira said 
triumphantly.

	"NO! She had to act for Kagoto... When she was free she never 
killed again. If one person is guilty... It is me... I killed those 
gaurds at the bank... But I didn't know what I was doing." Kanji said 
again.

	Ashira's eyes grew moist, she fell on her knees and covered her 
face. "Your right... Kanji... Kill me... In a duel." She got up. 
"Please... I want to die the fighters death."

	"Fine..."

	"Kan... Kanji my son... Take the crystals from the sword..." Ryoko 
said throwing Tenchi's sword to him.

	Kanji felt his powers increase as the crystals spread through his 
body. They manifested into his soul. Kanji felt, Washu, his mom, and 
even Ashira in his body. And someone else, himself within himself.

	Kanji lit his sword and lunged at Ashira. She teleported and so 
did Kanji. Kanji jumped away from a blue fireball. A crystal hand grew 
behind Kanji, Kanji spun around and cut it in half. He evaded a punch 
from Ashira and hit her with his sword. She stumbled to the ground and 
got up. She then launched a red fireball to big to evade. 

	A shield formed infront of Kanji, blocking the attack. Kanji was 
knocked back to the edge of the platform. He got up to see another beam 
coming at him. He spun his staff like a propeller, and the beam 
dispearsed off of it. Kanji teleported behind Ashira and charged up a 
large beam. He shot her as she turned around and she was knocked to the 
edge of the platform. She staggered up and teleported infront of Kanji, 
punching him. Kanji fell to the ground and could'nt get up. She made a 
green energy sword looking exactly like Ryoko's. She held it up to stab 
him and brought it down.

	Kanji rolled away from it and got up, he quickly made his staff 
and cut off Ashira's arm. She screached in pain and looked at Kanji with 
spitefulness in her eyes. Kanji took the oppurtonity to slash off her 
head. Ashira teleported to the edge of the platform fully restored. 

	The world the eclipse had created was almost gone. The trees 
ground and other items turned threir origanal color. The darkness faded 
the a evening on Jurai. And the ruby throne dissapeared. 

	The two fighters darted at eachother with amazing speed and 
classhed with a white flash they stood backs to eachother 20 feet away, 
breathing heavily. Finally they both fell clutching their wounds. The 
ground around them stained with blood. Nashashi's body in the back 
ground. Ryoko, Ayeka, Tenchi, Washu, Asteron, Sasami, Nagi, Mihoshi, 
Kiyone, Jinohki, Kinohki, and Ryo-ohki all bowed out of resent.

	Time stopped for a moment, nothing moved. No air, animal, our 
wind, it lingered around the area studying the scene then slowly started 
again. Ashira fell to the ground lifeless. A pool of green blood soaked 
into the ground around her. While Kanji had gained a cut on his stomach 
and arm. Ashira had been mortally cut in the neck.

	Kanji rolled over, his vision blurred. Everyone got up and ran to 
Kanji, they were mere shadows in his eyes. Finally everyone but one 
shadow turned to flames, the shadow was reaching both arms out. Her eyes 
full of water.

*	*	*

	Kanji awoke and kicked his legs off the side of the hospital bed. 
His shirt was off and around his wound bandages were wrapped. Washu, nor 
Tenchi was in the room. Only Ryoko. She sat in a chair sleeping silently 
with a book clutched in her hand. A stale tear lay on her face, not 
moving. Kanji took his shirt from Ryoko's lap and put it on.

	Ryoko awoke and was shocked to see Kanji awake. She dropped the 
book and hugged him tightly. Kanji realized the warmness from way back 
when. And he embraced her in a hug also, crying into her shoulder.

	"Baby I'm here now... Don't cry..." She said running her fingers 
through his hair.

	"I missed you..." Kanji said looking into her moist eyes.

	"I know."

	"Never leave me again..." 

	Ryoko rocked her son back and fourth and stroked his hair softly. 
All these feelings were new, she now knew what Washu had wanted all her 
life. A baby. And Ryoko was privaledged to know. "Never again."

*	*	*

	As it would later turn out. Asteron was a undercover bounty hunter 
who was accidently arrested by Jurai. Nagi and him would later marry and 
work together for the rest of their lives. Washu had rebuilt Kiyone's 
ship, which they were now travelling in. The day Kanji awoke, Ryoko and 
Ayeka started to fight over Tenchi. To Tenchi's misfourtune so did 
Washu. Sasami and  Kanji started hanging out more often, sometimes 
kissing, and talking love. Mihoshi had gotten her pacifier and bottle 
for her birthday from Washu. To everyones suprise she actually used 
them. Kiyone and Mihoshi got promoted to first class under cover 
detectives. Ryo-ohki and Jinohki immedietly got along.

	Kanji and the group sat in the living room talking among 
themselves. Mihoshi had the pacifier in her mouth and the bottle of tea 
on the table. Ryoko and Ayeka sat to the sides of Tenchi shooting evil 
glances. Washu avoided Mihoshi for her stupid idea. Asteron and Nagi 
leaned on the wall actually conversing in the group.

	"So it's back to earth." Ryoko snuggeling with Tenchi.

	"No Ryoko... We have one last fight. And you to Kanji." Nagi said 
smirking.

	"Me!" Kanji yelled in shock.

	"Ya you... You broke into the bank your worth money." Asteron said 
looking at Kanji fiercely.

	"Then lets use the western arena!" Washu yelled excietedly.

	The ship immiedetly transported to the Western arena. Kanji and 
Ryoko stood back to back, Asteron and Nagi facing their enemy. The rest 
of the group was on assorted balconies. A dust swirled around the 
fighters impairing their vision.

	Kanji lunged towards Asteron and was blocked by the Jurain sword. 
Kanji knocked it out of the way with his staff and spun around the 
muscular man to hit his back. Asteron spun around and kicked Kanji 
through the window of a bar. Kanji stagered up to see Asteron enter the 
bar darting towards him. Kanji knocked him back with a blast of energy 
he then a darted and blocked a hit from Asterons sword. Kanji teleported 
outside the bar and destroyed it with an energy blast.

	Nagi darted at Ryoko to be blocked by her energy sword. Ryoko 
flipped over her foe and kicked her into the dry ground. Nagi jumped up 
above Ryoko and came down with her sword hitting Ryoko's. Ryoko 
teleported behind Nagi and slashed her back. Nagi roundhouse kicked 
Ryoko down the hot Road. Ryoko staggered up and the two stared eachother 
down. Ryoko and Nagi lunged at eachother and met in mid attack. Ryoko 
blasted Nagi in the stomach. Nagi was knocked into the bar that Kanji 
was just teleported out of. Ryoko shot another blast to destroy the bar.

	The bar collapsed, in a cloud of dust Nagi and Asteron lay. They 
staggered up and disignited their weapons. They stepped out of the 
wrekage of the bar and confronted their foes.

	"You win... Now go." Nagi said throwing her weapon down.

	"Yes we conceed, you are the better." Asteron said throwing his 
weapon down.

	Kanji and Ryoko silently left Washus arena. The group looked as 
the mother and son left towards the neverchanging sunset. They finally 
left.

*	*	*

	IT had been a week since the battle at Washu's arena. Asteron and 
Nagi had left in their own direction to train for another year. Ayeka 
and Ryoko were still fighting, Tenchi running. Washu being the typical 
mad genuis now started testing on Kanji. Mihoshi and Kiyone had gone to 
live at a space station orbiting Earth. They still came to visit every 
day.

	Since the pillar incident Earth had opened its eyes to the 
vastness of space, and now were controlled by Jurai. In turn the people 
on Earth now lived longer. Earth had become a mecca for its fast food 
resturants, and admerabel technoligy. Although the Jurain system soon 
found out that the technoligy used was prehistoric. Earth had also 
become a trading center for space traders. The thiefs on Earth became 
space pirates.

	Kanji stood outside of his room whispering the plan to Ryoko. They 
whispered on how to annoy Ayeka the most. With two from Washu's 
herritedge, the annoyance of Ayeka would be more. They waited until 
Sasmi entered the living room. Everybody else was there also. Kanji 
teleported onto Tenchi's lap and hugged him.

	"DADDY!" He said in a babyish voice. He looked to Ayeka. 
"Grandma!" Kanji pointed to Ayeka. "Dada, why does Mihoshi get a baba! I 
WANT A BABA! WAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!"

	Ayeka shooke with rage. When Ryoko heard the cry she ran down the 
stairs with another bottle.

	"Thanks honey for taking care of Kanji." She said kissing Tenchi 
on the lips. "My mother in law over there never will." Ryoko put the 
bottle in Kanji's hand. 

	Kanji took one sip of the water in it and threw it at Ayeka. The 
water spread all over her face and started to steam.

	"MISS RYOKO! LORD KANJI! I DEMAND TO KNOW WHATS GOING ON!" She 
started chasing after the mother and son ordering Azaka and Kamedake to 
kill them.

	Tenchi sighed. "Everythings as normal as it could be, except 
Mihoshi."

	Mihoshi looked around with the bottle in her mouth. "Ya! HEY!"

	Everyone laughed after 13 years they all laughed.

The End

No Kanji's corner this time. Sorry.

But you can E-mail me at Kanji_D@hotmail.com
