"Hello, my name is Jan Aubrey Fogle, known to some as Jaf.  As some of you 
may have noticed, I am also the leader and founder of the AFC.  However, 
everything I do does not have everything to deal with the AFC.  For example, 
this fic is of my own device, and I never, ever checked with any club member 
to write this.  I wrote this out of my respect for Ryoko and my belief that 
Ryoko should get Tenchi and that Aeka isn't good enough for Tenchi.  This fic 
will be as long as I feel like writing it, and no one can sway me to do 
otherwise, so keep your C&C to yourself.

I can not stress enough, however, that this has nothing to do with the AFC, 
even though I am the founder.  No one in the AFC thinks like I do and they 
all love Aeka and Ryoko both dearly.  Most of them like Sasami more and think 
she should get Tenchi and steal him away from everyone else, but that is 
beside the point.  This is my creation, not theirs.  If you are thinking of 
joining the club, please do.  You will be accepted with loving arms and 
everyone will love you dearly for it.  I will love you dearly for it. You 
will be in my prayers and you will have automatic love and respect because 
you are cool and hip and stuff.  The AFC is what you should join.  Join the 
AFC.  This fic has nothing to do with it, but join the AFC.  Please.

                      Thank you,
         Aubinimity (that's my pin name.  Or is it pen name?  Bah, whatever)

------

One week before


     The setting was perfect.  The earth birds were chirping, the breeze was 
blowing pleasantly, her hair fluttering in her long pony tails, the sun high, 
creating a devine glow about her and the forest.
     And of course, there was Tenchi.  Tenchi!  Tenchi with her!  At long 
last, she knew it was coming!  He was going to tell her!  He was going to 
express his love, at long last!  She could see it in his eyes!
     He was sitting there, staring at her, obviously captivated in her eyes, 
as she was captivated in his, those soft, thoughtful, kind brown eyes, 
sparkling with Jurain energy.  Oh, glorious day!  At long last!
     "Um, Aeka..." he stammered.  She loved it when he stammered, when he 
acted so bashful around her.  She loved every part of him, would for the 
rest of her days.
     "Yes Tenchi?" she asked him coyly, playing up to him.  She wanted 
desperately for him to find the courage, the courage to love her as she did 
him!  Oh, if such an act was even possible, to equally give her the love she 
gave him, for the love was endless, gigantic, insurmountable!
     "This is really hard for me to say," he mumbled, his hand drifting to 
the back of his head.
     "Oh, I'm ready for anything," she cooed, snuggling up to him.
     "Oh, well, alright, I'll guess I'll just say it."
     "Please do!  I can't wait.  Just to hear your voice..."
     "Uh, Aeka ... I ..."
     "Just say the words, my lord," she said to him, becoming overwhelmed in 
anticipation.  Finally, after all these weeks and months, he was going to 
tell her!  Finally!  What she had been waiting for so long!  It was all 
coming together!
     "Me and Ryoko are, uh, kinda engaged."
     Aeka face faulted.  "What?"
     "Well, you see, before last night, I was a virgin, and I never really 
experienced the act of love before, you know?"
     "Wh-what did you just say?"
     "And Ryoko, last night, she showed me.  Oh, it was wonderful!  She was 
so strong!  So demanding!  You know she gave me a blow job?!  I've never 
really been kissed before and she-"
     "What are you talking about?!"  Aeka was on the verge of tears.  This 
had to be a joke!  The Tenchi she knew was a kind and decent man, a loving 
man, a brave man!  What was he talking about?!  And did he just say BLOW 
JOB?!!
     "Well, you see, you're a very fragile girl, Aeka, and I don't think 
I'm, well, I guess it would be man enough to have you and all the 
responsibility of my birth right, do you understand?"
     "I ... I ..."
     "Don't get me wrong.  I still love you, just as a friend.  You'll 
always be my closest friend.  Your kindness and support have gotten me 
through some tough times, Aeka.  I just want to thank you.  And you're 
invited to the wedding, of course.  It's next week.  Ryoko didn't think you 
would come but I demanded we invite you.  Cause you're my friend, and-"
     Aeka had her head down.  Her words came like daggers.  Tears dripped 
down to her kimono, darkening the bright purple in little spots of sadness.  
"You ... chose ... that ... girl ... over ... a ... damn ... blow job?!"
     "You don't understand, Aeka!  You know how well Ryoko can ..." Tenchi 
quickly glanced both ways.  "You know how well she can suck a penis?" he 
whispered, half giggling.
     "Go away," Aeka mumbled, her body erect and statue-like.  Not a quiver 
ran through her.
     "Well ... I can tell you probably need some time to get over this.  But 
don't worry about me, Aeka.  There are plenty of other men out there, all 
across the universe.  I mean, considering the complexity of the Jurain 
family tree and all, you might even find another brother out there or 
something ..."
     Tenchi was shushed by Jurain logs suddenly appearing around him.
     "Well, I guess I'll leave you alone," Tenchi spat out quickly, leaping 
from the log he was sitting on and sprinting towards the shrine.
     Aeka waited til she could no longer hear his foot steps before starting 
to cry.

     "How'd she take it?" Ryoko asked as Tenchi sprinted up to the shrine.
     "Oh, you know, she was alright, I guess."
     "She threw a fit didn't she?!" Ryoko said, smiling.
     "No!  She just kinda listened.  Anyway, I don't think we should mess 
with her right now.  We'll wait til the wedding to approach her."
     "She's not coming," Ryoko spat.  "I'm not going to let her ruin it!"
     "Probably not, but I invited her anyway."
     "Tenchi!"
     "She's my friend, Ryoko, and this is probably a difficult time for 
her.  She'll need us there to help her calm down."
     "Well ... alright, if you really want the bitch there."  Ryoko jumped 
into his arms, hanging onto his shoulders.
     "Yes I do.  Now let's hurry, cause we've got a wedding to plan.  I've 
got to get tuxes for me, dad, and grandpa.  And you've got to get a wedding 
gown and bride's maid dresses for Washu, Mihoshi, and Sasami."
     "I doubt Aeka will let Sasami come ..."
     "Anyway, maybe she will.  Just do it.  We've both got a lot of stuff to 
do."

     "I DON'T BELIEVE IT!!" Nobiyuki screamed, jumping around the house.  
"OUR LITTLE TENCHI IS GETTING MARRIED!!! WHOO HOO!!!!!  YEH!!  YAY!!!!"
     "Nobiyuki!  Stop this foolishness!" Yosho scolded.
     "I JUST CAN'T HELP IT!!!  I'M SO HAPPPYYYYY!!!!!"  Nobiyuki stopped 
jumping around and immediately broke into the river dance, feet flying every 
which way, knocking lamps off of tables and smashing in television screens 
all over the place.
     "Yes, I agree with father," Sasami sang, her eyes growing wide and 
filled with sparkling tears of happiness.  "This is so sweet that Tenchi is 
marrying Ryoko!"
     "Yeh," Mihoshi put in. "I just love weddings!!!!"  Mihoshi and Sasami 
immediately joined with the river dance, knocking knives and dishes off 
counters and sending them careening to the walls floor.
     "Please everyone!" Yosho tried to scream over the commotion.  "This is 
a time for planning and diligent work, not for running around and dancing 
and WAHHH!!"
     Nobiyuki snatched Yosho's hands and was leaping into the air with him, 
letting out screams of happiness.
     "Wait!  Wait!"  Yosho tried to calm them.  "What about...  What about
...!  WHAT ABOUT AEKA!!!!!"
     Everybody stopped dancing and looked at him.  Expressions of deep 
thought and contemplation crossed everyone's faces.  For a long time they 
all stood there, thinking about what they were doing and the poor girl 
outside, alone, surely torn apart with sadness and jealousy and loss.  The 
whole setting was silent, the sounds of birds chirping in the new day 
outside the only sound for miles and miles.  One could hear the slightest 
sound, the faintest pin drop, the littlest mouse cough, the most far away 
waterfall.
     "Well," Mihoshi said finally.  "She's a princess.  She's bound to get 
over it sooner or later."
     Everyone looked at her and then thought to themselves.
     "YOU'RE RIGHT!!" they all yelled in unison.  They then returned to 
their river dancing, knocking things down, ruining the house, tearing holes 
in the walls, all the while singing "TENCHI'S GETTING MARRIED!!!  TENCHI'S 
GETTING MARRIED!!!"  They sang all that afternoon, all that night.  Soon 
Tenchi and Ryoko came in, and after a little time of useless words trying to 
calm them down, they too started singing, filling the whole forest, even the 
whole town a couple miles down the road with their bright, happy, relieved 
words of "TENCHI'S GETTING MARRIED!!!  TENCHI'S GETTING MARRIED!!!  RYOKO'S 
GETTING TENCHI AND TENCHI'S GETTING MARRIED!!! HOORAY!!!!!!!!"

     Back in the woods, Aeka was sobbing.





     The next day, everyone in the household was awakened by a thunderous 
crash from outside.  Windows rattled, on the brink of shattering, as 
humongous clouds of upshot dust bashed the outside walls, shaking the entire 
homestead.  Everyone quickly filed outside to see what was going, Tenchi and 
Ryoko the first ones to hit the scene.  They looked upward and were just in 
time to see a faint image rising up into the night.  Soon, the others were 
outside, looking around for the tornado or earthquake or signs of apocalypse.
     "It was just a spaceship," Tenchi mumbled, turning back to his family.  
Ryoko nodded in agreement.
     "I wonder who it was," Sasami mused.
     Just then Mihoshi busted outside, waving around a piece of paper.  "Oh 
no!" she kept screaming.  "Oh no!  Oh no!  Oh no!"
     "Give me that!" Ryoko shouted at her, shutting her up.  "Let's see here.
     "‘I'm sorry this has happened, but I must do this.  I have gone home to 
my parents, my real family, and I will never see you again.  Sasami, I know 
how much you love this place, so I won't force you to come with me.  Don't 
worry everyone, I will make sure my father doesn't do anything rash.
                               Signed,
                             Aeka Jurai.'
     "Alright!  She's gone!!!"
     "Ryoko!" Tenchi scolded.
     "Ahh.  I'll be lonely without my sister," Sasami moaned.
     "Don't worry, you still have us," Nobiyuki assured her.
     "Oh yeh!" Sasami said, giving ‘father' a big ole hug.
     "But this means that our household is broken up!" Mihoshi wined.
     "Bah!  What's your problem anyway!  She was always insulting you!" 
Ryoko reminded her.
     "Oh yeh!  Hell with the bitch!"  Mihoshi grinned her usual ditzy grin.
     "Hmm, this is most displeasing," Yosho mumbled.
     "Hey wait a minute!  She was the one who tried to tie you down and make 
you lose your chance at freedom from the tyrany of the aristocracy you were 
trapped in!" Ryoko corrected.
     "Oh yeh!  You're right!  Hell with the bitch!"
     "Ryoko!  You shouldn't be saying such bad things about Aeka!" Tenchi 
scolded her.
     "Well, did she ever suck your dick like a real woman?!"
     "Well ... no, you're right about that, but-"
     "And did SHE ever let you fuck her right up the ass like a REAL 
woman?!!"
     "Well ... no."
     "And did that bitch ever tell you once that she loved you?!"
     "Yeh."
     "She did?!  Well, uh, um, did she mean it?!!"
     "Yeh, probably."
     "Uh ... How do you know?!" Ryoko flustered.
     "I ... guess I don't."
     "THAT'S RIGHT!!  SHE WAS LYING!!" Ryoko cried out triumphantly.
     "Yeh...  I guess you're right.  Hell with the bitch."
     "Hooray!!" everyone yelled in unison.
     "Now let's go back to bed," Ryoko suggested.
     "Ok!" everyone agreed and strolled off back to their rooms.

     This is the end of half of a regular Ryoko gets Tenchi fic.