Son of Ryoko
By: Kanji_D@hotmail
Disclaimer: Ok. I admit it sir, I do not and have never owned the 
soilders Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Ryo-ohki, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Nagi, 
or Kiohki, But I do own Kanji, Nashashi, Ashira, Damien, and Jinohki. 
Please do not swamp me with Potato Duties (Press Charges.) Thank you, 
SIR!

Chapter 3
The Jurain Universe

	Kiyone's ship landed in the docking bay. Washu finished up 
disguising Kanji and pushed him to the door. He pleaded to stay on the 
ship. He grovveled and cried for mercy. Washu just turned the cold 
shoulder. The door opened and Kanji sighed, no use fighting anymore. He 
stepped out into the Jurain check point. For the first time he regretted 
having broken into that bank (If you havn't read chapter one read it.)

	He stepped into the station, in his blue dress, white button up 
shirt,  and red scarf around the coller. His long brown hair shined in 
the artificial light. His green tinted contacts itched in his eyes. 
Kanji pulled up his black knee socks, and wiped the dust off his slip on 
shoes. His face grew red as he trudged behind the group.

	Everyone in the checking station glanced at him. No doubt they 
were thinking how cute he looked. Washu had put this disguise together 
because there were so many girls she could not find a disguise for a 
boy. Even if she was a genuis. 

	They stopped at the check point, and were let through immidietly 
because they were among roalty. A boy with red hair and blue eyes came 
up to Kanji. He was wearing blue robes with white trimmings. He gave her 
a Jurain flower. Kanji looked up and smiled.

	"Can I buy you a drink?" He asked.

	"Um... Well, I'm not who you think I am. But I'll accept." Kanji 
said trying to sound as feminine as possible.

	"Great. Follow me."

	They went down the lighted halls into a bar. The boy picked Kanji 
up and set him on a stool, Kanji crossed his legs so he wouldn't reveal 
his underwear. The boy went over to the bar tender and ordered two 
glasses of fine wine. He came over with the two small glasses and set 
one in front of Kanji.

	"Oh I'm sorry. I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Hiroshi. And 
you?" Hiroshi said taking a sip of the clear liquid.

	"Uh yes I'm Ka- Ka- Kathrine." Kanji recovered.

	"Well Kathrine, what brings you to Jurai?" Hiroshi asked.

	"Uh... I was going to visit my mother." Kanji lied again.

	"Well she must be very beautifal, if she has had an angel such as 
yourself." Hiroshi cooed.

	"You know, I'm not really thirsty right now." Kanji said putting 
his cup down.

	Hiroshi stared. Like he knew somthing was wrong. "Well, Ok. But at 
least come with me to my room, since I bought you somthing that 
expensive." Hiroshi said getting up.

	Kanji sighed and followed him into a room, it had a bed, and a 
bedside table. Oppisite of the bed was a holo tv. And the bathroom at 
the far wall. Kanji lingered over and sat on the bed.Hiroshi sat next to 
him.

	"So whats up?" Kanji asked hesintently.

	"Nothing, I just, like you... You make me want to pursuit my 
dream." Hiroshi said.

	"Well what is your dream?" Kanji asked again.

	"I wan't to write, write poems, and stories. And you kindof give 
me the feeling I need to do that." Hiroshi explained, he took a book 
from his bedside table and gave it to Kanji. "Just read one."

	Kanji opened the book to a poem. He read it to himself, thinking 
about it as he read.

I open my eyes to the gloom outside
Only to be greeted by rain
I feel nothing anymore, no pain has come

But when I look in the distance
I see your face
And it makes me think of the way I live.
-Hiroshi

	Kanji was silent for afew minuetes. "It's very nice."

	Hiroshi leaned over to kiss Kanji. Kanji jumped off the bed and 
looked at the clock, he smiled and said, "Sorry Hiroshi, I have to go." 
Kanji slammed the door behind him, the wig he was wearing fell off, 
infront of the galaxy police.

	"Its Kanji!" A girl one with red hair said to Kiyone.

	Kanji grabbed Kiyone and told her to humor his plan. "Stand back 
or she gets it!" Kanji lit his staff and held it to his neck. He pileted 
Kiyone to the ship.When they got on Kanji got on the speaker-phone. " Do 
not attempt to blast the ship, I have a scientest, the two royal 
pricesses of Jurai, one earthling, and two Galaxy police officers in my 
control, If you attempt to follow I will blow myself up with my 
hostages."

	While Kanji talked, Kiyone pioleted the ship towards Jurai. In 
massive speed they started on the second half of their quest.

*	*	*


	Ryoko and Nagi ran for their existance, weaving in and out of the 
summer trees of Jurai. A blast cascaded by Ryoko's ear. She veared into 
a thick patch of trees. It was Damian and his robots once more, that 
fool had been chasing her forever. He was alot stronger than her. But 
for some strange reason did not have powers. 

	The shadows grew darker, and the sound of pursuit had ended. Ryoko 
was suddenly stopped when Nashashi jumped from the treetops, inches 
infront of Ryoko. Nagi stood back to back with Ryoko, her blue hair 
dusty from their outing. Kinohki and Ryo-ohki guarded their masters with 
loud hisses. Damien appeared behind Ryoko, he was facing Nagi. The 
robots came from the side of the clearing. The robots were old models. 
Scientific helpers by the thin and slender copper look of the body, in 
the middle of there cylindrical face was a motion sensor. Their hands 
were replaced by blasters.

	"Your outnumbered Ryoko." Nashashi said motioning to around him.

	"Yes, even if you did escape the dimension would catch you." 
Damien said holding his gun up. All the robots became gravel, and fell 
onto the soft rotting leaves.

	A hooded figure entered the clearing, Damien and Nasahsi accepted 
it. The figure held up one hand, in an instant Ryoko was binded. A blue 
light surounded everyone.

	Ryoko fell onto the diomand platform, Nagi landed beside her. The 
platform had no feeling to Ryoko, it was like landing in a bad painting.

	"What should we do with the spare?" Damien's voice asked.

	"We will kill her with Ryoko. We need the best wright? Why not the 
best bounty hunter with the best criminal." A new genderles voice 
cackled.

	"A sacrifice of good and evil." Came Nashashi's hollow words.

*	*	*

	Kanji exited his room with his regular cloths on. He felt strangly 
awkward to be out of the diguise. Like he had just missed out on 
somthing. When Kanji got into the living room he found that everyone had 
congregated there. To his disknowledge they were having a meeting on 
their next move. No one noticed Kanji sit outside of the meeting.

	"So Kiyone set a course for the spot. Then me and Mihoshi will get 
supplies at that meatball store." Washu said indicating a blank area on 
the map.

	"Miss me?" Kanji asked.

	"Miss you! We almost got killed becaus of your clumsiness! Your as 
bad as Mihoshi!" Kiyone yelled throwing her hands up into the air.

	"Come on! I did get you out of that mess." Kanji said pointing out 
his tactics.

	"Yes but now the galaxy police will be watching for me and you!" 
Kiyone said.

	"Ok so we lay low... We're only going to be in Jurai airspace for 
awhile." Kanji said looking at the map.

	"Kanji, Jurai is six days away from here." Washu stated.

	Kanji sweatdropped, he hadn't thought of the distance. "Ok... So 
is there a place we can hide?"

	"They'll find us sooner or later, but we are going to hide at an 
old checkpoint." Ayeka said mildly.

	Kiyone left the room, as did Mihoshi and Washu. Kanji wen't over 
to sit by Sasami. Tenchi looked at the two of them and smiled.

	"You two going out yet?" Tenchi asked sarcasticly, but was caught 
at his own game when Ayeka cuddled against Tenchi.

	"Oh Tenchi, lets go to my room..." Ayeka said closing her eyes.

	"Uh... Sorry Ayeka. I've gotta, train in Washu's lab... See you." 
He left in a hurry.

	Ayeka left anyway. Leaving Sasami and Kanji alone. Sasami hadn't 
slep in days, she was busy worrying about Kanji. Now that he was back in 
her arms she could rest. Sasami yawned and nestled her head into Kanji's 
shoulder.

	"Your warm." Sasami drifted to sleep.

	Kanji ran his free hand throug her turqoise hair; He then fell 
asleep himself. 	

*	*	*

	Ryoko and Nagi were dragged behind Nashashi, with an energy rope. 
Even though the leaves were soft with age, Ryoko and Nagi gained bruises 
and cuts from the rocks and gravel under the leaves. They had been 
travelling for two hours, to an unknown place on Jurai.

*	*	*

	Kanji awoke in his room, the door was open, and his boots were 
taken off. Kanji slipped his feet into the soft faded brown boots, with 
no heels. They were for hiking. Kanji shook his head to throw some sleep 
away, and he walked out the door closing it behind him. The ship wasn't 
moving nor were any doors closed. Everyone had gone off the ship.

	Kanji emerged outside to see everyone eating lunch, on the green 
grass. The scenery around was an old court yard with two statues at each 
end. It seemed forgotten because moss grew on the statues, and the place 
was in ruins.

	"Hey Kanji, want lunch?" Sasami asked holding up some soup.

	"No thanks, I'm not hungry." Kanji explained. "Besides I've got to 
train." Kanji stepped onto the cobblestone courtyard and lit his staff. 
After a series of blocks and slashes Kanji threw up six bricks. As they 
came down Kanji slammed each one with his weapon of energy, making them 
form into dust. They fell to the ground and started vibrating. "What?"

	Everyone stood up, Kanji turned around to see an army of Galaxy 
police ships, and the Jurain sattilite.

	"Kanji, and Jinohki. You are caught on the old Jurain checkpoint. 
Disiignite your weapon and aim your hands at the ground, or we will 
destroy you on spot!" One of the ships demanded.

	Kanji did as told. He was caught. He turned to Washu and 
whispered. "Find my mother on all costs... " Kanji was transported to 
the satilite into a cell with a green forcefield. Jinohki was in a cell 
that he could not transform in. 

	Kanji saw a well dressed man with a black beard and mustache that 
traveled up to his hair. He wore blue and yellow robes that were Jurain 
material, and he had a focussed, grey stare. A normal man would see him 
as a saint, a crminal would see him as a demon.

	"I am Chief Grinnan of the Royal Jurain Army. You have been caught 
and will be executed on Jurai. As we speak the ship is being automaticly 
pioleted to Jurai air space. So all attempts of escape are futile." 
Grinnan said smirking behind his black hair.

	"Well, fine. But I have one last request, when I die free my 
mother from conviction. Her name is... Ryoko." Kanji asked. "Oh and 
change your job  you should be a magician."

	Grinnan stared, "Fine, Ryoko is no longer a criminal. As for the 
job change, I might consider." Grinnan turned and marched away.

	"AND SHAVE YOUR BEARD THAT LOOK WAS OUT A LONG TIME AGO!" Kanji 
yelled after him. The last Kanji saw of Grinnan he was rubbing his 
beard.

*	*	*

	Ryoko and Nagi were tied atop a post. It was placed on a hill of 
dead trees and leaves, dead people's skulls lay around the alter. A few 
feet away from it a curved bone knife, on a stone platform. It had the 
names Ryoko and Nagi carved into it in Jurain writing. Nashashi stood at 
the platform looking at the Knife. Damien gaurded the perimeter marching 
around the clearing. Ryo-ohki, and Kenohki were tied together by gnaw 
proof rope.

	"If we get out of this, the dork with the gun goes first!" Ryoko 
yelled. "I'll rip out his heart and feed it to Ryo-ohki! And then Nagi 
over here will cut the geek who copied her weapons head and pour ten 
pounds of salt into the wound!"

	Nagi smirked but didn't say anything. Damien and Nashashi did the 
same. Ryoko struggled again only to be burned by the energy rope. She 
hated the cloths they had put on her, they were made from cabbit fur, 
and the blood of Jurai made the mark of death on the stomach. Nagi wore 
the same.

*	*	*

	Kanji sat in his cell dispersing one plan after the other, He 
needed Jinohki for each one. But the small cabbit was in her own 
containment cell that would blow up if she transformed. Luckily it was 
portible and in Kanji's cell so he could work on breaking the code bar. 

	"So Jinohki is there anything useful in there?" Kanji asked.

	'Theres two numbers, 84' Jinohki said in the back of Kanji's mind.

	Kanji typed in those numbers, then the numbers on his cell. The 
forcefield on Jinohki's cell fizzled and died. Jinohki jumped out of it 
and licked Kanji. All the plans Kanji had thought up would work now. But 
he was interupted when the door forcefield suddenly stopped, Washu and 
Tenchi came in. Tenchi's sword was lit.

	"Cleaned out the whole satilite whith a Grnuenian beast" Washu 
said rubbing her hands together.

	"And boy was it ugly!" Kiyone's voice said.

	"So now what Washu?" Mihoshi said coming in.

	"I say we ride this satilite to Jurai, Miss Washu it seems to be 
going there already."
 Ayeka said coming in also.

	"It is." Kanji said letting Jinohki climb up his shoulder.

	"Well then thats what we do..." Tenchi said.

	They left the cell and went into the main room to prepare for 
Jurai airspace, It was going to be heavily guarded.

	Another man came out of one of his cells and confronted the group. 
"Thank you for saving me! I am Asteron, covicted murderer of Jurai. But 
I won't murder you, you saved my life. So I'll help you, I know all that 
your doing." Asteron was a muscular man with brown and black robes. A 
scar on his right eye indcated past fights. His hair blue and eyes grey.

	"Welcome Asteron..." Sasami said.


To Be Continued
By the all knowing master of time space and diminsion: Chibi Kanji


Now for your faviorite after episode show, by high demand of the 
association of high demand. 
Kanji's Corner
Todays Episode:
Record Breaking (This story is almost true. My true friend Truth, truely 
tried to break this record... Truely I'm telling the truth)

Kanji: Since the dawn of man! Every person has tried to break a record! 
Now it is my turn in the spotlight! (Stagehand wheels a giant soda 
bottle titled MR FIZZY out. A long straw comes out of top of soda and 
reaches Kanji's mouth.)
Everyone: Oooh! Awww!
Kanji: I will drink 100,000,000 liters of soda. That is more than Mr. 
Fizzy can produce in one day. I will drink it all in one sitting. One 
suck, one breath...
Kid: YOU CAN'T DO THAT! HIPPE!
Kanji: (Mummbles and blasts kid with energy.)
Everyone: (Gasps and whispers among selves about the task ahead. No one 
seemed to like the kid.)
Kanji: Here goes! Now if I die you get your money back... (Kanji puts 
straw in mouth and starts sipping.)
Audiance: (Reads books, and chitchats, and sleeps whilst Kanji drinks.)
Kanji: (Gets three quarters through bottle and still drinking.)
Audiance: CHUG IT! CHUG IT! CHUG IT! HIPPE!
Kanji: (Drinks the rest and pushes straw away.) TA... Wait a minuet... 
(Draws deep breath) 
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Audience: (Is blown out of building to next continant. Which is Africa.)
Little Girl: Does this mean we have to learn a new language.
Kanji: Scuse me... (Looks around at empty building.) Well forget telling 
your friends...
Audience: (Talks to Africans about Kanji.)
African Newspaper Editor: STOP THE PRESSES! Run a story about the man 
who drank too much soda!

Next Time: Kanji will try to get rid of his gas...

Hey you! Yeah you! E-mail me at Kanji_D@hotmail.com OR ELSE!!!
