Disclaimer:

I do not own any of these characters. They belong to the very creative people at 
AIC/ Pioneer. I don't make any money off of this so don't sue me. ^_^ 

Notes: Hi! Welcome to the forth chapter of Ryoko's Gems. I want to thank 
everyone who sent me his or her comments and suggestions. It has encouraged me 
to keep on writing this story. Thanks! ^_^ 

Send your comments to jennyb4@hotmail.com

Well, on with it... 

********************************************************************************

RYOKO'S GEMS: CHAPTER FOUR

Ryoko secretly watched Gyhard walk to his ship. Ryoko thought that Gyhard would 
come in the house after she hit him but he did not. Ryoko gratefully saw Gyhard 
disappear into the ship. She did not know what she would have done if Gyhard 
decided to attack her. She took a big gulp of the sake. The pain throbbing at 
her side dulled instantly. Ryoko paced around the room with the bottle of sake 
in her hand. 

>That man is dangerous. I need to get rid of him,< she urgently thought. >I 
can't use any of my usual methods. How do I get rid of him?< Ryoko did not know. 
>Whom could I ask for help?< A name formed in her head. She surprised herself by 
thinking of him. >Would he help me?< she wondered. >He always has a solution for 
everything.<

Ryoko decided to go to him. She went out the back door to avoid Gyhard. >I doubt 
that he has gotten over his bruised jaw.< With a quick glance at Gyhard's 
spaceship to make sure he was not following her, she headed up to the shrine. 

>What an irony of fate,< she thought, >I am going to the man that imprisoned me 
and took my gems for help.< 

Yosho and Ryoko had both drastically changed since their battle long ago. Ryoko 
could hardly believe the man she fought and tried to kill became the grandfather 
of Tenchi. Ryoko owed a lot to Yosho though she would never admit it. Yosho had 
freed her from Kagato's control and had given her Tenchi. 

Tenchi unknowingly taught her about unconditional love and respect. From the 
first day she saw Tenchi, Ryoko knew that he had seen her, too. He had laughed 
and giggled at her presence at the front of the cave. He kept coming to her 
after that first day. Tenchi had asked her many questions and played with her. 
He came to her when his mother died. That day Ryoko knew she never wanted to see 
that pain from him again. Ryoko also looked into herself that day and realized 
that she had caused many people that same grief Tenchi felt. Tenchi taught and 
changed her so much that it was hard for her to believe that she was ever the 
monster that destroyed the Juraian army. She had the memories of her past that 
would never go away. Her punishment for not being strong enough to break free of 
Kagato's control.  Gyhard brought back her past. She hated it. 

Ryoko had lost herself in thought. The throbbing pain of her feet brought her 
back. She noticed the shrine in the distance. Ryoko did not realize how long it 
took to walk to the shrine. She wondered amazingly how Tenchi could get to the 
shrine so fast.

She saw the wooden structure more clearly as she approached. Yosho stood outside 
admiring the rising sun. >Does that man ever sleep?< she wondered.

Before Ryoko could make her presence known Yosho spoke.

"What has brought you up here so early?"

Yosho did not seem to be the least bit surprised to see Ryoko. 

"What has got you up so early?" Ryoko asked him back.

"The morning sun," he spoke with wisely. His tone became more serious. "You 
still have not answered my question."

Ryoko could have told him anything; from the ache in her chest, the disturbing 
encounter with that man, Gyhard, the turmoil of her thoughts, the dreams the 
prevented her from sleep, but she did not. 

"The sun," Ryoko softly said. She stood by Yosho and watched the sun rise over 
the hills. She felt at peace. >No wonder Yosho is up so early,< Ryoko thought at 
the breath-taking sight. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Gyhard watched the sun rise from the confines of his star cruiser. His jaw still 
ached from Ryoko's fist. >I wonder what happened to her powers?< He pondered 
over the thought but could not arrive at an answer. 

"You should be thankful that abducting Washu will be easy," D3 said. His 
translucent body materialized in front of Gyhard. Gyhard was startled by the 
sudden appearance of D3. He quickly composed himself. 

"There is no challenge in it. I do hope that boy, Tenchi, will put up a good 
fight," Gyhard replied to D3 casually. 
 
>He doesn't know what he is asking,< D3 thought. D3 glanced over the confident 
phasod of Gyhard. >His haughtiness is going to get him killed. You have been 
through many battles, Gyhard, and killed many, but a battle with the gods is a 
battle no mortal can win.< 

"I don't think it will come to that," D3 told Gyhard. 

Gyhard's head jerked up. "Are you relieving me of my mission?" Gyhard said 
harshly. 

D3's facial mussels did not move, but underneath he was becoming unglued. He 
hated dealing with these mortals. They were only concerned with their own little 
world and never looked beyond it. He learned long ago to control his emotions, 
but it was taking all his discipline to control his rising temper. 

"No," D3 said solemnly, "You are to hold off the abduction of Washu until the 
Jurai ships have come."

"What?!" Gyhard rouse half way out of his chair. The Galaxy Police wanted him 
for countless charges. The Juraian soldiers would surly recognize and arrest 
him. 

>So the fearless pirate is nothing more than a scared rabbit,< D3 thought in 
amusement. 

"If you keep yourself out of sight while the Juraian guards are here, you should 
not be caught."

"Why is Jurai coming here?" Gyhard demanded. He hated these Gods. They assumed 
to know everything and did not care if they destroyed a person's life.

"It is none of your concern," D3 replied, "They are not coming for you if that 
is what you fear. The Juraian guards will be here to take Sasami, Aeka and 
Tenchi back to Jurai."

Gyhard looked a little disappointed. 

"Fine," Gyhard said.

D3 did not like the tone of dismissal that Gyhard gave in his voice. D3 glared 
down at the pirate. "You will take Washu after the Jurai ships have left this 
solar system," D3 told him. 

"You are making this too easy," Gyhard replied after a few moments.

D3 ignored Gyhard's remark. "You will be rewarded as soon as Washu is brought to 
Tokimi."

Gyhard nodded at D3 statement. D3 did not bother to wait for the response before 
he left. Gyhard was alone again in his ship. Gyhard rage bubbled over. His hands 
curled up in knotted fists. After Ryoko's fist in his face and D3 basically 
telling him he was not fit to kidnap Washu, Gyhard had almost lost all of his 
trained composure.

"This was suppose to be a challenge of skill and wits. This whole mission is 
turning into a babysitting job," Gyhard grumbled. "One condolence to this is 
that I will have a chance to bring back the head of the legendary demon."

>Yes that will surly brings me fame. The powers that Tokimi will bestow on me 
will make me the most feared person in the galaxy,< His mood brightened. 

The sun was already over the hills. >My hosts must be up by now,< Gyhard thought 
as he left his ship and headed to the Misaki house. >I need to get my ship 
fixed.< 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi awoke from the sun filtering through his shades. For a few breathless 
moments all recollection of the other day was gone. Then the dreadful memories 
of the last day appeared back in his head with each passing minute. Tenchi did 
not want to believe it. He wished to himself that he had experienced a horrible 
dream. He waited for many minutes for Ryoko to rise through the floor or the 
wall and give her devilish smile, as her hands and eyes tormented him with her 
devilish thoughts. She did don't appear. The past day became more real to him. 
Ryoko was not going to come to him. 

He reluctantly arose from his bed. He pulled open the shades of the balcony door 
and walked out onto his balcony. The cool morning breeze sent a shiver down his 
back. The water rippled to the pattern of the wind. The sun made the lake 
sparkle. He gazed over the beautiful scenery of his home. His eyes landed the 
black and gray ship of Gyhard. He had forgotten about the unexpected guest. His 
feeling about Gyhard had not gone away. He did not like the man. 

Tenchi walked back into his room. He went over to his bed and sat down. 

>How could so much have gone wrong in one day?< he wondered. His back hunched 
over and he lowered his head in thought. He rested his elbows on his knees. He 
tried to think of something other than the happenings of the other day but 
nothing came to his mind. His mind drifted off into thought.

He felt her. Her arms wrapping around him. Cueing him to come with her. Her soft 
voice leading him out of the horrible day. He abruptly turned around but her 
golden eyes were not there. He saw only the effulgent sun. The warmth and soft 
words he had felt were only a figment of a desired illusion.

"Ryoko," Tenchi said sadly. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

After Tenchi got dresses he left his room. He almost stumbled into Aeka. 

"Good morning Aeka," Tenchi said.

"Good morning, Tenchi," Aeka replied. She kept her head bowed as she spoke. 
"Have you seen Ryoko this morning?" Aeka sounded very tired.

"No," Tenchi told her. 

Tenchi doubted that she slept at all last night. 

>She must have been very worried about Ryoko,< Tenchi thought. 

"Did you get any sleep last night?" Tenchi asked trying to keep his voice down. 
He could hear Mihoshi still sleeping in the other room.

Aeka looked up at Tenchi and gave him a weak smile. 

"No. I think I kept Sasami up all night with my tossing and turning. She is 
still asleep." Tenchi could see the black marks under Aeka's eyes. 

"Have you seen Ryoko yet?" Tenchi asked.

Aeka shook her head. "I don't think she would want to see me."

"I am going to see her. Please come with me Aeka," Tenchi said encouragingly, "I 
think Ryoko would like having you there."

>I really doubt Ryoko would like me anywhere near her.< Aeka thought. >If she 
woke up and saw me with Tenchi...< Aeka did not want to complete the thought. 
Ryoko would probably recover in record time and try to kill Aeka. Tenchi sounded 
so reassuring that Aeka disregarded her thoughts and agreed to go with him. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

They both descended the stairs together. They walked to the closet door that led 
to Washu's lab. The door opened and Washu came out. 

"Good morning you two," Washu said cheerfully as she stretched her hands over 
her head.

"Good morning Washu," both Tenchi and Aeka replied.

"We came to see Ryoko," Tenchi said, "Is she doing any better?"

Washu gave him a puzzled look. 

"Ryoko?" Washu asked baffled. 

"Yes. Is she doing better?" Tenchi said bewildered by Washu reaction.

"Ryoko isn't here." Washu sounded apprehensive.  

"What is it Washu?" Tenchi said more seriously. He did not notice his voice 
rising. He felt his stomach turn. 

>There is something wrong<

"Washu, where is Ryoko?" Aeka interjected.

Washu looked from Tenchi to Aeka. Washu's face held a mystified expression of 
worry.

>Where is Ryoko?< Washu thought. 

"I don't know," Washu confessed. 

>Ryoko must be all right or I would have had some alarm come on in the lab,< 
Even that did not reassure Washu. Without her connection she could not tell if 
Ryoko was all right or in pain. 

"What do you mean 'you don't know'!" Tenchi became very concerned. He did not 
like Gyhard, and with Ryoko's temper there was no telling what could happen 
between them. He just hoped Ryoko had not met Gyhard yet.

"Washu, is Ryoko okay?" Aeka asked with the same concern Tenchi showed but not 
in such a loud voice.

"When she stormed out of my lab she seemed to be fine except for a little pain."

"Washu..." Tenchi became exasperated with her, but did not have a chance to 
interject before Washu spoke. 

"Ryoko regained consciousness last night. Ryoko and I spoke a little then she 
left. I thought she would stay in the house, but apparently she didn't," Washu 
said frowning, as she scanned the empty family room.

Tenchi did not like what Washu told him. Ryoko was wondering around somewhere 
injured. He did not know where.  

"Washu why did you let Ryoko leave?" Aeka asked. 

>Even when she is injured Ryoko causes trouble,< Aeka thought exasperated.

Washu shrugged her shoulders. "Ryoko can take care of herself."

"Ryoko is hurt Washu! She should not be wandering around when she is wounded." 
Tenchi had become upset with Washu's non-concern for Ryoko's safety. 

"There is nothing around here that could get her any more injured than she is." 
Washu thought a little more. "There is one thing though..." She let her voice 
trail for suspense.

"What?" Tenchi and Aeka said.

Washu became serious. "Aeka."

"What?!" Aeka said in shock. 

Tenchi did not responded. He knew Washu was right. 

>If Ryoko set off Aeka's temper again, which she will most likely do, Ryoko 
could be killed,< Tenchi thought. 

"Ryoko is unable to defend herself against your powers," Washu explained, "You 
can end up killing her if you two got into another fight." Washu hoped that Aeka 
would listen to her. Aeka had Ryoko's life in her hands. Washu would not blame 
Aeka if she killed Ryoko. Ryoko had done many things in her life that deserved 
punishment. 

>I am Ryoko's mother first and a rational thinking scientist second. I would 
take revenge on you Aeka,< Washu thought >I hope that it never comes to that.<

Aeka could not speak. 

>Do both of them think I would kill Ryoko?< Aeka glanced at Washu's and Tenchi's 
face in shock. 

"Washu is right, Aeka," Tenchi spoke softly, but his tone was definitely 
serious, "You could easily kill Ryoko."

"I can't believe you two could think I would do such a thing!" 

Tenchi and Washu seemed to be troubled that she would hurt Ryoko. 

>I guess they do have cause to worry,< Aeka thought, >Ryoko and I actually never 
got along.<

"I will not fight with Ryoko," Aeka told both of them solemnly, "I promise."

"I hope you're right Aeka," Washu said.

"I never break my word," Aeka replied.

"I am going to look for Ryoko," Tenchi informed them. 

>Aeka might not be a threat to Ryoko but Gyhard is another problem.< He had to 
find Ryoko and explain the guest's presence. 

"I will go with you Tenchi," Aeka said.

"Washu?" Tenchi asked.

"No," Washu said, "Ryoko will come back when she is ready."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi did not say anything more as he left the house with Aeka following 
behind. It made him angry that Washu could be so uncaring. He feared what he 
might have said to her if he had opened his mouth.

Washu saw the empty kitchen from where she stood. 

"Looks like I am going to cook breakfast."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi walked toward Gyhard's ship. Its owner was strolling in their direction. 

"Good morning Princess," Gyhard said, "Tenchi." 

"Good morning." Tenchi replied evenly.

"Have you seen Ryoko?" Aeka asked, "We are looking for her."

"No." Gyhard gave Aeka a bewilder look. 

>What is going on?< Gyhard thought, >Could she have been so frightened that I 
would hurt her that she ran off and hid?< It was hard for Gyhard to believe that 
the fierce fighting spirit Ryoko could do that. 

"Do you want me to help you look for her?"

Before Tenchi could object Aeka spoke.

"Yes, that would be very helpful."

Tenchi stifled a groan. The three of them started to search for Ryoko.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sasami awoke to a room full of sunlight. She felt exhausted. 

"I slept in," Sasami said to herself in amazement.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sasami came down the stairs to the sound of dishes clattering together. Sasami 
walked into the kitchen to see Washu busily at work. Mihoshi sat at the table 
hungrily eating her breakfast. Ryo-Ohki sat besides Mihoshi happily eating her 
carrots.

"Washu, I can take over now," Sasami said.

Washu turned and looked at the young princess. 

"It is almost done. Why don't you take a seat."

"Is Ryoko doing any better?" Sasami asked, as she dug into her breakfast.

"Yes."

"Aeka did not mean to hurt Ryoko." Sasami tried to defend her sister.

"I know Sasami. You don't needed to explain." Washu studied the young princes 
from across the table. There was something wrong with her, but Washu could not 
figure out what it was. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The three of them strolled down the path to the shrine. Aeka and Gyhard where 
carrying on a pleasant conversation which Tenchi decided not to participate in. 
They had looked everywhere and still Ryoko had not appeared. Tenchi skeptically 
believed that Ryoko would be at the shrine. 

>She only comes up here when I am there,< Tenchi deducted. Aeka was persistent 
that Ryoko must have gone to the shrine because they looked everywhere else. 
Even if Ryoko did not turn up at the shrine Yosho might have an idea where she 
went. >Grandpa always has an answer for everything,< Tenchi believed. >Even if 
most of the time it seems to be in riddle.<

They approached the shrine. It looked deserted. 

"Are you sure your grandfather is here?" Gyhard asked Tenchi.

"Yes," Tenchi replied with annoyance, "You two stay here."

Aeka nodded her head in understanding. Gyhard looked harshly at Tenchi. 

>I would love to kill that boy,< Gyhard thought. Gyhard watched Tenchi disappear 
into the shrine. His patience wore thin as they searched for Ryoko. He thought 
it would be amusing to see Ryoko at her lowest point, but now it seemed not 
worth it. He hated being nice to Aeka, as her endless chatter drove him insane. 
He blamed Ryoko for all of this. >I am really going to enjoy killing her,< 
Gyhard thought in reassurance to his sanity.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tenchi walked into the shrine. What he saw before him shocked him. Ryoko and his 
grandfather sat at a small table sipping tea. They looked like they were not 
talking but just enjoying each other's presence. It took a moment for the shock 
to ware off from Tenchi. His grandfather looked up and acknowledged his 
presence, but did not say anything, and returned to sipping his tea. Ryoko's 
golden eyes followed Yosho's gaze and fell onto Tenchi. She practically leaped 
out of her potion and into his arms. Tenchi saw the pain in her face as she came 
into his arms. He did not push Ryoko out of their embrace. He held her not 
wanting to let go. He had almost lost her. She seemed fine, though the pains 
from her injuries were apparent. Tenchi looked over Ryoko's shoulder. Yosho 
stared up at the two of them. 

Before Tenchi had a chance to let go of Ryoko, Ryoko stepped out of their 
embrace. Ryoko's eyes narrowed at the sight in front of her. Aeka stood in the 
doorway of the shrine with obvious dislike for the scene she had just witnessed. 
Tenchi turned around to see what caused Ryoko to let go. He did not like the 
situation presented before him either. 

"So that is why you wanted to go into the shrine alone," Aeka accused Tenchi.

"No," he replied.

"If you love Ryoko then just tell me and I will leave." Aeka's voice cracked on 
the last sentence.

Tenchi was torn between these two women and he did not want to hurt either of 
them.

"That is not it," Tenchi said trying to resolve the situation, "I did not what 
to disturb Grandpa if she was not here."

"Well you're too late for that Tenchi," Yosho said, standing up.

Tenchi gave him a look of 'your not helping.'

"Tenchi I just want you to tell me," Aeka begged.

"You just saw before your own eyes whom Tenchi loves. Go back to Jurai, little 
princess," Ryoko said.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi said in shock.

"Is that true Tenchi?" Aeka quietly asked. 

"No." This was going to end up in a fight if he did not resolve it soon. He 
prayed that Ryoko would not open her mouth.

Gyhard watched from the distance the amusing situation. 

>So she is in love with him. It is a shame I won't be able to kill him.<

Tenchi tried to fixe the situation but the more he tried, the madder Ryoko and 
Aeka got. 

>Maybe I should help him out,< Gyhard thought

Ryoko stopped short her retort to Aeka, when she saw Gyhard appear.

"If you can't decide which lover to keep, I would not mind taking the HELL CAT 
off your hands," he told Tenchi referring to Ryoko.

During Ryoko's conversation with Yosho he had helped her decide to get Washu to 
fix Gyhard's ship as soon as possible, and stay out of Gyhard's way. Ryoko did 
not like hiding but she really had no other choice without her powers. But all 
that rational thinking went right out the door as soon as Gyhard spoke. 

"This is none of your concern," Tenchi angrily informed Gyhard. Tenchi grabbed 
Ryoko's arm before she got into striking distance of Gyhard.

Ryoko's head jerked around and gave Tenchi a harsh look for stopping her. 

"Stay out of this," Ryoko said to Gyhard through her teeth. 

"I thought I would just help sense; it is obvious to me whom Tenchi will end up 
with. Aeka," Gyhard announced to the angry Ryoko, "Who would give up the 
opportunity of ruling Jurai. Since he does not what to hurt you KITTEN, I 
thought I would save him the torment. You don't seem to take rejection easily."

Tenchi had to tighten his grip on Ryoko's arm. 

Gyhard relished in the sight of Ryoko's eyes turning to molten lava. 

>She must have been amazingly beautiful when she killed,< Gyhard thought in 
longing to see Ryoko with her powers. >It is no wonder she became a legend.< He 
looked onto the demon in amazement of her fiery fighting spirit. >What ways are 
you thinking to kill me right now?<

"This is non of your business," Tenchi told Gyhard, indicating him to shut up. 

"I apologize," he replied innocently, "I thought I could help. She is a very 
vigorous woman Tenchi. I am surprised that she has kept her attention on you for 
so long." He smiled sweetly at Ryoko. 


If she were just a little bit closer she could spit on that smug face.

 "I wouldn't be surprised if she made this whole charade up to get you closer to 
her."

Aeka was going to interject into the conversation, but what Gyhard said made her 
look at Ryoko again. Ryoko seemed not be in pain. She struggled against Tenchi's 
grip so she could attack Gyhard. She looked and acted just like all the other 
times, Ryoko and her got into fights. 

>Ryoko has tricked me again,< Aeka thought. All her past anger for Ryoko came to 
the surface. >No wonder Washu was not concerned when Ryoko had disappeared from 
the house.< 

"Ryoko, I demand that you get away from Tenchi now," Aeka yelled.

Ryoko barely heard Aeka's command. Ryoko's attention focussed on killing Gyhard. 
She wished to the heavens that she had her electrical sword. Ryoko disregarded 
Aeka. She could not do anything to comply with her demand anyway. Tenchi had her 
arm in a death grip. It surprised Ryoko that Tenchi had become so strong.

"HEY GUYS!! HEY GUYS!" 

Everyone turned to see Mihoshi bounding up the steps of the shrine.

Gyhard had his back turned to Ryoko. >I could so easily hurt him if Tenchi would 
just let me go,< Ryoko thought. She would never forgive Gyhard until he lay dead 
at her feet. 

Mihoshi joined them. She did not notice the tension that loomed in the air.

"I have been looking everywhere for you guys," Mihoshi said breathlessly, 
"Sasami has fixed lunch. She wants everyone back before it gets cold." She 
stopped and thought a moment."It was about an hour ago. Do you think it will 
still be warm? I hope it is not ruined," Mihoshi fretted, "It smelled so good 
while Sasami was cooking it."

"Can she really be that dense?" Aeka softly asked.

Ryoko nodded her head.

"MIYA!" Ryo-Ohki appeared behind Mihoshi and hopped over to Ryoko. 

Ryo-Ohki happily purred at Ryoko's feet. 

Tenchi released Ryoko's arm. The creature that Ryoko picked up unnerved Gyhard. 
He had never seen anything like it.

Ryoko stroked the soft fur of the cabbit. Ryo-Ohki sensed that something 
bothered Ryoko. Ryo-Ohki had a suspicion that it was the new arrival. 

The conversation went silent between them. Mihoshi looked around at everyone, 
baffled.

"Come on, I am SO hungry," Mihoshi wailed.

"I agree with Mihoshi. I forgot to eat breakfast in search for this cat." Gyhard 
nodded to Ryoko. "I am not going to miss lunch, too."

Tenchi gave her a look that prevented her from attacking Gyhard. Tenchi looked 
like he had aged five years. He had obvious dislike for Gyhard. She had only 
seen Tenchi like that one time before ,and that was when he killed Kagato.

"What cat?" Mihoshi said in bewilderment, as she chased after Gyhard who already 
left the confines of the shrine.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"We have reached Earth's atmosphere sir," one of the crewmen spoke. 

"Hale, Hiro's ship," Ayami, the captain, ordered.

Hiro appeared on the view screen.

"Have your ship stay orbit while we fetch the royals." A few of the crewmembers 
let out a groan.

Ayami ignored it.

"Take the ship down."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The skies above the Masaki house had turned pink and orange with the descending 
sun. Gyhard went to his ship to help Washu fix the damage Mihoshi had caused. 
After lunch Mihoshi had decided to help Washu with Gyhard's ship, but almost 
caused the whole thing to explode. Washu had ordered Mihoshi to stay far away 
from the ship. Washu had also put up protective guards up around the ship 
against Mihoshi. 

Tenchi and Ryoko were both relieved that Gyhard had taken refuge in his ship. 
Tenchi had retired to his room after dinner. Ryoko had settled herself on the 
couch watching TV.

Aeka sat on another chair as far away from Ryoko as she could. They had not 
spoken to each other since that afternoon. Sasami knew to keep quiet, because 
the tension between Ryoko and Aeka was high. Mihoshi on the other hand seemed 
not to notice at all. Mihoshi rambled on through the show and the commercials. 
The only time Aeka and Ryoko spoke was to yell at Mihoshi to be quiet. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The sound of the ship coming down from the sky caused them to loose interest in 
the program. Tenchi came down the stairs when he heard the noise. 

"What is it?" Aeka asked.

Ryoko did not bother deducting the situation, but went outside to find out for 
herself. Tenchi quickly followed after her.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Gyhard had heard the sound of the ship. 

>Jurai is here,< 

Washu poked her head out of the terminal she was working in. 

"What is going on?" she asked.

Gyhard shrugged his shoulders. Washu ignored it and continued her work. If they 
needed her, they would come and get her.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"It is a Juraian battle ship," Aeka said, as she got a better look on the 
descending ship. 

"What are they doing here?" Sasami asked her sister.

"I don't know Sasami."

"Maybe your daddy has come to take you back to Jurai," Ryoko joked.

Aeka glared at Ryoko.

"He knows I am going to stay here," Aeka said, "The only reason they would be 
here if..." 

>It could not be true,< Aeka thought horrified by the possibility.

"What?" Sasami asked, "They are not going to take us back to Jurai?"

"We'll find out." Aeka reached down and squeezed her sister's hand.

"I don't want to go back," Sasami said.

"Shhh, Sasami."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Sir there is an unidentified spacecraft on the surface," one of the Juraian 
crewmen spoke.

"Is it one of Vree's?" Ayami asked.

"No. I am running it through the database."

The owner of the ship came up on the screen. 

"It is none of our concern," Ayami said as he looked at the old man who owned 
the ship. "He is just a shipping merchant."

"What is a shipping merchant doing here?" another crew member asked.

>I don't have time for this,< Ayami thought.

"Scan the area and find the life forms who live there," Ayami ordered. Ayami 
patiently waited for the results to come back. 

"Everyone is there and accounted for, sir."

"Now take the ship down." Ayami wanted to get out of Earth's atmosphere as soon 
as possible. Vree's ships were coming, and they would be here in a matter of 
hours.

The Juraian ship landed. Ayami's men quickly secured the ship and left to 
complete their mission. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lady Funaho looked up from her hiding place at the empty control deck. Azusa's 
men were so quick to leave, they had not notice that she slipped into the ship. 
She had something to discuss with Washu, and she knew her husband would have 
never approved it. He wanted none of his family at risk. Funaho knew she was 
going to get an earful of his lecturing when she returned. She made her way out 
of the ship to where she had seen Washu on the screen.

Lady Funaho made her way to the merchant's ship. She looked over the guards who 
were in a heated discussion with Aeka, Sasami and Tenchi. She went inside and 
heard the loud pounding of a hammer. She could hear Washu's voice muttering soft 
curses as she worked. Most had to do with young Galaxy Police Officer, Mihoshi.

"Washu." Lady Funaho spoke softly.

Washu jumped at her voice and hit her head. She looked up to see Lady Funaho. 
Washu did not seem the least bit surprised by her presence.

"What do you want?" Washu was harsh in her response. 

>What in hell is she doing here.< Washu thought. 

"I want you to explain yourself," Lady Funaho demanded, "You broke your 
promise."

Washu looked at her confused. 

>Promise?< Washu wondered, >What is she talking about?< 

"I don't know what you are talking about," Washu told her.

>How can she be so heartless,< Lady Funaho thought angrily. ->he is going to 
stand there and watch Jurai die.<

"You said you would not build any more of Ryo-Ohki or Ryoko."

"Yes I did," Washu said, "And I have not built any more."

"How do you explain this?"

Funaho produced a cube. An image hovered in the air above it. It looked like 
Ryo-Ohki, but the shaping was a little different. Washu was stunned by it. 

"What is this?"

"These are the ships that are attacking Jurai. Our ships take a long time to 
reproduce, but these take a matter of hours," Lady Funaho sounded tired and 
depressed, "Our army is slowly going to crumble under their persistent 
attacking."

"I did not create these."

"You are the only one with the knowledge," Lady Funaho started to get angry.

"I made Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki long ago. I am not surprised that the technology for 
them has finally been discovered." Washu sounded very cool and at ease as she 
spoke, but inside her mind was reeling in thought. 

>How did they get this? How? How?< Washu could not clearly remember how she had 
made Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki, but she could not believe that another person had found 
the technology. 

"What do you want from me?"

Washu had not lied to her. She had no reason too. Lady Funaho sighed. 

"Will you help us and produce more Ryo-Ohkis and Ryokos?" It was her last 
resort. 

Washu shook her head. "I will not."

"Please reconsider," Lady Funaho was on the verge of begging.

"And you will do what? Try to fight me? All your forces are protecting Jurai," 
Washu said, "I will not create another Ryoko or Ryo-Ohki, again." She left her 
voice stern and unwavering.

"You have just sentenced Jurai to death," Lady Funaho said quietly.

Washu shrugged her shoulders. Lady Funaho stared at Washu trying to contemplate 
the consequences of what Washu had refused to do. Lady Funaho had nothing 
further to say to Washu and turned to leave. 

"Good luck," Washu said when Lady Funaho reached to door.

Lady Funaho did not acknowledge her but kept on walking. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Tenchi is not going anywhere with Aeka!!" Ryoko was furious with the Juraian 
guards. How dare they take away her Tenchi and refuse to let her go with him. 

"It is not your choice. Our emperor has ordered it."

"He is not my emperor!" Ryoko screamed. "Tenchi is not going!!"

Tenchi listened to the whole conversation. The Juraian guards needed to take 
back the heirs to the throne, so Vree would not capture them. If they decided to 
stay here, Vree would probably capture them and demolish a good amount of Earth 
in the process. He did not say a thing. Ryoko did a good job expressing what he 
felt inside. He thought rationally, which Ryoko did not do at this moment. He 
understood the circumstances. Vree's battle ships would come for them and 
probably destroy Earth searching for them. Tenchi would not allow that to 
happen. He could not see people hurt because of him. 

"He has no choice, Ryoko," Aeka said shaking her head, "Tenchi must come for 
Jurai's sake."

"He has a choice; it is you or me," Ryoko yelled. She had not even realized she 
had spoken her thoughts out loud.  

Aeka looked stunned. The whole yelling match boiled down to this. Aeka had been 
thinking the same thing. Ryoko could see it in her eyes, as she gazed at Tenchi 
to answer. The silence that had come over everyone jolted him out of thought. 
Sasami looked at Tenchi. Her young face held so much worry, Tenchi thought she 
might break down in tears at any moment.  

"Tenchi you are not going with Aeka," Ryoko voice was so weak with fear of which 
he would choose, it hurt to speak. 
 
Aeka waited patiently for Tenchi to decide. Her hands had gone sweaty as she 
wrung them together. Akymi thought this totally stupid. Tenchi would come no 
matter what he decided. 

"I will come with you, Aeka," Tenchi said.

Aeka sighed in relief. 

Ryoko caught a scream of denial in the back of her throat. She had gone numb all 
over. 

"I will come back when it is safe," Tenchi reassured Ryoko. Ryoko shook her head 
in denial. Tenchi turned away from Ryoko's hurt and spoke to the Juraian guards 
that had come for them. "I have a item I need to get before we leave." 

Akymi nodded his head. "Aeka and Sasami, if you have anything, please retrieve 
it now and be quick about it. We can't delay on this planet much longer."

Tenchi turned and proceeded to walk to the house. Aeka and Sasami followed. 
Ryoko reached out and grabbed Tenchi by the arm. She had a weak hold on him but 
he stopped like he could not move unless she let go of him. Tenchi looked at 
Ryoko’s golden eyes filling with tears. He placed his hand over hers and slowly 
removed her hand from him. 

"I will be back as soon as it is safe for Earth." His words were so soft, only 
Ryoko could hear them. She shook her head. Tenchi left her and continued in the 
house. Aeka had watched the whole scene from the doorway. Tenchi had finally 
chosen but why did Aeka not feel relieved by his decision. Ryoko refused herself 
to cry in front of the Juraian soldiers. Her back straightened and she walked, 
with as much dignity she could manage before she broke down into tears, away 
from the Juraian soldiers and Tenchi. Ryo-Ohki followed her mistress in a sad 
silence.

When Tenchi had returned, Ryoko was nowhere to be seen. He gripped the package 
he had in his hand tighter. He felt the energy of Ryoko's gems filter through 
the wrappings he had put around his sword. As long as the gems radiated Ryoko's 
energy he knew she was safe. He did not understand why his heart felt like it 
was being ripped out of his chest, or why his head screamed for him to stay. 
Tenchi's logical thinking ended up triumphing over his emotions. He had to go. 
Aeka waited with Sasami by the Juraian soldiers ready to leave.

Tenchi saw his grandfather among the soldiers. 

>They are taking everyone with Juraian blood back,< Tenchi thought. 

Ryoko watched Tenchi walk to the Juraian ship with two guards flanking his 
sides. She made her way up to the roof of the house. It had taken her awhile 
because of the pain, but sitting here gave her the best view on Tenchi’s 
departure. She could not face Tenchi, the pain had become to great. Ryoko shook 
her head as she watched Tenchi leave.

"No you won't Tenchi. They have taken you away from me, and you let it happen," 
Ryoko squeezed Ryo-Ohki tighter. The pain overwhelmed her. She looked down at 
her loyal friend. She did not watch as the Juraian ship left the atmosphere with 
her love. Ryoko kept her head bowed and let the tears fall from her eyes onto 
Ryo-Ohki. Ryo-Ohki wanted to comfort Ryoko but without her connection, she could 
not speak to her. She snuggled against Ryoko, trying to give her compassion and 
understanding.

"Go, Ryo-Ohki." Ryoko spoke through a harsh sob. 

Ryo-Ohki looked up at Ryoko, confused. Ryoko's golden eyes looked with love at 
her dear friend. Tears still slid down her cheeks. 

"I know you still understand me, even though we don't have our link. I want you 
to go and watch over Tenchi for me." She hugged her friend one last time. 

"Miya?" Ryo-Ohki said in confused understanding.

Ryoko threw Ryo-Ohki in the air with all her strength. Ryo-Ohki turned into a 
spaceship and went after Tenchi. Ryoko watched Ryo-Ohki speed off after Tenchi. 
Her whole world had crumbled before her eyes. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Sir, incoming spacecraft," a Juraian soldier spoke with worry.

"It is Ryo-Ohki," he said with only slight relief.

"Fire if the ship attacks," Akymi ordered.

"What is she trying to do now?" Aeka mumbled.

Ryo-Ohki disappeared from the screen and reappeared in Tenchi's arms. Tenchi was 
shocked by Ryo-Ohki's sudden appearance. Tenchi looked around, expecting Ryoko 
to materialize but she did not.

"What are you doing here Ryo-Ohki?" Tenchi asked. "Wanted to say good bye 
again?"

Before Ryo-Ohki replied, Sasami spoke.

"Ryoko sent her to watch over you," Sasami said. Her voice took a tone not of a 
young child but an old and wise woman. 

Aeka and Tenchi looked at each other in disbelief. 

>Ryoko is going to be all alone,< Tenchi thought sadly. He looked out the 
window, as Earth was becoming a small speck. 

"So I guess you are coming with us," Aeka said, stroking Ryo-Ohki's fur.

Sasami took Ryo-Ohki out of Tenchi's arms. She tenderly held the cabbit.

"It will be alright," Sasami whispered.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Night had settled over the Masaki house. The dark and emptiness of night had 
settled in Ryoko's heart. She sat in the kitchen missing the sounds of Sasami 
cleaning up the dishes. Washu did not even come out to see Tenchi, Sasami, Aeka 
and Yosho off. Ryoko had not felt so alone since the day she was trapped in the 
cave. She could not believe Tenchi had gone. Her brain did not register the 
information. 

"Tenchi," she moaned, as she buried her head in her arms. 

Ryoko did not hear Gyhard come into the kitchen.

"I told you, KITTEN," Gyhard said in his arrogant tone.

Ryoko's head whipped around. 

"Why aren't you gone yet?" Ryoko said harshly.

"I had something I needed to get before I left," he said smiling at her.

Ryoko felt her stomach go flip-flop.

"What might that be?" Ryoko replied sarcastically.

He moved so fast, Ryoko did not have time to respond. Ryoko felt herself lifted 
from the chair and become pinned against the wall. Gyhard's hand had wrapped 
around her throat. She clawed at his hands trying to free herself from his 
grasp. Gyhard smiled in amusement at Ryoko’s hopeless struggle. 

"Your little claws can't hurt me," Gyhard said, laughing at Ryoko's futile 
attempt. 

Ryoko spit on his smug face. His smile went away and he turned deadly upset. She 
felt his hand squeeze tighter around her throat. She heard his fading words as 
she slipped into blackness.

"The legend is no more."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Vree's battle ships arrived at Earth. Each ship conducted a scan on the planet 
to find the members of the royal family. 

Vree relaxed in his command-chair, as one of his officers who was assigned to go 
to Earth came onto his view screen. The young man spoke in a stern voice.

"They are not there, sir," he spoke watching his lord's face for some kind of 
reaction, but no reaction came. Vree's facial muscles did not move as the young 
officer spoke. After he had recited the account of the ship's scan, Vree 
frowned. His fearsome look of displeasure caused some of his crew to cringe back 
in fear. Even the young man that presented him with the news flinched. 

"Eliminate it," Vree spoke with deadly coldness.

The young man quickly nodded at disappeared out of the view of the screen to 
give the order. 

A few of Vree's crew stared in disbelief at their lord's command. Earth was an 
innocent planet that posed no threat, but Vree had just ordered it to its doom. 
The young man came back into the view screen. His voice held no emotion as he 
spoke.

"It has been done. Earth has been destroyed."

Vree leaned back in his chair grinning at the news.

********************************************************************************

That is it for now. ^_^ So how will I get our beloved characters out of this? 
Well I will leave it up to you to guess for now. Hehe.


