                               Washu's  Plan
                               Ryouko's Loss
                                  Part  3
                                 By GenSao
                       Converted to text by Hakubi Ryouko

        The warm hand brushed against her cheek.  Ryouko smiled and turned
over, the bed creaking beneath her.  The hand brushed against her neck this
time, and the pirate blinked her eyes open.

        "Tenchi?" she called sleepily.  And there he was, leaning over her.
She smiled up at him, her hand reaching out to carress his face.  Only to
have it brush against nothing as the image of her love faded.  Ryouko 
blinked at the disappearing apparition, then reached out with her other 
hand, as if its presence could keep the image in one peice.

        "Tenchi." she cried softly.

                               * * * * *

        Ryouko walked down the main road which stretched out along the
Masaki property.  She was only dimly aware of the bag of groceries she
carried in her arms, her mind wandering on the dreams and fantasies she'd
been having.  But Tenchi was gone, married over three weeks ago and living
happily with Aeka.

        "Life's so unfair." she sighed as she made a cut through the trees
to walk along the lake's shore.  She really wouldn't have minded had Aeka
gotten Tenchi fairly -- with her wiles.  But no, she cheated and had Washu
create that fake child.  And Tenchi had gone along with it, which had
really upset her.  Ryouko sighed and shook her head.  That wasn't fair,
really.  Tenchi's so caring and honest that she couldn't really blame him.

        The lapping of waves brought Ryouko from her musing.  She found
herself floating gently over the lake, very near to the wooden bridge.  She
sighed again, teleported to the bridge and finished her journey to the
Masaki house.

        "Tadaima." she said as she walked into the house.  It was a stupid
ritual, since Nobiyuki was still at work, Katsuhiko stayed up in the
temple, and Washu...   Well, she hadn't seen Washu in a long time.  The
scientist kept to her lab more and more.  Given all of that, it was pretty
useless announcing that she'd returned, since no one ever answered.

        "Okaeri nasai."

        Ryouko froze.  She didn't just hear what she thought she did.  She
was just having a daydream.

        "Okaeri nasai, Ryouko."

        Ryouko looked up.  There he was, in his Jurai clothing, looking as
handsome as he ever did.  More so.  Looking like the prince he'd become.
Ryouko just stood there, not daring to move.  Too afraid that this was just
another dream -- another illusion.

        "Tenchi?" she whispered, as if admitting that small fact would
cause him to fade away.  Tenchi smiled.

        "Ryouko.  How are you?" he said.  Ryouko blinked, for several
seconds.

        "Tenchi?  Is that really you?" she asked, carefully.  The young man
smiled and nodded.  Ryouko almost dropped her packages.  Almost ran to
embrace him.  Almost told him that she'd never let him leave her again.

Almost.

        Instead she smiled happily, took a deep breath, and held back her
tears of joy.  She nodded the new Prince of Jurai towards the kitchen, then
walked past him.  Tenchi, befuddled, followed the pirate and watched as she
began to put the groceries away.

        "So... Are you still married?" she asked.  Then immediately wished
she hadn't.  Tenchi just smiled at her.

        "Yes, I am." he said, handing her a package of eggs.  "Aeka is with
Achika on another ship.  She should be getting here a little later."

        "Ah." Ryouko said, non-committally.  She finished with the
groceries, then turned and really looked at him.  Married life had done
wonders for the young man, had put a confidence and pride in him that he'd
only rarely shown while on Earth.  Suddenly it was just too much for her.
Ryouko threw herself at Tenchi, throwing her arms around him and clinging.

        "TENCHI!" she cried, literally.  She could feel the tears flowing
onto his clothing, but she didn't care.  He was back, if nothing else but
for a short visit.  Tenchi's arms wrapped around her and he was thankfully 
quiet, silently accepting the breakdown of her resolve.

        "Look at me." she finally said with a chuckle after a long silence.  
"Bawling like a child."

        Tenchi still held her close and Ryouko wasn't complaining.
        
        "Nothing wrong with that, Ryouko." he said, then held her out at 
arms length.  "It's a side of you I rarely get to see.  You're always so 
forceful... so brusque."

        He smiled and caressed her cheek.
        
        "It's nice to be reminded that you can be soft."
        
        Ryouko giggled, then stepped back from him.
        
        "So, how long are you and Aeka going to stay?"
        
        Tenchi walked around the kitchen, idly touching the table, counter, 
and stove.

        "A few weeks." he said wistfully as he gazed out through the 
kitchen's sliding door.  A smile slowly spread across his face as he looked 
at the lake where the first Ryou-ouki and Aeka's Ryou-ou had crashed what 
seemed like eons ago.  "Enough time to say hello to dad and grandpa, plus 
take care of some other stuff."

        He looked over his shoulder and smiled.
        
        "Plus I felt Achika should meet her god-mother."
        
        Ryouko blinked.  Then the implication hit her -- hard.
        
        "Me?" she said, then snarled.  "Not a chance."
        
        Tenchi started as Ryouko began crashing through the kitchen, 
pulling out pots and utensils in an angrily slamming them on the stove.

        "I can't believe you would even think I'd be that little demon's 
god-mother." she growled out as she violently threw the refrigerator door 
open.  "Especially what she cost me."

        The space pirate pulled out some eggs, then reached through the 
freezer door and removed some beef.  Tenchi watched, fascinated, as she 
carved the meat up with an energy dagger -- simultaneously thawing it.  As 
she reached for the eggs, Tenchi saw that she was shaking; and when she 
crushed them, covering her hand in egg-yoke, he crossed to where she was.  
He gently took her hand and guided it to the sink, where he washed it.

        "Ryouko, I know you don't like the fact that Achika's come into my 
life.  And I know you blame her for my marrying Aeka."

        "I shouldn't?" she asked angrily, her head turned away.  Tenchi 
paused.

        "Perhaps.  I -- I can't answer that, really.  But I don know that I 
want my daughter to know you." he said, cleaning his own hands now.  "I 
want you to accept her."

        "Why?  Why does it matter?" she asked unable to stop her hurtful 
words.

        " 'Why?' " Tenchi echoed, increduously.  "Because you're a part of 
my life, Ryouko.  Because even though I married -- and love -- Aeka, I love 
you just as much.  And even though I'm a fool I'd like to imagine both of 
you at my side."

        Ryouko turned to Tenchi, her eyes hopeful.  Then she sagged and 
shook her head.  There was too much resentment in her to accept a joined 
union with Aeka. She couldn't cope with knowing that she had come second in 
Tenchi's life -- no matter the reason.  Tenchi sighed also.

        "It's a thought, Ryouko." he said, taking her hand again -- and 
this time covering it with both of his.  "Just promise me you'll think 
about it before you say 'no'."

        Ryouko was about to answer when a Jurai guardian materialized 
outside.

        "Yes Azaka?" Tenchi called as the log floated into the kitchen.
        
        "Tenchi-sama.  Aeka-sama has called and asked that you randevous 
with her.  It seems she has had some trouble with her ship."

        Tenchi grimaced, hoping this wasn't a ploy by his wife to avoid 
this reunion.  He turned to Ryouko, an apology on his lips.

        "Go." she said with a sad smile.
        
        "I'm sorry." he said, hanging his head.
        
        "It's alright.  Dinner won't be ready for a few hours."
        
        When Tenchi winced she smiled.
        
        "Don't worry, I've gotten much better.  I mean, your father's still 
alive."

        Tenchi had to laugh at that, and it cleared the air of any tension.  
He took her hand and kissed the back of it lightly.

        "I'll return shortly." he said, then swept out of the kitchen.  A 
beam of light bathed them both and he and the guardian disappeared.  Ryouko 
went back to cooking.

                                        *
        
        Two hours later Ryouko gazed down at the results of her efforts.  
She smiled, pleased with herself.  The spread on the table would have done 
Sasasmi proud.  And with time to spare no less, she thought as she looked 
at the clock.  Nobayuki wouldn't be home for a few hours more and Tenchi 
should be back soon.

        As if in answer to her thoughts the front door opened.
        
        "Tenchi-sama?  Are you here?"
        
        Ryouko froze.  She slowly turned as the Princess of Jurai stepped 
into the kitchen.  Both women locked eyes and the tension and feelings in 
the room was a palitable presence.

        "Aeka." Ryouko said, finding her voice first.
        
        "Ryouko." Aeka replied.  Ryouko turned and began cleaning the 
kitchen.  Aeka stood in the doorway for a few minutes more, then went into 
the living room to wait.  A half-hour later Ryouko wandered out, a neutral 
expression on her face, and started for the stairs.

        "Have you seen my husband?" Aeka asked haltingly.  Ryouko froze, 
and blinked.

        "What did you say?" she asked slolwy, turning to the princess.
        
        "Have you seen Tenchi?  We were supposed to meet here." she said, 
annoyed.  Ryouko stared at here, eyes wide.

        "Didn't you ... send ... that ..." Ryouko trailed off.  Aeka stood 
and crossed to the prirate.

        "Send what?" she asked.  Ryouko just blinked. "What?  What you 
insufferable demon?!"

        "A message.  Tenchi got a message from you to meet him because you 
had ship trouble."

        It was Aeka's turn go wide-eyed.
        
        "I sent no message." she whispered.  Both women locked eyes again.
        
        "Tenchi." Ryouko said.
        
        "My husband and daugher." Aeka whispered.  Both women sprinted for 
the front door, Ryouko in the lead.  So, when she stopped, Aeka couldn't 
help but slam into her.

        "What are you doing?" she demanded from the floor as she began to       
pick herself up.  Wordlessly Ryouko pointed -- at the open dimensional 
doorway into Washu's lab.

        "So?" Aeka demanded.  She needed to get to Tenchi and Achika.
        
        "Since you all left, this is the first time it's been open.  And 
Washu isn't in the habit of leaving it open for extended periods."  Ryouko 
said as she entered.  Aeka blinked owlishly but followed.  Ryouko was the 
only one who had some idea where Tenchi had gone.

        Aeka found the pirate rummaging through the lab, idly tapping at 
Washu's shadow computer.

        "How?" she asked pointing.
        
        "I don't know.  Washu wouldn't leave her computer open like this." 
she said.  "It's very --"

        Aeka turned and looked down at Ryouko as she trailed off.
        
        "What is it?" she asked.  Ryouko looked up at the princess, then 
pointed.


        Washu's Journal: Entry #21392
        -----------------------------
          All is going according to plan.  Tenchi is enroute to the 
randevous and I am on my way to meet my destiny. When next I write I shall 
be Queen Washu of Jurai.

        Ryouko gaped at the entry then turned and stalked out of the lab, 
Aeka close on her heels.

        "RYOU-OUKI!!" she screamed with mind and voice as she hurried to 
the door.
        
        "Miya?" the cabbit called from the fields, then sprinted to the 
house.

        "Where are you going, Ryouko?!" Aeka called after her.
        
        "I"m going to find that witch and tear her apart!  She's probably 
heading for Tenchi even as we speak!!" Ryouko yelled over her shoulder.  
"RYOU-OUKI!! SHIP MODE!!!"

        "MIYA!!!" the cabbit called as she leaped into the air and 
transformed.

        "I'm coming too!!!" Aeka shouted to Ryouko as the pirate flew up to 
meet her ship.

        "No!  You head for Jurai!  Someone needs to warn them in case I 
can't stop her!"

        Aeka watched the pirate disappear into the organic ship.  She 
hesitated for a second before calling to her ship to transport her up.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Writer's note:
        For those of you who have read the other fics, you've probably 
noticed that I'm not calling myself the author of this fic any longer.  In 
truth, this story is based on an RP session that Gen and I did a while ago, 
and this is more his fic than mine.  I'm just fleshing it up and changing a 
few things that happened, just for continuities sake.

        At this point there should be about two, no more than three, more 
chapters before the end of this fic.  I will admit that the prologue and 
the final fic were/will be all my idea.
                                                        Nekokun
                                                        (AKA Hakubi_Ryouko
                                                        and Chibi_Ryouko)                       
