Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love...Alpha!
Chapter 3A: Naroda Beach Pt.2
By Long T. Tran




Disclaimer:


I don't own these characters, AIC/Pioneer owns them. I don't intend 
to make money off this because I don't want to get a lawsuit.  I'm 
too poor for that.  But this is my original story concept, so don't 
plagiarize!

Author's note:


I apologize for the long wait, as you can see, this is by far my biggest 
chapter.  I hope it was 
worth the wait for you folks.  Sorry for the suspense and metal torture I 
might've caused.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


Safe Haven 


Naroda Beach; blanketed under the cover of the night sky, the beach house stood 
silent near the water's edge.  Tenchi carried Ryoko in his arms from Washu's 
portable boat.  Ryoko was barely conscious and Tenchi was still frantic from the 
traumatic experience that occurred.  

<How could this happen to her!?>  The day went by too well to end up like this!  
He thought with agitation. <Because of that stupid idea, she was 
nearly killed!>  

Conveying Ryoko up the flight of stairs of the elevated beach house, the events 
which led up to the incident returned to Tenchi...   


Ice Cream!


"Good!  Good!  Do some more of those poses!"  Tenchi directed excitedly.

The cool waters of Naroda beach flowed around Tenchi's feet as he took pictures 
of Ryoko in her newly owned sun hat.  Ryoko joyfully struck her different poses 
at every click of the camera, having a lot of fun.  She mimicked the moves of 
professional supermodels, sometimes, she would let loose and look silly 
intentionally, which made Tenchi lose control and laugh.  

Meanwhile, a few hundred feet away,  a small crowd of the beach's young women 
were gathered around an object of their fascination.

"Would you look at that hunk!!" said a blonde.

"Yah!  Look at those muscles!  And that washboard muscles!  Sigh!"  A girl 
replied.

"What a body!  What hunk!  He's sooo cute!"  Said a brunette.

The crowd of women parted allowing Naroda's beach hunk to get up from his posing 
positions.  He stood up and grabbed a towel from a nearby bench press and wiped 
away all the sweat from his rippling chest.  The women swooned and sighed in 
response.  The Iron man obviously loved his status.   As the ladies fainted, the 
hunk looked over to the water's edge and noticed a girl with cyan hair running 
along the beach doing some poses in front of a spiky-haired guy with a camera.  

<Who is that girl?  She's so stunning!!  I gotta have her!>  The Herculean 
strongman thought excitedly.

After the half hour photo session, Ryoko and Tenchi sat down at the water's edge 
trying to figure what to do next.  Tenchi placed the camera into his pocket.  

"You really like taking pictures of me, don't you?"  Ryoko asked.

"Uhh...,I guess you can say that.  I'm really getting into this, it helps me 
relax."

"Well, that's nice to hear.  So, what do you want to do next?"

"Hmm.  I really don't know."  Tenchi said.  He looked across the sandy beach and 
noticed an ice cream stand.  "The only thing that comes to mind is getting some 
ice cream to cool down a bit."

"I'm feeling a little warm, myself.  Sounds good to me."  Ryoko agreed.  

"Besides, maybe some ice cream will help us decide on our next move.  Food for 
thought."

"I couldn't agree more."

"Okay, then.  You stay here while I go fetch some.  What would you like?" 
Tenchi, asked.

"I just want a plain vanilla ice cream cone."

"Alright,  I'll be back."  

Tenchi stood up and walked off to go buy the ice cream.  Ryoko watched as he 
walked away, as soon as Tenchi was gone, Ryoko smiled happily to herself.

<Alright!!  Things are going so well!!  I am having so much fun with my 
Tenchi!>  Ryoko thought as she tipped her sun hat to make it more comfortable.

As Ryoko waited for Tenchi's return,  she watched little children swam and 
played in the water.  Suddenly, she was covered by another person's shadow.

"Excuse me."  Said a strong voice.

"Yes?"  Ryoko responded.

Ryoko looked up to find, possibly, Naroda beach's most muscular man.  To Ryoko's 
awe,  he had huge arms, a thick barrel neck, pecks that resembled concrete 
slabs, and legs that could support steel beams.  The iron man had a full mane of 
black hair, his skin was fair bronze and his eyes were golden brown.

"I couldn't help but notice how natural you looked, acting like a supermodel a few 
minutes ago.  You looked absolutely stunning."

"Thank you."  Ryoko said in her most gracious manner, trying not let the 
stranger annoy her.

"And what is your name?"

"My name's Ryoko. Yours?" 

"My name is Goro."

"Well, nice to meet you, Goro.  I'd love to chat with you but I'm currently 
enjoying my date with somebody else." Ryoko said bluntly. 

"Oh.  You mean THAT little guy who's pointing his camera at you?"   Goro asked 
while pointing at Tenchi.

"Yes.  Him."  Ryoko confirmed, frowning at Goro's insult of Tenchi. 

Meanwhile, it was really hot and Tenchi anticipated the taste of the ice-cold-sweet-taste of vanilla ice cream. 

[Cherish every precious moment you have with her...]  those strange words just 
kept lingering in his mind every time he thought about the Fortune telling 
Machine.

It was finally Tenchi's turn to order.  He walked up to the window and found 
that the clerk was one of his old school mates (from the currently undergoing 
reconstruction of Okayama High School).  A schoolmate that he can never forget, 
the guy was fat, very thick lips, thick octangular glasses, and short dandruffy 
hair.

"Tenchi?  Tenchi Masaki?!"

"Amagasaki?  Is that you?"

"It sure is!  How are you?"

"I'm doing fine and you?"

"Just working and saving up some money.  Say, I noticed that girl you're with.  
She looks pretty hot!  Is she your girlfriend?"

"Well, no.  Not exactly."

"Then what?  Your sister?"

"No, no!  She's uh,...just a friend."

"Oh, just a friend.  Well then, in that case, could you introduce me to her?"

"What?"  Tenchi started.

"You said she's just a friend, right?  I find her very attractive."  Amagasaki said, very interested.

Unaware of his facial expression, Tenchi frowned slightly at Amagasaki's request. 

"I would really like to but I can't." Tenchi replied. "You see, she's not my 
girlfriend, family, or just a friend."

"Oh?  What do you mean?"

"Well, um,  she's my date.  And I'm trying to get to know her a little better.  
You understand that, right?"

"Oh sure!  I'm so sorry about that!"

"It's okay, it happens."

"What would you like to order?"  Amagasaki said, changing the issue.

"Just two cones of vanilla ice cream."

"Coming right up!"

Amagasaki carried out Tenchi's order quickly and handed the ice cream cones to 
Tenchi.

"Wow!  Thanks!  How much?"  Tenchi asked as he licked his ice cream.

"That'll be 200 yen."

Tenchi paid the clerk. Suddenly,  something in the back of his mind brought back 
the words of the Fortune telling machine... "Cherish every precious moment you 
have with her".  Tenchi looked over qt Ryoko's direction and noticed a huge, 
muscular man talking to her.

"Uh oh."  Amagasaki said uneasily.

"Uh oh, what?"  Tenchi asked. 

"You better watch out, Tenchi.  That guy's hitting on your date."

"You know him?"

"No but I've seen him work his charm.  He would hit on some girl regardless, 
single or not, and then later on, he would break the poor girl's heart."

"Is that so..."  Tenchi said, not having realized that he was frowning even more. 


Goro


"So...,Ryoko." Goro addressed, showing off his muscles in different Iron-man 
poses.  

"What."  Ryoko replied, growing more annoyed of the strongman's presence.

"What do you see in that little runt?"

"Excuse me?"

"You know, that little runt you're with.  What's his name?"

"Tenchi."  Ryoko said, growling.

"Oh right, Tenchi."  Goro said smugly, rippling his pecks at Ryoko.  Ryoko rolled her eyes and finally lost her patience.

"Look, Goro.  I am really getting annoyed here.  Why don't you Amscre', ok?"

"You're telling me?  The 'Great Goro' to scram?"

"That's right."

"How can you say something like that?  No girl can't resist this!"  Goro said, 
pointing at his abs and muscular features.

"I can."  Ryoko replied coldly.  Ryoko looked over and noticed Tenchi returning.
Ryoko was relieved to see Tenchi, she smiled.  She turned and looked up at Goro.

"Here comes my Tenchi."  Ryoko warned.

"Oh he is, is he?"  Goro said confidently and turned around.

Tenchi arrived holding to two ice cream cones in his hands, he walked passed 
Goro and stood in front of Ryoko. 

"Here you go, Ryoko." Tenchi said, handing Ryoko her ice cream cone.  

Ryoko happily received the cool treat and proceeded to lick off the vanilla.  

Goro cleared his throat and tapped Tenchi's shoulders.  "Excuse me."

Tenchi turned around and faced Goro.  "Yes?  Can I help you?"

"Yes, you can.  By handing me over your pretty little date."

Ryoko sighed in an exasperated manner, she continued on with her ice cream.

"E-excuse me?" Tenchi said, nervously.

"Yeah, you heard me.  I'm taking your date."

Tenchi glanced over to Ryoko with a confused looked, trying to figure out the 
muscle man's aggressive intentions.  In response to Tenchi's silent question, 
Ryoko shrugged.

"Pardon me but, uh...I didn't catch your name."

"My name's Goro and I am THE hunk of this beach."  Goro said with full bravado.

"Uh, right."  Tenchi replied uneasily

Meanwhile, behind the ice cream stand, the funny old man from the Beach 
Accessories shop watched as events unfolded between Goro and Tenchi. 


***


Washu 


Washu watched through the eyes of her invention with full attentiveness.  Ryo-
ohki stood behind her and watched.  For nearly half an hour after the "Cat-Man" 
incident, both had been quiet to each other, having agreed not to intervene on 
Ryoko's date.  The "Cat-Man" incident nearly exposed Washu's invention and 
things could've escalated.  Fortunately for Washu, things didn't.  But as Washu 
and Ryo-ohki were about to leave Tenchi and Ryoko alone, a huge man walked up to Ryoko.  After another few minutes, the bigger man started to harass Tenchi.   Washu and Ryo-ohki both frowned at the computer screen.  

"Ryo-ohki, we've got to do something about that big lug.  I don't know about you 
but I'm willing to bend the rules of our agreement."

"Miya."  Ryo-ohki agreed.

"How should we take care of this big lug, hmm?"

The humanoid cabbit held her little chin and thought for a moment.  After a long 
silent minute, an idea finally came to mind.  Immediately,  Ryo-ohki transferred 
her idea to Washu through their mental link. 

"That's a cool idea!  Why didn't I think of that?"  Washu exclaimed.  Washu 
typed onto her holocomputer at lightning speed.  Changing the form, size and 
shape of the android. 

Ryo-ohki shrugged and sent an insulting thought to Washu.

"Oh hush!"  Washu barked.  "Don't let it go to your head that you thought of it 
first!"

Ryo-ohki beamed happily as Washu continued on typing.


Aeka's New Bodyguard


Meanwhile, back to the blue-roofed Masaki home,  Aeka and Shoji had just 
finished changing into much drier clothing.  Both sat across from each other 
from the living room area, waiting on Sasami to bring out some tea.  

All day long, the thought of Tenchi and Ryoko being together for one day worried 
Aeka deeply.  As if things weren't enough, her father had to send in a new body 
guard to protect her.  Aeka studied Shoji for a couple of long, silent minutes 
trying to figure out her father's motives on why he replaced her guardians with 
Shoji.  Not wanting to make Shoji feel like a spy under an interrogating light, 
she decided to start a simple, friendly question and answer conversation.

"Pardon me for being cold to you a little bit earlier." 

"No not at all, your highness.  I deserved that treatment, after all,  I did get 
you drenched and I apologize for that clumsy display."

"It is alright.  It is in the past, no need for any further apologies."  Aeka 
assured.  

"As you wish."  Shoji said with relief. 

Aeka smiled softly. "I did not quite catch your full name, what was it again?"  

"My name is Shoji Takazawa of the Juraian Royal Guard." 

"Takazawa?" Aeka said inquisitively.  The name seemed familiar to her somehow.

"Yes."  Shoji replied.

"Hmm..." Aeka sounded as she thought through her memory.

As Aeka dug through her memories, Sasami walked out of the kitchen carrying a 
tray with tea and crackers, ready to serve.

"Here you go!"  Said the cheerful blue-haired princess.

Shoji had an awe-struck look on his face. "Princess Sasami, you're serving tea 
and crackers?"

"Yes?  Is there a problem?"  Asked the young one.

"No, none at all.  I just find it very interesting that a Juraian noble is 
serving and cooking."

"Oh!  Well, I don't mind doing it.  I find it a very fulfilling experience."

"Fulfilling?  How so?"  Shoji inquired curiously.

"I enjoy cooking mainly because it feels good.  I don't know.  It's just the 
fact that I'm just so darn good at it!"

"Very fascinating."

"You think so?"  Asked Sasami.

"Yes, of course it is!  It's not everyday a Juraian noble decided to serve food 
just for the sheer joy of it.  This shows very good character."

"Thanks Shoji!"  Sasami blushed.

"My pleasure, your highness."

At that very moment, Yosho walked into the house.  He stepped over to the living 
room area.  Shoji stood up from the sofa and bowed his head to greet the old 
man.

"Greetings, Prince Yosho."

"No need for formalities, Shoji.  You're on earth now and I don't want the 
locals seeing a young man, like yourself, bowing to a Shinto priest in such a 
formal manner."

"Indeed.  As you wish."

"So how do you like your new assignment, Shoji?"

"As far as I know, I think it's very unusual."

Yosho lifted an eyebrow and smiled.  "Oh? How so?"

"It's just so laid-back back on this planet."

"Do you find this unsettling?"  Asked Yosho.

"Oh no!"  Shoji replied immediately.  "I find that the countryside here is very 
beautiful and it rivals that of Jurai's.  And for the sheer fact of knowing that 
the presiding Juraian nobles are happy to be here."

"You are a very perceptive one, Shoji."  Yosho complimented.

"Yeah, well, anyhow.  That's basically my thoughts."  

As the two Juraian males conversed,  Aeka watched silently.  She found herself 
distracted from thinking about Tenchi and started to focus her full attention 
onto Shoji.

<There is this enigmatic quality about him.  His hair color is black and shorter 
compared to most Juraian males; very uncharacteristic for a Juraian.  I wonder 
if he has any roots on earth?>  Aeka thought.  <Even for a Juraian Knight, his 
mannerisms are so informal.  Anyhow?  Now that is an unusual phrase!>  Aeka 
smiled at the thought.  <And he doesn't seem to mind being on this planet.  
Unlike Seriyou.>  She shivered at the thought of Seriyou. 

Sasami tugged at Aeka's sleeve. "Psst!  Hey Aeka."  Sasami whispered.   

"What is it, Sasami?"

"Don't you think he's cute?" 

"Sasami!"  Aeka whispered back, loudly.

"What?"  Sasami asked innocently.

"Do not ask me that sort of question!  This is neither the time nor place!"

"Alright.  Then I'll just ask you later."

Aeka sighed exasperatedly.  Both girls focused their attentions on Yosho and 
Shoji.

"You are an interesting character, Shoji."

"Thank you.  Your words are too kind."

"You're welcome."  Yosho responded.  Then he had an idea.  "By the way, since I'm responsible for Aeka's safety, I have to make sure if you're qualified 
enough to protect her."  

"I understand your concern for the crown princess's well-being.  How do you 
propose to test my capabilities?"

"I want to see how well you hold out against me."

The trio were stunned by Yosho's proposal.  

Shoji regained his composure.  "You mean to tell me that you want to challenge 
me in a mock duel?"

"That is correct."  Replied Yosho.  "Meet me at the shrine in half an hour.  I 
look forward in seeing what you're capable of."

"My sentiment's exact."  Shoji said confidently.  


***


Goro the Big Lug


"Listen, buddy, get it through your thick skull!"  Ryoko yelled.  "I don't want 
to go anywhere with you!  So quit bugging us!"

"Don't sweat it babe.  I'll liberate you from this little runt in no time."  
Said Goro.

"Who're you calling a RUNT?!"  Tenchi asked, finally losing patience, his fists 
clenched tightly. 

"I don't see any other runt around here, do you?"  Goro replied, poking his 
finger on Tenchi.  "Or do you want to settle this in a man's way?"  Goro grinned,  cracking his knuckles.

"You leave Tenchi alone!!"  Ryoko barked, jumped and stood between Tenchi and 
Goro. "You're not laying a finger on him!"

"Stand aside,  I'll release you of this burden!"  Goro demanded.

"Burden?!?"  Tenchi yelled, quizzically.  "Why you, stuck up, arrogant, 
chauvenistic..."  Tenchi's noticed his explosive remarks and realized his verbal 
mistake, too late.

"Oh good!  Those sounded like fightin' words!"  Goro said excitedly, flexing himself, warming up for a brawl.  He steps closer to Tenchi but Ryoko pushes Goro back away.

"If you're going to hurt him!  You're going to have to get through me first!"
Ryoko proclaimed.  

"Ryoko,  let's not get into this any deeper than it should be.  Let's just leave 
him."  Tenchi said, calmly.  He grabbed Ryoko's right arm and gently pulled her 
away from Goro.

"Oh no you don't!"  Goro yelled out.  He grabbed Ryoko's left arm and started 
pulling. "You're not getting her that easily!"

"Hey!  Let go of me, you idiot!"  Ryoko screamed. "Tenchi!"

"Let go of her!  Can't you see that she doesn't want to go with you?"  Tenchi 
said, pulling on Ryoko.

"She's mine, I tell you!"  Goro replied as he tugged.

"Tenchiii!"  

"I'm doing the best I can!"

"You two stop pulling on me!!  This is really getting painful!"  Ryoko cringed.

"No way!  I'm not giving up until I have her!!" Goro affirmed.

"Let her go!  You're hurting her!!"  Tenchi yelled, pulling on Ryoko.

"Ouch ouch ouch!  Stop it, the both of you!  You're tearing me apart!"

Throughout this ordeal, Ryoko realized something about Tenchi.  <This is what it feels like to be fought over.  To have myself and Aeka pulling Tenchi, hoping to win his love.>  Ryoko thought and frowned. 

The two continued pulling.  Suddenly, a hypnotic, sexy female voice is heard.  

"Boys, boys, no need to fight over one girl.  I'm here."

Tenchi, Ryoko, and Goro suddenly stopped and turned their heads towards the 
mysterious voice.  A tall, silky brunette, perfect tan skin, full red lips, 
perfect curvy-athletic figure, and last but not least the young lady was a white 
foreigner.  Tenchi, Goro, and Ryoko stopped their bickering and were stunned by 
the beauty of the new girl.  Ryoko was dropped to the sandy ground.  The 
brunette swept her hair back and walked towards the Trio.  Tenchi quickly swayed 
his attention from the girl and helped Ryoko to her feet.

"My name is Venus, Venus de Milo.  Miya."  

Goro straightened up and regained his composure.  He brushed back his black mane 
of hair and cleared his throat.

"My name is Goro, uh, Goro de Marco."  Goro said and showed off his sparkly row 
of teeth. 

"Goro, eh?"  Venus said with curious interest.  She walked towards Goro.

Seizing the opportunity, Ryoko turned, faced Tenchi and pointed towards the 
ocean waters.  Tenchi nodded back understanding Ryoko's gesture.  Suddenly, both 
jumped to their feet and sprinted towards the waves.

Goro saw Tenchi and Ryoko ran off through the corner of his eye, he ignored the 
two and focused his full attention onto the more beautiful girl named Venus.   

"So, Venus." Goro smirked. "Now that we're both alone.  How should we better 
acquaint ourselves?"

"You want to know?  Miya."  Venus asked, seductively.  She stepped closer to 
Goro and ran her fingers down his chest.

"Oh yeah." 

"Then I'll show you..." She said.  Venus stepped away from Goro and walked 
towards a secluded back area of the seaside hotel. "Follow me."  She blew a kiss 
at Goro.

Goro happily obliged Venus's enticing invitation.  After a few minutes of 
following Venus, they finally reached the seclusion.  The seclusion was perfect, 
it's away from any outside contact and they could do anything they wanted.  
Venus turned and faced Goro with yearning eyes. 

"So, what now?"  Goro asked sheepishly.

"What do you think, you fool?!  Kiss me!! Miya!"  Venus exclaimed and ran 
towards Goro's open arms.  They embraced each other and kissed each other full 
force.

Goro closed his eyes letting all his senses focus on Venus's working lips.  He 
held her tighter and kissed like he never kissed before.  After a long sensual 
moment, he opened his eyes, his eyes bulged out of their sockets.  The site he 
saw was absolutely shocking!

Instead of finding himself kissing a beautiful foreign girl in his embrace, he 
was lip-locking with an old man!  An old, decrepit, short, and wrinkled up man 
was kissing him.

"AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!" Goro screamed, dropping the old man to the ground.  Goro 
started to spit and gag all over the sands. "What the-?! Where's Venus?  What 
have you done to her?"

"Oh, Venus?  Miya! She's gone.  She wanted me to take care of you. Miya!"

"What? Where's Venus?"  Goro asked again while gagging.

"Miya! Geez, you are thick-headed, aren't you?  Miya!  Oh well,  makes it easier 
for me."  Said, the old man.  "Miya!"

"W-What do you mean?"  Goro said nervously. "Miya?  Why are you meowing like a 
cat?"

The old man did not answer, he suddenly turned into a mass of green gelatin and 
enveloped Goro.  Goro struggled vainly for several minutes but finally gave out.  The green gelatin flashed bright red and released Goro.  The green gelatin reverted back to the form of an old man.  The old man clapped and 
rubbed his hands together, content with the results.

"There!  All finished!  No more kitty-cat bugs in the system!  I'm cured!"  Said 
the old man.  Looking down at Goro, who was now crawling around the sands on all 
fours like a cat. 

"Miya! Miya! Miya!"  Goro meowed.

"I am a genius!"

"Miya!"  Goro replied.  Then he stopped crawling,  he sat on one spot, lifted 
his leg and started licking his underside.

"Well, looks like my work here is done. Switching off..."  


*** 


Washu and Ryo-ohki


"Yes!  Alright!  We've succeeded, Ryo-ohki!"  Washu said, giving the toddler a 
high five.

"Miya!!  Miya!"  The cabbit toddler exclaimed.

"Okay, we've had enough fun for one day."

"Miya..."  Ryo-ohki said disappointedly.

"I know I know.  Let's just leave the two of them alone, alright?  We've helped 
them enough, they're on their own from this point on."

"Miya! Miya?" Ryo-ohki asked with a hint of concern for Goro. 

"Don't be silly!  I'm not that cruel!  Don't worry, the big lug will come out of 
that cat trance in a day or two."

"Miya!"  

Washu switched her holocomputer off and the screen disappeared.  Washu stood up from her chair and stretched. 

"Let's go see what the others are up to."

"Miya!  Miya!"  Ryo-ohki said happily.  The toddler jumped up with a loud pop, 
and in mid-air, suddenly turned into a cabbit.  The cabbit landed on top of 
Washu's head.  

"Heh heh, Cute little furrball." Washu smiled, patted the cabbit, and made her 
way towards the exit door. 


Shoji Vs. Yosho


Shoji, Sasami, and Aeka finally arrived at the front of the shrine.  Yosho stood 
patiently, ready and waiting. Shoji stepped away from Aeka and Sasami and stood 
three yards in front of Yosho.  Aeka and Sasami sat at the steps of the entrance 
of the Shrine.

"Are you ready, Shoji?"  Asked, Yosho.

"I'm ready."

"Good, we'll duel with these."  Yosho said, he threw a bokken over to Shoji.  
Shoji caught the bokken with his left hand and immediately postured into a 
Juraian ready stance. 

"What are the rules?"

"The rule is: First one to successfully strike one blow to the other's chest, 
wins.  No rematches, 'three out of fives', or anything likewise." 

"Understood."

"Let's begin."  Yosho said and stood ready for the duel. 

Silence passed over, during this, Shoji knew exactly what Yosho was capable of 
as a Swordsman.  Before Yosho left Jurai, seven hundred years ago, he was 
considered the best and greatest swordsman on Jurai.  Shoji would hear stories 
about Yosho's powerful skills and how he would devoutly practice his techniques 
daily.  Shoji respected Yosho as a swordsman and what he stood for,  at the time 
of Ryoko's Attack on Jurai, Shoji was merely a young Royal Squire in his fourth 
year of training.  In a way, Yosho was his role model and the pinnacle of all 
the values Shoji believed in.  And now, he had the chance to see how well his 
skills will hold out against Yosho's, a chance to see how years of training and 
experience has shaped 
him as a swordsman.

As Yosho waited for Shoji's first strike,  Yosho thought about the news that 
surrounded Aeka's new bodyguard.  A few days ago, after having received the 
message from the king of Jurai that Shoji was to be Aeka's new Guardian, Yosho 
decided to do a little research on Shoji's past.  Courtesy of Washu's hyper 
channel communicator that was installed into his room.  Yosho was able to talk 
to one of his closest friends from childhood, Shoji's superior commander. The 
talk with his long-time friend, Naoju,  proved to be most interesting.  Shoji 
had served in the Royal Guard for the past several hundred years and had shown 
great potential as a swordsman.  From what Naoju had told Yosho, Shoji had been 
through quite a lot in his service and has attained a great amount of  
experience.  Yosho considered these points and decided to be extra cautious.   

After a silent minute,  Yosho and Shoji charged each other at a blinding speed.
Running and swinging his bokken, Shoji passed Yosho and missed.  He immediately 
turned around and deflected Yosho's strike.  Shoji back-flipped over Yosho's 
head and landed behind him and swung.  Not fast enough, Shoji missed Yosho 
again,  Yosho had leapt forward to avoid Shoji's strike.

As the two Juraian males fought on,  Aeka and Sasami watched with great 
interest.  Aeka watched as her older brother charged Shoji, she was grateful 
that the duel helped her distract her thoughts away from Tenchi.  But then 
again, she thought about Tenchi anyways,  for some odd reason she knew that 
things were going to change between Tenchi, Ryoko, and herself.  Aeka felt 
extreme anxiety, not wanting to know on how things will turn out after their 
date.  

<If Tenchi chooses Ryoko to be his love,  I will just simply go back home to 
Jurai, I will not look back and will not think about it any further.  Why should 
I stay and watch Tenchi enjoy being around Ryoko?  I will not be able to bare 
it!>  Aeka buried the frightening thought and continued on watching the duel to 
distract herself away from thinking about Tenchi and Ryoko.  She refocused her 
attention back to the duel.   

"So this is where you girls are."  Washu said, sitting down next Aeka.

"Oh, hello Washu."  Aeka greeted.  

"Hi, Washu!"  Sasami greeted happily.  Ryo-ohki hopped from Washu's head and 
onto Sasami's.  The little princess welcomed the cabbit with a giggle.

"Well!  I'm going to go make some lunch!"  Sasami jumped up from the steps and 
ran towards the house.  "I'll be back with the food!"  And ran off with Ryo-ohki 
enjoying her ride, atop the princess's head.

"See you later, Sasami!" Washu yelled out and looked over and noticed the duel 
between Yosho and a person she had never seen before.

"Hey, who's the new guy?"  Washu, asked.

"He is my new guardian."  Aeka answered.  

"New guardian?"  Washu inquired further. "Since when?"

"Since this morning,  my father has reassigned Azaka and Kamadake to protect 
Sasami and they were replaced by Shoji."

"Hmm.  Really..."  Washu said curiously.

"Yes.  Really."

"I wonder why my father would do that in the first place.  The two guardians did 
a sufficient job with my protection.  Why would he suddenly replace them?"

"Gee, I wonder why, Aeka..."  Washu said sarcastically.

<Isn't it obvious to you that your father is trying to get you to see eye to 
eye?  Are you THAT engrossed with Tenchi to not see the reasons?>  Washu thought 
for a second, she checked over to Aeka. <No wait. Stupid question.>

Washu looked over to Shoji and peered back to Aeka, the genius noticed that the 
princess was paying extra close attention to the fight.  

<But then again, Aeka does seem to be a bit curious about Shoji.  Once Tenchi 
and Ryoko returns, I wonder how this will turn out.>  Washu thought and smiled 
deviously.

With a simple whim of her hand, she brought out her holocomputer and started to 
type away.  Aeka noticed and faced Washu with a curious look.

"Washu, what are you doing?" 

"Oh I'm just doing some miscellaneous study.  I just wanted to collect some data 
on Juraian biological fighting mechanics, you know, the study of movement."

"Oh, I see."  Aeka said with fascination.  "You never seem to stop studying, 
do you?"

"Nope."

"I figure you would say that.  You never-ending bookworm."  Aeka teased and 
smiled.

Washu ignored Aeka and continued on studying the two fighters. The holocomputer 
lit up with a flurry of information.  Washu beamed at the newly acquired data.

"Very interesting..."  Washu said contently. 
 
Aeka sighed.  "You are hopeless." 


***


Oh!  Hello, Dolphin!


After ditching Goro at the shore,  Tenchi and Ryoko swam around in clear blue 
waters for a few minutes.  Already putting Goro way back in the back of their 
thoughts, both laughed and enjoyed the cool refreshing ocean waters.  They were 
about twenty five yards away from the shore, both stopped swimming and stood up.  
Ryoko stood next to Tenchi, to their surprise, the water was only chest-level.  
Ryoko still wore her red tank top and jean shorts over her bikini.  Tenchi was 
just wearing his swimming trunks.  Annoyed by the weight of her wet clothing, 
Ryoko took off her shorts and red tank top to expose her swim attire.  

"Ah!  Now that feels better!"  Ryoko said with relief and threw her clothes 
aside into the water.

Tenchi noticed Ryoko's disregard for her clothing. "Uhh..., Ryoko.  Won't you 
need to change into those after we finish swimming?"

"Nah, no need.  I have another pair back at the beach house."  Ryoko looked over 
to the shore of the beach and found that Goro wasn't there.  "Phew!  Thank god 
he's gone!"  She exclaimed.

"Tell me about it.  That was the first time anybody knew how to push my buttons.  
That guy was so full of himself."  Tenchi said.

Ryoko nodded in agreement.  Then, she heard a peculiar squeaking sound coming 
from behind, Ryoko turned around and was suddenly overtaken by excitement.  She 
walked towards the source of the sound.  Leaving Tenchi behind.

"Well, that's the end of him.  I sure hope he doesn't bother us anymore.  So 
what do you want to do now, Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked.  He turned to his left side 
to face Ryoko but she wasn't near.  "Uh..., Ryoko?"

Tenchi scanned around for her in the surrounding waters.  Ryoko was no where to 
be seen. 

"Ryokooo!  Where are youuu?"  Tenchi inquired.  Through the corner of his eye he 
briefly saw a blur pass beside him.  "What the...?"  

Suddenly, Tenchi was enveloped by a pillar of water.  He found himself briefly 
underwater, Tenchi quickly jumped up and broke the water surface.  He spat out 
the briny contents of the seawater and heard Ryoko's laughter.

"YIPPEEEE!"  Ryoko cheered happily, as she held on to the dolphin's flipper, 
riding through the water.

"R-Ryoko?"

"Look at me, Tenchi!  I'm riding a shark!"

"That's not a shark!"  Tenchi laughed as he watched the blue dolphin pulled 
Ryoko above the water's surface.  Ryoko freed herself from the dolphin and swam 
towards Tenchi.  

"Then what was that, I was riding on?"

"That's a dolphin.  Blue-nosed, I think."

"Oh yeah, that's right.  A shark's a little bit more dangerous, isn't it?"

"Uh-huh."

"Are there any around these waters?"

"Nope not that I know of.  I don't remember hearing about any news of shark 
attacks around the Naroda 
area."

"Oh ok, then I won't worry about it."

The little dolphin swam up to Tenchi.

"Uh..., hello!"  Tenchi greeted to the porpoise.

The dolphin whistles and click in return.  

"Looks like it likes you, Tenchi."

"You think so?"  Tenchi asked and looked over to Ryoko.

Ryoko grinned and nodded to Tenchi.

"Ah! I guess I have my ways with animals."  Tenchi said happily turned over to 
face the dolphin.  "Cute little..."  Suddenly, Tenchi was cut off mid-sentence 
by a huge spurt of water from the dolphin's mouth.    

Ryoko hugged herself and laughed out loud at Tenchi's wet reception.  As Ryoko 
chuckled jovially, Tenchi coughed hard spitting out the salty water from his 
mouth.  The dolphin swam vertically atop the ocean's surface and moved 
backwards.  Then it disappeared below the surface of the water.

"Hahaha!"  Ryoko laughed.

"Quit laughing!  That's not funny!"

"For you it wasn't, but for me on the other hand..."  Ryoko cut herself off and 
continued on laughing.

"Oh yeah?"  Tenchi said deviously.  He immediately splashed the laughing Ryoko 
with a small wave of water.

Ryoko coughed and gave Tenchi a furious look.

"Now that's funny! HAHAHAHA!"  Tenchi chuckled.

"Oh, is that right?"  Ryoko challenged.  "I am the water queen!"  She 
immediately splashed water at Tenchi's direction but he  ducked into the crystal clear water to avoid Ryoko's attack.  Tenchi suddenly popped back up and splashed Ryoko even more. 

"I've got you!  Water queen!"  Tenchi proclaimed gallantly, splashing Ryoko even 
further.

"AAH!"  Ryoko yelled happily, shielding the incoming water with her arms.  Ryoko
gasped with a shocked look in her eyes.  She pointed her finger at an object 
behind Tenchi.  "Look!  I can't believe it!  There's Washu!"

Tenchi's laugh disappeared.  "Huh? Where?"

"Sucker! Gotcha!"  Ryoko exclaimed and splashed Tenchi.

"Oh!  Being sneaky, eh?"  

Both continued splashing water at each other, giggling.  When suddenly, they 
here a strange rumbling-wavy sound coming from the open sea.  

"uhh..., Ryoko?  Do you hear that?" 

Ryoko nodded.  Tenchi and Ryoko turned around to see where the sound was 
emanating from.

"AAAAHHH!"  Both screamed simultaneously as a whole pod of dolphins swam past 
by, causing a huge onslaught of water.  After being drenched by the wave of sea 
water, Tenchi and Ryoko stood up and stared at the laughing porpoises.    


***


Lunch!


Sasami returned to the shrine, carrying with her a tray full of lunch.  The 
edibles were mostly comprised of finger foods and enough rice bowls to feed the 
group.  Sasami sat down next to Aeka and Washu.  Sasami reached into her pocket 
and grabbed an orange carrot.  She held the carrot in hand and reached over her 
head and offered it to Ryo-ohki.  The cabbit happily accepted.  

Washu smiled slightly and switched off her holocomputer.  She reached over to 
the food trey and grabbed a deep-fried vegetable.  Aeka did likewise.   

"Lunch is ready!" Sasami shouted to the dueling Juraians.

"Oh great! I'm starving!"  Shoji exclaimed as he deflected one of Yosho's 
strike.

"Mmm..., likewise."  Yosho added, as he dodged under Shoji's swing.

Both ran towards the steps of the shrine, swinging and striking at each other.
Seeing this,  Aeka, Sasami, and Washu screamed and quickly moved out of harm's 
way.

"Yosho!" Aeka said angrily. "You are carrying this way out of hand!"

"Relax, Aeka.  We're trained professionals, Shoji and I know what we're doing."
Yosho retorted as he dodged another Shoji's swings and quickly grabbed a rice 
bowl.

"You could have warned us that you were going to..."

"Let them have their fun, Aeka."  Washu jumped in. "After all boys will be 
boys."

"Oh fine."  Aeka said harshly.

Shoji immediately grabbed his rice bowl and jumped back to avoid Yosho's bokken.
Holding the rice bowl in his left hand,  Yosho poured the contents of the bowl 
down his mouth and rapidly chewed.  Shoji charged Yosho while putting the bowl 
back in it's place on Sasami's tray.

"Thanks, princess Sasami."  He said as he passed the princess.

"My pleasure!"  Sasami returned.

Shoji immediately jumped up again to avoid Yosho's bokken swipe.  Yosho passed 
by Sasami and placed his bowl onto the tray.

"Thank you, Sasami."  Yosho gratified the princess as he charged towards Shoji.

"Sure thing, Yosho!"  Sasami said happily.

And so, Yosho and Shoji continued on with their battle... 

Washu started her way back towards the house. "Well, girls I'm heading' back home. I've gathered more than enough data for my research and from what I can 
conclude.  I can tell where this fight's going to head and it'll be a VERY long 
while until they reach the end. See you two later."

"Alright." Remarked, Aeka.

"See you later Washu!"  Said, Sasami.

"Miya!  Miya!"  Followed the cabbit.


*** 


S. O. S.


Further away from the beach's shore, Tenchi and Ryoko laughed, played, and 
enjoyed the time of their lives with their new-found mammal friends.  The water 
was already eight feet in depth and Tenchi stayed with the main pod.  While 
Ryoko wanders off with her favorite dolphin, separating from the group.  She 
happily named the dolphin 'Echo', mainly because of the deep sounds it made.  
With the memories of Goro far buried in her mind, Ryoko swam underwater along 
side with the young mid-sized dolphin.  Due to her yellow-feral eyes, Ryoko's 
eyesight underwater was ten times keener compared to all humans.  Ryoko swam 
close and grabbed onto the left flipper of the porpoise.  The dolphin happily 
pulled Ryoko along the water.  As the ceiling of water passed over her head, 
Ryoko noticed a little boy a few yards ahead.

<What's a little kid doing all the way out here?>  Ryoko thought curiously.  She 
signaled the dolphin to swim closer to investigate.

As they drew closer, Ryoko quickly realized that the little kid was clearly face 
down, bobbing up and down in the water.  They broke the surface and finally 
reached the boy and Ryoko quickly examined him.  His eyes were closed and he 
wasn't breathing. 

<Okay, Ryoko. Don't panic.  Check for a pulse.>  Ryoko thought to herself.  She 
did her best over the moving water to check his pulse, she examined the little 
one's neck.  She concentrated for a moment.  <Oh thank god!>  She found a very 
faint but fading pulse.

Ryoko quickly signaled Echo to swim over.  She held on to the boy tight and 
grabbed onto Echo's flipper.  The dolphin sped towards the beach's shore.

Meanwhile, Tenchi popped up through the surface of the water, marveled at being 
around dolphins for the very first time in his life. 

"I will never forget this day, Ryoko.  How are you enjoying it so far?" Tenchi 
asked and waited a moment for Ryoko's reply. "Ryoko?"

No answer.

Tenchi looked around for Ryoko, she wasn't nearby.

"Grrr!  I hate it when she does that!"  Tenchi growled. "Now where did she go?"

"Teenchiii!!"  Ryoko screamed. 

Tenchi quickly looked around and spotted Ryoko.

"I've found a kid!  He's not well, I'm going to help him!"

Tenchi found her riding towards the shore of the beach at a very rapid pace.  He 
quickly signaled a dolphin over and he held onto it's dorsal fin.  The dolphin 
clicked and squeaked, Tenchi patted it's head and the dolphin sped off towards 
the shore like a torpedo. 

Ryoko had already carried the kid in her arms to the shore, the youngster had 
lost his pulse.  She carefully placed him on a blanket that was laying nearby on 
the sand.  A curious crowd started to gather around Ryoko.  

"Okay, folks!  I need some room!"  Ryoko demanded.  The crowd curiously watched 
and whispered to each other as Ryoko positioned the boy on his back.  She placed 
his back and neck in an upward position to open up a clear airway.  Ryoko opened 
his mouth and started to blew in air into his lungs.

Tenchi had reached the gathered crowd.  He pushed his way through, he reached 
the center of the commotion and found Ryoko performing CPR to a young child.  He 
watched as Ryoko tried to start up the boy's circulation by pumping his chest 
with her clasped hands.  He quickly realized that his camera was still in his 
pocket from earlier.  He quickly pulled out the camera and started to take 
pictures.

"Come on!  Breathe!"  Ryoko yelled out.  She breathed into his lungs.  After 
three breaths, she went back to pumping his heart.

Finally, after a minute of CPR, the boy quickly turned to his side.  He started 
to convulse violently, he coughed and spat out water from his lungs.  The 
surrounding crowd cheered and celebrated at Ryoko's quick life-saving actions.  
A girl stepped out from the crowd and wraps a blanket around the young boy.  
Several others gathered around Ryoko, they hugged, patted her on the shoulders 
and also shook hands with her.  

Tenchi watched as the crowd congratulated Ryoko on a job well done.  Tenchi 
smiled at Ryoko, very proud of her.  Ryoko looked over to Tenchi and smiled at 
him.  

<Cherish every precious moment you have with her...>  The same words ran through 
his mind.  He took the last two remaining pictures of Ryoko giving out a victory 
sign at the camera.  After taking the pictures, he placed the camera back into 
his pocket.  He walked through the talking crowd that surrounded Ryoko.

Tenchi finally reached her and hugged her.  "Well done, Ryoko."

"Thank you, Tenchi."  Ryoko said, hugging back. 

"Excuse me, miss?"  Said a young voice.

"Yes?"  as she turned away from Tenchi and looked down to find that the little 
kid she saved was standing, wrapped in a blanket.  A lifeguard stood next to him, holding him by the arm.  "Thank you for saving my life." 

"No need to thank me.  Sorry I couldn't have been there any sooner."

"Better late than never."  The boy retorted.  He bowed his head to Ryoko.  "I 
thank you again.  By the way, my name's Haruo."

"My name's Ryoko and this is Tenchi."

Haruo turned to Tenchi and greeted him with a bow.  "Hello, Tenchi."

"Hello, Haruo."  Tenchi returned the boy's greeting.

"Is Ryoko you're girlfriend?  You're a very lucky."  Haruo winked.

"Well..."  Tenchi said nervously.  "She's more like a date."

Ryoko sighed under her breath.  The crowd had begun to disperse.  

"Oh, sorry if I said something wrong."  Haruo apologized.

"No, not at all!"  Tenchi said quickly.

"My father owns that seaside hotel, over there."  Haruo pointed towards the 
hotel.  "I would very much like to repay you back by inviting you to the Annual 
Naroda Beach dance."

"We'll be there, tonight."  Said Ryoko and Tenchi.

"What time will it start?"  Asked Tenchi.

"It'll start in an hour at eight o'clock." 

"Eight o'clock?"  Tenchi said a little startled.  He looked at his sports watch 
and realized how much time has quickly passed.  The time was seven o'clock. 
"Wow."  Tenchi commented.

"Okay?"  Asked, Haruo.

"Okay we'll see you then."  Said, Ryoko.

"Alright!"  Haruo exclaimed.  He hugs Ryoko.  "I'll see you later then!  Bye!"  
Haruo runs off towards the seaside hotel. 

"Sweet kid."  Ryoko commented.

"Yeah." Tenchi agreed.  He turned to Ryoko.  "So..."

"So what?"  Ryoko asked.

"What shall we do now until eight o'clock?"

"Let's just watch the sunset together, ok?"  Ryoko suggested.

"Umm..., Alright."  

Tenchi and Ryoko sat down next to each other on the sand and peered out to the 
ocean horizon.  The Sun is only a quarter of an hour away until it actually 
starts setting.  Still proud of Ryoko's life saving actions, Tenchi decided to 
reach over and hold Ryoko's right hand.

Both decided not to ruin the beauty of the setting horizon,  so they kept silent 
for the duration of what's left of daylight.  Ryoko felt Tenchi's hand held her 
right hand.  Not knowing what to think or say, Ryoko blushed instead and gazed 
onto the sea as the sun begun it's process to kiss it's horizon. 


***


The Duel's Conclusion


The crimson sky had begun to sink over the Okayama countryside approaching the 
dark night. Yosho and Shoji had managed to move the fight over from the shrine, 
through the woods, and finally ending up at the lake. For four hours the duel 
carried on, neither one had any intention of losing but they were both getting 
really tired.

Aeka watched the duel from the house,  she leaned against the frame of her 
bedroom window and found that the two Juraian males were on opposite sides of 
the lake.  She watched as Yosho jumped up from his side of the lake, leaping 
several meters into the air.  Aeka looked over and found Shoji doing likewise.
Both clashed and swung at each other in mid-air over the lake.  Their bokkens 
collided with each other as they fell straight towards the water.  Instead 
of falling straight through, they landed on the surface of the lake!  Both ran 
across the top of the lake, as if on solid ground breaking the rules of physics.
Shoji and Yosho swung and struck at each other, as they neared the shore of the 
lake, suddenly, at the very last minute before reaching solid ground, Shoji 
slipped on a patch of mud.  He fell face forward into the muddy shore of the 
lake. Yosho seized the opportunity and tagged Shoji's chest with his bokken.  
Shoji stood up and noticed that his clothes were completely covered in muck.

"Great."  Shoji commented as he looked at the dark-brown muck on his clothing.
Then Shoji hears an elegant giggle emanating from the house.  He immediately 
spotted Princess Aeka chuckling from a second-story window.  Shoji blushed 
slightly.   

Yosho walked over and placed his right hand on Shoji's shoulder.

"There there, no need to feel defeated.  You held up very well against me.  One 
of the longest duels I've ever had."

"Thank you, Prince Yosho."

"Please, just call me Yosho but I rather much prefer Katsuhito.  I want to treat 
you as an equal, rather than a servant.  Princess Aeka will treat you likewise 
and I expect you to treat us in the same manner." 

"Understood.  It'll take some getting use to but I'll try, nevertheless. Thank 
you, again."

"Your skills as a knight are exceptional.  If you hadn't slipped, the duel 
would've lasted longer.  But considering how well you held up against me, I 
consider you the same equivalent to my capabilities.  I feel safe that you're 
Aeka's new guardian."

"You're too kind." Shoji said modestly. "I shall do my keenest to protect her 
with my life."  

"I don't doubt it.  Why don't you go and wash up." Yosho suggested.

Shoji nodded in agreement.  He turned and bowed to Yosho, Yosho returned the 
gesture.  Then, Shoji walked off to go change.  Yosho watched as Shoji left.

"Eww..."  Yosho commented as he looked at his right hand and watched as the 
slimy-smelly mud slipped 
through his fingers.


***


Dance Party at the Seaside Hotel


The seaside hotel's outdoor ballroom was filled with music and dancing couples.  
As expected the dress code was casual beach attire and the music was nice, 
soothing and romantic.  Tenchi and Ryoko walked along the side of the wooden 
dance floor.  Ryoko was still wearing her beach bikini and Tenchi was wearing a 
white T-shirt and his swimming trunks, both sat down at a nearby table.  Haruo 
looked all over and finally spotted his special guests, he walked over to Tenchi 
and Ryoko. 

"Hello Ryoko!  Hello Tenchi!  Welcome!"

"Hello Haruo!"  Ryoko greeted back.

"Hi Haruo."  Tenchi returned.

The ten year old blushed and struggled with his words.  "Uhh..., Miss Ryoko?  
Um, uh, can you, uh..."

"What can I do for you, Haruo?"

"Well..., um since you saved my life and all...can you..."  Haruo said fiddling 
with his fingers.  "I know I'm just a kid and all but..."

"Haruo, spit it out."  Ryoko demanded in a friendly way.

"Can you have this one dance with me?"

"Sure!"

"R-really?!"

"C'mon, let's go tear up the rug."  Ryoko stood up from her chair and held the 
little kid's hand.

"Yaay!"  The boy exclaimed, following Ryoko to the wooden dance floor.

Tenchi watched as Ryoko walked off to the dance floor, he beamed at Ryoko's 
generosity. "Have fun dancing!"  Tenchi said to Ryoko. "I'll just sit here and 
watch."

Ryoko turned around and gave Tenchi an evil grin. "You're not off the hook, that 
easily.  You're next right after this."

"Uhh, ok."  Tenchi returned nervously.   

Ryoko winked back in response.  Then an easing song started up in the speakers.  
She turned to Little Haruo and smiled softly.

"Okay kid, let's begin."

Haruo nodded and took Ryoko's right hand and placed his left hand on her lips.  
The uneven-looking couple began to dance waltz around the dance floor with Ryoko 
doing the lead.

Under soft roaming lights of the ballroom,  Tenchi watched and admired Ryoko's 
fluent yet gentle movements, as she graced the dance floor.

<I didn't know she learned how to dance.> He thought.  Tenchi looked at Haruo's 
face and noticed his innocent-boyish smile.  <Well, he's definitely happy about 
it.>

Ryoko danced along the floor with Haruo through out the song.  

"I'm curious.  How did you end up so faraway from shore?"

"I was on my inflatable row boat when I ventured out.  I kinda got carried away 
and ended up rowing out too far.  So I decided to row back to shore but when I 
did, the float was leaking air!  As you can see, the rest is history."  Haruo 
beamed. 

She gazed at the Haruo's young face and enjoyed the boy's warm handsome smile.  
Ryoko smiled back at him, proud of the fact that she saved his life.  Knowing 
that she was the one that was responsible for giving him a chance at life, love, 
and happiness.

The song finally ended, and the dancing lights stopped moving.  The dancers 
started to walk off the dance floor. 

"Well, I have to go now.  Thank you for dancing with me!"  Haruo thanked as he 
gave Ryoko a big hug.

"You're welcome, kiddo.  Anytime."  Ryoko hugged back and patted Haruo's head.

Haruo laughed happily and walked off the dance floor, waving back at Ryoko as he 
left the Outdoor ballroom, she waved back.  As soon as Haruo left, Ryoko looked 
over to Tenchi's direction, she found him sitting at the table looking at her.  
Ryoko held up her finger and pointed at him.  

Tenchi saw that Ryoko was the only one left standing on the dance floor. He 
noticed that Ryoko pointed her finger at him.  He looked around and pointed at 
himself and looked at her questioningly.  "Me?"  He asked silently.

Ryoko nodded affirmative.

Tenchi nervously stood up and walked over to Ryoko.  As soon as he reached 
Ryoko, the music immediately started and the lights begun to dance slowly across 
the ballroom. 

"Hello, Tenchi."  Ryoko greeted.

"Hello, Ryoko."

"Ready to dance?"

"Uhh..., sure."  Tenchi answered nervously.

Tenchi placed his right hand on Ryoko's hip and held Ryoko's right hand.

Ryoko noticed Tenchi's apprehensiveness. "What's wrong?  Don't want to dance?"

"No, it's not that, it's just been awhile since I've danced."

"Oh.  Well that's no problem just follow my lead and it'll all come back to 
you."

"Um..., okay." Tenchi complied. 

Ryoko began to move Tenchi along with the romantic rhythm of the song.

As the crowd gathered onto the dance floor, Tenchi quickly recognized the song 
that was being played over the speakers.  He knew the song was from an animated 
movie called X:1999, Forever My Love.  He never liked the voice of the lead singer but he always loved the music went along with it.  The elegant piano, the rhythmic hypnotic sound of the guitars and his absolute favorite: the sweeping violins.  Overall, Tenchi adored the song.  He gazed at Ryoko and did his best to keep up with her natural rhythm.

Ryoko smiled, she freed her hand from Tenchi's right,  placed her arms around 
Tenchi's neck, and rested her head on his chest.  Tenchi placed his right hand 
on her hips, he felt Ryoko's body press up against him,  Tenchi blushed a 
little.

(Oh tell me why!  Forever dream...}  As part of the song sung out.

"Tenchi..." Ryoko whispered into his ear in dreamy way. "This is so romantic..."

"Mmmm..." Tenchi sounded contently.  Tenchi found that his arms embraced Ryoko 
from around her waist.

{Will you stay with me...} 

Tenchi closed his eyes and found himself neck-to-neck with Ryoko.  For once, he 
wasn't nervous around Ryoko and he loved the feeling of the close and secret intimacy being shared.  This was a side of Ryoko he rarely ever saw, he had the general thought of her having the care-free-bad-girl persona, except for the time with the Zero incident. <Maybe it's because of Zero that Ryoko's acting 
this way.>  Tenchi thought curiously. <She has toned down a bit since then, 
except for the time with the king of Jurai.  Oh well, whatever, Tenchi.  Just 
enjoy the moment while it lasts.> He told himself. 

Ryoko was already floating with joy as she danced with the man she loved.  The 
date had went by so well, with a few exceptions, overall, this is the best day 
of her life.  She basked in the warm soothing energies that was emitted by 
Tenchi's soul.  Letting every part of her being immerse itself into the 
surrounding music and to the person she is dancing with.  She didn't realize 
until that very moment how good it felt to be assimilated with Zero.  If it 
weren't for zero's tapped insight into her true feelings for Tenchi.  Ryoko 
would've never been able to come up with the idea of taking Tenchi out to Naroda 
Beach.  Because of Zero, Ryoko finally learned how to stay focused whenever 
she's around Tenchi.

As Tenchi and Ryoko danced on, they lost track of the dancers, the number of 
songs they danced to, and the time.  The last song of the dance, "Fly Me to the 
Moon",  finally ended. 

"Tenchi?"  Ryoko sounded.

"Yes, Ryoko?"    

"What time is it?"

Tenchi held up his wrist behind Ryoko's back and looked at his watch.  "It's 
eleven o'clock."

"Really?"  Ryoko said, facing Tenchi. "Already?"

"Yep."

"Hmm..., looks like the date's almost over.  At midnight, my powers will 
return."

"Oh Really?"

Ryoko nodded.  "I have one last thing to show you, before we call it a night." 

"What is it?"  Tenchi asked.

"I'll tell you later, as soon as we get Washu's last invention."  

"Uhh..., last invention?"  Tenchi said nervously.  

"You'll see.  Trust me."

Ryoko took Tenchi's hand and led him out of the ballroom.  They walked towards 
the beach house to retrieve Washu's last invention. 


***


Night Time in Okayama


Aeka and Sasami were in their room preparing their futons for the night's rest.
Sasami tucked herself into her futon, she peered over and watched as Aeka 
prepared her futon.

As Aeka gracefully pulled the blanket aside, she looked through the window next 
to her and noticed that the fireflies were abundant.  The summer night sky was 
filled with stars and full moon was out.  Aeka observed the fireflies flying 
around in the fields at night, they resembled little orbs of dancing light.  
Then, Aeka spotted Shoji, he was walking along the shores of the lake, 
as if searching for something. 

"Aeka, what are you looking at?"  Asked the little princess.

"Shoji is outdoors, wandering about.  It appears like he is searching for 
something."

"So Aeka, do you think he's cute?"

"Sasami!"  Aeka snapped.  "I told you not ask me that!"

"Come on, Aeka!  He isn't exactly ugly." 

"No, I have to admit.  He is not publicly impaired." 

Sasami gasped.  "See!  I knew you liked him in someway!"  She exclaimed loudly, 
as she jumped up and down on her futon.

"Now that is not true!  I am only simply stating that he is attractive.  Any 
girl would say the same thing!"  Aeka retorted.

"Yeah, I guess you're right.  He's pretty handsome over all."  Sasami looked 
over to her older sister and noticed a frowned look on Aeka.  "Sorry about that 
Aeka,  I guess I got carried away.  I won't say another word about Shoji."  
Sasami apologized while laying down in her futon.

"Thank you for understanding, Sasami.  My heart is still devoted to Tenchi.  No 
one else."  Aeka affirmed.  She started to think about Tenchi and Ryoko all over 
again.  Trying to bury her worries, she peered over through the window and 
stared at Shoji.  After a moment of silent thinking,  Aeka stood up and made her 
way towards the door. 

"Where are you going, Aeka?"  Sasami asked while sitting up in her futon.

"I am stepping outside to see what Shoji is looking for.  I will return 
shortly." 

Sasami giggled. "Oh really?  I am so sure, Aeka."  Sasami teased.

"Sasami..."  Aeka said sternly.

"Okay, okay!  I'll stop!  Good night, Aeka!" 

"Good night, Sasami.  You little joker."

Sasami stuck her tongue out at Aeka.  Aeka laughed softly and quietly stepped 
out of the room.  As soon as Aeka left, Sasami hid herself under her covers 
continued on laughing.

Meanwhile, out at the lake,  Shoji finally found the perfect spot to sit and 
bask in the moonlight.  Even though his surroundings were quite alien,  most 
planets he landed on had beautiful nights.  He laid down on the ground and gazed 
up at the constellations.  Fireflies flew across Shoji's view, he smiled 
serenely.  <Little stars...>  He thought.  

"Good evening, Shoji."  Greeted Aeka.

Shoji sat up to greet the Amethyst-haired princess.  "Good evening, Princess 
Aeka."  

"Would you like to join me?"  Shoji said, offering Aeka a spot next to him.

"Sure, why not."  Aeka accepted and sat down next to Shoji.

"What brings you here under the stars?"  Asked Shoji.

"Actually, I was wondering about the same thing."

"I just wanted to enjoy my first night on Earth by sleeping out here."

"I see.  Well, the nights here are very tranquil.  By the way, your fight 
against Yosho was very impressive." 

"Thank you for your kind words, Princess Aeka."

"My pleasure.  If you had not slipped on that patch of mud..."

"On the contrary, I intentionally slipped."

"Oh?"  Aeka asked with a startled look. "Why would you do a thing like that?"

"Because if I hadn't, the duel would've lasted longer.  I figured that the mock 
duel was just for his practice, so I forfeited.  Yosho knew, at that moment, 
that I slipped on purpose.  We were both very tired and we needed an excuse to 
stop.  So I volunteered to take the plunge."

"Very interesting.  You are just as devious as my brother."  Aeka joked openly.

"Well, I wouldn't put it in such harsh words..."  Shoji said embarrassingly, 
rubbing the back of his head. "But yeah, I guess you can say that."

Aeka and Shoji both laughed quietly.

After a minute, the laughing gradually stopped and Shoji looked over to Aeka 
with an inquisitive look.  "Princess Aeka, can I ask you a question?"

"Sure, go ahead.  Speak your mind."

"Well, earlier today, as we walked towards the shrine.  I've noticed that you 
were in deep thought.  What seems to be troubling you?"

Aeka was taken aback by Shoji's question. "Well..., it is somewhat of a personal 
nature." 

"I'm sorry to have asked.  Please accept my deep apologies for nosing in on your 
personal life."

"No! No! It is alright.  You are not here as a mere bodyguard but as an equal 
and a friend.  Besides, I am rather glad that you asked."

"You are?"

Aeka nodded.  "I needed to talk about this to someone, someway or another.  Even 
though both you and I have just met.  I know it is strange but I feel rather 
comfortable talking to you."

Shoji smiled.  "I'm flattered.  I have to admit.  Even though you're the Crown 
Princess of Jurai, I feel as though you're not.  You make me feel like an equal 
and I appreciate the welcoming feeling." 

"You are very welcome, Shoji."

"So, now that we're friends.  What has been troubling your thoughts, in the recent hours?"

"Well it is more of a WHO than a WHAT." 

"Oh, I see..."  Shoji said, immediately figuring out Aeka's predicament. 

"Well,  I have been quite attached to a boy named Tenchi Masaki."

"You mean, the next Crown Prince of Jurai?"

"Yes."

"Where is he?  I looked forward in meeting him but he wasn't around."

"That is because he is on a date with Ryoko."

"You mean the space pirate?"

"Yes, her."  Aeka said grudgingly.

Shoji was silent and listened on as Aeka told him about the chess game, how she 
lost, and Tenchi and Ryoko's date at Naroda Beach.

Aeka continued on, holding in her tears.  "Ryoko and I have been competing for 
Tenchi's love for the past few years and now..."  Aeka paused. "Things seem to 
be taking a turn." 

"How would you know that?"  Shoji inquired.  

"I don't really know.  I just have a feeling that things will be different after 
they return tomorrow.  I just know that Tenchi will finally choose between Ryoko 
and myself within the next few days.  And I am not sure if I am prepared to 
see Ryoko walk out as the victor.  What should I do?"

"To be honest, I have no real advise as to help guide you in your situation."

"I understand..."  Aeka said disappointedly.

"But!"  Shoji added.  "All I can say is that, there's no way to predict the 
oncoming events which are about to unfold for you.  Especially, matters 
involving love.  Instead of focusing on Tenchi's choice between you and Ryoko, 
try to focus on the possible outcomes."

"But why?  What do you mean by that?"

"I mean. That way, if he chooses you, the joy will be much greater.  If he 
doesn't choose you, at 
least the pain will be much less than unexpected."

"I understand. Thank you for the advice."

"I'm sorry if it's not what you're looking for but that's the best I can give 
you."

"Don't say that.  Your advice is quite helpful.  I didn't think about my 
situation on that angle.  You sound like you have dealt with this matter 
before." 

Shoji made a bitter-sweet smile on his face.  "Yes,  I have.  I had my fair 
share of Love, just like anybody else."

"Really?  How many times have you experienced this?"  Aeka asked curiously.

"Very few and not often."

"When was the last time you ever fell in love?" Aeka asked.  She looked over and 
noticed that Shoji had a hilt of a Juraian Energy sword attached to his belt.  
She peered in carefully and noticed that the hilt had a green jewel artificially 
melded into its wooden body.

"Last year.  It was pure magic."  Shoji reminisced with a smile on his face.  
Then his smile disappeared and was replaced by a slightly sad look. "but like 
all good things, it ended." 

"I am sorry to hear that." 

"No reason to apologize.  That's how life is sometimes, harsh and yet soothing."

"That is most often true."   Aeka agreed.

Both silently listened as the sounds of the night came from the countryside and 
watched as the yellow fireflies begun to gradually disappear.

After a while of listening, Aeka was finally getting tired, she stood up. "Well, 
it is getting late.  I better leave.  It was nice having that conversation with 
you."  

"Same here, but before you leave..."

"Yes?"

"Can I ask you a small favor?"

"Sure.  Ask away."

"I know this may sound strange, but since this is my first assignment being a 
protective guardian for a crown princess, I'd prefer that you would think of me 
as your Guardian Angel, instead of a typical bodyguard.  If you have any 
problems concerning personal matters, please don't hesitate to ask for my help." 

Aeka smiled deeply at Shoji's warm sincerity.

"As you wish, Shoji.  Even though you're going to be around for a very long 
while,  I truly appreciate your intentions.  From this point on, I will think of 
you as my very own guardian angel and nothing less."

"Thank you."

"You're very welcome.  Goodnight, Shoji."

"Sleep well, princess Aeka."

Shoji watched as Aeka walked off towards the Masaki home.  As soon as she 
disappeared into the doorway,  Shoji sat down and laid back onto the grass.  He 
looked up into the starry moon-filled night and started to hum out a small tune 
from his past.  He closed his eyes and drifted into a dream state.


***


Washu's Last Toy


After returning from the beach house, Tenchi and Ryoko stood at Naroda's 
shoreline looking out to sea enjoying the cool nautical breeze.  The full moon 
was out and the night sky was filled with tiny glimmering beacons of light.

"What is it that you wanted to show me?"  Tenchi asked.

"Tenchi, do you know why I chose Naroda Beach to be the place of our first 
date?"  

"I am curious as to why or how." 

"Well, to answer your curiosity,  I was watching a small travelling program that 
showed on TV last weekend.  I became so interested because of the beauty of this 
beach." 

"You definitely have good taste on your locations." 

"Thanks, Tenchi.  But besides the obvious, there is also another reason why I 
decided on Naroda Beach."

"Oh? And what was that?"  Tenchi inquired curiously.

"Well, the Travelers show mentioned that once every month or so, when the moon 
is full and the tide is right.  With the assistance of colliding underwater 
currents, numerous glowing microscopic sea creatures would float up near the 
surface." 

"Is it close to shore?  Where would we find this occurrence?"

"About a half mile out to sea.  You don't mind do you?"

"Hmm..., sounds interesting.  How do we get there?"  Tenchi asked.

"Not to worry, I have it figured out."  Ryoko assured.  "I knew this would come 
in handy some time."  She reached into her pocket and pulled out another silver 
box.  She placed the box into the water and the box automatically unfolded into 
a small boat.  The boat was painted white and had thin red stripe that ran from 
bow to stern.  On the left side of the boat, Tenchi noticed a small red crab 
icon that held up a small flag saying; "Little Washu's Yacht".  

The boat was in the water.  Tenchi and Ryoko stepped onto the deck of the boat 
and sat down in their seats at the front.  Tenchi noticed that the boat did not 
have any type of steering mechanism or any other controls to help navigate the 
boat. 

"How does this thing work?"  Tenchi asked looking around.

"You'll see." Ryoko replied.

"Please state your destination."  Asked the boat's computer.  It had Washu's 
voice. 

"Wow..."  Tenchi said, dumbfounded.  

Ryoko giggled at Tenchi's reaction and turned towards the integrated computer 
system.  "Ok, computer.  Take us approximately half a mile out to sea."

"Gotcha."  Replied the computer. 


The Florescent Sea Creatures
  
  
The boat had arrived at the illuminated area of the ocean approximately half 
a mile from the shore. The full moon was up and the stars twinkled brightly in 
the azure sky. Tenchi and Ryoko were both fixated and amazed by the almost 
mystic quality of the luminescent sea plankton. 
  
"See what did I tell you! It's so nice to be out here..."
  
"It sure is, very peaceful." Tenchi, agreed.
  
Ryoko sat down next to Tenchi and looked into his eyes, trying to read his soul, 
or perhaps even catch a glimpse of his heart.  Feeling uncomfortable by her 
gaze, Tenchi looked away.
  
Ryoko lowered her face dejectedly as he broke eye contact.
 
<I'm never going to get through to him,>  Ryoko thought sadly, a little 
discouraged.

Refusing to give up, Ryoko reached out and grasped Tenchi's hand.  She used her 
other hand to tilt his face towards her.
  
"Tenchi...  There's something I want to tell you."
 
"W-what is it, Ryoko?"  He stuttered nervously, his warm brown eyes meeting 
Ryoko's gaze once more.
  
"I've really, really enjoyed being with you today."
  
"I-uh, have to admit, Ryoko..."  Tenchi paused a bit.  "Spending time with you 
felt..., really good."
  
"Really!?"  Ryoko asked, feeling her heart flutter with happiness.
  
Tenchi nodded slowly. Ryoko smiled, her gold eyes dancing.
  
"Would you like to swim with me, Tenchi?  It's very nice out here, neh?  You 
don't mind if you took another dip into the water.  Do you?"
  
"No, I don't mind.  Let me get ready and I'll join you in a little bit..."
  
"Alright!"  
  
Ryoko stood up Clad in her blue bikini, she jumped into the water while Tenchi 
remained onboard. Tenchi kicked off his sandals and started to get ready as 
well, when he remembered he still had his wallet and camera in his pants pocket. 
Not wanting to risk losing them, he reached into his pocket and closed his hand 
around it. As he pulled the wallet out, a piece of paper slipped out with it and 
floated  to the floor. Tenchi stared at it for a moment before realizing it was 
from the fortune telling machine he had encountered back on the shopping strip.  
As he bent down to pick up the paper, the words written on it flashed in his 
mind before he even had a chance to read them.  
 
*Cherish every precious moment you have with her...*
  
Tenchi glanced at the puzzling phrase one last time before tossing it aside and 
moving to the edge of the boat.
  
"Tenchi, hurry up and jump in!!  It's looks so cool out here!"
  
Tenchi looked over at Ryoko, who was waiting patiently in the green flourescant 
water.  She smiled at him, returning his gaze. 
  
He smiled back at her and pulled off his shirt.  Ryoko wolf whistled teasingly 
as she viewed his bare chest, grinning widely.
  
"Woohoo!  Look at that stud!"
  
Tenchi blushed and jumped into the water.  He swam over to Ryoko, smiling as she 
came into his view. He couldn't help but notice how beautiful she looked under 
the moonlight, her cyan locks damp around her face, her soft gold eyes smiling 
at him.  After a minute or so of staring in silence at her, Tenchi couldn't 
control himself any longer. In a swift, surprising move, he swam up to Ryoko and 
did his best to embrace her in the water.
  
"Tenchi...?? W-what are you...?"  Ryoko gaped, feeling her cheeks grow warm. 
  
"It's my way of thanking you for a great day.  I had a wonderful time, Ryoko.  
Most importantly, you saved Haruo's life."
  
"Don't mention it, Tenchi.  I did what I had to do." Ryoko said softly, smiling 
at him. Her heart felt ready to burst with sheer joy; she could scarcely believe 
what had just happened.
  
"Sorry if I looked frightened up there on the boat." Tenchi added sheepishly.
  
Ryoko laughed quietly, returning the hug tenderly. "Hey, it's alright, Tenchi.  
I'm used to it." 

"Used to it?" Tenchi frowned at the last remark.  "Well, that's going to surely 
change." 

"Oh?  Change in what way?"  Ryoko asked curiously with full intention of putting 
Tenchi on the spot.

Tenchi flinched.  "Uhh, well, funny you should ask that, Ryoko.  Uhh..."

"Why am I not surprised?"  Ryoko joked.
  
They suddenly realized they were sinking, due to the weight of their embrace. As 
the water line reached their necks, they laughed and without further delay, 
separated from each other. Ryoko and Tenchi turned and gazed at each other for a 
moment. Ryoko blushed and bit her lip nervously, not wanting to tear her eyes 
away from him. Tenchi swallowed hard, vaguely wondering why there seemed to be a 
swarm of butterflies in his stomach as he stared into Ryoko's feline eyes.

About a half a mile away, a dog barked from somewhere down the shore. Upon 
hearing the noise, both Tenchi and Ryoko abruptly looked away from each other. 
Not wanting disappointment to stain the incredible moment she had just shared 
with Tenchi, Ryoko decided to distract herself by exploring the lovely 
surroundings.  She drew in a deep breath and dove underwater. 
  
Hearing the quiet splash, Tenchi timidly glanced to the spot where Ryoko was and 
smiled. He sighed and told himself it was probably for the best, letting his 
thoughts drift to the fortune teller's advice.
  
Ryoko dove deeper, trying to catch a glimpse of other sea creatures which may be 
lurking in the blue ocean. Her thoughts drifted to her moments with Tenchi, she 
thought about the way he held her during the dance, the way he approached her to 
embrace in the water, she smiled.  Ryoko closed her eyes and sighed blissfully. 
Suddenly, the ocean seemed to lurch and she felt herself violently hit by surge 
of water.  Startled by the sudden disappearance of the sea creatures, Ryoko 
realized that a strong current had swept her to a deeper and darker location. 
  
<I'm gonna run out of air!  I better get to the top before I'm in really 
big trouble!>  She, thought frantically as she tried to swim towards the 
surface but the darkness of the water disoriented her and she lost all sense of 
direction.  Her eyes began to sting and her lungs began to burn from exhaustion.
  
Ryoko felt herself frightened as she desperately tried to figure out a way out 
of the black, freezing water.  The cold isolation started to resurface memories 
she preferred to have kept buried in the far depths of her mind. Memories 
of her long, torturous 700 year imprisonment in the Masaki cave.  Unpleasant 
thoughts started to ruthlessly flood her mind.  And worse, she was far away from 
Tenchi.  The thought of not being able to be see Tenchi ever again filled her 
with terror and caused Ryoko to panic in the water.   
  
Meanwhile, Tenchi was still waiting for Ryoko to resurface.  He looked at his 
sports watch and realized that he had already been waiting for nearly three 
minutes.
  
Tenchi frowned and decided to look for Ryoko. He dove underwater and swam 
around the vicinity, searching the waters for a few minutes.  She was nowhere to 
be found.  Tenchi resurfaced, hoping to find her on the surface.  His throat 
tightened in fear upon seeing she wasn't.
  
"Ryoko!  Can you hear me?!"  Tenchi called out frantically in every direction. 
  	
No response.
  
"Not again.  Where are you, Ryoko!!"

Deep in the black ocean, Ryoko fought to keep the seawater from flooding 
into her mouth.
  
After a few moments of desperate struggle, the remaining air finally escaped her 
lungs and she took in a mouthful of liquid, she helplessly watched her 
surroundings began to blur and fade.  She felt her thoughts drift into 
nothingness.
   
Feeling herself lose consciousness, Ryoko focused her last thought on Tenchi...
  
As Tenchi continued his search for Ryoko, underwater, he felt an alarm bell go 
off in his mind.  He had felt this sensation twice before, once in the Souja, 
before his battle with Kagato, and once in Washu's lab, when the whole Zero 
business had begun.  He heard Ryoko's voice calling out his name.
  
Acting more on instinct and feeling than on rational thought, Tenchi dove even 
deeper.  As he reached a certain depth, he recognized the first signs of an 
existing undercurrent.  The temperature shifted from warm to cold when suddenly, 
Tenchi felt a rush of water surround his body and rapidly carry him off into the 
abyss.  After a few seconds of fighting the pressure, the current finally slowed 
down. Tenchi regained his composure, he continued his search, somehow feeling 
Ryoko's presence somewhere nearby. 
  
Off in the distance, Tenchi spotted a familiar light glowing dimly and 
realized that it was emitted from Ryoko's gem.
  
Tenchi quickly swam towards the beacon and to his horror, found Ryoko suspended 
in mid-water. She didn't appear to be conscious.  Trying his best to keep panic 
from overwhelming him, Tenchi got a hold on Ryoko and slowly ascended back to 
the surface.
 
He finally broke the ocean surface and screamed for Washu's boat.  The boat 
immediately rushed towards them. Tenchi tiredly climbed onto the boat and pulled 
Ryoko after him. Once inside the boat, Tenchi frantically checked Ryoko's vital 
signs and felt a cold fear in his stomach when he didn't find any. Without 
hesitating, he went to enact what he had learned in the health classes he had 
thought to be so boring in school.  

Tenchi turned Ryoko over, laying her flat on her back and placed a hand on her 
forehead, tilting her head and clearing her airway. He leaned forward, closing 
her nose with one hand and pressed his mouth against hers, breathing deeply into 
her. He paused, watching her chest rise, then continued blowing in breath after 
breath of air into her mouth.  
  
"Come on!  Breathe!" Tenchi yelled, his brown eyes filled with fear.
  
Tenchi put his hands together above Ryoko's mid-chest and started to 
rhythmically press her heart, trying to start up blood flow. 
  
"Don't you dare give up on me, Ryoko!  I know you!  Don't you dare leave me  
like this!"  Tenchi cried out as he pumped. 
  	
'Cherish every precious moment you have with her..."  The haunting words 
kept going through Tenchi's mind as he struggled to save Ryoko.
  
"You're stronger than this, Ryoko!  Please, do something to let me know you're 
still here!"
  
He blew in another deep breath into Ryoko's mouth.  After each breath, Tenchi 
pumped her chest, and vice versa, alternating the actions with each movement.  
The ordeal seemed to last a lifetime, with no visible results. Tenchi bit his 
lip hard to keep from screaming in fear and frustration, but he refused to give 
up. As the minutes passed, he felt hope start to diminish. Pumping Ryoko's 
chest, Tenchi shut his eyes tightly and silently prayed.

Suddenly, his prayer seemed to be answered as Ryoko convulsed and spat out the 
seawater that had filled her lungs.  She turned from side to side, coughing 
violently then stopped and laid still, gulping in air. Tenchi watched her in 
silence as his eyes welled up with tears of joy and relief.  Ryoko lay quietly 
on the deck, catching her breath and adjusting to the atmosphere.  
  
After a moment of uneasy silence, Ryoko burst into tears. She tried to turn 
away, wanting to avoid Tenchi's concerned  gaze, but her body felt weak and 
heavy, and she wouldn't respond. Tenchi bolted forward and pulled Ryoko into his 
arms, hugging her as tightly as he could.
  	
"Don't you ever swim away from me like that ever again!  I thought I'd lost 
you!" he whispered in her ear, his voice thick with tears. Ryoko barely managed 
a dazed nod and closed her eyes, leaning exhaustedly against him.

"Computer!  Take us back to shore!"  Tenchi commanded loudly at the boat.

"Gotcha."  Said the computer.
  
Tenchi grabbed a wool blanket that lay nearby and wrapped it around Ryoko, then 
sat down and held her tightly against him, rubbing her arms occasionally. They 
sat in this position for the remainder of the boat ride, neither of them 
speaking. Ryoko was very still and quiet, tears slowly trickling down her 
cheeks. Worried by her silence,  Tenchi glanced at her and saw her tears. He 
gently tried to wipe them away with the back of his hand. 
  
"It's alright, it's okay.  You're safe now." he whispered in a soft, reassuring 
tone.
  
Ryoko remained silent, her mind still in shock from the experience she had 
endured.


Safe Haven


Tenchi quickly opened the door to the beach house.  He carried Ryoko through the 
hallway into the replica of his room.  As he walked, he looked down at her to 
see how she was doing, he felt Ryoko shivering in his arms.  He quickened the 
pace and finally reached the door to the room.  Tenchi walked in and carefully 
placed Ryoko onto a nearby bed.  Ryoko sat upright near the edge of the bed 
staring blankly at the floor, looking very vulnerable.  Tenchi stared at her 
with great concern.  

"Everything will be alright, Ryoko." Tenchi assured, putting a hand on her 
shoulders. "I'll look for something for you to wear."  He quickly stepped over 
to a nearby closet, hoping to find any dry clothes.  Tenchi opened the closet 
door and browsed through the selection of shirts and pajamas.  

Tenchi chose a set of pajamas that consisted of white pants and button up shirt 
then walked over to Ryoko and noticed that she was too exhausted to change from 
her wet swimsuit.  But before he can actually change her, he had to wash away 
all the salt water from her body.  Tenchi noticed the faraway look on Ryoko's 
expression,  he became even more concerned.  He guided her into the shower room, 
Tenchi looked the other way as Ryoko took off her bikini.  After Ryoko took her 
bikini off, Tenchi walked out of the bathroom and headed back towards the 
bedroom.

Throughout the four minute shower, the hot water cascaded her entire body, Ryoko 
tried to wash away her frustration.  Suddenly, due to her fatigue, Ryoko's leg 
trembled, she slipped and fell onto the wet-tiled floor.  She silently growled, 
slowly, she stood up and leaned against the walls of the shower.  Ryoko tilted 
her head up, allowing her face to be bombarded by streaming warm water.  With 
all the strength she had that remained, Ryoko punched the shower wall.  Ryoko looked down and her body trembled.  After a silent moment, tears of frustration mix in with the hot shower water.  Tenchi waited in the bedroom while Ryoko did her final rinse off.  Then she turned the faucet over.  Ryoko stepped out from the shower, grabbed a nearby towel and dried off.  After she dried off, Ryoko grabbed the pajamas Tenchi handed her and slipped into them.  The white pajamas fitted snuggly and comfortably.  Ryoko walked about clumsily, suddenly, her exhaustion overtook her and she collapsed onto the floor.

Hearing a loud thump emanating from the hallway, Tenchi walked out of the 
bedroom and found Ryoko lying on the floor, unconscious.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled, full of worry, as he ran to her.  He picked up Ryoko in 
his arms and carried her towards the bedroom. 

He opened the door and placed Ryoko onto to a nearby bed.  Tenchi pulled the 
sheets over to one side and gently tucked Ryoko in.  He pulled the sheets over 
Ryoko to keep her warm.  Tenchi stood up and stared at her with worried eyes.

Too consumed with anxiety to stay in Ryoko's presence, Tenchi walked out of the 
room and headed off to the balcony.  On his way to the balcony, Tenchi grabbed a 
blanket and pillow from a closet to sleep with.  Tenchi reached the balcony and 
seated himself down on the largest pull-back patio chair, planning to sleep 
silently under the stars.  Tenchi sat down, positioned his pillow, he laid back 
and looked up at the peaceful starry twilight.  He let out a long sigh.

<What a day.>  He thought exhaustedly.  <Ryoko won't say a word to me.  Can't 
say that I blame her.  She was nearly killed today.>

Meanwhile back in the bedroom,  Ryoko opened her eyes and realized that she was 
in bed.  She knew right away Tenchi had placed her there.  She angrily pushed 
the blanket off and limped her way towards the patio.

Tenchi sighed and decided to go to sleep.  He sat up and pulled off his watch 
from his wrist.  Tenchi checked the time and the watch read five minutes before 
midnight.  As Tenchi placed his wrist watch onto the patio table, he felt a 
presence.

"Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked, leaning against the doorway.

"Ryoko?!"  Tenchi said, surprised.  "What are you doing here?  You should be in 
bed, getting some rest!"

"I know..."  Ryoko said and looked away shamefully.  

"Do you?  Then why are you standing there?  C'mon, let me help you get back to 
your bed."  

Tenchi stood up and walked over to Ryoko.  He gently took her arm and was about 
to guide Ryoko back to her but she forcefully pulled away.

"I don't want to go back to that room, Tenchi." 

"Why not?  You need your rest."

"No.  I'm fine."  Ryoko refused again.  "I just don't want to be left alone.  
Not after what happened."

With all her strength, Ryoko stepped away from the doorway, but her legs started 
to falter.  Tenchi immediately caught Ryoko between his arms.  He guided her to 
the patio chair that Tenchi had used.  They both sat down.  Tenchi gazed at 
Ryoko with great concern but she looked away.  

"Please Tenchi, don't look at me like that.  Not while I'm looking like this."
Ryoko said, tears welling up in her eyes.

Tenchi was clearly startled by Ryoko's last statement. 

"What do you mean by that, Ryoko?"

"Just take a look at me, Tenchi!" Ryoko yelled out.  Tears going down her 
cheeks.  "I'm weak!  I can't believe that for a few short hours I was the 
Rescuer and now, I'm the Rescuee!  I nearly drowned today!"

"But..."

Ryoko cuts Tenchi off.  "Me!  Drowning!  I don't believe this!  Nearly all my 
life, I believed I was strong and almost nothing could take me down!  Not even 
fate!  I chose today to go without my powers and in return, fate played games 
with me!"

"That may be but..."  Tenchi tried to jump in but failed.

"I was so foolish to go a day without my powers!  I've never felt so weak and 
pitiful in all my life!"  Ryoko yelled angrily, held her arms up clenching her 
fists.

"Ryoko..."  Tenchi said but it was futile.

"I'll never play little miss weak again!  Never!  This is the last time I'm ever 
going to go without my powers!  The things I do to win your love!"

As Ryoko screamed and cursed herself, Tenchi was at a loss.  He couldn't think 
of a way to calm Ryoko's frustration.  He stared at Ryoko's face and noticed the 
cascade of tears flowing from her pained golden eyes.

"You just don't realize how much hurt it's caused me!  I thought I was back in 
the cave!"  She said, her voice heavy and shaky.  "I've never felt so alone, so 
cold, so weak, so...stupid!!!"

Tenchi's brow raised at Ryoko's last remark.  He became more engrossed into her 
emotional babble.

<Cherish every precious moment you have with her...>  Sparked through Tenchi's 
mind for the very last time.

"I am such an idiot to come here without my powers!  No! Not an idiot, more of 
an imbecile!"
  
At the spur of the moment, Tenchi immediately embraced Ryoko and muffled her babble with a carefully timed kiss.  Shocked by Tenchi's unexpected move,  Ryoko's grasp of her tough-girl-persona slipped,  her arms relaxed, she unclenched her fists and relaxed in Tenchi's arms.  She felt his caring energy flow from her lips which brought peace to her frantic soul.  Ryoko felt her mind calm as she experienced Tenchi's lips kissing along her lips.  This was her VERY first kiss, it felt like an invisible blanket had wrapped around her, keeping her warm and secure.  A long, slow, warm tear rolled down her left cheek, she knew at that moment, that she was inside... 

As Tenchi kissed Ryoko, he opened his eyes and found himself lip-locking with 
the cyan-haired beauty.  His tact to calm Ryoko had worked.  Slowly, Tenchi pulled away from Ryoko's lips, he gazed into her tearful golden eyes and hugged her tighter.

"Don't punish yourself like that!  Going on without your powers is besides the 
point! Don't you realize that I've nearly lost you today! I never realized IT 
until to-!"  He corrected himself.  "Until now!"

"Tenchi...I..."

"Please..."  Tenchi said softly.  "Don't say another word, you've said enough as 
of tonight.  I know you don't want to be left alone, don't you worry,  I'm here 
right now.  I won't leave you alone.  I know what you're going through, so 
please, just sleep it off.  I'll be right here, right next to you, to keep your 
troubles away. "

Ryoko's sad look disappeared from her face, she nodded slightly.  Both quietly 
laid back against the chair.  Ryoko rested her head on Tenchi's chest and 
gathered the warmth of his gentle soul.  Tenchi carefully placed his arms around 
her as if trying to wrap the night around her.  Ryoko closed her eyes and 
immediately succumbed to her exhaustion.  Tenchi watched as Ryoko fell into 
slumber, he felt her tense body finally relax.  Then he pulled the blanket over 
Ryoko to keep her warm from the cool sea breeze.  He looked at the sleeping Oni 
and felt the returning presence of Ryoko's powers.  Tenchi looked under the 
blanket and saw Ryoko's gem emitting a bright brilliant light, he smiled.  He 
looked up at the numerous constellations that decorated the night sky.  The day 
was one hell of a roller coaster ride, emotionally.  Tenchi sighed and gazed 
back at Ryoko.  He held her tighter in his arms and felt the comforting warmth 
emanating from her.  Tenchi rested his head against Ryoko's and closed his 
eyes.  

As his mind drifted off, Tenchi knew that from that point on, he will do his 
best to cherish every precious moment with Ryoko....

Ryoko?  

No.  

Not just Ryoko.

His Ryoko. 



To Be Continued... 



Alright folks, choose a new ending song...


Song #1

Fly Me to the Moon
By CLAIRE

Fly me to the moon
And let me play among the stars
Let me see what spring is like 
On Jupiter and Mars

In other words,
Hold my hand
In other words,
Darling kiss me.

Fill my heart with song
And let me sing forever more
You are all I long for
All I worship and adore!

In other words,
Please be true!
In other words,
I love you... 

Only you...


Song #2


Nobody Does It Better
By
Marvin Hamlisch and Carole Bayer Sager

Nobody does it better
Makes me feel sad for the rest
Nobody does it, half as good as you
Baby, you're the best 

I wasn't looking, but somehow you found me
I tried to hide from your love by...
Like heaven above me, The Oni who loved me
'Cause keeping all my secrets safe tonight!

And, Nobody does it better
Though sometimes I wish someone could...
Nobody does it...
Quite the way you do
Why'd you have to be so good!

The way that you hold me
Whenever you hold me
There's some kind of magic inside of you
That keeps me from running
But just keep it coming!
How'd you learn to do the things you do

And, Nobody does it better
Makes me feel sad for the rest
Nobody does it, half as good as you
Baby, baby!  
Darling you're the best!
Baby, you're the best!

Or whatever song you choose.

Author's note:

Well folks, there you have it!  You have just read the most important chapter of 
the whole FF series!  Tenchi had finally chosen!  I have to admit, it was a 
great challenge of writing this chapter, I hope you enjoyed it!  Tell me what 
you think!

Special Thanks goes out to Ryoko MR (especially), Random, Lord Talon, Cman1701, Laith and of course the Crazy Aussie man, Sir Bean.

