Disclaimer:  The characters are property of  Pioneer and AIC.  Only two
characters are mine.  Please don't sue me.  I am not doing this for money.
I am doing it just for fun.

Tenchi Muyo
Ryoko's Precious Secret
Chapter 3:  Worries

        "It has been two hours, since Ryoko has been unconscious."  Tenchi
said as he walked to the door.  "It has been raining for two hours.  What am
I going to do?"

Tenchi looked behind him.  Ayeka was sitting on the couch.  She looked to be
in some form of shock.

‘Ryoko, I will keep my promise.  It hurts me to think that you will not see
your son grow up, but I will raise him.  I will not raise him my way, but
your way.  I just wish you could see it.'  Ayeka thought to herself.

"Ayeka?"  Tenchi asked.  He was worried about her.  She has not said
anything since Ryoko spoke to her.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi."

"Are you okay?"

"I am fine.  I was just thinking about Ryoko's request.  She trusts me out
of everyone here to raise her son.  Why?"  Ayeka's eyes showed that she was
looking at him for the answer.

"Why not?  You heard her.  You are the first crown princess of Jurai, the
most powerful empire in the universe.  You can protect her child from
whoever is after him."  He paused and took a deep breath.  "And I want to
help you, Sasami, and Washu raise him."

"She knew you would."  Ayeka began to cry again.

Tenchi sat down right beside her.  He slowly moved her to him, until her
head was on his shoulder.

‘I have to be strong.  Everyone here needs me to be.'  Tenchi thought.

He looked around, and realized something was missing.  He slowly pulled
Ayeka away, and looked into her eyes.

"Are you going to be okay?"  He asked.

"I will be fine."  Ayeka said and then she rubbed her eyes.

"That's good."  He glanced around one more time.  " Where is Ryshu?"

" I don't know." Ayeka said as she looked around for the cyan haired boy
too.

"He is on the beam where Ryoko used to sleep."  Said Lord Katshito as he
walked into the room.

Tenchi and Ayeka jumped to where Ryshu was.  They looked and he was asleep,
but he was shivering.

"He must be cold."  Tenchi said.

"I will go get him a blanket."  Ayeka said.

Just as Ayeka jumped down, Ryshu woke up and yelled, "Mommy!"

He jumped down and ran toward Washu's lab.  He felt the cold wind and the
power of the bad man his mother warned him of, and now he has to get her and
warn her.

(In Washu's lab)

Washu was in her lab trying to figure away to keep Ryoko alive.

"I can't stand looking at you like this."  Washu said to the unconscious
Ryoko in front of her.

Then, Washu was startled by loud, siren.  She immediately ran to one of the
machines and watched the data appear on the monitor.

"No!  Not now!"  She cried in panic.  "I can't lose her now.  It is too
early."   Washu began to pump electricity through Ryoko's body with one of
the machines cords attached to Ryoko.

"Come on.  Dammit!  Don't leave us Ryoko.  We all need you."  She began to
do CPR.  "My own daughter would not give up so easily.  Breathe!"  Sweat and
tears began to fall down Washu's face.  She was angry and afraid of losing
her daughter.  There was so much she wanted to do with Ryoko.  "Damn you,
Ryoko!  What about your son, Ryshu?  Are you just going to leave him?  Wake
up.   WAKE UP!"  Washu screamed as she tried to beat air into Ryoko's lungs.
She was about to start the CPR again, when she felt a cold wind run down her
spine.  She looked down at Ryoko.   Ryoko's body was shivering too, then it
went into convulsion after the cold breeze left.

"I must get Tenchi down here at once."

But Washu was startled by loud cry of a small boy.

 "Mommy!"  Cried Ryshu.  "It is here."

Ryshu ran to his mother's bedside.  He took her hand and shook it.

"Mommy, wake up! He is here.  He is after us."  He began to cry as soon as
he realized that she is not going to get up.  "I know you told me that this
would happen, but don't leave me."

"What?  Why did she teach you death?"  Washu asked in surprise that Ryoko
had taught him about death.  She already knew why.  But could her daughter
be that smart or really stupid.  ‘I guess it was pretty smart at least he
won't wait to see if she will ever wake up and kill himself in the process.
She wanted him to live on his own, so he can get away from whatever is after
them."

The boy began to cry.  He missed his mother hugging and kissing him good
night.  "Why did you have to die now?  I need you Mommy.  The bad wind is
here."

Tenchi and Ayeka came running in.

"Ayeka go take Ryshu out of here and try to calm him down."  Washu ordered.

"Yes Washu.  Come here Ryshu."  Ayeka said and took Ryshu by the hand and
led him outside of the lab.

"Did you feel that cool breeze that happened a few seconds ago?"  Washu
asked as she finally settled Ryoko's convulsing body.

"Yes, I did.  Why?"  Tenchi asked.

"I was trying to bring Ryoko back to life through CPR, when..."

"What?"  Tenchi interrupted in anger.  "She was dying and you didn't tell
anyone."

"Tenchi let me explain."  Washu begged.

"No!  You listen to me.  She died and no one had a chance to say goodbye."
Tenchi said as bitterness and anger rose within him.

"But, Tenchi."  Washu complained.

"No buts."  Tenchi roared.

"She is still ALIVE!"  Washu yelled at the top of her lungs.

"What?"  Tenchi asked in a whisper as the words were sinking into his mind.

"She is still alive."  Washu repeated after taking heavy breath.  She took
another breath and continued, "I don't know what happened, but after that
cold breeze Ryoko began to shiver violently.  If she was dead, she couldn't
shiver.  After the breeze, Ryoko showed life signs on my monitor.  So, she
is alive for now, but I can't say for how long.  She must be stronger than I
thought."  Washu said as she sat down on her cushioned seat next to the
sleeping cyan haired girl.

"She's alive."  Tenchi whispered as he was still trying to gather his
emotions together of what has just happened.

Washu could only nod her head in agreement.  She found herself unable to
speak.  All that has happened in the short time left the greatest scientific
genius in shock.

"How?"  Tenchi asked as he was finally able to deal with the situation.

"We...we...well."  Washu mumbled.  She tried with all her might to fight
back her emotions, and speak.  "Well, I guess it has to be that cold breeze
that we all felt."  She started to think and remember what little Ryshu
said.

"Can you explain in more detail?"  Tenchi asked as he was uncertain with how
a cool breeze could bring someone back to life.

Washu nodded in agreement and said, "Ryshu ran in here right after that cold
breeze came in.  He was complaining about it being here.  I am guessing that
would be our enemy.  After that, it was like pure will drove Ryoko to come
back to life.  She wasn't going to leave him alone after all.  But, this is
all in theory."  Washu explained.

Tenchi gave Washu a nod of understanding and asked, "Washu, can you let me
be alone with her, and check on Ryshu and Ayeka?"

Washu starred at Tenchi for a while, then said, "I understand.  If something
wrong happens while I am away, push that red button in front of you on
Ryoko's bed.  I will be here within the blink of an eye."

Tenchi said, "I understand."

He watched as Washu left the lab and turned his head to look at Ryoko.  Her
breath was sounded so smooth, so soft.  He has never seen her breathe so
peacefully.  Usually when he looks at her, she is always drunk, or in a
fight with someone.  She never seemed to be in peace until now.  He moved
closer to her bedside.  He reached his hand over and rubbed a strand of
Ryoko's cyan hair in between his two fingers.

"So soft."  He spoke as he felt that there might be away to save her.

He looked at Washu's monitor on the right.  There were a few words that
caught his attention instantly.  The words flashed in his head, ‘Estimated
time until death: twenty minutes.'  He hoped this would work.  If Tsunami
can do it to bring him back to life, surely ha can too.  He knew that
Tsunami couldn't do it for Ryoko because Sasami has been sick once she found
out about Ryoko's situation.
He heard a grunt and looked down at Ryoko.  She was still unconscious, but
the pain was getting worse were even a deep sleep would not stop her for
noticing it.  Tenchi saw blood flow out of her mouth, and watched flow down
her cheek to the bed.  He drained all the blood out of her mouth, so she
doesn't drown in her own blood.

"I will make everything better for you, Ryoko."  Tenchi said in a soft
soothing voice as he placed his hand on her forehead.

Tenchi closed his eyes.  He concentrated on his energy in his body.  It only
works when he is afraid, but he had to do it this time on his own without
the help of fear.  He slowly concentrated deeper on his own energy, until he
can feel its warmth.  Then, memories of Kagato, Tokemi, and Yuzuha appeared.
He felt the power of run through him.  It became so much that he had to open
his eyes.  He looked and saw the light hawk sword in front of him.  He
concentrated on the power around him and the sword to reform the light hawk
wings.  He watched as the light hawk wings appeared.  The energy made him
feel stronger and almost invincible.  He looked back at Ryoko and turned the
energy into a sphere that surrounded him.  He walked to her and bent over to
lay his forehead with hers.  He gently placed his forehead on hers.  He
stood up to see a small bead of his energy was laying on Ryoko's forehead.

He smiled and said, "Ryoko!  If you can hear me try to keep the will you had
before when that cold breeze blew over your body."

A tear fell down his cheek as he put his hand on her cheek and leaned over
and kissed her.  He could taste the blood that was in her mouth.  It didn't
matter this had to be done.  He closed his eyes and concentrated his energy
into his head.  Tenchi slowly breathed into her mouth as he kissed her.  He
felt the energy he summoned flow through him and into Ryoko's mouth.  He
stood up, and looked at Ryoko.

"I hope this works."  Tenchi said to himself.

Ryoko was surrounded by the white light that was Tenchi's energy.  It
started to get smaller as if she was absorbing it.

"That's it Ryoko keep concentrating.  This will replace the energy you lost
until yours is back."  Tenchi said as hope formed on his smiling face.

He looked at the monitor to see that the time of death clock was gone.
Instead it read, "Regain consciousness in two minutes.

Tenchi pushed the red button.  He looked in front of him to see the red
haired scientist looking at Ryoko.

"What is wrong?"  The worried scientist asked.

"Nothing is wrong.  I wanted you to be here for when she awakes."  Tenchi
said with happiness as a smile formed on his face.

"What?  But, how?"  Washu asked in confusion.

"I used the light hawk wings to save her.  I knew the dangers, but she was
suffering and I didn't want to lose her.  I had to do it Washu.  She was
going to die."  Tenchi replied with guilt.  He knew he could have killed her
with the wrong thought, but at least she would die quickly and have to
suffer like she was.

"I am not mad.  I was shocked because of what you would have to do."  Washu
said as she still could not believe what she was hearing.

"I know I had to kiss her.  It was the only way to let my energy inside.  I
know that I could have died from giving her my life energy, but I figured
with light hawk wings it would just drain me a little and I will have all my
strength back by tomorrow."  Tenchi said as he didn't care what Washu
thought because it worked.

"I know, but do you know the consequence of your actions?"  Washu asked
hoping that he knew what he just did.

"No.  I don't know what the consequences were.  Will one of us die because
of this?"  Tenchi asked in worry.

"Nope.  It is that you gave her your power and life energy."  Washu
explained trying to see if Tenchi had a clue, yet.

"Yeah, so?"  Tenchi asked.

"So, because you gave her your life energy it is like being two beings in
one."  Washu said with eagerness.

"Washu in simple terms.  Please."  Tenchi begged.

"It means that you and Ryoko are one.  It is like marriage.  Therefore, you
better get used to being around her.  You both can read each other's
thoughts and share life energy.  But, it is not you I am worried about.  If
she doesn't like you like her wild side did than you are in big trouble."

"I see.  I guess I must try to win her heart and tell the others the news."
Tenchi replied.

"You mean you are going to do it."  Washu said.

"Yes, I am.  When Ryoko gets up, I will win her heart and marry her.  And,
together we can raise and protect Ryshu."  Tenchi said with hope in his
eyes.

They both looked at the time.  It was only thirty seconds until she is
awake.
To be continued...

I hoped you like it.  It was a long while for Ryoko to awaken, but it will
be worth it.  E-mail me what you think of my story at washu@saiyan.com.
Enjoy because chapter 4 is coming up.