Tenchi Muyo: Ryoko's Love Alpha!
Chapter 1A: A Friendly Wager
By  Long T. Tran
3/21/98


Disclaimer:


I don't own these characters, AIC/Pioneer owns them. I don't intend to make 
money off this because I don't want to get a lawsuit.  I'm too poor for that.  
But this is my story, so don't plagiarize!


Author's Notes:


We are going retro a few years!  This chapter will start a year or two before 
Yui's birth. From this chapter on,  we will see as events unfold and gradually 
shape the time line that'll head the Tenchi cast into Ryoko's Return Pt.2 .  IN 
other words, let's not worry about the year 2018,  and just enjoy brand new 
series of stories.  (A prequel series to Ryoko's Love Prologue.)



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



It's another beautiful day at the Okayama countryside, after a hard day's work 
in the fields, Tenchi was on his way going up to his grandfather's shrine.  
Tired, miffed, and exhausted, he walked up to the shrine's office door and 
knocked.

"Yes, who is it?" Yosho asked through the door. 

"Grandpa, I've finished working on the fields."  Tenchi said through the closed 
door.  

"Very good, Tenchi."

"Is there anything else you want me to do?"

"No, that will be all for now.  Why don't you go and wash up."

"Alright." Tenchi replied.  Tenchi walks the way back to the Masaki House.

As Tenchi walked away from the shrine, Yosho was making sure that the coast was 
clear.  Ryoko was sitting across the table sipping her saucer of sake as quietly 
as possible.  Yosho turned to her and grinned.

"I think it's safe for us to talk now, Ryoko."  Yosho said, sipping his cup of 
tea. 

"Thanks, Yosho, for taking the time to chat."

"My pleasure, Miss Ryoko.  Please continue what you're saying."

"Well, you know how much I'm attracted to your grandson."

"Yes, I'm aware.  Are you going to ask for another blessing to marry 
Tenchi?"  

"Oh no!  Uhh,...I was wondering, could you play a game of chess with me?" Ryoko 
asked.

"Chess?" Yosho said, astonished.

"Yep!" Ryoko said happily.  She reached into her blue gossamer dress and pulled 
out a wooden chess board.  Having placed the board on the table in front of 
Yosho, she waited for his response. 

"Why do you want to play a game of chess with me?" he asked curiously.

"Well, I've only played this game once in my entire lifetime." Ryoko said. "I 
just wanted to see how well I play up against you, you know, a challenge."   

<Hmm, I wonder...this could turn out very interesting.> Yosho thought to 
himself.  Yosho looked at the board and then faced Ryoko and smiled. <Does she 
realize who she's up against?> 

"Very well, let us begin."

"Oh yes!  Great!  Thank you Yosho!"  Ryoko exclaimed.

A half hour later...

Ryoko looked up at Yosho with growing frustration.  Things didn't turn out the 
way she expected it to be.  Yosho was in his usual calm obviously focused on 
his next move.  

<I wanted a 'little' challenge but this is too much.>  Ryoko thought to herself 
frowning. 

Yosho made his move and slid his chess piece.  "Your move, Ryoko."  He said.

Ryoko slammed her piece and looked up at him.  "Checkmate!" Ryoko yelled.

"I don't understand this!"  Yosho said with disbelief.

"Yosho," Ryoko gasped  with a veiled hint of concern.  "That's the three 
straight games you've lost in just a half hour.  Are you sure you've played this 
game before?"

"Yes.  I've been playing this game all my life." Yosho replied. "But,...I'm not 
clear on one thing.  You said, you only played once?"

"Yes,  I swear!  I've only played this game one time."  

"Then I have to admit, Ryoko.  You're a most superior player."

"Ok, thanks, I guess that's proof enough."  Ryoko smiled.

***

A few minutes later, at the Masaki house.  Aeka and Sasami were in the living 
room watching a TV show when Ryoko suddenly materialized in front of Aeka's 
view.

"Ryoko!" Aeka yelled angrily. "Would you please get out of the way!  I'm trying 
to watch a soap opera!" 

"Sorry to rain on your parade there, Princess."  Ryoko grinned. "But I have 
something that might interest you."

"What can you possibly have that would interest me?" 

"Well, this!"  Ryoko smiled and brought out the chess board from her blue dress.

"A chess board?" The princess paused momentarily and then frowned at Ryoko with 
suspicion.  "What are you up to, this time?"    

"Ohh...nothing really." She smirked. "Actually, I just wanted to find out if you 
knew how to play chess."  

"I didn't know you play chess, Ryoko." Sasami interrupted.

"I sure do, Sasami.  Do you know how to play?"

"No not really, but I'm willing to learn."  Said the little princess. Then 
Sasami looked at her watch.  "Well, it's time for me to go cook.  I'll talk to 
you later."   

Ryoko watched as Sasami left the living room and disappeared into the kitchen 
then she turned to Aeka.  "Well, princess.  Do you know how to play or don't 
you?"  

"I know how to play chess.  But I wouldn't play it against a monster woman like 
you."

"Oh, is that right?!"  Ryoko growled.

"Yes, that's right!" 

Ryoko quickly buried her anger towards Aeka and focused back to her original 
objective and smiled.   

"Ok, fine.  What if I were to offer you a small friendly wager?"

"What could you possibly offer?  I doubt that you have anything to wager on 
except for your stupid dress tails."

"Even if it didn't involve Tenchi?"  Ryoko grinned deviously.

"What did you say?"  Aeka stunned and turned to Ryoko and gave her a threatening 
gaze.  "I'm warning you Ryoko, you better not be planning anything."

"What's the matter, little girl?  Scared?  Frightened that I will get to Tenchi 
before you can?"

"I'm not intimidated by you, demon."  Aeka spoke undaunted.

"You are too much, Aeka!"  Ryoko laughed mockingly.

"What are you laughing about?  What's so funny?"

"You thought that I was going to get Tenchi by stealing him away from you?"

"Isn't that why you're here?  Isn't that what you have always been doing?"

"Of course, that's why I'm here.  But to make things a little different and 
interesting.  I'm going to try to get to him fair and square."

"You're joking right?  You?  Playing fair?   I find that very hard to believe."

"Well believe it, sister.  I won't be using any parlor tricks."

"I still doubt it.  Why the sudden change?"

"That's a good question in which I'll be more than happy to answer." 

***

An hour later, Tenchi contentedly arrived at the house after a needed bathing in 
the floating onsen.  He smiled and thought contently about washing away all his 
soreness from work; now, the only thing that bothered him was his hunger.

As Tenchi walked through the back door he immediately spotted Ryoko and Aeka 
sitting around the living room table, their attention locked onto the chess 
board.  Miraculously, the girls didn't notice his arrival. Usually they would 
greet him at the door and latch on to him, and when they grabbed him, a fight 
between them would usually occur.  Whenever Ryoko and Aeka fought, Tenchi would 
usually be the one stuck with the bill to repair the damages.  

Not wanting to ruin a perfect day, he decided not to disturb the girls.  Heading 
straight towards the kitchen to see what little Sasami was cooking up, he 
discreetly walked through the kitchen door and savored the mouth watering aroma 
of Sasami's fried noodles.

"Oh!  Hello Tenchi!" Sasami said, smiling happily while she fried a pan of 
noodles.  The little toddler Ryo-ohki was at the kitchen counter helping sort 
the vegetables on to a platter.  Ryo-ohki turned around and greeted Tenchi.

"Hello, Ryo-ohki." Tenchi waved and then noticed that Mihoshi wasn't around to 
help Sasami prepare the food.  "Where's Mihoshi?  I thought today was her day 
off."  Tenchi asked Sasami.

"The Galaxy Police Headquarters called her in for an emergency meeting,  she'll 
be back in a few days."  Sasami answered.

"Oh, I see."  Tenchi replied and thought about Ryoko and Aeka.  "Hey, Sasami?"

"Yes, Tenchi?"

"How long has it been since Ryoko and Aeka started playing chess?"  Tenchi 
inquired.

"I think about an hour.  They've played about two games now.  Ryoko has beaten 
Aeka in both matches."

"Who challenged whom?"

"Ryoko challenged Aeka."

"Really?"  

"Yep."

"Why would Ryoko do that?"  Tenchi asked with even more curiosity.

"I think because she's bored.  At first Aeka refused to play when Ryoko offered.

"What changed her mind?"

"Ryoko made an offer Aeka couldn't refuse.  Actually, not an offer, something 
more like a bet."

"Which is what?"

"If Aeka wins three out of five games of chess,  Ryoko will take on all the 
chores for a month."

"Ryoko wagered to do ALL the chores?!"  Tenchi exclaimed with shock and 
disbelief.

"That's right."  Sasami replied as she poured the pan of noodles on to Ryo-
ohki's vegetable platter.

"For a whole entire month?!  What happens if Ryoko wins?"

"If Ryoko wins, she'll get one chance to play a game of chess with you."

"Oh Tenchi!"  Ryoko yelled out from the living room.  "Come  on into the living 
room, Tenchi!

"Uh oh.  Why do I have a bad feeling about this?"  Tenchi sighed.  "I'm going to 
go check and see what's up.  I'll see you later at dinner time."

"Alright, Tenchi.  Good luck.  I'm almost done with cooking, I'll be out 
shortly."

Tenchi walked out of kitchen and found Aeka walking up to her room looking very 
defeated.  While Ryoko was resetting the chess pieces, Tenchi turned to Aeka 
with concern.

"Are you feeling alright, Aeka?"

"I'm fine, Tenchi.  Go and talk to Ryoko,"  Aeka said, gloomily and continued on 
her way.  "Call me whenever dinner's ready. In the meantime, I'll be in my 
room."

"But Aeka-"

"Oh don't worry about her, Tenchi."  Ryoko interrupted.  "She'll get over her 
defeat."  

"Ryoko, you should be more considerate about Aeka's feelings."

"I WAS being considerate, Tenchi!"  She whined playfully.  

"In what way?"  

"I allowed Aeka to go up to her room instead of forcing her to listen to me 
gloat about my victory."

"Oh jeez, Ryoko." He exasperated.

"Ok, Tenchi!  Come on over to the table!"  Ryoko said excitedly, setting the 
chess board towards Tenchi.

Tenchi sits down across from Ryoko and looks down at the chess board. 

"I didn't know you play chess."

"To tell you the truth.  I don't really play chess all that much."  She 
admitted.  "Ok let's begin."

"Uhh,...I hope you don't mind me asking but, why are we playing?"

"You really want to know, Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked, smiling childishly.

Tenchi nodded.

"I'm just trying to get one honest date out of you."

"W-What do you mean?"  He asked nervously.

"Don't worry about it.  Let's just play chess.  Trust me.  Ok?"

"Uh, sure.  Okay."

"But before we do,  care to make a friendly wager?"

Tenchi suddenly straightened up with alarm.  "Friendly wager!?"

***

Meanwhile, Aeka was in her room worried about the sudden change in events.  She 
replayed her conversation with Ryoko. 

"Well?  What do you say princess?"  Ryoko asked grinning.

"Very well, Ryoko.  I'll play chess but under one condition."

"Okay, name it."

"If you somehow manage to win,  and if you do win that date with Tenchi.  You 
must not in any circumstances try to seduce him."

"Whoa.  Wait a minute there, princess.  Now that's asking too much."

"You said you were going to try to get to him fair and square, didn't you?  Well 
it's now or never." Aeka retorted, tried to lay a desperate trap to find any of 
Ryoko's hidden agendas.  "Which one will it be?"

There was a long silence between the two girls.  Aeka waited patiently as Ryoko 
considered her condition.  

<Hmm.  I don't like it, that's going to be a hard compromise alright.  I guess 
people will do anything for love.>  Ryoko thought.  She faced Aeka and smiled.

"Alright princess, I'll play at your level.  I won't like it but I'll do it."

"Good, then it's decided."

Back to the present time.

<I hope I'm not making a big mistake.>  She thought to herself and sighed. <I 
can't believe I lost to that monster woman.  Of all the people who could've 
beaten me, she had to be the one to do it.>

***

At the same time, downstairs in the living room.  Tenchi and Ryoko have yet to 
start their game of chess.  

"Well, Tenchi?  Are you up to it?  Are you willing to bet?"

"Hmm. Sounds fair enough.  Let me review the agreement, one more time."

"Fine."  Ryoko sighed impatiently.

"If I win,  you will do ALL the chores of the house.  Right?"

"Yep."

"For a whole month?"

"Yes." 

"And if you win,  I have to take you out on a date to any location in Japan of 
your choosing?"

"That about sums it.  And remember, just you and I."

Tenchi thought about the agreement for the fifth time.

"Oh come on Tenchi!  Let's just play!  You're stalling!"  Ryoko demanded.

"Ok!  Alright!  Let's begin."

"Sheesh, finally."  She frowned and regained her smile.

Tenchi and Ryoko turned their attentions towards the chess board.

"So who gets the first move?" Tenchi asked.

"You will."

"You sure?"  

"Yes."

"Sure you don't want to start first?"

"I insist."

"I don't know..."

"TENCHIII!"  Ryoko cried out in frustration.  "Will you please start!?"

"Okay.  Okay.  I was just kidding."

Tenchi turned his attention onto the first chess piece.  He concentrated and 
slid his pawn to the middle of the board.  Ryoko copied his move.  Tenchi moved 
his knight next to Ryoko's pawn.  Ryoko places her bishop next to Tenchi's 
knight.

"Check."  

"What?!  Already?"  Tenchi started.  His mind being thrown out of 
concentration. 

"Yep."

Tenchi moved his queen to protect his king.  Ryoko took the queen away with her 
knight.  Tenchi's eyes bulged out of their sockets.

<How can this be?!  She's already taken away my queen!>  he thought.

"Check again."  She stated.

Tenchi slide his rook to protect his king and neutralized Ryoko's check.

"How's that?"  He boasted confidently.  "Try that on for size."

Ryoko used her queen and got rid of Tenchi's knight.

"Check."

"Huh?  How can this be?!"  Tenchi baffled out.  He desperately tried to regain 
his concentration.  He advanced his bishop and took Ryoko's queen.  In response,  
Ryoko slid her rook and cleared Tenchi's bishop.

"Check and check mate."

"This is unheard of!"  Tenchi was perplexed.  He looked at the chess board and 
found that Ryoko had strategically placed all her chess pieces.  No matter what 
move he made, Ryoko would always come out the victor.

"Ryoko, how in the universe did you learn how to play like this?"

"You want to know a secret, Tenchi?"

"Sure, tell me."

"All I did was set up my chess pieces.  After I've finished setting up, I go in 
for the kill."

"I see.  That was very interesting.  You've gotta tell me some more secrets.  
I'm sure you have lots in stored."

"Tenchi?"

"Yes?"

"Are you trying to weasel out on our deal?"  Ryoko asked suspiciously.

"Me?  Uhh,...No."  He said nervously.

"Good."  Ryoko smiled. "Because you're taking me out to the perfect dating 
spot."

"Where am I taking you?  I hope it's no where expensive."

"Oh no.  Not at all.  In fact, it's going to be totally free.  So you don't have 
to worry about the finances.  Except for, of course, the bus fare."

"Okay, sounds good.  Where exactly, are we going?"

"We're going to Naroda beach!"  Ryoko exclaimed happily.

"Naroda beach?!  But it's going to take us at least an hour and a half to get 
there."

"Yes.  And?"

"I don't like long trips."

"Why?  Because it's just you and I?"  Ryoko said as her smile disappeared, 
it was obvious her feelings had been hurt.

Tenchi realized that he had his foot in his mouth.  <Great, now I've done it.  
Tenchi you idiot!  You've hurt her feelings!>  He thought angrily to himself.

"Ryoko,...that's not what I meant."

"Oh?  What did you really mean, Tenchi?  It sounded like you didn't want to 
go on a date with me at all."

"It's not like that at all.  I would love to take you out to Naroda."

"You would?"  Ryoko's face lit up.  "Then why are you having second thoughts?"

"It's just the fact that we're going to be cooped up inside a bus for at least 
an hour and a half.  I just hate those kind of long trips."

"Oh, I see.  Don't worry,  Tenchi.  I'll think of something that'll help occupy 
our time."

"Okay. When are we leaving?"

"First thing tomorrow morning.  I also have a little surprise installed for 
you."

"Umm,...yeah."  Tenchi said nervously.  <I hope she won't try to seduce me.>

"Dinner's ready!"  Sasami called to everybody in the house.

"Oh boy!  I'm starving!"  Tenchi exclaimed.  Then he paused and remembered Aeka.

"What is it, Tenchi?"  The little princess asked.

"I gotta go get your sister.  Don't wait up on me."  He said and ran up the 
stairs.

"Ok, Tenchi."  Sasami spoke.  When she turned around she saw Ryoko float towards 
Washu's lab.

"Where are you going Ryoko?"

"I'm going to fetch Washu for dinner.  I'll be back shortly."  Ryoko answered.

"Please hurry.  You know how much I hate it when the food to gets cold."

"Boy, do I."  Ryoko joked and happily patted Sasami's head as she floated 
towards Washu's lab. 

***

Washu was busy typing away on her keyboard,  trying to figure out why hot dogs 
are always packaged at ten a piece and hot dog buns are packaged in only eight.
Behind the busy scientist, Ryoko walked into the lab.

"Who is it?  Go away. I'm busy right now."  Washu said.

Ryoko cleared her throat loudly to catch Washu's attention.  Washu turned around 
and her face lit up.

"Ah!  What can I do for you Little Ryoko?"  

"Mom, can you stop calling me that?"  Ryoko muttered, obviously annoyed by 
Washu's babying tone.

"Sure, little Ryoko.  What can mommy do for you?"     

Ryoko grumbled a bit but quickly calmed down.

"Well,...uh, mom.  I managed to finally get a date with Tenchi."

"Oh you did?!"  Washu exclaimed.  "I'm so proud of you!  My little girl finally 
did it!"

"Mom, please!  You're making me sick!"

"How did you do it?  Did you control his mind?"

"No."

"Did you slip a photon neuralizer in his drink?"

"No."

"Did you tap in to his cerebral cortex and plant subliminal commands?"

"No!"  Ryoko screamed in annoyance. "Mom!  Will you listen!  I played chess 
against him and won."

"Not bad, Ryoko.  Not as complex as planting subliminal messages but still, not 
bad at all.  It's crude yet effective.  So where's your date going to be?"

"We're going to Naroda Beach."

"That's a very nice resort beach.  Good choice, Ryoko."

"I know."  Ryoko agreed and smiled wildly.  "There's going to be a lot of people 
there and well,..."

"What Ryoko?"

"Can you do me a favor?"

"Sure, what is it?"

Ryoko reached in to her back pocket and pulled out one of Washu's computer 
discs.  She hands it to Washu and Washu looks at it curiously.  

"What is this, Ryoko?"

"Take a look at it on your computer."  Ryoko instructed. "I'll see you tomorrow 
morning."  Ryoko runs out of the lab.

"Alright."  Washu replied.  She placed the disc in to her computer and logs into 
it's files.  The screen displayed Ryoko's request.   Washu smiled with 
overwhelming joy and excitement.  "This could turn out to be very interesting."

***

Tenchi walked up to Aeka's door and knocked.

"Yes?  Who is it?"  Aeka asked through the door.

"It's me, Aeka."  Tenchi answered.  "I've come to tell you that it's time for 
dinner."

A few moments later Aeka appeared at the doorway.

"Let's go eat." She said.

They both walked down the hallway, not saying a word to each other.  Aeka 
decided to break the silence.

"How did you do on the chess game against Ryoko?"

"I did poorly.  I thought I was a pretty good chess player but Ryoko really 
proved me wrong."

The one answer that Aeka had been dreading since she was in her room.

"And?" she asked apprehensively.

"What can I say.  I'm going to go on a date with her tomorrow morning."

"Where are you going?"

"We're going to Naroda beach, it's a resort area." 

Aeka didn't step any further, she tugged on Tenchi's elbow and stopped him from 
walking any further.

"Tenchi, there's something I wish to tell you."

"What.  What is it, Aeka?"

Aeka struggled, she wanted to tell Tenchi how she felt about him.  "Please be 
careful out there.  Anything can happen, don't hurt yourself."  She spoke 
instead of 'Tenchi, I love you'.

"Don't worry, Aeka.  I'll be safe just as long as Ryoko is around.  You know how 
powerful she is."

"Yes."  Aeka said, disheartened. 

"Let's go eat.  I'm starving.!" 

Aeka nodded in response and followed Tenchi down to the dining table.  Ryo-
ohki was in her humanoid form,  eating her carrots and Sasami sat right beside 
her.  Ryoko was already at the dining table happily eating her food until she 
looked up and waved at Tenchi.  Tenchi looked around and noticed that Washu 
wasn't around.

"Where's Washu?"  Tenchi asked. 

"She's in her lab, working on some experiment."  Ryoko answered.

"Oh?  What is she working on?"

"You'll find out soon enough."  Ryoko hinted.  "Let's forget about her and just 
eat!"

"Uhh,...right."  He tensed.

"It better not be anything sexual, Ryoko."  Aeka threatened suddenly.

"Hey, don't worry princess.  I haven't forgotten about our agreement."

"You better not forget, Ryoko.  Or else.  If you hurt Tenchi in any-"

"If I hurt Tenchi!?"  Ryoko barked.  "Why you silly little girl!  Where you do 
get off saying that I will hurt Tenchi!?"

"I can say anything I like!  I don't think you're very trustworthy."

"Oh.  We'll see about that."

"I doubt that we will."

"You'll see.  First thing tomorrow morning, your doubts will be no more."  Ryoko 
assured.  

Aeka didn't respond to Ryoko's assurance, she still doubted Ryoko.

Ryoko was silent, she continued on eating.  She finally finished up her meal and 
stood up to go to Washu's lab.  She turned and faced Tenchi.  "Tenchi, I'll see 
you tomorrow morning."

"Alright."

"Is there anything you want me to bring for tomorrow?"  Ryoko asked.

"Umm,  I think we'll need some food to bring along, suntan oil, towels,  bathing 
suits, and an extra pair of clothes to change into."

"Ok.  Done.  I'll see you later."  Ryoko said and opened the door to Washu's 
lab.

After Ryoko disappeared in to Washu's lab, Aeka turned to Tenchi.

"Are you still willing to go with her?"

"Yes, Aeka.  I have to."

"But are you willing to go?"

"What do you mean, Aeka?"

"You don't have to go unless you want to.  Right?"

"You know I can't do that."

"Why not, Tenchi?"

"Because it's not right.  I've already set up an agreement with Ryoko.  I'm not 
going to be the one to back out."

"But she's a space pirate!  You certainly don't have to carry out an agreement 
with her!"  Aeka yelled out desperately.

<What's wrong with her?  Why is she acting like this?> Tenchi was surprised to 
see Aeka using that tone of voice.     

"I don't like hurting either of you.  I'm sorry Aeka, a promise is a promise.  I 
always keep my word." Tenchi retorted.  

"I, I understand."  She said feeling defeated.

*** 

During the late twilight hours,  barely wearing anything to keep herself warm, 
Ryoko had been strapped against the wall by Washu's restraining device.   

"How long is this going to take?"  Ryoko asked impatiently.

"Just a few more minutes."  Washu responded while typing away on her keyboard.

"Well, hurry up! I hate being cooped up in this contraption of yours!  I haven't 
quite forgiven you for that last time, you know."

"Oh calm down, Ryoko.  I won't do anything like that again.  At least, not for a 
while."

"You left me hanging up here alone in the cold dark!  Just how do you expect me 
to calm down?"

Washu ignored her and decided to change the subject.

"So why didn't you ask me yourself?"

"What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean, Ryoko.  Why didn't you ask me in person?  It's sounds a 
lot better than just asking via computer disc."

"Oh.  Uh,...I don't know.  It's a pride thing I guess."

"Pride, huh?  Oh it's so sad that a daughter can't talk to her mother." Washu 
wailed playfully.  "Oh poor little me!  My daughter's afraid to speak to me!"

"OK! Alright! I get the point."  Ryoko cried out and decided to change the 
subject.  "So, Washu.  How long will this last?"

"So, Ryoko.  How long do you want your little request to last?"

"Just give me a day."

"Be more specific."

"From sun up to midnight, I guess."

"Ah,...so you're doing the Cinderella bit aren't you?"

"Well, if that's what they call it on this planet.  Yes."

"Very interesting, Ryoko."  Washu complimented.

Ryoko looked away from Washu, she struggled to gather her thoughts to find the 
right words.

"Thank you."  Ryoko said barely.

"What did you say, Ryoko?"  Washu inquired honestly.

"Thank you for helping me.  Mother."  Ryoko smiled softly.

"My pleasure.  Anything to help my little daughter on her first date."  Washu 
returned.  Feeling great happiness, Washu typed in the last few commands on to 
her keyboard and released Ryoko.

Ryoko stepped down onto the floor. 

"You better get some sleep, Ryoko.  Otherwise, you'll disappoint Tenchi."

"Don't worry, I will.  Good night."  Ryoko expressed.  Ryoko left the lab and 
heads towards her room, happily anticipating the next morning.

*** 

Meanwhile, a few billion miles away, on the planet Jurai, Shoji was on his way 
towards the throne room.  Shoji isn't your traditional type of Jurian,  instead 
of having long graceful hair that went down his back, he had a mid length tail 
that only reached the base of his neck.  He is a Jurian noble and even more 
unusual, a knight of the royal guard.  One of the most powerful and capable,  
he's considered highly among his peers and colleagues maybe because of his 
honesty, his humor and his non-royal attitude.  He finally arrived at the 
emperor's throne room.

"You summoned me, my liege?"  Shoji asked while kneeling.

"Yes, Shoji. I have."

"What can I do for you, sire?"

"I've looked at your record and because of your valuable service to this royal 
family, I've decided to reassign you."

"And what's my reassignment, sir?"

"From this point on, you're going to be Princess Aeka's bodyguard."

"Her bodyguard?!" Shoji looked up in surprise.

<Isn't it good enough that Azaka and Kamadake are her bodyguards?>  He thought 
curiously.

"Is there something wrong, Shoji?"  Azusa questioned.

"Uh, no sire.  But I was wondering..." 

"Yes?"

"Pardon me for asking, my liege.  Aren't the Guardians of Jurai, proven to be 
adequate bodyguards for her?"

Azusa flinched a little. <Uh oh, he's on to me.  Better throw him a quick one.>

"Why yes.  But I've decided that you're the best of the best and I want the 
first crown princess of Jurai to be well protected.  You can't blame a father 
for being protective, right?"
  
Shoji noticed that the king of Jurai had a bead of sweat on his head.  And 
decided not to think about the reassignment any further.  "Of course.  I'm sorry 
to have questioned you."

"That's quite alright."

"When do I depart?"

"As soon as possible.  I'll contact Prince Yosho as soon you're on the way."

"Yes, my lord.  I'll start packing."  Shoji bows and leaves the room.

Azusa watched as the knight left.  He restrained hard to keep in his laugh.
<So, Tenchi.  You think that you're going to be the next king of Jurai by 
getting to my Aeka?  Think again.  I'll show you."

"MWAHAHAHAHAHA" He laughed out loudly.

Lady Funaho and Lady Misaki walked into the room and found Azusa laughing 
hysterically.  They looked at each with beads of sweat looming on their heads.

"What's gotten into him?"  asked Misaki.

"I'm not sure.  He's really happy about something.  Let's not bother him.  We'll  
just come back another time."

"Agreed."

They both immediately turned around and headed back out the door.

***

The morning light illuminated the Okayama landscape.  Tenchi was already outside 
in front of the house waiting for Ryoko.  He was getting impatient.  Aeka stood 
right next to him.  She had been silent since morning light.  Tenchi looked at 
his watch, 7:30am. 

"Ryoko!  Where are you?  It's time to go!"  Tenchi yelled out.  Tenchi is 
wearing his black and red swimming shorts, sandals, white tank top shirt, and 
wearing his backpack over his shoulders.  "What's taking her so long?  It'll 
take us at least 2 hours to get to Naroda."

"I knew she would be late, even for her own date.  She's probably drunk and 
passed out somewhere."

"Oh Aeka, don't say that."

"Well it's true.  You know how drunk she can get!"  Aeka retorted.

"She's not the only who gets drunk around here."  He said while putting on his 
shades.

"What do you mean?"

"You know what I mean, Aeka.  You're not exactly alcohol-free.  I've seen you 
put away sake like there's no tomorrow."

"Well, I uh..."  Aeka said, obviously embarrassed by Tenchi's observation.

The front door opened and Ryoko walked out to meet Tenchi and Aeka.

"Well it's about time Ryoko!"  

"I'm sorry Tenchi,  Sasami was putting food in to my travel bag.  She packed  
alot for us to eat."

"That's ok, Ryoko.  The bus to Naroda beach will arrive any minute now and-," he 
suddenly cut himself off and realized that something was different about Ryoko.   

"What's wrong Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.

Tenchi stepped up, pulled up his shades, and looked at Ryoko up close.  She was 
wearing a red tank top, blue jean shorts, and a black backpack, overall, she 
still looked the same.

"There's something different about you Ryoko.  I'm not quite sure what it is but 
you've changed somehow."  He paused.  "Oh well.  We better get going or else 
we'll be late for the bus."

"Ok, Tenchi." Ryoko concurred.  "I'm ready if you're ready."

"Ok!  Great!  Then let's go."  Tenchi suggested.  He stands there and waits.

A few minutes silently passed.  Aeka stood there and watched curiously.

<What is going on?  Why are they just standing there looking at each other?  
Shouldn't they leave by now?>  Aeka thought. 

"Uh, Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked.

"What Ryoko?"

"What are you waiting for?"

"I'm waiting on you to teleport us to the bus stop."

"Right. About that..."

"Ryoko, what's wrong?"

"Nothing's wrong, it's just that I can't do that right now."

"What do you mean, you can't do that right now?"  Tenchi asked.  "Are you sick?"

"No."

"Is there something bothering you?"

"No, not really."

"You don't want to go?"

"Oh no!"  Ryoko answered loudly.  "Nothing like that,  I assure you."

"Then what?"

"Well, didn't you notice the way I came out here?"

"Yes. You used the door."

"That's right.  I USED the door."

"So?  What's so different about that?"

"Tenchi, you're not getting what I'm trying to say.  Can you remember the last 
time I used the door to go in and out of the house?"

Tenchi thinks and tries to remember the last time he saw Ryoko using the front 
door.

"Come to think of it, Ryoko.  I don't think you ever used the front door."

"That's right.  I never USED the door."  Ryoko stressed.  

Tenchi thought about Ryoko's last remark carefully and realized what she really 
meant.  His eyes bulged out in pure shock.  He was speechless.

"Are you telling us that you can't use any of your powers?"  Aeka spoke loudly.

Ryoko nodded happily.

"See Aeka!  Now you don't have to worry about me seducing Tenchi in any way.  
Now, I'm as human as he is."

"How should that matter?  Why did you lose your powers?"  Aeka asked wildly.  
"And how did-"

"I'm sure it's interesting to find out why, but who cares!  We're going to be 
late!!"  Tenchi interrupted Aeka, he straightened up his shades and grabbed 
Ryoko's arm.  "Come on, Ryoko!  Let's go!  If we don't catch this bus, the next 
one won't arrive until noon!"

"Uh, right. See ya Aeka!  And don't worry!  I won't do any thing to Tenchi!" 
Ryoko shouted.

"You better not Ryoko!  Or else I'll send Azaka and Kamadake to check on you!"  
Aeka shouted back.

Ryoko stuck her tongue and pulled her bottom right eyelid at Aeka as she hustled 
off with Tenchi to catch the bus.  

"We'll be home tomorrow morning.  See you later."  Tenchi said as he waved back 
to Aeka.

Aeka watched as Tenchi and Ryoko ran off towards the bus stop.  She sighed in 
frustration.

"Aeka."  Said a voice from behind.

Aeka turned around and found Yosho.

"Yes, brother?"

"I have a message for you from father." Yosho said as he handed Aeka a subspace 
telegram.

"Thank you, Yosho."

Aeka read her father's message and a few moments later, she was in absolute 
anger. 

"What?! I don't believe this!  Father's assigning me a new bodyguard?!"

"That's what it looks like."

"And what is going to happen to Azaka and Kamadake?"

"They are currently being reassigned to another person." 

"What?  To who?"

"Good morning, Aeka!!" 

Aeka turned around and found Little Sasami riding on top of Azaka.

"Sasami?"  Aeka questioned.

"Guess what father did today!" Sasami exclaimed happily.




To be continued...




The Lonely Moon
(tragedy)

I am lonely like the moon 
You are faraway as the earth
Now you say I light your thoughts
Night After night
Soon you forget

We are drifting in this dance
I can feel you circle my thoughts
Keeping such a graceful distance
So close but somehow apart

Sometimes I cry for you
Knowing you don't want me to
Sometimes I whisper to the stars up in the sky

That I want to find the way to your soul
Kiss in the sun when morning comes you don't seem to count the hours
When we are not together
I've seen a tender fire in your eyes
Yet when I'm gone you carry on
I float in this emptiness
Till at last love returns
With the night and the lonely moon


Author's Notes:  Phew!  I'm finally finished!  Tell me what you think!  BTW!  
Did you see any improvement in my grammar!  Please tell me I've improved!  
Please!  Please!   Please!

Special thanks go to Minset, Random, Ryoko MR, Lord Talon, Cman1701 and my 
Sister. For taking the time to pre-read and giving me good pre feedback,  I 
couldn't have done it without you all!

Visit my FanFic's website: http://members.aol.com/evildrtran/index.html