Disclaimer: We own NONE of these characters, so no one sue us or anything,
okay?

Ryoko in Love
Chapter one: Soja
By Ryoko-Himesama and Little Washu

The group was once again strapped onto Washu's time travel machine.  They
were not happy about this fact.  All of them said so themselves, save Ryoko
who was usually quiet.
"I've arranged it so that you can arrive without making Kagato suspicious.
Ryoko, you must not contact Kagato or yourself while there.  Do nothing to
change history.  Got it?"
Ryoko nodded.  The machine speed up, with their usual protests, and soon the

gang was standing aboard Soja.  Kagato was no where to be seen, but Ryoko
was
crying in the middle of it.  Ayeka quickly pushed the present Ryoko behind
her, to hid her from view.
"Let's sneak out of here, now." said the present Ryoko quickly, for she
remembered this day all too well.  She knew what would happen next.
"We can hide right there." said Kione as she pointed to the area behind a
pillar.  They all quickly rushed there.  Ryoko reluctantly followed along.
From the area they had just been in, heavy footsteps could be heard echoing
from the hall.  They could also hear the past Ryoko quietly creeping away
from the footsteps.  Suddenly, the footsteps stopped and an explosion rocked

the ship, followed by a scream.  The present Ryoko grimaced.

From Washu's lab, Tenchi was watching a viewscreen showing him what was
happening, curtesy of Washu who had descreetly hidden the equipment in
Kione's headband.  The footsteps could be heard receding.
        Everyone save Ryoko and Ryo-ohki peeked around the corner.  Kione
and Sasami quickly looked away, Mihoshi would have screamed if Kione hadn't
covered her mouth, and even Ayeka paled.

In the lab, Washu didn't even look up and Tenchi felt rather ill.

The past Ryoko was embedded in the wall with cuts, burns, and other wounds
all over her.  She seemed unconcious at the time, so the group came out of
their shelter.
"What do we do?" asked Ayeka.
"Simple." said the present Ryoko, "We go with her."
"Go? Where is she going?" asked Ayeka.
"Kagato sent me to planet Yage, I remember.  He had control of me doing the
trip."
"So we have to sneak aboard this Ryo-ohki?"
"Yes." said the present Ryoko.
The group quietly followed Ryoko, who led them to the place where Ryo-ohki
always docked.  She teleported them all to it.  Thanks to Washu, Ryo-ohki
wasn't able to detect them.
        After a short time, the past Ryoko staggered to her spaceship and
set off to the planet Yage.
        "Planet Yage blew up nine hundred years ago." said Ayeka.  Then she
covered her mouth, realizing what she had just said.
        "It's okay." said Ryoko.  "There was a person there who was about to

rat on Kagato.  So he . . ."
        She was cut off as a wave of energy, caused by a far off explosion,
rocked the ship slightly.
        "Was that  . . .?" asked Ayeka.
        Ryoko nodded.
