Like all of my stories, this one belongs to me. However, I don't not own Tenchi 
and related characters. I do however own the characters I created, and this and 
all of my written stories.  

Welcome back fans. A lot has happened in the firsts episode. Lets just recap. 
Washu went missing and Tenchi's idea of consoling a broken Ryoko is a bit more 
then you'd expect. Ayeka has gone into shock, and Kiyone is acting strange. 
What's wrong with the baby? This is where we will start off..


Washu: Well it seems something is a little off Ryoko.

Ryoko: What? What's wrong with my baby?

Tenchi: Tell us Washu.

Washu: HMM....

Washu: Let me explain it like this. When an egg is fertilized, it has to pass 
down the Fallopian Tubes to the Womb to begin growing. However sometimes the 
"zygote" or fertilized egg starts growing the tube. Now yo* {She then looked at 
Tenchi and Ryoko to see that they were perplexed and confused. Washu was getting 
mad.} HEY DO YOU PEOPLE UNDERSTAND??!

Ryoko: What are you getting at?

Washu: The baby is growing in your oviduct! Not in the uterus! It's a big 
problem because the baby will either die or you will!

Ryoko: OH is that all? I thought it was som* AHHHH!!!!!{She passed out}

Tenchi: What can we do Washu? I don't want Ryoko to die or the baby!

Washu: Well, we will have to operate on Ryoko to fix this problem.

Ryoko: {She got up} Operate? Will it hurt?

Washu: No, you'll be out of it. I will need an assistant. Where is Kiyone now?

Tenchi: She's giving her report out in space now. Why?

Washu: I want her to be my assistant. She is the only one who is calm enough to 
handle this.

Tenchi: What about me?

Washu: I think you will be too distraught by then.

Ryoko: How come I haven't felt any pain?

Washu: That will change in three seconds.

Ryoko: Three seconds? Are you sur* AHHHH!! MOTHER OF GOD OWWWWW!{She was going 
crazy and clamping her stomach}

Washu: Here take this!{She handed her a pill which she swallowed}

Ryoko: {now panting but feeling better} What was that I just swallowed?

Washu: It was a pill that numbs the pain.

Tenchi: When are you going to operate Washu?

Washu: Just as soon as Kiyone returns.

CUT SCENE

Kiyone and Mihoshi were sitting on the bridge of the Yugami giving their report 
to the Commander.

Kiyone: That's all sir.

Mihoshi: Yeah. OH wait we forgot. The space pirate Ryoko is pregnant. 

Kiyone: {Turns to Mihoshi} I don't think he cares, Mihoshi.

Mihoshi: I know but it's still news.

Commander: Detectives. {Kiyone and Mihoshi both whipped their heads around and 
looked at the Commander}

Both: Yes?

Commander: Recently I have been reviewing your performance detectives and I have 
made a decision.

Kiyone: What would that be?

Commander: I have decided to promote you both.

Kiyone: Really? Thank you sir!

Mihoshi: Hurray! 

Kiyone: Where will be relocated?

Commander: You wouldn't be.

Kiyone: What?

Commander: I have decided to make you both in charge of a fleet that will patrol 
the SOL system.

Kiyone: But why?

Commander: Recently I received a message from Jurai asking I if would add more 
security to earth to protect Princess Ayeka and Sasami. I complied and allowed 
it. I then reviewed your past performance sheets and seeing how the space pirate 
Ryoko, Prince Yosho and Tenchi, Princess Ayeka and Sasami and the mad scientist 
Washu living under the same roof I decided to add a few ships for safety 
reasons. You do accept this don't you? 

Kiyone: Yes sir.

Commander: Good. Here is all the information about the ships and their officers. 
The ships should arrive here tomorrow.

Mihoshi: Hurray! We get to command people!

Commander: That will be all Detectives. Congratulations. {Bam! He was gone.}   

Kiyone: I can't believe it! We will finally get the respect I deserve! Let's 
head back now Mihoshi.

Mihoshi: Oh yeah I almost forgot {She then pulled out a small box with a button 
on it}. Washu gave me this. It will get us back to earth in a second.

Kiyone: How?

Mihoshi: It transports us or something. Let's try it out. {She then pressed the 
button and the box reacted violently. Electrical currents then shot out of it.}

Kiyone: AHH!! Mihoshi what did you do?!?!

Mihoshi: Nothing!! I think!! AHH!

Both: AHHH!!{Kaboom! They then found themselves docked in Washu's lab.}

CUT SCENE

Kiyone: What happened?

Mihoshi: It worked.

Kiyone: You mean we are in the lab?

Mihoshi: I think so. {Then they got out of the Yugami and looked around}

Kiyone: Well it must have worked.

Washu: {Walking up to them} Well, well. What do we have here?

Kiyone: Miss Washu? That thing you gave Mihoshi worked. 
    
Washu: Of course it would. Kiyone I need your help.

Kiyone: With what?

Washu: Let's go into the living room. I'll tell you everything.

CUT SCENE

Washu had just finished explaining everything to the group.

Washu: So you see the problem I face.

Kiyone: I will be glad to help. I wish I could do more though.

Ryoko: Why thank you Kiyone.

Kiyone: Your welcome. I have some great news for you all. Mihoshi and I were 
promoted!

All: Congats!

Tenchi: That's great news Mihoshi and Kiyone. Are you being transferred?

Kiyone: No. We will be in charge of our own fleet to protect earth.

Tenchi: Wow.

Kiyone: This really is a step up.

Mihoshi: I am so happy!

Kiyone: Anyway Washu, when is the operation?

Washu: In an hour or less if you want.

Ayeka: I don't think she should have the operation. Let it go Ryoko.

Tenchi: That is a horrible thing to say, Ayeka. How could you think like that?

Ayeka: Tenchi, you should have a child with this creature. You should marry me 
and raise children with me.

Ryoko: You must be joking. Tenchi would never let our baby or me die for you.      

Tenchi: Ayeka, you know why I won't marry you.

Ayeka: Oh no, no! You won't marry me or any of us but you'll have sex with 
Ryoko! {She was angry} You really can't make up your mind can you?

Sasami: Ayeka! Stop saying things like that!

Ayeka: It's true though! Tenchi you don't know anything! You are awful! {She 
then began crying and ran up the stairs.}

Tenchi: Ayeka!

Sasami: What's wrong with Ayeka?

Tenchi: I don't know but I will find out.

CUT SCENE

Tenchi had walked the stairs and walked into Ayeka's room.

Tenchi: Ayeka.{She was still crying but she was packing}

Ayeka: What do you want?

Tenchi: I'm sorry Ayeka. Why are you packing?

Ayeka: I'm going home, back to Jurai. I won't stand in your way of being with 
Ryoko.

Tenchi: Ayeka you can't do that. Look I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt you or 
any one.

Ayeka: {She stopped packing and turned around} Then why. Why did you sleep with 
Ryoko? And if you say you don't know I am leaving. 

Tenchi: She was distraught. I needed to console her.

Ayeka: So let me get this straight if my mother goes missing you will have sex 
with me?

Tenchi: No you se*

Ayeka: Ah ha! So you do love Ryoko in that way.

Tenchi: Ayeka look. I love Ryoko, and I love you. I love all of you girls but in 
different ways.

Ayeka: You sure have some weird ways of showing it.

Tenchi: Ayeka you know that I would never do any like that to you or anyone 
except for Ryoko.

Ayeka: Yeah because your in love with her!

Tenchi: You know I'm not in love with any of you! Ryoko was in shambles and I 
needed to bring her back to herself again. You as well as I know that Ryoko 
never is so upset when it comes to Washu! I didn't know what she would have 
done! So I decided to give here what she wanted. 

Ayeka: Would you give me that it I acted like Ryoko?

Tenchi: No. You aren't like that Ayeka. You are different from Ryoko in that 
way.

Ayeka: What would you do then?

Tenchi: This. {He then grabbed her and kissed her passionately. After they were 
done Ayeka blushed and looked into his eyes}

Ayeka: Oh Tenchi. {She then began to cry and fell into his arms}

Tenchi: It will be okay Ayeka. Do you want to how I love you differently?

Ayeka: Okay. {She pulled herself together and sat down on the bed alongside 
Tenchi}

Tenchi: Ryoko is more of a free spirit. She does what she wants, when she wants 
how she wants. Ayeka, you are more reserved and you have pride in your heritage 
and your traditions.

Ayeka: I'm sorry Tenchi. I'm sorry how I acted. You aren't awful. You are 
wonderful.

Tenchi Shall we head back downstairs now? 

Ayeka: Sure.

CUT SCENE

They then walked downstairs to a living room full of puzzled faces.

Ayeka: Everybody I am sorry for how I acted. I am very sorry Ryoko I didn't mean 
it.

Ryoko: I know. Hey Washu, when are we going to do the operation?

Washu: Now if you like.

Ryoko: Okay. I'm ready.

Washu: Ready Kiyone?

Kiyone: Yes I am.

Washu: Let's go now.

The three then walked into the lab. Ryoko blew Tenchi a kiss but Ayeka 
intercepted it. The lab door shut and a sign appeared that said "Do not 
Disturb!!".

CUT SCENE    

The lab had been set up to look like an operating room. Ryoko then lay down on 
the table. Washu and Kiyone had dressed up like a doctor and nurse after an 
argument between Washu and Kiyone.

Ryoko: Washu I don't understand how you are going to knock me out. It will take 
a train to do that.

Washu: Oh we'll see {She then grinned as she pulled out a bottle. On the bottle 
was a chibi version of Washu hitting Ryoko on the head with a mallet and Ryoko 
passing out.} Here that this. {She handed her a pill}

Ryoko: {She swallowed the pill} Alright but I don't think it will work thou* 
{she was out of it.}

Washu: That's done.

Kiyone: I love the irony.

Washu: Shall we get started?

Kiyone: Okay.

Washu then began operating on Ryoko. She cut a hole into her and fiddled around.

Washu: Scalpel.

Kiyone: {Handing her a scalpel} Here.

Washu: Scissors.

Kiyone: {Handing her a scissors} Here.

Washu: Hey Kiyone do you wanna see some intestines?

Kiyone: {Disgusted} No it's okay.

Washu: All right then. {She then began to move some of Ryoko's organs around 
which made some squishy noises. This disgusted Kiyone more.}

Kiyone: {In a shaky voice} Washu, do you have to make all that disgusting noise?

Washu: Yes. I am looking for something. Ah, here it is. Now to begin.

CUT SCENE

Tenchi was pacing back and forth in front of the lab door. Ayeka was knitting, 
Sasami was reading and Mihoshi was watching TV.

Sasami: Tenchi? Why don't you sit down?

Tenchi: I can't. I'm too nervous.

Ayeka: Lord Tenchi, Washu is the greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe. She 
won't let any thing happen to her daughter let alone her grandchild. 

Sasami: She's right you know.  

Tenchi: Well, I guess you right. {He then sat down on the couch next to 
Mihoshi.}

Sasami: Ayeka, do you think that Ryoko is okay?

Ayeka: She is just fine.

CUT SCENE

In the lab Washu was jut finishing closing up Ryoko. Kiyone had almost fainted 
thanks to some side comments that Washu had said during the operation.

Washu: There now. I am done. Are you okay Kiyone?

Kiyone: Yeah, I'm just fine. Can I go now?

Washu: Sure we'll let Ryoko sleep it off. {She then pulled a blanket over her 
daughter and kissed her goodnight.} Let's go.

CUT SCENE

The two then walked outside the lab and Washu removed the sign. All of then were 
asleep. Tenchi had fallen asleep on the sofa, Mihoshi on the floor, Sasami was 
asleep with her head resting on the table and so was Ayeka.

Kiyone: Well they seem to be working hard.

Washu: Tell me about it. Oh well, when in Rome. {She then yawned and walked over 
to the living room. Kiyone did likewise and collapsed on the other sofa. Washu, 
on the other hand, laid down on the sofa that Tenchi was on, resting face to 
face.} Goodnight. {With that she fell asleep}

CUT SCENE

It was an hour later before anyone woke up. Tenchi then awoke unfortunately it 
was to a sleeping Washu. At first he was shocked, but then when he saw her 
sleeping he didn't have the heart to wake her up. He just waited there, not 
trying to wake her up. She did however wake up, and smiled when she saw that he 
was watching her sleep.

Washu: Hello there, guinea pig.

Tenchi: How's Ryoko, Washu?

Washu: She is just fine. How are you?

Tenchi: Well, I am in an awkward position here.

Washu: Oh! Sorry. {She then got up and he sat upright. She then sat next to 
him.} So what's on our mind?

Tenchi: I'm kind of nervous.

Washu: About the baby?

Tenchi: Yeah. I don't want anything to change but I know it will. I'll have to 
take on more responsibilities now and I'm afraid I can't handle them all.
  
Washu: {She sighed} OH is that all? Tenchi, I think you will be just fine. I 
mean hasn't your life changed dramatically already? Just two years ago you were 
a normal boy living with his dad and now there are six girls all crazy for you 
living under you roof. I thought that you had taken on too much responsibility 
when we all came but now I see that you can handle it.

Tenchi: Do you really think so?

Washu: I know so. When that baby comes, you will gain more responsibility but 
the kind that you can't say is bothering. A little baby will be in our care and 
I am going to treasure that time. You will too.

Tenchi: I guess your right. Thanks little Washu, you always know what to say.

Washu: Tenchi, One more thing.

Tenchi: What is that Little Washu?

Washu: Can you carry me up to my bed? {He got a sweatdrop} I am still really 
tired and I just don't have then energy to get up the stairs. {She then yawned} 

Tenchi: Oh all right. {So he picked her up and carried her up the stairs to her 
room}

CUT SCENE

Tenchi slid her door shut and leaned against it.

Tenchi: {in his mind} Wow, a baby is on the way. I know I should be happy but I 
just can't shake this feeling that something is going to happen. Oh well, I 
guess I should go downstairs now.{He headed downstairs}

Cut Scene 

Tenchi walked into the living room and found that the girls were all awake. He 
walked over to the sofa and sat down next to Kiyone.

Kiyone: So what's up?

Tenchi: I just brought Washu upstairs. She's asleep and probably won't be up for 
dinner.

Sasami: Oh! Dinner! I almost forgot! I'll be in the Kitchen! {She then ran to 
the Kitchen.}

Ayeka: So Kiyone, when do you think that Ryoko will be up?

Kiyone: Probably in a half hour. She only had the operation an hour and a half 
ago.

Mihoshi: Hey Kiyone, when the baby comes, do you think I could baby sit on our 
days off?

Kiyone: I wouldn't trust you with a dog.

Mihoshi: Now that hurt Kiyone. Well I guess I'll go watch Space Police police 
men now. {She then walked out of the room.}

Kiyone: So how do you feel Tenchi? Are you okay?

Tenchi: Well I guess I am. I am happy about the baby but, { The words that Washu 
said flashed in his mind} (Washu: When that baby comes, you will gain more 
responsibility but the kind that you can't say is bothering.)nothing.

Ayeka: Tenchi? Do you think your child will be a boy or a girl?

Tenchi: I really can't say. I don't care if it is a boy or a girl I just want it 
healthy.

Kiyone: Do you want to go check on Ryoko now? She still might be asleep but it 
would be good to check on her.

Tenchi: Okay! Let's go! {The three then got up and headed for the lab}

CUT SCENE

They entered the lab. Kiyone then lead Ayeka and Tenchi to the room that Ryoko 
was in.

Kiyone: {Opens the door} Well here she is. {Ryoko was awake and reading a book}

Tenchi: Hi Ryoko. How are you feeling?

Ryoko: {she turned her head} Oh! Tenchi you can to see me! I'm so happy! { She 
jumped up and locked onto Tenchi's neck}

Ayeka: I think she is going to be just fine.

Kiyone: I'm glad to see that you think that Ayeka. Come on, let's leave them 
alone.

Ayeka: All right. {The two then walked out of the room and left Tenchi behind.}

Tenchi: So Ryoko how are you?

Ryoko: {She let go and sat down} Well I feel fine. I have a living thing growing 
inside of me, and I'm ecstatic. I can't believe that I will be a mother.

Tenchi: And I will be a father.

Ryoko: Yeah, I know. How do you feel? I know that you could get nervous about 
strange twist of events.

Tenchi: Well, I talked to your mom and she made me realize the good.

Ryoko: She does have a way with words.

Tenchi: Washu's the best.

Ryoko: Of course she is. Anyway Tenchi I was wondering, After the baby is born, 
do you think that umm, well, Oh I can't say.

Tenchi: What, What do you want?

Ryoko: Well a little brother of sister for our baby. We both know that you'll 
drop your pants when I'm sad.

Tenchi: {He turned red and got a sweat drop} Enough of that! No we won't have 
another kid Ryoko! 

Ryoko: Awww I really want one though.

Tenchi: That's not a reason for having a kid!

Ryoko: Oh well then. I'll be in the living room. {She then floated away}

Tenchi: Geez, what is up with her?

CUT SCENE

Ryoko floated into the living room to find Kiyone sitting there crying. She was 
shocked at first, but then she walked on over.

Ryoko: What's wrong Kiyone? 

Kiyone: {She looked up} Oh, it's you Ryoko.

Ryoko: Why are you crying? {She sat down next to her}

Kiyone: Oh, no reason.

Ryoko: Now Kiyone, I've known you for a long time and I have never seen you cry 
so what is wrong?

Kiyone: Oh fine, I'll tell you. Ever since I heard you were pregnant, I've been 
getting depressed.

Ryoko: Why?

Kiyone: Well, I always wanted to be a mother and have a child but because of my 
job I haven't had the chance to well meet someone. And...

Ryoko: And when you heard that Tenchi was the father you thought that he would 
father a child with you, right?

Kiyone: That's about it. I know that Tenchi won't do anything like that. He is 
too good to stud himself to women.

Ryoko: That would be nice if he did that though.

Kiyone: Ryoko! Isn't that a little risqu‚?

Ryoko: Oh come on it's not like he's here.

Kiyone: Well your right. I still would love to be a mother, to come home and 
pick up my baby and hold him till he falls asleep.

Ryoko: That's sounds nice Kiyone. I'm sure you'll get your wish someday.

Kiyone: But when, when will I get my wish?

Ryoko: Kiyone you will get your wish. I don't know when but you will get your 
wish. 

Kiyone: You really think so?

Ryoko: Hell yeah, Kiyone! There's a man out there for you.

Kiyone: I guess your right. I hope he's like Tenchi.

Ryoko: It could even be Tenchi for all I know!

Sasami: Hey everybody dinner's ready!

Ryoko: Well let's go.

Kiyone: Ok.

CUT SCENE

Everyone had gathered at the table to eat dinner. Even Washu was up! Sasami had 
made a big dinner, even though she forgot about it an hour before. 

Sasami: Ok everybody! Let's eat!

Mihoshi: This is good Sasami!

Sasami: Thank you.

Washu: How are you feeling Ryoko?

Ryoko: Just fine. So, mom has it hit you that you will be a grandma?

Washu: Of course it has! As a matter of fact I have to make a phone call. {She 
then pulled out a cell phone with a four and a half foot antenna.}

Tenchi: Washu! What is that!?

Washu: What the antenna? I am not about to waste my money on long distance bills 
when I could just add a bigger antenna.

Kiyone: Of Course.

Washu: Well anyway just give me a minute {She then turned on the phone and 
dialed a number}. Hmm, hmm, hmm, {The other line was ringing}. Hello? This is 
Washu, how are you Funaho? {Everyone got a sweatdrop} uh huh, uh huh, uh huh. 
Broke his leg, eh? He shouldn't be running in his old age. Oh nothing. My 
daughter Ryoko is pregnant. Yeah I know. Tenchi is the father. Surprising isn't 
he? Well now you will be a great-great grandma. Ok, ok! I won't say that! So 
how's Misaki? Well that's good to hear. Uh huh, uh huh, really? No? She did? She 
couldn't have? Really? {Everyone was now leaning in close to Washu} That much? 
Wow. Anyway I have to be going. Ok, bye Funaho! {She then hit a button and shut 
the phone off}. Hey! What are you all doing!?! {Everyone then backed away}

Ayeka: So how is my mother?

Washu: She is fine. You will not believe what she did! {Everyone leaned in}

Sasami: What did she do?

Washu: I'll tell you later {they all fell on the floor} I have to go back to the 
lab. {She then walked away.}

Sasami: Well I guess dinner's over. {Everyone got up and walked to the living 
room.}

CUT SCENE

Every one was in the living room watching TV and what not. on the sofa Tenchi 
was at one end talking the Ryoko, in the middle and Kiyone was at the other end. 
Ryoko the noticed how bored Kiyone looked. She also noticed how Kiyone was 
looking at Tenchi. She then turned to Kiyone.

Ryoko: How are you Kiyone?

Kiyone: Okay, I guess. Ryoko, do you mind if I talk to Tenchi?

Ryoko: Oh all right. {She then got up and sat in the loveseat next to Ayeka}

Kiyone: {She slid next to Tenchi}  Hi Tenchi. 

Tenchi: Oh hi Kiyone. What's up?

Kiyone: Oh nothing. {She the yawned} I'm so tired Tenchi.

Tenchi: Why do you go to bed?

Kiyone: No. I wouldn't dream of it. {She then lay down her head on his lap and 
he got a sweat drop} What's wrong Tenchi?

Tenchi: Well, {He then looked into her eyes and saw that she was really 
exhausted} oh nothing.

Kiyone: You know Tenchi I am really proud of you.

Tenchi: Why?

Kiyone: Well, you have been handling this whole thing like a real gentleman and 
if I'm right then you are happy that Ryoko is pregnant.

Tenchi: Did you expect that I wouldn't be?

Kiyone: No. You are too good of a person to abandon a pregnant woman or anything 
like that.

Tenchi: {He smiled} Thanks Kiyone. You're a good person too.

Kiyone: I know. I just wish I could be more then just a person though. {She then 
got up and walked upstairs}

Tenchi: I wonder..

CUT SCENE

Meanwhile Ryoko and Ayeka were, actually, having a friendly conversation.

Ryoko: So Ayeka are you jealous? ((Oh well, there goes that friendly 
conversation))

Ayeka: Actually no. I'm glad that Lord Tenchi is a father. I do wish it was me 
pregnant, but I guess I'll settle for that kiss he gave me. {She started to 
smile and blush just thinking about it}

Ryoko: WHAT?!? He kissed you? Aren't you lucky?

Ayeka: And he did it out of Love, not pity.

Ryoko: Are you saying that, what you mean is he and I were ARGGG you Bitch!

Ayeka: {Laughing} Oh Poor little oblivious Ryoko. You don't understand anything.

Ryoko: Yes I do.

Ayeka: Really? What?

Ryoko: Well I understand that he had sex with me, not you and he knocked me, not 
you up. That's better then any old kiss.

Ayeka: You really are hopeless.

Ryoko: Hopeless and Pregnant that is. More then you'll ever be with Tenchi. 

Ayeka: Whatever. I am going to bed now. Goodnight wench.

Ryoko: Goodnight bitch.

CUT SCENE

Tenchi saw Ayeka walk upstairs which only left Ryoko and him together. Mihoshi 
and Sasami went to bed while Ayeka and Ryoko were talking. Tenchi then got up 
and sat next to Ryoko.

Tenchi: So Ryoko what was all the yelling for?

Ryoko: Oh the usual bullshit. I saw that you and Kiyone were having a nice 
little conversation Hmm?

Tenchi: Oh, Well yeah. Is Kiyone okay? She seemed a little sad when she went to 
bed. She also said something about how she wants to be more then just a good 
person.

Ryoko: Oh I see. Well she did tell me something very interesting before. 

Tenchi: What?

Ryoko: If I tell you will you promise me you won't tell Kiyone?

Tenchi: Yes I promise.

Ryoko: Okay. I'll tell you.

CUT SCENE

Uh oh. We know find ourselves at the bridge on Tokimi's Ship! What is going on?

Tokimi: D3 are the preparations ready yet?

D3: Almost Lady. Just a few more days and everything will be ready.

Tokimi: Good. The Child of the two who bear my sisters powers must not be born!

CUT SCENE

Well, well, well. Didn't expect that to happen now did you all? Ryoko is fine, 
but Kiyone is sad. What exactly will Ryoko tell Tenchi? What will Kiyone and 
Mihoshi's force be like? Will I bring Sasami into play? What phone service does 
Washu have and where can I get it? Tokimi, Tokimi, Tokimi what does she really 
have in store for our friends? Do these pants make my butt look big? All this 
and more will be answered in the thrilling Third part of our story, Ryoko's 
Pregnancy! 
 

 
 


  
  
  


