Ryoko's Son
Disclaimer: I do not own most of these charechters. The only ones I own 
are Kanji, Nashashi, and Ashira. Thanks for not sewing me.
Written by: Kanji_D@hotmail.com
Special Thanks to My bro for giving me the idea.

Prelouge:
The calm before the storm

	Ryoko sat in her rocking chair knitting the black sleeper for her 
baby to come. Happiness overwealmed her as she thought of the new life 
that she would have. The cabin was decorated with a womens touch. The 
cobblestone fireplace lit, flowers on the mantle piece, a mauve rug 
under the chair. The windows immited a hazey sunlight. The windows were 
fogged from the snow. Pine invaded the room, and the christmas tree lit 
up with lights.

	It had been eight months. The doctor had said the baby was due 
this month, The doctor was a pretty lady, with long pink hair. She was 
young, perhaps a geunis. Ryoko looked older than her, she was of average 
height for a seventeen year old. With teal hair and grey eyes. She was a 
prime mountain woman, who made a living off lumber. In fact she helped 
the lumber jacks union once or twice.

	Kanji kicked at Ryoko, she winced and rubbed her protruding 
stomach. Dr. Washu had said it was a boy, so she named him after the 
japanese form of writing, Kanji. Ryoko had never married, and she had 
never slept with a man, it seemed strange on how Kanji came into 
existance. But she did love one person, the black haired boy she had 
gone to highschool with. Tenchi. Ryoko looked at the picture of her 
lover on the wall then back to the sleeper, she smiled and started 
knitting again.

	*	*	*

	Washu looked into the holographic chamber again, Ryoko sat in the 
rocking chair knitting. The once wild tiger had turned into a kitty. 
Washu sighed. Once her experiment was born she would take Ryoko from the 
room. On her calender that was tomorrow. It was three days before 
christmas. Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Grandpa, Nobyuki, and 
Ryohki were celebrating. Washu had to watch her daughter.

	Everone missed Ryoko, whithout her belligerence, mischiviouse, and 
damn good hearted fun soul. The house had become empty of one space 
pirate. Inside the holo room Ryoko's water had just broke. It switched 
to a hospital room where Robo-Washu had just started the labor process. 
The real Washu had chosen her daughter for this experiment. The first 
self fertilizing egg.

	The clock ticked down, and at 2:00 A.M. 12/22/00 Kanji was born. 5 
pounds. 12 inches. The baby was given to Ryoko, and for once tears 
poured from Ryoko to the babies soft skin. Washu stood outside of the 
holo room, and she cried to. She was a grandma.

*	*	*

	Tenchi and the gang watched Washus lab door. A sign above it said 
it's a boy. The door slid open, a mist emerged and two shadows appeared, 
Washu came ou first. And then Ryoko, she was cradiling the sleeping 
Kanji in her arms. Everyone shouted for joy, Ayeka did not make jokes 
that day. Nor did anyone go after Tenchi.

*	*	*


	"Well Kinohki it is the year 2002. And we've finally found her." 
Nagi said walking down the forest path to Tenchi's. "Didn't think she'd 
come here."

	The forest path twisted than faded away, ahead the house she had 
seen before. She entered through the back. On the couch was Ryoko. Ryoko 
looked up, she was shocked she looked down to somthing Nagi could not 
see, then stood up. "So you've found me. I'll go fight Nagi, but let me 
make some preperations." Ryoko bent down to the couch and picked up the 
baby, she held it in front of her. "Well Kanji, the day has come. Washu 
will take care of you. When I come back I'll teach you how to torture 
Ayeka." Ryoko put Kanji down and motioned her to follow into Washu's 
lab.

	That night two ship ascended into space, to somewhere even Washu 
could not find. No one heard the cries of the baby that night. Except 
Washu. Washu recalled Ryoko's tears. She hadn't changed much since 
Kanji's arrival, but now the flaw of feelings showed so much, and Washu 
knew that had led to her dissapearence.

Chapter 1
13 years beyond

	Kanji caught himself staring again as if waiting for someone to 
fall from the sky. He pulled his black hair from the right side of his 
face. Only to let it cover his right eye again. His left green eye 
showed. He looked back down to the broom in his hand and swept once 
more, the chore was done. Kanji wiped his green shirt with a broad black 
stripe running down the front. And pulled at his black pants. Grandpa 
appeared on the steps of the shrine.

	"Ready Kanji?" Grandpa said tugging at his silver mustache. His 
glasses made his eyes dissapear. "This time no teleporting."

	"Fine, lets go." Kanji ran into the forest and apeared into a man 
made clearing. Stums from trees stood every foot. Grandpa appeared with 
his Juraiin sword lit. Kanji lit his black energy staff.

	Grandpa jumped onto one of the stumps, sword lit, in a battle 
stance. Kanji sat oppisite in his battle stance. Grandpa lunged towards 
Kanji, Kanji evaded the attack. Spun around and slammed his staff into 
grandpa's back. Grandpa spun on his heel and aimed his sword towards 
Kanji. Kanji backflipped over Grandpa, and landed on a stump behind him. 
Grandpa turned again as Kanji lunged. Kanji spun in the air to hit 
Grandpa's front and back. Kanji landed on a stump, Grandpa was not moved 
by the attack. Grandpa jumped from log to log and slashed Kanji. Kanji 
almost lost footing, but recoverd to feel Grandpa's sword in his back. 
Kanji spun around and hit Grandpa's side, Grandpa lost footing and fell 
to the ground. He popped up and disengaged his sword.

	"Good job Kanji, but you could use a little work on your defense." 
Grandpa said. "But now I think your grandma wants a word. I'll leave you 
two alone." Grandpa briskly walked away out of the clearing.

	Washu walked in with her science academy uniform on. She had her 
pink hair long as always. She motioned Kanji to follow her. They walked 
down the stone steps leading to the Masaki household. Washu stopped to 
speak. "Kanji, your 15 now, and I thinks it's time for you to have a 
pet. Meet Jinohki." Washu put her arm into a portal that apeared in thin 
air. She rummaged about for a few seconds then sweatdropped and took her 
arm out. She proceeded to stick her whole head in, after a second she 
jumped in shock and took her head out, on her nose hung a black cabbit 
with green eyes, and a saphire on her forehead. "Jinohki..." She 
repeated pulling the cabbit off her nose.

	The cabit landed on the ground and tilted it's head, "Meow?" It 
sniffed Kanji's hand as the boy bent down. It smiled and pranced up 
Kanji's arm onto his shoulder.

	"Well, thanks Gandma. Need a lift home?" Kanji asked starting to 
float.

	"No thanks. I've got work here." Washu said putting her head down 
and mumbiling to herself.

	Kanji flew down the steps. He lowered himself inches over the lake 
and went his fastest, Jinohki held on for dear life. Water shot up 
behind Kanji's speeding body. It fell back into the embasy causing the 
mid day sun's reflection to shimmer wildly. The day was cool even for 
the middle of summer. The trees, grass and mountains surrounding the 
forest were bright and inviting. Sasami played in the field infront of 
the house with Azaka and Kamedake. The two logs were glad to serve her. 
Kanji flew over to them and landed on Azaka.

	"Hey Sasami." Kanji said.

	"Hey Kanji, wanna play tag?" Sasami said sitting on the grass.

	Kanji jumped down and lay beside her, clouds slowly marched 
through the sky. Jinohki jumped off Kanji's shoulder and curled up in a 
tuff of grass beside him. Sasami smiled at the cabbit, she ran her 
fingers over the small cabbits back.

	"Na, I'm beat. Had to train with Yosho."

	"Really, Who won?" Sasami had layed down also and was watching a 
particullary small cloud.

	"I did. The old man is getting slow." 
	
	Azaka and Kamedake left, apperently going to see someone elses 
orders.

	"You know Sasami, I kind of like you... I mean beyond friendship. 
Too bad I'm only a baby compared to you." Physicly Kanji was not. He had 
a slender build, and average height for a 15 year old. 

	Sasami looked like a 13 year old. She turned over to look at 
Kanji. "No your not. You just take longer for the Jurain blood to kick 
in."

	It was true, like Tenchi, it took at least 18 years for Jurain 
blood to take affect. Washu had taken everyones blood when making Kanji, 
so it only took 15. She had taken Jurain blood from Grandpa and inserted 
it into Nobyuki, so he would live a long time.

	"Yeah I guess." Kanji watched as the sky turned red. He got up and 
brushed off his hair. "Come on, It's almost dinner time." Kanji heard a 
voice say Ok ok I'm geting up.

	Jinohki got up and yawned as did Sasami. Kanji picked up Jinohki 
and hurried to the house with Sasami. They went into the kitchen to see 
Ayeka reading her annual manga.

	"Hey gran gran." Kanji said smirking.

	Ayeka shook furiously. She slowly put down her book and opened her 
big mouth. "WHAT DID YOU CALL ME?!"

	"Gran gran." Kanji said turning away and teleporting into the 
living room. 

	Infront of the T.V. was Mihoshi and Nobyuki watching a excercise 
program. Kiyoni came down the stairs to see them. "Mihoshi! What are you 
watching?"

	Mihoshi woke up with a sudden jolt. She had been sleeping with her 
eyes open, not the first time in the week. "Uh... Oops."

	Kanji heard the thundering steps of Ayeka, He ran up the stairs 
into his room and locked the door. He smirked as he heard, Ayeka ranting 
in the living room about spanking the little twerp that came from Ryoko.

*	*	*

	Kanji went into Ryoko's cave after dinner. At dinner Ayeka had 
shot dirty glances at Kanji, cursing under her breath. Kanji smirked to 
himself, it had been funny to see everyone look from him to Ayeka. 
Mihoshi had recieved yet another scolding, from the one who resembled 
Ayeka personality wise. Kiyone. Sasami was busy feeding carrots to 
Jinohki. Grandpa ate silently, as did Tenchi. They had learned to leave 
the girls alone. Nobyuki was not present he had forgotton some plans at 
the office. 

	The cave was dark, damp, and a bit chilly. Kanji had never gone 
far into the cave, but today was different. Kanji went down the long 
tunnel into a small room. A small boulder wrapped in a vine sat in the 
middle of the room. On the far wall was a model of a small house that 
had once held Sword-Tenchi. On the boulder was a small disk with a lens 
in the middle. A green button sat on one side of it. Kanji picked it up 
and pressed the button.

	A small figure of Ryoko apeared, she had dusty teal hair, and 
watery grey eyes. She spoke with a soft hoarse voice. "Kanji, my son. 
This is you mother. Well the day has come, I have gone off to fight Nagi 
my arch rival. So I have sent this message to you." She chuckled. 
"Another one of your Grandma's crazy inventions. Anyway, when you get 
this message you'll probably have your cabbit. So I want you to find me. 
Dead or alive. The family knows, so don't bother with any good bye's. As 
I promised I'll teach you how to torture Ayeka. If you already know than 
I've done a good job already. Well good-bye my son." The hologram faded 
away as fast as it a had come.

*	*	*

	Kanji placed his hands on the two smaller orbs. A warm feeling 
scared him and made him tilt right. The whole ship tilted right. Causing 
Ryoko's Cave to colapse. Kanji tilted left from shock, the ship did the 
same. It knocked over 3 trees before it stoped tilting.

	Washu and Sasami ran into the clearing and winced at the massecr. 
The ship shined in the evening light. It was black froming three pointed 
pillers in the form of a triangle. In the middle of the pillers was a 
blue saphire, that used to be Jinohki's forehead. They watched as the 
ship tilted towards the cave.

	"Where is the owners manual!?" Kanji sarcasticly asked. 

	A floating diomend came over and flashed on a text document, 
showing commands to control the ship. It gave a simple meow and floated 
away.

	"Wow, I was just joking. Oh well. Jinohki up!" Kanji said feeling 
the force of being slinged into space.

	Washu and Sasami watched silently, leaves cascaded around them in 
a tornado. Ayeka, Tenchi, Azaka, Kamedake, Kiyone, and Mihoshi ran into 
the clearing watching the distant ship dissapear. 

	"So he's gone." Tenchi said putting his hand on Washu's shoulder.

	"Yes. It seems that way." Kiyone said.

	"So we go after him." Washu said turning around. "Ryoko never said 
we couldn't go aftter him. Who's in?"

	"Me..." Sasami said finally turning to the group.

	"We support the princess!" Azaka and Kamedake yelled.

	"I suppose I go with those three." Ayeka said.

	"Well I'm going." Tenchi said pulling his sword out of his pocket. 
"I see that Ryoko is still alive."

	"We'll go. We've got the ship." Mihoshi said pulling Kiyone into 
the crowd. "Off on another adventure to find Ryoko."

	"Yes, it has been a while." Kiyone said. "But can we catch up."

	"Considering the speed ratio between your ship and his we can if 
he stops for at least three hours." Washu said. "So pack up and we leave 
tonight.

*	*	*

	Kanji teleported behind the gaurd and karate chopped his head. He 
grabbed the body before it thuded on the floor. Kanji had to be careful, 
this bank was full of sensors. Heat, Sound, Infared, Visual, and Motion. 
All on different systems. The room he was in contained the most 
importent. Visual, Heat, Sound, and Motion. Infared was on a different 
level of the bank. 

	Kanji had to get the money from Jurai First National Bank. He 
needed suplies, carots for Jinohki. Food for him, and clothing. The 
store owner had referred him to this bank. If Kanji wasn't careful he 
could become a wanted man. Jinohki floated on a nearby asteroid stop 
awaiting instructions.

	Before Kanji shut dowwn the system he downloaded a map into 
Jinohki's hard drive. He then shut down all operating systems. And 
destroyed the secondary power vaulve. Kanji couldn't help but think to 
easy. He smirked as he pryed the non working door open. He was amazed at 
his streghnth, one of the qualities od Jurain blood is the immense 
streghnth. Kanji floated down the dark hall, the clear metal around him 
showed the dark abyss of space. Only stars surrounded Kanji. The univers 
was his in that hall. Space disapeared as he emerged into a cross 
section.

	"Now what Jinohki?" Kanji asked to himself. A small voice entered 
his mind, that of a little girl. That little girl was Jinohki. Kanji 
knew he and Jinohki had a pshychic connection.

	"Left." Jinohki said in Kanji's mind.

	Kanji flew left, he heard Jinohki yell somthing else, to be 
careful of infared sensors. But to late. Kanji had flew through a field 
of them. Six floating disks came from the cross section behind him. They 
bounce of the walls advancing towards Kanji like pong disks. The 
sprouted green energy blades. Kanji flew for his life, six green lights 
infront of him meant he was trapped. Kanji lit his energy staff. He flew 
towards the ones infront of him. He spun his staff anf sliced three 
disks. He flew past the other three. They stopped and followed Kanji. 

	Kanji spun around so he was flying backwards. He heald his hand 
towards the disks charginf a blast. A black ball lit in his hand. He 
shot it at the middle disk. Causing it to explode the other eight. He 
spun back around and stopped in a room with two elevators.

	"Which one?" Kanji asked.

	"Left, go down and suck all the air out of the vault, because 
theres two gaurds. Then let the air back in and go all the way up."

	Kanji entered the elevator and pressed the down key, the elevator 
sped down into a small room with a lever. He pulled the lever for five 
minuetes and pushed it back up. He then entered the elevator and sped to 
the vault. The vault door was closed. A little console beside it was 
Kanjis entrence. He popped the top. 5 wires of different coulor sat in 
there.

	"Which wire, Blue, Red, Green, Yellow, or Black."

	"The map has no data. I would go with Red, it's always the red 
wire."

	"Ya but they might think a dumb robber would think that." With 
that Kanji cut the red wire. The door slid open. "But even a dumb robber 
knows thar termenoligy."

	Kanji entered the room to see piles of Jurai credits. He filled 
his sash. "Ok Jinohki lets crash this party."

	The ship crashed through the ceiling, Kanji teleported into it. He 
backed up and ordered Jinohki to fire at the station. The ship blew up 
internally along with gaurds, robots, and any evidence that Kanji was 
there. They sped off into the galaxy.

*	*	*

	The pink galaxy patrol ship flew at it's fastest towards Jinohki. 
After 3 hours of pursuit they had caught up. Washu noticed a third blip 
on the screen. It flew at incredible speed towards Jinohki. Washu tyoed 
furiously to get any information on it. A screen blipped up showing a 
galaxy patrol ship painted in the decor of a Jaguar. The piolet was 
named Nashashi and he worked for a corporation of bounty hunters.

	"Any information Washu?" Tenchi asked putting his hand on her 
shoulder.

	"Ya read this."

	Washu pulled up onto another computer and typed up offenses 
against Kanji. Up came a picture of Kanji stealing money. It said he was 
a class a crimanel. For theft, destruction of property, speeding, 
orgainized crime, and... murder. Murder of ten guards at The Jurai First 
National Bank.

*	*	*

	An image of a man with blue hair and hazel eyes. The man had sharp 
features and tan skin. He wore a black jumpsuit, and carried what looked 
like the hilt of a sword. He spoke with a deep voice. "Kanji, you are 
being arrested by the bounty hunter Nasashi, that is me. Go to the 
asteroid that will apear on your scanner. We will battle for your 
freedom."

	Kanji saw a fourth blip on the the biggest orb appear. It came in 
from the upper left corner and stopped in Kanji's path. Kanji sped up 
towards the Asteroid. He was itching for a fight. Kanji emmerged into a 
big arena. Jinohki turned back to cabbit form as Kanji landed in a small 
tuff of space dust. In the distance with his green sword lit sat the 
bounty hunter. Nashashi.

*	*	*

	Washu typed furiously to break the forcefield that seperated them 
from the arena. Suddenly the screen showed the two men in the arena. It 
was from an angle so the audiance could see both fighters. 

	A computerized voice entered the console. "Ladies, and Gentelmen. 
The fight between good and evel has reached another point in time. 
Kanji, the class a crimanal, versus Nashashi the number one bounty 
hunter. This could be another Ryoko and Nagi experiance."

*	*	*

	Kanji lit his staff, in a flash the two foes had lunged and met in 
mid attack. Kanji backflipped away from the shadow and lunged again. 
Instead of attacking him head on Kanji front flipped over Nashashi spun 
around and slashed his back verticly and diagonaly. Kanji darted foward 
to the now falling over Nashashi and elbowed his back. 

	Nashashi gained balance and slashed Kanji's side as he flew over. 
The two paused facing eachother in cold stares. There eyes said nasty 
things to eachother. Nashashi lunged again only to be blocked by the 
black staffs top. The bottom half of Kanjis staff hit Nashashi's 
stomach. Nashashi stummbled back. Kanji darted towards. He was open for 
an attack. Before Kanji was able to slice he felt the hot laser enter 
his side, and the cold metal hilt bump his skin.

	The pain wasn't there for a little while. Only the sizziling 
blade. But as Nasahsi pulled it out he screamed. Screamed for 
everything, and everybody he loved. The forcefield around the arena 
broke and a fire surrounded the two warriors. A shadow emmerged from the 
flames. Nashashi ran back to his ship and left Kanji helpless. The 
shadow loomed over him and he felt his eyes sink into darkness.

To be continued.
Well thats not the end folks. But who was the shadow? Some might think 
it was Washu or Tenchi. You might be right, but why would Nashashi run 
from them? I leave you with that question. Until the next chapter in the 
Ryoko's son Saga. 
