Ryouko's Loss: The Power of Heart


Chronicle Prologue:
Epitaph

The progression walked moved slowly, reverently up the steps that led to the
Masaki temple.  The somber atmosphere and almost palpable feeling of loss that
weighed the shoulders of those walking was reflected in the clouds as they hung
heavy in the sky.  Azaka and Kamadaki, the loyal Jurain Guardians, led the group
– a small urn suspended between them.  Following behind them in a double
column walked the inhabitants of the Masaki household, as well as the king and
queens of Jurai.
When Tenchi had seen that Azusa had accompanied his wives, he was quite
surprised.  He'd figured that Funaho or Misaki had browbeaten the dour king into
showing up, but the king had come on his own.  He'd come to pay his respects. 
He'd come to say good-bye.  Tenchi could do nothing but nod his head.  Now the
Crowned-Prince of Jurai followed solemnly behind the guardians, lost in his own
thoughts.
The procession stopped, having arrived at the temple, where Yousho was waiting
in his priest's garb.  He bowed to the procession, then led them to a small
building, which he blessed before sliding the door aside.  The Juraian guardians
floated into the small shrine, placing the urn carefully on a pedestal that had been
prepared for it.  Then they floated back and away, taking a position just behind
the mourners.  Tenchi looked into the shrine, glancing at the urn that had been in
it for years.  An urn that he had rarely visited lately.  Tears flowed down his face
as long pent up feelings resurfaced.  At least you'll have company, mother.
Yousho chanted softly as he burned incense in the braizers next to the open
shrine.  For several minutes the procession stood silently, listening to the soft
words that he intoned.  Then he was done, and all was quiet.  Azusa nodded once
then turned and walked back to the house.  Misaki hugged her two daughters and
Tenchi, then followed.  Funaho bowed to the shrine, then to Tenchi, and
departed.  Which left Sasami, Aeka, and Tenchi.  Sasami spoke first.
"Tenchi-niichan." she called to him.  "Tenchi-niichan, we should go now.  There's
nothing more we can do."
Tenchi nodded numbly, but his body wouldn't listen.  He just couldn't make
himself believe this had happened.
"Anata?"
Tenchi started and turned to Aeka; to his beautiful wife.
"Anata, Sasami's right.  We should go.  This isn't the right way to honor her
death." Aeka choked out.  "Not like this."
Tenchi blinked once then nodded numbly.  He took one last look at the urns, then
turned and walked back to the steps.  Sasami and Aeka watched him disappear
quietly over the hill, then they turned to the shrine.  Sasami blinked, then rushed
forward and hugged the pedestal, loosing her hold on her tears.
"Gomenasai." she sobbed.
"Sasami…" Aeka began. But her sister turned and bolted, running down the
steps.  Aeka watched her go then turned to the shrine and dropped to her knees.
"Good-bye you annoying demon." she said, feeling tears of her own falling. 
"Good-bye and… thank you.  You will be missed."
Aeka ran her hand down the symbols on the pedestal, feeling the name engraved
there.
Hakubi Ryouko
"You will be missed." she said, then rose and ran from the shrine and the temple. 
Yousho watched as everyone left, then he quietly, reverently, closed the shrine.


One
Marital Bliss

Masaki Tenchi brushed the sweat from his brow as he straightened.  He looked
down at the neat rows of carrot stalks, smiling at his handiwork.  Well, next
year's crop is planted, he thought.  Then laughed.  Actually, this is more like
next month's supply, the way Ryou-ouki eats.  He stretched his back, set his hoe
on his shoulder, and walked back to the house.  I can almost smell Sasami's
cooking right now.
Hakubi Ryouko stretched from her resting spot, yawning wide.  She blinked,
bleary eyed, and looked about.  Hearing the sound of sizzling from the kitchen
she guessed that Sasami was busy with what she did best.  Ryouko smiled, her
mouth watering already.  Jumping from her perch, she phased out several feet
from the floor, then back in over the sofa.  Dropping the last few feet onto the
couch, she started to engage in her favorite past time – lounging about.
"I'm home!" Tenchi called as he stepped into the house.  Ryouko's head shot up
and she spun around, a smile spreading on her face.  Okay, so maybe lounging
was her second favorite past time.  She leapt from the sofa and phased out just as
Tenchi finished taking off his shoes.
"TENCHI!" she yelled, appearing next to him and wrapping her arms about his
neck.  Tenchi started, then blinked as the shapely demon pressed against him.  He
struggled with his baser instincts for a split second, then pushed Ryouko away.
"Ryouko, stop that." he said.  The demon floated a respectful distance back and
smiled.
"How was your day Tenchi?" she asked.  Tenchi eyed Ryouko for a second
before answering.
"A bit tiring.  How long before Sasami is done with lunch?" he asked.  Ryouko
shrugged.
"Probably a couple of hours."
"Good." Tenchi said, then yawned.  "I'm going to get some sleep."
"Okay."
Tenchi started up the stairs to his room, but something made him stop and turn
around.  Ryouko floated just a few feet behind him.  He started then blinked.
"Ryo — Ryouko?"
The demon smiled and waved.  Tenchi frowned.
"Ryouko, I'm going to get some sleep.  I need my rest." he said.  Ryouko nodded
vigorously.
"I understand, Tenchi." she said, then floated closer to him.  "I can help you
relax."
Tenchi blinked, beads of sweat breaking out on his brow.
"Um… I don't think that would be a good idea," he said around a gulp.  "What if
Aeka found out?"
"That stuck up princess?  What if she did?"
Tenchi backed away, smiling.
"Anyway, I'm going to bed now, and I don't want you in my room.  Okay?"
Ryouko sighed, then nodded.
"Okay Tenchi." she said, then phased out.  Tenchi waited a few minutes, then
sighed and went into his room.  Ryouko was waiting for him, hovering over his
bed, one leg exposed suggestively.  Tenchi goggled, then gulped hard.  Ryouko
smiled and beckoned Tenchi over.
"Ryo – Ryouko?" he stammered.  Ryouko blinked slowly.  Tenchi just stared,
aware that he was breaking out in a sweat again.  "Ryo – Ryouko, I said I needed
to get my rest"
Ryouko flowed over to Tenchi and landed next to him.
"Are you sure I can't help you?" she asked.  Tenchi looked at her, gulped again
and nodded, not trusting his voice.  Ryouko sighed deeply, then sank into the
floor.  Tenchi blinked at the spot where the demon had vanished then conducted
a thorough search of his room.  Finally certain that Ryouko had indeed left, he
yawned and climbed into bed.

Ryouko floated serenely down into the living room, chuckling to herself.  She
really did like teasing Tenchi like that, even though he always rejected her
advances.  Of course, the one time he didn't – Ryouko chuckled again at the
possible expression on his face.  She was so happy with herself that she didn't
notice as a door appeared in a near-by wall and opened.  Washu, arguably the
Great Scientific Mind in the Universe, stepped from her dimensional laboratory
and looked up at the demon.  The scientist smiled and watched as her daughter
fulfilled some private fantasy, probably involving her and Tenchi.
"Ryouko-dear." Washu called, spurred by that thought.  The demon spun around,
her look of joy erased as she scowled down at the adolescent Washu.
"What do you want, Mom?" she asked, the last word snarled out with heavy
sarcasm.  Washu blinked up at her daughter then shook her head.
"Ryouko-dear, have you seen Tenchi.  I need to talk to him about an experi –
er… something." Washu asked, cursing herself for her slip.  Ryouko started, then
frowned and turned away from the scientist.
"And why should I tell you?" she asked.  "Every time you take Tenchi down into
that mad scientist lab of yours, you're trying to take advantage of him."
"What are you afraid of, Ryouko-dear?" Washu asked slyly, then her voiced
dropped seductively.  "Afraid he'll chose me over you?"
Ryouko spun around – and gaped.  Washu had adopted her "adult" persona and
was striking a very suggestive pose.  Ryouko scowled again then turned her nose
up.
"Yeah.  Sure.  Think what you want." she said.  "If you think Tenchi wants you
over me, you're crazy."
"Well.  I suppose I could just show Tenchi your baby pictures." Washu said, back
to her child-like appearance.  Ryouko cringed.
"Okay.  Okay." she said.  "He's…  in the fields."
"Thank you Ryouko-dear." Washu said, as she left.  Ryouko waved and smiled.
"You're welcome." she replied as Washu left.  "Sucker."
Ryouko chuckled as she phased out.

Washu searched through the fields for the better part of an hour before a strange
thought occurred to her.  My little Ryouko lied to me.  Washu actually chuckled
at the revelation of how devious Ryouko can get to protect Tenchi.  Of course,
I'll have to punish her, Washu decided.  Can't have the children thinking they
can pull one over on their mothers.
With that thought the greatest Scientific mind in the universe walked back to the
Masaki household, a plan already forming in her mind.

"Why did you drag me down here, Miss Washu?" Aeka demanded as Washu
pulled her into the dimension that housed the scientist's laboratory.  She
deposited the angry princess in a chair, then walked over to a cabinet.
"I need your help with an experiment." she red-haired scientist confided as she
rummaged through a drawer.
"Hmph.  Well, you could have just asked." Aeka retorted.
Washu emerged from her foray into the drawer with a pair of shears in her hand. 
Aeka cringed.
"If I'd asked you'd have walked down here willingly?" Washu said, advancing on
the princess.  "I don't think so."
Aeka began a very inspiring climb over the back of the chair she was in.
"Miss Washu!  What are you going to do with those – those scissors?" she
screamed as the scientist moved ever closer.  Washu stopped, turned to the
scissors and started.
"Oh my.  Wrong instrument." she said, tossing the scissors over her shoulder. 
She held her hands out and her keyboard dutifully appeared.  She typed a few
commands, as Aeka was resuming a normal sitting posture, and produced a
strange looking helmet.  Washu placed this on Aeka's head before the princess
could object then flicked a switch.  The machine hummed to life and began a
strange, pulsing dance.  Aeka looked up at the machine, eyes nearly crossed.
"What is it doing?" she asked Washu, who had wandered off.
"It's taking a hair sample.  I need it for some DNA testing." the scientist
explained while moving a large box into a corner.
"Oh." Aeka said just as the device chimed.  Washu looked up from her task then
removed the device from Aeka's head.  The princess felt a breeze wash across the
top of her head and reached up – to a bald head.
"EEEEEEEEE!" she screamed, feeling along her bald scalp.  "Miss Washu! 
What have you done?"
"Don't call me Miss." Washu said, pulling a purple bundle from the device. 
"Here."
A tube sailed across the space between Washu and Aeka.  The princess angrily
grabbed it.
"Just rub it on your head.  Your hair will grow back in short order." Washu
explained as she walked to a large machine.  Aeka looked from Washu to the
tube, and back.  She shrugged, spread the compound thoroughly in the palm of
her hand and rubbed it onto her scalp.
"Is that all, Washu-chan?" Aeka asked as her head began tingling.  Washu waved
at her without turning.
"Yes.  That's all."
Aeka blinked once, then turned and began walking to the teleporter.  Even before
she left her hair had grown down to her waist.  Washu paid no attention to the
retreating princess as she smiled while watching the information scroll down her
screen.

Tenchi stretched and yawned, blinking open his eyes.  That was refreshing, he
thought as he sat up, turned, and started.  Ryouko was floating beside his bed,
stretched out with her hands supporting her head.  Tenchi, mouth flat, got out of
bed and walked toward the sleeping demon.
"Tenchi." Ryouko mumbled.  "Tenchi, don't worry.  I'll protect you."
Tenchi stopped, his angry retort dying on his lips.  He looked at Ryouko then
shook his head and smiled.  Quietly he tiptoed out of his room and headed for the
kitchen.  The familiar aromas of Sasami's cooking reached his nose and set his
mouth watering.
"Aeka-oneechan!  Is that you?" Sasami called from the kitchen.
"No Sasami.  It's me."
"Tenchi-niichan!  Dinner's almost ready, Tenchi-niichan.  Would you get
everyone for me please?"
"Sure Sasami." Tenchi replied.  Just as he turned he came face to face with
Washu.  He started, taking an involuntary step back.
"Washu-chan.  You scared me." he said.
"Ah, Tenchi-dono.  Just the person I wanted to see."
Tenchi blinked at Washu as she grabbed his hand and began leading him into her
workshop.
"I just need a hair sample from you." she explained.
"Um, okay Washu-chan." he said, then thought for a second and covered his
groin.  "Wait a minute?  Just where are you going to get the hair from?"
Washu stopped, surprised.  She turned around, noticed where Tenchi's hand was
and the coloration of his cheeks, and started.  Then she laughed lightly.
"Don't worry, Tenchi-dono.  I'm after the hair on top of your head." she said
dragging him into the closet.
"Oh, okay." Tenchi said.
"For now." Washu added.

A few minutes later a bemused Tenchi walked out of Washu's workroom, his hair
just now beginning to grow in.  He blinked a couple of times, then noticed that
everyone – except Washu – was waiting for him at the table.  Ryouko stared at
his head as he sat.
"What happened to your hair?" she asked.
"Washu-chan said she need a hair sample.  She didn't tell me she was going to
take it all." he explained.
"Oh my.  But look, it's growing back quickly." Mihoshi pointed out.
"Yeah.  So I guess it's alright." Tenchi said.
"It is not alright!  Darn that Washu!  Doing this to my Tenchi." Ryouko growled.
"He's not your Tenchi!" Aeka spat.
"Please, not at the table." Mihoshi pleaded.
Tenchi sighed as Aeka and Ryouko squared off.  Some days I just wish the
fighting between those two would stop, he thought as he began eating.

Later that evening, as Tenchi was heading for the living room to watch some
television, Washu stepped from her workspace, a small bundle in her hands.  She
looked about for a second before her gaze fell on Tenchi.
"Tenchi-dono." she called.  Tenchi stopped and stepped back.
"Er… Sorry Washu-chan, but no more hair today." he said.  Washu smiled.
"No, no.  I was just wondering if you could hold onto to this for me." she
explained holding the bundle out.
"Um, sure." Tenchi said, reaching for the bundle.
"No, Tenchi-dono.  Like this."
Washu expertly manipulated Tenchi's arms so that he was cradling the bundle like
she had been.
"There you are." Washu said, satisfied.  Then she turned and walked back into
her closet, chuckling quietly to herself.  Tenchi watched her go, slightly confused. 
He looked down at the bundle in his hands, wondering about its shape.  You
know, it kind of looks like…
The bundle sneezed.
"Bless you." Tenchi said, then started.  He blinked, then slowly pulled the
covering away from the object he held.  Soft, wide purple eyes stared up at him
from a small head topped with black hair.  A trusting innocent smile greeted his
confused look, and small hands reached for his face.  Tenchi blinked again.  Just
then Ryouko appeared next to him.
"Oi Tenchi." she said, then looked down at the bundle.  She did a double take
and stared.  "Tenchi dear, what are you doing with this child?"
Tenchi could do nothing but shake his head.  Aeka chose that moment to walk in
from the living room.  She took one look at the bundle in Tenchi's arms, at the
features that stared up at her in a loving fashion and blushed.
"Tenchi-dear, please bring our child into the living room so everyone can meet
her." she said.
"WHHAAAAATTT!?!?!" Ryouko and Tenchi screamed in unison.  Ryouko
looked from Aeka to Tenchi to the child and back, several times.  Tenchi just
looked stunned.
"No way!" Ryouko screamed.  "There is no way that this is your child!"
"Why would you say that?" Aeka said as she took the child from Tenchi. 
Cradling the baby she rocked her in gentle, slow motions.
"Because.." Ryouko began, then looked at the child.  Those eyes, she thought. 
They're the same color as Aeka's.  And her hair.  Ryouko looked over to Tenchi,
to his short black hair, and then to the baby's straight black hair.  She shook her
head in denial.
"No.  I know because you haven't been pregnant." she screamed.  Aeka just
laughed.
"Ryouko dear, if you doubt that this is the child of Tenchi and myself, we can
always ask Washu to do a DNA test."
"Fine!  We'll do that!" Ryouko snarled, then turned to the closet door. 
"WASHU!"
Ryouko burst into Washu's lab, as much as someone could burst into a
dimension.  Washu looked from the box she was moving and blinked at the
procession.  Ryouko stormed over, her eyes more furious than Washu had ever
seen them.  Behind Aeka was carrying the child that the scientist had given to
Tenchi, who was bringing up the rear thoroughly bemused.  Washu smiled.
"Ryouko-dear, what is it?" she asked.
"What –How – Why.." the demon sputtered.  Washu blinked at her, then looked
to Aeka.
"Aeka-dono, what has my daughter so worked up?"
"I believe it's this child, Washu-chan.  Ryouko seems to think that I am lying
about the child being the off-spring of Tenchi and myself."
"And so you want me to do a DNA crossmatch against you and Tenchi, right?"
"If it would be no trouble, Washu-chan."
Washu gave Aeka a strange look.
"Trouble?  How droll."
The scientist approached Aeka, holding a small yellow ball, which she placed on
the baby's head.  The child giggled, causing the impromptu face on the sphere to
giggle in response.  Washu smiled down at the child, then summoned her
computer.
"I already have yours and Tenchi's DNA pattern stored.  All I have to do is
recover those."
She tapped some keys.
"Combine them, taking in consideration factors during conception like angle,
duration…"
"Washu-chan!!" Tenchi and Aeka screamed.  Washu looked up.
"Um, well yes."
More tapping.
"And now we cross reference that with the child's DNA pattern and voila!" she
said, turning her computer towards her visitors.  The three looked down at the
two graphic representations on the screen.  The confused looks on their faces
prompted Washu to tap some more keys, which caused the pictures to slowly
cover each other, until only one graphical representation remained.
"Not quite one-hundred percent.  But ninety-nine-point-seven-five-three-four is
close enough." Washu explained.  "It goes on further if you'd like me to
conitnue."
Aeka shook her head.
"I think that will suffice, Washu-chan.  Thank you."
Ryouko just stood there, slack-jawed.
"No way." she whispered.