By: Maikeru Dugan
Title: Ryoko's Emotions
E-mail: Darkchild@aol.com 

Disclaimer: I do not any of the characters from any of the Tenchi series, Pioneer 
and AIC does.  DON'T SUE ME! 


Chapter 1 - Heart Break
	Ryoko woke on a beautiful July afternoon.  When she laid first laid down to 
sleep, it was about ten in the morning, although she couldn't be sure because she 
didn't actually look at the clock.  She had only gotten a few hours sleep because 
she had on out on town with Ayeka, Washu, Mihoshi, and Kiyone.
	They had all gone to the best karaoke bar in town, testing their skills 
against the rating machine and each other.  Kiyone had scored the highest with an 
impressive 89%, while Mihoshi came in a close second with 85%.  Herself and Ayeka 
went next and managed to get a tie score of 79% (they wound up arguing about who 
was the better singer anyway).  Washu had gone last and scored an embarrassing 
47%.  Washu had stormed home after that.

	Ryoko got out of bed and looked into her closet for something to wear.  She 
ended up picking out the white and red dress that showed a lot of cleavage, and 
the jacket that went with it.  She then looked in the mirror, fixing her gray-
green hair into its usual erect position.  She took a look at her body.  She 
admired her curves and bends while she checked each part and felt her own smooth 
skin.  Feeling satisfied with herself, she phased through the floor to see if 
Sasami could make her a late lunch.

	Ryoko came down to the kitchen and only saw Ayeka sitting at the table, 
drinking some tea.  Oddly enough, when she saw Ryoko she gave her a huge smile.  
It wasn't like a smirk either, it was like an, I'm happy to see you, smile.  
Ryoko thought that Ayeka's actions were strange, but decided to ignore her and 
continue looking for Sasami.
"Ayeka, do you know where Sasami is?  I'm a bit hungry," Ryoko said.
"She is out sweeping the shine.  I don't want you to interrupt her, so I'd 
be happy to cook you something," Ayeka relied with a hint of joy in her voice.
 	Ryoko, thinking this was even stranger than the smile, couldn't take it any 
longer.  "What is with you today?  First you smile at me, then you offer to make 
me lunch?  Why are you being so damn nice?" Ryoko burst out.
"Because of last night," Ayeka said, a little shocked.
"Nothing happened last night," Ryoko replied, trailing off a bit.
"Come on Ryoko, think!  Please tell you remember what you said, what you 
did!" Ayeka yelled.
Ryoko tried hard to think of something but couldn't think of a thing.  
"Nope.  I can't remember," she said with a sigh.
"No," Ayeka managed to say as she left the room with tears streaming her 
face.  "What just happened?" Ryoko asked herself.
	
Chapter 2 - Ayeka's Emotions
		Ayeka ran up to her room and closed the door.  She felt awful after 
what happened with Ryoko.  She couldn't believe what happened.  She had a 
foreboding this would happen though.  All the malice that Ryoko felt towards her 
couldn't just be forgotten with one long, passionate kiss.  What a kiss it was 
too!  
	Ayeka had fallen for Ryoko right then and there, even though she had strong 
feelings for her beforehand, she would never think it could be of this magnitude.  
She didn't feel this way when she thought she was in love with Tenchi.
	'I knew it was too good to be true,' Ayeka thought as she felt even more 
tears coming on.  'And now Sasami knows that I have feelings for her.'  
	The worst part of the situation was that Ryoko couldn't even remember what 
went on between them.  This wouldn't be so bad if she had gotten a little further 
with Ryoko.  One kiss was not enough to calm her emotions.  Now they seemed to be 
kicked into full gear.  Ayeka craved to feel Ryoko's soft lips against her own.
	This feeling was just too indescribable to put into works.  Ayeka's heart 
was broken and she feared it would never be able to mend.

	Ryoko searched the house for any sign of Ayeka.  She couldn't find the 
Jurian princess anywhere in the deserted house.  She felt so bad for some reason.  
Ryoko really did remember what happened, but she wasn't ready for this.  She had 
mixed feelings about the subject that she couldn't even begin to go through.  
Ryoko didn't even know what these new feelings were that were growing inside of 
her.  All Ryoko knew was that she had to find Ayeka and apologize before 
something happened that they would both regret.

Chapter 3 - New Love (Flashback of Last Night)
	Ayeka walked home with Ryoko on that warm July night.  It was July 7th to be 
exact.  Ayeka wanted to make sure that she remembered this date; for this was the 
night she would confess her love to Ryoko.  Ayeka would tell her about the 
feelings she first had for Ryoko about 5,000 years ago.
	When they were just children, was when she first laid eyes on the radiant 
beauty.  Of course back then; she didn't know what the feeling was.  As Ayeka got 
older, she knew the feelings that she held for Ryoko could only be described as 
love.  When Ayeka found a suitor for marriage, her heart was broken.  She knew 
she wouldn't be able to live with herself if she went through with the marriage.  
So Ayeka left Jurai for Earth, were Ryoko was rumored to be.  
	Ayeka longed to see her true love again.  When she got to Earth and she 
finally saw Ryoko again, her breath was taken away.  Ryoko's more mature body 
could only be compared to the goddess of beauty, Aphrodite.  Ayeka was 
speechless, unable to anything to her.  Unfortunately, Ryoko mistook her staring 
as the result Ayeka's fears of her because of Ryoko's previous career as a space 
pirate.  Ayeka had no ideas of gray-green haired beauty's adventures as a villain 
and she didn't care.  
	When Ryoko jumped on Tenchi as an act of love, Ayeka couldn't bare it and 
she demanded that it stop.  Everyone then thought that Ayeka also had a thing for 
Tenchi, so she went with it as a cover up.  Every time that saw Ryoko look at 
Tenchi with those adoring eyes, it was a knife tearing through Ayeka's heart.
	This was the real reason that Ryoko and Ayeka fought so much.  Everything 
was going to change tonight though, because tonight Ayeka was going to tell Ryoko 
how she really feels.

	"Nice night, isn't it?" Ayeka began. "The kind of night when love blooms."  
Ayeka was desperately that she had made the right decision.  "Yeah, really gets 
your emotions going, doesn't it?  All the warmth and the light breeze is nice and 
refreshing.  The beautiful scenery and the bright white stars set the mood for 
couples," she said while gazing upwards.  
'Okay, here it goes,' Ayeka thought.

	Ryoko admiringly looked at the stars, remembering her space pirate days.
	"You know Ryoko," Ayeka said in a quiet voice, "It makes my emotions go 
too.  All I can think of is love and getting close to feel the support of the 
person I love."
	"Still on Tenchi, I see," Ryoko said.
	"No.not Tenchi," Ayeka answered her.
	"If not Tenchi, than who?" Ryoko asked, shocked.
	"Umm.well, who I mean is.you," she said in a voice barely above a whisper.
	Ryoko, caught by complete shock, tripped over own foot and began to tumble 
to the ground.  Ayeka caught her before she hit the pavement.  Ryoko looked up 
into Ayeka's eyes and saw that she was really telling the truth.  With that 
known, she moved up and kissed Ayeka's soft lips.  
	It felt kind of nice kissing her, to forget all of their fighting and just 
be swept into it.  Ryoko looked into Ayeka's eyes.  She had seen that look 
before.  It was the look of love, the look of a joy that could not be described 
with words.  Ryoko leaned in for another kiss, but Ayeka stopped her.  "I need to 
know how you feel first.  I need to know if you if you feel anything back."
	Ryoko hesitated a moment before answering.  "I love you, Ayeka."
	Ayeka now moved in and kissed Ryoko.  Ryoko could feel the kiss become more 
intense when Ayeka slipped her tongue into her mouth.  This surprised Ryoko at 
first, but then she gave back the kiss.  After what seemed like an eternity, they 
stopped, gasping for breath.  They gave one more quick kiss, then began to head 
for home, hand in hand.

Chapter 4 - Explanation
	Ryoko came back inside from her search through the woods.  She had had no 
luck finding Ayeka, so she decided to wait for her to come home.  'How could I 
have done that to her?' Ryoko thought.  'I can't believe how cruel I was.  I 
should have thought of her feelings too, not just my own.'
	She heard a knock on the door.  Ryoko ran to the door, yelling Ayeka's 
name.  She flung open the door and embraced the person standing there.  Looking 
up, she discovered it wasn't Ayeka, but Kiyone.
	"Sorry, I thought you were somebody else," Ryoko said meekly.
	"Ayeka.  Right," Kiyone answered with concerned.
	Ryoko looked at her and wondered how she knew.  As if Kiyone could read her 
mind, she answered the question Ryoko was thinking.  "I heard you call her name 
from outside.  Do you wanna talk about it?  I'm always willing to listen."
	Ryoko thought it over and then answered yes.  They walked to the living 
room and sat down on the couch.  "Me and Ayeka." Ryoko began before she was cut 
off by the sudden beeping of a watch.
	Mihoshi jumped up and started to turn on the TV.
	"What are you doing Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked
	"It's five o'clock!  Time for my favorite show, Space Police Policeman!" 
she answered with joy.
	"Can't you be more considerate of Ryoko?!" Kiyone yelled.
	"I'm sorry Kiyone.I didn't mean to be so stupid," Mihoshi answered with 
tears coming from her eyes.  Mihoshi's actions reminded Ryoko of how Ayeka had 
cried earlier.
	"Kiyone, it's okay.  Let's go down to my room," Ryoko said.  They walked 
down Ryoko's bedroom and sat on the bed.  Ryoko started over, starting with what 
happened last night, and leading up to today.
	"You really hurt her Ryoko," Kiyone said.
	"I know.  I was too scared to say anything else.  I just don't think that 
I'm ready for this kind of relationship," Ryoko responded.  Her voice was 
beginning to crack.
	"Then why did you tell her you loved her?" 
	"I.because.I meant it." Ryoko managed to say with tears in her golden 
colored eyes.  "Please, just help me find her.  I don't want to cause her anymore 
suffering."
	"Okay.  I'll help you find her," Kiyone said.
	Ryoko dried her tears and got up.  This time she was going to be honest.  
This time she wouldn't take it back.  This time, she wouldn't hurt Ayeka again.

	Ayeka walked around in the woods.  She had gotten lost after she left the 
house.  She had to find Ryoko to see if she could tell her one more time.  She 
wanted to look into Ryoko's pretty eyes and tell her that she loved her.  She had 
to tell her how much she meant to her, how she couldn't live another day without 
telling her.  Ayeka couldn't live with herself knowing that she had tried to tell 
her, but was turned away.  'I have to tell her again, one last time.'  With her 
confidence renewed, she started to find her way out of the woods with only her 
heart as her beacon.

	Ryoko walked out of the house holding a flashlight.  She looked down at the 
ground and closed her eyes.  She concentrated as hard as she could to detect 
Ayeka's chi. Ryoko sensed a powerful chi about 3 miles to the north.  "Kiyone, I 
know where she is.  Come here."
	Kiyone stepped next to her and Ryoko took Kiyone around the waist.  Ryoko 
flew up into the air, heading towards Ayeka.

Ayeka walked into the deserted cave.  She figured this would be adequate 
shelter for the night.  She decided to give up trying to find her way home for 
now.  She would continue in the morning, when she could see where she was going.  
Ayeka had been walking a long time anyway and fatigue had finally gotten the best 
of her.  She was still thinking of her love, but was afraid that if she carried 
on any longer she would collapse and never be able to get up again.  
'Ryoko.please accept me.'  This was Ayeka's last thought before she drifted into 
a heavy, welcoming sleep.

Ryoko could feel Ayeka's chi force becoming stronger by the minute.  "Are 
we close?" Kiyone asked, hopefully.
"Yes, only a few more seconds," Ryoko answered.  She honestly couldn't wait 
to she Ayeka's stunning face again.  Ryoko was becoming more used to the idea of 
loving Ayeka.  She didn't find it as she first did.  Now she could only feel the 
joy of finding her true love.
"She should be near this area," Ryoko said.  She went down to the ground 
and set Kiyone down.  Ryoko felt Ayeka's energy as if she was standing right next 
to her.  Kiyone walked away and started searching. 
They looked for about twenty minutes before Kiyone called out to Ryoko.  
"Hey Ryoko!  I found a cave!"  Ryoko teleported next to her.
"Do you mind waiting outside while I go inside and get her?" Ryoko asked.
"No.  Go right ahead," Kiyone answered.  Ryoko nodded her thanks and 
stepped inside.
She walked at a fast pace, trying to get to Ayeka as fast as possible.  She 
had been walking for about two full minutes before she spotted Ayeka sleeping on 
the cavern floor.  Walking over, she knelt down next to her.  Ryoko looked down 
on the purple haired princess and admired her smooth skin and pretty face.  Ryoko 
leaned in and kissed her with all her heart.
Ayeka woke up during the kiss and pulled back.  "No.you said you hated me," 
She said this with more tears forming in her beautiful eyes.
"No I didn't." Ryoko began.
"You might as well have said it!" Ayeka yelled, crying hard.  "You broke my 
heart!  You should have never said that if you didn't mean it!  You don't know 
how I feel.  You don't know how long I waited to tell you that I loved you, how 
much I cared.  Then you just throw it back in my face, but not before lying to me 
in the process!" Ayeka had taken on a tone that Ryoko had never heard her use 
before.  It tore her up inside hearing Ayeka so upset like this.
"Ayeka, I am so sorry.  I never meant to hurt you like that.  I want to let 
you know.I wasn't lying.  I just wasn't ready yet.  Now I am.  Oh, and one more 
thing.daisuki," Ryoko said.

Ayeka looked up at Ryoko.  Did she really love her, or was she just lying 
again?  Ayeka didn't care right at the moment because Ryoko was already at her 
side ready to kiss her again.  This time around Ayeka didn't pull away.  She let 
it happen and she kissed back.  Their lips interlocked with their tongues feeling 
each other's mouth.
Ayeka was feeling Ryoko's back and was about to take off Ryoko's dress when 
she was stopped.  "Not yet.and not here.  I want it to be special, not at the 
bottom of a cave.  Besides, Kiyone is waiting outside."
Ayeka agreed, and she didn't want to do anything if Kiyone was here.  Even 
though her heart and body screamed for more, her mind stopped her.  "Then let's 
go home."  She had a feeling that they wouldn't be sleeping in separate rooms 
tonight.


Chapter 5 - A New Beginning
	Ryoko awoke with Ayeka tightly in her arms.  After they had gotten back, 
they had stayed up the rest of the night talking.  They talked about why they 
used to fight so much and why they never told each other how the they felt before 
now.  The more that they talked and told each other, the more Ryoko fell in love.  
She couldn't believe how much they didn't know about each other.  They never even 
bothered to become friends.  It was kind of sad the way two people can bottle up 
things up inside themselves without going absolutely crazy.  
Ayeka began to shift and wake up.  "Ryoko?" she asked with the sleep in her 
voice.  
"Yes Ayeka?" Ryoko answered.
Ayeka shifted and turned toward Ryoko.  "Did you really mean it last 
night?" she said with a slight hint of desperation.  
"Yes Ayeka.  I meant every word."  Ryoko said.
Ayeka smiled at her.  She smiled back and kissed her.  "I don't ever deny 
it again.  Now we better get up, it's a very important day."
"Huh?  Why is that Ryoko?" asked her.
"Because today we are going to everyone that we love each other," Ryoko 
said this like it was no big deal.
"What?!  We can't tell them!  They'll surely cast us out into the streets! 
Ayeka yelled.
"Now, that's not true.  We didn't cast out Kiyone and Mihoshi when started 
seeing each other as a couple.  Besides, we've been living in a lie our whole 
lives, I'm not going to do it anymore," Ryoko explained.  
"If you're sure, than I'll do it."
Ryoko smiled and stepped in front of Ayeka, running her finger down her 
cheek.  "Don't worry, even if they do cast us out, I'll kick their asses until 
they wish that they wish that they had never said anything. 'Kay?" Ryoko said, 
holding up a fist and smiling.  Ayeka laughed.  Ryoko felt satisfied and she 
walked into the bathroom to take a shower.

Ayeka walked downstairs after she had showered and dressed.  Kiyone looked 
at Ayeka and smiled.  She was the only one knew that things worked out between 
Ryoko and her.  Ayeka smiled back at Kiyone, even though she was very nervous and 
scared.
Ayeka had a terrible feeling that everyone was going to end up hating her 
and Ryoko.  What if they cast them out?  Could she really live with herself if 
that happened?  Ayeka was probably just being paranoid, but what if she wasn't?
She decided to stop worrying and just let it play out.  Ryoko came down 
through the ceiling.  She sat down next to Ayeka and kissed her full on the lips.  
Washu walked in just as Ryoko kissed Ayeka.  "What the hell?!" she 
screamed.  
'I knew this was going to happen,' Ayeka thought to herself.
"When I created you Ryoko, I made you straight!  How the hell are you and 
Ayeka in love?!" Washu yelled.
"You know I do have my own emotions.  I'm just made up of what you put into 
me," Ryoko said with a slight a hint of anger.
Washu, regaining her composure, said, "Well anyway, this is very 
intriguing.  Of all people, you choose Ayeka," Washu said laughing.
Ryoko had a look of hatred on her face after she made this comment.  Before 
she could do anything, Mihoshi said something.  "No, this is the way things are 
supposed to be.  As a matter of fact, I've known for a long time.  They've been 
hiding their feelings for each other for a while now.  I'm so happy that you two 
have finally decided to admit your feelings for each other!"  She said this 
happily.
Ayeka couldn't believe what was coming out of Mihoshi's mouth.  The fact 
that Mihoshi knew something was beyond consideration.  The phrase 'dumb blonde' 
was an understatement for Mihoshi.  While Ayeka was in shock from what Mihoshi 
had said, Ryoko started yelling at Washu.
"How dare you?!  Don't you ever speak of Ayeka again!  I love her and you 
should be happy for us!" she screamed loud enough for the whole house to hear.
"It's okay Ryoko.  You don't have to yell at her," Ayeka spoke calmly.
"But she." Ryoko started, but was then was stopped.  She looked into 
Ayeka's ruby eyes and saw that she was all right.  She then sat down still 
glaring at Washu.  "Just don't say another word."
"Okay Ryoko.  I won't say another word to Ayeka," she said while shooting a 
dirt look in Ayeka's direction.
That was it.  Ryoko couldn't take any more.  She raised her fist and shot a 
fireball at Washu.  When the smoke cleared, there was nothing there.  "Damn it!" 
Ryoko said under her breath.  "Ayeka, I'm so sorry.  I didn't think that would 
happen."
"Did you va.vaporize her?" Mihoshi said with tears running down her tan 
cheeks.
"No.  She teleported away," Ryoko answered her.
By the time that Ryoko said anything, Mihoshi was bawling and not paying 
any attention what so ever.  Kiyone went to Mihoshi's side and hugged her for 
comfort.  "Kiyone." Mihoshi said.
Mihoshi leaned in and kissed Kiyone, obviously wanting more comfort than a 
hug.  After they finished kissing, they excused themselves from the table and 
left.
"I wonder where they're going?" Ryoko said sarcastically.
"Thank you Ryoko," Ayeka said while kissing her.
"What was that for?" Ryoko asked, stunned by how deeply Ayeka had kissed 
her.
"For sticking up to Washu for me," she said, looking into Ryoko's golden 
eyes.
"Hey, no problem.  But I have to go," Ryoko said.
"Where are you going?" Ayeka asked concerned.
"I just have to sort something out with Washu," she said.  Instantly, she 
was gone.

Ryoko appeared next to Washu, inside her laboratory.  Ryoko just looked 
down at Washu.  
"Can I help you?" Washu asked.
"Yes, you can.  Where the hell do you get off the one person I love like 
that?  You never had a problem with Ayeka before, why now?" Ryoko asked trying to 
keep her cool.
"Simple," Washu said.  "Because she ruined my experiment."
This set Ryoko off again.  "I am not your experiment!  I'm a living, 
breathing person, not some sort of guinea pig of yours!  Why can't you get 
this?!"  Ryoko was screaming in Washu's face.
"You are my experiment.I created you to be in love with Lord Tenchi, not 
that bitch Ayeka."  Before Washu could finish, Ryoko punched her as hard as she 
could.
Washu went flying backwards into and through a machine, splitting it in 
two.
"Ayeka's the bitch?!  Look at you!  You're too wrapped up in your 
'experiment' to even see how much I care for her!" Ryoko burst.
Just when Ryoko was about to call her something else, Washu said, "Sorry.I 
didn't mean for you to take it so seriously," she said, struggling to get up 
after the massive blow.
Ryoko walked over and began to help her up.  "I'm sorry I hit you so hard.  
I just can't stand to have Ayeka insulted," Ryoko said.
"It's not like you never insulted her before.  Did you know after every 
fight, she went up to her room and cried?  Every insulting word you said to her 
was like a blow to her heart," Washu said.  "And if it seems a little hard to 
believe after all that, you love her."
Ryoko looked down at the floor, ashamed of herself.  "I have to go," Ryoko 
said.  "Just don't let me hear you speak about her like that again, okay?"
Washu gave a slight shiver and said, "Okay."
Ryoko left the room, thinking about how she had made Ayeka cry.

Chapter 6 - The First Time
	Ayeka saw Ryoko walk into the room with a look of sorrow on her face.  
"Ryoko?  What's wrong?" Ayeka asked sympathetically.  
	"Did I really make you cry?" Ryoko asked.
	Ayeka looked down at the floor.  "You know about that?" she asked in a 
voice barely above a whisper.
	"Washu just told me.  I'm sorry, I didn't mean to," Ryoko said as she began 
to cross the room, towards Ayeka.  She sat down on the bed and hugged the now 
crying princess.  "Please don't cry Ayeka.  I promise I will never do anything to 
make you cry again," she said, leaning in to kiss her.
	This made Ayeka feel a little better.  Feeling Ryoko's soft lips, and 
tasting her tongue in her mouth made her forget why she crying.  She reached up 
and felt Ryoko's soft hair.  Ayeka's hands moved down to her back as she kissed 
Ryoko harder than before.
	Ryoko let out a soft, but distinct moan of pleasure.  Ryoko now began to 
take off Ayeka's kimono.  
	Ayeka slid off her shirt and looked down at Ryoko's chest.  She smiled to 
herself as she thought, 'It's finally happening.  I finally get Ryoko for my 
own.'

	Kiyone heard the faint moans from downstairs.  She knew immediately what 
the source was, and she smiled to herself.  She knew because Mihoshi and herself 
had just done the same thing.  Not wanting to disturb Ryoko and Ayeka, she knew 
she and Mihoshi had to leave the house.  "Hey, Mihoshi," she said to her 
girlfriend sitting beside her.  "Why don't we go out for lunch today?"
	Mihoshi thought for a second.  "How come Kiyone?  Why don't we just eat 
here?"
	"Because Ayeka and Ryoko are doing something private and I don't want to 
disturb them," Kiyone explained.
	"Why?  What are they doing?" Mihoshi asked curiously.
	"Listen to the noise Mihoshi," Kiyone said, now starting to get annoyed.
	Mihoshi listened to noise floating downstairs.  "Are they watching TV?"
	"No!  They are not watching TV!  They're doing it!" Kiyone yelled angrily.
	"It?" Mihoshi asked.
	Kiyone was getting extremely angry now and she didn't bother to keep her 
voice down.  "Ryoko and Ayeka are having sex!" Kiyone screamed as loud as she 
could.
	The noise from upstairs stopped for a moment, but then resumed where it 
left off.
	Feeling embarrassed, Kiyone grabbed Mihoshi's wrist and dragged her out of 
the house.

	Ayeka got dressed after Ryoko and she finished.  Ayeka didn't think that 
anything could be that amazing.  She watched Ryoko finish getting dressed, 
admiring her and what the two of them had shared with each other that day.
	Still thinking about what went between them, and the new, even deeper bond 
that they shared, they walked downstairs together.
	"So when do you think Kiyone and Mihoshi will get back?" Ryoko asked Ayeka.
	"Probably after Mihoshi realizes what we were doing," Ayeka said dryly.
	When they sat down on the couch, the door opened and Sasami walked through.  
"Hello, Ayeka!" she said in her normal, joyful expression.
	"Hello, Sasami," Ayeka said in an equally happy expression.
	"By the way Ayeka, congratulations!  I'm so happy things worked out between 
you two!" Sasami said before she left the room.
	Ryoko gave Ayeka a confused look.  "I told her about us two nights ago when 
things weren't official yet."
	Ryoko sighed her understanding and left it at that.  She picked up the 
remote control and turned on the news.  
	"You never took as the kind of person that watches the news," Ayeka said.
	"Yeah, well, there's a lot of things that you don't know about me," Ryoko 
said not taking her eyes off the screen.
	Ayeka, not wanting to press the subject and have Ryoko mad at her, watched 
the screen too.

Chapter 7 - Problems Surfacing
	Ryoko woke up from her sleep to find no one else in the bedroom with her.  
The last thing that she remembered was falling asleep while watching the news 
with Ayeka.  It was still light outside, so she knew it couldn't be late.  Just 
to confirm her suspicions though, she looked at the clock.  It was 12:37pm.  
'Everyone should be in the kitchen eating lunch,' she thought.
	She got up and walked down to the kitchen.  No one was there, not even 
Sasami, thinking of what she should cook for dinner.  "Hello?" Ryoko called out.  
There was no answer.  Thinking nothing of it, she decided to get something to 
drink.
	Ryoko teleported over to the refrigerator and opened it.  She looked 
inside, finding freshly made iced tea.  Taking out the pitcher, she took a sip 
right from the container.  Then she thought of how Ayeka would have yelled at her 
for being unladylike, and she stopped.
	She was only with Ayeka for one day, and she was already worrying about how 
the Jurian princess would want her to act.  Ryoko went into the cabinet, took out 
a glass, and poured herself a cup.  As she turned to put the pitcher away, a note 
caught her eye.
	Ryoko dropped the pitcher.  As it connected with the floor, it made a loud 
CRASH!  Ryoko, still in shock from the note, didn't even realize that one of the 
glass shards had cut her leg.  She then reread the note just to make sure that 
she had read it correctly.  The note said:

Dear Ryoko,

	How are you doing this find day?  I happen to be doing great, for this is 
the day that I get you back.  I know exactly how to get you here and how to make 
you here and how to make you do what ever I tell you to do.  You see, I have your 
beloved bitch Ayeka.  If you don't want to see her dead, I suggest that you show 
up on my ship, which is currently located on the moon satellite of Earth, by six 
o'clock tonight.  All of your other friends are upstairs bound inside of a 
closet.  They will have more information for you.  As always Ryoko, it has been a 
pleasure.

	See you soon,
		Kagato

	Ryoko crumpled the note and began to cry.  She could never remember crying 
so hard in her entire life.  She couldn't get the thought that Ayeka would die 
out of her head.  To Ryoko, that was just unbearable.  The thought of living a 
day without seeing her face, hearing her voice, or feeling her soft touch, was 
like slowly tearing apart her heart and then setting what remained on fire.  
'No,' Ryoko thought.  'She's not gone yet.  I have to try to get her back.'  She 
took control of herself and went upstairs to get her friends out of their 
confinement.

	Ryoko pulled open the door and looked at her friends in the closet.  They 
were all tied together with an energy rope.  Ryoko easily broke the bond and got 
them out.
	"Ryoko." Kiyone started, but couldn't think of a word to say.  She looked 
up at Ryoko's tear-stained face and frowned.  She had to say something to cheer 
her up.
	Kiyone was still trying to think of some comforting words when Ryoko spoke 
up.  "Tell me what you know," she said, her voice cracking.  She was even more 
torn up about this than Kiyone had thought.
	"He said that he would kill her." Sasami said with tears in her eyes.
	"It's okay Sasami," Ryoko said, leaning down and looking her in the eye.  
"I'll get her back.  You can count on it."  Kiyone knew that even Ryoko doubted 
the words that came from her mouth.
	Sasami embraced Ryoko and said, "Thank you."
	Tenchi then piped in.  "Kagato said that you need to come alone and that we 
all better stay away, or else he'll kill Ayeka.  He also said that if Ayeka put 
up a fight, he would hunt you down and kill you.  That's how he got Ayeka to go 
with him in the first place."
	Ryoko looked up at Tenchi and said, "Fine, if he wants me, I'll come, but 
not before putting up one hell of a fight."
	Mihoshi came up to Ryoko and put her hand on her shoulder.  "I'll come too.  
I don't care what you say about it either."  Mihoshi was trying her best to be 
brave, considering the situation.
	"I'll let you come if you can answer me one question," Ryoko said. 
	"Sure!" Mihoshi responded happily.
	"Okay.  If you are looking in a mirror and your reflection walks away, do 
you wave to it, or do you go after it?" Ryoko asked without changing her facial 
expression.
	"I.I don't know," Mihoshi confessed after about ten minutes of thinking 
about it.
	"Then you can't come.  Look, this is something I have to do one my one.  
Although, I won't be able to do it at my current power level, I'll need my gems 
back," Ryoko finished before she was gone.  Kiyone just hoped that she was making 
the right decision.

	Ryoko walked into the shrine and saw Yosho sweeping.
	"Yosho," Ryoko yelled.  "I need my gems back!"
	Yosho looked up and stared at Ryoko through his glasses.  "I'm sorry, but I 
absolutely cannot do that Ryoko," he said calmly.
	"It's a matter of life and death.  It also just happens to be about the 
person I love," Ryoko said trying to keep her temper in check.
	"Is Tenchi in trouble?" Yosho asked, his voice monotonous.  
	"No, it's not Tenchi, it's Ayeka," Ryoko responded, surprised that he 
didn't know yet.
	"Mmmmm," he mumbled in thought.
	"Please, Kagato will kill her if I don't do something!  Do you even care if 
Ayeka dies?!" Ryoko pleaded, trying to persuade him a little more.  
	"If I give them to you, will you promise not to use them for evil?" he 
asked, obviously still having doubts.
	"Yes!  Yes, I swear on my life!  If I don't meet your expectations, you can 
kill me!"
	Yosho studied her, and found that she was telling the truth.  "I will give 
you your gems back, but I hope you know what you're doing," he said while 
reaching into his shirt.  He grabbed his sword and pulled it out.  He took the 
gems out of the hilt and handed them to Ryoko.  
	Ryoko took the gems gratefully.  She teleported to the house, not wanting 
to waste any time.  Every second could mean Ayeka's life.

Chapter 8 - Desperate Rescue
	Ryoko almost finished her preparations for her fight with Kagato.  The only 
thing that was left to do was put her gems back in.  She placed each gem in its 
designated spot, and they were drawn into her skin.  As the gems set, she could 
feel an enormous power returning to her.  She had long since forgotten what it 
was like to have that much power.  She could feel all her power returning to her, 
feeling it pulse through her veins.  She felt ready now that she had her gems.
	"Ryo-oh-ki!"  C'mon, we're leaving!" Ryoko called.
	The little cabbit jumped into the room.  "Miya!" she said as she jumped 
outside.
	Ryoko phased through the wall and looked up.  Ryo-oh-ki had already 
transformed into her spaceship form.  Ryoko teleported into her spaceship.  "Ryo-
oh-ki, go the Earth's moon now!" she said.  They immediately started moving.
	It didn't take long to get to their destination, considering their speed.  
"Scan surface for Kagoto's ship," Ryoko ordered Ryo-oh-ki.  A screen appeared and 
it showed the location of Kagato and his ship, although it was a little hard to 
find.  Without an order, Ryo-oh-ki headed towards the ship.  
	"I see it," Ryoko said when the ship came into view.  "Stop."  She stared 
hard at Kagato's ship.  She had to think of a w way to get inside and rescue 
Ayeka.  As she was thinking, a holographic screen appeared in front of her.  On 
the screen was Kagato.
	"Why hello Ryoko.  So glad you could make it," he said with a smirk on his 
face.
	"Where is Ayeka?!" Ryoko yelled impatiently.
	"Look for yourself," he said, pointing behind him.  The screen focused 
there, and a picture of Ayeka, tied with the same type of energy rope that was 
used on her other friends, appeared.  Not only was Ayeka tied up, but she was 
surrounded by an electric field.
	"Now listen to me Ryoko," Kagato began, "I want you to come aboard my ship 
and do an experiment for me.  
	Ryoko looked into his eyes.  She did not like the look in them.  "What 
would that be?" she asked curiously.
	"I want you to fight a few of these clones I have.  There are five of them, 
with the same powers as myself.  Of course, if you win, you get Ayeka back.  If 
you lose, then I get you back under my control."
	Ryoko thought about it before responding.  "Okay."
	Kagato smiled.  "Marvelous," he said, pushing a button.  
Immediately Ryoko transported into a huge metal room where five Kagato 
look-alikes stood.  Ryoko looked at them with an expression of disgust and 
hatred.  The look-alikes immediately came at Ryoko with beam sabers.  Ryoko 
formed her own beam saber and teleported behind the first clone.
She swung and blood spilled to the floor.  She had cut the head clean off 
its shoulders.  She turned to the next clone.  It hesitated for a moment before 
flying up into the air.  It formed a fireball and shot at her.  Ryoko dodged the 
blast and flew up after the clone, but before she could get there the shot hit 
her in the back.
The fireball made her waver, but not fall.  In fact, she was surprised to 
find that it didn't even hurt.  Her gems must have given her a great deal of 
strength.  She found she had strengths she didn't even know about before.
She turned and shot a fireball back, blowing one of the clones into bits.  
As she watched its blood and body parts fly around, another clone came at her 
from above.  It stopped right in front of her head and placed a hand on it.  It 
shot all its energy into that one shot at her head.
As Ryoko was falling, the other two clones teleported next to her and shot 
two huge energy blasts on both sides of her.  The last thing Ryoko thought of as 
she became unconscious was of how she had failed Ayeka.

Ayeka saw the clones drag in Ryoko's body.  "What did you do to her?!" she 
yelled at Kagato.
"Nothing.yet, that is," he said.
Ayeka stared at Ryoko's limp body.  This couldn't be happening, not today.
"Take her to the next room," Kagato commanded his clones.
They left the room with Ryoko and Kagato turned towards Ayeka.  "How will 
it feel being killed by the one you love?" he asked while smiling at her.
"No!  You can't!" Ayeka yelled.  She knew that Ryoko would soon be under 
his control again.
"But I can.  Not only that, I will make her kill all of your friends before 
she kills you.  This way, you will see their look of pain before you die 
yourself," he finished, laughing.
Ayeka began to cry as he left the room.

Kiyone was getting ready to go help Ryoko when Washu screamed for everyone 
to come downstairs.  Everyone ran to her and the saw a holographic screen.
"It's Ryoko.  She defeated Kagato and wants all of us to come pick them 
up," Washu said.
"That's great!" Kiyone said happily.  "Let's go get them."
"We can take the Yagami," Mihoshi suggested, but Kiyone was already headed 
toward her ship as the words came out of her mouth.  
They headed into the Yagami to get Ryoko and Ayeka out of the depths of 
Kagato's ship.

Ayeka saw her friends walk into the chamber about a half an hour later.  
"Don't came any closer!" she yelled, but it was too late.  The door had closed 
behind them.
"I don't think so.  You will all die now," said Kagato, walking into the 
room with Ryoko.  
Ryoko looked so different under his control.  She looked so evil.  Ayeka 
could see no compassion in her eyes, no emotion at all.  She couldn't bear it.
"Now I want all of them to die.  That's ALL of them.  KILL them," Kagato 
ordered.
Ryoko raised a hand and shot an energy blast into the center of the group.  
They scattered before it hit and no one was hurt.  Ryoko then flew at them.  She 
seemed to be focused on Sasami.  Ryoko formed a light saber and threw it at her.
Sasami wasn't fast enough to dodge the beam, and it struck her in the 
chest, probably piercing a lung.
"Sasami!" Tenchi called out as he ran to her side.
	The saber disappeared, but Sasami was bleeding badly.  Ayeka was too 
shocked to do anything.  Ryoko was about go after Tenchi when Kagato told her to 
stop.
	"Let me release Ayeka first.  I want her to fight for her life also," he 
said.  He tapped a button on the wall and Ayeka was out of her confinement.  
	Now she had a chance to free Ryoko and save her friends.

Chapter 9 - Unforgettable Sacrifices
	Ayeka ran to Sasami's side to see if there was anything she could do.  
Tenchi and Washu were already hunched over her trying to stop the bleeding.
	"Sasami?  Are you okay?" Ayeka asked.
	"Not.r.really," she said, gasping for air.
	"Don't talk," Washu said.  "You have a pierced lung, but you should be 
okay."
	Ayeka gave a sigh of relief.  She turned towards Kagato.
	"Shall we begin?" he asked.  "Ryoko go kill them all."
	Ryoko came after them again, but Ayeka was ready.  She formed a shield 
around them and kept Ryoko from attacking.  Since she couldn't get to Ayeka and 
the others, Ryoko instead went after Kiyone and Mihoshi on the other side of the 
room.
	"Watch out!" Ayeka screamed.
	Mihoshi drew her gun and held it at Ryoko.  She fired a few times, but 
Ryoko easily dodged the shots.  Ryoko shot an energy blast at Mihoshi.  Just 
before it hit her, Kiyone jumped in its path.  She screamed out as she collapsed.
	"Kiyone!" Mihoshi yelled, tears running down her face.
	"I.I'm sorry," Kiyone said.
	"Why are you sorry?" Mihoshi asked.
	"I'm sorry because.I'm no.not going to make it.  I love you," Kiyone told 
her.
	"I love you too," Mihoshi said, kissing her on the forehead.
	It was too late, Kiyone had drawn her last breath.  Mihoshi stood up and 
ran at Ryoko.  Ryoko backhanded her when Mihoshi got close enough.  Mihoshi went 
flying and hit the wall.  She fell to the ground, not moving.
	"That's it Ryoko, kill them all.  Make them suffer," Kagato said.
	Ryoko turned her attention back towards Ayeka and the others.  She raised 
her hand and shot an energy blast.  It hit the shield dead on, destroying it.  
It took all of Ayeka's power just to deflect the shot.  Now she had no 
energy left to protect the others.
Ryoko walked slowly towards them, as if she was taunting them.  Ayeka tried 
to think of a way to save everyone, but she couldn't think of a thing.  She could 
barely stand up to Ryoko when she was in possession of one gem, now she held them 
all, and there was absolutely nothing that Ayeka could do.
Ryoko was almost to them now, and she formed another energy saber.  She 
stopped for a second in front of Ayeka, as if she were regaining control.  In 
that one quick second, Ayeka saw the Ryoko she loved and cared for so much.  It 
passed and Ryoko punched Ayeka in the stomach.
Ayeka collapsed and rolled over onto her back.  She saw Tenchi try to come 
to her aid.
"Don't!  I have to face her by myself!" she yelled.
Tenchi stopped, although reluctantly.
Ryoko raised her saber and held it above Ayeka's chest.  Ayeka looked up to 
Ryoko's cold and lifeless eyes.  Ayeka began crying and she said, "I love you 
Ryoko."  Ayeka saw the saber come down and she closed her eyes.  She waited, but 
she never felt the saber hit.  She opened her eyes and saw Ryoko collapsed on the 
floor, bleeding.
Ryoko had regained control for one moment and stabbed herself instead of 
Ayeka.  She looked over at Ayeka and looked into her eyes.  Ayeka could not 
believe what had just happened.

Chapter 10 - The Lose of Loved Ones
	Ryoko looked into Ayeka's eyes.  She saw that Ayeka really loved her.  She 
saw the shock from what had happened.  "Ayeka." she began, but stopped.  The pain 
was unbearable.  She knew that she didn't have too much time left and she had two 
things do before she died.
	"Ayeka, I.love you.  I w.will always love you.  I hope.I didn't hurt you or 
anybody else.  Good-bye."  Ryoko leaned over and kissed her.
	After, she sat up, with much difficulty, and looked at Kagato.  Ryoko 
raised her hand and shot whatever energy she had left at him.  She saw him 
collapse to the floor, dead.
	Ryoko fell onto her back and looked around the room.  She saw Kiyone dead 
on the floor.  She saw Mihoshi across the room, against a wall.  Mihoshi was 
still breathing, and for that Ryoko was glad.  She glanced in the other direction 
and saw Sasami lying in a pool of blood, looking back at her.
	"I'm.so.sorry.Sa.sami," Ryoko said, tears coming to her eyes.
	"It's okay," Sasami responded.
	Ryoko turned her attention back toward Ayeka.  Ayeka was crying, looking 
down at her.
	"Don't go.  I can't live without you.  Please, I can't lose you," Ayeka 
said.
	"You're go.ing to have to," Ryoko said.
	"No." Ayeka looked at Ryoko.  She looked into Ryoko's golden eyes as they 
closed.  Then her breathing stopped, and Ryoko Hakubi lived no more.

	Mihoshi woke up in very much pain.  She opened her eyes and saw Ayeka 
leaving the room, holding a dead body.  Did that body belong to Kiyone?  Mihoshi 
didn't know.
	She looked around the room and saw that it wasn't Kiyone's body.  Kiyone 
was across the room, lying dead on the floor.
	"Kiyone!" Mihoshi yelled, getting up.  She ran over to the body and knelt 
down next to it.  "Kiyone." she cried, resting her head on Kiyone's limp 
shoulders.  Mihoshi looked at Kiyone's body and noticed how very beautiful it 
was, even in death.
	How could this have happened?  How did Kiyone die?  Mihoshi didn't 
remember.  All she remembered was a huge explosion and her trying to attack 
someone.  'I love you,' she thought as she picked up the body.  'You'll always 
have a place in my heart.'  
	She stood up, thinking of what could have been, of what she had lost on 
that day.

Chapter 11 - Moving On
	Ayeka woke up the next day feeling like shit.  She turned over and looked 
at the other half of the bed.  It seemed like it was missing something.  
	She had only known love for a brief time, and now it was torn away from 
her.  How could she go on living, knowing what she lost?  She didn't know if she 
could, but she had to try.
	Ayeka got out of bed and stared at a picture on the wall.  It was a picture 
of the whole group.  Ryoko was smiling giving the peace symbol.  She looked at 
the picture until someone walked into the room.  It was Mihoshi.
	"Ayeka, Tenchi wants you to get up so you can get ready," she said, her 
voice quiet.  Mihoshi was dreading what was going to happen as much as Ayeka.  
She had lost something just as dear to her as Ryoko was to Ayeka.
	Ayeka nodded and Mihoshi left.  She looked at the picture one last time and 
began crying.

	Ayeka walked down the stairs to see Tenchi sitting on the sofa.  He was 
staring blankly into space with a frown on his face.  He was dressed all in 
black, as Ayeka was.  They all had to move on sometime, but Ayeka wasn't ready 
yet.
	"Hello Lady Ayeka," Tenchi said, coming out of his trance.
	"Hi," she responded quietly.
	He could tell she didn't want to talk and he didn't say anything else.  She 
sat down in a chair waiting for Washu to come in.  About ten minutes later, Washu 
walked into the room.
	"Is everyone ready?" she asked.
	"Yes," Tenchi answered.  
	Ayeka didn't answer, but just stood up.  She followed Washu to the sight 
where the funeral would be held.

	"We are gathered here today to mourn the deaths of two very close friends, 
Hakubi Ryoko and Makibi Kiyone.  First will be Kiyone.  Mihoshi would you like to 
start?" Washu said.
	"Yes," Mihoshi said, standing up.  She walked up to the podium.  "Kiyone 
was more than just a friend to me," she began.  "She was someone I loved very 
dearly.  All I wanted was to see her happy.  Sometimes I made her mad, but I 
could tell that she loved me back." her voice was cracking slightly.
	"Her hopes and dreams were to move up in the Galaxy Police.  Although she 
did not achieve this dream, I don't feel that she lived an unsatisfied life.  She 
was a beautiful, young woman that loved her friends very much.  I would only like 
now to keep her spirit alive.  So remember her every day.  Keep her memory 
strong."  
	Mihoshi stepped down from the podium and sat down.  She began crying again.
	Washu again stepped up to the podium.  "We will do that.  Remember her 
always.  Join me in a moment of silence for Kiyone."  After a few minutes, she 
resumed.  "Now we have Ryoko.  Ayeka?"
	Ayeka stood and walked to the podium.  "Ryoko was someone I held very dear 
to me.  I love her with all my heart, and she loved me back.  Even though we 
fought a lot and we didn't always get along, we still loved each other.  Even in 
the last few days we were together, we grew closer, only to be torn apart again.  
She gave her life so that she wouldn't have to take mine.  I wish that I could 
hear her one last time and hold her in my arms.  I will never forget how she 
loved me or anyone else; how she always had a smile on her face.  I hope that one 
day she can see us all one last time, see us from where she is, so that she knows 
that we loved her and she will always be close in my heart."
	Ayeka stepped down and took her seat.  She started crying, just as Mihoshi 
had.  She was no longer able to keep her emotions in check.
	"Ryoko was my daughter and I loved.love her very much.  Please give her a 
moment of silence," Washu said.  After what seemed like forever, she spoke again.  
"Kiyone and Ryoko, I hope you can hear me.  I want you to know that we love you 
both and you will always live forever with us."  She stepped down as well.
	They each lined up to place a rose on the caskets.  Sasami was first, so 
that she didn't have to stand for long.  She placed two roses down and walked 
away.  
Ayeka went up to the casket next.  She placed one rose down on Kiyone's 
casket and looked down at her.  She would miss Kiyone too, she was a great 
friend.  Ayeka then walked over to Ryoko's casket and placed another flower down.  
"I love you Ryoko," she said.
Ayeka could almost hear the wind howl in Ryoko's voice, "I love you too."
She kissed Ryoko's forehead and walked away, tears streaming down her face.  
'I will never forget either of you,' Ayeka thought, knowing on day that she would 
have to move on, hopefully to a better tomorrow.

THE END

This was my first fanfic, so please e-mail me and tell me what you thought.  
I will also have a slightly happier ending if you want that too.  I won't be 
posting that ending on the web, so you'll have to e-mail me at 
Darkchild77@aol.com to request it.  I will be writing another fanfic soon, so 
until then, later!
