A Starry Night and A Dream Come True


Disclaimer:  Any Tenchi characters in this fic, as I
would like to claim them but can't,  are not mine.
They belong to AIC and Pioneer.  If there are any
characters that you have not heard of, they are mine.
I don't have a gold mine with my name on it, so please
don't sue. Thankyou.

Notes: After block, after block, and after block,  I
decided to work on my first idea.
Before Ryoko's Realization,  I had this story on a
peice of paper, and I felt it was a lost cause.  Well
while I was on a trip for two months, I had found the
draft to this story.  Well I'm like what the hell,  I
have improved my writing skills, so I might can fix
this up.  Well after two months of revising, and then
two days of modifying, I think this has turned out
better than when I first written it. I have learned
something while I was gone.  You work a heck a lot
better when you are away from home.  Well I will end
this note with a "I hope you will enjoy this." and
announce "On with the fic."



        Everyday would be the way it was.  Ayeka and Ryoko
were fighting, Mihoshi was sleeping, Kiyone was trying
to wake her up, Washu in her lab, Yosho in the shrine,
Nobiyuki at work, Sasami in the kitchen with Ryo-oki,
and Tenchi was walking home from school.
        Today Ryoko wasn't fighting Ayeka, she was thinking
of her past.  She wasn't who everyone thought she was,
but something more.  She remembered that a festival
was soon. Her people on her planet would put their
heart and soul in that festival. They had banquets,
parades, parties, games,dances,and more.  Her favorite
was the Sky Lit Ball.  She would wear a very pretty
gown with trailing sleeves, her hair would be styled
so her flower crown would fit on her head, she would
dance with all the young men in the kingdom she lived
in.  She has forgotten why she left. Then the memory
came to her, then she frowned.  Asassins blew her
planet up.  All the survivors, thank goodness for
early evacuations, had moved to the nearest planet.
It wasn't as beautiful as her home planet, but
everyone carried on.  She ran away due to the family
problems that the asassins caused.  Her family was
high ranking nobles, and asassinations can shake
families up and make them disorderly, like her family.
 She remembered running through the halls, stripping
every piece of jewelry and silk she owned.  She stole
one of  the military ships and flew.  She found
Ryo-oki a year later then became the legendary Space
Pirate Ryoko.  She felt something then fear gripped
her <Marina> she thought, before phasing out.

*Somewhere in space.*

        "Have you found her yet?" a regal voice commanded. A
woman with long brown hair and a medieval looking gown
stood in front of a very similar dressed woman with
lavender hair and lavender eyes.
"Yes Your Grace. Ryoko is on Earth."
"Yes, such a quaint little planet.  No wonder she
would be there."
"Shall I order the Sec Ones, Your Grace?"
"Yes, but just one."
"And may I ask if there is a certain one, Your
Excellency?"
"Yes, Siriana Geneevo. She is the best one of them
all."
"Yes, Your Grace."
"And Marina?"
"Yes, Queen Stella?"
"When you finally get her, wait for me, if you
please."
"Yes, My Queen."
Marina teleported and went off on her errand.


   *Back to Earth*
        Ryoko ran like the wind. She did not want to be
found, so she didn't use her powers.  She ran inside
the house to find Ryo-oki and get some of her things.
She ran into a black haired woman with eyes to match,
and wore a black skin-tight suit with a badge that
read

High Class- Sec One.
    Geneevo, Siriania

Ryoko glared at the woman on a sky board, with a
special laser gun.
"What are you doing here?  I thought you would have
given up on me."
"What? Daedalonians give up?  I don't think so.  You
have forgotten that we are nearly the most persistent
people in the universe." Siriania laughed.
"I remember how pig-headed you are." Ryoko spat out.
"Oh ho! Remember that you are Daedalonian yourself.
You left to rob places, and in doing so, you put us on
more reasons for Jurai to hate us list."
"Funny they hated us since our emperor had made
Daedalon better than Jurai in economical power."
"Yes, but we had let them claim themselves to be the
most powerful empire in the universe.  We also have
two wars raging too.  One is with Cranteria, and the
second is still with those damned asassins. But I came
here to take you back to that loving family of yours."
"Well you'll have to fight for what you want."  Ryoko
said summoning her blade.
"Looks like you want to follow the old policy, but as
you wish..." Siriania grinned evily
"Princess Ryoko Daedelada"  Ryoko glared as she
saluted with her sword for a pledge, while Siriania
did the same with her energy blade of blue.
"We will fight, but not here, outside.  If you win,
you can do as you like, and if I win, I can give up my
title and stay here free from any obligations of the
crown.  I do have three sisters and a brother. I won't
be needed as an heir. Agreed?" Ryoko bargained.
"Agreed.  But before we begin someone wants to have a
word with you." the Sec one officer guestured before
bowing.  Marina stepped towards Ryoko.
"Ryoko, you do mean what you say?  Are you sure you
want to rid yourself of the crown?"
"I do mean everything I bargained, even with my life."
"Very well, you may proceed."
Ryoko saw they were outside at the shrine.  She was
relieved that no one at the house knew the truth.  She
formed her battle suit and sword.  She then nodded
before charging with her sword.
Battle cries rang throughout the forest, and
explosions. Soon Siriania summoned enough power to
overtake Ryoko and knock her out.  The queen appeared
to inspect the unconscious girl, then nodded in
confirmation.  Marina chanted something and soon the
four disappeared.

        It has been a week since Ryoko's disappearance.
Sasami was rather upset, because Ryoko was like her
other big sister.  Washu tried to locate her but
failed in that, but she did conclude that Ryoko
couldn't be far since Ryo-oki was still here on Earth.
 Then it couldn't be that, because Ryo-oki would have
known where she was, despite how far she was from
Okayama.  This was a mystery that couldn't be solved.
Kiyone and Mihoshi had placed a missing persons report
at Galaxy Police Head Quarters, and no luck from
there.  Out of all the confusion, Ayeka and Tenchi
grew closer in their friendship, and Ayeka is hoping
that it would soon blossom into love.  Tenchi wanted
to keep it a friendship, because if they find Ryoko,
he didn't want her to be hurt on arrival, but Ayeka
was there for him during this confusing time.  He was
a little comfortable with her and thought that maybe
after Ryoko gets back, he can finally choose Ayeka, so
that way Ryoko won't think that Ayeka had moved in on
me while she was gone.  He liked the idea.  He went to
the kitchen to help Sasami with the dishes.

Ryoko was living comfortably, and lavishly, and hated
every minute of it.  She was reunited with her family
and was scolded for running off and wreaking havoc in
the universe.  Her mother was the Empress of all
Daedalon, Stella.  Her father was the emperor Gaden,
and she was reunited with her older brother and three
younger sisters. Her younger sister was 5 years old
and her name was Aurora.  Her other two sisters, were
her triplet sisters, Tedra, and Angela. Her older
brother was Garrik and he was one of her favorite men
in her life. Sure, she was comfortable, rich, and was
a princess to a whole empire.  But she was miserable.
She wouldn't mind if her family was a family instead
of royal power.  Of course they were, but her mother
and father can set aside a special day to spend time
with their family.  The only thing about being home
was the festival.  It was true to its name, Star
Festival.  The stars barely shone in the cloudy
atmosphere, but once every spring, they shine their
fullest.  The festivities are held for three days and
the ball is on the night that the stars shine
brightly.  She was in a fabric store, ordering the
material needed for her festival attire.  She wanted
to go with spring colors this time.  A masquerade
party was the night before the ball so she wanted to
wear soft pink, baby blue, and other pastel colors and
she ordered some ribbon to match.  For the ball she
wanted special material for that, so she said
"Surprise me."

        A month passed and Ayeka recieved a message from her
mother.
"Ayeka, can you do mommy a favor, hmmm?"
A sweat drop appeared on Ayeka's forehead while she
forced out.
"Yes, mommy, I can.  So what can I do."  Misaki beamed
at her daughter's cooperation.
"Well there is this festival on the planet Daedelon,
that we were supposed to have attended, but
unfortunately your father has came down with a little
cold suddenly.  We would like for you to go in our
place.  You will need formal wear, and an escort."
"I'll be ready, when is it?"
"Next week"
"Ok I'll be ready tomorrow."
"Thankyou my Ayeka."
"You're welcome...mommy." the transmission was
disconnected.  Ayeka finally relaxed. She hated it
when she had to do that mommy stuff.  The festival was
on her mind.  She had everything but an escort, but
she can fix that.
        Tenchi was looking in the mirror.  He was trying on
different suits until he had a Jurain traditional
robe, a costume and something formal for the ball.
They decided to wear the Daedelonian style for the
ball.  Soon Tenchi and Ayeka arrived to their
destination.
They explored the town, which was very medieval like,
with the styles, structures, and the way of life.  But
they had advanced technology, like Jurai's but a
little better.  The opening ceremony began the whole
festival and was held at the palace.  They waited with
the rest of the crowd, for the emperor to make his
short speech , then the festivities.
        Ryoko was on the balcony wearing her former Starlight
Ball gown.  It was just a jade green, maroon, and dark
blue gown. The dress bared her shoulders and where the
sleeves began, they slightly  puffed then covered her
arms snuggly.  The rest of the dress began just above
her bust line then fitted over her  curves, where they
stood out more, then the skirt of the dress belled out
and had a small train. Her hair was brushed out of
it's spikeyness, and laid in waves down to her waist.
She wore a very sheer veil, made of light fairy
chiffon.  The only piece of jewelry that she wore, was
a gold locket.  It had a picture of the whole Masaki
household.  She had the locket since she was little,
and wore it less. But after she had placed that photo
in it, she wore it all the time now.  She stood by her
brother Garrik, and he smiled at her assuringly.  She
smiled back.  She loved her big brother.  She stood
with her sisters, mother, father, brother, and Marina.
 She faced the crowd trying to see if she can remember
any of the village kids she grew up with, then she saw
something that sent spindly fingers of dread up her
spine.  Tenchi and Ayeka.  Then her father makes that
damned announcement.

        "Thankyou citizens, subjects, and our neighboring
empires, for participating in one of our finest
occasions.  This year's festival is also special, for
our daughter has been returned to us, and she will be
gracing among our merry makers again." he announced
proudly.
  "So all in all, I would again present the return of
my daughter, Princess Ryoko Daedelada."
She would have fainted if her brother didn't have a
hand on her shoulder.  Tenchi had to support Ayeka
after she passed out.  He too was shocked.  Ryoko was
a princess the whole time.  But why did she become a
space pirate feared by the universe?  He saw her as
she was ushered up by a very muscular man , with cyan
hair and lavender eyes.  Then she was followed by two
other girls, who looked exactly like her.  <She was a
triplett?> He thought.  She curtsied then she gazed at
him.  He saw the worry in her eyes, like this was some
secret that she didn't want him or Ayeka to know.  She
immediately broke eye contact.  She was hiding it, and
now she was caught.  After the opening ceremony ended,
everyone was at the main street of the village and
awaiting the parade.
        Ayeka was revived after the ceremony ended.  She
couldn't remember what she fainted from and Tenchi
didn't remind her.  He was still recovering.  Ryoko
hadn't shown up, and he figured she was scared of what
he might think of her secret.  He didn't know what to
think. She could have told him and he would understand
why she had became a space pirate when she already had
everything she could ever afford.  But then she wasn't
given a chance to tell him, then it became too late
and if she ever got around to telling him, he would
think it was all a big joke.  He was confused on
reaction to this case.
        Ryoko was watching the parade as she did when she was
younger.  She loved the bands, acrobats, magicians,
dancers, and the floats. Basically everything about
the parade, she loved.  But it didn't help with the
shame she felt.  She has to keep out of Tenchi's
sight, at least until she had enough courage to face
him.  She chuckled to herself at that thought.  She,
Ryoko, the most wanted space pirate of the universe,
scared to confront a mere boy.  Then she thought
sadly.  A boy who means so much to her than he could
ever know.  He probably thought of her as a low
person.  She don't know why he would think that, or
why she should think that, but she just does.  Later
that night a banquet was held in honor of all the
royal empires of different planets was held in the
Grand Hall of the palace.  Ryoko and her sisters were
wearing exactly the same gowns of a soft peach color.
They greatly confused the guests, and parents along
with the staff.
        Tenchi and Ayeka were close to the emperor and
empress, since Jurai is the most powerful empire in
the universe.  That also made them the guest of honor.
 Ayeka finally remembered why she fainted and she was
greatly confused by the three identical sisters.  She
knew that one of them was either Tedra, Angela, or
Ryoko, but not sure which.  She was rather intrigued
by the prince, Garrik.  He had cyan hair, and eyes of
lavender.  He was more handsome than his father, who
Ryoko and her look-alikes took after.  She had gotten
information from a Dutchess, that Tedra was the most
demanding, shrewd, and dominating one out of the whole
family, while Angela was the quiet, soft-spoken , and
reserved one, and Ryoko had a balance of both those
qualities.  Ayeka finally can tell who's who.  Ryoko
was very quiet like her sister, Angela tonight.  She
ate enough of her dinner before she finally excused
herself, then she exited the hall.
        Tenchi found this odd, and was worried about the cyan
haired woman.  He finished his dinner, then waited for
the guests retire for their suite of rooms that were
offered to them by the emperor.  His room was next to
Ayeka's and she visited him.  He liked Ayeka's
company, and he relished in it whenever he had a
chance.
"Lord Tenchi, do you have an extra toothbrush?  I
think mine was accidentally packed with yours."
"I'll check, Ayeka." he said with a smile and he
searched his suit case till he found her toothbrush.
"I believe this is it." he handed it to her and she
accepted it.
"Thankyou, Lord Tenchi, I appreciate it."
"No problem, Ayeka."
"Well goodnight."
"Goodnight Ayeka, see you at the masquerade tomorrow."
"Yes, we were planning on trying to guess who's who
underneath our masks."
"Yeah, well I hope I will recover over my shock
tonight."
"I hope you will too. Goodnight."
"Goodnight."
Ayeka went back to her room, and Tenchi went to bed.
"Goodnight Ryoko." he whispered.
        Ryoko heard him.  She was in his room, just to see
him and feel him.  She walked up to his bedside and
she pushed his hair back, slightly.  She smiled at the
boy she had fallen in love with at first sight.  She
pulled a stool up beside him.  After she sat down she
whispered her thoughts.
"Oh Tenchi, I wish I didn't hide the truth about me.
I guess I'm more cowardly than I'll ever admit.  But
you just don't know... how bad my life has been." she
heard a soft snore come from him. She smiled then she
continued.
"Ever since my birth, my family was threatened by
asassins, and whoever hated them.  Then as I grew up,
they kept getting worse.  When I have decided on
becoming a pirate was after my home planet, Trayden,
was destroyed."
        "I was exploring the forest here on Daedelon when I
was 14 years old.  Well I had gotten lost and I fell
in a ravine, then I was knocked unconscious.  Well I
had a dream that demons were chasing me, and then my
family rejected me.  After I came to I ran away. I
stripped everything that reminded me of my rank and
place in society.  I stole a ship, then I flew to the
stars.  I then met Ryo-oki, then I was later known as
the most wanted space pirate."
  "I never returned to this life willingly. I was
kidnapped and put under close guard so I won't escape
again.  After I had crashed on Earth with Ryo-oki, and
I woke up from unconsciousness, and after seeing your
face... I fell in love with you instantly.  As the
days passed and we had our little *family* added, my
hope for you to return the feelings grew.  But I see
how you and Ayeka have grown close, and my dream will
never come true."
        "Tenchi, my aggressiveness is my mask that I wear,
and the true me is actually weak, and shy.  I may seem
like a tough girl, but I'm so scared of what you
think, and that is my weakest point.  My mask also
keeps me from saying these words to you directly.
Tenchi I guess what I'm trying to say is that I love
you more than my own life, and that I would lay it on
the line for you if you ask.  But I know you don't
return those feelings for me and that hurts worser
than any form of torture  I would willingly walk in
for you"
A tear rolled down her face and it fell onto his lips.
 She saw where it landed and she leaned to kiss where
it fell.  After she did that, she teleported right
before he woke up. He touched his lips after feeling a
drop of something land.  He looked out the window to
the cloudy sky and whispered "Ryoko..."

        The day of the masquerade ball began with a carnival.
 Everyone participated and was enjoying themselves.
Tenchi and Ayeka rode all the rides, played all the
games, and enjoyed the food.  Ryoko watched the two
from a distance, with a heartbroken look on her face.
She felt her brother's hand on her shoulder.
"You look...so ...so...hmmm... glum." he commented.
"I miss Earth.  That's all." she responded.
"Mi Nouri Kiri <translation 'my beloved little
sister'> I wish that I could release you to your
freedom, but it's out of my hands at the moment."
"I know." she let out a defeated sigh.
Garrik was at a loss when it came to his sister's
gloominess then an idea.
"Why don't we have our little sis and big bro date?"
She smiled at her brother wanly.
"Why not?  I would love nothing other than to hang
with my big brother."
He took her arm in his and they went off to enjoy the
carnival.
        It was a very lively evening, and colorful too.
Everyone wore beautiful designs and styles.  A lot of
people portrayed famous people, objects, and ect.
Tenchi was just in a very expensive tuxedo, and had an
very expensive mask.  He didn't look like, the prince
of Jurai, a farmer boy, but a very sleek and
mysterious male.  Ayeka decided along the same lines,
exept she had a long slim black dress, and a white
mask with rare stones embedded into it. She dyed her
hair, temporarily, black, and had it back in a bun.
They didn't recognize each other as they walked by.
Ryoko was wearing a long gown that laced up in the
back and it was made of white, soft pink, baby blue,
and pastel green and yellow.  The over skirt was made
of a thin, flowing, chiffon.  The bodice began just
above her bust line and had a square neckline. The
sleeves went to her elbows, with flowing chiffon
trailing from them.  She had her hair still brushed
out, so she wore a very sheer veil over her hair.  Her
mask was designed for her feline eyes, and was white
with ivory brocaded designs, and ribbons with the same
colors as her dress were tied at the right corner.
People switched partners as they danced and she was
suddenly swept  away to the dance floor.
        Ayeka was passed from one gentlemen to another.  She
was finally passed to the Daedalonian prince.  He was
not very bad looking, despite the fact that he was
Ryoko's brother.  He wasn't wearing a mask, so she
knew.
"Hello, Your Highness.  I am Princess Ayeka Jurai,
First Crowned Princess. How have you been this
evening?"
"Hello Princess Ayeka. Just call me Garrik. And I am
doing fine."
"Just call me Ayeka."
They made pleasant conversation, until they were
passed to the next partner.
        Ryoko was dancing with an old friend of the family's.
 He was one of the earls, whose son her parents tried
to marry her or one of her sisters to.  Of course that
didn't turn out too well, but he was like family to
her.  She then danced with one of her childhood
friends.  They used to pick fights, or play pranks on
each other.  They still do from time to time.  She had
one planned, since he had did the 'open your bed room
door, and get a bucket of water spilled on your head'
prank.  She decided  to take a break and sit out for
awhile.  She sent one of her attendants to get her
some Daedalonian wine, and she found a seat.  She saw
a very distinguished looking man in a black tuxedo and
a black silk mask.  He had black hair and through the
eyes  of his mask, he had brown eyes.  Tenchi.  Her
heart leapt, good thing she had her mask, or she would
have fled, but she started talking to him instead.
"Beautiful for a dance tonight, eh?" she commented.
"Yeah, I just can't wait to see the stars."
"It is the only thing I like about this planet.
Despite they shine once a year, and at their
brightest, it's my favorite feature."
"I see what you mean."
"Do you want to dance?" he jumped back.
"I... uh... I dunno how to dance." he said chuckling
nervously.
"Come on, it's not that hard." she grabbed his hand
and pulled him up.
He shown a lot of resistance after she tried to dance
with him.
"Just relax and follow my lead.  Don't worry, I have
been known for my dancing skills, so I know what I'm
doing."
He took her word for it, and soon was following her
moves.  After awhile, he got the hang of it, and was
finally taking the lead.
 "You're one of the princesses, aren't you?" he asked.
"Only a princess can dance this good."
She wanted to tell him who she was, but couldn't.  She
couldn't lie either.
"I'm Princess..." <Think...> "... Angela" <good.>
Tenchi wasn't buying it, he knew it was her, and he
wished she would just quit running.
He missed her, and a little bit of her wild side, but
she was caught red handed and she was scared for some
reason.
"You don't need to tell me your sister's name, Ryoko.
I don't know why you are running or hiding from me,
but you don't have to lie to me about who you are.
Now, why run or hide? Why not tell us about it? And
why did you become the most wanted person in the
universe?"
        "If you talk to us, we might be able to understand
your reasons and you won't have to hide all the time."
Her face became emotionless, and then a hurt
expression crossed her features.  She removed the
mask, and he saw tears fall from her yellow eyes. He
heard the hurt in her voice as she said
"A mask over mask that on the outside, I'm tough and
nothing can hurt me or get to me,  and I won't say
that it hurts me to lie to you, but on the inside, I'm
weak, I get hurt easily, and it is killing me to say
it hurts me to lie to you and it is a pain I can't
describe." she turned to walk away but he pulled
slightly on her hand.
"Please, just answer me."  his mask was off and she
saw his face. Filled with concern.
She turned away. "I'm sorry, but...I can't." she ran
away.

        The next day was so hectic, with all the women
fussing about this and that, which gown is better,
what shoes to wear, how much jewelry to wear, or just
the women things.  The men just talk or complain about
women habits.  Ryoko was busy listening to Tedra
complain about her shoes not fitting her feet, and
taking it all out on a young servant girl.
"You people should learn to keep my shoes in the right
size.  Don't you know that tonight is the most
grandest of all our balls, and that how I look is
extremely important.  And on my first night in 4
years." Tedra had that snobbish high pitched voice
while Angela had a whispery soft, feminine voice.
Ryoko was the only one with a voice that goes with all
her emotions. Of her triplett sisters, her emotions
were balanced, Tedra was always angry while Angela was
quiet.  She felt sorry for the servant girl, who was
almost in tears.  She decided to help.
" Excuse me, ummm... What's your name?" she asked in a
commanding yet gentle voice.
"Arcana, your highness."
"Arcana, will you please get me some..." she thought
"...jade colored ribbon from the semptress?"
"Yes your highness." Arcana bowed with her light pink
curls spilling from her hair, then she left.  Angela
sent Ryoko a worried look, while Tedra stepped towards
her.
"When I'm scolding a servant, do not interfere.  We
have hundreds, you could call another."
"You were being an ass." Ryoko replied
" I was putting a servant in their place."
"You were still being an ass."
"You obviously forgotten your manners while you were
out there in space wreaking havoc on everything in
site, or you picked it up on that washed up planet,
Earth."
"You have gone from a slightly annoying person to a
corrupting bitch."
She knew she had went far when Tedra's face was red
with rage, and Angela was holding onto a chair with
her face stricken with worry.
"How dare you insult the royal princess of the
Daedelada family." Tedra had a very deadly tone to her
voice.
"Oh, and where is Princess Angela, or Princess Aurora.
What about me?" Ryoko was fed up with her sister's
self involvment.
"Would you call that pitiful excuse of a sister a
princess?  And Aurora isn't old enough to be counted,
and criminals are not princesses."
Angela fled the room in tears at Tedra's cruel words
about her, and Ryoko felt sorrow for her timid sister.
 Tedra rolled her eyes in disgust at her younger
sister's lack of backbone.  "How pathetic."  Ryoko
turned on her with a energy sword formed in her hand
and pointed at her sister.
"You have forgotten why she is the way she is.  Do you
know that while you were tortured by those damned
assasins, she was brutally raped by hired thugs.
Aurora was only a baby then so all they could do to
her was just to hold her for ransom.  I was forced to
watch Angela be forced onto like that."  Ryoko was
trying not to burst into tears.
Tedra on the other hand was busy brushing her long
thin hair and pretended not to be listening, even if
she was thinking about it.
"Only because that they knew you were a waste of
existance, and that you weren't worth their time to
get to you." she said smuggly with that smug look on
her face.  Ryoko deactivated her sword and slapped
that look off her sister's face.  Tedra looked at her
with rage on her face, then slapped her sister back.
Ryoko double slapped her then marched to the door.
Before closing it she stuck her head inside and stated
"As for who is or isn't a princess.  Conniving bitches
aren't princesses."  she slammed the door.  Tedra was
outraged and picked up a vase and threw it against the
wall. But when it didn't break she stomped her feet.
"Oooh! I hate that girl!"
        Ryoko decided that since it would be hours before the
ball, she could take a walk in the forest like she did
before.  She decided to wear a simple green gown with
bell sleeves and her hair would be in the ribbon and
styled for the ball.  She walked into the Great Hall
and she saw Marina talking to a older woman.  Ryoko
saw who the woman was and she ran towards the women.
"Grandma ma." she called and the woman saw her
granddaughter and had her arms opened for her.  Ryoko
walked up and embraced her grandmother, and reveled in
the scent of spring blossoms.  Her grandmother was her
mother's mother, and she takes after her more than her
sisters.
"My beloved granddaughter."  the elderly woman said
stroking her granddaughter's back.
"My beloved grandmother ." Ryoko said hugging her
relative.
Soon they were in her room talking.  The woman was the
Dowager Empress Desiree Trayden.  The former empress
of the planet Trayden, which was destroyed when the
assasin's attacked.  Lady Desiree saw the distraught
look on her granddaughter's face and she wanted to
help her beloved grandchild.
"My dear Ryoko, you seemed troubled.  Please tell your
grandma ma what is bothering you."
Ryoko knew she would tell her grandmother everything,
but could she go through with telling her about
Tenchi? She decided to discuss the conversation with
Tedra.  After telling her tale, her grandmother shook
her head tsking . "That was a very cruel thing she
said about your sister, and you.  I'll talk with her.
She listens to me." Ryoko thanked her grandmother, but
her lost look remained on her face.
"Now you haven't discussed your other cause of
despair. Please tell me. Haven't I always had the
answer for you?" Ryoko smiled at her grandmother.  She
knew she could tell her.
She told her story from the beginning to end. Before
she got to the end, she was in tears, and was sobbing
in Desiree's lap.
"... and he might choose Ayeka, and I won't be able to
take that." she was, as you can guess, talking about
Tenchi.
"Dear child, if you love him so much, you would want
him to be happy." her grandmother pointed out.
"I do! But... but..." she was sobbing "*sniffle* I
love him so much, and I would die for him!"
This was true, for she did die for him after she
dropped him off at the palace on Jurai, so he could
save Ayeka from Kagato and save Jurai along with it.
She had reopened her wound she recieved from Kagato
and lossed a lot of blood.  She was brought back to
life on some planet, by the habitants there.  As soon
as she was able, she went back to Earth to be with
Tenchi.  But he was going to choose Ayeka.  She sobbed
again.  She saw her grandmother look at her with all
the love she possessed for her.  She realized that she
said all that out loud and felt a little better.  She
smiled back at her relative.  Desiree looked like she
was 30 while she was only 56.  She wanted to look
older to match the description of grandmother, but she
wanted to be younger. But she looked like she was 24
today.
"Do you really love him that much?" she asked Ryoko.
"Oh grandma ma, but I do, I do!" she stated
passionately.
"Then don't give up.  Tell him how you feel, and ask
about how he feels for you.  Don't run or hide. Just
walk up to him and say it. >Tenchi, I have been in
love with you since I first saw you, and I want to
know right now.  How do you feel about me?  I will
tell you everything about me and I will leave nothing
out. But if you don't feel the same about me as I do
about you, then I love you enough to let you go.<
That's what it takes."
Ryoko ran up and hugged her grandmother and gave her a
peck on her cheek.
"Thanks for everything grandma ma.  You've always
helped me."  she ran out to find her servants to help
her get ready for the ball."
        Tenchi was putting on his formal wear of white silk
and green wool.  He dressed in the medieval fashion of
the planet, and he fitted right in.  He thought of how
Ayeka might look tonight.  He was caught off guard
when he saw her in her costume last night, and her
hair color.  She looked very sophisticated last night.
 He was glad she was next door, but he can't say the
same for whoever stayed on the other side of the wall.
 He was woken up from someone shouting, then doors
slamming, and lastly someone cursing.  He asked around
about the room but someone said that it was the
fitting room for the princesses to get dressed or to
try on new gowns.  They also explained that Princess
Tedra was scolding a fellow servant for her shoes not
fitting her feet.  He just shook it off.  He wondered
what Ayeka was doing.  He thought he loved her, but he
had Ryoko in his mind a lot and he felt more drawn to
her, but she was avoiding him.  He heard a servant
girl calling for him with a message from Princess
Ayeka.
        Ayeka was pacing the room.  She wasn't used to these
loose gowns, but she loved the freedom of movement
they offered.  She was wearing a simple gown of pink
and lavender with tiny rose like flowers embroidered
in the material.  Her hair was kept in her usual style
with her tiara.  She paced till Tenchi entered her
room.
"Ayeka are you read..." he stopped as she turned
around "Ayeka, you... you... you are b... b...
beautiful to..to... tonight." Ayeka blushed at the
compliment.  She took his arm into hers and let him
lead the way outside.
        The ball was held on the Skyview Pavilion.  Many
people joined in the festivities, including the lower
class <peasants, servants, ect.>  Tenchi and Ayeka
graced the dance floor and moved with the music.  They
took a break and decided to watch everyone else have a
good time.  Ayeka had her five minute break before she
was pulled into the crowd.  She seemed to be having a
great time to Tenchi, and he smiled.  He had a nearby
servant to fix him some Daedelonian punch, which was
good, but had a alcohol content, so he didn't drink it
all that much.  He was about to look for Ayeka until a
vision had completely stolen that thought away.  A
woman dressed in the most grandest of silks and satin.
 She wore a white silk under layer and the over layer
was cream chiffon. Her sleeves were cream satin and
were trailing, and the dress was trimmed in jade
ribbon.  Her hair was slightly spiky, but yet it still
rested along her back, and on top of her head rested a
crown of white and mauvish-pink flowers, held together
by different colored ribbon.  She was greeted warmly
by the guests and her subjects.  Soon the music picked
up and she was swept away by one of the village boys.
<Ryoko...> he thought.  He went back to watching the
merry makers until someone had pulled him in.
        Soon the crowds settled down and the ball became what
a ball should be.  Tenchi went to the sides again and
breathed the fresh air.  He felt someone behind him.
"The stars are beautiful, aren't they?" he turned
around and met the most lovliest of the women tonight,
Ryoko.
"Yes, I guess they are.  I bet they are the most
beautiful stars ever."
"I would have to agree on that." she said quickly.
"Ryoko."
"Yes Tenchi?"
"Would you like to dance?"
She smiled
"I would love to."
They took to the dance floor and danced.  They stole
the attention of the crowds and were worshipped from a
distance.  Ryoko felt that tonight was the best night
of her life, the words weren't said, but she was near
her Tenchi.  Her Tenchi.  She wanted this night to
last forever.  She leaned closer and laid her head on
his shoulder and reveled in the scent of him.  Tenchi
didn't know why, but he pulled her a little tighter to
him and held her close.  They were dancing with a room
full of people and they had forgotten where they were.
Soon the music ended and so did the dance.  Ryoko saw
her brother and decided to go talk to him and then
find her grandmother.  She wanted to shout out to the
world that she was in love with Tenchi Masaki, no one
can ever take that away.  She walked up to her brother
and danced with him.
        Tenchi was taking a break till Ayeka spotted him.
She dragged him to the dance floor and was dancing
with him.  He wasn't thinking right then though.  He
was still in a daze from the dance with Ryoko.  He
soon snapped out of it to realize that Ayeka had
managed to get a little drunk off from the punch.  He
tried to get her to sober up, but drunk alien women
are stubborn as hell.
        Ryoko was through dancing with Garrik and her
grandmother was at home.  She was trying to make her
way through the crowd.  Tenchi was trying to keep
Ayeka on her feet until she leaned up on her tiptoes,
then she kissed Tenchi on the lips, then allowing a
little bit of her tongue into his mouth.  Ryoko showed
up as soon as Ayeka kissed him.  Tenchi pulled her
away, and found a hurt looking Ryoko standing there
looking lovilier than the stars, but had a small tear
ran down her face.
"Ryoko, it isn't wha..."
"Don't say anything.  I have known you love her, and
have chosen her, but I kept building my hopes up.  I'm
sorry Tenchi but I just can't stay here while you two
love each other.  But since I love you more than life
itself, and that I would gladly die for you, I will
let you go."  She turned away "Goodbye Tenchi, I will
always love you." she phased away.
"Ryoko..." was all he could say. Ayeka passed out and
Tenchi helped her to her room.
        Ryoko didn't bother changing out of her gown she just
grabbed what she would need then found one of her
ships.  Her grandmother shown up.
"Ryoko, where do you think you're going?"
"Away, and I'm not coming back." the ex-pirate stated
boarding the ship she was running in.  Desiree looked
at the ship and knew Ryoko wouldn't have a chance
escaping in that.
"I see that there is no way that you will stay here
any longer."
Ryoko nodded and Desiree sighed.
"Well if you're running away, then do it up right.
Follow me."
Ryoko followed her grandmother to her ship.  It was
called the Space Star, for it blended with the stars
as a stealth method.  Ryoko was apalled that her
grandmother was letting her use her ship.
"Grandma ma, are you seriously letting me use your
ship?  I mean, isn't it only that you are allowed to
operate it?"
"My dear grandchild, I am letting you use it to fetch
that ship of yours and then you can return it to me.
And as to the operating of it, you are what I am, for
thus is your name."  Ryoko's jaw dropped.  She knew
her name meant a summoner of spirits but she didn't
know she actually had that ability.  "When you were
very young, you have shown signs of a powerful being,
even your grandfather had felt it.  When you were 2
years old, you had an illness, and it had caused you
to have delusions."  Ryoko remembered being told that
she was sick, she even heard Tedra saying that she
must have been sick when she ran away to be a space
pirate, while she was recovering from her slight
concussion.
"You ended up chanting a chant that I had forgotten
and you called Marina from a sleep that a demon has
put her under.  I have fought the demon of course and
won, but Marina, my guardian, the world's guardian,
was put to sleep.  We had to fend for ourselves, and
then you came around." Ryoko now knew why Marina was
always following her around, she was protecting her.
Desiree continued "After you had called her, she said
that you were to be the the next heir to the throne,
but I told her that Garrik should be the next one,
then you.  I had a feeling that you would do something
like you did, so did Marina, since she had named
Garrik the next in line to the throne."  Ryoko looked
at the ship in awe.  It was white and when it was in
space, it looked like a star in the distance.  Then up
close it looked ghostly and it had frightened a few
people. It also was very fast.
"Sorry that you wouldn't meet Tenchi as my true love
and the one who returns my love." she appologized.
"Dear child, I wish you would never give up.  You
would never know what he feels."
"But grandma ma, I have seen him kissing Ayeka." Ryoko
pointed out.
"Was he enjoying it?" Desiree asked
"I don't know."
"Then did he say he loved her?"
"I don't... I just walk... *sigh* No."
"Then you don't know if he loves you or not."
"Maybe, but he was still kissing her."
Desiree let out a defeated sigh. This was going no
where.
"Then you can take my ship, and go to where your heart
leads you."  Ryoko gave her grandmother a warm hug. "I
love you so so so sooo much.  Thanks for being there
for me grandma ma."  Desiree hugged her back and
whispered
"I love you my dear granddaugter."
"I love you too, grandma ma."
Ryoko boarded the 'Space Star' and lifted off to
space.
        Tenchi ran to the docking bay and found Desiree.  She
knew this was the young man that had stolen her
granddaughter's heart and attentions.
"Have you seen the Princess Ryoko?" he asked urgently.
 Desiree smiled.
"Every chance I get.  I'm her grandmother, the Dowager
Empress Desiree."
Tenchi was awe struck, but he could tell that she was
descended to Ryoko, for she had the yellow eyes, and
cyan hair.  She would be the exact copy if she didn't
look like she was in her thirties. "You must be
Tenchi, she has told me so much about you, and if you
want to know where she is, she has went off in my
ship."  Tenchi looked worried.
"And don't worry, I knew you would be searching for
her, so I programmed my ship to put her to sleep, and
to send her to Earth." Tenchi was shocked but relieved
at the same time.
"How can I thank you?"
"Just a simple hug would do, for I have a good feeling
about you." she smiled at the rhyme, her and Ryoko
made up, but it was 'give me a hug, and it would do,
because I love you.'
Tenchi smiled and gave her a hug, and boarded the ship
he arrived in.
Desiree, smiled and whispered a chant in her language
"Young knight, young prince, be safe in catching your
lady, your princess, my grandchild.  Young lady, my
dear child. Sleep safe, and stay peaceful all the way
through your journey to your heart." She chanted a
protection spell to summon Ryoko's protection powers
and to help aid her sleep.
        Ryoko had wetted her hair, and spiked it up the way
she had it.  She didn't want to feel her rank anymore,
and how she wore her hair helped that.  She still wore
the gown she was in earlier, and will change when she
picks up Ryo-ohki.  She snatched all the jewelry she
wore, off.  All except her locket.  She started to
feel sleepy, and she had lied down on the soft bed in
the ship's quarters, then she fell asleep.
        The ship finally reached it's destination.  Ryoko
beamed down to Earth, in front of the lake near the
Masaki house.  She stood there looking at the lake
with a sorrowful expression. <Here I am,  Ryoko, the
ex pirate, ex princess, and loveless.>
   *Music Playing over scene.  'You'll see' by
Madonna*
 <All by myself, I don't need anyone this time. I know
I will be fine and no one can take that from me.
You'll see.>
        She turned around to head to the house, to get
Ryo-oki, and leave.  As she turned around, she saw
Tenchi.  He was standing there in the clothes he wore
at the ball.
"Ryoko... " he began. She turned around.
"Oh, Tenchi. It's you." she said hurriedly  "I finally
notice that you are wearing the style of my people.
It looks... rea... really nice on you, but not all
that great... Umm... Oh!" she turned around with her
right hand over her face.  Tenchi walked up to her and
gently pried it off her face, then slowly kissed each
finger, gently.  She relaxed a little, with shivers
running up her spine.
"You're beautiful." he whispered. She finally pleaded.
"Tenchi, please don't tease me so.  I can't bear it."
Tenchi looked up from her hand with his gentle brown
eyes.
"How I am I teasing you?"
"You love Ayeka." she let out.
"You're right, I love Ayeka..." she closed her eyes
tightly, but he lifted her chin and continued  "But
like a sister.  You on the other hand..." he pulled
her face to his, meeting in a soft kiss.
"I love with all my heart." she turned from him.
"But you kissed her." he turned her to face him
"She kissed me.  She was drunk, and I couldn't stop
her." he pulled her close to him "If I was in love
with her, would I do this... " he kissed her neck "or
this... " he kissed her forehead "or... this?" he
kissed her, letting his tounge enter her lips a
little, and she let him with no resistance.  They
stood there by the lake kissing passionately, and when
they finally broke apart, they held each other.
"Ryoko, tell me... tell me about your past, why you
never told us, and why you went back."
Ryoko told him about her past, then why she never told
the others about it, besides when she had those run
ins with Ayeka, that battle with Nagi, or about
planets she has been to while on the run.
"... I never told you about what am, because you would
never believe me, and the fact I never actually had a
chance to tell you. By the time I did have a chance, I
didn't because you would never believe me.  As for
returning, I was forced to go when a sec one officer
was sent to retrieve me." she explained everything
from there.  He was a little peeved that someone took
Ryoko by force, but he was glad that it happened.  He
did find out Ryoko's past and he did fall in love with
her instead of Ayeka.  He almost slapped himself.
"Tenchi, you look as if you swallowed a lemon.  Are
you ok?"
"No Ryoko, I just left Ayeka on your planet."  Ryoko
just smiled. "So..." she said
"She will be pissed at me!" he exclaimed.
"No she won't.  I swear that I saw her and Garrik
making eyes at each other.  Come to think of it, I
think I heard him talking about asking her out for a
night in the village."
Tenchi smiled.
"So you think she won't mind if I did this... " he
took her in a dip and kissed her so passionately, you
could hear small explosions.
"Tenchi, I never told you that I love you."
"Actually you have, and you said and I quote "...since
I love you more than life itself..."
"Oh Tenchi, I never believed dreams come true until
now, except only a portion of them have came true."
Tenchi thought for a moment, then pulled out a blue
velvet box, then he opened it to reveal a ring that
had three stones of sapphire, emerald, and diamond set
in it.
"Ryoko, if this completes it... Will you marry me?"
Ryoko slowly took the box and looked at it with tears
in her eyes.
Oh Tenchi, yes  I will marry you." she cried then she
kissed him.

-Epilogue-

        Tenchi waited at the alter, nervously.  He stood
beside his grandfather, who was going to marry him and
Ryoko.  Tenchi tried to regain posture when he heard
the wedding song.  He smiled at Sasami as she helped
Aurora with the duty as a flower girl.  Kiyone,
Mihoshi, Washu, and Ayeka were the bride's maids. They
wore cream colored gowns trimmed in a soft peach,
while the flower girls wore white with pink roses
embroidered on them.  Tenchi's little cousin, Taro,
who was only 5 years old, was the ring bearer, and
Garrik and  Tenchi had become best friends and he made
Garrik  his best man.   He wanted to take Ryoko to the
place he planned as a honeymoon get-away, and get
through the uh... marriage consummation. When he saw
her in her planet's style gown that was creme with
jade ribbons and she had cherry blossoms woven into a
crown with her hair brushed down so she could wear a
veil. Her father, who she had finally gotten to talk
to, was walking her down the aisle.  She smiled at him
with a little of her fangs showing promising a special
night later on, but also of happiness.  She came up to
the alter and was handed over to Tenchi.  The vows
were said, and the rings were exchanged, then one more
step to be a couple in name.
"I now pronounce you husband and wife.  You may kiss
the bride."  Tenchi and his new wife looked at each
other then sealed their vows with a holy kiss.
        After the reception, Ryoko and Tenchi finally went on
their honeymoon and they just toasted each other.
"Hmmm... Mrs. Tenchi Masaki... hey I like it." Ryoko
said smiling.
"I like it too. It suits you" he whispered in her ear
"But Ryoko Masaki sounds better."
Ryoko kissed him and leaned against him in his arms.
She wanted this to last forever.
"You know what Ayeka said our second present was?"
Ryoko asked as Tenchi was kissing places on her neck.
"What was that?" he was resuming kissing her neck and
shoulders and she shivered.
"That we are going to be an aunt and an uncle.  Her
and Garrik are having a baby."
"That's great."
"Tenchi, you know what I was thinking?"
"What?" he gently laid her down on the bed they were
in.
"That Ayeka and I have a new subject to rival over."
"What would that be?" he asked looking into her eyes.
"Tenchi, what do you say we start working towards
being parents?
He kissed her softly on the lips, then kissed her
forehead.
"I say let's get started."
They then made love.

Notes: Ok maybe not as good as I wanted but the ending
was very touching, wasn't it?  As I said, I'm not too
good with battle scenes so before I can send a good
fanfic with a lot of action, I have to work on my
battle scenes a little.  I am trying to break my block
on my Journal Entries sequel, so I will have a short
break on that.  I might try to work on a limey fic
later, but it's going to be a little mild. I have to
keep things at a medium since I don't feel that great
in the art of fanfic writing.  I  am just now learning
about the Pretty Sammy series, and it might help me if
someone could send me info on that.  I do not claim
'You'll See' but  Madonna is the original writer. I
just thought it would go with the mood in the story. I
would like to thank my family, for encouraging me, my
friends who gave me ideas <If this story sucks, then
I'm not entirely to blame.  Hey guys, we recieve the
same amount of credit, so if I suck then you suck just
as bad as me. :0)  Thankyou to those who have comented
me on my work.  Please feel free to send me any C&C or
if it just sucks, give ideas that will benefit it very
much.  I'm open to ideas.  I have probably said too
much, so I will close this with an thank you , and a
please be patient for my next fic. :0)