By Buggyness (c) 2001
Buggyness@hotmail.com




SACRIFICES


	Tenchi shifted his weight to his left leg.  His right one was cramping 
slightly.

	"Washuuu!" He whined.  "How much longer do you need me hooked up to this
thing?"

	The boy stood on a slightly elevated and circular platform.  A tall bar 
extended
straight behind him with two curving armrests to which his hands were 
strapped tight.
The bar behind him also had two smaller extensions which held his head 
facing forward.
He was wearing nothing but his boxers but his chest and portions of his 
right leg had
sticky electrodes affixed to various areas.

	"Awww, Tenchi, don't you want me to understand just how you're able to use
those wittle powers of yours?"  A childish voice piped in. "Besides, you 
like where I stick
those electrodes.  Hehehehe!"

	The small Washu stuck yet another wire to Tenchi's leg, precariously high 
up his
thigh.  The boy gulped.

	"Washu, come on, I'm hungry.  We've been down here for hours.  Sasami's got
lunch about ready.  Please, can't we take a break?"

	"Well...nope."

	Washu went over to her console and pushed a button.  Suddenly a bright blue
beam descended from on top of Tenchi and bathed him in a luminous glow.

	"That's odd."  Said Washu.

	"Washu, this is kinda hot, can you turn it down a bit?"

	"This is very odd, indeed."

	The pink-haired scientist examined her console more thoroughly.  Her eyes
scanned the button she just pushed.   They fell to the front of the console. 
  The front of
the panel looked somewhat different.  She got closer.

	"What was this?"

	Washu peered closer to see that the front panel of the consol had some sort 
of
putty holding it on.  She fingered it slightly and the panel fell off.  
Washu held up her
finger to see that the putty on it was actually chewing gum.

	"Come on, Washu, this hurts!"  Tenchi said quite loudly.

	Washu peered from her finger to the now exposed panel.  Inside the box the 
wires
were sparking and smoking.

	Poof!

	"Mihoshi!"  Screamed Washu so loudly the whole house shook.

	The blue beam that surrounded the dark haired boy started to spark.  Bright
squiggles of electricity swarmed and hit Tenchi.  He began to scream.

	"Washu!  Come on, get me out of here!"  He started to shake in the current 
of the
beam.

	"Hold on, Tenchi!"  Washu grabbed a remote from a velvet cushion floating
nearby.  She frantically pressed the button.  As she did, the straps on 
Tenchi's arms and
those restraining his head released.

	"Come on, Tenchi, jump out of there!"

	"I, I, I, I, c,c,c,an't!"  He stammered.  He was only able to bring his 
arms down
from the armrests.  Tenchi grasped himself and winched in pain as the 
sparkling blue
beam became flickered with red.

	"Miss Washu, what is going on here?"  A voice from behind uttered.

	"Ayeka, please stand back!"

	"Tenchi!"  The purpled haired first princess of Jurai ran toward the boy 
who was
now totally enveloped in light.  Washu grabbed on to her sash preventing her 
from
touching him.

	"Do not get closer, this is a temporal disturbance probably caused by 
Mihoshi
meddling in the lab.  If you touch him, you will be trapped with him!"

	"I don't care!  Someone, please help us!"

        At that moment, the rest of the Masaki family stumbled into Washu's 
lab.
Ryouko, the pirate, Aeyka's little sister, Sasami, the bumbling Mihoshi and 
her partner
Kiyone along with Tenchi's grandfather, Katshuhito and finally, Tenchi's 
father,
Nobouyuki.

	"Stop!  Don't anyone touch him!  I'm trying to contain the field and get 
him out!"
screamed Washu as she typed furiously on her portable computer pad.

	Tenchi began screaming in pain and writhing within the light.

	"Damnit, Washu!  He's hurting!  Tenchi!"  Screamed Ryouko as she flew past 
the
others and toward Tenchi.

	"Ryouko! No!"  Yelled Washu, but too late as Ryouko wrapped her arms around
Tenchi as to carry him out of that beam.  Instead, it enveloped her as well.

	"I can't stop it, I just can't stop it!"  Washu uttered as sweat fell from 
her
forehead.

	"Look! Something's happening!"  Yelled Kiyone.

	Tenchi and Ryouko, both growling in pain slowly became transparent.  A tiny 
orb
materialized above them.  Their vaporous forms twisted and writhed until 
sucked in by
the orb.  The small ball of light contracted and expanded in a stunning 
explosion that
knocked the others to the ground.

	All was black.

	"What happened to Tenchi?"  Ayeka was the first to rise and scour the lab 
for her
Tenchi.

	"It seems, someone messed with my control panel!"  Washu sneered at 
Mihoshi.
"And, they switched the wires for the bio reader with the wires to my 
catalog of sub
space labs and environments."

	"Waaaaaa, I'm sorry!  I thought that was part of the video game system!"
Mihoshi cried.  "I was trying to put the cartridge in and, and, it broke!"

	"Mihoshi, you twit!  You know you are not supposed to be in Washu's lab!"
piped Kiyone.

	"I'm sorry!  Please find Tenchi and Ryouko Miss Washu!"

	"I'm working on it, everyone."  She popped up a video screen and began 
typing
on her laptop.  "It seems that my little bio reader became a portal to one 
of my subspace
environments."

	"That shouldn't be too bad, we can get them out once you find them, right?"
asked Nobouyuki.

	"Well...ah hum, well..."

	"Well what, Miss Washu!" yelled Aeyka.

	"Well, I've been creating these small labs and environments every place I 
can.
You, know, to do certain experiments or like the little onsen I created for 
your girls to
enjoy, or this lab here in the broom closet, oh, for about 20,000 years or 
so.  Sometimes I
delete them when I'm done, sometimes I don't.  Sometimes I finish them 
totally,
sometimes, I don't...."

	"What do you mean, finish them totally?' Asked Tenchi's Grandfather.

	"Well, um, some of them have breathable air, some have only carbon
dioxide...Some have water and plants, some don't."

	"Washu, please tell us you can find Tenchi." Pleaded Sasami.  The cabbit 
Ryo-oki
chimed in a "miya."

	"Yes, I will, no doubt about it...it's just, I have about 23,000 of them 
floating out
there.  This may take some time."

	"Please, little Washu, please find them.  I didn't mean to have this 
happen."
Mihoshi bawled.

	"Mihoshi, we'll find them.  Come on, let's let her work," Kiyone said as 
she
ushered the distraught blonde out of the lab.  The others followed, leaving 
Washu and
Ryo-oki alone in the lab.

	"Miya?"  Asked the cabbit.

	"I know, Ryo-oki.   I can't speak to Ryouko either, our psychic link has 
been
severed."

***

	Tenchi and Ryouko flew through time and space at breakneck speed.  They 
flailed
their arms and legs about.  Suddenly, a shimmering glow appeared in the 
space tunnel in
which they traveled.  Quickly, a shining orb was approaching their feet.  
They landed
with a thud on the crystal floor.

	"Ouch!"  Tenchi winched, clutching his left arm.

	"Are you OK?" Asked Ryouko rubbing her head.

	"No, I think my arm is broken." Tenchi grimaced as he tried to rotate his 
wrist;
there was a large bruise on his forearm.  "I think I landed on it."

	"Here, let me help you out."

	Ryouko took off the red sash from her pink kimono.  The fabric still held 
tight to
her svelte form.  She gingerly made a sling and helped Tenchi's arm into it.

	"Thanks, it doesn't hurt at all if I don't move it.  Where do you suppose 
we are?

	"I don't know, but I'm gonna find out."

	Ryouko flew up into the air.  Her alien physiology allowed her to defy 
gravity.
High up she went.  She was able to see more clearly their prison.  It was 
about as big as
the hot springs Washu created for them.  However, there was absolutely no 
water, no lush
plants, no rocks, nothing but a flat crystal floor and the big domed sky.  
Ryouko could see
the stars when she looked above and she attempted to fly higher.

	Bonk!

	"Ouch!"  She yelped as she hit an invisible shield that surrounded the 
platform.

	Ryouko summoned the power of the red gem that was imbedded in her left 
wrist.
She attempted to phase through the shield, to pass right through it.

	Bonk!

	"Shit! Tenchi!  I can't get through!"  She rubbed her head and descended to 
the
crystal ground.

	"Ryouko, where do you think we are?"

	"Looks like a sort of room Washu created."

	"Well, good, then all we have to do is wait, she'll find us."

	"Tenchi, she has a lot of them."  Ryouko looked worried.

	"Well, she is the smartest woman in the universe.  She'll find us."  Tenchi 
smiled
nervously.

	"I hope so, it's hot here."

	Ryouko phased out of her kimono.  She stood there in a short sleeved 
version and
holding the extra fabric folded in her hands.

	"Here, if we have to rest on this hard ground, we can uses these as 
cushions."

	They both sat down on the fabric.

	Tenchi then remembered he was clad only in his boxers.  A bead of sweat 
formed
at his temple and he blushed.

	"God, Tenchi, I've seen you with less on.  Don't worry, this ground is much 
too
hard for me to jump you on...well, just about."  Ryouko grinned and leaned 
forward.

	"Ryouko! Now's not the time!"

	"Come on, Tenchi, we've got some time to kill!"

	Ryouko embraced the boy.  Tenchi yelped in pain from his arm.

	"Hey!  That hurts!"

	"Oh, suck it up Tenchi.  Besides, you don't have to use that arm!"  She 
lunged at
him again.

	Tenchi escaped her grasp and ran with the pirate at his heels.  She lunged 
at him
tugging at his shorts.

***

	"Miss Washu?"  pleaded Mihoshi carrying a tray of food.

	"What do you want?"

	"I, I thought, you could use a snack, I promise I won't touch anything."

	Washu, angered at first at the intrusion, gazed into the big, blue googly 
eyes of
Mihoshi.  She was forlorn and had been crying.

	"I'm so sorry."  Mihoshi sniffed.

	"That's alright.  Don't be afraid, I am close to finding them."  Washu just 
could
not remain mad at poor Mihoshi.  Although the blonde was sure to break 
everything in
sight, she was at times their good luck charm. "Besides, I'm sure they are 
just sitting
around being bored waiting for us to find them!"

***
	"Come on, Tenchi, you know you always wanted to be alone with me, Aeyka 
just
kept you from it."  Piped Ryouko, her arms around Tenchi's neck.  She began 
kissing
him.
	"Ryouko, cut it out!"  Tenchi flung her off of him using all the strength 
in his
right arm.  She landed with a thud before him.  "This is not the time or 
place for this!"

	"Oh, I see, there's another time and place, right?"

	"Ryouko, please."

	"Well, we've got a lot more time to kill here.  I can wait."  She stood up 
and
began removing her pink kimono.

	"Ryouko, stop that!"

	"Silly boy, you've seen me naked before!"  She snickered.

	The dress fell to the floor before Tenchi could stop it.  Much to his 
surprise,
Ryouko stood there wearing a linen under dress that covered her quite well.

	"Tenchi, you have a naughty mind."  She laughed.  "It's just too damn hot 
in here.
What is it, about a hundred degrees?  Are you uncomfortable too?"

	"Yeah, I can't seem to stop sweating."

	"Is it the heat, or is it me?"  She growled.

	"Ryouko, it's the heat."

	Tenchi walked back to the pile of cloth on the ground and sat down.  Ryouko
picked up the kimono from the floor and wrapped it into a pillow.  She 
reclined on the
hard ground and rested her head upon the cushion she had just made.

	"Well, we'll play that game later.  Right now, I'm too hot and tired to 
chase you
around.  I'd give anything for some sake or beer right now."

	"Yeah, or some green tea, or a big bucket of ice water, " Tenchi replied.

	The two lay there side by side in the relative comfort of the cushions 
Ryouko
made with her garments.  They both starred up into the sky.

	"I don't recognize any of these constellations.  Do you Ryouko?"

	"No, Tenchi, we could be zillions of light years away from Earth."

	"Ryouko, when you flew up to the top of this thing, did you happen to see 
any
water or living things?"  Tenchi turned to her, his face quite serious.

	"No, Tenchi. There is nothing here but us and this damn heat."

	"Ryouko,  I don't want to scare you.  But Washu had better find us soon.  I 
don't
know about your body, but mine won't last long without water."

	Ryouko's face also turned very serious.  She would rather die than see 
Tenchi
suffer.  Her own body needed neither water nor food, although she relished 
in
overindulging in both, especially sake.  Washu had created her and enabled 
her to draw in
life energy from a planet's core, from the sun, from plants and trees, even 
from the dim
light of stars.  This unique part of her physiology allowed her to survive 
without aid of a
space suite in outer space or need of oxygen when she was under water.

	This place, however, scared her.  For one there was no source, not even the 
stars
to draw her energy from.  The shield that held them in, also kept the dim 
star light energy
out.  The only thing she could draw from was the gem in her wrist, 
and...Tenchi-
something she would not think of.  The gem posed a problem.  She was not 
exactly sure
how to harness its energy.  She could remember it took 700 years in the cave 
for her to
gain the strength to be freed, with Tenchi's help, of course.  But all her 
gems had been
embedded in the sword Tenchiken, outside the seal that held her imprisoned.  
Now that it
was in her wrist, she would have to concentrate to gain life energy from it. 
  If only she
had the other two gems, she believed it would be easier to figure out.  But 
that would not
help Tenchi at all.

	"Tenchi?" Ryouko asked staring up at the dark star-flecked sky

	"Yes?"

	"When you were little, right after..." She paused.  "Right after your mom 
died, do
you remember ever seeing me outside that cave?"

	"Uh, why do you ask?"

	"Dunno, just popped into my head."

	"Well, I would pretend I saw someone there-my playmate.  I always felt 
someone
there anyway.  When my mother died Grandpa or dad could not console me.  
When I
went to the cave I just started to feel better...comforted.  Thank you 
Ryouko, for being
there.  Ayeka told me the whole story."

	"Royal brat!  She never could keep anything to herself."

	"I think at the time, she did tell me in order to hurt you, but it only 
made me
appreciate your friendship more, Ryouko."

	"Friendship," Ryouko thought, "is that all I am?"

	"Now that I answered your question, how about one of my own?"  Tenchi 
asked.

	"Ok."

	"Ryouko, when you were under Kagato's control, just...just how many people 
did
you..."he sweated out the last part of his sentence. "....did you kill?

	Ryouko was strangely taken aback by Tenchi's question.  She would expect 
such
an inquiry from Aeyka-to use against her.  Or, maybe Kiyone or Washu on her 
bad days
would bring up such an icky memory.  Why would kind, sweet, Tenchi, want to 
know
something so horrible.

	"Well...um...Tenchi, there were just too many."  She hunkered down and
shivered at the memory.  Ryouko hated what she was.  She hated Kagato for 
controlling
her mind, making her do his evil bidding.  Before Tenchi's grandfather has 
imprisoned
her in that tomb of a cave she was a pirate, an assassin, a...demon-ruled by 
the will of a
madman.

	"Please, Ryouko, I...I didn't mean to make you upset."  Tenchi realized the
gravity of his question.  "I just, I just wondered about death, about 
getting over killing
someone.  I hated Kagato, probably as much as you, but it was still weird 
taking a life,
even an evil one.  I wondered how you, how you got...over it?"

	"I never got over it." She turned to him, a serious look upon her face. "I 
thank the
gods for the memories that remain forgotten and I pray each day to lose the 
ones I have."

	Silence.

	"Ryouko, none of that was your fault."

	"I know.  I just feel like a monster."

	"You are nothing like a monster.  You are strong and loyal.  You would 
protect
any of us to the end...even Ayeka."

	Ryouko smiled.  Her golden eyes sparkled in the starlight.

	"Tenchi, you're right...not about Ayeka though."  She smirked.

	They both resumed star-gazing.  Tenchi let out a yawn.

	"Man, it's so hot.  I think I'll take a little nap."

	"Me too."

They both drifted off to sleep.

***
	Mihoshi sat in the Masaki living room.  Her usually happy face was drawn 
with
worry.  She couldn't seem to keep her hair all up in the ponytail she wore 
and her eyes
were puffy and tired.  It had been two days since the mishap she caused.

	Everyone was treating her well even if she had sent Tenchi and Ryouko to 
their
doom.  She hadn't slept.  She hadn't eaten-something that worried Sasami to 
tears the
night before.
	"Miss Mihoshi?" Asked Tenchi's grandfather. "You must rest, you need to be
well."

	"Oh, honorable father!  You should throw me out of your son's house!  I 
don't
deserve to eat any of your food."  She bawled.

	"Mihoshi, sit back down.  I want you to know you did make a mistake.  
However,
we all still love and want you here."  Katsuhito put his arm around her. 
"Perhaps Washu
could use your assistance?"

	"Oh no, she'd kill me if I went back in her lab."

	"Sometimes we must overcome our fears.  Take a peak in there."

	"Well, maybe...." Mihoshi peered at the little door under the staircase.  
She
decided to wait for a while before offering her help again.

***
	Ryouko awoke to a dry, sore throat.  She was utterly soaked with 
perspiration.
How long had they slept?  An hour? A day?  She couldn't seem to sit up.  Her 
body was
so tired.  The heat, the damn heat had gotten worse.  Perhaps this was the 
room's day
cycle and they had arrived during the "night time".

	Tenchi.

	She turned her head over to her companion.  He was still sleeping but it 
seems
that his breathing was labored.  Ryouko summoned all of her strength to pull 
her body
upright.  Her head was pounding.  Was the atmosphere in this place as foul 
as the
temperature?  She leaned over and shook Tenchi awake.

	"Tenchi!"

	"Aw, Ryouko, just a few more minutes."

	"Tenchi, wake up!"

	Tenchi slowly opened his eyes.  His first sight was of Ryouko peering over 
him.
He halfway believed he was back in his own room, safe in his own bed, and 
about to be
pounced awake by the beautiful girl.  Then, he remembered where he really 
was.

	"Ouch...my throat is so dry."  He muffled, his voice scratchy.  "It's 
gotten
hotter."

	"Yes," she replied, helping Tenchi up to a sitting position. "But, I'm 
certain that
there's something wrong with the air here as well.  I can't quite place it, 
but it is
definitely foul."  Ryouko notices Tenchi grasp his head with his good arm 
and wince in
pain.

	"Tenchi?"

	"Ryouko....I feel like...like I drank too much sake last night.  My head is 
as
heavy as a rock."  He sank back down.

	"Come on, Tenchi, don't go back to sleep!"  Ryouko had the sinking feeling 
that
should he resume his nap, Tenchi would not awake.

	Ryouko now was aware that her body was summoning the power of her one gem
which had been the whole time sustaining her strength while Tenchi 
languished.   She felt
hot, groggy and tired, but otherwise healthy.  Tenchi rested his head back 
on Ryouko's
kimono pillow.

	"Ryouko....I'm just so....so sleepy."  Tench closed his eyes.

	"Come on, lazy bones!" she shook him roughly to awake him.  "No rest for 
the
wicked!"

	"Ryouko, "he mumbled, "I...can't."  His eyes opened and he gazed up at her
helplessly.

	"Damnit, I'm still able to do something about our predicament!"  Ryouko 
growled
with growing anger.  A pulse of energy ran down her body from her head to 
her feet and
as it traveled, her garment changed from the sweat soaked white dress into 
her red and
black battle gear.  She gazed at Tenchi determined to do something to help.

	Ryouko shot up into the air.
***

	Mihoshi tip-toed into Washu's lab.  Washu typed like a mad woman at her 
control
panel.  Beside her Kiyone scanned a monitor scrolling through files at 
breakneck speed.
Ayeka paced back and forth, in fact, she had worn a path in the floor of the 
lab.

	"One thing's for sure," Ayeka growled, " If they are alive, she's trying to 
seduce
him...and I'm not there to remind him of his virtue!"

	"Ayeka!"  Kiyone reprimanded the princess.

	"Ohhh!" she cried.  "Gods in Heaven, I would rather that demon have him 
than,
than, he..." she gulped.  "...than he had died!"  She collapsed to the 
ground in heaving
sobs.

	"Here we go again," Kiyone rolled her eyes and left her work station to 
comfort
Aeyka.  "There, there.  Ayeka, we are going to find them."

	While all eyes were diverted to the distraught princess, Mihoshi silently 
sat in
Kiyone's chair.  She starred at the screen floating at eye level.  It 
appeared to be file
names of all the worlds Washu had created.  She knew that Washu had a 
computer
program automatically searching her database but Kiyone was going over it 
manually as
well.  Mihoshi felt since she caused this disaster she had to be the one to 
make it right.
Although she had no idea what she was doing, Mihoshi began pressing buttons 
on the
keypad.

	"What are you doing!" yelled Washu, turning to the blonde.

	Mihoshi was about to reply, but her finger caused the screen to scroll 
down.  She
had pressed another key at the same time and in doing so, had selected a 
file and opened
it.  Suddenly, an alarm went off.  The lights started to blink.  On the 
large wall screen the
words "Eureka!"  flashed in red.

	"Mihoshi, get away from that!"  Screamed Kiyone running to her partner as 
to
pull her away from the console.

	"No! Kiyone, Mihoshi has found them!"  Washu ran to Mihoshi's console and
typed furiously.

***
	Ryouko flew up into the air as if in a murderous rage.  A heavy fog 
confused her
mind.  She was taking Tenchi out of this hell.  She summoned the power of 
her one gem.
Her body began to emit a luminous orange glow.  She put her hands together 
and swung
them both to the right and flung an enormous energy ball at the shield of 
their prison.
Sparks flew and then nothing.  She vaulted back and charged her powers 
again, this time
she hurled a continuous stream of power into the same point of her initial 
blast.

	The air around her was electrified and sparks flew.  A tiny crack appeared 
in the
dome.  Ryouko kept it up.  The small crack grew larger and a small hole 
appeared.  Her
power was exhausted temporarily.  Ryouko fell to the ground.  She gazed up 
at the
damage she had created.  Suddenly, she noticed there was a horrible hissing 
sound.
Ryouko, in her anger had attempted to make an escape route, forgetting that 
Tenchi could
not survive unaided in space.  The poor atmosphere of their tomb was being 
sucked out
through the small hole.  Ryouko had only succeeded in quickening the pace of 
Tenchi's
death.

	"No!"  She uttered in pure exhaustion. "Tenchi, I'm sorry, so sorry, I've 
killed
you."

	Tenchi had seen Ryouko's attempt.  His mind was as fuzzy as hers as they 
both
were under the influence of the poisoned atmosphere.  He too, did not 
realize the gravity
of her act until it was too late.

	"Ryouko, don't worry, please..."  He stammered and closed his eyes for a
moment.  He noticed his lungs felt weird.  "Just sit here by me, for a 
while."

	"Tenchi," Ryouko sobbed. Her mind wandered.  She tried to think of how she
could save him.  She nestled down and held the sleepy boy in her arms.  The 
air was
whizzing out at a faster rate.

	Suddenly, a brilliant idea popped into her head.  So simple, so wonderfully 
perfect
except for one tiny little thing...she would not survive it.

	"Tenchi, I have to see your left arm."  She gingerly removed the sling and
extended his arm, maneuvering his hand so that his wrist faced up.  He 
slightly groaned
with the pain the tiny movement caused.

	"Tenchi?"

	"Yes, " he replied.

	"I love you."

	"I know."  He closed his eyes.

	Ryouko summoned an inner power.  She held his hand, both of their wrists 
facing
up.  This power within her caused the red gem in her wrist to glow.  Ryouko 
prayed for
the miracle she had envisioned and her prayer was answered.

	The red gem's glow illuminated the whole area and when the glow died down, 
it
was no longer resting in the wrist of the pirate, but in the wrist of the 
young man she
cradled.  A tiny red spark traveled from the gem in the boy's wrist and up 
his arm.  It
engulfed his weak body and he took a deep last breath.

	Ryouko's body was in shock without her power source.  She still did not 
need air,
which was almost completely gone from the dome, but without the extra 
support of
oxygen and her gem, she transformed back into the coma like state.   It was 
as if Ryouko
was back in the cave before Tenchi released her.  She fell back to the 
ground at Tenchi's
side.

	The crystal prison was silent.  All the air had escaped into space.  No 
movement,
no sounds, not even the rhythm of breath escaped the two prostrate bodies 
lying on pink
fabric in the center of a floor of glass.

	Suddenly, a portal opened.  Two figures wearing fitted space suits emerged 
from
the black portal hole.
	"Any life signs?"

	"Scanning, Kiyone."

	"Well?" She pleaded.

	"Only...only...one!" Washu cried in anguish.  "Hurry get them back!"

	The two pulled Ryouko and Tenchi into the portal.

***
	"Nooooo!" Ayeka yelled in a blood curdling scream.  "Why not her!  Why not
her!"  She clung to the lifeless body of the man she loved eternally.  "I'm 
not going to
accept this!  Not again, not ever!"   She grabbed some contraption and flung 
it at Washu's
feet.  "You will do something!  I command you as First Princess of Jurai to 
revive him!"
Her eyes were unnaturally glowing.

	"Ayeka," Washu shook her head slowly side to side and calmly approached the
table on top of which Tenchi was laying.  "I, I would offer my own life to 
save his, to do
anything to save him...there is just nothing any of us can do for him now."

	"Tenchi!"  Ayeka clung to him and sobbed on his chest.

	Washu, again, calmly walked over to the opposite table on which was Ryouko.
She was unconscious but her chest moved up and down with glorious breath.  
Her body
had already started to heal in the sweet atmosphere of the Earth.  Even 
without her gems,
she was bathing in the life energy of the wonderful planet around her.

	"Oh, my little Ryouko."  Washu uttered as she pushed a stray bang off of 
the
pirate's forehead.  She shuttered at the thought of telling her about Tenchi 
when she
awoke.

	"Little Ryouko!  That beast killed my Tenchi!" Ayeka lunged toward Ryouko.
She mananged to bring her fists down on the pirate's chest as she was 
tackled to the floor
by Mihoshi and Kiyone.  "I hate her!"

	"Quickly, hold her down."  Washu reached for a bag to her right and brought 
out
a syringe-like object.  Ayeka was howling madly and thrashing about insanely 
on the
floor.   Washu injected her with the syringe.  Within seconds, she calmed 
down.

	"I hate her...hate her."  Aeyka slumped down and the two galaxy police 
officers
released her.  She calmly stared at the table where Tenchi lay.  "Tenchi." 
She uttered over
and over in her medicated state.

	"Mihoshi, please gather the family...Kiyone, you too."

	Mihoshi, in tears, and the still stoic Kiyone left the lab.  Washu surveyed 
this
horrible scene.  Ryouko was unconscious, Ayeka mad, and Tenchi...Tenchi was 
dead.
The smartest woman in the universe succumbed to her child like form and sank 
the floor
in tears.

***
	Ryouko sat up suddenly.  She was cold, gloriously cold compared the hell 
she
vaguely remembered.  Something else hung just on the tip of her 
mind...Tenchi.

	"Where is he?"

	"Settle down, Ryouko, please, rest yourself."  Mihoshi gestured to Ryouko 
to lay
back down.

	"I've had all the rest I need.  Where's Tenchi?"  She remembered her 
sacrifice.
She remembered giving Tenchi her gem.  Ryouko gazed at her empty left wrist. 
  Why
was she still alive?  Unless...

	"Mihoshi!  Where is Tenchi?"

	Mihoshi burst into tears and ran out of the room.

	Ryouko scanned her surroundings.  She was upstairs, in Tenchi's bed.  She 
was
wearing a t-shirt and shorts.  Where was he?  Ryouko got up slowly and 
exited the room.
Just outside, Mihoshi was sobbing in the floor.  Dazed, Ryouko slowly walked 
down the
stairs.

	Just inside the living room, Sasami sobbed in the arms of Nobuyuki.  
Tenchi's
grandfather held his hand firmly on his son in law's shoulder.  He closed 
his eyes and
prayed to lift the burden of sadness from Nobuyuki who suffered a double 
loss of both his
wife and then his only son.  Ryo-ooki cried gently at Sasami's side.

	As in a dream like state, Ryouko walked past the others and toward the lab 
door.
She entered Washu's lair.  As the room entered her field of vision she first 
saw Ayeka,
sitting in the floor mumbling to herself and still heavily sedated.  Kiyone 
sat in Washu's
chair, her head in her hands.  And Washu, Washu stood by the far table, a 
table which
was covered by a soft white cloth.

	"I'm so sorry, little Ryouko."  Washu told Ryouko using their mental link.

	"It can't be!"  Ryouko snapped out of her daze and flew to the table and 
ripped
off the shroud.  Tenchi lay there peacefully, still, cold and pale.

	"It was supposed to be me!  I tried to save him!

        "I know you tried."

	"No, you don't understand...he could not have died!"  She grabbed his left 
arm.

	"Ryouko!"

	"No!  See!  I gave it to him."  She frantically tried to get Washu to see 
the red
gem still embedded in Tenchi's left wrist.

	"Oh, Ryouko!"  Washu ran her finger over the gem.  Tiny sparks crinkled up
Tenchi's arm.  "Kiyone!  Quick, toss me that red device."

	Kiyone startled out of her anguish found the meter Washu asked for and 
flung it
to her.  The pink haired scientist ran the scanner over Tenchi's body.

	"Gods!  How could I have missed this!"

	"What!" demanded Ryouko, tears streaming down her face.

	"No heart beat, no breathing, but his blood...it's still circulating 
somehow and,
let's see, beta waves...barely present!"

	"What?" Asked Kiyone.

	"He is alive! The gem has kept him alive!"  Washu snapped her fingers and a
keypad and monitor appeared floating before her.  She began typing and huge 
mechanical
contraptions lowered themselves above Tenchi's body.  Gears turned. Cranks 
twisted.  A
beam of white light flowed down upon his body.

	Tenchi stirred.

	"Te...Tenchi?"  Uttered Ayeka.

	"Tenchi!"  Yelled Ryouko grasping his right hand.

	The boy grimaced under the bright light until it was extinguished.  Slowly, 
he
opened his eyes to see the beaming faces of Kiyone, Washu and Ryouko taking 
over his
fuzzy field of vision.

	"What?  You looked like you've seen a ghost?"  He said curiously.

	Kiyone passed out and fell to the floor.

***
	It was a beautiful, sunny day.  Birds sang merrily and Sasami hummed along 
with
them as she prepared the evening meal.  Soft giggles emanated from the 
Masaki living
room.

	"Tenchi!" Cooed Ryouko.  "You're not leaving my sight!" She wrapped her arm
around his neck.

	"Ryouko!"

	"Nor am I letting you out of mine, Lord Tenchi!"  Aeyka was on his opposite 
side
and her arm around him as well.

	Tenchi smiled.  For once, the girls were not fighting.  He smiled at them 
both and
silently promised to himself never to set foot in Washu's lab again.



End.


