Disclaimer
---------------
Tenchi and all related content is owned by AIC and Pioneer and what I am doing 
with them is purely to make a story I wanted to write about what could happen in 
the Tenchi Universe. This is mostly based on the OAV version. The concept of 
Sami-Ohki is a sort of blend of the names Sasami and Ryo-Ohki. This takes place 
a little while after episode 13 in the OAV series.

"Sami-Ohki's first space flight"

It was a few weeks later, during their playtime, when Sami-Ohki finally got up 
the guts to try and change into a ship. Ryo-Ohki flew up a little ways and 
transformed into the large crystalline ship that was Ryoko's main mode of 
interstellar transportation. Meowing a few times, Ryo-Ohki tried to get Sami-
Ohki to transform too. She just didnt know how to though. She took a couple 
steps back, leapt forward, closed her eyes, and concentrated. Suddenly, she felt 
a lot bigger, lighter, and very very solid. The sensation was very different 
too. She was getting a great deal of input from different sensors around the 
ship simultaneously. Taking a quick look around, she saw that Ryo-Ohki was 
already flying upwards out through the atmosphere. So thats how she wanted to 
play it eh? Without exactly knowing what to do, she shot up after her.

-------------

Ayeka was on her way to bring lunch to Tenchi when a bright flash caught her 
eye. She looked at it and saw that it was Ryo-Ohki transforming herself into a 
ship. A few moments later, another bright flash and there beside it was another 
crystalline ship. It was crystal blue with, instead of four crystal protrusions, 
there were ten. "<Gasp!> Sasami!" She broke into a run and entered the clearing 
just when they took off up off the planet. "Oh no! Sasami! Oh Sasami...please be 
careful. I hope she doesnt do anything dangerous. Hmm...blue? Ten wings? Oh, 
Tsunami! There has to be a connection." She pondered that for a minute, then 
turned back to where she dropped the bag of food and continued on to the fields, 
trusting Sasami's...no...Sami-Ohki's judgement.

-------------

Flying like this was fun, in a few moments, Sami-Ohki learned how to control 
herself, steer in gravity and zero g, and operate the ship's shields. It was 
after she had better control of the shields when Ryo-Ohki decided to playfully 
shoot a harmless bolt of light at her. Without meaning to, she launched an 
attack back which unfortunately was a really powerful beam. However, Ryo-Ohki 
was prepared for it and managed to deflect the blast enough for the shields to 
compensate. She then taught Sami-Ohki to test it out with small meteorites 
whizzing around. After blasting a few into thousands of atoms, Sami-Ohki found 
what cannon configuration made the light shots, and which were the big mother 
blasts.  After a few minutes of this, Ryo-Ohki started in on the more powerful 
shots and made Sami-Ohki dodge them. Amazingly, her ship was a lot more agile 
than she originally thought. She started building up to a full-scale assault 
until Sami-Ohki could no longer dodge all the shots. Seeing her chance, Ryo-Ohki 
unwittingly launched her most powerful blast at Sami-Ohki and momentarily forgot 
that her shields werent powerful enough. And Sami-Ohki wasn't prepared for it.

Suddenly, ten Light-Hawk wings opened up and absorbed the blast with hardly a 
shudder. Sami-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki were both bewildered. Then Sami-Ohki realized it 
was her, or rather Tsunami's doing. She just had more control over the 
deployment of them. Ryo-Ohki must have made the same conclusion because she was 
winding up for another attack. Taking a quick readout of her status, she noticed 
a shadow of Tsunami's figure inside the bridge. The reflection on the smooth 
glass-like floor was the old human Sasami.

As she pondered the meaning of this, a GP symbol appeared on her comm screen. It 
was Kiyone and Mihoshi. "Now hold on you two! This is a restricted area and fire 
fights are NOT allowed!" Kiyone called out, "Whatever disagreement you may have, 
you can finish it outside this solar system! Huh? Ryo-Ohki? Then who's this?" 
She looked closer, "Sasam...I mean Sami-Ohki? Is that YOU?"

"Whaa? Really WOW! Sami! You did it! Wow! You look great! Are those Light-Hawk 
wings? Did Ryo-Ohki try to hit you hard? What were you doing?" Sami-Ohki 
unwittingly sent a text message saying that they were just practicing.

"Oh really? Did you know you just broke thirteen regulations by what you guys 
just did?" Kiyone said, "Or did that not just occur to you?"

Ryo-Ohki sent a message saying that SHE had never knew about any regulations. 
After all, she USED to be a powerful pirate ship, and never had any need for 
them. But now that had changed, she might as well get them and learn them, if 
she was to turn a new leaf. Sami-Ohki called in and asked for a copy as well, so 
they both could know what they could do without hurting anyone or anything like 
that. In the back of her mind, with all those strict regulations, she knew their 
practice sessions wont be anything like today. Ryo-Ohki knew the same thing. But 
at least she would learn some things about what she could do.

She made a formal request to the Galaxy Police HQ that they were testing a new 
ship prototype and would like a small scedule for that. As long it wasn't far 
and she could get back home to make dinner in time. She also put it in that the 
ship was of Washu's making and hoped that her reputation was enough to get the 
GP to accept. It was pulling a few strings tight, but it should be alright. 
After Mihoshi made the recording, they went back to the main ship around Jupiter 
to send to the request to HQ.

They went back home as quickly as possible, and Sami-Ohki learned about 
atmospheric reentry from the things Ryo-Ohki was telling her about it. After 
landing, she changed back to her cabbit form and fell asleep on the spot. It was 
a lot they did that day.

------------

Ryo-Ohki knew that she was pushing Sami-Ohki a little unfairly, but she was 
doing so good that she didnt think it would hurt her very much. Seeing her 
asleep on the comfy ground in the sun, she decided it might be good to have a 
little nap too. It wasn't long before the only things moving was the grass in 
the wind and the little flies buzzing in the distance.

------------

Ayeka was starting to get worried. It was getting late in the afternood and 
Sami-Ohki wasn't there to prepare dinner. Anyway, Nobuyuki was making it 
tonight. She decided to go to the meadow where she saw Ryo-Ohki and Sami-Ohki 
change into ships and saw them sleeping there. Aww, how sweet they look. The sun 
drifted below the trees and a cold wind blew through. Ryo-Ohki got up and 
stretched. Seeing the sky, she meowed and poked Sami-Ohki hard. Getting up, they 
rushed off to the house. Just as they reached the treeline, they saw Ayeka 
standing there watching them.

Ayeka simply smiled at them, "It's alright, I just came to get you two for 
dinner, Nobuyuki already made dinner tonight, and at least it's edible. I 
checked on him a few times and tested the food. You two have been working really 
hard these past few days. I think you and Ryo-Ohki should take a week's 
vacation." she looked up at the darkening sky. "So, how was it flying around the 
stars?"

They started on their way back to the house when Ryo-Ohki switched to toddler 
form and took the whole trip explaining what they did. Some of it may have been 
exaggerated, surely, Ayeka thought. But the thing about Kiyone and Mihoshi made 
sense. After all, it was their duty. Getting to the house, the rest of the gang 
were already seated and eating hesitantly. Ryo-Ohki and Sami-Ohki were simply 
content to munch on carrots. They didn't fail to see the wince on Ayeka's face 
when she took a sip of the wonton soup. Mihoshi started talking about their 
exploits in space when Ayeka realized that most of it was true after all.

Mihoshi's commentary was interrupted by Kiyone after she mentioned Sami-Ohki's 
request. "Oh by the way, we got a reply from headquarters. You are sceduled to 
play around next sunday from 11 to 2. But you have to be at least as far as 
Neptune, I'm afraid, near sector 21 in this system. But, hey! Thats not too far. 
And, uhh, we'll sort of...ahem...ignore you both if you go a 'little' above the 
speed limit. Just slow down when you find someone on your scanners within a few 
lightyears away, OK?"

Ayeka was dumbfounded, "What's this about a request? Sami, you didn't ask the 
Galaxy Police if you could PLAY, did you? What would they think if they found 
that my sister, a Princess of Jurai, had been turned into...into...into a sort 
of clone of Ryo-Ohki? I mean, getting her record to be cleared was hard enough, 
convincing the GP Headquarters that this cute little bundle of fur that was 
capable of eliminating whole colonies decided to be a good kid was nearly 
impossible."

Mihoshi interrupted, "Well, when the found that she asked for a set of our 
regulations, they were really surprised, and decided to put her from "Caution" 
status to "Under Surveillance" which is a little better than she used to be. And 
now, while she is in ship form, she is obligated to follow the rules or else her 
status will be put back to status "Dangerous". You won't do anything like that, 
now. Would you?" Ryo-Ohki shook her head.

Ayeka turned to Sami-Ohki, "And did you get a copy now Sami?" She nodded and 
turned into a crystal and projected on the wall, a quick listing of what was 
there. "My, there certainly is a lot of stuff. Ok, now I want you to study them 
and make sure that on Sunday, you follow each and every one of these 
regulations, do you understand me?" She did a little double-take at her and 
said, "Oh my, I didn't know you could do that. Can you project text?"

"Yes" popped up on the wall.

Ayeka's eyes shone, "Wow! My little Sasami! We can talk to each other now 
without too much trouble!" There was a little whine from behind, "Oh, but you 
will still need Ryo-Ohki's help though, right?"

"Sure enough, I won't ever forget about you Ryo-Ohki. I still cant do EVERYTHING 
in the house. I need you." came next on the wall. Ryo-Ohki relaxed and rubbed 
her cheek on the floating crystal. Sami-Ohki turned back into a cabbit and 
playfully tackled Ryo-Ohki.

"Hold on you guys! Please play on the floor. We still need to finish our dinner! 
I'm ready for more Mr. Masaki!" Mihoshi said, holding up an empty bowl.

"Thats enough for me. Now Tenchi, please come with me, I want to be alone with 
you for a few minutes." Ryoko said, teleporting in from behind Tenchi and 
grabbing him.

Ayeka fumed, "Now hold on a minute you monster woman! He's got an arrangement 
with me!" She rushed up and grabbed his free arm.

"Since when?"

"Since now!"

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah!"

"We'll see about that! Tenchi is MINE!" Ryoko held out her free arm and charged 
up an orange bolt to blast the princess off her feet.

"Not so fast! You seem to be forgetting, that my shields are more than a match 
for your puny blasts."

"Oh really, then take THIS!" She released her bolt and it ricocheted straight 
into the ceiling. After blasting a hole through, the house, they were showered 
with debris.

"Oh! My hair! Look what you did Ryoko! You blew a hole in the house!"

"It wasn't MY fault! It was yours! You provoked me into trying to shoot you! How 
was I supposed to know that you were using your guardians to fortify your 
shields?"

"Ooh! I was not! I warned you that my shields that I was powering myself were 
too much for you. You were going to shoot me anyway, weren't you?"

"Well, you're right there. But thats no reason to provoke me further! You just 
needed to put up your shields and just taken the blast like a responsible girl 
instead of angling it so it would blow up through the roof."

Tenchi decided he could chance interrupting, "Uhh, girls, I think that it was 
BOTH your faults..." <Uh oh, why did I just say that?> "Well...What I mean 
is...uhh...I think that you both should have gone outside and have at it there 
instead of INSIDE the house..."

"Why dont you mind your own business?" Ryoko snapped.

"Because this IS my business!" Tenchi snapped back without thinking, "I mean, 
c'mon, this is my house after all. And since you are both living in it as well, 
it is your house too. What damages to the house that is of your doing, you are 
going to have to pay for it. And since you both are responsible for the damage 
tonight, you both will have to split the costs."

Washu teleported in, "But I could fix all this in a jiffy without any costs..." 
Ayeka and Ryoko gave a sigh of relief, "...well, maybe a small cost, and it 
involves you in my lab...<maniacal laughter>...but thats not asking for much is 
it?"

"Oh! Washu! You're back! We didn't expect you back so soon, I thought you were 
going to be a few more weeks."

"Oh you know me, I simply tinkered with the power core system on the way and 
managed to open up a wormhole to my destination. And I simply made the return 
trip back here the same way. Too bad about the core now though. All ruined. But 
I got what I wanted. Oh and by the way, it's 'Little Washu!' Don't you forget 
it!" Then she glanced slyly at Tenchi, "Now, how about letting 
me...<snicker>...tinker with you?"

Ayeka and Ryoko exchanged glances. Then they thought about what she did in her 
'experiments' on Tenchi from reports from Mihoshi. They hastily stood up, and 
bowed to Tenchi. "Uhh...We most humbly apologise for our most unworthy wrong-
doing and would most humbly ask for your humble forgiveness." Ryoko said in her 
most innocent voice she could make.

"Yes, I agree with Ryoko and I must say that it was mostly my fault for egging 
her on and if there is anything I could do to make up for that...maybe a backrub 
or something like that...I would gladly do it for you."

Ryoko facefaulted, then recovered and teleported behind Tenchi. Grabbing him, 
she said in her seductive voice in his ear, "I could do much more for you than a 
simple backrub. I could do amazing things for you and all you have to do is 
ask..."

Ayeka could stand no more, "Ryoko! Don't hold on to my Tenchi that way. He 
doesn't want anything a monster like you could offer him."

Growling under her breath, Ryoko replied, "I'm warning you, stay out of this. 
Just because I can hug him and you can't doesn't mean you can try to spoil all 
the fun for me."

"Why you..."

"GIRLS! PLEASE! I'm trying to get you two to at least cooperate on one little 
thing, and yet you both are still fighting. Go outside, both of you, until you 
can calm down, be nice to each other, NOT blow more of the house away, and not 
do this anymore. From now on, if there is any more mention of a fight brewing 
inside the house, I will be forced to ask you to leave for a week. You got it?"

They both facefaulted at this. Ryoko, stunned, said stammering, "You 
mean...you...you would...actually...kick us out of the house? I mean...you 
really mean it?"

Tenchi nodded and pointed a finger at the glass door, "Of course I mean it! Now 
go outside and cool off!"

Grumbling, Ryoko teleported out. Ayeka, stunned at the turn of events, stumbled 
out the door. How could he treat a crown Princess of Jurai like a common 
criminal? Well, so what if this small house is sort of his kingdom? Well, he is 
also a crown Prince of Jurai, so maybe he has some power in the matter.

A few minutes after they left, the rest of the Masaki household heard muffled 
yelling and soon blasts were heard outside. Tenchi hoped they wouldnt miss and 
turn the whole house into a pile of smoking wreckage. He sighed, and put the 
chopsticks laden with food into his mouth, forgetting who had cooked this 
evening. It took the next few moments to clear his mouth, get a drink of water, 
and get rid of the unsavory taste. "Gee, thanks son." Nobuyuki said 
sarcastically, "Why can't anyone like my cooking?"

"Thats because you cook with too much salt, you don't marinate enough, you use 
the wrong pans for the wrong dishes, AND you have absolutely no cooking skills." 
Washu said, pulling up a few holographic charts and diagrams and pointing to 
each set of data in turn, the last being a big red, flashing "X".

"Oh well, at least its somewhat edible..." Tenchi grimaced as he took another 
bite. Then excusing himself, he took a quick leave to the bathroom. The others, 
except for Mihoshi, made up excuses to leave as well.

"At least SOMEONE likes my cooking." Nobuyuki sighed

Mihoshi took another bite and said with her mouth full, "Its not that at all, 
Mr. Masaki, its just that I'm so hungry, I dont notice the flavor. If I 
did...ack...like now, I would have to say, it tastes horrible. I'm sorry." She 
swallowed, took a long swig of water, tidied up her plate, got up, then left, 
leaving Nobuyuki behind to do all of the dishes. All of them, with the exception 
of Mihoshi, were still mostly full. And hers still had some food on it. Nobuyuki 
bowed his head and tears streamed from his eyes.

--------------

Author's notes:
--------------
So, that's my second episode. How did you like it? I told you that my second 
episode would be coming soon. I finished it just before I posted the first one, 
so I posted them together. My ideas came that since Ryo-Ohki could turn into a 
ship, why couldn't Sami-Ohki? And since she is also Tsunami, she should somewhat 
reflect that aspect. Hence, the ten crystal wings, and control of the Light-Hawk 
wings. I kinda messed up the part where she notices Tsunami's image in the 
bridge, but Mihoshi and Kiyone had to come up somewhere. Why not ticket them for 
speeding and playing dangerously? Bet Ayeka would love that. ^_^. And, well, 
everyone knows that since Sasami came into the household, everyone got used to 
her cooking so well, that Nobuyuki's cooking seems horrible. Or rather, it IS 
horrible, just tolerable to the extent that when superior cooking comes into 
play, it is MUCH more noticable. At least neither Ayeka nor Ryoko are cooking. 
Maybe now that Washu is back the cooking could be handled by her. She does do 
some nice crepes. Well, I'm sorry, but I didn't get the chance to explain 
Kiyone's appearance, maybe next episode. Again, send all comments to 
Piemur1@lycos.com. Well, stay tuned for my next chapter: Sami-Ohki gets Human 
Again
