Disclaimer
---------------
Tenchi and all related content is owned by AIC and Pioneer (I think) and what I 
am doing with them is purely to make a story I wanted to write about what could 
happen in the Tenchi Universe. This is mostly based on the OAV version (simply 
because thats the only one I've ACTUALLY LIKED!) The concept of Sami-Ohki is a 
sort of blend of the names Sasami and Ryo-Ohki. This takes place a little while 
after episode 13 in the OAV series. This is my first fanfic series, so be easy 
on me if it sounds a little rusty, or the characters seem too out of character. 
(oh, and for all you MSTers, be glad, for this is NOT a LEMON!)

"No Need for Sami-Ohki"

Tenchi woke with a start. "Oh man, what a horrid dream..." he murmured.

"Hmm? What was it about? Do you want me to comfort you? I can do that very well, 
if you want." Ryoko's head said right over his shoulder. The rest of her body 
was somewhere on the other side of the wall.

"Waa! Ryoko!" Tenchi cried, "How many times do I have to tell you not to do 
that? It's really starting to get on my nerves! OUT! Now! I need to change."

With a little humph, Ryoko withdrew, only to come back again on the other side 
of the room where Tenchi couldn't see clearly, beneath some of his towels. After 
changing, Tenchi left the room to go downstairs to breakfast. There, Sasami was 
doing her little whirlwind of getting food prepared and cooked.

"Oh! Hi Tenchi! Sorry, but breakfast will be a little late today. I overslept," 
she said.

"That's alright, Sasami. I'm just going to get something quick today so I can 
get to the fields early. How's Ryo-Ohki doing on her lessons?" He poked his head 
out the kitchen to see her, in her toddler form, watching a children's speech 
tape and trying to repeat the words.

"Great, she's learned 12 new words today! She already said to me 'Hi Sami. How 
you do? I'm fine, thank you.'" she gave a little giggle. "She still can't say my 
name all the way. She keeps saying 'Sasasasa...' and getting stuck, so I told 
her that she could call me Sami for short." she gave a little pause and turned 
to him, "And don't let me hear you call me that, cause that's only for little 
Ryo-Ohki. No one else is allowed to call me that, you got it?" She brandished a 
hot pan in her hand and waved it a few inches from Tenchi's nose.

"All right, all right, I promise I will never call you that. OK?" Tenchi hastily 
said, his nose nearly getting a brush with it.

"OK...Anyway, all we have that you could make quickly is some oatmeal, but its 
the plain kind." She said with a hopeful smile on her face that gave the message 
that her breakfast would be a feast.

"That will be fine. And at least it's something I can make without burning down 
the house. However, Ryoko would. Hehe." He went to get it and quickly made a 
bowl for himself. As he sat down to eat, he heard Ryoko and Ayeka fighting over 
who got to sit beside him for breakfast. With them approaching fast, Tenchi 
scrambled with his hot bowl and made for a hiding place. He wasn't fast enough. 
They came into view just as he was getting to his feet when his foot caught on 
the pillow and almost lost his breakfast.

"Lord Tenchi! Are you alright?" Ayeka made a quick attempt to get to him before 
Ryoko when she, too, tripped on a pillow. Ryoko cackled and teleported beside 
Tenchi and picked him up.

"Here you go, Tenchi, and dont spill your breakfast. You weren't trying to get 
away from me, were you?" Quick shakes of the head confirmed her suspicions. "And 
I see you're having only oatmeal...why not Sasami's special?"

"Well...I...I...wanted to get to the carrot fields early this morning...today's 
harvest day for 2 of the fields." Right on cue, Ryo-Ohki popped on the scene.

"Miya? Cawwots! Har...harvest! Mya! Mya! Myaa!!" She gave a little tackle onto 
his legs and he nearly lost his bowl again. "Ryo-Ohki help?"

Tenchi knelt down beside her and soothed her before the torrent of tears could 
come, "Now now, you have your lessons to learn. I want you to be able to talk 
very well so we can have some good conversations, ok?"

"Miyaa! Lessons! Talk! Con...converr...ssa...shhuns! Good! Mya! Fun!" She leapt 
off him and ran back to the lounge and plopped herself back in front of the 
screen again.

"Hehehe, what a sweet kid...anyway, I've got to hurry or else I wont finish in 
time." He bolted down the oatmeal before the two ladies could get into another 
arguement over him and ran out the door. Discontent that Tenchi seemed in such a 
hurry to get away from them, they gave each other hostile glares until the rest 
of the Masaki household came. After breakfast, Ryoko went out to clean the 
leaves from the road and Ayeka went to do the laundry. Sasami went to help Ryo-
Ohki with her lessons and Washu went to her lab, muttering something about the 
"Masses" and factors. Kiyone and Mihoshi went out on patrol. In a couple hours, 
everything calmed down.

---------

It was getting near lunch time, and Sasami was just about to finish lunch when 
she realised that she needed to get everyone. She'd packed some for Tenchi 
earlier and let the rest cool for a few minutes. First, she needed to get Washu. 
Usually, she was the hardest to find in her lab. Especially when she had 
captured Tenchi and was doing her usual "experiments" on him trying to figure 
out his powers and his somewhat shaky control of them. Knocking first, Sasami 
entered. It was brightly lit, and no one was in sight. Walking for a while, she 
came across a large tank of water. Looking inside, she could see small rounded 
shapes swimming around inside. Identifying them to be "Masses", she remembered 
the time Ryo-Ohki bravely fought them and kept Tenchi safe. Thinking on that 
subject, Sasami wondered what it was like to be Ryo-Ohki. With those large 
floppy ears and soft, warm fur and  that cute little face. She started 
daydreaming and walked right into a portal that opened up onto a round floating 
platform over the tank. Still daydreaming, she looked around to see where she 
was at when she tripped over a floating cushion and fell over the edge of the 
platform.

"Whoa! Ahh!" <Splash!>

She came up sputtering and grabbed the edge of the tank. "Oh boy, good thing 
this isnt anything really dangerous like a giant man-eating monster or anything 
like that." Just then, she remembered what the masses had done to Ryoko when she 
suddenly appeared in front of them. It made a huge hundred-foot crater, taking 
out a huge swath of farmland with it.

"Oh no! I have to get out of here!" She started pulling herself up when a small 
weight suddenly pulled her down with considerable strength. She pulled herself 
up again and noticed a couple masses hanging on her skin. "Oh no!" she breathed 
and again struggled to get out of the tank. She could feel them digging into her 
skin and wondered what they were doing to her. With a great wrench, the Masses 
won and dragged her into the tank. Her last sensation was the masses covering 
her up and a great feeling of pain. Then all went black.

--------------------

Tenchi suddenly felt something was amiss. He looked up and around, shrugged and 
went back to work. He hoped nothing bad was happening back at the house.

---------


Washu came out of the Onsen toweling herself dry and getting in some clothes, 
"Ahh, what a nice bath. I really need to take more breaks from my research." 
Going back to her lab, she noticed the alarms going off again. "Oh no! Not the 
Masses again! Please not them again!" Running to the tank, she saw that it was 
still intact. She breathed a sigh of relief. Then she noticed that something 
inside that wasn't a mass. In fact, there didn't seem to be any masses inside. 
Quickly, she stepped into the portal to the upper platform and sat in front of 
her holo-computer. Doing a quick scan, she saw that the masses were indeed still 
inside, but weren't in their usual state. Looking over the edge, she saw some of 
Sasami's clothes. "OH NO! SASAMI!" She hit the emergency tank drain and went 
down to check up on what the mysterious shape was. Getting down there, she saw a 
little sky-blue cabbit. 

With a suspicion, she stepped beside it and peeled open the eyes. Sure enough, 
the eyes were a light pink. "Oh Sasami! What happened to you? Oh man, Ayeka's 
gonna kill me! Why did you come into the lab for anyway?" Checking the time, she 
saw that it was well past lunchtime. "Oh...well, maybe I should take more breaks 
from my research, but I should also check the time more often too..." 

Just then, Ayeka and Mihoshi came into the lab and called out.

"Miss Washu! Are you here? Have you seen Sasami lately? It's already past lunch 
and I havn't seen her anywhere!"

"Hold on a minute! I have some bad news about Sasami, I'm afraid." Phasing 
through the thick glass of the tank, she showed the little cabbit to them.

"Miss Washu, what happened to Ryo-Ohki? Why is she blue like that? What's the 
bad news?"

Quickly explaining what happened, Washu did her best to try to keep Ayeka calm. 
"Now, its not like it's going to be permanent or anything...I hope...But Sasami 
will be fine. She's just in a different body."

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THIS WASHU! WHERE IS HER OLD BODY? JUST WHAT IS GOING TO 
HAPPEN TO MY SASAMI?!?" Ayeka screamed, grabbing the genius by her shirt and 
jerking her around.

"Now calm down Princess! I'm thinking what could be powerful enough to seperate 
the masses from her without damaging her body. Unfortunatly, it seems she's 
assimilated with the masses so well just like Ryo-Ohki did that I dont see any 
way I could do that. I guess I could make another "Mass" body like Ryo-Ohki's 
and let her reassimilate with it...but that could take a while. I'm fresh out of 
masses."

Mihoshi raised her hand, "Uhh...Miss Washu, is Sasami going to be OK?"

"Of that, I am certain. Right now, I think the assimilation has taken quite a 
bit of her energy and she needs rest and quiet for now. When she wakes up, I 
will do some tests on her and see what I can do." Washu glanced meaningly at 
Sasami and looked at Ayeka. 

With a moan, Ayeka let her go and sank down to pick up the little blue cabbit. 
"My little sister...Sasami. I hope you will be fine." And she carried her out of 
the lab.

Mihoshi raised her hand again, "Err...What will happen to Tsunami? After all, 
Sasami IS Tsunami, right?"

"Oh Mihoshi. I dont even want to think about the complications of that now...All 
this is giving me a headache. Mihoshi, get out of the lab, before you break 
anything."

"Oh, you mean like this thing?" She held up some apparatus with several wires 
sticking out of it and was clicking and buzzing.

"OH NO! Alright, please leave and dont touch anything else. You can keep that. 
It's all busted up beyond repair already anyway. OUT!" Waving her out, Washu 
herded Mihoshi to the door and through it.

"Well, okay. Bye Miss Washu." And with a quick turn, she closed the door behind 
her.

"Sigh, well that takes care of that...now for our little problem..." and she got 
back to analyzing the data recorded on the masses while she was gone.

---------------

Sasami came to with a little funny buzzing in her head. Something was not right. 
She felt funny all over. She got up and fell forward on her face. She just 
couldn't walk properly. Everything was out of perspective. She looked around and 
saw that indeed, everything was huge. Disoriented, Sasami shook her head and 
tried to get a hold of things. Opening her eyes again, the world was still huge. 
Suddenly, her sister's face came from the skies and looked at her.

"Are you alright Sasami? How do you feel?" She boomed.

"Miya!" What? She tried to say "AHH!" but ended up sounding like Ryo-Ohki. Why 
was her sister so big? She tried to scramble away but tripped over her oversized 
feet. It was then that she noticed that it wasn't the world that was big, but 
that she was small. Looking herself over, she gave a great "MIIIYYYAAAA!!!" and 
leapt about a foot. She was trapped in Ryo-Ohki's body! Ok, this has to be a 
dream, she thought, and nipped her foot. "MIYA!" Ouch! That hurt! What was 
happening?

"Now calm down Sasami, its only temporary. You fell into the tank with the 
'Masses' and got turned into this, but Miss Washu will fix you up in a few 
minutes, I'm sure, dont worry." Ayeka picked her up and smoothed her fur by her 
ears.

At that time, Sasami remembered the tank and her falling into it. She then 
remembered that they were affected by a stronger will power and saw that her 
wish to be like Ryo-Ohki was fulfilled. Only, it wasn't THAT strong of a wish, 
was it? And the petting was feeling great. She rubbed her head into her sister's 
strokes. "Miyaaa..."

"Oh! You like that? There, there." Suddenly, she stopped petting and picked her 
up to eye level, "Oh Sasami! I hope you will be fine! We have to find a way to 
turn you back! It must be dreadful being in a tiny body like that, so hopeless 
and all."

With an indignant "Myaa!" Sasami struggled free from Ayeka's grip. "Mrraa! Mya 
mya Miiyaa!" With gestures, Sasami tried to indicate she wasn't helpless, even 
if she was less than half a foot tall. Turning tail, she hopped off towards the 
kitchen. Without thinking, she phased through the door and leapt up to a shelf. 
At that moment, she realized the enormity of what she could do. She couldn't 
pick up a pan by herself anymore. Even holding a pepper shaker was a large risk. 
In fact, what could she cook, now that she was so small? 

With a gasp, she hit on it. Ryo-Ohki! Jumping back off the table, she bolted 
back through the door and dashing by Ayeka who was trying to follow her. Running 
up to Ryo-Ohki, who was still watching the program on the television, she jumped 
up to her and started explaining as best she could. When Ryo-Ohki replied, she 
found she could understand the various "Miya's" and "Mrrow's" Ryo-Ohki often 
spoke. Although, she still tried speaking English.

"Mrra? Sami? Myaa! What happen to you?" After a while, Ryo-Ohki agreed to help 
as best she could. After all, it wasn't often that another cabbit came by. She 
thought for a bit. "Can I call you Sami-Ohki?" Sasami grinned and nodded. Ryo-
Ohki smiled back. Just then Ayeka came in the room and saw Ryo-Ohki holding 
Sasami in her palm.

Putting two and two together, Ayeka realized that Ryo-Ohki could help translate 
Sasami's cabbit speech into english. Maybe a little roughly, but better than 
understanding that kind of talk when Sasami tries to talk something complex. 
Ryo-Ohki usually didnt talk much, but rather worked by body language and facial 
expressions. Anyway, she also didnt have many demands on life other than 
carrots. However, those two could work well together. Ayeka nodded and turned to 
Ryo-Ohki, "Ryo-Ohki, since you can probably understand Sasami, could you 
translate what she says for me?"

Ryo-Ohki smiled and went, "Miya!"

"Good, Sasami, I'm sorry I overreacted...It's just not everyday my sister gets 
trapped in a different body, you know. So, how does it feel? You may have to 
stay in it for a little while, you know, until Washu finds a cure. I guess it 
will have to take a while."

With a few "Mya's", Sasami told Ryo-Ohki how she felt. Ryo-Ohki turned to Ayeka 
and said, "She likes a lot, but she says feels funny. Mrr...I dont feel funny." 
With that she frowned. Sasami rapidly apologized and clarified what she meant. 
"Oh, that kind of funny. Like funny walking on two feet. I understand! Mya!" she 
turned back to Ayeka, "She also says that it ok to stay like that for a while. 
Says she wanted to be like this for a while. Why Sami want be like me?"

Ayeka simply smiled a bit and patted her head, "I dont know, but that's for 
Sasami to know for herself. Well, I'd better be off for now, laundry needs to be 
hanged. You help Sasami when she needs it ok? She will be needing it a lot while 
she is currently unable to do things she used to do." With this, Ryo-Ohki 
beamed, knowing that she could be a big Helper now.

After she left, Sasami gave a little sigh, and asked Ryo-Ohki to help her in the 
kitchen. She also added that Ryo-Ohki could have a couple carrots as a treat if 
she did everything she was supposed to correctly. Going to the princesses' room, 
Ryo-Ohki turned herself into a teenager and changed into some fitting clothes. 
Then they returned to the kitchen and she tried her best to cook as Sasami 
ordered her to. Overall, the food ended up pretty good. It just didn't have the 
old Sasami quality. However, Sasami realized that with a little practice, Ryo-
Ohki could turn out to be a very cook, if she wanted to. And the little bribe of 
a few carrots was just the thing to get her to get good at it. Speaking of 
carrots, Sasami noticed that she too had a little hunger for a carrot. She 
hopped up to the basket and got a good look at the mound of carrots. With a 
wrench of self-control, she now knew how Ryo-Ohki felt around the little orange 
vegetables. Taking only one, she hopped off and ate it quickly, but visibly 
restrained herself from any more. Ryo-Ohki noticed that and felt that that was 
what it took to be a good girl. Self control. She saw that Sasami took only one 
when she knew she wanted to have them all.

After finishing the carrot, Sasami asked Ryo-Ohki to help set up the table. This 
was something she could do. Hopping from cupboard to table, she took a pair of 
chopsticks and laid it down where they were supposed to. While she did this, she 
taught Ryo-Ohki how to do it herself. Then Ryo-Ohki turn herself into a cabbit 
and they had a little game of who could set the most chopsticks in the least 
amount of time. Sasami didn't know when she had that much fun. Without noticing, 
she flew up and hovered above the table, taunting Ryo-Ohki to get the others for 
dinner as fast as possible. Ryo-Ohki looked up and clapped her little paws 
together. Sasami looked down, and noticed that she was floating. Now this was an 
interesting sensation. She wondered what else she could do now that she was 
assimilated with the Masses. Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki were both made from them, and 
had incredible powers. They could phase through walls, fly, and shoot powerful 
bolts of energy. Well, at least when Ryo-Ohki was in her ship form. At that 
thought, Sasami wondered if she too could turn into a ship. She was already part 
of the ship Tsunami, so she kind of knew what to expect. But now, they need to 
get the others in for dinner or else it will get all cold. She asked Ryo-Ohki to 
go get Tenchi, Mihoshi, her partner, and Tenchi's father and grandfather. She 
would get Washu and Ryoko and Ayeka. Ryo-Ohki "Miya'd" an affirmitive and hopped 
off to get them. Sasami hopped off the table and tested going through the door. 
It felt a little like a breeze going through her body, but was actually quite 
easy. She phased through the door to Washu's lab and found the self-proclaimed 
"Greatest Scientist in the Universe" pondering over her problem. She got her 
attention and mimed eating to get her idea across, giving a couple of "Miya's" 
in the process.

"Oh, you're awake, dinner-time? Thanks! Oh, Ryo-Ohki helped, did she? Thats so 
sweet of her." More gestures. "Ah, she went to get the others? Ok, so we need to 
get my daughter and Ayeka and we'll be off, right? Ok." So they went up to the 
rafters to get Ryoko. "So how's your new body doing? You don't mind me doing 
some tests on you, do you? I will also need to ask quite a few questions. I'll 
try to make them simple yes or no ones. Okay?" Sasami nodded. "Yes, and the only 
way I can think of getting you into a human shape is to go the same path Ryo-
Ohki did...make a Mass form for you to assimilate. However, it is a very 
dangerous task and also, I dont have anymore. I will be gone for a few months to 
pick some of them up. Don't worry about that though. I'll be careful not to 
disturb them. They usually are calm if there is a calm influence around, and 
nothing threatens them. It's a very good thing they didn't decide to blast you." 
Sasami shuddered a little at the thought. At that point, they reached Ryoko, 
sleeping as usual. A couple of magazines littered what was left on the available 
space. 

Waking her up with a paw, Sasami was unprepared for the sharp yelp and suddenly, 
she was lifted up high under Washu's nose. "Washu! What's the meaning of this? 
Why did you dye Ryo-Ohki blue for? Some prank? Some silly experiment? I should 
blast you to bits for that!" And then a red light sword appeared in her hand and 
pointed right at Washu's throat.

"Now, now, calm down, Ryoko. Thats not Ryo-Ohki." The sword lowered as Ryoko 
studied Sasami closely, "You can probably sense her near the carrot patches with 
Tenchi."

"Then WHO is this?"

"Sasami."

"WHAT? Sasami? I dont believe that. What are you trying to pull? "

Washu sighed and went through the story of what happened. She might as well make 
a recording of it and play it to the rest when they come in. Ryoko remained 
skeptical until she contacted Ryo-Ohki and heard the same story off of her. Then 
she was bewildered. "So...why like Ryo-Ohki?"

"I dont know, and I'm going to find out, sooner or later."

"Hmm...oh, does this mean, she will have the same powers as me and Ryo-Ohki? In 
relation to coming from the Masses I mean."

"Yep, she already learned to phase through walls." At that moment, Sasami 
decided to show her skill in flying as well. "And she can fly too. It may also 
be possible that she can turn into a ship just like Ryo-Ohki can. Think about 
how strange that is. Sasami, the Jurian Princess who is assimilated with the 
mind of the most powerful ship in the Jurai Empire, who is also now a small blue 
furry creature, who can phase through walls, fly, AND turn into two very 
powerful ships." Sasami gave an indignant "Meow" and fluffed off to get Ayeka, 
phasing straight down through the rafters and flying through the glass door. 
"Well, she certainly learns fast. You have to give her that."

-------------

Later that night, when everyone heard the story, Tenchi was the most shocked of 
them all. He couldn't believe that Sasami didn't pay attention while in Washu's 
lab and could have gotten herself killed. What if that portal had opened up 
elsewhere? Ayeka had already accepted the fact that Sasami's current state was 
only temporary, and could deal with it. Kiyone, too was surprised that a 
Princess of Jurai had been turned into a little cabbit. Mihoshi thought she was 
simply adorable. Katsuhito took it like he did with everything sudden and 
unexplainable...very calmly. So calmly it was as if he had expected it. He just 
sat there and sipped his tea. Washu explained her future absence and returned to 
her lab to find a ship in subspace she could borrow for a while. Ryo-Ohki wanted 
to be her transportation, but was told she needed to help Sasami with the dishes 
and cooking and everything.

After dinner was over, Sasami asked Ryo-Ohki to give out one last announcement. 
"Mya, she say that it okay if everyone calls her Sami-Ohki from now on. <giggle> 
Name like me. Miya!" Then turned to help Sami-Ohki to return the dishes to the 
kitchen. A second later, after they were gone, everyone was talking at once and 
getting each other's converstion mixed up.

"Sami-Ohki? Heh, she's probably just adjusting."

"Oh I do hope Washu can fix her soon."

"Did you know, she may even be able to turn into a ship like Ryo-Ohki. Did you 
see that? She went right through the door. I even saw her fly."

"I can't believe this! That food was made by Ryo-Ohki? Wow! Sasami must be a 
great teacher!"

A few minutes of this, and conversation died down and everyone split up to go to 
bed. This time, Sami-Ohki slept on Ryo-Ohki in toddler form instead of the other 
way around. It was comfortable however, she thought before going to dream about 
carrot-land.

------------

The next morning, the door to Washu's lab was gone and they knew she was gone. 
Tenchi gave a little sigh of relief that for now, Washu wont be trying to get 
her "sample" from him. And every time, Mishoshi turns up to embarrass him 
further. The carrot picking was almost all finished, and it was simply time to 
till the ground for next season. Sami-Ohki taught Ryo-Ohki how to cook breakfast 
quickly and efficiently and again helped set up the table. What amazed her, 
though, was that Ryo-Ohki took only one carrot for her treat. Sami-Ohki then 
gave her permission to get another two for being so polite. Ryo-Ohki was happy 
and took her designated carrots, and put them in her pocket for later. That 
really stumped Sami-Ohki. Maybe being a good cabbit was what it took for an 
example.

After breakfast, the two cabbits went outside to play. They played Hide-and-go-
Seek and some other little games that was all the more challenging because of 
their small size. However, Sami-Ohki had a harder time hiding because of her 
bright blue fur. Then she got the idea to roll in some mud. In the back of her 
mind, she knew Ayeka would be mad at her, but she would get washed up before 
they went back home. After that, the games really got fun. They could play this 
for hours...that is, until Ayeka happened to walk by and saw the mess Sami-Ohki 
was in.

"Sami-Ohki, you know better than that, you shouldn't get yourself all dirty like 
that. Now come with me to the baths with me and get yourself all washed up. Come 
now."

A dejected Ryo-Ohki watched from a small hole in a tree which was her new hiding 
spot. Sami would have never found her there. Oh well, she might as well follow 
and take a little bath as well. They both had gotten a little dirty while 
chasing each other around.

-------------

Author's notes:
------------
Thanks for reading the first installment of my first fanfic. It IS my first 
attempt at writing something like this down, and I don't have that much 
experience in the matter. My next episode should be up soon. I got the idea of 
having Sasami turn into a cabbit when i wondered exactly HOW many different 
kinds of Ohki's there were and what they might look like if they turned into 
human shapes. Then I got the idea of a light blue cabbit, same color as Sasami's 
hair. Then add the fact that Sasami is my favorite character, and presto! You 
see what I came up with. It didn't go exactly as it did in my mind, but, oh 
well...things almost never do, right? You can email me comments to 
Piemur1@lycos.com. Please don't hate mail me, but I will listen to complaints, 
as long as they are reasonable. Any other comments will go well, too. Oh, my 
next episode will explain Kiyone's presence even though she isn't in the OAV 
series. And now, prepare for the next chapter: Sami-Ohki's First Space Flight
