Subject: Part 8 (Remember part title inside)
Date: Fri, 06 Oct 2000 01:32:06 GMT
From: "Zach Vrchota" <superknight2000@hotmail.com>
To: gensao@tmffa.com

Author's Name: Heero_YuyZ
E-mail Address: Superknight2000@hotmail.com

Synopsis: Well it has a bit of stuff before Ryoko was with Kagato..
Um...They all go to Jurai...  I know I have some data wrong...

Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 8: Battle Ground - Jurai

        Chapter 8 - Battle Ground: Jurai

        -Mihoshi-

        I immediately jumped up and ran over to the phone quickly dialing
Tenchi’s number.  "Hi Ayeka." I said when she picked up, "Get in Ryo-Ohki,
meet us near the moon, someone’s attacking Jurai."  I hung up and ran to get
my police suit on.

        20 Minutes Later

        "Hi guys…" I stated through the monitor, "A group of space pirates
named Blood Slice is attacking Jurai.  From what we know they’re trying to
gain the power of Tsunami and the trees.  And if they wipe out Jurai, only
the Galaxy Police will be able to stop them, and I don’t think we have that
much of a chance."  Ryoko nodded and the screen went blank.  "Mi-hoshi…"
Kiyone said slowly, "They’ve…taken out headquarters…"  NO!  "Sally, Andréa,
Commander Zemsecky?" I cried.

        ~FLASHBACK~

        "Welcome to the Galaxy Police, I’m Sally, nice to meet you." Sally
said.  "I’m Mihoshi." I stated shaking her hand.  "I’m to show you how
everything goes around here." Sally grinned, "I’ll show you the mess hall
first since it’s lunch time."  I smiled.  I was lucky not to get a jerk for
a introducer.  I looked around to see a burly looking man walking towards
me.  "Hi, I’m Commander Zemsecky, nice to meet you, you must be new around
her…" he said shaking my hand.  "Yes, I just got here and Lieutenant Sally
is showing me around." I stated, "I’m Mihoshi Tensika."  "No way!" the
commander said, "That means you must be the grand daughter of Marshall
Tensika!"  "Yeah." I stated.  "Well I better be going!" he said as he walked
away.  "I thought Mihoshi sounded familiar, I just heard about Marshall
Tensika finding you…You’re his lost grand daughter, very interesting." Sally
grinned walking up and handing me a tray of food.  We sat down at the table
and started eating.  "I don’t know if I can make it here, I just don’t think
I have the skills." I admitted.  "Don’t worry, I’m sure you’ll do fine."
Sally said as she placed a hand on my shoulder.

        ~END FLASHBACK~

        "NO DAMMIT!" I screamed slamming my fist against the arm rest,
"Wait, what about Grandpa?"  I looked up at her.  She lowered her head and
shook it.  I quickly typed something up on the control panel.  "We’re gonna
kill those sons of bitches!" I yelled putting us into full speed with
Ryo-Ohki and Ken-Ohki following us close behind.

        -Tenchi-

        "I can’t believe that these space pirates were able to destroy
Galaxy Police headquarters." I stated sitting down next to Sasami.  Ryoko,
Grandpa, and Ayeka had taken Ryo-Ohki while Washu, Sasami, and I took
Ken-Ohki.  Twice the firepower.  We’d need it.  "I know…" Sasami said wiping
a tear from her eye, "God I hope my mom and dad are okay."  "Washu’s how the
knew gun coming along?" I asked looking in her direction.  "Almost done, I
still have to insert the power-cell but as soon as that’s done I’ll
transport it to Kiyone and Mihoshi." Washu said as she grabbed the welder.

        -Ryoko-

        "So what are you so uptight about?" Ayeka asked me.  "I’m not
uptight." I lied.  "Don’t try to hide it." Ayeka said, "I know you…"  "Blood
Slice was my old gang…I left but if they ever find me they’ll kill me, if
you join you stay there forever, or die.  So far I’m the only one able to
stay alive this long." I stated going back to the control panel and typing a
few things in.  "Ryo-Ohki display systems status." I said.  It appeared on
the screen.  I kept on typing checking on her systems.  This was going to be
one hell of a battle.  Who’d have guessed that I’d be fighting along side
Jurai’s forces.  Suddenly Ryo-Ohki started giving out a beeping sound.
"Kiyone…Tenchi, we’ve got 20 Blood Slice battle ships coming towards us,
prepare for battle!" I yelled through the monitor, "Ayeka, you steer, dodge
the attacks!"  I ran towards the back of the ship and jumped down an opening
to the manual firing range.  Ryo-Ohki isn’t accurate enough so I’d have to
do it myself.  I put the scope on and started firing at the oncoming ships.
They weren’t prepared yet.  I saw that Ken-Ohki was firing along with
Kiyone’s ship.  We had an advantage.  Not a big one, but it was large
enough.  I fired hitting the energy core of one the ships.  It instantly
exploded knocking out the two beside it.  "YAHOOO!" I screamed.  I turned on
machine gun mode and started firing rapid shots at the oncoming ships.  "We
have 10 more to our left, 10 more to our right!" Ayeka yelled.  I nodded
turning my gun to the left.  "Missiles, 1, 2, 3 away!" I cried.  The first
one knocked out 2.  The second one knocked out 3.  And the third one knocked
out 1.  I started firing the gun.  What the hell?  I caught something out of
the corner of my eye.  A battleship?  They’re bringing a battleship in?
"EVERYONE, DIRECT YOUR FIRE TO THE BIG SHIP IN THE MIDDLE!" I yelled,
"Missiles, 4, 5, 6, away!"  I started twirling the gun around firing at
everything including the battleship.

        -Tenchi-

        "Missiles, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6, away!" I yelled.  "Washu, have you
loaded the big gun?" I heard Sasami yell.  "YUP!" Washu yelled back.  I
looked at the gun.  "That’s one big gun…" I murmured quietly.  I mean, it
was huge!  Sasami pressed the button and a brilliant flash of light was
released from it.  When the light was gone, all the small ships were gone,
and the battleship was in half.  "Whoa…" Ryoko said through the monitor,
"Cool…"  "I see Jurai!" I said, "Whoa…It’s…beautiful…"  I stood up from the
weapons seat and walked towards the bridge.  "Welcome home Tenchi…" Sasami
said as I put my arm around her.

        We landed.  Ken-Ohki then de transformed.  In less then a second we
were surrounded.  "Is this the welcoming committee?" I yelled running at
them with my sword.  I didn’t want to kill these guys so I just broke their
weapons with my sword.  "C’mon lets go!" I said to the others.  "Right!"
they all said in unison.  Mihoshi ran in front of me with the gun that Washu
made for her.  Everyone she saw that wasn’t Juraian or visiting, she fired
at.  It was easy to tell if you were in Blood Slice…Your uniform is dark red
and a black stripe across the chest.  The gun disintegrated anyone who it
was fired at.  We ran along the path that lead to the palace.  The path was
assorted with scattered body parts, dead Juraians, and dead Blood Slice
members.

        -Sasami-

        I stopped dead in my tracks at the feet of a body.  I dropped to my
knees staring at it.  "Oh my god…" I stated, "Maria…"  "But she’s so young,
she’s only around 3, why’d they kill her?" Ayeka asked.  "They kill anyone
and everyone." Ryoko said clenching her fist, "I had to stand back and watch
them slaughter innocent people, little kids…That’s why I left…"  I looked at
her.  "Lets get going." I stated simply.

        When we got to the palace we found it in ruins.  "I guess we got
here…too late…" Tenchi said quietly.  As I stared at the palace ruins I saw
a familiar figure walking out of the rubble.  "MOM!" I screamed running
towards her.  Her head snapped up as she ran towards me and we hugged.  "How
did this happen, is Dad okay, is everyone okay?" I said shooting off
questions at her.  "Yeah, luckily everyone was able to escape…" she said
slowly, "But the leader of Blood Slice, Montayva Gordiof took off with the
center tree… He’s heading towards the nearest planet that’s
inhabitable…Earth."  Ken-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki jumped up in the air and
transformed into spaceships.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were already in their ship
waiting.

        "Ken-Ohki follow Montayva!" I ordered.  Ken-Ohki meowed and started
tracking Montayva.

        -Tenchi-

        I hopped back down to the gun and got a lock on Montayva’s ship.
"Rocket 1 away!" I said punching the button.  The rocket flew and hit
Montayva’s right engine sending him spinning through Earth’s atmosphere.
"I’m going in after him!" Sasami yelled.  I felt a jolt as we careened
towards Montayva’s falling ship.  "He’s pulling away!" I called to her.
"THRUSTERS WILL DO IT!" she yelled.  "But the thrusters will explode at this
speed!" Washu declared.  "Screw it!" I said hopping up and running to where
Sasami was.  She slammed down the button and then…FWOOOOOOOSH!  I was blown
back into the wall along with Sasami and Washu.  "Man talk about G’s…" I
stated holding my head in pain.  Suddenly there was a loud boom as we
crashed next to Montayva’s spaceship.  Everything went black…

        Stay Tuned For Part 9 - Showdown With Montayva