Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 8.1: Ryoko’s Past

        A/N: The Ryo-Ohki in the flashback is the ORIGINAL Ryo-Ohki.

        Chapter 8.1 - Ryoko’s Past

        -Ryoko-

        "So what are you so uptight about?" Ayeka asked me.  "I’m not
uptight." I
lied.  "Don’t try to hide it." Ayeka said, "I know you…"  "Blood Slice was
my old gang…I left but if they ever find me they’ll kill me, if you join you
stay there forever, or die.  So far I’m the only one able to stay alive this
long." I stated going back to the control panel and typing a few things in.

        ~FLASHBACK~

        "So you’re the famous space pirate Ryoko…" Montayva said glancing me
over,
"I’ll make you Captain immediately, I mean, you’re one of the strongest
space pirates in history…"  I nodded putting my hand up to salute.  I walked
out to the training grounds where some of my friends were.  They had gotten
me to join Blood Slice.  "Hey Ryoko!" Conrad yelled waving.  "Hey Conrad…I
didn’t know YOU joined…" I stated walking over to him, "Last I heard was
that you were being held in up in Galaxy Police Prison Quadrant 484."  I
grinned.  "Yeah well, I’m on parole…But I killed my parole officer…" he
laughed.  "DOWN!" I yelled tackling him.  A beam of energy flew over our
heads.  "SORRY!" Johnny yelled, "MY BAD!"  "He still has a bad aim after all
these years…" I chortled.  "Wanna race?" Conrad inquired.

        "You’re on!"

        We got into a position as one of the trainers fired off a gun.  I
put my
all into it running as fast as I could.  I crossed the finish line and spun
around to see Conrad just finishing.  "Still…" Conrad began heavily
breathing, "Real Fast…"

        That Night

        I went to my quarters and tried my best to get to sleep.  I tossed
and
turned.  I still couldn’t forget about what had happened…  I mean, that
Kagato guy took my mother and said he’d be back for me…  The thought of what
he was doing with her sent a shiver down my spine.  BOOM!  I jumped up and
ran outside to see Montayva and some other high officials of Blood Slice
shooting at targets.  I walked over.  "Hey Ryoko!" Montayva said waving,
"Care to join, we’re going to use moving targets now."  I nodded my head
eager to train.  A small gate to the left opened and outran 20 Juraian
children.  ‘These are moving targets?’ I asked myself getting queasy at the
thought of killing children.  Montayva powered a ball of energy and fired at
one of the children.  "NO!" I screamed.  I flew out and knocked the ball to
the side.  "You sick bastards…" I stated.  "Looks like we have another
target gentlemen." Security Chief Annaro laughed.  The each powered up
energy balls and fired.  I knocked each of them back at them protecting the
children.  "RYO-OHKI!" I yelled.  She ran out and transformed.  A small
tractor beam came out and each of the children were brought into the ship.
I flew up jumping in there as I saw Montayva speaking into a watch.  A
communicator.  I glanced at the screen to see 10 Blood Slice ships powering
up about to take off.  "Ryo-Ohki, top speed, leave now!" I yelled.  "MEOW!"
It replied as its engines flared up.  The ships followed close behind.
"Ryo-Ohki, evasive maneuvers, dodge the shots fired!" I cried jumping down
to the lower deck.  I ran over to the manual targeting system and started
firing.  "Missiles 1, 2, 3 away!" I yelled.  The first missile hit one of
the ones in the middle which careened to the right knocking out two more
ships.  The second missile knocked out the closest ship.  The third missile
knocked out the farthest away ship.  "Machine gun mode!" I yelled.  I
started firing rapid shots knocking out the rest of the ships.  I walked up
to the bridge when one of the kids walked up to me.  "I’m hungry…" she
whined.  What had Montayva done to these kids, starved them to death?  I
walked over to the food storage in Ryo-Ohki and handed some food out to the
kids.  "I’m gonna get you home okay?" I said trying to comfort them.

        Days Later

        I came upon a Juraian freighter ship.  It was large enough.  "This
is
Ryoko…please come in…" I said.  The screen flashed a picture of a Juraian
official appeared.  "I have 20 Juraian children that were kidnapped by Blood
Slice…" I stated, "Please stop so I can let them board."  The official
looked skeptical at me but agreed.  Docking onto the ship, I opened the
hatched where 5 military officers were waiting.  The children ran into the
ship.  One of the officers came to me.  "Why’d you do that Ryoko?" he asked.
  "I’m not evil…" I stated.

        ~END FLASHBACK~

        I sighed as I went to the control panel.  I’d be helping Jurai…once
again.

        Stay Tuned For Chapter 9 - Showdown with Montayva