Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 6: Kiyone and Ryoko’s Mourning

         Chapter 6 - Kiyone and Ryoko’s Mourning

         -Ryoko-

         "You can come in now…" the doctor said to Kiyone and I.  We nodded
as we walked into the room Mihoshi and Ayeka were in.  I stood back worried
as I saw Ayeka.  She looked so frail and weak lying there on the bed,
bandaged.  "Oh god Ayeka, why did you have to go and try to rescue me?" I
asked.  I kissed her on the forehead and slowly ran my fingers through her
hair.  She had just gone through surgery since the blast had hit her lower
intestine ripping it up a bit. Her eyes lightly fluttered and then slowly
opened.  "Hi…Ryoko." she said weakly.  "Hey." I said.  "So what’s my
condition?" Ayeka asked lightly.  "Well, the doctor was able to stop the
internal bleeding, you’ll be here for about a week or two.  The scar will
eventually go away.  You’ll be okay." I said leaning over and kissing her
again.

         -Kiyone-

         "You know Mihoshi, I never thought you as much of a partner." I
said truthfully, "But you sure are one tough cookie, being able to survive
all of this.  No matter how angry I get at you, or how loud I yell, you’ll
always be my best friend."  She was in a coma.  I looked over at her heart
rate. "Beep…Beep…Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee…" the machine rang.  The doctor
ran in along with a nurse.  "200." the doctor said, "CLEAR!"  He shocked
Mihoshi.  "300!" he said, "CLEAR!"  "Beeeeeeeeeep…Beep…Beep…Beep." the
machine started again.  "Don’t you ever do that to me again!" I cried at
Mihoshi, "Okay…I might not be able to tell you this…It’s kind of hard to
say…But…I…like you more…I…I love you dammit." I said letting my feelings
out.  Slowly her eyes opened.  "Ki…yone?" Mihoshi asked.  "You’re awake!" I
yelled holding myself back from throwing my arms around her.  If I did she’d
just be in more pain.  "Kiyone…" Mihoshi began, "If you’re in a coma you can
still hear the other person talking to you subconsciously.  Meaning I heard
you.  And…I love you too."  I nearly fell off my chair.  After all the times
I yelled at her, strangled her, nearly brought her to tears, she still felt
feelings for me other than hatred?  I threw my arms around her still being
careful not to hurt her, and squeezed tight.  "I’m glad you’re okay." I said
as she slowly brought her hand up to wipe away my tears.  "So, what kinda
condition am I in?" Mihoshi asked.  "Well, the sword she used cut up your
inside luckily we got you to the doctor before anything too serious happened
to you.  Anyway, the patched you up, you also had a nasty bonk on the head
which gave you a skull fracture…You’ll be okay though, you’ll just have to
stay here for a week or four." I said smiling putting her condition lightly.
  It was a bit more serious than that, but it could wait till she was
somewhat better.

         -Ayeka-

         "Jump you moron DK!" I yelled.  "Calm down, it’s just a video
game!" Ryoko said.  She was sitting next to me watching me play.  "Just a
game?" I cried, "50 more golden bananas and then I get to fight K.Rool!"
"Here, play a less strenuous game." Ryoko said handing me a Gameboy, "It’s
called Pokémon, it’s a real fad around here."  I grabbed the game and went
through the intro screen play of it.

         Hours Later

         "I want to go outside and play volleyball with Sasami, Tenchi,
Grandpa, and Nobuyuki." I moaned.  "You can’t!" Ryoko sighed, "You’ll tear
your wound open again.  Remember, nothing strenuous for at least 3 months."
I moaned.  "Aw…Why don’t we play some slaughtering on Jet Force Gemini."
Ryoko said trying to cheer me up.  "Sure!" I said sitting up instantly and
grabbing the controller.

         An Hour Later

         "Thanks for a great day Ryoko, these 3 months won’t be boring with
you around." I said.  "No problem, what’s a friend for." Ryoko said kissing
me on the forehead, "Now get some rest, you need it."  I nodded as she
walked out of my room and turned the light off.

         -Ryoko-

         I walked out into the living room and plopped myself down on the
couch.  Sasami was there.  "God I hope Kigato was the last of them." I
sighed, "I want it quiet around here for a little while."  "I know…" Sasami
said, "We’re just getting out by a hair lately."  "But girls, that’s just a
fantasy, you know with the rulers-to-be of Jurai, a galaxy famous space
pirate, the greatest genius in the universe, and two galaxy police in this
house, I don’t think it’s gonna happen." Tenchi said, "Though I like the
idea of a normal life."  "I know what you mean." Washu said from the
ceiling.  "What are you doing up there?" I asked moaning at her antics.
"Testing my anti-gravity boots." Washu said.

         Stay tuned for Part 7 - Mihoshi’s Past
