Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 3: Preparing For The Prom

         -Sasami-

         It’d been a year since anything had happened.  I now looked exactly
like Tsunami.  Anyway, Tenchi and I were going to the prom.  Though the
other girls were having a bit of trouble finding people to go out with.

         -Ayeka-

         Since Sasami had stolen Tenchi away from me I’d had trouble finding
a boyfriend.  Tenchi suggested we go to his school to get acquainted with
things on Earth.  He had a prom coming up.  I looked silently at Tenchi
getting in his tux.  I know my father doesn’t want me to marry him.  Even if
I had the choice, he loves Sasami.  I sighed and looked to Ryoko who was
sitting next to me.  She looked so beautiful in the dress she was going to
wear to the prom.  She didn’t have anyone to go with either.  I had a weird
butterfly feeling in my stomach.  I shook it off.  A: I’m a girl also.  B:
Ryoko killed millions of my people.  C: She hates me…  No way could I be in
love with her.  She turned to me and I quickly turned back to the TV.

         -Ryoko-

         I turned to Ayeka’s staring eyes and she quickly turned to the TV.
Could she suspect it?  That my act for loving Tenchi was fake?  That I truly
didn’t hate her, I loved her deeply.  No it was impossible.  Not with what
I’ve done.  But why would she feel the same about me?  She has some
pip-squeak back on Jurai.  I love her dammit.  And yet I can’t express it.
Washu who was going to the prom with an experimental clone of Tenchi except
for a few different features walked out to us.  She sat down next to me.
"You know Ryoko, I am directly linked to you meaning I can read your
thoughts." Washu said staring at me.  She knew.  She knew that I was in love
with Ayeka.  "I can find out you know." Washu said handing me a device,
"Read her mind, only the romance part though, I don’t want any mischief, got
it?"  I nodded as I pointed it at Ayeka.  I read out the readings from it.
‘Boy, Ryoko looks so beautiful in that dress.  I guess she doesn’t have
anyone to go with either.  What’s this weird butterfly feeling in my
stomach?  No way I can love her, can I?’ I read to myself off of the screen.
  I handed it back to Washu who was grinning.  ‘Might as well go for it…’ I
thought to myself as I turned to Ayeka.  "Ayeka…Will…Um…You go to the prom
with me?" I asked quietly.  She looked at me.  It clicked in her mind in
under a second.  "I love you." I said even quieter.  "I love you too." she
said as she hugged me.

         -Tenchi-

         I was watching this whole scene between Ayeka and Ryoko with Sasami
from in the kitchen where Sasami was straightening my bow-tie.  Washu was
next to them.  To think, if I hadn’t told them to get used to our culture by
going to school, none of this would have happened.  Hehe, Washu was famous,
she was a ‘child’ genius.  She looks 12 but she’s already over 20,000.
She’d already passed college and grad school.  And she also made a clone of
me.  I’m so flattered.  By the way, I’m being sarcastic.  I looked over at
Sasami.  She looked so beautiful in her blue dress.  I kissed her on the
forehead and hugged her.  Life’s been so wonderful since I pulled that sword
from the shrine and accidentally cut the stone.  If I hadn’t I’d never met
Sasami, Ryoko and Ayeka wouldn’t be together, Washu would still be with
Kagato, and Mihoshi wouldn’t be here.  I looked at the clock.  "It’s time to
go people, lets go!" I said as we walked out to my new car.  I saved the
money so I *finally* bought the Corvette I wanted.

         Stay Tuned For Part 4: Prom Night