Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 1: First Kiss

        -Sasami-

        Tenchi was running on his daily workout when he knocked into me.  He
jumped
up immediately and apologized.  He then noticed it was me and helped me up.
"Sorry about that." he said, "I guess I didn’t pay attention to where I was
going.  What are you doing up so early?"  "It’s not a problem." I said
smiling and brushing myself off, "I’m just going to the shed to get a few
carrots and vegetables for breakfast, and a little extra for Ryo-Ohki."  We
stared at each other for a while.  It was sorta an awkward moment. Even
though he was a bit older than me, I didn’t mind.  I loved him.  If Ayeka,
Washu, Mihoshi and Ryoko found out I’d be yelled at pretty bad.  He broke
the silence between us.  "I…Have to go…I’ll get the vegetables for you if
you want." he offered.  "That would be wonderful." I said.

        Later That Night

        Someone entered my room and laid beside me.  I turned to the person
knowing
who it was.  He cupped my chin in his hands and our lips met.  I loved this
man.  "I love you." I said as I wrapped my arms around his neck.  "I love
you too." the man said.  I nuzzled his shoulder with my face and slowly fell
asleep to the sound of his rhythmic breathing.

        The Next Morning

        "Sasami, it’s time to wake…" Ayeka began.  She didn’t finish.
"What’s
wrong?" Ryoko asked floating in.  I was in Tenchi’s arms.  He was still
asleep though I wasn’t.  "WAAAUGGGH!" Ryoko screamed.  "Wha, what’s going
on?" Tenchi yelled waking up.  Ryo-Ohki jumped up onto my head defending me
in Cabbit language.  "Ha, someone sticks up for me!" I said.  "I think it’s
wonderful that they’re in love." Washu and Mihoshi said at the same time.
"You didn’t…Did you?" Ayeka asked quietly.  "NO WAY!" Tenchi yelled jumping
up, "She’s only 13!!  And I’m only 16!"  "Get your sad sad minds out of the
gutter!" I yelled.  "Just a thought." Ayeka admitted hugging and sobbing
along with Ryoko.  "Meow." Ryo-Ohki said.  I nodded to her.  I finally
understood Cabbit language.  I thought of something.  Hey…Where did Mihoshi
go.  "He has a fine ass, don’t you agree…Though he has a girlfriend."
Mihoshi sighed.  They were behind a window with binoculars.  "Hehehe,
Ryo-Ohki, Sick ‘em!" I said pointing at the window.  Seconds later there
were screams and Meows from the window.

        Later On

        We were sitting on the couch watching TV  "I never wanna let you
go…Tenchi." I said hugging him.  Suddenly there was a boom from outside.
The entire forest was on fire!!

        Stay tuned for Part 2: Kagato’s Return