Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 9: Showdown With Montayva

        Chapter 9 - Showdown With Montayva

        -Tenchi-

        When I awoke everything was spinning.  Ken-Ohki lay on the ground
next to
me breathing faintly.  That crash had to hurt like hell.  I stood up and
looked around.  Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Grandpa were tending to Sasami
and Washu who had been injured.  I turned to Montayva’s spaceship and slowly
started walking towards it.  I twisted the ring on my finger and
transformed.  Grabbing my sword I slashed the door to Montayva’s ship open.
He was standing there waiting for me, I think…  He jumped up sword in hand
running at me.  I easily side step and ran straight out the door.  I slowly
walked out.  "You’re the reason Jurai was left in ruins…" I stated.  "Yes…"
Montayva said, "I’ve heard of you Tenchi, you’re the boy that can create the
Light Hawk Wings…You know we’d be a great team, no one could beat us!"  "I
think I’ll pass!" I yelled running at him slashing at him.  He blocked with
his sword, pulled away then jabbed at me with it.  I jumped back and slashed
down his sword, then brought it back up and slashed at his head.  He held
his ear in pain.  "You bastard…" he yelled.  He slashed at me continuously.
I easily dodged or blocked them.  Montayva jabbed his sword at me and I
blocked.  He then grabbed a knife and rammed it into my shoulder.  I slashed
at him leaving faint red marks on his chest.  He kicked me in the chest
slamming me to the ground and knocking the sword out of my hand.  "It’s your
time to die!" He screamed running the sword down at me.

        -Mihoshi-

        "It’s your time to die!" I heard Montayva screamed.  I looked at him
holding the sword above Tenchi then slamming it down at him.  "NO, YOUR
TURN!" I yelled throwing the gun to Tenchi.  Tenchi picked it up firing at
Montayva in the face.  Montayva fell to the ground dropping his sword.
"YES!" I cried, "We did it!"  Meanwhile during all of this Ayeka had already
loaded the Center Tree into me and Kiyone’s ship.

        A Month Later

        We had brought back the tree to Jurai, but I still had an uneasy
feeling.
"Did we take out all of blood slice?" I asked Kiyone.  She shook her head.
"No, Jason Kentaya, who is second in command of Blood Slice is still alive,
and he’s recruiting members." she stated.  No wonder I had this uneasy
feeling.  They’d probably be on a route of vengeance for their martyred
leader.

        A Week Later

        "You know Mihoshi, I really hope this works, me and you are the last
of the
Galaxy Police so we are responsible for starting it back up." Kiyone stated.
  I nodded then looked at my watch which was beeping.  "Blood Slice is
causing trouble on Acurima, they’ve joined up with the gang Thunder
Bolt…Call Tenchi and the others." I said getting my coat.  I have a busy
life!

        Stay Tune For Part 10 - Acurima: Thunder Slice!