Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 10: Acurima: Thunder Slice

        Chapter 10 -  Acurima: Thunder Slice

        -Mihoshi-

        We were in Acurima’s atmosphere.  No problems in space, luckily.
Suddenly a bright flash shot towards us hitting our engine.  "DAMN!" I
yelled, "Prepare for crash landing!"  Everyone was on our ship, we decide0d
it wasn’t worth taking 3 ships, anyways Ken-Ohki and Ryo-Ohki were still
tired.  I braced myself against the front.  I felt us crash against the
ground and I flew forward.

        -Kiyone-

        I braced myself as we hit, then glanced to the left where Mihoshi
was.  I saw her fly forwards smashing the glass and flying outwards into the
grassy meadow which we had landed in.  "MIHOSHI!" I screamed.  I immediately
jumped up and kicked the glass away running towards where she was.  Glass
shards were stabbed into her body and blood was running down her face.  I
picked her up in my arms and carried her into the ship where the medical bay
was.  I carefully pulled a piece of glass out and then made sure nothing was
left, then started working.

        An Hour Later

        I sighed as I wrapped the rest of the gauze onto Mihoshi’s wound.
Just then Sasami walked in.  "Is everyone else okay?" I asked.  "Well…Ayeka
has whiplash…but everyone else is okay…" Sasami said, "How is Mihoshi?"
"She fine…" I stated, "She’ll be in pain once she wakes up, but luckily we
have morphine…"  I wiped my forehead with my bloodsmeared hands.  "I gotta
retire…" I moaned slumping down against the floor of the medical bay, "And I
still have to restart the seventh Galaxy Police Precinct!" *Thanks Mitch for
telling me that!*  "I’d volunteer to join the seventh precinct…but I am the
ruler to be of Jurai…" Sasami stated.

        2 Hours Later

        "Well, here’s the plan, Washu stays here to fix the ship, we all go
in different directions, from what the scanners show this world is almost
completely a forest, you each get 5 flares, if you’re in danger or find the
Blood Slice use one!" I stated, "The reason Blood Slice is here is for the
special minerals and metals they have here, if you find an area that you
think may have some of the special minerals or metals, mark it with an X
with the red spray paint."  They all nodded and we set out on our different
paths.  I was alone.  The others had teamed up but Mihoshi was injured, and
Washu had to fix the ship.

        Time Passed Unknown

        I didn’t know how long I’d been walking, it was just through endless
forest…  I sighed and grabbed a branch with my hand, then swung up swinging
around the branch until I got enough speed to jump to the next branch.  Then
I swung from tree to tree gaining speed like an acrobat until I got to a
really tall one.  "God I’m glad I wanted to be a gymnast when I was young…"
I stated climbing to the top of the tall tree.  When at the top I looked out
over the land and pulled out my binoculars.  I looked around…a mountain,
more forest, my trail back, more forest, a camp!  I slid down from the top
part and jumped down branch to branch and ran towards the camp.  When within
a hearing range, I slowed down and stealthily snuck around behind a tree and
looked out to see what was there.  Jason Kentaya…along with him…Alexander
Jackson…  Damn…The leaders of Thunder Bolt and Blood Slice together.  Not a
good combination.  I took out two flares, I threw one attaching a little C4
to it, to the other side to attract their attention, then I lit another one
throwing it up in the air.

        -Sasami-

        Tenchi and I were walking through the forest when we looked at the
sky to see a brilliant flash.  "I guess that’s Kiyone’s sign…" I stated.  We
nodded and ran towards where it was.  I pulled out the gun Mihoshi had given
me just in case we ran into anything.  "Two very powerful gangs joining
forces…" Tenchi said, "This ain’t gonna be easy…Montayva was a coward who
let other people do the fighting for him, but I don’t know about Jason…"  We
kept on running until we made it to the camp that Kiyone had been at.  But
she wasn’t there waiting for us.  "Damn!" I stated, "They must’ve found
her."  She covers her tracks but not perfectly.  I heard 2 clicks and turned
around.  2 people were standing behind us, and both had a gun pointed at our
heads.  I man walked in front of the two pushing them aside but making sure
they still had their guns on us.  "Hi, you’ve probably heard of me…" the man
said with a smirk, "I’m Jason Kentaya Co-Leader of Thunder Slice, I believe
you know her…"  He stepped aside to let another guy throw a tied up Kiyone
to the ground.  She had a bruised eye and I could tell she was in pain.  Two
possibilities, she put up a fight, or they beat her up for the hell of it.
Considering they’re group I’d say option 2.  A quick movement caught me eye.
  Tenchi dropped to the ground sweep-kicking the men with guns.  Then…it
happened quicker than I could see, one of the fallen men brought their gun
up and fired at Tenchi.  I watched as he fell to the ground, a hole in his
forehead.  "TENCHI!" I screamed.  I grabbed his sword and in a blind rage
slashed again and again at the men who caused this.  I stabbed the first guy
who had done this, then brought the sword back actually decapitating Jason.
I then slashed viciously at the other two men there cutting off one of their
hands, and a finger of the other.  They ran for their lives.  I pushed the
sword into the ground and fell to my knees facing Tenchi.  Kiyone, who’s
ropes had been cut by my slashing along with a cut on her leg, stood behind
me staring at what was happening.  I lifted Tenchi’s head into my arms
ignoring the massive amount of blood still gushing.  "Tenchi…" I said
cradling his head in my arms, "No Tenchi, you can’t die!"  I brought his
head closer to my face and kissed his lips which had lost all warmth.
"Goodbye…my love…" I said pulling away from Tenchi and turning away.

        TO BE CONTINUED……

        (In Best Narrative voice)  What’s going to happen?  How will Sasami
deal with Tenchi’s Passing?  Will I figure out what’s going to happen soon?
Or will I leave you and me hanging?  Who knows?  DAMN WRITERS BLOCK!