          Part 17 - Assimilation

          -Washu-

          I watched as Mihoshi fell down from the cross and landed on the
edge of the Minaven ship.  I looked over towards Yosho.  "Yosho, cover me, I
need to get Kiyone and Mihoshi to Yagami now!" I hissed.  He nodded and ran
in-front of me clearing the path towards the ship.  I narrowly dodged a few
blows but Yosho took them out.  Once we got there I immediately put a little
transmitter on the fallen Kiyone.  I pulled out my see-through black laptop
and pressed a button.  Kiyone’s body flickered then disappeared.  I had just
transported her to Yagami’s sickbay.  "Now for Mihoshi." I said.  I grabbed
the edge of the side of the spaceship and started climbing.  Every once in a
while a bullet chinked against the metal near me, but none hit me.  I
climbed and climbed until I finally reached the ledge where Mihoshi lay.  I
put a little transmitter on her and me and once again pulled out my laptop.
Pressing the button we were both transported to Yagami’s sickbay.  I ran
over to the control panel and slammed a button down.  2 energy fields came
over Kiyone and Mihoshi’s bodies, then carried them over to 2 beds.  There
was a loud humming noise as the cell regenerator kicked in and started
moving through the forcefield over every inch, inside and outside, of their
bodies.  "Are they going to be okay?" Sasami asked walking in.  "I…I just
don’t know, I’m a scientist, but, their injuries are just…too bad to know…"
I sighed.  There was a blip and a screen flashed next to me.  I glanced to
it.  5 more Minaven ships were landing.  "Jurai is done for!" I exclaimed.
"No it isn’t." another voice said.  I spun around to see Sasami, it had came
from her.  "Sister, what are you talking about?" I asked.  "Sasami was just
thinking it over, she wants to be assimilated now, that way she can save
Jurai, and save Kiyone and Mihoshi!" Tsunami said as she spoke through
Sasami.  "NO!" I screamed, "I do not want Sasami just throwing away 3  years
of her life!"  "IT’S NOT YOUR DECISION!" Sasami boomed taking over her body
once again, "I WANT TO SAVE THEM!"  "Fine!" I hissed, "Throw away 3 years of
your life!  Do it!  Lose 3 years that you could enjoy!"  "I’m saving lives!"
she screamed.  She put her hand up and the air in front of her distorted.
She walked forward into the distorted air and a brilliant flash of blue
light covered her.  Her physical features enlarged to that of a 19 year old
girl’s size.  Her eyes sprung open and darted around.  "Wha…" Tsunami/Sasami
stated before falling to the ground.

          -Sasami-

          ‘All these sensations must be exhilarating, you have to rest
Sasami!’ Tsunami said to me.  Said isn’t the best choice of words.  Since
she’s in my head.  Er…her head…Oh damn this is confusing now.  ‘I’m so
tired…’ I thought back to her.  There was a large flash from outside.  ‘Must
help the others…’ I yawned.  I pushed myself up then collapsed upon the
ground again.  "Ugh, this is weird being this tall!" I moaned.  ‘You can
FLOAT if you want…’ Tsunami thought in a sigh.  ‘Sheesh, give me a break, I
said I’m new at this!’ I mentally yelled back.  I closed my eyes and
concentrated on being outside.  I felt a tingling sensation and when I
opened them I was hovering above the battle.  "Whoa…cool…" I muttered.

          -Tenchi-

          I brought my sword back stabbing a guy.  This was getting out of
control.  We couldn’t keep fighting.  I watched as the Juraian forces
started to fall back.  ‘There’s one way…’ I thought.  I ran over to Ayeka.
"Tell Washu to fire the energy cannons of Yagami!" I yelled at her.  "But
the Juraians, they’ll be killed too!" she yelled back.  "Listen!" I hissed,
"It’s either them or the civilians!"  Ayeka’s eyes flickered.  I could tell
she was going through a moral decision.  "Hurry up!" I screamed at her.  She
nodded then ran off to Yagami.  There was a blue flash from above and I
looked up.  Tsunami?  The only way she’d be here is if…  "NO!" I cried.
Sasami had assimilated with Tsunami!  I took out my second sword and spun
around hitting a guy whom was running at me.  I jumped up and brought my
sword down, slamming it through another persons skull.  "RAAAAGGGGHHH!"
Ryoko screamed.  There was a bright flash of light and 10 or 20 Minaven
soldiers disappeared.  Sasami who was still just hovering above the fight,
raised her arms and blue balls formed around each.  She released clenched
fists and the balls flew over surrounding 2 Minaven ships, which exploded.

          -Ayeka-

          Destroy thousands of Juraian soldiers?  I didn’t want go this far,
but nothing else could save Jurai.  There was a large explosion and I hit
the ground as the shockwave rolled over the landscape knocking down
soldiers.  What had caused it?  I turned around to see Tsunami floating in
mid-air, and 2 of the Minaven ships gone.  Wait…Tsunami?  That means Sasami
must have assimilated with her!  "NO!" I screamed.  What a waste.  3 years
of her life.  I stood up wiping the tears from my eyes and ran towards
Yagami.

          -Washu-

          Ayeka ran in, tears streaming down her face.  "Fire the energy
cannons!" she screamed.  "But you’ll kill everyone down there, including
us!" I yelled, "The recoil would destroy Yagami and everyone in it!"  "Just
do it, we need to save Jurai!" she cried.  "BY KILLING EVERYONE ON IT!?" I
screamed back, "I’ll fire the lasers, that’ll do enough damage, and we won’t
die at least."  I walked over to the control panel and started typing.

          -Tenchi-

          There was a brilliant flash of red from Yagami as two thin beams
erupted from it, vaporizing many of the soldiers.  I wiped the sweat from my
brow.  The heat from that thing was intense!  Wait a minute, I’d be dead
right now if that had been the main energy cannons!  I glanced over at
Yagami only to have to cover my eyes at the large explosion that rocked the
side of the ship.  ‘The recoil you idiot!’ I thought to myself, I hadn’t
done any planning!  Another explosion rocked the front of Yagami and I
watched in horror, as Washu and Ayeka’s charred bodies flew from the
wreckage.  I ran over to them destroying any of them who got in the way.
‘THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT!’ I screamed at myself.  I dropped down next to
Ayeka’s body and put my hand on her neck.  No pulse.  She was dead.  That’s
when I felt it.  A weird tingling sensation covered my body.  I let go of my
rage with myself a little bit, confused with what was happening.  I looked
down at my body which was now covered in a blue light.  What was going on!?

          -Sasami-

          I watched as Tenchi was covered in a blue light.  Just like when
he was being resurrected!  ‘What’s going on!?’ I demanded.  ‘It’s…so it’s
true…Tenchi is…my counterpart…’ Tsunami thought to me, ‘There was a legend,
I didn’t even know if it was true, that there was a second god that ruled
over Jurai with me…There was supposed to be at least.  But I never thought
anything of it in the billions of years I’ve been alive.’  ‘You don’t mean
that Tenchi is…’ I began.  ‘I was once a normal human girl Sasami…’ Tsunami
said cutting me off, ‘Just like you.  But then, when my parents died in one
of the earthquake that rocked Jurai a long, looooong time ago, they died.  I
was so filled with sadness, grief, and anger at myself that I couldn’t help
them, that I ascended to being a goddess.’  "Lets destroy the Minavens, for
AYEKA!" I screamed.  I charged up two more balls of energy to fire at the
Minaven ships when there was a flash of red light above me.  Another person
appeared there.  Lady Tokimi.

          TO BE CONTINUED…  Okay I know you hate me for leaving it like
this, but oh well, sue me!  It took me forever to write this, so please,
REVIEW!!!