          Part 16 - Against the Minavens

          -Kiyone-

          5 Hours Later

          We stopped upon Jurai about 4 ½ hours later.  Now we were at the
newly built palace, sitting with the king and queens of Jurai.  "We have
some information for you on the Minaven." Tenchi said handing a little
computer, which we had logged information in, to them.  He handed it to
Asuza and sat back down.  Asuza carefully looked over the information.
"Your majesty, I wish to borrow a couple ships to save Mihoshi." I stated.
A guard ran in just then.  "You won’t have to go back to save her, they’re
here, the Minavens…they have just ordered us to surrender!" the guard said
out of breath.  Upon hearing this news Tenchi twisted the ring on his finger
and transformed.  He then transformed once again to the second stage.  "Your
majesty, I wish to join your troops in battle." Tenchi declared.  The king
only nodded and we ran out of the palace.  "They’ve just gotten past our
main defense in space, it’ll only be a matter of time before they land." a
guard who had come with us stated.

          10 minutes later I saw a gleaming dot in the sky and watched it
get larger and larger and closer and closer till it was in front of us.  100
soldiers joined by our side.  And when I saw the soldiers come pouring out
of the ship, I knew, that we had little chance of surviving.

          -Tenchi-

          Hundreds and thousands of Minaven soldiers poured out of the ship.
  Then atop the ship a large cross came out of the top.  And there, nailed
to the cross was Mihoshi.  "LET THIS BE A DEMONSTRATION OF WHAT WE DO TO
THOSE WHO WORSHIP TSUNAMI!" a man bellowed, "AND BOW DOWN BEFORE OUR GOD,
LADY TOKIMI!"  "Tokimi?" I whispered, "Oh shit this is bad…"  Kiyone aimed
her gun at the man who had yelled it and fired.  "LIKE HELL, WE’LL BOW!" she
screamed.  The group of soldiers ran straight for us.

          I jumped up narrowly missing the blow from my opponent.  It was 5
against one.  Not good odds.  I jumped up again and did the splits knocking
out two of them, then dropped to the ground sweep kicked them.  I then spun
my around, my swords down, cutting all of them in half.  I heard a yell and
turned around just in time to see a sword in front of my face.  The guy who
held the sword flew backwards.  "Thought you could use some help." Ayeka
said walking up and taking down the forcefield, "Tsunami teleported us here.
  Sasami is on Yagami."  I nodded and sliced my sword backwards, spilling
the guts out of a Minaven soldier.  2 more Minaven ships landed, more
soldiers erupted from them.  "LOOK!" Ayeka gasped pointing behind me.  I
spun around to see 1,000, readily armed, Juraian soldiers.  In front of the
whole pack was Grandpa.  "TOOK YA LONG ENOUGH!" I yelled as I dodged another
sword.  I glanced up at where Mihoshi was to see Kiyone climbing up there.

          -Mihoshi-

          I moaned in pain as I regained consciousness.  What happened?  I
tried to move my arms but it hurt more each time I pulled.  I glanced to my
left.  I was nailed to a cross!   Confused, I looked down at a battle raging
on.  Tenchi and the others and some Juraian soldiers were fighting against
thousands of Minavens.  All I remembered was being shot and then…I must’ve
been captured!  I glanced around once again to see a flash of blue, I took a
double take to see Kiyone climbing up the side of the ship towards me.  BAM!
  The side of the ship exploded sending Kiyone flying through the air and
landing with a splintering crack against the ground, 1,000 feet below.
"KIYONE!" I screamed as I pulled trying to free myself from the cross.  A
searing pain shot through my arm as my hand and the nail that was nailed
into my hand were freed from the cross.  With my hand, the nail still in it,
I pulled my other hand out.  I fell down, my legs bent in an awkward
position, the only things holding me from falling down thousands of feet
were two nails.  I reached up and pulled the two nails out and felt myself
falling and falling!  I heard a crunch as I landed on an edge of the ship,
and my elbow was shoved farther into my body than it was supposed to go.  I
couldn’t take the pain.  The screams of the dying soldiers started to grow
distant.  My vision was fading.  This was the end.  "I’ll see you
soon…Kiyone…" I whispered.