Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 12: Royalty

        Chapter 12 - Royalty

        -Sasami-

        I heard small whimpering, and walked towards it.  I poked my head
through
the door to see Ryoko comforting a crying Ayeka.  Accidentally, I bumped the
door.  Ryoko’s head shot up.  "What’s wrong?" I asked quietly.  "I just got
a message from home." Ayeka said wiping a tear away, "I can’t be ruler of
Jurai if I’m a lesbian, just because the damn council is to set in their
ways, and byist."  I stood back.  ‘Those assholes!’ I thought, ‘Oh, am I
gonna give THEM a piece of my mind.’  I walked towards Tenchi’s room where,
Ken-Ohki was nibbling on a carrot.  "Tenchi, I’m going to Jurai." I stated,
"I’m gonna give those council jerks a piece of my mind."  "Why?" Tenchi
asked, "What’s going on?"  "The Council Of Jurai are too byist to let Ayeka
rule because she’s a lesbian." I said as I spun around, "C’mon Ken-Ohki,
we’re going."  "Count me in." Tenchi said, "I don’t think this is fair
either."  "MRAAAOOOWWW!" Ken-Ohki hissed transforming once we got out of the
house.

        5 Days Later

        ‘This is totally dishonorable to the all loving name of Jurai!" I
yelled at
the council, "All loving, yeah right, you don’t accept those who are
different!"  "PRINCESS SASAMI!" the leader of the council yelled, "YOU ARE
OUT OF LINE!"  "OUT OF LINE MY ASS!" I screamed at him, "YOU’RE OUT OF LINE
BY DOING THIS TO PRINCESS AYEKA!!  SO WHAT IF SHE DOES LOVE ANOTHER WOMAN?
YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO DO THIS!"  Tenchi stood up and told me to sit down.  "I
think you all know who I am." he stated.  They nodded.  "I’ve lived with
Ayeka, for a couple years now." Tenchi said, "Who she’s in love with doesn’t
matter.  She’ll be a good leader either way.  And I think Sasami is right,
that YOU are the ones out of line.  Love life has nothing to do with
leadership, sure it fucked up Clinton’s presidency, but it doesn’t matter,
he was still a good leader!"  He sat down and sighed.  Just then Ambassador
Cloftor walked up.  "She still is a lesbian, what kind of screwed up system
would let a lesbian rule?" he asked.  Tenchi hopped up and grabbed Cloftor
by his collar.  "Listen you pompous prick!" Tenchi yelled, "This system
better do it, or how about we announce to the whole galaxy, what you’re
doing?"  I pulled Tenchi down and he let go of Cloftor.  Just then High
Ambassador Menton slammed his gavel down.  "ENOUGH!" he screamed, "I think
that Princess Sasami, and Lord Tenchi have a point.  People make your
decisions, right now lets have a lunch break."

        10 Minutes Later

        I sat down next to Tenchi with the food I had brought.  The council
food
tasted like crap.  "These people are sadists, I swear it." Tenchi stated as
he took his sandwich.  "Cloftor has a reputation for making trouble with
those who are different.  I mean one time he started yelling at my father,
bad move, he was almost executed if Ayeka hadn’t stepped in." I said, "He
should be thanking Ayeka, but instead he hated her."  I took a bite of my
sandwich.  BEEP!  "Did you hear that?" I asked.  Tenchi nodded and we looked
under the table.  A bomb!  I jumped away along with Tenchi and the table
exploded.  "If you die who will take the throne?" Tenchi asked.  "You." I
stated, "But if we die, and the Ayeka incident isn’t over…Cloftor would rule
Jurai…"  Tenchi nodded.  "That bastard." he said.  Just then the security
system activated and bullets started covering the room.  "The control room!"
I yelled.  He nodded and we ran, carefully not to get hit.  My uncle stood
in front of us.  "Sasami, what’s going on?" he asked.  "Cloftor is trying to
kill us." I said as we ran past him.  He ran towards us, following us.  I
ran through the control room door to see a gun pointed at my face.  CLICK!
A gun was now pointed at Cloftor.  Tenchi was the owner of it.  "Drop the
gun." Cloftor stated.  "In your dreams." Tenchi said moving his arm.  "DIE!"
Cloftor yelled firing at me, hitting me in the leg.  "You first." Tenchi
stated firing.  A small hole appeared in Cloftor’s head as he fell to the
ground.  "You know…" I started, "I wish they’d just leave us alone, I mean
why do all the psychos attract to us?"  "No clue." Tenchi said throwing the
gun to the ground.  "You won’t get in trouble." my uncle stated, "Not with
what I saw, you did that out of self defense."

        1 Hour Later

        "The council has made their decision." Menton said, "Ayeka will be
allowed
to rule."  "YES!" I yelled hugging Tenchi, "We did it!  I can’t wait to tell
Ayeka!"

        Back On Earth

        "AYEKA!" I yelled running into her room.  Her head shot up at me.
"You can
rule, me and Tenchi outted it with the Council." I said, "Oh by the way,
Cloftor is dead."  She jumped up and ran over hugging me.  "Thank you
Sasami, thank you!" she said.

        Stay Tuned For Part 13 - Shifted
