Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 11: Resurrection

        Chapter 11 - Resurrection

        -Sasami-

        I took one more glance at Tenchi’s body and was about to turn away
when a brilliant blue flash erupted from his chest and mine.  They two
flashes met and then went straight into Tenchi.  "Tsunami…" I whispered.
Tenchi’s body start floating in the air and was covered in a white light.
As I walked towards him the glow got stronger and stronger.  I stopped
beside him.  His body floated upright so he was on his feet.  Then suddenly
the glowing zoomed away from him spreading around a mile wide.  His eyes
shot open and he stumbled awkwardly from the rush of energy. "TENCHI!" I
yelled throwing my arms around him.  That sent him more off balance and I
fell atop him.  "I’m so glad you’re okay." I said wiping the tears that were
in my eyes.  I ran my finger over his head where the bullet wound had been.
It was gone along with the blood on him and the ground.  "What are you
talking about?" he asked, "The last thing I remember was a guy firing a
gun."  He glanced at Jason’s body and head, then the dead guy and the hand
and finger.  "You died…" I stated.  It hit him that all the gore had
happened in my rage.  "Wha?" he said dumbfounded.  I just smiled and hugged
him again tighter brushing my lips against his.

        -Tenchi-

        I hugged Sasami back and started thinking.  Tsunami must have
revived me.  I glanced at the dismembered body parts.  ‘Damn…’ I thought, ‘I
never knew Sasami could do that…’

        30 Minutes Later

        "Sorry it took us so long." Ayeka said, "We didn’t see the signal
right away.  We were busy…searching…"  "Okay, Alexander Jackson is now one
of the most powerful people around, he controls Thunder Slice alone now that
Jason is dead." I stated, "Jurai can’t do anything right now, nor can the
galaxy police, it’d take about a month  for them to get here.  So it’s up to
us."  "Great speech Tenchi." Ryoko yawned, "Now can we go kick some ass?"
"Yeah." I said as I pulled my sword out of the ground where Sasami had laid
it.

        5 Minutes Later

        I brought my sword back ramming it through a guys gut.  Another guy
came at me, I jumped up spinning on the sword that was still implanted in
the other guys body and kicked the oncoming guy.

        -Kiyone-

        I ran at a girl coming at me and jumped over her, then turned
around, sweep kicked, and fired.  I fired at another person running at me
then turned around to see someone about to bring the sword down at me.
BANG!  The person fell to the ground.  Mihoshi was standing beside her.
"You ain’t leaving me out of this battle." she said smiling.  She still was
a bit bloody but it was dried.  Someone was running at me from behind.  I
kicked my leg backwards hitting the guy in the nuts, then spun around making
my fist collide with his temple.  Out of the corner of my eye I saw
Alexander hiding behind a rock cowering from the battle.  I walked over to
him, snuck up behind him and yelled, "BOO!"  He jumped about 10 feet and
spun around to face me.  "Your under arrest." I said laughing as I put the
handcuffs on him.

        1 Hour Later

        That battle was over most of Thunder Slice was defeated, the rest
surrendered or fled.  "Well that’s the end of that, hopefully, I’m tired of
this gang." I stated.  Tenchi nodded as we walked back to the ship.  "Just
finished!" Washu said walking out of the ship, "All the repairs are done."
We all got in and sped back off to Earth.  Finally.

        Stay tuned for Part 12 - Royalty
