Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 5: Ryoko’s Disappearance

        Chapter 5 - Ryoko’s Disappearance

        -Ryoko-

        I jumped up and flew after Kigato.  No one hurts my friends and gets
away
with it.  I looked back to see Tenchi following me.  I fired a ball of
energy at him.  "KIGATO IS MINE!" I yelled at him.  He nodded and slowed
down.  I turned back towards the fleeing Kigato.  I flew for about an hour
until I reached her lair.  A cave.  How fitting.  Gothic, ugly, just perfect
for an evil bitch like her.  Suddenly Kigato appeared behind me and joined
her fists together slamming them against my back.  I fell to the stone
ground in pain.  I wiped the blood from my mouth and backflipped only to be
slammed to the ground again.  I turned over and she slammed her foot down on
my stomach making me spew up blood.  I raised my hand and fired an energy
beam at her face.  "You witch Ryoko!" Kigato screamed.  I put my hand on the
stone cave and became part of her cave.  I turned it into me and grabbed
Kigato in one of my now stone hands.  She cackled.  "That cave is loaded
with my evil energy." she said.  Suddenly I felt a surge of power flow
through me to my head.  And it knocked me unconscious.

        Time Passed Unknown

        I felt so queasy.  Last thing I remember was getting a surge of
energy
flowing through me and Kigato laughing her damn head off.  I tried to move
my arms.  But they wouldn’t budge.  I looked down.  Energy coils were
wrapped around my body.  I struggled but to no avail.  I was trapped.
Suddenly Tenchi flew up.  "I knew you’d get yourself neck deep in…" Tenchi
began.  He didn’t finish for Kigato had knocked him unconscious.  "And I
thought he’d be tougher." Kigato whined firing an energy coil around him,
"Hey, he’s kinda cute…Is he single?"  "Nope.  He’s with Sasami." I said.
"She’s like way younger than him." Kigato said.  "3 years, wow." I stated
getting bored with her antics.  "Who are you a couple with, I should know
because they’ll be who I have to send the certificate of death to." Kigato
cooed.  "Fuck off." I yelled getting angrier, "It’s none of your business
who I like."
        "Who is it, I’ll keep bugging you until you tell me!!"

        "Ayeka, okay, I love Ayeka!"

        "Ayeka?  Wow, I never knew you were that way."

        "Ahem…I am, got a problem?" Ayeka asked.  She ran at Kigato full
power.
Kigato easily dodged and Ayeka rammed into me.  Then Kigato fired a blast at
Ayeka hitting her hard, and tied her up with an energy coil.  There was a
crash outside.  Kigato ran out as I hopped out after her.  There was a
crashed spaceship.  "What’s the big fuss?" Washu asked walking up to see
Kigato firing an energy coil at her, "Damn."  The spaceship opened and out
walked…  "Hey isn’t that Kiyone?" Tenchi asked, "The person Mihoshi always
talks about."  "They sent me…down here!" Kiyone yelled, "After Kigato."  She
jumped up in the air and fired down at Kigato.  She then fired at each of us
and the energy coils broke.  "Lets do a team attack." I said.  I pulled out
my sword.  Ayeka, and Tenchi ran at her first then dodged aside distracting
her.  I rushed at her and swung my sword.  "Damn you!!!" Kigato yelled as
she disappeared.  "Incinerated." I stated.  "Ugh." Ayeka moaned as she fell
to the ground in pain.  I flew down to her and put my h7and where her hand
was.  I pulled my hand away from her stomach.  My hand was colored red with
blood.  There was a lot of blood.  A stomach wound.  "Lets get her back
now!" I yelled.  I picked her up in my arms and running towards the shrine.
We met Sasami halfway.  "I called an ambulance, they’re coming to pick up
Mihoshi." Sasami said, "They can probably take Ayeka too."

        10 Minutes Later

        "Hold on Ayeka." I said holding her hand as the paramedics put her
in the
ambulance.  "Sorry, family only." the paramedic said.  I sighed with tears
running down my face as Sasami got in holding Ayeka’s hand.  "Oh god, be
okay Ayeka." I cried.  Tenchi put his hand on my shoulder.  "She’s gonna be
alright." he said.  I fell to my knees crying.  "DAMN YOU KIGATO, I HOPE
YOU’RE BURNING IN HELL!" I screamed.

        To Be Continued…

        Next Time in Chapter 6: Kiyone and Ryoko’s Mourning