Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 4: Prom Night

         Chapter 4 - Prom Night

         -Sasami-

         Tenchi and I were just sitting off to the side at the starting.
But then he heard a good song I guess, and changed his mind.  "Wanna dance?"
Tenchi asked.  "Sure." I said smiling.  He grabbed my hand as we walked out
towards the dance floor.  I wrapped my hands around his neck as he wrapped
his around my waist.  The dancing lessons Washu gave me really paid off.  I
stared straight into Tenchi’s eyes.  I smiled.  I was with the one person
that I truly loved.  Tenchi was my first love, and my first kiss.  Most of
crushes were just fakes driven by a guy who looked cute.  But most of the
time when I made an approach, he turned out to be somewhat of a prick.  I
sighed when I looked into Tenchi’s eyes.  In those beautiful eyes were love,
passion, trust, hope, anything you want, except hatred.  Tenchi rarely ever
kept a grudge and even when an enemy attacked he didn’t hate them.  He just
was a little angry at them.  I leaned my head closer to Tenchi and our lips
were about to touch when suddenly we heard a little bit of clicking then…
"SINCE MY BABY LEFT ME, I FOUND A NEW PLACE TO DWELL!" rang out from the
speakers.  "Sorry, put the CD in the wrong place, my bad." the DJ said.  I
sighed.  Well that romantic moment was ruined.  We went back to dancing a
little disappointed about the moment.  An explosion rocked the school and a
giant hole appeared in the wall.  A person that looked somewhat similar to
Kagato was floating there.  "Where is he?" it yelled, "Where’s TENCHI?"
"Um, I, oh shit!" Tenchi said, "I don’t have the sword or my ring, Uh…run…"
Ryoko flew up to it and started attacking it.  "Who are you and what do you
want with Tenchi?" Ryoko asked angrily.  "Tenchi destroyed my
brother…Kagato." she said, "I am Kigato, I know, similarity, I’m his twin
sister, and I want revenge for him being destroyed!"  "Everyone get out of
here!" Tenchi yelled.  The students didn’t need to be told twice.  They
immediately ran out of the school.  "Ryoko, use your FULL power!" I yelled.
She nodded.  I looked at Tenchi and he nodded.  We joined hands and a energy
field appeared around everyone left.  "Well, I really didn’t expect this."
Washu said, "Hell, I didn’t even know Kagato had a sister."  "Well duh!"
Kigato said while fighting of Ryoko, "We were separated at birth.  Lets just
say our father didn’t want a daughter so he put me up for adoption.  That’s
the nice, happy story."  She punched Ryoko in the stomach and sent out a
beam creating her sword.  She then swung her sword and chopped off Ryoko’s
leg.  "It’ll take me a while to heal." Ryoko said flying down.  "It’s up to
me then!" Tenchi said as remembered that *Being the dope he is* he had put
the ring in his pocket.  He put the ring on and transformed.  He then
created the sword and jumped up at Kigato.  It sliced her stomach leaving a
long red line.  She swung her sword in a blind rage at Tenchi.  She missed
every time and Tenchi knocked the sword out of her hand.  "I’ll be back."
she growled.  She snapped her fingers and in a puff of smoke she was gone.

         -Ayeka-

         After the battle ended I ran over to Ryoko.  "Ryoko, are you hurt,
are you okay?" I asked.  She nodded.  "Remember?" she asked as she placed
her hand on her severed limb.  She used her powers sand the leg reappeared.
I threw my arms around her.  "Great fight." I said.  She smiled at me as she
hugged me back.  "Lets go back home." Ryoko said.  I nodded to her as I
helped her up.  We walked to the others, and went home.

         -Ryoko-

         That Night

         "Jake, why Jake, do you love her more than me?" Maranda asked.  We
were watching a lame late night soap opera.  "Of course not Maranda, she’s
just…a side thing, for when you’re not there." Jake admitted, "If you want,
I’ll dump her."  "It wouldn’t matter Jake, you betrayed my love in you!"
Maranda cried smacking him.  With that Maranda stormed out of the apartment.
  I was getting bored with it.  Ayeka had her head laid on my lap asleep
from the boring show.  I smiled at her not-so-frail-anymore figure and
sighed.  She had gotten pretty strong over these years, after all the
battles.  I picked her up in my arms and carried her to her room laying her
down on her bed.  I inhaled the beautiful scent of her perfume.  I kissed
her on the forehead and went to my room.

         Midnight

         Someone was in my room.  They couldn’t see my eyes open in the
darkness.  The person opened up a sword and held it over my chest.  I felt
the air current as they brought it down and dodged out of the way right in
the nic of time.  I backflipped off the bed and opened up my own sword.
Ayeka who is in the bedroom right next to mine rammed the locked door down
in her transformed state.  She snapped on the light.  Kigato was there.  I
slashed at her.  "I’ll be back.  When you least expect it." Kigato said as
she flew through the roof breaking it.  I looked up at the stars and saw her
disappear into the vast sky.  Suddenly Sasami ran through the door.  "It’s
Mihoshi." Sasami cried, "She’s badly injured, Kigato stabbed her through the
stomach."  "Take care of Mihoshi, I’m going after Kigato." I said as I flew
up through the hole on the room with a rage in my eyes.  No one hurts my
friends and gets away with it.

         Stay tuned for Part 5: Ryoko's Disappearance
