Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 2: Kagato’s Return

        -Sasami-

        I was out in the field helping Tenchi put out the fire.  Ryoko was
firing
blasts of energy trying to cool the fire.  The rest of us were carrying
buckets of water to it.  Ryo-Ohki had a hose in it’s mouth and was spraying
the fire.  Once it was out a strange red and black aura came out of the
woods.  It was evil.  That’s all I could tell.  It swooped into Tenchi and
he turned to me.  "Hi Sasami, Ayeka, Ryoko, Ryo-Ohki." Tenchi said.  "Who
are you and where’s the real Tenchi?" I asked.  "He’s locked in a corner of
his pathetic human mind…And of course, you should remember me, I’m Kagato."
he said, "I made a little device that kept my inner mind alive after I died.
  So, I came back, lit the fire to get your attention, took control of
Tenchi, and I will rule the world now that I have the sword."  The sword!
Tenchi didn’t have it.  He had left it in my room that one night.  But I
wasn’t able to give it back to him yet.  I looked at Ayeka and she nodded.
She looked at Ryoko who nodded.  "Hiya!" Ryoko screamed attacking Tenchi.  I
ran towards the house into my room and grabbed the sword so Kagato couldn’t
get it.  Washu was there knowing what happened and handed me the sword.  I
ran back out sword in hand to fight Tenchi/Kagato. I had to find some way to
save Tenchi and destroy Kagato.  "Insolent fools, my power combined with
this boys is unstoppable!" he cackled as he fired beams of energy.  The
energy beams surrounded us tying us up.  He then raised his hand gently and
then whacked it against a tree.  We were thrown against the trees.  Suddenly
Kagato fell to the ground.  "Do not resist me boy, don’t make me leave you
nothing but a shell for I can and I will if needed, back off boy!" Kagato
cried throwing Tenchi out of his mind again, "That fool doesn’t want you
girls hurt, how touching."  "RAAAAARRR!" Ryo-Ohki hissed as she tackled
Kagato and bit his finger.  "Ow!" Kagato cried as he threw Ryo-Ohki into the
cement wall of the house.  "Tsunami…" I said quietly, "Help me."  Suddenly a
blue ball cut the energy beams surrounding us.  "Kagato be gone!" I cried
holding the sword up next to the blue orb of energy.  The two reacted to
each other and sent a blue beam of energy straight at Tenchi as it knocked
Kagato out of him.  "Nope, not yet." Kagato said hoping back into Tenchi and
matching the beams strength.  He altered the power so his beam was now
absorbing my beam and coming right at me.   "NOOOOOOOO!" Tenchi screamed
pushing Kagato out of him, "You will not hurt her!"  He stopped the beam of
energy inches from my face.  I looked at Tenchi.  He was sweating very badly
from the mental battle against Kagato.  He lifted his hand and the sword
flew to it.  He then extended the beam and forever defeated Kagato.
Meanwhile during all of this Ayeka and Ryoko were just watching in amazement
to stunned to interfere.  After checking to see if Tenchi was okay I ran
over to Ryo-Ohki.  I felt her ribs.  Most of them were broken from Kagato’s
attack.  She was bruised and her face was bleeding.  I lifted her up gently
in my arms and carried her inside with the others.  I then set her ribs and
cleaned her wounds up.  "Now Ryo-Ohki, you can’t run much now because your
ribs, so you’ll just have to take it easy okay?" I told her.  "Meow, meow!"
Ryo-Ohki said smiling at me.

        A Month Later

        I sighed as I laid my head on Tenchi’s lap.  We were again watching
TV  It
was the same thing that we had seen when I was younger and had to cover up
Ryo-Ohki’s eyes and Ayeka covered up mine.  She let me watch it now.   I
looked at Tenchi.  He was a bit bored with the program so I grabbed the
remote and changed it.  "Hey look, Dragon Ball GT!" I said pointing.
Everyone in the Masaki household liked the Toonami line up.  I kissed Tenchi
on the cheek and laid my head back down on his lap.  Life was wonderful.
Not a villain in site.  No mystical creatures ruining our day.  Life
was…normal.  A bit boring though.  Well at least that’s what I thought.

         Stay Tuned For Part 3: The Prom