          Part 15 - Across the Deadly Plain

          -Tenchi-

          So…we were heading towards our doom across millions of light years
of enemy territory.  "Washu’s totally insane." I stated, "I’m gonna go to
Ken-Ohki, we’re gonna need a lot of fire power."  Ryoko nodded.  I walked
over to Ryo-Ohki’s space docking bay where Ken-Ohki was.  "Well this is
gonna be fun…" I grinned once I was out in Ken-Ohki.  Walking down to the
manual targeting, I stated making the adjustments Washu said to make.
Juraian intelligence proved that you had to adjust your weapons frequency or
anything you fired would be deflected by the enemy shields.  But then again,
Juraians rarely ventured out this far into enemy territory.  We were all
alone out here…It was gonna be hell.  We were going to do the unthinkable.
Go out into unknown enemy territory, and try to survive.  I watched as the
screen showed the possibility of success.  0.1%  "I love an adventure, don’t
you?" I asked the small picture of Ryoko in the top right-hand corner of my
screen.  "Yeah, fun…isn’t it?" she mumbled obviously not to happy to be
going into enemy territory…  I was upset to, but not this upset, something
was wrong.

          -Ryoko-

          I sat down in the chair centered in the middle of Ryo-Ohki.
Almost everything we’d been coming across came back to me.  Blood Slice had
been mostly made of Minaven.  I had a…dislike for Jurai at that time, for I
thought no one should have that much power as did they.  So I had joined
with the Minaven until one night.  This had been before I had rescued the
children.  They had a Juraian prince tied up and tortured him.  I still can
remember as I watched afraid of what would happen if I helped him, the whip
going down against his bare body.  Though I still think he had too much
power, no one needs to go through the pain he endured.  I set him free.
That was the first thing that started turning me against Blood Slice.  This
had also all happened before I met up with Kagato.  I wasn’t as famous as a
space pirate then, but I still was pretty wild.  Now I’d again be going
against Minaven.  I closed my eyes and laughed.  Not even Tenchi and us
could make it through this, it was insane.  "We’re going to hell…" I
laughed, "Hell, when you’re not dead!"

          -Kiyone-

          This was way out of the Galaxy Police’s jurisdiction.  Only the
top officials of Galaxy Police dared to enter the territory we were
entering.

          5 Hours Later

          BEEP!!  BEEP!! My eyes shot open as I glanced around.  "Minaven
army fleet ahead.  Minaven army fleet ahead!" The computer beeped sending
the flashing red light warning.  "MIHOSHI, BATTLESTATIONS!" I yelled.

          -Tenchi-

          "We’ve got company…" I hissed to Ken-Ohki as I took a view of the
fleet, "Holy shit…"  5 Battleships…  20 cruisers…  This was over doing it.
I’ve studied many alien cultures and the way of the Juraians.  This was
unheard of!  A normal fleet has 1 Battleship and 10 cruisers.  "Ken-Ohki,
fire the main cannon!" I yelled.  A brilliant flash of purple light erupted
from Ken-Ohki.  YES!  A battle ship was taken down.  I slipped into manual
driving.  This would be fun.  2 Cruisers were on my tail.  I fired engines
up straight towards the battleship.  I slammed on the brakes then shot
straight up as I watched the 2 cruisers collide with the Battleship’s
bridge.  "Tenchi you have 5 bogeys on your tail!" Ryoko yelled.  I fired up
maximum burn and tried to escape the 5 cruisers.  "I can’t shake ‘em!" I
cried.  I watched as the cruisers powered up and fired.

          -Ryoko-

          "TENCHI!" I yelled as I watched Ken-Ohki explode.  I  swerved
Ryo-Ohki around aiming at the cruisers.  "Missiles 1, 2, 3, and 4, AWAY!" I
screamed.  That was when I saw a blue glow from where Ken-Ohki exploded.
Tenchi was there with Ken-Ohki, both being protected by the Light Hawk
Wings.

          -Mihoshi-

          I watched as Ryoko swooped by and picked up Tenchi and Ken-Ohki.
Suddenly the alarm went off again.  I glanced at the screen.  3 more fleets
closing in on us.  One from the left, one from the right, and one from
behind.  "It’s a trap…" I hissed under my breath.

          5 Hours Later

          "Man this sucks!" Ryoko moaned.  We were in a Minaven prison.
They had out numbered us 50 to 1.  "I’M GETTING OUT OF HERE!" Ryoko yelled
firing a ball of energy. It bounced off the wall at me.  I ducked just in
time and it bounced towards Washu who caught in her hand.  "I TOLD YOU, YOU
CAN’T BREAK OUT!" Washu screamed.  I took out my hairpin and walked over to
the door trying to pick the lock.  I heard a click and opened the cell door
only to be met with shock.  Being blown back from the intensity of the shock
I fell unconscious.

          -Kiyone-

          I ran over to Mihoshi’s fallen body.  "She’s not breathing!" I
cried as I put my hands on her chest.  Tenchi walked over to assist me.
"1…2…3…Breath!" I yelled.  Tenchi exhaled into Mihoshi.  "1…2…3…Breath!" I
yelled again.  He once again exhaled into her.  "*COUGH!* *COUGH!*" Mihoshi
choked.  Her hair was a bit black around the edges.  "They must’ve put a
forcefield up, a strong one, I had no idea that the Minavens actually had
shock-field ability." Washu stated.  Tenchi pulled out the Master Key.
"Lets see if this work…" he said as he ran at the forcefield.  He rammed the
sword straight into the forcefield.  He was blown back across the cell
hitting a wall.  "Whatever shock-field they have up can deflect Juraian
power." he coughed standing up.  "That’s not the reason, it’s because the
Master Key is away from the ship… But… Lets try this then…" I said as I
loaded the anti-matter shot into my gun.  I fired at the force-field.  A big
swirling pool of gray and white sucked up the force-field.  BEEEEEP!!!
BEEEEEP!!!  A red light flashed and a siren sounded.  "Lets go!" I yelled.

          -Mihoshi-

          We ran down the corridors of the Minaven prison.  A guard or two
popped up but I shot them down.  We emerged into daylight out of the prison.
  I heard guns click.  Snipers all around us.  "You guys go ahead, we’ll
take care of them!" I yelled at the others.  Kiyone and I both kneeled down
and started firing at the snipers.  They had the advantage.  I watched as 10
more snipers exited the upper corridors to join their buddies.  And I also
watched, as the head one, aimed a rocket launcher.  "RUUUUUNNNN!" I
screamed.  I grabbed Kiyone by the wrist hoisting her up, then pulled her
along with me as we ran to the others.  "We have to get to the docking bay,
that’s where Yagami, Ken-Ohki, and Ryo-Ohki are!" Washu yelled.  "You guys
run along, I’ll cover you!" I stated, "GO!"  I aimed my gun at the row of
coming soldiers.  I fired 5 times.  All of them fell down with a bullet in
their head.  I turned around and ran to the docking bay.  BANG!  BANG!  I
felt the bullets pierce both my legs.  "Auggghhh!" I cried in pain.  Falling
to the ground, I pushed my self up into an upward position push-up, and
dragged myself along with my hands.  A boot fell in front of my face,
followed by another.  I looked up to see the man who had had the rocket
launcher knock me out.

          -Kiyone-

          I heard the gun fire and the scream Mihoshi let out.  "I’m going
back for her." I hissed to the others turning around.  Tenchi grabbed me.
"You can’t save her if you die yourself…" he said, "After we get to our
stopping point, Jurai, we’ll think up a plan.  Then, Washu can go get her
son."  He shot a cold look at Washu who only nodded solemnly in response.
