Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 7: Mihoshi’s Past

        Chapter 7 - Mihoshi’s Past

        -Tenchi-

        "I wish Ryo-Ohki didn’t eat so many carrots!" I sighed as I wiped
the beads
of sweat that were forming on my forehead.  A great summer day…And of
course, I had to work in the garden!  Suddenly there was a rumbling noise
and I looked up to see a gray spaceship plummeting towards me.  I quickly
ran behind a tree to see if they were friendly or not.  ‘Hey this thing
looks familiar…’ I thought to myself.  Out walked Nagi and the spaceship
soon became Ken-Ohki.  I walked out from behind the tree.  "Hello Nagi…" I
said quietly.  Her head snapped up at me.  "Hi Tenchi…" Nagi said, "I’m back
for revenge."  She just grinned and snapped her whip at me.  I backflipped
out of the way.  "Little touchy aren’t we?" I asked as I transformed.  I
took out my sword.  This was Mihoshi’s job…She’d have to arrest Nagi.  I ran
at Nagi and slashed at her missing, then ran straight towards the house.
"If Mihoshi’s asleep." I said, "I’ll kill her."  "Come back here!" she
yelled at me.  I stopped as soon as I got to the house.  "Mihoshi!" I
yelled.  She was on the porch and saw Nagi.  She quickly took out her gun
and aimed it at Nagi.  She took out her whip and whipped at Mihoshi knocking
the gun out of her hands.  Mihoshi dove for the gun but was knocked aside
from Nagi’s whip leaving a gash.  I jumped at Nagi and slashed.  "Grrr…" she
growled holding her arm.   Mihoshi grabbed the gun and aimed at Nagi.  She
then took out her rope thingy and threw it so they wrapped around Nagi’s
arms and legs.  "Ken-Ohki!" Nagi yelled.  Ken-Ohki ran over to her snapping
the  with his teeth.  Nagi backflipped up and snapped her whip knocked the
sword out of my hand and the gun out of Mihoshi’s hand.  "Um, you seem to be
forgetting about the person who injured you last time." Ryoko said appearing
behind her.  Nagi spun around facing Ryoko.

        -Ryoko-

        Nagi spun around to face me.  "Hi Nagi." I said, "Watcha been up
to?"  "Oh
same old, same old!" Nagi said snapping her whip at me.  I jumped up dodged
it and opened up my energy sword.  I ran at her and my sword met her whip.
I soon overpowered her and the whip was knocked out of her hands.  She
laughed falling to the ground, grabbing the whip, rolling away and jumping
back up.  She snapped the whip and it wrapped around Tenchi and I
electrocuting us.  I saw Mihoshi aim directly for Nagi and fire.  Nagi fell
to the ground and her whip fell off of us.  Blood was gushing from her heart
wound.  "I guess you guys…win…" Nagi said quietly.  Ken-Ohki ran over to
Nagi and licked her face trying to get her attention.  "Meow?" it asked,
"MRAAAAAAAOOOWWW!"  Tears streamed down Ken-Ohki’s face, for it’s master was
gone.  "I never knew you had the guts to do it." I stated looking at
Mihoshi.  "There’s a lot about me none of you know." she said dropping the
gun and walking away.

        -Kiyone-

        "Hey Mihoshi…I heard what happened." I stated, "Do you want to talk
about
it?"  She had never really wanted to be a galaxy police officer, I never
knew why she was one.  She doesn’t like fighting, death…Anything like that.
"Sure." Mihoshi said slumping down on the couch beside me, "Ryoko didn’t
think I had the guts to do it…ha…"  "They don’t know you, hell even with all
the years I’ve been with you I don’t know you.  But I want to know you."
"My acting happy, cheerful, without a care, just the blond ditz is all an
act.  I act like a ditz to make people laugh.  Laughing drives the anger,
sadness, loneliness I carry inside me away.  I have to cry myself to sleep
at night thinking of what I went through.  Before I met my grandpa, I had to
leave on the streets rough it out, sometimes had to even sell my body for
money just to live…And then he comes along…I’m supposed to act all cheerful,
forget about the hell I had been condemned to for half of my life?  This was
all during the war when people opposed the Juraian family, I was torn from
my mothers arms and brought to an enemy’s base.  I managed to escape…  But
then…I lived a hell anyway…  I knew no love, friendship kindness…Only hate
anger and greed…How the fuck am I supposed to act normal after that?!"
Mihoshi said with tears streaming down her face, "And I’ll have to live with
those memories forever.  That pain in my heart."  She rolled up her long
sleeve shirt to reveal deep scars.  "I cut to take the pain away, the pain
that’s in my heart…" she said.  "Oh god…" I declared, "Mi-hoshi…"  I threw
my arms around her as she buried her head in my chest releasing her tears
long kept inside her.  I kissed her head.  "Let it out…" I stated, "Let it
out my love..."

        The Next Day

        I opened my eyes to see that Mihoshi wasn’t on the couch anymore.
"Mihoshi?" I asked walking around then into the kitchen.  Mihoshi was there
humming happily frying pancakes.  Except this smile, it wasn’t a mask.  I
think that letting her feelings out finally helped her.  After having those
emotions locked away since her childhood.  "Oh hi Kiyone!" she said smiling,
"I made some breakfast, do you like pancakes?"  "Sure!" I stated smiling.  I
sat down at the table and served me pancakes.  "I didn’t know you could cook
this well." I said surprised at how good they tasted.  "As I said before,
you don’t know a lot about me!" she laughed sitting down and eating hers.
BEEEP!  I looked at my watch.  "We have an important mission, contact Sasami
and the others, someone’s attacking Jurai!" I said jumping up.

        Stay Tuned for Part 8 - Battle Ground: Jurai