Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 13: Shifted

        Chapter 13 - Shifted

        -Tenchi-

        RING!! RING!!  "I got it!" I yelled picking up the phone, "Masaki
Residence, Tenchi speaking."  "Hey Tenchi!" the person said, "It’s Selina,
my family just moved back to Japan!  I was thinking maybe we could, like,
get together some time."  "Sure!" I exclaimed, "How about today, I don’t
have anything planned!"  "Okay!" Selina stated, "Be there soon!"  She hung
up.  Selina had been my best friend when I was younger, until she moved away
to the U.S.  After she moved we kinda lost touch with each other…

        1 Hour Later

        I was in the fields working when she walked up.  "Oh hey Selina!" I
said looking up.  "Hey Tenchi…" Selina stated.  She looked much different
now.  Her red hair used to be like a boy’s cut, was now halfway down her
back.  She was a lot taller than I remember too, usually I was the taller
one.  "Long time no see." I said as we walked towards the shed.  I set my
hoe down in the shed, when Ryo-Ohki popped out.  "Well hello there!" Selina
cooed petting Ryo-Ohki.  That was the first thing I noticed.  She wasn’t
scared or surprised at all seeing Ryo-Ohki.  Ryo-Ohki stepped back hissing
at Selina.  "Bad Ryo-Ohki!" I said shooing her away, "Hmm, I wonder what got
into her…"  We then walked towards the house where we saw Washu standing
looking at a weird gizmo.  "Hello!" Washu grinned waving at Selina, "Nice to
meet you!  I’m Washu!"  ‘A’ popped onto her shoulder.  "Hello!" A said.  B
popped onto her other shoulder.  "Hello!" B stated.  "Hi, I’m Selina, I’m an
old friend of Tenchi’s." she explained unfazed by the two puppets.  ‘I’m
just nervous seeing her again.’ I thought to myself, shaking it off.  "Yes,
Tenchi told us all about you after you called." Ayeka said not looking away
from the T.V.  She was in the living room with Ryoko.  We opened the screen
door and entered.   "Babbled on about you for half an hour." Ryoko mumbled.
"Who’s up for lunch?!" Sasami called from the kitchen.  Immediately Ryoko
jumped up and was in the kitchen in a flash.  Selina, me, and everyone else
sat down in the dining room to eat the lunch Sasami had prepared.

        -Sasami-

        I sat down and started eating with the others.  Ayeka was babbling
about how she kicked Ryoko’s ass in Mario Kart, Ryoko was babbling about how
she hates that game.  Tenchi was conversing with Selina about the time she
was away, Selina the same.  I sighed as I finished and brought the plate
over to the dishwater.  "Hey Selina," I asked, "Why don’t you stay the
night?"  "Sasami, that’s a great idea!" Tenchi said, "If she stays the
night, then we’ll be able to finally discuss what happened while she was
gone fully."  "Thanks!" Selina said smiling.  I took a double-take.
Something was wrong with that smile.  It just…wasn’t right.

        That Night

        I sighed and turned over.  I just couldn’t get to sleep.  I heard a
creak and glanced over to my door.  It was now open.  Quickly reacting, I
leaped over to my lamp turning it on to see Selina.  "Hello Sasami…" she
said quietly.  I gave a sigh of relief.  "What are you doing here?" I asked.
  "Oh…" Selina stated, her skin turning gray, "I’m having a bit of an
identity crisis…"  I screamed before her hand lurched out grabbing be my
throat, making me gasp for air.  Then I felt it, a needle come from her
hand, and extract some of my blood.  "Shapeshifter…" I managed to say.  The
Jurai family had heard of shapeshifters.  They always kept a low profile,
all we know is that they hid themselves among our society, after killing the
real person, and stealing their identity.  "Don’t worry, I won’t kill you,
we have to keep an even lower profile in here, with Washu around…" she said
releasing me.  I inhaled deeply then looked up to see her fist coming
towards my face.  When I woke up, all I knew was it was dark,  I was gagged,
and I was tied up.

        -Tenchi-

        A blood-curdling scream pierced the night.  ‘Sasami!’ my mind
immediately thought, recognizing the scream.  I ran towards her room to see
her shaking and shivering on her bed.  "You okay?" I asked kneeling by her
side.  "Yeah…" she stated, "J-Just a bad dream…"  "It’s okay…" I coaxed
kissing her.  She kissed me back.  But there was something different about
this kiss, it didn’t have…I know this sounds stupid…but it didn’t have love…

        Later That Day

        I was watching TV with Sasami.  I swear she was acting different, I
mean, a LOT more cuddly than usual.  "I’m gonna go cook…" she said.  I
nodded as I closed my eyes for a nap.

        I immediately woke up as a cold hand touched my neck.  On instinct,
I grabbed the hand and flipped the person over my shoulder.  Selina stood up
and cracked her neck.  Her skin was a swampy gray color.  "Who are you!?" I
demanded, "Or better question, WHAT are you??"  "You fool, I’m a
shapeshifter." Selina said, "I killed the real Selina and took her shape.
My real name is Minerva.  But I can look like Selina…"  I jumped back as I
transformed.  She closed her eyes, her clothing change, her faced changed,
she shrunk some, and then…she was Sasami.  "Where’s the real Sasami?" I
demanded.  "Don’t worry, I didn’t kill HER…With Washu around, I couldn’t…Her
computer would immediately notice a missing life-sign in the house." Minerva
said becoming her true form. She looked like a gargoyle, exactly like a
gargoyle, all gray, green eyes, wings too…  Her eyes closed and a green
sword materialized in her hand.  "I’m one of the strongest shapeshifters
alive…" she stated, "I’m an Elite Soldier of the shapeshifter army…"  I
pulled my sword at as I rushed at her.  She sidestepped sending me into the
wall.  "FLASH!" she screamed.  A brilliant flash erupted from her sword
blinding me.  ‘Okay, remember my training, use all your other senses…’ I
thought.  I heard a soft step and spun around blocking her sword.  ‘Where is
she?’ I pondered.  I dropped to the ground and sweep kicked her to the
ground.  She backflipped up and slashed at me, but I heard it coming and
blocked.  I opened my eyes.  Still a bright light.  I heard Ryoko’s battle
cry, then Minerva jumping back.  "Thanks Ryoko…" I whispered.  Another cry
was heard, not anyone I know.  SHIT!  Minerva brought reinforcements.  I ran
at the new cry still blind, and then slashed.  The person took out a knife
and rammed it into my arm.  I opened my eyes.  I could see again!  I opened
them just in time to see Ayeka jumping over the couch at Minerva’s backup.
Slowly, I pulled the knife out of my arm, ignoring the searing pain, and
stood up, running with Ryoko at Minerva.  I ran at her, somersaulted over
her, then spun around ramming my sword into her back.  "Ouch." Minerva said,
transforming into Sasami, moving out of the way of the sword, then changing
back.  Her wound was now healed.  "Damn!" Ryoko declared, "We have to kill
her in one blow."  "Decapitation?" I inquired.  She nodded.  Minerva picked
up the sword she dropped when I hit her, and ran at me.  I side-stepped and
she ran towards the wall.  Quickly anticipating, she kicked the wall,
backflipping off of it, flying at my.  I blocked her mid-air attack bringing
her to the ground.  Ayeka was out-flanked by her opponent so Ryoko went over
to help her.  I jumped back from Minerva as she did the same.  She came at
me, and I stepped back again and again away from her attack.  She cornered
me into a wall and knocked the sword out of my hands.  Minerva then rammed
her sword at me, but I dodged so she rammed her sword into the wall.  I
kicked her in the stomach sending her flying without her sword.  Pulling her
sword from the wall I ran at her.  She rolled to the side grabbing a
lamppost for a temporary sword.  I slashed at her, but she twisted my arm
and knocked the sword into the air, then grabbed it.  She slashed at me, but
before it hit me, I rolled to the ground, picked up my sword and blocked the
onslaught of her next attack.  I pushed her off of me and then jumped up.
She slashed!  I blocked!  She swung her sword low, but I jumped up over it
bringing my sword down stabbing my sword through her brain.  She fell to the
ground and her body convulsed as it burst into flames.  "Holy shit, is that
how they always die?" I asked collapsing on the shredded couch.  Ryoko and
Ayeka were both nodding, lying on the floor exhausted.  "I’d better go get
Sasami…" I said walking up to her room.  I heard a ‘MMMFF!’ from the closet
and opened it to reveal a tied and gagged Sasami.  I pulled the gag out off
her mouth and untied her.  "What took you so long?" she hissed as I helped
her up.

        The Next Day

        Sasami and I were cuddling on the new couch.  I didn’t mind, I was
very tired from yesterday.  "I’m glad that we won’t be bothered for a
while…" I yawned as I closed my eyes.  Sasami nodded laying her head on my
shoulder to take a nap along with me.

        Stay Tuned For Part 14-Rescue Mission
