Sasami & Tenchi:
Together At Last
Part 14: Rescue Mission

        Disclaimer: I don’t own any of the characters… Anything not in
Tenchi Muyo
I own.  I do own the idea!  I own Heero_YuyZ, and the Spaceship Sagittarius.
  I also own ‘Hell War’, and the space field.  This is just for fun, so
don’t sue me…

        Part 14 - Rescue Mission

        -Washu-

        I furiously typed away at my computer.  I wanted to take my mind off
of my previous thoughts…Of my son.  I stopped and then it hit me.  "Computer
show info on Kenji Houiji." I stated leaning back.  I glanced at the picture
on the monitor.  "I miss you…" I whispered wiping the tears from my eyes.  I
stood up.  "That’s it, I’m getting you back…" I declared, "Computer,
activate Omega Code 5842: Spaceship Sagittarius."  I slammed my fist down on
a button near the control panel and was immediately teleported to the bridge
of Sagittarius.  "Thrusters at maximum burn!" I yelled bracing myself as we
took off.  I was zooming through space at near speed of light.  I was
getting my son back, and nothing was going to stop me.  Suddenly, the ship
came to a dead stop.  "Asteroid Field ahead, switching to manual driving.  I
walked over to the control panel and again put thrusters at maximum burn.
Left!  Right!  Down!  Left! Up!  Right! Left! Down!  I watched the screen
going through the asteroid field.  I looked down at the controls to turn and
when I looked up a giant asteroid was in front of me.  "COMPUTER!" I
screamed, "FULL STOP!"  The ship slowed but not soon enough.  I was blown
back by the tremendous explosion of the control system.  That was the last
thing I remember before blacking out.

        -Mihoshi-

        "Washu?" I asked walking into her lab.  I walked over to a flashing
screen on her control pad and read it.  I stood there aghast as I read it.
"TENCHI!" I yelled running out of Washu’s lab, "Washu’s ship crashed!
Somewhere in the Alpha Zone Asteroid Field.  Except that asteroid field
still has the mines from the Hell War…"  "I’ll tell Ryoko." he said dropping
his rake, "You and Kiyone take off to the field, we’ll be there as soon as
possible."  I nodded as he ran off.

        -Washu-

        "Ugh…" I moaned putting my hand to my head.  I took it away to see
blood.  "Damn…" I stated, "What happened."  It flashed in my mind.  Hitting
the asteroid.  I looked around.  I would have died if the Sagittarius hadn’t
been equipped with the space field.  It protects me from the sub zero
temperatures and no air even if half of the ship’s side is missing.
"Computer: Damage?" I inquired, "Computer?"  I heard a crack and looked over
to see a crackling cut wire.  Great.  The entire ship had no power.  Stuck
in the middle of an asteroid field with no power, and no food.  I should
have told the others where I was going.  Then I might have had a chance.
The emergency radio!  I ran over to the rubble of the control panel and
found the emergency radio.  "Mayday, mayday, I am trapped in the Alpha Zone
Asteroid Field. .  I have no food, and my space field will only last for 1
more day.  Repeat: Mayday, mayday, I am trapped in the Alpha Zone Asteroid
Field.  I have no food, and my space field will only last for 1 more day." I
said.  Hopefully someone would pick it up.

        -Tenchi-

        "This isn’t going to work!" I yelled slamming my fist on the table
in Ryo-Ohki’s cockpit, "Washu’s ship is faster than ours, it’ll take a week
to get to the Alpha Zone!"  "Hold it!" Ryoko cried as she held up a bottle
of Tobasco Sauce, "Oh Ryo-Ohki… Hungry?"  After Ryo-Ohki ate it was like
going at the speed of light.  "Tenchi!" Mihoshi said transmitting a message
onto the screen, "We’re picking up a distress call…It’s from Washu, we have
to hurry, her space field will only last for 1 more day, and the extra air
supply will only last for 12 hours, from what we’ve estimated."  I nodded as
the screen flashed going back to the open void of space ahead of us.

        1 Day Later

        "We’re not gonna make it!" I yelled.  "Tenchi…" Ryoko said quietly,
"Ryo-Ohki’s going as fast as she can…She’s breaking down at this speed…We
have to slow down!"  I nodded as we slowed down.  ‘Hold on Washu…’ I
thought, ‘Hold on…’

        -Washu-

        I had to move to the contained rooms since the space field was down.
  Damn…  I guess I wasn’t going to make it…  I guess…I wouldn’t see my son
again…  I took down the hologram of the younger me.  If I was gonna die, I’d
die the real me.  Glancing around the room I noticed a picture.  Taking it
down from the shelf I looked over it.  It was me, Kenji, and my husband.  I
heard a low rumbling and felt the ship shake as another ship latched on to
mine.  Another ship!  That would mean the space field would be temporarily
back up!  I pushed the picture into my pocket and ran out into the hallway
to see  Mihoshi and Kiyone bent over at the edge of a bust in the ship.  "We
have to get the hell out of here!" Mihoshi screamed running.  I ran up to
Kiyone.  "You ran into one of the mines from the Hell War…It’s going to blow
soon…Erm…Since I tampered with it…" Kiyone said turning and running.
"Morons…" I mumbled under my breath.  I ran with them to Yagami.  As soon as
we took off a large explosion followed.  I glanced back to see a tidal wave
of fire and debris flying towards us.  "HANG ON!" I yelled bracing myself.

        -Tenchi-

        We saw a brilliant explosion as a line of mines went off.  A tidal
wave of fire and debris was flying towards, and in the center, the Yagami.
"Um…Ryo-Ohki, lets get the hell out of here!" Ryoko yelled.  We spent about
15 minutes in that explosion.  And then, it was over.  Ryoko put the screen
to where the explosion originated.  Nothing…The entire asteroid field was
gone…  The screen flashed revealing a picture of Washu.  "I’m sending the
quardinates of my original destination…We’re going there now…" she declared.
  I nodded seeing it wasn’t worth arguing.  The screen went black as the
picture of her disappeared.  I went over to the control panel and looked
over the path.  She was insane!  This path was a clear cut across
shapeshifter,  and Minaven *Sworn enemies who hate the religion of Tsunami*
territory!  This was insane!  Pure insanity.  The screen once again flashed
as it showed a picture of the Yagami taking off.  "Wait…Oh um shit…Um,
Ryo-Ohki follow!" I ordered.  "MRAOOWWW!" Ryo-Ohki meowed in compliance as
she took off.

        Stay Tuned For Part 15 - Across The Deadly Plain
