This is part One-

                Sasami's Parents - Part I

        Sasami was sleeping peacefully in her bed at the Masaki shrine.  She
was having a wonderful dream she had had a few times before, but never quite
as vivid.  Her dream was like this:
    She was walking through the streets of Tokyo with two adults.
    "Mommy." she said to one of them.
    "Daddy." she said to the other.  All three of them were having lots
of
fun.  Riding on the shoulder of "Mommy" was Ryo-ohki, their pet cabbit.
    "Meow!" Ryo-ohki said.

    Sasami woke up.  She remembered her dream very well. Except what the
people in her dream looked like.  All she knew was that they were not her
real parents.  Or maybe her real parents were the ones in the dream?  She
had
a strong feeling they were.
    "Washu?" she said, coming down the stairs.  "I had the dream
again, and
I remember."
    "Oh, I see." Washu replied.  "Let me hook this machine up to your
head,
Sasami."
    "You planned this, didn't you?" Ryoko said from the breakfast
table.
    Everyone in the house gathered around Washu's machine, wondering what
all
the fuss was about.  Washu explained everything to them.
    "Now, just a second." Ayeka said.  "I know for sure Sasami is my
sister
and that she has the same parents that I do.  I know it."
    "Technically, they are your parents, Ayeka, because I remmeber tracing
your family tree, but I never tested Sasami, assuming that she was your
sister." Washu replied.
    "Oh, I see."
    "Now let's run this machine."
    A blurry picture of Sasami and her "parents" from the dream appeared
on
the computer screen.  It was impossible to tell who the "parents" were,
but
Ryo-ohki and Sasami were visible.  Suddenly, a message flashed across the
screen.
    "Oh." Washu said thoughtfully.  "Oh, it appears that the people in
the
dream are Sasami's true parents, and the dream is a memory of her true
past."  Everyone was very surprised.
    "And..." Washu continued.  "And it seems that the two people are
in this
room now.
    Everyone started suspecting people.
