Sasami and Hoku
Non-Lemon
Sasami is my second favorite Anime character, next to Ryoko. I've 
always tried to write a Fan Fiction about Ryoko and Tenchi falling in 
love with each other but I can never get the story right, so I decided 
to write one about Sasami. This story is placed in the future where 
Ryoko and Tenchi are married an have a cyan haired, golden-eyed 
daughter named Akiko (she's 7), Washu's still there in her lab, Nobyuki 
and Yosho are still around, Ayeka went back to Jurai to become Empress 
and is happily married to a man named Asatakae, and Mihoshi and Kiyone 
are detectives at Galaxy Headquarters. Now, Sasami is now 15 and Ayeka 
is coming for one of her yearly visits, but who is the young boy with 
her? 
Signed,
The BatCat

Chapter 1: Hoku.
Sasami woke up and immediately remembered that her sister was coming to 
stay for a month. Sasami jumped out of bed and put on her favorite 
green Jurai dress, tied her hair back in her long braid, then ran into 
Akiko's room to get the little one dressed. When she got there, Ryoko 
was already in there, helping her into her blue dress (like Sasami's), 
and looking beautiful in her own purple one and a black cat's tail. 
Tenchi came up behind Sasami wearing his usual clothes and patted her 
on the head. "Good morning Sasami, sleep well?" he asked. She nodded 
and then Akiko, who was flying over to her, tackled her with her best 
bear hug. "Good morning Auntie Sasami!" she cried and floated back to 
her mom so she put her black cat's tail on. Sasami giggled as Ryo-Ohki 
jumped up onto her head and meowed. "Good morning Ryo-Ohki, I'm going 
to make breakfast, come with me!" she cried and ran down the stairs 
with the little cabbit hanging on tight. Tenchi, Akiko, and Ryoko 
followed her down the steps and then Akiko went into Washu's lab for 
her schooling. Washu had started schooling her when she was young so 
that Akiko would be able to go to high school prepared. Akiko also 
trained with her father in Jurai sword fighting. She was very smart for 
her age and seemed to enjoy both school and Jurai swordplay. Akiko also 
inherited Ryoko's powers, and Washu had told everyone that when she 
gets older, Akiko will have the power of all three gems without 
actually having them because when she was born, Ryoko had all three. 
Tenchi had been worried though. He had been worried that Akiko wouldn't 
last as long as her parents would, but Washu had told him that she 
would turn out the same way they would, eternal life with eternal 
youth. Sasami was already steaming the rice by the time they had all 
gotten downstairs. "It's going to be great to see Ayeka again." Said 
Ryoko as she got out some other things to help Sasami make breakfast. 
"Yes, we haven't seen her in a whole year. Do you know when she's 
arriving Sasami?" Tenchi asked as he set the table. 
"Yes, she'll be arriving at around dinner time, she told me that she's 
going to stay the whole month." Said Sasami excitedly. Ayeka was now 
the Empress of Jurai and could only visit one or twice a year, although 
Ayeka was very far away, her and Sasami were still very close. Suddenly 
Washu burst through the door of her lab. "Everyone, in here, come look 
at what Akiko's doing!" she cried happily. Washu still looked the exact 
same except for she now looked Sasami's age instead of twelve. They all 
followed the scientist into the lab. When they got over to the small 
corner Washu used for schooling Akiko, they all stopped dead in their 
tracks. Akiko was doing Algebra on the black board, and almost high 
school level Algebra. "I didn't think she'd be able to handle that now, 
but she can, and she's excelling in every subject, she's going to wiz 
through high school if she keeps this up!" cried Washu excitedly. Ryoko 
walked over to her daughter along with Tenchi and watched as she did 
four problems in the 40 seconds that they were standing there. "Wow, 
how far is she in all of her other subjects now Washu?" asked Tenchi 
with amazement.
"High school level, and if she was in high school, she'd be getting 
straight A pluses." Said Washu as her and Sasami strolled over. Sasami 
stared as the little kid did about 15 more then floated over to her 
history book and started reading. "She's almost as smart as Sasami is!" 
cried Washu with excitement. Sasami had stopped her schooling at age 13 
because she could hold in so much information. Akiko could absorb 
information like a sponge because of something Washu put into Ryoko 
while she was pregnant. That also caused her to learn about and use her 
abilities sooner. Sasami was also gaining abilities quickly. Tsunami 
was starting to slowly seep into her. When she was 16, she would almost 
be a goddess. Washu kept talking about all of the tests she wanted to 
run on Sasami when she was fully assimilated with Tsunami. Sasami 
sighed a happy sigh as she watched the kid flip through book, reading 
at a pace faster than the fastest book reader. "Okay, well I'm going to 
finish breakfast. Keep up the good work Akiko!" called Sasami from the 
doorway as Ryo-Ohki jumped off her head and ran to the kitchen. "Thank 
you Auntie!" cried the little kid. Ryoko and Tenchi came out moments 
later to help Sasami and toddler Ryo-Ohki. 
	The excitement inside Sasami grew as she watched her sister's 
large ship being put into subspace by one of Washu's inventions. Sasami 
waited patiently as Ayeka, her blue haired, green eyed husband 
Asatakae, her two guards Cero, he had green hair and green eyes, and 
Kendal, he had black hair and gray eyes, plus one hansom young man 
about Sasami's age with short mushroom cut blonde hair, and 
extraordinarily blue eyes clad in the latest Jurai fashion came down in 
the blue transport beam, along with all of the luggage contained in one 
large box, and several smaller ones. Washu immediately had their 
luggage brought by several androids up the stairs to the third floor of 
the Masaki family house (added on for guests). Then, the greetings 
began. Hugs and kisses were given out until finally, the party was 
ready to go inside for the large dinner Sasami had made. Suddenly, as 
they were walking in, Sasami remembered the young man. She looked 
around and saw him standing next to Kendal. "Oh my! I cannot believe my 
rudeness, this is Hoku everyone. He is the brother of Cero, he has come 
along to meet all of you." Said Ayeka suddenly, as if she'd read 
Sasami's mind. Hoku walked around and shook hands, gave bows, and 
learned names. When he got to Sasami he bowed low and blushed. "My name 
is Hoku, it is a great pleasure to finally make your acquaintance 
Princess Sasami, her Majesty talks about you almost nonstop, you two 
must be very close." He stuttered out and righted himself. When he did, 
Sasami got a good look at him and found that he had a dark green 
marking on his forehead shaped like a small V.
"No need to use titles here Hoku, you may just call everyone by their 
names. Oh, and it is a pleasure to meet you also." Said Sasami 
politely, bowing also. "Um, if I may ask, is that a real Tsunami 
blessing?" asked Akiko from behind. 
"Yes." He said quietly. Suddenly, everyone got a little closer and 
nodded their heads, but it was Washu who got the closest. "Hmmm, very 
interesting." Said the scientist as she looked closely at the boy's 
forehead.
"Well, now that that's done, let's eat!" cried Ryoko. Everyone went 
inside to have dinner and soon forgot all about the boy's blessing and 
ate until their heart's content. After dinner, everyone went into the 
living room to chat. Hoku sat next to Tenchi who was asking him 
questions about his sword fighting style. Sasami walked over and sat 
next to Hoku on the other side and listened to their conversation 
intently, trying to see if she might be able to get in a word or two, 
she got her chance when Tenchi paused to sip his tea. "So Hoku, when 
were you blessed?" she asked, making Hoku blush.
"When I was very young." He said shyly.
"Can you generate any Light Hawk Wings?" asked Tenchi, interested in 
the boy's abilities. "I can, but I only generate them when I need to, 
which isn't very often." He said calmly.
"So you can generate them whenever you want?" asked Sasami.
"Yes." He said shyly.
"How many can you generate?" asked Tenchi. Suddenly, Sasami realized 
that everyone was now giving Hoku his or her full attention. Sasami had 
to pinch her hand a little to keep from laughing at the boy's shyness. 
"Um, well, I can generate 5." He stuttered, blushing under everyone's 
gaze. Cero looked proudly at his little brother and patted him on the 
head, while everyone, except for Ayeka and her traveling partners, 
stared in amazement. "Wow, 5! That's a lot." Said Washu with 
excitement. Hoku blushed and smiled, a bit proud of himself. Suddenly, 
Akiko appeared behind him. "Hey, may I see them, please?" she asked 
eagerly, flying around to the front of him. Ryoko appeared and grabbed 
her by her tail. "Hey kiddo, slow down, let the kid breathe." She said 
with a laugh.
"I would like to see them also." Said Sasami with an excited smile. 
Hoku blushed and looked down. "Hey, come on Hoku, show the people what 
my little brother can do." Said Cero, with a proud tone in his voice.
"Um, okay, but I need some room, so let's go outside." He said shyly. 
Everyone followed him outside. "I'm not very good with them yet." He 
said as he walked down the steps of the porch to go stand near the 
lake's shore. Yosho was also outside with them, and Sasami saw some 
sort of hint that he was excited. Sasami turned her attention back to 
the boy who now had his eyes closed. She watched with amazement as his 
blessing glowed brightly and then a blue flash occurred and there stood 
Hoku, in all his glory. He was now wearing a battle uniform similar to 
Tenchi's and his eyes were still closed. In front of him were four blue 
shields, one in front of each leg, and the other two in front of each 
arm. In his right hand, he had a white sword that was as big as the one 
Tenchi had used years ago. Sasami cheered along with everyone else as 
Hoku did his best to move the shields around, as if things were being 
thrown at him. Then, he stood still and his blessing glowed again. 
Another blue flash occurred and Hoku was back to normal. Everyone 
clapped, except for Washu who was busily typing away on her floating 
computer. Hoku took a small bow and then walked back inside with 
everyone else. Then Washu proceeded to drill him with all sorts of 
questions. She even begged him to let her take blood samples, hair 
samples, all of the samples you could think of. He blushed and agreed 
to do a few tests. So, Washu ran in her lab then came back out with a 
box. Everyone watched as Washu took a small hair sample, then a blood 
sample, and a skin sample (that hurt him a bit), and finally a nail 
sample. When she'd finished playing with her newest guinea pig, she ran 
back into her lab to run tests, leaving Hoku tired and annoyed. Sasami 
went over to talk to him after Washu left and she noticed that his 
annoyance seemed to fade away and be replaced by a bit of shyness. 

Chapter 2: The Onsen, and the Duel.
The next morning, Sasami served everyone breakfast. (Let's just say 
their all wearing their normal clothes, and Akiko and Ryoko have one 
their tails, okay?) As the meal ended, Sasami became increasingly aware 
that someone was watching her. She looked around the table and then her 
and Hoku's eyes locked. He turned back to his food, his face beet red. 
Moments later, the meal was over and the dishes cleared, so everyone 
sat down to chat. Hoku seemed to be fidgeting a lot, and Sasami 
couldn't help but giggle at how nervous he looked. Hoku blushed and 
looked around. Suddenly, he stood up and walked over to Tenchi. 
Everyone stopped talking and stared as the young man bowed low in 
respect. "Tenchi, it would be a great honor for me if you would have a 
duel with me." He said, looking for an answer in Tenchi's eyes. Tenchi 
smirked. 
"Sure, when?" he asked. 
"In one hour, by the lake?" Hoku asked, suddenly nervous again.
"Sure." Said Tenchi happily. Hoku bowed again and then went to go sit 
back down. Sasami was in awe. Over the years, Tenchi's skill had gotten 
so high it almost matched that of his grandfather's, Hoku would have no 
chance. He must be either very stupid, or very brave to ask Tenchi for 
a duel. Thought Sasami as she sipped her tea. Suddenly, toddler Ryo-
Ohki and Akiko jumped up and clapped their hands for attention. "Ryo-
Ohki and I have a trick we learned that we would like to show you." 
Said Akiko. Everyone smiled and paid close attention to the little 
performers. First, Ryo-Ohki turned into a crystal, and then it split 
into five separate crystals. Akiko helped Ryo-Ohki place 4 of them in a 
square, and then the 5th one in the middle. Then, as they floated in mid 
air, Akiko generated a small energy ball, and then she shot it out 
gently at the middle one. It bounced off and hit another, then it 
bounced and hit the middle one, and then it hit another and another, 
and another, going faster and faster. Finally, Akiko positioned herself 
in the right spot and put her hand out. "Okay Ryo-Ohki, now!" She cried 
and Ryo-Ohki let the ball fly at Akiko, who caught it in another larger 
ball and then let it disappear with a small "Pop!" Toddler Ryo-Ohki and 
Akiko took their bows, and absorbed their praises.
	An hour later, Tenchi and Hoku stood across from one another, 
each had a bokken in their right hand. The rest of the party stood on 
the porch to watch. Tenchi and Hoku bowed to one another then took 
fighting stances. Tenchi attacked first by locking Hoku in a bokken to 
bokken block. He's stronger than he looks, I'd better get out of this 
block or I'll waist all my strength. Tenchi thought as he looped his 
bokken out of the lock. Then, Hoku ran at Tenchi and jumped over his 
head, landing easily on his feet on the other side of Tenchi, Hoku 
easily swiped Tenchi's legs with his bokken, but missed. Tenchi jumped 
out of the way just in time and then lunged at Hoku and started 
whacking at him. Hoku blocked each attack easily and then jumped back 
to avoid the last one. Then, he ran at Tenchi and did another overhead 
flip, and hit Tenchi's bokken out of his hands. When Hoku landed, 
Tenchi lunged for his bokken just as the young man came running at him. 
Tenchi acted quickly and blocked the kid's attack. Hoku strained and 
then got out of the lock. Tenchi then ran at him and Hoku jumped to the 
side and rolled out of the way. Tenchi laughed as the boy stood up, 
dirty like a pig. Hoku blushed and ran at Tenchi who easily blocked the 
attack and strained, then threw the kid backwards. Hoku landed hard on 
his back, but recovered quickly. Tenchi smirked and ran again, Hoku ran 
at Tenchi with his bokken raised up, then he drove in into the ground 
and used it to poll volt over Tenchi's head. Hoku then grabbed his 
bokken and ran at Tenchi again. Tenchi jumped over him and did a flip 
in the air, and at the same time, carefully looped his bokken around 
the boy's chest, knocking him flat. Tenchi ran over to him and hit him 
lightly on the chest with his bokken. Everyone cheered for Tenchi and 
went inside as Tenchi helped the dirty kid up. Hoku looked at Tenchi 
and realized that Tenchi had no dirt on him what so ever, but he had 
been covered with it. "How about a bath at the onsen, you know where it 
is, right?" Tenchi asked. Hoku nodded.
 "Good, fight, excellent victory Tenchi, you're very skilled." He said, 
bowing.
"So are you Hoku, and very fast." He said, bowing to him.
	Hoku sat in the onsen water and finished cleaning himself. I 
wonder if Sasami was impressed with me? He thought. Suddenly, he heard 
a splash and a giggle. Hoku froze. Who else is in here? He thought, 
praying that it wasn't any of the women in the house. "Ah, that's 
better." Said Washu from above him. Hoku ducked down in the water and 
put the trunks he'd brought with him on. "Yeah, that was some battle, 
eh Ryoko?" asked Sasami. 
"Ah, I love it here." Said Ayeka. Oh no, her majesty! He thought 
worriedly. He shifted his position in the hopes to leave without anyone 
seeing him, but Ryoko had heard him. "Hey, did you guys hear something, 
hold on." She said. Hoku prayed and closed his eyes. Ryoko appeared 
behind him and laughed. "Oh, hello Hoku, it's okay, I'm covered." She 
said, laughing at how red the boy's face was. He turned around and 
opened his eyes, and then he blushed again. Ryoko was wearing a blue 
bikini, her daughter and Ryo-Ohki were next to her, and Akiko was 
wearing a one-piece red suit, and so was toddler Ryo-Ohki. "I'm sorry I 
disturbed you, Tenchi said I could wash up here, I had no idea you were 
here, I apologize." He said, and bowed. Ryoko laughed.
"It's okay, come on up." She said. She put a hand on his shoulder and 
teleported him to the pool while her daughter teleported Ryo-Ohki. Hoku 
blushed again. Washu, Ayeka, and Sasami were in the onsen. Ayeka was 
wearing a white one-piece, Sasami was wearing a pink bikini, and Washu 
was wearing a red bikini. Hoku bowed. "Your Majesty, Sasami, Washu." He 
said. The women giggled. "Come in Hoku, it's all right, there's plenty 
of room, and the others will be here in a minute so you won't have to 
be the only boy." Said Sasami with a smile. Hoku blushed and sat down 
next to her. As Sasami had said, the rest of the men came in wearing 
black swim trunks like Hoku's. Tenchi sat with Ryoko and Akiko, 
Asatakae sat with Ayeka and Cero and Kendal sat with Washu and Ryo-
Ohki.
	Sasami took a quick look at Hoku. Wow, he's so hansom. She 
thought, blushing and looking away.
	Hoku took a quick look at Sasami and blushed beet red. She's so 
beautiful, even when her hair is up in those buns, she still looks 
gorgeous. He thought, blushing till he was almost crimson. "Hoku, are 
you all right, is the water to hot?" asked Ayeka with concern.
"No, I'm fine thank you." He said nervously, straining not to blush. It 
didn't work. He heard Sasami let out a small giggle that she'd 
obviously tried to suppress but failed to. Hoku looked at her with a 
weak smile and then turned away and tried to sit up straighter. He felt 
like everyone was watching him, he always felt like that around pretty 
girls. He felt like he was in a glass box and everyone was watching 
him, waiting for him to mess up. Calm down Hoku, no one is staring at 
you. He thought, trying to make his face stop blushing. It worked for 
the most part because he felt his face feeling a little cooler. He 
sighed and leaned back, closing his eyes and listening to the 
conversations going on around him, content that no one was talking to 
him or about him for that matter. Suddenly, he felt something on his 
shoulder; he opened his eyes and looked over into two amber eyes. He 
stifled a scream when he realized it was just cabbit Ryo-Ohki playing 
with his hair. He smiled and patted the little fur ball on the head. It 
meowed and he laughed and picked it up. Ryo-Ohki meowed and wagged its 
little puff of a tail. Suddenly, it licked his face and he laughed 
again. He suddenly realized he was feeling more and more comfortable. 
He took a quick look around and realized that everyone was looking at 
him with a smile on his or her face. He ignored them and let the cabbit 
sit on his head. Then he wiggled his fingers in front of her face and 
laughed as she batted at them with her little paw. Suddenly, the cabbit 
jumped over to Sasami's head. He looked over and laughed as the cabbit 
played with Sasami's wiggling fingers. Then, he blushed again when 
Sasami smiled at him. He smiled back and patted the cabbit on the head. 
"I'm going to go take a swim in the lake, want to come Hoku?" asked 
Sasami. He blushed. 
"Um, okay." He said nervously. Sasami smiled and got out.
"Anyone care to join us?" asked Sasami. Akiko was about to say 
something but Ryoko tickled her so she couldn't. "No, you two go on, 
and don't worry about lunch Sasami, Kendal is a good cook." Said Ayeka 
as she helped Ryoko tickle the giggling little girl. "Okay, see you 
later." Said Sasami as her and Hoku walked away. Hoku bowed to everyone 
and followed her.
	Ryoko watched as they left. "He so likes her!" she cried when 
they were gone. "I know." Said Ayeka.
"What do you mean?" asked Ryoko.
"That's the real reason he came here, was to see Sasami. He's had a 
crush on her since the first time he saw her in a parade we had once." 
She said smiling.
Sasami ran down to the water and dove in while Hoku followed 
close behind. They swam around for a while, getting used to the water, 
then Sasami suddenly splashed Hoku. Hoku looked bewildered as she 
splashed him lightly again and laughed. Hoku smiled and splashed her 
back, but she ducked under the water and avoided it. Hoku looked around 
but couldn't see her. Suddenly she popped up behind him and splashed 
him with a ton of water. Hoku laughed and ducked under the water to 
avoid her bombard of water. Then he popped back up and splashed her 
with even more water. Sasami laughed and ducked down into the water. He 
paused for a minute, waiting for her attack, but she just popped up and 
took her hair down. "That's better." She said, tossing her bun covers 
to the shore. Hoku blushed at how pretty she looked, and then he came 
to and splashed her. She laughed and splashed back. "Hey, I'll race you 
to shore." Sasami said, a devilish smile on her face. "Um, okay." He 
said.
"Okay, go!" she cried and took off like a rocket. Hoku smirked and 
caught up with her easily. Then he ducked under the water and swam as 
fast as he could. He came out and faced the winner. "I win." Said 
Sasami with a smile. Hoku laughed and they went inside to change. 
	Moments later, Sasami and Hoku were eating lunch alone while 
everyone else had gone back to the onsen for another soak. "So Sasami, 
why did you want to stay on earth?" Hoku asked nervously as Sasami 
sipped her tea. 
"Well, I'm not really into that political stuff, and my place is here, 
it always has been." She said calmly, watching her tea. 
"Oh. I've always wanted to come here, ever since I heard about it." He 
said, sipping his own tea. Sasami watched as he set down his tea, his 
hands shaking, his face blushing. "Hoku, are you all right?" she asked 
concerned.
"Huh?" he asked, a sort of dazed look on his face.
"Are you all right?" she asked again.
"Yes, why do you ask?"
"Well, you look flushed and your hands are shaking." 
"Oh, I'm okay, really." He said nervously, putting his hands in his lap 
to hide their shaking. Sasami looked at him skeptically, but then 
turned back to her tea. He stood up and helped her clear the dishes. 
They stood next to each other and washed cups and plates at the sink. 
Hoku had just finished a cup and was going for anything else in the 
soapy water, Sasami was doing the same. Suddenly, Hoku froze, so did 
Sasami, they brought their hands out of the water, they were holding 
each other's hands. Hoku blushed. "I'm sorry." He said quickly and 
pulled his hand away. Sasami blushed and smiled, then turned back to 
washing dishes.
	That night at dinner, Hoku kept looking at Sasami. She's so kind, 
and beautiful, and just so, so. Hoku was suddenly broken from his 
thoughts when Ryo-Ohki jumped on his head. Hoku smiled and handed a 
carrot to the cabbit. It meowed and hopped away with its prize. Hoku 
laughed as the cabbit consumed the entire carrot at a faster then 
normal pace, then hopped away. Hoku smiled and looked away, then he 
caught Sasami's gaze. They stared at each other, and then Hoku blushed 
and looked away.

Chapter 3: 1st Kiss, 2nd Kiss
The next two weeks progressed with only a few minor incidents; 
Sasami had tripped over something and was falling. Hoku was standing 
next to her and caught her in his arms before she fell. Then, Hoku and 
Sasami were left home alone in the house because everyone was at the 
onsen, and Sasami had accidentally dropped some soy sauce on the floor 
and was bending over to pick the bottle up when Hoku did the same and 
grabbed her hand on accident. Last, Sasami and Hoku were at the onsen 
with the others, when Sasami had accidentally slipped on the edge of 
the pool while getting out, and Hoku had caught her in his arms again. 
After the two weeks were over, Sasami was head over heels for the kind, 
shy, hansom Jurai male. Every chance she got to be alone with him, she 
took it so they could talk. Sasami couldn't stop thinking about him. 
This is the first boy that I've ever, well loved, I mean I liked 
Tenchi, but that was it. She thought helplessly as she cooked breakfast 
the first morning of Ayeka's third week in Masaki family home. 
Suddenly, she heard someone behind her. "Sasami?" said Hoku. She turned 
and smiled. 
"Yes Hoku, what do you need?" she asked, smoothing her green dress. He 
blushed and smiled. "Well, Ryoko told me that you wanted to see me." He 
said shyly.
"Well, I didn't ask for you." She said, looking at Ryoko who was 
peeking her head in. Sasami giggled. "Why don't you cut the carrots." 
She said, pointing to the knife and the carrots. He smiled and did what 
he was told. While Hoku chopped, Sasami watched. I wonder if knows how 
to cook? She thought, seeing how good he was with the knife. "Hoku, do 
you cook?" she asked. She'd asked so suddenly that the knife slipped in 
Hoku's hand, cutting his thumb. He yelped and looked at his thumb with 
a pitiful look on his face. "Oh dear! I'm sorry, I shouldn't have 
distracted you, here run it under the water for a minute." She said 
sympathetically, turning on the faucet. He did as she instructed while 
she got out some antibacterial and a band-aid. She walked back over to 
Hoku and put the medicine on his thumb, and then she put the band-aid 
on it. "I'm sorry Hoku." She said and held his hand, not realizing it. 
"It's okay Sasami." He said shyly. Sasami blushed and let go of his 
hand. She didn't look at him throughout breakfast or lunch.
	Hoku sat next to Sasami on the couch that night after dinner. She 
had asked him if he wanted to see a movie she'd seen a while ago that 
night, so now he sat there, blushing beet red as they watched the 
movie. No one else was in the house because they were all at the onsen, 
so they were alone, which for some reason, Hoku didn't think was a very 
good idea, he didn't know why, but he didn't like it. He had always 
been nervous around girls, but Sasami made him so nervous, he had to 
pinch himself to keep from shaking. He'd fallen in love with the minute 
he'd seen her. He didn't know why, but he'd always been drawn to her. 
And now, when he'd gotten to meet her and talk to her, he was nervous! 
Why am I always so nervous around girls, what is wrong with me? He 
thought desperately as he tried to concentrate on the movie.
	Washu turned on the viewing screen as the eager watchers stood 
behind her. "Perfect, they think we're at the onsen, so now we can 
watch them undetected!" cried Washu happily as the others crowded 
around the screen that had just come into focus. Sasami and Hoku were 
sitting on the couch watching the movie. Hoku looked nervous and kept 
on blushing, while Sasami was just blushing. Washu smiled and watched 
as they evening progressed, her eager watchers behind her.
	Hoku sighed and got more comfortable. The movie was kind of 
boring, but it was filled with special effects. Suddenly, he became 
aware that Sasami was now closer to him. He shifted his position and 
tried to concentrate on the movie. Suddenly, she was a bit closer. He 
took a quick look at her; she was now no more than a foot from him. He 
shifted again, in the attempt to get more comfortable. He heard her 
move closer, and then closer, until her leg was about one inch from 
his. He began to sweat a bit, his face reddening. "Hoku." She said 
quietly. He gulped and looked over. He was staring into two large, 
pink, beautiful eyes. He sweated more, his face got redder and he 
gulped again. Their eyes were locked; he couldn't look away from those 
large, luminous pink eyes. Then he realized that his face was so close 
to hers, if he moved at all, their heads would bump together. 
	Everyone in the lab held their breath as the two figures on the 
couch moved closer and closer until their faces were almost touching.
	Hoku gulped and stared on. If I go through with this, if I kiss 
her, it will be my first kiss; do I want to do this? Yes. He thought, 
trying to make his body react to his mind. Sasami was looking at him 
expectantly. He took a chance and put his hand on her cheek. She smiled 
and closed her eyes as he leaned in to kiss her. Their lips met and 
Hoku felt her kiss back. I did it! He thought, for once not feeling 
nervous. Suddenly, she put her arms around his waist, he was a bit 
nervous now, but did the same. They held for what seemed like forever. 
Hoku didn't want to pull away, but he sort of needed to breath. Sasami 
pulled away first and looked at him with a soft smile. He smiled back 
and held her still. "Hoku, I love you." She said softly. He almost had 
to slap himself to get his mouth to respond. "I love you too, Sasami." 
He responded quietly. She smiled and kissed him again. The action took 
him by surprise, but he kissed back, enjoying his second kiss with the 
one he loved.
	Everyone in the lab cheered quietly as the young couple kissed on 
the couch. "Way to go little bro." Said Cero; proud that his brother 
had put aside his shyness for the one he loved. Everyone cheered 
quietly again as they told each other their feelings for one another, 
and then Ryoko hooted quietly as Sasami kissed him forcefully again.
	Sasami finally pulled away and smiled again. Hoku smiled back at 
her. She let him go and leaned back. She had to stifle a laugh, as he 
looked nervous but leaned back also. Sasami almost had to pinch herself 
when he tensed up as she put her head on his shoulder. She smiled up at 
his sweet face and watched it soften. She brought her legs up on the 
couch and used his shoulder as a sort of pillow. She smiled happily as 
he put his arm around her shoulder and leaned his head on hers.

Chapter 4: The Catch.
	The next morning, Hoku woke up and realized he was lying on the 
couch. He didn't know why he was there at first, and then he looked at 
the TV. It was still on; they had fallen asleep on the couch. He looked 
down, Sasami had her head on is chest and her hands were under her 
head. He smiled and stroked her cheek to wake her up. She opened her 
eyes and looked around. Then, she looked at Hoku and smiled. He helped 
her sit up then sat up himself. He stretched and yawned, she did the 
same. Suddenly, he realized that Sasami was holding his hand. He looked 
at her and they kissed again. He pulled away and stroked her soft hair. 
"I think I'm going to take a dip in the onsen and then go change, are 
you coming with me?" she asked, getting up and heading for the stairs. 
He smiled and walked over to her. She smiled back and they walked up 
the stairs, as Sasami was about to go into her room to change, Hoku 
held her hand. She turned around and smiled, then she stood on her 
tiptoes and kissed him again. He put his arms around her and they 
kissed in the hall for a few moments. Finally, Hoku pulled away and 
smiled. Then he walked upstairs to his and his brother's room to 
change. 
	Ryoko and Tenchi woke up in the morning and lay in bed for a 
while just looking at each other. When they finally got up, they got 
dressed. As Ryoko turned to leave, Tenchi grabbed her around the waist 
and spun her around so suddenly, she had to laugh. They kissed in their 
room for a while then went down stairs to make breakfast. 
	Hoku and Sasami sat in the onsen. Sasami had her head on Hoku's 
shoulder and Hoku was holding her. They sat there for a long time, and 
then, Sasami and Hoku's stomach grumbled. They laughed and got out to 
have breakfast. After changing, Hoku waited for Sasami to come out of 
her room. She came out shortly, wearing her favorite green dress. Her 
hair was down and shimmered when she walked. Hoku smiled, clad in 
casual Jurai wear, and took her hand as they walked down the stairs to 
breakfast. When they got to the kitchen, everyone was already there, 
staring at them. Hoku felt his face grow hot. Why are they staring at 
us like that? He thought, looking around the table at all of the eager 
faces. "How was the movie?" asked Ryoko looking at them both with a sly 
smile. "It was okay." Said Sasami quickly. The two of them sat next to 
each other at the table and ate quietly. 
Sasami looked around and saw her sister staring at her with an 
expectant look on her face. Sasami gulped and looked over at Hoku. He 
was blushing and looking down at his food with a weird look on his 
face. She touched his hand and he looked at her and smiled. She smiled 
back and continued to eat. Suddenly Akiko appeared next to her and made 
kissing noises then disappeared quickly and sat back down in her spot. 
Sasami blushed and then realized something that made her blood start to 
boil. They weren't at the onsen! They were watching us! She thought 
angrily. She stood up and looked around the table. "You were watching 
us weren't you?" she asked, trying to keep the cold edge out of her 
voice. She heard Hoku stand up next to her; she looked up at him and 
saw that he was blushing. Then she looked at everyone again. "Yes we 
were, in my lab with a special camera." Said Washu, her mouth full of 
rice. Sasami tried to control her anger. "Why?" Sasami asked simply. 
"Well, we couldn't very well leave two teenagers alone, now could we?" 
said Ryoko with an "I know what teenagers are like" look on her face. 
Sasami sighed and sat back down, feeling defeated. Hoku sat down next 
to her and she felt better just because he was there. After breakfast, 
they were torn apart, Hoku was dragged away by the guys so they could 
ask him questions about the night before, Sasami was dragged into her 
room by the girls. "What was it like?" Akiko asked eagerly, Ryoko 
grabbed her by the tail and dragged her down to sit in her lap. Sasami 
blushed as she looked around the room at all of the women in front of 
her. "I have to go, Kiyone and Mihoshi are coming today and I have to 
make a big lunch." Said Sasami, trying desperately to get away. She 
stood up and walked out by Ayeka touched her leg to stop her. "Sasami, 
what are you going to do when we have to return to Jurai?" asked Ayeka 
with concern. Sasami froze, her heart beating faster. I can't live a 
day without him. What am I going to do? I can't go back to Jurai. 
They'll only be here for another seven days! She thought desperately. 
"I'm not sure." She choked out, trying to keep from breaking down and 
crying. She walked downstairs and started to cut carrots for lunch.
	Hoku sat in the middle of the Tenchi's room; the boys had 
surrounded him and were staring at him expectantly. "Well, what are you 
going to do when we have to return to Jurai?" asked Cero. Hoku's heart 
wretched in his chest. 
"I don't know, I don't think I could stand to be away from her, but mom 
and dad would never let me stay here, especially with what they call a 
"fugitive princess"." He added dryly. Cero patted his back with 
sympathy. "What am I going to do without her? I love her too much, I'm 
having trouble being away from her right now!" he cried in frustration. 
Why did his happiness always have to have a catch? Everything that made 
him happy either ended too soon, or it had some sort of catch, like 
having to pay for a roller coaster. He'd pay any price, just to stay 
with her, but if he did stay, his parents would just come and take him 
home right away. "Hey Hoku." Tenchi said quietly. Hoku looked at him 
and tried to hold back the tears that were already flowing down his 
cheeks. "Why don't you marry her?" Tenchi asked.
"If I do, she'll be forced to go to Jurai because my parents will take 
me home, and I can't make her go somewhere she doesn't want to go, I 
just can't do that to her."
"Well, why don't you get engaged and then the next time you come back, 
you two can get married."
"Um, Tenchi, Hoku I'm sorry to burst your bubble but Hoku is engaged." 
Cero said carefully. Hoku looked at him, and for the first time, his 
face flushed with anger instead of shyness. "WHAT!?!" Hoku yelled 
angrily, his hands in fists.
"Well, it was an arranged marriage, Dad did it, and Mom agreed. I 
didn't tell you right away because I wanted to try and stop it, but I 
couldn't. So, I was going to tell you on the way here, but I could 
never find the right time, you were so excited about seeing Sasami, I 
just couldn't crush that, so I figured I'd let you have your happiness 
with her, then I'd tell you on the way home, I'm sorry." Cero said, his 
head down. Hoku sighed, he couldn't very well be mad at him. "Who is 
it?" Hoku asked, calming down.
"Kai."
"No!"
"Yes."
"Anyone but her!" Hoku cried. He put his head in his hands, trying not 
to think of that pink haired, blue-eyed demon. "Who's Kai?" Tenchi 
asked with concern. Hoku lifted his head up and sighed. "She's got long 
pink hair, ice blue eyes, she's beautiful, nothing compared to my 
Sasami, but she's pretty. The only problem with her is, she's only 14, 
and, she's so proper, nothing fazes her, she's dull, and she has the 
hugest crush on me. The only time she breaks her proper image, is to 
jump me, when no one else is around, it's a nightmare!" Hoku cried. 
Tenchi laughed a bit, remembering how Ryoko was. "She sounds like a 
pretty grabby young lady." Tenchi said with a laugh. 
"You don't know the half of it. And the worst part is, no one believes 
what I tell them, they always side with her. She's such a good liar its 
like she's been practicing. And, she always makes it look like I was 
the one putting the moves on her." He said, getting annoyed at the 
thought of her. 
"Well Hoku, what are you going to do?" Kendal asked.
"I've got to go talk to Sasami." Hoku said and ran out the door, 
leaving the boys surprised. 
	Sasami's legs felt weak. She wanted to break down and cry at what 
her love had told her. "You're engaged?" she asked, her voice hoarse. 
"Yes, but it wasn't my fault, it was arranged and my brother just told 
me right this minute, I'm sorry." He said, his head down. Sasami let a 
tear fall down her cheek. She put her head down and tried to keep from 
crying. Suddenly she felt Hoku hold her. She put her arms around him 
and buried her head in his chest and cried. She felt a tear hit her arm 
and she knew he was crying too. She pulled away and looked up at his 
sad blue eyes. "I can't be without you Hoku." She said sadly.
"Neither can I." He said. Then he kissed her tenderly and they kissed 
for a long time in the kitchen. When they pulled away, Hoku stroked her 
cheek and held her again, trying to think of a way to stop this. 
	Everyone, including Washu, poked their heads into the kitchen and 
watched the two lovers hold each other. They went into the living room 
and thought. Ayeka was about to say something when Washu jumped up. "I 
know! We can erase his parents' memories so they'll forget he's their 
son!" Washu cried. Everyone gave her skeptical look. She sat down and 
started to think again. "I think I have an idea, but it might not work. 
I could say that I ordered Hoku to be Sasami's personal guard, that way 
he could stay here." Said Ayeka happily. Cero smiled. 
"That would so work!" he cried. Then he ran upstairs and then came back 
down shortly with a small box. He handed it to Ayeka who pushed a small 
button. "Everyone, stay quiet." She said softly. A screen popped up and 
Ayeka typed in some commands. Soon, Hoku's father's face appeared on 
the screen. He bowed low. "Your Majesty honors our home with her call." 
He said formally. Ayeka tried not to roll her eyes at the man's butt 
kissing attempts. "Thank you, I have called on the issue of your son, 
Hoku. I would like to have him be my sister's royal guard, do you have 
any objections to my decision?" she asked, eyeing him with a cold 
stare. He sweated. "No your Majesty, it is an honor to have my son be a 
guard for Princess Sasami, it's just that he is engaged to marry." He 
said carefully. Ayeka eyed him coldly. "Is his marriage or the royal 
Princess Sasami's safety more important? In my opinion I do not believe 
his fianc‚ is suitable for young Hoku." She said sharply, making the 
man flinch. 
"It is understood, we shall send the rest of his belongings." He said 
and bowed just as Ayeka turned off the screen. She laughed. "This 
position has quite a few advantages." She said calmly, handing the box 
to Cero for him to put away. "Let's go tell the two lovebirds 
immediately." Ayeka said in her best royal tone as Cero entered the 
room. 
	Sasami and Hoku finally pulled away just as Ayeka and the others 
walked in. Hoku bowed to Ayeka as she walked up to him. "Hoku, you are 
assigned to be Sasami's royal guard, keep her safe please." Said Ayeka 
in a mock royal tone. Hoku had to strain, but he couldn't hold back, he 
hugged Ayeka and then quickly let go. "Forgive me. Thank you, your 
Majesty." He said, trying to control his happiness. Ayeka smiled.
"Thank you Ayeka!" Sasami cried. She hugged her sister and then turned 
back to Hoku. Sasami shot everyone a look and they all left quickly. 
Sasami cried in happiness and kissed Hoku. He kissed back and held her 
tightly, not wanting to let her go. He had to eventually so she could 
finish lunch. He helped her finish it up just as Mihoshi and Kiyone's 
ship landed. 
Everyone rushed outside as their ship was put into subspace. The 
two police officers came out of their ship and greeted everyone warmly. 
When they got to Hoku they smiled and looked from Sasami to Hoku. "Are 
you Sasami's boyfriend?" asked Mihoshi eagerly. Hoku blushed. 
"My name is Hoku, you must be Mihoshi and Kiyone, it is a pleasure to 
meet you, and yes I am." He said softly. The two women giggled. Soon, 
everyone was finished with lunch and they were all at the onsen 
talking. Suddenly, Sasami got an idea. "Hey, let's go somewhere for 
dinner tonight. They guys can borrow some clothes from Tenchi to blend 
in." she said happily. Everyone agreed to the idea. 

Chapter 5: Before the Wedding.
	Sasami sat in the living room, missing her Hoku. He'd gone out 
for a while with Tenchi, Asatakae, Cero, and Kendal for some reason. 
Kiyone and Mihoshi were sitting across from her digesting lunch, while 
Sasami thought about him.
	Hoku looked at through the glass at the beautiful rings. He 
wanted to find one that matched Sasami's eyes. Suddenly, Asatakae 
dragged him over to where him and the others were looking. "Look, that 
one in the middle." Asatakae said, pointing to a ring in the middle of 
circle of necklaces. Hoku's face lit up, it was perfect. It had a 
silver band with carvings in it that looked like vines. The jewel was a 
tanzanite, it was small but it looked exactly like Sasami's eyes. Three 
small amethysts surrounded it. "That's perfect, where's that thing?" 
Hoku said. Cero handed him a small box and Hoku placed it on the glass 
and moved it around until the ring was in view, then a readout came. 
"It's her size." Hoku said excitedly, feeling in his back pocket for 
the money Ayeka had so kindly given to him. He gave Cero the box and 
then called for the female cashier to bring out the ring. "Hey, can I 
get a velvet ring box for this?" Hoku asked. The woman nodded and boxed 
the ring up. After he'd paid for it, they went back to the car as Hoku 
rehearsed in his head how he was going to propose to Sasami. 
	Sasami ate her dinner quietly. Listening to the conversations 
around her. Hoku was next to her, looking very nervous. Sasami looked 
at him and he smiled at her and continued eating. A few moments later, 
Sasami realized that all of the conversations had stopped. She looked 
around, puzzled. She put her chopsticks down and looked over at Hoku he 
was standing up, blushing. He picked up Sasami right hand and pulled a 
small velvet box out of his back pocket. Sasami's eyes lit up when he 
opened it. She already had her answer. "Sasami, will you do the honor 
of marrying me?" he asked nervously. Sasami smiled warmly.
"Yes Hoku." She said. He stopped blushing immediately and put the ring 
on her ring finger. Then Sasami surprised him with the biggest kiss she 
could do. She heard everyone in the restaurant cheer; she ignored it 
and continued to kiss her Hoku. Suddenly, the waiter came up and 
interrupted their moment. "Sorry to disturb you two, but our owner was 
so touched, he says your meal is free." Said the waiter. He walked away 
and Sasami kissed Hoku again. Hoku put his arms around her waist and he 
put her arms around his. Sasami heard everyone cheer again. Hoku pulled 
away and looked at her eyes. "I love you so much." He said.
"I love you too." She said warmly. Then he for once caught her by 
surprise. He kissed her again and she kissed him back. 
Sasami watched as her dress aired itself out. Ayeka had given her 
the wedding Kimono a long time ago and she'd kept it. It fit her now 
and it was just perfect. Three more days and I'll be a wife. She 
thought happily. She was now sixteen, along with Hoku, so their 
marriage was legal. They had waited a few months until their birthdays 
had passed. Hoku had even gone so far as to get a blessing from Yosho 
and Sasami's father. Ayeka had been worried that she wasn't going to 
make it for the wedding, but she was here now, so she would be able to 
be Sasami's Maid of Honor. Ryo-Ohki and Akiko were her flower girls. 
Cero was Hoku's best man, and his Father and Mother weren't coming 
(they weren't told). Kendal, Asatakae, and Tenchi were also his best 
men because Hoku couldn't leave them out. Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone, and 
Washu were Sasami's bride's maids, and since her father couldn't make 
it, Yosho was going to give her away (he was also going to marry them). 
Funaho and Misaki were on their way right now because they couldn't 
miss it. It was perfect. Sasami smiled and closed the door to her room. 
She floated down the stairs and found her fianc‚ on the couch. Sasami 
was now almost fully assimilated with Tsunami, although everyone still 
called her Sasami. She usually didn't use a lot of Tsunami's powers, 
just the float mainly. Washu had explained them to her so now Sasami 
was pretty good with them. She could see many different dimensions now, 
but she kept the power shut off because it gave her a headache to see 
so many things in her mind at one time. Sasami floated silently up 
behind her fianc‚, he was taking a nap. She smiled and sat next to him. 
She put her hand on his and he opened his eyes and smiled warmly. She 
leaned over and kissed him gently. They held for a few moments then 
Sasami laid her head on his chest and he held her as they took a nap 
together. 
	When the two of them woke up, Akiko and Ryoko were napping across 
from them, their tails limp. Suddenly, Ryoko woke up and teleported her 
and her daughter to her room. Sasami looked at the clock. "Oh no! I 
have to make dinner!" she cried and teleported into the kitchen. Hoku 
walked into the kitchen and saw her standing their watching as Washu 
busily cooked. "Don't worry, I'll handle it for a few days, Ryoko will 
help me too." She said, waving them out. Sasami teleported Hoku and her 
to the lakeshore where they could be alone. "Oh, we haven't picked a 
honeymoon spot Hoku." She said calmly. Hoku blushed and looked at the 
water. 
"Hmmm, what about that inn Tenchi told me about." He said, still 
blushing. Sasami smiled. "Sounds great." She said happily, trying not 
to laugh at his embarrassment. Even though they slept in the same bed 
now, they'd only cuddled because of their strict upbringing and Hoku's 
modesty. They'd talked a few times about having children, Hoku always 
said he wanted a little girl, Sasami agreed that it would be nice to 
have a girl, so she'd asked Washu if she knew of a way for her to have 
only a girl. Washu said that it would mean she could never have a boy. 
She'd discussed it with Hoku and he agreed to have the injection that 
Washu had created. So now, Sasami and Hoku would only have girls, which 
they didn't mind at all. Sasami and him had even discussed names but 
could never find the right one. 
	Hoku looked at his beautiful goddess. My Sasami. He thought 
happily. She put her head on his chest and they held each other for a 
long time. Finally, Hoku lifted her chin and kissed her gently. Then 
they walked back inside for dinner. Hoku and Sasami took their places 
across from Ayeka and started their meal. Sasami was about to take a 
bit of her pork bun when she suddenly got a painful sting in her head. 
She yelled out in pain and stood up. "Sasami!" Hoku cried.
"Sister!" Ayeka cried. Hoku caught her in his arms as she fell. Sasami 
felt the pain go away, she sighed but it suddenly came back as a huge 
surge of pain. She cried out and felt tears come out of her eyes. 
"Hoku! Ayeka! Anyone!" she cried, and then there was nothing. 
	Sasami woke up a few moments later in Hoku's arms. The pain was 
gone, but she felt drained. "Hoku, what happened?" Sasami asked weakly. 
Hoku brushed the tears out of his eyes. "Everyone, she's awake. You 
passed out, but you'll be okay. Washu said it was something about more 
of Tsunami coming into you. It will happen from time to time for about 
another day or so, but you'll be fine." He said, obviously trying to 
reassure himself also. She smiled and buried her head in his chest. She 
sighed and fell asleep.
	Hoku watched her sleep as the others left them in their room. He 
smiled down at his fianc‚'s sweet face and kissed her. Then he put her 
to bed and pulled the covers over her while he changed quickly for bed. 
Then he lay down next to her and held her the whole night, trying to 
keep away anything that would cause any pain to his dear Sasami.
	Sasami woke up in her bed, wearing her clothes form the day 
before. She looked around and then suddenly felt something stir next to 
her. She looked up at Hoku. He had his arms wrapped around her and he 
looked very peaceful. She smiled and stroked his face to wake him up. 
He opened his eyes and looked down at her with a sweet smile. "Good 
morning, sleep well?" she asked.
"Yes, you?" he asked sleepily.
"Yes, I suppose we should get up." She said, standing up and stretching 
her arms out. Suddenly she felt the pain again and yelled out. Hoku 
grabbed her and laid her down in their bed as she writhed in agony.
	Hoku watched worriedly as his Sasami writhed back and forth in 
agony. Tsunami, please, ease her pain, please help her! He prayed 
frantically. Suddenly, Sasami sighed and opened her eyes. Hoku smiled 
and lifted her up slowly. "Are you okay?" he asked, stroking her hair. 
She nodded and stood up slowly. "I think I need a bath." She said 
wearily.
"Um, well then I'll send your sister with you to keep an eye on you." 
He said, blushing. 
	Sasami had to giggle at his shyness. He's so modest! She thought 
happily. "All right." She said calmly and gave him a kiss on the cheek. 
Moments later, her and Ayeka were sitting in the onsen, washing their 
hair. Sasami dunked her head and came back out and then sighed. 
Tsunami, why does it hurt so much? She thought desperately, hoping 
she'd answer her. 
I'm sorry Sasami; I was trying to go slowly to let you adjust, that's 
why it hurts so much. Sasami heard Tsunami's voice in her head. 
All right.
Sasami, it will only last for the end of this day, I don't think it 
will affect your marriage.
Okay.
Good.
Tsunami?
Yes?
How do you feel about my marriage to Hoku?
I'm very happy for you, Hoku is a good man.
Yes, but do you love him, at all?
My opinion does not matter.
But, I'm controlling your life Tsunami, and your opinion does matter. 
This is your life also, if you do not love Hoku at all, then I don't 
know what I'd do, I want you to be happy too.
I know Sasami, but this is your life, not mine.
But Tsunami, answer me, do you love him, at all?
Hmmm, I have some feelings for him yes, and it felt nice to kiss him.
You felt that?
Yes, I wanted to be a part of you sooner, that's why you've been 
feeling so much pain.
Oh. Well, do you?
A little, he's very sweet, and modest, and hansom, and he's a very good 
kisser.
Well?
I guess, I love him a bit, but not as much as you do Sasami, but I want 
you to marry him, I want us to marry him.
Good Tsunami!
Good. Sasami felt Tsunami come out of Sasami's head and leave. Sasami 
sighed and finished her bath. 
	Hoku sat on the lakeshore, watching the water. He couldn't help 
but think about Sasami. He missed her even though she'd only been gone 
for a little while. His heart ached when he couldn't see her sweet 
face, or hear her wonderful voice. He smiled and touched his cheek 
where she'd kissed him. "I'm going to be a husband tomorrow." He 
thought. And a father someday. He thought happily. I'm going to raise 
our daughter to be a swordfighter. He thought. Hoku stood up and dusted 
himself off. Sasami. He thought dreamily. He walked into the house and 
looked around. She wasn't back from the onsen yet so he sat down on the 
couch. He sighed and leaned back. Suddenly, someone sat next to him. 
"Hey Cero." He said, looking at his brother with a smile. 
"Hey Hoku. Say, when are you and Sasami leaving for your honeymoon?" 
asked his brother, with a sly smile. Hoku blushed. "I don't know." He 
said quietly. Hoku suddenly realized something; his brother hadn't 
married anyone yet. "Hey Cero, have you ever thought about getting 
married?" Hoku asked. 
"Well, I'm still in my prime, I guess I could try to find someone." 
Just then, Kiyone walked into the room wearing her favorite jeans and 
t-shirt, Washu followed close behind (she'd grown to look 17 now). Hoku 
nudged his brother, making Cero blush and stand up. Kiyone looked at 
him and walked upstairs, Washu looked at him with a devilish grin. 
"Just the man I was looking for, come here, I wanted to run some tests 
on your Jurai power." Said Washu devilishly, walking into her lab. Cero 
followed obediently and Hoku laughed as he heard a yelp from the lab. 
Hoku had to go see what experiment the crazy woman was up to now. He 
walked into the lab and looked around. He spotted Washu sitting at a 
computer, typing away. Then Hoku almost fell over laughing. There hung 
his brother, down to his boxers, tied up with restraint cables and 
looking miserable as Washu typed in some commands and a metal cap with 
lights planted itself on Cero's head. Hoku backed out just as Washu 
took a blood sample, making him yelp. 
	Sasami walked into the living room wearing her green dress. Hoku 
was just coming out of Washu's lab, so Sasami teleported over to stand 
behind him and grabbed him by the waist and teleported him to the back 
yard. Hoku turned to face her and smiled. "Hello." He said sweetly. 
Sasami hugged him and they held there for a while in the garden. Hoku 
finally pulled away and kissed her gently. Sasami kissed back and 
pulled away. He smiled and walked over to the porch in the back and sat 
down. She appeared next to him and leaned her head on his shoulder. 
"Hoku, where are we going to live, are we staying here, at the Masaki 
house?" she asked calmly, looking into his blue eyes. 
"Well, sure, I guess if Tenchi lets us." He said looking back at her 
with a smile. Sasami smiled and knew he'd let them. "Hey, what are you 
going to do for a job?" Sasami teased. Hoku smiled. 
"Well I'm getting paid to be your royal guard, it pays very, very well. 
I was going to use the money to pay for our share, like you used to 
back before Ayeka moved out." He said calmly. Sasami smiled. Everything 
was going to be perfect, she was going to be able to raise her child in 
peace. Sasami sighed happily and stood up. Hoku followed her inside for 
lunch. 
	Ryoko and Tenchi kissed each other gently under the tree that 
they had their first kiss. They pulled away and Ryoko smiled at her 
husband warmly. "I remember that first kiss like it was yesterday." 
Tenchi said. He closed his eyes calmly and smiled:
Ryoko, why did you risk your life for me again? Why do you do this to 
yourself?
Because, because I love you Tenchi. But, it doesn't matter.
Ryoko.
No, it doesn't matter anymore; you and Ayeka are obviously going to be 
very happy together. (Starts to cry)
Ryoko, but I don't love her.
You don't, then why did you kiss her? (Really angry now!)
I didn't!
Yes you did, I saw it!
But, I didn't do it on purpose!
Yes you did!
No I didn't, I swear!
What did you do, fall on her lips?
Shut up Ryoko! (Grabs her and kisses her forcefully, Ryoko freezes and 
kisses back)
Why did you do that?
Because I don't love Ayeka!
Well then, who do you love, Tsunami? Washu? Mihoshi? (Really angry)
No! You! (Kisses her again)
Tenchi and Ryoko kissed again and then she teleported them to the 
kitchen for lunch.
	Sasami and Hoku cuddled on the couch after dinner. Conversations 
were going on all around them, but they were to busy in their own 
little world. Sasami was looking into his blue eyes as he smiled warmly 
at her. She smiled back and laid her head on his chest as he wrapped 
his arms around her. Sasami heard everyone cooing and smiled. Hoku 
kissed the top of her head and held her closer. She felt his heart beat 
and smiled. 
	Hoku blushed and looked down at Sasami. She looked at him and 
smiled. He smiled back and stroked her hair. She yawned. "Let's go to 
bed, I'm really tired." Sasami said.
"Okay, I'll go change." He said calmly. They said goodnight to everyone 
and parted at the top of the stairs to change.
	Sasami sat down on their bed and waited for Hoku to come in. She 
smiled and yawned again. Someone knocked suddenly. "Come in." she said 
sleepily. Hoku walked in and smiled. She smiled back and stood up. Hoku 
walked over and kissed her on the forehead. Then they lay down and held 
each other the whole night.
	Ayeka and Asatakae sat in their room and kissed for a long time. 
My love. She thought happily as they pulled away. Ayeka stood up and 
they changed into their nightclothes. Ayeka had just finished taking 
her long hair down when she felt Asatakae wrap his arms around her 
waist. She turned and looked at him warmly. "I love you." He said 
warmly.
"I love you too." She said sweetly. Suddenly he smiled and dipped her 
back and kissed her. When he pulled her back up she laughed and then 
they lay down in bed and went to sleep.

Chapter 6: The Wedding.
	"Sasami, hold still!" Ayeka cried as she tried to straighten out 
Sasami's wedding kimono. Sasami obeyed and Ayeka finished up. "Oh 
Sasami!" Mihoshi cried, tears streaming down her face as the other 
women cooed at her. Sasami smiled and looked in the mirror. Her wedding 
kimono fit her perfectly. Sasami beamed. "You look pretty Auntie 
Sasami!" cried Akiko. She was wearing her pink flower girl's dress, so 
was Ryo-Ohki. Sasami turned and looked at the women behind her. 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ryoko, and Washu were all wearing blue kimonos that 
looked beautiful. Misaki and Funaho were wearing their nicest Jurai 
dresses. Ayeka was wearing a purple kimono with a white ribbon around 
it. Misaki beamed. "Oh Sasami! My little Sasami! You look so 
beautiful!" cried her mother. Her and Funaho had just arrived two hours 
ago. Sasami smiled and hugged her mother, who almost broke Sasami's 
ribcage before she finally let go. Sasami smiled and looked around the 
room, barely able to contain her excitement.
	Hoku straightened out his tie while Tenchi, Cero, Asatakae, and 
Kendal put their shoes on. Hoku looked in the mirror at his black tux. 
He turned and looked at his best men, all wearing white tuxes. Hoku 
smiled and sighed. "Hoku." Yosho said as he peeked his head in the 
door. Hoku waved him in and looked him over quickly. He was wearing his 
priest uniform and looking pretty good. Yosho led them down the stairs 
and out the door. Hoku felt a lump form in his throat. Why do I have to 
be nervous now? He thought desperately as the walked the steps to the 
shrine. Hoku looked around at the small audience. It was made up of 
Misaki, Funaho, and Nobyuki. Hoku stood at the altar, trying to calm 
down. Relax; the precession doesn't start for another ten minutes. He 
thought trying to calm down. He looked up at the sky and watched the 
clouds. As a few clouds parted, Hoku saw a small black ship and felt 
his face sweat. Oh no! How did she find out? He thought desperately as 
a blue beam appeared. Everyone at the shrine stood up and watched as a 
young woman with pink hair, and ice blue eyes, wearing a beautiful, yet 
un-modest, blue Jurai dress came down the beam. Hoku backed off as Kai 
landed in front of him. "Hoku, how could you marry another?" she asked 
dramatically. Hoku backed off more.
"How did you find out about this?" he cried angrily. I cannot believe 
she did this! He thought angrily. "That doesn't matter! I'm not going 
to let you marry some little hussy!" 
"What did you call my Sasami?"
"A hussy!" Hoku felt his blood boil. 
"Kai! I, I hate you! How dare you speak about my Sasami that way? You 
have no right!"
"Oh hush silly, you're coming back to Jurai with me!"
"No I'm not Kai! I'm getting married today and that's final!" he yelled 
angrily. 
"Oh you'll get married all right, to me!" Kai screamed. Hoku felt his 
face go red with anger.
	Sasami stopped dead. "There's something wrong!" she cried. 
Suddenly, a blue flash occurred and instead of wearing her kimono, 
Sasami was wearing Tsunami's familiar dress. Ayeka and the others 
gasped and looked at the lake water. Sasami's refection was seen, she 
was wearing her wedding kimono. "I will not let her do this to Sasami 
and Hoku." Said Tsunami as she disappeared. The other women were 
teleported with her and were surprised to see Hoku standing across from 
a pink haired girl. "Hoku, you're coming with me!" Kai cried angrily.  
"Go back to Jurai!" Hoku screamed angrily. Tsunami started to float 
over to them but stopped when she saw everyone bow to her. She bowed 
back and continued to float over to the two fighting people.
	Hoku felt his blood boil again. "Kai, go home!" he cried firmly.
"Never!" cried Kai.
"That's it, if you don't go home right now, I'll!" he cried, feeling 
his fingernails dig into his palms. "Hoku, calm down, Kai, you dare 
interfere with Princess Sasami's happiness?" Tsunami asked calmly. Kai 
stared and bowed low. 
"I'm his fianc‚ though." Kai said calmly.
"Kai, do you love Hoku?"
"Well."
"Do you?"
"Well."
"If you don't really love him, then you should go home Kai."
"Well, I, don't love him but I like him!" she cried angrily. Tsunami 
smiled at Kai kindly. "Go home Kai." Hoku said firmly as Tsunami 
disappeared along with the other women. Kai looked at him and went back 
up the beam calmly.
	Hoku watched as the flower girl's finished their flower throw 
then sat with Misaki and Funaho. Hoku held his breath as Sasami and 
Yosho, along with Ayeka and the bride's maids, walked down the isle to 
the small altar. Sasami smiled warmly at him as she stood in front of 
him. Yosho and everyone took their places.
(Really long wedding speech)
"Hoku, do you take Sasami to be your lawfully wedded wife, in sickness 
and in health to death do you part?" Yosho asked calmly.
"I do." Hoku said calmly, putting her silver wedding band on her 
finger.
"And do you Sasami take Hoku to be your lawfully wedded husband, in 
sickness and in health to death do you part?"
"I do." Sasami said, watching Hoku's face beam as she put the silver 
wedding band on his finger. "You may now kiss the bride." Yosho said. 
Hoku blushed and wrapped his arms around Sasami's waist and kissed her 
passionately, she kissed back and held him close as everyone cheered 
and threw cherry blossoms. Sasami smiled warmly at her husband. "Okay 
girls! Get ready!" Sasami cried happily. She waited for all of the 
single women to assemble themselves, and then she turned around and 
tossed the bouquet back at the women. The now 15-year-old Washu caught 
the bouquet. "Yahoo! Hey Cero, look what I got." Said Washu happily, 
looking at Cero with a sly look. Cero winced and blushed. Sasami and 
Hoku laughed as the party started. Hoku looked at Sasami and kissed her 
again. She kissed him back and pulled away. "I love you Hoku." Said 
Sasami softly.
"I love you too Sasami." Said Hoku softly. Then Hoku dipped her back 
and kissed her passionately, surprising her, but she wrapped her arms 
around his neck and kissed him back, full force.
The End
 
Well, I hope you liked my Fan Fiction. I know it's long, but give me a 
break here! It's my first one. So, if you want to tell me what you 
think, drop me a line at thebatcat@hotmail.com/ okay? Hope to hear from 
you! 
