Book of Sephiroth: Sasami's Wish
A Tenchi Muyo Fanfic by Nall-ohki, ( Tyson Roberts ) Email: nall@goldengate.net
Chapter 1, Part 1: Anxiety

Disclaimer: I do not own these characters, though I may love or hate them
as much as I want. 

Notes: 
* This Fanfic is based upon the timeline set forth by the Tenchi
OAV series, and takes place after the final episode thereof.
* Some minor things are barrowed from Magical Project S

=====================

There has been a phrase quoted from many civilizations and many
languages. This phrase, usually considered a blessing of the highest
regard, is "May you live in boring times." I have found this to be a bit
of a paradox, having over many years lived through both boring and
exciting times in the history of the universe. 
There is something to be said about exciting times. There were
periods during which the turmoil of social events caused me much benefit. 
The converse has also been true. More importantly, though, exiting times
are those of change. Heroes are born during strife and conflict, and lead
as an example for people for decades, centuries, or in the case of the
long-lived Juraians, even millenia after. This, I believe, is very
important. 
I must in good conscience however, take notice of the albeit brief
period I spent in the Masaki home. I believe, without a doubt in my mind,
that these peaceful days were the best of my existence. Many times later
on I have looked back on those times spent among friends and been forced
to smile at how good it truly was. Innocence and goodness abounded with
those young people, and I was able to live in peace, though not always in
quiet. 
Truly, this was what was intended by the phrase. 

- Hakubi Washuu (-chan). 'Memoirs of a Super-Genius'

======================

Typical days never were the forte of the Masaki home. This day
was not a notable exception. In fact, this particular day would have not
particularily stuck out in the minds of the inhabitants of the house were
it not for it's special significance: Valentine's day. 
Valentines day in Japan is, like in other countries who celebrate
it, a time for the come-about of feelings. It is a day for love; a day
for anticipation; a day for beginnings. 
Tenchi woke up as the sunlight came shining in through the window
onto his face. Normally, Sasami came to woke him in the morning. 
Thinking of this and having a slight memory of events a few hours
previous, he looked down. The Jurai princess was not there. He lazily
figured she had woken up, and would soon be in to wake him as well. So,
feeling the drowsy effects of sleep still pulling at his consciousness, he
submitted, rolling over to return there. A wasted effort, he should have
realized. 

"Where do you think you're going with that?" came a very loud
high-pitched voice from outside the hall. 

"You know exactly where I'm going!" a lower, similar-volumed voice
replied. 

Tenchi opened his eyes, turned his body a little and stared at the
wall, his life coming back to him. He lied there for a moment, listening
to the argument continue but not comprehending it. 

"But Tenchi-sama has not woken yet! You can't just go in and wake
him up like that!" the higher voice continued it's assault. 

"Oh, you don't think so?" the lower voice replied. 

In the back of his mind, Tenchi knew he should probably pick
himself up and get dressed immediately, but his sleep reflex kept him in
check. 

"Just try and stop me, then, Ojyo-chan!" the lower voice
threatened. 

Warning lights were going off inside Tenchi's half-conscious
brain, but the sleep instinct was stronger, pulling him back to his
peaceful world. 

"I won't allow you to!" came the higher voice. 

The noise of breaking furniture outside the door had finally begun
to make an impression on Tenchi's consciousness, but the effect was
increased a hundred fold when the door to his room flew inwards, embedding
it in the wall by the head of his futon, Ryokou sprawling to the floor
afterwards. 

"Ow! That hurt!" she said, pulling herself into the sitting
position, and grabbing the back of her head with one hand, holding a small
wrapped package in the other. 

"Well you should have thought of that before-" Aeka scolded her
from the doorway, then stopped when she looked at the boy on the futon. 

Tenchi was sitting straight up, looking backwards at the door, now
embedded in the wall sideways. His mouth was agape, his eyes wide,
sitting motionless, staring. The room was completely silent and there was
a long pause as he continued staring at the large wooden object that had
violated his room, right where his head had been seconds earlier. 
After a while, he moved his head to the side, to stare at Aeka,
she stood looking downward, not moving, not breathing. In both hands she
held a white heart-shaped box. Behind her were Azaka and Kamidake,
looking as blank as usual. Tenchi moved his head backwards to see Ryokou,
equally motionless and tense, staring at him with a frightened look in her
eyes, now holding her package, a black, square-shaped one with a bow, with
both hands. 
Then, he looked down, thinking for a moment. 

--------------------------------------

Sasami had woken earlier that day, and had left without disturbing
Tenchi. Afterwards, she went to the business of making breakfast as she
did every morning. Today, there was a special bounce in the way she went
about making the food. She was happy today. She didn't know exactly why,
but the previous night's experience had comforted her, given her more
energy to go on with the day's events. She was also excited. 

'Today,' she thought, 'Today I can give Tenchi-niichan my gift.'

She glanced down at her package. It was a green with a purple
bow. She had spent much of the week previous preparing it. After getting
the best ingredients she could from places around town, Sasami had worked
late at night to keep anyone from seeing her. This also meant that she
had been getting little sleep, but in her mind it was worth it. The time
was almost at hand. 
This morning, Sasami had decided on a mixture of Japanese-style
and Juraian-style breakfast. She started with Kanomipu, a dish made up of
several vegetables baked into a small roll, and then served with a sweet
fruit sauce. As a complimentary dish, she went with Japanese rice, which
Tenchi's grandfather insisted upon being served at every meal. She topped
the rice with Finchi, which was a small edible flower that was good both
as decoration, and as an edible food. Then she finished off the meal with
the traditional Miso soup, made from scratch, just like Tenchi's aunt had
taught her. 
She then continued cooking, using extra rice she had made to
create rice balls, putting a variety of other things in the middle. 
Taking the rice balls, she placed three of each into four small plastic
containers. A few of these were set aside for Tenchi's grandfather to
eat. The the food was decorated with various small food pieces, and she
closed them up. She then stacked the bento boxes on top of each other, so
that the names showed on the sides. 

'Aeka-oneechan, Ryokou-oneechan, Tenchi-niichan, and mine.' she
counted them off in her head. 

She didn't have to worry about Nobiyuki today, he was off on a
business trip and wouldn't be back for another couple of days. 

She looked at the clock, seeing it was past time to wake up
Tenchi, and almost time for breakfast, she decided to go and wake him. 
She made a step towards the stairs, but stopped short as she heard sounds
of an argument coming from upstairs. Thinking to herself, she realized it
was pointless, the job was already done. So, her food preparation
completed, she went about setting the table for the meal. 

---------------------------------------

Tenchi came down a few minutes later dressed for school, his
satchel in hand, alone. He barely looked at Sasami as she greeted him
cheerfully and sat down at the table of beautifully prepared food laid out
before him. Without a word to her, and not so much as an "itedakimasu",
he began to eat the food without looking at it. Not even showing an
expression of his gratitude or whether or not he liked it, he ate the
rolls, plucked at the rice, and drank the miso. Then, he gave an
inflectionless "Gochisosama deshita", and stood up. Without looking at
Sasami, he grabbed his bento from the stack, and walked towards the door. 
Sasami wanted to call after him, wanted to say something to make
him acknowlage her. She tried, but couldn't come up with the words to
say. All she could do is watch him as he went to the front door. 
Ryokou and Aeka were already there, thier shoes already on. The
stood there in thier navy blue school uniforms, holding thier satchels in
front of them with both hands, both eyes on the floor. As if statues,
only thier eyes glanced up as he walked in, returning immediately to the
floor as they saw his brooding expression. 
He sat down to put on his shoes, paying them no heed. There was a
long silent moment as Sasami watched Tenchi put on his shoes from behind
Tenchi. 
As he finished and went to walk out the door, they both
cheerlessly followed. Sasami continued watching without a word, her heart
in her stomach as her hopes and expectations walked out the door with
Tenchi-niichan. 
After retrieving thier Bento, Aeka and Ryokou followed, without
breakfast. 

----------------------------------------

It had been the joint decision of the elders of the Masaki family,
and the Jurai council, that should the princesses continue thier education
on earth during thier stay there. While Aeka had originally opposed it -
though she refused to admit it - out of fear, eventually she was
persuaded. 
Sasami was neutral through the whole preceding, she wasn't opposed
to the idea of taking classes on earth, but she didn't have a particular
desire to have to study as hard as Tenchi did. 
Ryokou was also forced into school, partially as a concession to
Aeka for her assent to studying. She had been firmly opposed to it at
first, but after a talk with Washuu (unsupervised by everyone else), she
emerged from Washuu's lab optimistic about going. Strangely enough,
Ryokou also agreed to many of the things Washuu requested of her without
question for the next couple of days. 
Sasami had a hard time concentrating in English class. Her mind
was stuck in the mornings events. Tenchi had been so mean to her, not
even acknowlage her presence, not even letting her present the chocolate
she had worked so hard to make for him. Why had he done that? Was he mad
at her? She had forgotten to wake him up on time, but that shouldn't be
enough to make him angry, should it? Sasami worried over the thought
again and again, the blame in her mind gathering like a rolling snowball
down a hill. 
While the Jurai princess had been making breakfast, Tenchi must
have had a rude awakening at the hands of Ryokou and Aeka. Sasami blamed
herself for that, but did Tenchi, too? That had to be it, otherwise he
would have been nicer to her, right? The sinking feeling in her gut
deepened, feeling like in some way she had really screwed up. 

"Jurai-san!" called the angry teacher. 

"Uh, eeh, hai! Sensei!" Sasami bolted upright, knocking her chair
down behind her, making a loud crash on the floor. She stood completely
still and stared at the teacher's feet as she heard the snickers from the
back of the room. She winced, recognizing the voices. 

"Jurai-san, I've asked you three times, read this sentence!" she
continued. 

Sasami looked down at her desk to the book the class had been
following along in, she then realized that she had no idea of where in the
reading they were. Sasami felt like panicking for a moment; then
considered asking the teacher. Her problem was solved when she felt a pat
on her shoulder, she looked to see the girl next to her offering her book,
her thumb held on the page in a spot at the beginning of a sentance. 
Sasami was relieved, she bowed her head quickly and took the book, and
began to read out loud immediately. 

"If I- pay attention in... crass, I can quickly rearn to- speak
engrish correctly." she said, halting occasionally. 

The teacher, thinking Sasami had done an acceptable job, nodded
her assent and walked back to the board to continue the lesson. Sasami
breathed a sigh of relief as she sat down, feeling the center of attention
leave her. She looked over to the girl who had handed her the english
book, and gave a smile. The girl smiled back, and accepted the book as it
was returned. 
Sasami looked at the girl. She was short by even Japanese
standards. She was very thin, had long hair, and a cute face. Sasami had
seen her around quite a bit, and she did sit next to her in class, but for
some reason they didn't talk much, the other girl just didn't seem very
sociable. 
Sasami stopped for a moment, trying to come up with a name. She
thought hard, trying to remember when she had heard the girl addressed
last. 

"Misenki... Misanko... oh yeah, Misao" she mouthed, finally
remembering. "Amano Misao'

Sasami glanced up at the teacher. She was talking into the board
once again, as if she was teaching to it. For some reason, this teacher
seemed to be constantly angry. It was almost as if she didn't want to be
here. The teacher continued to talk, muffling her voice by the proximity
to the blackboard. She jumped, startled, as an especially high-pitched
child's voice sounded from the outside. This was a common occurrence and
no one else was startled by the noise or her reaction. High-pitched
voices seemed to scare the teacher, that's all the class really knew, this
teacher had told the class nothing about her past or her affiliations. 

'She's such an odd person', Sasami thought, staring at the woman's
back, at her long hair that fell down to the middle of her back, a single
band around the end of the long lock. 

'It's almost as if she doesn't want to be here.' Sasami wondered
at that, why would a person become a teacher if you didn't want to? 

On top of that, there was something odd about how she related to
Sasami that bugged her. She seemed to watch her like a hawk when she
thought Sasami wasn't looking. It always made Sasami feel like a goldfish
in a jar. On top of that, her mannerisms were slightly off in some way
Sasami couldn't figure out, she seemed to be trying to be Japanese rather
that it coming naturally. Juraian customs were very similar to Japanese
customs, and so Sasami did not have to try hard to emulate them, but she
still had to get used to a few things, and her experience with this made
her keener in sensing this from the woman. 
Another odd thing that everyone noticed is how consistently polite
she was, even though she was a teacher and didn't have to use kego to the
extent that she did. So many peculiarities, but she didn't know, and it
really didn't matter. 
Giving up, she glanced over at again, just as she did so, she saw
movement out of the side of her eye, and saw Misao flinch. Barely a
moment later, Sasami felt something small and hard hit the side of her
head, it stung, but didn't really hurt badly. She immediately looked back
to see where it had come from, and was angry, but not surprised to see
three boys in the back of the room smiling at her and chuckling. Sasami
grimaced, then faced back forward, knowing there was nothing she could do
right now. 
The three boys were the most annoying people Sasami had ever met. 
They had formed a small gang in the elementary school, making students
give up thier bentos, and beating kids who did much better than thier
leader in class. Thier leader, Daigo had been just transfered into
Sasami's class last week. Since then, Sasami had heard a rumor that
another one of the students in the class, a quiet boy named Shuji had
transfered out after a 'meeting' with this small gang. Sasami hated them. 
Still, she went back to facing the front, enduring the projectiles
through the rest of the class period, trying to ignore them. 

---
On an ordinary day, lunchtime in elementary school is an important
ordeal. On Valentine's day, lunchtime is vital. This was the time where
the girls customarily did thier delivery of chocolate, and the boys waited
patiently; hoping that a particular girl would approach. 
Sasami sat around and watched the scene with disinterest, feeling
still the pangs of guilt from that morning. She simply sat under a
not-yet blooming Sakura tree, picking at the bento she had made for
herself. Looking at the food only reminded her of the events that
transpired that morning. 
Sasami was not the only one who was sitting alone that day. Misao
sat alone at a table in the courtyard of the school less than 15 meters
from her, holding a small package of chocolates. She didn't know exactly
why she had them, she really didn't have any friends to speak of, and
didn't have anyone particular in mind to give it to. She just sat there
and stared at it, looking helpless. A few minutes later, she was
interrupted. 

"Whacha' got there, little girl?" came a rough voice from above
her. 

Misao looked up, and saw Daigo standing there. Two of his
lackeys, Shohei and Guy, flanked him on either side, forming a wall
between her and the world. She looked around, people were around, but no
one seemed to pay attention, possibly because they were too busy, or
possibly out of fear of Daigo. Except one. 
Sasami, seeing the girl who had helped her earlier in trouble
snapped Sasami out of the endless circle going in her head. She stood up,
and slowly walked over to the scene. 

"Oh, are those for me?" Daigo mocked. "Why thank you so very
much!" 

Saying so, he easily snatched the box of candy from her hands. 
Misao felt degraded by the ease with witch he took the candy from her. As
if her worth as a person had been taken away with it. 

"Please, give it back." she asked softly. The request was weak,
and the boys ignored her. 

Daigo had passed the chocolates to Shohei, who had opened the top,
and was now eating the chocolate inside. 

"Not bad, not bad." he said. "Could be much better, though." 

The leader simply watched the girl's torment as his subordinate
ate her chocolates. She looked like a little puppy who had done something
wrong, begging for forgiveness. He enjoyed this. This is what made him
feel good; made him feel powerful. He was about to sweeten the deal by
reaching for her hair, when he felt a hard strike, and his left knee
collapsed under him. 

"Daigo!", his subordinates called in unison. He didn't answer
them, merely turned his head to face behind him, to see who had caused him
to stumble. 

Sasami was startled, not exactly sure why she did it. She had
felt anger take over her body for a moment, and then the boy was on one
knee, looking at her with malice in his eyes. However, feeling that she
had to continue, as thier attention was now not on Misao, she spoke. 

"Leave her alone." it came out in as stern a voice as she was able
to muster. 

Daigo, not letting this girl get one up on him, calmly turned his
head back towards Misao, straightened his legs, and turned around to face
Sasami. The effect was immense. The boy towered over the shorter girl,
making her seem like a rabbit does to a tiger. 

"Shit, what's this? It seems I have a little sister to
discipline." Daigo said to his subordinates. This incited a chuckle from
the two other boys. 

"Fight! Hey everybody, there's a fight!" came a call from behind
Daigo. A crowd began forming behind the picnic table. Daigo didn't move,
liking the attention his business that was accrewing. 

"Daigo's gonna fight a GIRL?" came a voice. 

"More like he's gonna beat her." replied another. 

"I've heard rumors, but I thought he had more taste than that." 

"He doesn't care, anybody who gets in his way is in trouble." 

"Poor girl, she's only been here a few months." 

"I know, it's really sad." 

Sasami listened to the whole schoolyard speak about her fate, and
the overwhelming fact that she was outmatched came into horrifying focus. 
There was no way she could fight him on his terms, and there was no way
she could use her Juraian power in front of all the school. She hated
fact that violence had and was going to happen, she hated the fact that
those guys had picked on Misao, but most of all, she hated the leader of
the punks who had pushed the issue. She would not back down. 

"Makibi-sensei!" came a call from the now very thick crowd. 

The circle that had formed around Sasami and the three boys parted
in a single place, and a tall figure came wading through the sea of 4th
graders. Sasami kept her eyes locked on Daigo, not willing to flinch. He
met her. 

"Jurai-san, Kazuki-san, what exactly is going on here?" came a
familiar voice. 

Sasami and Daigo kept thier heads locked in place, but glanced up
at the sound. Then, seeing the teacher was near, she awkwardly relaxed
and looked at the ground. Daigo continued to stare, but said nothing. 

"I repeat, what is going on here?" she asked. Again, no response. 

"I asked what's going on here, now am I gonna have to bring you
all inside?" she asked, getting angry. 

"Nothing." came a voice behind Daigo, who stepped to the side. 
Misao walked out to the teacher. 

"I was just giving them some candy," she said softly. 

"Yeah, that's all." Guy added. 

Not a stupid person, the teacher knew the situation, but there was
not really much she could do about this to make it better, and besides,
she knew better than to interfere... 

"Alright then," she said, and turned around. 

"All of you, what are you looking at? It's not polite to stare,
you know." she barked at the crowd, which promptly dispersed in a wave of
hustle to get away from an angry teacher. 

Daigo waited for a moment, then, with a sweep of his head, began
walking away, passing between Misao and Sasami. Shohei passed Misao,
immediately afterward dropping the chocolate to the ground and stepping on
the box. 
Misao felt her heart flutter in her stomach as his shoe made a
crunching noise with the chocolates inside. Sasami watched her go over to
the broken box and pick it up. She looked like a waif; sad and broken. 
Misao returned to the table, placing the box in her lap. Sasami slowly
walked over to her and sat by her side. 
They sat there for a long moment, the silence between them
speaking louder than words ever could. Misao stared at the box; Sasami
at her folded hands. Girls around them continued with thier deliveries,
and boys continued thier hopeful waiting. After a long time, Misao put
her hands under the crumpled edges of the box, and lifted them up. She
peeled back the broken cardboard to reveal the inside: pieces upon pieces
of what once were heart-shaped flat chocolate candies. Sasami looked in
and saw this also, then, somewhere, she noticed something. 

"Hey, look..." she said, reaching into the box pushing past the
broken pieces of chocolate all the way to the bottom where she pulled
something out. She then held it up for Misao to see. 

"Look! There's one that's not broken!" she exclaimed. 

Sasami and Misao both looked at it. It was a thin, heart-shaped
chocolate candy with a very ornate imprint on the front. The design was
of a tree, a sakura tree, and the inside of the grooves were filled
perfectly with a red gel, most likely cherry in flavor, from what Sasami
could tell. 

"Wow! That's really neat Misao-chan, where'd you get it?" 

"I... I... umm, made it..." she said softly. 

"You made this?" she exclaimed, astonished, "that's really
pretty!" 

Misao looked at her, asking more with her eyes than her mouth. 

"R, Really?" 

"Mmm!" she responded with a smile. 

"Then, I would like Sasami-san to have it." she said. 

"Misao-chan, you know my name?" 

"Of course, you sit right next to me." she replied, a little
embarrassed. 

"Oh, yeah, I guess you're right..." this time Sasami was the one
embarrassed. "Oh, and just call me Sasami, okay?" 

"Okay, then you can call me Misao, okay?" 

"Okay!" 

Sasami then looked at the work of art in her hand again. 

"You're really good at cooking, you know that?" 

"Oh, no, I'm really not..." 

"No, Misao, this is one of the prettiest designs I've ever seen
made on food before. It's a Sakura Tree, right?" 

"Mmm." 

"Okay, then." Sasami said as she brought her other hand up to the
chocolate, and broke it in half. 

"Then let's eat it together, then, okay?" 

Misao smiled and took the piece of chocolate from Sasami. 

"Itedakimasu!" Sasami called out rather loudly, then literally
threw the entire piece of chocolate into her mouth. 

Misao laughed at this, clutching the chocolate in her hand for a
long moment. Sasami watched her laugh as she chewed the confection. 
After she finally stopped, Misao followed suit. 

"Itedakimasu." she said in her soft voice. She then began to eat. 

The girls talked for a few minutes after until the bell rang
signaling the end of lunch. The two walked off together towards class,
inadvertantly leaving the box of chocolates behind. 

=========================================================================

Chapter 1, Part 1 Notes:
=========================

Japanese -> English Dictionary:
ojyo-chan (Not literally, but can be taken as)
'Little Princess' 

itedakimasu A thank you for food, said before eating

Gochisosama deshita Lit. 'It was a feast'. Said after
finishing eating

Bento A boxed lunch, usually served in a
reusable, plastic container

Sakura Cherry Tree, or Cherry Blossoms

Here we are. I finished the first part of the first chapter and
I'm already exhausted. The following things I learned from this
experience: 

1) Never write at 3 a.m.
2) Never try to proofread at 3 a.m.
3) Never try to do anything useful at 3 a.m. because YOUR BRAIN
DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY
4) Pre readers are a god send.

I do have an epic idea behind what I'm planning to do with this
fanfic, but time might be an issue. I will be moving to Japan on a
scholorship in late August or early October, and will not be back for a
full year. I don't know what my life will be like when I'm there, or
whether or not I'll be able to continue writing. As a result, I don't
know if this will ever finish. But I'll try! 
If you like this work, please encourage me to continue. I am not
the most secure writer, and as a result, no feedback tends to drain my
will to write, while positive AND negative feedback both push me on. 
Thanks to anyone who responds! 


5/18/99
=========================
nall@goldengate.net Nall-ohki (Tyson Roberts)
=========================