Standard Disclaimer: DO NOT SUE ME!!!!! I AM NOT MAKING ANY CASH MONEY AND
HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH AIC OR PIONEER. NOW READ MY STORY BITCH!

Announcement- HEY EVERYONE. IM GONNA BE RETIRING FOR A LITTLE BIT. I CUT MY
HAND OPEN TRYING TO JUGGLE KNIVES. I DID IT BUT I STILL CUT MYSELF. AND IM
TRYING TO SELL AN IDEA FOR AN ANIME CARTOON. PRAY FOR ME EVERYONE. ANY WAYS
MY BOY, TIC-TAC'S GONNA BE TAKING OVER MY FIC'S. SO REPRESENT AND SHOW SOME
CLOWN LOVE HUH!

....Sasami went into the living room to get dressed and was still crying
from
what just happened. When she was dressed she sat down and settled a little.
K
came in and sat down to talk to her.

"Ya'll right?"

"......."

"You know Quazar and Epion went to Jurai to look after you. There gonna be
more or less pissed when your not there."

"I couldn't stay. When Makido died the air just seemed colder. It was
weird."

"Sasami. I've known Makido longer than I let people think. Did you press the

button?"

"Huh? Yes, well Mihoshi did."

"Heh, he's not dead. Well he's probably dead but give him some time."

"What?"

"He has some sort of devise in him, he can't die if someone presses the
button before his body decays. First it transports the body and button to a
cave somewhere, he won't tell me where it is and then it revives him over a
few days."

"....your lying. Your just saying that so I feel better."

"Hmm. Maybe, someday you'll learn how to tell if I'm lying or not."

"K.........thank you."

"Hmm, no problem."

"Why didn't you do anything the first time you came down?"

".....probably drunk. I don't really remember much."

"Are you gonna go break it up?"

"No. Like I said, I don't car what anyone does but I'm not down with abuse."

"........."

"Are you sure your alright?"

"Yes."

"If you don't mind me asking how long's that stuff been going on?"

"Well, with me and Ayeka I think for a few years."

"Oh man."

"I know. I didn't want to but she's a lot bigger than me what can I do?"

"..........listen take this if things get outta hand and no one can help you

use it."

K handed Sasami one of his knives and she quickly slipped it into her shirt
sleeve.

"Hmm. How long has everyone else been into that?"

"I think it was Mihoshi and Kiyone's first time. I think they liked it but
Kiyone resisted for along time but Mihoshi went right along with Ayeka."

"Hhmm. Well I can't say I approve but I guess I don't really wanna do
anything about it......wait...hahaha yeah I got a plan. Sasami how often
does
that go on?"

"Every night...."

Sasami started to cry again and she hugged K so she could cry on his
shoulder. A loud banging noise was heard at the door.

"Huh! Who's that?"

"I dunno. I'll go check."

K opened the door at Quazar and Epion were there and looked pretty mad.

"Sasami! Why aren't you at Jurai!?"

"Hey, lay off. She's um..had a rough night."

"What?"

"I don't wanna have to explain it."

"Ok. Hey there was this guy following us. He looked real mean."

Another knock came to the door. Once again K opened the door and got punched

in the stomach. He fell right to his knees from lack of air. The new person
picked K up by his shirt.

"Where's Sasami. I know what's been going on and I don't like it one bit."

"T....there."

The stranger walked in and pulled a black hood off his head.

"Makido!"

The little girl ran to Makido and jumped into his arms.

"Ugh, Sasami I'm sorry."

"..........."

"Are you alright?"

"...yes. I'm ok. You know then?"

"Yes and don't worry about it...I'll take care of everyone."

Makido sat Sasami down and went down into the lab. When he got there
everyone
was dressed and smoking K's pack of cigarettes. When he got there Mihoshi
jumped up but Makido pushed her away. He shook his head and drew his gun.

"Ma-Makido...settle down. Don't do anything drastic."

Instead of pulling the trigger he grabbed Ayeka's wrist held her hand to
table and fired a shot into her hand. She screamed but Makido was quick to
cover her mouth. Ryoko and everyone else jumped back into a corner with
fear.
Makido pushed his hair back and turned to everyone else. He tossed Ayeka to
the group.

"You people make me sick. What you did was shameful, disgusting, deplorable
and flat out twisted. And you know that's bad coming from someone who killed

people for a living. To think...Ayeka...Mihoshi.....ugh."

Makido fired a quick shot just over their heads and left. When he got back
upstairs everyone was sitting on the couch and K was covering Sasami's ears.

Makido tossed a pack of cigarettes to K.

"Thought I'd get you a fresh pack while I was out."

Sasami looked up at Makido with concern in her eyes.

"Makido...you didn't....."

"No. I didn't kill anyone."

"We heard shots."

"Mmhhmm. Shot a warning shot and well I think your sister's gonna have
trouble with her hand. Sasami I know you've been through a lot but try to
get
some sleep."

"Can I sleep here? I know you guys are gonna be up."

"...sure. As long as you go to sleep."

"Ok."

Sasami laid down on the couch and fell asleep.

"Makido. If you don't mind my saying."

"Not at all."

"I think maybe your way over protective of Sasami."

"Epion....shut up. She was raped, she'd been raped every night that she's
been around Ayeka for almost 3 years. I think Ayeka had it coming."

"Yeah but...."

"Fuck it. Lets play."

Makido went upstairs and came back down with a thick cutting board. K passed

out a knife to Epion and Makido. About then Tenchi came home from his
vacation.

"Uh, hey guys what's up?"

"............."

"Ugh, not much."

"What are you guys doing?"

"Playing a game."

"Cool. Can I play?"

At this everyone started to laugh.

"What?"

"Tenchi's this isn't your kinda game trust me."

"O-ok. What are you playing then?"

"Well we'll go a round and then you can decide if you still wanna play."

A pair of dice went around and every took a roll. Makido rolled a 8, K got a

11, Quazar got a 12 and Epion got a 3.

"Heh, looks like you lose this round."

"Oh your just playing dice. I'm good at that game."

"Rounds not over yet. Quazar you had the high roll."

Epion laid his hand across the table and Quazar twirled the knife in between

his fingers. He stopped suddenly and put the knife through Epion's hand.
Tenchi's eyes grew wide as Epion suppressed the scream. The blood flowed
from
the wound quickly.

"Heh, still want in?"

"Ugh, no that's alright."

The game went on as Tenchi went upstairs. He was surprised to see that no
one
was home.

"Hey guys where is everyone?"

"Downstairs. I wouldn't suggest going down there though."

"I'll take your word this time."

"Yeah, good idea."

The next day things went on pretty usually until Tenchi noticed Ayeka's hand

was bandaged up.

"Oh my god Ayeka what happened?"

"N-nothing."

"Ayeka it looks there's a hole in your hand. Oh I get it. One of the guys
hurt you didn't they?"

"..................."

Ayeka turned away and started to walk away.

"Ayeka! Who hurt you."

"......Makido shot me."

Well the timing was perfect. Makido, Epion and K were all out side a little
bit away. Quazar was on The Echo Side talking to Jynx. Tenchi ran up to
Makido and punched him in the face. As soon as the shot was delivered Makido

snapped his head back and pulled his gun out. He held it firmly to the
bottom
of Tenchi's chin. Before he could react Makido pulled the trigger.

"Heh, just because this is your house and I'm a guest I won't blow your
brains out of your skull."

Tenchi pushed Makido back and started to stare into his eyes coldly.

"There's a hole in Ayeka's hand the size of a bullet."

"There's gonna be one in her head to match if she pulls the same bull shit
she's been."

Makido pushed Tenchi back harder and knocked him backwards.

"Until then I suggest you never touch me again. Or I'll be using your skull
as a room ornament."

Makido walked away with the guys. Tenchi turned back to Ayeka.

"Ayeka. What'd you do?"

"..............oh Tenchi!"

Ayeka started to cry and ran off.

"What's going on here?"

Later that day Ryoko finally woke up but didn't leave her for sometime. She
tried her best to creep downstairs and avoid everyone. Fat chance. As soon
as
she got to the bottom of the stairs she saw Mihoshi and Kiyone, they didn't
see her. They were talking to Sasami in the kitchen. She couldn't imagine
why
and she didn't want to figure it out. She tried to slide by but it didn't
work. Mihoshi caught her and pointed her presence out.

"Hi Ryoko!"

"Oh no."

"What are you doing sneaking around and everything?"

"N-nothing."

"I think you were doing something."

"........I wanted to talk to Sasami."

"What is it Ryoko?"

"Sasami.....I'm sorry. I'm really, really, really sorry!"

"It's alright Ryoko. You didn't do anything."

"But I didn't try to stop it and I could of....I'm sorry."

"Ryoko...it's alright. And I'm sorry for what K and Makido did."

"They didn't do anything. Well Makido shot Ayeka but I don't mind that one
bit."

"Ryoko....."

"I'm gonna go see Tenchi."

Ryoko left and Sasami was very happy that Ryoko at least apologize.

"So Sasami, Makido came home yesterday. Did you talk to him or did K tell
him?"

"He knew without anyone telling him."

Mihoshi started to cry. She and Makido loved each other but he pushed her
away from him. She couldn't believe it.

"Waaaahhhhh!!! Kiyone why was he so mean to me?"

"He was pissed! Not to mention probably high or drunk."

"I think he was just mad. I've never seen Makido smoke anything or drink
anything except white russian's. I'm pretty sure he wasn't drunk though."

Mihoshi left upstairs to cry.

"Should I talk to Makido?"

"No, I'll do it. Sasami why is like that?"

"Like what?"

"He protects you all the time."

"Because he's concerned about me. He doesn't want anything bad to happen.
Besides he said it's because now that he has younger sisters he'd like to be

a big brother but I don't believe that."

"So he shot Ayeka in the hand?"

"Yes. I know he overreacts but Ayeka had it coming!"

"Sasami! She's your sister!"

"I know but three years Kiyone....I had to do that for three years! Almost
every night!"

Sasami started to cry.

"Oh Sasami. I'm sorry I didn't know."

Sasami hugged Kiyone and then went back to making lunch Kiyone followed her.

"Sasami. You said he protects you because you're his sister right?"

"Yeah."

"Well Ayeka's his sister too. He never really did seem to like her though.
Do
you know why?"

"He thinks she's a snob."

"Heh, he's got that right. I mean.."

"It's alright Kiyone, Ayeka is a snob but I still love her either way, and
no
matter what she does."

"Well I'm gonna go talk to Makido about what happened last night. You know
where he is?"

"He went to town with the guys. Hey Kiyone just outta curiosity who let you
all out?"

"Tenchi."

Kiyone went into to town and found Makido with K in a general store buying
cigarettes and Faygo.

"Makido."

"............"

Makido glanced at Kiyone and then turned away.

"Makido I have to talk to you about last night."

"Woah."

"Hey! Shut up ya little bitch!"

The general store guy put his hands up and turned back to the register.

"C'mon Makido."

".....fine. K here's some money I'll be outside."

"Why did you push Mihoshi away?"

"Why'd you think Ms. Detective?"

"I think that you think we're both lesbians."

"......yeah. That's not all of it but it's some."

"What's the rest?"

"You two are supposed to up hold the law right?"

"Yes."

"Isn't child molestation a crime."

"...........yes."

"Mmhhhmm. You didn't do anything to stop it instead you fucked Ryoko and
Mihoshi was asleep with Ayeka!"

"I know.......I'm sorry. Really I am. So is Ryoko. She came down today and
the first thing she did was apologize to Sasami."

"Well at least it's something."

"Makido, we're not lesbians. We were originally kidnaped. I mean we went to
investigate and when we realized what was going on we tried to get away but
Ryoko's a lot stronger than us. She held us down and things just
kinda.....well, uh I don't wanna explain it."

"You don't have to. I understand. You didn't like it at first but it felt
good and you couldn't help it right?"

"Yeah....how'd you know?"

"I do have other friends who are girls. They tell me the same thing."

"Are you still mad at Mihoshi?"

"Yes! Why would you think I wouldn't be? What you did was unacceptable!"

"I know."

Kiyone hung her head low in shame.

"Kiyone we have a saying in my profession. ‘Keep your mind on your axe and

your axe on your side.' You know what that means?"

"No."

"It means, keep your mind on business. All the time. I don't follow it all
the time and I know I over react sometimes but I can't help it."

"I know. Then you have to understand how things went! I tired to resist but
it didn't work."

"Kiyone I know. If you want the truth I'm really not mad at Mihoshi."

Kiyone and Mihoshi started walking down the street leaving K behind.

"Then why'd...."

"I had a lot on my mind. I realized that I don't really love Mihoshi. I like

her a lot but I don't think I love her. I know what I want in life I know
who
I want but I know it will never happen. I know it can't happen so I ignore
it
and if it starts to happen I'm gonna try to stop it."

Kiyone stopped grabbed Makido's wrist and kissed his cheek. She smiled at
him
and started walking again.

"Woah! Makido way to go!"

K caught up and ran up behind.

"Here."

K handed Makido a bottle of Vodka and other mixes.

"Oh man I am so happy for both of you. I knew it. I knew it would happen."

"Knew what would happen?"

"Man c'mon quit playin! I knew you'd end up with Kiyone! It made sense and
you look good together."

"Well, what now?"

"Whatd'ya mean?"

"Well me and you are a couple now. So what do we tell Mihoshi?"

"Hold on! Who said we're a couple?"

Kiyone kissed Makido again but this time on the mouth and slowly.

"I did."

"....sounds good. Let's just pla
