Book of Sephiroth: Sasami's Wish
A Tenchi Muyo Fanfic by Nall-ohki, ( Tyson Roberts ) Email: nall@goldengate.net
Prologue: Vision

Disclaimer: I do not own these characters, though I may love or hate
them as much as I want.

Notes:
* This Fanfic is based upon the timeline set forth by the Tenchi
OAV series, and takes place after the final 
episode thereof.
* Some minor things are barrowed from Magical Project S

---

"Tenchi-niichan!" 

There was no answer from the black void surrounding her. 

"Tenchi-niichaaaaan!" the girl called again, more desperately. 

Running frantically, she called out his name, wanting help
desperately. 

"Tenchi-nii-" the sound died in her throat as she screamed. 

"I can't breathe... help me!" the words more mouthed than spoken
as she fell to her knees, gasping for air. 

The hovering image of a woman appeared before her. The woman was
beautiful, her face marked with colorful paints, and her eyes very large. 
She had pale skin, and when she looked at the young girl, she laughed,
mocking her. 

"What a pitiful excuse for a jurai princess," she sneered. "I'm
suprised the great MOKU chose you." 

The girl fought weakly against the pain. She could feel her lungs
burn, her head throb with each passing moment without the precious oxygen
she needed to live. The desperation in her mind was beyond reason, her
heart pounding beyond it's limit she collaped to the ground and spoke his
name in silence. All the while, the woman laughed on as the girl's life
force drained from her body. 
Sasami woke up in her futon. Not giving a second thought,
ignoring her sister sleeping contentedly in the futon next to her, she sat
up and reached for the door while simultaneously wiping the tears from her
eyes and, opening the door, ran down the hall to the place she knew she
would feel truly safe.

---

Tenchi was flying. His arms spread out, he reached for the
horizon as he effortlessly soared through the air. The sky was blue as
far as the eyes could see. In the distance, he could see two parallel
purple rings, reaching towards the ground.

"This must be Jurai." he thought, noting the streams of light. 

Looking down, he confirmed this by an image of a huge forest. 
Just as the sky above, the forest stretched in all directions as far as
the boy could see. Tenchi was about to look elsewhere, but then, out of
the corner of his eye, he noticed something interesting. 
Ahead of him, the forest seemed to clear, forming a circle around
two trees in it's center. The two trees were different than the others in
several respects. One tree was large and very old. By the raw power it
seemed to eminate, the tree could very well be the epitome of it's kind. 
The second, by contrast, was small, very thin and an infant by comparison. 
By the way thier roots intertwined, the trees seemed inseparable in an
almost spiritual sense. Tenchi got the impression for a moment, that
perhaps, just perhaps, they so entwined that one could not live without
the other. 
As Tenchi approached the pair of trees to examine closer what he
saw, the trees began to change. Almost inperceptable at first, the older
tree's leaves began to brown, and then fall from thier branches. A moment
later, all the leaves were gone from it's branches. As each leaf of the
older fell, the smaller tree swayed slightly, it's small limbs shaking
violenlty as if in pain from the older tree's ordeal. The great tree,
once it's foliage had fallen, began to whither and gnarl at a rapid pace. 
Before long, the branches began to fall off at thier base, landing with
great impact in the grass. Then, Tenchi saw one of the largest limbs
directly above the young tree snap, and with a great crash, the branch
came plunging down on top of the small tree, crushing it beneath the
immense weight. The smaller tree, as young as it was, died with the old. 
The larger tree, now shed of it's limbs, was nothing but a barren
trunk. The life gone, there was nothing left in the clearing but a barren
stump, and the debris it left behind. 
Tenchi felt a great sadness wash over him. He didn't know why,
but there was reason for great despair at the demise of these trees.
Lingering there for a moment, he heard something. Behind him, there was a
gentle gust of wind. Soon the noise became louder, and then it was all
around him. Looking down at the sound, he watched as the entire forest
began to turn dark shades of crimson and brown, and fall from thier limbs,
which then in turn fell. CRASH, TAP, RUSTLE. The whole forest was dying,
creating louder and louder raps on the ground as thier broken limbs fell
to the ground. Tenchi grasped his head in terror of the event, the sound
became louder, louder... 

"Tenchi-niichan!?" came a cry from the door. 

In a cold sweat, Tenchi looked over to the door. In his nearly
fevered state, he could make out a small figure near the door. 

"Tenchi-niichan?" she called again, sobbing. There was a loud
rapping sound on the door as the person outside tried frantically to get
in. 

"Sasami!" he replied, recognizing her. She opened the door and
rushed in. 

She was still crying weakly as she ran up to and hugged him. 

"Tenchi-niichan, can I spend the night with you?" she asked him,
almost choaking on a sob as she did so. Her grip on him was tight. So
tight as to be slightly painful for the boy. Something had very badly
shaken her, he could tell. 

"Did you have a scary dream again?" he asked, holding her close as
she held her death-grip on him.

The little princess merely nodded her head against his chest. 

"Alright, I'll let you sleep here." he said, trying to seem calm
for her. 

"Thank you." was all she said. 

He lied down on his side, and the little girl snuggled up in front
of him. He looked down at her as she put her arms around him, seemingly
afraid of him leaving her. Reassuringly, he put his arm around the top of
her small body and held her firmly. Sensing this, she relaxed a little,
and slowly, contentedly, began to sleep. 
Tenchi stayed up for a long time after that. Despite his calm
exterior, he was actually quite shaken. The dream had been very real to
him. It had been more real than any dream he could remember in his entire
life. 
Sasami had had a dream that upset her too. She was a very strong
girl, Tenchi knew, but she seemed like a little flower now, small and
vunerable. Suddenly he had an overwhelming sense of Deja'vu. The last
time Sasami had come to his room late at night, she was crying as had just
now, but somehow she seemed much more urgent this time. There was
something very wrong, he realized. 
Looking down at her again, he saw the girl almost asleep. He
noted how pretty she was, sleeping there. She was so small, so content
just to be with him. He looked at her carefully, tracing her outline. 
Her hair was put up for sleep, the traditional ponytails of Jurai
protected for the night. He remarked how long they were. They seemed so
much longer than Aeka's tails, but that just could be because of the way
they stuck up in the air rather than the straight down style Aeka's took
on. Frankly, he thought, they were more like pigtails than ponytails in
Sasami's case.
Her body itself was covered in her yellow nightie, covered in
carrots. He smiled, they were so cute on her he couldn't help the action. 
As he watched, he noticed her shiver once. 

'She must be cold' he thought. Indeed, the night had gotten
colder than since he went to bed. 'I guess I should grab a blanket.'

Reaching above the floor at his head, he opened a small wall panel
which was the cover for a small cubby where the blankets were stored. He
pulled out the top one, and then closed the cover. Then, careful not to
disturb the girl as he had been during the whole motion, he placed the
cover over her as well as himself. She stirred slightly, then relaxed
again. 
He smiled. She was so sweet lying there. He wished for a moment
that she were a bit older, like Aeka and Ryoko. She was so much easier to
get along with than the other two. If only she were a little older... 
Tenchi abruptly stopped his line of thinking. What was he
thinking? He should not be thinking this way, he realized. Whatever
happened, Sasami was eight years old, and right now a very scared girl
that had come to him because she trusted him. He felt dirty for thinking
about her as anything a little sister. 
Looking down at her again, he berated the thought some more. 
Besides, if she were the age of the other two, then he'd have yet another
suitor. Yeah, that was all he needed! He almost laughed at his
foolishness... almost. 
Looking down at her he sighed and-once again disturbed-finally
laid down to go to sleep. His sleep resumed, but Tenchi did not rest that
night. 