SASAMI'S REVELATION
A fanfic by Inoue

It began one night when I found Aeka-neesama awake and
sobbing into her futon.  She was lamenting over
Tenchi-niichan's tentative plans to leave and attend
college in the fall.  How could he leave a woman like
her for some silly books, a princess no less?!  And not
even have the guts to ask for her as his fiancé before
he left?!  How stupid!  Maybe this was even a cowardly
precedent for some elopement with that monster woman
etc.  I suddenly felt sick listening to incessant
buzzing of her voice, these wretched confidences; only
then did I realize how arrogant, how selfish, how
cold-hearted my sister truly was.  This, however, was
nothing, not really even the cause of how I felt.  
It was the mortified realization that I was related by
blood to a creature so incapable of love.  
I slapped my sister -- hard.  For perhaps a moment, I
felt a pang of regret, maybe even remorse, but if I
did, its vagueness tells me that it was gone as quickly
as it came.  I'd crossed an epiphanal bridge; it was
not in my power to ever make things the same again. 
Since that day, Aeka and I have been sisters only by
name of blood.  
I found Tenchi-niichan downstairs studiously immersed
in page after endless page of text.  His face glowed,
possessed by the dim lamplight.  It was an unearthly
tableau, one so beautiful that I was content to hide
silently in the shadows for a long time and just watch.  
In my memory, I have the impression that moonlight
pierced through one of the bay windows and focused onto
a single point on the glass of his right iris.  I think
I was so moved that I slipped out into the yard for a
moment, picked a blossom from the cherry tree, and
returned to interpose the flower between the moonlight
and Tenchi-niichan so that it, like the moon, was
reflected in the pond of his eye.  Yet, I have no
recollection of the reality -- the cool, tangible
wetness or the smell -- of that blossom, but only in my
adulthood did I realize that none of that mattered. 
All that did matter was the destiny that I learned to
see for the first time that night; that much I knew was
real.  
How lonely Tenchi was!  (Like the moon in his eye?) 
That was the moment when I felt the first murmurs in my
heart secretly yearning to become one with Heaven and
Earth.  One way or another, I eventually found myself
having assumed the lotus position before him.  I felt
like a monk at prayer.  
He seemed to feel the same way towards me, the way he
looked up from his books and lifted his gaze to mine. 
His eyes seemed to scream of some unspeakable longing,
but then a sudden sadness dawned upon them like
comprehension of the moment.  
I'd disturbed him.  
I felt so guilty, and I looked away as I excused myself
so that he could not see the tears in my eyes.  But I
felt the weight of his hand on my shoulder stopping me
as I prepared to leave.  
It was an act of merciful compassion.  He asked me why
I'd come, so I told him that I did not want to be with
Aeka.  
"Give it time, Sasami-chan.  She'll be all right. 
She'll learn to miss me," he said, then suddenly turned
away from me, as if he realized something as he spoke.  
I somehow felt that I was at fault, as if what little I
said was too much.  Aeka would never miss him --
couldn't even know the feeling any more than she was
capable of knowing love -- but I would.  Yet, I somehow
knew that I could let him go -- that I would have to --
because the choice wasn't even mine; that was what
distinguished me from Aeka.  I yearned to impart these
thoughts to Tenchi, but suddenly I was conscious of a
great gulf between us.  
I nagged my brain for something to say, both an apology
to Tenchi and at the same time a means by which to
reassure myself that he was still here.  I told myself
that maybe, it would bridge the gulf and allow me even
to touch him.  But it was an eternal gulf as old as
time; what I finally said left no doubt of that.  
"Tenchi-niichan, what kind of girl do you like?"  
It was a thoughtless comment, as tacitly taboo as the
abyss that it seemed to widen was eternal.  In
mortification, I covered my mouth, thinking, even
hoping, like the little girl that I was that doing so
would deny the words, maybe even retract them.  
His answer was mercy.  
"The girl who is of my mind, body, and spirit -- that's
the one I'll marry, the one I can love and cherish for
all time."  
But it wasn't Tenchi-niichan who said those words; they
seemed to resonate from within me. 
---------------------------------

I woke up in front of a mirror.  I felt as if I had
been dreaming.  
The image of the girl I saw reciprocating my gaze
seemed to confirm my suspicions.  Perhaps she had been
the one talking of mind, body, and spirit.  She had
particularly bright eyes chiseled into her soft, but
defined, face.  A pair of deep dimples gave the overall
impression a tender quality, human and yet something
else, like a mother perhaps.  The way she wore her
hair, however; that made a person ask questions.  It
was thick, flowing, giving the face the dimension of a
refined cross between a heart and a circle, proclaiming
a maidenhood that seemed too naive for her image's
quiet warmth.  She radiated an unearthly kind of
complexity that me wonder how she could possibly be me.
I knew myself, a simple, average girl.  Nowhere in me
could I find a center consciously telling me to be the
image in the mirror.  I was convinced that something so
beautiful and unreal could be generated only by the
conscious will of some higher being.  But that I should
see it innocently in a mirror must have been the
testament of some overriding miracle, wasn't it?     
It was an old, timeless dilemma for me that began the
first time I attended Tanabata Matsuri.  Even then, my
lonely isolation was nothing new; I always have felt
inexplicably like the fifth wheel.  Sheepishly, I
wandered from the crowd of revelers until I eventually
found myself staring into the moonlit pond.  That was
the first time I truly saw my image I realized as a
collage of fireworks exploded in the background,
encompassing the moon.  
"What a cute girl!" a male voice suddenly exclaimed.  
He was talking about me! -- or rather, the image in the
pond.  It was impossible for him to mean me.  But there
again was the mirror, and, in it, I saw that
Tenchi-niichan was the one who had made the remark to
one of his friends.  
I wondered which among this myriad of mirror-moments
was real and which was a dream.  
Or maybe it didn't matter?
Suddenly, light pierced through each of the many cracks
in the blinds.  
It was morning.  
In that moment, I knew that one day Tenchi-niichan
would become my husband.  Not Ryoko-neechan's,
Oneesama's, or even Mihoshi-san's, but mine.  
My heart burst with the flame of a future love
incarnating itself in the eternal present.  
----------------------------
Notes:
A few things that I should probably explain.  Tanabata
Matsuri is a Japanese festival somewhat akin to the Western
Valentines Day.  Also, about the passage where Sasami takes
the cherry blossom and interproses it between the moon and
the mirror of Tenchi's eyes.  The primary Japanese
mythological symbols of beauty are the trilogy of flower,
moon, and mirror.  I hope you enjoyed this.  C&C more than
welcome.  Thank you.  Ja mata!