
The Sayoko Saga
Book Two: Conflict
Part II
by Devon Masterson
aoi37@hotmail.com

"You're all I know, I can't let go..."-Mariah Carey

	"You're not getting my body," Ryoko yelled as she and Tsunami clashed 
swords yet again.
	"You think I want your body," Tsunami yelled back. "I only did this for 
him. I could not bare for him to feel loss again."
	"Oh yeah, right," Ryoko replied as she swung at Tsunami. "Like I am 
suppose to believe that. You knew I wouldn't survive giving birth early and 
alone. You just waited for the opportunity."
	"I've got better things to do then hang around for eternity in your sack 
of bones," Tsunami uttered angrily.
	"So you've got better things to do then spend another life time with 
Tenchi?" Ryoko asked. Tsunami's mouth opened in shock at the implication and 
Ryoko pushed against her harder. "That's what I thought, when you get right down 
to it, you're just as selfish and jealous as everyone accused me to be."
	"Shut up," Tsunami yelled as she regained the position she lost. They 
stood in a sword push-o- war.
	"I guess in the end even a goddess is just a girl," Ryoko sneered. She 
suddenly gave in. She dropped her body downward and flipped Tsunami using her 
own weight. Tsunami flew backwards and hit a pillar floating in the void. She 
fell down towards a  chunk of rock and landed on her neck. Ryoko watched a few 
minutes and when she saw that Tsunami did not move she turned around and started 
to walk away.
	"Ryoko!" Tsunami screamed. Ryoko turned her head and was hit by a blast of 
energy. Ryoko flew backwards and Tsunami teleported behind her and knocked her 
back in the other direction. 
Ryoko hit the ground hard. "That really hurt," she grunted as she raised to her 
feet. She never knew Tsunami could be so vicious, but then she was learning a 
lot about Miss Sweet and Perfect. "Well it's nice to finally meet the true high 
and mighty, selfish, vindictive you."
Tsunami clinched her fists the negative adjectives. "At least I'm not a husband 
stealing, seducing monster in friend's clothing," Tsunami replied.
"You take that back," Ryoko screamed as she towards Tsunami.
"Got you where it hurts didn't I?" Tsunami mocked as she rushed to meet Ryoko. 
The two angry women clashed swords  and a bright light surrounded the two of 
them.

"What are you doing here?" Tenchi asked as he stood in front of the girls. He 
would protect them at all cost. Tokimi was not going destroy anybody else.
Tokimi sighed sadly as Tenchi raised his sword. "It's me Reika, Daddy."
"Do not play games with  me, Tokimi," Tenchi commanded.
"I'm Reika, Daddy," Tokimi urged. She moved forward and Tenchi brandished his 
sword to let her know he was not kidding. "Why are you being so mean to me?"
"What are you doing here?" Tenchi asked.
"I'm having a bad dream about Mommy," Tokimi answered. "She's being mean to 
herself."
Tenchi scrunched his face up in confusion. "Huh?"
"Hmm," Washu commented as she stepped out from behind Tenchi. She took out a 
device and scanned Tokimi with it. "She really believes she is Reika. Reika's 
personality has dominated over Tokimi's.  But I still don't know what's going to 
happen at the end of puberty, when she finishes the assimilation process and 
join one form."
Tenchi gave a sigh of relief and put away his sword. He would just have to faith 
in Reika and his parenting skills. "I'm sorry, honey," he said soothingly to 
Tokimi. "Tell us about the dream and I'll wake you up."
"I want to sit on your lap," Tokimi insisted.
"Absolutely not..." Aeka began when Tenchi shushed her.
Tenchi sat on the couch and Tokimi sat on his lap. To Tenchi's surprise, 
Tokimi's phantasmagoric appearance was somewhat solid. "Okay, I'm listening."
	Tokimi laid her head on his shoulder. "Mommy was trying to kill herself in 
the dream."
Tenchi's eyes widened. "Why was she trying to do that, honey?"
"I don't know," Tokimi answered, "Mommy keeps attacking herself with a sword and 
yelling."
"What color was mommy's hair, sweetie?" Tenchi asked suddenly.
"The first mommy's hair is blue and the other mommy's is gray," she answered. 
"Daddy, I keep shouting to them and they don't hear me."
"I'm getting back to work," Washu replied as she hurried back to her lab. 
"I'll help," Mihoshi added as she followed after her.
Tenchi smoothed back her gray locks. "It's going to be okay, honey. I'm going to 
wake you up and you can stay up with me awhile."
"Thank you, Daddy," she said as she disappeared.
Tenchi walked up the steps to Reika's room and gently woke up the sleeping baby. 
A mist perspiration covered her and he dried her off. She snuggled closer to 
Tenchi watched him. Tenchi looked at the mirror adjacent to him and smiled as he 
saw Reika's future self. Tokimi's eyes closed and she looked peaceful.
"Is she okay?" Aeka asked as Tenchi came down the stairs.
"She's fine now. I'm worried about her dream," Tenchi replied. "I think she can 
see what's going on between Ryoko and Tsunami."
"This is all very disturbing," Kyone added, "and there's nothing we can do. I 
feel so helpless."
"So do I," Aeka admitted as she sat down. 
"Could you watch her for a moment?" Tenchi asked as he gave Reika to Aeka.
Aeka nodded and Tenchi rushed upstairs. He stood in front of Ryoko's room for a 
moment and took a deep breath then entered. Inside he saw Ryoko laying as 
before. She had a trail of blood coming from both sides of her mouth and nose. 
Tenchi took a cloth and wiped away the blood. "This is probably my last chance," 
he thought as he kneeled by the bed.
"Ryoko and Tsunami, I don't know whether you can hear me or not," Tenchi began 
slowly, "but I need to say this. We can do it anymore, I can't do this anymore. 
You're being selfish. Well all need you, especially Reika. I am not worth you 
both losing your lives and friendship over. You know I always hated being fought 
over and it was never the way to win me. I never thought you two would ever be 
like this. I love you both. Just having you in my life made me happy. Come back 
to me!"

"Come back to me," a voice called in the distance. 
Both women stopped their fighting as they heard it. "Tenchi!" they exclaimed in 
unison. 
They both started off in the direction of the voice. "Where do you think you're 
going?" Ryoko asked.
"I'm going to Tenchi. He needs me," she answered.
"My eye," Ryoko replied, "your time has passed."
Tsunami's eyes flashed as her anger once again soared. "Why don't you just give 
it up?" she asked. "He is my husband. Even though you had his baby, he chose me 
and not you. That is something you're going to have to live with."
Ryoko balled her fists as she tried to control her anger. Her jealousy had been 
finally exposed when  she finally heard the words that she knew Tsunami had been 
hiding. "I am the mother of his child and I'm going to raise her. That is 
something you're going to have to live with."
The two women floated in space looking at each other, waiting for the other to 
attack. "Just because you slept with him once doesn't mean you can take my 
place," Tsunami said lowly. "I might have been cheated a lifetime with him but I 
won't be again."
"Then it was your plan to let Tokimi kill me," Ryoko accused. "I thought you 
were my friend. I respected you and loved you like a sister. I even..."
"Don't even try to shift things your way," Tsunami interrupted as her eyes 
started to water. "I trusted you with him and soon as you got the chance you 
stabbed me in my heart."
Ryoko shook her head. "It was not like that," she interjected. "I was drunk and 
I didn't realize what happened until the morning. It's not like I just sat there 
and watched something happen that I could have prevented."
"I could not stop her," Tsunami argued. "What was I supposed to do?"
"You could have joined with Reika and left Tokimi bodiless," Ryoko answered. 
"But you didn't because you wanted a body  that Tenchi would love again, not be 
a father to."
Tsunami's eyes narrowed, "I would never," she whispered.
Ryoko looked down then at Tsunami. "It looks like neither of us is willing to 
give him up..."
"It's to the death then," Tsunami finished.
They both raised their sword and prepared to attack. As if on signal, they both 
charged each other with the intent to kill. 
"Ryoko," Tsunami gasped.
"Tsunami," Ryoko whispered.
They each looked down and saw a sword in their chest. "Tenchi," they each said 
in unison as they fell onto a large chunk of land.
"Ryoko," Tsunami coughed, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean for this to happen. I let  
jealousy cloud me and I..."
"I'm sorry for the same thing," Ryoko interrupted as she gasped for air 
suddenly. "We were both wrong."
"Let's...start..."
"...over," Ryoko finished as her eyes closed for the last time.

"What's going on Washu?" Tenchi asked excitedly as the monitors started going 
off.
"No!" Washu exclaimed suddenly as she started doing CPR. She kept doing chest 
compressions and mouth to mouth, but there was no change. "Another child taken 
from me." Washu ran out of the room.
Tenchi and the others sat in shock. Ryoko and Tsunami were actually gone. "They 
can't be," Aeka sobbed as she leaned her head on Mihoshi, who was also crying. 
Kyone said nothing but looked down as tears started to stream down her face.
"Dead?" Tenchi asked as though the word were not his vocabulary. He suddenly 
turned around and ran out of the house and into the forest. He didn't stop 
running until he reached a high bluff that he frequented when he wanted to be 
alone. He picked up a large rock and through it with all his grief, pain, and 
frustration. "It's not supposed to be this way. I lost my mother. I lost my 
wife. I lost my second chance. Is this some kind of cosmic joke that I just 
don't get? It's not fair. I deserve to be happy and live a normal life. Why?" 
Tenchi dropped to his knees and started to sob uncontrollably. 
"Ryoko...Tsunami..." 



(c) 2001 Devon Masterson.
Another Bond Girl Production
I think we know who belongs to who, Tenchi characters belong to the wonderful 
creators, who let me borrow the characters for fun and imagination. Everybody 
else is a figment of my wonderful imagination.

