
The Sayoko Saga
Book One: Death
Part II
by Devon Masterson
aoi37@hotmail.com

	A hooded figure stood in a large planetarium and kneeled before the 
darkness. "My lady," the voice called, "I've been watching her as you have 
asked. What are your further instructions."
	The room began to illuminate with the soft light of stars as Tokimi 
appeared before her hooded servant and smiled knowingly. "I have been pleased 
with your progress thus far, you know what you should do...infiltrate."
	"Yes, my lady," the servant nodded.
	"You are dismissed until our next meeting," Tokimi commented as she waved 
the figure off. After the figure left, Tokimi looked to the shadowy figure on 
her left. "What's wrong, Tsunami, you looked displeased?"
	Tsunami narrowed her eyes as she appeared in her corporeal form. "I will 
stop you," she remarked as she faded back into the darkness.
	"Right," Tokimi replied sarcastically as she started to laugh. Her plan 
was impeccable this time. No one could possibly stop her. "Not this time," she 
added as she faded from sight.
***
	Tenchi sat in the shade by the lake. He sighed gently at the calmness. The 
fresh air was much better for his hang over than being closed up under the 
covers the way he imagined Ryoko to be at the time. He looked at the sun setting 
in the distance and started to worry. He had not seen her all day, usually 
around noon she would crankily emerge slowly and start the mischief that was 
indicative of her. "I wonder what she's up to?" he wondered as he stood. He was 
feeling much better now and he would be as right as rain by the next day.
	"Hi, Tenchi," Washu called as she walked up. "Watcha' doin'?"
	"Just enjoying some fresh air. It's so quiet out here," he answered as he 
stretched comfortably and looked out into the lake. He bowed his head slightly 
as a sad memory flitted across his mind.
	Washu put a hand on his shoulder as though she read his thoughts. She knew 
he was thinking of Sasami. They had only been married a year after all why would 
he not miss her after seeing her grow and mature. She used to be like a little 
sister then one day she was all grown up and his feelings toward her changed. 
"We miss her too," she commented softly.
"Thank you," Tenchi sighed as he stood and looked at Washu. "Knowing you girls 
are there for me helps a lot." He picked up a basket of vegetables that he 
brought from the storage shed. He had harvested them earlier that week. "Is 
Ryoko still sleeping this late?" 
Washu grinned secretly. "Oh, that slacker, she went into the city to see what 
mischief she could get into early this morning."
Tenchi shook his head and smiled. "I thought she'd be hung over after last 
night, but she always could hold her liquor better than me. At least she brought 
me home before she left. I don't remember anything from last night and I'd hate 
to wake up in the woods or something."
"She'll come back when she gets hungry," Washu added as she started to pull 
Tenchi towards the house. "Dinner's ready.  Kyone and Mihoshi are staying for 
dinner."
"It's always nice to have everybody over," Tenchi remarked. He was glad to have 
some sort of normalcy to his life with it feeling so empty these days. 
The two walked into the house, Washu walked into the dining room to check on the 
guests. Tenchi set the basket down in the kitchen and Ryo-ohki jumped on his 
head. "Hi, Ryo-ohki, I haven't seen you all day either," he commented as he 
hugged her and stroked the top of her head. She meowed in pleasure and then ran 
off into the dining room. The sounds of voices drifted into the cozy kitchen, 
her kitchen. "I miss her so much, why couldn't...things be different." He 
started to wish that Sasami hadn't made her sacrafice, but bit his tongue 
inwardly. Losing Ryoko would not have made him feel any better either. He could 
not start placing values on his loves ones lives. Even though he hurt inside, he 
knew that Sasami did what she thought was best. She knew so many things that he 
did not since she completely bonded in mind and body with Tsunami. She saved 
Ryoko for a reason, besides if were anyone's fault it was his, he should have 
protected her.  
"Are you coming, Tenchi?" Mihoshi asked as she stood in the doorway.
Tenchi was shaken from his guilt trip and smiled slightly at his long time 
friend. "Yes, I am," he answered as he joined her in the dining room. He knelt 
down on the cushion and looked at his family. His father, grandfather, and 
friends, they were all there for him supporting him and counting on him "...just 
like Sasami was..."
"I'm here," Ryoko sang as she appeared through the ceiling and floated into her 
place.
"About time, Ryoko-chan," Washu scolded as she pointed to her watch. "You're 
late and the food's getting cold."
"Sorry, Mom," she replied sarcastically. 
"Just like old times," Tenchi thought as he smiled. Ryoko always knew how to 
make things easier. 

***
Ryoko stood in front of her mirror and looked at the beginnings of her stomach 
starting to form. She sighed as she thought about how big she was going to get. 
How was she going to explain this to Tenchi? He had to know something was up. 
She had been working for Andy for five months now. Though she did not tell 
anyone that she had a job, Tenchi had to be wondering what she did with her time 
now. She had to tell him the truth, she had held off long enough. In seven 
months she was going to have his baby and then what would she do? True she could 
support herself with her legit dream job, but her baby needed a father. She 
would tell him now!
"Tenchi," Ryoko called as she sunk through the ceiling and into the living room.
"Ryoko, can I talk to you about something?" Tenchi asked.
"Sure," she replied as she sat beside him. "What is it?"
"I'm hurting," he answered. He had been holding his feelings in long enough and 
now was the time to get them out. "I miss Sasami and I don't know if I'll ever 
be happy again. I lost her because I couldn't protect her."
Ryoko's heart sank and she swallowed her own emotions. "Tenchi, there's nothing 
you could have done. Tokimi caught us off guard..."
"I know but it still hurts," he replied as he stood and went to the window. He 
looked out onto the lake and imagined his dear wife smiling back him.
"I know," Ryoko said softly. "It hurts me too, but I know she would want me to 
honor her sacrifice by living and I can't live as long as I blame myself and 
neither can you."
Tenchi turned around and looked at Ryoko. "You're right," he whispered. He 
walked over to her and hugged her. For a moment he felt a weird connection but 
then it passed. "Thank you, Ryoko."
"Anytime, Tenchi," she sighed as she playfully punched him in the shoulder.
"I'm sorry for cutting you off earlier, what was it that you wanted to say?"
"I'm...pr..obably going to miss you guys, though I'll be so close," she replied 
as she chickened out.
"Miss us?"
"I'm moving out. It's time I get out on my own," Ryoko answered. "I can't mooch 
off of you the rest of my life and there's plenty of adventure in the city."
"I see," he said sadly.
Ryoko took a deep breath. "Cheer up, Tenchi. I'll still drop by to bother you," 
she winked as she poked him playfully. "Besides, I'm going to get hungry 
eventually."
Tenchi chuckled at her last statement and nodded. "I'll have to make sure that I 
keep the kitchen stocked," he teased gently as he touched her cheek gently. "You 
know you can always come home."
Ryoko flushed but not enough for him to notice. "Thanks, Tenchi," she replied 
softly. "I have to run some errands. I'll see you later."
Tenchi waved to her as she walked through the wall and flew off towards the 
city. He opened the patio door and sat down thoughtfully.
"What's wrong, Tenchi?" Washu asked as she placed an hand on his shoulder and 
sat beside him.
He was used to her suddenly popping up on him so he did not think to jump in 
surprise. "I was just thinking how weird it's going to be without Ryoko. I never 
thought she'd leave....I wonder if..."
"If there's a man in her life?"
Tenchi flushed slightly. "She's looked after me every since we've met and now 
it's my turn to look after her. She's never been on her own here."
"Ah, I see," Washu smiled. "That's true."
"I wonder why she is leaving so soon..."
Washu's face became serious as she moved closer to him. "Tenchi...the reason she 
is leaving is because...she's pregnant. She met a young man before the attack 
and fell in love, now she's pregnant."
"What about the father?"
"He's not ready right now. He would only hater her," Washu answered. She was 
dancing around the truth like a seasoned prima ballerina. It was all true but 
carefully selected in a way that would stir his emotions as she desired.
Tenchi balled his fists in anger. "Why would he string her along..."
"I'm sure he didn't mean too...but you know Ryoko. She'd rather do things on her 
own than hurt him."
"Who is this guy! I'm going to talk to him!"
Washu shook her head in disapproval. "Right now talking to him is like talking 
to yourself, foolish and meaningless."
"What can I do for her, Washu?"
"Be there for her, Tenchi, and let her know that you support her," Washu replied 
wistfully. "She only trusts me but so much and that's my fault. There's so much 
about her past that she doesn't know."
	"Washu..."
"Do you remember the day we met?"
"Aboard Kagato's ship," Tenchi answered. A small wave of sadness washed over 
him. That was when he met Tsunami.
"Yes, you might have noticed that he has some of the same features as Ryoko."
"Now that you mention it...don't tell me..."
"Yes," Washu answered. "He is her biological father. He was the first to see my 
true form after I took this one. It had been after I had left the academy and 
decided to go freelance. He had heard of me from my academy days and sought me 
out. After spending days with him, he started to earn my trust and respect as a 
scientist. I showed him my true form and some of my secrets, one of which was 
the split dimension on Soja. I started to have feelings for him and shared 
myself with him in an intimate way. I became pregnant the third time. It seems 
that everything happens to me in threes. I was so happy at the thought of being 
a mother again. I went to the lab to tell him and he was gone along with Soja 
and a few other inventions. He accessed downloaded fifteen percent of my 
mainframe into Soja's system. He would have gotten more if I hadn't come back in 
time. Which is a good thing or he would have been difficult to beat. You're 
lucky..."
"Washu-chan," Tenchi urged.
Washu cleared her throat in embarrassment. "I decided to cut my losses and 
increase security. I changed all my passwords and security locks. That's how I 
passed the time as Ryoko grew within me. One day Kagato showed up, he contacted 
me and I agreed to meet him. I met him as I look now, a child. I didn't want him 
to see how far along I was. I knew he knew of my pregnancy. I kept having weird 
carvings that kept me out of the lab and he had apparently been keeping tabs on 
me. He told me I was not going to keep an heir that could made in his image away 
from him. There was no way I was going to let take my baby from me again! I 
escaped to the planet Jurai. I knew with so many energy signatures he would have 
difficulty tracking me and I was about to give birth at any time. I gave birth 
to Ryoko that summer. I was so proud of her, but she looked to much like Kagato 
for him to leave her alone. I engineered her cells with the mast and gave her 
unique powers. I created Ryo-ohki to be a playmate for her and placed her in 
time acceleration. In her mind she grew up at a normal pace while her body 
matured in a matter of hours. I implanted images of myself throughout her life 
but it did not go as planned. She has only a vague recollection of me before 
Mihoshi freed me on Soja."
"How did Kagato get control of Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
"If you'd listen to the story..." Washu commented annoyed then cleared her 
throat again. "I gave Ryoko the gems she wears. They reacted to her whenever she 
got near them as a baby. So I put two on her wrist and gave the other to Ryo-
ohki. I was about to release her from the time acceleration chamber when Kagato 
broke through my force field. He used the Soja to beam me into alternate space 
and imprison me with the silicon serpents. He confused Ryoko and sent her after 
Tsunami. You know the rest..."
"Why did you tell her that you sacrificed for her?" Tenchi asked.
"She doesn't trust me. Better to believe that I created her and care for her 
than to know she was involved in a sick custody battle that resulted in her gene 
alteration, her childhood is falsified, and that she should be the equivalent of  
twelve year old earth girl. Besides at least she knows that I am her biological 
mother and I can admire her from a friend stand point at least."
"I can tell you want a mother/daughter relationship wit her..."
Washu sniffed and changed the subject. "I told you that story so you'd 
understand I don't want her to be like me, alone."
"You're not alone, Washu-chan."
Washu smiled and kissed him on the forehead. "Of course not, I'm so cute and 
smart," she laughed as she opened a door way and stepped through. She waved and 
the pocket closed. "Not like that Tenchi...not like that."

	(c) 2000 Devon Masterson.
I think we know who belongs to who, Tenchi characters belong to the wonderful 
creators, who let me borrow the characters for fun and imagination. Everybody 
else is a figment of my wonderful imagination.

