
The Sayoko Saga
Book One: Death
Part IV
by Devon Masterson

	"Do they suspect anything?" Tokimi asked as her hooded servant kneeled 
before her.
	"They suspect nothing, my lady," the servant answered. "They are as they 
were before Lady Tsunami's corporeal body was destroyed."
	"Good," Tokimi smiled as she shifted her eyes to her left. "You may 
leave."
	The servant nodded and left the planetarium. Once he left Tokimi turned 
her head to fully acknowledge Tsunami's presence. "They forgot about you my 
dear. Of course you only touched their lives briefly."
	"I am not forgotten," Tsunami replied indignantly. "They have moved on, as 
they should."
	"Keep telling yourself that, dear," Tokimi laughed as she disappeared.
	Tsunami narrowed her eyes. She hadn't been able to figure out what her 
sister was exactly up to. All she knew she seemed very interested in her family. 
The whole thing was vexing. At first she thought Tokimi was after Washu again, 
but she had plenty of opportunities to grab her and did not even make an 
attempt. All of the constant surveillance was bringing about nothing but  
longing. She missed everyone and seeing them go on about their lives without her 
was becoming harder and harder. She thought about appearing to Tenchi several 
times to let him know that she was alive but without a corporeal body. How would 
she explain that to him so that he would understand and not be tortured? At 
least with him thinking that she was dead, would provide him with the chance to 
move on instead of staying faithful to a inter-dimensional being with no real 
way to be with him. 
"I should have told him,"  she thought. Now she had to be tortured as she 
watched his memory of her fade as he got on with his life. The only way she 
could be with him again would to bond with someone else on the brink of death or 
life... "She's after the baby!"  
***
"This is the life," Ryoko commented as she sat under the tree lazily. She rubbed 
her swollen belly. "Two more moths before you make your entrance."
"What's that, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked
"I was just talking to the baby," Ryoko answered as she leaned on his shoulder.
"What did Washu say about the baby your last check up?" he asked.
"Tenchi," Tsunami called as she appeared in front of them. "She's after the 
baby! You must be careful."
"Tsunami...where did you?" he began as he looked in shock.
"There's no time to explain right now," she commented as her appearance wavered. 
"Tokimi is after the baby. It's the perfect choice since the child will have 
Jurai powers as well as Ryoko's powers."
"Why would it have Jurai powers..." Tenchi began when his mind flashed back to 
the night after his birthday and he put two and two together. "Ryoko, you're 
carrying my baby?"
Ryoko still in shock from seeing Tsunami snapped to attention. "I thought you 
knew Tenchi. You said Washu told you and that you were behind me one hundred 
percent."
"I thought the baby was someone else's. I didn't know..."
"I see I shall have to implement my plan sooner than expected," Tokimi snickered 
as she appeared. "Come with me, Ryoko, I have great plans for the baby."
"No, don't touch me," Ryoko replied as she backed away from Tenchi and Tokimi. 
This was some sort of horrible nightmare that was getting more and more 
complicated. Ryoko started to float away.
"You can't escape me that easily," Tokimi smiled as she faded from sight.
"Stay away from her, Tokimi," Tenchi called as he ran after them.
Ryoko floated to the ground and started to breathe hard. She wasn't up to the 
same physical activity she once was. Sure, she could still outperform any human, 
but someone like Tokimi would be a challenge, a challenge she couldn't risk. 
"Good, I lost her,"  Ryoko thought as she looked around. She had to get 
somewhere and think about everything. 
"I'm almost home,"  she noticed. She had flown farther than she thought no 
wonder she was so tired. It had been awhile since she flew so fast, but she 
couldn't let Tokimi catch her. She started to walk cautiously to the mansion. As 
she got behind the walls of the estate, she felt the hairs stand up on her neck 
as if warning her. She turned around quickly and everything went black.

"Washu, you've got to find her," Tenchi urged as he stood behind the red-haired 
genius. 
"I can't get a fix on her anywhere and I can't tell where she is from our mind 
link. She must be unconscious."
"Unconscious!" Tenchi cried as he started pacing Ryo-ohki's deck. "This is my 
fault. I couldn't protect her."  "This is how I lost Tsunami."
"She's okay, Tenchi, and it's not your fault," Washu replied.
The others nodded in agreement. "We'll find her, Tenchi!"
"Maybe Tsunami knows where they are," Tenchi suggested suddenly as he looked 
around. Tsunami had to have been watching the whole time to know so much. He 
would just have to take a chance that she was watching now. "Tsunami, where are 
they?"
"How would she.." Kyone asked when she saw Tsunami appear faintly.
"Tenchi, come to the center of the universe. It's the only place she can 
possibly take possession," Tsunami answered. She had been listening to the whole 
exchange in silence. He was always so passionate just liked she remembered, but 
there seemed to be something more. Ryoko gave him something that she was not 
able to give him. Even though she knew it was wrong, she could not help but feel 
a twinge of jealousy. "And for what it's worth I'm sorry." She faded away. 
"The center of the universe?" Mihoshi asked curiously. "Well that'll be easy to 
find. All we have to do is keep going straight."
Kyone shook her head in annoyance. "The universe doesn't have a center or any 
other directing for that matter."
"Oh," Mihoshi commented. "How are we going to find Ryoko then?"
"Perhaps the center of the universe is the section of the universe where the 
dimensional lines converge," Washu suggested. "Tsunami and Tokimi are inter-
dimensional beings, they don't truly exist...well not here anyway. That's why 
Tsunami was so faint when she appeared to us then, she would have to have a 
corporeal body to actually be in this dimension."
"Then let's go, there's no telling what she might do," Tenchi urged.
"Right on it," Washu replied as she laid in a course.
Ryo-ohki meowed as she started to follow Washu's course. Within minutes they 
reach an area of space that seemed to be another world all it's own. Ryo-ohki 
landed on a large mass that appeared to be a land with a river running through 
it. It had a strange surreal beauty about it. 
"The mass seems to have it's own atmosphere, we should have no problem breathing 
here without our suits," Washu commented as they prepared to beam down. "I don't 
know what's out there though. The life form readings are off the wall."
They all nodded and prepared for a possible trap. Ryo-ohki beamed them down then 
changed into her lower energy form. "What is this place?" Tenchi asked.
"I've never seen anything like it," Kyone commented as she looked around.
"I've been here before," Washu  whispered as she dropped to her knees.
"Washu-chan, are you all right?" Tenchi asked as he held her.
"I'm fine, Tenchi. I just felt weird all of a sudden." She pushed him away and 
stood to her feet. 
"Welcome back, Lady Washu," a male voice greeted.
"Huh?" Washu asked dumbfounded. She had the eeriest sense of de ja vu ever since 
she stepped foot on to the surreal world. She was almost completely sure she had 
never been here before, but she couldn't shake it.
An apparition of a face appeared before them. "It has been over twenty thousand 
years..."
"I don't know who you are, but we don't have time formalities now. Where is 
Tokimi?"
"In the throne room with Lady Ryoko," the herald answered.
"Take us there," Washu ordered with confidence.
"How do you know we can trust him?" Tenchi asked lowly.
"I can't explain, but I just know we can," Washu answered.
The herald closed his eyes and they were engulfed in a light...

Ryoko opened her eyes and looked up at a smiling Tokimi. "You're finally awake." 
"Don't hurt my baby," Ryoko pleaded softly as she started to back away. Just 
once she would like a shot at leading a some what normal life with Tenchi, but 
that was all messed up now. Tokimi already ruined her life. She was not going to 
get her baby if she had anything to do with it! "If you do I will find away to 
kill you."
"I have no intention of hurting you, Ryoko-chan, or should I say mother."
"Hell that," Ryoko sneered as she tried pull her hands from above her head.
"You won't be getting out  anytime soon," she smiled.
"Tokimi, don't do this," Tsunami begged.
"Tsunami, help me!" Ryoko called.
"She can't help you," Tokimi laughed. "Her powers are equal to mine only the 
intervention of an underling would give her a fighting chance. Speaking of 
underlings, your friends are on their way here."
"Tokimi!" Tsunami called out as Tokimi's essence faded.
"No!" Ryoko screamed as she pulled at her bonds. She broke free as Tokimi's 
essence entered her body. She started to shake violently as the possession took 
place then stopped suddenly. Ryoko leaned against a wall for support as she felt 
her energy drain away from her. "Why!" She stared at Tsunami evilly.
"Ryoko..." 
"I don't want to hear it," she yelled as she dropped to her knees. "I hate you." 
She dropped her head to the floor in an effort to deal with the grief. She could 
feel the warmth in her stomach grow and surge through out her body. The baby 
wasn't even born yet and already she had let it down. 
"There was nothing I could do," Tsunami said softly.
"Bull shit," Ryoko cursed as she lifted her head and cut Tsunami with her eyes. 
"You were jealous that I was still alive and I could give him the one thing that 
weren't able to." Her breath became ragged as she made all of her feelings 
known.
"I.."
"I don't want to hear it," Ryoko yelled. Pain suddenly shot through her lower 
abdomen. She was going into labor early. She laid on her back. She was feeling 
even more woozy as she tried to deliver the baby on her own. She pushed with all 
her might and brought the baby out into the world. She held the baby gingerly as 
her ears started to ring. She felt someone touch her. Ryoko turned her head in 
what seemed like slow motion. "Tenchi," she whispered, "I know you hate me, but 
take care of our little girl."
Tenchi's eyes widened and he made some sort of plea that Ryoko could not hear. 
It almost looked like "I love you," but he seemed too far away to hear. She 
tried to fight her way back to him but with every step forward she made, he 
became twice far away. She had to know what he said. His eyes seemed so worried. 
He had such kind eyes that made you feel like even if no one else cared a damn 
about you he did.
Tears streamed down Tenchi's face as he felt Ryoko's grip slacken. He thought he 
had gotten through to her when she grabbed his arm a moments ago. Now things had 
turned for the worst. "Washu, help her....please."
"There's...there's nothing I can do," Washu sniffed. She could sense nothing 
from Ryoko through familia link. She just felt emptiness and there was nothing 
she could do. She arrived to late and failed Ryoko again.
"Tsunami, I know you can hear me," Tenchi called. "Help Ryoko please. I know you 
know a way."
"I can't," Tsunami replied as she appeared before him.
"Can't or won't?" Tenchi asked coldly as he held the baby against his chest. The 
baby appeared to be fine and healthy.
Tsunami gasped at his accusation. She looked away from Tenchi. "I love you," she 
replied then stood beside Ryoko and laid on top of her. A blue light surround 
Ryoko as Tsunami's essence joined with Ryoko. Tenchi sighed as Ryoko started to 
breathe low shallow breaths. He shook her softly and got no response of any 
kind. "Why didn't it work?" Tenchi asked. 
"She is rejecting Lady Tsunami," the herald answered. "However her will to live 
is strong, as is Lady Tsunami's."
"What can we do?" Washu asked.
"Nothing, Lady Washu," the herald replied. "The condition of her body will not 
change until the conflict is resolved."
"Why are they in conflict?" Tenchi asked incredulously.
"Only one personality can be dominant and they have both have a reason to be the 
one who dominates, and that reason is you, Tenchi."

Note:
That's kind of messed up, huh? Two women are fighting over him and the loser is 
rubbed out of existence and there is nothing he can do about it.  Hope you enjoy 
the next book ;p
D-chan


(c) 2000 Devon Masterson.
Another Bond Girl Production
I think we know who belongs to who, Tenchi characters belong to the wonderful 
creators, who let me borrow the characters for fun and imagination. Everybody 
else is a figment of my wonderful imagination.
