Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo TV is the property of AIC and Pioneer.  I am not
receiving any monetary profit from the use of their characters and plots.

This fic takes place in the Tenchi Muyo TV Universe in a setting in which
Tenchi has not yet left Jurai to go back to Earth after the Kagato battle.

Scar on My Heart
        By Ledzepfan

In a second, a life can be changed, transformed or destroyed.  A thought can
change the way the world functions.  A string of random occurrences can be
the direct cause of a major event.  Lives can collide upon a cold stage
where no winner exists, or lives can meet in a blissful atmosphere of pure
euphoria.

        Such it is with life.

        A mistake can alter the future.  One stray occurrence can shift the
future
from one in which life has no value, and chaos reigns to a world in which
people can live, in which life is cherished.  Sometimes it takes bravery to
bring about good… Other times it takes an act of gentle divination…

        … or a sacrifice.

        An entire planet of people could be spared by one miniscule factor…
this
time; the factor came in the shape of a man.

        “We need a goddamn medic over here,” a GP officer called out from
the
hustle and bustle going on around her.  Her light blue hair was damp from
sweat, a byproduct of the tension she had been enduring before.  For she had
been one of the hostages of the terrorist group, Kain, their group’s name
and purpose inspired by the legendary criminal.

        Each terrorist had worn a white mask, as the legend, Kain, had been
rumored
to wear; the mask an eerie smile that only served to unsettle those who saw
it.  The terrorist group had had no goals other than to destroy.  They had
only sought to feed on the chaos they could instill.

        There was no prophecy they had been trying to fulfill.  No greater
good.

        The officer that crouched over the fallen man in front of her had
been part
of the strike force, a joint effort by the Galaxy Police and Jurai, that had
been charged with the task of infiltrating the base that the terrorists had
set up. They had treated the situation with all the caution it deserved. The
threat Kain had put out was unheard of.  Through years of planning, they had
managed to steal one of the destructive weapons of the fabled Washu: a
weapon that had enough power to destroy a planet with little trouble.

        And the planet they had in mind had demanded them all the attention
of the
entire universe, for the planet they targeted was the planet Jurai.  The GP
and Jurain infiltration team had failed to neutralize the threat, their only
success was the further aggravation of the terrorists and the destruction of
half the infiltration team.

        She had almost been among those who had been killed.

Kain’s official announcement to the media had made no demands. It only had
stated that Jurai would be no more by the end of the day.  Evacuation of the
planet had ensued and as the Universe had planned to move against the
terrorists, Kain had made another announcement:  That any attempt to attack
them would eliminate what little time they had left before Jurai would be
destroyed.  An attack would do away with precious time that they needed to
evacuate the citizens with.

And as the political officials including Empress Aeka Jurai, Grand Marshal
Kiyone Makibi, Supreme Marshal Mihoshi Kuramitsu, First Crown Princess
Sasami Jurai and President of the Universal Science Academy, Washu Hakubi
had watched the sick smiles of the terrorists in charge via their direct
feed to Kain’s base, hope had been lost.  The full evacuation of the planet
Jurai had been commencing as fast as possible as Sasami had gazed upon the
screen with her fists clenched.

Yet a shadow moving across the background of the video screen had appeared
sparking their attention.  Immediately after the short glimpse of a figure
they had been treated to, laser blasts and the screams of Kain’s members
filled the video screen of the political officials.  And as the screen went
completely to static, a complete invasion of the base had been set up to aid
the mysterious shadow.  When the teams had arrived, the terrorists had all
been destroyed, the hostages had dismantled the weapon and a man had
staggered out of the shadows, only to collapse in front of a blue haired
hostage.

“I’m coming,” a voice called out through the mob of people.  A young man
emerged through the crowd leading a group of paramedics behind him.
Immediate recognition popped onto his face at the site of the girl.

“Jade are you okay?” he called out as he broke into a sprint.  The woman’s
face lit up despite the predicament she was in as the young man reached her
side.  She was almost prepared to jump on him with her normal enthusiasm
when a cough emitted from the man underneath her.

“Yeah,” she called out with guilt over her forgetfulness of her savior.  She
gazed down upon the man, studying him for the first time to see that he was
clothed in a dark cloak hiding his entire feature.  He lay on his back,
however the fabric of the cloaks hood covered nearly all of his face, making
him unrecognizable.

“But he’s not,” she admitted with remorse as the stranger coughed again.
She looked to wear the man had come from to see a thick trail of blood.
Immediately, she gasped at the sight and covered her mouth with her hands.

“Oh god… Akari you have to help him!” she cried out as the medic knelt down
next to the man.   She watched, as his face became an image of horror as the
hand he had placed on his neck only gave him the knowledge of a weak pulse.

“Tsunami,” he cried out as he withdrew his hand, only to reveal that the
fingertips were coated in blood.  “Get him onto a stretcher,” he signaled to
the paramedics as he placed his hand underneath the small of his patients
back.

“One, two, three, up!’ he called out as a couple paramedics aided him in
transporting the wounded man onto a stretcher.  “Get him to the ambulance,
quick,” he ordered as the medics began to take the man away.

Quickly, Akari spun around to face Jade.  “Get back to the house with the
girls,” he pleaded.  “I’ll be back home when we get him under control and in
the hospital,” he said signaling to the man he had just treated.  “Then we
can talk.”

“You better take good care of him,” she ordered giving him a hug.  He
immediately stiffened, feeling awkward by the contact.  She pulled back with
a face full of tears that she seldom, if ever, shed.

“And that’s just talk between you and me.  No prissy restaurant hostess
involved,” the beautiful blue haired woman clarified with a smile, though
tears continued to drop out of her eyes.

“It’s a deal,” he agreed as he turned around and ran off toward the
ambulance.  He jumped aboard the floating ship, designated ambulance by it’s
paint job, in one swift motion leaving behind the blue haired woman to cry
as she hugged herself; the look she had gotten of the wounded man when he
had been put onto the stretcher, forever burned into her mind.

“What’s your name,” the cloaked figure asked from the stretcher as the
ambulance continued to drive on.  The black haired medic that was connecting
an IV to the figures arm stopped, taken aback.

“Sir, try to conserve your energy,” he rebuked as he laid out some tools in
front of him.  Akari shifted his gave to the still undecipherable face of
the man he was treating.  He approached the man and shed away the hood to
reveal a person that looked at the most, five years older than his
twenty-year-old self.

“Was that beautiful women your girlfriend? Wife perhaps?” the wounded
patient continued, ignoring Akari’s warning.  “By the way, kid, what’s your
name?”

Akari grimaced as the wounded man ignored his orders.  “Really, you need to
stop talking to save all your energy,” he said again, darting beyond
revealing any more about his patients predicament.  He began to move to
attach medical equipment to the patient to help heal him only to have his
hand swatted away.

“God damn it, I know I’m dieing,” the patient yelled, getting frustrated.
“Let me die on my own terms… it’s not even worth it to try and save me.
Please,” he pleaded.  Without warning a trail of blood began to leak out of
both sides of his mouth.  “Well let’s hear it,” he said, wiping the blood
off with his cloak.

“Akari Kamiya,” he said, blushing from embarrassment.  “And no she isn’t.”

“Isn’t which one?” the patient continued to pry.

The blush on the medics face became even darker as he answered.  “She’s just
a friend that lives with me and some other girls.”

“Lemme guess, Girl troubles?” the wounded man laughed.  He immediately
regretted it as pain filled his entire being.

“You don’t know the half of it,” the medic replied as he sat down next to
the makeshift bed that his patient laid on inside the ambulance.  He let out
a sigh as the man that lay next to him began to chuckle again.

“I think I know more about it than you think,” the patient cryptically
replied as he closed his eyes in remembrance.  He slowly opened them again
and gazed upon the medic with a serious expression.

“Are you in love with one of them?” he asked quietly.

For a moment, the medic was taken aback.  He began to stutter but a lack of
courage tore his eye contact away from his patients.  Yet the serious
expression on the older mans face haunted his vision and demanded that he
answer.  Lowering his head as he began to blush again, the medic answered:
“Yes I am.”

“And do you plan on acting on these emotions?” the patient pried.

“Of course not,” Akari declared standing up.  “If I do that, I’ll hurt the
other.  I mean, there are six girls that live with me and two are in love
with me.  The others might have crushes or whatever but they’re all like
sisters to me…  except for-“

“-the one that your in love with,” the patient finished.  His gaze never
wavered as he fought through the pain swelling in his body.   “You have to
make a choice before it’s too late,” the older man stated.  “At least tell
her your feelings.”

“How do you know what I should do?  Who are you to say anything?” Akari
asked, his temper flaring.  He glared at his patient, a reflection of the
tender ground that the wounded man had been walking upon.

“If you need convincing,” the older man sighed.  “Then let me tell you a
story….” He gathered up all the energy that he could before beginning his
tale, his desire to set right a possible wrong giving him strength to speak.

        Tenchi Masaki walked down the corridor of the Jurai Imperial Palace
aimlessly, simply listening to his footsteps echo in the empty corridor.
The word empty was a perfect description of the void he felt inside.  Two
pairs of footsteps that were not his own began to faintly sound off in the
background.

        Tenchi resigned himself to wait for the footsteps to approach him as
he sat
down against the wall in the hallway.  His face was straight yet his eyes
looked sad and lost.  He extended his legs out and sat with his upper torso
against the wall, and leaned his head back to stare at the ceiling.

        Blankly, he stared on, his eyes piercing through the walls to some
far off
place where a woman with cyan hair floated with a smile of happiness on her
face.  His face almost broke into a smile at the thought of the mischievous
pirate.

        She phased down through the ceiling with a face full of love as his
brown
eyes gazed upward.  “Ryoko,” Tenchi uttered in disbelief.  “But where were
you,” he exclaimed as he jumped to his feet.

        “Did you miss me Tenchi,” she cooed as she leaned on his shoulder
and drew
circles on his chest with one finger.  “Because I happen to know a way we
can get reacquainted,” she taunted.

        “B-b-b-but Ryoko,” he managed to get out as she began to drag him
towards a
door.  “Here?” he asked.  “Out in the public?”

        “You mean you want to Tenchi?” Ryoko asked, excitement apparent in
her
voice.

        Tenchi gulped loudly but did not object.  Ryoko began to spin him
around in
a circle with happiness, giggling as she did.  Her happy demeanor diffused
into his body and he found himself laughing along with her.  Loud footsteps
brought them both out of their happy reverie as two people crept ever closer
to them.

        “Well, I have to head off for a couple minutes,” Ryoko taunted as
she began
to float into the ceiling.  She blew a kiss goodbye as Azaka and Kamidake
rounded the corner, their faces taught with worry.

        “Lord Tenchi, we have been sent to inform you that dinner is ready,”
Azaka
said as he and Kamidake bowed.

        “Princess Sasami has been working on a special dinner for you,”
Kamidake
added.  He began to chuckle with amusement.   “She’s been working all day in
the kitchen in hopes that it will cheer you up.”

        “And by the way it smells,” Azaka laughed heartily.  “It should be
able to
fix any bad mood.”

        “Well then lead the way,” Tenchi laughed.  “I sure wouldn’t want to
disappoint Sasami.”  Tenchi walked with newfound strength as the knights led
him to the dining hall.  Enthusiastically, Tenchi sat down at the dining
table, happier than the family had seen him since his battle with Kagato.

        “Where were you at dinner tonight?” Tenchi asked as he sat down on
the
roof.  “It’s no use trying to hide Ryoko, I know you’re here.”  Tenchi lay
down on his back as the cyan haired beauty teleported to the air in front of
him.

        “Aww Tenchi,” she whined, playing for sympathy.  “Why would I want
to share
the table with that ugly princess of yours.  Besides, sneaking around the
palace is much more fun than actually meeting up with everybody.”  She
laughed arrogantly as she began to boast.  “Not a guard in this palace has
even begun to suspect that I’m around here.”

        “You know Ryoko,” Tenchi rebuked.  “You really should try and at
least let
everyone know that your back.  Aeka thinks she has free reign over me right
now.  I’m surprised I’m not on a leash with her standing behind me, whip in
hand,” Tenchi teased.

        Ryoko looked at his smiling face and bit her lip.  Tenchi watched
with
amusement as her face turned a most interesting shade of red and her cheeks
puffed out.  Unable to contain herself any longer, she burst out laughing
her voice a melodious tune that Tenchi craved to hear.

        “Tenchi,” she managed to stagger out before bursting out into
another fit
of giggles.  “D-d-d-did you just?” She couldn’t complete her sentence as her
attempt to calm herself failed and she began to laugh hysterically again,
floating up into the air with her high spirits.

        Finally, her laughter broke and she let out a content sigh, a happy
feeling
covering her being.  “Gee Tenchi,” she began.  “I think that’s the first
time I’ve ever heard you make fun of someone.  I didn’t know you had it in
you.”

        “Come on, Ryoko,” Tenchi said.  “I didn’t make fun of her… well
actually I
did.  But it’s not like it’s the first time I’ve made fun of someone.” He
grinned as she floated down onto the palace roof.

        “Oh yeah, well name someone else you’ve made fun of,” she taunted
back.
She looked on with her playful golden eyes, a gleam in her eyes that he
rarely saw with her before.  But that gleam hadn’t left her eyes since he
had first met up with her before dinner.

        “Well let’s see… there was… err… I mean that I always made fun of…”
Tenchi
rambled on deep in thought.  Ryoko burst out in laughter again as Tenchi
struggled to find an answer.  Tenchi frowned a little at the laughter she
was having at his expense.  “I just want you to know that the reason I can’t
think of a name is because I’ve picked on so many people out there that I
can’t remember whom I’ve picked on.”

        This only served to make Ryoko laugh till she could barely control
herself.
  Tenchi’s frown soon turned upside down as he joined her in that blissful
laughter.  Their laughter echoed on as they both enjoyed each other’s
company.

        “Tenchi this is the most I’ve ever laughed,” Ryoko admitted as
Tenchi let
out a sigh, enjoying the happy feeling coursing through his body.  “Who
would’ve thought you could be such a comedian,” she pointed out as she lay
on her back and stared up at the sky.

        “Hey Tenchi,” she asked, as his gaze met the same speckled sea as
hers.

        “Huh?” he asked, still enjoying the view of the night sky.

        “Aren’t the stars beautiful?”  She sighed as she stared up at the
night
sky, the moon casting it’s paled glow on her face making her eyes sparkle
and her hair even lighter.  Tenchi found his attention moving from the stars
above to the women lying beside him.

        His entire awareness was caught as he continued to gaze upon her
beauty.
“Yeah beautiful,” he murmured, his eyes totally focused on her.  His eyes
took in everything…

        From her pale skin to her feline eyes and her carefree smirk, she
was
absolutely alluring.  He even caught wind of the small fangs that just
barely showed beneath her upper lip.   And with every look, he found himself
with the desire to stare at her beauty even more.  His stomach felt as if it
was about to explode with excitement and his breathing got deeper.

        She looked over at him, her senses taking wind of the changes going
through
his body.  She felt her own body matching his own butterflies and deep
breathing as Tenchi began to lower his head towards hers.

        A million emotions ran through his being as his lips made gentle
contact
with her lips.  She moaned with pleasure as his mouth slowly began to kiss
her.  The kiss was neither an explosion of passion nor a peck on the cheek
between two friends.  It was a soul-searching kiss.  The kind of kiss shared
between two people who truly meet their others true self for the first time.
  A kiss shared by soul mates.

        Time became nonexistent as the two continued kissing.  And ever so
slowly,
they broke apart, blushing, panting and happy.  Tenchi yawned as he began to
stand up a happy smile on his face.  “Well I’m tired so I’m going to head
in,” he began.

        “And don’t worry, I’ll play along and not let anyone know that
you’re
here,” he laughed.  She smiled, the happiest he had ever seen her before.

        “Goodnight Tenchi,” she murmured, her mind unbelieving and utterly
astounded.

        “Goodnight Ryoko,” he said, retreating back into the window of the
Jurain
palace.  He turned around to face her once more as he but a foot on the
bottom of the windowsill.  “Still, you got to admit.  Aeka must be into S
and M,” he joked as he disappeared into his room.  The only sound he left
behind was that of a hysterically laughing pirate.

        “Lord Tenchi,” Aeka said with a gentle rap at the door of Tenchi’s
designated room in the Jurain palace.  Of course, to say it was a room was a
little off.  Tenchi grimaced as he made his way from one end of his “room”
which was easily as big as his house, complete with three floors, to the
door.  ‘God this place is huge,’ he thought again, he had been thinking
nothing else since he had been shown the room.  ‘Way to big for my tastes,’
he added, his grimace a direct result of his distaste.

        Well there was one thing that had occupied his brain but he had not
seen
her yet that morning, as she was still probably playing hide-and-seek with
the Jurain guards.  He let out a laugh as he thought of his cyan haired
friend tapping a guard on the back only to teleport away when the guard went
to spin around leaving the said guard completely confused.

        “Coming,” Tenchi called out his face working into a smile.  ‘Though
I
wonder what Miss Aeka is here about,’ Tenchi thought as he neared the door.
‘Maybe it’s to ask again if I will ascend the throne.’

        He sighed hoping that it was not the case.  ‘Simply put,’ he
concluded. ‘I
am not a king.  I don’t have the qualities to be a king, and honestly, I
don’t want to be a king.  I’m just looking forward to going home to the
carnival.’  His face lit up into an even brighter smile.

        “Hello Miss Aeka,” Tenchi greeted as he opened the door.  “How are
you
doing today?”

        “Fine Lord Tenchi,” Aeka answered hesitantly.  Her hands were
playing with
the fabric of her royal kimono, an action Tenchi was sure that was not that
of a princess.  Aeka was usually very aware of the little things, making
sure that her regal appearance was correct.  She must have had a lot on her
mind to be falling short of her ideal appearance.

         “Lord Tenchi,” she started, her fingers rubbing up and down her
kimono at
an even faster rate.  “I… I want you to know that you don’t have to worry,”
she stated.  She took a breath as she prepared to continue.  She had been
working out the conversation in her head all day, and with the coming of the
evening hours, she had gained enough courage to confront the prince.
“Everyone has been depressed since Ryoko has yet to come back, but I would
like you to know that we have a good portion of the Jurain fleet looking for
her.”

        “Ryoko?” Tenchi asked as a shock of cyan hair phased through the
back wall
of the hallway in which Aeka was standing.  The pirate winked at him as she
stuck her tongue out at the purple haired princess.

        “Yes…” Aeka admitted with a blush.  “Everyone has been so utterly
miserable
around here without her presence.”

        “Well why don’t you come in, instead of standing in the hallway,”
Tenchi
interrupted as Ryoko came closer to the princess, almost to the point of
contact.  Tenchi led her into a living room of sorts and took a seat on the
loveseat across from the TV.

        Aeka herself, sat down on the couch, placing her hands in her lap.
The
slump to her shoulders and sad aura her face held gave her the illusion of
being very small.  She looked even sadder as she made eye contact with
Tenchi.

        “I fear that I miss her terribly,” Aeka stated as she hugged her
upper
torso.  “I never thought that I would miss her so much but…” Aeka swallowed
as she felt her composure beginning to break.

        “The sooner we find her and bring her back here,” Aeka stated, “the
better.
  Everyone is terribly lonely without her bright presence.  Lord Tenchi, I
just want you to know that you have my vow that I will find her, no matter
how much effort it takes on my part,” she declared.

        Tenchi watched as Ryoko looked taken aback for a moment.  She had
followed
the pair into the room and situated herself, floating just behind the couch.
  Tenchi had been watching her carefully; his attention glued to her every
move.

        “Miss Aeka, I wouldn’t worry…” Tenchi started but cut himself off as
his
eyes registered Ryoko’s shaking head and her lips form the words, “Don’t
tell her yet.”  Respecting the golden-eyed woman’s wishes he just sighed and
looked down at the fragile looking princess.

        “Thank you Miss Aeka,” he said his eyes looking upon her face.  “I
have no
doubt in my mind that you will find her.”

        “Lord Tenchi,” Aeka began standing up.  “I just want you to know
that I am
here for you if you need it.  We all are, and we would all want you to know
that you can confide anything in us.”  She straightened her back and turned
to leave, Ryoko teleporting away just in time to avoid being seen.

        Damn did he ever want to tell Aeka that Ryoko had been in that very
room…
to put the woman’s worries to rest.  But he respected the pirate’s wishes
and did not speak of that.  Instead the words to escape his mouth were only
that of bidding the princess a good day.

        “It was nice to see you Lord Tenchi,” Aeka replied heading to the
door,
followed by Tenchi.  “I will see you at dinner in a couple hours,” she said
as she turned around to face him once more.  Ever so slowly, she began to
inch towards him before suddenly hugging him with all her might.

        “I’m sure we’ll find her,” Aeka cried out as she let go of him and
ran out
of the room, tears streaming down her face.  Tenchi only found himself able
to stand there, staring at a drop of moisture on the floor.

        The telltale sound of teleportation brought him out of his
astonishment.
“I never knew she cared so much,” Ryoko admitted as she floated over to
Tenchi and shut the door.

        “Well she does,” Tenchi snapped.  His heart was awhirl in confusion.
“Ryoko, is this just a game?” he asked incredulously.  “Everybody’s missing
you, and yet you don’t reveal yourself to anyone but me.  You’re hurting
them.”

        “Tenchi believe me, I’d love to tell them but I can’t,” she replied
back, a
few tears leaking out of her eyes.  “But Tenchi, lets forget about it all
for now because it’ll all be taken care of soon,” she said, a smile
spreading across her face.  “And besides, I want to hold you to what you
said before.”

        “Ryoko,” he managed to get out.  His walls crumbled though as he
looked
upon the face he had missed with all his heart.  “Okay,” he consented.

        Her features lit up as she jumped on him, planting a passionate kiss
on his
lips and hugging his body close to hers.  Tenchi pulled back for a moment to
smile at her face as he fazed upon her beauty.  He lifted his hand up to her
face slowly and began to trace his fingers across her features.

        His fingers slowly ran across every aspect of her face,
immortalizing her
in his heart and capturing that moment for him to always remember.  “I
missed you so much,” he admitted as he moved his hands toward the back of
her head and pulled her into another passionate kiss.

His hands began to lower exploring her body, and burning it into his being.
Every touch served to remind him that she was his as he was hers.  For as
long as he would live, he would cherish this memory of an intimacy that he
had dreamed of with the woman he loved.  Ryoko gasped in excitement and then
began to lead him up the stairs and into his room.  As Tenchi felt himself
being pulled up and into his bedroom his grip on reality was lost.  Soon
clothes stood piled on the floor, discarded as another pair of lovers were
born.

        Tenchi smiled as he woke up, the memory of the previous experience
freshly
ingrained in his memory.  He reached out for another warm body next to his
remembering what he had been trying to say before sleep had carried him
away.

        “I love you Ryoko,” he murmured as his hands searched for another
body.
Confusion wrought on his face as his hands only met thin air.  “What?” he
muttered as he opened his eyes and gazed upon the bed.

        The darkness of night was heavy in the room, a single candle
providing the
only illumination.   But the thing that made his heart tense was the fact
that no one slept next to him.  He nearly fell of the bed in amazement as he
noticed that he was fully clothed.

        His brain immediately became active searching for any scenario as to
what
brought him to his current situation.  Hearing the familiar footsteps of the
Jurain princess, the same delicate step that he had been used to hearing
walk away from the door to his room brought awareness into his mind.

        ‘She must have heard Aeka coming and dressed me and then teleported
away,
to avoid problems,’ he rationalized.  ‘I still wish I had gotten to tell her
I loved her last night.’  In the aftermath of their passions when he had
planned his confession, he had found his mouth unable to work correctly, too
shell-shocked from the activities he had just experienced.

        He had drifted off to sleep with his mind determined to confess his
love to
her as soon as he had woken up.  The First Crown Princess of Jurai, however,
had apparently put his plan, on delay by the untimely check up.

        ‘I’ll just tell her when she gets back,’ he reasoned.  ‘But I wonder
what
she meant last night,’ he questioned internally as a memory graced his mind.
  Ryoko had looked upon him with a happy smile, sleep setting in with both
of them and had murmured, “Don’t worry, I’ll scope out everywhere that you
can take me for our dates. So I’m warning you right now, you better be
prepared when you come to me.”

        He was unable to ponder any longer as a soft voice called out his
name.
“Tenchi? Are you awake?”  Tenchi immediately shot his gaze to the shadows in
the corner of his room.

        “Who is that?” he questioned as his eyes became adjusted to the
darkness.
It was a woman, but it most certainly wasn’t his Ryoko.  The figure in the
shadows, slowly stepped forward to reveal a dark cloak, light purple hair
and crimson eyes.

        “Nagi?” Tenchi asked with surprise evident in his voice.  “What are
you
doing here?”

        A pair of tears slowly left each of her red eyes as she grabbed
Tenchi by
his shirt and moved over to the window throwing her cabbit out it into the
sky.  “Chau!” Ken-ohki cried as he transformed into a ship.

        “You’re coming with me,” she stated as both she and the prince
disappeared
into the ship leaving behind nothing but an empty bed.  And as mysteriously
as the candle had lit, it flickered, pulsating, searching for all the life
it had left.  And with a final flash of fury, it went out, nevermore to
caress the light.

        “Nagi? What the hell are we doing?” Tenchi cried out as he stood in
front
of her.  She had shaken off every question he had asked and he was losing
his temper.  “Tell me what is going on,” he demanded.

        Suddenly the ship came to a quick and immediate stop.  Tenchi flew
to the
ground as Nagi braced herself against the captain’s chair of Ken-ohki.
Wordlessly, with a gaze full of tears she pressed a button on a crystal that
appeared in front of her and the two were transported again.

        “What the fuck is going on?” Tenchi asked with more force than he
had ever
used before.  This served only to accomplish one thing.  The stone-faced
Nagi, who had never shown any weakness before began to sob.

        “Miss Nagi, we are here as instructed,” Princess Aeka Jurai stated
as she
teleported to the area in which Tenchi and Nagi already were.  The princess
gasped in recognition as she gazed upon the interior of a spaceship.
Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu and she had been advised by the Bounty Hunter to
follow her as she had said that she needed to show them all something.

        But now as she gazed upon an all too familiar surrounding a feeling
of
dread swept over her.  “Oh my god, it’s Ryo-ohki,” she murmured as she gazed
around the ships interior.  This served to pry Tenchi from his anger and
bring a smile to his face.

        “Ryoko,” he called out happily as he saw a shock of cyan hair pool
out over
the top of the captain’s chair.  He happily ran over to her hoping to get a
better look of the woman he loved with all his heart as a crystal with
Ryo-ohki’s face appeared in front of him blocking his way.

        “Don’t go there,” a young female voice cried out as Tenchi pushed by
the
crystals that were now trying to prevent his movement.

        “Stop it,” he yelled as he successfully broke thought the barrier
and
landed on the floor next to captains chair.  “Ugh,” he muttered as he picked
up his head up off the red floor.  His heart threatened to explode as he
realized that Ryo-ohki had never had a red floor.

        “Ryoko,” he wheezed out as adrenaline surge throughout his being.
His eyes
only met with the sleeping pirate.  “Ryoko,” he called even louder as he
looked at her body, her arm dangling loosely off the side of the chair and
her head slumped against her shoulder.

        “Ryoko!” he screamed as he poked her.  “Oh god, oh god,” he began to
chant
as he shook her shoulder.  “No god!” he cried out as he continued to shake
her.

        “Oh Tsunami,” Aeka whispered as she put her hands in front of her
mouth.

        In a flash, Washu was beside Tenchi with her fingers working as fast
as
they could, flying across the keyboard.  She screamed in frustration and
collapsed onto the floor with the findings she had discovered.

        “You can’t be dead,” Tenchi cried, collapsing onto the still form of
Ryoko.
  “Wake up,” he chanted. “Wake up, wake up, wake up…” He pulled her onto the
floor and tilted her head back, opening up her pathway.

        Lowering his head to hers, he made contact with her lips and blew a
breath
into her lungs.  Moving away from her head, he put his hands down on her
chest and began to push down in quick thrusts, all the while chanting “Wake
up.”

        The group watched on as Tenchi futilely continued to administer CPR.
Tears
were coursing down the man's face as he continued to try and restore life to
her all the while commanding for her to wake up.

        “Tenchi for Gods sakes, she’s dead!”  Washu cried out from the
ground
before bursting into tears.  Her red hair shook as she convulsed on the
ground, overtaken by her grief.

        Tenchi stood up with disbelief written across his face.  His eyes
were wide
as he backed away from the group, his motions awkward.  His mouth hung open,
as he whispered “no” over and over again.

        “It’s true,” the little girls voice called out in his head.  “She’s
been
dead for over a week, I couldn’t get her to help fast enough,” the voice
cried.  “She said that she wanted you to know that she loved you with all
her heart and that this link with me is the only thing beyond that she could
give.  And she said that she’ll always be watching over your shoulder so
stay out of trouble,” Ryo-ohki said with despair.

        “I don’t believe it,” Tenchi muttered to himself, his eyes haunted.

        “Then who was that… who was the woman who I laughed with… the person
I
made… made… the person I made love to?  God damn it! Ryoko!” he screamed
with all his soul.  “Ryoko,” he whispered.

        “Lord Tenchi,” Aeka began with a shaky voice.

        “No stay away,” Tenchi yelled backing away from the group.
“Ryo-ohki, send
them back to their ships,” he ordered as he fell to the ground and threw up.
  Slowly the group was transported off the ship, leaving behind only Tenchi
convulsing on the ground with grief.

        “Fly Ryo-ohki,” he commanded as he fell onto his back from his
kneeling
position.

        She couldn’t be dead… there was no way in hell.  Goddamn it, she was
too
stubborn to die.  Any minute now, she would pop up through the floor of the
ship with as smile on her face and say, “Gotcha Tenchi.  Now that ought to
teach you to appreciate me a little more.”

        But she didn’t.  Her body lay still on the ground, a serene smile on
her
face…  She looked like a moment of perfection, immortalized in peace.
Goddamn it! If he could just wake up, this would all be a dream and he would
get on his life.

        He had long since become a victim of Ryoko’s charms.  For heavens
sake, he
had been madly in love with her.  But he had made a vow that he would never
forsake any of the girls.  Promising that he would go on a trip with her
when they were done had been all he could do to not take off with her.  As
evil as it sounded to forsake Aeka, it was a different matter when it dealt
with the person he loved more than life itself.

        He had been so happy when she had come back.  He would finally
buckle down
and tell her that he loved her with all his being.  But god, she hadn’t been
back.  Maybe it had been a trick by his mind, an aftereffect of stress from
worrying about her.

        Perhaps it had been her from the afterlife. Maybe it had been her
ghost
back to reassure him of her feelings and to give him some last happy
memories.  God did he miss her.

        Her body was lying next to him, but her soul was a lifetime away.
God did
he ever miss her.  The pain that surged through him was numbing… he couldn’t
cry.  He couldn’t speak.  He could do nothing more than stare out into
space.

        Why hadn’t she had told him about her injuries?  He would have
dropped
everything, forsaken Aeka if need be to save her.

        But god, she had turned the other cheek, her mind probably assuming
that he
had chosen Aeka because of his actions and had sacrificed herself so that he
could be reunited with Aeka.  If she had only known…

        But it was his fault she didn’t know.  He had never told her,
fearing the
consequences and in the end, it had cost him the life of the woman he loved.
  His mistake had killed her…

        He had killed her…

        Maybe it had not been him who had thrown the energy blast at her but
it
might as well have been.

        He had killed the woman he loved.

        Without a second thought he reached into his robes and pulled out
the
Tenchi-ken.  Not even stopping to consider it, he ignited the blade and
placed it close to his neck.  He was a monster and a monster could not be
permitted to live.  Indeed, the only things that monsters like him could do
were hurt others.

        “Live Tenchi,” a familiar voice called.

        “Ryoko?” he called out only to see the transparent image of his
lover
appear in front of him.

        “Live for me,” she pleaded with a warm smile.

        “But I can’t live without you,” he cried out.  Sobs began to tear
out of
him as any emotional barriers that had been holding his numb composure fell.
  God did life hurt.

        “I’ll never forget what we shared,” she rebuked.  “But Tenchi, there
is
still so much more good you can do in this universe.  And remember, I still
have to pick out all the spots I want to take me to when you do come.  I
plan on a dating binge,” she said mischievously.

        “Live on, my love,” she whispered one last time as her visage faded
into
the darkness of the ship.

        “I will live,” Tenchi declared.  “But I can never atone for what I
have
done,” he declared resolutely.  The only feeling that intermixed the great
grief he felt was one raw emotion… one that he had never truly felt before.
Tenchi experienced hate like no other… the person he hated was neither
Kagato nor any other person he had ever met.  The only person Tenchi Masaki
ever truly hated with the core of his being…

        …was himself.

        And as the ship sailed on, Tenchi continued to cry.  He would weep,
dream
and hate for the rest of his days, the pain lessening with time but still a
painful scar.  A scar on his heart…

        “My god,” Akari muttered in disbelief.  Tears fell down from his
eyes
matching the tears from the dying man in front of him.  “Whatever happened
to the man?” he managed to get out when he had gained enough composure.

        The man in front of the medic took a long painful breath as he
answered the
question, his strength beginning to recede.   “He tattooed his loves name on
his shoulder as a reminder that she was always watching over him,” the man
said weakly.  After a coughing fit he continued.  “From that day forth, he
became a wanderer, moving about doing good, but never forgetting his mistake
and his sin.”

        “He never stopped hating himself,” the man snorted bitterly.  “He
always
hated himself for killing his love.  Which is why you must confess,” the
dying man pleaded.  “You never know what might happen.  He never even got to
tell her that he loved her.

        “That much might have saved her life, kept his family together and
worked
out well for everyone,” he said.  “But then again, he did a lot of good,
which might have never been done had not a sacrifice been made.  All I can
say is that he never forgave himself.  The good he did would never…could
never atone for his sin…  at least in his eyes.

“So go home and tell her that you love her,” the man said his voice barely
audible.  “By the way,” he said, fighting through the pain and holding onto
life as best he could.  He had to do one more thing before he could pass on.
  “Is it that one that looked about ready to glomp you today,” he asked with
a faint grin.

        “Yes,” the medic replied with another blush.

        “Thought so,” the dying man replied.  “Here is instructions on where
I want
to be buried,” he said softly, his hand shakily reaching to the pocket of
his pants.  He slowly pulled out a small black box.  “Everything is in
there,” he stated, his being feeling very heavy.

        “I’ll tell her, and be sure to follow your instructions,” the medic
replied
grimly, tears beginning to course down his cheeks as he watched the man in
front of him die.

        “And when the time comes, you can use it’s contents.  A medics
salary can’t
be that much,” the man said to Akari as his vision began to darken.  “Don’t
hold yourself responsible for my death, I have waited for this for longer
than you can imagine.”

        “I…” the medic got out.  What could he say to something like that?
Instead, he watched painfully as the man in front of him continued dying.
Suddenly he medic’s patients eyes lit up as if he was seeing the one thing
that could bring happiness to his soul.

        “You came,” the dying man murmured as a glowing figure filled his
vision.
“I knew you would.  And now we can be together.”  The glowing woman before
him smiled serenely as she descended onto him.

        “I think it’s about time you have found forgiveness for yourself,”
the
woman stated happily.  “Come with me, and forget about our mistakes.  You
have a promise to fill,” she eased.

        “And if you think your gonna get off with making me abstain from sex
just
because of a little difference in life and death, you're sorely mistaken
mister.  And don’t forget, your promise.  I’ve found tons of places I want
you to take me…”

        Akari watched with a heavy heart as the man in front of him let
loose one
content laugh.  A laugh of pure exhilaration and happiness as he gazed upon
something that only his eyes could see.  And with a final word, his voice
died out and his eyes became glazed over.  His chest ceased rising as the
man who had lived with so much pain died.

        Akari held his breath as he tore open the cloak revealing the man's
tanned
skin.  With a short laugh, he gazed upon the name he found on the man's left
shoulder.  “Ryoko,” he said, the word the man he gazed upon had uttered in
death, and the name tattooed on his shoulder.

        “Thank you,” he murmured as he closed his eyes in grief and
thankfulness.
He opened the black box he had been given to gaze upon an engagement ring, a
folded up letter and a picture of a cyan haired woman with golden eyes and a
mischievous smile.

        “Jade, you don’t have to come,” Akari said as he finished packing up
his
luggage into the spaceship.  He would transport the body to Earth to Okayama
in Japan specifically.  And there, he would bury the man who had taught him
so much next to the grave of the women he loved, at the small Masaki shrine.

        “This man saved my life,” she shot back.  “Well even though he did
save all
of Jurai, he still was next to me and took the laser blast for me when the
terrorist began shooting,” she retorted.  “I at least owe him this much.”

        “And besides Akari-poo,” the woman cooed as she glomped onto his
shoulder
as they stood in the loading dock at the local spaceship launch.  “It’s a
long trip and I know plenty of ways for us to entertain ourselves,” she
purred.

        She smiled seductively as she began to draw little circles on his
shoulder
with one of her fingers.  “Don’t you want me to come, Akari-chan?”

        The dead man’s words, still fresh in his head, he gathered his
courage and
took his stand.  “I do Jade.  In fact… I kind of…” His face turned red as he
continued.  “I kind of want you to come with me everywhere.”

        “Akari?” the woman asked, stunned beyond belief.

        “What I’m trying to say is that… I love you Jade and I always will,”
Akari
managed to get out.  His face was crimson red and he wore a goofy yet happy
smile.

        “I love you too,” the GP officer managed to get out before their
heads
began to approach.  Time stood still as the two’s lips locked together in a
soul searching kiss.  A kiss shared between soul mates that had found one
another.

        And as the sun began to set, shrouding the couples features, one
could
almost swear that they saw a young brown eyed, black haired man, kissing a
golden eyed, cyan haired woman in a single moment of what could have been…
what should have been.

        And what now was.

Authors Notes:

        Well this is most certainly a departure from my normal
happy-go-lucky,
romantic WAFFiness (Warm And Fuzzy Feeling).  This story is mostly a
by-product of a statement that Rurouni Ken-ohki (at least I think) made in
#tenchiff on IRC.  The statement was that he didn’t think that Tenchi TV’s
ending was **that** good simply because they gave Ryoko a great death scene
only to bring her back.  I sorta took in that comment and while I was
sitting on the front bow of my families motorboat enjoying the constant
up-down motion of the waves… and the occasional flight through the air (I
love boating!) Inspiration struck.

        This is my first Angst/Dark fic and as being so, almost an
experiment for
me.  I hope that you enjoyed it.  Heck, if you felt sort of odd after
reading this… then I’m sorta on my way there.  If you got a little teary,
I’m thrilled I could incite emotion and if you cried… Awesome!

        I sort of relied a little on the shock treatment but I think it
fitted.
And heck I love reviews so keep ‘em coming.  Flame me if you want to… if
it’s just because it was sad, I’ll take it as a compliment (of course I
appreciate constructive reviews and criticism infinitely more).  Hell I even
have a mind to flame myself for writing it.

        “I suck.  Man I should stick to WAFF.”

        There’s my daily dose of self induced open-hearth flames to roast
over.

        Now for all you people wondering about Crown…

        I’m Halfway done with the next chapter… having the most fun I;ve had
yet
with it and heavily inspired.  Which means that we might see another update
sometime in the near future.  It all depends on how fast my summer reading
goes…(my school even has me do work over the summer) and if I can ever get
through Middlemarch by George Eliot (no more dang author analysis’s please
lady, straight dialogue is a-ok with me… why won’t the book end?).  Well
anyways, C&C is always welcome at Ledzepfan111@hotmail.com (I’ll even take
flames there too) and in case you missed it, I did update Crown before with
Chapter 5: Mysteries Revealed… that was sometime in July so if you missed
it, check it out and leave a review ^_^.

        Peace and Please remember that even if I do smell really nice while
I’m
being roasted with flames…  eating humans is still cannibalism.

        Thanks and I prefer high quality grade A non store brand lighter
fluid,
                -Ledzepfan

Credits due where credits deserved so I’d like to thank the following:

Malena (You go girl! Can’t wait for more Sea, and I so appreciate the little
advice.  It fits perfectly)
Will (Rock on oh mighty god of thunder…)
Andrew (I’m still kinda miffed about my name not being included in Second
Time Around Self insersion part but oh well… rock on pops!)
Javi ( Pimp on at JMU man… especially with your new Dell!)