Disclaimer:I DO NOT OWN THE CHARACTER RYOKO. She is property of AIC and
Pioneer. I REALLY DON'T WANT TO GET SUED! (I'm only 14!!!) All other
characters I do own. Now this is my first Fanfic, so pardon me if I'm not
the
best writer in the world. So do enjoy the story!

_____________________________________________________________

      Tenchi Muyo! Scenario
             Part 1: Hello Ryoko

      Early evening Tokyo, Japan.  Val sits in his Algebra class waiting for

this totally boring day to end. Six minutes can seem like a long time when
you want to get home. He couldn't hear a word his teacher was saying because

he was worried about his car bill so he couldn't concentrate. He was going
to
ride the bus home today. Which he quite hated.
      The dismissal bell finally rang and Val grabbed his books. He went out

side and met Gene. He did that everyday.
      "Bad day, Val?" Gene (one of his long time friends) asked in a
half-smile look.
      "Yeah. My car is wrecked. I gotta ride the bus home." Val replied in a

tired look.
      "Well... I could drive you home."
      "Really? You'd do that for me?"
      "Of course! You've done so many things for me I've got to pay you back

some how!"
      "Geez, thanks man."

      About two hours later they pulled up to Val's house in a fairly
secluded area. The drive wasn't long, just the fact that they went out for a

bite to eat and to talk about all the hot girls.
      "Thanks again, Gene."
      In his house Val got out of his uniform, he put on his climbing boots
and decided to take a little hike. For some strange reason Val loved to
climb/hike. Mainly just all round exploring.
      Behind his house was a huge forrest which he explored a little more
everyday. But today while he was exploring he found a rather large cave. It
was dark but he had his light and spare batteries.
      At where the cave seemed to end, a huge room that looked carved by
hand. In the room's center there was a sphere or ball of some sorts. It was
yellow and glowed a reddish type color. Val picked up the orb interested in
its hypnotic like color.
      Then a huge orange flash and the sphere vanished. Val ran out of that
cave and into his house faster than the speed of light. Val slammed the back

door behind him and he just realized he must have dropped his light back
there. He dropped his bag at the door and proceeded into the living room.
      While passing through the kitchen he felt like a hundred pounds or so
fell on his shoulders. He was about give out so he looked at his feet and
noticed that his shadow seemed to have an added four to four-and-a-half
feet.
At that same split second he saw a blue and gold striped dress on his
shoulders with a leg on each side of his head. Then he realized another
hundred pounds or so had fallen on his shoulders.
      He looked up to see a cyan/silver haired woman, about seventeen,
sitting on his shoulders. Her arms were folded in front of her chest and she

had golden-yellow eyes. Much like the orb in that cave.
      Val didn't ask any questions about how this woman got into his house
or how she had gotten on his shoulders. All he did was run and slam into a
wall knocking himself out from his terror of this gold-eyed woman.

      When Val finally came around he was laying on his bed in his room
about twenty minutes later. All seemed quiet except for his TV running down
stairs.
      Then he heard an evil/devious laugh, "Fwa-ha ah ah!"
      He slowly crept out of his room and down the stairs. There on his
couch he saw what looked like a giant silver mace. Then the mace turned and
looked looked at him. He frozen in place but at the same time saw the
woman's
face for the first good time.
      "Well, you are certainly jumpy," the woman said.
      After a huge pause Val finally gathered his words and replied,"W-Who
wouldn't when out of the blue someone just appears out of thin air and sits
on your shoulders?"
      "Oh, yeah. I forgot. Your race has no special powers or advanced
technology. You're at the bottom of the evolutionary ladder just about."
      "What do you mean by 'your race?'"
      "Humans. Now at this point probably really confused so..." She just
suddenly stopped and after a huge pause she continued,"Want me to make this
easy for you?"
      All Val could do was nod his head.
      "I am a life form not of this planet. My name is Ryoko and don't mind
if I make myself comfort able."
      "..................."

      Ryoko didn't quite under stand this idiot's problem. She told him her
name, about killed him, and he just gave her a blank stare? Well, she
guessed
when a human had never seen an alien before it would be fairly shocking but
still...
      "I'm an alien."
      The human about killed himself again by slamming up against the wall
and looking like he'd just seen a ghost.
      This was getting real old, real fast. So she blew it off and turned
around to watch, what the humans called a "TV." It was quite entertaining,
actually. Now all she needed was a nice big bottle of some kind of drink. By

the look of this primitive house, Ryoko may not get her drink anytime soon.
      After about watching thirty minutes of TV the human managed to sit in
front of her on the floor staring at her. Quiet rude, but then again Ryoko
wasn't the most mannerous being in the universe.

      Val managed to get on the floor about seven feet from her. An alien?!
She was very beautiful and she seemed carefree ... to an extent.
      "What is so damn interesting?!" Ryoko?, Is that what her name was?,
sarcastically blurted out.
      "Who? What? Me? Ummm... Uhhh..." Val was making a fool of himself in
front of this beautiful alien.
      "No, I mean your shadow. What do you think!"
      "I-I-I-I've just never seen alien before that's all. But can I ask you

a question?"
      "Sure, but only if I can ask you a question."
      "Fire away."
      "What?"
      Apparently Ryoko didn't know what that meant,"It means go ahead."
      The gold eyed alien disappeared and reappeared in front of Val's
face,"Where do you keep your drinks?"
      "In my room. I'll show you." Is that all Ryoko wanted? Drinks?
      Val reached his room and opened his closet revealing a small
refrigerator. He opened and it was crammed full of thousand dollar wines,
illegal wines, French wines, Italian wines, and some of the best wines the
world had to offer.

      Ryoko was shocked at how much this lesser lifeform had to drink! She
was amazed he hadn't drank it all himself.
      "Some of the most expensive and best wines in the world are right
here," the human said.
      "Don't mind if I do!" And she knocked the human on the bed. She
grabbed one of the bottles and right before she popped off the cap, a
question came to her: What was this human's name?
      "Hey, what is your name anyway?"
      "Huh? Oh, Val. Just call me Val." Val stuck out his hand.
      Ryoko looked at it and he pulled it back saying,"That's on of our
greeting on the planet."
      "Val? Interesting name."
      "Well, yours is rather intrusting too. Translated in Japanese that
roughly means "demon summoner."
      "Well, that is one of the things I do with me advanced biological
system and-" She decided best no to tell the human about her
gems,"-nevermind."

      This was getting weirder and weirder for poor Val. Next the
demon/alien/gold-eyed/silver haired woman would want to him to give her a
space ship.
      Well what she did ask was rather shocking:"Do you have a hot spring?"
      "A hot spring? No, I wish I did though. I do have a rather large bath
tub though..."
      "That's fine as long as it has hot water."
      Okay, this was starting to get crazy. First she appears out of no
where, the wants some alcoholic drinks, and now a hot tub?!
      Might as well mortgage my house if this keeps up. Val thought to
himself.
      Val showed the demoness, Ryoko, where to go and how to work the water
flow. But before Val was finished Ryoko said, "Just make it as hot as you
can, as fast you can."
      "Okay..." Val turned it on to, what Val considered a comfortable a
hundred and two degrees.
      "Now, stay here I'll be back in a second."
      By the time Val made the ten-second trip to the end of the hall to
grab a towel and back the lady had taken off her clothes and was about to
get
in.
      Val turned on his heel to face the other direction. He felt his face
get real red as he said,"H-Here's your towel."
      The alien came and grabbed the towel and put her arms around his neck
and asked him, "Would you join me?"
      Holy crap! This lady is fast! Val thought for a second and came to the

conclusion that it might be best not to because she might split his head
open
and eat his brain, or something...
      Then he spied the clock, "Oh God! Look at the time! I'd better run!
See you when you get out!"
      He slammed the door behind him and sank to the ground. What a
scwred-up day!

      "Hmph, I wonder what's up with him..."

      End to part one.

If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions please
E-mail me! My address is at the top of the screen.
