School Days by Justin Felder (attitude29018@hotmail.com)

Disclaimer:  Tenchi Masaki and all related characters(Ryoko, Ayeka,
etc.) are from the Anime series "Tenchi Muyo!" created by Masaki
Kajishima owned by AIC and Pioneer.  I, Justin Christopher Wesley
Felder, do not declare ownership of the characters, which defers me
from all legal suits (I hope).



	A standard morning at Tenchi Masaki's house, the Masaki shrine of
Okayama.  He wakes up, showers, eats breakfast, and heads off for
school.  That is, if he gets up on time.  But on this morning, he
didn't.  He woke up late.  He rushed through the house, half did
everything, and ended up slipping in his homeroom class with a whole
half-hour to spare before school even started.  It was during this time
that he decided to socialize with friends.  He looked over to his left
and suddenly stopped.
	A young, beautiful girl had caught Tenchi's attention.  She had
short, black hair and wonderful blue eyes.  The world seemed to move in
slow motion as she turned Tenchi's way, smiled and waved.  Despite the
fact that it was the beginning of a new school year and he had never
seen this girl in his life, Tenchi could have sworn that she was
calling his name.  "Tenchi.  Tenchi.  Tenchi!"
	By then, he woke up from his trance of staring at the new girl.
He turned around to find the teacher of the class staring him in the
face.
	Needless to say, he stared back.  She seemed young and vibrant,
as she had very light-toned skin, almost pale.  She had long, purple
hair, mostly in the form of a long ponytail down her back, the rest in
short falling over a gold headband and two short tresses on either side
of her face.  Her eyes were that of crimson red, but much closer to the
color of blood.  Anyway, she was wearing a pink business suit, with a
little too much cleavage and a skirt that stopped just a little above
her knees.  Tenchi noticed this due to the fact that he dropped a book
on the floor out of being nervous and he decided to pick it up.  As he
did, he started to regret it as he looked at her long, slender legs.
	"Tenchi Masaki, I presume?" the woman said in a soft, light
voice.  Gasps filled the room.  She merely narrowed her eyes and looked
around, then back at Tenchi, quickly reverting back to a smile.
	Tenchi found himself at a loss for words.  He just stared at his
teacher nervously for a few seconds.  Then he stammered until he could
put coherent sounds together and form words and sentences.  "Yes, yes
ma'am."
	"That's a nice name.  Jurai.  Ayeka Jurai.  But you can call me
Miss Ayeka."  She threw out a hand to Tenchi, a smile on her face.
	Tenchi hesitated.  His eyes were still wide open in surprise as a
beautiful woman, his teacher in fact, was introducing herself and
making conversation with him.  For some reason, it was like making a
life decision whether or not to return Ms. Ayeka's handshake.
	Soon, she pushed him in a direction.  "I'm not going to bite,
Tenchi," she laughed.
	Tenchi nervously laughed.  "Of course," he said, and ended up
shaking her hand, still having no idea what in the name of all that is
good and pure he was doing.
	In that instant, a pen dropped from Ms. Ayeka's pocket.  She and
Tenchi looked down at the same time, watching it hit the floor.  It was
like one of those Sprint commercials they had each seen so many times
before.  Out of embarrassment, Ms. Ayeka bent down to pick it up.  Out
of courtesy, Tenchi did the same.  The two found themselves bumping
heads with each other below his desk, out of view from the rest of the
class.
	As Tenchi frantically began to rub his head and spew out a
million apologies, Ms. Ayeka simply stared at her young, aspiring
student.  Somehow, she began to see him in a different light than she
did just a few seconds ago.  He appeared a young boy, but over the
course of time it takes a pen to drop, he grew into a young man,
despite the fact that he seemed very shy at the moment.  He wouldn't
look up for anything, and continued to blurt out, "I'm sorry, Ms.
Ayeka."
	Ms. Ayeka finally put her index finger over her lips, and shushed
Tenchi.  It was a soft, subtle shush, kind of like when two people are
making love and one of them won't stop talking.  Tenchi finally looked
up and he did stop talking.  He only stared back, wondering what it was
she wanted.
	She slowly moved toward Tenchi, and gently kissed him on the
cheek.  "We are going to have a great year, Tenchi Masaki," she softly
whispered.  Then she picked up her pen and stood up, leaving Tenchi to
stare at her legs again.  Only he couldn't, because he was busy
wondering what the hell just happened.
	Finally, Tenchi stood up also, holding his cheek and staring at
the floor, thinking.  If this was going to be such a great year, why
did it seem to start off so bad?  And with that, he sat back down.
Anyway, as Ms. Ayeka walked up to the front of the class, she stopped,
turned around, and winked at Tenchi.  Then she resumed her path, her
long ponytail switching almost in unison to her ass underneath.
	Soon Tenchi's hand moved from his cheek to his forehead.  The
girl that he'd eyed for so long was now returning the favor.  "Hi," she
said, slumped over in an attempt to gain eye contact.  "Are you okay?"
	Tenchi was hardly able to speak.  "I...I...I think so," he let
out, breathing hard and beginning to gasp.  Soon after, he fainted.
The face of the nice girl which sat next to him changed from a
concerned expression to a shocked one.  She reacted like she just
witnessed a murder.  "Uh...Ms. Ayeka!" she shouted.

Before Tenchi knew it, he was coming to from something that
happened in homeroom.  He slowly opened his eyes, and found three women
standing around him.  Okay, two women and a girl around his age.
Anyway, they all looked over his face with concern.  But all he could
make out was white light and the three female faces.
One of the women, apparently the nurse, because she had pink hair
and was wearing a lab coat with a tag that read "Nurse Washu," pulled
out a small flashlight and shined it in his eyes.  "Well, nothing to
worry about," she said.  "He just fainted.  Good thing you brought him
here though, Sakuya."
"Well, it's nice to know he's okay," Ms. Ayeka said.  "I have to
be going to class now.  Damn restless kids, you know how they are."
With that, Ms. Ayeka was out of the room.  Washu merely shrugged,
knowing Ms. Ayeka's reputation.  "What's this kid's name anyway?" the
nurse asked.
"Tenchi, I think," Sakuya replied, still staring at his half-
conscious face.  "That's what Ms. Ayeka called him."
By now, he was starting to open his eyes completely.  "Hmm.  Hi
Tenchi!  Welcome to the nurse's office!"
Tenchi grabbed his forehead and moaned.  "She kissed me," he
said.
"Uh...who did?"
"Ms. Ayeka.  She kissed me, on the cheek.  While we were under
the desk.  I don't know why, though.  All I know is I've never heard of
a teacher doing that before."  Sakuya and Nurse Washu exchanged
glances.  Then they began to laugh uncontrollably.  Tenchi sat up and
looked at them rolling on the floor laughing.  "What's so funny?"
Washu was the first to display any sign of calming down.  She
still held on to her stomach and rolled around, but she heard what
Tenchi said.  "Man, you must've really hit your head when you fell
down!" she said.  "Ms. Ayeka?  Kiss you?  You've got to be kidding!"
Tenchi frowned.  "Well that's what she did!" he protested.
By now, Washu was completely calm.  She got up, but was still
grinning widely.  "Listen kid.  I'm sure it would make plenty of sense
in any other teacher's case.  But not Ms. Ayeka."
"Why not?"
"Why not?  I'll tell you why not.  Ask any student-Ayeka Jurai is
the meanest woman in this entire school.  And if you want to stick in
the males, too, then she's the meanest teacher in this school.  She's
strict, demanding, overbearing, basically an overall bitch.  No offense
kid, but before she kisses you, she'll kiss her favorite whip first."
"Her favorite whip?"  Tenchi gulped.
"Oh, yeah.  She has one of those whips.  You know, those ones
women use when they cuff men to beds and stuff.  She doesn't use it for
that purpose, though, and don't ask me where she got it-I'd like one
myself.  Anyway, she used to whip bad students with it, then the former
principal told her not to use it."
"Former principal?  Did he quit or something?"
"No.  Ayeka strangled him to death with her whip.  She was
arrested and charged for murder, but wasn't convicted.  When she wants,
she turns on her 'charm,' if you know what I mean.  Half seductive,
half nice so it works on everybody.  Used it on the whole courtroom at
her trial and convinced them it was self-defense.  The seductive half
won over all the male jurors, and the nice part made every female in
the courtroom, including the jurors and the judge, feel sympathetic."
"This may not be any of my business, but how do you know all
this?"
"I'm her sister."
"You're related to that monster?"
"Hey!  She's not that bad.  You should meet my cousin, Sasami.
Anyway, here's your pass to your next class.  According to your
schedule, you're supposed to be in Ms. Hakubi's room."
Tenchi accepted the note and studied it.  "Ms. Hakubi's room?
Where's that?"
"I thought you were a current student of this school."
"I am.  It's just that, there are all these new teachers, and I
don't know where they teach."
Sakuya had been up a while from laughing, but she finally decided
to speak.  "Tenchi has a point," she said, scratching the back of her
head.  "I don't know where half these rooms are either."
"And exactly where do you have to be this period little lady?"
"Me?  Oh, I have Ms. Hakubi, too."  She forced her arm around
Tenchi's neck.  He blushed.
Washu sighed.  "Beautiful," she said to herself.  "Come on, you
two.  I'll show you to her class myself.
"Gee nurse Washu, that's really nice of you!"
"Yeah, whatever."

Washu ended up showing Tenchi and Sakuya to Ms. Hakubi's
classroom.  She showed them the door and went straight back to the
nurses office, leaving them alone.  Needless to say, class had started,
and they had to interrupt.  Also needless to say, they were
embarrassed.
"Well, knock on the door," Sakuya whispered.
"You knock on the door!" Tenchi whispered back.
"I can't."
"Why not?  You got a broken arm?"
"No.  I'm a girl."
"So?  It's un-polite to knock now?"
"Oh, never mind!  Men are impossible!"  Sakuya knocked on the
door and crossed her arms, mad at Tenchi.
By now, Tenchi had become angered enough to increase the volume
of his speech from a whisper to shouting.  "Impossible!?  Oh, and I
suppose women are perfect!"
"Yeah, Tenchi, they are!  Compared to you, anyways!"
Ryoko Hakubi was reading a text book to her class when she heard
what was going on outside.  She was a beautiful young girl with a joke
side, yet enough maturity to handle the difficulties of sharing the
wonders of education.  Though her cyan blue spiky hair and her yellow
cat-like sort of deferred from the maturity, her contemporary dress and
subtle yet wild personality set her apart from the rest.
She shushed the class and gestured toward the door.  The class
quieted and listened as their teacher went to the door for a closer
listen.  She shushed the class again, this time giggling to herself.
She forcefully shoved the door open, as if she didn't know there was
anyone outside.  Instantly, Tenchi and Sakuya were knocked down to the
floor.  Ryoko let out a pretend gasp and covered her mouth, looking
down at her two students.
"Oh my gosh!" she said in the nicest of voices.  "I'm so sorry!
I didn't see you two there!"  From inside the class laughed.
"Yeah, no problem," Tenchi said, rubbing his behind.
"What are you two doing here anyway?  Class has long since
started."
"Well, I took Tenchi to the nurse," Sakuya proudly explained.
"But he's fine now and we were just coming to attend your class-..."
"Tenchi, huh?  So that's your name."
"Uh...yeah," he replied.  And her name is-..."
"Sakuya.  Yeah, whatever.  Get inside girl.  Now let's hear more
about you, Tenchi."
Ryoko put her arm on Tenchi's shoulder.  He became nervous.
"Um...I'm 17, I go to this school, I'm in the 11th grade..."
"No, no, Tenchi.  I was thinking more along the lines of...your
sexual desires."
"What!?" Tenchi asked, jumping out from under Ryoko's arm.
"Relax, I'm just pulling your leg."  She let her arm up and told
him to take his seat.  At the same time, she headed for her desk and
jumped up to sit on it.  She did, and crossed her legs, watching Tenchi
as he edged by.  When he almost came completely by, she grabbed his
behind, causing him to jump in surprise.
He was laughed at as he rubbed his backside.  He looked up at his
teacher in anger.  She simply winked at him and waved.  "Where did they
get these teachers?" Tenchi asked himself.

At lunch, Tenchi was very close to sitting alone.  He sat down at
what looked like a lonely table, where it was just him and lots of
empty chairs.  Turns out, it was a long table, and his half just
happened to be empty.  He found this out by looking to his right and
finding Sakuya and a few friends talking.  Telling himself he'd made a
mental mistake and didn't want to foul up by trying re-establish
himself somewhere else, Tenchi sighed and began to wallow in self-pity.
That is, until Sakuya noticed him all alone.
She looked over and saw him at the peak of his wallowing.  She
simply closed her eyes, smiled, and waved.  "Hey Tenchi!" she shouted.
"Why don't you come over here and join us!"
Tenchi looked up.  He got an invitation from Sakuya to join him!
An invitation to move wouldn't exactly be re-establishing yourself.  So
he figured what the hell.  "Okay," he responded.  And before he knew
it, he was sitting next to Sakuya.
He and Sakuya began talking, and laughing with the rest of the
group.  Tenchi was enjoying himself when a familiar voice called his
name.
"Tenchi?" she said.  He didn't look behind him, just stopped
laughing and became bulging-eyed.  Within a few seconds, Ms. Ayeka was
standing over him with a tray in her hands.  "Is this seat taken?" she
asked.  Before Tenchi could answer, she used her hips to forcefully
shove Sakuya out, leaving the poor girl on the floor.
"Uh...no," was all Tenchi could think of to say, watching an
angered Sakuya give Ms. Ayeka the bird.
	"Good."  She replied as if she hadn't even taken a seat yet.
"Tenchi, there's something I have to tell you..."
	All the students stared at Ms. Ayeka, waiting for her to say what
she had to tell Tenchi.  She looked back at them in embarrassment, then
she narrowed her eyes.  As if it wasn't bad enough that they were red
and not some pretty shade of blue or green, attempting to look at them
in an angered state would give even the most fearless person
nightmares.  Needless to say, every student at the table decided they
were finished with lunch and left in a hurry, looking frightened.
	Tenchi looked at the students oddly, as if he feared for their
lives, which he did, sort of.  Anyway, he looked at Ms. Ayeka with the
same look, as if to say, "What did you just do?"
	She merely closed her eyes and turned back to Tenchi, as if
nothing happened.  "As I was saying," she continued, "I have something
to tell you.  I just wanted to say that..."
	The school bell rang.  Tenchi used it as an opportunity for
escape.  "I'm sorry Ms. Ayeka," he said, "but I have to be going to
class now.  Come on, Sakuya."  He helped her up, and headed for the
tray disposal area.  Ms. Ayeka looked back at Tenchi with a sad look on
her face.  That is, until Sakuya turned around and waved at her.  Then
the look on her face turned into an angry one.  She picked up glass of
iced tea from her tray and squeezed it until it broke in her bare hand.
She cut herself, but didn't seem to notice.  Or care.

	At the end of the day, Tenchi walked out of the school building
and onto the school parking lot, beginning his route home, to hear a
horn honk and a woman say his name.  "Huh?" he said to himself.  Then
he looked to his left.  Ms. Ayeka was sitting on her brand new royal
blue 2001 Chevrolet Corvette in a sexy pose:  her legs were crossed,
and she beckoned Tenchi like in one of those 1-900 number commercials.
	He figured she was crazy.  "What is it?" he shouted.
	As a fellow student walked in Ayeka's path of sight to Tenchi,
she grabbed his head and shoved it into her car.  He fell unconscious
instantly.  Then, as if nothing happened, she pointed at Tenchi, then
at herself, and pretended like she was steering a steering wheel.
	After some figuring, Tenchi finally got the hang of Ms. Ayeka's
charades.  She was asking if she could drive him home.  Yeah right, he
thought to himself.  "No thanks," he shouted.
	Ms. Ayeka put on a sad face, but didn't do a very good job of
hiding her smile.  She hopped off the hood of the car, opened the door,
and got inside, proceeding as usual to head home for the day.
	Having dodged Ms. Ayeka for the last time today, Tenchi sighed.
But he didn't get much relief afterwards, as someone quickly grabbed
his shoulders.  When they started massaging them, he furrowed an
eyebrow in confusion.
	"Tenchi, you've got to lighten up," Ms. Hakubi said.  "Maybe the
last thing you need is to walk home.  What you need is a nice, long
ride."
	Tenchi furrowed his eyebrow.  "Like in your Nissan R34 Skyline
GT-R?"
	"Uh...yeah.  I just prefer to use the term Skyline."
	Tenchi thought about it.  After all, we are talking about one of
the best cars ever to be built in the land of the rising sun.  Stats
like 277 horsepower and going from zero to sixty in less than five and
a half seconds were more than enough to sway things toward a yes.  Then
Ms. Hakubi put her arms around him.  "Um, Ms. Hakubi, I think I can
manage on my own," he said, prying his teacher off hurriedly.  Then he
ran off.
	"Boys," Ryoko said to herself crossing her arms and watching
Tenchi run off.  "I can't wait until they become men."

	Slowly walking up the steps that led up to his house, Tenchi
decided after about half way to jog the rest of the way up.  He studied
each cement step under him, and upon reaching the top, simply stopped.
He looked off in the distance and wondered about today's events.  Then
he merely shrugged and went inside the house.
	"Man, what a day," Tenchi said, looking through the living room.
He noticed his sister on the couch knitting.  The TV was on, but it
seemed as though whatever was playing was of no interest to her.
	"What happened?" she asked in bewilderment.
	Tenchi didn't expect Kiyone to respond to him, but she did.  A
concerned look was on her face.  She actually wanted to know what had
happened to him at school.  This surprised him.  "You don't want to
know," he said.
	"Yes I do," Kiyone replied.  "Sit down, dear brother of mine."
	Tenchi obeyed his sister and sat down on the sofa next to her.
"Okay, here's the deal.  You may not believe this, but...I think one of
my teachers...is in love with me."
	Kiyone looked at Tenchi with a furrowed eyebrow.  Then she began
bursting into laughter.  Tenchi merely looked up at the ceiling
recollecting the moment Nurse Washu did the same thing.  "Wait," she
said, "I've got it.  You're kidding, right?  I mean, you're just
pulling your sis's leg, right?"
	Tenchi sighed and looked down.  "Okay, maybe she isn't exactly in
love with me, but I definitely know that she has a small crush on me,
or something."  He looked back up and noticed Kiyone still laughing,
trying to hide it by covering her mouth.  She glanced at him, and burst
into even more laughter.  "Forget it," he finally said, and started to
get up.
	Kiyone stopped him.  She grabbed his arm and pulled him back down
on the sofa.  "Wait a minute," she said.  "Okay, tell me who you're
talking about."
	"Ms. Ayeka.  This morning, when she dropped her pen by mistake
after personally introducing herself to me and shaking my hand, we both
went to pick it up, and she kissed me underneath the desk.  And she
told me that we were going to have a great year.  How do you interpret
that?"
	"Great year.  Hmm...she wants to be your girlfriend."
	"What!?" Tenchi shouted, falling off the sofa.  "But I'm 17!  And
she's like 23!"
	Kiyone shrugged.  "Well you suspected it from the start."
	"I didn't actually suspect such a thing!  I just told you like
that so you'd laugh it off and leave me alone!"
	"Oh.  Well I still think she wants to be your girlfriend."
Kiyone got up, patted Tenchi on the back, and went upstairs.
	Based on his feelings of women, the current situation Tenchi was
in was, needless to say, a nightmare.  Somehow, it seemed to fit him
well.  He couldn't be like a normal teenager and have one girl with a
crush on him.  Or some secret admirer about the same age.  Oh no, he
had to have a 23-year-old woman who normally is mean to everyone fall
mysteriously in love with him.  Suddenly, he wondered if she was just
some serial rapist and had found her next victim.  He frowned up at the
thought.  "Kiyone!" he shouted, trampling up the stairs.

	"I know it's in here somewhere," Ayeka sighed, sorting through
the pages of student files she had acquired earlier in the day.  They
lay protected in a binder, safe from the water that slowly dripped off
her lovely, slender hands.  She rested her head on the edge of her
whirlpool tub with a depressing look on her face as she mused through
literally hundreds of pages.  After one simple sigh, she found the one
with the information she was looking for.
	"Tenchi Masaki," she read.  "Seventeen years old, eleventh grade.
Not a bad student, either."  Ayeka looked around at her surroundings.
The entire bathroom area was covered with dark green marble and
accented with gold tones.  Toilet, sinks, shower stall, everything.
Totaling up to a whole lot of money, Ayeka looked around as if she
regretted purchasing any of it.  Of course, she didn't.  She was proud
of it all, and felt she worked hard to get it, not being rich and all.
	Ayeka sighed and turned the current page she was on to find the
other side blank.  Suddenly, she jumped up in surprise and stood up in
her tub in shock.
	Water dripped off and rolled down her body in addition to soapy,
sudsy bubble bath.  A large amount of this bubble bath had accumulated
and rested on her breasts, since there was so much room to reside.
Some of it rolled down her abdomen and...below that.  And the rest
stuck to her thighs and long legs.  Still standing up, she reached down
and picked up the binder, examining the empty page.  "Empty?"  She
grabbed one end and began shaking it, papers dropping all over the
bathroom floor.  Ayeka spilled over the edge of the tub, scrambling
through the papers on all fours.  Needless to say, she was wet, water
still rolling and dripping off, and a few bubble bath suds sticking to
her very form.  After a while, she stopped and stared off in the
distance, narrowing the eyes of a face covered in soaked purple hair.
	Ayeka picked up the original Tenchi data sheet she had read
earlier and waded it up in a fist.  "Apparently, Tenchi and I have to
have a talk," she said, angered at no one in particular.

	The next morning, Tenchi walked up to the front steps and looked
at the campus of his high school all cheery-eyed.  Sakuya came up
behind him, and he didn't even know it.  But it didn't change the
expression on his face.
	"Hi Tenchi," she said, grinning almost as widely as he.  "What's
the matter?"
	"What do you mean?"
	"Usually you aren't grinning so hard.  You aren't usually
grinning at all.  Hell, you barely smile."
	"Oh.  I don't know," Tenchi said, looking up at the sky and
rubbing his hand up and down his book bag strap. "I just feel different
today."
	"Well, that's good, I guess.  So, what do you say we head for
homeroom?"  Sakuya patted Tenchi on the back, and suddenly, he stared
down at the ground with a questioned look on his face.  She looked down
at him in question.  "Well gosh, Tenchi, I'm not very strong, I already
know that.  What is it?"
	"Oh man, homeroom," Tenchi said.  For a second, he lost himself.
"Sakuya, we have the same homeroom teacher, right?"
	"Uh...yeah."
	"And her name is..."
	"Ms. Ayeka."
	"Somehow, I was afraid of that."
	"Well why are you cracking up now?  You've known about it since
yesterday."
	"Because I just remembered what I was talking with my sister
about yesterday."
	"Really?  What were you talking about?"  Sakuya led a
hyperventilating Tenchi to a nearby park bench, just outside campus.
People their age were all around them, either laying on the grassy hill
behind them, or sitting on park benches, having their own private
discussions.  A few laughs leaked out of some, kissing resided in
others.
	"Ms. Ayeka.  I don't think she's in love with me."
	Sakuya let out a small giggle.  "Well I could've told you that,
Tenchi."
	"No.  I mean I think she just wants to molest me."
	"Well, at least you know she's not in love," Sakuya said, trying
to add a little sympathy to the situation.  Tenchi merely looked at her
in disapproval, causing her to frown.  "Molest?  Are you sure, Tenchi?
I mean, teachers don't do that sort of thing."
	"They do in America."
	"Ugh!  I don't even want to think about the US.  Molest?"
	"Okay, maybe not exactly molest.  Just some sort of sex.  But if
she's a woman and I'm a boy, that's all it's gonna lead to."
	A few seconds later the clock tower began to chime, signaling
eight o'clock.
	"Well I'm with you, Tenchi," Sakuya said, "so do we skip
homeroom?"
	"No, let's get going."

	In homeroom, everyone had something to do except Tenchi.  He
merely rested his head on his desk, not actually tired, just worried.
He eyed the room, scanning all the desks.  He even glanced at Sakuya,
and found she was reading a book, apparently so interesting she didn't
even notice Tenchi looking at her.  A sigh escaped Tenchi's mouth, and
he finally looked up to the front of the room.
	Ms. Ayeka was sitting at her desk, grading papers.  She had on an
outfit similar to the one of yesterday, only a different color-red.
Underneath the desk, her legs were crossed, one sexy thigh over the
other, and Tenchi noticed this, only making him feel worse about
himself.  She never even made an effort to look up, although she had a
feeling Tenchi was looking at her.  So she gently rubbed her legs
together, making Tenchi nervous.  It worked.  He quivered and looked
away.
	This caused her to quickly stop what she was doing, grab a blank
sheet of paper, and write a cute little note on it.  Then she wadded it
up and threw it at Tenchi, nailing him in the head just as he looked
away.  Quickly, she returned to paper grading, no one in the room
suspecting she just childishly threw a wadded love note.
	It bounced off his forehead and landed on his desk.  He looked at
it, then picked it up and examined it.  "Who could've thrown this?" he
asked.  Tenchi looked around the class.  No one looked up or questioned
him, all apparently busy reading, writing or drawing.  "Great," he told
himself.  Then he un-wadded it.
	It was an otherwise blank sheet of paper except for the large,
red writing which came from a Magic Marker.  Written in the typical
"teacher's grade comment" handwriting, Tenchi no longer suspected who
it came from.  It read: "I love you Tenchi.  Yours forever, Ayeka."  In
the bottom right corner there was a little heart.  Only it wasn't
exactly little.  It took up about a quarter of the sheet.  "What did I
do to deserve this?" he asked himself.
	All of a sudden, the school bell rang.  On almost the very
second, students all around him put up their books and papers,
preparing to leave.  When the class was empty, Tenchi finally decided
to do the same.
	He stopped when Ms. Ayeka closed the door.

	Tenchi looked up at a slowly walking Ayeka, and pretended not to
notice.  He resumed putting books in his book bag until Ayeka put a
hand on the next book he planned to put away.  "Oh boy," Tenchi said to
himself.  "What is it?" he asked, as if he didn't know what was going
on.
	"I want you, Tenchi," Ayeka said, moving closer to him.
Tenchi's nose began to bleed.  "Um...no you don't," he said,
attempting to resist.  He leaned back in his seat.
Ayeka climbed onto his desk.  She put a finger over her lips and
shushed Tenchi.  Shocked and surprised, Tenchi merely covered his nose
and bulged his eyes in shock.  Time almost stopped as Ayeka's lips
connected with Tenchi's.  For a while, Tenchi remained surprised, never
experiencing such a thing before.  Dad would be proud.  But as he began
to respond, his eyes slowly closed, and he found his tongue in Ms.
Ayeka's mouth.  All of a sudden, common sense and all that is good and
pure hit him like a ton of bricks.  Tenchi quickly opened his eyes and
pushed himself away as if being squeezed to death by an Anaconda.
	"Now wait a minute!" he shouted.  "One thing leads to another and
before I know it, it's not molestation but sex."
	"What do you mean?  I'm molesting you.  I've never done such a
thing."
	Tenchi furrowed an eyebrow.  "Huh?  But I thought you were really
bad and mean to children and seductive and sexy and..."
	Tenchi was interrupted by Ms. Ayeka's laughing.  She got up off
the desk and sat on the back of the one behind her.  Gently covering
her mouth like a little schoolgirl, her Ayeka's laugh subsided to a
small giggle, and she finally was able to respond to Tenchi's
accusations.  "Not all of that is true.  It is true that I'm not very
fond of children; I learned that well after successfully fulfilling my
aspirations in education.  Seductive?  I wouldn't say seductive.  You
think I'm sexy?"
	Tenchi found himself blushing.  "Well...uh, I mean, what about
the whip?"
	"It's true.  I did kill the principal, and it was in self
defense.  He came on to me, thinking I was a fragile little something.
Only he didn't know I'd heard of Sara Connor.  I knew no one was going
to believe me in court, so I did charm my way out of it.  A plea of
forgiveness worked on everyone but the judge, he wanted a lap dance.
If that's all right with you, I won't share that one."
	"But Nurse Washu said..."
	"...Don't ask me where I got it, she'd like one herself?  Don't
believe that crap.  She bought it for me a few birthdays ago and it
looks exactly like hers.  I asked her what do I do with it and she says
'Find a man to whip.'  I say she's crazy."
	"So you're a troubled young woman who can't find a man?"
Ayeka quickly frowned and slammed her hands on Tenchi's desk,
lining her cold, red eyes up with his meek, frightened brown ones.  "I
am not troubled!"  Ayeka calmed down just slightly immediately after
her statement.  She closed her eyes, turned away and formed a fist, and
leaked tears despite the great anger expressed on her face.  "I know I
may have come on as a sex slave and I'm not really fond of children,
but I really do love you, Tenchi.  Since the first day I set eyes on
you, I knew I had fallen in love with you."
	"But...you first set eyes on me yesterday."
	"No I hadn't.  I first saw you a few weeks ago when you came with
your sister to get your schedule.  By then I only knew it was a matter
of time before we were re-united again."
	"What about the age difference?  I'm 17 and you're like...23.
Why could you possibly have an interest in me?"
	Ayeka put a hand on her chest and looked down at her crossed
legs, smiling through her tears.  "Twenty-seven, I lied to the school
about my age.  I asked myself that same question," she said.  "I mean,
how can a little boy satisfy my needs?  Then I thought about my needs.
Someone to care for.  Someone to care for me.  Someone who understands
my feelings and will console me when I'm in sorrow."  Ayeka looked up
with begging eyes.  "I need you, Tenchi."
	"Ms. Ayeka, I understand your needs.  But I can't provide them.
I'm a child, you're an adult.  I should be learning about the
experience of love.  You should have already.  But apparently it isn't
your time.  Be patient, and I'm sure the right person will come."
Ayeka sighed.  "I'm sure you're right Lord Tenchi--er...Tenchi.
I will find the right person once the time comes.  But until then can I
be your girlfriend?"
	"No!  You're not even a girl."
	Ayeka closed her eyes and kneeled down, standing over Tenchi.
"Oh, I'm sorry.  I guess I couldn't help falling for such a young boy."
She opened her eyes and began to rub her hand in Tenchi's hair.  "A
young boy with cute, brown eyes, and black hair..."
	Ms. Ayeka quickly, in conjunction with her other hand, grabbed
Tenchi's head and shoved it into her cleavage, smearing his face all in
her breasts.  Tenchi started to muffle stuff out, but Ayeka ignored him
and continued.  "...I don't know what I could have been thinking.  I
could have any man I wanted, but would rather have a mere young student
who has trusted me with..."
	Ayeka pulled his head out for a second.  "What are you doing?
That's immoral what you just did!  I said you wanted me to be your
girlfriend and I turned you down and-hey!"
	Ayeka simply sighed, shoved his head back in, and looked back up
at the ceiling, continuing her love story freestyle poem.  "Oh, stop
your bitching Tenchi.  Where was I?  Oh yeah...the rest of his life in
the hope that I would teach him everything he needs to know.  It's just
so wonderful."  Ayeka began to cry, Tenchi's head still buried in her
chest as he muffled and struggled to get free.

	Tenchi stood at a drinking fountain just in front of one of the
many buildings on campus.  He filled his hands with running water and
splashed it in his face.  He rubbed as if his face were covered with
makeup, and ended up sniffing his hands.  "Shit!" he said in protest.
"Now it's on my hands."
	Sakuya patiently waited on a bench not far from the fountain
Tenchi used.  She looked up at Tenchi as he stood there, sniffing his
hands.  "Um...what's wrong Tenchi?"
	"Smell my hands," he simply said, shoving them in Sakuya's face.
	"What?"
	"You want to know what's wrong?  Smell my hands."
	Slowly and cautiously, Sakuya motioned her little nose toward
Tenchi's two open hands, and sniffed.  "Wow, that's wonderful.  It
smells like a summer rain or something.  Where'd you get it?"  Tenchi
looked down at his hands, wondering how he was going to get the smell
off.  He answered Sakuya as if the answer was ordinary.
	"Ms. Ayeka's breasts."
	Sakuya gasped.  "What?  What are you talking about, Tenchi?"
	"Ms. Ayeka.  She closed me up in her room after homeroom and came
on to me.  When she kissed me, I got into it, then I caught hold of
myself.  I realized that molestation would become sex, and that's what
I told her.  So she laughed, and explained to me that she actually does
love me.  She cleared her name on the trial thing, something about a
lap dance, turns out Washu bought her that whip and is the one with the
experience.  Then Ayeka busted into this open, heartfelt speech about
what she needs.  I told she doesn't need me, she needs to wait for the
right person.  So she said can she be my girlfriend in the meantime.
But I was like no, she's not even a girl.  She apologized for being in
love with me and started another speech.  I made the mistake of letting
her coarse her hand through my hair.  Next thing I knew, my head was
buried between her two breasts.  After struggling, she finally let me
out and told me goodbye forever.  But I was like, 'I have this class
tomorrow.'  And she was like, 'No, Tenchi, goodbye to our
relationship.'  It's really kind of sad.  Oh, and...she interviewed me
on lots of personal info including my address."
	Sakuya was sniffling and hanging her head down.  Soon after, she
completely broke into tears and jumped onto Tenchi for condolence.  "Oh
Tenchi!  You were involved in a love story?"
	Tenchi, confused, looked down at Sakuya crying on his shoulder.
He patted her on the shoulder.  "Gee Sakuya, I wouldn't say that."
"Tenchi!" some woman shouted.  Tenchi looked up, the same time as
Sakuya.  It was Ryoko.  "Tenchi!" she shouted again, unsure she had his
attention.  She jogged up to the place where Tenchi and Sakuya stood.
	Upon Ms. Hakubi's approach, Sakuya loosened and eventually broke
her hug on Tenchi.  Ryoko breathed hard, apparently very tired from the
distance she just jogged.  The only thing she did was look down at
Tenchi, and smiled.  Then she grabbed the sides of his face and brought
it to hers.  She gave Tenchi a kiss he'd never forget.  His eyes didn't
have any expression, half surprised and half understood.  Upon Ryoko's
command, the kiss ended.  She just threw him back.  He stumbled back
about two steps and stood there with his eyes open almost as wide as
his mouth.  A by standing Sakuya had the same expression on her face.
"I love you Tenchi," she said spontaneously.  "I want us to be
together forever.  I know I'm a teacher, you're a student, and I'm much
older than you are, but somehow I just feel we belong together forever
and-Tenchi?"
	Tenchi remained on the ground after fainting as Sakuya and Ms.
Hakubi stood over him, his eyes in a dazed state.
	"Was it something I said?" Ryoko said, looking at Sakuya.
	"He's been through this before," she replied.  "You know, the
whole 'teacher in love with him' thing."

The End

C&C: attitude29018@hotmail.com
About Sara Connor:  You'd never heard of the Terminator?

