Title: "Scorp Series Episode 1: No Need for Scorp"
Author: Kyle Peck
E-mail: crazy_kyle_hw@yahoo.com
Disclaimer: Legal babbles Tenchi Muyo! belongs to Pioneer. Pioneer owns
two small planets. Et cetera.
Author's note: This story is a regular. This is the first series I wrote
and I revised the hell out of it!



It is a quiet day in the rural Japanese household. Ryoko lies passed 
out on the floor from drinking too much sake. Sasami is chasing after 
Ryo-ohki for stealing the carrot ingredients she was going to include 
in the lunch. Tenchi is at work on a project for school. Ayeka is 
trying to help him but that usually results in minor setbacks. Yosho is 
in the shrine drinking his afternoon tea. Noboyuki is away at his 
office, drawing out some building plans. 

Suddenly an explosion rang out and the door to Washu's lab blew open, 
followed by a cloud of smoke. Washu stood in the broken doorway, 
covered in ash. 

"I've done it!" Washu exclaimed. She then proceeded to fall to the 
floor.

"Scorp Series Episode 1: No Need for Scorp"

The loud explosion startled everyone; even Ryoko was shocked straight 
into sobriety by the tremors quaking throughout the house. 

"What the..." was all Tenchi could say before he was knocked backwards, 
tripping over Ayeka and struggling to hold on to the fragile project 
that took most of his week to build. Falling on the ground with a thud, 
in the process releasing the project. The extensive model crashed to 
the ground, shattering into tiny fragments. 

Ryo-ohki miyad in fright and stopped long enough to be tripped on by 
Sasami. 

Even Yosho in the shrine was slightly shaken by the quaking but calmly 
resumed sipping his tea. 
"Now I wonder what Washu has done this time." 

The house stopped quaking and Tenchi stood to his feet. Turning to help 
Ayeka get up he thought to himself, <Aww man, what was that? >  As soon 
as Ayeka was back on her feet, laughing could be heard from downstairs. 
Both Tenchi and Ayeka looked over the second floor railing down to 
where Ryoko was standing just next to Washu, smirking at the 
scientist's burnt hair.

"Stop it," protested Washu. "Or I'll turn you into a watersprite 
again!" 

Ryoko's laughter stopped abruptly. "You wouldn't dare." 

Washu shot an annoyed glance and her holocomputer appeared in front of 
her and before Ryoko could protest a beam of green light began to 
surround her.
	
"Hey Little Washu, please don't do that." Tenchi pleaded down to her. 
Washu sighed and released the button on her holocomputer letting it 
fade away along with the green beam of light.
Ryoko breathed a sigh of relief. "Now what's this all about Washu?" 
inquired Tenchi. "You know, you almost gave us a heart attack."
	
Washu started snickering. "Why, I only perfected the science of 
cybernetic enhancements. I am a genius after all." Looking back up she 
saw all of their faces blank. "Oh brother, you don't even understand 
that, do you? Ok it's like this. I made one of the latest, most 
advanced robotic humans."

[All] "Ooh."
	
Sasami stepped forward. "But Washu. How can that be? You said you need 
a person for that, right? And you didn't seem to use any of us here. So 
how could you have made a robot person?"

Washu smiled. "What a great observation Sasami. Heh-heh. Well." She 
pulled out a small remote from her pocket. One edge was slightly burnt. 
She pressed a button and two blue lights flicked to life behind her 
followed by a thumping noise that approached the group. After a few 
seconds a large machine emerged from the broken doorway. Standing at 
its full height the cyborg stood around six-and-a-half feet tall. On 
its back was a large tail that resembled that of a scorpion's, it 
arched up over its head. Its large head turned and looked at the group. 
Identifying them one by one.	
	
"Washu-san, master.Azaka-san and Kamadake-san, guardians of.Ayeka-san, 
Princess.and Sasami-san, Princess." His head turned to Tenchi. "Tenchi 
Masaki, Lord.Ryoko Masaki, space pirate." 

(Note: The cyborg respects everyone he is told to, he believes they are 
his masters. From now on I will leave out the san's and chan's.)

The last statement from the machine caused everyone to shout out at 
once. "What!" 

Washu laughed nervously. "Now how did that happen?" She presses a few 
buttons on the machines back. "Ok lets try that again. Heh-heh." 

Ryoko smiled and nudged close to Tenchi. "I don't know. I think I like 
this thing already."

Ayeka glared at Ryoko. 

The machine restated itself. "Ryoko, space pirate." Looking down to 
Ryo-ohki. "Ryo-ohki, cabbit/spaceship." 

Washu laughed out loud. "Isn't it great?" 

The two puppets popped up on Washu's shoulders. "Yes Washu it is the 
greatest!" "Yes Washu is the genius!" "Yay Washu! You're the best!" 
	
Tenchi interrupted the 'modest' display. "Well, as Sasami asked 
before.err.who did you use for this experiment?" 

Washu's eyes lit up. "Well, since most of the people here in Japan 
didn't meet the requirements of my machine I had to find someone else. 
So I chose one of the brightest military scientists in the Western 
Hemisphere." Spotlights flashed on Washu, her puppets and the cyborg. 
"Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls. Using some parts from Kiyone's 
and Mihoshi's GP mechs and including some modification of my own to my 
human guinea pig. I present to you. Kyle Peck, a.k.a. Scorp!"

 The puppets held up signs that stated 'applause' although none of the 
group seemed to comply. Washu continued smiling. "It's easy to kidnap 
someone on this planet. The technology here is so far behind you could 
teleport just about anywhere you please without being stopped. I stole 
this sap right out from the middle of a meeting." Washu let out a wild 
cackle. "You should've seen the looks on all of their faces!"

Ayeka leans towards Washu. "Wow, really? Could you possibly teach me 
how to do this Washu?"

Ryoko growls. "Now wait a minute! Why do you need to know that?"

Tenchi gulps.
The End

Preview of next episode:	Next time, Scorp loses control because of 
gamma rays emanating from the drowned spaceships Ryo-oh and original 
Ryo-ohki. Can Washu and the gang stop him before he destroys the nearby 
city of Tokyo? Find out in "Scorp Series Episode 2: No Need for 
Insanity". 

Author's note: I hope my first series will please you all. Sorry for my 
butchering of the English language.
Final thought: Any comments/complaints send them to 
crazy_kyle_hw@yahoo.com. Food also accepted.

   
   



