I do not own any of these Tenchi Muyo characters They all belong to... The
Anime companys and the creators... which is not me. So... Please, dont sue!

Scream

§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream

It was a beautiful day. The most beautiful day of summer. Tenchi was
outside,
sweeping the cherry blossom petals of the sidewalk. At least it wasn't a lot
of pedals. That doesn't come till fall.
Ryoko was at a auto body shop, picking up a car. Tenchi's Birthday would be
coming up so she wanted to get him a present. She was covered in greace but
she didn't mind, she was doing it for Tenchi.
Mihoshi was on the side porch sleeping while Kiyonie was resting with her
but
she wasn't asleep. She couldn't go to sleep with Mihoshi snoring.
Ayeka and Sasami were inside putting in some fried noodles that needed to
cook three hours before you could actually eat them. It was only
three'o'clock but it needed to be done now.
Now Washu you would usually think she would be working in her lab. But she
wasn't. It was such a beautiful day she wanted to work... outside... yea...
Noboyuki was at work. He always works on Saturdays... And who knows where
"Yosho" was. Probably on a journey hike in the rockie mountains for all we
know.
"Oh Tenchi.... Lord Tenchi!" Said Ayeka. "Yes Ayeka??? What is it???"
"Well, Tenchi, We all talked this over together but i figured why not show
you this now. I couldn't wait for the other girls. Here Look..." *Flips out
a
piece of paper with and number 8 on it and a bunch of small writing*
"Wow Ayeka. What is it??"
"Well..." Ayeka Said. "This is a ticket for 6 adults, one child, and one pet
to go on a vacation to the Bahamas!"

"Wow you guys! Thanks! But... shouldn't it be eight adults??? I mean
theirs..."
" No No No Tenchi You see... we talked this over. Noboyuki can't come
because
he can't miss his work and your grandfather needs to keep an eye on the
shrine so that makes six adults!"
"Oh Great! this will be sooooo much fun! When do we go?"
"Tonight!..."

§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream

At Dinner...

"That little brat Ayeka! I can't believe it! I STILL CAN"T BELIEVE IT! :(
Tenchi I wanted to tell you about it to!!!¡¡"
"Now Ryoko Theres no need for that. I was going to find out anyway so it
doesn't really matter now come on Ryoko don't be that way."
"Yes Ryoko Don't be that way heheheHEHEHEHEHAHAHA!"
"Oh that little snobby princess your DEAD! I won't take this!" *Energy Ball
appears in her hand*

"NOW YOU TWO! Stop it this is non-sence it doesnt really matter who told me!
It is such a silly subject to fight over! Now, stop it... now!!¡¡"
"Yes Lord Tenchi were so very sorry..."

"I'm sorry Tenchi i didn't mean to. I just got a little overheated..."
"Yea Yea... Oh my... Sasami whats wrong??? Are you crying???"

" Oh Tenchi, I just thought of something that brought a tear to my eye!"
"What is it Sasami?"
"Ayeka won't be able to go swimming!"

§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream

At The Airport...

*Yawn* "How long does it take for our plane to get here?" Ayeka said

"I dunno Ayeka but I think our plane must be a turtle."

"Ryoko! You know how I feel about turtles!"

"Yea Yea sorry Tenchi..."

Then all of a sudden there was an annoucement... "Flight AB-261 has arrived"
The lady said

"Thats us! Come on girls lets go!"

*Walks up to the entrance of the walkway* "Tickets Please!" The lady said

Tenchi not looking up yet says to himself "Boy that voice sounds so
familiar!"

* Looks Up *

"Oh MY GOD! SAKUYA??!!"

Then Little Washu said "No No Tenchi thats Linda. She just looks and sounds
like Sakuya. You know its not really true that theres no one out there that
looks like you! HAHA!"

"Oh ok... haha Im sorry mame. I thought you were someone else."

"Oh It's alright! Hehe! But I do like that name Sakuya!"

Everyone hands Linda their ticket and starts walking down the walkway.

"Wow she really looked and sounded like Sakuya! She even acted like her!"

"Now Mihoshi Shut up! That little witch is gone and gone for good!"

"Now Ryoko! What did she ever do to you??!!"

"She stole you Tenchi! She stole you away from us! She stole you away from
me!"

"Oh... well... Look I think I see the opening to the plane! Come on Guys
lets
hurry!"

They all hussle to the plane and they sit in there seats.

"NOW MISS RYOKO THIS IS NO FAIR WHY DO YOU GET TO SET WITH TENCHI!?!?"

"Because Miss Ayeka You have to sit with Sasami, Mihoshi has to sit with
Kayonie, and Ryo-Okie wants to sit with here Mommy! So that only leaves two
people! Hehe! Me and Tenchi!"

Then plane ride was going to be a long and boring 36 hours so I'll only
point
out the interesting parts...

Everyone was sleeping except for Ryoko and Tenchi...

"Oh Tenchi look everyone is asleep! Now we can do whatever we want!"

"Ryoko! No I do not wanna steal that pair of headphones from that guy and I
know that thats what you want because you been staring at them the whole
time!"

"Uh hum... Yea right... Your clueless... Im gonna go to the bathroom..."

"Ok but don't take long Then I have to go."

"Yea I won't..."

She walks into the bathroom, opens the toliet lid and moves the plate under
it just to see the ocean.

"Oh my... those poor sea creatures... having to swim in peoples...
nevermind.
Thats just cruel! Who ever thought of this idea! I have to get them for
this!!"

So she slipt out through the hole and flys beside the airplane.

"Haha This will show ya!"

Ryoko squats on the airplanes wings and well... I hope you can guess what
she
does from there...(Hey what can I say???? This is Ryoko!!!)

§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream

"So Ryoko what took you so long??!"

Oh... Well It took me a while to go. It took me a long time to decide what
the tolit was." *snorts* "HaHa."

"Right... Well, I'll be right back."

"Uh huh..."

She watches Tenchi walk the whole way back to the bathroom door. She even
watches to see if he locks it. She doesn't wan't anyone to see him
semi-nude.

"Oh My... Oh look at Miss Ayeka! *moves her mouth up and down* Hi! My name
is
Ayeka! And I'm a retard! * PeeWee Herman Laugh * HaHa!!¡¡"

All of a sudden Ryoko bursts out laughing as loud as a hyenia.


§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream

*YAWNNN.....* "Oh! Hi Tenchi Ya back already!"

"Yeah Im Back."

"Whats the matter??? Didn't everything come out allright??"

"[Unable to display image]lushes really really really dark red* YES
EVERYTHING CAME OUT ALLRIGHT! Its just that..."

"What???"

"I acidentally droped the ring that you gave me down the toliet!"

"What ring???.... OH! that ring! (She really doesn't remember but shes
acting
like it to make Tenchi happy) It ok! I only stole it from Lee's Jewerly shop
anyway! ^^> haha!"

"Ryoko! Your bad and.. quiet down! I don't want anyone to hear our
conversations! Ecpacially when you talk about us having a relation ship when
we really don't!"

"Oh please Tenchi!Stop hiding out secret! (Loudly) HEY EVERYONE WATCH ME AND
TENCHI MAKE LOVE TOGETHER!"

"RYOKO!!! For the last time! WE DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT HAVE A RELATIONSHIP!"

(Some person....)"Hey everyone! Look! He grapping her jugs!"

"Oh why thank you I know I have big jugs!(Making noises) OH TENCHI! You know
how sensitive I am in that spot!"

"LORD TENCHI!"

"Ayeka! I, I, I can explain!"

"That devil woman is taking you away from me! RYOKO YOU WILL PAY!"

All of a sudden Ryoko just touches Ayeka in the back of the neck which makes
her fall asleep like a baby. (If you didn't know if you touch a person in a
certian spot of their neck it can knock them unconsisous for a couple of
hours..hehe...)

All of a sudden theres a big bump and an announcer lady that sounds and
looks
like Sakuya says..

"Please fasten your seatbelts as we land. And welcome to The Bahamas!"

"Look Tenchi were here! Wow look how beautiful! Oh my... Whos gonna carry
Ayeka?"

§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream

"RYOKO WATCH OUT!"

"Don't worry Tenchi I won't drop her!"

[Unable to display image]

ays her down on her bed*

"Now, Lets go to our room."

"Tenchi... You know we have to share a room together! ^^ hehehe!"

"Yes I know but your on one side of the room and I'm on the other. "

"Yea yea yea I know I know... *yaaawwwwnnn* I'm tired its like 11:12 lets go
to bed."

"Ok lets go. Good Night Ayeka Good Night Sasami!"

"Good night Tenchi! Im sure Ayeka would say goodnight to but you know shes
really tired right now. Anyway, Goodnight Bye Bye!!"

The next morning...

"Tenchi Tenchi Wake UP!!!!!!"

"RYOKO!I don't mind you waking me up but it doesn't mean you have to jump on
me! Now... go wake the other girls while I get dressed. Go now!"

"Okies! Now be careful! I don't want my little tenchi falling down the
toliet! hehe Bah[Unable to display image]ye!"

She walks down the hall which is out side and goes to Mihoshi and Kayonies
door first. She doesn't know she justs barges right in!

"HELLO! Good morning! Wake up!! Its a beautiful day outside with a temp of
79
degrees. The forcast is sunny with intermediate clouds and today there
should
be a raise in the temp of 8 degrees!"

"Really Ryoko??"

"No Mihoshie ryoko is just lying cause she wants to! your so dumb! Is she
really?? Get a clue!"

"Actually Kayonie, I was lying! Trufully I have no idea! ^^ haha!"

Kayonie gets a sweatdrop

§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream§cream

    "Sasami... SASAMI!"

"Ayeka I told you I cant find your bathing suit! Are you sure you brang
it??"

"Of course I did! Would you doubt the first princess of Juri!?!?!"

Then, Tenchi walks in Ayeka and Sasamis room to see if there ready and hears
Ayeka screming to her little sister.

"Now Listen Sasami I just got out of the shower, Im BUTT NAKED and im
freezeing my AS..."

"Oh, HI TENCHI!"

"Hi Sasami! Wheres Ayeka?"

"Uh she just got out of the shower she should be ready in a minute or two!"

"Oh, umm... ok! Then I'll go check on Kayonie and Mihoshie! See ya later
on!"

"Hehe Bye Tenchi!"

Ay Kayonies and Mihoshies room...

"RYOKO WILL YOU STOP SNOOPING THROUGH MY STUFF!"

"Oh come on Kayonie! Lets have a little fun, I just wanna see what you
brought with you!"

"Come on Ryoko! Its not funny... wha...?WHAT THE HELL!!! WHOS THAT!?!?!"

"Whos who???"Mihoshie said "I don't see who your talking about... Where???*
Looks out the big pitcher window * AAAAAAAHHHHH WHOS THAT! *starts tearing*
Kayonie... Im.. Im... scared!!!!!!!!!"

What they saw was a person about... 5'3 wearing all black including a black
ski mask standing toward them, looking in there window with an axe in his
hand.

"Hmm..." Ryoko mumbled, Then they heard a loud banging in the bathroom they
all rushed in there but saw nothing.

"Kayonie Im scared... This is really creepy..."

"Shush Mihoshie... wait, oh my god I forgot about the man that we saw...
hold
on a minute, oh my god I forgot all about him!"

They all hurried back to the "living room" and saw nothing, no one in there,
no one standing outside of the window, no one at all. Then, they saw the
knob
on the door turning...

"Don't Move!"Kayonie Screamed "I will arrest you and I also have a gun so...
stay back!"

When the door opened all they saw was Tenchi, dressed in his swimming trunks
with a towel hanging around his neck. "Geeze girls put the gun down its only
me!"

"Oh, sorry Tenchi" Kayonie said "We thought you were someone else we saw."

"Yea Tenchi!" Ryoko whined "We saw a person standing outside with an axe in
his hand, then we heard a bang in the bathroom and we looked but no one was
there! Then when we got back, the man wasnt standing at the window no more!"

"Oh girls dont worry it was probably a wood chopper chopping wood for fire
places or maybe just some person that was walking by for no reason dressed
in
black... on a 90º day... with an axe. OK THIS IS GETTING A LITTLE WEIRD HOW
BOUT WE JUST GO TO THE BEACH!!!!"

"Yea good idea Tenchi" Mihoshie said while wiping the tears from her cheeks
"Maybe that would get all this off our mind."

So after Mihosie gave her calming speech, Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshie, and
Kayonie went to Ayeka and Sasamis room to pick them up, then after that went
to Washu and Ryo-Okies room To pick them up.

So... on the way to the ocean...

"Should we tell them?" Is what Ryoko whispered into Tenchi's ear.

"Yea I think they need to know... Girls we have something to tell you, buit
you can't tell anyone else."

After Tenchi was finished telling the girls what happened Ayeka just
laughed.

"I can't believe you guys... that 'thump' as you call it came from Sasami
and
I's room! When Tenchi was leaving our room I acidently sliped on the soap
and
fell in the bathtub! You guys are so silly!"

"Ok" Ryoko Mumbled "Then explain that man that we saw standing outside the
window."

"Well ok, ok, ok, maybe I can't explain that."

"Tenchi..." Sasami softly said even though everyone heard her "You know how
I
was the last one going our of Ayeka and I's room?"

"Yea" Tenchi answered

"Well when I was walking out, I saw the axe. It was laying aganist a door of
one of the apartments, I dont know which one though..."

Ryoko saw Tenchi's body shaking nervesly, he knew something... but what?

Ok, ok, ok I know that is horrible but it was my first ever so please...
dont
critisize me. But for the few that do like it, I would like to hear from ya!
Part Two is coming soon!!!!  Till Then.. Ja Ne! ~Ashley