Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction:
These characters don’t belong to me.
Comments? magdalena_gv@hotmail.com
If you are new to this story, please start with chapter one named 
accordingly like the title. Other than that enjoy!
" The Sea Of Change "


Malena  ( THEARCHIVE1@HOTMAIL.COM )
          Regular
   The Sea of Change
Chapter 11: Phone Calls
Set after Tenchi Forever, Ryoko is tired of the current love triangle, and 
begins painful steps to mature. An introspective look.

 
Chapter 10:
“ Yamito ”
 
“Ichima? Roughly about how many hospitals does Tokyo have?”
Ichima from the driver’s seat sat quiet for a few moments. The night held 
just enough light coming from the moon’s radiance to help Ryoko make out 
Ichima’s burrowed brow and pursed lips on the rear view mirror. She 
recognized that expression every time he was calculating long numbers in his 
head.
“I … I would say a little over a thousand. Of course that’s excluding the 
privately owned hospitals. Why?”
He looked backed at her in the rear view mirror, trying to get some answers 
out of Ryoko’s numb expression.
“Kukune is a fairly uncommon name right?” Ryoko ignored Ichima’s question 
entirely.
“I’m afraid that name is as common as finding a drunk asleep on every street 
corner.” Fei answered.
Ryoko sighed and laid her head on Fei’s lap. Closing her eyes tightly. 
Trying to rid her mind of Tenchi’s friend.
* She’s not going to make it. She’s going to die and there’s nothing I can 
do about it. *
“I can’t help you … I’m sorry.” Ryoko whispered under her breath as Fei 
gently ran her fingers over Ryoko’s hair.
“Who can’t you help?” Fei asked in an even quieter whisper than Ryoko’s 
while looking down at her profile. Ryoko’s face was partly illuminated by 
the moon and Fei could make out a light sheen on her cheeks and chin. She 
was crying, and Fei felt her chest heave slightly on her lap.
Ryoko’s movement was eerily erotic as she sat upright. With the dark of 
night, Fei had the illusion of seeing her float upwards, and due to her mild 
white makeup, her movements were that much more exotic and breathtaking. Fei 
could have sworn Ryoko’s hair had suddenly gone wild in chaotic spikes and 
her eyes burn a ruby red under her closed eyelids.
Oblivious to her own appearance, Ryoko simply closed her eyes and sat 
upright. With her eyes still closed she asked Fei in almost a purr, “Tell me 
about Miki’s father. What was he like?”
Fei gasped, completely taken aback by Ryoko’s question. She was just about 
to complain that she shouldn’t be changing the subject, when Ryoko opened 
her eyes. They looked like a crystal fish bowl, ready to overflow with a 
single drop more. What frightened Fei and made her grasp the seat for 
comfort was that they held no emotion. She couldn’t even say they looked 
empty, because they were filled with some kind of sentiment, something that 
held nothing yet anything but. She wondered what Ryoko was thinking to make 
her look like that. Fei had not known anyone who could so completely change 
moods that contrasted each other so completely, so fast.
Her hand traced Ryoko’s cheek, with no signs of life on Ryoko’s part. She 
was numb … the tears that threatened to cascade down her face were silent 
echoes. Ryoko could have been watching a slaughter, and Fei had the feeling 
her expression would not alter in the slightest.
Fei’s hand went to her lap as if it had been burned.
“How do you do that?
“Do what?” Ryoko asked without blinking.
“That. You look … Who did this to you? I can’t even put it into words. You 
have the same look in your eyes that I have only seen women who have been 
raped or children who have gone through unspeakable horrors. Men who have 
been to war, and have come back completely insane. The look of a comatose 
patient, who has all the vital functions working, yet the brain is dead.”
Fei paused to catch her breath. Whatever she had said must have touched 
Ryoko in some way, because if it wasn’t for her personally witnessing her 
look just a few moments ago, she would have never have believed she could 
have looked so empty. Thankfully Ryoko was now crying and hugging Fei. 
Apologizing with inconherable sobs.
“I’m sorry. I … I sometimes forget where I am you know? I think I am back on 
the soja … I’m sorry. I guess I can’t brake habits that have been scarred in 
me for thousands of years.”
Fei frowned at Ryoko’s words but decided to simply hug her back.
Ryoko had her face hidden on Fei’s tiny shoulder. Ryoko breathed in her 
scent, remembering she was probably ruining the kimono yet being incapable 
of leaving her embrace. In this tiny earth woman, Ryoko had found a friend 
who she hoped would understand her. Who she hoped would not turn away when 
she knew the truth. The whole truth.
Of course she wasn’t going to overwhelm her just yet. One thing at a time, 
and right now the most important thing was getting Tenchi of her chest and 
out her heart.
Ryoko sniffed and took out her silk handkerchief to gently dry her face.
“Tonight I … the boy I had loved for years … for all my life on earth.” 
Ryoko’s already jagged voice broke down and she had to fight the sobs making 
way to the surface. She looked out the window and contemplated the bright 
moon. Wishing she was in space. Wishing she had left all this ache behind 
her a long time ago. Her hand pressed on the cold glass and somehow that 
cold feeling comforted her. She felt just a cold and empty inside. She took 
a deep breath and turned to face Fei once again, her hand sliding of the 
window with a small squeak.
“Life’s funny you know? When I finally had my life together. When things for 
the first time ever were going right, he decides to show up and ruin 
everything.” Ryoko chuckled and her trying to control her nervousness was 
playing with her obi and her fingers lost their way in the endless folds and 
creases of the exquisite silk.
“Tonight I bumped into an old friend. And he … Tenchi was there.”
“Tenchi?”
Ryoko, looking down at her tangled fingers and had to take a conscious 
effort to shrug her shoulders which felt like they were carrying lead.
“Yeah. That’s the bastard’s name. And to top it all of, I only need to think 
there is a slight possibility of seeing him again and I melt.”
Ryoko tapped her foot and sighed in frustration at her own feelings.
“Was he there tonight? At the musuem? That’s why you didn’t want to attend.”
Fei asked and answered her own questions, making Ryoko smile.
“He didn’t get to go, but that doesn’t matter. He’s bound to see one of 
Matobi’s paintings … sometime. He is an artist. He is a wonderful artist.” 
Ryoko said with a wistful tone.
Fei observed her friend’s eyes soften and she comprehended that Ryoko needed 
to vent her feelings, knowing that she would need to talk about what hurt 
her sooner or later, so she could overcome it-and leave it behind her.
“But it was nice to see Mihoshi again. My old friend.” Ryoko suddenly 
clarified, bringing Fei out of her thoughts. “Who would have thought me and 
Mihoshi would be friends?” Ryoko smiled, this time a true smile, one that 
made Fei relax.
Fei laughed at Ryoko’s surprised expression and asked amused, “Why is that 
so hard to believe? You’re a great friend.”
Ryoko in a better mood flashed Fei a grin that shined bright in the dark of 
night and laughed. “Don’t milk it.” She warned playfully.
“Let’s just say that back in the day I wasn’t the most patient person in the 
world.”
“What are you talking about Cat? You are anything but patient.” Fei teased.
“Yeah well.” Ryoko huffed good-naturedly. “Back then I was ten times worse, 
and Mihoshi most often than not. Well… all the time actually, was as clumsy 
as … well clumsy is, clumsy does, get my drift?”
Ryoko asked Fei with a smile.
“But as clumsy as she is, I now realize she was and is the most honest and 
innocent one of the bunch. And through all the my endless teasing, she still 
remained my friend. Poor Mihoshi. If you only knew what all I put her 
through.” Ryoko said shocked at her own ruthlessness with Mihoshi.
“You must have been a little terror.” Fei said. “But that’s natural with all 
little kids Cat. Don’t feel too bad.”
“Little kids?” Ryoko asked confused.
* Of course! She thinks when I said 'back in the day' I meant when I was a 
kid. I only look like I am in my early twenties. *
“Well how young did you meet each other then?” Fei asked with a chuckle.
“Yeah I guess little kids. You’re right.” Ryoko agreed sheepishly.
“And you knew Tenchi since you were a kid too?”
“Yeah … all my life. And I loved him all my life.” Ryoko said as her somber 
mood made a quiet comeback.
“What happened? Why did you leave them behind?”
Ryoko smacked her mouth and laid her head on the car seat. Throwing all of 
Serla’s warnings on how to treat her delicate hairstyle out the window.
“Because he didn’t love me. Or at least not in the way I wanted. He loved 
the princess, and I know for a fact she loved him back just as much as I 
did. So the only thing left for me to do was bow out and go on my way. I 
will never be the third wheel. But when I left, I realized that my whole 
life revolved around that country house in Okayama. I wanted more than 
anything to have a life of my own. Away from them, away form everything in 
my past. That’s what I wanted to achieve and that’s what I have achieved. So 
he should go back to his lover and have wonderful children and rule their 
universe and leave me in peace!”
Ryoko said more to herself than to Fei with a dangerous growl in her voice.
Ryoko became silent, emerged in her memories, while Fei frowned incessantly.
All of a sudden, Ryoko laughed. She crackled. Holding her taught stomach as 
she laughed uncontrollably for minutes on end. Fei had the vision of Ryoko 
being some kind of diabolical mad scientist who had just created a real life 
Frankenstein. Frightened but still wanting to calm her friend down, Fei 
asked, “What’s so funny Cat?”
Tears rolling down her face freely, Ryoko had to make a big effort to 
control herself enough to answer Fei. In-between chuckles Ryoko explained.
“Poor Tenchi. Really what could I have expected from him? I wanted a 
relationship, I wanted true love, but hell… he was only a kid. Some scrawny 
earth boy who barely knew about anything, mush less love.” Ryoko paused and 
smiled, surprisingly with a high degree of warmth and emotion. A sign that 
Fei took well.
“I even tried to seduce him! Ha! And it never, ever worked. Can you imagine 
a geisha being unable to seduce a seventeen-year-old boy? If anyone knew I 
was a complete failure I would never be asked to entertain again.”
Ryoko paused and chuckled under her breath
before continuing, “After he ran away from me for the millionth time, I even 
came to think he was …”
Ryoko indicated what she was trying to say with her perfect interpretation 
of Homino-san.
“Well that was the problem Catara. Tenchi doesn’t like girls.” Fei giggled 
warmly.
“Yeah but that’s just me nursing my ego. In reality, he fell in love three 
times, completely ignoring me. My luck huh?”
Ryoko asked with a sarcastic grin and roll of her eyes.
Fei smiled with sympathy at Ryoko’s story. “Is that why you left?”
“Yeah … I basically broke down little by little. When I began accepting the 
fact that he didn’t belong to me … That he didn’t want me to belong to him. 
And when I saw him kissing my friend, the princess … I … I had two choices, 
leave … or die on the inside. I didn’t want to die, I know what it is to 
die. I was dead for years Fei, centuries. So Kitty and I left to make our 
own lives. Where we depend on each other and no one else. No more love that 
only serves to hurt you, make you weak.”
“Love doesn’t make you weak Cat. It makes you stronger.”
Ryoko looked at Fei with the corner of her eye, contemplating what her 
friend had just said.
“Love only makes you stronger when the man your in love with loves you back. 
But I was mistaken from the very beginning. I wasn’t in love with a man, but 
a boy. The most indecisive boy I have ever met at that.”
“So you ran away, and then almost ran me over.” Fei asked while pretending 
to rub the place on her thigh where she had fallen that fateful day.
“You know I have been meaning to talk to you about looking both ways before 
you decide to cross the street. Especially here in Tokyo. Not everyone can 
hit the brakes as fast as I can.”
“Yeah I know, I have had this lecture plenty of times before from Uncle 
Basho and Serla, please not you too.” Fei pleaded with a mocking pout.
“Learn to cross the street and I won’t say a word.” Ryoko promised.
The car went silent. Both geisha looking out the window and pointing at 
places they wanted to visit later. Asking with honey dripping from their 
voices if Ichima would mentally remember the addresses for them.
After driving around for a few blocks, trying to clear the depressing 
atmosphere created by Ryoko’s confessions, her mood lightened drastically.
“Let’s go shopping!” Fei blurted out after eyeing street after street of 
expensive looking shops.
“It’s almost dawn Fei. They closed hours ago.” Ichima explained with a yawn 
as he glanced over his shoulder quickly. Purposely making his yawn extra 
long, making sure Ryoko and Fei had noticed how tired was.
“Or,” Ryoko loved to disagree, “They will open in a few hours more. We can 
go eat some breakfast and then go shopping.”
“I thought you were tire Cat.” Fei said as her excitement doubled.
“Oh come on Fei! You’re leaving later today right? Let’s do something fun! 
I’m tired of always acting so polite all the time. I just want to tell 
someone to go fu-”
“Cat.” Ichima warned Ryoko of her almost proposed verbal indiscretion.
Ryoko narrowed her eyes at Ichima and offered him a deep growl followed with 
a flash of a wink.
“You get my drift right?” Ryoko asked Fei. “You know what? I’m also in the 
mood to brake this awful diet Serla has us on. How about some …”
“Brown rice with fried shrimp and noodles! Followed by a delicious chocolate 
cake with strawberry icing on the inside and a big cup of coffee.” Fei said 
dreamily as she pretended the food was laid out in font of her, and it was 
only up to her to decide what she would eat.
Ryoko stared at Fei for a few minutes with a completely perplexed look on 
her face. “Snap out of it.” Ryoko said with a shake of her shoulders and a 
smiled. “I think two out of three agree to go eat so …We win.” She giggled 
at Ichima’s sagging shoulders.
Both geisha cheered and Ichima tried to poorly conceal his own smile. He 
almost hit the car in front of him when Ryoko sneaked her head in between 
the two front seats and gave him a huge kiss on his cheek with a smile 
firmly planted on her lips.
“ I saw that smile Ichima-san. You can’t hide anything from me.” Ryoko 
chimed while moving her finger in tempo with her made up song.
“I know you’re mad that I sneaked out, but I’m not used to being watched 
over. Much less checking in with someone whenever I decide to leave. I 
promise I’ll try my best not to loose my temper when you call.”
Ichima quickly glanced at Ryoko’s smiling face and smiled back. “You could 
promise to not sneak out again period.” He offered with a tilt of his head.
“But what’s the fun of that?” Ryoko asked before disappearing to the back 
seat again with a chuckle that surprisingly sounded much like a giggle in 
disguise.
She flopped down on the backseat and turned to Fei with an excited look.
“I have never been on a shopping spree before.” Ryoko almost squeaked as she 
crossed her legs indian style on the back seat. Leaving her shoes on the 
floor in front of her. “What do you do?”
Fei looked at her with her jaw wide open. “You’re kidding right?”
When Ryoko shook her head, Fei almost forgot to re-close her drying mouth.
“Well you shop.” Fei answered finding no other way to describe such a every 
day affair. “You buy bags and bags and bags … of anything you want.”
Ryoko smiled and clasped her hands with a loud clap.
“You know what we can do? I have been looking for some school clothes for 
Kitty and-”
Fei caught Ryoko’s idea in a heartbeat. “And we could buy Miki some little 
outfits too! I saw these adorable tiny tennis shoes in a magazine back in 
Kyoto. Do you think we could find some here?”
“Are you kidding? If they don’t I’ll make them send for some!” Ryoko said a 
bit offended at Fei’s negative response.
Fei smiled while she nodded her head in agreement.
Ryoko checked the time on the car’s clock quickly and sighed in sadness with 
a loud gust of air that made the tiny loose hair that had escaped her 
hairstyle flutter.
“There’s something else I haven’t yet told you.” Ryoko told Fei as she bit 
her lip.
“What is it? What’s wrong?” Fei asked alarmed.
“I gave Mihoshi my phone number incase she needed my help in the future.”
“Go on.” Fei encouraged when Ryoko felt silent.
“She called while we were in the gala saying that Tenchi’s roommate was 
dying of some sort of leukemia. Then I guess she left the phone hanging and 
accidentally hanged up, or the line went dead, but she hasn’t called back.”
“Did she want you to go to the hospital?’ Fei guessed at Ryoko’s recurring 
silences.
“No … She needs some sort of medicine that apparently is rare. She has a few 
hours before her body rejects it and asked if I could help her.”
Fei looked confused. “How are you going to help her? Don’t tell me you’re a 
doctor and never told me.”
Ryoko had to smile at Fei’s attempt at lightening the mood.
“Yeah right.”
“But I talked to a Doctor Hiro Mujishbo, and he promised he would help as 
best he could. I’m afraid his little ‘extra’ help will end up costing me an 
arm and a leg, but I could not forgive myself if I had not at least tried to 
save the girl.”
“You’re a good friend Catara.” Fei said warmly.
“And don’t you forget it.” Ryoko responded in kind as Ichima pulled up at an 
all night restaurant.
* * * * * *
“Yamito hospital. I hope this is the place.” An uncertain Ayeka muttered 
under her breath as she led her sister across the crowed street to the huge 
white wash entrance.
The night air nipped at their delicate clothing, and they walked as close to 
each other as possible trying to block out the surprisingly chilly autumn 
weather.
“Ayeka?” Sasami looked up at her big sister with fear sketched in her 
infantile eyes. “Kukune is going to be okay right? We’re not too late are 
we?”
Ayeka looked down at her little sister and smiled with a staged certainty 
she lacked on the inside. “Keep walking Sasami. We’ll make it.”
Ayeka added an extra self-assured smile to completely calm her sister as 
they entered the hospital.
As they passed through a line of ailing people, Ayeka instinctively pulled 
Sasami closer to her and with the other hand padded the bulge around her 
thigh protectively. Mihoshi had mentioned the liquid was expensive, and who 
but the crowned princess of Jurai had enough money to spare?
She carried more than the amount she judged the liquid would cost and walked 
faster to the elevators. Mihoshi had called from level seven, so Washu’s 
transporter device read.
* I hope I worked it right. Why does Washu have to make her inventions so 
difficult to figure out? *
 
She felt a sharp tug of her hand and then heard Sasami exclaim in relief as 
she pointed excitedly with her index finger.
“Look Ayeka! There’s Mihoshi. Mihoshi! Mihoshi!”
Sasami had broken loose of Ayeka’s grasp and yelled as she waved her hands 
wildly in the air, trying to grab Mihoshi’s attention.
“Sasami!” Mihoshi gasped and giggled at the site of a beaming Sasami 
dragging Ayeka by the hand as she accidentally toppled over people as she 
happily stomped her way to her.
“I missed you!” Sasami’s shout was muffled as she hugged Mihoshi tight and 
buried her face in Mihoshi’s dress.
“How’s Kukune?” Ayeka asked as she nodded her head in greeting and shifted 
uncomfortably at the passing stares of the patients and visiting family 
members.
“Takumi is with her right now. We don’t know if she can get the medicine in 
time yet. Hopefully my friend will come through.” Mihoshi answered with a 
small sigh of hope dwindling in her voice.
“And Tenchi?” Ayeka could no longer contain her curiosity and main reason 
why she had agreed to come to Tokyo.
After Ryoko left, Tokyo simply held too many wonderful memories of her 
escapades with her pirate friend. They had roamed all of Japan looking for 
Tenchi, but focused their main efforts in Tokyo.
Ayeka was sure she knew this city like the palm of her hand by the time 
Tenchi was finally located.
After all this time without Ryoko, Ayeka had the fleeting hope that after 
stepping through the portal and unto Tokyo, her pain would go away. It 
wasn’t a big surprise though that as she stepped unto the crowed streets, 
and felt the chill of Tokyo’s autumn wind caress her cheeks, her mind and 
body went back in time and expected to see that familiar figure with cyan 
hair appear next to her and tease like she always used to do with her eyes 
gleaming with planned mischief.
“All right chipmunk. After working all week nonstop, I think we deserve a 
well earned break.”
Ayeka would raise a quizzical but equally intrigued eyebrow at Ryoko in 
question. Ryoko in turn would (if there weren’t a lot of pedestrians around) 
float around the princess, gently nudging her to accept her offer.
Ayeka would do everything in her power to control the grin creeping it’s
way to her lips, but of course Ryoko would see it coming a mile away.
“I had no idea you were so afraid Princess.” She’d taunt.
“Afraid! Afraid of what pirate! I am not in fear of anyone or anything!” 
Ayeka then would proceed to scream defiantly.
Gently landing down in front of Ayeka, Ryoko - hands on hips - would grin 
and narrow her eyes playfully yet closely mimicking a tiger cornering it’s 
pray.
“I think The King and Queens of the high and mighty Jurain empire would be 
very interested to learn what her daughter spends her nights doing don’t you 
think?” Ryoko would visibly vibrate with glee as Ayeka turned ghastly pale 
and swallow nervously.
Making a perfect impression of an innocent girl trying to ‘help’ her friend 
out, Ryoko would
continue immediately, “Why, I think I’ll call them right this minute. They 
will surely be delighted to know what her daughter did last Saturday night 
with- ”
“Alright! You evil pirate. You win!” Ayeka would interrupt her, before Ryoko 
had the chance to tease her again for the millionth time about her getting 
literally wasted as both friends spent the whole night drinking and singing 
their sadness away.
Ryoko surprisingly remained relatively sober that night. Ayeka had the 
impression she had purposely done this so she could drink without worries or 
cares. Ryoko watched over her friend all night and took care of her immense 
hangover much of the following day. Patiently taking her grunts and 
halfhearted insults claiming the water in the tub ‘too hot’, or the tea 
broth ‘too cold’.
Ayeka sighed as Mihoshi led them to the elevator with instructions to go up 
to the seventh floor and look for Tenchi and Kiyone.
“Where are you going Mihoshi?” Sasami asked with wide, questioning eyes.
“I have to go make a phone call and the cafeteria phones were out of order.” 
Mihoshi explained while rubbing her stomach gently, suddenly remembering she 
was very hungry indeed.
“Who are you going to call?” Ayeka asked surprised.
“My friend. The one who might be able to help.” Mihoshi carefully chose her 
words, trying to act nonchalant and not give Ryoko away.
“What friend?” Ayeka and Sasami asked in unison as Mihoshi pressed the 
elevator button, willing it with her mind to open its doors before she 
opened her big mouth.
“Er … A Geisha. I met her at the museum awhile ago and she might be able to 
get that liquid.”
“A geisha! Was she pretty?” Sasami asked enthralled.
“Oh yeah! And she had eyes just like Ryo … I mean she had uh…”
Thankfully the elevator opening saved Mihoshi and she ushered the sisters 
into it with a nervous smile and wave as the door closed with a small beep 
sound.
*Uf! That was close! One more slipup like that and I’ll really be in for 
it.*
She walked quickly to the information desk, asking to use the phone for a 
quick call.
* * * * * * *
“Don’t you think we should take of our makeup before we enter?” Ryoko asked 
a little apprehensively as they parked at the all night sushi bar.
Fei’s hand, already on the car doorknob froze in place as she agreed with 
Ryoko’s reasoning.
“I mean, they’ll know we are geishas and I don’t really feel like being 
gawked at.” Ryoko continued as she sighed and looked at herself in the rear 
view mirror. Further sighing as she observed her makeup was very much 
perfect.
* I guess Serla did a good job in teaching me to apply the makeup. Hours 
later and it still looks like I just applied it.*
Ichima had gone to talk to the owner, making sure that Ryoko and Fei were 
left in relative peace and able to enjoin they’re early breakfast.
Ryoko took out her handkerchief and started to gently smooth it over her 
skin, hoping that it would be enough to take of the stark white makeup. 
Though she very well knew she needed warm water and patience.
As both geisha discussed how to look less conspicuous a sudden ring made 
them freeze and made Ryoko’s eyes grow round and look twice their size.
“The phone!” Ryoko shrieked as she lunged to the front seats and looked 
frantically for the tiny cellular phone Ichima had stored somewhere in the 
front.
“Where did he put that blasted phone!” Ryoko growled as her hands went all 
over the front seats. After the sixth ring and Fei’s nervous gasps from the 
backseat, Ryoko froze and breathed deeply. Trying to control herself before 
she exploded in a fit of frustrated rage.
* Relax Catara. Follow the sound. Focus… focus … *
She burrowed her brow and closed her eyes, not even breathing she blocked 
out Fei, blocked out the world, and concentrated on the incessant ringing.
“Why isn’t she picking up?” Mihoshi asked herself as she smiled sheepishly 
at the nurse attendant. She had promised she would be quick, but Ryoko 
wasn’t picking up.
“Hello!”
“Yes, is Catara Soki- ”
“Mihoshi it’s me! Why the hell didn’t you call sooner? How is she? Has she 
gotten the liquid yet?”
Ryoko hit Mihoshi with a million and one questions, barely letting her even 
breathe before she asked another.
“And the family? They don’t know about me do they? Mihoshi? Mihoshi was the 
matter? Why aren’t you talking?”
“Ryoko slow down.” Mihoshi sighed as the nurse attendant now began glaring 
at her.
 
“I have to make this quick before I have to hang up, but Kukune is still 
sick Ryoko. Can you help her? Can you get the liquid?”
Ryoko huffed and sank back down in the backseat with a frustrated growl.
“Oh Mihoshi I am doing all I can, but I don’t even know where she is 
staying. It’s like finding a needle in a hay stack!”
“I’m in Yamito hospital. In the art district.” Mihoshi said it loud enough 
and directed it at the nurse, asking for a confirmation on the information. 
When the nurse nodded her head a little impatiently, Mihoshi smiled and 
mouthed a nervous thank you.
Ryoko bit her lip and looked at a worried Fei with utter frustration as she 
talked to Mihoshi.
“I’m so careless! I didn’t ask for doctor Hiro’s phone number. I have no way 
of getting in touch with him to inform him she’s in Yamito.”
“Who?”
“I … I asked a doctor for his help, but since you didn’t tell me anything 
about Kukune, I just asked him to help all the Kukune’s who were in Tokyo 
hospitals.” Ryoko answered.
“Doctor Hiro?” Mihoshi asked, trying to place the name with a familiar face, 
but turning out blank. As soon as she repeated the name though, the glaring 
nurse gained interest and interrupted Mihoshi’s conversation.
“You know the good Doctor?”
“Huh?” Mihoshi asked taken aback by the nurse’s sudden involvement.
Ryoko heard the nurse’s question faintly and recognized that indeed the 
saying was true. When the door was closed, there would be a window opened.
“Mihoshi tell her that you know Doctor Hiro Mujishbo personally and are 
there making sure that his order to help Kukune is done now.”
Ryoko improvised.
On her part, Mihoshi for once got Ryoko’s plan perfectly and nodded her head 
in agreement. Turning to the nurse with a strict face, the same face Kiyone 
had when she was busting a criminal, she barked Ryoko’s words at the now 
slightly frightened nurse.
Ryoko couldn’t help but smile at Mihoshi’s tone of voice.
“Yes, let me just look at our files.” The nurse explained as her fingertips 
hit the computer keyboard with quick, hard taps on the buttons.
Fei brushed Ryoko’s hand gently, trying to get her attention while 
whispering, “What’s wrong? Is she okay?”
Ryoko looked at her friend and shook her head with a worried glance. Ichima 
cheerfully opened the driver door, and met with two worried looking geishas 
with their index fingers on their lips, asking him to hush.
He closed the door behind him with a loud bang, and Ryoko glared at him, 
daring him to make another noise. Ichima gulped and bowed his head in 
apology.
“Yes we do have orders to immediately administer a bone marrow transplant to 
all leukemia patients with the first name of Kukune.” The nurse read of the 
screen. Both Mihoshi and Ryoko gasped in happy surprise.
“But that will be impossible.”
“Why?” Mihoshi asked with eyes threatening to water.
“Because we have a strict policy, and in order to make Doctor Hiro’s orders 
valid he needs to come by personally.”
“He does?” Mihoshi asked with all hope gone.
Over the phone Ryoko fumed at her inability to help.
* Why is it so hard to help people? Ah! She’s going to die. *
“Yes, we need either him or …” She clicked a few more keys and continued 
with a slow drawl. “Or … it says here the only other person who we can 
accept the order from if they come personally is … Catara Sokimobu.”
Ryoko gasped and bit her lip so hard, she let out a tiny yelp as her teeth 
cut skin.
“Ryoko! Can you get Catara to come by?” Mihoshi asked with renewed hope.
“I … I …” Ryoko couldn’t even get out the words.
* Ug! I need some water. My throat, it’s so dry. *
Ryoko thought as she shifted uncomfortably in the car seat. Fei and Ichima 
were watching her like hawks, and that didn’t help her feel anymore at ease 
than being stuck in a room full of potential damnas.
“Ryoko? Are you there? Hello?”
“Yes.” Ryoko cleared her throat and said a little more firmly. “Yes Mihoshi, 
I’m here.”
“Can you bring her down here? Kukune only has a couple of more hours to go. 
You’re the only one that can save her. Bring Catara down Ryoko. Please.” 
Mihoshi was now silently crying, and the nurse held a sympathetic smile 
toward the galaxy officer.
Ryoko coughed and looked at Fei’s face. Those wonderfully tender eyes.
* Just like Tenchi’s *
“I’ll be right there Mihoshi. Pass the phone to that nurse.” Mihoshi 
squealed in delight and offered the phone to the nurse with a smile.
“Yes?”
“Who am I speaking with?” Ryoko asked with a very firm tone of voice.
“Um … the information desk clerk ma’am.”
“I see. Alright listen closely. I have no time to speak to your superior but 
this is a matter of life and death.” Ryoko took a moment to let the severity 
of her words sink in, and continued with a even more severe tone of voice. 
Almost growling at the poor nurse.
“I am Geisha Catara Sokimobu, and I will be there shortly. But this woman, 
Kukune, has no time for me to arrive. Ready the operation, and get her 
prepped.”
“But Geisha Catara we can’t- ”
“Listen closely.” Ryoko interrupted this time with a true growl in her 
voice.
“I am the real geisha and if I get there and I find she is not prepped I 
will personally take pains to make that hospital look like a waste. Just get 
her ready for the operation and I’ll be right there understand?”
“Ye … yes ma’am.” The nurse said.
She passed the phone back to Mihoshi with a trembling hand and went to 
fulfill Ryoko’s order.
“When are you getting here?” Mihoshi asked excitedly.
“I’m on my way now. Wait for me at the entrance?”
“Okay. But hurry!”
Ryoko nodded silently and hanged the phone line.
“Ichima,” Ryoko informed him with little gasps breaking her voice up, 
“Yamito hospital, and hurry.”
* * * * *
 
 
“I can’t find them Ayeka.” Sasami said as both sisters searched the floor, 
looking for Tenchi, Kiyone or Takumi.
 
“Let’s ask someone.” Ayeka suggested and approached an intern doctor with 
apprehension.
“Excuse me sir. I was wondering if-”
“Ayeka?”
Ayeka turned her head at the male voice hoping it was Tenchi, but only 
finding a hollow eyed Takumi.
“Takumi how is she?” Ayeka asked as the intern walked away.
Takumi simply shrugged and hugged her tight. She could feel him holding back 
sobs, as his body shook in sudden spasms.
“She’ll be okay you’ll see.” Sasami comforted him. From anyone else, he 
would have hit them in the jaw for giving him false hope, but coming from 
Tenchi’s small friend, he almost believed it.
He released Ayeka and caressed Sasami’s chin briefly and offered her a weak 
grin.
“So where’s Tenchi?” Takumi asked as they settled down once again in the 
waiting room.
“We thought he was with you.” Ayeka said with her shoulders starting to sag.
“Maybe he’s with Kiyone?” Sasami said.
Takumi and Ayeka remained silent, and Sasami sighed, wanting to see Tenchi 
again. She just knew with Tenchi here, everything would be okay. The only 
other people that made her feel completely safe were her sister, but ever 
since Ryoko left that safe feeling had been fading away,
and Ryoko herself. Nothing bad could ever happen to her if Ryoko was there 
to protect her. But she had learned the hard way that the only person she 
could count on was Tenchi.
Fed up with waiting for things to happen, Sasami got up and walked to the 
reservation desk, asking the man behind the desk to let her use the speaker 
system.
“Who are you trying to find little one?” He asked kindly.
“My .. my brother Tenchi. Can I please call him?”
He nodded and handed the tiny mike. When the little light bulb on the mike 
turned green
she said, almost shouted, “Tenchi! It’s me Sasami! We’re here!”
Everyone covered their ears at the immense sound, and the man quickly turned 
of the mike, squinting at the buzz left in his ears by Sasami’s high pitched 
voice.
“I’ll call him for you little one. We don’t want to wake the sick now. 
What’s your name?”
“Masaki. Masaki Sasami.”
“Excuse me, will Masaki Tenchi come to level seven, intensive care. Your 
sister Sasami is waiting. I repeat, will Masaki Tenchi come to level seven, 
intensive care, your sister Sasami is waiting.”
Sasami smiled and walked back to Ayeka and Takumi. Both were so engrossed in 
their own thoughts, neither had heard the message. Sasami sighed and sat 
down in between them to wait.
* * * * * * * * *
“Tenchi slow down!” Kiyone asked, almost pleaded, as she walked in long 
strides to keep up with him.
“I don’t see the cafeteria.” Tenchi muttered and stopped to look at the 
hospital map hanging of a wall.
His finger searched all over the index and stopped sharply at cafeteria, 
level 3.
His other hand still clutched in a death trip the magazine the old man had 
let him have. Anyone passing by who would happen to offer a glance in 
Tenchi’s direction would immediately start walking the other way. Every 
muscle in his entire body was strained to the maximum.
“I guess I misread.” Kiyone said as she caught up to him. Noticing that his 
finger laid right next to the directions to reach the cafeteria.
He turned around and was about to answer when the speakerphone made an awful 
high pitched sound, followed by a man, calling for him to go the level 
seven.
“They came.” Tenchi said in surprise.
“Mihoshi’s probably with them.” Kiyone said to calm him down.
He nodded and both ran to the elevator.
* * * * * *
“Excuse me, you are related to Hikoshima Kukune are you not?” A heavily 
bearded doctor asked Takumi, startling him from his thoughts.
Ayeka was also startled and looked over at Sasami quickly, trying to make 
brief eye contact with her little sister. Sasami didn’t notice. She was too 
busy trying to understand what the doctor and Takumi where whispering about.
“What’s the matter Doctor? Is she alright?” Takumi asked with a dangerous 
edge to his voice.
Ayeka stood up and interrupted the doctor’s reply. “Excuse me. If the 
medicine is too expensive, there is no problem. I have the money necessary 
to cover her medical expenses doctor.” She unconsciously reached down to 
make sure the wad of bills were still stored safely in her pant pocket 
before nodding to a surprised Takumi in assurance.
“Ah well that is good to know, but I’m afraid that money is not the problem 
here.” The doctor smiled at Ayeka while stroking his beard with his fingers.
“Bone Marrow is a very costly thing, and is not only acquired by 
considerable capital, but by certain connections.”
Takumi growled and Ayeka gave him a worried glance.
“Unfortunate for the lower classes, but we don’t get enough people who are 
willing to donate bone marrow, and on top of that, the candidates have to 
match in order for the transplant to be successful.”
“Don’t give me that bullshit about how hard it is. Kukune has been waiting 
for three years for a transplant! Three years!”
Takumi’s eyes bulged and he grabbed the elderly doctor by the collar, 
raising him about two feet in the air.
“Takumi please calm down. There is nothing to gain by acting like this. 
We’ll find a way to help her. Let him go.” Sasami stood beside Takumi, 
sobbing lightly.
“Better listen to the young miss or I won’t be able to help her at all.” The 
doctor replied quite calmly and straightened his green overalls as Takumi 
released his hold.
“What do you mean doctor?” Ayeka asked.
“It seems that Kukune has friends in high places. As we speak we are getting 
her prepped and the operation room ready. Orders coming straight from - ”
“Tenchi!” Sasami interrupted and ran straight to Tenchi’s happy but 
surprised arms.
“Hey Sasami. I’m glad you came.” Tenchi smiled down at Sasami with his lips 
slightly quivering with the effort it took him to make his smile seem 
natural.
Sasami inwardly frowned, but related his stressed effort as him being 
worried about Kukune.
“Tenchi.” Ayeka breathlessly whispered.
“I hate to interrupt this reunion,” the doctor interrupted slightly annoyed 
at all the interruptions and turned to Takumi with a firm stare. “I need 
your confirmation to start the pre-surgery procedures.”
Takumi gasped and Tenchi quickly went to his side, Sasami still holding his 
hand within hers.
Ayeka stepped to the side and couldn’t take her eyes of him.
“You mean she’s getting the transplant?” Tenchi asked.
“It looks that way.” The doctor nodded his head and took a small clipboard 
from his side pocket and handed it to Takumi to sign.
“But why…how?” Kiyone being the never-ending detective understood some 
unknown person had helped.
“Well as I was saying before I was interrupted,” the doctor looked down 
sternly at Sasami. She only held unto Tenchi’s hand harder.
“All we need to start the transplant, or who we need to start the transplant 
is Geisha Catara Sokimobu’s personal order and we’re set.”
* * * * * * *
 
* It’s so hot in here * Ryoko thought as she opened the car window a crack.
As Ryoko fanned her face with her hand, Fei sat in silence, figuring out a 
way to calm her friend down.
>From what Ryoko had said over the phone, Fei pretty much guessed the 
hospital needed her presence to begin the transplant.
She stole another quick glance at Ryoko. She was looking out the window, 
trying to catch the cold breeze. Fei shivered and hugged herself tight. It 
was cold outside, and with the powerful breeze the car’s movement created, 
it was cold in the car now too. Yet she could make out tiny drops of 
perspiration on Ryoko'’ forehead.
* She’s absolutely terrified. *
“Fei.” Ryoko said with a raspy voice. “In order to make this work … we will 
… I will have to give the performance of a life time.”
Ryoko’s lip quivered, and as Ichima stopped at a red light, the post light 
in the corner of the street gave Fei enough light to observe Ryoko had bit 
her lip a little too hard. She had a bright red spot on her bottom lip, 
which she periodically moistened with her tongue.
“They hospital cannot know that I know them Fei. I am no longer Ryo- ” Ryoko 
could not even pronounce her old name without feeling dry, raspy feeling 
deep down in her throat. She grimaced and swallowed a couple of times.
Fei understood what she was unable to finish. Ryoko would have to go in 
there as a geisha, and face her demons without the slightest trace pain. She 
would have to face that boy Tenchi, without breaking down, like she had done 
earlier this evening, though Fei doubted she would be strong enough to.
Ryoko was shivering from the cold breeze, but yet still held tiny beads of 
perspiration.
Fei frowned and looked out her window. It was almost dawn. And she couldn’t 
believe how much had happened between the lapse of a single day.
The safe haven of the Kyoto okiya seemed like a distant dream to her.
Her fingers suddenly ached to hold her little Miki in her arms again, but 
was eternally glad she was here to help Ryoko out in this difficult time for 
her.
 
“Okay geisha, here we are. Now Ryoko, I’m working in the dark here but I’ll 
trust you.” Ichima parked in front of the hospital and turned halfway in his 
seat to look at his two geisha, giving Ryoko a comforting smile to calm her.
Ryoko nodded silently and Ichima continued, “I will get one of these nurses 
to park the car and I will go walk with you at all times understand?” He 
looked back and forth between the two women before nodding himself and 
stepping out of a car to wave down a nurse.
“Ready?” Fei asked delicately.
“Yes. I am.”
Ryoko had been looking out the window the entire ride over to the hospital. 
Willing her feelings deep down inside her, into a hollow pit that had been 
created since the time of Kagato. In that hollow pit, a black hole within 
her sole, Ryoko had been able to survive centuries of mental torture. This 
is were she had hidden her true self, the one who laughed and loved, and 
longed for freedom.
This is were she was retreating to. She had to be completely concentrated to 
not break down and run as far away from him as possible.
And if there was any one person strong enough to face the man she loved and 
show not a decimal of concern it was Ryoko.
As Ichima opened the door to let them out, Ryoko grabbed Fei’s hand as said 
quickly, “Follow my lead and don’t say a word.”
Fei nodded and stepped out. Ryoko had the same look she had awhile before 
when she had asked about Miki’s father.
“Ryoko!” Mihoshi called out as she walked quickly to her side.
Ryoko bowed calmly and with her eyes, conveyed to Mihoshi she wanted her to 
walk beside her.
With the most silent of whispers, and her mouth hardly moving, Ryoko said, 
“Mihoshi I am not Ryoko, I am Catara. We met for the first time this 
evening, and out of a genuine fondness for your person I agreed to help.”
They continued to walk even as Ryoko talked, and all Mihoshi could do was 
look at her friend through the corner of her eye. For the second time that 
night, Mihoshi made no fuss and went along with Ryoko’s instruction.
Not even talking, but limiting herself to merely being a spectator.
The nurse Mihoshi had talked to was waiting for Catara in the same 
information desk, only with a handful of impressive looking men around her.
“Geisha Catara we are honored to have you visit our humble hospital.” A man 
dressed with an off navy, werstern style suit and a thin cigar strip 
mustache, which barely reached the corners of his mouth, greeted them. The 
weak mustache gave him the appearance of hanging dirt on his face.
Ryoko smiled and bowed her head slightly. Ichima stood a few feet in front 
of Ryoko and Fei, relaying to everyone who cared to approach the geishas 
unannounced, that they would have to go through him first. Of course only a 
crazy person would go up against a retired sumo wrestler. Especially since 
Ichima still retained the immense size and width of the sumo champion he had 
been.
“Thank you for receiving me, but now the most important thing is to get that 
girl her transplant. Is my presence enough?” Ryoko asked, inwardly hoping 
she would not have to see anybody.
“I’m afraid we need you signature next to the girl’s family’s authorization 
for the transplant. It will only take a little while Golden Geisha, this 
way.” The same man bowed and ushered his hands in the way of the elevator.
Ryoko and Fei walked with a straight spine and head held high. Arms hidden 
in their sleeves, they seemed to tower over everybody. Especially Ryoko with 
her pale, alabaster skin, and smooth, deliberate stride. Her kimono indeed 
billowing out from her legs, and her slightly faster stride gave inadvertent 
glimpses of the bottom half of her well-toned legs and knees.
Mihoshi walked beside Ryoko and stared quite obviously at her friend in awe. 
She had changed so much since her days in Okayama. She couldn’t place 
exactly what had changed in her friend, but it was definitely a good change. 
Judging from the dumbstruck faces of men and women alike as they entered the 
elevator it was a great change.
* * * * * *
“What geisha? Kukune never mentioned that women before in my life.” Takumi 
said perplexed but relieved at Kukune’s good fortune.
He turned to Tenchi smiling but instantly frowned when he noticed Tenchi was 
as pale as a sheet.
“She’s coming here?” Kiyone asked wide eyed and with a screech in her 
usually controlled voice. Sasami and Ayeka looked confused and asked 
themselves what was so important about this geisha.
* Maybe that’s the woman Mihoshi was talking about. * Ayeka thought.
The same intern who had helped Sasami locate Tenchi, came hurriedly to the 
bearded doctor’s side and said with pure excitement in his voice.
“She’s here! The Golden Geisha is coming up as we speak.” The young intern 
said with trembling limbs.
Tenchi looked towards the elevator as it opened, followed by the gazes of 
the entire party. Ayeka briefly observed Tenchi and wondered why he was so 
tense. The vein in his forehead that showed itself when he was under extreme 
stress was ready to bulge. His face was hard set, and by the tiny movements 
of skin at the jaw near his ears, Ayeka could tell his jaw was locked solid. 
His eyes were hard, but held something … fear. They held fear and Ayeka 
followed his intense gaze to the elevator.
Ayeka saw an immense man walk out of the elevator, making it slightly shake 
as he stepped out of it. Then she saw a flash of color, followed by a scent 
so sweet she unconsciously closed her eyes and breathed in deeply the scent 
of … cherry blossoms. The fragrance was simply intoxicating.
As the man approached them, she spotted Mihoshi’s blonde hair, and realized 
the flash of color belonged to a very expensive looking kimono belonging to 
whoever was walking beside her. She had not seen fabric so rich since she 
has been in Jurai.
Ayeka truly had no idea earthlings had that much talent.
The man came closer still and the Doctor nodded to a man who was wearing a 
blue suit. Ayeka curled her nose up at him. This little man was dressed very 
richly, but something about him was off. She could tell this man was no 
gentleman but simply a commoner well dressed. And that mustache made her 
want to laugh in his face, but before she could let out a small chuckle, the 
man spoke.
“Doctor Kyamisho, meet the Golden Geisha.”
That whale of a man stepped to the side and behind him stood Mihoshi with 
two exquisite looking geisha. Though the one with the ‘flash of color’ 
called for all of Ayeka’s attention.
Her beautiful kimono and obi made Ayeka for once feel slightly inferior. She 
frowned and looked upwards, to her toned hips and tiny waist. Then to her 
considerable bust and her neck.
Her face, with her eyes looking down, she did not see her eyes.
Her makeup took Ayeka’s breath away. The stark white makeup giving her a 
very dramatic look. Her lips were painted red only in the middle, making 
them seem the perfect heart shaped lips all women in Japan long to have.
* Even in Jurai * Ayeka mused.
When she looked higher to her hair, she gasped and hugged herself tightly.
“By Tsunami!” She managed to croak.
She was breathing hard through her mouth and quickly looked towards the 
others. Kiyone did not seem as shocked as Ayeka felt, but she wasn’t 
blinking. She then looked towards Tenchi. In fact she had looked at him 
first but forcefully looked towards Kiyone instead.
Sasami had Tenchi’s hand in a death hold, and her face was hidden in his 
sweater, yet Ayeka could tell she was peaking at the woman through one eye.
Tenchi on the other hand wasn’t shocked at all. But he was mad, in fact he 
was furious, so much that his body shook as he tried to control himself. He 
had a look of utter hatred toward the woman right in front of him.
She looked at her again, unbelieving.
“We are honored to have you here Golden Geisha.” The doctor welcomed her 
with a deep bow.
At the doctor’s words, the woman looked up and Ayeka gasped at her stare.
“Ryoko!”
The woman looked directly at Tenchi … and smiled.
 
End of chapter …


