

Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction:
          These characters don’t belong to me.

Comments?  magdalena_gv@hotmail.com
      If you are new to this story, please start with chapter one named 
accordingly like the title. Other than that enjoy!
" The Sea Of Change "

Malena  ( magdalena_gv@hotmail.com )
          Regular
   The Sea of Change
Chapter 9: Phone Calls
Set after Tenchi Forever, Ryoko is tired of the current love triangle, and 
begins painful steps to mature. An introspective look.


Chapter 9:


                                                 “Phone Calls”


Mihoshi’s hand traveled at light speed to her face. In all her thoughts 
about the missing pirate and all her scenarios about where she might be 
hiding, not even her with her fantastic imagination, could have thought she 
would be here.

“Ryoko! What are you doing here Ryok- ”

Ryoko covered Mihoshi’s hand with her own and dragged her within the 
Egyptian hall, behind a huge statue of the majestic Rah.

“Mihoshi. Wha … What are you doing here tonight?”
Ryoko with all her recent training remained calm on the outside. Inside 
however was another matter all together.
* Mihoshi! What am I going to do! Tenchi! He must be here! I have to leave, 
he can’t see me, not like this! Calm down Catara. Get the information out of 
Mihoshi first, make a plan. *

“Me! I came with Kiyone and Tenchi and his friends. Did Tenchi call you to 
invite you? I had no idea he knew where you were! Where have you been 
anyway? Ayeka has been waiting for your call.”

Ryoko’s gaze roamed the hall, avoiding Mihoshi. She bit her lip nervously, 
chewing on the tip incessantly. At the mention of Ayeka’s name she looked at 
Mihoshi.

“Ayeka? Is.. is she here?”

“No. No Ayeka is in Okayama with Sasami. They didn’t want to come tonight.”

Probably for the first time in ages, Mihoshi remained silent. Taking in the 
change in her lost friend.

Ryoko  shifted slightly, uncomfortable at Mihoshi’s silence, and worried 
that someone else might walk in and spot her. She needed to find out what 
had happened in her absence, now that she had the chance to find out, she 
wasn’t nearly insane enough to let it pass her by. Just … she couldn’t ask 
here.

“Want to get some coffee? I know of a great little place near here, we could 
go and- ”

“Yes! I’m starving! Can I have some sweet bread too?”

“Sure Mihoshi, lets go through the side, just be quiet, people like to enjoy 
the museum in silence.”
Ryoko made up a story and prayed that Mihoshi wouldn’t bring any more 
unwanted attention. She held out her hand, and smiled warmly at Mihoshi. 
Beside the obvious danger of being recognized, and seeing Tenchi, Ryoko had 
to admit it was great seeing her again.
Mihoshi hesitantly took her hand, not used to seeing her friend’s softer 
side.

“I need a taxi.” Ryoko stated to the door man quietly with a nod of her 
head, and a quick hand shake that contained a considerable sum of money for 
his help. She still held Mihoshi’s hand in hers, and with the other, 
rearranged her kimono almost unconsciously. As they watched the door man go 
and fetch the taxi, Ryoko turned to look at Mihoshi with another warm smile.

“It’s cold out here, how about a little bottle of sake? It will warm you 
right up.”
Mihoshi nodded enthusiastically and Ryoko squeezed her hand gently with a 
nod of her head.

*    *     *

“Okay then, can we have a bottle of sake and sweet bread?” Mihoshi looked up 
from the menu to check if Ryoko approved and when she nodded her head, 
Mihoshi beamed. She slapped the menu shut and gave it to the waiter pleased 
with her selections. “That will be all for now.”

The waiter bowed and walked to take care of their order.

Mihoshi moved around nervously on her cushion as she looked at Ryoko, 
silently asking her for any topic of conversation. All Ryoko could do to 
control her nerves was treat her like a geisha would treat someone. She 
smiled gently and as the waiter brought the sake and two white porcelain 
cups, Ryoko delicately served her friend, filling her cup only a quarter 
full.
She then proceeded to fold the fabric napkins in such a way that they seemed 
to magically turn into tiny flakes of snow. Mihoshi watched Ryoko’s talented 
hands in awe. As Ryoko folded, she decided to brake the ice and make small 
talk.

“How have you been?”

Mihoshi glanced up at Ryoko’s face and for a second had a look of complete 
confusion, as if Ryoko had spoken in German instead of Japanese. Ryoko 
frowned and asked again.
“How have you been Mihoshi?”

“Where have you been?” Mihoshi returned her question with one of her own and 
anger rising in her voice.

Ryoko was taken aback by Mihoshi’s sudden change in mood. She couldn’t help 
but feel a little proud of her shaking off her ditzy mask for once. Mihoshi 
fiddled with her cup and kept on talking, with each word her voice rising.

“You left without saying a word to anybody! You know that was not very nice 
at all. You had everybody worried sick! Kiyone and I even searched for you 
in the nearby solar systems Ryoko!”

In the beginning of Mihoshi’s outburst Ryoko had braced herself and kept her 
gaze on the table, mush like a child would do when being scolded. When she 
mentioned they had been looking for her, a small grin made its way to her 
lips.
* They were worried! *
Then when Mihoshi shouted her name to the four winds Ryoko’s gaze snapped to 
her friends ranting lips and glanced quickly around the restaurant before 
putting a strong hand on Mihoshi’s shoulder and calming her down.

“Mihoshi please.” Ryoko poured her a full cup of sake with the hopes of 
calming her down a bit.

“I needed to leave, I … I couldn’t breathe.” Ryoko’s hands grazed her neck 
as she searched for the correct words to justify herself.
“I wasn’t happy anymore. Being in Okayama made me feel … like I was dying 
inside, it … hurt.”
Ryoko placed a shaking hand on her heart, looking straight at Mihoshi.

“I am tired of always hurting Mihoshi. I think I deserve more.”
Mentally exhausted from her confession, she looked down at her cup and mixed 
it around with her finger, licking the tip with a sigh.

“Why didn’t you tell us? We could have helped.” Mihoshi asked as the waiter 
placed a basket of sweet bread on the table.

Ryoko swallowed the lump forming in her throat and watched the waiter go.
She clasped her hands together, looking for strength within her to keep on 
talking. Up to this point Ryoko was almost convinced she had left her past 
behind her. Where it should be, in her memories, but seeing Mihoshi again, 
and the possibility of seeing Tenchi… it just scrambled everything inside 
her, and turned her into knots, impossible to untie.

“I .. I didn’t say anything because … you were part of the problem. Well not 
you, but everything. I couldn’t say anything because you would not have let 
me leave … I would have kept on hurting.”

Because of the obi she was wearing, Ryoko was unable to slouch down on her 
chair. She was a geisha, looked like a geisha and for the first time since 
she had begun her new life, completely forgot who she was supposed to be.
Her head felt heavy and her hand automatically went to her head. With her 
fingers she felt her hair, her fingertips traveled her hair style, and 
lingered on the porcelain comb Serla had given her for the gala. She 
panicked for a second, not knowing why her hair was styled that way, her 
eyes roamed everywhere as her mind searched frantically for the answer. Her 
eyes caught the gleam of the knife resting before her and inadvertently also 
caught a glimpse of her reflection.
* That’s me! Oh my god the gala! Matobi is going to kill me! *

She looked at her hands, and her eyes traveled to her sleeves, and her 
kimono and obi. Mihoshi followed Ryoko’s gaze.
“You never wore stuff like that back home. Why?”

Ryoko smiled, remembering where she was.
“Are you kidding me? I was made fun of if I wore a bow. Think of all the 
insults I would have gotten with this.”
Ryoko smiled but her eyes frowned at seeing Mihoshi was not laughing with 
her.

“What’s the matter?”

Mihoshi shifted nervously. “We made fun because you made fun of us first. 
You were always joking around. Sometimes it wasn’t fun at all.”
Mihoshi said quietly as she nibbled on some sweet bread.

“I’m sorry.” Ryoko reached across the table and lifted Mihoshi’s chin so she 
would be looking at her. “I am sorry Mihoshi. That was just my way of making 
sure you would not make fun of me first. I was foolish. Will you forgive 
me?”

Ryoko held pure sincerity in her eyes and Mihoshi instantly reached over the 
table to hug her friend. Knocking the bread and sake with her body, in the 
process. Both women looked down, Mihoshi with a horrified look and Ryoko 
with a hearty laugh at her lips.

“I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to Ryoko, please don’t be mad.”

“Don’t worry Mihoshi. It’s alright. Now please calm down, don’t cry over 
something so trivial. We’ll just ask the waiter to clean it up and give him 
a larger tip okay?”

Mihoshi nodded with her head and finished giving Ryoko her hug, staining her 
kimono in the process with her already soaked dress.

Ryoko felt the hot liquid stick to her skin and looked down. Mihoshi looked 
down as well, and began apologizing once again.
“Oh! Your kimono! I’m so sorry. I ruined it. The beautiful kimono! Oh!”
Mihoshi reached for some napkins that were already soaked and dabbed at the 
kimono, making the stain spread even more. Ryoko took her hands and gently 
stopped Mihoshi’s babbling.

“Let’s go to the restroom and clean ourselves up. It’s only some sake. Some 
warm water will clean it right up.”
She winked at Mihoshi and she grinned happily.

“Leave the water running for a while, it will become warm in a minute or 
so.” Ryoko explained as she took a handful of napkins and placed them on the 
sink.

As they waited for the warm water, Ryoko cleared her throat.
* It’s now or never. *

“So … tell me about the family. What have they been doing this past year?”

“The family? Oh I wouldn’t know Ryoko. Kiyone and I have been in space for 
most of the year.”

“You must know something. How about- ”

“Tenchi? Why didn’t you just ask?”

Ryoko grinned and shrugged at the same time. She had forgotten that Mihoshi 
was as honest and straight forward as she used to be.

“He was the one who invited us to the museum.”

“They must be looking for you.”

“Me? Naw. He was walking with Kukune and Tak-”

“Who’s Kukune?” Ryoko asked quickly.

“Oh, she is he’s roommate. She is really pretty and really nice. You know 
she made us feel comfortable and everything.”
Mihoshi explained with a nod of her head, as she dipped a wad of napkins 
under the now warm water.
Ryoko frowned and bit her lip.

“And Ayeka? Is she okay with all this?”

“Ayeka?” Mihoshi asked confused. “Umm. She is in Okayama with Sasami… Tenchi 
lives in Tokyo.” Mihoshi explained slowly, as if explaining to a child.

Ryoko narrowed her eyes and huffed.
* Why aren’t they together? What if they didn’t love each other after all? 
And everything I did was for nothing? *

“Ryoko? Are you okay?” Mihoshi asked as she began cleaning her kimono 
delicately.

“Huh? Oh yeah, just fine… Tell me, what happened with Ayeka and Tenchi after 
I left? Did they …” Ryoko didn’t have the nerve to voice out her fears, but 
thankfully Mihoshi understood her unasked question.

“Ayeka hit Tenchi. I don’t know why, but he had a big, ugly bruise on his 
face. And Washu kept saying how you weren’t going to outsmart her or 
something. I really couldn’t understand her, the way she muttered under her 
breath.”

* How dare Ayeka hit Tenchi! I …I wonder why? Lovers don’t just hit each 
other… especially not after that stupid, wonderful kiss. They were 
practically sucking each other’s tonsils out.*
Ryoko chuckled sourly under her breath, making Mihoshi pause in her 
narrative.

“What’ so funny?”

Ryoko looked up, realizing she was almost thinking out loud.

“Nothing. What were you saying about Washu?”

“Nobody has seen her. After you left she made machine after machine, all 
trying to find you, and then one day she just went in her lab and hasn’t 
come out.”

“What do you mean hasn’t come out? Why don’t you go in there and drag her 
out?”

“Her lab isn’t there Ryoko. It’s just the room under the stairs now.”

Mihoshi kept dabbing at Ryoko’s kimono as Ryoko herself just stood there 
digesting all she had learned.
* I can’t believe my leaving affected Washu that much. She didn’t even give 
me the time of day. There must be another reason… she probably got accepted 
back into the Science Academy or something. Yeah… that must be it.*

There was a short beeping sound which brought Ryoko out of her second daze 
of the evening.

“Your kimono’s ringing Ryoko. Should I answer it?” Mihoshi stated matter of 
fact-ly as she threw the damp napkins away.

Ryoko reached into her deep sleeves and within one of her secret pockets, 
she revealed the tiny cellular phone Uncle Basho had given her.
She looked at the tiny screen and read, ‘ Ichima Hoshikuya’.

“Who is it?”

Ryoko looked up and grinned weakly.
“It’s Ichima-san. He must be worried sick. I promised to meet him by the 
Greek hall. If he knew I left the museum he’ll kill me.”

Mihoshi giggled and played around with Ryoko’s phone, pushing the buttons 
and making melodies with the sharp beeping sounds they produced.

“Why are you laughing?”

Mihoshi grinned at Ryoko and returned the phone. “Because you said he could 
kill you.” She giggled harder. “No one can beat you up Ryoko. You’re the 
strongest person I know silly!”

Ryoko grinned and sighed mentally.
* Yeah… in the old days.*

“How about if we start heading back?”

Mihoshi nodded and accompanied her friend as she paid the bill, and as 
promised left a large tip for the happy waiter.
On their way back, Ryoko wanted to word her desire to remain- at least for 
now- a secret.
* Tenchi probably knows by now I am a geisha. But … I can’t face him yet. I 
don’t want to see him. *
Ryoko exhaled deeply and hugged herself tightly.

“Mihoshi listen. I don’t want Tenchi or anybody to find out that we talked 
tonight. Please just don’t tell them.”

“You want me to lie?”

Ryoko nodded and then shook her head. “No. I just want you to not mention it 
at all.”

“I can’t even tell Kiyone?”

Ryoko shook her head and Mihoshi pouted.
“But they have been looking for you. Imagine how happy they will be when I 
tell them I found you!”

Ryoko’s eyes went wide.
“NO! I mean … Tenchi. I … I have a hunch they will all find out I’m in Tokyo 
sooner than I’d like. All I’m asking is that you don’t tell them we talked.”

“It still hurts huh?” Mihoshi asked quietly, taking Ryoko’s hand and patting 
it softly with her palm.

Ryoko’s eyes softened and she nodded once with her head.
The taxi pulled up to the entrance of the museum and Ryoko quickly pulled 
out one of her calling cards. A geisha always carried a handful of calling 
cards for possible clients and the like. Ryoko jotted down her cell phone 
number on the back with the name ‘Catara’.

“If you need anything, anything at all, call me. Maybe I can help. I know a 
couple of the key players of this city. Ask for Catara.”

“You know the geisha Catara? She’s the one that was drawn on all those 
paintings right?”

Ryoko chuckled. “You might say I know her. Now remember, not a word okay? 
This will be a secret between just you and me.”

“Okay.” Mihoshi stuffed the card down her dress front and smiled.

“A secret between you and me. Gotcha!”
She bounced out the taxi and made her way to the museum, skipping all the 
way there. “Say hi to Ryo-ohki for me!” She shouted over her shoulder.
Ryoko nodded and shut the door.

“Driver, to the side entrance please.”

Ryoko clasped her hands together, they wouldn’t stop shaking. Her lip was 
bruised all over, but she kept on biting it, a nervous habit she had 
acquired since her days with Kagato. It was too late to rid herself of it 
now.

*      *        *

“Mihoshi! You ditz! Where on earth have you been?”
Kiyone asked with the vein on her forehead ready to pop.

The smile displayed on Mihoshi’s face banished instantly. Replaced by a pout 
and a stuttering reply.

“Kiyone! I… I’m sorry. I found Ry… I mean I found uh..”
Mihoshi struggled for a suitable explanation to give her partner.

Kiyone exhaled exasperated and dragged her to the street. Waving frantically 
for a taxi.

“Where are we going? I’m sorry! Let’s go back inside. We can’t just leave 
Tenchi and his friends.”
Mihoshi wailed, trying to break loose from Kiyone’s firm grasp.

“They’re not in there. They went to the hospital.”

Mihoshi gasped as Kiyone herded her inside the taxi.
“Yamito hospital and hurry!”

“What’s happened?”

“Kukune had some sort of massive headache or something. They rushed her to 
the hospital and I had to stay here and look for you! Where were you anyway? 
I looked everywhere twice over!”

“I… I was talking to one of those girls with the painted faces.”
Mihoshi sighed inwardly.
* Well it is the truth. Ryoko was dressed like that… So I’m not technically 
lying. *

Mihoshi grinned at her own cleverness.
Kiyone rolled her eyes and concentrated on yelling at the driver to drive 
faster.

* *   *

“Catara! Where are you! You know I’m responsible for you and- ”

Ryoko rolled her eyes and held the cellular phone at arms length, letting 
Ichima vent all his anger.

After she could not hear the sharp buzzing sound that sounded like his voice 
Ryoko tried to explain her situation without giving too much away.

“Calm down Ichima-san. I’m outside.”

“Where?”

“In the side entrance, in a taxi. Listen I have to go to the apartment. Are 
you coming?”

“What! Matobi has been looking for you like an opium addict! If he finds out 
you simple decided to leave he’ll- ”

“How dare you! I can leave whenever I damn well please. I don’t have to 
answer to you or anybody! I never have and I never will!”

“Catara-san I’m sorry.”

There was some static and the next voice Ryoko heard was full of worry.

“Cat? What’s wrong?”
Fei asked in the soothing tone needed to calm Ryoko down.

“Fei.”
Ryoko gripped the phone with both hands. Crumbling down at the hope of 
someone understanding her.

“I … He’s here.”

“Who Cat? Who’s here?”

“HIM! I can’t see him Fei. I won’t.”

Fei frowned at her friend’s whisper of a voice.
“Where are you?”

“In a taxi…. On the side entrance.”

“I’m coming down. Wait right there okay? I’ll be there in a second.”

“No wait. No Fei, you should stay. You were looking forward to this night so 
much. I’ll see you back at the apartment.

“Don’t you dare! If you do so much as move a step, I won’t speak to you for 
a year! Don’t move!”
Fei hanged up and both her and Ichima snuck out of the museum in a flash.

* I’m such a coward! I haven’t changed at all! Look at me. Just with the 
mention of his name and I turn into a shivering mess! What’s wrong with me? 
I’m over him. I’m over him damnit! I won’t rearrange my life for him any 
longer. This night is just as important for me as it is for Matobi. I gave 
him my word that I would be here with him. I …*

Ryoko threw a wad of bills at the driver and slammed the door behind her.
She searched for the bobby pins on her hair, and swiftly dislodged her black 
wig. Holding it under her arm, she walked like a mist over an ocean to the 
door. Keeping her eyes down and her posture straight. With her head held 
like an empress, Fei and Ichima almost passed her over. Almost, as no one 
who was even blind as a bat could mistake her beautiful cyan hair.

Before they could voice their questions, Ryoko smiled demurely and handed 
Ichima the wig.
“Can you store this in the car for me?”

“How do you feel Geisha Catara?”
Ichima asked with the respect a geisha commanded in public.

“I feel better, thank you Ichima-san.” Ryoko bowed and winked.

Fei had been examining her friend closely, and though she still was worried 
at Ryoko’s emotional outburst over the phone, she also recognized the 
determined gleam present in her eyes. Whatever it was that caused Ryoko to 
break down, she was now trying to face and conquer.
* You’re the strongest person I know. *
Fei thought in awe.

“Am I still in time to present the exhibition with Matobi?” Ryoko asked as 
they started to move to the appointed hall.

“Yes, just barely Catara.”

Just outside the hall, both geisha could hear the commotion and see the 
crowd spill out of the hall and into adjoining exhibitions. All trying to 
push their way to get a better view.

Ryoko unconsciously held her breath as her eyes searched the crowd over 
quickly. Trying to recognize the familiar batch of brown hair.
Her hands began to quiver only slightly. This was not lost on Fei.

“Catara. I’m here. Whatever it is, I’m here for you.”
Ryoko turned to look at her friend and clasped her hand tightly. The slight 
quivering instantly disappearing.

Ryoko nodded and both geisha made their way to the front of the hall from 
the sides. Ichima opening up the way for them.

*      *        *

“How is she doing?”
Kiyone asked Tenchi in a whisper.

“I don’t know. According to Takumi, Kukune has a rare case of leukemia. It 
is treatable, but she needs a special sort of liquid feed that stabilizes 
her body so that they can implant the bone marrow.”

“What does that mean?” Mihoshi asked confused.
Tenchi sighed and all three sat down on the chairs in the waiting room. 
Kiyone to his left and Mihoshi to his right.

“All I understand is that her body can’t produce bone marrow, or she doesn’t 
have enough. That is what caused the headache. If she doesn’t get that 
liquid Takumi was talking about, it’s likely her body will start to shut 
down.”

Tenchi bent over on his chair and ran nervous fingers through his hair. 
Snapping the pony tail holder across the room in the process. As a result, 
the tip of his hair touched the floor.

“Where is Takumi?”

Tenchi exhaled loudly and sat up straight.
“He went to talk to the doctor. God, he looks like hell. I can’t even 
imagine what he is going through right now. He loves her so much.”

“It must be awful knowing that there is nothing you can do to help the one 
you love.” Mihoshi said mostly to herself than her companions. Both Tenchi 
and Kiyone looked at her in disbelief and a little amazement.

“They don’t have it! Tenchi what am I going to do?”
Takumi shouted as he stomped into the waiting room. Not sitting down, but 
pacing back and forth through the room. His hands went from his pockets, to 
his face, arms … He couldn’t stay in place for more than a few seconds.

“I have to do something. I can’t just sit here, waiting for the stupid 
doctors to locate some medicine. I knew something was wrong with Kukune. I 
knew it! I just didn’t do anything. It’s my fault. It’s my fault.”

He collapsed on the green floor and just broke down.
The three friends did not have anything to say. In fact anything they did 
say would have been more of an insult than a comfort.
There was nothing they could do to help. No words that would comfort him, at 
least not now.

“How much time does Kukune have before her body starts shutting down?”
Mihoshi asked quietly.

Takumi sniffed loudly and ran an arm over his face before answering.
“She has little over six hours. Once her body starts rejecting the bone 
marrow, there is no turning back.”

He looked at the floor and closed his eyes. Breathing deeply through his 
mouth.

*  *   *

“Ah… My beautiful model has just joined us. Everyone, please meet Geisha 
Catara Sokimobu. The star of this exhibition and my muse.”

Ryoko smiled and bowed her head slightly. Her head held high, and her hands 
hidden within her sleeves. Her eyes, for a change, made direct contact with 
whoever was fortunate to have caught her attention. And she observed with 
glee how they blushed and smiled shyly at her intense gaze.

Matobi very dramatically pulled the curtain down and his paintings were 
finally revealed for all to see and enjoy.

“We are a hit My geisha.” Matobi whispered in her ear as they walked around 
the hall a while later. Matobi introducing her to power lords and the like.

Ryoko didn’t mind his little nickname for her, just as long as he called her 
that when no one else was in earshot. She smiled at him and nodded her head.

“I think Fei is a definite hit.”
Ryoko observed with a smile as Fei talked to three different men at once. 
All fighting quietly for her complete attention.

“You’re the true hit of the evening My geisha.”
Matobi tickled Ryoko’s ear with his lips and she smiled but stepped a little 
back, giving him a smile mixed with a stern look.
Matobi laughed gaily while he sipped his champagne.

“I have to paint the face your making now Catara. Only you can look so 
irresistible.”

“Mmm.” Ryoko narrowed her eyes and turned as she heard someone clear their 
throat, calling for her attention.

“Hello.”
Ryoko said with a smile.

“Hello Geisha. I was fearing you would be spending the entire night by the 
painter’s side.”

Ryoko nodded and revealed her hands as she felt the material of her obi, 
knowing full well the man followed her every movement.

“Are you enjoying the exhibition Sir?”

“Mikoya. Please call me Mikoya. And yes I am. It seems you truly are 
Matobi’s muse. I can tell he took great pains in painting your likeness.
Though nothing is as stunning as the real thing.”

Ryoko cocked her eyebrow and grinned.
“Such words will make a girl’s head spin Mikoya.”

“Is that a promise?”

*    *     *

“It’s a conspiracy! A plot against us!”
On the brink of exasperation, Takumi had been taken to one of the private 
rooms by force and told to calm down or he would have to leave the hospital.
There he let all his anger loose, practically scarring his vocal cords.

Tenchi, Kiyone, and Mihoshi managed to convince, after plenty of pleading, 
to be able to talk to their friend. With the promise of trying their best to 
calm him down.

“Listen Takumi. You have to calm down or you will be kicked out. You won’t 
be able to be there for anything Kukune might need. What am I suppose to 
tell her, when she wakes up and calls for you and your not there?”

Tenchi spoke these words rough and with no brakes. Just the thing Takumi 
needed to control his temper. And the way Tenchi spoke of Kukune’s recovery, 
as it was a sure a thing as the next dawn, made Takumi’s hope rekindle.

He nodded and silently thanked Tenchi.

Kiyone and Mihoshi looked at Tenchi with awe. He was able to take control of 
the situation and not back out in uncertainty as he used to so often in the 
past.

“Tenchi? What’s a conspiracy? What are they plotting against us?”

Tenchi smiled at Mihoshi and shook his head as he walked over to have a few 
private words with Takumi. Mihoshi looked at Kiyone, but all she did was 
shake her head much like Tenchi had done and sit down exhaustedly on the 
bed.

Mihoshi looked at her watch and mouthed the time, “Four more hours. Just 
four more hours to go.”

She looked once more around the private quarters meant to hold paying 
clients, instead of four lost souls.

Her stomach growled and she decided to go out and buy a snack to eat. 
Situations always looked better with a full stomach.

*     *        *


“Have you been in Tokyo long?”
Mikoya asked Ryoko as they walked around the hall.

“I arrived yesterday from Kyoto.”

“Well then, I must show you around this wonderful city. The best of Japan.”

Ryoko smiled and searched the crowd once again. She was having a wonderful 
time, but not for a second did Mihoshi and all she said left her mind. She 
felt Tenchi was hiding behind every corner, ready to come out and shatter 
her life once again.

She looked over at Mikoya and smiled and nodded. She had learned that most 
men talked about similar things. And after so many parties, and after so 
many conversations, she had learned a quick tip. She would listen to the 
beginning of the conversation, judging if the man really called for her 
entire attention. If he didn’t, most men didn’t, she would smile and nod her 
head at odd intervals, and the man left delighted at her ‘interest’ in him.

“Excuse me. Geisha Catara you have a phone call.”
Ichima interrupted.

Ryoko looked at him perplexed. Before entering the exhibition, she had 
handed her phone to Ichima, making sure there were no interruptions as 
Matobi gave his speech.

“Excuse me Mikoya.”

He nodded but glared at Ichima.

“Who is it Ichimi-san?”

“Sorry to have disturbed you, but the young lady said it was urgent.”

“It’s okay Ichima. You saved me from another boring conversation. What young 
lady? What’s her name?”

“Mihoshi. She said her name was Mihoshi.”

Ryoko remained perfectly still, but her eyes darted everywhere. Making sure 
that Tenchi was not stalking her.
* I hope she didn’t tell them. Why else would she be calling though? *

Ryoko stepped to the next hall, making sure it was relatively empty and took 
the phone from Ichima.

“Hello?”

“Ryoko? Is that you?”

“Yes. What’s the matter? Why are you calling?”

“Oh Ryoko. I just had to talk to somebody. Tenchi and Kiyone won’t listen to 
me. I even called Ayeka and Sasami, but all they did was say they were 
coming down and hanged up the phone. No one will listen to me.”

Ryoko breathed deeply, and tried to understand what Mihoshi was complaining 
about.

“Mihoshi slow down, I want to help you, but I don’t know what you are 
talking about.”

“It’s Kukune. She’s dying and there’s no liquid.”

“Kukune? Liquid?”

“Yes. Kukune has leukemia and she needs a liquid and they don’t have it. 
Takumi says since she is a student and the liquid costs so much, they are 
deliberately not giving it to her, but I just think that’s awful. I can’t 
believe someone would unconsciously let someone else die when they can help. 
And she only has four more hours to go before her body shuts down!”

“So that means that Tenchi didn’t get to see the exhibition.”

“No. They all rushed out to the hospital before they could.”

Despite the bad news Mihoshi said of Tenchi’s friend, Ryoko exhaled in 
relief at the news he in fact was not hiding in the endless shadows of the 
museum.

“What liquid does she need? Where are you?”
Ryoko asked.

“Uh… I need to ask Kiyone. Hold on.”

Mihoshi had been speaking to Ryoko through a public phone, and just let the 
phone dangle of the hook as she ran to ask Kiyone.

“Mihoshi wait!”
Ryoko growled frustrated at Mihoshi. She didn’t know who this girl was, but 
if she was Tenchi’s friend she must be something special indeed.


“Oh I hate these patients. Using the public phones and not even hanging up!” 
A tired nurse complained as he hanged up the phone and walked of to take her 
break.

“Hello? Hello! Mihoshi!”

Ryoko looked at the caller id, but all it said was public access. She had no 
idea where Mihoshi had called, or anything.

“What’s wrong Geisha Catara?”

“Oh Ichima. Someone is going to die unless we do something. But what? What 
can I do?”

*    *       *

“Kiyone! Kiyone!”

Mihoshi barged into the room only to find Kiyone pacing back and forth 
across the room.

“Mihoshi what is it?”

“What hospital is this? What liquid does Kukune need?”

Kiyone frowned. “Why? Who wants to know?”

“Kiyone don’t you trust me? I’m trying to help! Quick tell me before the 
money runs out on the phone call.”

Kiyone’s eyes went wide. “What! Who did you tell Mihoshi?”

Kiyone ran to the public phones, with Mihoshi in tow.
“Oh no! Who hung up my phone?”
Mihoshi shouted as she went to the phone. She searched the front of her 
dress for the little calling card Ryoko had given her, but it was nowhere to 
be found.

“Hey girls, what are you doing?”


“Tenchi someone hung up the phone and I can’t find the number!”
Mihoshi wailed.

“What?”

“Mihoshi called someone and told them about Kukune.”

“No Kiyone! You don’t listen to me. I called Sasami and Ayeka and their on 
their way. Then - ”

“Their coming?” Tenchi asked amazed.

“Yeah.”

“I’m sorry Mihoshi. I didn’t know you had been calling them. That was a 
great idea.”

Mihoshi looked from Tenchi to Kiyone.
“No. I’m not finished. I called ..”
* I can’t tell them I called Ryoko. I can tell them I called Catara. I did 
ask for her when I called. It wouldn’t be lying. *

“Who?” Tenchi asked.

“I called Catara.”

“Who?” Tenchi asked again.

“You mean geisha Catara? What are you talking about?” Kiyone asked 
unbelievably.

“I … I met her tonight at the museum. And she said if I ever needed anything 
that I could call her.”

“Mihoshi.” Kiyone interrupted. “Do you know how hard it is to meet someone 
like that? Much less get their number? I think someone just made up some 
story to impress you.”

“Why don’t you believe me? I’m telling the truth. I’m not as stupid as you 
think. I know when people are lying to me.”

“Where is the phone number?”
Tenchi asked.

“I had it right here, but now it’s lost.”

He nodded and sat down in one of the chairs nearby with a sigh. Kiyone 
mimicked him, and Mihoshi fumed.
* They never believe me! Never! Well I’ll just show them … no I can’t. I 
promised Ryoko. She trusts me. I won’t let her down. *

“I don’t know where Mihoshi gets all these ideas from. Imagine meeting that 
geisha Catara.” Kiyone shook her head.

“Who met the Golden Geisha?” An elderly man who was sitting next to Kiyone 
asked.

“Nobody sir. I was just talking.”

“Ah you got my hopes up. I would love to meet such an angel. Look isn’t she 
beautiful?”

The man took out a rolled up magazine and flipped through it until he found 
what he was looking for.

“Look and tell me she is not beautiful.”
He dared Kiyone.

She humored the man and took the magazine with little tolerance.

“Look, look.” He urged.

She nodded and glanced down at the picture of a geisha looking at something 
off the canvas. Her gaze was lost, but the onlooker had the desire that it 
was them she was looking at so intently. Her hair was powder blue. Long as a 
cascade and straight. Making her face stand out all the more, as it framed 
it perfectly. The blue in her hair contrasted with the amber of her eyes, 
making the seem like tiny suns. Those big, cat like eyes.

“Tenchi.” Kiyone asked in whisper. She poked his shoulder with her finger.

“Tenchi. Look.”

“Huh?”
Tenchi exhausted, had been dozing of in the chair when Kiyone had rudely 
woken him up. He had gone with Takumi to visit Kukune, and had left him 
alone with her, knowing full well those might be the last moments they had 
together.

She shoved the magazine in his face and simply waited for his reaction.


*     *      *     *     *


* That girl has blue hair. *

The kimono was a light green color. The edges of the sleeves and obi were of 
a golden color.
* He probably used gold leaf to get that effect. *

If you looked closely at the obi, it had a tiny pattern of flying fish. It 
looked as if they were smiling. Following the pattern of the obi and the 
dress, the eye next fell on to the breathtaking scenery. A bamboo tree 
balanced the background with it’s reddish tints.
* It must have been fall, judging by the orange color of the leaves.*

The sun was seen on the horizon, half greeting or half saying goodbye. 
Depending on what the person felt when looking at it. Either at dawn or at 
dusk.
* At dusk.* Tenchi thought.

The person herself was painted re-arranging her hair. Her arms lifted, and 
hands delicately caressing her hair. Her right hand brushing a loose strand 
behind her ear. Her skin as white as ivory, and lips as full and cheeks as 
flushed as if someone has just told her a naughty joke. Her eyes seemed to 
radiate a feeling of sensual-ness mixed I with a touch of mischief and a 
pinch of cunning.

Tenchi found himself blushing at the thoughts her eyes produced in his mind.
All this time he had been focusing on specific parts of the painting, not 
the entire picture. Kiyone at a total loss of words waited for Tenchi to 
come to his senses and recognize the person in the painting. She watched his 
eyes dart from place to place and a sudden blush appear on his cheeks.

* I know those lips. I know that skin. Those hands, nose, chin … eyes. I 
know those eyes. *

Mihoshi looked at Tenchi dozing of and at Kiyone talking to some man instead 
of her.
* They never take me seriously. Not once. They just humored me and went to 
sit down.*
Mihoshi walked to the phones. Looking for Ryoko’s calling card.

* Where did I put it? I … I left the private room and went for a snack. The 
machine was out of order so I went looking for the cafeteria. I passed the 
phones, and decided to call Ayeka and Sasami. *

        “Hello?”

        “Sasami! Hey it’s me.”

        “Hi Mihoshi! How’s the museum thing going? Are you guys having
         fun?”

        “Sasami I need to talk to Washu.”

        “Washu? We haven’t been able to open her lab in months. Why?
          What’s the matter Mihoshi?

        “Tenchi’s friend Kukune is dying and I think Washu might be able to
          help her.”

        “Hello? Mihoshi?” Ayeka had picked up the living room phone.

        “Princess Ayeka! You guys should have some sort of potion or
          something for leukemia right? Jurai should have something right?”


         “Leukemia? What are you talking about Mihoshi? Who has
           leukemia?”

         “Remember Takumi’s girlfriend Kukune? She has leukemia and she’ s
          sick.”

         “Oh my! Where are you Mihoshi? How is Tenchi doing?”

         “Tenchi is calming Takumi down, but Kukune needs some sort of
           liquid to stabilize something and they don’t have it here. Do you 
have
           anything on Jurai?”

         “No, I think we take care all those diseases while we are 
incubated.
          But… Can’t they get that liquid?” Ayeka asked alarmed.

         “I don’t know. I didn’t really understand what Tenchi said.”

         “We should go sister.” Sasami stated.

There was silence on the other end of the line. Mihoshi stood waiting for 
Ayeka’s answer. Knowing that she had been hiding in Okayama for long time 
now. And if she decided to come, she might become her old self again.

        “Did Tenchi ask for us?”

        “Sister! I don’t think he would with the way you have been avoiding
          him. He probably thinks you’ll blow him of again. We should go, 
give
          our support to Takumi. He took good care of us, when we use to go
          visit Tenchi. So did Kukune.”

Ayeka sighed and hung up the phone. There was some noise form Sasami’s end 
and then Sasami said, “Mihoshi? We are coming down. We’ll take Washu’s 
portal. I … we’ll pin point the location with the phone call. Ayeka do you 
remember how to do that?”

There was more noise on Sasami’s end and Mihoshi shifted her weight to her 
right leg. Waiting for them to finish doing whatever they were doing.
          “Sasami? Are you still there?”

          “Huh? Yeah Mihoshi. Listen, Ayeka just figured out how to work 
this
            thing. If we’re not there in an hour call us back. Bye!”

          “Bye Sasami, be careful!”

Mihoshi nodded to herself. Then I decided to call Ryoko. I took her card out 
and dialed the number. Asked for Catara and then I talked to her. Went to 
Kiyone for the hospital name and that liquid thing, and then the phone was 
back on the hook. Ah! Where did I put that blasted … Oh! There is it! Yes! 
Now I can show Tenchi and Kiyone I was telling the truth!*

After picking the card of the floor she turned to look at Tenchi and her 
partner. Both were looking intently at some magazine. Mihoshi frowned.
* Why even bother. They won’t even pay attention. *

Her stomach growled again.
*  I should go eat something. But I’ll call Ryoko first. Maybe she can help 
Kukune. But I’ll call her from the cafeteria. I’ll break this bill to get 
some change. *



*       *       *



“Ichima tell me. Do you know any doctors here tonight?”

“Doctors? I … Doctor Hiro Mujishbo was walking around here I think. Why?”

Ryoko nodded at the person Ichima pointed to discreetly.
“I need to ask for a favor. Is he a well known doctor?”

“One of the best. I think he owns shares in at least ten hospitals all over 
Japan.”

The man Ichima had pointed to was tall and extremely thin. With high, 
angular cheekbones and barely any lips. He was wearing a western style navy 
coat, curiously mixed with yukata slippers. His gray hair, or what was left 
of his hair, was tied back in a ponytail which reached way past down the 
middle of his back. Ryoko observed he didn’t easily mix with the crowd. He 
instead stood in the corner. Observing some men to his left while sipping 
champagne.

* He won’t take any flirting from my part. * Ryoko thought over quickly.
* I’ll … I’ll wing it. *

With that, she handed the phone to Ichima with the order to keep it close, 
just incase Mihoshi called again. Before she was even half way across the 
room, he seemed to have felt her stare and was observing her. She froze on 
the inside, but kept on walking.
In her experience, whenever you asked for a favor, especially to someone you 
didn’t know, they would ask for something in return. What worried Ryoko was 
what this man would ask her.

“Whath do you wanth geisha?”
He had a heavy lisp in his voice.

“I need a favor.”
Ryoko looked him straight in the eyes, not even blinking. Despite her 
appearance, she knew very well how to negotiate, and he recognized a 
business man when he saw one. Or in this case business woman.

“Whath can I do for you Cath’ ara.”

“You know my name.”
Ryoko asked with no indication of a question in her voice.

“I am surrounded by painth’ ings of you.”

Ryoko smiled at the absurdity of her question and he smiled back.

“I have a friend who is in dire need of some medicine. I know that you hold 
some strings in that department, and I am asking for your help.”

He sipped some champagne as Ryoko talked. Looking at her over the rim of the 
glass.

“Whath ails her?”

“She has leukemia.”

“And whath does she need?”

Ryoko paused just a second. “That’s where it gets complicated. I don’t know 
exactly what she needs. Nor where she is staying.” Ryoko paused and judged 
his reaction. He held no expression. “And I don’t know her last name.”

“Well. Whath kind of friend is this?” he grinned.

“The kind that needs my help.”

He looked at his empty glass for a few moments. One hand in his pocket.

“Do you know her name?”

“Yes. Her name is Kukune.”

He scratched his chin with his index finger, while handing his empty glass 
to a waiter nearby.
“Do you know how many Kukune’s are hoth’pith’alized in Japan?”

Ryoko grinned. “Well, I just made it that mush easier. She is in a hospital 
somewhere in Tokyo.”

He nodded his head and grinned back. “I see… I will need th’o make some 
phone calls. But all this doesn’th come for free. Medical expenses musth be 
the mosth expensive thing out there. Noth th’o mention I sthill don’th know 
who exacthly I am suppose th’o help.”

“Help them all.”

He cleared his throat, caught completely by surprise. “Excuse me?”

“Help them all. All the Kukune’s of the city. If I’m going to do a good 
deed, I might as well do it right.”
Ryoko smiled at his surprised expression.

“This will not’h be easy.”
He stated simply.

“What do you have in mind?”
Ryoko asked just as simply.

“Leth’s just call this a favor done. My only requesth ask you to remember 
me.”

Ryoko cocked her eyebrow and smiled.
“There’s a catch though. She needs this medicine within the next two hours.”

“I figured as much. Leukemia is an serious disease. I will do all I can.”

“It was a pleasure th’o meet you Catara.”

Ryoko bowed and shook his hand firmly. “You have my most sincere thanks Hiro 
Mujishbo.”

As the handshake ended Hiro found a calling card within his palm. He looked 
up quick enough to catch Ryoko wink and walk away.
As she walked across the room, she caught Fei’s eye and signaled with her 
eyes for Fei to follow her out the hall.

Ichima was also waiting outside. He had witnessed Ryoko’s interaction with 
the doctor and was very impressed. The Doctor was a very strict man, and 
almost impossible to approach him without being insulted or humiliated. 
Ryoko had managed not only to talk to him, but ask him for help in only  a 
few minutes. Ichima was very impressed indeed.

“I don’t feel good. Would you mind if we go home, or do you want to stay a 
little longer?”
Ryoko asked Fei.

“No it’s fine. And besides, Serla advised us to keep them wanting, instead 
of tiring them out right? Let’s go then.” Fei said with a smile. “Ah, my 
feet are killing me.”

“Okay ladies lets go. Do you want to warn Matobi you’re going?”
Ichima asked.

Ryoko shook her head. “No. If I do, he’ll never let me leave. I’ll call him 
tomorrow. Do you have the phone with you Ichima?”

“Yes right here. No one has called Geisha Catara.”
He handed the phone to Ryoko and asked the valet for the car.

“Who are you waiting to call you?” Fei asked with a tiny yawn.

“It’s a long story. I’ll tell you all about it when we get to the 
apartment.”

As they walked through the endless halls towards the side entrance, Ryoko 
glanced at the clock on the wall.
* Mihoshi said she had about four hours. It has been an almost two since. I 
hope that doctor gets help in time. I told him two… just in case. *

*       *        *


“Ryoko…   It’s Ryoko.”

He turned to face Kiyone. He held no expression on his face. He felt numb 
all over.

Kiyone smile lopsidedly, not knowing what to say. “Yeah. It’s her.”

Tenchi swallowed nosily. “Mihoshi spoke with Ryoko.”

Both turned at the exact same moment to the spot Mihoshi was standing just a 
few moments earlier.

“Where’s Mihoshi?”
Tenchi asked as he stood up, clutching the magazine with a fisted hand.

Kiyone and the elderly man followed him example, sensing his urgency.

“Excuse me young man? Can I have my magazine back?”
Tenchi turned around, hair flying and for a moment glaring at the poor man. 
Until he recognized why it was he had interrupted him.
“I’m sorry.” He glanced down at his tight fist, and the crumpled magazine it 
contained.

“I ruined your magazine.”

“It’s alright young man.” The elderly man started to back away, a little 
afraid at the fire burning in Tenchi’s eyes. Kiyone also saw this and 
frowned.

“Where did Mihoshi go?” Tenchi asked as he started to walk around the 
hospital floor.

“I don’t know. But she was complaining of being hungry. Maybe she went to 
the cafeteria.”

Tenchi nodded and began to walk faster. Kiyone almost had to jog t keep up.

“I can’t believe she talked to Ryoko and didn’t tell me.” Tenchi said 
through clenched teeth.

Kiyone only looked at him through the corner of her eye. She had never seen 
him so mad before. She knew he was mad at Ryoko, but she feared Mihoshi 
would get a good dose of it, if he found her in this state. She had to calm 
him down a little. She had glanced at the hospital map, trying to find the 
floor where Tenchi and Takumi had taken Kukune and remembered that the 
cafeteria was on the third floor. They were on the seventh.

“I think the cafeteria is on the ninth floor Tenchi.”

He nodded and slammed his fist on the nine button on the elevator. Kiyone 
jumped from the noise.





