Tenchi Muyo Fanfiction:
          These characters don’t belong to me, blah, blah, blah…   This is 
my first story and there is a continuation, but would like to know what you 
think.
Comments?  magdalena_gv@hotmail.com
           This story takes place after Tenchi Forever, and takes into 
account all the Tenchi series and movie, but deftly ignores the existence of 
Mayuka.

        Malena  ( magdalena_gv@hotmail.com )
          Regular
   The Sea of Change  chapter 1: The Sea of Change
Set after Tenchi Forever, Ryoko is tired of the current love triangle, and 
begins painful steps to mature. An introspective look.


                                            “ The Sea Of Change ”


               This is not enough anymore. How can I be satisfied with only 
a smile here and there, when I know he can give so much more?

   It has been seven months since Tenchi came back from Haruna’s world. Ever 
since then, I can’t shake of the memories of seeing him and Haruna holding 
hands, talking softly to one another, Tenchi being so … so GENTLE with her. 
He’s never been gentle with me…no one has.


Ryoko opens another bottle of sake and takes a huge swig before wiping her 
alcohol soaked mouth with her sleeve.
     I guess I can’t blame him. I can’t blame anyone, but myself. Ha! Look 
at me, hiding away on the roof, drowning away my sorrows. Kagato would beat 
me senseless for just thinking about him, about anything.
                     About Tenchi… love… belonging… family… Washu.

Washu. The only family I really have, and the only one who cares the least. 
The story of my life. If you can call my experiences life, more like a 
nightmare. I can still hear the screams, the paralyzing look of fear and 
loss of hope in their faces. The look of contempt in Kagato’s face, his 
features slowly changing from disgust to perverted pleasure as I mentally 
relay my latest agony to him.

    “Well, well, aren’t you going offer some sake, or do I have to go buy 
some more pirate?”

Ayeka finishes climbing the latter on the side of the roof and settles 
comfortably next to Ryoko. She holds out her hand waiting a little anxiously 
for Ryoko to offer some sake.
      Ryoko takes a noisy sip before passing it to her.
                  “Since when do you ever ask princess?”

  “Someone’s in a bad mood today.” Ayeka looks around the roof and quietly 
counts six empty bottles, Maybe even seven if the broken glass next to the 
edge of the roof was done recently.
     “So what brings you to my humble abode?”
The roof was unofficially known to the family as Ryoko’s, much like the 
cherry blossom trees and the rafters above the living room. All places where 
she can be herself, and the only places where people can’t get to easily.

      “I don’t know, felt like a drink. And when I went to the cupboard they 
  were all gone, I naturally knew who took them”

Ayeka said this last part with a teasing tone, but her face was lightly 
burrowed, showing the concern she felt for her friend. Her very ebriated 
friend who was currently lightly rocking back and forth.
     “Every night this week you have spent it up here. You know you missed 
the wedding in “Love and Sorrow”? It was so delicious, he takes her into his 
arms, looks her in the face and gives her the most pass”

     “Give me a break princess! That doesn’t happen in real life. Love is 
only an illusion.” Ryoko says the last part bitterly and attempts to swipe 
the bottle from Ayeka, but she moves it past her reach.
                           “Hey! What gives? Give it back!”
“No. You don’t really believe that Ryoko. I can see it in your eyes.”
     Ryoko simply huffs and makes a try to stand up, but quickly sits back 
down grabbing onto the roof with both hands. Her rocking motion has 
increased momentum, and she closes her eyes.
       “Tell me what’s wrong Ryoko. You haven’t gotten this drunk since 
before Tenchi disappeared.”

Since Tenchi disappeared. I wish I could go back, make myself forget that 
Haruna ever existed, maybe then I could convince myself that I am happy. 
That I can really win Tenchi’s heart from Ayeka, from any other woman for 
that matter. But, he wants a normal girl; he wants a Sakuya, a Haruna, maybe 
even an Ayeka. After all, she is the most normal between us.
     “Ayeka, do you think I’m normal?”
Ayeka laughed and was about to answer with a quick retort, but noticed 
Ryoko’s serious and extremely vulnerable expression. She quietly looked at 
Ryoko. Ryoko was depressed. Seriously depressed, and now that she thought 
about it, Ryoko had been for the past several weeks. Ryoko hadn’t showed up 
for any of their favorite soaps, and she had more steadily missed eating 
with the rest of the family. Well, not that she really needs to eat, but the 
way she packs on the grub one would think she absolutely adored food.
     Ayeka lays a hand on Ryoko’s shoulder and feels her stiffen under her 
fingers.
     “Ryoko you’re the most un-normal person I know, but who wants you to be 
normal?”
      Ryoko mumbles more to herself than at Ayeka, “Tenchi does.”
“What?”
Ryoko shrugs off Ayeka’s hand and tries to stand up once again, this time 
with slight success. She throws an empty bottle lying near her feet into the 
air and shoots a small red flare to destroy it. Ayeka shields her face from 
the exploding debris with her arms. There’s a hiss, and she instantly 
realizes its Ryoko’s teleportation. When she looks to her left she isn’t a 
bit surprised to find her friend long gone. In fact, if it wasn’t for all 
the empty bottles, it would be hard to believe  Ryoko was ever there.
     The moon peaks out from under the clouds and Ayeka notices something 
reflecting the moon’s light. A closer look and Ayeka realizes it’s yet 
another sake bottle, but this one is full and judging by the look of the 
label, the good stuff. Ayeka smiles to herself and silently acknowledges 
Ryoko’s gift. Ryoko never forgets where and how many bottles she has, and 
she left this one for her. The fact that it wasn’t cheap made it a more 
touching gift. She puts it under her arm and starts to carefully climb down 
the latter, making her way to the onsen.

              “Ugh! I need another drink.” Ryoko is clumsily floating down 
the path to the lake when she hears a shuffling sound coming from the 
vegetable storage bin.
  “Tsk, tsk, Ryookhi.” She smiles inspite of her current mood, and fazes 
through the wall to participate in her ship’s current looting.

  “Meow!! Meow meow meow…!!!”

     To anyone else, they would have no clue what the cabbit just said, or 
that a cabbit even existed. Ryookki looking like a mix between a cat and a 
rabbit was devouring the last of the carrot stash Sasami had hid from her 
view. To Ryoko who had known Ryookki since she was born and vice versa they 
understood each other perfectly through their mental link arranged by their 
“mom” Washu, the greatest scientific scientist in the universe.

{ Hello Ryoko!!! You won’t tell Sasami about this will you? }

-	What do you take me for Ryookki?  Eat all the carrots you want, infact I 
think I saw Sasami hide some more behind the wicker basket!-
“Meow, Meow!!!”

As she saw a happy Ryooki head to the wicker basket, Ryoko’s smile grew. 
Ryooki always knew how to cheer her up, even in the most dire of times 
aboard the Soja and Kagato’s control. Ryooki was the only other being who 
knew exactly what she went through. She had gone through similar experiences 
herself, but Ryoko always took pains to shield her from as much of Kagato as 
she could.

“Meow, meow”

-	I’m fine Ryooki, just a little tired of …   life    –

“Meow meow?”

-     I don’t know what I mean either, but I can’t take much more of 
whatever
       it is.  –

        How can I lie to Ryooki? But if I tell her what I’m really thinking, 
she won’t understand. Why would she, ever since I met Tenchi I virtually 
ignored her. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if she left with Sasami when 
it’s her time for her lessons on Jurai. Perhaps Ayeka will go with her, and 
there goes my friend. And with all this royalty around, so will Tenchi. He 
has a right to reclaim the throne that rightfully belongs to him. He would 
look so handsome in those robes… Especially now that he is growing out his 
hair, and his body is maturing. He is even taller than me now! And I don’t 
know how the hell this is possible but he has become even sexier. All that 
time in Haruna’s world made him more confident and sure of himself. Every 
time he turns my way, my insides melt, my knees turn to butter and I loose 
my breath. I wonder if he has ever felt this way towards a woman. Perhaps 
Sakuya. She was pretty in her own human girl sort of way, I guess.

   I noticed how much he changed from the minute Ayeka and I saw him and 
Haruna walking on the street. The way they held each other, the way he 
looked into her eyes. So, so gentle. He now carries his knew found sexuality 
in everything he does. The way he walks, still casual and relaxed but with a 
self-assurance of his own worth. He doesn’t blush so much at my advances 
anymore. And when I sit next to him while he draws, his hand movement is so 
graceful I imagine his hands are moving against my body instead of the 
sketchbook. That’s when my mind starts deluding itself with images of he 
loving me.

      But that will never…
“What was that?’
-	Did you hear that Ryooki?-

“Meow, meow…”  Ryooki replied licking her lips while finishing the last 
carrot.
    Ryoko fazes through the wall, with Ryooki jumping on her shoulder. She 
tries to pin point the place where the sound came from, but the sake had 
done its job well. After a few minutes Ryoko gets bored and both start 
heading out to the cherry blossom trees, when they here voices coming from 
the onsen.

       “Lor’ Tenshiii  I’m quite alreght. Hooow, I mean, how many times have 
I tol’ you a  princessss doesn’t  not get druunnk?”

With that Ayeka successfully does a one eighty and hits the dirt. Tenchi 
quickly helps her up and swings her arm over his shoulder to help steady her 
while they head to the house.
      “How much did you drink anyway?”, Tenchi asks while turning quickly 
away when he smells her heavy breath.

       “Oh! Is all thats peeesky pirates fault. If only she woulda shared 
the bottle wit me. I wouldn’t have gotten zzoo carried away.”
       “The mooon is beau-ti-fulll to-night isn’t it Lorl’ Tenshi?”

“I suppose. You talked to Ryoko? I haven’t seen her since yesterday 
afternoon, and she seemed to be avoiding me. Has she said anything?”

“Huh? Umm nooo. I don’t know whatzz wrong wid heer.”

Tenchi carefully maneuvers Ayeka around the path and decides to take a short 
cut through the garden to get to the house quicker. He had a sneaky 
suspicion she would want to hurl at any moment.

“Tenshiii? Tenshi?” Ayeka stumbles and almost takes Tenchi with her. She  
grabs hold of his shirt, facing him face to face.

Sighing, Tenchi stops and begins, “Ayeka tomorrow, you should go to bed…”

“Wait! I need to tell ya thiz while I still have the nerve. I, I …you know 
how much I love you right?”

All signs of drunkeness suddenly left Ayeka and she forced herself to 
continue. Tenchi seeing her sudden change looked away, but Ayeka held his 
face with her hand, forcing him to face her, to face the decision they both 
knew had taken place a long time ago.

“Ayeka, I know you do but-
        With the rest of the her fleeting courage, she kissed him. But not a 
sloppy, drunken kiss, but a kiss that was meant to transfer the soul of one 
to the body of the other. She grabbed his face with the other hand and 
pulled him closer. Pushing her body next to his. The heat radiating from his 
body intoxicated her more that any bottle of sake could ever do. No matter 
how expensive. When he started to kiss back her, heart soared.

Ryoko heard the voices stop and tired of her conscious effort to float 
straight decided to walk.

   “Meeoow”      {I don’t know why Ayeka won’t take my advice and turn the 
graden into another carrot field. Are you sure you told her Ryoko?}

-	Yeah I told her, but it seems your obsession for carrots doesn’t occur to 
the rest of the family-
Ryoko winked at the cabbit and headed to the house.

The moon once again being hidden from the clouds peeked into the sky and 
completed illuminated it, making the stars look exquisite. Ryoko stopped and 
stared. The stars are so beautiful.
-	Look Ryooki! Look at the stars! I can spend decades just gazing at them.-

“Meow”

-Party pooper. I can’t believe you want to go inside.-

“Meow, Meow”

-It is not THAT cold. –

“Meow!  Meow!”

-	Alright! Lets go then. But don’t count on me for your next midnight carrot 
snack. –

Ryoko warned her cabbit as she lifted a branch that was in her way.

The image that met her next was to say it in a nutshell, soul shattering. 
There was Ayeka, her friend!, and Tenchi, the Tenchi that had saved her from 
Kagato, from the cave, even from herself. There they were kissing, in the 
middle of the garden. The moon illuminating their bodies, making them seem 
like one person, the perfect union.

Ryoko’s heart shattered. She couldn’t breath, she couldn’t think. Her chest 
hurt so much she felt she would pass out. So high was the pain. She was 
oblivious to the waterfall of tears that stained her eyes, face, kimono. 
Oblivious to the fact of Ryooki trying to communicate through their link. 
Oblivious to the fact that as her hands were balled into tight fists, her 
nails  drawing blood.

When she came to, she simply fazed away, and the very next moment in 
complete rapture Tenchi moaned her name.

Ryoko.



Ayeka opened her eyes. Her mouth hung wide open. Her eyes as round as 
saucers.  She still held unto his face, only her hands were shaking, her 
nostrils flaring. Tenchi had called Ryoko’s name while kissing her, Ayeka! 
The first princess to the most powerful empire of the known universe! Her 
conscious tried to say how she had brought it on to herself, but Ayeka was 
in no mood for sermons. She had to get out of there. She wouldn’t let Tenchi 
see her cry. She knew he loved Ryoko, but she couldn’t resist kissing him, 
at least once. To savor his lips on hers, and to engrave completely the 
memory of how he tasted for her to turn over in her fantasies. Now 
everything was ruined. All she could do was…

Bam!

Tenchi received the biggest slap of his life. His head swung completely to 
his left and she heard bones in his neck crack. She was sorry for having hit 
him and she would apologize later, but now she ran. Ran like her life 
depended on it, in fact it did. Her soul was barred and bleeding. She ran 
all the way to Funaho, before collapsing into a crying jag that continued 
till morning.

The wind cut through her kimono, completely ruining it for any further use. 
Her eyes were bone dry, having not blinked once, the cool night air hitting 
her more that 100 miles per hour having easily rid her of the burden of 
drying her face. Her hands still balled into fists kept bleeding, Ryoko 
still hadn’t noticed. She hadn’t noticed anything but the instinct to flee. 
If Kagato had taught her anything, it was to flee like the devil was after 
you. She had tried it on him a couple of times, but the pupil never could 
surpass the teacher.

“Meow, meow.”

“Ryooki?”

Ryoko stopped dead in mid air, almost making Ryooki shoot out if it hadn’t 
been for her death hold on Ryoko’s shoulder.

“Meow.”

“I’m leaving. No more you hear me? I’m NOT a monster, I might not deserve 
for somebody to LOVE me, but I sure as hell won’t stay to have them rub it 
in my face!”

{Ryoko they would never do that, they love you}

“Don’t be so naïve Ryooki, and if what you said is true, it doesn’t matter, 
I have to leave. I have to-

{ Where will we go? We have a family and they do love you. They do.}

Ryoko stared at Ryooki for a long time. The wind still nipped at her. Her 
hair swirled with the wind. Her crying had made her cheeks have a rosy glow, 
and her torn clothes in turn revealed intimate parts of her body when moved 
by the wind.
She teleported them to the ground and took a deep breath. Ryooki changed 
into her toddler form to better comfort her mistress.

“Ryooki, you… you are my best friend, my only family, my true family. You 
have witnessed me, my life, have been with me in the worse of times, and the 
ok times.”

Ryooki gently placed her tiny hand onto Ryoko’s once again tear-stained 
face.  She patted her cheeks and smiled.
Ryoko smiled back. She could always get a smile out of her.

“I know that we have grown apart. It’s my fault, my useless obsession with 
him (this last part she forced herself to say without succumbing to her 
renewed feeling to flee)  but, well I would like for you to come with me. I 
… it’s okay if you want to stay with Sasami. She … she is good to you. She 
is a good kid, but I don’t belong there, I never did. But you do. It’s up to 
you, no obligations, no pressure, you are more than a ship to me. I won’t 
force you to do anything you don’t want to do.”

Ryoko had said this so quickly that she had to stop to catch her breath.

The moment that passed was so infinitesimal that only Ryoko noticed, but 
Ryooki quickly gave her a hug and kissed her cheek meowing words of love and 
support.

{You know that Washu will find us}

Ryoko gasped, but just as quickly nodded her head.

“She won’t. The only way she has to track me is with the gems. And with them 
she tracks you too. Since she thinks I will never part with them, she has 
not taken any pains to create another device to track us.  So I will …

“Meow?” Ryooki asked in disbelief?

“Yes Ryooki, if it means a brand new start to find out who I really am, I 
will…give up my gem.”

As she was saying this, with Ryooki on her lap and she sitting on the ground 
Indian style, she looked at her wrist. Her gem. The only source of 
protection she had. The only time she could remember being without it, was 
through her confinement in the cave. But Tenchi had been there to save her. 
He would not be there again. Yet she owed him a lot. He was the first person 
to see her as a person, the first person to smile at her without cowering in 
fear. She owed him a lot. She now honestly wished him to be happy, and if he 
didn’t chose her, then, well she was happy it had been Ayeka. Ayeka was her 
first friend, female friend which was the real miracle. They were born for 
each other. The first crown prince and princess of Jurai. What could be more 
right?

She held her gem through her dried, bloody hand and smiled. A sad, knowing 
smile. She would miss all the comforts her powers gave her, but most of all 
she would miss the flying. She felt so free in the sky.

“Well Ryooki, lets not make this harder than it is huh?”

{I love you Ryoko}

“Do you realize that without the gems we won’t be able to communicate 
mentally with each other? I will have to teach you how to speak.”

“Meow!?” Ryooki exclaimed in disbelief.

- Ryooki? I love you too –

And with that she threw the gem into the air and it vanished taking its 
place next to her other ones on Tenchiken.

“Today is the first day of the rest of out lives Ryooki. Where do you want 
to go? The world is out playground.”





Please comment , Did you like?

Magdalena_gv@hotmail.com
Copyright 2001