Tenchi and all its characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  I do not own any copyrights 
to them.  I wrote this fan fiction because I love Tenchi.  I think Tenchi is one of the best 
series ever made.  This is a work of love and I will appreciate any info, C&C, spams, 
anything.  If the powers-that-be want to use my story, they are more than welcomed to it.  
Just give me credit.

The Unofficial AniManga Mayhem Online
Http://home.sprintmail.com/~renechavez/

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CloudQuest Productions
Proudly Presents

Tenchi Muyo!
A Call to Love, Sadness, and Life

A Fan Fiction
By
Rene Chavez
(bskcase@mindless.com)






Chapter 1
A Call to a Beginning


The sun rose in Tenchi's room.  The fresh air flowed in from his window as he 
slept on.  Tenchi felt the sun's beam into his face and turned away.  He was beginning to 
wake up but wanted to savor a few more moments of his restful sleep.  Slowly, his senses 
began to awaken.  He began to notice the birds singing from a nearby tree.  He could hear 
the lake next to his home rustling in the wind.  For a moment, he resisted opening his 
eyes.  He took in all the peaceful surroundings, breathed, and let the bliss overwhelm 
him.

Tenchi finally opened his eyes.  The sun illuminated his room.  He pushed the 
covers away and sat up.  Tenchi looked at his alarm clock; it was still early in the 
morning.  Nobody was going to up for at least a half-hour.  Tenchi walked over to his 
balcony and stared at the beautiful sunrise.  The lake gave out a radiant glow.  Tenchi 
leaned against the balcony and admired the sunrise.  Everything was quiet and peaceful.

A loud crash echoed through the entire house.  Suddenly he could hear Ayeka and 
Ryoko screaming.  Tenchi lowered his head.  "Why me?" he asked himself.  Suddenly, 
his bliss turned to misery as he was reminded of reality.

Ayeka and Ryoko stood face to face with both hands clenched.  They stood their 
ground in the middle of the living room.  "You know I was planning this!  How dare you 
try to ruin this special moment, you thief!" shouted Ayeka.  The two gave each other 
dirty looks.  

"I thought it was trash," replied Ryoko.  Her fangs were beginning to show.  

"It is a special Jurian gift, you dolt!  You have no idea how difficult it was to 
create it," said Ayeka.  She quickly glanced at the trashcan.  A paper wrapped packaged 
lied inside of it.  Ayeka looked at it and notice a small tear in the wrapping.  Ayeka 
became angrier and started to charge her force field.

"It still looks like trash," replied Ryoko.  Sensing Ayeka's power increase, Ryoko 
began charging up her energy powers.  

Ryoko and Ayeka were about to release their powers when suddenly Tenchi 
through himself in between them.  "Stop it!" he yelled, "What's wrong with both of you?  
You want to blow up the house?"  Quickly, Ryoko and Ayeka dispersed their powers and 
took a step back.  "Eek!" spurted Ayeka and quickly ran to the trashcan.  She picked up 
the package and ran toward the kitchen.  Tenchi looked at her with confusion.  A sweat 
drop formed on his head.  Tenchi has been living with these people for over two years 
and still couldn't figure them out.  

Ryoko grinned and disappeared.  She suddenly appeared behind Tenchi wrapping 
her arms around his chest.  Tenchi wanted to jump from the sudden scare, but Ryoko's 
grip was too strong.  "Happy birthday, Tenchi," she whispered in his ear.

"Thanks, Ryoko," said Tenchi trying to be as polite as he can.  He felt like he was 
in the grips of a giant predator with nowhere to run.  Tenchi began to get stiff and was 
slowly sweating.  "I have a present for you, Tenchi," she whispered seductively into his 
ear, "would you like to go back into your bedroom and unwrap it now?"

Tenchi was beginning to sweat.  No matter how many times he's been in her grips, 
he still feels sudden jolts of terror.  "Tenchi!" a voice echoed from the other room.  It was 
Sasami.  Tenchi quickly slid out of Ryoko's arms and ran into the kitchen.

He quickly ran in and bowed to Sasami.  "Ohaiyo, Sasami," said Tenchi.  An 
expression of relief and gratitude appeared on his face.  Sasami walked up to him and 
hugged him.  "Happy birthday, Tenchi" said Sasami.  Tenchi smiled.  Sasami's hugs and 
radiance always brightened his mood.  "Thank you, Sasami," he said.

"I've made your favorite breakfast," said Sasami.  Tenchi took a quick whiff.  The 
food smelled great.  "That looks great Sasami," said Tenchi.  The food was actually 
making his mouth water.  Ryoko stood behind him resenting Sasami.  The little girl just 
smiled knowing that Tenchi was pleased.  "Ryoko, would you like to help me in the 
kitchen," asked Sasami.  "Uh, sure, Sasami," said Ryoko.  She always wanted to appear 
helpful around Tenchi.  "Breakfast will be in just a minute," said Sasami as she took 
Ryoko back into the kitchen.  

Tenchi sat down at the table.  "Why me?" he asked himself.  He lowered his head 
a little more.  "Tenchi-sama," spoke Ayeka.  

"Huh?" Tenchi looked around and found Ayeka standing by the doorway.  She 
fixed herself up in her usual attire.  Ayeka held a wrapped package.  She bloomed with a 
radiant smile.  Tenchi got up and bowed to her.

"Good morning, Miss Ayeka," said Tenchi.  He always felt a little uncomfortable 
being around royalty.  Ayeka walked up to him and stood elegantly in front of him.  Her 
smile radiated and Tenchi could feel her being excited about something.  "Tenchi, in 
honor of your eighteenth birthday, please let me present you with this Jurian treasure," 
Ayeka handed the present to Tenchi.

"Thank you very much, Miss Ayeka," Tenchi bowed and accepted her gift.  In the 
time he spent with her, he never really seemed to see her this excited.  He suddenly 
remembered being visited by Jurian ships a couple of months ago.  The ship left almost 
as soon as it arrived.  

"Was this the reason for that little visit a while ago, Miss Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.  
Miss Ayeka giggled and nodded.  Miss Ayeka and Sasami were very secretive about the 
visit.  "They were just here for some family business" giggled Ayeka when Tenchi 
questioned her about it.  He shrugged it off and put it out of his mind.  He became used to 
such things over the years.

Tenchi slowly began unwrapping the present.  It felt heavy and by Ayeka's 
reaction with Ryoko, it was probably delicate.  Tenchi knew he had to be careful.  
Ayeka's eye lit up as Tenchi finally finished opening it.  It was a statue of him.  Tenchi 
took a deep breath.  The statue was fourteen-inch version of him standing over a crystal 
star.  He was wearing a Jurian ceremonial outfit with a sash around his shoulder 
displaying the Light hawk symbol.  The detail and work of the statue was remarkable; it 
was an exact likeness of Tenchi.

"Miss Ayeka, this is beautiful," said a stunned Tenchi.  Ayeka bowed, pleased 
with Tenchi's reaction.  "It is a special present created just for you," she said, "it was 
made by the finest Jurian sculptors from the most precious stones and paints in the entire 
galaxy."  Tenchi suddenly felt humbled, "Miss Ayeka, I'm not worthy of such a present."

Ayeka moved closer and put her hands on Tenchi's statue.  Tenchi felt her hands 
on his.  The statue's crystal base began to glow.  Tenchi looked at the light, it was the 
Light Hawk wings.  Ayeka's eyes met Tenchi's.  "Yes, you are worthy," she said in a low 
voice.  Tenchi felt a glow of warmth.  He couldn't tell if it was from the statue or Ayeka.  
Tenchi looked into Ayeka's bright eyes, "Miss Ayeka, what does the li."

"Oh, how wonderful," said Sasami.  Ayeka moved away from Tenchi.  Both their 
faces were blushing red.  The light from the statue disappeared.  "Do you like your 
present, Tenchi?" asked Sasami.  Tenchi placed the statue on the table.  "Yes, very much, 
thank you," said Tenchi.  Ryoko walked in holding a plate in each hand.  "Isn't it nice, 
Ryoko?" asked Sasami.  

Ryoko noticed the Tenchi statue.  "Where'd that come from?" asked Ryoko.  
"Ayeka had it made," said Sasami.  Ayeka gave a slight blush and gave Ryoko a quick 
smirk of victory.  "It's a beautiful statue because it's Tenchi's image on it," said Ryoko 
while giving a cold stare at Ayeka.  

Ryoko and Sasami put the plates on the table and soon everybody began showing 
up for breakfast.  Tenchi kept the statue close to him.  Noboyuki and Washu walked in.  
"What a beautiful statue, Tenchi," said Noboyuki.  "Thanks, dad.  Its Ayeka's present," 
said Tenchi.  "It is so detailed," said Noboyuki.  He then sat down and started in on his 
breakfast.  He was usually in a rush in the mornings.  Washu looked over the Tenchi 
statue.  "So that's why you wanted all that info on Tenchi's dimensions," said Washu.  
Tenchi tensed up a little remembering all the times he had been strapped down to one of 
Washu's contraptions being analyzed and studied.  Tenchi didn't mind it so much, except 
for when she would eventually try to extract a "sample" from him.  He dreaded the 
thought of what would happen if she ever got one.

Washu stood up, pulled out her holographic keypad, and began analyzing the 
statue.  "Not bad," said Washu, "It is a 99.9 percent likeness of him."  Tenchi blushed a 
little.  I was strange having a statue of him staring back at him.  "The crystal base is very 
interesting, it is an extract from a royal Jurian tree sap, extra rare materials, princess.  I 
see you went the extra mile," said Washu.

"It was nothing, Washu," said Ayeka.  She glared at her motioning her to shut up.  
Washu smirked, "You know, I heard about these statues.  They reserved for."

"Special friends of the Jurian family," interrupted Ayeka.  Sasami giggled at 
Ayeka's response. 

Washu smirked, "Yes, you could say that."  Washu disconnected her keyboard 
and sat down.  She started eating and laughing to a silent joke.  Tenchi looked around.  
Ayeka was quietly eating.  A strong blush of red crossed her face.  Sasami was her 
cheerful self, while Washu just nibbled at her food.  Ryoko picked at her food while 
glaring at Ayeka.  Noboyuki finished his coffee and ran out.  Everybody seemed to know 
something that Tenchi didn't.  He took it all in and finished his breakfast.  He had to go to 
school.  He would worry about it later.  He stood up and gave his bows and good-byes.  
Everybody wished him a good day.

Tenchi picked up his statue and walked upstairs to his room.  He placed the statue 
on his mantle next to a picture of his adopted "family."  He sat down on his chair and put 
his books into his backpack.  He stopped and looked over the mantle again.  He looked at 
the statue.  "It is impressive," he thought to himself.  He then looked over at the picture.  
They all stood together in front of grandfather's shrine.  Ayeka and Ryoko each wanted to 
stand next to Tenchi, while Sasami and Washu stood in front of him.  Noboyuki and 
Katsuhito stood at the side, while Kiyone and Mihoshi sat at the other.  They were all 
smiling.  He remembered what fun that day was when they all had a picnic.  "Remember 
these days, Tenchi," said his grandfather at the picnic.  "You will see many things, feel 
many more things, but these moments never return.  Treasure them," he said.  Tenchi 
didn't pay too much attention to his words, but he thinks he is now starting to understand 
what he really meant.   

Ryoko finished her meal and disappeared.  She reappeared on roof and watched 
him walk away.  She lied there for a while until she completely lost sight of him.  "That 
statue was beautiful," she had to admit it to herself.  To her, anything with Tenchi was 
beautiful.  She suspected something about that statue and she knew just who to talk to 
about it.

Tenchi found himself uninterested in his courses.  The teacher was going over the 
lesson, but Tenchi just couldn't get interested into his classes lately.  Washu was too good 
of a tutor.  Tenchi already knew most of the material covered.  He was facing graduation.  
His friends wanted him to go with them to Tokyo University, he found himself no 
interested in going.  He always had excellent grades, but in reality, he did not want to be 
too far away from his home.  Tenchi realized some time ago that he was not meant to 
have a normal earthling life.  He may have to leave the planet someday and never come 
back.  The thought depressed him a little, but felt a small comfort knowing he would 
never be bored.  

There was another college nearby he was thinking of attending.  But even then, he 
did not know what degree to pursue.  Everybody seemed to be so ahead of him in 
planning.  He gave up a long time trying to be a normal kid.  Having two beautiful alien 
women fighting over him day and night, dealing with the world's greatest mad scientist, 
and being friends with two Galaxy Police officers have kept him on his toes.  Not to 
mention the occasional space warlord or demon trying to destroy or conquer the universe 
he somehow ended up dealing with.  He realized he had to accept his chaotic life.  He 
wished he had a little more control.  "Life is a series of events we are faced with," Tenchi 
remembered what his grandfather said one time.  "We don't control the events, we can 
only try to handle them the best we can," said his grandfather.  "If only it was so simple," 
thought Tenchi.

Washu heard a chime on her doorway.  She paid it no mind while she looked over 
her data on her holo-computer.  "I'm a little busy right now," said Washu.  She had 
calculated who would visit her.  "I need to talk to you," said Ryoko in a serious tone.  

Washu continued to tap on her keyboard.  "Is that so?" she asked, "What about?"  
She liked to play with her.  "You know damn well why I'm here, Washu!" said Ryoko.  
Ryoko stood behind Washu almost ready to attack.  

"Say the secret word," said Washu.  Ryoko was getting very angry.  She hated 
when Washu made her do this.  There was no other way for Ryoko.

"Please, mom," said Ryoko, almost spitting the words out, "There, happy now."  
Washu stood there and observed her.  Her secret computer scanners revealed an intense 
rise in her body chemistry.  Ryoko's face was turning red.  

"Ok, it's no big secret," said Washu.  Ryoko stood a little less tense.  "It's a Jurian 
statue of Tenchi in a traditional ceremonial outfit," said Washu.  Ryoko crossed her arms.  
Washu stood there a moment observing her reaction.  Washu tapped a few keys on her 
keyboard and a holographic projection of the statue appeared.  "Tenchi is wearing a 
traditional Jurian 'wedding' ceremonial outfit," said Washu.  Ryoko almost fainted.  
Washu smiled, her secret computer readout on Ryoko was going off the scale.  "Young 
love," Washu thought.  Ryoko was white as a ghost.

"The statue is gift presented to a person on their birthday or Startika symbolizing 
one's intent of a more devoted relationship," said Washu.  Ryoko stood there.  Her anger 
was beginning to boil over.  "Basically, Aeka has announced to the entire Jurian royal 
court that she intends to marry Tenchi.  The crystal amber from the statue's base is 
considered on the most valuable material in the entire universe.  It is almost unheard of 
being presented with a statue.  The princess must have really made some royal waves 
when she had it made.  Tenchi and Ayeka's names are probably the talk of Jurai by now," 
finished Washu.  

Ryoko stood there shocked over what she heard.  She was actually speechless.  
Washu looked at her.  Ryoko's anger was turning into sadness.  "Could I have lost Tenchi 
so easily?" she asked herself.  Washu felt a little sorry for her.  "Ryoko," Washu was 
felling a maternal pinch, "You know she was bound to do this.  You have to admit that 
she's just as dedicated to him as you are."  Washu had a point and Ryoko knew it.  They 
both loved Tenchi, but sooner or later, it had to come to this.  Ryoko was holding back 
her tears.  Washu walked up behind her and put her arm around her shoulder.   

Ryoko felt a pain in her heart.  Would Tenchi accept Ayeka's proposal?  They 
would marry and leave to be with the Jurian court or stay here.  Either way, she would 
lose Tenchi and have to leave back into the empty space.  She was alone most of her life, 
but after meeting Tenchi, she dreaded the thought of ever being without him.  She would 
no longer be able to stay.  It would be too painful seeing Tenchi embrace Ayeka with the 
loving eyes that Ryoko dreamt he would have for her.  Ryoko stormed off and left.  
Washu went back to working on her experiment.

"Young love," Washu thought again.  It has been so long since she ever had any 
feelings for anybody.  She stopped and looked at herself.  She never realized how much 
she envied Ryoko and Ayeka.  She paused for a moment and tapped some more keys on 
her board.  A holographic picture of Tenchi appeared.  "What makes you so irresistible?" 
she said.  

She realized how much he has grown.  He was no longer the na‹ve boy who 
released a demon and was captured by a princess.  Washu thought about the things she 
could teach him and the fun they would have learning.  She then remembered the one 
thing she learned in her many years in this galaxy: anything could happen.  "Tenchi is 
young," thought Washu as she pulled up a giant mirror and looked at herself.  "He might 
come around. After all, I am a woman and they're just girls."  Washu smiled at her 
reflection.  The mirror imaged blinked and blew Washu a kiss.  Washu smiled at her 
image and went back work.

Tenchi was at his desk talking to his friends Tokuda and Tahari.  He has been 
quiet for most of the conversation.  Their talks would eventually lead them into sex.  "I 
heard Tukori is getting married after graduation," said Tahari.  

"Why?" asked Tenchi.  

"Lets just say that his future bride-to-be has a wealthy father," said Tokuda, "He 
made himself a nice deal."  Marriage into wealth he thought.  That prospect didn't seem 
to far from him.  "I don't think that's a right way to go," said Tenchi.

"You got a point there," said Tokuda, "Who wants a wife that's richer than you.  
She might even go around and order you around."  Tenchi was beginning to feel 
uncomfortable.

"Give me a woman who know how to have fun," said Tahari, "If you know what I 
mean."  Tokuda snickered at Tahari's comments.  Tenchi thoughts then wandered to 
Ryoko.

"Then you would have to worry about whether or not she would tear your throat 
out," said Tenchi openly.  Tokuda and Tahari stared at Tenchi.  Tenchi stared back and 
snickered.  Both his friends began to laugh.  "You're a funny guy, Tenchi," said Tahari.  
Tenchi gave a pretend laugh and started reading from his book.  "I am so alone," Tenchi 
thought to himself. 

Ryoko appeared in the middle of Tenchi's room.  She would often lie down on his 
bed and wonder how it would feel having Tenchi sleep next to her.  She would often pick 
up his scent and enjoy his presence.  Ayeka would come around looking for her, but she 
would manage to disappear before she entered his room.  Ryoko suspected Ayeka does 
the same thing when nobody is looking.  "Why couldn't the princess just go back home to 
her royal palace and pick any other guy in the universe," Ryoko thought.  In the entire 
universe, she was the only one in existence.  It was a fact that Washu has stated on many 
occasions: there is only one Ryoko.  There was also only one Tenchi.  They were 
hundreds of royals, but only one Tenchi.  

Ryo-ohki wandered into Tenchi's room.  "Miya," said the cabbit.  Ryoko picked 
her up and placed her on her stomach.  The cabbit began to purr and fall asleep in 
Ryoko's waist.  "Why couldn't Ayeka go and find some prince or something and stay 
away from her life," said Ryoko.  She turned and looked at Tenchi's mantle.  The statue 
stood there next to a portrait of the "family."  She still couldn't believe Tenchi called it a 
family portrait.  She had a hard time accepting Washu as her mother, but having Ayeka in 
the "family" made her sick.  "How could I be so cursed," thought Ryoko.  She took a step 
back and started charging her energy powers.  "One small concentrated blow would 
shatter that statue into a million pieces," she thought.  She was about to release her 
energy ball but then realize what she going to do.  She was going to blow up Tenchi.  
Even symbolic, she couldn't bring herself to do it.  Even in a Jurian outfit, he still looked 
so beautiful.  Ryoko lied back down on the bed.  Tenchi scent was faint, but still present.  

Tears appeared from her face.  She did not ever want to be without Tenchi in her 
life.  She would rather die than be alone ever again.  She remembered every time she held 
Tenchi.  Every time Tenchi held her in his arms.  His eyes looking at her with concern 
and warmth.  She needed to do something, but what could she offer Tenchi.  Ayeka was 
always worried about the Jurian Royal family not accepting Tenchi.  Azusa, for some 
reason, hated Tenchi, but his two wives adored him.  Ayeka avoided talking about her 
father and Tenchi.  Obviously, the Jurian royalty has recognized Tenchi as a possible 
groom for Ayeka.  Lord knows they were probably suspicious of Ayeka and Sasami 
choosing to stay in an underdeveloped planet in the middle of nowhere.

Suddenly, Ryoko had an idea.  If Ayeka made a love token, Ryoko had to make 
one of her own.  "What do I make?" asked Ryoko.  She thought about going to town and 
buying something, but that seem so impersonal.  Suddenly, inspiration struck her.  She 
looked at the clock.  Tenchi wasn't going to be home for another five hours.  She picked 
up Ryo-ohki.  "C'mon, we have to go," she told the barely awake cabbit.  She just had 
enough time.

Tenchi was practicing his tennis game.  His battles with evil space bounty 
hunters, mad scientists, and the advances of a space pirate and princess made him very 
agile.  His grandfather as even acknowledging his skill with the sword.  So far, he was 
undefeated in his tennis class.  The coach wanted him to join the team, but he didn't have 
the desire.  He thought about how Ayeka, Ryoko and the rest would go see him play at 
the tournaments.  He cringed at the thought of the damage they could cause if they were 
placed in public with a large crowd.  Tenchi saw the tennis ball coming his way and 
quickly swung his racket.  The ball returned and his opponent was not quick enough to 
reach the ball in time.  Tenchi won another game.  A sound of cheers hit him.  He turned 
around and noticed he had a group of female admirers.  Tenchi smiled at them and 
walked back into the locker.  "When you have a princess, space pirate, mad scientist, and 
a galaxy police officer after you, how do you fit in high school girls into your life?" 
Tenchi thought.

Mihoshi and Kiyone were enjoying the Masaki's bath when Sasami walked in.  
"How are you girls doing?" asked Sasami.  "Mihoshi got us fired again," said Kiyone.  
Mihoshi faces blushed a little.  Kiyone gave her a mean looked.

"It was an accident," replied Mihoshi, "I had no idea French fries were so 
volatile."

"They're not," said Kiyone.  She still had a hard time accepting the fact how low 
her career has sank.  She wanted to go out and fight criminals from all over the galaxy.  
Instead, she ended up partnered to an airhead and assigned to patrol a underdeveloped 
planet.  Kiyone sunk her head a little lower at the thought.

"Where's Ayeka?" said Kiyone.  She wanted to change the subject.

"She went to the market to pick up some things," said Sasami.  Sasami entered the 
tub.  "You will be staying here for dinner right?" asked Sasami.  

Mihoshi smiled, "Oh yes, we couldn't afford any foo.."

"Thank you, Sasami," interrupted Kiyone.

"Tenchi would be so happy.  He rarely sees you both since you moved out and 
with all your jobs and patrols," said Sasami, "It's his birthday today."

Mihoshi gave a surprised look.  "It is!  Oh, I wish somebody told me.  I would 
have brought a present," she said.

Kiyone sunk her head a little lower.  "We don't have any money to feed ourselves, 
much less buy presents," said Kiyone.

Mihoshi thought about it for a moment.  "Oh yeah, I forgot," she said.  Kiyone 
sunk lower.  Her nose was just barely above water.  "How did I go so low," she thought 
to herself.

"Tenchi needs a scarf," said Mihoshi.  She paused and gave a thought about 
Tenchi.  She imagined giving a beautiful scarf to Tenchi.  Tenchi would be so pleased he 
would ask her out.  She then envisioned Tenchi and her spending time in the couch, like 
how couples do it on TV.  Everybody looked at Mihoshi as she stared blankly into 
nothingness.  Her face was blushing red.

Ryoko suddenly appeared in front of everybody.  "Hello ladies," Ryoko said.  She 
was hovering over them.  "Sasami, where's Ayeka?" said Ryoko.

"She went to the market," said Sasami.

"I'm going to be stepping out for a few hours," said Ryoko, "but I'll be in time for 
the party."  

Sasami looked at her curiously, "Where you going?"

Ryoko gave her a sly grin, "Just doing some last minute shopping."  Ryoko gave 
everybody a wink, floated across the wall, and went through it.  Nobody liked it when 
Ryoko was up to something.  They suddenly looked up and saw Ryo-ohki in ship form.  
The ship was speeding up toward space.

Ayeka was still on cloud nine.  She was afraid Tenchi would react negatively or 
even dare reject her present.  She was proud that she was able to present it without Ryoko 
interfering.  She went up and down the aisles picking things from Sasami's list.  She 
thought about how much she was going to miss shopping.  She actually started enjoying 
Earth life.  "Maybe Tenchi and I will live here," she thought.  Juria was in peacetime and 
her father still had many good years as ruler.  They could raise a family and live happily 
on Earth.  Plus, she would get to finally get rid of Ryoko.  Ayeka thought about Ryoko 
for a minute.  "She could stay with us," Ayeka thought, "as long as she know who Tenchi 
is married to."  Ayeka finished her list and headed down the checkout counter.  While she 
waited, she spotted a few magazines.  "How to keep your man," advertised one.  Ayeka 
picked it up and started reading it.  She looked at another article, "Hot Sex for Hot 
couples."  Ayeka paused a moment and looked at some other magazines.  She stopped 
and thought for a moment, then started picking all the magazines and placing them on her 
cart.

Washu was in the living room watching her favorite soap.  In her laboratory, a 
sudden beep appeared in front of Washu's screen.  Then a warning signal turned on.  A 
sudden message appeared on the screen: Space/Dimensional Rift Imminent.  A large 
concentration of energy began registering.  A sudden flash of light roamed the laboratory.  
All the instruments began to shutdown.  Then slowly began to turn on again.  Any 
information on the sudden Space/Dimensional Rift was erased.  Washu walked into her 
lab.  She was holding back her tears.  "How could Vernedad leave Mishu for a wretched 
witch?" she said.  She took a deep breath and sat down in front of her computer screen.  
She had plenty of work ahead of her and began typing away.

Ryoko traveled to the asteroid belt.  "Let's see, I know I left it around here 
somewhere," she said.  "Miya," replied the ship.  The ship then began doing a full sensor 
sweep.  Ryoko stood on the deck of Ryo-ohki.  She was growing more impatient.  
"Miya," echoed the ship.  Ryoko looked at the screen.  "Oh yeah!" she said.  Ryo-ohki 
moved to the location on the computer screen.  A small asteroid floated in front of her.  
She looked closer.  A small metal container was welded to the asteroid.  Ryoko floated up 
and disappeared.  

She instantly reappeared over the metal box and pulled out her laser sword.  With 
a quick slice, the box opened revealing a small black bag.  Ryoko grinned and grabbed 
the bag.  She then floated back into her ship.  "Ryo-ohki, let's go back home," she said.  
The ship then powered its engines and started heading back to the blue planet out in the 
distance.

Tenchi was going over some books at the library.  He was caught up in all his 
classes, so he decided to see if there was anything worth reading.  He looked over some 
books he found in the returned pile.  Tenchi read the one on top of the pile, "How to 
succeed in Love and Marriage."  He placed the book down.  "If only they would come up 
with one about 'How to succeed in keeping two alien women, who are in love with you, 
from killing you and destroying your house,'" he thought to himself.  He thought it best to 
go over the magazines instead.

Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were setting up the birthday decorations.  "I still 
wish we could have brought something for Tenchi," said Mihoshi.  Kiyone closed her 
eyes and wished she wasn't there.  "How can you be so dense?" said Kiyone.  Mihoshi 
stared blankly at her.  Sasami finished setting up the table.  "C'mon, Tenchi doesn't care 
about that," she said.  Sasami gave them both a cold stare letting them know better than to 
argue.  Kiyone suddenly realized that Sasami has been really working hard on Tenchi's 
party.  Suddenly, a flash of white light filled the room.  Sasami and Mihoshi cried out.  
Kiyone tried to move but they all instantly froze.  Kiyone could swear she saw a hand 
reach out to her and pull her away, but the light was blinding her.  The light flashed and 
they all disappeared.  
	
	Washu picked up a surge of energy from her readings.  "This is not good," she 
said.  She quickly typed some commands, but the light suddenly beamed in from 
nowhere.  "Oh shi.." Washu didn't finish her sentence.  She quickly disappeared.  

Ayeka found her way into the road.  "Hello, Azaka, Kamadake," she said.  
"Greetings, your highness," said Kamadake.
	
	"Did you have a nice time shopping?" said Azaka.
	
	Ayeka smiled, "I actually like shopping.  I like choosing my own..."  The light 
flashed through the land.  Ayeka, Azaka, and Kamadake were gone.  The groceries 
floated in the air for a second then quickly fell on the floor.
	
	Ryoko was about to reach Earth's orbit when her computer's sensors picked up a 
strange reading.  "Miya," bellowed the Ryo-ohki.  Ryoko looked out and saw a strange 
blinding light flashing from the Masaki home.  "Ryo-ohki, give me a full sensor swee.." 
Ryoko never finished her sentence.  The blinding light reached from outer space and 
struck her and Ryo-ohki.  Instantly, Ryoko and her ship were gone.

Tenchi walked out of the bus and into his home road.  He strolled down the 
woods when a bright light struck him.  Volts of pain struck him.  Tenchi screamed as he 
floated into the air.  He felt like he was being torn into pieces.  Tenchi closed his eyes and 
lost consciousness.

The Masaki home was now quiet.  Washu's lab was slowly shutting down.  The 
party decorations hung while food was cooking in the stove.  Suddenly a figure dressed in 
black appeared in the kitchen.  A hood covered his head.  The man took a few steps into 
the kitchen.  He raised his gloved hand and released a beam of blue energy from the 
house.  The stove and all the lights in the house turned off.  The man then walked into the 
living room and disappeared.

To be continued.

