Tenchi Muyo OAV Series-Season Three
By, Absolute Zero
absolute____zero@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/ABSOLUTE_ZE/index.htm

Disclaimer: I dont own these characters they are the property of their
respected owners and I am merely using them in a work of fiction for the joy
of myself and the rest of the fans. I am making no money of them but this
fanfic is mine and should not be duplicated without my permission.

Authors notes: This is my first attempt at a fanfiction I hoped that I would
be able to make a good impession
on the readers and that you enjoy it. I hope this is not my last fanfic
since I am just bursting with ideas right now. So I had better get started
sinces its already 3:30 in morning where I live. I would like in people like
Ryan Anderson and DDFA(dark day for anime) who have inspired me to write
fanfics And I look up to you all thank you.
                                        With out further delays on with the
story enjoy....

It begins in the darkness of space many stars twinkle in the night sky.
Lady Tokimi Sites staring at a sphere showing Tenchi with his light hawk
wings glowing with power.
"I dont understand why this boy can have light hawk wings and be human more
study is definitly needed".
To Tokimi,s knowledge only interdementional beings like herself and objects
that have been infused and one with beings like here sister Isunami things
like the royal trees of juria could generste such a force. But no this boy
could do it and on top of it all he has the power is seems to transform
matter with only three blades such is seeming new and much more potent kind
of light hawk is being used by this mortal of all things and is cold only
mean trouble for her since she doesnt understand how its possible there for
like any other God or Godess It freittened her a little for change always
dos to such High beings and Tokimi was no exeption.
Tokimi hissed under her breath with fusteration as the scene in the sphere
changed to that of the sword with the gems embedded in it which seem to glow
with an errie red aura.
"And on top of it all I now I have to deal these as well those gems as well
they must beyour doing arent they washu " tokimi thought to herself. With a
shock of energy from here forhead emblem a flowed forth shattering the
sphere with a spark. The noise brings here here servant D3 to here presence.
"What has happened melady?"
"Nothing that consernes you I have not sent for you begone until you are
summond!" Tokimi snaps at D3.
"As you wish your Highness" D3 dispers into nothingness just as spontaineuse
as he appeared.
A slight grin begins to merge from her much decorated face"Yes Isunami every
soon we shall see who is the most clever and the most Powerful this univers
is mine and when I take it I with truly omnipitent". I slite chuckle slips
through here lips only to grow into a full blown unset of laughter which
sounds strangly familiar to Kagatos."Soon Isunami very soon and you as well
Washu and especialy that boy shall suffer the most of all I will not fail my
child". With that the site begins to fade as She ponders the future assualt.
                                                              TO BE
CONTINUED..................

authors note: well what do you think so far not much yet ut this will be
appart a much bigger story I will begin writing soon. Any proof reading is
very much appreciated.(sorry for the grammer and spelling I will clean it up
soon) Please write me and tell what you think any advise is very much
appresiated thank you.