I don't own Tenchi Muyo.
Does any one care?
Thought not.

A Second Chance
By the Great El Dober (andrelaval@hotmail.com)
() = Thoughts
** = Title/Heading

*Part One - Confrontations*

(Shiny metals. Flashy lights. Big buttons. Such wondrous sights. No 
wonder Mommy spends so much time here. This is far more fun than the 
Academy.)

Wide, curious eyes continued to scan their surroundings while trying to 
remember the words associated with the sights that met them.

(Neutrino discharge thingy. Galactic Class something. A circle shaped 
thing that has something to do with black holes. And finally the . . .)

"Mommy, what's this do?" asked the young girl in confusion. She 
thought she had explored all of her mother's labs yet here was something 
she knew nothing about.

"Little Ryoko, how many times must I explain these . . ." the approaching 
Washu began before catching sight of the machine in question. It 
consisted of a battery block the size of a tower behind a podium-like 
console with the words 'Second Chance' gracing the front. For the first 
time in a long time Washu was reluctant to boast about her work.

"That is nothing," she began while leading her daughter away from it, 
"Just forget all about it okay, it doesn't matter."

"Why?"

"Because it's unimportant now."

"Why's that?"

"Because I don't need it." 

"But why don't you need it Mommy?"

Washu let out an exasperated sigh. Sometimes she wished she had a thick 
daughter who wouldn't be so irritatingly inquisitive. The only way to end 
this now was to explain things in enough detail to satisfy her curiosity.

"Listen Ryoko," Washu began in a serious tone, while kneeling down to 
look her daughter right in the face. "Mommy made that when she was 
very sad. It was to make Mommy feel better, but I don't need it now 
because now I have you."

"Because we love each other!" the young girl happily exclaimed while 
jumping into a warm embrace, "And we always will!"


*Countless Years Later*

"Washu! Where are you hiding you gnome-sized excuse for a mother! 
When I find you I'll . . ."

"Good afternoon to you too Ryoko." Came the sarcastic, but somewhat 
hurt reply from across the lab.

Washu kept her focus on her work as the stampeding footsteps thundered 
towards her, all up to the point that Ryoko shoved a photo in her face 
with such force that it nearly knocked her clean off her floating cushion.

"What the hell is this?" Demanded Ryoko while pointing to the photo 
that quite clearly depicted Washu sneaking around Tenchi's room at night 
with what appeared to be some form of vacuum pump.

"Oh that," Washu began as if it was nothing, "That was just a little joke."

"Oh just a joke is it?" fumed Ryoko, "Well next time you can keep your 
twisted jokes away from my Tenchi."

"And what," began Washu, with a wide grin, "just what is it that makes 
him your Tenchi?"

Washu loved opportunities to wind up her daughter. They were the only 
real opportunities she had to be near her, even if they were damaging, but 
Washu would withstand any amount damage just to be reminded of the 
better days when they would laugh and tease each other in harmless fun. 
It was those better days that Ryoko's answer would unwittingly and 
painfully remind Washu of.

"Because we love each other," Ryoko began, "And we always will."

Ryoko watched as her mother's face fell, and although she didn't 
understand what she had done, Ryoko couldn't help but feel a wave of 
guilt wash over her. This wasn't how Ryoko wanted it to be. Why 
couldn't her mother be more mother-like? Every time Ryoko felt like 
finally accepting Washu as her mother, that immature redhead would pull 
something like this. How can she look upon Washu as her mother when 
she tries to suck sperm out of her own daughter's true love? It was just 
seemed so unreasonable.

But it wasn't entirely Washu's fault either. Ryoko knew she had been just 
as unreasonable by pushing her mother away ever since they had been 
reunited. If only she had known better. If only she had . . .

"And you think that I don't love you?" came the eventual response from 
the small scientist. Washu tried to make the question sound rhetorical but 
it came out desperate and hurt. Her playful teasing that Ryoko had once 
been so fond of, had once again taken a nasty and hurtful turn for the 
worse.

"How could you?" came an equally pitiful response from her space pirate 
daughter, "I can never be the sweet little girl you talk so much of, not 
after what I've done. You just want that girl back instead of me."

And then in a voice sounding every bit as worthless as Ryoko felt she 
concluded, "I'm just not important to you any more."

Ryoko just stood there facing the floor, watching a lonely tear fall and 
splash onto the ground. 

(This is crap) she thought, (if mother dearest hadn't made me fuse with that 
emotionally challenged tin can then I would never be saying this. Sure, 
it's what I think, but these thoughts are meant to be private. It's been two 
months and I still can't keep my big mouth shut over things like this.)

Ryoko was snapped away from her thoughts as Washu grabbed her by the 
wrist and began leading her away into the far reaches of the lab.

"What are you doing? Let me go!" demanded Ryoko, but after her 
emotional outburst it sounded more like a plea than a demand and Washu 
had no intentions of stopping.

"No! You think you are unimportant to me. You think I would trade you 
for the old you and I'm going to prove you wrong," Washu said firmly, 
while leading her daughter towards the very same machine she had led 
her away from all those years ago.


*Part Two - Revelations*

"A what?"

"A temperal-reallignment-amnesia-inducing-with-selective-delayed-
responses-field-generator."

"Oh I see," lied Ryoko. The only part of it that she could grasp was that it 
supposedly generated some sort of field and despite the technological feat 
in front of her the only part of it that captivated her interest were the 
pretty, shiny letters that spelt 'Second Chance' on the front.

(And she wants me to replace her child prodigy that she boasts so much 
of.) Ryoko thought in disgust of herself, not even beginning to realise that 
she had referred to past herself in the second person. 

Washu could see Ryoko's blank expression but took comfort from the 
twinkling of recognition that came through the link. She could also sense 
a feeling of hope and anticipation, the stronger emotions that would 
always seep through no matter how hard her daughter tried to mask them, 
but despite all of this a stale silence still hung in the air.

"Don't you want to know what it does?" Washu asked pensively, afraid 
that Ryoko might lose interest and leave at any moment but instead 
Ryoko nodded and braced herself for what was sure to be theories and 
physics far beyond her level of comprehension.

But in all her effort to mentally prepare for the intellectual onslaught to 
follow, Ryoko had let those last thoughts slip across the link. Taking this 
into account Washu began her somewhat diluted explanations.

"Simply put it's a time machine, but in truth it's more than that," she 
began, not her overly proud, enthusiastic self, as was usually the case 
with her inventions.

"It doesn't just send you through time or to another dimension you see," 
Washu continued, "it shifts the entire time axis back. That way your 
mistakes are truly erased forever."

"Mistakes?" interrupted Ryoko, afraid she may be missing the point 
already.

"Yes, mistakes. That's why I built it," Washu continued, "I started 
construction just after my husband left me. The plan was to go back and 
never marry him. I would never be hurt, never cry myself to sleep at night 
and never have to lose my son."

"But of course," interrupted Ryoko, sensing a rare opportunity to show 
understanding, "You would just go back and make the same mistakes all 
over again so there was little point."

"No, that's not how it works," Washu responded as the proud grin 
vanished from her daughter's face, "Like I said before it has amnesia-
inducing-with-selective-delayed-response properties. In other words the 
user will retain their memories for one day. After that the memories of 
your actions would remain but the logic behind them would forever 
escape you."

Washu sighed regretfully, "One day would have been plenty time to ruin 
all chances of a marriage. Then I could have lived the rest of my life in 
blissful, ignorant peace."

"So why didn't you use it," asked her even more confused than before 
daughter. 

"Because," Washu began as the memories resurfaced, "I would never 
have gotten to see you."


*Countless Years before*

"Professor Hakibu, your personal project is finally fully charged. It may 
have taken four years but it is finally complete," reported one of her lab 
assistants.

Washu sighed. It had indeed taken a long time to store enough energy. 
Changing time across the universe was no small task after all. Even the 
greatest scientific mind known to exist had needed a ridiculous amount of 
time to achieve it and it that time there had been some pretty major 
changes.

Washu looked down into her arms where her sleeping child lay. It was 
time to choose. What meant more to her, freedom from the pain or her 
beautiful baby daughter?

"Thank you for informing me," Washu finally replied, "but I no longer 
require use of that machine."

"But, you took . . . I mean it cost . . . I mean . . . You can't be serious!" 
the assistant babbled on in shock. Washu just smiled and walked away 
with no intentions of explaining. Ever.


*Current day*

"I thought you deserved a chance to live Ryoko," Washu finished, "Had I 
used that machine, much as I wanted to, you would never have been 
born." 
 
Ryoko stood shocked and although she was censored to the content, 
Washu could still sense a thousand thoughts racing through her 
daughter's head.

(I had no idea. If she could escape the pain it would be natural to do so 
but she didn't for my sake. To think she was going to keep that secret to 
herself. To think I could have refused to come and never found out. Hey 
wait a minute, why am I having such patience with this anyway? Oh I 
forgot, this is that goddamn robot's fault. But still the fact remains that 
she made a huge sacrifice and she did it all for me!)

Ryoko face then dropped as she remembered something.

"That doesn't prove anything Washu," she began sadly, "I'm not that girl 
you remember so fondly. It could have as well been someone else. You 
still find me unimportant."

Ryoko had really wished otherwise but the fact remained that all the 
affection shown to that girl she had apparently once been was lost to her. 
Just like all of Washu's hopes and dreams were falsely pinned upon a 
space pirate instead of an innocent child, it would be wrong to accept 
Washu's love for someone else. It would just make her feel more of an 
impostor than she already did.

"That's where you're wrong my Little Ryoko," Washu began in a voice 
that had quite broken down, but threatened to do so at any moment. "All 
through my incarceration at the hands of Kagato the only thing that kept 
me sane, the only thing that kept me going was knowing one day I might 
be free. One day I might manage to return to this very place and with the 
flip of a switch it would all be better."

It was at that point Washu's voice finally broke down into sobs, "I just 
wanted to make it better. After all those years with nothing but darkness 
except for when I saw hell through your eyes, nothing but numbness save 
for the pain I could sense through our link, and most of all nothing but 
guilt except for the hope I could make amends, after all of that I just 
wanted to go back. I wanted to hold my child again and not feel 
responsible for the torture and nightmares I know that you've suffered."

"Well why the hell didn't you?" Ryoko yelled in frantic amazement, 
"Come on, we can still stop him, we can still be happy together. You can 
have your beloved daughter back and I can finally forget what I've done. 
Come on, quickly, let's do it!"

"We can't," Washu stated, her voice firm yet full of obvious regret. "We 
can't now for the same reasons I couldn't then. Everything would be 
erased, not only the mistakes and suffering. I thought you deserved a 
chance to prove yourself. I wasn't going to deny you that after all the 
suffering you went through."

"I don't want to prove myself," replied Ryoko, while running towards the 
console, "I want happiness!"

"And what of Tenchi?"

That last comment stopped Ryoko in her tracks, just like Washu knew it 
would.

"You said you'd love him forever," Washu began, "but choose that path 
and you won't even remember him tomorrow."

"I could write a note to myself . . ." Ryoko began, desperately trying to 
find a way to make this work.

Washu shook her head. "Change the past and you will never attack Jurai, 
Yosho will never leave for earth and therefore Tenchi will never even be 
born."

Washu then closed her eyes, took a deep breath and braced herself for 
what she was about to do. She didn't want to take such a gamble but she 
knew deep down that she had to. It was the right thing to do.

"I know I haven't been the best of mothers," Washu began with her eyes 
still shut tight, "so I won't stop you if you want to use it. It's your choice, 
the chance to dump your pain and burdens, but the cost would be Tenchi 
and your family."

Washu hoped that Ryoko understood family was meant to mean her more 
than it was meant to mean Ayeka and the others. Washu waited patiently 
for a response. She expected to hear Ryoko choose Tenchi over the 
alternative or at the very least hear her stomp out of the lab in a mood. 
She was horrified to hear, instead, clicks and bleeps.

Clicks and bleeps of data entry.

Data entry for time co-ordinates.

Time co-ordinates for . . .

Washu's eyes flung open and stared, mortified at the sight before her. Her 
daughter was at the panel, entering the data that would help her reclaim 
her life.

(No!) Washu's mind screamed. (What have I done to her to make her do 
this? I knew it was bad but I never thought she would choose peace of 
mind over love. I never thought she turn her back on us forever.)

Sensing her mother's thoughts, Ryoko looked up to meet her tearful gaze.

"I'm sorry Mom," was all she could say before pressing the final button.

That last click, despite being feeble in volume, was the most emphatic 
sound Washu had ever heard. It was the sound of death, betrayal, loss and 
failure all rolled into one.

A blinding, all encompassing light streamed through the lab and when 
Washu opened her eyes her daughter had vanished along with all the 
hopes and dreams that Washu had pinned on her.

Washu felt darkness creeping over her as the current time line ceased to 
be. She felt the sands of time slowly grinding to a halt and start to slip 
away to the past. Her mind was slowly fading away into an unconscious 
slumber and her memory was fading away forever.

"Ryoko," was all she could say as a lone tear dropped from her face and 
splashed into oblivion.


*Part three - Reunifications*

Ryoko's mind came back into focus just in time to hear the tail end of a 
conversation she had heard all before.

". . . . but I created you using my own egg cells so I'm more of your 
mother than your creator."

"Of course you are!" Ryoko said while joyously pulling her long lost 
mother into a fierce hug.

Washu was stunned. It was too good to be true. (She remembered, she 
actually remembered.) The emotion of it all was too much for her as 
Washu found herself breaking down into tears.

"Don't cry Mommy," Ryoko soothed, sounding more and more like the 
innocent child she thought she could never become once again. She took 
her trembling hand and ran it through her mother's long red hair. She was 
shocked to find her hand, the same hand that had crushed worlds, could 
be so gentle and healing as Washu seemed to draw strength from this and 
regain her composure.

"Don't cry Mommy, I might not feel like this tomorrow so let's just enjoy 
our second chance while it lasts."

Washu gasped as her incredible mental processing powers swiftly 
deciphered the meaning behind those words. Ryoko just smiled. This is 
how it should have been. Had she known she had a mother who cared 
deeply for her, had she known that Washu was that mother, had she 
known what she knew now then this was exactly how events would have 
played out first time round.

But now she had erased her mistake, her mistake of not accepting Washu 
from day one. Now they could have a proper fresh start, one where 
Ryoko's mistrust and Washu's attention seeking antics wouldn't interfere. 
Now with Tenchi and her mother, Ryoko felt she could be truly happy 
once more.

"Wait I'm confused," interrupted Mihoshi, "What about being stuck here, 
not to mention Kagato and Ayeka and Sasami and Ryo-Oh . . ." Or 
without the excessive babbling it simply meant 'What about everything 
else?' She had a point. The problem wasn't solved yet.

"Don't worry," Ryoko replied confidently, "All we need to do is bring 
Ayeka down here then, as long as I'm careful to avoid his traps, I can kill 
him."

Suddenly a grin spread across her face.

"Actually I think I will get caught in that trap after all and let Tenchi 
rescue me. That's one memory I want to keep forever!" and with that she 
returned to the other side.

"Miss Washu," Mihoshi whispered discreetly, "I think losing Tenchi was 
too much for her. I think she's gone mad."

Washu laughed while wiping the tears from her eyes. She was far too 
happy to reply. It seems that after untold years of imprisonment she had 
finally been given a second chance.


The End


There is a sequel to this story called 'For Reasons That Escape Me' which
deals with the events after their reunion and after Ryoko loses her memory
of her future she came from.

If you have any comments or questions then please send them to andrelaval@hotmail.com.

Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed it.