Disclaimer: None of the original characters are mine. This includes Nigi. I
simply changed Nigi a bit for my fic. I liked her character and I wanted to
bring her into this one. This is my first FanFic ever. I hope you like it.
Also, Risuzu is simply a spaceship, not a cabbit ship. Ohtori and the
mysterus woman are my characters. If you want to use them, please ask me
first. Thank you. I hope you all enjoy the fic. Write me please and tell me
what you think at ryuuko_chan@yahoo.com





Tenchi Misaki awoke to tantalizing smells coming from the kitchen of the
Misaki household. “Seems like Sasami’s outdone herself this time,” the
seventeen year old boy smiled to himself as he hurriedly got dress for the
days chores ahead of him.

He ran down the stair quickly, feeling quite hungry. He entered the kitchen
and said, “Good morning, everyone.” The next second, Tenchi found himself
flat on his back on the kitchen floor with a lovely woman with light
bluish-green hair on top of him.

“Morning, Tenchi,” the woman said with a slight laugh. “Did you sleep well,
huh?” The spiked haired woman began to draw circles on Tenchi’s chest,
keeping her voice innocent.

Before Tenchi could rebuke the woman for jumping on him again, another voice
yelled, “Get off him, demon woman!!!”

Tenchi felt the surge of energy as power logs began to appear around him and
his assailant, who was still drawing little circles on his crest.

“Come on, Tenchi,” she said in a little winy voice. “Let’s ditch, Ayeka and
go play.”

“You will do no such thing you.. you... brazen hussy!” the angry female
voice cried out again.

This time, the woman on top of Tenchi did respond to the angry woman. She
floated up and off of Tenchi and turned on the purple haired woman who’s
face was slightly red with anger.

“Who asked you?” the woman yelled at the one called Ayeka, angrily. “Mind
your own business, you spoiled little brat.”

“Why you,” Ayeka raised her arms to call forth more power logs while the
other woman raised her hands and a ball of golden energy appeared in them.

“Ryoko! Ayeka! That’s enough!” Tenchi yelled as he got to his feet. “I would
like to get through one breakfast without something getting blown up.

Just then, a loud boom shock the whole Misaki house and a large, black cloud
of smoke came from what looked to be a coat closet but what really was,
Tenchi knew, Washu’s lad.

This sudden explosion caused Tenchi to sweat drop and Ayeka and Ryoko to
stop fighting. Flowing the black smoke was a petite pink hair girl who
looked to be around twelve years old.

“Miss Washu are you alright?” asked a blue haired girl of eight as she came
rushing out of the kitchen to see what all the noise was about.

“Of course I am,” Washu smiled. “I expected that to happen. I am the
greatest scientific genus in the universe!” Washu cried out and pointed a
finger into the air as she began to laugh hysterically. “Anyway,” she began
again, after the laughter had subsided, “Since my latest experiment just
exploded, I decided to come and see what you fixed for breakfast Sasami.”

“Oh, good, you really don’t eat enough, Miss Washu,” Sasami said as she lead
the others to the kitchen to eat breakfast.

Tenchi saw that Mihoshi, a ditzy blonde with a great tan, his father and his
grandfather where already sitting at the table. The cabbit, Ryo-oh-ki,
jumped onto the table where Sasami sat down.

After everyone sat down and began to eat, Mihoshi and Ryoko stuffing their
faces, Sasami looked at Washu. “So, what are you working on now, Miss.
Washu?” she asked between bits of the delicious food she herself had
prepared.

“Welllllll,” Washu drew out her word and then took at deep breath, “I was
working on trying to find out who this Lady Tokimi was when an idea for a
super power fuel made from lopheum rocks from the planet Sofegen came to me.
Of course I knew lopheum rocks are very unstable so I did expect them to
explode. If I can figure out a way to keep them from exploding, it would
make great, and tasty, fuel for Ryo-oh-ki here.” Washu laughed again at her
genus.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Nigi looked up the her view screen when the it began to flash. “Yes, you
have a reading,” she smiled to herself and looked at the map that had come
up. “Earth? The Star of Death and Rebirth is on Earth?” Nigi asked, though
she didn’t expect an answer. But why would something as powerful as the Star
of Death and Rebirth be on a no where planet like Earth?

“Find then, to Earth,” she said, and her ship sped up into hyper drive as it
headed for the middle of no where and a place called Earth.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Meanwhile, on a planet on the far side of the universe, a woman with teal
hair screamed out, “Mihoshi, if I ever get off of this planet, I am going to
KILL YOU!!!”

Just then, she saw it, a ship. A Galaxy Police ship!
“Yes,” she cried out. “Someone up there likes me!”

“Hey, hey, down here!” the teal haired waved her arms wildly. The ship,
miraculously enough, it saw her and landed.

“Thank goodness,” she said as she ran up to the ship. “First class detective
Kiyone.” she said and saluted the captain of the ship.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

A ship called the Ryuu-oh-ki flew toward Earth at a remarkable speed. “We
are almost there little one,” said a hooded woman as she laid down the baby
in her arms.

Just then, something very powerful hit the ship. The hooded woman nearly
fell over and the baby began to cry. The woman picked the baby up and ran to
the cockpit of the Ryuu-oh-ki.

“Ryuu-oh-ki! Shields up! Counter attack now!” she cried out as she tried to
sooth the baby by bouncing her up and down genially in her arms.

Just then the face of a woman with light purple, spiky hair appeared on the
view screen of the Ryuu-oh-ki. “I am Nigi, champion of the Lady Tokimi.
Surrender the Star of Death and Rebirth at once and you shall live.”

“I don’t know what you are talking about!” the woman yelled at Nigi, who
merely laughed.

“I know you have it, now give it to me,” Nigi said in a cold voice. “You
cannot fight me and win. So don’t even try.”

“I don’t know what you are talking about!” the woman insisted again.

“So be it,” Nigi said and then her picture disappeared and the next thing
the hooded woman knew was that her ship had exploded and she was falling
very quickly to the planet Earth.

The woman ran to one of her space pods. It wouldn’t protect her from all of
the impact of the landing, but she hoped it would lesson the blow. Then, all
was dark to the woman as well as the child, for they both lost consciousness
as they entered the Earth’s atmosphere.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Tenchi was working in the fields when he saw an object fall from the sky.
“What the...” he asked himself as he ran to see what it was. ‘It looked like
it landed in the lake next to the great tree,’ Tenchi thought to himself as
he hurried his pace.

When he arrived at the tree that had once been the great ship Funaho, Tenchi
saw a silvery pod at it bass. That pod appeared to be cracked in two. Tenchi
stepped slowly forward to take a closer look inside.

There he saw a baby held in the arms of a woman. A woman who looked just
like... “Ryoko!” Tenchi cried.