Disclaimer: None of the original characters are mine. This includes Nigi. I
simply changed Nigi a bit for my fic. I liked her character and I wanted to
bring her into this one. This is my first FanFic ever. I hope you like it.
Also, Risuzu is simply a spaceship, not a cabbit ship. Thank you. I hope you
all enjoy the fic. Write me please and tell me what you think at
ryuuko_chan@yahoo.com



Deep in the heart of space, the bounty hunter, Nigi, flew in her ship,
Risuzu. The bounty hunt ran a hand through her spiky purple hair. Just then
the transparent form of an old man with white hair and a red jewel on his
head, appeared on her view screen.

“Who are you? What do you want?” Nigi asked defensively.

“I am D3 and I am here for the Lady Tokimi,” the figure said to the hunter.
“She wishes to see you. She has a job for you, Nigi.”

“I’m not cheep,” Nigi said, pretending she was not interested in this job.

“Oh, you will be paid and paid well,” D3 told the woman and then, the world
was dark to Nigi.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

Meanwhile, on Earth, in the Masaki household, Washu was in her lad, working
very hard at her computer. “Now, who could this Tokimi be?” she asked
herself. “I haven’t been able to come up with anything on her.” The cute,
little, pink-haired scientist worked for a few more minutes before she
pushed away from her computer.

“I don’t know what is wrong,” Washu said in frustration. “She should be
here. I have the most advance technological system in the entire universe.
Why isn’t she here?”

Washu thought for a few more moments. “Humm... that could work. I’ll try
that.” Washu went back to her computer and typed in a few more commands for
the computer to look for on the mysterious Tokimi as well as a few other
things.

~*~*~*~*~*~*~

When Nigi woke, she was in a strange room. The room didn’t seem to have any
doors. In the middle of this large vast of metal walls, was a golden throne.

“What is this,” Nigi cried out in anger. “Where am I?”

“You are in my throne room, Nigi,” said a sweet voice as a figure slowly
began to appear.

The figure was that of a beautiful woman. She had markings on her face, Nigi
was not sure if they were painted there like the royal family of Jurai did
or if they where true emblem of power markings.

“Who are you?” Nigi said and reached for her blaster.

“I wouldn’t do that,” the woman said and raised a hand from underneath her
robes. “I am Lady Tokimi and I want you to be my champion.”

“What? Champion?” Nigi looked around, looking for someway to get away from
this nut case.

“Yes, my champion. I can give you get powers, powers beyond your
imagination.” Lady Tokimi said and a light surrounded Nigi making the woman
feel the power Tokimi was offering her. “Do you feel it, Nigi? Do you feel
all the power I could give you? This is only a fraction of it. Will you be
my champion? Will you take the power?”

“What’s the catch?” Nigi asked, trying desperately not to show how much she
wanted this power. “What do you want in return?”
“Not much,” Lady Tokimi promised in her sweetly evil voice. “Just your
loyalty, your service. I want you to be my warrior. You will attack my
enemies and protect me at all cost.”

Nigi was completely taken by the power that surged all around her as well as
by Tokimi’s sweet enticing voice.

“I’ll do it,” she herd herself saying. “I will be your champion.”

A smile flickered on Tokimi’s lips and the light that surrounded Nigi
intensified. The purple haired woman screamed out in pain as her body felt
as if it where on fire.

When the light cleared away, Nigi stood before Tokimi in a black champion
outfit. Tokimi began to laugh as she thought of what her sisters would do
now.

“My first task for you, Nigi, is that you bring me the Star of Death and
Rebirth. With it, my powers shall exceed that of both my sisters’ combined.”
Tokimi said with an evil smile.

“Yes, milady,” Nigi bowed to her new mistress and then disappeared,
reappearing in her spaceship. “Risuzu, I wish you to locate the Star of
Death and Rebirth.” Nigi ordered her ship. The Risuzu’s computer’s buzzed as
it began to try and locate the legendary star.

~*~*~*~*~*~

A woman, draped from head to toe in a black, hooded cape, stood in her ship
call the Ryuu-oh-ki. She suddenly felt a cold presence with her, turning her
blood to ice in her veins. She clutched the baby in her arms to her chest
protectively.

“Don’t worry, Ohtori, I will protect you. I promise.” the woman valued to
the sleeping child.

“Ryuu-oh-ki,” the woman spoke to her ship, which meowed back her. “Set a
course for Earth. There is someone there I must see.”
“Meeeoooowwww!” the ship cried and then they went into hyper drive.
