Disclaimer: None of the original characters are mine. This includes Nigi. I
simply changed Nigi a bit for my fic. I liked her character and I wanted to
bring her into this one. This is my first FanFic ever. I hope you like it.
Also, Risuzu is simply a spaceship, not a cabbit ship. Ohtori and Ryuuko are
my characters. If you want to use them, please ask me first. Thank you. I
hope you all enjoy the fic. Write me please and tell me what you think at
ryuuko_chan@yahoo.com



               Tenchi Muyo! The Secret of the Three Goddesses

         Episode Three: Two Ryokos!?! The Stranger from the Skies!

“Ryoko!” Tenchi cried out at the sight of the unconscious woman who looked
so much like a space pirate he knew.

“You called, lover boy?” said a voice from behind Tenchi as a pair of
familiar arms raped around Tenchi’s neck.

“R-R-Ryoko?” Tenchi asked nervously.

“Of course, silly,” Ryoko said as she floated in front of Tenchi. “Who else
do you know as beautiful as me?” she asked, batting her eyes.

Tenchi didn’t say a word, just pointed to a spot behind Ryoko. She turned to
see what he was pointing at and saw a woman who could have been her mirror
image if not for the fact that the woman’s hair was sea-foam green while
Ryoko’s was bluish-green.

“What is this?” Ryoko cried out angrily. “Tenchi! Who is this?”

“I-I-I don’t know, Ryoko,” Tenchi said and stepped back a bit from Ryoko’s
anger.

“W-Washu,” said a very weak voice. Tenchi and Ryoko turned to see that the
woman’s eyes where partly opened and she was talking very softly and very
strained. “I must find Washu.”

“Washu? What do you want with Washu?” Ryoko yelled at the young woman but it
did her know good, for Ryoko’s mirror image had fallen back to sleep.

“Ryoko, have a heart,” Tenchi admonished the ex-space pirate. “She is hurt
and she has a baby with her. If she needs to see Washu, we should take her
there.”

“Find,” Ryoko said gruffly. Then, mainly because she didn’t want this woman
near Tenchi, Ryoko bent down and teleported herself, the woman, and the baby
into Washu’s lab.

“Washu!” Ryoko called out for the little scientist.

“It’s mom to you young lady,” Washu said as she sent a small electric volt
at Ryoko from out of no where.

“Awww! Fine, MOM, this girl wanted to see you!” Ryoko said angrily.

“Who-” Washu’s voice trailed off as she looked at the woman who lay on the
floor of her lab. “Ryuuko,” she breathed the name as her eyes grew wide.
“Can it really be you?”

Without thought, Washu began to type on her holo-computer. Instantly a
portal opened and a gurney appeared out of it.

“Hurry, pick her up and place her on the gurney, Ryoko,” Washu ordered.

At the uncharacteristic seriousness in Washu’s voice, Ryoko complied without
a word. Washu had taken the baby and put her in a crib she had summoned up.

Washu then went to the woman. “Ryoko, let me see one of your power gems,”
Washu told her daughter after she took a good look at the woman.

“Why?”

“Because, Ryuuko has drained all of her energy and your gem can help
replenish her own.” Washu said getting frustrated.

Ryoko gave Washu the gem she wore as an ear-ring and then she noticed that
the other woman also had gems. Two. One on her own ear and one on her wrist.

“Washu, who is this?” Ryoko asked, completely in shock now as she watched
her pink haired mother released some of the energy from Ryoko’s gem into
both of the other woman’s gems.

After she was done, Washu then turned to Ryoko. “I think you better sit
down, Ryoko. I have something very important to tell you.” Washu type
something into her holo-computer and a chair appeared from behind Ryoko from
a portal.

Ryoko sat in it, knowing her mother would not continue until she had done
so.

“Alright... now,” Washu took a deep breath and began. “This is your twin
sister, Ryuuko, the dragon child.”

“What?” Ryoko cried and shock and would have jumped to her feet if straps
had not shot from it and kept her in her place. “What do you mean, Washu?”

Washu was so deep in thought that she did not realize that Ryoko had not
called her “mom.” She took another deep breath and continued. “As you
already know, I created you because of Kagato. I made you out of mass and my
own ova. What you didn’t know, was that the ova split in two, thus, making
you a twin. Kagato took you away from me, but I kept Ryuuko and I did a few
more experiments. She is like you in just about every way, except she also
has some dragon DNA in her genes. You can summon demons much better then
she, but she has fire power. Thus, you are Ryoko, the Demon Summoner, and
she is Ryuuko, the Dragon Child. After you both grew up and Kagato had you
doing all of those horrible things, I sent Ryuuko away, out into space. I
knew she could take care of herself, but, before I could send you away as
well, Kagato placed me in the mirror world on his ship. I am sorry I never
told you, Ryoko, but, I never thought I would see her again.”

Washu’s seriousness left almost as soon as it came. “And now that we are all
together again,” she said in a very child like voice. “We can be one big
happy family!”

Before Ryoko could respond to any of it, they heard a soft voice, the same
on Ryoko had heard at the great tree, though stronger now, spoke up. “Washu,
I need your help.”

“I am here, Ryuuko,” Washu said and moved to the side of her other daughter.

“Ohtori?!?” Ryuuko cried out suddenly, panic showing in her eyes. “Where is
Ohtori?”

“Ohtori?” Washu thought for a moment. “Do you mean the baby?”

“Yes, where is the baby? Where is Ohtori?” Ryuuko cried out again.

“Calm down,” Ryoko said. “Your kid is right here.”

“Thank you, lord,” she said and ran to the baby, not even noticing that the
one who spoke to her looked just like her.

“Ryuuko, what is it you needed to see me about?” Washu asked.

“Washu,” Ryuuko said.

“Call me ‘mom’,” Washu said wistfully.

This took Ryuuko back a moment, then Ryoko simply said, “Just do it, makes
life a whole lot simpler.”

“Right,” Ryuuko said slowly. “You must be Ryoko, the space pirate.”

“Yeah, that’s right and your twin sister as it seems,” Ryoko added.

“Yes, I figured that out some time ago though,” Ryuuko smiled at her mirror
image. “I knew much about you threw your wanted posters. I knew you where
created (“Given birth by,” Washu corrected) Washu and I knew Washu was my
creator (“Mother!” Washu exclaimed.).”

“I see,” Ryoko said not did not give much of a reaction because she was
still in shock at the knowledge she even HAD a twin sister.

“Anyway,” Ryuuko turned back to Washu. “I came to find you because of this
child, Ohtori.” Ryuuko showed Washu the baby in her hands, the baby that had
orangey-red hair and luminous red eyes.

“Am I a grandmother?” Washu asked happily as she took the baby from Ryuuko
and began to play with her.

“No... um... you see, Washu- er mother, Ohtori belongs to my...” Ryuuko’s
eyes grew sorrowful. “My friend, Rikage. He left her in my safe keeping... I
was wondering if I could stay with you for a little while. I do not wish to
keep her space because many people are after something that I have.”
“Is that why you where shot down from the sky?” Washu asked for she had seen
the attack from one of her hidden satellites in space.

“Yes, someone named Nigi attacked me in the name of Lady Tokimi. I don’t
know who this is, but I know she mustn’t get a hold of what she is looking
for,” Ryuuko said to Washu.

“Lady Tokimi!” Washu exclaimed.

“Yes, do you know of her?” Ryuuko asked Washu a little confused.

“Well, sort of...” Washu’s voice trailed off, she didn’t want to admit that
she didn’t know who Lady Tokimi was only that she was after Washu. “What was
Lady Tokimi after?” Washu changed the subject in hopes of finding some sort
of clue to the mysterious lady’s identity.

Ryuuko hesitated for a moment, torn between to tell them the truth or to lie
to them. “She was after this,” Ryuuko told Washu as she reached up and
unfastened a golden chain around her neck. Washu took the necklace from
Ryuuko and began to inspect the jewel on it. The jewel was very beautiful,
Washu had never seen anything like it before. It was a milky, ice blue
colour shaped like a tear drop. Two very thin golden straps crisscrossed the
jewel and attached it to the chain.

“I don’t understand,” Washu said at last. “It is very pretty, a fine piece,
I must say, but why would Lady Tokimi go to all the trouble of attacking you
just for this.”

Ryuuko took the necklace back from Washu as she began to explain. “This is
the legendary Star of Death and Rebirth,” she told them as she fastened it
back around her neck. “It is said to hold great powers. Legend has it-”
“Little Washu!” cried a voice, interrupting Ryuuko. They turned to see
Tenchi hurrying into the room. Tenchi seemed very out of breath as he
stumbled into the lab. “Is the woman alright, Little Washu?” Tenchi asked
coming to a halt in front of Washu.

“She’s fine, see,” Washu said in her childlike voice and pointed to Ryuuko.
“You made it just in time, Tenchi,” she went on, her voice lousing it‘s
childlike quality. “Ryuuko here was about to tell us about this Star of
hers. I think before we go one, however, we should go upstairs where the
others can here your story as well, Ryuuko.”

“Alright,” Ryuuko said, though it was plan she wasn’t too eager to meet new
people right then. She picked up baby Ohtori and fallowed the others out of
the lab and into the living area just the same, though.
