Disclaimer:  all of the characters in my story is from
Pioneer /AIC.  so, that means that i don't make money
from it.  well, maybe i made one up but that's it.
that's totally mine but i don't make money out of it.
now, this story is about Ryoko and Tenchi.  so, to the
people who hates Ryoko, i'm sorry but i love Ryoko and
Tenchi being together.  anyway, don't sue me for this.
 it's only a story that i made up.  now, let's go to
the story before i tell you everything.
Tenchi Muyo:  Seed of Revenge
        "Mommy, Where are we going?"  I asked as I looked at
my bags, packed.  I picked it up and took a little
peek.  Clothes, under wears, toothbrush, toothpaste...
everything seemed like it's in there.
        "are you trying to kick me out or something?" I asked
once more with a chuckle and staring at my bags.
Mommy came to my side and gave me a hug.
        "Ryochi, you're the most precious thing I ever had,"
she said gently, "and I don't want anything bad happen
to you.  I know you're 16 but I'm not sure if I can
leave you all alone."  I was puzzled.  As I listened
to her voice, I can hear the nervousness.  I never
heard her talk like that.
        "Mom, you shouldn't be worried about me.  with you by
my side, I'll always be safe.  You told me you're a
space pirate and I know you're pretty strong!"  I
threw a fake punch at her.
        "how about me?" asked the voice behind me.  it was my
dad.  "aren't you gonna say I'm strong too?"
        "oh dad!!"  I teased him.  "of course you're also
strong."  Both of my parents sat next to each other
and gave each other a kiss.
"Mom, dad," I called out,  "where are we going?"
My mom gazed at me.  "honey, you're not going with us.
 You're going somewhere else.  You're going to the
Masaki residence."
I looked bewildered.  "why am I going there?"
dad put his arm on my shoulder.  "Ryochi, we're going
to Jurai.  Azaka told me that Jurai is in trouble that
they need me and your mom."
I moved away and gazed at the stars.  "but why you,
though.  I know that you're a knight but it doesn't
mean that they need you.  there are a lot of soldiers
in Jurai that can beat them.
"you can't go mom, dad."  I cried.  I don't know why
this bothers me.
My mom knelt down in front of me and wiped the tears
away from my eyes.  "what makes you say that?  Is
there something bothering you about us going there?"
"I'd love you to go, I do." I said and hesitated.
"but I fear that something's gonna happen and I don't
like it."
"so, you think we're gonna die?" entered dad.  He has
those blue eyes that shows concern.  I just nodded my
head.  He laughed slightly.
"Ryochi, nothing's gonna happen to us.  We promise you
that we'll take care of ourselves."  He gave me a kiss
on the forehead.
I couldn't do anything.  All I have to do is trust
them.  They are pretty strong.  "if you're going, are
coming back for me?"
"of course!" my mom exclaimed.  "I won't leave you
there by your own and have fun, would I?"
those words lit me up.  "oh mom!!!"  I ran up to her
and gave her a big hug.  "I'm lucky you're my parents.
 "so, when am I going there and where is it?"
"the Masaki residence is built on Earth and we're
going to drop you off today." She replied as she
floated and carried my bags.
"but why?"
"because we want you to be safe while we're gone."
Daddy answered.
"my friends, Ryo-Ohki and your grandma is there, too!"
added Mom.  "I know they'll look after you."  I was
happy that I'll be seeing my grandma.  I never saw her
for about 17 years.
I was about to ask another question when mom stopped
me.  "enough questions, young lady.  we have to be
there before Tenchi gets home."  Whoever Tenchi and
Ryo-Ohki is, I don't know.
so, we all left our home and headed for Earth.  We
rode Yoga-Ami, our spaceship.  As we were flying, mom
gave me something special.  It was a locket that looks
like a scepter, a heart scepter with gem stones
surrounding it.
"this is so beautiful!!!"  I commented.  I gave them a
stern look.  "but why are you giving it to me?"
"when you were 5 months old, your dad and I wanted to
give this to you but then we were scared that you
might loose it.  Now, I know that you'll be
responsible."  She put it around my neck.  "it looks
good on you."  I took it away from my neck and looked
at it.  Somehow, I felt like something's in it.
"that locket came from a prince's daughter.  She gave
it to your mom before she died," dad notified me.
"and she told me to give it to my own kid." Mom
appended.
"is there something in it?" I asked as I put the
locket right back down.  My parents shrugged their
shoulders.
"the lady said there is but told us that you'll be
only one to open it." Dad riposted.
It was a long journey to Earth.  My parents were in
the cockpit and I was left in the living room,
sleeping.  While I was taking my nap, I was thrown
powerfully out of the couch.  Pondering what happened,
I ran out of the living room and went to see my
parents hoping they're okay.  When I got there, my
parents were laughing at me.
"what are you laughing at?" I asked terrified.
"you look like you've seen a ghost!" my mom cackled.
"I was thrown out of my couch and I thought something
happened to you!!!" I blurted out.  I saw a glimpse of
asteroids and stars rafting around our spaceship.
"are we here?"
"yup!!! We're here!" affirmed my dad.
This time, my mom's happy face seemed to vanish.  She
rubbed my face gently with her hand and started
crying.  She hugged me real tight not like before.  I
didn't bother to ask a question.
"Ryochi, take care of yourself.  we won't be able to
be there when you need us.  We'll always love you."
"I love you too!!!" I sobbed.  I didn't know that
saying a temporary goodbye would be too hard.  Dad
took my bags and gave me a hug.
"listen to your elders, okay?" he requested.  "and
have fun."
"I will dad." I said in a hoarse voice.  I stepped in
the transferring machine.  Before I got transferred to
Earth,  my mom called my name.
"when you get there, look for Tenchi Masaki!" she
yelled.
"okay." I answered and a blue light hugged me,
transferring me to Earth.
It was dark and crickets started croaking.  "am I
here?" I asked myself.  I saw myself lying on a
cemented staircase.  I stretched my body and combed my
long dark blue hair.  I have the same hair as my mom.
The scenery looks so beautiful but it'll look prettier
if the sun is up.  Just then, I heard footsteps and
somebody whistling behind me.  I was scared so I
didn't bother to look up.  I took my bag and hugged on
it real tight.  The person in front of me wasn't aware
that I was there.  Somehow, I landed on the staircase
after he stepped at where I was.
"oh my god!!!  What am I going to do?" I asked myself.
 I was trembling with fear not knowing what to do.
"excuse me, but is your name Tenchi Masaki?" I asked
with a shaky voice.
the footsteps and whistle ceased.  I just sat there
waiting for the figure to come close me...
...when the footsteps ceased, I sat there waiting for
him or her to come down.  A minute later, footsteps
keep running back up the stairs as if it's in trouble
or something.  Then it stopped in front of me.  we
were facing each other.  He stared at me as if
something was in my face
"excuse me," I said and wiped my face.  "is there dirt
on my face?"  the figure didn't say a word.  Without a
warning, he hugged me so tight.
"Ryoko, I missed you so much!!!!  Why did you leave
me?? I-" he stopped because he heard me gasping for
air.
"I can't b-breathe!!!"  I said trying to get some air.
 Tenchi let go off me as I took some air.  "Phew!!!' I
sighed.
"I'm sorry," he apologized, "it's just that I missed
you, Ryoko.  Why did you leave me?"
I looked at him now knowing what to say.  "Tenchi, I'm
not Ryoko.  You're talking to the wrong person.  My
name is Ryochi not Ryoko."  He stared at me.  "and
what does 'I missed you' means?"  was there a thing
going on between my mom and Tenchi before I was born.
He knew I was going to ask a question but he
immediately changed the subject.
"b-but you just look... Washu!!!" he yelled.  I was
just dumbfounded.
"who's Washu?" I asked as I carried my stuffs.  He
turned to me and didn't say a word.  He just left me
there hanging.  "Thanks for your help, TENCHI!!!"
I followed him.  It was a long walk.  When we got
there, he banged the door.  His face was peachy red.
There were five girls sitting on the porch.
"Hi Tenchi!" they all greeted in unison.  One of the
girls with a purple hair kinda tied up went to him and
gave him on a kiss on the cheek.
"So, how was your day, Ten-" she stopped when she saw
me.  "Ryoko!!!  What are you doing here?"  she asked
and turned to Tenchi.  "Tenchi, explain yourself!!!"
"Ayeka it's not what you think and I wanna know what's
going on here" he turned to a little girl with pink
hair.  "Little Washu, how could you do this?  Why did
you make another Ryoko?  You know that nobody could
take her place!!!"  Little Washu looks younger than
me.
Little Washu looked thunderstruck.  "what are you
talking about?  I didn't make another Ryoko and I'm
not going to!"  Ayeka, Tenchi and Little Washu started
to argue then two girls started to stop them.  While
they were arguing, a little girl with two pigtails and
a cabbit on her head came up to me and introduced
herself.
"Hi!  My name is Sasami and this is Ryo-Ohki.  What's
your name?"
I stared at Ryo-Ohki.  "that name sounds familiar." I
whispered to myself.  Then, I realized Sasami was
talking to me.  she handed her hand for me to shake.
I shook it.
"oh, sorry!  My name is Ryochi." I smiled.
"you do look like Ryoko."  She noted.  "what are you
doing here on a remote planet like this?"  Ryo-Ohki
jumped from Sasami's head and laded on my head.
"well. My parents told me that they're going to a
battle and I have to stay here at the Masaki's." I
stopped and looked around.  "this is the Masaki
residence, right?"
Sasami giggled because of my expression.  "yup!  This
is it!"
"so, do you live here?"  I asked as I patted
Ryo-Ohki's head.  It seems like she likes it.
Sasami nodded her head.  "we come here every spring
and stay here until summer.  it used to be the six of
us..."  her voice trailed off then she continued off.
"Kiyone and Mihoshi are from the Galaxy Police.  They
were asked to patrol the solar system.  Little Washu
is a mad scientist, mother of Ryo-Ohki and Ryoko.  She
looks like she's 12 but she's older than what you
think."  I couldn't understand the last name but I
didn't bother to ask her.  "Ayeka and me are from
Jurai.  We're princesses."  There are things that are
familiar but I just can't remember it.
I bowed as low as I could when I heard that she was a
princess.  "I'm sorry, your highness."
"MEOW!!!" purred Ryo-Ohki because she was falling.
"ohhh..."  she started scratching my head.  "cut it
out, Ryo-Ohki!!  I didn't mean to let you fall on the
ground."  I picked her up and carried it.
"Ryo-Ohki!!!  That was rude of you."  Sasami scolded
her and she took her from me.  "now, you have to
apologize to her."
Ryo-Ohki started meowing as if I understand what she
is saying.  Well, I do understand her.  "that's okay.
I'm sorry too."  The smile on Ryo-Ohki's face came
back.
"you know what, Ryochi, you don't have to bow.  Nobody
knows that we're royalties.  Here, everybody's equal.
Tenchi and grandpa are also royalties but they don't
like to be called 'prince'." She noted.  "so, who are
your parents?"
"Kamidake and Ryoko." I answered.  All of a sudden,
the argument ceased.  All eyes were on me.  "what did
I say?"
"Ryoko is your mom?" asked Kiyone.
"and Kamidake is you dad?" added Ayeka.  "the Jurai
knight?" I nodded my head.
"then that means that Kamidake is..." Mihoshi paused
and thought for a word.  "then that means that..."
"that what?" asked Sasami.
"Ryoko and Kamidake are married!!" she responded.  All
of us fell on the ground because of her answer.
"Mihoshi!!!" cried Kiyone.  "how could you be my
partner!!?"
"a space pirate?  Having a daughter?" laughed Ayeka.
"this is funny!!!"  Little Washu came to me and gave
me a hug.  She was shorter than me and she looked
younger.
"so, this is my granddaughter.  She does look like
Ryoko but she doesn't look like Kamidake at all."
When I heard that she was my grandma, I was shocked.
She looks young to be one.
When she saw my expression, she explained it to me.
"I'm 20, 000 yrs. old but I wanna look younger." And
she winked after that.  I can see a lonely expression
before that but I don't know why.
They all nodded their heads.  "she looked more
like..."  they all looked at Tenchi.  "Uh-huh!!!"
they all nodded.
"she looked like Tenchi!!!" announced Mihoshi.  "could
it be that Tenchi is the father?!"  Tenchi and Ayeka
were dumbfounded and looked at each other.  A nerve
seemed to pop out of Aeka's forehead.
Tenchi was shocked to hear what they said.  but he
didn't say a word.
Little Washu took Ryo-Ohki on top of my head.  "this
is Ryo-Ohki, your mom's sister."
"that's why you're familiar!" I snapped.  "my mom
mentioned your name before I landed here."
"why won't we all go inside and have some tea?" Kiyone
suggested.
"that's a nice idea!" clapped Mihoshi.  "Sasami makes
a good tea and rice cake, too!!!"  Kiyone helped me
with my bags and we all entered the house leaving
Tenchi and Ayeka outside.
"so, how's Ryoko?" asked Sasami as she poured tea on
my cup.
"she's doing great."  I answered.  "But she's kinda
strict.  She'd let me do all my homeworks, chores and
wouldn't let me stay late unless weekend is coming or
I have a vacation."
"is she hurting you or something?" asked Kiyone.
She's a cop and naturally, cops don't trust their
criminals but I would hate it if she still thinks she
is.
"no.  she doesn't even watch violent movies.  She
doesn't tolerate it.  She grounds me if I watch those
kind of shows." I told them.
"well, I guess she totally changed!" grandma snapped
excitedly.  "I can't wait to see her!"
"she said that she's coming here and maybe stay here
for a vacation with everybody." I mentioned.
"are you adopted or something?" asked Ayeka.  "and how
old are you?"
I don't like the way Ayeka approached me and asked me
that question straight on my face.  "I am not adopted
and I'm 16."
"how could you be sure?" Ayeka asked once more.
"well, dad recorded the time I was born.  He recorded
the day I was delivered.  I can show it to you, if you
want!"  everybody looked disgusted.  They think the
way I was delivered was like the way humans do.  "it's
not what you think.  I was delivered in another
planet.  what you're thinking about is not applied in
planet Mikash."
"there's the answer.  Ryochi is not Tenchi's daughter.
 She's 16 and Tenchi is 17." Grimaced Ayeka.
"I don't know, Ayeka." Shrugged Mihoshi.  "what if
she's the real daughter of Ryoko and Tenchi who came
from the future and Ryoko was brainwashed for some
reasons? Or maybe yet-"
"MIHOSHI!  For crying out loud, that can't happen!!"
bellowed Ayeka, shaking her.
"well, that can happen, Ayeka!  We might not know."
cleared Little Washu.  "Ryoko might have been
brainwashed thinking that she has a 16 year old girl
or we might have been brought to the future."
"what?"  Tenchi was confused.  "if we were brought in
the future, how come I'm only 17.  Should I be like 33
or something?  if she's my daughter then I should be
older than her?"
"Tenchi, you too!!!  How could you believe them?!"
asked Ayeka, astonished.
I just laughed.  "you guys are lost!!  We're not in
the future and I didn't come from the future."  I
enlightened them.  Kiyone was about to ask another
question when I interrupted her.  "and I'm not
adopted!"...
"okay, whatever you say, Ryochi"  Kiyone ridged her
eyebrow.  When I looked at Ayeka, I remembered to give
Tenchi something.
"here, Mom and I really worked hard on this."  I
handed it to him.  it was a kimono.
"Wow!!!  This looks new!!  Thank you!!!!"  he
commented.
"well, mom worked on it during her leisure time.  I
kinda helped her out.  She also said sorry for ripping
it out.  She pricked her fingers a lot of time and she
stayed in the hospital for a week because of that."  I
added.  He came up to me and gave me hug.
"thanks for repairing it.  I didn't expect your mom to
do all this work.  I forgave her already and it
happened a long time ago."  when he hugged me, I felt
different.  It was like as if I knew him all my life.
"well, she said that you really loved this kimono and
it reminded you of your mom." I smiled.  Ayeka looked
really mad.
"so, where did Kamidake and Ryoko go?" asked Sasami as
she bit her rice cake.
"she said that they're going to planet Jurai, I think.
 They said there's something going on that they needed
them so badly." I responded.  Suddenly, princess Ayeka
bolted out of her seat.
"what are you talking about?" she asked as she pulled
my collar.
"I-I don't know, your highness."  I stammered because
I was scared.  "they just told me that Jurai is at
war. "Azaka called and told them that they needed
help."  Tenchi pulled her from me.
"Ayeka, calm down, will ya?  You're scaring her!"  he
saw that I was shaking.
"where did Azaka call?" asked Kiyone.  I felt like
there's something wrong but I answered her honestly.
"from Jurai because I was the one who answered it."
"that's weird," concluded Kiyone.  "there's no phone
here that can reach planet Mikash."
"well, what if we don't know that our phones are
connected to Mikash!"  Mihoshi shared her
what-if-theory.
"MIHOSHI!!!  Our phones aren't connected to Mikash!"
hollered Tenchi.
I went next to Kiyone.  "how did she end up in the
Galaxy Police?"
"beats me."  Kiyone murmured.
"well, why won't we ask Azaka?" suggested Little
Washu.  She doesn't want me calling her grandma.
"Azaka?"
Just then, a man with a white beard appeared before
us.  "yes?  If you're asking about dinner, it'll be on
the table in an hour."
"thank you but we're not going to ask about dinner."
Sasami shook her head.  "we wanna know if you sent
Kamidake a message about going to Jurai."
"I haven't talked to him ever since we came here."
Azaka responded.  "he just left without a trace."
"well, in front of us is his daughter.  he's married
to Ryoko."  Ayeka filled him in.  "anyway, we called
you here because their daughter said that you sent
them a message telling them that Jurai is at war."
"what?!  I was never informed about that and I never
called Kamidake.  I don't even know where he is!!"
when we heard that he didn't send any message to my
folks, I was alarmed.  I clamped my mouth.
"this couldn't be happening!!!" I cried.  I tried to
avoid the tears because I don't really know what's
going on.  Suddenly, a hologram appeared.  The face
was blocked but we could hear the voice clearly.
"you don't have to know my name but if Ryochi is
there, surrender her to me.  I want her with me right
now.  I'll give you two days to come here.  If you
don't, her parents will be dead."  Then, he showed my
parents all tied up and trapped in a jail.
"Ryochi, don't give up!!!  Just stay there!!!"  yelled
my dad.  Just then, he was electrocuted.
"DADDY!!"  I yelled hysterically.  "let them go!!!"
"nope, wrong answer!!!" he shook his head and index
finger.  Then, he electrocuted my mom.  Somehow, I was
electrocuted too.  Piercing scream swarmed around the
room.
"AHHHH...."  I screamed.  The electricity flowed on my
body.
"RYOCHI!!!" they all cried.  They couldn't do
anything.  If they pour water on me, I'll be dead.
"stop it!!" Tenchi clamored.  The electrocution was
put to an end.
"Tenchi, take care of Ryochi, please!!!" she begged
and she fainted.
"mommy..."  I raised my hand up and tears rolled down
my face and I fainted, too.
NARRATOR'S P.O.V
"That won't be the only thing that she'll take from
me!!!  she'll be dead with the rest of her family if
you won't listen."  Then, the hologram disappeared.
They all rushed to Ryochi who was unconscious.
"get some water, quick!" ordered Kiyone.  Sasami and
Mihoshi ran outside and came back carrying a pail of
water.  Kiyone took it and poured it on Ryochi's body.
 Smoke came out of her body.  The electrocution didn't
seem to burn Ryochi at all but made her unconscious.
Tenchi carried her and put her on the couch.
"what a rude thing to do!!!" shouted Little Washu.
"she's only a kid.  What do they want anyway?"
"what's with all the commotion?" asked Katsuhito.  His
real name is Yosho, the prince of Jurai but on Earth,
he is a Shinto priest.  He is also the grandpa of
Tenchi.  "I heard a scream in my office."  He fixed
his eyeglass on eyed at Ryochi.  "and who is she?"
"Grandpa, this is Ryochi, Ryoko's daughter."  Aeka
said in a whisper.
He looked at Little Washu.  "so, you have a
granddaughter."  His face became serious.  He saw
Ryochi on the couch, wet.  "what happened here?"  Aeka
started to explain.
"a mysterious man appeared on a hologram and told us
to surrender Ryochi to him.  he didn't tell us the
reason why.  The, he started electrifying her parents.
 When he electrified Ryoko, her daughter was
electrified too."
"Ryoko and Kamidake are in Jurai.  They got a message
from Jurai telling that they needed them and this
turned out to be a trap."  Kiyone came in.
"poor Ryochi," entered Sasami.  "can't we do anything
to help her out?"
"Ryo-Ohki can't transform from what happened last
week."  Little Washu answered
"and Kagami is still in the middle of repairment."
Added Mihoshi.  "oh, Ryochi."
"who could be in this?" asked Ayeka.  "when we left
Jurai, we killed Kagato."
"did we?" asked grandpa.  "what if he's back to life?"
"that's impossible!" gulped Tenchi.  "he died in front
of me."
"we don't exactly know."  Grandpa looked troubled.
"all we have to do is go to Jurai."
"are you insane?" asked the voice from the door.  It
was Nobuyuki, Tenchi's dad.  "when we went there, we
almost got killed and I almost got laid off of my
job!!!  We're not going back!"
"for your information, we are not.  They are!" pointed
Ayeka at the rest of them.  "they wanted to go back to
Jurai to save Ryoko and Kamidake.  I said we don't
need to go there.  They might be holding them as a
bait.  And Ryoko is a space pirate."
"Ayeka, how could you be so selfish!" scolded her
little sister.  "Ryochi needs our help to save her
parents and we can't just abandon her."  Tenchi
scooped his arms on Ayeka.
"Ryoko is one of the family and we can't abandon her.
Sasami's also right."  Ayeka turned away.  She looked
as if she was hurt from what Tenchi said.
"don't you remember that Ryoko also saved you many
times before?" broached Kiyone.  "we just can't let
her die there.  She's our friend."
"all I could say is that we have to go back and that's
final!"  grandpa concluded.  Ayeka and Nobuyuki tried
to disagree but Tenchi, Little Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone,
Sasami and even Ryo-Ohki didn't listen to their pleas.
"even though I'm scared, I wanna help Ryochi save her
parents!" said Mihoshi with a stern voice.
"even you, Ryo-Ohki?" asked Nobuyuki with puppy dog
eyes.
"ME-OW!" the cabbit whirred.
"of course!!  She's gonna save her sister!!!  Good
girl!!"  Little Washu stroke Ryo-Ohki's fur and she
gave her a carrot.
"great!!  Now, everybody wants to go back to Jurai!"
Nobuyuki didn't want to go back because he was scared.
 He almost got killed.
"why won't we all go to sleep?" suggested Sasami as
she yawned.  "it's already 9:00 and you two are waking
up early!"
"where would Ryochi sleep?" asked Kiyone.  "the room's
full."
Tenchi scratched his head.  "we can't let her stay
here in the living room.  Why not put her in my room?"
"WHAT!" bellowed Ayeka.  "I know she's the daughter of
Ryoko and I won't allow this!"  she folded her arms.
"what are you thinking, Ayeka?" asked Little Washu.
"she's my granddaughter and I don't think she'd do
such a thing.  Well, whatever you're thinking.  I know
she's the daughter of Ryoko but they're way
different."
Tenchi moved his head to Ryochi.  "Little Washu is
right.  Ryochi nor I will do something atrocious.
Sasami was in my room and you didn't say no or
something.  everybody's equal to me so don't worry.
If she's my daughter or not, I have to look after her
because that's what Ryoko told me."  he didn't wait
for another word to come out from Ayeka's mouth.
He scooped Ryochi with his sturdy muscles and carried
her to his room.  Sasami and Mihoshi carried Ryochi's
bag.
When Tenchi put her on the bed, his clothes were wet.
"will you guys change her clothes?  She's soaking wet.
 When you're finish with that, call me so we can
change the bed sheet."  He went to his closet and took
some clothes out and left the room.  He went to the
bathroom and changed.  While Mihoshi and Sasami were
changing Ryochi, Tenchi went out.  He sat on the porch
thinking.
"could Ryochi be my daughter?" he whispered to
himself.  "she does look like me a little...  hmmm...
I have to save her mother...Ryoko haven't changed yet
but she...  I have to know the truth..."  somehow
Tenchi was really puzzled.  He doesn't want to have a
daughter.  but if he's the father, then he has to take
action.  Suddenly, he was interrupted by Washu's
presence.
"what are you doing here, Tenchi?" asked Little Washu.
 "thinking whether Ryochi is your daughter?"
"n-not really!" he denied.  "I'm just worried about
Ryoko, that's all."
"well, I don't see anything wrong about that."  She
shrugged.  "at least she's your..."
"Little Washu, please don't tell anybody about my
relation with Ryoko.  Nobody knows about it, only you
know it.  I'm just scared that Aeka might just blow on
me."
"why not tell the truth?"
"oh yeah and let her blow on me! that's ridiculous!"
he made a face.  "she thinks too much about us."
Silence took over the place.
"it's your problem and I can't do anything.  But if
you need anything, I'll be happy to help."  Little
Washu said finally.  "well, I have to go to sleep."
"good night." He said and Little Washu left.  Fifteen
minutes after Little Washu left, Tenchi decided to go
in.  he found Ryochi coming out of the bathroom hair
wrapped with a big towel and using her pj's.
"are you okay now? Tenchi asked with a concerned
voice.
"a little." Ryochi answered as she put the last button
on.  "I feel a little queasy any other than that, I'm
fine."  As she took another step, she almost fell.
"I thought so.  You haven't fully recovered yet.  Let
me help you."  he put his arm around her waist and
assisted her to the his room.  When they were in front
of the door, he saw Ayeka.  She glared at him and
left.  "ahw..." he sighed and opened the door.
"you can sleep on the bed," he offered.  "I'll sleep
on the floor."
"are you sure.  I can sleep on the floor." opposed
Ryochi.  "I'm only a guest."
"no, that's okay."  He took a comforter out of the
closet and spread it on the floor.
"thanks for everything." Smiled Ryochi.  "good night."
 then, lights off.
RYOCHI'S P.O.V
        Before Tenchi went to bed, he stared at Ryochi.  Her
face reminded him of Ryoko.  He surely do miss the
space pirate.  "I don't understand why she left." He
said to himself and went to sleep.
"Ryochi, wake up.  Come on!!!  Get out of your bed.
It's already 7:00.  You don't want to make your dad
mad, do you?"  I looked around me.  the place looks
different.  The sun was shining bright, birds
chirping, people laughing outside; some are working,
children playing, women gossiping; trees with perfect
color and everything.  I took my blanket off and I saw
myself wearing a kimono my mom and I worked on.
"Why am I-"  I was interrupted by the laughter of the
people in front of me that I don't even know.
Tenchi was at the head of the table, which is a
rectangular shape.  I was sitting at his left and mom
was at his right. In front of Tenchi was a man with a
long black hair kinda tied up.  He also has a big
afro.  There were 14 people including me.  I saw
Sasami and Aeka and everybody is unknown.  I saw a
seat unoccupied but none of them seemed to notice it.
I also noticed that a lady was looking at me.  she
also smiled at me.  she just looked like Tenchi.  She
was sitting next to a guy, maybe her husband.  They
were just laughing and sharing their jokes.  Instead
of telling them, I joined in.
        Just then, shattered glasses and plates were heard.
People screaming and fire started to swarm the place.
I could see some soldiers attacking us.  the others
tried to protect themselves but they failed.  They all
died.
Suddenly, a soldier came to me.  he took his sword and
was about to swing his sword at me.  "MOMMY!!!" I
clamored.  I closed my eyes.  As I opened my eyes, I
saw myself floating on the air.  It was mom.
"what's going on?" I asked.  "why are they trying to
attack us?"
she was about to answer my question when she saw
Tenchi.  He was fighting 20 soldiers.  "TENCHI!!!" she
yelled.  She let go off me since I can fly by my own.
She turned to me and said, "Ryochi, find some place
safe.  I'll come back for you."
"Mom!!!  Don't go!!"  I cried.  I tried to pull her
but she's too strong for me.
"Ryochi, I can't leave your dad!  So, GO!!"  I didn't
want to listen to her but I have to.  She left me and
went back to the palace.  The next thing I saw was
that Tenchi and mommy lost.  Blood was on their
bodies.
"MOMMY!!!' I screamed.  Just then, I felt somebody
shaking me.
"Ryochi!!  Wake up!!!  You're dreaming!!"  it was
Tenchi who was waking me up.
I opened my eyes and looked around.  Everything was
different.  It was dark and I only saw Tenchi next to
me.  no soldiers, blood and people around me.  I was
sweating continuously.  I hugged Tenchi and cried on
his shoulder.  "it was horrible!"
he stroke my hair slowly comforting me.  "don't cry!
Everything will be okay.  Shhhh!!!!  It's only a
dream."
"it's a nightmare.  You, mommy and everybody died!"  I
couldn't calm down.  Tenchi tried to but it won't
work.
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Aeka, ,Sasami, Little Washu; just
everybody burst in Tenchi's room.  "what happened in
here?  And why is she crying?" asked Little Washu as
she came to my side and helped Tenchi.
"she was dreaming," he told them.  he turned and
looked at me.  "would you like to tell us about your
dream?"  I was scared to but then I gave up and wiped
my tears away.
"I saw myself in a room.  The place was full of trees.
 I think they're like the trees outside."  I pointed.
"those are funahos." Grandpa mouthed.  "very beautiful
trees."  I nodded my head and kept on going.
"anyway, I saw mommy waking me up for breakfast.  When
I took off my blanket, I saw myself wearing that
kimono." I indicated.  I was about to begin to tell my
story when I heard somebody snoring.  It was Mihoshi.
They all looked at her and then looked at me.  so, I
kept on going.
"then, I found myself at a table facing 13 people.  I
should be 14 but one of them wasn't there.  I found
Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami and you!!"  I pointed at a man I
don't know.
"Me?"  the man repeated.  I nodded my head.
"what is Nobuyuki doing in your dream?"  asked an old
man.  I didn't answer him because I don't know who he
was until Tenchi introduced him.  "Ryochi, this is my
grandpa, Katsuhito and this is my dad, Nobuyuki."
"Nice to meet you, sirs."  I bowed to them to show my
pleasure of meeting them then I answered grandpa's
question.  "I don't know but I saw a lady sitting next
to him.  the lady seemed to know me and she was
smiling at me."  I started describing her.
"she has dark purple hair with brown eyes just like
Tenchi!"  then I snapped my fingers.  "why won't I
just draw the people I saw?"  I took 14 papers and
started drawing their faces.  I can vividly remember
their faces.  It took me half an hour to finish it.  I
showed them the pictures and they all gasped at the
same time.
"are you sure you saw these people?" asked grandpa.  I
nodded my head again.
"well, all these people are from Jurai." Informed
little Washu.  "the royal family of Jurai." She added.
"she got my face perfect.  Don't I just look cute?"
chuckled Nobuyuki.  "can I keep it?"
"sure, Mr. Masaki."  I smiled at him.
"dad, this isn't about your picture. This is about her
dream."  He pointed at me.
"right."  His father agreed.
"that's lady Achika and Nobuyuki, Tenchi's parents."
Sasami stated.  "and this is mom and dad."
"and that's Aunt Funaho, Tenchi's grandmother, Itsuki,
Yosho, me, Sasami,Mommy, Daddy, Tenchi, Ryoko..." she
stopped.  "what is Ryoko doing here?  she's not a part
of the Jurai royal family."
"nor me." I added.  I could hear the hatred in her
voice but I just let it go.  I know that mom will be
mad at me if I tried to fight her.
Since Kiyone heard the tense in my voice, she talked
to Little Washu about something then turned to all of
us.  "I know Ayeka doesn't believe Ryochi's story nor
any one of us.  Well, I do a little." She declared.
"why won't Little Washu use her machine on you to see
what your dream was all about?"
"well, what can you say, Ryochi?" asked Little Washu.
I didn't want to but I wanna prove to Ayeka that I
wasn't lying so I gave up.
"okay."  Little Washu started to type on an invisible
computer.  Even though we can't see it, we can here
keys clicking.  Suddenly, a machine appeared in front
of me.
"sit right here." She ordered and I followed.  When I
sat down, she put a hat like device and she started
fixing it.  A projector showed up and my dream started
to roll.  The dream was pretty clear.  When my mom
showed up, tears rolled down my face.  I couldn't bear
watching her being killed by some barbarian soldiers.
After the show, Little Washu took off the device.
Then, I heard Sasami crying.
"Ryochi, that was a nightmare." She cried.  "how could
those soldiers kill us?"
"at least, she was safe." Noticed Nobuyuki.
"my question is that why isn't Kamidake in there?
Isn't he your father?" asked Kiyone.  Nobody nor I
answered her question.  When I looked back at my
dream, she was right.
"now, do you believe me?" I asked Ayeka.  She didn't
say a word.  She just left the room.  I wanted to cry.
 I know it's hard to believe my dream but to me it's
not.
I hid my face on my hands and cried hysterically.  The
death of my mom was stuck in my head.  "I tried to
stop her, I did but she won't listen to me!" I sobbed.
 "I tried!!!"  Little Washu took me in her arm and
stroked my hair gently.  I rested my head on her left
shoulder.
"shhh... don't cry.  Nothing's gonna happen to your
parents nor us.  It was only a dream.  Forget about
the dream and go to sleep.  We'll be doing some stuffs
tomorrow."
It was already 12:30 in the morning.  Nobody went to
sleep except me, Sasami and Mihoshi.  We were sleeping
soundly.
NARRATOR'S P.O.V
While the three were sleeping, they were talking about
Ryochi's weird dream.  "do you think Kagato or whoever
it was, was serious?"
"I also end up in that same question."  Concluded
grandpa.  "all we have to do is check it out."
"are we going to talk about this again?" complained
Nobuyuki.  "this time, Tenchi and I are not going and
that is final.  Right son?"  he knew that his son
won't listen but he tried it the second time to
persuade him in not going.
"well, dad you see, I'm a part of the royal family,
so, you know..."  his dad's plan didn't work.
"okay!  Okay!!  You don't have to throw it on my
face!"  he babbled.  "you can go but I'm not going!"
"That's fine with us, Nobuyuki." Said Little Washu.
"but don't blame us when the Jurai soldiers come here
and cut your head off..."  she laughed devilishly.
"well, I heard that Juraians are pretty mean.  They
don't like people who don't listen to them."
emphasized Kiyone.  "is that true, grandpa?"
all of a sudden, electricity was off.  Grandfather was
holding a candle near to his chest and the light
reflected on its eyeglass.  Smoke started to come out
behind him.  (it was Little Washu and grandpa's idea
to scare Nobuyuki.).
"well, we take their heads off and feed it to dogs.
We sometimes feed them alive to hungry dogs.  We
always carry them around."  He said slowly, narrowing
his eyes.  "I have a story if you want to hear it."
He stated joyfully.  He even started without his
son-in-law's permission.
"once upon a time, a..."  he was interrupted by
Nobuyuki.
"okay!!  I'm going!!  I promise.  Just stop it!!"  he
yelled.  "are you that desperate to let me go with
you?  I'll just be in your way."
"you're totally right!" agreed Little Washu.  "but we
don't want you being killed here on earth and we won't
be here to protect you..."  Nobuyuki smiled not
knowing that Little Washu wasn't finish yet.  "we
would be even happier if you die with us on space."
When Nobuyuki heard the last sentence, he froze.
"how could you!!!" clamored Nobuyuki.  They just
smiled.
"dad, Little Washu was only joking." Smiled his son.
"and grandpa was only joking about his story!" added
Kiyone, snickering.  Nobuyuki was about to say another
word when she stopped him.  "uh-uh!!  You promised you
are going!"  he just sighed.
It was already 1:00 and everybody decided to go back
to sleep since they saw Ryochi doing okay.
After 41/2 hours of sleep, Ryo-Ohki and Sasami woke
up.  They tried to be quiet not to wake up anybody but
then Ryochi heard them whispering.  She got out of the
bed and followed them.  they were heading for the
kitchen.
"good morning!"  she greeted them.  both of them
slightly jumped.
"me-ow!" purred Ryo-Ohki.  She ran to Ryochi and went
on top of her head.
"hi Ryochi!  It's only 5:30 in the morning.  Go back
to sleep."  Sasami was cooking food and preparing
breakfast and lunch.
"whose lunch is that for?"  Ryochi asked as she helped
out in washing the dishes.
"that's for Tenchi and his dad." she replied as she
folded the napkins and put it in their lunches.
"there!"
"you do this everyday?" she asked.  Sasami nodded her
head.  "well, I wanna help.  what should I do?"
"you can clean the family and living room if you
want."  Sasami suggested.
So, Ryochi took a wiping clothe and started dusting.
She also wiped the floor.  She picked all the litters
and fixed everything.  now, the house is spic and
span.
"wow!!!"  clapped Tenchi.  "I'm impressed.  I never
thought that you'll be cleaning the house."
"I did it to show my gratitude." She smiled.
Exactly 6:00 in the morning, all of them woke up and
took a bath.  The girls has their own bathroom which
is a pool but the boys can't get in unless a girl from
the pool opens the door.  It's not surprising that
Little Washu created it.  The pool is behind the
bathroom.
RYOCHI'S P.O.V
the girls and I took a bath at once.  After 30
minutes, all of us went to the table and started
eating breakfast.
"so, where are we going today? asked Mihoshi as she
took 5 rice cakes.
"we have to go to a grocery store."  Sasami informed
them.  "we don't have any rice left.  We don't even
have salt and cleaning detergents."
"well, shopping it is!" clapped Kiyone.  "do you wanna
go with us?" she asked looking at me.
"that's okay.  Thanks for asking anyway."  I said as I
munched.
"why won't we all go together?" questioned Tenchi.
"since I'm going to school."  They all nodded their
heads.
"will you be okay though?" asked Nobuyuki.  "I mean,
everybody's going out and father will be at the
shrine.
"I'll just be fine, Mr. Masaki."  I grinned.
After eating breakfast, all of them were preparing to
leave the house.  they fixed the table before leaving.
"okay, Ryochi, we're going!"  Ayeka told me.  "now be
careful and don't do any silly things."
"Ayeka..." called out Tenchi as if he was embarrassed.
 When I was fixing the table, I saw something on the
floor.  It looks like a sword's handle.
"hmmm... who could it be?" I scratched my head.  "it
might be Tenchi's.  I have to give it back to him."  I
picked it up and started running to catch up with
Tenchi.
"Tenchi!"  I yelled out breathlessly.  They all
stopped and looked at me.
I showed them what I was holding.  "I saw this lying
on the ground and I thought it's yours."
instead of taking it from me, they all gasped.  "how
could you touch that thing?" asked Ayeka.  "only us
could touch that.  I mean the Juraians, the royal
family."  She said proudly.
"you don't have to throw it on me..." I mumbled.
"did you say anything?" she questioned with doubtful
eyes.
"uh-uh."  I nodded my head.  "I just picked up the
sword, that's all."
"that's weird," said Little Washu as she stared at me.
 "you guys go along.  I'll stay with Ryochi and do
some experimenting myself."  She looked at me.  "shall
we go?"  I nodded my head as an answer.
"but don't scare her though!"  smiled Tenchi, teasing
Little Washu.
"don't worry!"  she answered back.  I followed Little
Washu.  As we were getting in the woods, we heard
footsteps.  Both of us stopped and listened; we didn't
hear anything.  We only heard the wind.  She decided
to fly but then something got her.  she was wrapped in
an orange goo.  Juraian soldier surrounded us.
"what the..."  I looked around me and at Little Washu.
 "let her go!!"  I cried; they didn't listen to me.
they just stared at me and started attacking.  I tried
to run away from them but then I got hit; I got mad.
I screamed and blue light came out of me.
NARRATOR'S P.O.V
When Tenchi and the girls were about leave the shrine
when they heard a loud scream around the woods.
"what was that?" asked Mihoshi looking around her.
"I'm scared!!"  she ran to Kiyone and hugged her real
tight.
"MIHOSHI!!  Let go off me!!!"  she pushed Mihoshi's
face away from her body.  Still, Mihoshi won't let go.
"it looks like it's Ryochi."  Sasami concluded.  They
were thunderstruck.  "and what is that blue light over
there?"  she pointed.
"that looks like the light hawk wings."  Tenchi
answered as he analyzed the blue light shining.
"RYOCHI!!!"  they all said in unison.  They all ran
back to go and check Ryochi.
In the other hand, Ryochi was holding a blue lighted
sword.  Some of the soldiers got hit and every time
they got hit, they all disappeared.  They all left
taking Little Washu and leaving Ryochi.
"COME BACK!"  she yelled at them but none of them
listened to her plea.  "come back!!!  Come back..."
she fell on the ground crying and the blue light
disappeared.
Just then, Tenchi and the girls appeared.  They saw
Ryochi crying.
"What happened?" asked Tenchi, kneeling.
"they took Little Washu with them!" she cried.  "it's
all my fault.  I should have saved her."
"don't blame yourself." Advised Sasami.  "you tried
your hardest."  She put her arms around her and
comforted her.
"who are 'them'?" asked Kiyone.
"JURAIANS!!"  she blurted out.
This time, Ayeka got even more mad.  "how could you
accuse them?!  you don't even know who they are?!"
"so, you're calling me a liar?!  I know how they
look!" Ryochi answered back and stood up.  "how could
you cover them up when they did it?!"  she slapped
Ryochi on the face without a warning.
"Ayeka!"  shouted Tenchi.  He looked at Ryochi.
Ryochi clenched her fist, tears flowing and ran away.
She dropped a ring on the ground but she never noticed
it.  "Ryochi, come back!'  he yelled but the girl
didn't listen.
Sasami looked at her older sister.  "how could you
slap her like that?!  Ever since she came here, you
were pretty tough on her.  she never did anything to
upset you.  she's not Ryoko so don't put your anger on
her."
Something caught Mihoshi's eyes.  She knelt down an
picked it up.  It was a ring.  "hmmm... this ring
looks familiar."  She scratched her head.  "hey!
Kiyone, didn't we see this ring before?"
Kiyone took the ring from Mihoshi and scrutinized it.
"it does look familiar."  Then she snapped her
fingers.  "Ryochi was telling the truth after all.
Ayeka, this ring is a Juraian ring."  She handed it to
Ayeka.  She was embarrassed of what she did to Ryochi.
 She looked at Tenchi and he left them.
in the other hand, Ryochi headed for the lake.  It was
peaceful and nobody was there to disturb her from
thinking.
RYOCHI'S P.O.V
ever since I came here, everything turned so
complicated.  My parents were taken away for no reason
and they took Little Washu with them.  I feel like I'm
left all alone.  My family isn't here with me.  I'm
left with people I kinda know.  Ayeka is giving me a
hard time and the rest, they're okay  and Tenchi,
well, I feel like I'm connected to him.  I feel like I
met him before.  I'm not in love but I feel weird
inside.  Just then, I heard Tenchi's footstep.
"why are you still here?" I asked him not looking at
him.  "shouldn't you be in school?"
"oh...  how did you know it was me?" he asked as he
sat next to me.
"I can smell you." I replied as I hid my face on my
arms.  Silence took over the place.  Tenchi knows that
I'm gloomy about everything and he didn't say a word.
"Ryochi, I'm sorry about what Ayeka did to you.  she
just didn't like it when you accused the soldiers in
her planet."
"but I wasn't lying!"  I was so upset.  I started
crying again.
"I know."  he chuckled.  "I guess Ryoko's really
teaching you pretty stuffs she never did before when
she was here."
"how could things end up like this?" I wept.  "she
never did anything against anybody.  Why did they take
my whole family leaving me here?"  Tenchi took me to
his shoulder for me to cry on.
"I know it's pretty hard and I know they're still
there.  I wish we could save them but we don't have
the ship to use."  He paused.  "but don't worry...
we're gonna find a ship."  I pulled my head off from
Tenchi and started sniffing.  There's something spying
us; I could smell it.  I started sniffing.
"is there a problem?" Tenchi asked and inhaled.  He
smelled himself.  "I don't think it's me."
I chortled.  "of course not, silly.  I smell something
else."  I gestured my hand as if I'm holding a sword
then the blue light sword came out.  I caught a
glimpse of a guy behind a tree.  It was a Juraian.
"Argh..."  I ran towards the tree and jumped, swung my
sword.  I opened my eyes thinking that I got him but I
didn't.  I found myself lying flat on the ground.
Grandpa stopped me from killing the Juraian.
"we don't allow any killing here." Stated Grandpa.  I
just sighed and looked at the soldier.  I grabbed him.
"where's my grandma?!"  I asked yelling at him.
"calm down, Ryochi." Declared Tenchi.  "well, ask him
questions inside."  He took me and led me to the
house.  Grandpa picked the soldier and took him to the
house.  when we got there, grandpa put him on a chair
and acted as the judge.  The girls acted as a jury.
Tenchi and I acted as the questionnaire or the layers.
"were you or were you not spying on us?" he asked as
he walked to and fro in front of him.
"well, you can say that I'm spying but in..."  he
couldn't continue because I came in.
"so you're saying that you did spy on us.  But why?" I
asked, pointing my finger at him.
"because I'm looking for Princess Sasami, Princess
Ayeka and Lord Tenchi." He responded.
"so, you think you'd find those people here?" asked
grandpa.
The lad nodded  his head, agreeing.  "Azaka told me to
investigate Jurai." He began.  "I saw 3 people
captured.  A man with a red hair and two ladies.  one
has a pink hair and the other one just looks like
her!" he pointed quickly.  "all of them are in jail
and I heard that they'll be killed the next day after
tomorrow."
All of them were alarmed.  "quiet!!"  ordered Grandpa.
 He started slamming his wooden hammer.  "I think I'm
getting the hang of this."  everybody closed their
mouths.
"how do we know you're not lying?" asked Sasami.
The lad thought for a minute.  "I don't how to but I
came here for one purpose and that is to search for
the royalties to help us out.  Everybody, including
me, we're counting on them.  Prince Yosho is trying to
kill all of us."
The girls looked at grandpa.  "but Prince Yosho is..."
 Mihoshi tried to say something but Kiyone clamped her
mouth before she could.
"she meant that Prince Yosho is young to be the
emperor."  Kiyone answered quickly.  "where's King
Azusa?"
"well, they were all trapped somewhere.  I heard they
were put in an amber." He said sadly.
"with my parents-" I said monotonously.  I rushed to
the Juraian and pulled his clothes.  "are you telling
the truth?!"
"y-yes!  I-I swear!"  he spattered.
I took my hand off him and started falling on the
floor slowly.  "this is..."
the Juraian felt sorry that he put his hand on my
shoulder.  "I'm sorry about you're family and I'm here
to help you out, Ryochi." He said tediously.
Nobody mentioned my name in front of him.  "my name is
Ranma Saotome."  He offered his hand for me to shake.
Instead, I just stared at him.
"how do you know my name?" I asked.  "and what do you
mean you're here to help?"
he chortled a little.  "I heard your mom talking about
you and saying that she hopes that Tenchi is looking
after you.  she even hoped that none of the royalties
are being captured because they're their only hope
that's why I came here to find them but I guess I
can't.  I think Jurai will just come to its end."
"don't say that!" uttered Sasami.  "I'm princess
Sasami and this is Ayeka.  The guy on your right is
Tenchi." She indicated.
Ranma bowed down.  "we really need your help.
everything is at stake and we don't know how long we
can stay."  He turned to me.  "and I swore that I'm
gonna protect you."
"what are you talking about?!  I'm not part of them."
I giggled.
"I feel like I have to and the emperor wanted to find
you so badly and we don't know why.  All of the
soldiers that came before me were paid to kill you.
they turned into mercenaries."
"oh my god!!!" gulped Mihoshi.  "we have to take
Ryochi out of here!!!"  she started panicking.
"get a hold of yourself, Mihoshi!" said Kiyone to her.
 "we have to save Ryoko, though but we don't have any
ship to ride on."
"I have a spaceship outside and I think it's pretty
big for everybody.  This whole house can fit in
there."  Ranma offered.
"that's so kind of you, Ranma."  Praised Ayeka.  "I
couldn't believe you're going to save a space pirate."
"I'm glad he has a heart than other people who think
of their hatred at somebody!"  I fired back.  I sensed
Ayeka's mad.
"but before we go, we have to transport Nobuyuki
here."  Grandpa told us.
"don't worry about that!"  Ranma said.  "just tell me
where he is."  Grandpa wrote where he is and Ranma put
his hand on the paper.  Nobuyuki appeared in front of
us.  He acted as if he was tracing something.  he just
realized he was home when he saw Grandpa standing in
front of him.
"where am I?" he asked looking at us.
"you're home, Mr. Masaki!"  Mihoshi answered.  "we're
going to Jurai!"
"we are?"  then we were all transported in the ship.
Everybody made themselves feel at home, then the ship
blasted off.  "there goes my paycheck!!"  cried
Nobuyuki.
"dad," comforted his son.  "it's not that bad.  When
the company lay you off, you can still find another
job."  This time, his father cried even louder.
"uh...  dad, if you need anything, I'll be with
grandpa."  He left in a hurry. When Tenchi went to his
grandfather, grandpa showed his a wooden sword.
Tenchi understood what Grandpa was up to.  "grandpa,
we're in a spaceship and besides, I didn't carry
mine."
"that's okay because I brought three," grandpa
notified. And took the sticks behind him.
"man!" Tenchi sighed.  "you'll never give up huh?"
grandpa nodded his head.  "let's start!"  he snapped
his fingers and wooden cylinders came out of the
spaceship.
Tenchi stepped on it and threw a wood up high.  He
started hitting on it and moving at the same time.  He
has to step on the cylinders with balance.  If he
falls, he has to start all over again.  He was doing
great until Mihoshi distracted him.
"Tenchi, you're awesome!!!" she smiled.  He looked at
her and smiled back.  He forgot that he was training.
Suddenly, the wood struck Tenchi's face and fell on
the ground on his butt.
"thanks, Mihoshi!" he said with an annoying voice.
"you're welcome, Tenchi and grandpa.  I love helping!"
 she stood up and left the two.  Tenchi looked at
grandpa who was laughing.
"don't blame her, Tenchi!" grandpa told him.  "you
should've focused on the wood even though Mihoshi was
talking to you."
"I'm sorry, grandpa." He apologized.
"now start all over again."  Before Tenchi threw the
little wood, I came in.  "grandpa, can I try?" I asked
politely.
"well, you have to learn the basics before you can
even touch a sword."  Tenchi said.
"whatever you say, Tenchi."  I took the sword from him
and took the wood and threw it.  I started hitting the
target.  All of them were impressed that they clapped
their hands.  As the target was way up, I jumped and
did a triple somersault.  It was broken into halves.
Tenchi stared at me and clapped his hand.
"Amazing!!!"  he said monotonously.
Just then, grandpa attacked me.  all I could do is
block his sword.  "what the heck are you doing?"
he didn't answer.  Instead, he kept right on.  Then,
he stopped.  He fell on the ground holding his tummy
and yelping.
"I'm sorry, grandpa," I apologized and dropped on my
knees.
"t-that's okay." He forgave me but I know he's in
pain.  "Wow!  I'm impressed.  Did Ryoko teach you
that?"
"nope!" I answered shaking my head.  "I just learned
it from watching Tenchi and you."
"and she handled the sword like a Juraian but she's
not like-"  Ayeka keeps on saying that I'm not a
Juraian and I just wanna shout at her.  Sasami stopped
me knowing that I'm furious.
"AYEKA!" she hollered.  "we all know that Ryochi isn't
one of us but you can't just keep on saying that!
It's so annoying!!
"Sasami, I'm just telling the truth!"  Ayeka reasoned.
"I don't care if you are!"  I shouted.  "I'm sick of
this!!  do you have to rub it on my face? Nobody cares
if you are!"  I never yelled to anybody like that.
Well, I yelled at Ayeka several times already but I
felt like I have to do it.
"if you wanna settle things with my mom, we con do it
right now!!'  I rolled up my sleeves as I prepared
myself to fight Ayeka.
"can't we just talk about this?" asked Nobuyuki
gulping in nervousness.  "maybe there's a
misunderstanding."
"oh no.  there isn't any misunderstanding!"  assured
Ayeka.
"Ayeka, is this because of Tenchi?"  Kiyone asked from
behind me.  "because when Ryoko was here, you two were
arguing about him. and now you're thinking that Ryochi
might be here to take him from you."
"w-what are you talking about?" Ayeka was blushing.
"o-of course n-not!!!"
"oh, is that so?"  I grimaced.  "well, you can have
him.  or better yet, you can marry him!!"
"I think Ryochi is right!"  Grandpa agreed.
"my son is growing up and getting older!" teased Mr.
Masaki.  "I never thought that girls will be crazy
about you.
"well, your son is cute!" giggled Mihoshi.
Ayeka gave her a stern look while I was cracking up.
Everything was just funny.
"is there something funny?" asked Kiyone.
I wiped the tears out of my eyes.  "n-nothing!" I
laughed.  "but let me get this straight.  So, Ayeka
and my mom were fighting because of..."  I hesitated
and snickered.  "...because of Tenchi?"
"it might sound funny but yes!" responded Sasami.
"they've been arguing about who's going to marry him."
I even laughed louder than before and looked at Ayeka.
 "Princess Ayeka," I said with a calm voice.  "if
you're mad at me because you think I like Tenchi, my
answer is no.  you can marry him if you like.  Maybe
right now.  He's like a father to me."  and left the
scene.
I went somewhere else, where no one can find me.
well, I was wrong.  I sat there and thought about what
I said to Ayeka and Tenchi.  I took a deep breath to
compose myself.  After that, I heard footsteps.  I
turned around and I saw Tenchi.
"I'm sorry."  I apologized. "I never had have said
that."
"you don't have to," he smiled.  "Everybody makes
mistake and I don't think u did that on purpose."
"uh-uh!"  I shook my head and looked at the stars.
"do you think my parents will be okay?"
"to tell you the truth, I don't know." he said slowly.
 "but don't worry.  We're gonna save your parents from
the vicious emperor."
"well, can you tell me how the hell did you meet my
mom?"
"your mom was a space pirate.  She was imprisoned in a
cave next to the shrine.  He told me not to go there
but I went anyway.  That's when I released her."
"did grandpa get mad at you?" I asked excitedly.
"well," he scratched his head.  "not really.  He
didn't know until he saw me holding this sword."  He
took his sword out of his pocket and showed it to me.
"anyway,  I met your mom in my school. I was sleeping
on the rooftop and she was watching me.  then she
started attacking me, telling me that she has to
because she was mad and she wanted to blame it on me.
she set the school on fire and I'm glad that nobody
found out who did it.  Suddenly, she disappeared and I
went home so that the police won't find me.  when I
took off my blanket, I found her sleeping on my bed.
"she's pretty but she's crazy!"  he concluded.  "but
she was there to help me though."
"the thing that bothers me is that why Princess Ayeka
is mad at her?"  I asked and paused.  "besides that
they're fighting because of you."
he didn't say a word at first but he looked at me
knowing that I really wanna know the truth.  "well,
you know that your mom was a space pirate.  She
attacked Jurai and a lot of people died and the planet
was destroyed."
"didn't they forget all about this?" I mentioned.
"well,  y-yeah.  But then Ayeka can't forgive her." he
answered slowly.  Just then, we heard Ayeka.
"Tenchi!!!  There you are!" she cried.  "what are you
doing here, Ryochi?" she asked as she hugged Tenchi.
"nothing.  I just came here to cool off a little."  I
responded.  I stood up and looked at the couple.  They
do look pretty good when they're together.  "well, I
gotta go."  and I left them and went somewhere else.
Without a warning, I collided into Ranma.  I was
pushed off to the side of the ship.  I nearly fell but
I managed to keep my balance.  Ranma got pushed a
little but not as hard as what I did.
"I'm so sorry!" I apologized.  "I didn't mean to.  Are
you okay."
"that's okay." He smiled.  "I didn't see you coming.
I should ask you that question, though.  you were
pretty thrown a little."  I just smiled at him saying
that I'm okay.  He stared at me as if I have some dirt
on my face.  Suddenly, I felt a hand touching my face.
 "is there something bothering you?"  I stared at his
beautiful blue eyes.  Then, I remembered that he was
talking to me.
"not really," I replied in a sad tone.  "I just wanna
get to Jurai and save my whole family."  A tear
titillated my face.  But Ranma brushed it away with
his thumb.
"don't cry.  We'll be there soon."  He smiled at me.
that smile makes me wanna kiss him.  I don't know what
I feel for him but it's pretty weird.
I shook my head and looked at him once more.  He was
staring at me.  as soon as I was about to speak, he
spoke up.
"ever since I saw you, I felt something weird towards
you..."  he paused as if he was embarrassed but he
kept right on.  "I tried to ignore it but every time I
closed my eyes, I see your face just smiling at me.
that's when I realized that..."  he stopped again and
looked away.  I felt uncomfortable of what he was
saying but I only listened to him.  awkwardness was
the feeling we both felt and none of us spoke.
Because I couldn't wait for a word to come out of his
mouth, I talked.  "realized that what?"
he looked at me with some kind of pity and astonished
eyes mixed together.  "Ryochi,"  he started.  "are you
trying to be clueless or you don't really know where
this will lead to?"
I stood there asking myself the same thing.  Am I
really trying to be clueless or do I know what he
really meant?  I knew that he was going to say he
likes me but I don't wanna be straight forward.  He
might think that I'm a conceited person.  In return to
his question, I didn't say anything.
"Ryochi, what I was trying to say is that...I love
you..."  the last three words were vague.  I just
narrowed my eyes at him with confusion.  I guess, he
noticed that.  His eyes widened up.
"I can't believe you!" he clamored.  "I said 'I love
you'.  aren't you just gonna say anything?"
"what do you want me to say?" I answered back.  But
deep inside I was astonished.  I couldn't believe he
said that.  I thought he'll just say that he likes me.
 I was dumbfounded, both of us were.  He came up to me
and put his two hands on my face as if he was ready to
kiss me.  he just stared at me when he heard Sasami.
"ahem..." she puffed.  "dinner is ready."  I moved my
face to my side and looked at her.  Ranma did the same
thing.  While he wasn't looking, I winked at Sasami
thanking her for saving me.  she just giggled and
left.
Ranma looked back at me and took his hands off.  He
huffed.  "I think we have to go then."
"right..." I answered not knowing what to say.  When
we were heading for the dinner table, we didn't talk
until we reached the table.
After eating and fixing the kitchen, we all went to
bed.  Sasami and I shared room.  When we settled in
the room, Sasami glanced at me.
"what just happened awhile ago when you and Ranma were
talking?" she asked putting her eyes on me.
"huh?  What do you mean 'what just happened?'?
nothing really happened.  We just both talked and..."
I shook my head at the same time.
"yeah right!" snorted Sasami.  "then why was he
holding your face?  Can you explain that to me?"
"Sasami, Sasami."  I repeated.  "he was just checking
if I was okay.  We both collided awhile ago."
"whatever you say, Ryochi but I can feel something
going on and I think it's..."  she looked at her side
and looked at me.  "LoVe!!"  she finished.
I threw my pillow at her.  "Sasami!!  What made you
think..."  Suddenly, the spaceship rocked abruptly and
red lights and alarm came off.  "what's going on?"  I
asked and jumped out of the bed.  Sasami clang to me
as we went to the cockpit.  We found Kiyone, Mihoshi,
Ayeka, Nobuyuki, Tenchi and grandpa next to Ranma
asking the same question that was on my mind.
"what's going on?" asked Mihoshi, crying.
"I thought you said the armies won't reach us here!"
charged Kiyone.  "how come there here trying to kill
us all!!"
"I don't know!" answered Ranma steering the ship.
Ayeka and Nobuyuki was helping him out.  "that's what
I thought but then they got our coordinates!"  I just
stood there for I don't know anything about engines.
"how could you not know?" grandpa asked calmly but
there was something disturbing in his voice.  he
sounded as if he was suspecting Ranma about something
I don't know.
"you sit here!" commanded Tenchi.  He pulled me and
strapped me to a chair so taut that I can't even move
my muscles.  "don't get out of the chair okay?!"  I
just nodded my head.  He treated me like a kid but
what can I do.
I looked at everybody and they were trying their
hardest to get away from the soldiers but I doubt it.
There were a lot of spaceships behind us trying to
kill us all.  Then I glanced at Ranma.  He was
sweating and contemplating of what to do.  he was
telling everybody what to do.  then, the last thing I
knew, we got hit.
I was lying on the ground but somebody was holding me.
 I saw a figure but I can't make it out.  "am I in
heaven?" I asked.  Without a warning, the figure
hugged me so tight.
"your alive!  Thank God your alive!"  the figure
declared.  I was bewildered of what was going on.
Then, I recognized the voice.  it was my mom.
"Mommy!"  I exclaimed.  I hugged her back.  "oh mommy
I missed you!"  I cried.  I couldn't stop myself.
Then I caught a sight of my dad.  "daddy!" I yelled.
He came to us and gave me and mom a hug.  "I thought
I'd never see you again.  What happened to you guys?!
Where's grandma?"  I looked around and I didn't see
her.
Mom loosened her grip of me.  "little Washu was taken
in another cell," she murmured.  I stood up and I saw
Mihoshi, Kiyone, Sasami, Ayeka, Grandpa, Nobuyuki...
"wait a minute!" I snapped.  "somebody's missing!"
"huh?  Who?" asked my dad.  "princess Ayeka and Sasami
are here as well as Prince Yosho, his son-in-law and
the two galaxy police.  Who could be..."
"Tenchi!!!"  both me and mom responded.  He wasn't in
the cell with us.  "where could he be?" I asked trying
to stand up but I was too weak.  I fell on the ground
but mom caught me.
"Ryochi, you aren't strong yet.  Please lay down."
Mom begged but I wouldn't listen to her.
"Tenchi's in t-trouble..." I said and became
unconscious.
*NARRATORS' POV*
Tenchi wasn't in the cell.  Instead, he's in the other
one next to theirs.  He woke up and found himself all
alone.  He sat up and felt the throbbing pain on his
head.  He reached for it and saw blood on his hand.
"owww!!!"  he yelped.  Then he looked around him.  it
was dark.  Only a small light brightened the small
room.  "where could the others be?" he asked himself.
"and how did I end up here?"  suddenly he remembered
what happened in the space ship.  They were attacked
by some Jurai soldiers.  Ayeka tried to talk to them
but they even attacked the princess.  He even tried to
save the others from being captured but he failed.  He
got nailed down by a soldier then everything went
blank.  Then he heard somebody meowing.
"Ryo-Ohki, is that you?"  he asked as he peeked
through the darkness.  The cabbit answered and ran to
Tenchi.  He grabbed Ryo-Ohki gently and looked at her
in the eye.
"do you know where the others went?" he asked her.
"meow...meow...meow...meow..."  Ryo-Ohki answered
breathlessly.
"meow...meow...meow..." Tenchi repeated.  "I wouldn't
understand what you're talking." He sighed and looked
at his right.  He wondered what was at the other side
of the wall but he wouldn't be able to know.  both
Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki just sat there and waited for an
idea to come up.
In the meanwhile, Ayeka and Ryoko were arguing.  "it's
all your fault!"  yelled Ayeka at Ryoko.  "if you
didn't answer that stupid message from some fake
Azaka, this wouldn't have happened!"
Ryoko stood up and handed her daughter to Kamidake.
"how did we know that it was a fake Azaka?  At least I
have the heart to help!"  she answered back.
"will you two calm down?" came in Little Washu.  She
got herself transported in the cell where we're in.
"you see that there are people who are hurt and needs
rest!!!"  she was right.  Sasami, Ryochi, and Mihoshi
are hurt and they needed some rest.  Little Washu and
Kamidake are watching over Ryochi, Kiyone is looking
after Mihoshi while Nobuyuki and Grandpa Katsuhito are
looking after Sasami.
"WE DON'T CARE!"  the two enemies replied and started
their arguments again.
In the other hand, Tenchi was resting on the ground
when he heard somebody arguing.  "can't they just
argue somewhere else?  Somebody's trying to sleep
here!"  he mumbled and turned around.  Ryo-Ohki even
started meowing at the wall.
"Ryo-Ohki, will you keep quiet?!" Tenchi commanded but
the cabbit won't even listen to him.  "Please?" he
begged but still, it won't listen to him.  he stood up
and looked at the wall.  Nothing was there for
Ryo-Ohki to meow for.
"what is it?" he asked the cabbit.  He thought that
Ryo-Ohki found something that might help them.
"meow...meow...meow..." the cabbit replied.  But even
though she kept on meowing, Tenchi couldn't understand
her.
"this is hopeless."  He finally said to himself.  Then
he looked once more at the wall.  It was full of
scratches but somehow they didn't hear Ryo-Ohki's
scratch.  He then knocked on it.  "does anybody hear
me there?  Hello?  Anybody?!"
Ayeka and Ryoko were still arguing.  While Little
Washu and her dad were taking care of her, she stood
up.  "Tenchi?" she whispered.  She rubbed her eyes and
looked at the wall.  She could hear somebody knocking.
 Well, she thinks she hears something.  with the
voices of her mom and Ayeka, she couldn't make it sure
if she hears somebody.  She stood up but Little Washu
stopped her.
"Ryochi, just rest.  You aren't strong yet."  But she
didn't listen to her grandma.  Instead, she walked
across the room.  Ryoko saw her daughter standing up,
walking.  She stopped and looked at what she was
doing.
She wanted to follow her but then Kamidake stopped
her.  "let her go."
anyway, Ryochi listened on the wall intensely.
"Tenchi, is that you?" she asked as she pushed her
ears close to the wall.  There was silence around the
room.
Tenchi heard somebody on the other wall.  He wasn't
sure whether to answer the voice but if he wouldn't he
won't know.  he patted Ryo-Ohki's head to tell her to
keep quiet.  She followed Tenchi and raised her right
ear and listened.
"Tenchi, this is Ryochi."  The voice said again.
Tenchi sighed in relief because it was Ryochi who
talked.
"Ryochi.  I'm glad to hear you.  it's Tenchi!"  he
finally answered.  When Ryoko and Ayeka heard Tenchi's
voice, they ran and went to the wall.  But Ryoko
didn't go all the way.  When she was half way, she
stopped.  She pulled away and went next to Kamidake.
She looked at him and took his hand and held on it
real tight.
"are you nervous?" her husband asked, looking at
Ryoko's eyes.
"what are you talking about?!"  Ryoko stated looking
back at Kamidake.  All he did was smile at her and
brushed her cyan hair.
Ayeka pushed Ryochi from the spot and started talking.
 Ryochi fell and Nobuyuki got her.  "are you okay?" he
asked, releasing her.
"yeah!"  she replied rubbing her arms.  She hated
Ayeka but what can she do?  the girl is head over
heels in love with Tenchi.
"Lord Tenchi, it's Ayeka!" she yelled with her high
pitched voice.  "we're gonna get you out there!"
"Okay!  But hurry up!"  He yelled.  "this room is
filthy and dark!"  he didn't care who would rescue him
but he wanted to get out of the cell he's in.
Ayeka looked around for something to use but there was
nothing to use to blast the wall.  When Ryochi knew
that Ayeka couldn't think of any idea, she went to the
wall.
"hey Tenchi, move away from the wall.  I'll blast it
from here!"  she warned him.  she put her hands on the
wall.
"okay!" he replied and moved away.  But before she
could blast it, Little Washu stopped her.
"if you do that, you'll drain the energy you have."
She told her.
"but Little Washu, Tenchi's in there." She reasoned.
"he's imprisoned like us and it wouldn't make any
difference if he comes..."  before she could finish
her sentence, the wall exploded.  Tiny bits flew off.
Everybody were pretty safe because Ryoko used a shield
to protect them from the explosion.
Tenchi and Ryo-Ohki's face appeared after the dirt
appeared.  He saw Ryochi standing and smiling at him.
at a split second, Ryochi fell on his arms.
"Ryochi!" he exclaimed.  "are you alright?"  the girl
didn't say any word.  Suddenly, Ryochi floated away
from his arms.  Tenchi was of course shocked because
Ryochi was flying away from his arms.  He then
realized that it was Kamidake who took her away from
Tenchi's arms.  Kamidake caught her and laid her down
on the ground wiping her face with a wiping cloth.
Ryoko bent down and helped Kamidake with their
daughter but she took a glance of Tenchi.  Both had an
eye contact.  Tenchi smiled at her but Ryoko looked
away before she could see him smile at her.  Tenchi
was sad to see Ryoko's reaction towards her.
suddenly, Ayeka ran to him.
"Tenchi!!!  I'm so glad to see you.  I thought you
were dead."  She hugged him really tight.
"I'm glad to see you too, Ayeka!" he said sullenly.
He then saw his father and grandfather taking care of
Sasami.  He also found Kiyone taking care of Mihoshi.
"what happened here?" he asked alarmed.
"well, we were in the cell with Ryoko, Kamidake and
Little Washu." Answered his father.  "and found that
Sasami, Mihoshi and Ryochi were unconscious.  I think
they were totally hurt from the attack awhile ago."
when Katsuhito brushed Sasami's hair, her eyes slowly
opened.
"where am I?" she asked and then started to panic.
"where's Ayeka?"  Ayeka ran to her sister to comfort
her.
"I'm here, Sasami and everything will be fine."  She
hugged her and whispered nice things to her so that
she won't panic again.  Even Ryo-Ohki jumped to her
side and started meowing her song.
"How's Mihoshi?" Grandpa Katsuhito asked looking at
Kiyone.
"she's okay now."  She answered with a grin.
In the other hand, Tenchi went to Ryoko since Ayeka
wasn't watching him and Kamidake wasn't there.  He was
checking the door.  Little Washu was next to her
daughter.  when she saw Tenchi coming to them, she
left Ryoko.
"I'm going to check Mihoshi's heart beat."  She told
her and left.  Ryoko was preoccupied with Ryochi.  Her
daughter was sweating.  Tenchi sat next to Ryoko.  The
young mother didn't even notice he was there.
"it must be hard taking care of an energetic teenager,
huh?" he started.  Ryoko slightly jumped.
"oh Tenchi!"  she exclaimed.  "I didn't know you were
there.  You scared me!"  she didn't look at him nor
smiled at him.  she just put her eyes on her
unconscious daughter.
"I'm sorry if I did." He apologized.  Then there was
silence.  When Ayeka saw them together, she got mad
and stood up but Kiyone stopped her.
"let them talk.  They haven't seen each other for a
long time." She informed the princess.  Ayeka looked
at the first class detective and pulled her arm.  She
listened to what Kiyone said and watched Tenchi and
Ryoko.  Even Kamidake saw Tenchi and Ryoko but he
didn't move.  Instead they let them talk for awhile.
He took Ryochi's hands and stared at her.  she looks
just like Ryoko.  "she looks pretty worn out." He
said.  Ryoko just nodded not knowing what to say.  It
was a long time ago that Tenchi and her talked and now
she's out of things to say.
"thanks for looking after Ryochi."  Ryoko finally
said.  "I would never forgive myself if something
happens to her."
"your welcome."  He whispered.  Silence came once
again.  "Ryoko, how come..." he paused.  He didn't
know whether to ask her the question.
"how come what?" Ryoko asked trying to find what
Tenchi was trying to ask her..
Tenchi hesitated for awhile before asking the
question.  "how come you left our house?"
Ryoko stopped and looked at Tenchi's brown eyes.  All
they did was stare at each others eyes.  Somehow,
Ayeka was jealous.
"TENCHI!" she blurted and walked towards them.
Ryoko giggled.  "I think your girlfriend is getting
jealous!  I think you have to head back before she
kills the both of us!"
"I think I should!" he smiled and once more look at
her.  he likes Ryoko but he couldn't because she's
already married to Kamidake and they already have a
child who happens to be Ryochi.  He shook his head and
went to Ayeka's side.
"why were you staring at Ryoko?" Ayeka blurted out.
She was angry than before.  She wanted Tenchi for
herself and not for the space pirate she despised for
a long time.
Tenchi turned red.  "n-nothing!" he sputtered and
scratched his head, laughing at the same time.
Kamidake went to Ryoko's side.  "so, what did he say?"
he asked, teasing her.
Ryoko looked at him.  "nothing!" she laughed and
looked at her daughter.  before Kamidake could ask a
question, she put her finger on the bottom of his
lips.  "don't."  whatever that was for, she didn't
want her daughter to know.
Kamidake clamped his mouth and changed the subject.
"I have an idea to get out of here." He informed
everybody.
"how?" asked Mihoshi.  She was doing fine already.  a
bandage was on her head.
"we can use Ryo-Ohki."  He replied.  "Ryo-Ohki?"  the
cabbit ran to Kamidake.  "can you transform?" he asked
politely.  Before she could answer, Sasami entered.
"she can't.  she was hurt the last time!" she
announced.  "you can't let Ryo-Ohki transform!" she
cried.
"don't worry Sasami."  Little Washu soothed her.
"she'll be fine."  Little Washu brushed her long hair.
Once again, Kamidake asked the same question.  This
time, Ryo-Ohki meowed.  He looked at Ryoko to know
what Ryo-Ohki said.
"she said that she will." Ryoko told him.
"Okay then."  Kamidake threw Ryo-Ohki and she suddenly
transformed.  The shield came off and the wall
exploded.  They're free!!!  "let's go everybody!!"  he
carried Ryochi and took Ryoko's hand.  Kiyone helped
Mihoshi while Grandpa and Nobuyuki helped Sasami.
Tenchi and Ayeka help hand in hand while Little Washu
took Ryo-Ohki.
"this will be worst nightmare!!!!"  cried Nobuyuki.
"I wish I was back in Earth!"
"if you stop whining, we'll be there!"  yelled his
father in law.  He held on Sasami's hand so that he
won't loose her.
"let's go this way!" bellowed Kiyone.
"are you sure?" asked Little Washu.  Kiyone nodded her
head.  Suddenly, they found themselves in a big room.
It looks like the throne room.  It was pretty dark and
there was a light showing two thrones and somebody was
sitting on it.
"well, well.  I see you got in here!"  the voice
chuckled.  "I thought you won't get out of here but I
underestimated you.  Attack them!"  soldiers appeared
from nowhere and they were surrounded.  Ryoko, Tenchi,
Katsuhito, and Ayeka walked forward.  Even Kiyone,
Washu and Mihoshi lunged forward.  Sasami and Ryochi
were left behind.  They were hidden in a safe place.
"ohhh... so you're gonna fight my soldiers, huh?
Let's see who's going to win!"  all the soldiers
attacked them.  swords were clutching each other,
cries were heard around the castle, bloods fell on the
floor and people dying. apparently, neither one from
the good side got hurt
"Kagato, you always loose and that's a fact!"  yelled
Katsuhito.  "you aren't and won't be the king of
Jurai!"
"is that so?!" chuckled Kagato.  A cry from Sasami was
heard that made everybody move their heads.
"Ryochi!" yelled Ryoko frantically.  She tried to run
to Sasami's side but then she got beaten by Kagato.
he used his power to strangle Ryoko.  She pulled the
imaginary rope but it kept on tightening and
tightening until she almost lost her air.  The others
couldn't do anything because the soldiers put a blade
on each other's throat.
The soldier swung his sword at Sasami.  Before the
sword could land on Sasami's skin, he was blasted
away.  Blue light shined on her.  she was wearing a
queer costume.  "nobody tries to hurt my family!"  the
lights became even brighter.  It swarmed the whole
place.  Her long her rose and it was flying freely.
She was holding a sword.
Ryoko fell down on the ground as Kagato let go off
her.  since Tenchi was next to her, he caught her and
held her on his arms.  He then looked at Kagato.
raging with anger, he raised his sword and ran towards
Kagato.  both of them were fighting.  A split second,
a loud crash was heard.  Tenchi lost.  He was thrown
on the side.
"Hahahaha!!!"  Kagato laughed.  "all of you are
dimwits!  You'll never win!!!"  he then raised his
hands and carried everybody and put them in a glass
case.  Even Sasami was in the case.
"Let us out of here!" cried Mihoshi, pounding her fist
on the case.  Even though they pounded it really hard,
nothing happened.
"it's hopeless!  We're gonna die!"  sobbed Nobuyuki.
"Tenchi, my son, I love you so much.  I won't see you
get married.  I won't even see you have a son or a
daughter.  I won't grow old like father!"  he looked
at grandpa who narrowed his eyes at him.
"Nobuyuki, we are not gonna die.  Ryochi's still
there."  Grandpa said calmly.
"grandpa, how could you say that?  She's only a kid!"
disagreed Ayeka.
"even though she's a kid, she knows how to behave
herself not like a rotten princess like you!"  Ryoko
was hurt by what Ayeka said about her daughter.
electricity from both side appeared.
"calm down you two!"  begged Tenchi.  Everything's
coming back again.  He could remember Ayeka and Ryoko
not getting along together and he missed that when
Ryoko left the Masaki residence.  "Ayeka, we have to
trust Ryochi.  And Ryoko, calm down!  Don't let your
temper get over you."
Ryoko just snorted and went to Kamidake's side.  "wait
a minute you guys!"  Mihoshi disturbed the silence.
"isn't that a blue hawk sword that Ryochi's using?
The same ones Tenchi is using?"
everybody observed Ryochi.  Mihoshi was right.  Ryochi
has the same sword as Tenchi's.
"and she also has the shield, the three sided shield."
 Added Kiyone.  "now, that's mysterious."
Everybody oohed and aahed but not Ryoko.  She just
hoped that nobody finds anything out.  She didn't
realize that her mother was talking to her.
"why did you keep this secret from me?  you know that
I'm your mother."  She was hurt learning the secret by
her own.  How couldn't her daughter not trust her at a
situation like this?  "why didn't you tell me that I
have a grand daughter and the father happens to be
Tenchi?  Why didn't you tell him?  how come you
married Kamidake?  You know that you love Tenchi!"
Ryoko was fed up with all the questions.  "now wait up
mom!"  she whooped.  "do you think this is easy on my
part as a mom?  I couldn't tell him the truth.  He's
in love with Ayeka and I wouldn't think he would take
full responsibility like Kamidake.  He was the one I
ran to when I needed help."  Ryoko was totally upset
that everybody was looking at them.  they didn't hear
any arguments but they knew that something was going
on between Little Washu and Ryoko.  Both of them just
closed their mouth and didn't say anything at each
other.
"how come you didn't tell us anything about your
daughter's power?" asked Kiyone.  "I didn't know she
has the same thing as Tenchi's."
"I don't know!" lied Ryoko.  "I think mom here made an
experiment on her."  Little Washu wanted to defend
herself but didn't mind to.  She instead ignored what
her daughter said so that the secret won't come out.
"Guys!"  clamored Nobuyuki and Sasami.  "isn't that
Ranma, the guy that said that he was gonna help us
out?  What is he doing there?"
Ranma was standing in the middle of the room facing
Ryochi.  Both looked at each other firmly.
*RYOCHI'S P.O.V*
I couldn't believe that Ranma is Kagato's son.  "how
could you do this to us?" I asked him.
"I have to follow my father's will." He murmured as
though he didn't mean to listen to his father.
"but why this?  why do you have to kill me?  I know
you don't have to."
"don't you see what your grandparents did to my
father?" he yelled and held on his sword real tight.
"he suffered from them, don't you see?  And it's
revenge that they can pay him."  he swung his sword on
me and I blocked it.  His sword laid on top of mine.
"grandparents?  Who is he talking about?" I said to
myself.  I don't really know what he was talking about
and why was he mad at me.
"do you know why he suffered from my grandparents?" I
asked not knowing what I just asked.  I swung my sword
up and kicked him on the tummy.  I was so sorry to do
that to him but I have to in order to live.  "and why
should I be the person that you have to put your anger
on?"
he looked at me and I looked at him too. Without a
warning, blood came dripping out of my face.  I
touched it and wiped it with my hands.  "go on!  Hit
me, Ranma."  I couldn't lay a hand on him.  I felt
really weird.
what is this that I'm feeling inside?  Is this hatred
or uncomfortableness I feel?  I just stood there and
waited for Ranma to do his move.  He stood there and a
minute later, he fell on the ground, kneeling and
crying.  I wanted to comfort him but I can't.
"I can't kill you." he said finally.  "I wanna end
this all up.  I saw a lot of people dying and I don't
want you to be one of them.  I saw my mom, my
relatives die in front of me because of my dad.  he
tried to destroy Jurai but he didn't succeed and he
took Ryoko and made her do the killing.  That is why
she was hated by Princess Ayeka but Ryoko didn't know
anything.  She couldn't do anything but to listen to
what my dad say."  He turned around and faced his
father.  "I hate you dad!  I hate you!"
a smirk just appeared on the father's face.  He shook
his head and laughed.  "my son, I thought you learned
things from me but I think I failed to teach you well.
 I taught you not to have a soft heart and it turned
out that you have a heart for this young lady her."
he stated.  "maybe if I kill your friend right
here..." he paused and laughed devilishly.  "you might
change."  He pointed at me as laser was coming at me.
I stood there, frozen.  I closed my eyes.  When I
opened it, Ranma was lying flat on the ground.  He was
shot.  He used his body as a blockade.  I ran up to
him.
"Ranma!" I cried and took him in my arms.  He opened
his eyes slowly.  He wanted to talk but I stopped him.
 "please don't talk.  Save your energy."  But he
didn't listen to me.
"I'm...sorry....if I blamed you for what they did to
my father..."  he hesitated to take some air.  "you're
right...he suffered because of what he did to the
Juraians...I hope your mom will forgive me..."  he
looked at my mom and gave her a weak smile.  He put
his hands and my wet face and wiped the tears away.
"no...don't cry, Ryochi...I don't deserve those
tears..."  he stopped and choked and coughed.  He was
going to die if he doesn't stop talking.
"Please Ranma, stop.  Don't talk.  I don't want you to
die."  I cried.  I put my hands on top of his and just
wanted him to touch my face.  "Ranma, when you asked
me if I love you, my answer is that I do."  I opened
my eyes and looked at him and there he was smiling at
me.  I gave him a kiss on the lips to show that I
really meant it.
"that's what I wanted to hear from you..." and his
voice trailed off.  His hand slipped away from my
hands.  He's dead.
"RANMA!!  No!!  don't go!!"  I embraced him so hard
that I was covered with blood.  After 2 minutes, I let
him go and faced Kagato.  "how could you even do that
to your son?  You're a worthless father!"  I yelled
and charged towards him.
"that's what I was waiting for!" he  laughed.
*NARRATOR'S P.O.V*
        "Ryochi!  No!"  Ryoko yelled.  There's no way that
her daughter could beat up Kagato.  "we have to save
her!"  she walked backwards and ran towards the wall
glass.  Her attempt failed.  She wanted to break the
glass but it was no use.  She tried it many times but
it didn't work.
"stop it Ryoko!" begged Tenchi.  "it's just gonna
break your shoulder."
"Why do you care?!"  she yelled at Ryoko.  "you can't
even save your own dau..."  she stopped almost
slipping the word 'daughter'.  "just leave me alone!"
she yelled.
Tenchi just stared at her knowing how she felt.  Ryoko
stood there just staring at her daughter hopelessly as
tears fell on her beautiful face.  He also looked at
what Ryoko was looking.
"I know how important Ryochi is and I totally know how
it feels when you loose somebody you love..."  he said
slowly.  "it totally hurts.  But you know what to do?"
 he lifted Ryoko's chin and look at her straight in
the eye.  Ryoko blushed a little but never took her
sight away from the first guy she ever loved.
"believe in your daughter.  she's a smart and strong
person just like her mom.  So, don't shed those
tears."  He wiped the tears away from her cheeks and
gave her a hug.  "I know for sure that she'll do
anything to save herself."
Ryoko hugged him back.  She snuggled herself on
Tenchi's warm body and didn't want to let go off him.
Ayeka was getting mad that tears were falling on her
cheeks.  "does he still love me?" she asked herself.
"or does he like Ryoko than me?"  just then, she felt
a tug on her kimono.
"are you okay, Ayeka?" asked her little sister.
"huh?" she wiped the tears away from her eyes wishing
it was Tenchi who was doing it.  "of course not!"  she
pouted.  "I'm just touched by what he said."  but deep
inside, she was hurt.  She couldn't stand seeing
Tenchi and Ryoko hugging each other.  Even though
Tenchi and Ayeka were engaged, she doesn't fully trust
her fianc.   She just looked away trying not to
glimpse at the two friends.
"oh.. Tenchi..."  whispered Ryoko to herself.  "if you
only knew that I still love you."  she just realized
that Tenchi loves Ayeka more than her.  she pushed
Tenchi away from her and stared at her daughter.
"Ryochi, hold on..." she rustled.
In the other hand, Ryochi and Kagato was still
fighting.  "give up now before you die!"  shouted
Kagato.
"I am not giving up!"  Ryochi cried.  "I'm the one
who's gonna end your life.  You killed a lot of
innocent people and one of them was my friend!"  she
was raging with anger.
"I don't care about those people!  I wouldn't even
care about your family trapped in that glass!"  he
pointed his fingers at Ryoko's and the glass exploded
but it was only were Mihoshi was standing.
"MIHOSHI!"  yelled Kiyone and Nobuyuki.  "hold on!!"
"ahhh...."  Mihoshi cried.  "Help!"  Katsuhito handed
his hand to Mihoshi.
Seeing what happened to Mihoshi, it made Ryochi mad
that she regained more power.  "that's it!  That's the
last straw and you're not gonna hurt one of my
family!"  she and Kagato ran at each other swinging
their swords.  When they passed each other, both of
them had swords with blood in it.  Kagato had more
blood in it and Ryochi had only half of what Kagato
had.  Both of them fell.
Everybody in the glass jail gasped.  "oh no!  Ryochi!"
 snapped Little Washu falling on the floor.  She was
unconscious.
"Little Washu!"  sobbed Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.  Sasami
took her into her arms and tried to fan her.
"Ryochi!!"  clamored Ryoko.  She walked backwards and
ran towards the wall.  The wall smashed and Ryoko ran
as fast as she could to reach her daughter.  the
others followed her by using Ayeka's power.
"Ryochi..."  she put her hand on her mouth and started
crying.  She kneeled down and took her daughter in her
arms crying.  Teardrops were falling on Ryochi.
Suddenly, a hand was on Ryoko's face.
"Mommy, don't cry..."  it was Ryochi.  She's alive.
That means that Kagato is dead.
"Ryochi!"  she hugged her daughter even more.
"mom, easy with the hug.  I can't breathe!"  her
daughter joked and coughed.  Blood started to come out
of Ryochi's stomach.  The cut was really big.
Everybody knelt down next to Ryochi.
"you killed Kagato..." mentioned Kiyone to her.  "you
were pretty brave..."
"yeah and you were great!"  added Mihoshi.
"...thanks..." she said softly, still coughing.
"oh my god!  You're hurt!"  cried Tenchi.  he pulled
the sleeve of his shirt and wrapped it around Ryochi's
waist.  "there!  It should stop the bleeding for
awhile."
"you should save your energy, my dear!" came in
Kamidake.
"dad, mom.  I love you so much.  So, if I go, always
remember me in your heart.  I know I won't live
long..." she coughed and took a deep breathe.  "I'll
always love the both of you."  she took the necklace
her parents give her and held on it with her bloody
hands.
"don't say that!!!"  begged Ryoko.  "don't leave me,
Ryochi."  She held onto her daughter's hand really
tight.
Suddenly, a figure appeared from nowhere.  It came
from Ryochi's locket.  "mom?!  Is that you?" asked
Tenchi.  It was Lady Achika.
"Achika!" yelled Nobuyuki.  "you came back!"  he ran
to her and gave her a hug.  She was alive but only for
a few minutes.
"I am but not for long.  I'm here to explain
everything about Ryochi."  She looked at the little
girl who was gasping for air.  She took Ryochi's hand.
 "Ryochi, it's me, your grandma."
Tenchi and everybody were shocked.  "what?"  all of
them were buzzing.
"grandma...I've been wanting to see you... you were
always in my dream..." Ryochi said slowly.  Ryoko just
brushed Ryochi's hair.  Lady Achika faced Tenchi and
everybody.
"Tenchi," she started.  "this is your daughter
Ryochi..."  she was interrupted by Ayeka.
"what are you talking about?  Ryochi is 16 and Tenchi
is 17.  There's no way that Tenchi is the father!"
she argued.  She was upset.
"Ayeka, I know how much you love Tenchi but I'm
telling the truth...I used time compression to get you
to the future and Ryochi is Tenchi and Ryoko's
daughter..."  she looked at the crying Ayeka.  She
couldn't do anything but to watch her.
Tenchi froze because of the news.  Mihoshi was right
after all.  When he first saw Ryochi, he never
expected her to be his daughter and never saw the
resemblance but now he do.  He took Ryochi into his
arms and stared at her.
"so, this is my daughter..." he said proudly.  He
looked at Ryoko who turned away from Tenchi.
"Ryoko," he called.  "how come you never told me about
this?  and how come Kamidake stood up as her father?"
She couldn't say a word so Little Washu took over.
"She was afraid that you might just reject her and
Ryochi.  She thought that you won't take full
responsibility and..."  she stopped because Ryoko
wanted to talk.
"Tenchi, I'm sorry..." she apologized.  "the night we
made love, I knew that I'll get pregnant.  That's why
I left.  I knew how much you loved Ayeka and you kept
on talking about your wedding."  She smiled at Ayeka.
"then I realized, why do I have to stay and try to win
somebody who doesn't love me.  I left your house and
couldn't find any place to stay in.  then, Kamidake
saw me and took me to Mikash.  He took care of me when
I was pregnant and when I had Ryochi."  She looked at
her daughter.
"she doesn't know anything about this whole thing.  I
didn't want to tell her that's why I sent her to your
place.  I wanted her to know you so that when she
comes back, she won't hear anything about you but
she'll know who you are."
"so, that's explain the light hawk wings!" came in
Prince Yosho.
"she's a part of the Jurai family after all!" clapped
Sasami.
"as well as Ryoko!" added Kiyone.  A smile appeared on
her face.
"but that's not only it."  Came in Lady Achika.
"Ryoko is a princess."
"WHAT!" exclaimed Little Washu.  "she was only created
by my egg cell and from the sperm of a mass."
"uh-uh!" Lady Achika shook her head.  "the one you
created died along time ago.  remember that you had a
husband before and he took your daughter and that
happened to be Ryoko.  He was the King of Earth but
then he died and left Ryoko but then Ryoko got taken
away and she just grew up.  then she got captured by
Kagato and everything started there."
Ryochi was just listening.  Suddenly, she raised her
hand.  "why did he want me to die?" she asked.
"when he kills everybody that are a part of the
Juraian royal blood, you'll be the only one left and
you're the one who has the strongest power among the
family of Jurai." She explained.
"but how did he know that Ryochi was a Juraian?" came
in Nobuyuki.
"well, when Ryochi was young, she accidentally met
Kagato and Kagato thought it was Ryoko.  Ryochi got
stabbed a little in the arm by Kagato.  he did that
because he wanted to create another Ryoko but then he
found out that it wasn't Ryoko.  He met little Ryochi
in planet Santorio.   For 11 years, he started to look
for Ryochi.  He knew that Ryochi had the strongest
power in the entire universe."
"and why was Ranma trying to fight for Kagato?" asked
Yosho.
Ryochi answered grandfather's question.  "because he's
the son of Kagato.  he wanted to hurt all the Juraians
but since his father want to kill me, he followed his
motivation.  He also wanted to make the Juraians pay
for what they did to Kagato."
Everybody was surprised to hear the whole story.
Suddenly, Ryochi started to shiver.  Tenchi and Ryoko
panicked.
"Tenchi," she said and put her bloody hands on her
father's face.  "I couldn't believe you're my father."
Tenchi just closed his eyes to feel his daughter's
touched.  Without a warning, she started coughing
constantly.  "Ryochi, don't talk..."  his daughter
just smiled at him.
"I hope that you'll take care of mom when I'm
gone...she's a nice person and I hope you won't let go
off her.  she's hard to find, I tell you..."  she was
gasping for air.  The whole family started to cry even
Ayeka.
Tenchi's mom put her hands on his shoulder.  "don't
worry son," she said softly.  "she'll be back.  When
you go back to your present time, you won't remember
anything but you'll have Ryochi when you're 17...she's
just gonna disappear with me..."
"mom?  do you have to go to?"  he asked.  He didn't
want his mom to go.  he didn't get to spend time with
her.  she died when he was 7 years old.
"Tenchi, I have to.  I'm just a spirit now.  But don't
forget that you'll always be with me no matter what."
She then turned to her husband.
"Nobuyuki," she called out.  "take care of Tenchi and
dad.  I'll always love you..."  she gave him a hug and
a passionate kiss.
"Achika," Nobuyuki cried.  "I have so much to tell you
but seeing you is enough for me."
"Grandma..."  Ryochi said.  "I'm ready to go...Mom,
don't cry... I'll be back..." she wiped the tears from
Ryoko's eyes.  Ryoko took her hand and held it.
Suddenly, the grip loosened.  Ryochi was dead.  When
she died, Ayeka left and nobody noticed that she was
gone.
"RYOCHI!  RYOCHI!!!"  cried Ryoko.  Then, everybody
moved back to the present.
EPILOGUE
        Tenchi just got out of school.  He took the bus and
rode back home.  It's just the same thing as the
regular but the only thing he missed was Ryoko meeting
him at the cemented stairs.  It never seemed far when
Ryoko was there to greet him.  but now that she's
gone, it's not the same.  He remembered what Sasami
told him.
        "find Ryoko, please..." Sasami begged.  "it's not the
same without her.  even though she doesn't help me
with the household chores, that's okay.  Just find
her."
He could see Sasami crying for Ryoko.  She was right
everything wasn't the same when Ryoko left.  He
thought that the weird feeling he had for Ryoko was
hatred but it wasn't.  it was love.
He stood at where he and Ryoko would meet every time
he gets home.  Suddenly, he found somebody hiding
behind the tree. He saw a girl with a cyan hair
breathing hardly.  He ran up to her.  "are you okay,
miss?"  then he realized, it was Ryoko.
"Ryoko!" he cried out.  "what happened to you?  are
you okay?"  she didn't answer.  So, he carried her all
the way to the house.
"Washu!"  he yelled.  "Little Washu!  We need help!
Ryoko needs help!"  Little Washu came out of her lab.
"what's all with the commotion?" she asked.  She
gasped when she saw Ryoko, unconscious.  "take her to
my lab!" she commanded.  Sasami, Kiyone and Ayeka was
standing next to the door.
Sasami went to his side.  "where'd you find Ryoko?"
"she was sitting behind the tree, gasping for air." He
explained.
"I hope she's okay!" prayed Kiyone.
"why would you pray for such a space pirate?!" snorted
Ayeka.  "that's what she deserves."
"Ayeka!" outcries out Tenchi.  "we know that she made
things worst for us but I know she changed."
"go on!  Support her for all I care!" she cried and
sat on the couch.  Tenchi sighed and sat next to her.
"Ayeka, Ryoko is a part of this family and I still
care for her.  you know that I love you more that her
and we're getting married next week."  He just said
that to make Ayeka happy.  he didn't mean it but
that's all he could do.  his heart has Ryoko in it.
"Oh...Tenchi!"  Ayeka kissed him a hugged him.  then,
Washu came out.
"what's the news?" asked Kiyone as she stood up.
"well, there are good news."  She informed them.  "the
good news is that she's okay and she's pregnant."
"PREGNANT!?!"  they all jumped.
"but she doesn't look like it."  Mentioned Tenchi.  "I
mean, her tummy isn't big."
"when you picked her up, she used her power to cover
it up." she explained.
"wow!  So, when is she having the baby?" asked Sasami.
"in two to three hours, I guess." She replied.  'well,
I have to go back and check her out."  Before she
could go, Tenchi pulled her arm.
"can you find who's the father for me?"
"when the baby comes out, I will." She smiled and
left.
Tenchi and the girls waited for Washu but she didn't
come out yet.  Even Nobuyuki and Katsuhito were
thrilled.
"I'd say that's your kid, Tenchi!" joked his father.
"dad?  please... this is Ryoko we're talking about."
For two hours, the family was pacing back and forth
waiting for Little Washu to come out.  An hour later,
they heard a baby's cry.  Everybody rejoiced knowing
that Ryoko gave birth.  Momentarily, they'll know who
the father is.
"are you excited?" asked Mishoshi.  She looked at
Tenchi.
"well, I am kinda excited to see the baby and to know
who the father is."
Just then, Little Washu came out. "glad everybody's
here!"  she smiled.
"so,  is it a girl or a boy?" asked Nobuyuki eagerly.
"well, it's a girl!"  clapped Washu.  "she's pretty
healthy.  She's 7 pounds and 7 ounces."
"she's pretty big!"  remarked Sasami.  "can we see her
now?"
"yeah."  She responded.  But before Sasami left, she
knew that there was going to happen, so, she stayed.
"who is the father, Washu?" asked Tenchi when
everybody was finish asking their questions.
Everybody was quiet and looked at Washu.  "I don't
know if this is good news or bad news..." she started.
 She turned to everybody.
"well, what is it?" asked Ayeka.  "I know it's a good
news."
"yeah!" agreed Kiyone.  "you don't have to keep it."
They were all psyched to know who the father is not
knowing that one of them will be hurt.
"Tenchi..." stated Washu.
Tenchi looked at Washu.  He doesn't know what to do.
he thought that she was only asking a question so he
spoke up.  "yeah?  Aren't you gonna tell us?"
Mihoshi clasped her mouth.  "No Way!"  Washu looked at
Mihoshi and nodded.
"what is this?  a guessing game?" came in Nobuyuki.
"how come Mihoshi only got  it?"  everybody nodded
their heads in agreement with Nobuyuki.  They think of
Mihoshi as a stupid police but now it seems like she's
getting to know things than the others.
"it's Tenchi!"  exclaimed Mihoshi.
"Tenchi is what?!" yelled Ayeka in impatience.
"Tenchi is the father!"
they all looked at Tenchi.  "get out of here,
Mihoshi!"  Tenchi gave her a slap on the back gently.
"I couldn't be."
"that was a nice one, Mihoshi!"  Sasami laughed.  They
all laughed but then Washu stopped them.
"I'm afraid Mihoshi is telling the truth."  She huffed
and turned to Tenchi and Ayeka.  Ayeka was crying.
Tears was flowing out of her eyes.
"I..."  no words couldn't come out of her mouth.  "how
could you?!"  yelled Ayeka to Washu instead of Tenchi.
 "you're just saying this to ruin Tenchi and my
happiness!  You know that your daughter loves Tenchi
so much that you're doing this!  how could you!"  she
slapped Washu on the face.
Washu jerked a little.  She reached for her face and
rubbed it a little.  Tenchi was shock at what Ayeka
did.  Ayeka just looked at her hands and stormed out
of the house.  Tenchi wanted to follow her but
Katsuhito stopped him.
"I wouldn't think that'll be a good idea."  Katsuhito
shook his head.  Tenchi looked at the direction that
Ayeka took.  He was sorry for what she did to Washu so
he approached her.
"are you okay, Little Washu?" he asked gently.  The
genius nodded her head still rubbing her cheek.
"can we see the baby now?" asked Sasami.
"please!!!"  pleaded Mihoshi.  Both of them used their
puppy dog eyes and they know that Washu couldn't
insist to those child like eyes (except Sasami.  She's
still a kid).
"you know how to make me say yes, huh?"  laughed
Washu.  "well, then, you can go and see her!"  the two
left and ran inside the lab.
"well, I guess we should follow them too."  Came in
Nobuyuki.  He grabbed Kiyone and Katsuhito's hand and
dragged them in the lab to see the baby.  Tenchi and
Washu was left in the living room.
"so, how's Ryoko?" asked Tenchi wiping his sweaty
palms.
"she's just doing okay."  Said Washu.  Then she
started talking.  "I know that you feel sorry for
Ayeka and I'm sorry for telling you the truth.  I
didn't want to tell you but then I can't leave Ryoko
with the..."
"Washu, you don't have to apologize."  He stopped her
from apologizing.  "it's not your fault.  You just did
the right thing.  I'm glad you told me the truth.  I
know that taking care of a baby is hard most
especially if you're all alone."  He paused and kept
on going.  "I, too, feel sorry for Ayeka.  I know that
she's really into our marriage and u guess I am too.
But I'm confused whom to choose.  I love them both."
"but you can't love to people at the same time."
Interrupted Washu.
"I know and I realized that Ryoko is the one I love
ever since she left the house.  I missed her voice,
smile, just everything.  even though she acts so
immature sometimes, it didn't matter to me anymore."
Tenchi didn't know that Ayeka was listening to his
conversation with Washu.
Ayeka was pretty hurt of what Tenchi said but he was
right though.  when Ryoko left, he didn't act the way
he did when Ryoko was there. She cried and left the
place.  She decided to go back to planet Jurai, where
she belongs.  Since her sister, Sasami, was happy
staying on Earth, she left her and that was the last
time Tenchi saw her.
"so, are you gonna check her out?" asked Washu after a
moment of silence.
Tenchi nodded his head.  "and I wanna see my daughter
as well."  So, Tenchi left Washu on the couch and
headed for Ryoko's room.
Ryoko was in the room, sleeping quietly.  She was
really tired after delivering her first daughter.
Tenchi approached her bed and took a chair; he put it
next to the bed and stared at Ryoko.
"she's still the prettiest girl I've ever seen in my
entire life."  Tenchi said to himself.  Ryoko's face
looked like an angel's face, a little baby's face, so
white and lips so red.  He took her hand and rubbed it
against his cheek.  A moment later, she opened her
eyes slowly.  She saw a figure looking at her but it
was only an outline that she couldn't make out.
"where am I?"  she asked.
"you're in Washu's lab."  The voice answered.
"that voice!"  Ryoko was struck by the familiar voice.
 she rubbed her eyes and saw Tenchi smiling at her.
"Tenchi!"  she was amazed to see Tenchi by her side
but she suddenly twisted her body and looked the other
way.  "what are you doing here?" she asked.
"am I not allowed to see you?"  Tenchi inquired then
sighed.  "I'm sorry if I hurt you Ryoko but I didn't
mean to."  Ryoko was just listening and crying at the
same time but Tenchi doesn't know it.  "about Ayeka, I
do love her but just as a friend.  I love you more
than her and I swear."  He took Ryoko's hand and
placed it on his heart.  She faced Tenchi and said:
"but how about the wedding Ayeka was looking forward
to?"  she does hate Ayeka but she felt sorry for her.
Ayeka was really looking forward for the wedding but
it seems like its not gonna happen.
"I don't know," he shrugged.  "she was the one
planning about our marriage."
"but Tenchi..."  she was interrupted.  Tenchi put his
hand on Ryoko's lips saying that she doesn't need to
say anything.  He gently scoop her in his arms and
gave her a passionate kiss.
In the other hand, Nobuyuki, Kiyone, Katsuhito, Sasami
and Mihoshi were in the nursery.  They all looked at
the sweet, sleeping little baby.
"look at her," whispered Nobuyuki to everyone.  "isn't
she just adorable?"
everybody nodded their heads in the agreement.  The
baby yawned and everybody were touched.
"awwww...isn't that cute?!"  smiled Sasami.
"I wish we could see her a little closer than this."
complained Kiyone.  Just then Washu, appeared.
"you can go inside but before that you have to go to
anti germs bathroom."  She told them.
"what do we have to do?" asked Katsuhito.
"well, you just have to stand there.  You don't have
to take off anything." Explained the genius.
"darn!" stomped Nobuyuki.  The girls all looked at him
and he just smiled at them sheepishly.  So, they all
went to the anti germ shower and stood there.  After
doing that, they all went to the nursery to see the
baby.
"oh my god...."  They all whispered.  "she's so
cute..."  tears were stringing down on Washu's face
even if she saw her grand child.  She just couldn't
believe that Ryoko has a baby.
Nobuyuki took the baby and carried it.  He put the
baby gently on his arms and cradled it.  Katsuhito
went near to his son in law.
"hi my little angel," Katsuhito said in a soft voice.
"I'm your great grandfather and this is your
grandfather."  He pointed to Nobuyuki.  The baby just
smiled and made a sound.  Sort of a giggling sound.
"ohhh..." sighed Kiyone and Mihoshi.
"hey!"  cried Sasami.  "I can't see her!"  she jumped
as high as she could just to see the little baby but
it won' work.  Then, she gave up.  Nobuyuki kneeled
down and showed the baby to Sasami.
"isn't she lovely?" he asked Sasami.
"yup!  She the loveliest baby I've ever seen!"  Sasami
and Ryo-Ohki agreed.  Then Katsuhito started
introducing everybody to the baby.
"this is Kiyone, Mihoshi and Sasami.  This is
Ryo-Ohki"  he pointed out.  The baby just giggled.
"why won't we go and check Ryoko?" suggested Mihoshi.
"I guess she hasn't seen her little baby yet."
Everybody agreed and went to the room.  Kiyone opened
the room and saw Tenchi and Ryoko kissing.
"hey you guys!"  blurted Kiyone.  Both Tenchi and
Ryoko slightly jumped.
"what are you doing here?" asked Ryoko smiling.
"we're here to bring you your baby!"  announced
Sasami.
"miao!"  purred Ryo-Ohki.  Nobuyuki came in and handed
the baby to Ryoko.  Tears came down her face when she
saw her baby.
"oh my baby..."  she cried and swiped the baby's face
gently.  The baby yawned and looked at her mother.
"may I hold her?" asked Tenchi.  Ryoko smiled at him
and gave it to him.  Tenchi cradled the little girl on
his arms.  "I can't believe I'm a father."  He said to
himself.  "I just feel so weird!"  he started swinging
the baby and she just laughed at her father.
"so, what are we going to name her?" asked Washu.
"let's name her TENKO!"  shouted Sasami.
"that's an awful name!" disagreed Nobuyuki.  "she
should be named after Achika.  Look at her face.  She
has the face of my wife."
"that's even uglier!" came in Washu.  "let's name her
after me."
then everybody started arguing  "no!  it should be
Kiyone!  Nope!  Mihoshi!  Nope!!!  Sasami!!  Nope!!
Achika!!"  suddenly, Ryoko yelled at the top of her
voice!
"stop!  I'll be the one to name her!"  she declared.
"I'm the mother.  Now, let me think!"  everybody was
quiet even the baby.  All of a sudden, Ryoko snapped
her finger!  "got it!  Her name will be Ryochi Yosuki
Nobichika Sawamikiyo Masaki."
"huh?!"  everybody was puzzled.  "where did all that
name come from?"  Washu asked.
"well,  Ryochi came from Tenchi and my name.  Yosuki
came from Prince Yosho and Itsuki, Nobichika came from
Nobuyuki and Achika, while Sawamikiyo came from
Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi and Kiyone.  So, there's
nothing to fight about!"  Ryoko explained.
"well, that's a nice name.  But it's kinda long."
Tenchi mentioned to Ryoko.  "what will we call her?"
"of course, we're gonna call her Ryochi since she's
our daughter."  smiled Ryoko to Tenchi.  He approached
her and gave her another kiss.  He didn't realize that
he was holding Ryochi.  Suddenly, the baby cried.
"oops!  I totally forgot about you, Ryochi!"
apologized Tenchi. He started soothing the baby by
swinging her gently.  Then the baby went to sleep.
"I love you, Tenchi!"  mimicked Ryoko to him.
"I love you too!'  answered Tenchi back.
"well, there's the seed of revenge from Ryoko!"  Said
Washu to Katsuhito closing the door from behind them.
"I know!"  agreed the prince.  "instead of hatred, she
revenged by bearing a kid she thought she won't ever
do but I guess she became soft after realizing she
loves Tenchi."

The End