Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and the characters of that show are the property of AIC and
Pioneer LDC.  This fanfic is in no way a challenge to the copyrights and/or trademarks
owned by those companies.  The only thing the author has any claim to is the characters
and writing which he himself composes.  I am not making any money off this so please
don't sue me.  

This story takes place in the OVA universe, shortly after episode 13.  Italics denote a
character's thoughts, while flashbacks will be (hopefully) clearly noted.  Line breaks 
signify a
scene change.

Comments, critiques, and praise are all much appreciated as I then know people actually
read this.  All comments can all be sent to Majingotenks0@hotmail.com

Warnings: As always read at your own discretion.  Possible OOC although I try to be as
true as I can.


Shadow Of The Kutan Episode 4: The Price Of Failure

The next evening, Sasami thought it would be a good idea to eat outside since it was 
such
a pleasant night outside.  The warm air was cooled by a slight breeze and the stars 
shone
under the clear sky.  Everyone thought it to be an excellent idea, especially 
considering
Mihoshi's recent accident.
 
"So let me get this straight.  Mihoshi knocked a display over, which fell on her and the
manager, thinking that no one could be that clumsy to somehow avoid the ropes which
separated the customers from the stack of televisions, apologized by giving you the new
karaoke machine for free?" Ryoko asked incredulously before laughing at the picture of 
the
blonde galaxy police officer being nearly crushed under the weight of the electronics,
before thinking that they could only be that lucky.

Washu laughed, "Apparently he underestimated Mihoshi cleverness."

Aeka sighed, "Well at least he didn't ask us to pay for the display.  Mihoshi you must 
be
more careful."

 Mihoshi looked up from her meal, "What did I do?"

Everyone sighed in exasperation.

Tenchi changed the subject, "So Little-Washu what did you do yesterday?"

Washu looked up from her own plate, "Well I studied the physical properties of various
heavy machinery used primarily for recreational purposes, and the psychology of those 
that
operate them.  I also..." She noticed that no one understood a word she had said.  
Rolling
her eyes she clarified her statement, "I went to the carnival with Professor Kadreth." 
She
looked at Tenchi, pulling the large stuffed crab Sareno had won at the carnival out of a 
sub-
space portal, "Look at what Sareno won for me," she cooed before pouting, "You never
won anything for me at a carnival before Tenchi.  I'm starting to think that my wittle 
guinea pig
doesn't wove me anymore."

A large sweatdrop formed on Tenchi's head as Aeka and Ryoko turned bright red with
anger.

Washu giggled at the reactions as Yosho and Sareno walked up towards the table.

"Oh hi grandfather..."

"Tenchi." Yosho tossed Tenchi-ken to his grandson.

Tenchi looked at the master key in his hands, "What's this for?"

Yosho looked up, "Now duck."

Tenchi recognized the imperative tone and complied as a laser beam narrowly missed his
head.

Ryoko immediately leaped out of her seat, her red and black combat uniform materializing
around her as she formed an gleaming, orange light blade.

Aeka brought up her force field to shield the group from an onslaught of similar rays.  

Sareno cursed as he formed a small violet sphere of energy in one hand.

Tenchi examined the attackers.  They appeared to be eight metallic robots resembling
large insects of various kinds.  Other than the laser beams they appeared almost 
comical.

Tenchi-ken sprang to life in his hand as he charged the group of robots, slashing down 
on
one as Ryoko smashed another.  

Sareno ran towards the left to get a clear shot at one of the attackers without 
endangering
Ryoko or Tenchi.

Aeka continued to concentrate on maintaining her shield, resisting the urge to leave her
brother and sister and fight alongside Tenchi.

Tenchi meanwhile ducked under another deadly ray, slicing the bright blue blade of the
master key through another robot.

Ryoko phased out of the path of two laser beams targeting her before reappearing behind
the robots, bringing her light blade down on the backs of them.

Suddenly a flash of light appeared, temporarily blinding everyone.  When it cleared, the
group observed the remaining three insect-robots collapsing to the ground lifeless.

Sareno clapped his hands together once in satisfaction, "Ahh a well placed, contained 
EMF
pulse does quite a number on little toys such as these."

 A low, booming voice was heard, "Well done.  You keep capable company Professor
Kadreth."

Sareno looked up, backing up a few steps.

"Who the hell is that?" Ryoko readied her light blade.

The voice continued, "I am Tyrolan, warlord of the Kutan." 

A large black flame appeared in front of the group.  When it subsided a large humanoid
being about seven feet tall stepped forwards.  His black armor glistened in the 
moonlight
as his crimson cape trailed behind him, emanating from his spiked shoulder plates.  His 
face
was obscured by the large helmet resembling a blackened skull, although his long 
platinum
hair trailed from under it.

Tyrolan lifted a hand and both Tenchi and Ryoko were thrown backwards towards Aeka and
the rest of the group.

The warlord smiled from under his helm, "Professor Kadreth.  You have no hope of
destroying me so why don't you come with me now and make this easy on yourself and
your friends.

Washu laughed, "And why should he go with you?  Somehow I don't think that you're very
good traveling company."

The warlord frowned, "Your comments were not asked for Washu.  You may be the self
proclaimed genius of the universe, but you are not who I am here for."

Sareno narrowed his eyes and sarcastically remarked, "No.  She is correct.  You are not
exactly the best of company, so why should I go with you?"

Tyrolan laughed, "It is quite simple.  I have something you want.  You have something I
want.  Meet me on my ship in three hours Sareno Kadreth."

Sareno's eyes widened, "Your ship!  You stealing, lying, incompetent, ignorant..."

The warlord simply turned away from the ranting scientist and disappeared, "I expect you
not to be late or I will test the unfinished weaponry on the Earth myself."

Sareno clenched his fists as the others stood, both confused and dumbfounded.

The young scientist turned and stormed past everyone into the house.

Mihoshi blinked once, "Oh I remember what I was supposed to tell you!  There was a big
mean warlord coming here.  He's on the most wanted list for attacking and confiscating
numerous weapon transports and battleships and using those weapons with his followers
to conquer a small section of the galaxy for himself, setting himself up as an emperor.  
He's
potentially the most dangerous and powerful criminal right now but....but...you already 
know
that don't you?"

Ryoko glared at the Galaxy Police Officer, "And just how did that slip from your mind?"

Sasami asked Aeka, "So why does he want Mr. Kadreth?"

Washu ran into the house after her former student before Aeka could answer her sister, 
"I
don't know, but I'm going to find out."

Yosho merely sat stoically, contemplating this new turn of events.
_______________

"Computer re-initiate simulation, but change primary assault to my initial settings, 
adding
secondary infiltration of group two" Sareno paused, observing the results.

"So what's going on?" Washu stood in the doorway her voice concerned.

Sareno didn't look up, but sat down, taking off his jacket which marked him as a 
professor. 
Rolling up the sleeves of his uniform he summoned his holo-computer back into existence
and began typing.  In an instant a three dimensional blueprint of an expansive ship
appeared in front of Washu.

"Like it?"

"It looks familiar," Washu examined it suspiciously.

"It should, it's based mostly on your design.  It's fittingly called the Soja II."

The smaller scientist looked up and down the design critically, "I don't see any
improvements Sareno, that's not like you." She paused, proudly admiring her past 
project,
"However, I must admit that it does explain why they want you."

Sareno smiled evilly, "That's not all they're after.  The Soja is quite a piece of 
work....art
even, but they want something else."

Washu cocked her head, "Ok.  Then what?"

"This," Sareno typed a few more strokes, bypassing further passwords and encryption. 
Suddenly some additional systems appeared in red in the hologram.

Washu studied it before her eyes widened slightly.

Sareno eyed Washu's reaction, "Exactly.  I built the prototype sub-space stardrive into 
the
ship and added the weapons I designed based on the theory.  It can probably take down
multiple Jurai warships armed even with the legendary lighthawk wings if the pilot is 
skilled,
as the beams would bypass any shield by simply rematerializing nanometers from the
opposing ship's hull."

Sareno continued, "Ideally someone would arm light and fast scout ships with the 
weapons,
performing hit and run tactics on flagships as the main guns are light enough to be 
powered
by a small ship.  The range is far superior to anything else as it only requires long-
range
sensors to lock on as opposed to the standard weapon system.  A small ship could barely
get within range of a ship, disable it and retreat before anything gets close.  It would 
turn the
tide of any war as nothing would even be able to defend against such an attack. "

Washu stood in near shock, absorbing what she heard.

"It gets really nasty when you arm something large and with a sub-space stardrive.  The
ship could be devastating, able to equip multiple sub-space cannons and still be fast
enough to escape any situation.....a ship such as...."

"The Soja II," Washu finished for him, barely whispering.  "So that's why they want it." 
She
turned to him, "Where is it?"

Sareno smiled, "That's the problem." The scientist typed a few more commands and a
picture of the earth with a small blinking light orbiting it appeared.  "Tyrolan is 
piloting it in a
low orbit around earth as we speak.  He had a student at the academy break into a
restricted zone and steal it right out of the hanger at the academy"

"What?  He's got it?  Then why does he need you?"

Sareno's midnight blue eyes narrowed, "Well two reasons.  The first being that he needs
me to finish the design for them as they are incomplete at the moment as he stole the 
ship
before the sub-space stardrive and weapons were fully operational.  The second is that
they require my activation code to be brought online."

Washu smiled, "So you want us to help you steal back the ship?"

Sareno's gaze returned towards the screen, "That or destroy it."

"So when were you going to tell us?"

"As soon as I finished the plan to assault the ship via a simulation test."

"Is it done yet?"

"Not completely, but we don't have much time.  I have a plan which may work though,
although it hasn't been tested yet."

Washu frowned, "I wish you told me about this earlier.  It might have saved us a lot of
trouble."

Sareno shook his head, "This is my problem, my mistake and I intend to fix it myself."
_______________

Sareno nudged Ryo-oki awake, "Wake up Ryo-oki I need to borrow you for a little bit."


"Meow." The sleepy cabbit rose to its feet, before being picked up by its neck.

Sareno prepared to launch the ship into the air before he heard a voice behind him, 
"Where
do you think you're going with my ship?"

Turning he saw Ryoko, Tenchi, Aeka, and Washu standing behind him.

"I thought I was going alone Washu."

The red haired scientist smiled, "Well I can't just let my protege and new guinea pig go 
out
there all alone can I?"

Sareno scanned the group, "Where's the others?"

Ryoko laughed, "Mihoshi, the old man, and Sasami are outside waiting."

Sareno brushed his purple bangs out of his face, before straightening his jacket, "Ok 
then
let's go."
_______________

Aboard the Ryo-oki, Sareno mapped out an area of the Soja II, "This is where I want you
to place the explosives.  Remember to activate the remote control link by pushing the 
red
button on the bombs."

Washu noted the placement, "That's right up against a wall containing the sub-space
stardrive."

Sareno nodded, "The explosion will be great enough to react with the prototype drive.  I
didn't get the chance to shield it from an internal explosion in that area yet, as it 
was stolen
before I completed it.  The explosion should be able to destroy Tyrolan even if he
attempts to teleport out as the explosion will reach sub space, which means..."

"Which means we had better get the hell away from that thing before it goes off," Ryoko
finished.

Sareno moved the map over to another area, "Tyrolan will bring down the shield 
generators
for me to be transported inside, which allows you a window to get inside where you need
to be.  I will keep Tyrolan busy while you install the explosives.  You should encounter
minimal resistance as the Soja II was not yet equipped with security devices other than
what the pilot engages himself.  As Tyrolan will be occupied, the chance of such is 
minimal."

Aeka looked over the map, "What about you Mr. Kadreth?"

"Don't be concerned about me.  As soon as you have installed everything, come back to
the ship.  If I'm not back in ten minutes, leave without me as I wouldn't want you to 
get
caught in the blast.  The timer is automatically set for that time in case the remote 
fails."

As the others reviewed the map, Washu pulled Sareno away, "Let me come with you.  It
will be safer that way if there are two of us in case Tyrolan gets violent."

Sareno shook his head, "No.  He'll suspect a trap otherwise.  Apparently he's been
watching my work for some time now.  I don't know why he singled me out.  Maybe
because I'm the student of the professor who produced Ryoko, Ryo-oki, and the Soja. 
However, he knows that if I didn't come alone, it means that I'm am planning something. 
This is why I need you to cloak everyone from the Soja II's systems.  You designed this
ship's sensors so you know how to get around them at least as well as I do."

"Ok, but promise me you're coming back."

"I promise."  Sareno smiled and embraced her, hoping that the promise would not become
a lie.
_______________

Sasami looked out the window at the distant warship, "Do you think they'll be ok?"

Yosho followed her gaze, "I hope so.  Come on its late.  Why don't you go take a nap.  
If
anything happens I'll come get you."

"Ok." Sasami wearily made her way to a corner of the Ryo-oki where Mihoshi had already
fallen asleep.

Yosho looked towards the group planning to infiltrate the Soja II, "Good luck."
_______________

Aboard the Ryo-oki, the others watched as Sareno phased onto the Soja II.  Ryoko
prepared to follow with Tenchi, Aeka and Washu, but found the pathway blocked.  

Aeka noted the confused look on her face, "What's wrong Ryoko?."

The former pirate grimaced, "The ships been cloaked already.  I can't get us there."

Washu thought for a moment, knowing that Sareno must have realized the cloaking 
abilities
of his ship.  She summoned her computer and began analyzing the surrounding area.

Ryoko asked Tenchi, "Tenchi what should we do?"

Aeka, upset with Ryoko's inability to transport them aboard the cloaked ship answered,
"Well what can we do you stupid, vile creature.  In case you haven't noticed, the ship 
is
cloaked and you can't get us there.  So stop bothering Lord Tenchi with idiocy."

"Who are you calling vile you spoiled little brat?"

Tenchi looked helplessly at the two girls as they threatened an other all out war on the
bridge of Ryo-oki.

Washu, seemingly oblivious to the commotion finally chuckled, "So that's your plan.  You
wanted to make sure you went alone." The scientist turned to her companions, noting the
argument impatiently, "This is it!  We have to hurry `cause we're only going to get one 
shot
at this!"

Ryoko turned, puzzled, "Chance at what?"

Tenchi asked, "What's up Little-Washu?"

"Kadreth placed a tracking device somewhere on the ship after he transported on board. 
We can track them in the Ryo-Oki.  His prerecorded message which he left me on my
computer said that he shorted out the security sensors shortly after he arrived on the 
ship. 
However, we haven't much time though because Tyrolan will discover the device sooner or
later and there is only a limited range so if his ship warps outside a radius of, Washu 
did a
quick conversion in her head, thirty earth light years we may lose the signal.

Ryoko stood up, "Well let's go then Tenchi." She looked over at Aeka, "Coming princess?"

"Of course.  I don't trust you to properly take care of Lord Tenchi"
_______________

Sareno wistfully ran his hand along a wall of the ship he had built, the cold dark metal
warming to his touch.  The tracking device was set to turn off in a few minutes and he 
hoped
that it would be enough for the others to get on board undetected.  He knew Tyrolan 
would
be on the bridge so he took a slightly longer route, noting that the warlord had not yet
figured out how to operate the ship at full capacity.  He would have to buy enough time 
for
Washu and the others to set the explosives and escape.
_______________

The dark warlord passively observed as about half of his internal security monitors 
shorted
out moments after Sareno arrived on the ship.  He narrowed his eyes from behind his 
helm,
noting that Sareno might attempt to take back the ship.  He was slightly surprised when 
the
door to his bridge opened and the professor casually stepped inside, his expression 
quite
serious.
_______________

Tenchi whistled softly, observing the inner design of the Soja II.  Although clearly 
unfinished,
the interior was quite impressive, although Ryoko shivered slightly, reminded of 
Kagato's
own ship.

Washu observed the interior was almost identical to her own design, but the corridors 
were
slightly narrower, "Probably due to the additional systems."

Aeka looked over, "Did you say something Washu?"

The scientist shook her head, "No.  We have to get these explosives set and get out of
here as quickly as we can.  I don't know how long Sareno can stall Tyrolan."

Tenchi nodded as he picked up a small black case.

"Careful with that Tenchi.  There's enough antimatter in there to blow a hole right 
through the
hull."

Everyone's eyes widened as Tenchi nervously cradled the case as he would a child.

Washu laughed, "Don't worry.  It's relatively stable right now.  Let's go."

Ryoko followed her, whispering to Aeka, "What did she mean by `relatively stable'?"
_______________

"Greeting Professor Kadreth.  I have been expecting you.," Tyrolan motioned towards a
seat, "Please.  Sit down."

"I'll stand. Thank you." Sareno slowly moved towards one end of the room.  Positioning
would be important, as there were only two ways off the bridge: the door and .....

The warlord shrugged, "You know why I have asked you to come here.  I want you to finish
this ship."

"So you can use the technology to destroy other nations," Sareno narrowed his eyes, "I
don't think so.  The original intent of this ship was to be for exploration."

Tyrolan laughed, "Then why all the weaponry?"

The professor raised a finger, "Simple.  When doing research, one is bound to eventually
run into conflict, be it from space pirates or from governmental forces due to 
trespassing and
the like."

The warlord adjusted a spiked gauntlet on his wrist, "Under my rule you will be free to 
go
wherever you please.  Nations will give up their secrets to you and you can have your 
own
academy.  I know you have had conflict with the academic bureau before.  By helping me
you can have complete autonomy from that department if you wish."

Sareno laughed, "Is that all you could offer?  You are asking me to sentence to death 
the
lives of complete nations encompassing multiple systems by donating some of my
greatest scientific breakthroughs to a complete madman, who is quite ignorant I might 
add."

Tyrolan frowned, "I ask you to reconsider."

Sareno's expression became serious again, "You've got to be kidding."

The warlord sighed, "Fine.  Then your decision is made.  I must inform you that I have 
no
intention of allowing you or your friends to live though."

Sareno activated his violet beam sword, "Leave them out of this.  This is between you an
me.  And if you kill me, this ship will never be completed."

Tyrolan smiled, "Perhaps.  However I am sure that a high price will be paid for a 
prototype
of your work, despite the fact that it is unfinished.  Someone will eventually be able 
to
complete it.  In any case, my army will be well funded for quite some time"

A large black blade emanating an eerie red light emerged in the dark warlord's hand as 
he
charged.
_______________

A soft rumble was heard in the distance as Washu bypassed the security lock with one of
her student's passwords.  She looked up, concerned, "It's started.  We have to hurry."

Tenchi nodded and rushed into the room, only to find his breath taken away in amazement. 
Before him was a gigantic steel pillar surrounded by a transparent, shimmering force 
shield. 
On top of the column sat a small green and black sphere suspended a foot above it.  The
ambient light glittered sinisterly off the surface as it slowly rotated.

Washu inhaled sharply, "So that's how you powered it.  You created a concentrated
antimatter mass and used the gravitational forces to warp space and time."

Aeka looked on in awe, "What is it?"

Ryoko narrowed her eyes, as Washu mentally explained it to her through the psychic link
they shared, "It's a small black hole made of antimatter".

Washu nodded, "The force of the explosion will reach into subspace due to the properties
of the antimatter, but it will be relatively contained due to the lack of matter this 
far out into
space."  She looked up again whispering, "That's quite a dangerous core you've created
Kadreth."
_______________

Sareno phased out of the way of a blast which left a large dent into a wall and 
reappeared
behind Tyrolan only to find his downward slash blocked by the warlord's larger sword.

The scientist let loose a barrage of small projectiles, which exploded against the 
larger
man's armor.  Although the blasts barely hurt the warrior, they knocked him off balance
enough that he could not completely roll out of the way of Sareno's next attack.

Sareno sliced his violet blade across in a backhanded motion, grazing Tyrolan's arm.

Dark black blood oozed from the cracked shoulder plate as the warlord smiled, "Very good
Professor.  You are a much better fighter than I had anticipated, however as I had said
before, you have absolutely no chance of defeating me."

Sareno watched critically as the wound quickly closed on its own, hoping that he cold 
keep
Tyrolan busy long enough for the others to get off the ship.
_______________

"Ok that's the last one," Tenchi exclaimed as the last charge along the base of the 
stardrive
was armed.

Aeka sighed as Ryoko brought Tenchi back down to the ground, "Ok then we must leave
as Mr. Kadreth instructed us to".

Ryoko turned to her, shocked, "What?  We can't just leave him up there.  We have to help
him."

Washu shook her head, "No we have to leave.  He won't use the explosives unless we're
gone.  I'm sure he has a plan to get back aboard the Ryo-oki with us." Her worried voice
betrayed her false confidence, but the others failed to notice.

Aeka nodded, "You are right Ms. Washu we must leave....." her gaze turned to a spot
behind Ryoko.

The space pirate turned to see several large gun ports opening along the walls.
_______________

It had been only ten minutes since Tenchi, Aeka, Ryoko, and Washu had transported
aboard the Soja II, yet it seemed an eternity to those who remained on the Ryo-Oki. 
Yosho knew that every second counted as soon the advanced ship would detect their
presence.

"RRRRAAAAOOOWWW!" Ryo-Oki screamed as it continued to chase the Soja II.

Sasami looked up, worried, "What is it Ryo-Oki?"

Yosho turned towards the back wall, "We have company."

Startled, Mihoshi turned, "Where? I don't see anyone."

Yosho produced a training bokken apparently from nowhere and charged.

Confused, Mihoshi and Sasami watched as the old man slashed into thin air, only to have
his swing stopped short as it impacted something solid.

A humanoid creature about Mihoshi's size, wearing what appeared to be a crimson and
black set of light combat armor with an added face plate resembling a blackened skull,
similar to Tyrolan's, materialized in front of them.  One of the assassin's arms was
outstretched, blocking Yosho's strike with a black gauntlet.

"Very good old man.  You saw past my cloaking device.  I am Iotigon and the Kutan do not
like infiltrators" the creature's hissing voice resounded throughout the bridge.

Sasami backed up against the opposite wall as Mihoshi pulled out her control cube and
frantically began manipulating it.

"I'm warning you!  I am a galaxy police officer and it's really bad to threaten the 
police!"

The creature ignored her and spun out of the way of Yosho's next thrust.  It raised it's 
other
gloved hand.  A hiss was heard before a short blade of energy extended from the 
gauntlet.

Yosho calmly regarded the weapon, before adjusting his stance.

The assassin charged as Yosho sidestepped the blade, bringing down his own weapon
on the back of the creature's skull.

Just as his bokken touched the helmet of the attacker, a bolt of energy traveled up his
weapon, burning his arm as he dropped the wooden sword in pain.

"Ha ha.  Gotcha old man," the creature gloated as it observed it's injured opponent.

Mihoshi yelled to Yosho as she tossed something at him, "Use this!"

As the assassin charged, intent on skewering Yosho, the old man instinctively caught the
object thrown at him as it flared to life.

There was a blinding flash as the creature passed the jurai prince.  The assassin 
grimaced as
it doubled over, clutching it's stomach, "We will meet again I assure you.  The Kutan 
are not
easily defeated."

The creature faded from view as it transported off the Ryo-Oki.  Yosho extinguished the
light sword given to him, "Well done Mihoshi."

Sasami chimed in, "Yeah that was great Mihoshi!"

The blonde officer blushed, "Well actually I was trying to create a gun."
_______________

Aeka quickly activated her shield to deflect the incoming blasts.

"Run!," Tenchi yelled as the others quickly followed.

Racing down the hall, Washu realized that somehow the activated signal sent to the 
remote
control of the explosives reactivated the security sensors.  

"We're almost there" Ryoko yelled as she threw an energy bolt at a gun port ahead of
them.

Suddenly three giant security robots materialized in front of the trio, blocking their 
path of
escape. 

Ryoko continued to charge, activating her light blade and slashing at the legs of the 
metallic
creature. 

Using the power of her lineage, Aeka fired a blue bolt of energy, decapitating one of 
the
robots.

The third robot knocked Ryoko out of the air, to the ground as she finished off the
automation in front of her.

Tenchi activated Tenchi-ken as he charged the remaining robot, "Ryoko!" 

The robot turned, only to have it's visual sensors blinded by a blue-white flash as the 
blade
of the master key sliced through its head.

Washu clapped as the last robot fell, "Well done."

Tenchi helped Ryoko to her feet, "Are you ok Ryoko?"

Ryoko blushed slightly, feeling the effects of her merging with Zero slightly, "Of 
course I am
Tenchi but thank you..." she looked over with amusement as Aeka's face turned red with
anger.

Washu interrupted them, yelling, "C'mon people let's go!  The sooner we get out of here,
the better." She silently prayed that Sareno knew what he was doing.
_______________

"AHH!" Sareno groaned as he felt his body impact against the wall, denting the dark 
metal. 
His blade vanished as his concentration faltered.  

He looked up to see Tyrolan gloating, "I told you that you had no chance of defeating 
me. 
Give up and I will make your death quick."

Sareno felt something softly vibrate from a pocket within his torn jacket, alerting him 
as to the
status of his friends, "I don't think so."

Tyrolan laughed, "How noble and foolish.  Soon you will be dead as will your friends be.  
I
will have others dissect your work and they will discover the secret of the sub-space
stardrive and weaponry."
_______________

Aboard the Ryo-oki, Tenchi and the others awaited Sareno's return.

"What's taking him so long?" Ryoko impatiently clenched her fists.

Washu had been waiting in a corner of the bridge, observing the Soja II from a window,
"He has to make sure that Tyrolan doesn't get the Soja II," she quietly answered without
taking her eyes off the other ship.
_______________

Sareno observed his position in the damaged bridge, hoping that the sensors were not
damaged enough to prevent the completion of his desperate plan. 

The professor smiled as a thin line of blood trickled down the side of his mouth.  He 
held up
a small device for Tyrolan to see.  "It's a remote control to some explosives I placed 
in
strategic locations aboard the Soja II.  It will detonate, disrupting the main energy 
core
powering the ship and explode, taking us with it.  The explosion of the antimatter core 
will
be sufficient to reach into sub-space.  Any attempts to teleport out will be 
unsuccessful as
you will be destroyed in the blast anyway.  You're trapped."

Tyrolan paused, slightly nervous about the change in the situation, "You...you wouldn't 
dare. 
This is your life and your work."

Sareno smirked, "Not anymore.  I have a new project now, one which will hopefully 
surpass
everything I've done before." Sareno laughed at the warlord, "I'll see you in hell 
Tyrolan, but
not too soon." Sareno never looked down, but kept his gaze on the startled warlord for a
moment longer before closing his midnight blue eyes slightly and prepared to finish his
plan, "I'm sorry Washu.  I hope this works."
_______________

Outside on the Ryo-oki, Tenchi, Washu, and the others looked on helplessly as they
watched the Soja II silently explode.  Moments later, the shockwave flipped the small 
ship
over as Ryoko struggled to maintain control and get way from the oncoming blast.

"No....." Washu whispered silently to herself as a single tear fell from her green eyes.

Tenchi placed a hand on her shoulder and the little scientist quickly turned to embrace 
him,
sobbing softly into his chest.

"I failed....I should have been there..."

Aeka continued to tend to Yosho's shoulder as he spoke softly, "I think he was smarter 
than
that."

Startled, the princess turned towards the old man, "You...you think he survived that?"

Yosho coughed once, "It is no use speculating, but remember, that was his ship. 
Someone like him may have had a few surprises on board.  You never know."

Tenchi looked over at Ryoko who smiled once at him after she regained control of the 
ship
and began heading towards Earth.  He looked over Washu's shoulder at the stars in the
window before him, as the remainder of the trip continued in silence.
_______________
End Episode 4

Author's Notes: So the first installment's almost done.  I'm glad you all made it this 
far.  One
more section left to go and then I can begin posting even juicier material.  (I keep 
telling all
those Aeka and Ryoko fans to hold on)  

-Calico Zero
Majingotenks0@hotmail.com
