Ryo-oh-ki looked exactly the same as she already was except for the silver 
coloring on the ends of the four prongs when she transformed. They boarded 
as soon as Ryoko and Tenchi returned from saying prayers at the shrine. 
Ryoko hadn't really said any prayers, but was oddly quiet and reverent 
during the whole process. Kiyone and Mihoshi were following in Yagami. Ryoko 
had changed into her red and black battle suit on Ryo-oh-ki. Tenchi had 
somehow figured out how to get his Jurai battle armor to appear, even though 
he insisted that this was not a very good idea. Washu cut the argument short 
before Tenchi could say anything. "Look, Tsunami's been talking to me a lot 
lately. Trust me," Washu smiled, "and trust Tsunami."

The whole trip was generally uneventful until they reached Ryuten, or 
rather, where Ryuten should have been. There was just dust, huge rocks, and 
fragments of the giant trees grown on the lush planet. Ryoko became very 
pale, as was Mihoshi when they saw her wailing behind the screen when they 
opened the communication ports. Another screen popped up just as Kiyone 
started shutting Mihoshi up.

"Ryoko! Tenchi! How nice it is to see you!" the girl on the screen said, her 
face bright with joy. The color in Ryoko's face quickly returned and greeted 
the young girl cheerfully.

"Asahi! You're okay!" she exclaimed, grinning and trying to blink away her 
tears. Tenchi sighed in relief as Washu smiled.

"Tenchi, Washu! And Kiyone and Mihoshi! Look, my father is with me this 
time!" Asahi cried, unable to restrain her happiness. Before her father 
could greet them, her expression of joy turned into that of sorrow. "Look 
what they did to Ryuten." Tenchi, Ryoko, and Washu bowed their heads sadly 
as Nomori Takebe slid into view.

"The Shadows of Jurai have done this. They used highly advanced 
explosives...from their ships' detonation systems. They seemed to really 
hate us. I managed to get Mimasaka, Asahi and Goghei, Tatetsuki, and a 
couple of my students away in time. I'm sure this is a problem with the 
princesses, surely?" he explained slowly. Washu bit her lip as Tenchi 
answered solemnly.

"They are gone. No more Royal Family. You should go now, Takebe. I'm sorry, 
but this is something we must do on our own. Please, go as far as you can 
for Jurai. You'll probably hear something in the news when we finally settle 
this," Tenchi said, turning away. Takebe noticed the glint in his eyes and 
withheld any arguments.

"I see. Then, I hope I have not seen the last of you, Prince Tenchi. Good 
fortune on your journey." The communication port to Mimasaka closed as it 
blasted off in the opposite direction. Tenchi sighed and began pacing, 
something he never did before. Ryoko was taking a nap, and Washu was quietly 
talking to her computer.

Washu's enhancements on Ryo-oh-ki included increased speed and fuel 
efficiency, better maneuverability, and a longer-ranged radar. They arrived 
at Jurai with incredible speed. Jurai seemed completely normal, with nothing 
out of the ordinary. Ryo-oh-ki meowed once and showed them the surface of 
Jurai. It was a field, or at least it looked like one. It was completely 
covered by Shadows, all facing the same direction and totally still. 
Ryo-oh-ki showed them more. It seemed as if the whole planet was covered 
with humanoid figures all garbed in the same exact uniform, no matter the 
gender. The last screen Ryo-oh-ki allowed them to see was of a high platform 
with masses of Shadows packed tightly around in all directions, covering 
every bit of possible space. What looked like the elected leader was sitting 
on the throne on the platform. A metal pole was standing vertically a few 
meters away from him.

"This is more than I ever estimated," Washu said, incredulously. Tenchi 
gulped and subtly pulled Washu away from Ryoko.

"Listen, Washu, I--," Tenchi started. Washu gave him a curious look before 
he continued. "I want you to PROMISE me that you'll get Ryoko away from 
Jurai if there's big trouble." Washu cocked her head.

"Do you think that Ryoko is going to make the crucial decision? The one that 
Tsunami said?" Washu asked, her eyes twinkling.

"Yes. Tsunami told me that, too. I know it has to be Ryoko. We'll figure 
this thing out...something is up with Jurai, and we'll fix it, right, 
Washu?" Tenchi said, holding Washu's shoulder. She smiled and nodded.

"You're getting smarter, Tenchi. I already thought about this at home, but 
you're completely correct all the same. Yes, I will keep that promise for 
you." Washu grinned mischievously and patted Tenchi's hand. Tenchi gulped 
and nodded gratefully. She pulled away and went over to her computer. She 
straightened up and was holding three metallic balls the size of 
volleyballs.

"Ryoko, Tenchi, you hold one each. I'll hold the last one." Before Ryoko 
opened her mouth to ask what they were, Washu held up a finger at her. 
"Don't ask. I'll explain," she began, in her mischievous attitude, "these 
are bombs. Once I push this button," she showed them a button on her metal 
ball, "all three will be set to detonate in five minutes." The mad scientist 
grinned when she saw their faces contort when she said, "detonate." "You 
don't need to worry. These bombs have a range of three hundred kilometers. 
Don't worry, already. They're designed to explode from the ground up exactly 
180 degrees facing the direction of impact. As long as we're on the 
platform, we'll be fine." Ryoko grinned and changed into her red and black 
battle suit.

"Let's do it!"

=====

"Kyuma, are all the Royal Family gone?" a man in one of Azusa's flowing 
robes asked. His dark gray hair, cold blue eyes, and his pale skin gave him 
the look of a ghost. He was sitting in the High Throne, which was 
painstakingly moved from the palace onto the platform. He sat smugly and 
grinned evilly.

"Yes, my lord. All are elimi--," the man called Kyuma stopped abruptly, his 
dark hair waving with the breeze. He wore a headband, which denoted his 
position as the self-elected king's second-in-command. Five strange people 
had arrived. He easily recognized one as the dreaded space pirate Ryoko and 
the two Galaxy Policewomen, but choked when he saw the boy wearing 
traditional Jurai battle armor holding the master key. The last girl had the 
Royal Science Academy badge on her shirt, and the space pirate, Juraian, and 
scientist were all holding metal balls. "My lord, a little problem..." he 
said tentatively, never taking his eyes off the boy in the battle armor. The 
Master Shadow stood up from the throne and glared icily at Tenchi.

"Ah, Kyuma, what have we here?" the leader said, spreading his arms wide as 
if welcoming them. His eyes ceased roving over them all when they came 
across the metal balls. Tenchi noticed and gave Washu a sweet smile. She 
nodded knowingly and pushed the red button, causing the master ball to issue 
a sequence of angry beeping. Simultaneously they all threw their balls over 
to a different section of Shadows. The lower ranked Shadows spread their 
arms to catch the balls, but the Master Shadow hissed, "Leave them be! 
They're bombs!" The bombs landed on the damp ground, embedding themselves in 
the mud and grass. The king and Kyuma shielded their eyes, waiting for the 
lethal explosion, but none came. Kyuma lowered his arms confidently.

"You, the space pirate, you saw me murder Princess Ayeka. What do you say, 
now?" Kyuma said, smirking in delight. Ryoko summoned her sword to destroy 
the Shadow, but Tenchi stopped her with his arm. He clenched the Light Hawk 
Sword until his knuckles became white and growled at Kyuma.

"Why did you do this?" Tenchi demanded, summoning his sword. "You killed 
innocent people. What is your reason?" he growled in cold fury. Kyuma 
withered under his glare as the Shadows below began fidgeting. The king 
spoke up for his cowering second-in-command.

"For Lord Masuru, of course. Jurai has grown too soft under the rule of the 
current Royal Family, and I wholeheartedly agree with my lord. I'm sorry, 
I've been so rude...my name is Kutsuchi."  The king laughed a high laugh 
that didn't suit him. His face turned from mild amusement to cold ferocity. 
"Kill the women, leave the boy."

Masses of Shadows unsheathed their swords when Kyuma raised his hand and 
began climbing up the scaffolding to the platform. Tenchi decided it was 
time for action and held his warrior's stance. "Washu, take Ryoko and go. Go 
now! All of you!" he said vehemently, trying to take in how many Shadows 
he'd have to go up against. Washu nodded, her face set, and held Ryoko's 
arm. Before she could call Ryo-oh-ki, the first wave of Shadows erupted over 
the platform edge, their eyes gleaming maliciously. Tenchi moved about like 
lightning, cleaving any that dared make a move towards his friends.

Unexpectedly, there was a great rumble, causing the Shadows on the ground to 
fly up in the air as the bombs detonated. This overbalanced Tenchi and the 
rest of the Shadows, but a particularly sturdy one managed to regain his 
balance quickly and plunged his sword into Tenchi's back.

"Fool!" the king shrieked furiously. "Do not kill the Juraian!"

The only problem was that Tenchi was far from dead. There was a rumble and 
Tenchi straightened up, his arms outstretched. The Shadows backed away in 
terror as Light Hawk Wings erupted in front of his hands. It moved through 
him like a scanner and changed his armor into the magnificent uniform he 
wore when fighting Kagato and all the other villains he had encountered. 
"Washu, go!" he bellowed, throwing himself into the tightly packed Shadows 
on the platform. Ryo-oh-ki appeared above and beamed them onboard just as 
Kiyone and Mihoshi disappeared into Yagami.

"No! Washu let me go!" Ryoko roared, struggling to break free from Washu's 
grasp. Washu held Ryoko firmly, her face expressionless. A tear rolled down 
Ryoko's face as she looked at her mother. "Washu, we can't just leave Tenchi 
like this! It's not right! He'll be killed!" Washu pulled Ryoko gently 
towards her face.

"Listen, I'm sorry, but I made a promise to Tenchi and I intend to keep it!" 
Tears began streaming down the pirate's cheeks.

"No! Washu! You're so heartless!" When Washu did not respond, Ryoko sobbed 
to Ryo-oh-ki. "Ryo-oh-ki, show-show me the platform!" A big screen appeared 
in front of them, displaying the battle scene. Ryoko and Washu both gasped 
when they saw a blinding flash of light and saw the Shadows overwhelm 
Tenchi. They seized his limbs and dragged him to the metal post. The 
second-in-command, Kyuma, lashed his arms and legs to the post, so he could 
not move at all. He looked dazed and weak; a complete contrast to how he was 
a few moments ago. Ryo-oh-ki zoomed into the king and managed to capture the 
sound waves coming from the platform.

"Well, we finally got our prince. Thank you, Lord Masuru, for helping us. We 
never thought we'd get allies from those far reaches of the empire, but with 
your help, we did. Now, we need information." He turned to Tenchi, whose 
head was drooping onto his chest. "Give me the Master Key, Prince." Tenchi 
growled and shook his head weakly.

"Never..." The king scowled.

"GIVE IT TO ME!"

"No..."

"GIVE IT UP, AT ONCE, PRINCE!" the king bellowed furiously. He snapped and 
Kyuma handed him a whip. He began steadily flogging Tenchi, who was, for 
some odd reason, completely helpless against all his restraints. 
"GIVE-IT--UP--PRINCE!"

Ryoko howled and broke free from Washu, teleporting down at once. "Tenchi, 
no!" Washu gasped and made a wild snatch, but her hands closed onto nothing.

The space pirate appeared on the platform just as the king produced a 
gleaming dagger. He began slowly cutting into Tenchi's flesh, causing him to 
moan in pain. Ryoko thrust her energy sword through Kyuma and tossed him 
into the field of Shadows. The king stood, transfixed for a moment. When he 
realized that Ryoko was ripping Tenchi free of his bonds, he managed to wrap 
his whip around her neck. "Leave the prince and I'll spare your miserable 
life, Space Pirate Ryoko," he murmured maliciously in her ear as he 
tightened the whip on her neck. "Or you can resist and I'll just kill you 
both. What will it b-" He suddenly stopped and let go of the whip when Washu 
landed a blow on the king's jaw and broke it.

"Ryoko, go! Go now! It has to be this way, I'm sorry!" Washu yelled as 
Ryo-oh-ki transferred Ryoko and Tenchi up onto her bridge. Washu threw 
herself into the onslaught of Shadows, the king's dagger in one hand and a 
metal sword she had snatched from the floor.

Ryoko sobbed in despair as Ryo-oh-ki blasted away from Jurai. "Why--why me?" 
she sobbed into Tenchi's limp shoulders. "Why? Why?" She suddenly pulled 
away as Tenchi stirred. The pirate yelped in joy and helped him sit up. He 
was still weak and his head lolled to one side.

"Ryo--Ryoko. Don't be scared--of--what you're--going--to have--to do..." 
Tenchi closed his eyes as his brown eyes slowly began turning gray, causing 
Ryoko to cry out in distress and begin shaking him vigorously.

"No! No! No, no, no!" she moaned, sobbing into her love's shoulders again. 
She looked up when there was a bright flash of light and a whooshing sound. 
Her red and black battle suit erupted into a red and black robe with a long 
ribbon in the back. Ryoko choked, alarmed, and resumed sobbing. She promptly 
stopped when a loud whooshing drowned out all sound and bluish light began 
filling the bridge.

Ryoko found herself once again in the dark shelter with the swirling gray 
mist that Tsunami had created. She looked around bemusedly, wondering why 
she was here. "Am I-," Ryoko started. She felt above her head and could not 
feel a halo, so she shook her head and shrugged. "I guess not."

"Ryoko..." A voice was coming from out of nowhere. It sounded strangely 
familiar.

She saw Ayeka, who was smiling placidly, materialize in front of her. There 
was a golden halo floating over her head. Ayeka looked odd, as if Ryoko was 
seeing her through a foggy window. "Ryoko, do you know what you have to do?" 
Ryoko gulped.

"Yeah, I got to join you guys, that's what."

"No, that's wrong. The answer is with Jurai."

"What?"

"Jurai. Destroy it."

"How can I pull that off? We don't have enough explosives for that."

Kiyone appeared next to Ryoko, looking as bewildered as her space pirate 
friend.

"Ayeka!" she exclaimed, looking at Ayeka and turning to Ryoko for support.

"Destroy Jurai."

"What do you mean, Ayeka?" Kiyone asked, cocking her head.

"The answer is in your heart. Tenchi will guide you, no worries now. Come, 
now, don't frown like that. Personally, I don't think this is such a good 
idea, and that's what everyone else is saying. Look to your heart. Your 
decision lies within it." Ayeka stepped back and disappeared, smiling 
calmly.

Ryoko found herself back on Ryo-oh-ki with Tenchi in her lap. She reverently 
placed him to one side and waited for Kiyone to appear on the screen. While 
Ryoko was waiting, she noticed Washu's computer. It was flashing Ryoko's 
name above a triangular button on the keypad. Curious, Ryoko walked over to 
it and pushed the button. A little machine on the floor uncovered a lens on 
the top of it. A holographic message from Washu began playing, causing 
Ryoko's chest to seize up as tears flowed down her cheeks.

"Ryoko, I never ever told you that I love you. You, my only daughter, I love 
you dearly. I wasn't around to tuck you in at night, even if you WERE 
created as an adult. You deserved it, to be tucked into your bed like all 
other kids. I didn't protect you from Kagato...please, forgive me. Trust 
your instincts. If you think destroying Jurai is not a good idea, then don't 
do it. Remember, what ever you do, Tenchi and the rest of us won't think any 
less of you.

"Okay. Go to my lab. My computer will have a button blinking. Push it. A big 
pair of doors will open. Take Ryo-oh-ki in and have her transform. Load as 
many of the metal boxes as you can into her. Those are powerful explosives. 
Tell her to take it to Yagami. When she comes back, put the rest in her. 
Make sure you and Kiyone each get a box labeled 'igniter.' The only problem 
with this operation is the fact that you have to manually set off the 
explosives. That's what the igniter is for. To ignite, just push the only 
button on the little box. It only works within three meters away from the 
main explosive, which should be the biggest metal box. Make sure Kiyone also 
has one of the biggest boxes.

"This amount of explosives is dangerous and will EASILY destroy half of 
Jurai. Try to land in the deepest bit of land you can find, just to make 
sure that this works. Don't forget that this is a choice; you don't have to 
do it. Go now. There's no time to waste!"

Ryoko sniffed sadly as the holo-message stopped and began playing again. 
Kiyone was already on the screen, but she had remained silent and was also 
listening to the hologram of Washu. Her face was drained of all color and 
her bottom lip was twitching. Mihoshi was careening around the cockpit, 
oblivious to the task ahead of them. "Kiyone, I don't think this is a good 
idea," Ryoko said, turning away. Kiyone tried suppressing a sob, failed, and 
nodded.

"No, a mass killing isn't the answer. But what do we do now?" Kiyone said, 
her voice broken by sobs. Ryoko sat down next to Tenchi and shrugged.

She nearly fell over in shock when Tenchi got up, his eyes back to brown 
instead of the colorless gray. "Tenchi! You're alive!" she said, half 
laughing and half crying as she hugged Tenchi ecstatically. Tenchi grinned 
and patted her back.

"Yes. Tsunami said it was okay, so I came back for you. I was afraid that 
you guys were going to get lonely." He chuckled when Ayeka materialized 
behind his back. Ryoko gasped, alarmed, and laughed.

"A-ye-ka, how nice it is for you to join us!" Ryoko said cheerily, as if 
friends frequently came back from being dead. Ayeka grinned and sat down 
with them.

"So, Ryoko, it's down to you: destroy, or leave it?" Kiyone said, trying to 
hide the fact that she was crying. Ryoko smiled and stood up.

"We--don't destroy Jurai!" she exclaimed, jabbing a fist in the air. Ayeka 
sighed in relief.

"Good. I don't want my home planet reduced to rock shards. Of course, I am a 
princess, and I'll be accepted anywhere," Ayeka said airily. She noted the 
look of disgust on Ryoko's face and laughed. "All right, enough of that. 
Gracious me, Ryoko, you're still that way. I thought you changed when I 
died..." Ryoko growled and was about to blast Ayeka when Tenchi cleared his 
throat loudly and looked away.

"If that's the case, then let's go to Tsunami!" Tenchi said, but quickly ran 
to the shadows as another screen popped up. He dragged Ayeka with him, who 
was objecting loudly. "Quiet! If anyone finds out that I got us alive again, 
they might not take it very well." Tenchi got Ryoko's attention. "Ryoko," he 
whispered as Ryoko went over to them, "if that's someone you know, we're 
still dead, okay?" Ryoko gave him an odd look but nodded in understanding.

Ryoko found that Yume had shown up on the screen and clenched her fists. 
"What do YOU want?" she asked angrily. Yume shook her head in 
disappointment.

"I see that Washu hasn't taught you any manners at all." Ryoko didn't answer 
and glared at Yume irately. Yume tried looking behind Ryoko. "By the way, 
where IS that Washu?"

"Washu is gone..." Ryoko said softly. Yume gave her a confused look.

"Where did she go? She abandoned you?"

"No, she was killed on Jurai." Yume gasped and backed away.

"The--the great Washu? How can this be?" Yume asked, her voice quivering. 
Hishima appeared behind her, looking as bewildered as his master.

"But Washu is not part of the Jurai royalty. Why is that, daughter of 
Washu?" he asked. Ryoko sighed and glared at them.

"Look, Washu's gone. We'll fix this problem, you bet we will. Stay away from 
Jurai until you hear something in the news. It's not safe there. You might 
get hurt." Yume's eyes widened when she found that Ryoko feared for their 
safety.

"Okay. We'll go. See you." The screen disappeared as Ryoko heard the ship 
blasting away. Ryoko sighed and motioned for Tenchi and Ayeka to come out of 
hiding.

"Phew," Tenchi said, smiling in relief. Ryoko grinned and laughed. Ayeka 
gave them each a small smile.

"Yes. By the way, Lord Tenchi, what do we do now? I mean, we go to Tsunami 
and everything, but what happens if we don't succeed? Will we 
just...just..." Ayeka trailed off, a sorrowful look in her eyes.

"We'll just do what we can. If we don't finish this, then, we'll think of 
something, okay?" Tenchi said comfortingly, patting Ayeka's back before she 
began crying. Ayeka sobbed and managed to control her tears. Ryoko laughed 
again and was about to tease Ayeka when the princess began glowing brightly.

Ayeka's violet and white kimono erupted into a long robe in the same manner 
as Ryoko's battle suit did. She backed away apprehensively, her hands 
quivering. "I--I--How can this be? What did I do?" she sputtered, staring 
from her new, glittering robe to Tenchi and Ryoko's equally magnificent 
attire. Ryoko guffawed at the pale look on Ayeka's face and patted her back 
roughly.

"Ha ha, you're one of us now, Ayeka!" Ryoko chortled, looking at Tenchi's 
amused face.

"Okay, we're done here. Let's go to Tsunami!"

=====

Okay, that's it for Part 3! If you don't like this story, then please, do 
not continue reading. [Ahem, ahem, that's the obvious action to take 
::giggle giggle::] I really hate taking up the time to put disclaimers... 
-_-'

DISCLAIMER: These characters belong to Pioneer, AIC, and Hitoshi Okuda 
[Yume, Hishima, Nomori Takebe, Asahi Takebe, Goghei, Tatetsuki, and all the 
other manga characters]

