Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka reappeared in the chamber of the High Council. The 
trio gasped concurrently when they saw what they Council had done. They had 
bound Tsunami tightly to a pillar with a glowing rope. Tsunami's hair, 
normally sleek and neatly done in a ponytail, was strewn all about her head, 
crinkly and frizzled. The High Council member with the long gold tunic was 
grinning evilly. The rest of the council members were glaring at Tenchi with 
intense dislike, their eyes twinkling maliciously. "Why?" Tenchi asked, his 
voice dripping with disappointment. He kept his face entirely set and did 
not change his expression. "We almost destroyed Jurai. Why?" The gold-clad 
Councilor stood up from his chair.

"The Jurai Empire was slowly declining. Thou art strong, but see what 
happens when thou opposes me?" He gestured over to where Tsunami lay bound 
to the pillar. Ayeka just noticed that Sasami, unconscious, was also tied to 
the pillar. Her hair was likewise strewn all over, not the neat pigtails she 
customarily had.

"Sasami!" Ayeka burst automatically. The Council member nodded slowly.

"Thou art correct. Since thy sister is the counterpart of Tsunami, we cannot 
have her using her powers against us. But," the Councilor added quickly when 
he saw Tenchi reaching for his Light Hawk Sword, "thou art foolish to fight 
against me as well." Tenchi gave him a defiant stare and began quivering in 
anger.

"You were controlling those rebels, weren't you? You were forcing them to go 
against Jurai! They said something about a Lord Masuru. That's you, isn't 
it?" Tenchi said, holding Ryoko back as she tried to get close enough to 
attack. The Council member frowned but did not answer. "A lot of loyal 
Juraians died. You are corrupt, Lord Masuru! Corrupt by your own power!" 
Masuru growled in cold fury.

"Thou knowst nothing of power! I am in charge! You will NEVER take charge!" 
Masuru bellowed. Tenchi did not yell back, but his voice was infuriated.

"I am a god. What do I know of power? There is power in good, not evil. 
Ryoko, Ayeka, and I have more good energy that you would ever dream of!" 
Tenchi paused to note with satisfaction that Masuru was starting to look 
panicked. "We also have to power of friendship." Suddenly, Washu, Yosho, 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, little Ryo-oh-ki, Achika, Nobiyuki, and the Royal Family 
appeared out of the mist.

"This is all true, Prince, but I need no friends!  Thou art foolish, thou 
and all thy friends!" Masuru spat. His eyes began glowing red as a 
remarkable physical change was overcoming him. Masuru began twitching as his 
golden tunic ripped. Black fur began spreading over his body. Large, 
leathery wings burst from his lengthening back as his fingers elongated into 
long claws. Masuru was emitting a horrible growl that was mingled with moans 
of pain. His legs expanded as more muscle built up. He began growing larger 
until he towered over all of them, including the rest of the High Council, 
casting an enormous shadow. His feet looked more like long, clawed 
foot-paws. Masuru's voice no longer echoed soothingly; his voice became 
harsh and deep.

"Behold, Prince Tenchi. Thy weak powers of Light cannot match the power that 
thee sees before thy eyes." Masuru stopped twitching and spread his wings. 
"I, the descendent of the spirit of Darkness, Yuzuha, will finish what she 
began! Say goodbye to thy friends, Prince!" The demon Masuru laughed in evil 
joy and summoned a ball of black energy in the palm of his hand. Washu 
gasped.

"Tenchi, get of the way! NOW!" she yelled. Tenchi hesitated, but quickly 
realized the danger as the demon raised his arm as if he were going to 
throw. Tenchi jumped aside too late. The energy exploded down to the ground, 
throwing Tenchi far back into the thinning mist. His robe ripped more as he 
skidded on the ground to Tsunami's feet. He ripped his already-tattered robe 
off and stretched his arms out in front of him in the manner that has become 
so familiar. Light Hawk Wings once again erupted in front of his hands and 
passed through him, changing his simple underclothes into the Jurai battle 
armor.

"Don't say it, Ayeka. We know you're going to say 'Jurai battle armor!'" 
Ryoko said, putting her hand on Ayeka's mouth, which was opened. Ayeka 
sniffed huffily and frowned. Ryoko changed from her red robe to her battle 
suit as Ayeka did likewise and changed into her Juraian battle armor. Tenchi 
moaned as he wiped blood from his cheek, where he had a gash. Tsunami 
groaned and opened one eye.

"Believe," she whispered. "Believe in your ability, in your power as a 
Juraian. Your friends...will..." Tsunami passed out again, leaving Tenchi 
slightly confused. Ryoko and Ayeka appeared next to him.

"Come on, Tenchi. We can beat this loser, just like we beat Yuzuha!" Ryoko 
said confidently. "Together, we can attack, Ayeka can paralyze him, and this 
whole thing will be over in the blink of an eye! Right?" Finally, Tenchi 
understood Tsunami's words. He smiled, looking from Ryoko to Ayeka.

"I know, but maybe I can talk to him and make him change his way." Ryoko 
frowned as Ayeka bit her lip. "What's the point in killing when we can make 
friends and save a few lives?" Tenchi said as he heard the demon Masuru howl 
with evil laughter.

"If you must, Lord Tenchi." Tenchi smiled and gave Ryoko and Ayeka a hug, 
causing them to blush profoundly. Tenchi squared his shoulders and gave 
Achika a fleeting glance.

"Masuru, why do you do this? Don't you care about your friends?" Tenchi 
asked, his eyes blazing. Masuru snorted, his nostrils emitting a puff of 
smoke.

"Friends!" he growled contemptuously. "I have no friends! I do this out of 
hate for Jurai! Dost thou know why I hate Jurai? Ask thy grandfather, and 
thy friend Tsunami!" snarled Masuru. Tenchi started. He could hear murmurs 
of surprise behind him as his friends shuffled about nervously.

"Tsunami? What does she have to do with this? I understand with my grandpa 
and all, but what about Tsunami?" Tenchi asked sharply. A distant look 
overcame the demon.

"Before that brainless Juraian showed up, I was the leader. Everyone 
supported my ideas and motives. I was master with Yuzuha! Thy Juraian 
changed it all! She found out about Yuzuha's evil and forced her into the 
realm of darkness!" It looked as if Masuru had calmed down, but his eyes 
were still glinting maliciously. "Now, it is thy time to die." Achika 
gasped.

"You will not," Tenchi said, bracing himself and holding his Light Hawk 
sword.
"You have no friends. You are alone."

"Thou art also alone! Farewell, Prince!" Masuru raised his hand to blast 
Tenchi, but stopped abruptly as Tenchi spoke.

"You can say that I am alone. My friends, family, and I are untied as one! 
We are together as one! You might be able to control others, but when you 
do, you destroy their spirit! They can never be on your side!" Tenchi said 
loudly. Yosho patted Achika's back as she began trembling.

"Do not worry, Achika. Your son is wise beyond his years." Achika turned 
around and smiled gratefully. She seemed lost for words and gave Yosho a 
hug. When she looked back, Tenchi had produced the three Light Hawk Wings.

Two Wings disappeared, leaving one. Tenchi grasped it, changing it into the 
Light Hawk sword. Masuru laughed openly. "Thy feeble powers are nothing 
compared to mine!" Masuru produced a ball of energy in his hand. He threw it 
hard at Tenchi, who was still braced and ready. There was a great explosion 
as the ball connected with the prince. Ayeka and Ryoko rushed forward, only 
to be held back by Azusa.

"Father! Release me! Father!"

"Yeah! Let us go! Tenchi needs us!" Ryoko bellowed. Azusa pointed at the 
cloud of dust that was clearing.

Tenchi was standing exactly as he was before. He was glowing oddly, the way 
he was when he was fighting Yakage. The prince looked angrier than ever. 
Suddenly, his body began flickering, as if it were disappearing. He winced 
as bluish electricity coursed visibly about his body. He turned to Ayeka. 
"Do it NOW!" Ayeka snapped into action.

She summoned her wood and forced herself to keep her energy at maximum. The 
wood surrounded Masuru and began giving painful shocks to paralyze him. 
While Masuru was twitching in agony, Tenchi grabbed Ryoko and leapt into the 
air. Ryoko produced her energy sword and smiled at Tenchi, who gave her arm 
a squeeze and gestured for her to go to the left. Ryoko zoomed off as Tenchi 
veered to the right of the demon.

Washu bit her lips as she watched Tenchi and Ryoko dodging Masuru's flailing 
limbs. She turned around and saw Yosho sitting on the ground as if 
meditating. "What are you doing, Lord Katsuhito?" Yosho did not open his 
eyes but he answered loudly enough to allow everybody to hear.

"The demon is strong, but have faith with those three. Try to concentrate 
your Jurai energy on Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi. It will help them greatly." 
Nobody said a word, but they sat down to concentrate. Even Washu, Mihoshi, 
Kiyone, and Nobiyuki focused, regardless of the fact that they aren't 
Juraian. The group began glowing blue, as did the three fighters.

Ayeka was having difficulty keeping Masuru distracted with her field. It was 
as if Masuru was soaking up half of the energy she was using on him. 
Luckily, Tenchi and Ryoko kept wounding Masuru, slowly weakening him. She 
gasped and felt a sudden surge of energy flow through her. "Lord Tenchi! 
Please hurry!" Ayeka roared as she struggled to keep the energy being 
channeled to her.

Masuru was nearly finished. He was about to take off with his wings, but 
Ryoko's eyes locked on the moving wings in time. "Tenchi, the wings! Cut his 
wings off!" she yelled, starting to pant. Tenchi gave her a thumbs-up to 
show understanding. He zoomed to the left wing as Ryoko hurtled to the 
right. Demon Masuru howled in agony as odd black blood poured from the stubs 
that used to be his wings. Ryoko and Tenchi landed side by side, breathing 
heavily.

"He's much stronger than Yuzuha," Tenchi managed to say. Ryoko patted him on 
the back.

"That's okay! We nearly got him!" Suddenly, there was a bright flare of 
blinding light.

One of the High Councilors grinned nastily. The Councilor next to her lay 
slumped in his seat, lifeless. She turned to the man next to her, who also 
looked corrupt and evil. "Look at poor Shitsuma. He was trying to let 
Tsunami go."

"Should we help Masuru?"

"Just leave him. His stronger powers have made him arrogant. He never gives 
us any respect these days."

When the light faded, Tenchi and Ryoko nearly fell over with shock. All of 
Masuru's wounds had healed, and he had regenerated his wings, which were 
dripping with black blood. He stretched them and laughed. "See how useless 
it is to oppose me? Thou art naught but a fool!" Tenchi's hands tightened on 
his sword. He was struck with a sudden thought.

"Ryoko," he whispered urgently, "when you cut that big gash in his chest, 
did blood come out?" Ryoko shook her head quickly and looked over at Ayeka, 
who was panting heavily. She found that they were glowing blue, and she felt 
an odd energy renewing her. Tenchi smiled. "Our friends are giving us their 
extra energy," whispered Tenchi, accurately reading the look on her face. 
Ryoko finally found her voice and answered his question.

"When I cut him there, a sort of black misty stuff came out. When I looked 
again, his cut had opened and I could see inside. It was kind of hollow, 
like he had nothing in there." Tenchi gave a weak smile.

"That's what I thought. Here's what we do..." Tenchi began explaining his 
plan to Ryoko as Ayeka walked up to them.

"What's going on, Lord Tenchi?" she asked curiously. Ryoko grinned and 
pulled Ayeka into their huddle.

Tsunami was slowly regaining her energy back. She sat, horrified, as a 
Councilor tossed Shitsuma's body down next to her. The Councilor laughed 
cruelly as he glared at the tree spirit. "You don't like that, do you 
Tsunami? Look, your little Tenchi is having trouble with Masuru," said the 
Councilor, smirking. Tsunami spat on his face as he drew closer to her. "Why 
I ought to-"

"Chibume, leave her. You shall enjoy yourself when Masuru finishes with 
these weaklings." Chihame sneered and turned away, wiping his face 
contemptuously.
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka were ready. Ayeka began to distract Masuru with her 
force field. The demon was cringing in pain as Tenchi and Ryoko zoomed 
towards his broad chest. Simultaneously, Ryoko and Tenchi slashed down with 
their swords, cutting one long gash in his chest. Tenchi put his hands on 
the opened flesh and pushed himself in, pulling Ryoko with him. Ayeka halted 
her onslaught immediately and clasped her hands together, her lower lip 
quivering. "Tenchi, please be safe," she muttered worriedly.

Everybody, even the Councilors and Tsunami, gasped as their eyes widened.

"Tenchi!" Nobiyuki exclaimed, trying to keep Achika from running over to 
Masuru. She was about to say something, but forgot when there was an odd 
rumble. Masuru had stopped moving; he was completely still, staring at his 
chest. Suddenly, Masuru howled in anguished pain as colossal Light Hawk 
Wings exploded from his shoulders and stomach, splattering black blood 
everywhere. There was another rumble and the chest of Masuru completely 
imploded on itself, then exploded as converted energy.

Tsunami smiled when she saw Tenchi and Ryoko behind those Light Hawk Wings, 
each with faces of intense concentration. Masuru groaned and staggered 
backwards, leaving Tenchi and Ryoko suspended in the air. As the demon fell 
to the ground, he simply melted away into a black puddle of blood.

Tenchi sighed, allowing himself and Ryoko to float down gently and causing 
the Light Hawk Wings disappear. Ryoko yelled happily and hugged Tenchi in 
joy. She was about to give Tenchi a kiss when Ayeka bulled right into them, 
crying in ecstasy as she managed to enclose the both of them in a tight hug. 
Achika gave Nobiyuki a kiss on the cheek and received a tight embrace in 
return. Washu whooped in joy and, forgetting all her pride as the number one 
genius in the universe, joined Mihoshi and Kiyone in a little dance. Yosho 
and the Royal Family of Jurai sighed in relief.

The Councilor that killed Shitsuma growled in anger. "No! You and your 
friends are so...so...how have you beaten our demon? The demon that 
succeeded Yuzuha? How?" roared the Councilor.

"Light always prevails over darkness!" Ayeka bellowed in rage. She trapped 
all of the Councilors in her force field and pushed her remaining energy 
into it. All of the Councilors passed out, if they didn't get killed. Tenchi 
had already freed Tsunami and Sasami, who was still asleep. Tsunami flexed 
her sore arms and thanked him gratefully. She walked among the bodies of the 
unconscious or dead Councilors and pulled three people from the group and 
laid them a bit away from Shitsuma. She checked their pulses and their eyes 
and sighed in relief.

"These three, and poor Shitsuma, weren't caught up in Masuru's plans. They 
tried telling me to get rid of the demon, but I was a fool. They tried 
helping me, but Masuru used powerful mind control to overcome them," Tsunami 
explained quietly, her face downcast. "It takes power of mind and physical 
power to possess the mind of one of our Councilors, and Masuru must have had 
dark power we could never dream of having." She bent over Shitsuma and 
straightened him out, allowing a tear to fall from the ground. "He always 
looked overworked. Perhaps it is best to allow him to enjoy himself when he 
returns in a few days." Tsunami sealed his body in a force globe and sent it 
away. Lady Tokimi shuddered and sat up, holding her head.

"What was that, sister? Why does my head feel so light at this moment?" 
Tokimi said slowly, rubbing her head. Washu laughed.

"Masuru was using mind control on you. The darkness has gone from your mind, 
so you're free from his bonds," explained Washu in a matter-of-fact way. 
Tsunami laughed softly behind her hand and smiled. Tenchi squared his 
shoulders and walked up to Tsunami.

"Tsunami," Tenchi muttered, bending down on his knee in respect, "I don't 
think I want to be a part of the High Council just yet. I talked with my 
friends and family, and they agree." Tsunami looked taken aback.

"Is this true?" she asked incredulously, turning to the group of companions, 
who had exhausted their energy in their joy dances. Everyone except Yosho, 
Achika, and Azusa nodded, as it seemed as if those three really just wanted 
peace, no matter how it was achieved. Tsunami sighed and smiled. "I see. I 
understand how you feel. I'll be fine with my three friends and my sister. 
Enjoy yourselves..." Tsunami's voice was drowned out by the great whooshing 
as she sent them back to their lives.

Well, that's the end of the Shadows of Jurai Saga! I'll try to make a new 
series, erm, one that is more centered on the humor, or at least a 
death-less battle scene. Heh.	~Rayani

DISCLAIMER: These characters belong to Pioneer and AIC, yes I know, I know.

