Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and the characters of that show are the property of AIC and
Pioneer LDC.  This fanfic is in no way a challenge to the copyrights and/or trademarks
owned by those companies.  The only thing the author has any claim to is the characters
and writing which he himself composes.  I am not making any money off this so please
don't sue me.  

This story takes place in the OVA universe, shortly after episode 13.  Italics denote a
character's thoughts, while flashbacks will be (hopefully) clearly noted.  Line breaks 
signify a
scene change.

Comments, critiques, and praise are all much appreciated as I then know people actually
read this.  This is my first real fanfic so don't be too harsh.  All comments can all be 
sent to
Majingotenks0@hotmail.com

Warnings: As always read at your own discretion.  Possible OOC although I try to be as
true as I can.




Shadow Of The Kutan: Prologue

He wiped the sweat from his purple bangs which fell darkly across his forehead like 
spikes
as he struggled to maintain control of the severely damaged starship.  Through the smoke
spreading from the flames of a nearby console, a small beeping noise caught his 
attention.  
"Looks like I'm here," his soft voice echoed throughout the cockpit as he set the ship 
on
autopilot for the primitive planet known as Earth.

_______________
End Prologue
_______________

Shadow Of The Kutan Part 1: Reunion

"RYYYYOOOKOOO!" Aeka's displeasure was heard throughout the Masaki residence as
the princess of Jurai stood in front of her adversary, "There is absolutely no way that 
I will
allow an uncivilized monster such as yourself to accompany Lord Tenchi to Tokyo alone!"

Tenchi sweatdropped, thinking that maybe announcing that he was going to Tokyo to get
his grandfather a present for his birthday wasn't such a great idea.

The former space pirate floated over to Tenchi, pulling him into a loving embrace,  
"Well I
think that Tenchi would love the idea of going to Tokyo with me on a date."

"D..d..date?" Tenchi nervously replied, although no one paid attention to him.

"WHAT?!" Aeka's face turned bright red as she glared at the beaming Ryoko.

A small whistling noise was heard as the two girls argued, followed by a large explosion
which could be both seen and heard in the distance.

"What was that?" Tenchi, glad to have gotten off the subject remarked.

Ryoko looked up, wondering what the explosion was, "Sounded like a spaceship crashing,
but Mihoshi isn't due back from assignment for another month."

Aeka and Sasami quickly looked towards Tenchi who was running off towards the crash-
site.

"You're not going to go there are you Tenchi?" Sasami chased after him.

"Let's go check it out!  Someone might need our help!" Tenchi called back as the others
chased after him.

"Or a good thrashing," Ryoko growled under her breath, hoping it wasn't a bounty hunter
after her head.

_______________

In her sub-space laboratory, Washu continued to rework the methods and procedure on an
experiment which had, for some reason, been giving her unexpected results.

"Hmmm, now if I could just isolate this frequency from the others...." 

As she worked, one of her monitors began to flash with a warning light, signaling a
temporary disturbance in the Earth's stratosphere.  The red haired scientist glanced 
over
and noted that a ship had crashed, "Oh.  Mihoshi is probably back early." She was so
engrossed with her work, that she didn't notice the small note at the bottom of the 
readout,
"Ship configuration: Unknown".
_______________

Tenchi reached the valley with Ryoko and Aeka following.  Sasami and Ryo-Oki had been
sent back to tell Tenchi's grandfather where they were headed.

Upon reaching the still smoldering site, a small crater with some rubble of what used to 
be a
ship could be seen from their vantage point.  Tenchi took out Tenchi-ken and said, "I'm
going down to take a look around."

"Oh do be careful Tenchi," Aeka eyed him worried.

"Forget that I'm going down there with him," Ryoko said as she began to follow Tenchi
down the cliff.

Tenchi ignored them both and began to climb down as both girls argued over who would
go down first.

Upon reaching the bottom of the ravine, Aeka spotted an intact cylindrical escape pod
which had been separated from the rest of the scrap metal.  The trio stood in front of 
the
entrance and waited.

The door to the pod began to hum and open slowly, startling everyone.  Ryoko's outfit
shifted into her familiar red and black combat uniform as Tenchi took a step back, 
readying
Tenchi-ken.  Aeka moved a little farther off, ready to shield Tenchi with her force-
field if need
be.

The door opened and a figure, slightly shorter than Tenchi stepped out.  His midnight 
blue
eyes surveyed the three beings in front of him from the shadows of the pod.  Assessing a
minimal threat, he stepped completely out of the remains of the vehicle and 
unsuccessfully
attempted to sweep his dark purple bangs backwards off his forehead to keep with the 
rest
of his shorter hair.  Tenchi looked over the young man, deciding that he couldn't be 
more
than a few years older than himself, although given the ages of Ryoko, Aeka, and Washu,
the assessment didn't mean very much.  The next thing he noted was the newcomer's
clothing.  Although he wore mostly black, including his pants and button shirt, there 
was
something oddly familiar about the style of the green and white design on the lapels of 
his
jacket.  Starting suddenly, he realized that it was almost exactly the same as Washu's, 
the
one she wore as a professor at the Galaxy Science Academy she spoke about
occasionally.  

The smaller man looked up at Tenchi, eyeing him curiously, his voice filled with 
amusement
and a hint of sarcasm, "So let me guess, you are the new guinea pig?" A large sweatdrop
began to form on Tenchi's forehead as the others jaws hit the ground.  He walked around
Tenchi as he said calmly, "Shield your eyes please," and without further warning he 
pointed
his palm towards the pod and released a violet colored energy projectile, blowing up the
last intact portion of his ship.  

The newcomer straightened his jacket, "There.  That takes care of being tracked."

"What the hell?  Who are you?" Ryoko formed an energy blade, drawing the young man's
attention.

He turned to her, "I apologize.  Where are my manners?  I am Sareno Kadreth, professor
at the Graduate School Of The Galaxy Academy Of Science." He bowed slightly, turning
towards the others.

Aeka recovered first, "I am Aeka, first princess of Jurai and it is a pleasure to make 
your
acquaintance Mr. Kadreth."

Sareno waved her off, "Please, either just Sareno, or if you insist on being formal, 
Professor
Kadreth.  A princess of Jurai huh?  Interesting.  So why are you here on this rather 
primitive
planet.  You are a little far from home are you not?"

Aeka stammered, "Well, I'm really just here visiting some friends on extended leave from
my duties."

"Oh really?  I suppose I am as well then," Sareno smiled.  

Tenchi introduced himself next, "I'm Tenchi Masaki and that's Ryoko," as he pointed to
Ryoko.

Sareno nodded, thinking for a second, turning to Ryoko and started to say something, but
said nothing, smiling proudly, muttering "I knew it would work.  You really are a 
genius."

Ryoko's sensitive ears picked up the comment, looking at Sareno curiously, but Tenchi
interrupted her, smiling "So Sasami should be making lunch by now.  You should come
back with us."

Aeka tugged at Tenchi's sleeve, whispering, "Umm Lord Tenchi do you believe that it's
wise to invite someone who just came here back to the house?"

Tenchi turned to her smiling, "Well that's what I did for you and Ryoko, and he really 
hasn't
shown any hostility."

Aeka sighed, "I suppose that's true."

Ryoko laughed, elbowing the princess, "Tenchi's just a nice guy, I suppose that's why he
puts up with a spoiled brat like you."

Aeka glared at her, "I think he's kind because he allows a monster to live near his 
property."

Sareno, who had been following Tenchi, half-turned to look at the electricity sparking
between the two girls' angry stares.

Tenchi sighed, "Don't mind them.  At least they're not near the house so they can't blow 
it
up or anything."

Sareno laughed softly as he followed his new host.

_______________

Lunch turned into an afternoon as Tenchi's father introduced himself before leaving on a
business trip.  

As Noboyuki left, he patted Tenchi on the shoulder, "It';s good to see that you are 
making
more friends your age at school to share your woman troubles with."

Tenchi looked at his father, realizing that the man failed to realize exactly how old 
Sareno
must be.

Noboyuki called back to his son as he walked out the door, "And remember what you need
to do because I won't be here!"

Tenchi nodded, thinking Yeah I still need to get grandfather's birthday present.

Yosho and Sasami also introduced themselves and listened as they asked Sareno what
the academy was like.  At the end of the day, Tenchi asked, "Since Dad is gone on
business for the week, so why don't you stay here for awhile?" 

Sareno shifted in his seat before standing up, "Well, actually I'm looking for a woman, 
about
this tall," placing his hand at about the level of his nose, "Green eyes, long spiky red 
hair,
claims to be the greatest genius and scientist of the universe," Sareno paused for 
effect,
"ever heard of her or know where she might be?  I heard that she was on the planet
somewhere."

As Ryoko and Aeka's jaws nearly hit the ground, as Yosho perceptively noted, 
"You must be looking for Washu, a former professor of the university I believe."

Sareno nodded, smiling smugly, "Yes, she used to be my mentor."

Tenchi nodded and pointed to the closet door down the hall, "Her lab is connected to 
that
doorway.  You should find her in there.  I think she's conducting another experiment."

"Only one?" Sareno smiled, amused at the thought of Professor Washu being as inefficient
as a first year student at the undergraduate level.

"Well she runs a bunch at once, but I think there's one she mentioned that she was
spending more time on."

Sareno nodded, "Thanks Tenchi, and Sasami you are a fabulous cook."

Sasami beamed as he phased out of sight and reappeared by the door."

Ryoko smirked, "Well at least Washu taught some talented students for once," shuddering
slightly at the thought of Kagato, another of Washu's pupils.

Sareno took a deep breath and slowly opened the door.
_______________


Sareno slowly opened the door to the sub-space lab.

Washu didn't even look up, "Who is it?  Go away.  I'm busy right now.  Come back later."

Sareno smirked to himself and sarcastically replied, "Hi Professor Washu.  It's good to 
see
you too.  You know you wouldn't be so busy if you didn't keep scaring away or driving
insane all the assistants."

Washu's incessant typing paused as she bowed her head, fighting back tears, millions of
thoughts racing through her mind.  It couldn't be.  But that voice....the insolence in 
the tone.  It
could only be him.  

She slowly turned her head to face the figure in the doorway, emerald eyes glittering, 
but
her voice playful as always, "Kadreth..."

Sareno smiled proudly, holding up a finger "That's Professor Kadreth now." Shaking his
head, "But no need for formalities considering how long I've known you right?" 

Washu frowned for a minute before leaping off her cushion and embracing her former pupil
"It's good to see you." 

Sareno returned the hug, burying his face in her hair.  After a moment had passed she
looked up slightly at him "You know you were right after all."

"I know.  I don't make mistakes like that in data, despite whatever the academy thought 
at
the time.  Thank you for later publishing the paper under my name for me."

"You could have...you should have stayed anyway.  You know I would have let you stay
and help me anyway."

"At the time I wasn't sure how I felt about the academy.  I was going to come back after 
I
heard that they let you publish my data and my theory..." Sareno smiled, but his
expression quickly darkened, "but by the time I was able to get back to the academy, you
were gone and no one knew where you had gone to.  I stayed at the academy for awhile,
They gave me my own lab and even tenure as a professor," his expression brightened
again looking at Washu and then placing his hands on his hips,looking up slightly as he 
had
seen his former mentor do so many times in the past, "I mean after all, I am the best 
student
of the greatest scientific mind in the universe". 

/////flashback//////

Professor Washu looked at the young man who stood in front of her as she read his
recommendations and resume from behind her desk.  "Impressive.  As an undergraduate
student at the academy you graduated in a quarter of the time it normally
takes....valedictorian of the class with a perfect score in everything....even published
numerous paper on sub-space theories in graduate level scientific compendiums."  Washu
raised an eyebrow, "Ok so you want to skip the normal graduate program and try to get 
into
an advanced honors-type class?"

"Yes, I have examined the program here and feel that the normal curriculum would be
redundant for me as I have studied all of it already, mostly on my own."

Placing the papers down in front of her, "Well, tell you what.  I'll make a deal with 
you then" 
Washu snickered and thought to herself let's show him how good a real genius is....heh 
heh.
"Last night, I was composing a special organic molecule for an ongoing, personal
experiment of mine.  I formed it from scratch as it is not found in nature and I didn't 
want any
impurity in it.  I then needed to react it with these compounds and solvents," she 
handed
him a large folder and continued, "to produce this." 

Sareno examined it quickly, "It appears to be....," he looked up at the professor
incredulously, "It looks like you are attempting to create a zygote of a life-form from 
base
organic molecules."

Washu smiled proudly, "Very good Sareno.  Why don't you try to replicate the molecule I
needed and compose a set of methods and a procedure that I could use to react it with 
the
materials I have given you to produce this," she handed him the picture of the final 
product.

"This task will allow me to see what you really know and how well you implement it in a
laboratory.  If you can successfully solve the problem, then I will consider 
recommending
your request to the board".

"What are my resources and how long do I have?"

"A good question.  Here."  Washu pulled out a small packet out of a sub-space hole,
"These are your reagents, initial starting compounds, and equipment".  Looking at her 
watch
she continued, "It is 16 koras right now (approximately 7:00 pm earth time) you have 
until 3
koras tomorrow (approximately 7:00 am the next day).  So you have tonight to work on it. 
It is a lengthy problem so I suggest you start immediately.  In case you're wondering, 
this
will also tell me how well you can function clearly when tired.  That will be all." 
Washu shook
her head as she left the room There's no way he's going to get this.  I used almost 
every
conventional method to get the starting molecule and had to use eighteen reverse
substitution reactions just to get the first elimination right to add the 4-carbon alkyl 
chain to the
right area of the eighth aromatic ring sequence.  Maybe I should give him an easier
problem, but I have to be sure if I take on a private student.  She read over his 
impressive
resume for one who was only about eighteen years of age.  According to his race he was
barely a teenager.  He would be the youngest in the graduate class, never mind the fact
that he was trying to pass out of it.  He had already passed the exams in the advanced
physical sciences and biological sciences.  This was his last one, advanced synthetic 
organic
engineering, called S.O.E. by the students of her's as in a "Supremely obnoxious evil".   
_______________

Washu returned, noting the student asleep on a desk, a well worn pencil in his hand and
eight beside him.  His computer had turned off some time ago, and a stack of discarded
scrap paper stood in a pile on the desk he was sleeping on.  Poor kid, she thought, I 
heard
he was dedicated but he probably worked all night and didn't get a result.  She nudged 
him
as he opened his eyes and quickly sat up, surprising Washu.  

The young student pulled out a neatly stapled packet from under the scrap paper and
handed it to her, "I finished this about half-way into the night and checked it over.  I 
went
back to the dorm afterwards and came back about half a kora ago."

Washu stood, dumbfounded. There's no way he finished that in that short a period of 
time. 
He must have made an error and skipped a step.

She put on a pair of glasses and mechanically said, "I will return with your results 
shortly."

As she walked out the boy asked, `Uh excuse me.  Professor?"

She half-turned, looking at him "Yes?"

"After I pass this, can I work in your lab?  I've read many of your papers and as you 
can
see on my resume, it corresponds to my interests.  I really liked your work on sub-space 
as
a link to a reverse dimension from ours and the biological synthetic life-form theories 
were
interesting, although I think that creating a life-form with intelligence comparable to 
people
would require some basis other than the simple organic molecules you were using at this
stage."

Washu was impressed with his fascination with her work.  Most, even at the academy 
didn't
understand half her theories.  But what irked her was the assumption that he had already
passed.  "I will consider it IF you pass, and this procedure is just for an early 
experiment in
the field to see if it can be done at all.  What was your name again?"

"Sareno....Sareno Kadreth, Ms. Washu"

"Very well Sareno...and please, call me Professor Washu.  If you pass and are actually
working in my lab, you can call me Little-Washu then."

Sareno smiled, "Then it would be `of course Little-Washu'"

Washu noted the impudent assumptions again and sighed, smiling as she walked out. 
Normally such an attitude would not be tolerated, but due to his intellect, position, 
and the
fact that despite the remarks in jest, he was rather likable.  For a second she actually 
hoped
he passed, but then adjusted her glasses and critically read his paper.
_______________

About half a kora later. Professor Washu returned, "Well, you were right Sareno. 
Congratulations."

"Thank you Professor.  I don't usually make careless errors."

Washu noted the shift in address and wondered if he used her nickname just to be 
arrogant
in an assumption that he had passed.  She then remembered his recommendation, where
his old mentors had mentioned that his arrogance developed as a necessity to challenge
the authority in the undergraduate level to test him, giving him the chance he needed to
prove himself initially, despite his young age.

She still couldn't believe that he had figured out to use a sulfination that would be 
necessary
in a step over twenty pages later and then resubstitute it by a reverse reaction, 
followed by
a reduction........
_______________

......"It's been over a thirty years Mr. Kadreth," Washu stood in front of him as he set 
aside
his computer, "and you have published enough work with me to not only graduate this
program with honors, but the board has thought about giving you a tenure status." Washu
eyed his reaction carefully as she continued, "This would mean that not only would you 
be
able to continue with your own personal projects with a greater latitude of freedom, but 
you
also would receive the privilege of teaching your own classes on theories you would 
prefer
to illustrate."

Sareno looked up, slightly shocked, "You're kidding right?"

Washu raised an eyebrow at the remark, "Actually I wasn't.  All you have to do is submit 
a
paper on a new theory.  Preferably something that's not an articulation of something 
already
thought of."

Sareno sat back, thinking, This could be my chance.  Not only would this give me an
opportunity to really test my theories on sub-space, and help me achieve my goals, but
maybe Washu wouldn't see me as a student as much...

He looked up at his mentor, "Tell them I accept their challenge.  My paper will be on 
their
desk by next week."

Washu almost laughed, "Sareno this isn't something to be taken lightly.  The board will
review you work critically, more so than any publication.  This is the most prestigious
institution in the galaxy which accepts only the best of the best, and of that only a
valedictorian of a class even has a remote chance of becoming..."

Sareno stood and waved his hand in front of her, "You worry too much Ms. Washu.  I've
been working on this for some time now.  It will be ready." Sareno turned, but paused
before facing his mentor once again, his voice unusually subdued "Washu I need to ask 
you
something."

Wondering what Sareno was thinking, the professor replied, "Of course.  What is it?"

Sareno nervously ran a hand through his hair before asking, "Washu....we're....we're 
friends
right?"

Washu almost laughed, "Of course.  We've known each other for thirty years.  Do you 
think
I'd let some incompetent student work here if I didn't like him?"

Sareno smiled slightly at the sarcastic remark, but inwardly flinched at the title of 
"student",
"What I wanted to know is......I...."

Washu, quite amused by this point, smiled teasingly, "Why Sareno you've never been
tongue tied before.  This isn't like you at all," her expression suddenly became 
concerned,
"Are you nervous about this opportunity?  If you are...."

Sareno interrupted her, "No it's not that.  It's...well....Washu I wanted to know if 
there ever
could be anything else between us."

Washu was more than a little taken aback by her protege's confession.  She was unsure as
to where the relationship was headed herself, but suddenly the puzzle appeared to take
shape within her mind, as if a crucial piece was suddenly placed right before her.  The
seemingly innocent affection and discussions over lunch in her memory quickly took a
different shape.  Washu was something she always feared to be, unsure.  A relationship
with a student, even a former one was not exactly smiled upon.  Remembering her past
marriage ages ago, she recalled how even when things seemed on equal ground
professionally, other factors could come into play, "Sareno I...I don't know.  This 
isn't exactly
the best situation for something like this.  Perhaps in another time or place....."

Sareno didn't wait for her to finish her explanation.  Simply nodding, a slightly 
sorrowful smile on his face, he turned an walked away, "Sorry Washu.  I don't know what
came over me.  I should have realized.  Anyway, I had better get to work on that
presentation."

Washu started to call after him as the door quietly shut behind her student as he left, 
but he
was out of earshot.  She whispered to herself as she stood alone in the dark lab, "What 
I
meant was `another time or place maybe there could have been something'"
_______________

Sareno stood confidently in front of the academic board of the Galaxy Academy Of
Science.  Washu noted that his new theory on sub-space was truly revolutionary, as it
would basically throw out half the current ideas at the time and replace it with 
something
more complex.  As a rule, Washu was not allowed to help Sareno in any way and thus she
had only a mere kora to digest the knowledge before the meeting.  She watched as
Sareno easily defended his theory as the board questioned both his methods and
procedure.  After nearly three days of deliberation, they claimed to have reached a 
verdict.

"Sareno Kadreth, graduate of the Galaxy Academy Of Science, currently working under
Chairman-Director Washu who has abdicated her position for the purposes of the
consideration of your application for tenure due to personal bias, we have reviewed your
work and find it faulty.  Despite your declarations, we do not see how....."

As the speaker droned on, Sareno felt as if his chest had just been blown out by the
explosion of a photon core of a starship.  My results faulty?  The bastard probably 
could
not even understand the first principle of my theory, never mind his ability to judge my
work.  The board must have made an error.

Washu watched helplessly as her student attempted to reason with the board.  Sareno
tried to explain the results, but it was clear that the board saw it as a futile attempt 
to save
his research from a major flaw.  She looked over the paper again and later decided to
reason with the board herself.  She clearly saw that their judgement was incorrect as 
the
review omitted the effects of sub-space travel on certain theoretical constants.  Washu
realized quickly that due to the complexity of the theory, the few who actually 
understood
most of it, did not remember, or never even read her earlier papers on the subject, that
because of the duality between the sub space and real-space, the constants canceled, 
thus
accounting for the data Sareno presented.  She wrote a dissertation condemning the 
review
and submitted it to the panel.  A few days later, realizing their mistake they reversed 
their
decision, submitting an apology to Sareno and offered the status of professor in the
academy.  Washu decided to tell her student the news in person, however, when she
returned to her lab, she found a note on her active computer.

Dear Professor Washu,

I am sorry that I could not wait to tell you this in person, but I feel that the 
academy, in
blindness and ignorance, has betrayed me.  Thus, I feel that I can no longer stay here.  
I
want to thank you for all that you have done for me this past thirty years and hope that 
one
day I can return to you in a greater capacity than I am now.  All I can hope now is that 
we
meet again in another time and another place.

-Sareno


/////End flashback////////

Sareno continued, "I thought you'd come back eventually, but you didn't.  Then I heard 
of
Kagato's exploits and thought that something must have happened.  I....umm...broke into
your records that you kept on database before you disappeared and put two and two
together.  Then when I detected that the sub-space frequency of your personal lab
changed, I figured you must have escaped.  When the Galaxy Police released a report on
the incident with your former student, I was able to trace you here."

Washu listened to all of this, not quite happy of Sareno's admitting to hacking into her
private files, even though they were the ones she kept on the database at the university 
as
opposed to her own system, but was astonished nonetheless, smiling, "Well I suppose I
have a few minutes to spare so why don't we catch up on times?"

They talked well into the night of Sareno's career at the university, Washu joking that 
the
only time Sareno was serious was when he was either working on a personal project or
teaching.  Washu then explained all that had happened after he left, including Kagato's
insanity and her final arrival on earth.

"Well I'm glad that the theories surrounding Ryoko were correct.  I knew that it would 
be
possible to synthetically create a life-form if it were based on actual organic material 
from an
...intelligent life-form as opposed to starting completely from scratch," he smirked.

Washu smiled proudly, but then paused, "Sareno why are you here really?  I know you
aren't here to run a theory by me because you would have already asked about it.  Are 
you
in trouble?  I know you can take care of yourself but..."

Sareno shook his head, interrupting her, "Maybe I just wanted to drop in to see if you
needed any help investigating a new phenomenon....or maybe I wanted to come by to
say hello finally." He paused, lowering his head slightly, which hid his midnight blue 
eyes
behind the spiky purple bangs, "I missed you Washu."

Washu closed her own eyes, and tried to make light of the subject "Well I doubt that I 
can
offer you an assistant role considering your new credentials.  Having read your 
scientific
papers published over the last few centuries, I'd have to offer a joint partnership.  We 
can
connect the sub-space labs.  That would be helpful to me since I'm sure you already have
some of the latest equipment installed which I normally would have to construct for my 
own
work."

Sareno, smiled softly "I think that would work out well and we could...discuss matters 
in
depth at some point." 

Washu, sensing that he wasn't just talking about work, simply nodded in a business like
fashion in agreement.

As Sareno turned to walk out, he stopped and spun around abruptly, astonished, "You
read ALL my papers in a few years?"

Washu blushed slightly, "Well I just skimmed some of them.."

Sareno, fought both the laughter and embarrassment down and managed to smile, "Thank
you Washu.  I hope you liked them.  Any comments, critiques or possible future
experiments based on them would be appreciated" He smirked, "I've missed your red
pen marking up my work, although that didn't occur very often."

He turned and walked out wondering how she managed to get through thousands of
publications based on state of the art techniques.

Washu smiled softly as he left, "I have missed it too".
_______________

END EPISODE 1

Author's Notes: I originally composed a side-story to explain the history behind 
flashback a
little more thoroughly, but have not posted it as it deals with mostly original 
characters as
opposed to the normal crew.  If you want me to submit it (it is completed) email me at
Majingotenks0@hotmail.com.  Hope you enjoy the next part.

-Calico Zero


