It has been at least one Earth year since that day in that Other World that they 
defeated Kain. They were all living happily at the Masaki home. Everyone was 
perfectly happy.

"Goodness me, Ryoko. You're going to eat all that? My, my. I'm afraid you're 
going to gain a little weight from that lot," Ayeka said airily. Ryoko 
completely ignored her and began eating chips. Ayeka got up to go outside, 
followed by Ryoko.

"Hey, princess," Ryoko called, "you sure you don't want any of this?" Ayeka 
sniffed and didn't answer. She began walking towards the shrine to visit Yosho. 
Ryoko flew up to bother Ayeka but stopped. She sensed something, somebody, 
moving around in the trees. Ryoko left Ayeka and flew into the forest to 
investigate.

Ryoko could sense someone watching her. She flew around silently to see if the 
unseen adversary would slip up. She saw a glint of metal and heard someone 
running up towards the shrine. "Stop!" roared Ryoko. She flew as fast as she 
could towards the shrine.

Ryoko burst out of the foliage, sweat forming on her face. She arrived at the 
shrine just as Ayeka began calling for Yosho. Ryoko saw a dark shadow come up 
behind Ayeka when she turned around and put her hands on her hips. Ryoko saw the 
shadow pull a glinting sword from its back. "Ayeka, move!" Ryoko bellowed.

"Why should I Ryo-" Ayeka stopped with a look of painful shock on her face. 
Ryoko saw with horror a bloodstained sword that seemed to grow out of the Jurai 
princess's middle. She staggered forward, her face frozen into an expression of 
agony. Ryoko heard a cruel, hollow laugh.

"If you're smart, you'll stay away from Jurai!" the shadow snarled in grim 
satisfaction as it teleported away. Ryoko zoomed to Ayeka and picked her up, 
mumbling words of support to the princess. She teleported to Washu's lab.

"Washu! It's all right, Ayeka. Washu!" Ryoko gave Ayeka an encouraging look. 
Ayeka was beginning to become pale and was breathing shallowly. Blood was 
soaking Ryoko's arms as she bellowed for the scientist. A door appeared out of 
mid air and Washu stepped out, scolding her daughter.

"Ryoko, do you have to-"

"Washu, Ayeka needs help badly! Hurry!" Ryoko cried, cutting Washu off. Washu 
was horrified.

"Good god, what happened?" Washu asked softly. "Put her on the table." Washu 
tapped something into her computer and a table appeared with a tray of many 
complicated instruments. Ryoko placed Ayeka on it and ripped the kimono off 
Ayeka's bloody middle. Washu gasped when she saw the slit in Ayeka's stomach. 
Washu began grabbing instruments from the tray. She picked up what looked like a 
thin camera tube and turned to Ayeka.

"This might hurt, okay?" Washu told the now quivering Ayeka. The princess 
nodded, her eyes staring at the endless ceiling. Washu slowly inserted the 
camera into the cut. Ayeka shrieked in pain as Washu removed it. Ayeka was 
gasping when Sasami walked in cheerfully, whistling.

"Washu, I brought you rice-" the little princess stopped abruptly. "Washu, 
what're you doing to my sister?"

"Ayeka was stabbed by someone at the shrine!" Ryoko said quickly, beads of sweat 
rolling down her face as Sasami ran to Ayeka.

"Ayeka, Ayeka, you'll be okay, right?" Sasami asked Ayeka, holding her big 
sister's left hand.

"Of course, Sasami-unh," Ayeka groaned as Washu removed another dripping 
instrument. Ayeka turned to Ryoko and smiled weakly. "Ryoko, you'll t-take care 
of S-Sasami, won't you...?" Ayeka trailed off as Washu removed a pair of 
tweezers and a probe.

"No! Don't talk like that, Ayeka." Ryoko stopped, noticing that Ayeka had become 
very still. "Ayeka?" Ayeka did not answer. "No! No, no, no, no!" Ryoko wailed. 
She hugged Ayeka, sobbing. Sasami sniffed loudly and began crying.

"But, I-just finished-" Washu tried to say, a tear rolling down her cheek. Ryoko 
ignored her and continued howling. Washu closed her eyes and took a deep breath. 
"Come, Sasami," she said as calm as she possible. "We must tell the others." 
Washu walked out of the lab, squeezing Sasami's hand as Sasami squeezed hers. 
The little princess was shaking violently, tears streaming down her cheeks. They 
left Ryoko to let her embrace the friend she finally recognized.


Washu had told everyone what had happened. Tenchi went into a stupor; he would 
not respond to anything. Nobiyuki sat under the cherry tree, like when Ryoko and 
Tenchi died that last year, and drank sake once more. Sasami shut herself in her 
room, crying nearly every waking moment. Washu stayed out of her lab for at 
least a day. Yosho was preparing a ceremony for Ayeka; Mihoshi and Kiyone left 
to tell Jurai's Royal Family.

When Tenchi finally snapped out of his daze, he went down to Washu's lab, 
pulling the struggling scientist with him. "Come ON, Washu. I'm worried about 
Ryoko!" Tenchi said firmly, half leading, half dragging Washu down to her lab.
Ryoko had fallen asleep on the cold floor of Washu's lab, clutching Ayeka's cold 
wrist. Tenchi tried to wake her by prodding her shoulder, but Ryoko gave a 
tremendous sob and continued sleeping. The prince sighed as he sat down next to 
Ryoko and began shaking the sleeping pirate Ryoko opened one eye, sniffling. 
"Ryoko, let go of Ayeka," Washu said, trying to wrench Ryoko's grip from Ayeka's 
pale wrist.

"No," choked Ryoko. "She's my friend...don't let her leave..." Tenchi felt pity 
for Ryoko, whose eyes had dark lines under them.

"Please, Ryoko, it's over. Ayeka is dead," Tenchi said softly. He felt his chest 
tighten as he struggled to keep his voice at a normal level. Ryoko sat up and 
began weeping. Tenchi tried to soothe Ryoko as Washu pulled a little mallet out 
of her pocket. Tenchi shook his head sharply as Washu raised her mallet to knock 
Ryoko out.

"No! Ayeka...Ayeka...no...don't..." Ryoko kept repeating Ayeka's name, oblivious 
to Tenchi's attempts to calm her. Tenchi sighed heavily and slapped Ryoko's 
face. Ryoko stopped abruptly and touched her cheek. "Ow," she choked.

"Sorry," Tenchi apologized hastily, "but you need to understand what happened. 
Ayeka is dead," he paused when Ryoko shook her head, "and nothing right now will 
bring her back. Grandpa's waiting at the shrine. We should go now." Ryoko got up 
slowly and picked Ayeka up, never letting go of her wrist. She teleported to the 
shrine, leaving Tenchi and Washu alone.

"You know, they were probably best friends, even though they fought a LOT," 
Washu remarked suddenly. Tenchi nodded, admiring the scientist for her 
perceptiveness. Washu continued. "Poor Ryoko. I'm going to enhance Ryo-oh-ki so 
we can plot our revenge, right, Tenchi?" Tenchi smiled and nodded as he headed 
for the door.


Washu had shut herself in her lab with Ryo-oh-ki. Tenchi could hear agonized 
howls from the cabbit as he saw bright blue flashing coming from the lab. 
Ayeka's parents had arrived with Mihoshi and Kiyone. Misaki was howling loudly, 
causing Azusa and Funaho to be quite uncomfortable. Misaki had a similar 
reaction as Ryoko; she would not let go of her daughter. "Oh my little Ayeka!" 
cried Misaki. "Oh, my...Ayeka..."

"There is a rebel group on Jurai. They call themselves the shadows of Jurai," 
Funaho explained, Tenchi and the others listening intently. Washu had finished 
with Ryo-oh-ki and was slowly massaging the aching cabbit's back. Funaho 
continued. "They reject the current family of Jurai and want to establish their 
own rulers. The first act they have done is kill all of the close friends and 
allies of Jurai, such as the emperor of Nandei and the Royal Wood sculptor 
Nomori Takebe." Tenchi gasped, as this was the father of Asahi Takebe, a friend 
of theirs. They have also tried, of course, to kill Azusa, Misaki, and me. I'm 
guessing they gave up on us for the time being and went after Ayeka. I'm afraid 
that Sasami is in grave danger." Funaho sobbed, but caught herself and stopped. 
She sighed instead.

Suddenly, something flitted past the window. Only Sasami seemed to notice. She 
looked out the window, apprehensive. As she turned around, a dark shadow 
appeared behind her, unsheathing a glinting sword. Tenchi noticed and gave a 
roar of fury.

"Nooo!" There was a tremendous flash of light and an explosion. When their eyes 
adjusted, they saw a man sprawled on the floor with the Juraian guard uniform 
and a sword a few feet away. Tenchi's shimmering, blue robe had appeared again, 
as did his Jurai mark on his forehead. Everyone was staring at Tenchi, awed. 
"Thank goodness that Tsunami is watching us," he muttered. He vaguely thought of 
tying the Juraian up. A rope appeared above him out of nowhere and fell to his 
shoulders. "What?" muttered Tenchi. He remembered that he had powers and 
shrugged. "Washu, please help me tie up this guy." Washu nodded and sat the 
unconscious man up while Tenchi tied him up tightly, giving the last knot a 
forceful jerk. "Washu, you can question him. I don't think I know what to ask." 
Washu giggled and nodded mischievously.

Washu began slapping the Juraian's face, much to the amusement of the others. 
The man regained consciousness and began struggling at once. Washu slapped him 
again, causing him to stop and scowl furiously. He caught sight of the king and 
queens of Jurai and swelled with irrepressible anger. "Ooh! Let me go! Let me at 
them! Kill them! What are you waiting for? Yow!" Washu slapped him promptly.

"Shut up!" she said harshly, in a manner that they had never seen before. "Speak 
only when spoken to!" The Juraian cowered under the scientist's piercing glare. 
Washu grinned with satisfaction. "Good. Now, did you kill Princess Ayeka?" she 
asked slowly. The man nodded with grim satisfaction.

"Yes! And proud of it!" he retorted, spitting on Washu's red face. Washu punched 
the Juraian in pure fury.

"Why?" she roared, her eyes flaring. The Juraian grinned insolently.

"I hate this family of Jurai! They're all bumbling fools! You will find that 
many of my Shadows, under the command of my partner, have destroyed this place 
you call Earth. You cannot see it, for we left this place in peace so we can 
properly destroy you all!" he said. He turned to Sasami, who was white with 
fear. "Princess Sasami, I WILL have you life!" Washu lost her temper. Quick as 
lightning, she whipped the mallet out of her pocket and cracked it in half on 
the man's skull. He groaned and slumped forward.

"Misaki, Funaho, Azusa...you should all stay here. We can protect you here," 
Washu said, her face slowly going from a reddish color to pale. Tenchi had taken 
his Light Hawk sword out and was clutching until his knuckles were white. The 
Emperor and his wives nodded morosely. "I'll be in my lab if you need me."


Ayeka's death had an odd effect on Ryoko. She rarely smiled and Tenchi couldn't 
help noticing that she seemed to have lost much interest in seducing him. Also, 
to make things even more odd, she wasn't sleeping on her futon or on her 
favorite rafter at all anymore. A few days after they captured the Juraian, 
Tenchi was getting a drink of water at around eleven o'clock. He heard Ryoko 
open and shut the front door. He was worried about his friend, so he decided to 
follow her, leaving his full glass.

He found no one in the shadowy yard. "Darn. Where'd she go?" Tenchi muttered. He 
heard a soft scraping noise behind him and wheeled around. Ryoko, apparently, 
had jumped from the roof of the house and was pointing her sword straight at 
Tenchi. Tenchi, startled by what Ryoko was doing, did not retaliate in time. He 
moved to the right just as Ryoko thrust her sword forward. It cut through 
Tenchi's left arm as if it were butter. The Prince gasped in pain.

"Ryoko, what're you doing?" he said loudly, wincing as Ryoko withdrew her sword.

"Tenchi! I thought you were-I thought you were another Shadow," she sputtered. 
"I don't want to lose any more friends." Tenchi started. Was this Ryoko, who was 
talking this way? "Come on, let's take you to Washu before you lose any more 
blood. Come on." 

Ryoko took Tenchi's good arm and teleported from the yard. They both reappeared 
in Washu's lab, where the pink-haired scientist was cleaning the dried blood off 
a metal table. She was very absorbed in her task and did not notice the two 
behind her. "Washu!" Ryoko said suddenly. Washu started and looked up. "Washu, 
please, fix Tenchi. I hurt him, and I don't want him to die."

"Why? What happened to him?" She gasped when she caught sight of Tenchi's arm, 
which was bleeding profoundly, blood dripping to the floor. Tenchi swayed and 
was immediately supported by Ryoko. "Here. Put him on the table. I'll take care 
of him. He'll live," Washu said with an odd expression on her face. Ryoko did 
not notice and nodded. She teleported away as Washu turned to Tenchi.

"Tenchi, is Ryoko acting weird or what?" she asked Tenchi as she rolled his left 
sleeve up, allowing her to work on his arm. Tenchi winced and replied.

"I know. She told me 'I don't want to lose anymore friends.' I'm worried about 
her, Washu." Washu nodded as she wiped the blood from his arm, leaving it 
glistening with water. Before any more blood could drip, she wrapped the wound 
with a thick layer of cloth after applying a generous amount of antiseptic. 
Tenchi's muscle twitched as she did all of this. "Thank you, Washu," Tenchi 
said, bowing to the genius. Washu blushed.

"Well, no worries. Come back in the morning so I can change that bandage."


Ryoko reappeared at the shrine. She passed through the door of Yosho's office 
without a sound. Ayeka was lying peacefully in the middle of the room on a thin, 
white mattress. Misaki was sleeping soundly a few feet away from Ayeka, dark 
lines under her eyes. The space pirate floated over to Ayeka, her face 
expressing a deep longing. She landed softly nest to the princess and stroke 
Ayeka's soft, violet hair. Unnatural calmness and beauty seemed to radiate from 
Ayeka's pale body.

Quite suddenly, Ryoko burst into tears. The pirate went on like this for about 
half an hour until she heard a sound in the shadows behind Misaki. She saw a 
familiar glint and sensed something moving about. Since her eyes were accustomed 
to extreme darkness, she saw a shadow rise up behind the sleeping queen. Ryoko 
gave an infuriated roar and threw a ball of energy at the shadow. There was an 
explosion, but, oddly enough, Misaki did not wake. She only gave a sob and 
turned over. 

Ryoko sighed in relief and went to see what it was. It was another Shadow with a 
sword in his hand, but dead. Ryoko shrugged and went back over to Ayeka. She let 
a single tear roll down her cheek before curling up and sleeping.

Yosho slid the door open slowly, wondering what was making the noise. He saw the 
dead Shadow and Ryoko sleeping quietly next to her friend. He nodded wisely and 
turned to leave. "I'm worried about Ryoko," he thought aloud. What? He sensed 
something moving around unseen in the shadows. "So," he said. "You are all THIS 
dishonorable that you go to kill people when their back is turned?" He gave a 
mighty yell and pulled a wooden katana out of his robe, breaking it over the 
head of a Shadow as she tried slashing down on his shoulder. She passed out 
immediately. Yosho threw the other half of the katana to the ground and picked 
up the sword from the Shadow. 

Shadows were beginning to appear among the trees, their eyes glinting with 
hatred. So, Yosho thought to himself, this is my fate!
"Come then! Fight me if that is your intent! Cowards!" Yosho said loudly as his 
anger rose. "It is inevitable that I will not defeat you all, but I can try to 
take as many of you with me as possible!" A tall Shadow, apparently the leader, 
walked up and spoke, his white teeth glinting as he grinned evilly.

"All right, then. I was going to fight you and let you beg for your life, Yosho, 
but I like this better." He stepped back as his fighters formed a circle around 
Tenchi's grandfather. He grinned. "Attack!"

Swarms of Juraians gathered around Yosho, unsheathing their swords gleefully. 
Yosho gave a roar of fury and threw himself at the grinning Juraians, his own 
people. He slashed and thrust, cutting down warriors with the speed and agility 
only a trained fighter could use. Many fell to Yosho's dripping blade as he 
dodged and blocked the attacks from the Shadows. The battle became more intense 
as more skilled warriors took the places of the fallen ones. Still, Yosho 
continued hacking at the scores of Shadows piling around him. He could feel 
himself slowing down from strain and felt the weak slashes and thrusts of the 
Shadows finally hurting.

Yosho saw the leader was standing away from the mˆl‚e, pale and quivering. He 
felt a sword embed itself in the middle of his back. Regardless of this, he put 
on a great spurt of energy and ran towards the leader, bowling over Shadows as 
he blazed a path through the horde. The leader squeaked when he spotted Yosho 
and tried to move into a stance, but seemed petrified. Yosho felt his energy 
draining away, so he mustered up all his strength and sent his bloodstained 
sword through the leader's belly, causing him to howl in agony and topple 
backwards as Yosho fell forward. The fighting spirit from the Shadows 
disappeared at once. They all whispered to each other and nodded as they 
teleported away.

Yosho smiled and managed to drag himself over to the shrine stairs. Tenchi and 
Ryoko will complete the task, he thought as he reached the stairs. Funaho was 
walking up the steps to visit Yosho and spotted him drag himself over. She 
gasped and sprinted up the stairs. "Yosho! Yosho, oh my dear Yosho, what 
happened?" she whispered as Yosho changed into his true appearance. There was a 
high-pitched sound that came from the lake as Funaho cradled her only son's 
head. "Yosho...your tree, it's crying for you," she said, stroking his forehead. 
Yosho smiled weakly.

"Yes," Yosho choked and coughed. "Funaho will die. Please, mother, 
avenge...Ayeka..." Yosho's eyes closed as he smiled at his mother.

Funaho's eyes widened. "Yosho?" She shook her son. "Yosho!" Funaho sobbed and 
began crying. "Yosho...my Yosho...." She managed to drag Yosho over to his 
office. She put him next to Ayeka and said a short prayer. "I'm-I'm proud of 
you-Yosho."

Tenchi woke with a start. His dream was awful. He dreamt that his grandfather 
had engaged in a fateful battle with a horde of Shadows at the shrine. Tenchi 
bit his lip. A vision, he thought, probably from Tsunami! "We have to do 
SOMETHING!" 

~~~~~

Hi! Yeah, yeah, all my stories are dark, but I resort to writing when I'm IN a 
dark mood, all right? I don't know if you people think if it's as good as the 
other ones that I've done. Aw, I'm afraid of someone suing me that I'm going to 
put a disclaimer. EVEN though I hate having to put one...

Disclaimer: I am completely knowledgeable that these characters are not mine and 
that they belong fully to Pioneer and AIC.

