Shaken: A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing - Chapter I - The Killings Start

Legal Disclaimer-  OK don't sue me!  I don't own the very large majority of
these characters.  (about all I know about the people that do, is that they
are Japanese)  I love Ayeka, and all of the gang, (but Ayeka and Kiyone the
most in the girls section) and I don't want to take away from them.  PLEASE
DON'T SUE ME!  I'm broke anyway.  So here's the story.

Life was normal in the Masaki home.  Ayeka and Ryoko were fighting, Kiyone
was yelling at Mihoshi, Washu was in her lab, and Ryo-Ohki was with Sasami,
who was making lunch.  Little did they know that at that moment, Tenchi was
observing them.  He knew the girls wanted him.  And he could see by the
determination in her eyes which one he should pick.  About a year from the
date we are on, is now.  Just like that, gone.  It was lunch.  Everyone was
happy, so Tenchi made an anouncement.  "Excuse me everyone.  I have a
question I would like to ask one of the girls.  He slowly walked over to the
girl of his choice.  Then he got on his knees.  "Will you marry me?"  He
asked her.  She fainted.  An hour later, Ayeka woke up.  "Yes Lord Tenchi.
Yes."  They would marry in about 6 months.  On an ordianry morning three
months before they were married, Tenchi was swatting a fly.  It flew to
Washu, who caght it.  She looked at it closely, and flipped a switch.  The
fly grew in size, to about the size of a small car.  Ryoko curiosly opened a
door.  Smoke was everywhere, and when it cleared, Tenchi was holding a young
girl, about 15 years old.  She had purple/black hair, dark black eyes and a
face that resembled Tenchi's and Ayeka's put together.  When she was awake,
she introduced herself.  "Good afternoon.  My name is Ryakami.  I have come
in search of my mother, Ayeka Jurai Masaki, and my father, Tenchi Masaki.  I
have used the time machine created by Washu Hakubi to return to the time
before my mother was killed."  Ayeka was feeling some hate.  She didn't know
why.  She just did.  The day went on as usual, Tenchi at the shrine, ect.
Ryakami mostly watched Ayeka and Ryoko fight.  Then Ayeka just exploded.
She
grabbed the master key from Tenchi who was comming in the door, and lept at
Ryoko.  Ayeka was knocked out.  Ryakami was mad.  VERY mad.  She picked up
the master key, and lept at Ryoko with amazing speed.  Caught Ryoko's
shoulder.  Tenchi broke them up, but hostalities grew on both sides.  Ayeka
woke up.  And then the hate came over her again.  Washu did a DNA test.
Positive.  Ryakami really was her child.  Ryakami must die.  And Washu.
They
both must die. "What am I thinking!" she said out loud.  "What Ayeka?" asked
Mihoshi.  (thats just so typicaly her, but this time she caught on to
something)  Ayeka, realizing she had spoken said "I didn't say anything."
"Oh but you did princess."  Ryoko had come down stairs.  "DINNER!" Everyone
but Ryakami and Ayeka went into the kitchen.  Ryoko and Mihoshi, they too
must die.  Little did everyone realize that Ayeka was fighting with herself
non-stop, and would eventually go insane from this.  "Kiyone should be back
by now." Tenchi said.  Ayeka offered to go check on her. (Kiyone ran to
MihoKiyo to go change out of uniform.)
Tenchi told her to go ahead.  So Ayeka walked over and found Kiyone napping.
Out of nowhere, she saw Kiyone's blaster.  She leved it off, and her icy
cold
fingers slowly squeezed the trigger.  You can't do this.  Kiyone is your
best
friend.  So she simply threw the blaster into her little bag type thing, and
woke up Kiyone.  As they walked to Tenchi's, Ayeka revealed her muderous
thoughts to Kiyone.  Kiyone swore never to tell, or Ayeka would kill her.
Kiyone knew that Ayeka would.  After dinner, everyone went into the living
room to watch the show about the little aliens, the one where the guy cheats
on the girl.  Then they all went to bed.  Ayeka was the only one awake.
Mihoshi and Kiyone stayed because it was raining, and Ryakami was in
Tenchi's
room.  Ayeka carefully sliped out of her room.  She sneaked down to Washu's
lab, where Washu was sleeping.  She leveled the blaster, and pulled the
trigger.  Washu didn't make a sound.  Ayeka slipped out and went back to
bed.
 Washu was it for tonight, and the blaster must be hidden.  The next
morning,
Sasami asked Ayeka of all people to go and fetch Washu.  Ayeka went in, and
walked right to where Washu's corpse lay.  She stood there for about 30
seconds, and then to cover her murder, she ran out yelling for Tenchi.
"Tenchi!  Washu...Washu's... she's... she's... DEAD!"  They investigated,
but
could find no susect nor a motive.  Ayeka stared at Kiyone.  I can't let
Ayeka get away, but I can't tell on her.  I'm her best friend, and I... I...
I don't know what to do.  Look at her icy eyes.  I am the only one who knows
about her emotional struggle.  I can see it in her eyes.  She feels
something
that is driving her insane, driving her to kill.  I must know what it is so
I
can help.  The murder went usolved, so Ayeka decided not to kill that night.
So everyone was wide awake.  The next morning, Ayeka said what she "thought"
happened.  "She must have used herself for a test subject." Everyone
accepted
this theroy, and thought Washu's death nothing.(!) The next morning, Sasami
ran screaming, "Ryoko's DEAD!  Someone has killed her."  Again, no motive,
no
suspect, nothing.  I will kill Sasami.  She might see me sneaking out one
night.  So that night, Ayeka woke up Sasami.  They snuck out.  This time,
Ayeka did not use the blaster.  She and Sasami walked through out the woods.
Ayeka took Sword Tenchi-ken, and started wounding herself.  This shook
Sasami.  "Ayeka STOP!  You will kill yourself."  With these words, Sasami
hurled herself on Ayeka.  Ayeka grasped her shoulders tightly and looked
into
her ruby eyes.  "It's not myself I want to kill"  She said as Sasami
realized
the horrible truth.  "You killed them!  Ayeka!  What has been done to you!"
Ayeka said nothing as she grabbed Sasami around the neck.  Just before she
cut off her head, she said in the coldest of tones "I am a killer.  You can
do nothing to alter that.  That girl, Ryakami, she is my daughter.  Good-bye
Sasami."  "Ayek-"  Sasami's head was still attached, but the sword went
straight through her heart.  Sasami's body thuded the ground, and about  4
hours later, Ayeka passed out due to lack of blood.  The next morning, they
were found.  Sasami was dead.  Ayeka was almost dead.  Kiyone came in
Ayeka's
hospital room, and told Ayeka she knew.  "Know what?"  The cold voice again.
"You killed Sasami.  Who's your next target?"  "Don't know yet."  "Why did
you kill them?"  Ayeka's eyes were on fire.  "Ryakami" was all that she
said.
 Kiyone couldn't get her to speak.  At all.

So concludes this chapter of Shaken: A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing
