Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Reunion"


	The Loyalist base on Barella III was teeming with activity. The only 
habitable planet in the Barella system was a blue and green sphere that was 
perfect for the Loyalist forces. The system itself was located in a dense part 
of the Empire, thus making it hard for the enemy to actually realize where the 
base was. When it was not being mobilized, the Loyalist fleet would spend its 
down time hiding between a pair of local nebulae. 

      For the past several days communications had been coming in announcing two 
important arrivals. Both arrivals were bearing members of the Royal family. One 
was carrying the First Crown Prince and Princess, along with the Regent Shoytal, 
husband to the Empress. The second, and the most important to the Juraians, 
incoming arrival was bringing the Empress herself safely to the base. With this 
news spreading through the Loyalist ranks, a new fervor began to grow among the 
forces. Their strongest leaders and warriors were returning to them. Now, 
victory against the enemy was almost assured.

_____ 

	Sasami stood on the balcony of her room watching the city below. The 
buildings and domes of Cylrya shone brightly under Barella's yellow sun. The 
princess was wearing an orange kimono lined in red with an outer robe of white 
and pink. She leaned on the railing, inhaled a deep breath, and let it out with 
a smile. Her family was coming back to her safe and sound. Eyes closed, Sasami 
stretched out with her senses.

	Ayeka and her group were the closest. They would most likely arrive before 
the day was out. Next were Tenchi and Ryoko. Another day would probably go by 
before they arrived. Finally, somewhere out there, she felt Washu heading for 
Barella III. When the genius would arrive was anyone's guess. The princess 
tilted her head slightly to the left, sensing someone coming out on to the 
balcony. 

	"Hello, Riley," she said without opening her eyes.

	She cracked her left eye to see him stop next to her. "How did you...no 
wait, never mind," he told her with a chuckle. "Probably better I don't know." 
The detective was dressed in his make shift GP uniform. Both his guns were 
holstered at his sides.

	"Expecting some excitement?" she asked with a half smile. 

	He reached out and put his arm around her shoulders. "No, but I've finally 
learned that trouble follows you around like your shadow. I don't plan on being 
caught off guard again."

	Sasami raised an eyebrow at him. "So what are you saying? Am I bad luck?"

	Riley leaned down and kissed her lightly on the lips. "You're my kind of 
bad luck, lady."

	"You are such a sweetie," cooed the princess as she threw her arms around 
his neck and kissed him back. 

	"Are you sure a princess should be doing what we're doing out in plain 
sight on this balcony?" he asked between kisses.

	Sasami pulled back slightly to give him a mischievous grin. "I've never 
been one to follow the rules of royalty. I learned early on in life that I'd 
rather live free than by someone else's rules." She followed up her statement 
with another deep kiss.

	The couple's impromptu make out session was interrupted by an alert sound 
from the COM unit inside Sasami's room. Sasami reluctantly broke off the kiss 
and walked back inside. She ran her fingers through her hair once and 
straightened her kimono before opening a view screen. The visage of a fresh 
faced commander greeted her.

	"Sorry to bother you, princess," he apologized.

	"No bother, commander," she told him with a practiced smile. "What is the 
purpose of your call?"

	He nodded before continuing. "I have just received a communication from 
hyperspace. The Royal Pride will be arriving very soon bearing the Empress. I 
just thought you would like to know in advance."

	Sasami gave him a genuine smile this time. "Thank you very much, 
commander. You've made my day with this news." The commander blushed slightly 
before nodding again and signing off.

	"Well that is certainly some good news," said Riley.

	Sasami didn't reply directly to him. Instead, she began to run around the 
room grabbing articles of clothing and jewelry. "Oh dear! Ayeka's going to be 
here sooner than I thought. There's not a lot of time, and I haven't even 
thought about getting ready for her arrival."

	"I think you look fine," Riley told her.

	She stopped momentarily to kiss him briefly. "You're sweet to say that, 
but that doesn't help me at all." She looked him up and down with a half grin. 
"You're a slob, honey." That said, the princess grabbed him by the arm and 
shuttled him out the door. "Now, be a good boyfriend and go get cleaned up. I 
don't want Ayeka to meet you looking like that."

	The door shut, and Riley stood there looking himself over for a moment. "I 
thought the grunge look was in?" he said to no one.

_____ 

	 The Royal Pride exited hyperspace alone into the Barella system. The rest 
of the fleet was already proceeding to its predesignated resting coordinates. 
Ayeka was dressed in her old military uniform and sitting in the battleship's 
command chair. As she had during the Goddess war, Ayeka had once again cut her 
purple hair to the neck and wore it pulled back into a ponytail, calling 
attention to the circlet on her forehead. To her right was Admiral Judroa, and 
her Royal Guard were stationed several feet behind her. All four men, including 
Mastir who had reinstated himself to the position, were equipped in the armor of 
a Juraian knight along with tree weapons. The Empress checked a readout of the 
system.

	"Send a communication to Barella III that we have arrived in system and to 
prepare a hanger for us at the base," ordered Ayeka.

	"Yes, Majesty," replied the COM officer.

	"What is the first order of business?" Judroa asked her. 

	"First I want you to get me a fresh count of all ships and troops at our 
disposal after the rescue operation," she told him. "Then we wait until Lord 
Tenchi and the others arrive. We cannot hope to battle this Gabriel entity 
without them."

	"Do you have any idea what this Gabriel actually is or what he is after?" 
questioned the Admiral.

	Ayeka was silent for a moment. "No," she said finally. "And that is what 
bothers me. Even after all the times he had me brought to dine with him, I was 
never able to get a clear picture of what he is planning. All I do know is that 
he seeks revenge for a supposed wrong done to him."

	"Vengeance clouds the minds of men," commented Judroa.

	The Empress looked up at him. "Remember, Admiral. This Gabriel is no man."

	The blue green sphere of Barella III grew quickly in front of the 
battleship. The Royal Pride easily passed through the atmosphere to descend upon 
the city of Cylrya. Once the immense ship was docked in a hanger, Ayeka, 
followed by her retinue, made her way to the exit ramp at a determined gait. 
Ayeka tapped her booted feet impatiently while waiting for the ramp to lower. 
When it finally did, she rapidly descended into the hanger only to be greeted by 
numerous politicians and military personnel. One at a time she issued orders to 
each of them, sending each one scurrying off to complete the war leader's 
orders.

	"Gather all the highest ranking officers in city along with the city's 
holy council," she told one lieutenant. "I want them in a conference room in one 
hour ready to hear what I have to say."

	"Yes, Ma'am!" the officer replied with a stiff salute. Ayeka saluted back, 
and he was off and running. 

	She had finally made it out of the hanger and into the hall that connected 
it to the main part of the base, when a new voice caused the Empress to stop. 

	"Ayeka!"

	The Juraian ruler turned her head and did a double take when she saw her 
younger sister running up from the hanger. "Sasami?" The princess and the 
Empress were suddenly embracing. Ayeka was surprised to find herself so 
overjoyed she was teary eyed.

	She stepped back with her hands resting on the aqua haired woman's 
shoulders. Sasami was dressed to the last detail in accordance with her station 
as Second Crown Princess. Her red and blue kimono was overlaid by a white robe 
with silver leaves on the shoulders. Diamond teardrop earrings dangled from her 
ears, and she wore the appropriate amount of makeup. 

	"Sasami," she said again while grinning like an idiot. "What on Jurai are 
you doing here? Kiyone told me that she had you taken to a safe place."

	Her sister smiled back and shrugged. "I asked the commander of the base 
not to tell you I was here. I wanted it to be a surprise. Besides, I need to be 
here, so I had Riley take us back." She nodded to someone standing behind her.

	For the first time Ayeka noticed the Galaxy Police Officer standing behind 
Sasami. He was fairly tall and good looking, wearing a dress uniform. When her 
eyes fell on him, this Riley immediately dropped into a deep bow. "It's an honor 
to meet you, Empress."

	I took her a moment, but Ayeka suddenly caught the look in Sasami's eyes 
while Riley was straightening back up. "Oh dear," she said under her breath. The 
Empress didn't have much time to think further on the subject because of...

	"Riley!" came Kiyone's bellow from the hanger. 

	The GP stiffened at the sound of his superior's voice. "Here it comes," he 
mumbled. 

	The teal haired captain stormed up to him with daggers for eyes. "What the 
hell are you doing here, detective? I thought I gave you specific orders to get 
the princess as far away from this war as possible? Did I stutter or are you 
just deaf, dumb, and stupid?"

	"I am none of the above, Ma'am!" he replied stiffly while looking straight 
ahead. "Certain events occurred that forced us to leave my selected safe house!"

	Ayeka looked at Sasami questioningly. "What happened, Sasami?"

	The princess took a moment before answering. "Well, to put it simply, they 
found us and nearly captured me."

	"What?" barked the Empress. "They were hunting you?" Ayeka raised her 
right hand and wiped it across her face. "This is like the Goddess War all over 
again."

	"No, Ayeka," replied Sasami seriously. "This is much worse than the 
Goddess War. The Goddess War was about domination. This conflict goes beyond 
such simple things."

	In that moment, Ayeka knew that it was not her sister alone talking to 
her. The two circle runes on her forehead were a permanent reminder of what 
Sasami had become thirteen years before. "What do you know, Sasami? Please tell 
me about Gabriel."

	Her sister's eyes widened at the mention of the entity's name. "I know 
enough," she replied finally with a now emotionless face. "And I will explain 
everything in time. That's why I came here, Ayeka. I have to explain what's 
going on, but I can only do that once everyone has returned."

	Ayeka slowly reached out to grip Sasami's shoulder softly. Then she gave 
her a warm smile. "Okay, Sasami. We'll wait for the others to get here." She 
reached down and took her sister's hand. "Can you at least take a walk with your 
older sister until her first meeting?"

	Sasami smiled back at her happily. "Any time, sister."

	The Empress looked over her shoulder at all the gathered bodyguards 
waiting in the wings. "All protectors of the Royal family are on leave for the 
next hour. That is an order."

	Her four knights reluctantly saluted, but Riley started to say something 
in response. Before the first word could even leave his mouth, Kiyone had 
grabbed him by the front of his jacket. 

	"Don't say a word, mister!" she growled. "I think it's time we had a 
conversation about whom exactly you take orders from."

	The two sisters walked away from the hanger entrance with the sound of 
Kiyone chewing out Riley echoing behind them. It was not long until the pair was 
walking along the raised walkways above the streets of Cylrya. Space trees 
dotted the city from end to end. One especially tall one gave off a small 
display of prismatic rays as the Empress and the princess passed by. Sasami 
smiled and waved at the tree.

	"Do you truly understand them?" asked Ayeka.

	Sasami nodded. "Yes. I always hear them wherever I am. It's like a sweet 
song forever playing at the back of my consciousness. As long as I can hear 
their song, I know that everything is right in the galaxy."

	"So how is everything?" 

	"There is a lot of pain out there, Ayeka," replied the princess. "Neither 
the trees nor I can sense the Juraians who follow Gabriel."

	Ayeka was silent for a moment. "Can you tell me why they follow him? I 
must know, Sasami. Were the people really that dissatisfied with my rule?"

	Sasami squeezed her hand affectionately. "No, Ayeka. I want you to know 
right now that none of this was your fault. What I will tell you is that those 
who follow Gabriel have been Touched."

	"Touched?" repeated the Empress. "What does that mean?"

	"Think of it like a disease," answered Sasami. "Once you are infected, you 
only have ears to for the commands of Gabriel. And once you are infected, you 
can spread it to others. That is why we call them the Touched. For all that one 
needs to do to spread it is touch another person, and they follow Gabriel 
blindly."

	"How monstrous," Ayeka breathed. They walked in silence for several 
minutes before she spoke again, changing the subject to something lighter. "So, 
how much longer will you not tell me about you and this Riley fellow?"

	Sasami immediately went through several shades of red. This caused her 
sister to chuckle. "I am not as blind to such things as I once was, Sasami. I 
saw it in the way you looked at him."

	"Is it that obvious?" she asked, still blushing.

	Ayeka shook her head. "Only to women, my dear. Men are too thick headed to 
notice such things. So, how involved are you two?"

	"Ayeka, I don't think..."

	"It is my right as both your older sister and head of the Royal family to 
ask," Ayeka told her. "You are still the Second Crown Princess of Jurai, and 
there is a certain amount of responsibility that comes with that."

	"Don't start quoting tradition to *me*, Ayeka," warned Sasami. "One, 
certain circumstances give me a unique position. Two, before you start heaping 
Royal responsibility on me, talk to Ryoko first. She's First Crown Princess."

	Ayeka groaned. "Don't remind me, and stop trying to change the subject."

	"Fine," relented the princess at last. "Yes, we're having sex. There I 
said it. I'm thirty one, Ayeka. I think I'm old enough to make my own decisions 
when it comes to such matters."

	"Humph," replied Ayeka with a smirk. She reached out and pushed her sister 
lightly. "I'm still your older sister, and I worry about you."

	Sasami finally smiled back after a few seconds. "I know you're just trying 
to look out for me, but you don't have to worry. Riley really cares about me, 
more so than any other guy I've ever dated. He knows the real me, and he accepts 
both the woman and the goddess. And at least he's Juraian," she added at the 
end."

	Ayeka raised her eyebrows at that last remark. "Then there is at least 
some hope for him." The sisters laughed together, while continuing to walk along 
the skyline path of Cylrya.

_____ 

	"How much longer until we get there?" Ryoko asked for the fifth time that 
hour.

	"We're pushing the hyper-drive engine to the limit, your Highness," 
replied the commander of the tree ship. "It shouldn't be much more that a few 
hours."

	Ryoko threw her hands up in a huff. With her hair still braided into a 
single ponytail and wearing her black and gray clothes, it was obvious to 
everyone that the pirate was looking for a fight.

	Tenchi, wearing a military uniform of brown pants, a black shirt, and long 
brown coat with golden leaves on the shoulders, stepped forward and laid a hand 
on his wife's shoulder. "Ryoko, just calm down. This isn't going to get us there 
any faster."

	She turned on him with a fire blazing behind her golden eyes. "You're 
telling me to calm down? It's the damned Goddess War all over again, Tenchi! 
Those bastards have my little girl and are most likely going to do something 
horrible to her, and you tell me to be calm!?"

	"We don't know all the details, yet," he tried to tell her. "All we know 
is that she was captured during the mission to rescue Ayeka."

	The mention of the Empress only succeeded in setting off a new fire under 
Ryoko's skin. "Well that's just perfect! They go in to save the priss, and what 
happens? My baby takes her place!"

	Tenchi slapped his forehead. "Ryoko! You can't slam Ayeka like that in 
front of the troops."

	"Screw them!" she shot back. "You think I really give a damn what they or 
she thinks right now? All I want is to go and get Mayuka back, NOW!"

	"It wasn't Ayeka's fault, Ryoko," Tenchi told her with a sigh.

	The pirate marched up and stuck her right index finger in his face. "Don't 
you dare defend Her, buddy. Don't even start thinking like that!" she growled. 
Before Tenchi could even get in another word, Ryoko teleported off of the bridge 
to some other part of the ship."

	"I've seen a tempest more docile than that," said someone from behind.

	Tenchi turned to see his grandfather, still young, dressed in a white 
uniform with blue lapels on his coat. "For a moment I felt like I was eighteen 
again," Tenchi told him.

	"She is just afraid, Tenchi," Yosho explained. "Fear makes us all do 
strange things."

	"You don't think I know she's afraid?" he replied. Tenchi started tapping 
the side of his head. "I feel her up here, Grandpa. I sometimes know what she's 
feeling before she does." He sighed and rubbed his face. "And it's not just 
Mayuka. It's everything and more."

	Yosho raised an eyebrow. "Really?"

	Tenchi nodded. "Aside from Mayuka, there's the whole Rashoch thing. And 
just yesterday, Ryoko felt Washu again for the first time in weeks."

	"So," the former prince said slowly, "Washu is awake and on her way."

	"Yeah," confirmed Tenchi. "She's heading this way, and Ryoko's not pleased 
about it. She won't tell me everything, but they had a really bad fight the day 
Gabriel attack the house. Apparently Washu crossed the line somehow."

	"Would you like my advice for old time's sake?" his grandfather asked.	

	Tenchi shrugged and gave him a tired smile. "Couldn't hurt."

	Yosho walked up and placed a hand on his right shoulder. "Stay out of it, 
my boy. It may be the wisest thing you ever do in your lifetime."

_____ 

	Holding to Yosho's advice, all occupants of the tree ship went to great 
lengths to stay out of Ryoko's way for the next several hours. When they finally 
entered the Barella system there was a collective sigh of relief. The ship was 
just entering the planet's atmosphere when Hiro and Leah entered the hold with 
the exit hatch. Hiro, still wearing his blue jeans, a red T-shirt, and a black 
jacket, immediately saw his parents standing directly in front of the hatch with 
Ryo-ohki sitting at their feet. Ukarit and his men were standing just a few feet 
away, still keeping their distance from Ryoko.

	Leah, dressed in a pair of red pants, white blouse with a red vest, and a 
long sleeveless red coat, whistled. "I don't think I've ever seen her this mad 
before."

	"When mom gets pissed, she really goes for the gold," Hiro told her. "It's 
why I always go to dad when I'm in trouble. He'll just triple my chores."

	There was a slight shudder as the battleship completely passed through the 
upper atmosphere. "All hands prepare for touchdown." 

	Everyone in the hold, except Ryoko, quickly grabbed something to keep from 
falling. The pirate simply levitated off the floor several inches. When the ship 
finally landed, Ryoko disappeared. "Crap," cursed Tenchi. "Hiro, follow her 
while I get this hatch open."

	Hiro swallowed hard, but nodded all the same. "Right, dad." The teen sent 
himself outside the ship into the hanger.

	He snapped his head in the direction of a small cry. His mother was only 
fifteen feet away and holding some poor member of the hanger crew up in the air. 
"Where is She?" she was demanding.

	"Who?" squeaked the man.

	Ryoko lowered him down to her face. "Ayeka."

	The crewman was sweating from sheer fear. "The Empress is in the base," he 
blurted out.

	"Where?" asked Ryoko dangerously.

	"I...I don't know!" he stammered. Ryoko huffed once and dropped him. The 
crewman landed and quickly scurried away as fast as his hands and legs could get 
him.

	Having been given a direction, Ryoko flew off towards the main part of the 
base. Hiro was about to follow, when he heard footsteps coming up behind him. 
His father and the others came to quick stop next to him. "Where did she go?" 
Tenchi asked.

	Hiro pointed towards the access tunnel. "That way. She's looking for Aunt 
Ayeka."

	"Great," his father muttered. "Come on. We'd better find her before she 
does something stupid."

	"What could she possibly do?" asked Leah.

	Tenchi looked over at Shoytal, who shared his knowing look. "Attack the 
Empress." Without another word, the two men ran off in the direction Ryoko had 
gone, hoping to get to their wives before it was too late.

	Leah looked over at Hiro. "Will she really attack the Empress of Jurai?"

	Yosho stepped forward to answer her question. "It would not be the first 
time, child. Come, we don't want to miss the action." The former prince moved 
past them towards the base.

	"At least I don't own this place," commented Ukarit as he walked past.

	Hiro looked at where everyone was walking or running, and just sighed. 
Then he looked back at Leah. "And that's my family."

	He was surprised when Leah smiled at him. "Now I see where you get your 
temper." She continued to smile as she followed after everyone else. 

	Hiro stood there for a moment thinking of something to say. "What temper?" 
was all he could come up with before running after her.

_____ 

	People were blown aside as Ryoko flew through the halls of the base. She 
came to a stop at an intersection, hovering several inches off the ground. The 
pirate sniffed the air once. Ayeka's scent was strong everywhere, but it was 
strongest towards a turbolift just a few feet away. Satisfied, Ryoko flew up 
through the ceiling until she found the floor where the Empress had exited the 
lift. The scent lead her to a door guarded by two armed soldiers standing at 
attention. 

	As Ryoko neared, one of the soldiers raised a halting hand. "Miss, you 
this room is off limits to anyone but military pers..." 

	His sentence was cut off as Ryoko grabbed each one by the front of their 
armor and tossed them down opposite ends of the hall. Deciding on an attention 
grabbing entrance, Ryoko punched her right hand into the door and pulled it 
right out of the wall. She easily tossed it aside and strode into the conference 
room. All the Juraian military officers gathered around the oval table were 
standing, looking confused and alarmed. Ryoko instantly spotted Ayeka at the 
head of the table flanked by Admiral Judroa.

	The members of the Royal Guard stepped up to bar her path, but even they 
soon found themselves lying on the floor. Ayeka glared at her old rival from 
across the room. "Ryoko! What the hell are you doing?"

	"I'm only going to ask once," Ryoko announced, ignoring the question. 
"When are you going to go get my little girl?"

	Ayeka's face became somber. "I'm sorry about what happened to Mayuka, but 
we cannot do anything at this time."

	Energy began collecting in Ryoko's hands. "Wrong answer." 

	A force field shimmered into existence around Ayeka. "Don't do this, 
Ryoko. I know you are hurting, but us fighting will not solve anything."

	"She was captured trying to rescue you," growled the pirate. "That's 
reason enough for me to assign blame." She was about to launch herself at the 
Empress, when a pair of arms suddenly wrapped her up.

	"Ryoko, stop!" pleaded Tenchi from behind. "Don't do this!"

	"Let me go!" she screamed. Tears were now starting to run down her cheeks. 

	She tried to break free, but Tenchi was using his Light Hawk Wings making 
her strength a mute factor. "Let me go!" she cried again. "I have to save her!" 
Her shouts were slowly turning into sobs. All the emotions she had been holding 
back for the past few days suddenly came pouring out. "I have to save my baby," 
she sobbed.

	Ryoko was turned around and soon found herself crying into Tenchi's chest. 
"We have to get her back, Tenchi. We have to save her."

	"We will, Ryoko," he soothed. "We will."

_____ 

	Ayeka watched sadly as Ryoko broke down right in front of everybody. 
Tenchi and Hiro quickly got her out of the room and away to someplace she could 
rest. The Empress paused in both mind and body when her husband walked into the 
room. It took everything Ayeka had not to run to his arms and kiss him. The both 
shared a knowing look as he walked over to her. 

	Shoytal did the best he could and simply held both her arms. "Empress," he 
greeted with a small grin.

	"Regent," she greeted back with a grin of her own. "How have you been?"

	He leaned closer so that she alone could hear his words. "Missing you." 

	Ayeka blushed ever so slightly, but quickly shook it off. She briefly 
brushed her hand on his chest as she moved past to speak with Ukarit, who had 
just entered the room. "Well, Sir Ukarit, I believe we have much to thank you 
for, once again."

	The gangster just flashed her a green toothed smile. "Just helping my 
friends, Empress. Since I had to leave my ship cloaked in deep space, I'm at 
your disposal."

	Ayeka nodded. "I am sure that we will be in need of the special skills 
that only you can provide." She gestured to a soldier. "I'll have you assigned 
some rooms in the city. Please, you and your associates take the time to rest. I 
fear that we will all be forced to go without it in the near future."

	"Your hospitality is appreciated," he replied with a head bow. "All right, 
people. Let's get in some down time while we can." The gangster and his small 
crew left the conference room.

	"Well then," Ayeka started to say as she turned back to Shoytal. "I can't 
wait to see what happens when Washu finally arrives."

_____ 

	Tenchi quietly closed the door to the bedroom of the apartment they had 
been given in the city. He was about to get something to drink, when there was a 
light knock at the door. He made his way to the door and opened it with the push 
of a button. He was not surprised to find Sasami standing in the hall. The 
princess was dressed in a simple green and white kimono with no sleeves and a 
white waistband.

	"Hi," she said. "Can I come in?" Tenchi stepped aside and waved her 
inside.

	The princess entered and walked over to the living room portion. She 
straightened her kimono and seated herself on the dark red couch. Tenchi 
followed her into the room and sat across from her in a black chair. "I heard 
about Ryoko's episode," Sasami said after a moment. "How is she?"

	"Resting," replied Tenchi. He released a long breath and leaned back into 
the chair. "She's been holding it all in the past couple of days. And this isn't 
even the tip of the iceberg. Ryoko's been dealing with everything by herself for 
the past few weeks. Mayuka being captured along with other things just pushed 
her over the edge."

	Sasami took everything he had to say with reserved silence. "Is there 
anything I can do?" she asked finally.

	Tenchi looked at her seriously. "You can give me some answers."

	The princess lowered her eyes. "I can't do that yet, Tenchi."

	He slowly leaned forward until his elbows were resting on his knees. "I'm 
your Knight, Sasami. I have a right to know exactly what's going on. Who is 
Gabriel, and what is his connection with you and Washu?"

	Sasami rose from the couch and began to pace. "I can't tell you yet, 
Tenchi. I'm sorry. You will just have to wait until Washu arrives."

	"Dammit, Sasami!" he shouted, vaulting to his feet. "This is not the time 
for secrets! Gabriel has my eldest daughter and is doing who knows what to her!" 
All of his pent up emotions were now coming to the front. "I've had enough of 
shadows from yours and Washu's past creeping out and attacking my family! Now 
tell me what the hell is going on!"

	Silence followed his tirade. Sasami slowly turned to look at him with 
guarded eyes. "I know that you have been under a lot of stress and anxiety 
lately. I can see that these emotions are guiding your words and thoughts at 
this time. Tenchi, we have been family for many years now, and I love you 
dearly, but I say again that you will just have to have patience. When Washu 
arrives, we will explain everything." She turned away from him and walked 
towards the bedroom. "I'm going to check on Ryoko, now, so excuse me."

	She was just at the door, when Tenchi spoke. "Sasami. I'm sorry for 
yelling."

	The princess looked over her shoulder and smiled warmly. "It's okay, 
Tenchi. Get some rest." Tenchi watched silently as she went into the bedroom. 
Once alone, he dropped back into the chair with an audible sigh.

_____ 

	Ryoko dimly heard Tenchi yelling at someone outside the bedroom. She 
dismissed it, though, desiring to hide behind sleep for the time being. Ryo-
ohki, who was sitting on the pillow next to her head, meowed lightly. Her ears 
twitched as the door opened and someone entered. She could tell right away by 
the sweet smelling perfume that it was not her husband. Ryoko rolled over and 
opened her eyes to see Sasami standing over her.

	"Meow!" cried Ryo-ohko happily as she leapt up on to the shoulder of her 
old friend. The cabbit nuzzled Sasami's right cheek and scampered up to her old 
roosting spot a top her head. 

	The aqua haired princess scratched the furry creature's head and seated 
herself on the edge of the mattress smiling warmly at Ryoko. "How are you 
feeling?"

	"Like hell," replied the pirate. She reached out and took Sasami's right 
hand. "Help us, Sasami. Please. If not for me and Tenchi, then for Mayuka."

	Sasami could only smile sadly down at her friend. "I will, Ryoko. I 
promise you. Just as soon as Washu gets here, everything will be clear." 

	At the mention of her mother, Ryoko sat up and looked away. "Don't mention 
her in front of me."

	"Ryoko, I don't know what happened between the two of you, but I do know 
that she's sorry," Sasami told her. "Won't you at least talk with her?"

	"You don't understand, Sasami," Ryoko whispered. "She...she went too far 
this time. I refuse to be treated like an experiment that she can lord over any 
time she wants to."

	When the princess didn't answer, Ryoko looked over. She was surprised to 
see a dark look on her face. "I do understand, Ryoko. I understand all to well. 
Washu is not the only one who has made such a mistake." She raised her pink 
eyes, and Ryoko was surprised to see a sheen of unshed tears in them. "If you 
won't talk to her for yourself, then at least do it for me. Believe me, Ryoko, 
I'm sure Washu is sorry for what she did."

	A smile finally appeared on Ryoko's face. She reached out to pat the other 
woman on her left cheek. "How could I say no to this face?" They both chuckled 
at that comment. "Do you have to go right now?" 

	Sasami responded by moving behind her and beginning to unbraid her 
ponytail. Ryo-ohki scurried down her arm and into Ryoko's lap. "I've got all the 
time in the world. Now, let's get rid of this," she said in a cheerful tone. 
"And then let's get you out of these clothes and into something a little less 
gloomy."

_____ 

	Washu brought her gem ship out of hyperspace at the edge of the Barella 
system. Rei stepped up beside her, wearing a pair of green overalls and a white 
T-shirt. "Do they know we're coming?" she asked.

	Washu, who was still wearing her traveling clothes, nodded. "Sasami knows 
that we're here. I'm sending a transmission to Barella III now." She touched 
several floating crystals, eliciting a hum from each one.

	Seconds later a view screen appeared in front of them with a Juraian 
officer in its center. "Unidentified ship, what is your business here?"

	"This is Professor Washu Hakubi," announced the genius. "I have Prince 
Daisar Jurai and the Princesses Rei and Achika Masaki aboard this vessel. I just 
wanted to let you people know that we're coming in for a landing." She waved her 
hand over a crystal, closing the view screen.

	"Isn't it proper form to ask permission first?" suggested Daisar.

	Washu shook her head. "They're going to let us land sooner or later, so 
I'm just skipping the formalities."

	The red gem ship sped towards its target without pause and was soon 
landing in a hanger within the base in Cylrya. Washu touched another crystal, 
and they were all transported outside the ship. Waiting for them on the hanger 
floor was a small welcoming committee. Standing at their head was Tenchi.

	"Dad!" cried Rei happily as she literally flew into his waiting arms. 

	"Daddy!" squealed Achika in delight as she trailed her faster sister. 

	Tenchi nearly fell over as his two daughters clambered to hug him. "Whoa, 
you two!" he said with a laugh. "You don't want to crush me, do you?"

	Rei was teary eyed as she hugged her father tightly. "Oh, dad. We missed 
you so much."

	Tenchi hugged her with his left arm as he picked up Achika with his right. 
"I missed you, too, kitten. I'm just glad that you're not hurt."

	"Daddy?" asked Achika. "Are you staying for good this time?"

	"Wild cabbits couldn't drag me away," he told her, following up with a 
kiss on her cheek. The little girl giggled and wrapped her tiny arms around his 
neck.

	Finally he looked over at Washu, who was carefully looking around the 
hanger. "She's not here," he said.

	A small ache ran through Washu's heart. She took a quick breath and kept a 
straight face, though. "Well, I guess I'll talk to her later."

	A hover car suddenly came screaming into the hanger bay. It came to a 
stop, and Ayeka jumped out of it going at full speed. She ran directly for 
Daisar and threw her arms around him. "Oh, my darling son!" she cried. "I'm so 
glad you're safe!"

	Daisar, trying hard not to blush, hugged her back the best he could. "I'm 
fine, mother. Really."

	Ayeka was not convinced. She spent the next several minutes giving him as 
thorough an inspection as she could right there. When she was satisfied, the 
Empress took her son's head between her hands and kissed his forehead. "I am 
just relieved to have you back, Daisar."

	Washu watched the whole scene with a hollow feeling inside her chest. 
Parents were welcoming their children back with open arms, and vice versa. Only 
her child was purposely avoiding her. By now Rei had moved on from her father to 
Hiro, who had been standing several feet behind. The twins hugged each other 
tightly, not letting go for several minutes.

	"Hey, sis," Hiro said quietly. "Glad to see you're in one piece."

	"Right back at ya, bro," she replied warmly.

	*Isn't this sweet,* commented Tokimi.

	*Shut up, Tokimi,* snapped Washu. *Don't ruin this for me. Because of you 
my children will never be able to share a connection or love that deeply with 
each other.*

	*My, aren't we snippy,* replied the goddess. It took everything she had, 
but Washu stuffed Tokimi's presence into the back of her mind.

	"At least I can have a moment's peace from her, now." Knowing what she had 
to do, the genius walked over to Tenchi. "Tenchi, I want you to get everyone 
together. As Sasami has promised, we will now tell you everything."

	"She's back at our apartments," he informed her, knowing exactly what the 
former goddess had been about to ask. "Sasami convinced her to speak with you."

	Washu's heart actually began to flutter. "Thank you, Tenchi." Without 
another word, the scientist got into the hover car that Ayeka had arrived in and 
headed for Ryoko.

_____ 

	Ryoko felt her coming long before there was a knock at the door. Steeling 
herself for what was to come, the cyan haired beauty slowly walked out of the 
bedroom at to the apartment door. Having discarded her black clothing several 
days before, she was now garbed in a white dress with a pinkish tint, with 
slightly enlarged shoulders, a black vest with golden buttons on the shoulders 
and down the center, and a white waist band. Gone also was the braided ponytail, 
leaving her hair free in all its natural, spiky glory.

	 She opened the door, and Washu was waiting outside. They stared at each 
other for a moment in silence before Ryoko turned and walked back into the 
apartment, leaving the door open behind her. Washu followed her inside and 
closed the door. Ryoko continued walking until she reached the sliding glass 
door that lead to the balcony.

	"Say what you have to and get out," she told the other woman in an even 
tone.

	"Ryoko," Washu said carefully. "At least look at me when I speak to you."

	The pirate turned to face her parent, keeping her face emotionless and her 
thoughts guarded. "Hurry it up," she ordered. "I want to go see my children."

	Washu took in a deep breath and two steps forward. "Ryoko, you know this 
sort of thing is not easy for me. Therefore, you must know how sorry I am. What 
I did was wrong and completely out of line."

	"You're damn straight it was out of line!" shouted the pirate. "You left 
me tied up in the dark! I cried out for you repeatedly, and you, standing there 
the whole time, still left me there all night!"

	"I know it was wrong," Washu repeated. 

	"It wasn't just wrong," Ryoko shot back. "It bordered on sadistic. You 
recorded the damn thing, Washu." She had to fight hard not to start crying at 
the memory of that night. "You stood there and watched me cry out of fear and 
desperation. When I cried for help, you did...nothing."

	It was obvious her words were hitting home. Washu winced with every 
recalled detail of that night over twenty years ago. "I cannot say I'm sorry 
enough," was all she said. "Part of me was worried about you. I just wanted to 
make sure that your assimilation hadn't done anything harmful to you."

	"Bullshit!" hissed Ryoko. "You just wanted to make sure your little 
assimilation experiment had worked. I was nothing but the variable to be 
watched."

	"Ryoko, I had to make sure you were all right!" Washu said earnestly. "I 
only did what I thought was necessary."

	"And what gave you the right to make such a decision concerning my life 
and well being?" questioned Ryoko angrily. She vanished and reappeared with her 
finger in Washu's face. "Who said you could control me in such a way?"

	"I'm you mother! I have..."

	"If you really were my mother, you wouldn't have done it!" Ryoko 
interrupted. "You would have sat me down and asked me how I felt! Not hooked me 
up to a machine!"

	Washu opened her mouth to respond, but stopped suddenly. Her mouth slowly 
closed as she stepped back to sit in one of the black chairs. "You're right," 
she said finally. "What right did I have? Over fifty thousand years have passed, 
and I am still making the same mistakes." She looked up at Ryoko with unshed 
tears in her eyes. "I may have been a goddess who created life at a whim, and I 
may be your mother, but what truly gives me the right to judge you?"

	Ryoko was in shock at the words coming out of the red head's mouth. 
"Nothing," Washu continued. "I am anything but perfect, no matter how much I 
pretend to be. And if I am not perfect, then what makes it right for me to pass 
judgment on the rights of others? Who am I to say what is right or wrong? Who am 
I to judge what is normal and what is strange? What right do I have to govern 
others when I myself need to be governed as well?"

	Tears started to fall from her emerald feline eyes. "What right do I have 
to call myself your mother if I cannot even treat you as you should be treated? 
I've done nothing but cause trouble for thousands of years. And the one thing I 
did right, shuns me rightfully so because I treated her as no parent should ever 
a child." At that Washu did the one thing Ryoko had never believed she would 
see.

	Washu Hakubi, former goddess and perhaps the greatest scientific genius in 
the entire universe, broke down into a fit of sobs.

	Ryoko instantly went to her side without a second thought. She wrapped her 
arms around her crying mother in a comforting hug. "I'm so sorry, my Little 
Ryoko," sobbed Washu. "I never meant for any of this to happen."

	Old pirating instincts were shouting for Ryoko to go in for the kill while 
her foe was weak. Twenty plus years of motherhood, though, made her do the 
opposite. "It's okay, mom. It's okay," she soothed.

	"Don't call me that," Washu said between ragged breaths. "I don't deserve 
it. I never have."

	A small smile played across Ryoko's lips. "No, you haven't. But you will. 
It's going to take a long time, but you will be my mother, and I will be your 
daughter once again."

	Washu lifted her head and pushed herself back slightly. "Do you mean it?"

	Ryoko's smile turned into a lopsided grin. "I may be pissed at you right 
now, but I can't let that blind me. If there is one thing I have learned in my 
lifetime is that family is a precious thing. And I'll be damned to hell if I 
ignore that fact simply because you can be an egotistical bitch."

	There was a small pause, but both of them suddenly burst out into 
laughter. When it subsided, Ryoko looked her mother directly in the eyes. "No 
more lies. If this is finally going to work between us, I need to know that I 
can trust you. I'm tired of having to keep you at arm's length." She sniffed 
slightly and rubbed her right eye. "Believe it or not, I do want to have my 
mother."

	Washu smiled warmly and caressed her child's face. "No more lies, starting 
now."

_____ 

	Later that afternoon everyone was gathered in a secure conference room 
inside the base. Ayeka sat at the head of the oval table with Admiral Judroa 
sitting to her left and Shoytal to her right. Next to Shoytal, and running down 
that length of the table, was Tenchi, an empty seat reserved for Ryoko, Hiro, 
Rei, Kiyone, and Mihoshi. The rest of the left side of the table after Judroa 
held Yosho, Ukarit, Leah, Somar, and the Twins. The Empress's Royal Guard stood 
watch at the door.

	"How much longer are we going to have to wait?" asked Hiro.

	"Patience, Hiro," advised Tenchi. "It shouldn't be too much longer."

	"What else do you have to do?" Rei baited with a smirk. "Got special plans 
with someone?" She started to giggle.

	"Shut up, Rei," growled the cyan haired teen. He emphasized his threat by 
punching her in the shoulder.

	Rei, not being one to be outdone, punched him back. Soon the twins were 
throwing lefts and rights at one another. Tenchi finally put a stop to it when 
Hiro suddenly created an energy sword in his right hand. "All right, that's 
enough you two," he said in a normal, yet commanding voice.

	Both of them, Hiro with his sword raised and Rei with a ball of power in 
her left hand, stopped and looked over at their father. He nodded once, and they 
each let go of the other. Everyone else in the room familiar with the twins' 
abilities to cause destruction breathed a sigh of relief and settled back into 
their chairs. Seconds later the door to the conference room opened, and Sasami 
walked in followed by the Galaxy Police Officer Riley. Tenchi would have given 
some thought to the pair if he hadn't felt Ryoko coming down the hall.

	His wife and Washu entered next. Tenchi touched Ryoko's mind and received 
a reassuring thought from her. She stopped to briefly hug Rei before taking the 
seat next to Tenchi. Together, Washu and Sasami walked the length of the table 
to stand behind Ayeka. Riley stood just several feet to the left of Sasami.

	Sasami was the first to speak. "You have all been asking us for a while 
now, what exactly is going on."

	"Once again, the events unfolding can be traced back to us," said Washu. 
"So, what do you want to know first?"

	"Who is Gabriel?" asked Tenchi, speaking for everyone gathered. Washu and 
Sasami looked at each other, with the princess giving the genius a nod. The 
former goddess cleared her throat and began. 

	"As you know Tsunami, Tokimi, and myself were sister goddesses for 
countless ages. There was a time where we did nothing but try to top one another 
in the art of creation. One of these contests was the creation of this 
dimension. We took interest in this place and were given dominion over it. We 
each went about creating left and right. What one did, the others would try and 
out do. Tsunami created the Juraian people and the space trees. To counter that 
I created the People of the Gem as the perfect combination of war and science. 
And Tokimi in turn created her demon armies to be the perfect warriors. Tsunami 
created the Tree of Light, I raised one of my children to the level of High 
Priest, and Tokimi created the demi-god D3."

	Sasami stepped forward to continue the story. "This went on for quite a 
while. Since we had no real need to keep track of time, it is not clear exactly 
how long these contests went on. Eventually, though, we became tired of trying 
to outdo each other. It became quite clear that no matter what one could do, the 
other two would do something in a similar light. Therefore, we came up with an 
idea. We decided to work together to create Perfection."

	Washu picked up the narrative. "Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ziasha were all our 
chosen warriors. However, they were not the first. Before any other champion 
there was Gabriel. He was our attempt at Perfection. The three of us put every 
bit of our creative skill into making him. We had all agreed that he would be 
our ultimate Champion. Gabriel would be our voice to our creations, our 
defender, and our watchdog."

	"We made him the perfect specimen of Man," added Sasami. "Fit, viral, 
disciplined, athletic, and an unbeatable warrior. And to top it all off, we all 
endowed him with the Ten Wings of the Light Hawk. Next to us, he was the most 
powerful being in the galaxy. But we neglected to do one thing..."

	Shadowed looks overcame both women. "We didn't give him compassion," Washu 
said quietly. "What did we know from compassion? We were immortals who had never 
needed to have such mundane things as emotions. We believed with perfection came 
an absence of the things that weighed mortals down."

	Sasami looked away from the group. "As a result, Gabriel learned about 
emotions on his own. He soon realized what power he had compared to the lesser 
races of the galaxy. He saw that he had no equal in strength or mind. So, he 
believed he could do whatever he wanted towards the races. It started when he 
began to corrupt entire civilizations with a single act. Beings of all races 
flocked to his banner with complete obedience. We called this action of his the 
Touch. Gabriel soon believed himself to be a god. Although he had the power of 
the Light Hawk Wings, he was not truly one of the Immortals." Sasami took in a 
deep breath before continuing. "When he realized this, he began his quest for 
true godhood. He started to..." She suddenly stopped as a small sob escaped her 
lips.

	Washu moved near her and wrapped her left arm around her shoulders. "In 
his attempt to achieve the status of a true Immortal, Gabriel began to 
experiment on his followers," continued Washu. "It was his belief that true 
godhood came from the art of creation. So, he started a series of experiments in 
an attempt to Create." The genius actually shuddered. "The things that came out 
of those experiments are still to horrible for us to even dare remembering. It 
was because of these acts that we three sisters finally decided to personally 
act against Gabriel."

	"We had one problem, though," said Sasami, who had now recovered enough to 
speak. "As you all know, the three of us could not simply enter this dimension 
to battle him. We had to lure him into a place where we could actually do 
something."

	"Where did you finally battle him?" asked Ayeka. "From my encounters with 
him, Gabriel does not seem like one to be tricked easily."

	Washu nodded. "You are correct, Ayeka. Gabriel was not easily fooled. In 
order to trap him, we had to give him what he wanted most. A way to truly 
create."

	"There is a place," Sasami began, "where everything began. At the 
beginning of time, all the gods gathered there to create the universe and all 
its dimensions. This place was and still is known as The Eye of the Universe. It 
is the beginning and the end of all. When the initial creation was completed, 
all the gods took an oath never to use the Eye again. To do so would rend the 
very universe we had created to nothing."

	"So, you offered Gabriel a trip to this Eye," concluded Ukarit.

	They nodded. "Yes," Washu said. "As goddesses, we had the ability to 
travel to the Eye whenever we so desired. And within the dimension of the Eye, 
we would all retain our full powers. So yes, we offered Gabriel a chance at 
creation if he ceased his actions against the lesser races. Of course he 
accepted, and through D3 Tokimi opened a portal to the Eye for Gabriel. Once he 
arrived, Tokimi attacked him without mercy." Washu paused for a moment. Tenchi 
briefly noticed strain etched in her expression.

	Sasami quickly picked up where the genius had left off. "While Tokimi 
battled with Gabriel, Washu and myself created a special attack that we believed 
would finish him for good. Unfortunately, our proximity to the Eye changed the 
nature of the attack. Instead of destroying Gabriel, our attack only transformed 
him. His physical body was utterly destroyed, leaving only his life force 
behind. The unexpected thing, though, was that the attack had merged his soul 
with the power of the Light Hawk Wings."

	"Gabriel became not just a bearer of the Wings," finished Washu. "He 
became Light Hawk Wings."

	"He simply was pure energy," added Sasami. "In this form, Gabriel became 
more powerful than ever. It took our combined strength just to damage him. As 
the battle raged around the Eye, it was clear that Gabriel had achieved some 
part of what he desired. He had become unkillable."

	Washu clenched both her fists tightly. "It didn't take us long to realize 
this. We made a unanimous decision at that moment that Gabriel could not be 
allowed to be free. It took almost everything we had, but finally the three of 
us were able to weaken him enough to seal him in a pocket dimension for what we 
believed would be eternity. However, during the Goddess War, something 
unexpected happened. When Tokimi opened a portal to this dimension, there must 
have been a weakening on all dimensional fronts. And this allowed Gabriel to do 
the impossible."

	Sasami looked directly at Ayeka. "We all know that Ziasha placed father, 
mother, and Aunt Funaho in a subspace dimension to get them out of the way. From 
what we believe, the dimensional walls were so thin that Gabriel was somehow 
able to slip into that subspaces dimension."

	"Once there," Washu continued, "he seemed to have done something we didn't 
know he could do. Obviously he was able to possess Azusa and use his body as a 
host organism."

	"And he as been in father ever since the end of the War," concluded Ayeka. 
"Could that have been the reason for his catatonia?"

	Washu nodded. "Gabriel most likely induced it. He's just been waiting for 
the right opportunity to reveal himself. To do so any time sooner would have 
ruined his plans."

	"All right," said Ryoko. "We know all about this asshole. Now tell us what 
the hell he wants to do?"

	A holographic laptop appeared in front of Washu. She began typing, and a 
view screen appeared over her head displaying a blotch of colors continually 
moving. "This is a representation of the dimensional barriers of the universe. 
Over the past couple of years the barriers have weakened once again for some 
reason, making dimensional travel very easy."

	Tenchi's eyes went wide. "He wants back into the Eye."

	"Correct a mundo, Tenchi," chimed Washu. "Gabriel must have figured out a 
way to open a portal to the Eye of the Universe. With the dimensional barriers 
still weak, he might just have a chance of breaking in there."

	"What could he possibly do if he does get there?" questioned Ryoko. "If I 
understand this right, all he could do is destroy..." Her feline eyes widened 
with realization. "Oh shit."

	"Gabriel wants to return to the Eye for two reasons," explained Sasami. 
"One, he believes that by returning there he can complete his transformation 
into a true Immortal. And second, he wants revenge for what we did to him all 
those eons ago."

	Washu waved away her keyboard and blew out a long breath. "Well there you 
have it, kids. Anything else?"

	Everyone at the table looked at each other in stunned silence. The silence 
was finally broken by Gerin.

	"We are so fucked."


To be continued...


Notes: Questions have been answered! Buckle up, cowboys and cowgirls, cause the 
final ride is about to begin. All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com

	
		
	



