Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Breaking In"


	Ukarit leaned forward as the sensors alerted him to a ship coming out of 
hyperspace. "Here they come," he told everyone present on the bridge of the 
Loaded Dice. "Luck just seems to be on our side for this one." He looked over at 
Ryoko, who was staring out the window. "Mayuka chose the perfect moment to check 
in with you."

	"Yeah," she replied without turning around. 

	The gangster stared at her back for a moment before looking back at the 
sensors. Ryoko had been in contact with her eldest daughter just when Ukarit had 
posed their latest idea to break into Druz. Making the best of the opportunity, 
Ryoko had asked Admiral Judroa through Mayuka if he could spare a ship for the 
operation. The Admiral had agreed without hesitation. 

	Ever since the plan had been put down on paper, Ryoko had been more 
distant than ever before. The pirate would simply stare out any available 
window, lost in thought. She would still respond to questions and conversation, 
but with only one word or simple sentences. Ukarit shook his head while locking 
in on the incoming ship. He understood that she was probably nervous about what 
was going to go down soon, hell they all were. The pink man just hoped that 
Ryoko would be able to do her part.

	As the sensors sent back readings, a Juraian battleship could be seen 
heading towards the Loaded Dice. Ukarit spun around in the pilot's chair to 
Leah. "Got that program ready?"

	The troubleshooter gave him a thumbs up. "Good to go, boss. This program 
should do the trick in fooling the Druz computers."
	
	"Excellent," he told her. Ukarit reached out and tapped the ship's 
intercom. "Okay, people. It's game on. Everyone get what they need and prepare 
to transfer over to the Juraian ship."

	The gangster quickly set the Dice's computer to put the ship in sleep mode 
as soon as everyone was off ship. Next he walked from the pilot's seat over to 
where Ryoko was looking out at space. He reached out and laid a hand on her 
right shoulder. "Ready?"

	She slowly looked over at him with a knowing grin. "I've *been* ready."

_____ 

	 Ryoko watched pensively as Juraian soldiers milled about the cargo bay 
making preparations for the operation. They were converting the bay to a massive 
holding area for all the "prisoners" that were going to be transferred to Druz. 
With the addition of the Juraian crew, Ukarit had changed the plan from just 
having Ryoko infiltrate the prison to Ryoko and a dozen knights posing as 
prisoners. Ukarit himself wanted to go, but it was soon decided against for two 
reasons. One, the presence of Ukarit would be too big an event to hide from the 
real Juraian government. Two, any cosmetic reconstruction or illusionary devices 
would most likely be discovered on arrival.

	Her eyes drifted to the left as Ukarit, Leah, and Hiro were coming in her 
direction. "It's almost time," the gangster told her.

	She nodded. "Let's go over it once more, then."

	Ukarit looked to Leah. "We've already sent out a transmission to Druz 
using the current ID codes of the Empire. When they send back for confirmation, 
the program I created will intercept it and respond as if it were the capital 
back on Jurai. When we arrive on Druz, you, along with twelve others will be 
deposited on Druz as prisoners. Once inside Ryoko and the others will make 
contact with the targets."

	"Then once we get the signal from the Juraian fleet that Ayeka is safe, we 
bust out of there," finished Ryoko.

	"So how are you going to mask your identity?" asked Leah.

	Ryoko raised a cyan eyebrow. "Simple." The pirate's body shimmered for a 
moment, blurred completely, and finally reformed. When it was over a bald 
Juraian with a long black beard, dark violet eyes, and dressed in a gray 
jumpsuit stood before them. "Ta da!" he said with Ryoko's voice.

	"Whoa, mom!" gasped Hiro. "How did you do that?"

	She shrugged her now massive shoulders. "Just a matter of slightly 
altering my DNA temporarily. No biggie."

	"Approaching target system," came a voice over the ship's intercom.

	"All right people, let's look alive here!" called out Ukarit. "All 
prisoners shackle up! All guards get into positions!" He turned too Ryoko, 
looked her up and down, and smiled. "Good luck."

	"Thanks," she replied in a now gruff, masculine voice. 

	Hiro started to shuffle his feet in front of her. "Mom, I'd hug 
you...but..."

	"It's okay, sweetie," she answered. 

	Leah reached out and grabbed Hiro by the collar of his brown jacket. "Come 
on. Good luck, Ryoko." The pair turned and walked out of the hanger.

	Ryoko walked over to the rest of the gray suited prisoners and allowed 
herself to be shackled from wrists to ankles. She almost jumped when Somar took 
up a position next to her. "What are you doing?" she asked.

	"Ukarit figured that since he couldn't come I was the next best thing," 
answered the pale man. "I won't raise much of an eyebrow."

	A smile flashed across her face. "All right then."

	All the fake prisoners lined up as the battleship came out of hyperspace. 
The ship vibrated slightly as it passed through the atmosphere. A shudder soon 
followed as it settled down on the planet's surface. It was not much longer 
before the cargo doors opened, allowing blinding light to flood the hold. When 
she could see again, Ryoko saw a squad of heavily armed Juraian soldiers 
entering the bay lead by a large, reptilian alien. She shuddered ever so 
slightly as her eyes fell on the creature. Somewhere deep inside, her Light Hawk 
Wings screamed at her to kill it immediately without hesitation.

	"Welcome to Druz, rebels," rumbled the reptile. "I am Sso'Traknal, the 
warden of this facility. You will now be taken underground to the prison itself 
where you will be assigned cells and given work details that you will begin 
tomorrow." 

	He stopped in front of Ryoko and looked down at her. A puff of steam was 
expelled from his nostrils. "Play by my rules, and you may just live out the 
rest of your days." Traknal raised his right claw, and everyone was shuttled out 
of the cargo hold to the hot sands of the desert planet.

	They were lead to a door opening out of one of the many visible sand 
dunes. With every step she took, Ryoko had to hold back her desire to shed the 
disguise, summon her Light Hawk Wings, and lay waste to the planet until she 
found her husband. As she and the others were pushed into what was now obviously 
an elevator, Ryoko's senses suddenly prickled. Even though their link was cut 
off, Tenchi's presence was unmistakable to her. 

	*I'm here, Tenchi. I'm here.*

_____ 

	A knock on the cell door caused Yosho to look up from the data pad he was 
reading. "Yes?"

	A humanoid member of the smuggler ring was standing on the platform 
outside the cell. "Those new prisoners have been processed, Yosho. One of them's 
been asking about the internal politics. Want me to send him up?"

	Yosho placed the data pad on his bed and crossed his legs. "Yes, please 
do."

	It was a few minutes later when a large Juraian male was lead into the 
cell. At first Yosho didn't see anything out of the ordinary about him, but soon 
there was a nagging feeling of familiarity tugging at the edge of his 
consciousness. The Juraian was bald with a long black beard. 

	He nodded in Yosho's direction. "You the guy in charge around here?"

	"In a fashion," replied the former prince. He continued to study the new 
comer carefully. "What can I do for you?"

	"I am Major Yenar Jeral," he said quickly. "My men and I were recently 
captured during a battle with the enemies of the Empire. When we arrived here, I 
was told that members of the Royal Family were in this place. I only want to 
offer my services."

	Yosho nodded. "Do you now?" He was about to dismiss this Major as an enemy 
when, for just a brief moment, the man placed a hand on his right hip. Almost 
immediately he pulled it away.

	In that brief moment, Yosho knew everything that he needed to. He rose 
from the chair he had been occupying and stepped towards the "Major." "Tell me, 
Major. What services did you provide the Empire during your service?"

	Jeral paused and looked into Yosho's burgundy eyes. A smile slowly 
appeared within his beard. "Black Operations. My team was always sent in when 
things needed to be blown up."

	Yosho nodded. "Good. I'm sure our leader will be most pleased to see you. 
I'll have one of my associates take you down to the mines. That is where he is 
currently working."

	The Major smiled again and turned to leave. "Thanks, old man," he said 
over his shoulder. 

	"Any time...demon," replied Yosho.

_____ 

	Ryoko did her best to calm herself as she followed her guide through the 
tunnels beneath the prison proper. Prisoners sullenly hacked away at the rock 
walls while guards watched them with stun batons. No one, not even the guards, 
paid her any heed while she walked along. Eventually, Ryoko was made to stop 
just outside of a passage that was sectioned off from the rest. Her eyes 
immediately focused on Shoytal, who was standing at the entrance to the passage. 
Ryoko's guide walked over to the Juraian lord and whispered something in his 
ear.

	Shoytal looked over in her direction. Next he motioned for her to come. 
Ryoko took a steadying breath and walked over to him. "Lord Yosho says you wish 
to speak Tenchi."

	Ryoko did her best to control her nod and her voice. "Yes. I only want to 
serve the rightful members of the Royal Family."

	"Well," Shoytal began. "If Lord Yosho sent you down here, then you must 
check out. Wait here while I see if Tenchi will meet with you." The Juraian 
stepped away and down the passage.

	Nervous for numerous reasons, Ryoko could only tap her fingers together 
repeatedly. Finally, after what seemed like forever, Shoytal came back out. 
"Please go in," he told her. "Be warned, though, Tenchi has a short temper and 
will not tolerate being lied to."

	Her throat having tightened from tension, Ryoko could only nod. Shoytal 
stepped aside and offered entrance with his left hand. Hardly able to contain 
herself any longer, the disguised pirate entered the sectioned off passage. The 
moment she left the outer area behind, there he was.

	Tenchi stood at the end of the passage leaning on an old fashioned 
pickaxe. His gray jumpsuit was opened to the top of his chest and smeared with 
soot stains, as was every visible portion of his skin. But what Ryoko noticed 
most of all was not the brown ring around his neck, his slightly longer hair, or 
unshaven face. What she saw was the dead look behind his eyes. Gone was the 
warmth and benevolent look that was once there. No longer were those brown eyes 
soft. Now there was simply...nothing.

	"Oh, my Tenchi," she said under her breath. "What have they done to you?"

_____ 

	Tenchi carefully took in the new arrival. He looked able enough. "My 
grandfather sent you down here. So that must mean you can help in some way." He 
tilted his head to the left. "Tell me. What can you do?"

	For an answer, the large Juraian started to change. Tenchi reacted quickly 
by lifting his pickaxe in a defensive position. He dug his feet in as the figure 
in front of him continued to change shape. "Should have known," he hissed. "It's 
only been a couple of days since Traknal tried something."

	What happened next, though, made him pause. 

	Tenchi's jaw dropped open in disbelief. One second there was a man before 
him, and then, suddenly, Ryoko was there. The pickaxe dropped from his hands, 
and Tenchi took several steps back. "What the hell?" he breathed.

	He rubbed his eyes fiercely and looked again. She was still there. 
Although, she didn't look anything like she should have. What could only be the 
ghost of his wife still wore the gray jumpsuit, but now it was definitely 
outlining her feminine figure. Her usually free cyan hair was pulled back 
tightly into a braided ponytail. Fatigue was etched around her golden eyes and 
on her face. 

	She raised her right hand slowly towards him. "Tenchi," she said quietly.

	"No," Tenchi said quickly while backing away. "This isn't real. Y...you're 
dead." Long forgotten tears started to trail down his cheeks. He suddenly 
started to shake violently. "Damn you, Traknal!" he cried. "Can't you let her 
soul rest in peace!"

	Tenchi lost all control of his body and simply dropped to his knees. 
Uncontrolled tears continued to fall from his eyes without any sign of stopping. 
Then there was a pair of arms wrapped around him. Tenchi slowly looked up to 
find Ryoko's golden, feline eyes staring back at him intently. "Are you real?" 
he asked quietly.

	Her right hand came around and gently caressed his face. Then she smiled 
as only Ryoko could. "I'm no ghost," she whispered before leaning forward and 
kissing him lightly on the lips.

	As her lips touched his, Tenchi's common sense took over. Soon his hands 
were cupping Ryoko's face, and he was kissing her back. The kiss was suddenly 
broken by Ryoko, leaving Tenchi looking confused. He froze when her hands 
suddenly went to his neck.

	"Let's get rid of this," she said. A loud crack resounded around them as 
Ryoko easily broke the ring around Tenchi's neck. It was at that moment that 
Tenchi knew his beloved wife was truly alive and kneeling before him.

	Emotions peaked with the revival of their link. In ways that only the two 
of them could comprehend, Tenchi and Ryoko's minds and souls merged into one. 
Feelings and emotions were a swirling vortex as each one relished the existence 
of the other. When their minds finally separated, the pair found themselves 
kneeling and wrapped in a tight embrace.

	"I thought I'd lost you forever," whispered Tenchi.

	Ryoko lifted her head to look at him. "That was the point. We needed time 
to move without the Juraians chasing us." Tenchi's eyes brightened with hope, 
and Ryoko smiled. "Yes, everyone's fine. Hiro's waiting at the edge of the 
system with Ukarit, and Rei, with Achika, has contacted the People of the Gem by 
now."

	"What about Mayuka?" he asked slowly. Tenchi could feel her hesitant to 
respond. "Tell me, Ryoko."

	She cleared her throat. "She's going to give us the opportunity to break 
out of here."

	It took a moment, but Tenchi soon put two and two together. He jumped to 
his feet and looked down at his wife. "You mean to tell me that she's going to 
rescue Ayeka?"

	Ryoko was now also on her feet. "Calm down! She's part of a strike team 
that will infiltrate Jurai and get her out of the Palace."

	"She's attacking Jurai!" screamed Tenchi. This time his shout was loud 
enough to draw attention from the others outside the passage.

	Shoytal rushed inside with a pickaxe raised, but paused when he saw Ryoko. 
"What in Tsunami..."

	"We have to stop her now!" Tenchi continued to shout. "Gabriel's there! If 
Mayuka goes to Jurai, he'll...he'll..."

	Ryoko reached out and took a hold of his shoulders. With her superior 
strength, the pirate was able to halt her ranting husband. "Slow down! What are 
you talking about? Who is Gabriel?"

	"He is the cause of all our problems," came a new voice from behind. All 
heads turned to watch Yosho walk into the passage. "I think we all need to stop 
for a moment, take some deep breaths, and put all the pieces together for the 
full story."

_____ 

	After she had told her story, Ryoko could only sit in silence as she 
learned about Gabriel. The pirate looked at the men gathered in the tunnel 
passage. "But who is this guy?"

	Tenchi shrugged. "I don't know. All I can say is that he controls the 
power of the Light Hawk Wings."

	Ryoko looked to Yosho. "What about you? You mean to tell me that you don't 
have a single clue about this guy?"

	"I am sorry to say, no," he answered. "There is nothing in Juraian history 
about such a being."

	"Well let us take a look at what we do know," suggested Shoytal. "We know 
he has the power of the Light Hawk Wings. He has the ability to possess people. 
And he can also bestow the power of the Wings to other warriors."

	"Remember," added Tenchi. "He has some connection to Washu, Tsunami, and 
Tokimi." 

	At the mention of her mother and Tokimi, Ryoko's thoughts briefly touched 
on Rashoch. Tenchi quickly turned his head and looked at her with questioning 
eyes. To avoid getting into the problem with her...brother, Ryoko stood and 
stretched out her arms. "So what are we saying, then? We're fighting some sort 
of bodiless god?"

	"Perhaps," was all Yosho would say. 

	The pirate folded her arms and smirked. "Fine. We killed one god, we can 
kill another."

	"But Gabriel has more than just a single champion to guard him," reminded 
Yosho. "He has three."

	"And Rashoch," Tenchi added. He looked at his wife again, but this time 
with a seeking gaze.

	Questions may have been asked if a member of the smuggling ring hadn't 
entered at that time. Ryoko quickly resumed her disguise before the humanoid 
could see them all clearly.

	"Problem, boss," he told Tenchi. "The Angels are acting up again. Some of 
our men in the kitchen were just taken out."

	Tenchi rose and walked over to him. "Okay. Have a few men meet me down 
here, and we'll go return the favor." The humanoid nodded and left at a run.

	Ryoko's illusion disappeared as she stepped in front of Tenchi. "Did I 
just hear you correctly? Are you going out to kill people?"

	She stiffened slightly as he suddenly leveled a cold gaze on her. "It's a 
dangerous place down here, Ryoko. You either fight, or you die."

	Ryoko couldn't believe the words that had just come out of his mouth. Her 
Tenchi, a man who had always stood for doing the right thing and not always 
resorting to violence, had seemingly crossed that line. He started to walk past, 
but she stopped his progress by placing her hands on his chest. After all the 
years of senseless killing she had been forced to endure, by all that was holy 
she wasn't going to allow him continue down that road. 

	"No! You can't go and do this!" she said sternly. "I'm not going to let 
you go out there and start killing."

	He gently took her wrists and pulled her hands away. "I have to," he said 
slowly. "I can't show mercy or weakness anymore. Everything went wrong because I 
did."

	The cyan haired pirate yanked her wrists from his hands, cupped her 
husband's face, and looked through his eyes directly to his soul. "I didn't die, 
Tenchi, and everyone else is fine. What happened was not your fault, remember 
that. Your kind heart, your ability to use that heart to understand others, is 
why I fell in love with you in the first place. You can't bury it, Tenchi. I 
won't let you."

	Her words seemed to break through whatever barrier he may have constructed 
during his time on Druz. The hard gaze vanished to be replaced by a tired, 
needful one. Tenchi slowly leaned forward until his forehead was touching hers.

	"I need you more than ever right now, my heart," he whispered. "I lost my 
way some time ago, and I'm not sure I can get back on the right path." 

	Ryoko reached around to embrace her love. "It's okay, Tenchi," she 
whispered back. "I'm here to guide you back. I'll always be here."

_____ 

	The past several hours had to have been the longest Rei had ever 
experienced in all of her sixteen years. The seconds seemed like days. Every 
minute was a year. But through it all, she staid awake keeping the shield up 
around the city. While she struggled with her fatigue, Washu did what she did 
best, make a solution. The first order of business had been to inoculate the 
entire city to the designer virus. Following that, the genius began to prepare 
for war.

	Wearing green and black army fatigues with a black beret holding in her 
mane of red hair, Washu was leaning over the work table putting the finishing 
touches on an item no bigger than a finger nail. "That should do it," she 
announced.

	Achika walked over and looked up at her. "What should do it?" she asked.

	Washu reached down and ruffled the child's hair. "It's just an expression, 
sweetie." The scientist lifted the small item up to her mouth and swallowed it. 
Next she grabbed a small data pad and walked over to Rei. "Take this. It'll 
allow you to track me."

	"Are you sure about this, Grandma?" questioned the teen. 

	"Don't worry, honey," Washu assured her. "I know that pedophilic bastard 
better than he knows himself. He'll take the bait." 

	The door to the mini lab opened, and Tristu walked in followed by Daisar. 
"All is ready, my Lady," informed the old man.

	"Good." She spun around with her hands on her hips. "Let's do it."

_____ 

	Dr. Clay was seething with rage. He repeatedly kicked his monitors, but 
they still only showed static snow. "Dammit!" she shouted. 

	As soon as that shield had gone up around the city, he'd his monitors had 
lost contact within. He noted the sound of an AlphaZero rolling up behind him. 
"I have a report, Doctor Clay," it announced in its metallic voice.

	"What?" snarled the scientist without turning around.

	"The shield around the city has disappeared. There is also a woman who 
wishes to speak with you. What are your orders?"

	Clay slowly turned around with a seedy smile on his face. "Put her 
through."

	One of his monitors fizzled for a second, and then there she was. "Washu," 
he hissed.

	"Hello there, Clay," she purred while smiling. "I see you're back in your 
right mind again." 

	"And you are looking quite awake, Washu," he returned. "We might as well 
skip the pleasantries, so just give up."

	She folded her hands behind her back. "Okay, Clay. I'll give myself up on 
one condition. You spare what's left of the population of this city. The cure 
was given out too late to the majority, and they didn't make it."

	The old scientist quickly punched up a readout of the city. Scans 
confirmed that eighty five percent of the population had succumbed to the virus. 
Clay smiled thinly as he looked back at his old rival. "Very well, Washu. We 
have a deal. You for the survival of your pathetic people."

	He opened up a link to AlphaZero relaying the image of Washu. "Scan her 
for any sort of tracking device. When she is clean bring her to me."

	"Yes, Doctor Clay."

_____ 

	Rei watched from the top of the Temple stairs as the black robots started 
to leave the city by the hundreds. "There they go," she muttered.

	"Are you up to this?" asked Tristu from her right. The old man walked up 
to watch the exodus as well.

	"I have to be," replied the teen. "We may have gotten the vaccine out in 
time, but no one is strong enough to fight against Clay's troops. I'd take 
Daisar, but someone has to keep an eye on Achika."

	Tristu nodded. "I understand that, my child, but you have not slept in 
over a day besides the fact that you have been using your Light Hawk Wings for 
an extended period of time."

	Everything he was saying was true. However, it didn't matter. "I'll be 
fine," she told him as her forehead rune began glowing. "Grandma's going to be 
depending on me. If I don't follow through, then she really will be his 
prisoner." Rei's clothes shimmered as her purple, gold, and white Light Hawk 
Armor appeared. 

	"Then," he said with a sigh, "it seems all there is left to do is wish you 
luck."

	Rei started to rise off the ground. As she floated away, she glanced over 
her shoulder once to flash Tristu a grin. "We Masakis make our own luck." She 
returned her gaze forward and flew off into the sky.

	Tristu smiled after her. "Yes you do indeed."

_____ 

	The bushes parted to reveal a fairly lit tunnel. Washu raised an eyebrow. 
"A hidden tunnel? Couldn't you do any better? I mean a hidden lab in a jungle? 
How...passe."

	The AlphaZero behind her pushed, forcing the genius to walk onward into 
the tunnel. "All right, all right," she said. "I'm going."

	Washu walked down the tunnel for some time before it opened up into a 
larger room that was, simply put, a large factory. The circular room was 
dominated by a huge square of a machine in its center with robot components 
entering via one end, and rolling out the other as AlphaZeros. The scientist was 
walked around a catwalk over looking the area below and down a flight of stairs. 
Sitting in front of the massive machine, surrounded by computer consoles and 
view screens, was Clay himself. Dressed in his little red robe and black hat 
with insignias, Clay watched silently as she was marched up to him.

	"Real original, Clay," remarked Washu as she came to a stop. "A hidden 
jungle lab, and now a giant robot making machine. Your dullness still manages to 
amaze me after all these years."

	Clay smirked at her. "All grown up, but still a smart mouthed bitch," he 
spat. "It may not be flashy, but it has gotten the job done. I have learned that 
much since our last encounter, Washu." He hopped out of his chair and walked up 
to her. 

	"Speaking of which," she said quickly. "How was life as a vegetable?" 

	Clay scowled up at her. "Illuminating." He looked her over closely.

	Washu grinned down at him. "Would you like a picture? I have several five 
by tens that I think show off my best attributes," she said while thrusting out 
her chest. 

	The old man turned red and sputtered causing her to cackle lightly. Clay 
regained what composure he could and reseated himself. "Laugh now, Washu. Soon 
enough we will be back on Jurai where I am sure that Lord Gabriel will be most 
pleased to see you."

	That shut her up. Clay gave her a thin smile. "I thought that would get 
your attention. Yes, now that you have regained consciousness, I am sure that he 
has much to discuss with you."

	*Gabriel did it,* said Tokimi from within. *He undid D3's mind seal.*

	"So you are working for him," concluded Washu. 

	"Yes," he replied. "His direct actions are a welcome change from Tokimi's 
sloth like plots."

	*Sloth like!* shouted the Goddess. *I'll show him sloth like!*

	*Be quiet, Tokimi!* Washu coughed once before returning her attention to 
Clay. "So tell me something. How did you get these new robots to work better 
than the original Zero?" She made sure to get a good look at the miniature 
factory.

	"Ha!" barked the doctor. "Not this time, Washu. I will not be distracted 
by your conversation." He snapped his fingers, and two AlphaZeros grabbed her. 
"We shall leave for Jurai immediately."

	*Excellent plan, sister," mocked Tokimi. *Things are proceeding just as 
you planned.*

	Washu didn't bother to reply. *Hurry up, Rei,* was all she thought.

_____ 

	Rei kicked herself into high gear as the scene in Clay's lab played out 
over the data pad. The microchip Washu had ingested had released a special kind 
of biological nanobot that was relaying the signals to the data pad. One of the 
signals was a visual of whatever her grandmother was seeing. The teenage Light 
Hawk Warrior made a mental note of Washu's focus on the robot producing machine. 
"Take that out, and then it's just a matter of toasting the remaining ones."

	Following her grandmother's signal, Rei soon found herself hovering over 
the hidden lab. The jungle below seemed peaceful, but Rei was not going to be 
deceived. With the enhanced senses she had inherited from her mother, Rei could 
easily track the five AlphaZeros guarding the entrance below. She carefully 
tucked the data pad inside the white breastplate of her Armor and summoned her 
Light Hawk Bo.

	"No sense in just trying to sneak inside," she thought out loud. Rei took 
a deep breath to steady herself. "Okay, Masaki. You're exhausted beyond 
comprehension, but people are counting on you." Purple energy started to flow 
around her. "It's go time."

	A group of purple energy balls lead the way for Rei as she dropped down 
towards the entrance. All vegetation around the hidden tunnel, including the 
guards, was laid to waste by her initial attack. Rei touched down lightly before 
the tunnel and flew ahead without pausing. At the speed she was flying, the trip 
through the tunnel was not long. A large steel door was soon looming ahead of 
her. Rei created a purple energy ribbon in her left hand and threw it at the 
door. The following explosion sent a cloud of smoke in all directions, covering 
her entrance into the lab.

_____ 

	Clay was thrown on to his back as the door to his lab exploded inward. 
Smoke soon filled half the chamber, obscuring everyone's vision. The doctor's 
ears twitched as sounds of combat began to echo all around him. He scrambled to 
his feet and ran back to his command chair. Clay frantically typed commands into 
the chair's keypad, which caused the ventilation system to remove all the smoke. 
When it was all cleared out, Clay could not help but grimace.

	Robotic body parts and components were scattered all over the laboratory 
floor. The AlphaZero factory had also been turned into a flaming pile of scrap. 
Standing in the middle of it all was that raven haired girl...surrounded by the 
power of the Light Hawk Wings. She stepped in front of Washu and pointed at him. 

	"It's over, Clay," she said confidently. "You've lost."

	The doctor's grimace slowly transformed into a smile. "I would not be so 
quick to assume such things, child." Without taking his eyes from her, Clay 
entered a new command into his keypad. "I have one more trick up my sleeve."

_____ 

	Rei tensed as a capsule rose up between herself, Washu, and Clay. The 
capsule's glass door slid open to reveal an alien the likes of which Rei had 
never seen. "What the hell is that?" she breathed.

	The creature that stepped out of the tube was at least ten feet tall and 
reptilian. Red scales covered its entire form with a set of black body armor 
encasing his upper body. Black dreadlocks grew out of the back of its head to 
fan out across its broad shoulders. Steam escaped from the nostrils of its snout 
as it looked at Rei with a pair of black slits for eyes. 

	"I don't believe it," gasped Washu. 

	"What?" cried Rei as she took a couple of steps back. "Believe what? What 
is it?"

	"That's a Ssl'na," Washu told her quietly. "A race of warrior beings from 
another galaxy with power to match even that of Jurai and more."

	The Ssl'na raised a claw and pointed at Rei. "Goritra sank kal tath!" it 
barked.

	"What did he just say?" whispered Rei. 

	Washu swallowed once. "If I heard right, he's basically going to sacrifice 
your soul to his god."

	Rei looked back at the reptile. "Great. Just great." She raised her Bo in 
preparation for what was about to go down. "All right then, pal. Let's do this."

	She paused just as Washu laid a hand on her shoulder. "Be careful, Rei. If 
I remember correctly, these guys have warriors that can become just as strong as 
someone with Light Hawk Wings."

	"Good to know," murmured Rei as she started forward towards her opponent.

	The Ssl'na stepped away from the capsule completely and began to circle 
her. He pulled what looked like a bone that was hanging from his waste and 
gripped it in his right claw. Energy began to crackle around the bone until, 
finally, a red flaming blade sprouted from its end. The reptile tested the flame 
sword with several slashes at the air. He then ceased circling and took up a 
fighting stance.

	Rei halted her own circling, gripped her Bo in her hands, and readied 
herself. She didn't have to wait long before the creature launched himself 
through the air at her, roaring at the top of its lungs. Rei blocked the first 
slash with her Bo, and was flung across the lab by the force behind the Ssl'na's 
attack. She flipped around at the last second to place her feet on the wall and 
shoot herself back at him. The Light Hawk Warrior released her own battle cry as 
she struck back.

	She retaliated with a downward swipe, which the reptile easily blocked. 
Rei used the momentum from her attack to throw herself forward into a flip over 
him. Half way through the flip she stopped in mid air to level a spin kick right 
into the side of the reptile's head. The alien flew through the air and right 
into the rubble that was the AlphaZero factory. Rei didn't have much time to 
celebrate her move, however. The Ssl'na almost immediately exploded out of the 
now flaming machine at her. Prepared this time around, Rei met his powerful 
slashes head on with her Bo. 

	Light Hawk Bo clashed with flame sword. Rei ducked under and jumped over a 
pair of slashes. Her Bo flew out in a combination attack that started at his 
legs. She spun the Bo right then down at his left leg. The Ssl'na parried it, 
and Rei immediately snapped the other end of her Bo at his other leg. The 
reptile again somehow managed to parry the low attack. Rei, however, didn't 
stop. The teen quickly reversed her grip, spun the right end of her weapon back 
up, and brought it down right on the Ssl'na's head like a club. The blow stunned 
the alien, allowing Rei to continue with a flurry of swipes. She brought the 
other end of her Bo right up into his gut, and then back into a clockwise spin 
over her head. The spin transformed into an attack as one end of the Bo slammed 
into the left side of the reptile's head, soon followed up by the other end 
cracking the other side.

	The Ssl'na teetered backwards on his feet for a moment before completely 
falling on to his back, dead. Breathing heavily from the fight, Rei slowly 
turned around until she was facing Clay. The old man was seated in his chair 
clapping.

	"Bravo! Bravo!" he cheered. "That was truly an impressive show, child. I 
wonder what will happen when you face something higher than a peon? I would 
really love to see you fight one of the Drakal." He started to chuckle.

	Rei lifted her Bo and pointed it at him. "Surrender, Clay. We can do this 
the easy way or my mom's way!" 

	"She's right, Clay," added Washu. "You're out of wild cards."

	Clay simply leaned back in his chair. "Not quite, Washu. Till our next 
encounter." He hit a button on his keypad. A capsule suddenly sprung up around 
him. A hole in the ceiling appeared at the same moment, which the capsule 
quickly rocketed up through into the sky. 

	Rei tried to fire a blast at him, but exhaustion suddenly overcame her 
completely. It was all she could do to throw her arms out and keep her face from 
hitting the floor as she collapsed. Washu was soon there and helping her back to 
her feet.

	"It's okay, Rei," her grandmother assured her. "We'll get him next time."

	The teen finally released her Light Hawk Wings, leaning heavily on Washu. 
"Grandma?" she asked quietly.

	"Yes?" answered Washu as she held her tightly. 

	"Is it okay if I take a nap, now?"

	Rei felt her kiss the top of her head. "Of course, sweetie. You've more 
than earned it today."


To be continued...


Notes- All right then, we are coming down the home stretch. Things are starting 
to fall into place, yet more questions are popping up. 

All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com  

	

	
