Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Hard Time"


Day 3

	After a couple of days I've finally been able to get my hands on some 
paper and a pen of sorts. I don't know how he did it, but Grandpa was able to 
get these things for me. Well, I might as well get to the point. We've been on 
Druz for three days now. I'll be using that to date this journal because of all 
the space travel I've been through in the past week. With all that hyperspace 
jumping, I have no idea what the Earth relevant date is. Anyway, like I said 
it's been three days, and I can honestly say that if Hell had vacation spots 
this would be one of them.

	From what I can gather, the entire prison is under ground. There is an 
average detachment of security guards here, but I suppose with the natural 
features of the planet they don't need much. Even if someone could get out of 
the prison, where would he go? There is nothing but endless miles of desert on 
the surface. Those three suns would kill you within a matter of days. 

	Grandpa, Shoytal, and myself have been placed in Block A-One. If I had to 
describe the inhabitants of this block one term would fit them all nicely, super 
criminals. Those living here are the worst and most powerful criminals in the 
entire prison. It's already pretty clear that none of them are happy to see the 
three of us in here. Wait, let me rephrase that. They hate us for what we are 
and are happy to have the chance to kill us. Unfortunately with these damn rings 
around all out necks, we are left only with our basic training for defense while 
many of the locals still possess what innate powers they have. It's my guess 
that Rashoch is responsible for placing us here.

	Damn. Lights out. Be back tomorrow.

Day 4

	Like most places in regular society, there is definitely a hierarchy 
within this prison. At the top, of course, is our host, Warden Sso'Traknal. I 
asked Shoytal what type of creature the warden was, but he didn't know. It was 
Grandpa who finally told me.

	Apparently five thousand years ago our galaxy was invaded by aliens from 
another galaxy. These creatures were called the Ssl'na. The Ssl'na poured into 
our space ravaging everything in sight. The Juraian Empire and others banded 
together to fight this new terror. It was a long, drawn out war, but in the end 
it was Azusa who saved the day. A fleet of epic proportions pushed the main 
Ssl'na force back to where they had first entered our galaxy. Then Azusa had 
used his Jurai Power to create a barrier between our galaxies that could never 
be breached. It worked, and the Ssl'na were defeated. However, there were some 
who were forced to remain in here. No one ever knows when these remaining 
horrors will reappear. It's pretty obvious that someone in the Juraian 
government found at least one and put him in charge of this hellhole.

After Traknal there are a series of rival prisoner factions. Of course the 
strongest one lives in this block. They call themselves the Angel's of Mercy. 
Why, I don't know? These guys are anything but merciful. They terrorize everyone 
who doesn't go along with whatever they are currently doing. We've already had 
two small altercations with Angel members. Needless to say we left them quite 
bloodied. I'm sure it won't be too much longer before their leader, a humanoid 
they call Raff, decides to really try something against us. 

	Lights out. 

Day 6

	Well, we're finally falling into a routine. The days pretty much start 
with community breakfast in the dining halls. After that we are all shuttled off 
to work details. Through some piece of luck, the three of us have remained 
together so far on every job. Right now they have us working in the mines under 
the compound. I don't think we are really mining anything in particular. I think 
that Traknal just likes having prisoners do hard labor. 

	After work details end, prisoners are allowed a short amount of free time. 
Here is where I believe prisons across the galaxy are all the same. Most 
prisoners do one of three things. Work out, watch the Vid Net, or simply mill 
about in the common areas. For now, Grandpa, Shoytal, and I remain near the Vid 
Net screens attempting to get what news we can. 

	I can't help but think about Ryoko and the kids constantly. I pray every 
night that they are all right and safe from the danger. Although, my common 
sense tells me that won't be true forever. Sooner or later Gabriel will attack 
them again, and I won't be there to save them this time.
	
I miss my family. 

	I miss Ryoko. 

Day 10

	The shit has started to hit the fan here. Raff and his Angels have started 
attacking us whenever possible. Traknal knows about it, but he's letting the 
fights happen anyways. We've been lucky up to now, but it looks like Raff will 
soon be sending his stronger members against the three of us. We just escaped 
from a fight down in the mines. Compared to the two Angels we killed with a 
small cave in and the other three we injured, our bruised bones are acceptable. 

	I'm scared, though. There is just the three of us against who really knows 
how many Angels. In a war like this, a lack of allies will be our downfall. 
Sooner or later we will lose, but I'll be damned if I go down without a fight. 

Day 11

	Raff himself and a large contingent of Angels attacked us on the common 
grounds today. I'll be honest and say that we all thought this was the end. Then 
a miracle happened. If I ever get out of here I have to remember to do something 
very nice for Ukarit. Apparently, news of our partnership is fairly well known. 
The prison's smuggler ring has decided to ally itself with us. They came to our 
rescue today, and Raff soon decided to pull back and fight another day. With 
this new factor, I think it will be a while before he tries something again. 

	The leader of the smugglers is a dwarfish alien named Bilup. He was a 
"partner" of Ukarit's a number of years ago before he was arrested for 
destruction and robbing of several of Juraian transports shipping weapons and 
tree ship components. He tells me that any partner of Ukarit's is a partner of 
his. Now we got access to supplies, weapons of sorts, and round the clock 
protection from the Angels and any of their allies. 

	You just gotta love that pink skinned son of a bitch.


-Excerpts from Tenchi Masaki's prison journal.


To be continued...

Notes- I thought this format would be interesting to do. That, and I wanted to 
push ahead in time a little bit, and I felt that this would be a good way to do 
it quickly. 

All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com

	
