Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Great Minds Scheme Alike"



	Ryoko's eyes snapped open with the echo of her name resounding in her 
ears. A groan escaped her lips as she rose from her futon. As soon as she was 
standing, the small bed disappeared into the floor of Ryo-ohki's bridge. The 
pirate rubbed her eyes fiercely in an attempt to pull her mind from her dreams 
and back to reality. Thoughts of her husband were carefully tucked away in her 
mind to be longed over at another time. A view screen with a clock appeared to 
her right, showing that it had only been a few ours since the battle at Earth. 
Ryoko looked down at herself to see that she was still wearing her battle suit.

	"Don't need this anymore," she said quietly. There was a small flash 
around her, changing her clothes. 

	Gone were the dresses and exotic clothes she might have once worn. Not 
only had marriage and motherhood aged Ryoko in ways years could not, her current 
mood did not call for her to delve into her old wardrobe. In place of flashy 
dresses and tight clothing, the pirate now wore a simple combination of blacks 
and grays. A pair of black boots melded seamlessly with a pair of same colored 
pants. She wore a long sleeved, dark gray turtleneck tucked into the pants with 
a sleeveless, ankle length black coat over it. Finally, her spiky cyan hair was 
pulled back tight against her scalp into a braided ponytail that fell between 
her shoulder blades.

	Satisfied, Ryoko looked around the bridge until she spotted its only other 
occupant. Hiro stood at the opposite end of the bridge staring out at the 
hyperspace tunnel. The teenager was still in the blue jeans and black T-shirt he 
had been wearing from earlier. Ryoko walked over to stand next to her son. He 
didn't move at all when she placed a hand on his right shoulder. 

	"How are you doing?" she asked him.

	He glanced at her quickly. "I'm nervous. Now that we're actually doing 
something, I'm...scared." Hiro turned his head to look at her. Ryoko easily saw 
the angst in his eyes. "What's going to happen, mom?"

	Ryoko considered lying to him for a moment, but she quickly changed her 
mind. He deserved more than that. "I don't know," she said honestly. "What I do 
know is that right now all we have is each other." She leaned forward and hugged 
him, tightly.

	Hiro responded with a tight hug of his own. "I love you, mom," he 
whispered.

	"I love you, too, sweetie," she replied. "More than you can possibly 
imagine." The pirate moved back and sniffed back the tears threatening to stream 
down her face.

	"Well that's enough of the mushy stuff," she said with a grin. "We've got 
work to do." Ryoko walked over to the pilot's chair and sat down.

	"So what's the plan?" asked Hiro as he followed her.

	Ryoko started manipulating Ryo-ohki's control crystals. "Simple. We find 
out where your father is, and then we bust him out."

	The teen moved behind the chair to watch. "How? Where do we even begin to 
look for clues?"

	A view screen appeared with the galaxy represented on it. A digital square 
focused on a particular sector and zoomed in. Once zoomed in on the planetary 
system, the square zoomed in even closer around one planet in particular. The 
screen blinked once more and a silver colored planet now filled the area. The 
upper right hand of the screen held the planet's name and hyperspace 
coordinates. 

	A devilish grin appeared on Ryoko's face. "As your great grandfather would 
probably say: 'Only a criminal knows the best places to find other criminals'." 
She looked again at the planet's name.

	Yiref.

_____

	A portal as black as deep space opened up not too far from Earth. Out of 
the portal came a small force of Juraian battleships, with one of the fleet's 
new first generation ships at its head. The behemoth vessel looked like an 
oversized set of football shoulder pads bristling with weapons and a series of 
control decks layered where a head should be. Standing above the bridge, on the 
command deck, stood Rashoch and Zorin.

	Rashoch tapped a COM panel next to him and began to speak. "This is the 
Madhatter to all ships. Begin extensive sensor sweeps of the surrounding area 
and send all findings back here."

	"Do you feel it?" asked Zorin.

	"Of course I feel it, you idiot!" snapped the madman. "I can taste it it's 
so thick!"

	"Then why the sensor sweeps?" asked the bald man.

	Rashoch turned and leveled a sweet smile at him. "Because I like to be 
thorough." The smile disappeared quickly. "As soon as these stupid Juraians give 
us whatever they find, we will just follow the smell of the Light Hawk Wings." 

	He started giggling. "The strongest one should lead us directly to our 
dear, little Ryoko."
_____ 

	After several short stops, a few sub space jumps within hyperspace, and 
about four days later Ryo-ohki appeared in the outer rim system containing the 
planet Yiref. Mentally steering the ship towards the blue and silver planet, 
Ryoko stood in front of the window just watching the globe grow larger. Memories 
flashed across her mind the closer they came to it. The pirate directed her ship 
to a specific place planet side. Just like she had over twenty years before, 
Ryo-ohki easily passed through the atmosphere without detection or problems. 

	Ryoko glanced to her right as Hiro moved to stand beside her. Her son was  
dressed in a similar fashion as her, now in all black. His sneakers, pants, T-
shirt, and trench coat were all black. He smiled at her once and laid a 
reassuring hand on her right shoulder. Ryoko responded by caressing his hand 
lightly. 

	The cloud cover of Yiref parted, and the cabbit ship descended towards a 
silver forest. Moments later mother and son appeared in the middle of a small 
clearing within the forest. Strange looking silverish blue trees covered in 
small holes surrounded them on all sides. Ryoko had thought she could handle 
being here, but now that they were, she felt her inner resolve begin to falter. 
Hiro noticed her sniffing and walked over.

	"Mom?" he asked. "Are you okay?"

	Ryoko rubbed her eyes fiercely and laughed lightly. "I'm fine," she said 
quickly. "Just remembering things, that's all."

	She started walking around the small clearing. "During the Goddess War, 
your father and I stopped here in this very clearing for a short while." A warm 
smile crept onto her face. "Lots of things happened on this planet. It was right 
here in this very spot where your father first started really showing his 
feelings for me." 

	Hiro was actually captivated by her story. "Really?" He pointed to the 
ground. "Right here?"

	Ryoko nodded and laughed. "Yup. I'd been injured in a fight, so he was 
piloting Ryo-ohki." At the mention of her name, the cabbit appeared and hopped 
up onto her mistress's shoulder. "He stopped here for supplies and let me sleep 
off my injury." Her smile broadened and a far off look appeared in her eyes. 
"Unbeknownst to me, he had remembered that it was my birthday. So while I was 
resting, he went off to a nearby city and bought me a present and a birthday 
cake."

	Tenchi's wife levitated a few inches off the ground and started to float 
around the clearing. "When he returned he surprised me with the cake followed by 
the present. Needless to say, I was shocked." She looked over at Hiro. "I hadn't 
even remembered it was my birthday."

	"So what happened after that?" he asked while following her around. 

	Ryoko shot him an amused look. "I thought kids didn't like to hear about 
their parents like that?" Hiro, in a way that would do a young Tenchi proud, 
started to sputter. Ryoko cackled happily. "I'm only kidding."

	"After he gave me the present, a wind started to blow through the forest." 
She pointed to the trees. "When the wind passed through the holes in these 
trees, a melody began to echo all around us. I can't really describe what it was 
like, but all I can say is that it was magical." Ryoko closed her eyes and 
wavered back and forth in the air while remembering that song from long ago. 
"After a little persuasion, I got Tenchi to dance with me. Until the wind 
stopped, we danced and danced and danced."

	Her feet touched down, and Ryoko slowly opened her eyes. "Then we were 
interrupted by the demon Garthinial. But that's a story for another time." She 
walked over to Hiro and took his right hand in hers. "Now we have business to 
attend to." The two of them flickered for a moment before vanishing completely.

_____ 

	When they reappeared, Hiro found himself in the middle of a thriving 
megalopolis. Buildings of all shapes and sizes rose up for miles around with 
hover vehicles of all kinds speeding through the airways. Aliens milled about 
without giving the two of them a first look. Ryoko gave the city around her an 
appraising glance before motioning him to follow her. The two of them waded 
through the busy streets for a while before Ryoko finally stopped in front of a 
surprisingly small store.

	"A bakery?" Hiro said somewhat surprised. "He's in there?"

	"Remember what the old man always says: Things are never what they appear 
to be, especially when you think you know what you see."

	Hiro as now openly gawking at his mother. "Since when did you ever listen 
to what Grandpa Katsuhito says?"

	Ryoko grinned sideways at him. "Like the man says, things ain't what they 
appear to be." She nodded forward. "Come on."

	The two of them walked ahead into what looked like an everyday bakery shop 
with fresh baked breads and pastries in the window. Once inside, it still looked 
like a normal bakery to Hiro. There was a counter with an old humanoid in a 
white apron placing what looked like danishes in the display case. Ignoring him 
completely, Ryoko walked past the front counter towards a hall leading to the 
back. The old humanoid noticed her actions and called out.

	"H...hey! You can't go back there!" Ryoko's only response was a flick of 
her wrist in his general direction. The old man was lifted into the air and 
flung across the room into a wall. Hiro winced at the crashing noise, but 
continued to follow her all the same.

	They hall was not very long with only a few doors on its sides and one at 
the end. Ryoko stopped at the last door and tried turning its brass knob. The 
door didn't budge. "I don't have time to wait like this," she muttered. The 
space pirate pointed her open left hand and loosed a small blast of red power 
that exploded the door inwards. She fearlessly strode forward into the smoke 
cloud caused by the blast.

	Being a bit more cautious, Hiro slowly followed after her. Past the smoke 
was a simple, and small, office with just a steel desk and chairs. Hiro's 
enhanced hearing picked up the hiss of a blaster powering up to their right and 
moved to attack. To his surprise, though, his mother was already ahead of him. 
She pointed, and a thin red beam shot from her right index finger slicing said 
blaster in half.

"Dammit!" shouted a male voice from the same direction. 

	Suddenly, a fairly large pink skinned humanoid in a black and gray suit 
with little spikes on his head burst out of nowhere wringing his burnt hands in 
the air. He stopped immediately when he spotted Ryoko. "Tokimi's tits, Ryoko!" 
he shouted. "Can't you knock like a normal person? When you blast in here like 
that, how the hell am I supposed to react?"

	Her only response was to smile and open her arms towards him. The pink man 
glared at her for another second before breaking into a huge green toothed 
smile. He walked over, and the two embraced. "It's good to see you," he said in 
a calmer tone of voice.

	"Thanks, Ukarit," she replied quietly. 

	The gangster took a step back and looked her over. "I'm sorry about 
everything that's happened. I would have touched base, but..."

	"You thought it would be best to get the hell out of Jurai territory 
because of your connections to the Royal family," she finished for him.

	Ukarit bowed deeply to her. "You know me all too well, dear lady." He 
raised himself back up, still smiling. "So, how did you know I was here?"

	"I guessed," was her response. "Tenchi once told me about this place. I 
figured you would be in one of a few places. This just happened to be the 
closest."

	"I always said you were a lucky one, Ryoko," remarked the gangster. 
"Especially after seeing you die on galactic TV. Very nice."

	Ryoko nodded her head at him. "Thanks. I had help, though," she added with 
a nod at Hiro.

	Ukarit turned to look at the teen. He took two steps towards him and 
extended a hand. "Hiro, my boy. You're looking grown up."

	Hiro took his hand and shook it. "Thanks, I guess." His ears twitched in 
warning just before a blaster loosed a bolt from behind. 

	The teen pushed Ukarit down, vanished, and reappeared next to the attacker 
with a green energy sword held at...her neck. Hiro paused for a moment to look 
at the woman who had just tried to create a new hole in his head. She stood 
about five foot seven with what he had to admit was quite an attractive figure. 
Strawberry blond hair fell past her shoulders to frame a fine boned, round face. 
Her eyes were hazel with specs of green. The woman wore a pair of brown slacks, 
boots, and an off white blouse with a brown vest over it. A holster was strapped 
to her right side and a bronze sword hilt dangled from her left. 

	Hiro swallowed once before speaking. "I...suggest that you drop your gun."

	"It's all right, Leah," Ukarit said finally. "These are old friends of 
mine. Hiro, if you would please," he added with a gesture to the sword. The teen 
looked once at his mother before extinguishing his weapon. Ukarit walked over 
and stepped between Hiro and the woman named Leah. "Damn, kid, you sure are 
fast."

	"Ryoko and Hiro Masaki, let me introduce you to Leah Ilosor, my 
professional troubleshooter." 

	Leah holstered her gun. She flashed Hiro a dangerous look before breaking 
into a huge grin and extending her hand to Ryoko. "Nice to meet you. Ukarit's 
told me a lot about you."

	The pirate took her hand and shook it. "How long have you been part of the 
crew?"

	"About five galactic years now," replied the troubleshooter while 
retracting her hand.

	"Then she's trust worthy?" Ryoko asked the gangster. 

	He nodded. "I'd trust her with my life."

	"Good," said Ryoko flatly. "We need to get down to business. Give you one 
guess why we're here."

	Ukarit's smile was thin. "You want to know where he is." Ryoko mirrored 
his smile. "Way ahead of you." He motioned her to sit as he moved behind the 
steel desk. "It just so happens that I have a meeting with someone who might 
just have a lead on where Tenchi and the others were taken. Well, to be more 
precise exactly where."

	No sooner had she sat down, Ryoko was on her feet with her palms pressed 
flat on the desk. "Where is he?" she asked hurriedly.

	Grim was the only way to describe Ukarit's face, now. "Druz."

	Hiro watched with worry as his mother went deathly pale. He moved to 
steady her, but a raised hand stopped him. "That son of a bitch sent them to 
Druz," she whispered.

	"Excuse me," interrupted Hiro. "What's Druz?"

	"An ancient Juraian maximum security prison," answered Leah. "Every 
criminal across the galaxy knows about it, but not where it is. The Juraians 
have managed to keep its secret location hidden for the past ten thousand 
years."

	"But every secret has a crack in it," stated Ukarit. "I figured that was 
where Azusa would send your dad and the others. So, I've been trying to get a 
location ever since the trial."

	"And the meeting tonight might give us something?" asked Ryoko, who was 
back in her seat.

	"Yeah, but I don't think we'll really need it, now," Ukarit told her. "Now 
that you're involved, we can just ask Red to find it. I'm sure it would be no 
problem for her." 

	Hiro shook his head while Ryoko went stone faced. "No go on that one," 
said the teen. "Azusa did something to her, and now she's in a coma. Rei and 
Daisar are taking her to the People of the Gem to try and heal her."

	"Damn," hissed the pink man. He shrugged and looked over at Leah. "That 
puts us back at square one. Go to the meeting place and get what you can. And 
don't let that little cheat change the price we agreed on."

	"Right," Leah said with a nod. "I'll leave right now."

	"Wait." The gangster motioned to Hiro. "Take the kid. He'll be good 
backup."

	Leah looked at her boss with wide eyes. "Are you serious? He's just a boy. 
I can't look out for him and make the deal at the same time."

	Ukarit made a soothing motion with his hand. "Calm down, Leah. Trust me on 
this. Hiro won't need you to look after him."

	The woman made a face before turning and walking out of the office. She 
stopped at the end of the hall and looked back. "You coming or not?" she called 
back.

	Hiro looked at Ryoko once. She smiled and nodded. "Did you take that 
language injection Rei gave you before we left?"

	"Yeah," he replied.

	"Then go on." Hiro could hardly contain his excitement. "Just be careful. 
I don't need to break you out of prison, too."

	"No problem, mom!" he promised before running after Leah.

_____ 

	Ryoko watched her only son as he followed after the woman named Leah. With 
Hiro out of sight, she slumped wearily into her chair. The pirate turned her 
tired gaze to her friend and just said, "Liquor. Now."

	Ukarit responded by pulling out a bottle of red liquid and a pair of tall 
glasses. He filled each glass up halfway, and they toasted. Ryoko downed her 
drink in one gulp. Its taste was hot with a slight cinnamon flavor. Without 
asking she poured herself some more. Ryo-ohki climbed off of her shoulder and 
settled into her lap. Ryoko absently pet the creature while attacking her second 
drink. 

	"So what's really happening out there?" Ukarit finally asked her.

	Ryoko placed her once again empty glass back on the table. "Truth be told, 
I don't have a fuckin' clue. All I do know is that Azusa suddenly has the power 
to manifest Light Hawk Wings as well as give them to others. Then the bastard 
steals my husband from me and shatters my happy home." She poured herself a 
third glass. "And now I've dragged my teenage son along with me on a suicide 
mission to rescue his father, while my daughters are off running around the 
galaxy probably one wrong turn away from running into the Juraian Armada."

	"So basically, things suck," was all the gangster said in response.

	Just a little red in the cheeks, Ryoko smiled back at him. "In a nut 
shell. So, how's things with you?"

_____ 

	Hiro finally caught up with Leah in an alley next to the bakery. The woman 
had pulled out a false panel from the side of the building and was busily 
tapping a keypad. Suddenly, the ground before them opened up and a pair of hover 
cycles were brought up to surface. Leah replaced the panel and hopped onto one 
of them.

	"Well come on," she snapped at Hiro. "We're on a schedule here." She 
clicked the ignition button and revved the engine. A half smile finally cracked 
her face. "Try and keep up, Earther." With that she was off into the air.

	Not needing to be told twice, Hiro quickly powered up the other cyc and 
followed after Leah. It took a few moments, but he was soon able to handle the 
hover cycle with ease. Leah, not bothering to wait for him, sped off into the 
layers maddening air traffic. Hiro muttered a couple of selective curses and 
followed. What happened next could only be described as a very intense game of 
follow the leader. Leah was obviously still not thrilled to have Hiro tagging 
along, and she was doing her best to lose him in the traffic. Tenchi's son, 
however, wasn't going to allow anything of the sort. 

	Air speeders, hover trucks and cars, and transports all honked their horns 
as the pair of hover cyclists weaved in and out of traffic. Leah zoomed around 
one car and then under a transport. Squinting against the wind, Hiro banked 
around the car and pulled his cycle over the long transport. Sparks shot 
outwards as he skimmed the top of the long vehical. He reached the end of the 
transport just as Leah flew up past him. She jerked to the left to avoid a car 
in the upper lane and pulled up between another set of cars. Not allowing 
himself to left behind, the cyan haired teen upped the throttle and shot between 
the same two cars. 

	As he parted the cars, Hiro was greeted by a whooping Leah, who suddenly 
zipped past him in the opposite direction. Without thinking, he pulled back on 
the bars of the cyc, flipped a hundred eighty degrees backwards, and followed 
after her. Hover cars began honking horns wildly as the pair flew head long into 
the on coming traffic. Hiro managed to pull up along side Leah only to have a 
large transport truck blare its horn at them. 

	"Shit!" he cried in surprise and juked to the left while Leah went right. 

	The pair of cyclists zoomed around the truck to meet on the other side. 
Hiro aimed down and Leah pulled her bike up to avoid a speeding car. When Hiro 
was able to clear the car, he spotted Leah flying straight up through the 
traffic layers. Continuing to grumble, yet smiling at the same time, he spun the 
cycle around and followed suite. 

	Car: bank left.

	Truck: bank right then left to avoid another car. 

	Airway becomes two lanes: weave around a transport trailer while hugging 
the sides.

	A pack of hover cycles: repeated jerks to the left and right resulting in 
only slightly hitting one cyclist.

	Finally, Hiro broke free from the traffic, breathing a sigh of relief in 
the process. It only took him a second to spot Leah heading for a forest of high 
rising buildings. He swore for an instant that she looked over her shoulder and 
smirked. The humming of the cycles filled the air as the pair entered the 
pathways between the highrises. Leah hugged the sides of building after 
building, suddenly taking sharp turns around corners. Hiro, teeth clenched 
tightly with each turn, continued to pursue. They flew through the metal jungle 
for several more minutes, with the teen gaining ground at every turn, before 
Leah finally aimed her cyc down towards ground level. 

The two of them hit the streets going well over whatever the posted speed limit 
was. Collected pools of water sprayed in all directions as they flew down the 
streets. Hiro chanced a glance to see that they were in some sort of 
entertainment district. Bars, restaurants, casinos, and clubs were all around 
him with their flashing neon signs and crowds of oddly dressed aliens milling 
about. Leah finally pulled up to the curbside and powered down her hover cycle. 

	"Interesting route," commented Hiro as he parked behind her. 

	She actually flashed him a thin smile before sliding off the cycle. "I'm 
impressed, Masaki. Way to keep up." She motioned with her head towards a club 
across the street. "Come on. Our meeting's in there." Hiro watched as she 
unhooked her holster, with the blaster still inside, and placed it in the seat 
compartment of her cycle. Next the troubleshooter produced a small, palm sized 
gun with what looked like hair clips, and placed it within her hair.

	"You need a weapon?" she asked him.

	Hiro tore his eyes away from her hair and shook his head. "Not necessary." 
He opened his palm to produce a few crackles of green energy.

	Leah nodded with remembrance. "Oh, yeah. Ability to create energy 
weapons." She punched in the security codes for the two hover cycles and started 
towards the club. "Let's go."

	The two of them walked right up to the front of a black building with a 
holographic, neon sign floating over it. Leah told Hiro that the sign read "The 
Slipstream Tunnel." The troubleshooter didn't even stop her stride as she walked 
right past the large, multi-armed bouncer, who simply let them pass with a nod. 
When asked how she did that, she simply responded, "Ukarit is a silent partner 
of the club."

	The club itself was a huge, tri leveled room packed with aliens and 
humanoids. The upper level, which they were on now, was a lounge of sorts with a 
bar, couches and tables, and a landing that looked down onto the second level. 
The second level was just a huge dance floor lit by half a dozen colored lights. 
When Hiro asked about the third level, Leah just told him that was where the 
gamblers all hung out. She led them over to the bar and pulled up a couple of 
stools.

	Soon a pale skinned and haired bartender walked up, dressed in a tuxedo 
like costume with a blue vest and bow tie. He tipped his head to Leah and leaned 
close. "Good evening. What can I get you?"

	Leah tapped her fingers on the bar and smiled. "I'm in the mood for 
something in particular. I don't suppose you would have any suggestions?"

	He pretended to think for a moment. "Well, I do think that we might have 
something to your tastes on the lower level. Be careful. It comes with a few 
tall orders."

	"Thanks, Somar," Leah said quietly. She got up and headed for the stairs.

	"My pleasure," replied the pale man. "Hey, Hiro," he added.

	Hiro gave him a half smile and a nod before going after Leah. They stepped 
onto the lift pad, and she keyed it to take them down to the third level. When 
the lift stopped, they stepped off into an area filled with several dozen round 
tables, all with games going on. Leah scanned everything for a few seconds. 
Finally, she tapped Hiro on the arm and motioned to one table in particular. 
Twenty feet away was a table with just one occupant sitting there flanked by 
several large, and darkly clad, brown scaled humanoids. With Leah in the lead, 
they walked over.

	The closer they got, the more of the occupant Hiro was able to make out. 
Wearing dark green and red robes, the sole alien at the table looked like some 
sort of bird. It was short, at least for feet tall, with pale yellow feathers 
neatly groomed. Its eyes were tiny black points that rested above a mid sized 
orange beak. It ceased playing its solitary card game with their arrival.

	"Nice to see you again, Miss Ilosor," he said in a high, squealing voice.

	"Pleasure's all yours, Jitht," she replied with a condescending smile. 
"Why don't we cut through the chatter and get down to business? You said you 
have  certain information, and my boss is willing to pay a hefty price for it."

	Hiro wasn't sure, but he swore that Jitht smiled. "Perhaps, perhaps. The 
price has gone up, though. It seems that the Juraians are very interested in the 
whereabouts of your boss. If memory serves, I believe that he had strong ties to 
the former Juraian Empress."

	Leah scowled at the creature. "No dice, Jitht. Price is non-negotiable. 
Just tell me what you know, and I'll give you the creds."

	Jitht loosed a chirping chuckle. "Then the deal is off. The Juraians are 
offering double that for information that leads to the capture of Ukarit." He 
lifted a feathered hand that held a small, metal cube. "It just so happens that 
the Juraians are also interested in any of his associates." 

	That was when Hiro noticed that the cube was flashing. "He's sold us out!" 
cried the teen. A commotion from above served to confirm his statement. Cries 
from above filtered down telling that a squad of Juraian soldiers had just 
blasted into the club. 

	Leah cursed and lunged for Jitht, but his bodyguards moved to intercept. 
Hiro, though, was even faster. One of the scaled giants threw a punch at Leah's 
head, but Hiro suddenly appeared and caught the large fist with one hand. 
Complete focus displayed on his face, Hiro threw the fist to his right as he 
leveled a spin kick right into the side of the alien's head. The large creature 
was sent soaring through the air to crash into several now vacant tables. 

	The remaining five rushed him without pause. Hiro phased through the 
attack of the first one and became solid seconds before he punched the following 
brute in the chest. The second alien flew back to knock down two more of its 
companions. The first attacker spun around to lunge at Hiro from behind, but 
once again the cyan haired teen was faster. He back jumped over the lunge, 
flipped in mid air, and landed a kick right in the back of the alien's head. The 
creature dropped to the ground unconscious. The remaining bodyguard looked at 
Hiro, looked at the others, and finally ran in the other direction. 

	"Whoa," said Leah with a whistle. "I guess I was wrong about you, Hiro." 

	Realizing just what he had done, Hiro blushed slightly under her gaze. 
"Uh, thanks." What was wrong with him? He mentally slapped himself and pointed 
to Jitht. Green energy started to collect at the tip of his finger. 

	Leah looked back at the little creature and grabbed the front of his 
robes. "You've got three seconds before my friend here starts shaving those 
feathers off your head! Talk!"

	Jitht visibly swallowed. "O...okay! On Jinwei III there is an antique 
shop. It's said that the owner escaped from Druz over two thousand years ago! 
That's all I know, I swear!"

	"Thanks, birdie," Leah said as she dropped him back in the chair. She 
reached back into her hair and pulled out the small gun. "Time to get out of 
here."

	There was a crash next to them as someone landed from above. Leah spun 
around with the gun trained on the new arrival, and Hiro summoned a sword. Both 
of them relaxed when they saw it was only Somar. The pale man had ditched the 
vest and bow tie and was now holding an energy sword and a blaster. 

	"Juraians are all over the place," he reported. "I've got a transport in 
the basement we can use. We have to get back to Ukarit and get the hell out of 
here."

	"Right," agreed Leah. She and Hiro quickly followed Somar.

	Moments later a sleek, arrow like, silver hulled transport blasted its way 
out of the club. As soon as they were airborne, Leah contacted Ukarit and 
relayed the situation to him. "Geez," he sighed. "Every time a Masaki comes to 
visit me I lose a place of business. Ah, well. Somar knows where to rendezvous 
with the Loaded Dice. We'll see you guys there." The screen clicked off.

	Leah looked over at Hiro and studied him for a moment. "So tell me 
something, Hiro Masaki. What other tricks can you perform?" A sly smile followed 
the question.

	Hiro's only response was to blush.

_____ 

	Rashoch side stepped the robot's energy sword and released a power blast 
that disintegrated the machine. He lowered his right hand and looked around the 
training chamber that was littered with robot parts and covered in scorch marks. 
A beeping noise came from the door, alerting him to a visitor.

	"What?" he shouted at the door. 

	The metal door slid open, and Zorin walked inside. "I have news," he said 
in his deep voice.

	The madman raised an eyebrow at his compatriot. "Really? Tell me."

	"We just received reports from a capture squad following up a lead on the 
planet Yiref," replied Zorin. "While attempting to capture the known criminal 
Ukarit, the squad attacked a club on a tip that their prize would be there."

	"Get to the point!" screamed Rashoch. Energy started to crackle around 
him.

	Zorin just cleared his throat. "Reports say that a cyan haired youth with 
incredible strength was seen fighting in the club. He also exhibited other 
powers such as teleportation and the ability to create energy weapons."

	The energy ceased crackling around Rashoch as a smile crept onto his face. 
"Plot a course for Yiref. The hunt is on."

To be continued...


Notes- well not much to say here. All I will say is that we are now into act 2. 
I hope that people are enjoying the ride so far. Oh, and I recommend listening 
to the Aerosmith song Just Push Play when reading the Follow the Leader scene in 
this chapter. I rewrote that part to suite it in a way. Trust me, it really adds 
something to it. 

All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com
	
	 
