Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin

"Whom Lies Beneath"


	Mayuka could only watch as her father was beamed up to the Juraian ship. 
The bodies of all the unconscious Juraian soldiers were beamed away as well. 
Soon the members of the Masaki family were the only ones left in the yard. The 
massive ship turned and started rising up into the sky until it was soon out of 
sight completely. Mayuka eventually turned back to look at the rest of her 
family. Ryoko had dropped to her knees sobbing with Hiro standing over her in a 
vain attempt to give comfort. Rei had gone over to check Washu, who seemed to be 
completely comatose. 

	"Mayuka?" asked Achika.

	She looked at the child in her arms. "Yeah?"

	"Why is everyone so sad?" The confusion was evident in her eyes. "Isn't 
Daddy coming back soon?"

	Mayuka searched for the best answer. With their mother in her current 
state and Washu out cold all the leadership was in her hands, and she didn't 
want to upset Achika needlessly. "Let's just say that it's a bit more 
complicated than that, kiddo." She placed her little sister on the ground. "Why 
don't you go and help Hiro get Mommy to her room. I think she needs a nap."

	The cyan haired child looked at her for a moment. Mayuka could tell that 
her young mind partially saw through the half truths. "Okay," she said finally. 
She calmly walked over and started talking to Ryoko.

	A few minutes later Hiro and Achika walked Ryoko inside. Mayuka sighed and 
headed over to Rei and Washu's still form. "How is she?"

	"Not good," replied Rei. "What ever he did has sent her into a deep coma. 
Her heart is beating and she's breathing, but that's about all I can tell you. I 
might be able to get some more answers once I get her down into the lab."

	Mayuka got a nervous look on her face. "Are you sure it's a good idea to 
go down there?"

	Rei finally looked up at her with a serious expression. "Hey, give me a 
little credit, Mayuka. I've been her assistant for the past eight years. The lab 
will accept most of my commands without too many problems."

	"Fine," Mayuka told her. "As soon as she's stabilized meet me in what's 
left of the living room. We need to start cleaning up. We don't need Grandpa 
Noboyuki having a heart attack if he comes by."

	"Right," agreed Rei. She easily picked up Washu and walked into the house.

	"Oh, man," sighed Mayuka. "Some vacation this is turning out to be."

_____ 

	Tenchi sat cross legged on the floor opposite his grandfather. The two men 
were in a small, four walled room with no furniture and a single glow lamp 
hovering above them. They had been there for several hours now. In an attempt to 
quiet his anger, Tenchi had started meditating. While it seemed that Yosho had 
succeeded in quieting his own emotions, Tenchi could honestly say that his rage 
was still just as powerful as before. 

	The door suddenly slid open filling the room with more light. "On your 
feet, Masaki," came Rashoch's voice from behind. "Azusa wants to talk with you."

	Tenchi opened his eyes and got to his feet. Two guards appeared at his 
sides to quickly cuffed his hands behind his back. They followed by forcefully 
turning and pushing him out of the room. "Go back to your stations," ordered 
Rashoch. He giggled lightly. "I'll walk the prisoner to His Majesty."

	"Yes, sir!" The soldiers spun around and walked away.

	Space tree roots could be seen lining the walls creating the operating 
system that was unique to Juraian vessels. From the size and contruction of the 
halls, Tenchi guessed that this was one of the new first generation tree ships. 
Rashoch gave him a push to start walking. They moved down the hall until they 
reached a turbolift. There was silence as the lift transported them through the 
ship's decks. The door finally opened, and Tenchi was again pushed out. The 
Juraian prince ungracefully stumbled onto the ship's bridge.

The bridge was bi-level with the command station resting on a balcony 
overlooking the rest of the stations below. Techs were scrambling back and forth 
from console to console talking rapidly. It was behind the command station that 
Tenchi found himself. At least twenty feet in front of him was Azusa standing at 
the balcony railing staring at the main view screen. Tenchi's eyes thinned at 
the picture he was seeing. 

	A large, white portal appeared in front of the ship. Tenchi didn't need to 
be connected to his Light Hawk Wings to know a Wing generated portal when he saw 
one. "Where are we going?" he asked the man behind him.

	"Jurai," replied Rashoch. "Your trial is to take place immediately. We 
were originally going to wait until all the accused were gathered, but Azusa 
seems eager to have you sentenced." He chuckled. "I just guess that the Princess 
Sasami will have to have separate trial."

	"Sasami!" breathed Tenchi. His mind started racing at this realization. 
She had left Earth a few days ago to meet Kiyone at a Galaxy Police starbase, 
who was then going to escort her to Jurai. Tenchi spun around to glare at his 
newest enemy. "You leave her alone! You already have Ayeka and myself! Sasami 
has even less political ambition than I do!"

	Rashoch smiled evilly. "You talk to me like I give a damn, Masaki. For now 
I just go where I'm pointed." His smile grew thin. "I'm just biding my time 
until I can kill you once and for all."

	"I told you the Goddess War is over," Tenchi said flatly. "There is no 
reason for us to fight, Rashoch."

	"Ha!" barked the other man. "That is where you are wrong! As long as one 
of us exists it is never over!" He grabbed Tenchi by the front of his robe. 
"Ziasha stole my right to fight and kill you! *I* was the one who was supposed 
to fight you! ME!!!!!" His blue and green eyes were filled with madness.

	Tenchi, however, managed to summon a cool gaze. "It is unhealthy to live 
in the past."

	Just as suddenly as it appeared, Rashoch's madness vanished to be replaced 
by a crooked smile. "I see only the future. If I were you, though, I would worry 
about the present." His following laugh was filled with menace. "After all, 
without you around there is no one to look after that family of yours."

	Tenchi's summoned calm evaporated to be replaced by anguish and fear. 
"That's right, Masaki," purred Rashoch. "But don't worry, I'll look in on them 
for you. Especially the women." Cold fire started burning around Tenchi's heart. 
"Now, your wife isn't exactly my type. Too headstrong. But your daughters," he 
added with a sickening grin, "are just what I like. Nice and innocent."

	"You stay away from them, you bastard!" shouted Tenchi. Despite his bound 
state, he lunged shoulders first at the man before him.

	His attack was instantly stopped when Rashoch planted his right fist in 
his stomach. Tenchi lurched forward as the breath was expelled from his lungs. 
Rashoch slammed his elbow into the back of his head, forcing him down to his 
knees. The prince rolled to his side and tried vainly to get up, but a swift 
kick to the gut stopped that action, too. 

	"To hell with waiting!" cried Rashoch. Light Hawk Power surrounded him, 
creating a black sword in his hands aimed right at Tenchi's chest. "I'll just 
kill you now!"

	"Rashoch!" thundered Azusa's voice. The crazed man pulled back to strike. 
"Rashoch!" Azusa shouted again. "Desist!"

	The mad man's sword vanished as suddenly as it had appeared. He 
straightened and laughed lightly. "Fine. I guess I can wait a little longer." 
There was a flash of black fire, and Rashoch was gone.

	Tenchi struggled to get back to his feet. It took a few moments, but when 
he finally stood Azusa was there to greet him. "You must excuse, Rashoch. He 
tends to get a little...over excited."

	Tenchi was about to reply to his captor's statement, but the words were 
lost when he looked at the Juraian Lord's face. Instead of burgundy, Azusa's 
eyes were completely white. "You're not Azusa, are you?"

	"You're very observant, Tenchi," replied the figure with a laugh. 

	Despite the ache in his stomach, Tenchi straightened to meet his 
opponent's gaze. "Who are you?"

	"My name is Gabriel," he answered. "Azusa is taking a little nap right 
now." 

	"You're the one behind this. Aren't you," concluded Tenchi. "You are the 
one who is giving Azusa all this power."

	"Right again, Tenchi," laughed Gabriel. "You know, Azusa is wrong about 
you. You aren't just a stupid Earthling." 

	"What do you want?" Tenchi asked finally. "You're the one who wanted to 
talk to me, not Azusa."

	Gabriel smiled evenly at him. "I simply wanted to get to know the man that 
our dear Azusa hates and fears so much. You know it is too bad that his anger 
blinds him to the reality of the situation. Even I can see that you want nothing 
to do with Jurai's throne." He started walking back to the balcony's railing. 

	Tenchi followed after him. "I'm sure that you didn't have anything to do 
with urging those feelings in him." 

	"Again, you see right through me, Tenchi," said Gabriel with a chuckle. "I 
admit that I have influenced Azusa's emotions over the past few years. But I 
want to assure you that what I have done is nothing personal against you."

	"Really?" hissed Tenchi. "So taking me away from my family and putting me 
on trial is nothing personal?"

	"Exactly." Gabriel folded his arms. "What has happened here was done to 
appease Azusa. Unfortunately, I need his assistance to accomplish my goals. Your 
imprisonment is just a bonus for me. After all, I do not need you interfering 
with my plans later on. Believe me, Tenchi, I would never wish anything ill 
towards the man who killed Tokimi."

	That caused Tenchi to pause for a second. "What do you know about Tokimi?"

	Gabriel's smile sent a chill down his spine. "More that you can possibly 
imagine." He looked away from Tenchi at the front of the bridge. The ship had 
passed through the portal a short time ago, and now Jurai was filling their 
sight. "Our conversation is at an end. Just remember one thing, Tenchi. Whatever 
may happen, I advise you to remain a ghost once the trial is over. Do so, and 
your family just might survive until the inevitable."

	Soldiers appeared at Tenchi's sides. Each one took an arm and moved him 
back to the turbolift. To confused to say anything more, the prince just allowed 
himself to be pulled along. The horror of what he had just discovered was 
setting in. Whoever this Gabriel inside of Azusa was, there was one horrifying 
truth to be faced. Gabriel could summon Light Hawk Wings. And if Tenchi wasn't 
mistaken, he could bestow them upon others as well.

_____ 

	Azusa suddenly awoke to find himself in the Imperial Palace. He stood in 
his throne room with Zorin, Ashra, Timerra, and Rashoch standing before him. The 
newly reinstalled Emperor looked around wildly. How had he gotten here? The last 
thing he remembered was ordering his ship to leave the Earth's orbit. 
	
	"Is there something wrong, Lord Azusa?" asked Timerra.

	"Of course not!" he bellowed. "Leave me!" They all bowed, except for 
Rashoch, and left. "Gabriel! What is the meaning of this!?"

	*The meaning of what, Azusa?* replied Gabriel in his mind.

	"What did you do to me?" he demanded. "Why can I not remember the past few 
hours?"

	*I merely took control for a short time,* said the voice. *There were some 
things I wanted to see to personally.*

	"That does not give you the right to simply put me to 
slee...aaaaaaahhhhh!!!!!!" he suddenly cried out as pain shot through his head. 

	*Remember what I told you before, Azusa,* warned Gabriel. *I am in charge 
here. You are just a tool that can be disposed of if necessary. Now your little 
trial is tomorrow, so I'll give you free reign. Just make sure that Tenchi is 
out of the way, but do not kill him yet. I may have need of him again.*

	"We should just kill Masaki and destroy the Earth so his family cannot 
challenge us," snapped Azusa.

	*You need to relearn the value of patience and planning, Azusa,* chided 
Gabriel. *Lady Washu has been dealt with, but Tsunami will now be able to see 
the coming attack. We may have the Tree of Light here, but as long as she exists 
inside of your other daughter she is as free as ever. No, both Tenchi and Ayeka 
can still be used to draw her into a trap. That is why no one must be sentenced 
to immediate death tomorrow. Just have them placed in the deepest, darkest cell 
you can find.*

	Azusa scowled. "And what about the ones on Earth? Why don't we just 
vaporize that pathetic dust ball?"

	*Again, I remind you to focus,* instructed Gabriel. *One, we cannot kill 
them for that is what is keeping Tenchi and your son in line. Their powers may 
be gone, but they are more resourceful than you give them credit for. Two, we 
have only Touched half of the fleet. There are still others out there who don't 
blindly follow us. To destroy a backwards planet without reason would raise too 
much alarm.*

	Azusa exhaled and started pacing at the base of the throne. "You are 
correct," he admitted. "I will see to tomorrow's proceedings as you have asked. 
Just remember what you promised me."

_____

	*Worry not, Azusa. You will get everything you deserve,* answered the 
entity within the Juraian's body. 

	What he didn't add was that to challenge their enemies at this juncture 
would be foolish. *My power has yet to fully recharge,* he said to himself. 
*When the time comes, I will not only destroy the Masaki family, but the enture 
universe.* 

_____ 

	Mayuka walked into the half destroyed living room and sat down on the 
couch that was still in one piece. She had on a pair of blue jeans and a yellow 
and green turtleneck. The eldest of the Masaki children released a long sigh 
while letting her head fall backwards. It had been a day since the attack, and 
things were not getting any better. Her mother refused to come out of her room. 
Washu was still comatose, but according to Rei she was otherwise fine. Hiro had 
been off in the hills letting out his aggression. Every now and then one could 
hear an explosion in the distance. 

	The door to the lab banged open, and Rei suddenly ran out. "Mayuka! I just 
picked up a ship heading for the house."

	Mayuka was on her feet instantly. "Where's Ryo-ohki?"

	"Upstairs trying to comfort mom," answered Rei. "It's Juraian make."

	"Right." Mayuka reached into her pocket and pulled out Tenchi-ken. "Let's 
make sure we give them a warm welcome."

	Rei nodded. There was a flash around her, and a purple and black battle 
suit similar to their mother's replaced the green and black lab dress she had 
been wearing. Her purple energy bo snapped to life, and the raven haired teen 
flew outside. Mayuka ignited Tenchi-ken and followed quickly.

	"Rei, stay out of sight until I give you the signal!" shouted Mayuka.

	"Got ya!" came her voice from above. 

	It wasn't much longer until a small, black dot could be seen in the sky 
coming closer. When it was close enough to see details, it was obviously a 
Juraian shuttle craft, although, it looked like it had seen better days. As the 
shuttle touched down in the front yard, Mayuka took up a defensive stance. Air 
was expelled from the vehicle's vents alerting her that the occupants were going 
to disembark. The rear of the ship opened, and Mayuka could make out three 
figures through the steam. 

	"Hold it right there!" she ordered loudly. "Why don't you just get right 
back on your ship and get out of our yard, or else prepare to suffer the worst 
ass kicking of your lives!"

	"Please don't shoot!" screamed a familiar high pitched voice. "We 
surrender! We surrender!"

	Mayuka lowered her sword. "Mihoshi? Is that you?"

	The blond ditz stepped out from the now evaporating steam wearing her GP 
uniform. She had her hands raised and tears running down her cheeks. Mayuka 
sighed with relief and deactivated Tenchi-ken. "It's okay, Mihoshi. I'm not 
going to attack you."

	"That's a relief," came another familiar voice from behind. Mayuka was 
mildly shocked when Gerin Iost walked up to Mihoshi's left. "We've had a ruff 
enough trip as it is."

	Another figure was standing next to Gerin. It was her cousin Prince 
Daisar! "Greetings, cousin Mayuka. It has been a year or so since we last saw 
one another. I hope you are faring well." He took a look around the yard and at 
the house. "I suppose not, though."

	There was a small gust of wind as Rei landed next to Mayuka. "Daisar? What 
are you doing here?"

	"It's kind of a long story," Gerin interjected. "Mind if we come inside 
and talk about it? But first, where's a working bathroom?"

_____ 

	It was half an hour later that found Mayuka, Rei, Gerin, and Daisar 
sitting in the remains of the living room talking. Gerin was just finishing 
telling the end of their journey. "Well after we rammed into Mihoshi's ship we 
floated there for a while. Deciding it would be easier to blend in with the 
fleet using my shuttle, we parked Yukinojo at Ukarit's moon base and headed here 
after everything calmed down."

	"How many Juraian ships are up there right now?" asked Mayuka.

	Gerin started ticking off fingers. "Two thousand on last count," answered 
Daisar. "Quite enough to do significant damage to this planet if ordered to do 
so."

	"Pretty much cutting off any chance of escape," grumbled Gerin. "So," he 
continued, "what happened down here, exactly?"

	Between the two sisters the events of the previous day were recounted for 
the two Juraians. "I'm so sorry, cousins," Daisar said sadly. "How is Aunt 
Ryoko?"

	"Refusing to come out of her room," replied Rei quietly. "Ryo-ohki's been 
trying to coax her out, but she still won't budge. Apparently she's in some sort 
of catatonic state."

	Seeing the need to avoid talking about Ryoko's state, Mayuka moved to 
change the subject. "Gerin, do you know what's going to happen to dad, Grandpa 
Katsuhito, and Daisar's parents?"

	"You want my best guess?" She nodded. "Well, they are probably going to be 
put on trial for treason by..."

	"Azusa," came Hiro's voice from the left. Everyone turned to see him 
standing just inside the living room. "Azusa's to blame for all of this."

	Hiro wore only a pair of black training pants. He was bare chested with a 
sheen of sweat covering a series of scrapes, bruises, and dirt stains. His face 
was a mask of determination. He slowly walked inside past everyone towards the 
stairs. "I don't care how long it takes, but we're going to find a way off of 
this rock to go and kick that son of a bitch's ass." With that said he quietly 
walked up the stairs to his room.

	Gerin and Daisar looked back at Mayuka. "He's not handling this very well. 
The local countryside has been taking a beating since last night."

	Rei, back in her lab dress, rose and headed for the kitchen. "Well, I 
think we'd better get something for lunch. I'm gonna thin the atmospheric 
forcefield around the hole and let some air into the house."

	Mayuka watched her sister go into the kitchen. "She's putting on a brave 
face. The poor kid spends most of her time down in the lab watching over Washu. 
They had a fight before the incident, and I think she wishes that there could 
have been some closure."

	"And what about you?" asked Gerin. "How are you handling all this?"

	"Me?" She smiled half heartedly. "I think I'm just suffering from everyday 
depression. Nothing over eating and lack of sleep can't cure." The three started 
chuckling at her remarks. "I think I've been taking too many psych classes at 
school." She paused until the light laughter subsided. "When will we know about 
the trial?"

	"The whole thing will probably be televised across the Empire," explained 
Gerin. "I can set the shuttle's computers to alert us when it happens."

	Mayuka gave him a small smile. "Thanks, Gerin." She took in a deep breath 
and got to her feet. "Listen, why don't you guys go and get settled in the back 
rooms. I think all of us need to get a little rest. There should be some extra 
clothes around for you guys to change into. I'll call you when lunch is ready." 
The young woman walked past them to the kitchen without saying another word.

_____ 

	Tenchi guessed that he and his grandfather had been on Jurai for at least 
a day now. The two of them had been locked in a room somewhere in the Imperial 
Palace. Their only contact with the outside had been when a soldier had arrived 
with food once several hours ago. Like every place they had been stuffed into 
since their capture, the two men were now sitting in furnitureless room with no 
windows and a single glow lamp. 

	"At least there is carpeting, Tenchi," said Yosho with a sheepish grin.

	Tenchi glowered at him. "We're about to go on trial for treason, and you 
are glad we have carpeting?"

	Yosho's face became calm. "One should be thankful for the smallest things 
during times of trouble."

	Before Tenchi could respond, the door slid open to reveal a hall filled 
with soldiers. Both Masakis had their hands cuffed in front before being ushered 
out into the hall. The procession down the white marble halls of the Palace was 
a grim one. The only sounds were those of the boots scraping against the 
polished black floors. 

	"Do you know where they're taking us, Grandpa?" Tenchi asked finally.

	Yosho kept his eyes forward while answering. "Most likely to the Council 
Hall. It is where the Holy Council of Jurai meets. We will be tried by them, and 
after that the Emperor will pass sentence on us."

	Tenchi's head drooped. "We're doomed."

	The longer they walked, the more Juraians appeared to line the walls and 
stare at them. Finley dressed lords and ladies whispered to each other as the 
procession passed. By the time they arrived at the Council Hall at least a 
hundred Juraian nobles were crowded outside the large gold inlaid wooden doors. 
A large relief of what could only be described as holy looking Juraians covered 
the double doors of the hall. They were gathered in a circle around an 
individual that could only be the Emperor. 

	A soldier announced the arrival of the accused, and the doors swung open. 
Tenchi and Yosho were unceremoniously hustled inside. The Hall itself was a 
large circular chamber with three sections of balcony bleachers running all 
around, looking down at the center. The center of the Hall held a ten foot tall 
crescent table with ten elderly Juraians seated behind it. In their center was 
Azusa. 

	The mass of soldiers leading Tenchi and his grandfather parted to allow 
the accused to stand before the Holy Council of Jurai. Tenchi immediately saw 
Ayeka and Shoytal standing handcuffed before the Council as well. The first 
thing he saw on both of them were Tree of Darkness collars. 

	When Ayeka saw them, the look on her face was a mixture of both happiness 
and dread. Her once fine robes were tattered and stained with grime. "Tenchi. 
Yosho. They have gotten you as well." 

	The defeated tone in her voice tore right at Tenchi's very soul. "They 
threatened to kill you and destroy the Earth unless we surrendered." He gave her 
a half smile. "We had to, Ayeka. I couldn't live with that on my conscience."

	Ayeka's dark pink eyes were filled with sudden worry. "Please, Tenchi, 
tell me. How is Daisar?"

	"I wouldn't know," he admitted. "Why? Was he able to escape?"

	The Empress's face became shadowed. Shoytal moved close to her and offered 
what comfort he could. "Apparently he and Gerin were unsuccessful in making it 
to Earth," he explained. 

	A gavel pounding drew all their attention to the Council itself. Azusa 
rose from his chair to address those gathered in the Hall. "Gathered Juraians, I 
welcome you to this hearing on the matter of treasonous actions against the 
Imperial throne..."

_____ 

	"Bull," growled Hiro. "Total and complete bull."

	The Masaki children, Gerin, Daisar, and Mihoshi were all gathered in front 
of the TV watching the trial. It was night and most of them were dressed for 
bed. Mayuka sat on the couch in a set of light purple pajamas with Achika in a 
cabbit covered night dress in her lap and Ryo-ohki perched on top of her head. 
Rei hovered above them in a yellow T-shirt covered in floral designs and a pair 
of gray sweat shorts. Hiro sat on the couch's arm in an orange tanktop and black 
pajama pants. Gerin had exchanged his armor for a pair of tan slacks, a white 
turtleneck, and a red vest. Daisar had also changed from his old clothes into 
black trousers and a deep blue collared shirt. Mihoshi had simply donned one of 
her old pink sweaters and tan slacks.

	"Quiet down, Hiro," snapped Rei. "We can't hear over your muttering."

	Azusa talked for some time more about the so called "treasonous" acts of 
the accused. Ayeka was charged with unlawful seizure of the throne with Shoytal 
aiding her. Tenchi and Yosho were charged with subversion and corruption of the 
Royal family with hostile intentions. There were also charges brought up against 
Sasami, but without her present the Council did not pursue them at the time.

	"How do the accused plea?" asked one of the Council members.

	Tenchi stepped forward as the spokesman for the group. "To the honored 
members of the Holy Council, we the accused offer up plea of innocence on all 
charges."

	The old Juraian nodded. "This Holy Council will now confer on how to 
continue with these proceedings." The ten Juraians began speaking among 
themselves.

	"This is all for show," spat Gerin. "Her Majesty and the others were all 
convicted before the trial even started." 

	Hiro watched the screen quietly. It was taking all his self control not to 
blast the TV. The Council soon ceased speaking. "After careful deliberation, the 
Holy Council of Jurai sees no reason to hold further hearings on this matter. 
Tenchi Masaki, Ayeka Jurai, Shoytal Jurai, and Yosho Jurai, you are all found 
guilty of treason against the Imperial throne." The crowd burst into noisy 
chatter all around the hall. "Further more, you are all stripped of your noble 
titles and ownings. This Council now turns to our rightful ruler, Emperor Azusa 
Jurai, for final judgment over these criminals."

	Those gathered in the Hall became hushed as the Emperor rose to his feet. 
"It pains me to see this turn of events. To think that a beloved daughter and 
trusted son would turn on their father and their Empire. I wish that this could 
end in another way. Unfortunately, a precedent must be set to show that nobody 
is above the law." He raised his right hand and pointed to the now convicted 
group. "Each of you is sentenced to life imprisonment while awaiting execution."

_____
	
The crowd cheered and began shouting jeers at them. Ayeka stepped forward with 
her face turned up at her father. "Father! Why are you doing this?"

	"I'm sorry, Ayeka." Through tear filled eyes, she could see pain etched on 
his face. "I truly am. I'm sorry, but you have left me no choice." He nodded to 
the guards behind them. "Take the traitors away."

	Ayeka felt her arms grabbed from behind. She pulled against them, but the 
former Empress was pulled away none-the-less. They dragged her down the halls 
kicking and screaming. At last she was tossed into a room with her husband and 
the others. Despite the fact that they were all still handcuffed, Shoytal lifted 
his arms and put them around her. Unable to hold it in any longer, Ayeka let the 
tears fall.

	"It's all right, my darling," he whispered in her ear. "It will be all 
right."

	"No it won't, Shoytal," she sobbed. "Our son is gone and everything we 
have fought for is lost." Her crying intensified.

	She vaguely heard someone else come near her. "Ayeka." It was Tenchi. "I'm 
sure Daisar made it to Earth fine. He probably arrived after our capture."

	Ayeka lifted her face to look at him. She was about to answer when the 
door to the room slid open. A chill ran down her spine as the madman Rashoch 
walked inside followed by a group of soldiers. He grabbed Tenchi by the back of 
his robe and flung him backwards. Tenchi hit the wall hard and slumped forward 
slightly. Next Rashoch forcibly pulled Shoytal away from her and threw him aside 
as well.

	"Take the men to their new cruise ship," he ordered. "I will be along 
shortly. Then take her former Majesty to her new home."

	Tenchi, Yosho, and Shoytal were led out of the room. None of them fought 
back, but simply allowed themselves to be ushered out. Ayeka was able to lock 
eyes with Shoytal once more before he was moved away. Their eyes were both able 
to convey the emotions their mouths could not speak. Soon she was the only one 
left in the room. Rashoch stood in the door way grinning at her. 

"Pleasant dreams, Ayeka." The door slid closed, but Ayeka could still hear his 
mad laughter long after he was gone.

To be continued...


Notes- 

Just incase anyone was wondering about Noboyuki's presence during all this. I 
checked this in the Encyclopedia. Once all the girls moved into the house (OAV 
timeline) he rented an apartment in the city. He spends most of his time there 
so that he can get to work more easily. I know he is much older by this point, 
but I still see him as working. 

All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com

	
