Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from the 
Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC and 
Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred during 
and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Choosing Directions"


	"Today is the day," Shoytal said from his bed in the cell.

	Yosho looked up from the paper he was reading. He looked over at the wall to 
check the scratches that indicated time passed while on Druz. "Hmm, it is indeed," 
he replied.

	"How do you think he will be?" asked the Juraian lord. 

	"Dirty," was all Yosho said out loud. Mentally, however, he knew that Tenchi 
was going to be a very different man. He had been alone for several weeks now. All 
alone with his thoughts about the fate of their family.

	A humanoid member of the smuggler's ring who was standing guard outside the 
cell poked his head inside. "He's coming," he alerted the pair of Juraians.

	Shoytal rose from his seat, and Yosho got up from the chair he was using. 
Moments later a ragged looking Tenchi walked past the two guards and into the cell. 
Two weeks worth of dark beard were evident on his face. His hair was greasy and 
matted to his face and neck. Even through all that, and the smell, Yosho could not 
look away from his grandson's eyes. Those once soft and caring brown eyes were 
gone. Where compassion for others had once rested, now only cold uncaring eyes 
remained. There was no desire for life left behind them. 

	"Lord Tenchi," Shoytal started to say.

	"What are the movements of the Angel's?" he asked, ignoring Shoytal's 
greeting.

	Yosho waited a moment before answering. Tenchi just stared at him, waiting 
for an answer. "Since the death of Raff, they have been in a chaotic state. Just a 
couple of days ago, though, someone new has taken control of the group. It is 
fairly obvious that he, also, is a lackey of Sso'Traknal just as Raff was."

	Tenchi walked past them and sat down in the cell's only chair. "Have they 
made any moves against us since the new take over?"

	"Some of the smuggler's say that they are planning to try and come after you 
today for killing Raff," Shoytal told him. 

	"Then we hit them first," stated Tenchi without pause. He rose and headed out 
of the cell. "Once I've cleaned up we'll move." He looked over at the guards. "Find 
out where a good portion of the Angels are right now. Then get together as many of 
our allies as you can for an attack." He stopped just outside the cell and looked 
back at Yosho. "If we can't leave this place, we might as well bring it down from 
the inside." That said, he turned and headed for the showers.

	Shoytal turned to Yosho with an astonished look on his face. "I cannot 
believe what I just heard. Lord Tenchi calling for the deaths of other men without 
even blinking."

	"But he just did," said Yosho darkly. "With the loss of Ryoko and the 
children, Tenchi no longer has any desire to live. His only thoughts are of 
revenge, and if the actions he takes for this revenge lead to death, then he will 
gladly welcome them."

_____ 

	It was a half an hour later when Tenchi returned to the cell. His grandfather 
was the only one there, sitting in the chair. Tenchi entered without any form 
greeting. He immediately went about changing from his soiled clothing to a set of 
clean gray garments that were on his bed. Having been allowed to shave and clean 
himself in the showers, Tenchi almost looked as he once had, if not for the gaping 
hole in his soul. 

	Once dressed he took a quick glance around the cell. "Where's Shoytal?"

	"Gathering the men as you asked," replied his grandfather. "They will be 
awaiting your arrival on the common grounds."

	"Good," was all Tenchi said.

	"Tenchi." The former prince looked up at his grandfather. "Don't go down this 
path. Yes, your loss has been great, but turning to vengeance and death is not the 
answer. There are other ways to deal with your grief."

	"No, there is not," he said quietly. "I've had a while to think about this, 
Grandpa. I've been too giving, too compassionate. It's because of this that my 
family is...dead." He shut his eyes and moved to leave. "My enemies will no longer 
receive any form of mercy from me. Good old Tenchi is gone, and now all that is 
left is me." He walked out of the cell without another word.

_____ 

	Yosho frowned at his departing grandson. "I will pray for your soul, Tenchi. 
Pray that you somehow find your way back from the dark road you are now traveling."

_____ 

	Tenchi caught his foe's punch, twisted the arm a hundred eighty degrees, and 
threw the man over his shoulder. The purple skinned humanoid landed on the ground 
with a loud grunt. Tenchi released the arm and slowly paced around the man.

	"Please," he begged. "Have mercy."

	"You've got the wrong guy," the former prince said. Tenchi silenced him for 
good with a swift kick to the neck. 

	He lifted his eyes and looked around the common grounds to take in the fight 
going on around him. The smugglers had succeeded in catching the Angels off guard. 
Numerous Angels were scattered all over the place either unconscious or dead. 
Tenchi's head snapped around at the sound of an alarm from the right. He quickly 
lifted his fingers to his mouth and blew out a loud whistle. All the members of the 
smuggler ring stopped and looked to him.

	"We're done," he shouted. "Move out." All beatings instantly stopped, and 
everyone ran for the nearest exits. Tenchi was the last the make a run for it. 

	Seconds later several armed guards entered the grounds with their guns 
trained on him. Tenchi skidded to a halt and raised his hands. One of the guards 
walked up to him and pointed the barrel of his gun right under Tenchi's nose. 

	"The warden wants to see you, Masaki." He lowered the barrel and poked Tenchi 
in the chest. "Move."

	Tenchi complied and allowed the guard and two others to lead him off the 
common grounds. There was complete silence as they walked through the halls of the 
prison to the warden's office. After taking a turbo lift up two levels, Tenchi was 
finally brought through the control center of the prison before the door to the 
office. One of the guards knocked on the door. It slid open, and Tenchi was pushed 
inside.

	The office itself was not what Tenchi had expected. Not very large, the four 
walled room was dimly lit by several floating globes. The walls to the left and 
right were lined with assortments of weapons from all over the galaxy. The far wall 
held what looked to be a shrine of some kind with a statue of a reptilian creature 
lording over it. Standing before the shrine, with his back to Tenchi, was the 
warden, Sso'Traknal.

	"Tell me something, Masaki?" he asked in his rumbling baritone. "Are you a 
religious man?" 

	"I've come close enough to divinity to realize people make their own fates, 
not gods," he answered.

	The reptilian alien moved his head slowly to gaze at him. "Perhaps in this 
galaxy." He turned completely around and folded his claws behind his back. "Do you 
know about my race, Masaki?"

	Tenchi placed his hands in his pockets. "I've been informed."

	Traknal nodded. "Then you know that I am not of this galaxy. I am Ssl'na. 
Roughly translated into the common tongue of this place, it means Warriors of the 
Divine." He raised his right claw to the statue. "We, the Ssl'na, are also the 
children of a god like you Juraians."

	"I'm not Juraian," Tenchi said coldly.

	"No, only part," the Ssl'na added with a small chuckle. "But then again, you 
are much more, Knight of Tsunami."

	Tenchi raised an eyebrow. "You know much about me, warden."

	"I was well briefed on you and your cell mates." The lizard folded his arms 
and looked Tenchi over for a second. "You are currently denied your amazing powers, 
yet you still fight. You interest me, Masaki. You interest me just enough not to 
kill you for all the trouble you've just started here."

	"But you can't kill me anyways," replied Tenchi. "The Emperor wants me alive 
for the time being."

	Traknal bared his teeth for a moment. "So he does. Therefore, I am going to 
make you an offer that would better both our lives for as long as you are permitted 
to live." He took two steps and placed his snout up to Tenchi's nose. "Work for me 
within the prison. You have already crushed the Angels. You and your little 
smuggler's ring have the monopoly on power with the inmates, now."

	"And you've lost your internal security force," Tenchi finished for him. 
"What makes you think that I'll help you?"

	"Because you are a smart man," hissed the alien as he pulled his head back. 
"You know what it takes to survive. You are correct in that the Angels kept the 
inmates in line where the guards could not. And it would be such a shame if I had 
to give the guards more license to be 'persuasive' with the inmates since the 
Angels cannot anymore."

	For the first time Tenchi smiled. "Then it looks like you'll just have to do 
that. I'm nobody's henchman. Besides, I'm out to ruin this place not keep it 
running."

	With blinding speed Traknal grabbed Tenchi by the front of his gray shirt and 
lifted him up. The Ssl'na growled threateningly at him. "One day, Masaki, I will 
snap your neck and then sacrifice your soul to Ssl'Drav Goritra!"

	No emotion what so ever played across Tenchi's face. "Good. Then maybe I can 
kill him just like I did Tokimi. If you are one of his children, then I'm sure he 
needs killing."

	Traknal roared and threw him to the ground. The door to the office slid open 
and three guards entered quickly. "Get this human out of my sight!" shouted the 
alien reptile. Two of the guards grabbed Tenchi by the arms and pulled him out into 
the hall and literally all the way back to his cell.

_____ 

	 "Teal Blade, this is Yagami. Preparing to exit at designated coordinates."

	"We read you, Yagami," came Mastir's voice over the COM unite. "Reentering 
real space in three, two, one."

	Kiyone expertly pulled back on two levers, and the Yagami slipped out of 
hyperspace right next to the Teal Blade. "Broadcasting signature code, now," she 
said over the COM.

	"Copy. Doing the same," was the reply. 

	The teal haired woman quickly keyed in a series of numbers on a number pad. 
If the code worked, the two ships would be receiving some sort of confirmation from 
the Juraian Loyalists. Kiyone looked over at Conner who was sitting in the 
copilot's chair. She couldn't help but smile warmly at him.

	"How're you doing?" she asked.

	The boy was busily typing away at the computer console. "Fine," he answered 
without looking up. "I've got the ship scanning all frequencies for any kind of 
response. That way we won't miss the Juraians."

	Succumbing to her motherly urges, Kiyone reached out and ruffled the top of 
his teal hair. "My little computer genius."

	Conner blushed slightly and tried to push her hand away without breaking 
typing stride. "I thought I was a hacker? " The COM started flashing green. "It's 
dad."

	"Yagami, this is Teal Blade. Response from the Juraians received. Recommend 
full stop and be ready."

	"Ready for what?" wondered Conner out loud.

	Right on cue the space before the two ships rippled. The rippling effect 
slowly subsided until several thousand Juraian battleships filled the area. A 
behemoth of a first generation ship broke away from the fleet and was heading in 
their direction.

	The COM signaled a new incoming message. "Yagami and Teal Blade, this is the 
Royal Pride. Welcome to the Loyalist Fleet."

_____ 

	Mayuka was the last one to disembark the Teal Blade. Everyone else was 
already gathered in the space between the Juraian cruiser and the Yagami. There was 
also a small retinue of Juraian knights heading towards them from the main area of 
the Royal Pride's hanger bay. The young woman merged with the rest of her group 
just as the Juraians marched up with the venerable Admiral Judroa at their lead.

	The square face Juraian, in his all white uniform, smiled broadly as he came 
to a stop before them. Both Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Mastir came to attention and gave 
the old Juraian stiff salutes. He straightened himself and returned the salutes 
with practiced ease. When the exchange was finished, Judroa turned his attention to 
Mayuka and bowed slightly.

	"Princess Mayuka," he greeted. 

	"Oh yeah!" chirped Mihoshi. "I forgot that Mayuka is a Juraian princess."

	Mayuka was blushing furiously at this point. "Well, I wouldn't exactly call 
me a full time one."

	Judroa raised himself back up and smiled broadly. "Nonetheless, my lady, you 
are a Third Crown Princess of Jurai behind your mother and Princess Sasami, as are 
your sisters Fourth and Fifth behind you." He clapped his white gloved hands. "Now 
then let us get down to business, for we have little in the way of time." 

	The group was immediately lead to the war room deep inside the battleship. 
Right before they entered, Kiyone had a pair of knights take Conner to their rooms 
to wait until after the meeting was over. The eight year old protested loudly, but 
after a lengthy scowl from his mother he relented and left. The war room was oval 
shaped with a same shaped table filling the center. Yellow glow lamps hovered above 
the table shedding light all through out the room. A series of view screens opened 
up around the table as everyone took a seat. Judroa seated himself at the head of 
the table and pulled out a data pad.

	"I'm sure that you all know the current state of affairs," he said simply. 
"Right now we have roughly ten thousand ships here, but that is only roughly half 
of what the Emperor commands. We have tried to reach the People of the Gem for 
aide, but they seem to have disappeared off the face of the galaxy. We ourselves 
have come up with several plans of attacking Jurai, but they all have one flaw."

	"You do not know where Her Majesty is being held," finished Mastir.

	The Admiral nodded at him. "Correct. As long as Her Majesty is imprisoned we 
cannot attack without endangering her safety."

	"Well, sir, we can help you on that one," Kiyone told him. The captain took a 
few moments to fill the Admiral in on the several plans that had been enacted by 
the Masaki family. "Once Ryo-ohki had faked the explosion," she went on to say, 
"Gerin infiltrated the fleet with his shuttle. Since then he has been in 
intermittent contact with us."

	"And on his last transmission he gave us some important news," continued 
Mastir. "The Empress is being held in the Imperial Palace."

	"Hmmm," said Judroa through a closed mouth. "Have you located the men as 
well?"

	"Mom told me they were at some place called Druz," Mayuka told him quickly. 

	Judroa's eyes became shadowed. "So, Druz is still in operation." He frowned 
and shook his head. "I thought that Ayeka would have shut that place down."

	"I don't think Ayeka knew about it, Admiral," suggested Kiyone. "I think we 
all know that she would never have allowed such a place to exist."

	"You may be right, captain," he admitted. "Druz has become something of a 
criminal's myth over the years. There are very few of us who actually know of its 
existence. I only do because I've been around for so long." The old Juraian took a 
deep breath and looked around the table. "So this is why you have come here."

	Mastir smiled. "Yes, sir. We knew that if we brought you the location of her 
Majesty that we could actually do something about it. We want to rescue the Empress 
immediately. Once we have her, then Lady Ryoko will find and break Lords Tenchi, 
Shoytal, and Yosho out of Druz."

	Judroa kept his face emotionless for a few moments. Mayuka was suddenly 
afraid that he was going to tell them to leave. Then he suddenly burst into 
laughter. "Damn, you young people sure come up with the craziest of ideas. So I 
assume you four want to go to Jurai and rescue the Empress."

	"Wow!" cried Mihoshi. "You must be psychic, Admiral. That's exactly what we 
want to do."

	Kiyone slapped her forehead and started mumbling, but the Admiral ignored it 
and started speaking. "Well then, let's put together a plan. We will keep the 
strike team small." The Admiral started typing on his data pad. "I have the perfect 
idea for this operation. Half the fleet will draw as much of the Emperor's forces 
away from the planet as possible by making attack runs on several key sectors. The 
remaining portions of the fleet will then make a direct attack on Jurai itself."

	"Now, the strike team will man a small cruiser and use that to meld with the 
enemy fleet. Using a combination of codes the ship should be able to blend in 
seamlessly. Unfortunately, our forces will be taking heavy losses in this battle. 
This fact will be unavoidable. Therefore, it is key for you, the strike team, to 
get into position as soon as possible. Once you are safely integrated with the 
enemy, we will make a strategic retreat. After the fleet as escaped the system, you 
will be on your own for getting the Empress out of the Palace. When you have her 
send a signal on a secure frequency, and the fleet will return to cover your escape 
from the planet. We should be able to catch them off guard, since they would not 
expect another attack so soon."

	View screens behind the Admiral's head visually detailed his plan as he 
spoke. Mayuka was in complete awe before the old Juraian's ability to come up with 
a plan so quickly. "Wow," she managed to whisper.

	"When do we leave?" asked Kiyone.

	"The fleet is on a constant yellow alert," stated Judroa. "I want to get on 
this as soon as possible, but we must take all safety precautions necessary. It 
will take at least a standard Juraian day to divide the fleet evenly and hand out 
all mission assignments. You all get some rest, and I'll have notices sent out when 
it's time for the final mission briefing. Dismissed." The Admiral rose, saluted, 
and left the war room in a hurry. Mayuka could hear him begin to bellow orders as 
soon as he was in the hall.

	"He certainly doesn't waste any time," commented Mihoshi. 

	"Well, he is the best," said Mastir. "Come on, everyone. Let's take his 
advice and get some rest. The next few days are going to be rough."

	Mayuka watched as the other three started to leave the room. Kiyone stopped 
and looked back at her. "You coming?"

	"In a minute," she replied. "I'm going to try and contact mom and let her 
know what's going on over here." She waved her right hand around. "This place looks 
as good as any to do it in."

	The teal haired captain nodded. "Okay. I'll see you later."

	"Yeah. Later, guys," Mayuka called back as the door slid shut.

	The eldest of the Masaki children reseated herself at the oval table, took a 
deep breath, closed her eyes, and stretched out with her mind.

_____ 

	The space around Jinwei III was in chaos. There was a constant wave of ships 
rocketing up from the planet's surface in an attempt to flee the system. Juraian 
battleships were firing randomly at all targets. It was obvious that they were 
unsure on what to do in this situation. Ukarit was thankful for that. The Loaded 
Dice broke through the planet's atmosphere with the sublight drives at maximum 
output.

	Ukarit whistled. "Damn, I haven't seen a mess like this since the War. Somar, 
plot a course a good distance away from this chaos."

	"No problem, boss," replied the pale man.

	Seconds later the ship was surrounded by star lines, and the Loaded Dice 
escaped into hyperspace. "I've got us going to a spot just outside the system."

	"Good," the gangster said. "Once there we'll figure out the next step."

	"Do you have an idea for a next step?" asked Somar. 

	The pink man shrugged. "No clue. I haven't really given much thought on what 
to do now that we have the coordinates. I'm sure once Ryoko snaps out of her trance 
she'll want to go in guns a blazing."

	"Bad idea," commented Somar. "We can't break them out until we know that 
Ayeka is safe. That's the whole reason they're imprisoned."

	"Right," agreed Ukarit. "Which means we'll have to infiltrate the place." He 
frowned and started scratching his chin. "Problem is that anything but a Juraian 
vessel will probably get blasted out of the sky."

	A small smile crept on to Somar's face. "You know what that means."

	Ukarit sighed with a nod. "We have to steal a Juraian ship." He reached out 
and tapped the COM unit. "Leah."

	"Yeah?" came the troubleshooter's voice over the intercom. 

	"How are you guys doing down there?" 

	There was a pause. "We've just put Ryoko in her room. Physically she seems 
fine. She's just not speaking right now. Hiro left Ryo-ohki with her."

	"All right," replied Ukarit. "Listen, Somar just came up with an idea on how 
to get into Druz. We'll be coming out of hyperspace in a couple of hours, so get 
some rest before then."

	"Copy that, boss," she returned.

	Ukarit leaned back in the pilot's chair and groaned. "So, the only question 
left is where's a good place to steal a Juraian ship?"

_____ 

	Hiro watched while Leah talked to Ukarit over her communicator. "Everything 
all right?" he asked when she was finished.

	"Fine," she answered with a nod. "We've got a couple of hours to rest before 
we put a plan of Somar's into action that should get us into Druz."

	"Well then, I think I'll take a nap," Hiro said as he stretched his arms 
back. Half way through the stretch he winced in pain.

	Leah took two quick steps towards him. "What's the matter?" she asked with 
genuine concern.

	The teen flashed her a half smile. "It's nothing. I'm just a little banged up 
from the fight with Zorin."

	"Nothing, huh?" Leah reached out and took a hold of his right arm. "Come on, 
you. Let's go to the infirmary and take a look at these injuries."

	"Leah!" Hiro started to protest. "I'm a fast healer. Really! I don't need to 
go to the infirmary."

	"Oh, stop your belly aching, you big baby," she snapped while pulling him 
down the hall. "It's not like you're getting a shot or anything," she added with a 
smirk.

	Seeing no way out of this, Hiro relented and allowed her to lead him to the 
ship's infirmary. A few minutes later the teen found himself sitting on a bio bed 
while Leah was running a scan of his body. 

	"Looks like you have a couple of bruised ribs and a sprain in your left 
wrist," she reported. "Odd thing is, they seem to be healing themselves just fine."

	Hiro smiled triumphantly. "See I told you."

	Leah walked away from the bio scanner holding a small metal box. She stopped 
right in front of him, placed the box down on the bed, and opened it. Inside were 
antiseptics and medical bandages. "You may be a quick healer, but it's still not 
wise to walk around with open wounds," she said with a gesture to the scratches a 
small gashes on his face.

	Hiro swallowed as she opened a tube of antiseptic gel. "Well...uh these'll be 
gone by tomorrow...morning," he tried to say.

	"Uh huh," she said while carefully applying the gel to the largest of the 
gashes on his left cheek. Hiro winced only slightly from the contact. "You know, I 
never said thank you."

	"For what?"

	She stopped applying the gel and looked him in the eyes. "For saving me down 
there in the club. I'm...not used to being in a situation that's over my head. 
So...thanks." Hiro froze as she leaned forward and kissed him softly on the lips.

	The kiss was over as suddenly as it had happened. Leah stepped back, closed 
the tube and replaced it in the box. "There, that should keep you in one piece. See 
you in a few hours." The troubleshooter dropped his black cap in his lap then 
turned and walked out of the infirmary.

	"Bye," Hiro said three minutes later.

_____ 

	Ryo-ohki purred softly as Ryoko stroked her back. The pirate stared quietly 
out the window of her room at the hyperspace tunnel. She tried to clear her mind 
for the events to come, but one thought kept pushing its way to the front.

	Her...brother.

	Yes, she had accepted that fact. Rashoch was her brother, the child that had 
been taken from Washu over five thousand years ago. What bothered Ryoko the most, 
though, were his actions. Yet another of Washu's children was an instrument of 
destruction. The problem was it seemed that Rashoch was not being controlled by 
anyone. It was quite obvious that his actions were his own. 

	"He seems to enjoy killing," Ryoko whispered. 

	Ryo-ohki opened her eyes and looked up. "Meow?"

	"Why am I so upset?" She looked down at the little creature and smiled. "I'm 
not really sure. I think it's a combination of several things. I hate him for what 
he has done to break up my family, but I also pity him. He was a Champion of 
Tokimi. By all rights it should have been him that Tenchi and I faced in Tokimi's 
Temple. He has been placed in a position where he cannot have any friends or 
family. Rashoch is destined to be alone, and I pity him for that. But there may be 
that slim chance that there's some shred of humanity left within him."

	"Meow meow."

	Ryoko laughed lightly. "Yeah, I know. I'm getting too soft."

	*Mom?*

	Ryoko jumped slightly. *Mayuka!*

	*Finally! I've been trying to reach you forever. Is everything all right?*

	*Yes and no, sweetie. The good news is that we've found your father and the 
others.*

	*Wow! That's great, mom! This means that we can go ahead with the rescue 
mission.*

	Ryoko raised an eyebrow. *Rescue mission? What are you up to, Mayuka?*


To be continued...

Notes- Not a very exciting chapter, but it keeps the story moving. All comments 
please go to Roas1@hotmail.com.
