Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Significant Lines Crossed"


	"Mayuka..."

	"Who's there?" she cried out into the darkness.

	"Mayuka..."

	She raised Tenchi-ken and ignited its blue blade. "Show yourself!"

	"Embrace it, Mayuka..."

	Mayuka started to swing her weapon wildly. "Stop it! Leave me alone!"

	"Ha ha ha ha ha! You cannot escape what you are, child!"

	That was when she felt the spark. Power rushed through Mayuka's body 
forcing her to throw her head back and scream with rage.

_____ 

	Mayuka shot up in her bunk covered in a sheen of cold sweat. The eldest of 
the Masaki children held back the scream building in her throat and took several 
deep breaths instead. A quick glance around confirmed that she was still in her 
room on Yukinojo. Once her breathing was even again, she pushed the sheets aside 
and climbed out. Her bare feet made light tapping sounds as she crossed the room 
to its small bathroom, where she proceeded to take a shower.

	The entire time her dream continued to replay in her mind. This was the 
third night in a row that it had occurred. Mayuka leaned her dripping head 
against the shower wall and frowned. "What the hell does it mean?"

	With her family, dreams always meant something and were not things to be 
taken lightly or dismissed. So the main question on her mind was what kind of 
dream was it? A warning or a message? Finding none of her answers under the 
running water, Mayuka quickly finished bathing and dressed. She felt the ship 
come out of hyperspace just as she put on a black jacket over her blue jeans, 
white turtleneck, and dark red vest. Tenchi-ken was also tucked into her belt as 
she left the room.

	Mayuka ran to the bridge as fast as she could and arrived just as the 
Galaxy Police main headquarters appeared on a view screen. Mihoshi, in full 
uniform with the hat and everything, spun around in her chair all smiles. "Oh, 
hi, Mayuka. I was just about to call you."

	"Thanks, Mihoshi," she said while dropping into the navigator's chair. 
"Now, remember what mom said. We can't give Yukinojo's real ID to them. We need 
to keep up the ruse of our deaths as long as possible. So, just use Rei's false 
ID program."

	Mihoshi brushed off Mayuka's comments with a wave of her hand. "Don't 
worry about it. I'm pretty sure that I remembered to do that when they asked for 
identification." 

	Just then the COM unit flashed with an incoming signal. Yukinojo's head 
lowered itself to Mihoshi's eye level. "Incoming message from the HQ, Mihoshi."

	"What is it?" she asked while turning to the robotic head. 

	The speakers crackled and a male voice could. "Yukinojo, this is docking 
command. You are ordered to dock at gate B-45, over."

	Mihoshi cringed at the message coming over the COM. A grimacing Mayuka was 
there to meet her when she turned around. "Oops, sorry."

_____ 

	Kiyone stood before the Galaxy Police High Command awaiting their decision 
on her proposal. The room was an oval shape with a slightly raised, white, 
rounded crescent table at the end of it. The Galaxy Police insignia shone 
brightly in the center of the table. Behind the table sat the eight members of 
the High Command. Below and in front of them was Kiyone. The rest of the gray 
walled room was empty with only the door visible behind her.  

Blue eyes front and face a mask of professionalism, Kiyone was the model of the 
perfect GP officer. Her gray and blue dress uniform was spotless and arranged 
perfectly on her self with her rank badge and citation medals shining under the 
lights, forcing anyone who looked at the captain to see just how good at her job 
she was. There was the Galactic Silver Star for her actions during the Goddess 
War, the Juraian Medal of Honor for all her actions in defending the Royal 
Family, the Platinum Star Cluster Medal for her actions in bringing to justice 
the Nebulous Pirating Ring, a Galactic Medal of Valor for saving the hostages 
from the terrorist attack on Iretia Prime, and at least three more medals for 
various other acts of heroism while in the line of duty. 

	The current grand marshal, a bald headed humanoid wearing dark glasses, 
was the first to speak. "Captain Segrey. After a careful weighing of all the 
facts at hand, this council has come to a regretful decision. Unfortunately, we 
cannot allow ourselves to take sides in this conflict. The Galaxy Police have no 
place in the middle of a Juraian civil war."

	"But, sir!" said Kiyone quickly. "The Juraian Empress has always put her 
support behind the Galaxy Police in all important galactic affairs for the past 
twenty years. It is only right that we support her forces in her time of need. 
And this is all besides the fact that the other side has already attacked one of 
our starbases!"

	The marshal raised his left hand. "I understand your feelings on this 
matter, captain. With your family and your past connections to the Empress and 
hers, we see where you would be biased in this matter. As to the attack on our 
starbase, Emperor Azusa has already apologized for that and offered reparations. 
The bare facts of that case were that you were harboring a fugitive. Under 
galactic law, unless Subject A has been offered and accepted sanctuary, they are 
still subject to their home government's law. The Princess Sasami was, and still 
is, a fugitive of the current Juraian government." 

	Kiyone just stood there in awe of what she was hearing. Her friends and 
family were in danger, and the Galaxy Police were going to sit on the sidelines. 
They were going to ignore the injustices going on within the Juraian Empire and 
simply restore communications when the war was over. She couldn't believe this 
was happening.

	"Do you have anything else to say, captain?" asked the grand marshal.

	Keeping her face even, Kiyone took in a small breath before answering. 
"No, sir. I understand your orders."

	"Very good, captain. Dismissed." The members of the High Command saluted 
her and rose to leave.

	Kiyone returned a stiff salute and left the chamber as well. Mastir and 
Conner were waiting for her outside. Her husband frowned at the grimace on her 
face. "Didn't go well, huh?" She answered him by shaking her head. 

	"And from what I can tell, you probably fall under the category of 
fugitive if Azusa comes looking for you." She stepped close and placed a hand on 
Conner's head. "I don't think it's safe here for us anymore."

	The three of them started walking down the hall when a cadet came running 
up to Kiyone. He gave her a quick salute and handed her a data pad. "Message for 
you, Ma'am. You left a standing order to be notified if any of the following 
ships with these names came within sensor range. One just did."

	Kiyone looked down at the data pad to see the name Yukinojo flashing. "I 
knew it!" she cried. She quickly grabbed the cadet by the front of his jacket. 
"You never saw this data pad and tell the sensor chief that he never logged it 
either. Tell him that he just paid up, understand?" 

	The cadet nodded frantically. "Y...yes, Ma'am!" he stammered. 	
	
	"Good," she said. The teal haired GP typed something on the pad. "Give 
this to the sensor chief when you see him." The cadet took the pad and with a 
hurried salute ran off back the way he had come.

	"You certainly do have a way with people, darling," said Mastir with a 
grin. "So what was on that pad?"

	Kiyone mirrored his grin. "Exactly what we've been waiting for. Come on, 
we need to get our docking bay."

	The Segrey family walked quickly, but not too quickly, to the private 
docking bay that held the Yagami and Mastir's personal tree ship the Teal Blade. 
The three of them arrived just in time to see the familiar image of the Yukinojo 
settling down next to the Yagami. The hanger's magnetic locks stationed the 
cruiser with a low hum. Kiyone and her family were waiting on the hanger floor 
as Yukinojo's side hatch opened. The past being what it was, Kiyone should have 
been expecting what happened next, but it succeeded in surprising her 
nonetheless.

	"Kkkkiiiiiyyyyyooooonnnnneeeeee!!!!!!!"

	A blond blur swooped down the ramp and locked its arms around her neck. 
"Hi...Mihoshi!" Kiyone managed to wheeze out from beneath her old partner's bear 
hug. "Glad to see...you're...alive."

	It took another moment, but the teal haired GP was finally able to pry her 
friend from around her neck. "Oh, Kiyone! I'm so glad to see you! Everything's 
been so confusing ever since Tenchi was taken. First Gerin crashed into my ship, 
then Washu went into a coma, then Ryoko went catatonic for three weeks, and..."

	"All hell's broken loose," finished a second person from the ramp.

	Kiyone looked past Mihoshi to see Mayuka walking down to the hanger floor. 
The young woman slowly descended the ramp and walked over to them. Kiyone 
reached out and laid a hand on her shoulder. "I'm sorry about everything, 
Mayuka, but I'm glad to see that you're alive. How did you survive Ryo-ohki's 
explosion?"

	Mayuka gave her a half smile. "It's kind of a long story. Can we go 
someplace that isn't a space ship, though?"

	"Of course," said Mastir. "We'll all go to our rooms. We must be careful 
to avoid too much attention, however. I assume you didn't fake your deaths so 
that you could be spotted at the first possible moment."

	It took a little while, but the group finally made it without incident to 
the Segrey family's quarters. Conner immediately disappeared into his room, 
while everyone else took seats around the dining table. "All right," started 
Kiyone. "Fill us in."

	For the next two hours Mayuka and Mihoshi retold the events of the past 
month. Kiyone paled when Mayuka described the attack on the Masaki home. "More 
Light Hawk Wing bearers?"

	"Uh huh," replied Mayuka with a nod. "Four of them, and mom thinks that 
Azusa can use them, too."

	"This is not possible," Mastir said quietly. "Lord Azusa was a powerful 
Juraian, but he could never summon the power of Light Hawk Wings like your 
parents." He began tapping the tip of his chin. "This is very disturbing."

	"Continue, Mayuka," prompted Kiyone.

	"Well, after they took dad and Grandpa Katsuhito away, mom went catatonic 
for three weeks. We couldn't get her out of her room, and only Ryo-ohki could 
get inside. She didn't even budge when the trial was on TV. So with mom out and 
Grandma in coma everyone started looking to me for answers." She sighed and 
leaned back into her chair. "Almost everyone. Hiro wouldn't listen to me at all. 
He spent every day, all day, training with Gerin and Daisar."

	"So his Highness is safe?" interrupted Mastir."

	She nodded. "As far as I know. He's off with Rei now on the way to the 
People of the Gem to try and help Grandma." The Juraian lord sighed with relief 
and seemed to relax a bit. Kiyone reached out and gently rubbed his leg under 
the table.

	"Anyway," continued Mayuka, "things became quiet, except for all the noise 
Hiro would make while training. Finally, though, things grew to a head and we 
were all about to come to blows." A small smile appeared on her face. "Then mom 
woke up and had a plan. No one argued with it since she had been working on it 
for several weeks."

	"What was it?" asked Kiyone, rapt with attention.

	Mayuka raised herself up and leaned forward. "There were a couple thousand 
Juraian battleships holding position just outside of Earth's orbit. First, 
everyone except for mom and Ryo-ohki teleported to the storage house on the moon 
and boarded Yukinojo. Then mom and Ryo-ohki threw themselves at the Juraian 
fleet."

	"Why didn't Lady Ryoko simply use her Light Hawk Wings?" asked Mastir. "Or 
use the cabbit fleet asleep in the lake?"

	"We had suggested using the cabbits, but she vetoed that saying that we 
would lose more than gain by doing that," replied Mayuka. "As for her Light Hawk 
Wings, I don't know. Either way, she and Ryo-ohki took out a bunch of them 
before allowing themselves to take a hit."

	"Mom used her power to amplify the explosion, while Hiro used his Light 
Hawk Wings to create a portal for them to fly through. Once Ryo-ohki was through 
the portal, Rei threw some fake Ryo-ohki parts covered in our DNA through the 
portal for the Juraians to find. Then we all just waited until they left before 
going our separate ways. I already said that Rei, Daisar, and Achika took 
Grandma, mom and Hiro went off to try and find out where dad is being held, 
Gerin infiltrated the fleet to try and find Aunt Ayeka, and we came here to find 
you guys and Sasami."

	"Where is Sasami?" asked Mihoshi. 

	Kiyone and Mastir looked at each other before responding. "The short of it 
is this," Kiyone said finally. "We were attacked, Sasami got hurt, I attached 
one of my best men as her bodyguard, and then sent them away to hide. By now 
they are hiding out somewhere in space until we can put an end to all of this."

	"Well, at least we don't have to worry about her," said Mayuka. "So, the 
Galaxy Police aren't going to help us at all?"

	Kiyone nodded. "Their holding to a none interference policy." She frowned 
at Mayuka and raised her hands. "My hands are tied on this one. I'm sorry."

	"Don't worry about it, Kiyone," Mayuka told her. "Besides, we don't have 
anything to move on right now. Mom just told us to find out what happened to you 
guys. She didn't leave any other instructions."

	No sooner had those words left her mouth, then did Mihoshi start to beep. 
The blond GP jumped suddenly and looked around wildly. "I'm beeping! Why am I 
beeping?"

	"It's your control cube, Mihoshi," groaned Kiyone through the hands over 
her face.

	The ditz stopped jumping up and down and turned the puffball on her hip 
into the pink cube. "Oh yeah. I forgot I had it set to receive messages from 
Gerin." She turned its sides a few times until a small screen appeared above it. 

	"What does it say, Mihoshi?" asked Mastir. "Is Gerin all right?"

	"Oh, my," she breathed. "He says that he's been able to infiltrate the 
Imperial Palace on Jurai. He doesn't say much else except that he knows where 
Ayeka is being held." She looked away from the screen at the rest of them. 
"She's in the Palace itself."

_____ 

	"Mastir, will you just listen to me for a second," said Kiyone with 
frustration clear in her voice. "You can't just run off like this. We need to 
think of a better plan. Since we have this new information, maybe I can get the 
Council..."

	"To do what, Kiyone? Sit on their hands some more?" he snapped. He stopped 
in front of the dining table and placed a metallic suitcase down. "I have to act 
now. The longer I wait, the more danger the Empress is in." He opened the 
suitcase and started placing equipment inside.

	Kiyone quieted for a moment and watched as her husband packed. Immediately 
after receiving Gerin's message, Mayuka had suggested they make a move to rescue 
Ayeka. She explained that if Ayeka was safe, and if Ryoko actually succeeded in 
finding Tenchi, then they could mount an offensive against Azusa without fear 
for hostages. Mihoshi had volunteered to go since she was presumed dead. Mastir 
placed himself on the rescue team soon after. 

	"Will you just think for a minute!" shouted Kiyone. She could feel the 
tears actually beginning to building in her eyes. "What are you going to do? 
Just run in there with swords blazing and bust Ayeka out?"

	He stopped his actions and leveled a serious gaze on her. "My sources tell 
me that Admiral Judroa is still loyal to her Majesty and has gathered all those 
who still follow her in a secret location. We'll go there and give the 
information to him. Then we will bust her out." The knight turned and walked 
towards the bedroom.

	His wife moved quickly to bar his path. "What about us, huh? What about 
me? What about Conner? I know you have your loyalty to Ayeka, but what about 
your family?" She reached out and grabbed his shoulders. "Where do we fit into 
all this?"

	A tear rolled down her cheek as he reached out and traced her face with 
his right hand. "Conner will stay here with you and be safe. After all, you 
can't disobey your orders. You're a Galaxy Police officer and a damned good 
one." He leaned forward and kissed her briefly. "I have to go." 

	Kiyone watched with a pale face as her husband strapped on his swords, 
walked back into the main room to get his suit case, and left to meet Mayuka and 
Mihoshi in the docking bay. She stood there for another minute while her 
emotions warred for dominance within. Slowly, she stepped back and walked into 
the bedroom until she was standing in front of the mirror over the dresser. 
Kiyone looked at her reflection carefully.

	Finally, she slowly removed her dress uniform piece by piece and hung it 
back in the closet. Next she dressed quickly in a pair of light blue slacks and 
a white sweater. The dresser draw flew open, and she pulled out her old orange 
headband followed by a blaster that she tucked into her pants under the sweater. 
Last she grabbed something else from within the draw and held it tightly within 
her right hand.

	"Conner," she called out next.

	"Yeah?" he answered from his room.

	"Pack a bag, quick," she told him. "We're going on a trip." 

	Kiyone placed the object down on the dresser top, turned, and walked out 
of the bedroom. Her Galaxy Police badge glinted in the light from where she had 
left it on the dresser.

_____ 

	Prince Daisar Jurai stood silently in front of the transparent dome of the 
gem ship watching the stars of the galaxy sparkle back at him. 

	"Prepare for hyperspace jump," said his cousin Rei from behind. "Five, 
four, three, two...jumping." The ship lurched slightly and the stars became 
lines. Seconds later the gem ship was speeding down the hyperspace tunnel.

	"I never get tired of seeing that," whispered Daisar to himself. He let 
out a small, satisfied sigh and turned back towards the center of the bridge.

	The bridge of the ship was laid out similarly to a cabbit battleship. 
There was the pilot's chair in the center of the room with control crystals 
floating all around it. Other items could appear on command anywhere else on the 
bridge and disappear as well. Rei, wearing a pair of blue jeans and a purple 
turtle neck, was seated in the pilot's chair with her little sister on her lap. 
In the rear of the bridge, lying on a bed with view screens monitoring her 
condition, was Washu. 

	Achika hopped off of Rei's lap and ran over to watch the hyperspace 
tunnel. Rei looked at her and then at Daisar. "Tell me something, Daisar. Why do 
you always go look out the window whenever we stop and go back into hyperspace?"

	Wearing white and red Juraian robes, Daisar shrugged as he folded his 
arms. "I cannot really explain it, cousin. You see, I have never really been off 
of Jurai. Mother has me constantly studying and practicing to be the future of 
the Empire. I simply never have the time to do anything else." He smiled and 
looked back at hyperspace. "I find it such a thrill to be traveling in space, 
that I don't want to miss a chance to see its splendor."

	Rei whistled. "So you mean to tell me that Aunt Ayeka keeps you locked up 
all day long?"

	Daisar looked back at her with a puzzled look on his face. "No, not at 
all. I've been all over Jurai, and many of my practice sessions with father are 
outside."

	"That's not what I mean," she replied. "I mean, don't you get any time to 
yourself? What do you and your friends do for fun?"

	"Well," he started to say. "I don't get to see many other children my age. 
And my studies take up most of my days."

	"You mean you don't have any friends?" asked little Achika. The child 
walked up to the prince's side and looked up at him. She blinked her green 
feline eyes at him.

	Daisar watched her for a moment. "I...guess not," he said finally. It 
suddenly dawned on him how limited his experiences with the outside world really 
were. "Strange," he continued quietly. "I never really thought about it like 
that. I always had mother and father around, and the Royal Guard was always 
there to keep me company. I guess they were my friends. I wonder if they are all 
right?"

	"Don't worry about it, Daisar," said Achika cheerfully. "Everything's 
gonna work out just fine. My Mommy's going to rescue our daddies, and Mr. Gerin 
will find out where your mommy is and rescue her, too. Once that's done they'll 
make everything all right again."

	Daisar smiled at her attempt to lighten the mood. Seeing that the topic 
needed to be changed, the prince walked over to her. "So, how much longer do you 
think it will take us to find the People of the Gem?"

	A shadow quickly passed over Rei's face before she flashed him a smirk. 
"If I translated the coordinates correctly, this should be the last jump. 
Achika, come sit in the big chair while I check on Grandma."

	"Okay," chirped the little girl happily. As soon as Rei was out of the 
seat, the youngest of the Masaki children flickered out of sight to reappear in 
the where her sister had just been sitting.

	Rei and Daisar left Achika, who was pretending to fly the ship through a 
battle, and walked over to Washu. Daisar watched patiently as Rei went through 
the same routine she had been doing for the past several days now. His cousin 
first checked all of her vital signs, followed by a series of internal scans. 
The entire time, Rei's face was stern with concentration. Daisar knew that with 
every one of these check ups, she was hoping to find some way to wake up her 
grandmother. But as all the other times, Rei came up blank for an explanation.

	Her holographic computer vanished, and she sighed. "Brain activity is 
normal, well, at least normal for Washu. All vital signs check out normal, too." 
She forced out a chuckle. "If I didn't know better, I'd say she's just 
sleeping."

	"Perhaps she is just sleeping," suggested Daisar. "She may just be in a 
restive state gathering strength. It was an old custom done by Juraian knights 
in the past."

	Rei's head turned towards him, and her following glare made the prince 
back up a few feet. Her brown feline eyes went thin. Daisar swallowed hard, 
remembering descriptions of Ryoko's temper from his mother's old stories. Part 
of him dearly hoped that daughter was not like mother in that respect. 

	"Mayuka saw Azusa attack her," she said in a low voice. "She's not just 
sleeping. He did something to her, and I *will* find out what it was." That 
said, she spun around and walked back to the center of the bridge.

	Daisar loosed a sigh of relief. *I think I need to rethink how I deal with 
people,* he thought. *It seems that there is a great deal of difference between 
talking philosophically and just talking. I really must work on my people 
skills.*

_____ 

	Steaming with anger and frustration, Rei stormed over to the pilot's 
chair. She kept telling herself not to be angry with Daisar. Her cousin just 
wasn't used to the outside world. Despite her younger desires to be free from 
Royal obligation, her Aunt had ended up sheltering her son too much. Daisar was 
a highly intelligent young man, showing keen abilities in the fields of 
political strategy and philosphy. But due to his sheltering, he lacked several 
key things. Among them people skills. There were times when he didn't realize 
that what he was saying was insulting to another person. Rei had already started 
trying to point this type of thing out to him over the past few days.

	She stopped next to Achika and looked down at the control crystals and 
noticed one blinking red. "Achika, why didn't you tell me that was blinking?" 

	Her sister looked up at her innocently. "You didn't tell me to tell you." 
She smiled with her little fangs resting on her lower lip.

	Rei huffed, grabbed the back of Achika's yellow kimono, and dropped the 
child on the floor before taking her seat. Achika got back on her feet and stuck 
her tongue out in defiance. Rei ignored her while toggling several crystals. The 
ship shuddered slightly as it came out of hyperspace. A view screen popped up 
with a large green planet in its center. 

	"Bingo," cheered Rei. She reached for the crystal equivalent to a COM 
system, but noticed it was already flashing. Curious, Rei touched it.

	A new view screen appeared bearing the face of an old man. His head was 
hairless except for his white beard, and he was staring out with a pair of 
shadowed, blood shot, feline green eyes.

	"My Lady!" he said frantically. "You must turn back immediately before it 
is too late!"

	Rei touched a second crystal so that she could give an outgoing image. 
"Lord Tristu? This is Rei Masaki."

	The old man's eyes focused on her for the first time. "Why, child? What 
are you doing in your grandmother's gem ship? You must leave here immediately."

	"What?" asked Rei in confusion. "What are you saying? I need your help, 
Lord Tristu. It's Grandma."

	His eyes went wide. "What is the matter with Lady Washu?" he asked 
hurriedly.

	"Well, it's a long story," Rei started to explain. "We were attacked by 
Azusa, and he hit her with an energy attack. She's been unconscious for four 
weeks now."

	Tristu sighed and wiped an aged hand across his face. "This is not good. 
She was perhaps the only one who could have saved us. Now, all may be lost."

	Rei was trying her best to take in everything that was suddenly going on. 
"I don't understand. What are you talking about?"

	Tristu sighed as he refocused on her. "You have already been in the system 
for too long anyway. You might as well land and see for yourself. I am sending 
coordinates to your ship. Let its autopilot take over from here on in." Rei 
nodded and switched over to the autopilot.

	The gem ship turned sharply and took a direct course for the planet's 
surface. It passed through the atmosphere without problem. As soon as they were 
through the clouds, the ship's small crew saw the capital city of the People of 
the Gem. Towers of shining silver interlaced with huge domed buildings played 
out over the land for miles around. The ship entered the city's airspace, and 
Rei found it odd that for such a large city there seemed to be no sign of 
activity what so ever. They landed on a small pad just shy of a large pillared 
temple.

	"Azaka! Kamidake!" she called out.

	The two guardians suddenly appeared to her left and right. "Yes, Miss 
Rei?" asked Azaka.

	"You two watch Achika," she ordered. "Don't let her out of your sights no 
matter what."

	"Yes, Ma'am," they chimed in unison while placing themselves around the 
child. Achika looked from side to side and made a face, clearly displeased with 
having both guardians babysitting her. 

Rei touched a series of crystals and everyone on the bridge was teleported 
outside. There was a small group there to meet them on the landing pad. Tristu, 
in his white robe, was in the center of a few silver armored, spiky haired 
soldiers. The old man slowly walked forward with a weak smile on his face.

	"Welcome to Gymora, friends," he greeted. "Unfortunately, if you have come 
seeking help there is none to be provided. For you see, the People of the Gem 
are dying."

_____ 

	"Where am I?"

	With a long drawn out groan, Washu slowly raised herself up into a sitting 
position. Ever so carefully, the genius stood and opened her eyes...to darkness. 
Well, not complete darkness. She could still see herself, and that was not the 
only surprise. Instead of the clothes she had last remembered wearing, she was 
now dressed in a long black dress with a high collared coat over it. 

	"How did I get in these clothes?" she asked out loud. "And what happened 
to the house?"

	"It's about time you woke up," echoed a voice all around her. "Things can 
get so boring in here when you are asleep."

	Washu turned her head from side to side in search of the voice's owner. 
"Who's there? Who are you?"

	"Now, shame on you, Washu," came the voice again, except now it was 
directly behind her. "Shame on you for not knowing the voice of your own 
sister."

	Eyes wide with disbelief, the former goddess spun around to see the last 
person she expected to ever see again. Standing not ten feet away, in all her 
divine glory, was...

"Tokimi!?" she gasped.

To be continued...

Notes: Oooooooooo! Plot twist! Take that! Ha ha! Let the surprises and weirdness 
continue. All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com 

	
	
	
