Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.

Here we go. It's time to start down my next multi-part Tenchi fic. I know I said 
I would do those really short fics about the kids, but I suddenly had a change 
of heart. I found that while I had the good ideas, I was trying too hard to make 
them funny. Therefore, I canned them so that I could start on this fella.

First- if you have not read anything of mine before this fic, then STOP RIGHT 
HERE! This is the multi-part sequel to my first fic Will of the Goddesses. Go 
back and read everything before this, then you can come back and read this.

So without further delay.........


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Prologue"


	*Azusa...*

	*Yes?*

	*Are you ready? The time has come.*

	*I am.*

	*You remember our arrangement?*

	*Of course. Now free me from this retched state!*

	The voice chuckled. *Just remember what the plan is, Emperor. Follow all 
of my commands, and you will have my power to seek the revenge you desire.*

	*It will be as we have discussed. Now do it!*

	*As you wish...*

_____ 

	All at once, Azusa felt his body come to life. The former Juraian Emperor 
inhaled a deep breath of air and exhaled slowly. How good that had felt! He 
opened his burgundy eyes and took in his surroundings. The purple haired Juraian 
was seated in a hover chair, in a simple red and white bathrobe, pointed out at 
the sea. A large red sun was just starting to set, giving the water a bloody 
color. 

	"How appropriate," he said quietly.

	The chair itself was located on the balcony of a five story mansion. Azusa 
could see a bedroom on the other side of the glass doors behind him. The wood 
beneath his feet creaked ever so slightly as he walked to the doors. The glass 
slid silently open for him as he entered the room. The bedroom was quite large 
running at least fifty feet from wall to wall. A four post bed sat in the center 
of the room with red and gold embroidered linens. Yellow carpet covered the 
floor with a black cushioned couch and table set facing the bed. The white walls 
were bare except for an old portrait of himself. 

	He stood in front of a blackened background wearing the attire of his old 
station: a loose, yet form fitting pair of dark blue pants with black boots, a 
dark red sash around his waist with a broad sword hanging from his left side, a 
dark blue vest over an off white shirt with the same color blue cuffs, and a 
dark tan robe billowing all the way down to his ankles.

	"If I am to retake my throne, I must look the part." Azusa opened himself 
up to his new power for the very first time. There was a flash around him, and 
he was now the mirror image of the portrait, minus the sword. 

	Azusa's robes fanned out as he spun around to leave. The door slid open to 
reveal a pair of Juraian guards talking with a maid. The two guards and the maid 
stopped in mid sentence when Azusa stepped into the hallway. All three simply 
stared at him in surprised awe.

	"Your names," demanded the former Emperor.

	"Zorin," said one guard.

	"Ashra," the next told him quickly.

	"Timerra," uttered the maid in a quiet voice.

	Azusa looked them over. "You three will do." He raised and pointed his 
right hand at them. 

	Three beams of brilliant white power outlined in black struck all three 
Juraians in the hall. They all screamed out in pain as the power seeped into 
their very beings to change them. When the transformations were complete, Azusa 
smiled at his handiwork. "Whom do you serve?" he asked.

	Each one bowed his or her head. "We serve only you, my Lord." Azusa's 
three new servants looked nothing like they had moments before.

	Zorin raised his baldhead to look back at him with deep orange eyes. His 
face was broad and clean shaven. The standard uniform he had been wearing had 
changed to a baggy brown pants with a black belt, and a simple black vest that 
showed off his muscular upper body. The large man stood well over six feet. 

	Ashra, standing around five foot seven, had short, spiky silver hair and a 
pair of blue eyes with sharp features. His thin, lithe body was garbed in loose, 
all white pants and a shirt, a pair of black straps crossed over his chest and 
wrapped around his waist, and pair of black gloves. He gave Azusa a thin smirk.

	Timerra was five foot six with long brown hair in a braid that fell to her 
knees. Her features were smooth and soft with sparkling green eyes. She wore a 
red and orange swirl patterned shirt with a high collar and tight sleeves. A 
pair of dark red pants clung to her lower body, and she had on a sleeveless gray 
trench coat on over it all. 

	Azusa looked to his left and concentrated for a brief second. Power heated 
the air, and a shadowy portal appeared. "Come. We have much to do." He turned 
and walked through the portal with his followers close behind.

	 
