Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Two of a Mind"


	Washu couldn't believe what she was seeing. "How is this possible? Tenchi 
killed you!"

	Tokimi smiled sweetly at her. "Now, now, dear sister. We are gods. Nothing 
is impossible for us." She spread her arms out.

	"How?" Washu asked in a now calmer tone. The initial shock had worn off, 
and the scientist had begun to collect herself.

	"One moment," replied Tokimi with a raised claw. "We are still waiting for 
the third member of our little family." 

	Right on cue there was a blue flash, and suddenly Tsunami was standing 
next to them dressed in her divine, Juraian robes. "What is happening?" she 
asked no one in particular. The tree goddess looked around for a moment and 
smiled happily when she saw Washu. "Washu!" she cried happily and rushed her 
with a hug.

	Washu embraced her back warmly. "Hi, Sasami. I'm glad that you're safe."

	Her younger sister moved back slightly and looked over at Tokimi. "I think 
it's better to be formal for now." She stepped back and eyed her other sibling. 
"Hello, Tokimi. I'd ask how you survived, but then again I'm still spiritually 
sore from our last encounter."

	"Oh, do not be so petulant, Tsunami," chided Tokimi. She sat down into a 
high backed chair that suddenly appeared. "I was only doing what I had to. This 
little dimension was, and still is, in chaos. I only wanted to bring order to it 
for eternity."

	"Order and slavery are the same thing in your vocabulary," returned the 
blue haired goddess. "You started a war, Tokimi, where millions died. Don't you 
regret any of it?"

	Tokimi folded her purple claws and smiled. "Stepping stones, my dear. As 
humans are so fond of saying, you cannot make an omelet without breaking a few 
eggs." She waved her right claw, dismissing the conversation. "Enough of this 
talk. All that is in the past. Now, sit. We all have so much to catch up on."

	Washu, who had been watching the exchange between her sisters in silence 
as she always had in the past, leaned back into a similar high backed chair like 
Tokimi's. "You're right. We can bicker about semantics another time." A smile 
now appeared on her face. "I, for one, would like to know how you survived, 
sister."

	"It is not really that interesting," admitted Tokimi. "As you have 
probably surmised, we are all currently gathered in your mind, sister. When 
Tsunami's boy...defeated me, my very being was scattered across the dimensions 
thanks to the existence of the vortex. Fortunately for me, I was able to retain 
a moment of consciousness and cross into this dimension as nothing more than the 
equivalent of a thought. When I arrived there were two options for sanctuary."

	She gestured to Tsunami. "She already had enough people in her head." The 
youngest of the goddesses grimaced openly. "That left your open mind, sister. 
And it has been here where I have resided for this itch in time."

	Washu was nodding. "So it was you who would occasionally carry on a 
conversation with me."

	"You always have such interesting thoughts," added the second oldest of 
the goddesses. "I must admit that your mind is not a boring place, Washu."

	"So, you know about Him, too," concluded the genius.

	Any humor Tokimi had been exhibiting vanished. "Yes. He has taken all of 
us by surprise. I find it amusing yet disturbing how we were all able to smite 
his existence from our memories."

	"Just hold on a second," interrupted Tsunami. She moved between her elder 
sisters looking back and forth between them. "Just what are you talking about?"

	"Still blocking the memory, aren't we," groaned Tokimi.

	"Let it go, Tokimi," snapped Washu. "The assimilation ended up forcing 
some of her memories deeper into her subconscious. Tsunami," Washu said gently. 
"Remember...Gabriel."

	Recognition filled the goddess's pink eyes all at once. "Yes, I see." A 
chair appeared behind her to sit in. "It seems we truly have a problem, 
sisters." She frowned and folded her arms. "I always knew we would pay for our 
mistake, eventually."

	"We did what we had to," said Tokimi with conviction. "I will always stand 
behind our actions."

	Washu folded her hands below her nose and watched her siblings carefully. 
"We cannot dwell on the past, right now," she told them finally. "We have to 
find a way to deal with the here and now." She focused on Tokimi. "How long have 
I been unconscious?"

	Tokimi rolled her purple and blue eyes. "Please, Washu. How do you expect 
me to keep time in such a miniscule fasi..."

	"Tokimi," growled the red head.

	The goddess cleared her throat and straightened. "I believe the correct 
term would be a month."

	Washu nodded. "I assume, then, that you have been observing the current 
events." Tokimi nodded. "Share them with me."

	Tokimi closed her eyes. The transference was instantaneous. In the time it 
took to breath, Washu relived the past month. Her heart broke as she watched her 
family's life shattered. She felt a yearning to her right and felt Tsunami 
reaching out to comfort her. Washu responded by sharing her memories with her 
younger sibling.

	"There, now we're all caught up," announced Tokimi. "Suggestions?"

	Tsunami glared at her. "Gabriel is using a Champion of yours? You mean 
that Ziasha was not your first?"

	Washu replayed the attack on the Masaki home. The darkness around the 
three goddesses suddenly changed into that day. Although, it was slightly skewed 
due to the fact that Washu had not actually seen it. It was plainly clear on all 
levels when one of the combatants released the power of the Light Hawk Wings 
similar to that of Ziasha. They three watched in silence as the mysterious 
fighter battled with what was obviously Tenchi.

	"Oh, yes," commented Tokimi. "I almost forgot about him." Washu couldn't 
tell what, but she sensed that her sister was hiding something to do with this 
new Champion. 

	"Let us look at the facts," began Washu. The memory fizzled away and was 
replaced by the darkness. "Gabriel is free. He has bestowed the power of Light 
Hawk Wings on three warriors, and he has gained the services of Tokimi's first 
Champion. Along with this he has obviously used the Touch on the better part of 
the Juraian military." 

	"Agreed," said Tsunami. "I have already been attacked by portions of the 
fleet."

	"Just where are you and that pretty little body of yours, Tsunami?" asked 
Tokimi with a half smile.

	"We know what he has, and we know what he wants. The question is, what can 
we do to stop him?" Washu said quickly, cutting off whatever comment Tsunami had 
been about to make.

	"Your little girl is still running free in search of Tsunami's boy," 
replied Tokimi. "As are their offspring."

	"The Galaxy Police do not seem to be taking any sides in this," added 
Tsunami in a tight voice. "What do you know about the People of the Gem?"

	Washu tried to look outside herself, but found all pathways outside of her 
mind sealed off. "Gabriel has effectively sealed her in here," Tokimi informed 
them. "Because he didn't know I was here, I have some access to the outside. 
Apparently, those spiky headed meddlers are dying off in droves."

	"What!?" cried Washu as she shot to her feet. "You're first telling me 
this now!"

	The dark haired goddess motioned for her elder sibling to sit back down. 
"Do sit down, Washu. I only just found out moments ago." She chuckled lightly. 
"Really, my dear. You are so jumpy as a mortal."

	"Either way," interjected Tsunami in a raised voice, "we have very few 
options. It seems that all we can do is wait and see what the others are able to 
accomplish. Personally, I will do my best to try and make things work out on my 
end, since it seems I am the only one of us here who can affect the physical 
world."

	"Just be careful, Tsunami," said Washu. "The Touched portions of the 
Juraian fleet are probably still looking for you. You are correct in that we 
need to wait, but that means you as well. Once Ryoko has freed Tenchi, then we 
can move against Gabriel."

	Tsunami opened her mouth to say something, but thought better of it and 
closed it. "Yes, Washu," she said finally. "I should go now, or Riley might do 
something foolish out of worry." She looked at both her sisters once before 
disappearing.

	"Well that just leaves the two of us," chimed Tokimi sweetly. Washu 
ignored that last statement and closed her eyes. "Just what are you doing?" 
asked the other goddess.

	"You keep an eye on what's going on out there," Washu replied with a 
upwards nod. "I'm going to try and reestablish my link with Ryoko. If my guess 
is right, I can still see the world through her in the same way you are using 
me." Tokimi said something else, but Washu was already deep into a trance.

_____ 

	As Sasami reentered her body, she felt a pair of hands shaking her by the 
shoulders.

	"Sasami!" It was Riley, and his voice was filled with urgency. "Come on, 
Sasami. Wake up."

	Sasami managed to open her mouth and take in a shallow breath. "It's all 
right, Riley," she managed to whisper. "I'm fine." She cracked her eyes and saw 
him kneeling over her, looking ragged with worry.

	"Thank Tsunami," he swore. Sasami involuntarily started laughing at his 
words which started a coughing fit as a result. The detective carefully picked 
her up and placed her in the navigator's chair.

	Once up right, the princess soon ceased coughing. "I didn't realize it 
until just now. You're Juraian, aren't you, Riley," she said with a smile.

	He smiled back at her. "A Juraian princess, and you're first realizing 
that, now." Riley stepped back and bowed slightly. "Guilty as charged, your 
highness." His smile faded when she coughed a little more. "You sure you're all 
right?"

	"Yeah," she said with a nod.

	The detective didn't look convinced. "I don't know about that. One second 
your telling me something, and the next thing I know you're passed out on the 
floor."

	Sasami quickly searched her mind for a convincing answer. "I was kind of 
just answering a phone call of sorts." Well, it was partly true.

	Both his eyebrows went up at her answer. "Uh, if you say so." He turned 
and sat back down in the pilot's chair. "Buckle up because we're about to come 
out of hyperspace."

	Sasami complied and pulled the seat's safety harness over her torso. While 
Riley toggled levers and pushed buttons in preparation to take the Phoenix Star 
out of hyperspace, the princess allowed herself a moment to digest the events 
she had just discussed with Washu and Tokimi. That last thought alone made her 
grimace. She hadn't realized until that moment just how angry with Tokimi she 
still was. First for starting the war, and second for attempting to kill her to 
get into this dimension. Of course, that was Tokimi. Always straight forward in 
her thinking. If something needs to get done, it will no matter what the 
consequences.

	She shook her head and pushed all thoughts of her divine sister aside. All 
her attention needed to be focused on dealing with the real threat out there, 
Gabriel. How could she have forced his memory so deep in her subconscious? After 
everything they went through with him... 

After everything he did...

	After what they had to do to him...

	"Sasami."

	Her head snapped in the direction of a voice. "What?"

	It was only Riley. "I said we're there." 

	"Where?"

	He gave her a half smile and opened a view screen in front of her. The 
screen held the image of a green and blue sphere covered in swirling clouds. 
"Welcome to Caralo."

	Sasami repeated the name in her mind. Then it came to her. "Caralo." She 
leveled a wide eyed gaze at him. "Caralo is deep in Jurai's territory!"

	Riley snapped the fingers of his left hand. "Exactly. What better place to 
hide then right under their noses." He spun his chair forward and grabbed the 
control stick. "I'm going to dock the Star in the trade city of Yurat. Then 
we'll rent a hover car for the rest of the trip."

	True to his word, Riley piloted the cruiser down to the city of Yurat. "I 
think you should take the opportunity to change while we're being processed."

	The princess involuntarily reached back and touched her aqua hair. "I 
guess you're right," she agreed. "I'm sure that my picture is plastered all over 
the place down there."

	"Listen," he started to tell her. "Go down to deck two. One of the rooms 
is filled with all my costumes. Just rummage through that until you find 
something appropriate."

	Sasami unbuckled her harness. "Costumes?"

	"I'm an undercover cop, remember?" he reminded her. "You never know when 
an old character might come in handy again."

	Although still somewhat unsure of what he was saying, Sasami left the 
bridge and made her way down to deck two. It took a couple of tries, but she 
finally found Riley's "costume room." The room was filled with boxes of clothes, 
as were its two closets. Sasami hummed pleasantly to herself while she went 
through all the articles of clothing. After collecting a suitable combination of 
items, the princess removed and carefully folded her pearl white jacket, pants, 
and sea blue blouse. Next she changed into a white T-shirt, then a light blue 
jumpsuit with a pair of breast pockets, a waist length brown jacket, and finally 
tucked her aqua hair under a brown cap with some strange logo on it.

	As she left the "costume room" Sasami felt the ship shudder as it docked 
in the Yurat spaceport. Acting on a hunch, she went up one deck to Riley's room 
to find the door open and the detective inside packing a duffle bag. He had 
changed into a pair of tan slacks and a long sleeved green shirt. Sasami watched 
silently as he placed a small assortment of weapons and clothes inside the bag. 
Then he finished by strapping a small pistol onto his right ankle. Finished 
packing, Riley threw on a waist length black coat and slung the duffle bag over 
his right shoulder.

	He wasn't surprised at all to find her standing in the doorway. "After 
you, princess," he offered with a wave of his left hand.

	Sasami gave him a small smile. "Why thank you, sir." She took the lead 
until they reached the exit ramp on deck one. 

	When they reached the ramp, Riley resumed the lead without any argument. 
The pair made their way through the spaceport carefully, but in no way to draw 
attention to themselves. The port itself was filled with only Juraians. With a 
civil war about to explode across the Empire, there weren't any other alien 
races brave enough to chance being caught inside Jurai territory when the 
fighting broke out. As the crowds grew slightly thicker, Riley handed Sasami a 
pair of sunglasses to hide her eyes.

	Riley rented them a simple hover car, which they picked up near the 
entrance of the spaceport. Sasami slipped into the right side passenger seat and 
buckled in while Riley tossed his bag in the backseat. "And we're off," chimed 
Riley as he slid into the driver's seat and started the car.

	The hover car pulled away from the curb and into the air. Once they were 
far into the sky, Sasami removed the sunglasses and pulled off the cap. A small 
smile played across her lips as she looked out the window. Due to the direction 
they were flying, there wasn't another vehicle in sight for miles around. The 
car hummed through the air for another half an hour before Riley lowered the car 
to ground level. The surrounding landscape was beautiful to behold. The trees 
were covered in colored leaves showing the tell tale signs of a coming winter. 
Reds, yellows, and oranges blended together to form a perfect tapestry of 
nature. 

	The farther the car went, the less signs of civilization Sasami saw. 
Finally, she looked over at Riley and asked one of the burning questions on her 
mind. "So where exactly are you taking me this time?"

	"A couple of years ago I was on assignment for the Captain," he began. 
"This was when she brought down the Nebulous Pirating Ring. Well, near the end 
of the operation my cover got blown, and I stole one of the pirate's fighters 
and escaped. Unfortunately, some of the pirates decided to chase after me. They 
eventually caught up with me, and after suffering a couple of losses scored a 
hit."

	"I managed a small hyperspace jump that ended up here. The hyperspace 
tunnel literally spit me out, and I crash landed on the planet. I somehow 
survived the initial crash long enough to be found by some of the locals." He 
gripped the wheel with one hand and rested his left arm on the window edge. "The 
friendly locals took me back to their village, patched me up, and kept me hidden 
until the pirates stopped looking for me."

	Sasami laughed. "I didn't think villages still existed in the Empire."

	"Well they do," he replied happily. "And I'm taking you to one. We should 
be safe there until everything blows over."

	That last statement made her frown inwardly. The princess suddenly wanted 
to tell Riley everything, but her common sense told her not too. Some people 
were just not supposed to know that she was the Juraian matron goddess and part 
of the cause of this war. She wanted to tell him that no matter what, she 
couldn't stay out of this conflict for much longer.

	"All right," she said attempting to push the darker thoughts from her 
mind. "I have another question for you."

	"Shoot away," he dared.

	"Who are you Rilienus Keshera?" she asked. "You are a Juraian. How did you 
end up in the Galaxy Police and not the Juraian military?"
	
Riley took in a deep breath and exhaled. "I was wondering how long it was going 
to be before you asked that one. The truth?"

	"Is there anything else?" she replied with a sly grin.

	He laughed and nodded his head. "Okay. About twenty years ago I lived with 
my family on Vernial Prime. My father was a successful merchant right up until 
the Great War. We were planet side when those demon hordes attacked and took 
over the entire system." Sasami saw his face become partly shadowed. "It was 
hell, Sasami. They worked us to the bone for no apparent reason other than to 
see us all suffer. I was only a kid, but I didn't want to go on living like a 
slave."

	Then the shadowed look was suddenly replaced by what could only be 
described as glee. "Then the Day came, as we called it back then. The Day your 
sister liberated us. It started one night when the sky was filled with lights of 
a space battle. Then two days later they returned. I was in the streets when 
your sister led an army of Juraian knights into the city with two glowing 
warriors, one blue and the other red, flying above them."

	There was a definite mystic tone in Riley's voice right now. "It was that 
day I decided I wanted to be a Juraian knight. Unfortunately, when I applied 
after the War my connection to the space trees wasn't strong enough so I was 
rejected. I didn't want to be a faceless grunt, so I applied to the Galaxy 
Police Academy instead and was accepted." A smirk appeared on his face as he 
glanced over quickly. "And the rest is history. I was placed under Captain 
Segrey's command, and she put me to good use. Before I knew it I was a Detective 
First Class specializing in undercover ops."

	"Wow," said Sasami with sincere awe. "There's more to you than meets the 
eye, Riley." Before she realized it, she had reached out and touched his right 
hand. "I'm sorry you were a prisoner during the War."

	"It's okay," he said with a shrug. "It all turned out for the best." The 
detective chuckled lightly. "It was because I was on Vernial Prime that I got to 
meet you for the first time."

	Sasami pulled her hand back quickly. "We've met before?" she asked in 
shock.

	He nodded. "Yup. I was at the belated Startica Festival your sister held 
on the planet near the end of the War. We even danced together, sort of."

	"We did?" she gasped.

	That got another laugh out of him. "Well, to be more precise, I was next 
to you in a dancing circle at one point." Riley suddenly looked slightly 
ashamed. "Right up until the surprise attack. Come to think of it, my role as 
your bodyguard can be dated all the way back to then. For one brief second I 
stood between you and that gold scaled lizard that kidnapped you during the 
attack."

	He suddenly looked over at her with worry when she didn't say anything. 
"Dammit, I'm sorry, Sasami. I didn't mean to bring back memories of that day."

	"Oh, no. It's okay, Riley," she assured him. "I'm fine about it. I was 
just trying to remember you being there, that's all." He calmed when she smiled 
at him. "I'm trying to picture a little Riley."

	"Hey," he growled lightly. "If you're going to picture something, then 
picture someone your own age. I wasn't in diapers, you know."

	Riley's sudden ire caused Sasami to burst into a fit of laughter. "Awe, I 
bet you were so cute," she cooed.

	"Shut up," he mumbled. "I wasn't cute."

	"Cute little Riley," she continued to taunt. "I bet you even helped your 
mom around the house." She threw her head back and started laughing even harder. 
Years of living with Ryoko had of course affected her sense of humor in some 
ways.

	"You're treading on thin ice, princess," he threatened while tightly 
gripping the wheel with both hands. Undaunted by his threat, Sasami continued to 
tease him right up until they arrived at the village of Cireel.

_____ 

	The hover car settled down right in front of, of all things, a bakery. 
Sasami got out of the car and took a quick look around Cireel. The only way to 
describe it was quaint for Juraian standards. To Sasami, though, it was like 
being back on Earth. It look like something pulled right out of one of the 
European towns she had staid in with Washu during their trip around the world. 
The buildings were made out of either brick or white washed stone. The streets 
were also paved with red bricks, although, the quaintness abruptly ended there.

	Despite the underdeveloped look the town portrayed, there were still hover 
cars and transports flying about and other technological wonders here and there. 
But what made Sasami feel most at home were the space trees scattered around the 
village. She closed here eyes for a moment and listened to their songs that only 
she could hear. 
	
	"Sasami," called Riley from the other side of the car. She opened her eyes 
and looked over at him. "Come on," he added with motioning.

	She walked around the car and followed him inside the bakery. As soon as 
they entered, the smell of fresh baked breads and cakes filled her nose. All at 
once, Sasami felt the urge to cook rise up inside her. Her fingers started to 
impulsively twitch with those thoughts. The inside of the bakery gave her an at 
home feeling, as well. The front half was filled with three polished, wooden 
tables and chairs for customers. The second half was dominated by a display case 
filled with breads, cakes, pastries, and other baked goods. 

	Behind the counter was a small, round, elderly Juraian woman wearing a 
blue and white dress with a white apron over it. Her hair was silver and pilled 
on top of her head into a bun with a small ponytail hanging from it. She trained 
a pair of dark purple eyes on the pair as they entered the bakery. The woman 
squinted at them once before crying out in surprise and running out from behind 
the counter towards Riley.

	"Rilienus!" she cried. 

	Riley opened his arms and pulled her into a large hug. "Hello to you too, 
Irea."

	They released the embrace, and Irea looked up at him all smiles. "What are 
you doing here?" She placed a hand on each hip and thinned her eyes. "Are you in 
trouble again, Rilienus?"

	"Well, uh, kind of," he stammered while rubbing the back of his head with 
his right hand. "Actually, my friend here is in trouble." The detective gestured 
to Sasami. "Irea Veradal, I'd like you to meet S..."

	"Sammy Masaki," finished the princess. She extended her right hand to the 
elder woman. "Nice to meet you." 

	Irea took her hand and gave it a hearty shake. "If you are a friend of 
Rilienus, then you are welcome in my home." She retracted her hand and started 
to appraise Sasami. "You're a skinny little thing, but a few good meals of my 
food shout fatten you up." Irea gave them a curt nod and started walking back 
towards the display case. "Get your things, and we'll get you two settled 
upstairs."

	She stopped suddenly and looked over her shoulder. "Will it be one room or 
two?"

	Both the princess and the detective began to blush furiously. "Two rooms!" 
they both said simultaneously.

	"Fine," Irea said without any outward emotion. "Let's get you two settled 
in and fed before Jarock gets home. Then I want everyone getting a good night's 
rest. With the Festival coming up there's a lot of work to be done." She walked 
behind the display case and disappeared into the back.

	Sasami looked over at Riley with a raised eyebrow. "Riley."

	"Yeah?"

	"Thank you *so* much for bringing me here."

_____ 

	"There," said Washu with a hint of triumph in her voice.

	"It's about time," she heard Tokimi sneer. "You're getting too old, Washu. 
It took you too long to create that connection with the girl."

	Washu spun around and glared at the dark haired goddess. "You know damn 
well she's been actively blocking me ever since..."

	"She saw your little home movie," finished the goddess. "You really did 
out do yourself there, sister."

	"Shut up, Tokimi," growled the red head. She looked away from her sister 
and began to concentrate once more. It took a few tries, but eventually 
something similar to a view screen appeared in front of her depicting everything 
Ryoko was seeing at that moment.

To be continued...

Notes- And Washu returns...along with Tokimi! And yes I have had this planned 
all along. I hope you liked the goddess council. I wanted to play around with 
all their personalities, especially Tokimi. As many others do in the world of 
Tenchidom, I too feel that there is more to her than evil. I just thought that 
WotG was not the place to play around with that. Oh, and I felt using Tsunami 
instead of Sasami for that scene made if run much more smoothly. With this fic I 
can really get into everyone's personalities.

Any comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com
		

