Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Truths Beholden"


	*Mayuka...* Ryoko called out telepathically. *Honey? Are you there?*

	A few seconds went by, but eventually Ryoko felt her daughter reach back 
out to her. *I hear you, mom,* came her voice, although a little distant.

	Ryoko strained to keep the link active over their long distance. She could 
always use her Light Hawk Wings to boost the power of the link, but the pirate 
knew that would be like creating a signal fire to their enemies.

	*We'll need to keep this short,* said Ryoko. *What's your situation?*

	*We've joined up with Kiyone and Mastir,* she reported. *Right now we're 
on our way to make contact with Admiral Judroa. Also, Gerin has found Ayeka. 
She's being held captive in the Imperial Palace.*

	*Good job, sweetie. What about Sasami?*

	*Kiyone told me that she's been taken some place safe by a bodyguard. No 
one knows exactly where she is.*

	*Well, that's going to have to be good enough. If none of our allies know 
where she is, that means our enemies can't find her either. I have to go now. 
You watch yourself, Mayuka. And don't do anything I would do.*

	Mayuka chuckled across the distance. *Yes, ma'am.* Then she was gone.

_____ 

	Ryoko opened her eyes and pulled herself up into a sitting position on her 
bed. The pirate was currently in her room on board the Loaded Dice. Wearing a 
white night gown, she floated up off the bed and over to the bathroom for a 
quick shower. Ten minuets later she appeared back in the main room, once again 
dressed all in black and gray with her hair pulled back tight into a braided 
ponytail. Feeling slightly edgy, she decided to go for a walk around the ship. 

	The pirate left the room and started walking slowly down the metallic 
halls of the ship. She stopped halfway down the hall and phased through the 
floor down to the next deck. Her feet touched the ground, and she continued on 
her way. Ryoko's ear twitched as she passed a door to her left. 

	"What's this?" she asked herself. If her ears were not deceiving her, 
there were sounds of battle on the other side of the door. Not bothering to 
knock, Ryoko simply walked right through the door.

	Inside was a small training facility with workout machines, free weights, 
and a sparring ring. Much to her surprise, the ring was currently home to two 
combatants. Hiro, in a pair of loose white pants and with T-shirt, and Leah, 
wearing a blue spandex jumpsuit and her hair pulled back, were fencing back and 
forth with energy swords, while Somar was pacing around the ring watching them. 
Ryoko watched for a few moments and smiled. It was clear to all observers that 
the two fighters were battling with a lot of intensity. But to her trained eyes, 
the mother could easily tell that her son was holding back quite a lot. 

	"Ah, what the young do when they try to show affection," she whispered to 
herself. Of course, who was she to comment on such things? Her idea of wooing 
Tenchi back in the day came very close to sexual assault in some cases.

	The fight continued as she neared the ring. Somar noticed and gave her a 
knowing smile. Ryoko smirked back at him. Tenchi had told her a long time ago 
that it had been on advice from the pale man that he had decided to really 
explore his feelings towards her. The pirate stopped on the opposite side of the 
ring from the him. She looked up to see a holographic clock counting down to 
zero. Ten seconds later, as the clock reached its mark, a buzzer sounded around 
the ring. Hiro back flipped away from a slash of Leah's and landed in a red 
marked corner. Leah walked over to the opposite blue corner and powered down her 
red energy sword.

	Ryoko teleported over to her son's corner grinning. Hiro looked at her 
from behind a white towel. "Hey, mom." Somar climbed onto the ring apron and 
poured a bucket of water over his head.

	"Hello," she replied. "Having fun?" The grin remained on her face the 
whole time. 

	Hiro blushed slightly, or it might just have been from the workout. Ryoko 
believed it was the latter, though. "Uh, yeah. She's pretty good."

	The cyan haired mother leaned forward while looking up at her child. "It's 
not polite to hold back in a fight like this, Hiro," she whispered. "I'm sure 
Leah's feelings would be hurt if she knew."

	Panic flooded his young face. "I don't want to hurt her, mom. She's the 
one who challenged me. The girl's been bugging me about it ever since the fight 
at the club three days ago. I figured I'd give her a decent bout, and that would 
be the end of it."

	"Uh huh," said Ryoko with a nod. "Okay," she added before sending herself 
across the ring to Leah's corner.

	The troubleshooter only jumped slightly when she appeared. "Oh, hi, 
Ryoko," she greeted.

	"Hey, Leah," returned the pirate. "How's the fight going?"

	Leah paused for a second before responding. "Good, except that Hiro's 
holding back," she said with a frown. "He hasn't even used his teleportation 
ability once this fight. That, and I know he's pulling the strength behind his 
attacks." She looked down at Ryoko. "I saw him take down guys ten times my size 
in the club without even breaking a sweat." 

	An idea suddenly formed in Ryoko's mind. "Do you really want to make him 
work?" Leah's eyebrows went up, but the grin on her face showed her openness to 
her suggestion. 

_____ 

	"I think they're planning something," warned Somar.

	Hiro looked up and over to the opposite corner where his mother and Leah 
were discussing something. "I'm not worried," he said with a shrug. "Mom's 
probably just giving her a few tips."

	A timer sounded above the ring, and both fighters rose to resume the 
fight. Hiro was only partially surprised that Leah came out all offense. She 
ignited her red energy sword and charged with a series of slashes at his right. 
Hiro sidestepped to the left while ducking around the first two slashes. When he 
jumped back from her third slash, then he finally formed a sword in his right 
hand. Leah made a thrust for his right shoulder. Hiro easily parried and threw 
her blade aside before going on the offensive. Then she surprised him by 
completely backing off with a back flip.

	Before the surprise could completely register on his face, the cyan haired 
teen's danger sense flared. Acting on instinct he side flipped to the left just 
as a pair of red energy lances exploded on the ring mat. Hiro landed and glanced 
up to see his mother floating fifteen feet above the ring with a red energy 
sword in her right hand.

	"Think fast!" she said before vanishing.

	Hiro's eyes darted from side to side. Then there was an energy sword 
screaming at him from the right. Hiro threw out a quick parry and teleported 
five feet forward. Ryoko followed up quickly and launched herself at him sword 
first. Red sword clashed with green sending sparks in all directions. Hiro found 
himself breathing heavily after only the first few exchanges with her. His 
mother's attacks were coming faster and faster with each passing second. It 
almost seemed like there were five red swords trying to hit him at once. 

	Suddenly he caught movement coming at him from the left. Thinking quickly, 
Hiro deflected one of Ryoko's slashes and released a small blast at the ground 
right in front of her. A screen of smoke shot up right between them, giving Hiro 
just enough time to fire a blast at Leah who was charging him from the left. She 
batted his shot aside and jumped at him. The teen countered by jumping right at 
her and phasing through her at the last second. 

	He became solid again, turned around, and threw a quick energy lance at 
her back. The green bolt struck Leah in the back, accelerating her descent 
towards the ground. She hit the mat hard, but started back to her feet quickly. 
Hiro had only a moment to admire his counter before Ryoko, or as it was two 
Ryokos, appeared at his sides. Hiro threw out a pair of energy shields that 
deflected the coming two attacks long enough for him to teleport away. Once back 
in the ring, Hiro took aim and started laying down successive fire at his pair 
of mothers.

	The Ryokos swooped around his blasts while phasing in and out until they 
were right in front of him. Ryoko A launched a kick at him. Hiro blocked the 
kick with his right forearm and spun around to wrist block a punch from Ryoko B. 
Then Leah darted between them swinging her sword. Hiro batted away his mothers, 
jumped over Leah's attack, summoned a large ball of power in his hands, and 
tossed it at the group below. He landed just outside the ring, panting from the 
extensive use of his powers.

	When the smoke from the explosion cleared, his mother was standing there 
with one hand outstretched. She lowered her arm and placed a hand on each hip. 
"How are you feeling, Hiro?" she asked with a grin.

	"Tired," he said between breaths. "How are you that fast, mom?"

	Ryoko tilted her head to the left. "Did you honestly think your father 
just trained with the old man and you kids? Now get yourself cleaned up. We'll 
be entering the Jinwei system soon." She fizzled for a moment, and then his 
mother was gone.

	Hiro staggered over to the ring and leaned on its apron with his forearms. 
A pair of boots was suddenly eye level with him. "That'll teach you to hold 
back," came Leah's voice from above.

	Pushing aside a groan, Hiro lifted his eyes to look at the woman. "I 
didn't want to hurt you," he explained. "I'm not exactly your run of the mill 
fighter."

	She huffed and slipped through the ring ropes to the floor. "I'm a big 
girl, Hiro," she replied tightly. "I can take care of myself." On that she 
turned and walked out of the room.

	"Wait!" he tried to call out. "I didn't..." Too late. The door slid shut, 
and the teen dropped his head with a moan. 

	"Don't worry about it, Hiro," Somar told him as he came around the corner 
of the ring. "She's not really mad. Leah just doesn't like being treated like a 
weakling because she's a woman."

	"But I wasn't trying to treat her like a weakling," Hiro said from within 
his arms. He lifted his head to the pale man. "Me of all people knows how strong 
some girls can be. I have two sisters and a mother who are capable of kicking my 
ass in a fight on any given day." He motioned at the smoldering ring. "You just 
saw it!"

	Somar smiled and tossed him a towel. "Leah's only a couple of years older 
than you. She also doesn't like it that you're this strong for someone younger 
than her." He reached out and put a hand on the teen's back. "Come on. Let's get 
ready for the mission."

_____ 

	Rashoch paced back and forth impatiently on the bridge of the Madhatter. 
Juraian officers went about their businesses rigidly, half expecting the madman 
to start a killing spree at the drop of a hat. He suddenly stopped his pacing 
and looked out the view port at the hyperspace tunnel. 

	"Bring the ship out of hyperspace!" he bellowed.

	The bridge crew scrambled to their stations and brought the large Juraian 
ship out of hyperspace. Rashoch slowly walked to the railing of the command 
platform. He turned his head to the left and sniffed the air. 

	"I can smell them," he whispered to himself. He pointed down to the 
navigator. "What hyperspace coordinates fall along that trajectory!" he 
demanded.

	The officer quickly punched a series of keys at his station. "A course 
along that route will pass by the systems Ubera, Jinwei, and Vested, sir."

	"Set a course for the Jinwei system," Rashoch ordered seconds later. 
"Maximum speed."

	He turned to leave the bridge, when a COM officer suddenly called out to 
him. "Uh, sir. Incoming message from Jurai. It's the Emperor."

	"Transfer it to my quarters," Rashoch told him over his shoulder. He was 
surrounded by a black flame as he teleported to his room.

	The madman dropped into a high backed black chair and snapped his fingers. 
A view screen appeared bearing Gabriel's white eyed visage. "Hello, Emperor," 
greeted Rashoch in a light tone. "To what do I owe this honor?"

	Gabriel's right eyelid lowered slightly. "How goes your hunt, Rashoch?"

	"It would keep going if you hadn't decided to make a phone call," sneered 
the madman. "If we stop now, I can be back on my way to catching them."

	If the entity was annoyed at his remarks, it did not show. "In a moment, 
my dear boy. I just wanted to give you a piece of information I promised that 
just might motivate you further." At that remark he smiled.

	Rashoch, however, was wary of this sudden situation. "What game are you 
playing with me, Gabriel?" He chuckled following up with a thin grin. "I'd at 
least like to know the rules."

	"No games, my boy," he replied. "Just the truth."

_____ 

	Ryoko turned around when the door to the bridge opened to admit Hiro. The 
teen had cleaned himself up after the "training session" and was now dressed in 
a long sleeved green shirt with black pants. His cyan hair was slicked back and 
still wet from the shower. 

	"Go on, Ukarit," prompted Ryoko. 

	"As I was saying," continued the gangster. "We're about ten minutes from 
Jinwei three. Once we dock the ship Ryoko, Hiro, Leah, and myself will go into 
the city and find this antique shop. Somar and the Twins will stay with the Dice 
incase we need back up. Any questions?"

	Leah, seated at the navigator's station wearing an all sea blue outfit 
consisting of pants and a buttoned trench coat with a high collar, raised her 
right hand. "Are we going in weapons hot?" 

	Ukarit shook his spiked head. "We'll be packing, but I want to go into 
this one thinking peaceful thoughts. Got me?" The troubleshooter nodded. "All 
right then. Let's get ready."

_____

	It was exactly ten minutes later that the Loaded Dice was docking at the 
Shrevt spaceport on Jinwei III. The side hatch of the green ship opened, and 
Ukarit, wearing his black leather pants and vest with a beret and sunglasses on 
his head, led the way out. Ryoko followed glancing left and right as they 
entered the docking area. Hiro was about to follow his mother, when Leah stopped 
him.

	"What?" he asked.

	She thrust a black cap into his arms. "Wear this. News vids from the fight 
at the club are talking about a male, cyan haired fighter with strange 
abilities. We don't really need to be noticed here."

	Hiro looked at the hat once, shrugged, and placed it on his head 
backwards. "How's that?" he asked with a grin.

	"Fine," replied Leah half heartedly as she grabbed the front of his shirt. 
"Come on."

	The pair quickly caught up with Ukarit and Ryoko, who were already past 
the docking bay entrance and walking down the crowded hall. The small group made 
their way through the spaceport until they reached the entrance to the 
terminals. Ukarit stepped up to the street curb and waved over a taxi. Soon a 
green and blue hover car with alien writing pulled up.

	"What?" questioned Ryoko. "No rental car?"

	The gangster opened the rear passenger door and motioned for her to enter. 
"Minimize traces of our being here. The boys are already working on erasing our 
docking logs, so we might as well take a cab. Now then, after you."

_____ 

	Ukarit got into the cab's passenger seat and handed the driver a piece of 
paper. "Can you find that place?" 

	The purple skinned driver pointed his eyestalks at the paper and then back 
at the gangster. "Sure," he replied with a gurgling voice. The hover car's 
engine started to hum, and they were off in search of Logbrav's Antique 
Emporium.

	The taxi zoomed through the airways on its route to their destination. The 
entire ride, Ukarit kept his mind on what could happen when they arrived at the 
antique store. There was no way they could know exactly who or what this escapee 
from Druz looked like. The best assumption he could make was the owner was their 
target. He lifted his head slightly to use the rear view mirror to catch a 
glance at his companions. Gauging their actions was going to prove a bit 
difficult.

	Leah he knew would want to bully the information out of the guy, if it was 
a guy. Fortunately, Ukarit knew that she would follow his orders to keep it 
under control. The woman to Leah's left was another story. Ryoko was a wild card 
for the time being. Over the past week she had gone back and forth from the edge 
of depression. Ukarit couldn't be sure how she would react if this so called 
escapee refused to give the location of Druz. 

	And then there was Hiro. Up until now, he had been operating on directions 
from his mother, but the teen was constantly showing that he had Ryoko's spark 
for doing what he pleased. The boy followed orders, but Ukarit couldn't deny 
that he could take matters into his own hands at any moment. The real question, 
then, was when would he?

	The taxi finally pulled up to a small, brick building on the ground level 
of the city. Ukarit scanned a credit chip across the scanner and exited the 
vehicle with the rest of the group. The building was only one story with a pair 
of windows facing the street. Various types of antiques could be seen through 
the windows littering the store. Ukarit took the lead and walked through the 
front door.

	Inside was what looked like a common antique shop. Old pieces of furniture 
lined the walls, stacked orderly and marked accordingly. Other items from old 
swords, to rugs, lamps, and clothing could be seen all over the place. At the 
rear of the one large room was a single service counter with an old humanoid 
behind it. The old man wore a red and green robe and held a newspaper in his 
hands. His face looked wrinkled and human except for the ridge of spines running 
from his forehead to his nose. Behind him was a standing birdcage with an orange 
feathered, black beaked bird sitting on a hanging ring. The old man looked up 
from his perch on a stool and smiled at the group.

	"Welcome," he greeted. "What can I do for you?"

	Ukarit plastered his best smile on and stepped forward. "Good day to you, 
sir. My associates and I are in the market for a certain kind of antique. It's 
Juraian in make."

	The old man placed his paper down on the counter and stood. "Well, I do 
carry many Juraian items. What is it exactly?"

	"A globe," answered the gangster. "One dating back several thousand years. 
It's a rare item because it is one of the only globes that shows the old Juraian 
pirate hideouts."

	Ukarit noticed the old man pause ever so slightly as he walked around the 
counter. He chanced a glance at Ryoko, who confirmed with a small nod that she 
had caught it. The old man continued around the counter, heading to the left 
portion of the store. "Let's take a look over here. This is where I keep most of 
my Juraian stock. Do you know the galactic year it was made?"

	"Roughly two thousand galactic years ago," he replied calmly. "I know 
that's not too long ago, but this item would complete a very important 
collection of mine. Money is not a problem."

	"Hmm," the old man went. He had stopped in front of the collection to 
stare. "You know, I don't think I carry such an item in stock. Perhaps if you 
leave me your name, a way of contacting you, and a small down payment I can put 
in a search for this globe."

	There was a muttered curse from behind, and Ukarit looked to see Hiro 
making a move towards the old man. The gangster was about to stop the teen, but 
Leah acted faster. She laid a single hand on his right shoulder and shook her 
head. Hiro looked back and forth between her and the old man twice before 
stepping back. Ukarit sighed inwardly and redirected his attention to the 
shopkeeper. His eyes went wide when he saw what was already happening, though.

	Ryoko had made her move while Hiro had been trying to make his. The pirate 
was now in front of the old man with a handful of his robe in her right hand. 
She effortlessly lifted him off of the ground. "Enough word games, pal," she 
hissed. "We know you escaped from Druz two thousand years ago. Now I'm only 
going to ask once, so be careful with your answer." Her feline eyes thinned. 
"Where...is...it?"

	There was movement from the old man's right hand, which looked like he was 
going for a weapon. Ryoko acted in kind. With a flick of her wrist, the cyan 
haired pirate tossed him across the room into a pile of junk. Ukarit slapped his 
forehead and cursed.

	"Tsunami dammit, Ryoko!" he cried. "I had everything under control."

	She glared at him while walked towards the downed shopkeeper. "You were 
taking too long. My patience ran out." She stopped in front of where he landed 
and reached down to grab him, only to be greeted by blaster fire. 

	Her reflexes kicked in, and Ryoko teleported three feet to the left. Then 
she reacted on instinct and loosed an energy bolt at her foe. There was a small 
explosion, followed by a gust of smoke. 

	"Shit!" Ukarit heard Ryoko shout. "Why the hell did he have to go and do 
that?"

	"I don't know," replied Ukarit darkly. "Maybe because you assaulted him?"

	"Did you really have to shoot him, mom?" asked Hiro. "That guy was our 
only link to Druz."

	Ryoko shot him a second glare. "It's not like I put an energy sword to his 
neck. Besides, he fired first." The smoke started to clear, and she moved in to 
see if there was anything left alive of the old man. Ukarit walked over as well. 
What they saw came as a complete surprise.

	Lying in several pieces was the old man. Except each piece was surrounded 
by small electrical sparks. "He's a machine!" cried Ryoko.

	"Oh, man," came a low voice from behind them. Everyone spun around to see 
the bird standing on the counter. "Do you people know how much a good simulagent 
droid costs?"

	"The...bird is talking!" gasped Hiro with wide eyes.

	"The kid wins a cookie," snapped the bird.

	Ukarit walked back over to the counter and stared down at the creature. 
"So, you're the...guy we're looking for. I thought you'd be bigger."

	The bird cocked his head at the pink man. "I am the only guy who ever 
escaped from Druz. Do you really think I would keep my old body? It took a lot 
of genetic and molecular engineering to make me look like this."

	Ryoko was suddenly standing next to them. "Where's Druz?" she demanded.

	The bird flapped his wings furiously and zipped out of her reach. "Whoa 
there, lady. It's gonna cost you a pretty credit for that, now, since you 
toasted my bot." It looked at Ukarit with its tiny eyes. "Five million."

	Ukarit tossed his credit chip onto the counter. "Done," he said without a 
pause. The bird stopped flapping and dropped down to the counter.

	"Damn," it said. "You really mean business. It tapped a section of the 
counter top, and a small red light flashed over the chip. He tapped it again and 
a small green light flashed over it this time. "Okay, I transferred the 
coordinates to your chip. Nice doing business with you. Now get the hell out of 
my store."

_____ 

	The space above Jinwei III was empty. Then, suddenly, a Juraian flotilla 
emptied out of hyperspace. At their head was the first generation ship dubbed 
the Madhatter. Sitting in the command chair of the immense battleship was the 
former Champion of Tokimi, Rashoch. His right green eye twitched as opposed to 
his blue left eye that remained completely still. Wearing only a loose, black 
jumpsuit, the madman grimaced openly as a picture of the planet appeared on a 
view screen. The ship came to a complete stop in space.

	Black bolts of energy started rippling up and down Rashoch's arms. Zorin 
stepped up to stand to the left of the chair. "What are your orders?"

	The green eye twitched. "I can smell her..."

	Zorin shifted ever so slightly. "Orders?"

	"Put together a large assault force," whispered the madman. A small giggle 
escaped his lips. "We go planet side in thirty."

	"As you command," replied Zorin. He pulled a communicator from his belt 
and started issuing orders. 

	"Ryoko..." hissed Rashoch.

_____ 

	"To success!" cheered Ukarit with a raised glass of green liquid.

	Ryoko raised her own glass and clinked it with her companion's. She tilted 
her head back and downed the drink in one gulp. A small sigh left her mouth as 
she leaned forward. She turned her head from the bar and scanned the densely 
packed club they were in. Ukarit had suggested a small celebration after the 
success at the antique shop. Humanoid aliens of all shapes and sizes were out on 
the dance floor "getting their grooves on." Somewhere, out in the crowd, were 
Hiro and Leah. The pirate smirked at that thought.

	Ukarit picked up on her wandering gaze. "I wouldn't worry," he told her 
over the fast paced music. 

	She glanced over at the pink man. "I'm not. Considering all the hell I 
went through, I'm not going to get in the way of a little bit of teenage 
romance."

	"Ha!" barked the gangster. "Leah's anything but a teenager."

	Ryoko smirked at him. "Yeah, but Hiro does something to her. I can see it 
in her eyes." Her smirk changed into a wistful smile. "He challenges her in a 
way that pisses her off, yet interests her at the same time."

	"Kind of like the way you and Tenchi used to be," added Ukarit with a 
laugh.

	The music shifted to a jumping beat. "Yeah," she whispered, keeping that 
wistful smile. "Yeah."

_____ 

	Hiro found himself being pulled into the writhing mass of the dancing 
crowd by Leah. Every other moment she flashed a grin over her shoulder at him. 
They finally stopped somewhere in the center of the large crowd. The 
troubleshooter turned around to face him. Her face was a light with good cheer, 
and she started to sway her hips with the beat of the music. Hiro watched, 
dumbfounded, as she raised her hands above her head and started weaving them. 

	"Come on, Hiro!" she called to him. "Dance and have some fun! Your young!" 
She lowered he right hand and beckoned with its index finger.

	The power of youth suddenly filled Hiro's body. Any nervous, and unsure 
feelings he had been harboring suddenly disappeared. He walked forward and 
simply started dancing with the woman before him. The music went on, and the two 
of them continued to dance for another hour. Lights flashed across the massive 
dance floor, bathing it in a rainbow's selection of colors. Finally, though, the 
upbeat music trailed off into a slow, rhythmic melody.

	Both Hiro and Leah abruptly stopped dancing and stared at one another. 
Standing only a couple of feet apart, they were the only two people still on the 
floor who had not coupled up for the slow song. Having previously lost himself 
in the music, Hiro was suddenly at a loss about what to do now. It was Leah, 
then, who made the first move. She took a careful step forward and slipped her 
arms around his neck.

	"What are you doing?" he whispered.

	Her green flecked hazel eyes seemed to twinkle as the lights changed to 
just blue and purple. "Throwing caution to the wind," she told him quietly.

	Heart rate increasing due to their closeness, Hiro slowly placed his hands 
on her lithe hips. Ever so carefully, the pair started to blend their movements 
with the rhythm of the music around them. Emotions that he had never really 
addressed before started to well up inside of the cyan haired teen. The 
closeness of Leah's body and the smell of her hair caused his mind to pause. For 
that brief moment, this woman was the only thing he could focus on. Their eyes 
locked, and the pair stared intently at one another. 

	The intense moment was suddenly shattered when the doors to the club 
exploded inward. All heads snapped in that direction as a hoard of Juraian 
knights and soldiers poured into the building. Hiro looked up as a second 
explosion opened up a hole in the ceiling. A lone figure descended from the 
opening towards the center of the dance floor. The crowd ran in all directions 
to avoid the stranger. 

	"Oh no!" hissed Hiro when he saw who had just landed not twenty feet from 
Leah and himself.

	Rashoch, black electricity crackling around him, scanned the crowd until 
his different colored eyes landed on the cyan haired teen. An insane grin spread 
across his face. "Tag! You're it!" he shouted right before firing a black blast 
of energy at Hiro.

	Acting on instinct, Hiro threw his arms around Leah and teleported to the 
other side of the room. The blast hit, incinerating and sending patrons flying 
in all directions. At that the crowd broke into a complete panic. Aliens 
stampeded for all available exits. The Juraians responded instantly by mowing 
them down like nothing. Hiro released Leah and tried to spot his mother and 
Ukarit, but it was no use. He took a couple of steps to the right, only to be 
stopped suddenly by a large form.

	Hiro only had a quick moment to look at who barred his path before a large 
fist impacted on his stomach and then on his chin. His black cap flew off his 
head right before the cyan haired teen crashed into several tables. "And just 
where do you think you are going, boy?" asked a deep voice that Hiro was able to 
identify instantly.

	Zorin loomed over him from several feet away, face emotionless. There was 
a flash of movement from the left as Leah pulled out her blaster and opened fire 
at Zorin. The large man merely raised his right hand to form an energy shield 
that absorbed the shots. He turned his hard gaze from Hiro to Leah and smiled as 
his energy shield changed into a ball...

	"NO!" cried Hiro. With amazing speed, the teen rocketed from his position 
and tackled Zorin. The two of them hit the ground, rolled as one for several 
feet, and then separated. 

	Both combatants were immediately back on their feet. Hiro formed an energy 
sword and charged Zorin without pause. Zorin met the attack with a deep blue 
energy sword of his own. The blades locked as did their eyes. All around him, 
Hiro could hear people crying out as the Juraians killed them without pause. 
Then he heard a female battle cry cut through the rest of the screams. 

	"Mom," Hiro said quietly. She was fighting Rashoch. Zorin smiled across 
the crossed swords at him. Hiro's response was to growl as he disengaged and 
attacked the large man with all his might.

_____ 

	Rashoch looked away from the boy when he saw Zorin appear to take care of 
him. After all, that was not whom he was looking for. The madman did not have to 
look much farther before spotting his true target. Across the room was Ryoko. 
The pirate was walking directly towards him, pausing only momentarily to take 
out any Juraian who dared to bar her path. More energy started flow over 
Rashoch's body the nearer she came. 

	"There you are, Ryoko!" he called out when she was only twenty yards away. 
"How's life as a single mom?" he asked followed by a cackle. 

	A red energy sword appeared in her hands. "Die...you SON OF A BITCH!" she 
roared. 

	The enraged pirate launched herself at him, and Rashoch readied himself 
for her first attack. She slashed at him wildly, trying to take his head off in 
one attack. The madman, smiling all the time, merely sidestepped and ducked 
under her first two slashes. He quickly extended his hands and released a blast 
of power that connected with her stomach. Ryoko cried out as she flew through 
the air and into the wall on the other side of the room. She wasn't down for 
long, though. Rashoch was forced to teleport away before a series of red energy 
discs exploded all along the center of the dance floor. 

	Ryoko appeared just to his right and knocked him to the ground with a hard 
right. Momentarily dazed, Rashoch could do nothing to block her combination of 
attacks. He lifted his chin just in time for her left boot to make contact and 
rock him backwards. Then the pirate was behind him driving her right knee into 
his back. Rashoch coughed out a cry as he felt his lungs crash against his rib 
cage. He hit the ground face first, sliding several feet before coming to a 
skidding halt. Rage suddenly filled his entire being and was personified by the 
huge energy wave that fanned out in all directions from his body.

	Rashoch jumped to his feet instantly scanning the dance floor for his 
opponent. Suddenly Ryoko appeared on both his sides with energy swords blazing. 
The former Champion of Tokimi forward flipped over the Ryokos' slashes, landed 
perfectly, and jumped back with his hands stretched out to the sides. Both hands 
grabbed a braided, cyan ponytail and pulled inwards. The Ryokos cried out as 
they were slammed together with great force. There was a shimmering effect as 
the pair became one again. The now dazed Ryoko tried desperately to block 
Rashoch's next attack. 

	She was able to block his first combination kick from his right leg, but 
she failed to block the next one, which ended with a reverse crescent kick. His 
black boot struck her on the right cheek, sending her to the ground. 

	"Pathetic," he hissed.

	Ryoko lifted her head and grimaced at him while blood trickled from the 
corner of her mouth. But instead of a verbal retort, the pirate thrust her hands 
out and released a series of blasts at the floor between them. A wave of smoke 
and debris shot up into Rashoch's face. A rage filled shout flew from his lips, 
but changed to surprise just as Ryoko's right fist came through the smoke and 
hit him in the nose. The madman stumbled back clutching his face. Ryoko exploded 
from the smoke, drove her right shoulder into his gut, lifted him up, and 
slammed him down on the floor with all her might.

	"Rraaahh!" grunted the madman as his back made contact with the floor.

	Ryoko raised herself up and drove her right fist down at him, but 
Rashoch's reflexes reacted. He caught her punch with both hands, pulled her 
forward, and threw out a head butt that rocked the pirate back.

	With just enough spacing to rise, Rashoch rolled back slightly and jumped 
himself back into a standing position. Ryoko had recovered from the head butt by 
this time. She refocused on him and loosed a series of energy lances. Feeling 
tired of playing games, Rashoch opened himself up and released the power of his 
Light Hawk Wings. The five fiery black wings exploded into existence absorbing 
the lances and forcing Ryoko to jump back.

	"I'm through with these pointless exorcises," said Rashoch as his black 
armor formed over his body. He sensed Ryoko opening herself up to her own power 
and reacted instantly to stop her. With a flick of his right wrist five black 
wings suddenly appeared behind and wrapped themselves around her.

	Ryoko struggled to break free, but black electricity cascaded all over her 
body causing her to scream in pain. Chuckling quietly to himself, the former 
Champion of Tokimi walked up to the bound pirate. The electricity ceased flowing 
from the wings. Ryoko opened her eyes and saw him approaching. She began 
thrashing wildly to try and break free.

	"It's no use," Rashoch told her. He stopped directly in front of her and 
grabbed the tip of her chin with his right hand. "You are trapped," a thin grin 
spread across his face, "dear sister."

_____ 

	Hiro parried a low slash from Zorin, disengaged their blades, and back 
flipped away. He landed with his sword up and ready to parry the large man's 
next attack. The problem was could Hiro keep going for much longer? Zorin had 
him outmatched in brute strength. While the teen could use his agility to try 
and counter that, it wouldn't be much use since his opponent seemed to be almost 
as fast. Zorin silently charged again, and Hiro met the attack head on.

	There were a series of slashes and parries exchanged by the two 
combatants. Hiro attacked with an overhead, downward slash that Zorin parried 
perpendicularly. The large man smiled across the crossed swords and threw Hiro 
off with a mighty shrug of his shoulders. Hiro was sent flying backwards. A 
fraction of a second before hitting the floor, he teleported himself to a 
standing position ten feet back. There was an explosion of black power followed 
by a pained female scream. Hiro frowned while keeping his eyes on Zorin. 

	His mother was losing against Rashoch. 

	If he didn't get past Zorin soon and help her, then she was going to die. 
Hiro grimaced and threw his energy sword at his foe. Zorin easily batted it 
aside.

	"You're going to have to do better than that, boy," taunted the large man. 
"I can read your actions before you even move."

	Surprisingly, Hiro smiled back at him. "Well then. It seems that I have to 
come up with something different." His body tense with concentration, Hiro 
flickered for a moment and then vanished.

_____ 

	Zorin readied himself to parry the boy's coming attack from the left. 
Predictably, he reappeared wielding an energy sword. Zorin locked blades with 
him and pushed the green blade down with his blue one. "As I said, too 
predictable."

	"And as I thought," replied the boy...from behind. Zorin's head snapped 
around to see the brat standing behind him. "Dumb as a post," added the one with 
the energy sword.

	Before he could even muster a thought on how to react to this new 
situation, the Hiro without the energy sword punched Zorin directly in the nose. 
The large Juraian grunted as he flew across the room, hit a wall, and collapsed 
into unconsciousness.

_____ 

	"Was that...new enough...for ya?" asked Hiro breathlessly as he pulled 
himself back into one body. "Man...how does mom do that without feeling so 
tired?" 

	"Nnnnoooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screamed.

	Hiro cringed slightly as he felt a massive amount of Light Hawk energy 
flowing from the dance floor. Not wasting any time, the teen opened himself to 
his own Wings.

_____ 

	"No," whispered Ryoko. "That's...not possible!"

	Rashoch smiled down at her. "Oh but it is, sis."

	Ryoko shut her eyes. "No." She felt his hand grab her by the throat.

	"Believe it!" shouted Rashoch. "I am your brother, Ryoko! I am Washu's 
abandoned son!" He leaned close to whisper in her ear. "We are blood."

	"Nnnnoooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko screamed in disbelief.

	Rashoch released her throat and stepped back several feet. A black sword 
appeared in his right hand. "Unfortunately, this little reunion is coming to an 
abrupt and bloody end."

	Panic rushed through Ryoko's mind as she struggled to do something, 
anything, to get her out of this situation. But no matter what she tried, her 
bindings kept all her powers in check. Rashoch raised his sword. Madness was 
apparent in his features as he took aim at her head. He moved to strike, but his 
sword was suddenly sent flying from his hands by a green energy ribbon. The 
madman's eyes went wide when he looked right just in time to see a column of 
Light Hawk Power hit him. He roared in pain and horror as the blast sent him 
through the wall of the club and far out into the city itself.

	Ryoko's bindings vanished, and she dropped to her knees sobbing lightly. 
Hiro, his forehead rune glowing brightly, was suddenly by her side helping her 
to stand. He placed his hands under her arms and lifted her up.

	"Mom?" he asked worriedly. "Are you all right?"

	"No," she whispered. "No, I'm not."

	There were sounds of footsteps all around the pair. Ryoko slowly lifted 
her head to see at least a hundred Juraian soldiers standing around them with 
plasma guns armed and ready. Ryoko tried to find the strength to fight, but at 
that moment, she didn't want to even move. The only thing she could think about 
was...

	"Rashoch," she whispered. 

_____

	Hiro looked at the Juraians and then at his mother. "Come on, mom. Snap 
out of it. We have to fight." She just lowered her head without a response. 

	The Juraians took aim at them. "Crap," muttered Hiro.

	Suddenly, the building rocked again causing the ceiling to rain down upon 
everyone. Hiro looked up and saw a hover van descending towards them. The side 
of the van opened up to reveal Leah standing there with a pair of objects in her 
hands. She winked at Hiro and tossed the items in her hands down to the floor. 
The first one landed at the teen's feet, giving him a chance to see it. 

	A neutron grenade rolled to a stop next to his right foot. 

Not wasting a moment, Hiro teleported both himself and his mother into the hover 
van, which was already rising out of the devastated club. Leah slammed the side 
door shut, and Ukarit flew the van away at top speed as soon as they were 
outside again. A pair of explosions could be heard in the distance, signifying 
the detonation of the grenades.

	"Who the hell were those two guys back there?" asked Ukarit from the 
driver's seat.

	"The guys who attacked our home on Earth," replied Hiro. He placed his 
mother down in one of the back seats and sat down next to her.

	"Is she all right?" asked Leah with a gesture at Ryoko.

	Hiro shook his head. "I dunno. I think Rashoch said something to her."

	"Who?"

	"The guy in the black," he added. The teen looked closely at his parent, 
who was now sitting with her knees pulled up to her chin and looking out the 
window.

	"Somar!" shouted Ukarit into his communicator. "Get a lock on this signal 
and meet us with the Dice...Yes I know there is a Juraian fleet out there! Just 
get your pale ass in gear and find us!" He threw the communicator on the floor 
and looked back at Leah. "Hack into the local Vid Net and get it out about the 
fleet so the whole planet knows. Then broadcast what footage you can get from 
what just happened in the club. That should create enough confusion for us to 
get away clean."

	"Got it, boss," replied the troubleshooter. She climbed into the front 
seat and started working with the on board computer. 

	Hiro took a deep breath and looked back at Ryoko. Whatever the madman had 
said to her had finally pushed her over the edge. The cyan haired woman just 
silently stared out the window, lost in her thoughts and oblivious to the 
happenings of the outside world.

_____ 

	Washu lunged for her sister literally steaming with rage. Her hands 
wrapped around Tokimi's throat. "YOU BITCH!" she screamed. "YOU...YOU...WHY?"

	Despite being strangled Tokimi smiled nonetheless. She slowly gripped 
Washu's wrists and pulled her hands away. "Do you really have a right to ask 
that?"

	Washu tore her wrists away and stepped back. "How could you? *Why* would 
you, Tokimi?"

	The dark haired goddess straightened her robes. "He was of our blood," she 
replied. "Despite the fact that you were mortal when you birthed him, he was 
still a member of our family. I simply wanted to act on his potential."

	Deep sadness threatened to pull Washu into a state of depression right 
there on the spot. Her personal iron will was all that kept her standing. "You 
had no right," she said finally. "He was my son."

	"A son you abandoned," countered Tokimi.

	Washu shot her a cold glare. "I didn't reclaim him because I wanted him to 
have a normal life. Even though I didn't remember who I was then, I knew that 
any member of my family would be in danger simply because of the things I did. 
He was supposed to live and die as a normal person." The red head closed her 
eyes and hugged herself.

	Tokimi huffed. "That is utter nonsense."

	Washu's eyes opened to level a thin gaze at her sister. An image of 
Rashoch from the fight with Ryoko suddenly appeared between them. "What happened 
to him?" she asked finally. "He looks nothing like he should."

	"There was a, how do I put this, bad reaction," she answered. "After you 
decided not to claim him, I did. I thought that he would make a perfect Champion 
to herald my cause. With your genetic make up combined with my powers, he would 
be the perfect warrior."

	She sighed and started pacing around the image. "Unfortunately, it seems 
that there was an incompatibility between our powers. There was a reaction that 
completely changed him in mind and body after I introduced my power to him." The 
goddess frowned. "His Light Hawk Wings ended up making him insane. His power was 
immense, though uncontrollable. When the transformation was complete I renamed 
him Rashoch, since any trace of wha...who he used to be had been destroyed." 

	"However, he seemed to have developed a hatred for being controlled. The 
more I tried to command him, the more he rebelled. Then one day he actually 
tried to open a portal to come and kill me." Tokimi laughed lightly. "I was 
forced seal him inside a hibernation crystal and search for a new Champion."

	Washu walked around the image, searching for any sign of the son she had 
never really known. She stopped and stared into his face. Only one thing 
remained of her son. A single green eye. A slow, unsteady hand reached out to 
caress his face. But her hand only succeeded in passing through the image. Washu 
slowly turned to her sister.

	"Tokimi," she said in a hoarse whisper. "I will never forgive you for 
this."

To be continued...

Notes- Well now. How did you like that one? I debated a long time whether or not 
to do this, but I eventually decided why the hell not. Any comments please go to 
Roas1@hotmail.com. 	
		 
	

	 
	

	  

	
	
