Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Running Blindly into Space"


	Events were going by so quickly that she was having problems seeing 
everything. Sasami stood in the center of a vortex of images and scenes. The 
universe was spinning around her at a maddening rate. Normally she had no 
problems picking out what she wanted to view, but now things seemed so chaotic. 
The aqua haired woman slowly reached out to try and grasp the passing events. 
However, each time her hand grasped around them, they slipped right through her 
fingers. 

	It was now very plain to see that a powerful force was affecting the flow 
of time and space. Sasami once again tried to focus in on the source of the 
growing chaos. That was when she heard, or rather felt, the Tree of Light 
calling out to her. Ever so faintly, like piece of thread on the wind, it called 
out to her soul. Sasami folded her hands and reached out to that part of 
herself. Soon, she could almost hear it. A single word on the winds of space 
time.

	"Gabriel..."

_____ 

	Sasami Masaki shot upright in her bed breathing heavily and covered in a 
sheen of cold sweat. Her mind was desperately trying to keep a hold of what she 
had seen in her dreams. The princess carefully threw aside her covers and moved 
to sit on the edge of the bed. She groaned while placing her face between her 
hands. Her mind continued to try and put together the great amounts of chaos 
that had been her dream. Something out there was disrupting the flow of time and 
space to the point fatal repercussions. No not something, but someone. 

	That was when she remembered the final moment of the dream. "Gabriel," she 
whispered.

	That name sent a jolt through her memories. Well, to be more precise her 
memories as Tsunami. She tried to get a clear meaning of this person, but for 
some reason the memories remained blurred. Sasami was just about to attempt to 
look deeper, when the buzzer to her room rang.

	The princess lifted her head up. "Coming," she called out. With a light 
grunt, she got off the bed and walked to the door.

	Her white night dress trailed at her feet as Sasami walked across the room 
she had been given on the Galaxy Police starbase. Despite having just gotten out 
of bed at who knew what time in the morning, the thirty one year old princess 
didn't look it. Her shoulder length aqua hair, although slightly mussed, still 
looked groomed. Her face and skin seemed to retain a young if not almost ageless 
look to it, while the two green circle runes on her forehead almost seemed to 
glow with a divine presence. She moved across the spartan quarters, passing the 
small bathroom and dining area before stopping at the door.

	Sasami hit the control panel, and the door slid open to reveal one of her 
oldest friends. Captain Kiyone Segrey was dressed in her uniform looking as 
official as ever. Since marrying Mastir, Kiyone had risen to the rank of captain 
and command over several special operations. Aside from her promotion, Kiyone 
had not really changed that much over the years. The only visible difference was 
the style of her hair. Her once long, teal strands now fell just to the middle 
of her neck. She hadn't really aged a day, either, since she had married Mastir 
and gained access to Jurai's secrets. After all, she was the wife of a now 
important Juraian nobleman and ambassador to the Galaxy Police, thus gaining all 
the station's privileges.

	Kiyone only gave her a half smile, which already told Sasami that this was 
bad news. "You have the results of the trial?"

	"Yeah," replied the GP.

	Sasami motioned for her to come in. The door closed, and she turned on the 
lights. The two women sat down at the dining table. "Better just tell me, 
Kiyone."

	Her friend reached out and touched her hand. "It's not good, Sasami. 
Ayeka, Shoytal, Tenchi, and Yosho have all been convicted of treason against the 
throne. They've all been sentenced to life imprisonment while awaiting 
execution."

	Sasami loosed a long sigh. "They'll be coming for me next." She looked 
Kiyone in the eyes. "I think it would be best if I left here as soon as 
possible."

	"You don't have to run, Sasami," Kiyone told her earnestly. "Listen, I've 
been talking with the commander of this station. We both agree that there is a 
good chance the Galaxy Police will give you asylum if you asked for it."

	The princess smiled at her friend, but shook her head all the same. 
"Kiyone, you know I have certain perspectives on things." Kiyone mirrored her 
smile at that comment. "I can't drag the Galaxy Police into what is going to 
undoubtedly become a Juraian civil war. To do that would destroy them and 
everything they stand for."

	Kiyone's smile became thin. "I had a feeling you were going to say 
something like that." She rose and moved behind Sasami. "All right, then I have 
another proposal for you."

	Sasami looked over her shoulder. "What?"

	"After you've had a chance to wake up, come by my room." Kiyone placed a 
hand on her right shoulder. "Mastir and I had an idea we should discuss. I'll 
see you in a bit." She gave her a light pat and left.

	Sasami continued to sit at the table for a few more minutes after Kiyone 
left. Something big was about to happen. And there was no doubt in her mind that 
it was centered at Jurai and around whomever this Gabriel was.

_____ 

	Rashoch watched as Azusa's eyes became completely white, signifying 
Gabriel's emergence. Gabriel leveled his pupil-less gaze on him. "Is everything 
ready?"

	"The prisoners are on their way to Druz," replied the madman with a grin. 
"I watched the ship leave myself."

	Gabriel crossed his legs and leaned back in the throne. "Excellent."

	Rashoch raised his hands and folded them behind his head. "Will we be 
graced with Azusa's presence any time soon?"

	"Not for some time," answered the presence within the Juraian Emperor. "He 
has served his purpose. I gave him his so called revenge and his body is home to 
the power he desired. Therefore, our agreement as I see it is at an end. 
Timerra, how is the Empire reacting to the trial?"

	Timerra walked past Rashoch to stand before her true master. "Those you 
have Touched follow without pause. Those who have not been Touched are reacting 
as you predicted. Certain military leaders still at large are consolidating 
their forces in preparation for civil war."

	Gabriel gave them a contented smile. "Perfect. Let them come. We control a 
large portion of the fleet, and there will be no help for the rebels this time." 
He chuckled. 

	"So now what?" sneered Rashoch. "Do we sit here, or start killing 
Juraians?"

	"Time to put things into motion." Gabriel returned his eyes to Rashoch. 
"Ashra, take a small force with you fetch Lady Tsunami. Mind you, she will be 
alerted to a possible attack, so she may already be on the move."

	"And if she escapes?" asked the lithe man.

	"Report back to me," replied Gabriel. "She will be mine eventually. Waste 
no time on this, Ashra."

	Ashra clicked his heels together and bowed deeply. "She is as good as 
yours, master." He turned and left the throne room.

	Rashoch snorted angrily. "And what the hell am I supposed to do?"

	"You, my dear Rashoch, will do exactly what you so gracefully said 
before." Gabriel leaned forward. "Prepare to start killing Juraians."

_____ 

	Despite the sinking feeling inside her, Sasami strode down the halls of 
the GP base with her head held high. She wore a pair of pearl white pants with a 
matching waist length jacket over a sea blue, collared blouse. GP's nodded and 
saluted her as they passed. After all, it was no secret what her station on 
Jurai was. It did not take long for her to reach Kiyone's room. She rang the 
buzzer, but there was no answer. Sasami rang it again with the same lack of 
response.

	"Kiyone?" she called through the door. "Mastir? Anyone home?"

	Suddenly the door opened and a small figure crashed head long into 
Sasami's legs. The princess and her assailant toppled backwards to land in a 
pile on the floor. Sasami brushed the hair out of her eyes and took at the child 
lying across her legs. Conner Segrey was the eight year old son of Kiyone and 
Mastir. He was fiercely rubbing the front of his short, teal haired head. When 
he looked up at her with his hazel eyes, he grinned sheepishly and jumped to his 
feet.

	"Sorry, Sasami!" he said hurriedly. The boy wore only a black shirt with 
red sleeves and a pair of slightly torn gray pants. "Gotta run!"

	He was about to take off down the hall, but the literal long arm of the 
law grabbed him by the back of the shirt. "Hold it right there, mister computer 
pirate," said Kiyone sternly. She looked past her son down at the grounded 
princess. "Sorry, Sasami."

	"It's all right," she replied with a smile. "No harm done." Sasami climbed 
back to her feet and looked down at the captured child. "What happened?"

	Kiyone leveled an experienced scowl at the back of Conner's head. 
"Somebody decided it would be a good idea to hack into the base's mainframe and 
start messing around with the duty rosters."

	Conner shrugged innocently. "Hey, all I did was give every officer a three 
in the morning wake up call."

	"Sure," said his mother with a slow nod. "Let's go, you little hacker. 
Time to fix whatever it is you did." Kiyone pulled him back inside with Sasami 
following close behind.

	The Segrey family's quarters was laid out similarly to hers with the 
exception of a couple more rooms. Sasami took a seat at the dining table and 
listened as Kiyone lectured Conner at the other end of the domicile. A few 
minutes later the teal haired GP emerged and dropped into the seat next to her. 

	"I need a drink," she sighed, yet laughed at the same time. "I love that 
kid to death, but I'm beginning to think he'll be the end of me. I don't know if 
I'm going to survive his teenage years."

	The front door slid open seconds later, and Mastir Segrey entered the 
room. The former Royal Guardsman now Ambassador walked in with a confused look 
on his blond bearded face. Kiyone's husband was dressed in well tailored Juraian 
robes. He wore a deep brown outer robe over a pair of dark red pants that 
billowed at the ankles, a black waist sash trimmed in gray, and a dark red shirt 
collared in black.

	"The oddest thing just happened," he was saying. "I was in the base's 
command center, and all the computers suddenly started playing that obnoxious 
new music video that's all over the Vid Net." He stopped and kissed his wife 
briefly. "Damn odd."

	"Not odd," replied Kiyone. "Just the antics of our little computer pirate. 
Conner hacked the mainframe."

	Mastir raised an eyebrow. "Really? Should I have a talk with him?"

	"No," Kiyone said simply. "I just tore all the cables out of his computer 
console and threatened to shoot the whole damn thing if he did it again." She 
gave him a triumphant smile.

	The Ambassador shrugged, stepped behind his wife, and placed a hand on 
each of her shoulders. "I guess I'll just have a father son talk with him during 
our next training session." He looked over at Sasami and gave her a warm smile. 
"Hi, Sasami. I don't really know what to say about the trial. Part of me wishes 
I had been there to defend Her Majesty, but I also know that I'm doing my part 
by being out here."

	The princess returned the smile. "Thanks, Mastir. I'm sure Kiyone has told 
you I plan on leaving as soon as possible."

	He nodded. "Yes. That's what we want to talk to you about. If you aren't 
going to accept sanctuary, then we have another suggestion for you."

	Sasami could see where this was going. She looked at the pair seriously. 
"I can take care of myself, you two. If you haven't forgotten I have, no am, 
what may be the most powerful battleship in this galaxy."

	"Damn divine intuition," muttered Kiyone with a smirk. "We're only worried 
about you, Sasami. Except for us, there isn't that much help out there for you 
right now. Earth is blockaded by at least two thousand Juraian battleships that 
are somehow keeping Ryoko and the others in check. That, and any factions still 
loyal to Ayeka are in no condition right now to protect you."

	"Thanks you guys, but no thanks," Sasami told them as she rose from the 
table. 

	The princess walked to the door and opened it to leave. She would have 
continued right out of the room if there hadn't been someone blocking her path. 
A man who was about six foot one with short brown hair and green eyes stood 
there with his right hand raised to knock on the door. His face was strong and 
slightly rounded with a barely noticeable cleft in his chin. He was dressed in 
what Sasami assumed used to be a version of a GP uniform. He still had the light 
gray pants with a pair of what might have once been GP issue blasters holstered 
at his sides. The rest of his attire seemed anything but regulation. His dark 
navy collared shirt was opened at the base of the neck, sans red tie, with a 
non-regulation brown and black jacket over it. If she looked closely enough, 
Sasami could slightly make out a rank badge on the shirt.

	"It's about time, Riley," said Kiyone from behind. 

	The man named Riley snapped to attention and saluted. "Sorry, Captain, but 
I got a little side tracked." Sasami stepped aside so that he could enter the 
room.

	Kiyone saluted back and gestured to him at the same time. "Sasami Masaki, 
meet First Class Detective Rilienus Keshera. You're new bodyguard."

	"Just call me Riley," finished the detective. "Easier on the mouth." He 
extended his right hand to her.

	Sasami shook his hand slowly. "Nice to meet you, Riley, but I believe 
there has been a change in plans. I will not be requiring your services."

	Riley looked over at his superior office. "Uh, Captain? I know I was a 
little late, but come on. You don't have to pull me off of the assignment."

	"Oh no, it's not that," Sasami told him. "I just do not wish a bodyguard, 
is all." She looked back at Kiyone and Mastir with a warm smile. "Thanks again, 
you guys, but I really need to get out of here." Before anyone could say another 
word she was already half way down the hall.

_____ 

	Ashra smiled as the GP starbase came into view. Including his ship, there 
were about five hundred battleships now floating in front of the base. He 
clicked on the COM system from his command chair. "Destroy all enemy ships 
first. Then we will board the station and take the princess."

	All at once the tree ships opened fire.

_____ 

	Sasami was nearly at the turbolift, when she felt a twinge of Light Hawk 
Power nearby. She stopped in mid stride in an attempt to identify it. It didn't 
feel like anyone from her family. Before she could think any further on the 
subject, the base was rocked by a series of explosions. Alarms went off, and the 
lighting all around her became red. 

	"All officers report to battle stations!" came a voice over the intercom. 
"The base is under attack! Repeat! The base is under attack!" The entire base 
shook, causing Sasami to lose her balance and fall to her knees.

	"Oh, no!" she whispered. "They're here already!" The princess tried to get 
to her feet, but the continuous shaking would not allow it.

	"Sasami!" came Kiyone's shout from down the hall. The GP captain followed 
by her husband, son, and Riley were running towards her.

	It took a moment, but with Kiyone's help Sasami was soon standing again. 
"You see!" shouted Sasami over the alarms. "They're here for me! I have to get 
out of here before more damage is done!"

	Kiyone pulled a communicator from her belt and started shouting into it. 
"This is Captain Segrey! What the hell is going on out there?"

	"We've got a Juraian flotilla blowing up everything in sight, Ma'am!" 
answered a voice over the communicator. "We've got few ships fighting back, but 
they're not doing much damage!"

	"Shit," cursed Kiyone. She looked at everyone around her. "All right then. 
Let's try and get to Yagami and get the hell out of here."

	Seeing no other choice, Sasami nodded and followed along. The small group 
decided against using the turbolift and just used the stairs. When they arrived 
at the hanger level, Sasami could hear the base's defensive weapons firing 
repeatedly at the attackers. The base was suddenly rocked by an extremely 
violent explosion causing everyone to brace themselves. 

	"Intruder alert!" shouted someone over the intercom. "Intruders on levels 
three, eight, and H-two."

	Kiyone readied her blaster. "H-two. That's our level." Mastir pulled out 
his swords and ignited their silver blades. Riley unholstered the blaster at his 
right side and powered it up.

	All heads spun around as blaster fire echoed from down the hall. Not two 
seconds later at least twenty Juraian soldiers turned the corner firing their 
guns at retreating Galaxy Police officers. Kiyone fired off a couple of shots. 
"We can't stay here! We need to get Sasami off the base!"

	Riley had both guns out now and was firing at the advancing group. "What 
do you suggest, Ma'am!"

	Blaster bolts started exploding on the walls near them. The first of the 
Juraians reached them, but a blur that was Mastir downed them immediately. 
Sasami tried to think of how to escape, but the chaos only served to shatter any 
focus she had. It had been years since she had been around live combat, and even 
then she had been a little girl at the time. She tried to make her legs move, 
but they only wanted to stay planted to the floor. A storm of blaster fire 
rained down around her, and the princess covered her head and screamed. The wall 
to her left suddenly exploded, causing debris to fly in all directions. One 
rather large piece connected with the side of her head, knocking Sasami out 
cold.

_____ 

	Kiyone saw Sasami go down and cursed loudly. Keeping herself in front of 
Conner, the GP continued to shoot at the ever increasing number of Juraians. 
More officers had appeared as back up, but even with the extra guns they were 
barely keeping the Juraians at bay.

	"Riley!" she shouted over the firefight. The detective looked over from 
his position behind a bulkhead. "Get over here!"

	He easily ducked and dodged his way over to her. He threw himself up 
against the wall and resumed fire. "What?" he shouted back.

	Kiyone grabbed him by the front of his shirt and looked him in the eyes. 
"You are one of the best undercover cops I've ever seen. I want you to take 
Sasami, use your connections, and disappear until this mess is all sorted out. 
Got me?"

	Riley's casual demeanor vanished to be replaced by a professional's. He 
holstered the gun in his right hand and saluted. "Yes, Ma'am."

	He was about to go for Sasami's prone form, but Kiyone held him fast. "And 
Riley. If even one hair on her is harmed, it's your ass."

	His cool smile returned. "Don't worry, Captain. She's in my capable 
hands." He holstered his other gun and quickly dove for the princess before 
Kiyone could even blink. 

	The detective rolled over Sasami, took her in his arms, rolled back to his 
feet, and took off down the hall away from the fight. "Good luck," whispered 
Kiyone. 

	Mastir was suddenly in Riley's place. Her husband had lost his outer robe 
and sported a few singe marks here and there. "Darling, I believe it's time for 
us to leave. Unfortunately this base is lost, and nothing will be accomplished 
if we die here."

	Kiyone squeezed off a few more shots at the attackers. "I know," she said 
finally. "Let's get as many people as we can and make a run for Yagami. Conner, 
stay close to your father." A Juraian made a mad dash for their position. 

	A quick shot from Kiyone pegged him right in the head. She then took aim 
at the ceiling between her forces and the Juraians. Other officers joined her in 
firing at it. Soon the entire section collapsed, blocking the advancement of the 
invaders. The teal haired captain holstered her weapon and turned to her men and 
women. "The base is lost. Get to your ships and head for the nearest Galaxy 
Police stations. We need to alert High Command of this incident immediately."

	They all saluted her. "Yes, Ma'am!" Each officer took off down the hall 
for the remaining hangers.

	Mastir returned his swords to his belt and took Conner's hand. He gave his 
wife a half smile. "Good speech, Captain. One question remains, though. How do 
we get past that fleet out there?"

	Kiyone answered his smile with one of her own. "Easy. Star Flare 
missiles."

_____ 

	Ashra flew past the blaster fire around him to suddenly appear amidst a 
pack of GP's. With one swift swing of his energy sword, they were all dead. He 
signaled at the troops behind him to advance. As they moved past him, the 
communicator at his belt started beeping. He grabbed the beeping item and raised 
it to his mouth. 

	"What?" he demanded.

	"We have some ships trying to escape the base, sir. What should we do?"

	"The princess may be on one of them," he told the man on the other end. 
"Scan and pursue each ship with possible readings that may be her."

	"Yes, si...aaaaaahhhhhhhh!"

	Ashra gripped the communicator tighter. "What's going on?"

	"One of the ships just launched a series of Star Flare missiles!" was the 
soldier's reply. "Our systems are temporarily shot! We can't fire, track, or 
move!"

	"Damn," hissed Ashra. "Make sure you have all scanning information prior 
to the missile attack. I want estimated headings for all the escaping vessels."

"Yes, sir!"

	He clicked off the communicator and returned it to his belt. "Damn," he 
hissed again.

_____ 

	"Communication coming in from Ashra, my lord," announced Timerra. 

	Gabriel opened his eyes and looked down from his throne. "Put him 
through." A view screen appeared before him. "Report."

	"The attack on the Galaxy Police base was successful, master," he said. 
"Unfortunately some ships were able to escape. Evidence leads me to believe that 
the princess was on one of them."

	Gabriel started tapping his chin. "Were you able to track the escaping 
ships?"

	Ashra looked hesitant to speak. "We have been able to come up with several 
possible destinations for each vessel."

	"Proceed with tracking each one, Ashra," said Gabriel after a moment. "And 
remember, Ashra, we need Tsunami alive. Kill anyone else you have to, but 
everything will be for not if her avatar dies."

	"Yes, master," replied Ashra with a bowed head. 

	The screen vanished, and Gabriel looked back down at Timerra. "What is the 
progress on the Ark?"

	"Construction is going as planned," she answered. "Everything will be 
completed as you desired."

	Gabriel folded his hands and smiled. "Excellent. Continue as instructed."

	She bowed deeply, turned, and left the throne room. Gabriel closed his 
eyes again. Azusa's consciousness struggled deep down inside, but it was a 
useless fight. "Go to sleep, Azusa. Accept the fact that your paranoia has led 
to the destruction of everything you hold dear." The entity within the Juraian 
Emperor threw his head back and laughed victoriously.

_____ 

	When she finally clawed her way back to consciousness, Sasami was first 
greeted by a splitting headache. Mumbling a few choice phrases, she slowly rose 
up into a sitting position. One look around the room, and it was obvious that 
she was no longer on the GP starbase. The last thing she remembered was the 
firefight on the hanger level. Now she seemed to be in a small room with only a 
bed and a closet. Keeping one hand out for balance and the other pressed up 
against the right side of her head, Sasami got to her feet and walked to the 
door.

	By this point she recognized the feel of space travel around her. And from 
the occasional bumpiness, it was clear that the ship was in hyperspace. She 
could also tell that she was aboard a Galaxy Police cruiser from the basic 
structure of the hall. After another moment of getting her bearings, the 
princess walked down the well lit metallic hallway towards where she assumed the 
cockpit was. With her legs and head not quite cooperating yet, it took her some 
time, but Sasami was finally able to reach her supposed destination.

	She stopped in front of the access door and hit its control panel. The 
door slid open only to reveal a single person in the pilot's chair. "Oh, man," 
groaned Sasami.

	Riley spun around in the chair all smiles. "Good afternoon, princess. I 
was wondering when you were going to come around." He got to his feet and made a 
deep bow. "Allow me to officially welcome you aboard my ship, the Phoenix Star."

	Doing her best not to fall over, Sasami walked into the cockpit and 
dropped into the seat in front of what looked like the navigator's station. "How 
long have I been unconscious?"

	Riley resumed his seat and folded his arms behind his head. "Oh, I'd say 
about five or six hours."

	Sasami started to lean heavily on her right hand. "Listen, Riley, I meant 
what I said earlier about a bodyguard. It would be better for everyone if I was 
on my own."

	The detective shook his head slightly. "Sorry, princess, but no can do. 
I've got to get you good and lost until this whole mess is over. Captain 
Segrey's orders."

	The aqua haired woman looked at him through the fingers of her right hand. 
"If you're worried about Kiyone, I'll deal with her when the time comes for 
explanations." She took a deep breath and stood up. "Therefore, I would 
appreciate it if you would please take us out of hyperspace so that I can get on 
my way." The ship barely lurched, but it was enough to cause her to completely 
lose her balance.

	Riley was there instantly to catch her inches from hitting the floor. "I 
don't think you're up to going anywhere, right now," he told her. The detective 
threw her right arm over his shoulder, allowing most of her weight to rest on 
him.

	With her head pounding and vision beginning to blur, Sasami could not 
really argue the point. "I think you're right," she said in a quiet voice. 
Unable to stand on her own, Sasami allowed him to walk her back to the room she 
had woken up in.

	When they arrived, Riley gently laid her back down on the bed. "A medical 
scan says you're just a little shaken up from shock, so I suggest you get a few 
more hours of sleep. Just ring me on the intercom when you're feeling up to it, 
and I'll come by with some food." He turned off the lights on his way out the 
door.

	Lying down in the darkness, Sasami stared up at the direction of the 
ceiling. "I'll just let him take me to wherever it is he's going," she told 
herself. "Once we arrive, I'm summoning my ship and getting away." With her mind 
made up, the princess closed her eyes and drifted back to sleep.


To be continued...


Notes- enter Sasami. Hope everyone's enjoying this so far. Any questions or 
comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com


	
		

	

	
	

	 
	
