Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin

"No Need for a Coup"


	It seemed to be yet another boring shift for officer Hojit on the Galaxy 
Police maximum security prison base 00245. The GP scratched his orange haired 
head while he read the data pad in his hands. According to the pad there was 
nothing exciting on the week's schedule. Nothing but routine cell checks and 
database scans. He tossed the pad onto his desk and simply stared down the long 
silver hall that was the cellblock.

	Door outlines could be made out on the walls of the long hall. A small 
beep sounded in his ear, and a view screen appeared. The screen showed one of 
his colleagues standing at the entrance to the cellblock. "Prepare for retinal, 
astral, and voice scans," he told the other officer.

	"Third Class Detective Keelsi," announced the short, blue haired woman in 
the view screen. All three scans checked out, and Hojit opened the door.

	Keelsi walked in and placed a tray of coffee and tea on the desk. "Here's 
your coffee, Hojit."

	He reached out and took a small sip from a steel mug. "Thanks, Keel. Hear 
anything interesting while you were getting these?"

	The female GP shook her head. "Nope. No new prisoners coming in and no 
one's going out. Just another boring week." She sipped some tea. "I really wish 
we could get an assignment with some real action, instead of just watching these 
busted crooks. I mean, someone else gets all the glory for the bust, and we just 
sit here and do their dirty work."

	"I here ya," agreed Hojit. He placed his mug down and started to loosen 
his orange tie. "Is it getting a little warm in here, or is it just me?"

	Before Keelsi could answer, there was a blast of white light from down the 
hall. Both GP's jumped, spilling the contents of their drinks in the process. 
Their eyes went wide when a large, white circle appeared right in the middle of 
the hall.

	Hojit pulled out a blaster, as did Keelsi. The two of them slowly advanced 
on the strange circle. Hojit stiffened as a figure suddenly stepped out of the 
circle. It was a woman! She was dressed in some red and orange outfit with a 
sleeveless, gray trench coat.

	"Freeze!" shouted Keelsi. "You are in a restricted area! Place your hands 
on your head and prepare to be detained!" The woman kept walking towards them. 
"I mean it!" Keelsi shouted again.

	Finally, Keelsi fired a shot at the strange woman. Hojit could only watch 
as the woman seemed to blur past the yellow blast and continue forward. Keelsi 
tried to get off another shot, but the woman merely whipped her long, brown 
braid at the female GP. Keelsi didn't even have time to cry out as the braid 
wrapped around her neck, snapping it instantly.

	"Keelsi!" he screamed. Hojit immediately started firing at the murderess 
in front of him. He continued to shout and shoot right up until she killed him, 
too.

_____ 

	Azusa stepped out of the portal. He nodded slightly at Timerra's work. 
Zorin and Ashra entered after him. "Nicely done, Timerra. Just remember that the 
Daughter of Washu will be much stronger."

	She bowed her head. "Yes, Lord Azusa."

	"Ashra, find the cell," he ordered.

	"Right away, sir." The lithe man quickly walked over to the desk and 
accessed the cell rosters. "Cell number XZVJ-657." A keyboard appeared on the 
desk. "I'll light it up."

	Two seconds later one cell door down the hall began flashing red. Azusa 
slowly walked over and stopped before it. "Zorin."

	The bald man walked up and punched his hand through the door. Next he 
retracted his arm and the entire door with it. Zorin tossed it away and stepped 
aside to allow Azusa to enter the cell. The interior of the cell was just about 
the size of an extra large broom closet. Sitting huddled in a corner next to a 
bed was a short old man. His head was completely bald, and his graybeard was 
styled in what could only be described as curled octopus tentacles. He looked up 
and stared at the Juraian with one wild eye.

	"Who are who are who are you?" he babbled. "You're not the food man. No, 
you are not the man who brings the food."

	Azusa stepped forward and laid his right hand on the old man's head. "Time 
for you to remember, Doctor Clay." 

	Clay was suddenly surrounded by a white glow edged in black. Soon his one 
good eye was focused and serious. When the glow faded, Azusa stepped back and 
motioned for Clay to rise. "I've awakened your mind once again. I have also 
given you the knowledge of the past twenty years and certain instructions. Do 
you understand everything?"

	The small scientist slowly got to his feet. His eye blinked as he stared 
up at Azusa. "I understand the things I have seen, Emperor. Or should I say..."

	"No you should not say," interrupted Azusa. "Certain things have been 
revealed to you because you were already familiar with Tokimi."

	"*Lady* Tokimi," sneered Clay. "It was because of her that have been 
incarcerated here for the past twenty years. She could have freed me, but since 
I failed to capture...Washu...I was punished. Because I knew of her, that damned 
D3 wiped my memory."

	"Believe me, Doctor," assured Azusa. "You will not only have your revenge 
on Tokimi, but you will have a chance to even the score with Washu as well."

	Clay started to chuckle lightly. "Then what are we waiting for? If you 
want it done, I have to get started on the little project you want."

	Azusa smiled darkly. "Good. Just remember whom you now serve, Doctor."

	The small scientist walked past him into the hall. "Oh, do not worry, Lord 
Azusa. I know exactly whom I serve."

	The Juraian's smile quickly vanished. He glowered at Clay for a moment. 
"Just do as you are told, Clay."

	The Doctor looked over the other three in the hall. "As I said, do not 
worry. My thirst for revenge will keep me focused, Lord Azusa. Now, would you 
please show me out of this place?"

	Azusa stepped back into the hallway. He looked past the gathered group and 
summoned a new portal. "That portal will take you to your old lab. I will 
contact you when the next stage of the plan is complete."

	Clay tapped his fingers together. "I will await your call. Until then," he 
said with a slight bow before entering the portal. 

	The portal closed, and Azusa turned to his servants. "There can be no 
evidence. Destroy the station."

_____ 

	Tenchi's head suddenly shot up. Dinner had just ended, and he was sitting 
in the living room playing with Achika. Two sets of footsteps came running down 
the stairs, and a mental tingle signaled Ryoko's teleportation into the room. 
Tenchi looked over his shoulder to meet the eyes of Rei, Hiro, and Ryoko. 

	"You felt it, too?" he asked.

	The twins nodded. "That couldn't be what I think it is?" suggested Ryoko. 
"Could it?"

	"I don't see how," he told her. "I don't see how."

_____ 

	Deep in her lab, Washu sat surrounded by holographic keyboards and view 
screens. She watched carefully as her scanners received the newest data from 
across the galaxy. A screen to her left began spiking with abnormal readings. 
Washu banished all the others to focus on that one. The readings continued to 
grow in strength and soon there was more than one.

	"Strange," she said quietly. A new view screen appeared showing the living 
room. Tenchi, Ryoko, Rei, and Hiro were all there. "Very strange." 

_____ 

	Somewhere deep in space, at place where the dimensional barriers were very 
thin, a white portal appeared. One by one Azusa and his three servants exited 
the portal. "That was pretty fun," commented Ashra.

	"Yes," agreed Zorin. "Good exorcise."

	Timerra ignored her companions and floated over to Azusa. "Why are we at 
this place, my Lord Azusa?"

	The four were floating above a golden walled canal spewing water off into 
space. The canal seemed to stretch for endless miles towards a bright center far 
off in the distance. Around the canal were assortments of different objects from 
what could only be space trees, to small planetoids, space debree, and many 
other strange structures. 

	"Where is this place?" asked Ashra.

	"This was where Tokimi used to keep her temple," explained Azusa. He 
scanned the many things in the space around the canal. "We have come here to 
retrieve a special person." He motioned, and the others followed as he flew on.

	They passed by numerous small planets until Azusa finally stopped in front 
of a tree with its roots entangled around a large, black crystal. He released a 
small white blast that incinerated the tree, leaving the crystal untouched. The 
crystal started to faintly glow.

	*Are you sure this is necessary?*

	*Yes,* said the voice in Azusa's mind. *If we are to be successful, we 
will need his power. Now free him, Azusa.* With an obvious frown, the Juraian 
raised his right hand to the crystal. Another beam of white power shot out, 
impacting on the surface. Azusa lowered his hand and waited. 

	All at once a web of cracks appeared on the crystal's surface. Everyone 
except Azusa flinched as the crystal exploded to reveal a screaming man. The man 
continued to point his face upwards and scream for several more moments. When he 
finally ceased, he lowered his face to look at them. Wearing just loose black 
pants and a shirt of the same color, this man gave off an aura of extreme power 
and danger. He was easily six feet tall with onyx black hair that stood three 
inches straight up. His right green eye and left blue eye stared back at them 
all with obvious insanity. His sharp features broke into a large, thin smile.

	"Where is she?" he asked calmly.

	"Where is who?" replied Ashra. 

	"TOKIMI!!!!" the man screamed in rage. Before anyone else could respond he 
loosed a horrific roar. "RRRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!"

	Azusa only blinked once and five, fiery black Light Hawk Wings exploded 
from the man. The fiery Wings passed over to encase him in all black Light Hawk 
Armor. When he leveled his insane gaze back on them, there were five misshapen 
triangles on his forehead. "Now tell me where she is!" he demanded.

	"Dead," replied Azusa. "Killed by Tsunami's Knight."

	"NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!" he roared. "She was *mine* to kill!" He 
flew forward to be face to face with Azusa. "Where is the Knight of Tsunami?" 
asked man in a suddenly calm voice. "At least I can still be the one to kill 
him."

	"All in good time, Rashoch," assured Azusa. "There is just one more thing 
to be done before we go after him."

	Rashoch floated back several feet. His eyes thinned dangerously. "How do 
you know my name?"

	Azusa smiled at him. "I have been given knowledge to a great many things, 
my boy. And I will be all too happy to tell you everything as long as you pledge 
your allegiance."

	"I serve no one," sneered Rashoch. "I refused to be Tokimi's tool, and I 
refuse to be your errand boy." Light Hawk Power began flowing over his body.

	"Perhaps I used an incorrect term," Azusa started to explain. "I merely 
require your services. After all, by working with me you can achieve both your 
revenge and destiny. I can also tell you a great many things about yourself."

	Rashoch ceased his power build up. He looked Azusa up and down. "I know 
you," he said finally. "Tokimi once told me about you."

	"I am the Emperor of Jurai," stated Azusa angrily. "Of course you know who 
I am."

	"Fine," Rashoch said followed by a small fit of mad giggling. "Let's 
talk."

	Azusa felt his new power boil within him. "Excellent."

_____ 

	Empress Ayeka Jurai was sitting in a secluded part of the Royal Gardens 
watching her husband train with their thirteen year old son. She wore a simple 
all white kimono with golden sleeves and a silver waist sash. Standing to her 
sides were three of her personal guard. Verka Jeheden, Gerin Iost, and Nunar 
Araol all stood at attention in their armor. The sun shone down brightly on the 
green gardens, making it a perfect day on the planet Jurai.

	The grassy clearing was surrounded by lush green hedges sporting 
assortments of different colored roses. The Empress and her guards were off to 
the side, while her husband and son dueled in the center. Shoytal Ruhanal Jurai, 
bare chested and wearing only a pair of baggy, white training pants, faced off 
against his son Daisar Jurai. The tall dark haired Juraian Lord advanced with 
his training bo.

	Daisar quickly parried the attack with his training sword while backing 
away. The teenage boy stood at about five foot eight with dark purple hair that 
fell to his shoulders styled in normal Juraian fashion. His build was currently 
thin, but with the potential to be broad shouldered like his father. He was 
dressed the same as Shoytal, but he wore a white vest as well. The prince 
reacted as quickly as possible to his father's attacks, but the former Captain 
of the Royal Guard was too fast. Shoytal easily batted his son's practice sword 
from his hands and leveled the bo at his neck.

	"Keep trying, Daisar," Ayeka called out. "Remember, you are still 
learning." The prince gave her a small smile and readied himself for the next 
round.

	"He is getting better," commented Verka. "I think he'll win one any day 
now."

	Ayeka smiled proudly. "Of course he will. He is a First Crown Prince of 
Jurai's Royal Family. That and he has my fighting spirit." The Empress heard a 
small beeping noise from her left.

	Gerin lifted up a communicator to his mouth. "Yeah? Hang on. Incoming 
message, Empress. They say it's your mother. Should I put it through?"

	She straightened in her seat. "Of course, Gerin." 

	The red headed knight nodded. "Okay, send it over."

	A view screen appeared in front of Ayeka with Misaki's visage in it. 
"Hello, mother," greeted the Empress with a smile. "How are you?"

	Misaki smiled back. "I'm fine, darling, but this isn't a social call." The 
former Queen had a worried look behind the smile. "I was wondering if you've 
seen your father at all?"

	That question took Ayeka by surprise. She leaned forward towards the 
screen. "That is an odd thing to ask me, mother. Father has been incapable of 
self movement for years. What has happened?"

	Her mother's face became increasingly worried. "Your father has 
disappeared. When I went to check on him after my bath this morning, his guards 
were gone and his chair was empty."

	"Have any ships arrived or left recently?" Ayeka asked. 

	Misaki shook her head. "No. No ship has left here for days." The aqua 
haired woman's face was becoming more stricken. "I don't know what to do, 
Ayeka."

	Ayeka kept her face strong and her voice even when she spoke next. "Stay 
calm, mother. I will look into this immediately. I will have the space between 
here and Caprila IV patrolled for unusual activity."

	"Thank you, Ayeka," Misaki said with relief. "I knew you would be able to 
handle this. Please call me when you hear something."

	Ayeka gave her mother a reassuring smile. "Worry not, mother. I will let 
you know as soon as I find something out." Misaki waved goodbye before the 
screen blinked away. Ayeka looked over to Gerin. "Open a link to Admiral Judroa, 
please."

_____ 

	Shoytal baited Daisar with an opening to his mid section, but the boy 
didn't fall for it. *Good,* he thought. *He's learning.* With his ruse passed 
up, the Juraian Lord attacked his son with a series thrusts to the head. 

	Daisar parried each thrust, but he never counter attacked. "Remember, my 
son, after a parry look to counter attack. When an opponent has just attacked, 
he is always slightly vulnerable."

	"Yes, father," answered the young prince. 

	Shoytal lowered his weapon to signal the end of the match. "I think we've 
practiced enough today." He walked over and ruffled his son's hair. "You're 
doing well, Daisar. Both I and your mother are proud of your progress in both 
your training and your studies."

	The teen returned the compliment with a slightly embarrassed smile. "Thank 
you, father. I only wish to do my best for the family."

	The knight put his right arm around the boy's shoulder. "That is all we 
expect of you, Daisar. As long as you put forward your best in everything, we 
will always be proud of you. Now, let us go and see your mother." The two turned 
and walked over to where Ayeka was sitting with her guards.

	When he was close enough, Shoytal could overhear her current conversation. 
"So you understand, Admiral?"

	"Yes, Empress," came Admiral Judroa's voice from the view screen. "How 
should I deploy the fleet in this matter?"

	Ayeka bowed her head slightly. "Use your discression, Admiral. We have 
plenty of new third generation ships. I feel safe in deploying a good amount."

	"As you wish. Good day, Empress." 

The view screen disappeared, and Ayeka looked over to notice them. "Finished 
already?"

	"He's learned enough today," replied her husband. "Even warriors and 
knights need rest in order to be strong. What were you speaking to Admiral 
Judroa about?"

	Ayeka rose to walk over to them. She stopped and placed a gentle arm 
around her son. "My father has gone missing. I have asked the Admiral to search 
the Caprilla system." 

	"What is the fleet status?" asked her husband.
 
The Empress gave him a confident smile. "We are currently at eighty five 
percent. With the help of Tsunami, Ryu-oh, Funaho, and some of the other 
remaining second generation ships we have been able to rebuild the fleet in 
record time. The last of the first generation ships newly born from Tsunami are 
still developing, but we have a decent amount of completed second generation 
ships more than enough functioning third generation ships to make the fleet a 
force to be reckoned with."

Ayeka sniffed her husband and son and made a face. "Now, I want you both to go 
and get cleaned up. You smell terrible, and I want you both to look your best 
when the delegation from the Trade Union Guild arrives later..." The last part 
of her sentence was cut off by an explosion.

	All heads turned just in time to see a series of explosions rise up from 
the Imperial Palace. "What in the name of Tsunami is that?" gasped Ayeka.

	"Verka," Shoytal said quickly. The large knight nodded and tossed the Lord 
his double bladed tree weapon. "Nunar, you're with me. Verka and Gerin stay with 
the Empress and the Prince until you hear from me."

	The other two knights saluted. "Yes, sir!"

	Shoytal dropped his practice bo and gripped his sword hilt tightly. He 
started to go, when Ayeka grabbed his right arm. "Please be careful, Shoytal."

	He gave her a strong smile followed by a brief kiss before running off 
with Nunar at his side. The two of them made quick time through the garden back 
to the Palace itself. The moment they arrived, a scene of chaos greeted them. 
Juraian soldiers were fighting Juraian soldiers!

	"What is going on?" Shoytal muttered to himself. He motioned to Nunar, and 
they quickly scaled the nearest set of stairs into the Palace.

	The halls were filled with fighting. Shoytal was taken by surprise when a 
knight charged him with an ignited tree weapon. Blue blades flashed to life as 
the Juraian Lord parried the initial charge, disarmed his foe, and knocked him 
unconscious with a swift blow to the head.

	"Regent!" called someone from within the fight. He looked over to see 
Yisfey Kinalra, one of the Palace's guard captains, running to him.

	"What's going on, Captain?" demanded Shoytal. 

	The captain stopped with roughly a dozen men laying cover fire down behind 
him. "It's a rebellion, my lord. A good portion of the stationed troops in the 
city suddenly attacked the Palace. We thought we could keep them out, but there 
were several powerful warriors among them that completely destroyed our 
defenses. We tried contacting you and the Empress, but all Palace communications 
have been jammed."

	Shoytal looked past the man to see what he assumed to be loyal troops gain 
the upper hand enough to force the rebels out of the area. "How many are still 
loyal to us?"

	Yisfey straightened and saluted. "Myself and my men will always be loyal 
to our Empress, Lord Shoytal."

	The Juraian Lord clasped him on the shoulder. "Good man. Now, gather as 
many men as you can and take up defensive positions in the rear portions of the 
Palace. Do we still have open paths to the space trees and the shuttle bay?"

	"If not, we can make them," Yisfey told him. He emphasized the point by 
lifting and powering up a plasma rifle. 

	"Then prepare your men," ordered Shoytal. "I'm going to get Her Majesty."

_____ 

	Ayeka paced impatiently as another series of explosions went up from the 
Palace and now around the city itself. Her dark pink eyes thinned at the fiery 
plumes rising up into the sky. "Enough is enough." She spun around to those 
standing behind her. "Watch, Daisar," she told Verka and Gerin. "I'm going in 
there."

	"Empress, we cannot allow that," Verka insisted.

	Ayeka raised an eyebrow at him. She opened her right hand, and a blue ball 
of energy appeared in her right palm. "We all know I can take care of myself, 
Verka."

	"That is besides the point," came Shoytal's voice from behind. 

	She spun around to see him burst through the bushes. The Empress rushed to 
her husband's side. "What's going on?"

	"Rebellion," was his response. "There are no clues as to why or who is 
behind it. The only thing that currently matters is getting you and Daisar to 
safety."

	"Like hell I'm leaving," snapped Ayeka. "I've worked too hard to rebuild 
the Empire, and I'll be damned with Tokimi before I let something like this 
chase me away."

	With her temper flaring the way it was, she almost punched Shoytal when he 
laid a steadying hand on her shoulder. "This is not the Goddess War, Ayeka. We 
aren't fighting to retake. We're fighting to protect, and the Empire can only be 
protected as long as you and Daisar survive."

	"I know," she relented at last. "The Royal family must survive." The 
Empress straightened her kimono and leveled her leader's gaze on him. "Where do 
we go from here?"

	"First I get you two to the shuttle bay so you can escape," he explained. 
"After that I'll take command and settle things here."

	Ayeka favored him with a playful smirk. "Getting rid of the dead weight to 
go off and have all the fun." The couple started laughing, but a cough 
interrupted them.

	"Excuse me," interjected Gerin. "Can we please go now? I don't want to get 
caught out here if the enemy gets this far."

	Shoytal smiled at her without looking at Gerin. "For once he's right. 
Let's go." The smile disappeared as he looked at the other two knights. "The 
fighting is serious. Watch Daisar closely."

	"But, father!" The young prince ran forward. "I'm ready to fight. I want 
to help."

	Ayeka was the one to answer his plea. "I know you want to help, my little 
one, but you are the future of the Empire. You can do the most good by staying 
safe. Do you understand me?" She gently caressed his face.

	"I do, mother," he said quietly, although, his burgundy eyes said 
otherwise. 

	There was a pair of hisses as Shoytal activated his tree weapon. "All 
right. Let's go."

	It did not take them too long to reach the defense perimeter that had been 
set up within the Palace. Captain Yisfey was waiting for them. He bowed his head 
as soon as he saw Ayeka. "Empress, it relieves me to see you safe."

	"Thank you , Captain," she replied. "How is our path to the shuttle bay?"

	"The rebels are trying to overrun our positions, but we are holding firm," 
he reported. 

	"What of those powerful warriors you mentioned earlier?" asked Shoytal. 

	"They have not been seen near the Palace since the initial attack," the 
captain told them. "Incoming reports place them currently attacking the 
spaceports."

	"What powerful warriors?" Ayeka moved between Shoytal and the captain. 
"What are you talking about?"

	Shoytal waved her off. "Later. We have to move now, while the opportunity 
is here. Captain, lead the way."

	Surrounded by thirty heavily armed Juraian knights, the Royal family made 
its way down the polished, white marble walls of the Imperial Palace. The 
explosions that had rocked the very foundation itself had stopped a short time 
ago. Defensive checkpoint after defensive checkpoint was simply on standby. 
During the trek to the shuttle bay, Ayeka's mind was trying to grasp what was 
going on.

	Why had this rebellion suddenly occurred? What or who was behind this? The 
Empire was just as strong as it had ever been, and Juraians of all stations were 
thriving. As far as she knew there were no sufficient reasons for a rebellion, 
unless someone had political ambitions that required her demise. And if that was 
the case, then the culprit would soon find his or her head on a pike on display 
at the Palace front gates.

	The small force stopped on the sixth floor of the Palace someplace in the 
northeastern wing. Straight ahead was a passage that extended outside across the 
sky right to the Palace's shuttle bay. "The walkway looks clear," reported a 
knight. In the distance there were sounds of battle.

	"Everyone stay alert," ordered Shoytal. The sound of weapons being drawn 
or ignited and rifles being powered up filled the air. 

	Ever so slowly and warily the small force advanced out on to the walkway. 
A brisk wind blew by, ruffling Ayeka's kimono. The Empress looked down from the 
walkway to the city running for miles below. Her beautiful capital was in 
flames. Blaster fire exchanges could be seen below, as could explosions 
periodically erupting forth. They were halfway to the bay when Ayeka noticed 
something flying towards them. 

	"There's something coming," she warned.

	Everyone stopped in mid stride and turned just in time to see a black 
fireball shoot past them. Ten knights cried out as they were blown from the 
walkway. Ayeka grabbed her son and quickly raised her force field around them. 

	"Here it comes again!" shouted Gerin.

	The fireball streaked over them again, but this time it stopped directly 
above the walkway. Ayeka held Daisar close as the fireball landed behind them. 
There was a flash, and the fire spiraled upwards to reveal a man. Ayeka paled 
when she saw that he was wearing what could only be Light Hawk Armor. Black 
electricity trailed up from his boots to his spiked black hair. Five black, 
misshapen triangles were glowing on his forehead.

	Ayeka could not help but start shaking as five, fiery black Light Hawk 
Wings appeared before him. The Wings exploded outwards vaporizing the remaining 
twenty knights bringing up the rear. As the flames dissipated, Ayeka could hear 
his laughter.

	"Oh, heh ha ha ha ha! That felt so good!" A completely black Light Hawk 
Sword appeared in his right hand. "Are you ready to play, Empress?" He started 
to laugh again.

	Shoytal, Nunar, Verka, and Gerin moved in front of Ayeka and Daisar. 
"Ayeka, run!" shouted her husband. Before she could say anything to him, the 
four knights charged the Light Hawk Warrior.

	The dark man merely continued laughing hysterically. "Fools!" he shouted. 
Black lances of power appeared and shot at the charging men.

	Shoytal and the knights were able to dodge the first volley, but one lance 
slipped by to go right for Ayeka and Daisar. The Empress strengthened her force 
field as the attack struck. The sheer power behind the lance sent both she and 
her son flying backwards. It took all Ayeka's power just to keep them from being 
blown off the edge of the walkway. When they were secured again, Ayeka looked 
back at the horror that was the fight. 

	Verka was suspended in the air, wrapped in a band of black energy. Nunar 
attacked low, but a black Wing suddenly appeared to encase him in a transparent 
prison. Before Gerin could even get an attack off, an energy lance impacted on 
his chest sending him flying all the way back to Ayeka. Shoytal charged with 
both blades blazing. Unfortunately, their attacker parried each slash with 
apparent ease.

	Gerin started groaning as he returned to consciousness. Ayeka stepped in 
front of Daisar to help her friend and protector up. "Gerin? Can you stand?"

	"Yeah," he moaned while rubbing his head. "Not well, but yeah."

	"Good," she said. "I have an order that you must follow to the letter. 
Take Daisar and escape to Earth. With an enemy this strong, only Lord Tenchi can 
protect him."

	Gerin gave her a confused look. It was obvious his desires to protect her 
and Daisar were torn. "But, Ayeka, I can't leave you..."

	"That is an order, Gerin!" she said sternly. "You duty is to protect the 
Royal Family, not just me. Prince Daisar is the future of our Empire. He must 
survive no matter what." Her dark pink eyes bored into him. "Do you understand 
me?"

	The red headed knight stared back for a moment before nodding. "Yes, your 
Majesty. I understand my mission." He gripped his spear tightly and moved to 
push Daisar towards the shuttle bay.

	"Mother!" Daisar cried out. "I don't want to leave!"

	Ayeka quickly lunged forward to embrace her only child. She kissed his 
forehead, while holding back her tears. "This is for the best, my darling son." 
The Empress released a small bit of her power that succeeded in rendering him 
unconscious. Gerin threw him over his shoulder, nodded once more, and ran for 
the bay without looking back.

	The Empress reformed her force field and turned to face the enemy. She was 
immediately greeted by the sight of the Light Hawk Warrior disarming Shoytal and 
scoring a slash across his chest. The Juraian Lord dropped to his knees 
completely vulnerable to a killing blow. All that prevented Shoytal's end was a 
blast from Ayeka that actually forced the attacker back.

	"Stay away from my husband!" growled the Empress. 

	"Why, Empress," he sneered with an insane smile. "I almost forgot you were 
here." The smile vanished, replaced by a murderous glare. "You'll soon wish 
differently."

	Time seemed to slow as he rushed her sword first. Ayeka watched in silent 
horror as the tip of the black Light Hawk Sword easily pierced her shield. It 
was inches from her chest, when a commanding voice interceded.

	"Enough, Rashoch," ordered the voice. Ayeka's eyes went wide as the voice 
triggered a memory. 

	Rashoch slowly, if not hesitantly, lowered his weapon and stepped back. 

	Ayeka forced herself to turn and face the owner of the voice. Tears of 
disbelief started to build in her eyes at the sight of her father. "Father? What 
in the name of Tsunami have you done?"

	Azusa walked forward and wiped away a stray tear with his right hand. "I'm 
sorry, Ayeka, but you should not have let that boy convince you to take 
something that didn't belong to you." He retracted his hand and frowned. "I will 
not allow treasonous actions, even from my own blood."

	The Empress tried to speak, but anything she might have said was lost as 
several white bolts flew from his right hand to shock her. The bolts writhed up 
and down her body causing unbelievable pain. Ayeka managed one drawn out cry 
before she fell into unconsciousness.

_____ 

	*Was this really necessary?* asked Azusa. *That _boy_ corrupted her. She 
was not in control of her own actions.*

	*She still betrayed you, Azusa,* reminded the voice. *Tsunami's Knight may 
have started it, but Ayeka completed her treasonous actions all by herself. She 
is the enemy, Emperor, not your daughter.*

	Azusa shut his eyes in an attempt not to remember the images he had been 
shown of the boy, Tenchi Masaki, convincing his precious Ayeka to betray him by 
taking the throne and refusing to heal the once crippled Emperor. *I am all you 
have now, Azusa. Me and the power I command that will enable you to rule 
forever. All you must do is complete the task I have given you, and the power 
shall be yours for eternity.*

	The powerful Juraian opened his eyes with a sigh. *I know. I know.* He 
lifted his face from Ayeka's crumpled form. Rashoch was holding Ayeka's so 
called "husband" over the edge o the walkway. "Return him to the walkway, 
Rashoch."

	The insane man hesitated for a moment, but complied and dropped the 
wounded knight at his feet. An explosion erupted behind Azusa, and the sounds of 
a shuttle engine firing could be heard. The thrusters fired twice, and the ship 
was gone. Rashoch moved to intercept the shuttle, but Azusa stopped him with a 
raised hand.

	"No need to go after them," Azusa told him. "The knight and the boy are 
heading to the exact same place we are." Azusa turned to look at the shuttle's 
escape vector. "Earth. As soon as the enough of the military has been Touched, 
we will raise the fleet and pursue."

	"But if they reach Earth first, won't Tsunami's Knight be prepared for our 
arrival?" questioned Rashoch.

	"Do not worry, my boy. Everything is going exactly as planned," replied 
Azusa, even though, those had not been his words. 
To be continued...

Notes- what's life without conflict? All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com
 

	
	

	

	
	

	
