Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Boiling Point"


	Hiro watched as his opponents circled him carefully. The cyan haired teen 
gripped his bokken lightly while keeping his expression emotionless. Gerin and 
Daisar, both dressed in gray gi's, stopped on opposite sides of him. A bird 
chirped somewhere around clearing, and the two Juraians attacked Hiro. Wooden 
weapons screamed at the teen from all directions, but he didn't even break a 
sweat. He batted Daisar's bokken aside with one smooth strike, dropped to his 
knees, and rolled backwards under Gerin's swipe.

	On his feet immediately, Hiro lunged for the knight's midsection. Gerin 
reacted instantly and spun to the left away from Hiro's attack. Tenchi's son 
stopped, pivoted on his right foot, and launched himself after his foe. The 
knight stopped his retreat to meet Hiro's quick slashes with his bo. He 
deflected the attacks downward and followed up with a combination strike at the 
teen's head. Without missing a beat, Hiro phased right through the attack. 

	Gerin had only a moment to cry out before Hiro knocked him off his feet 
and tapped him on the neck with his wooden blade. A series of light steps behind 
him alerted Hiro to Daisar's charge. At the last moment he moved slightly to his 
left, reached out, grabbed Daisar's wrists, pulled the young prince into the 
air, and drove his left knee into his stomach. Daisar landed on the ground with 
a loud grunt. Just to add insult to injury, Hiro tapped the prince on the head 
with his bokken.

	"You lose," he told the two Juraians evenly. He made a pair of small bows 
and started back towards the Shrine steps. 

	"Geez, Hiro," wheezed Gerin as he and Daisar ran to catch up. "You could 
take it a bit easier. I mean, it is only practice."

	"That's what I used to think," he replied without looking back. "Life was 
nothing but a game three weeks ago. Then my family was shattered because I 
wasn't strong enough." He stopped and leveled a serious gaze at the knight. 
"Nothing is ever just practice, now." The teenager turned and continued back 
towards the house without another word.

_____ 

	"How's that look?" Rei asked.

	Mayuka, Achika, and Mihoshi were standing in the living room looking at 
the now repaired hole in the side of the house. Everyone was dressed in sweats 
and T-shirts, except for Rei who had on a pair of paint stained blue overalls. 

	"I think it looks great, Rei," answered Mihoshi happily.

	Mayuka forced out a smile for her sister. Christmas had come and gone over 
the past two weeks doing little to lighten the dark atmosphere over the house. 
Hiro did nothing but train with Gerin and Daisar now, and Rei was doing 
everything and anything possible to avoid talking about her feelings, except 
going back to school. 

	"It looks good," replied the eldest of the Masaki children. "Now that it's 
done maybe you can go back to school."

	Rei looked over at her with a smile of disbelief. "Are you kidding? I 
still have to fiz the green house. Besides, who will look after Grandma?"

	Mayuka groaned inwardly. This was the beginning to the argument they had 
been having since both twins decided not to go back to school when Christmas was 
over. Every time she brought it up, each one would either blow her off or start 
making up excuses to stay home. For the first week Mayuka had let it go, but now 
it was getting to be serious.

	"You can't keeping missing this much school, Rei," she said sternly. "What 
would dad say..."

	"Dad's not here, Mayuka!" Rei shouted suddenly. "He's gone and not coming 
back!"

	Before she could stop herself, Mayuka stepped forward and slapped her 
sister across the face. "Dammit, Rei!" she hissed. "Achika is standing right 
there!"

	Rei looked from her elder sister to her younger one in complete shock. 
When her eyes returned to Mayuka they were red rimmed and filled with unshed 
tears. "Mayuka..." she whispered. "I..."

	Mayuka reached out and pulled her into a tight hug. Rei, having spent all 
her will power, just thrust her face into her sister's shoulder and cried. 
"Shhh. It's okay, Rei. I'm sorry."

	The door opened at that moment to let the men inside. Hiro stopped in the 
hall and looked over at them. "What's going on in here?" he asked with little 
sign of emotion. 

	"Nothing," replied Mayuka. "Just tempers flaring." She looked him up and 
down. "Feel better after blowing things up?"

	"Bite me, May," he sneered. "At least I'm preparing for the battles to 
come."

	She shot her brother a dangerous glare. "Stop talking like that, Hiro. We 
can't start any fights, at least not yet."

	"Well then when, Mayuka?" he shouted while storming into the living room. 
"When will we fight back? How long are we going to sit on our hands?"

	Mayuka walked Rei over to the couch and sat her down. "We'll talk about 
this later."

	"No," snapped Hiro. He vanished and reappeared in front of her. "We've 
been avoiding the subject for weeks. We talk about this now."

	He placed himself face to face with her, but Mayuka turned her head to 
Mihoshi. "Mihoshi, would you please take Achika into the other room..."

	"No," Hiro said again. "This is a family decision, and they're both 
family." He raised himself to his full height and stared his sister down. "When 
do we fight back?"

	Mayuka shoved him hard on the chest. "Now is not the time, Hiro," she 
growled. 

	"When is the time?" he screamed. "When mom finally rots away up in her 
room? When Grandma never wakes up? Or how about when they finally televise dad's 
execution?" Mayuka's fist shot out at his face, but he caught it centimeters 
from his nose. "When, Mayuka?" he whispered. "When?"

	Mayuka was about to reply when a sudden explosion shook the entire house. 
All heads snapped around to see smoke billowing down the stairs and out the open 
front door. Forgetting their arguments for the moment, everyone gathered inside 
the living room ran for the stairs. They all stopped short when they saw her 
slowly floating through the smoke.

	"Mommy!" cried Achika happily. 

	Ryoko slowly floated down the stairs wearing her old red and black battle 
suit with Ryo-ohki perched on her left shoulder. Achika ran from Mihoshi's legs 
and jumped into her mother's arms. The pirate stroked the back of her youngest 
child's head without stopping her progress.

	She came to a halt in front of the group and lowered herself to the 
ground. "You want to know when we start fighting back?" she asked calmly. Her 
golden eyes flashed dangerously at them. "Right now."

_____ 

	"I don't know about this, mom," Mayuka was saying. "It's pretty risky."

	It was a couple hours later, and everyone was now gathered back in the 
living room. Ryoko, still holding Achika, shook her head. "It has to be done 
this way. It won't be convincing otherwise. Trust me, sweetie, I've been working 
on this for a while." She looked over at Rei. "Can you do it?"

	The raven haired young woman thought about it for a moment. "Yes," she 
said finally. "There should be enough of everything down in the lab."

	"Good," said Ryoko with a nod. Now Hiro fell under her gaze. "Can you pull 
it off?" she asked him.

	The smile he gave her was genuine. "Definitely."	

Next she looked at Gerin. "What about you?"

	The red headed knight scratched his chin and smiled. "I never could turn 
down a request from a pretty lady."

	"All right then." The pirate rose from her seat on the couch. "Everyone 
get to work. We move at sunrise."

_____ 

	Lieutenant Itara Volun yawned as he stared at the tree ship's radar. The 
only things out there were the Terrans' pathetic satellites. Why on Jurai two 
thousand ships needed to be guarding this little ball of dirt was beyond him. 
What could possibly be so dangerous as to require all this firepower?

	Then a small blip caught his attention. 

	The lieutenant jerked up right in his chair and tapped a few keys. His 
eyes perked up when it was confirmed that there was something definitely coming 
up from the planet's surface. He even smiled when it was coming right for his 
ship. "Sir!" he called over his shoulder.

	The brown bearded captain leaned over the railing of the command station 
to look down at him. "What is it, lieutenant?"

	"Sir, there seems to be something coming up from the planet's surface."

	The captain scratched his chin. "Get me a visual."

	"Aye, sir."

	It took a moment, but Itara was finally able to get a picture of the 
advancing object. At first no one could see anything except a red dot. Then, all 
at once, the entire bridge crew could make out the rising black, crystalline 
spikes. The captain's mouth opened to order the shields raised, but he was 
seconds too late. The tip of one of the black spikes suddenly released a stream 
of red energy that vaporized the battleship instantly.

_____ 

	Ryoko smiled grimly at the results of her first blast. "Power to all 
batteries, Ryo-ohki," she ordered.

	"Meow meow!"

	The pirate's eyes thinned as row after row of tree ships lined up to take 
pot shots at her. "Just remember," she whispered to herself. "They started this, 
not you."

	Streams of yellow energy erupted from the Juraian fleet. "Evasive 
maneuvers!" shouted Ryoko. 

	The cabbit battleship juked and jutted around the endless barrage of 
yellow power. Ryoko took control at the last moment and steered them right at a 
cluster of tree ships. Feeding her own power into Ryo-ohki's systems, the ship 
was surrounded by a globe of red energy as it slammed into one tree ship after 
another. Thirty explosions later, Ryo-ohki zoomed away with at least three 
hundred Juraian battleships trying to blow her out of space.

	"Meoooow meeeoow!"

	"Don't worry," Ryoko assured her friend. "We just have to keep this up for 
a little bit longer." A series of blasts raked them across the side. "Almost 
there," she said through clenched teeth.

	*Okay, mom,* echoed Mayuka's voice in her mind. *Everything's ready.*

	"Great," she replied out loud and mentally. "Tell Hiro to do it in 
five...four...three..."

_____ 

	"Communication from Earth, my lord," announced Timerra.

Gabriel folded his fingers and looked down at her. "Put it through."

	A view screen appeared in front of the throne with a blond haired Juraian 
in its center. "Sorry to disturb you, Majesty, but the Ryo-ohki has just 
launched an attack on the fleet. It looks like it is trying to get past our 
defense line."

	"Really?" The entity couldn't help but smile. "I was wondering when she 
would try something. Do what you can, captain. Destroy the ship if you must."

	The captain was about to speak when a soldier ran up and whispered 
something in his right ear. "Sire," the captain began, "it appears that several 
of our ships have gotten the drop on the enemy and destroyed it. What are your 
orders?"

	Gabriel lowered his hands and leaned forward. "Pity," he said to himself. 
"Get your crews out there and collect what remains you can, captain. I want to 
be certain of this."

	The Juraian office saluted. "Yes, Emperor."

	The screen blinked away. Gabriel leaned back once more. "What are you 
thinking, my lord?" asked Timerra from below.

	"Possibilities," he replied after a moment. "Summon Rashoch back from his 
'game' and tell Zorin to come here as well."

	She bowed deeply to him. "As you command."

	Gabriel's smile returned soon after she was gone. "Let's see if this cat 
really does have nine lives."

_____ 

	Mayuka stood on the bridge of Yukinojo watching the battle with a great 
deal of concern. Her heart threatened to stop when she saw Ryo-ohki explode, or 
at least pretend to explode. She couldn't stop fretting until the door to the 
bridge opened and her mother walked inside with Ryo-ohki on her left shoulder 
and Hiro and Rei following close behind. Mayuka rushed Ryoko and threw her arms 
around her.

	"I'm so glad that you're okay," she said quietly. She turned her head 
slightly and scrathed the cabbit on her little head, eliciting a purr. 

	Ryoko moved her back slightly and smiled. "It'll take a little bit more 
than a couple thousand Juraian ships to take us out."

	Rei, with a relieved look on her face, walked over to the sensor station. 
"Juraian crews are gathering up the fake Ryo-ohki parts I put through Hiro's 
portal."

	"Are you sure they'll pick up our DNA traces?" asked her mother.

	Rei looked back with a smile Washu would be proud of. "I coated the parts 
with enough of our replicated DNA to convince them we were all vaporized in the 
explosion." 

	"Good," said the pirate.

	A beeping noise pulled everyone's attention away from the sensors to the 
COM station. Yukiniojo's robotic head detached from the ceiling and blinked his 
yellow eyes. "Mihoshi, I'm getting a signal from the Juraian fleet."

	"What is it, Yukinojo?" asked the GP from the pilot's chair.

	His eyes blinked again. "It appears to be a confirmation beacon from Sir 
Gerin. He has successfully infiltrated the fleet with his shuttle."

	"I do hope Gerin will be all right," commented Daisar.

	"Don't worry, kid," assured Ryoko. "He's annoying, but resourceful." The 
pirate looked at everyone. "As soon as the Juraians leave, we go ahead with part 
two of my plan."

	"Rei, you, your little sister, and Daisar will take your Grandmother and 
go find the People of the Gem," she explained. "They are the only ones who might 
have a chance at waking her up. I want you to use Washu's gem ship. That way 
they will at least not hide themselves from you."

	"Are you sure we should take Achika, mom?" asked the raven haired teen. 
"Wouldn't it be safer to leave her with Grandpa Noboyuki?"

	Ryoko was shaking her head. "Noboyuki is a good grandfather, but he can't 
protect her if the Juraians decide to take a closer look at Earth. She'll be 
safest with you and all the People of the Gem around her."

	She looked at Mayuka and Mihoshi next. "I want you two to go the Galaxy 
Police HQ and find out what happened to Sasami and Kiyone."

	"Okay, mom," replied Mayuka without argument. It was very clear that her 
mother had been planning this for several weeks now.

	Ryoko nodded. "You two have the frequency Gerin will be sending on. He'll 
report to you when he has a lead on Ayeka's whereabouts. As long as she's a 
prisoner we can't attack Azusa directly."

	"What about me?" Hiro asked with a hint of urgency. 

	Ryoko walked over to him and placed her hands on his shoulders. "You're 
coming with me and Ryo-ohki." His brown eyes lit up at her half smile. "We're 
going to find your father and bring him home."

_____ 

	"Reports coming in, my lord," Timerra announced from the bottom of the 
dais. A few moments passed before she continued. "Traces of the Masaki family's 
DNA have been found on the remaining pieces of the Ryo-ohki." 

	"Names," was all the entity said.

	She paused a moment. "Ryoko Masaki, Rei Masaki, Hiro Masaki, Mayuka 
Masaki, Achika Masaki, First Class Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu, and Washu 
Hakubi."

	Gabriel tapped the tip of his chin. Convenient that they would all be on 
the ship. Too convenient. At that moment the doors to the throne room opened to 
allow Rashoch and Zorin inside. The two men strode up to the dais, where Zorin 
bowed and Rashoch sneered. 

	"What could be so important that you called me away from the fleet?" 
snarled the mad man. "We were just zeroing in on rebel activity."

	"I have a new task for you two," said Gabriel, ignoring the former 
Champion of Tokimi's tone. "The Masaki family on Earth just tried to break 
through our defensive line. The Ryo-ohki has apparently been destroyed." His all 
white eyes thinned. "Make sure it really was."

	Rashoch's sneer transformed into a chilling smile. "A hunt?" he said with 
a giggle. "I like it. Come on," he told Zorin. "Let's get to Earth before the 
trail gets too cold." Zorin quietly rose and the two of them left the room.

	"What should I do with this information, master?" asked Timerra.

	Gabriel steepled his fingers and smiled behind them. "Give it to the 
media. The public has a right to know that the dreaded Space Pirate Ryoko has 
finally met her end."

_____ 

	Tenchi and his companions entered the common room flanked by half a dozen 
members of the smuggler's ring. Everyone in the basketball court sized room wore 
gray jumpsuits with prisoner ID's over their right breasts. Inmates were spread 
all around the room engaging in various activities with armed guards posted at 
all exits and patrolling the catwalk above. Tenchi noted that there were some 
other prisoners already seated around the Vid Net screen watching something. It 
only took a few words from his smuggler companions to clear them away so that 
Tenchi, Shoytal, and Yosho could watch the news.

	As they were taking their seats in front of the screen, Raff and at least 
ten of his Angels walked over. Raff was a humanoid standing about six feet tall. 
He was broad shouldered with dark purple skin and long white hair that fell past 
his shoulders. His features were sharp with a beak nose and eyes the color of 
the setting sun. His stooges lined up behind him when he stopped in front of 
Tenchi.

	"So, Masaki," he hissed in a gravely voice, "I hope you like the gift I 
left you this morning." Several personal parts of one of Tenchi's new associates 
had been left outside his cell earlier. "You can trust he died in a lot of 
pain."

	Shoytal was on his feet immediately. "I suggest you leave, you piece of 
filth, before I am forced to *escort* you out." The Juraian Lord's fists were 
clenched tightly at his sides.

	Raff raised his hands defensively. "I'm only trying to be friendly, 
Juraian," he said with a smile. He and his boys backed away to take seats as the 
news came onto the screen.

	Tenchi had watched the exchange in silence, trying very hard to control 
his temper. The more time he spent on Druz, the more he felt his well trained 
patience becoming thin. He'd learned quickly that when dealing with the likes of 
Raff and the Angels, you had to push aside all feelings that would allow mercy. 
Mercy in a place like Druz would get you killed. The opening credits to the news 
finished and a green skinned reporter began his speech.

	"We begin our report this evening with a breaking news story. Today in the 
Solar System a criminal reign finally came to an explosive end." Tenchi didn't 
feel himself get up, but now he was standing before the screen. "In a pitched 
space battle, a portion of the Juraian Fleet cornered and killed the dreaded 
Space Pirate Ryoko and her gang aboard their ship the Ryo-ohki." A second screen 
appeared next to his head. "Here we have footage from the battle. As you can 
see, the Ryo-ohki and her crew attacked the Juraian force without just cause."

	Tenchi could only watch in horror as Ryo-ohki threw herself at the Juraian 
tree ships with a vengeance. Many of the Juraian vessels were destroyed, but 
eventually the numbers were too great for the cabbit battleship. Tenchi felt 
whatever was left inside him die when he saw Ryo-ohki explode in a ball of fire.

	"The Juraian government has released these pictures of Ryoko and her gang. 
It has been confirmed through DNA testing that all these individuals were killed 
in the explosion. We here at the Galactic News Network send out our heartfelt 
sorrow to the families of those who died in the battle today against the pirate 
gang." The newscaster's last comment fell on deaf ears as Tenchi watched the 
faces of his family flash across the screen. He couldn't even find the breath to 
say their names.

	"Ha!" barked Raff from behind. "It's about damn time somebody killed that 
bitch. She gives real pirates a bad name with all that hero stuff she supposedly 
did."

	Rage.

	Cold, pure rage filled Tenchi's entire being. 

	He spun around and launched himself at Raff without any second thoughts, 
blowing right past all the Angels. His right hand grabbed the purple alien 
around the throat as he drove him into the ground with a resounding thud. Raff 
tried to break free, but Tenchi's knee in his gut stopped the attempt. Tenchi 
Masaki, a Juraian Crown Prince, the Knight of Tsunami, devoted father and 
husband, and simple shrine priest simply began to pummel the individual beneath 
him. 

	While the prince rained down punch after punch onto Raff's face, he dimly 
heard the fight between his companions and the Angels going on behind him. He 
just continued to punch, punch, punch, punch, punch...

	It wasn't too much longer before Raff had stopped moving all together, but 
Tenchi didn't cease beating the now obviously dead man. His repeated action was 
suddenly halted as an unknown attacker grabbed him from behind. Without pause, 
Tenchi snatched his assaulter by the wrist, twisted, and threw him over his 
shoulder. The Angel landed hard on his back and went sliding across the floor. 
The still rage filled prince picked up the flickering shadows of two more Angels 
heading for him.

	He was on his feet instantly. A punch was thrown, but Tenchi caught it 
with his right hand and pulled the thug forward into his waiting left knee. The 
second Angel kicked at Tenchi's head, but he merely responded by ducking and 
spinning around with a sweep kick that dropped his foe. As Tenchi completed his 
spin, he rose up, lifted his right leg, and dropped the heel of his boot right 
onto the chest of the second Angel. If he'd even heard the cracking of the man's 
rib cage, he didn't show it. 

	Soon after the remaining Angels saw their dead leader they decided to make 
a hasty retreat. Tenchi started to chase them, but his grandfather and Shoytal 
held him fast. Snarling like some enraged beast, Tenchi tried to break from 
their arms. The prison guards, having let the fight run its course, finally 
entered the common room and moved to restrain Tenchi immediately. Yosho and 
Shoytal were forced to release the still thrashing Tenchi. When momentarily 
freed, he sprang forward to pursue the now long gone Angels. However, the guards 
and their clubs stopped Tenchi in his tracks.

	A few quick hits on the back of his head dropped Tenchi more than easily. 
Still somewhat conscious, he felt himself picked up under the arms and dragged 
across the room. His movement soon stopped, and Tenchi lifted his bleary eyes to 
see Sso'Traknal. The lizard lifted him slightly by the chin.

	"Shame on you, Masaki," he rumbled. "It took me years to get a good stooge 
like Raff and now you've gone and killed him. Take our friend here to solitary," 
he told the two guards holding Tenchi, "for two weeks."

	Tenchi barely registered what was transpiring as he was once again pulled 
across the room. Time seemed to pool together into one long blur as the guards 
shuffled him along the metal halls of the prison. They finally stopped in front 
of a steel door with no visible openings. One of the guards punched in a code on 
the key pad to the left, and the door slid open to reveal a small room with no 
lights and only a single vent to allow air inside. Tenchi was thrown onto the 
floor of the cell. 

	The door slid shut, leaving him in the dark and all alone. But Tenchi 
didn't notice. The rage had run itself dry along with his wooziness caused from 
the hits to the head. Now, Tenchi Masaki, once the savior of the universe, 
simply laid there curled into a fetal position crying over the loss of those he 
held most dear above all else.

	"Rei...Hiro...Achika...Mayuka...Washu...Mihoshi..." sobbed the broken man. 
He took in one long, ragged breath and screamed...

	"RRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOKKKKKKKKKKKOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" 


To be continued...


Notes- all right I hope everyone is still interested in all this.

Just to talk about Tenchi's little reaction to what he believes is Ryoko's 
death. Now, some may say that I have over done it here, but let's take a look at 
this scene. Tenchi has sacrificed his freedom to protect those he holds most 
dear. Now, in the position I have placed Tenchi in through out my fics, he loves 
Ryoko and his children more than life itself. I think his rage is justified 
having supposedly seen the recorded death of his family. Then to have someone he 
already hates make a comment like Raff did, well I think he just had to snap.

You don't have to agree, but it's my story, and I'll do what I want to :P

All comments please go to Roas1@hotmail.com

	
