Disclaimer: I do not own any of the original characters, places, or events from 
the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki OAV's or Manatsu No Eve. These are the property of AIC 
and Pioneer. I do own all new events, characters, and places that have occurred 
during and after Tenchi Muyo! Will of the Goddesses.


Tenchi Muyo! Shadows of a Forgotten Sin


"Invisible Death"


	Rei squinted her eyes as she looked through the microscope at the blood 
sample. Her left hand tapped on a nearby keypad, and the microscope zoomed in so 
far that she could actually see the DNA strands within the blood. She couldn't 
help but frown at what she was seeing. Countless black organisms were literally 
eating away at the DNA strand until there was nothing left. 

	"Just like all the others," she said sadly. Rei lifted her head away from 
the microscope and looked down at the place on her right arm where she had taken 
the blood sample. "Even I'm infected."

	"I did warn you," said Tristu as he entered Rei's make shift lab inside 
the temple. The lab was basically a fairly large room with one wall that looked 
like a high school chemistry class and another wall filled with the most high 
tech medical equipment on the planet. Hooked up to most of that equipment was 
Washu. "You took a terrible chance by staying here with us, Rei."

	The raven haired teenager smiled at the old man from her stool. She was 
dressed in a pair of blue jeans and a dark green turtle neck with her hair 
pulled back into a long ponytail. "I never was the best gambler," she said. "I 
just wish I could figure something out!" She pointed over at Washu. "I still 
don't know what's keeping her comatose, and the best I've been able to do with 
this damned disease is catch it as well."

	Tristu chuckled quietly. "You truly are descended from my Lady. Nothing 
ever made her more angered than a problem with no discernable solution."

	Rei sighed and looked in the direction of her grandmother. "I wish she was 
awake right now. I bet she could figure this out." 

	"Perhaps and perhaps not," he said. "One can never really say what another 
could or would do in his or her place." He walked over and placed his left hand 
on her shoulder. The old man looked over tired and on the verge of hopelessness. 
"Have faith in yourself, young Masaki. You may yet find the answers you seek." 
Tristu gave her a gentle pat and walked out of the lab.

	"Or I may just end up killing us all even faster," muttered the teen. She 
spun around on her stool and went back to her blood sample. 

_____ 

	"Miss Achika? May I ask again what we are doing out here?" asked Azaka.

	Wearing a yellow, long sleeved shirt and green overalls, Achika waded 
through the dense vegetation of the jungle with Azaka and Kamidake following 
close behind. "We're treasure hunting," replied the cyan haired little girl. 

	She stopped in front of a large plant. Seeing no easy way around it, the 
child raised her right hand and fired a small burst of yellow energy, which 
vaporized the bush. Achika smiled at her handy work and continued onward. 

	"I really don't know about this," said Kamidake. "We should have told Miss 
Rei or Prince Daisar where we were going."

	"Rei just ordered you guys to follow me around," Achika told them over her 
shoulder. "She didn't say you had to tell her where I was going. Now come on, we 
have to find the treasure before the pirates do."

	The three continued their trek through the dense jungle. "Miss Achika, are 
you sure you know where we're going?" asked Azaka in a worried tone. "This area 
does not correspond to any of the maps we have downloaded."

	Achika stopped and looked from left to right. "Uhhh," she started to say. 
Truth be told, she had no clue where they were. But being a daughter of Ryoko, 
she was not about to admit she was wrong or lost. "I know exactly where we are. 
We should go that way," she said while pointing straight ahead.

	They had only gone a few more yards when Achika spotted movement up ahead. 
"Wait a second," she whispered. "I think I see the pirates."

	"My sensors are picking up strange readings ahead," confirmed Azaka.

	"They do not match anything in our records," added Kamidake. "I suggest 
that we go back before something bad happens."

	Achika spun around with her hands on her hips. "No way. We have to find 
the treasure before the pirates do."

	"But, Miss Achika..." Kamidake tried to interrupt.

	"No," she said adamantly. "I order you to follow me. You have to do what I 
say, right?"

	"Y...yes, Ma'am," replied the Guardians.

	The little girl gave them a triumphant smile. "Good. Now, let's go get 
that treasure first." Filled with a lust for adventure that would make her 
mother proud, Achika Masaki turned around and marched forward into the jungle.

	It didn't take them long to find the source of the movements from moments 
before. "They look like some people from the city," observed Achika.

	"I'm not reading anything on my bio scanner," Azaka informed quietly.

	"Pirates are tricky," Achika whispered. "We're going to have to out smart 
them." Just as the words left her mouth, the small group ahead of them stopped 
and looked their way. Achika swallowed. "Uh oh."

	The figures turned and started walking in their direction. Achika began to 
back away. "I think play time's over, guys." 

The first of the spiky haired strangers reached them, jumping right for Achika. 
The Guardians, however, weren't going to have any of that. Azaka and Kamidake 
placed themselves between Achika and the attacker. The person of the gem 
rebounded off of their force field and flew back several yards.

	"Run, Miss Achika!" cried Kamidake.

	"We'll keep them busy!" added Azaka. The two floating logs began shooting 
energy blasts from their optic sensors.

	Not needing to be told twice, Achika ran as fast as her little legs would 
take her. Despite their valiant attempt, the two Guardians couldn't keep all of 
the attackers back. Achika spotted at least three shadowy figures running 
parallel to her. 

	"I don't like this game anymore!" she cried out. Suddenly, her three 
pursuers leapt out in front, barring her escape path. The child skidded to a 
stop so quickly, that she lost her balance and fell back on her rear. She thrust 
out her little fists, and a small yellow energy sword sputtered to life. "Stay 
back!" she shouted. 

	They moved on her undaunted. Achika vainly started to wave her sword in 
defense and was pleasantly surprised when one of her attackers exploded. The 
other two stopped their advance and spun around to meet the attack of a new 
fighter. With Jurai Power enhanced abilities, Daisar leapt out into the open 
wielding a tree weapon kind of like her Daddy's sword. 

	Daisar placed himself between Achika and her attackers with his sword 
raised to attack. One of the spiky haired men didn't wait long before raising 
his hands and firing yellow bolts of power at the prince. The bolts harmlessly 
bounced off of Daisar's force field. The other one jumped at him, but he halted 
it in mid air with a group of power logs, which proceeded to bind him with 
tentacles. With his concentration divided between two things, now, Daisar's 
force field wasn't strong enough to deflect the entire next series of yellow 
bolts. One bolt slipped past and hit him on the left shoulder.

	He grimaced in pain, but managed to keep his focus and attack. In two 
quick steps Daisar charged and sliced the unbound attacker in half. The two 
halves of the spiky haired man sputtered and exploded. Achika watched the 
explosion with wide eyes.

	"Wow!" she cried. Then she started jumping up and down. "Yay Daisar!" she 
cheered. 

	The young prince blushed slightly as he bent down to pick up what looked 
like an arm. Although, now it didn't quite look like a human arm anymore. 
Instead it was shiny and black with only a thumb and two fingers. "Interesting," 
Daisar said quietly. He didn't have time to ponder over this new discovery long, 
though.

	Explosions alerted both the prince and the child to the increase in 
fighting from behind. The jungle suddenly parted as Azaka and Kamidake came 
flying up to them. "They have increased in numbers to a point where we cannot 
fight them," reported Azaka.

	"So we've decided to make a run for it," added Kamidake. "I think it would 
be a good idea if you used us for transportation," he told the kids.

	Achika felt herself picked up by Daisar. "I believe that is an excellent 
idea," complimented the prince. Azaka went horizontal, and Daisar plopped Achika 
on his back. He followed up quickly by leaping on to Kamidake. Without even 
having to be ordered, the Guardians launched themselves into the sky and back, 
hopefully, towards the city.

_____ 

	Almost there.

	Almost there.

	Almost...

	"Dammit!" shouted a frustrated Rei. The teen watched hopelessly as the 
viral organism disintegrated under the microscope.

	Rei lifted her head away from the device and began to rub her eyes 
fiercely. For the past two hours she had been trying to isolate one of the viral 
organisms from her blood sample in order to try and better understand it. The 
only problem was that each time she came close, the damn things literally self 
destructed. She'd even tried using her Light Hawk Wings to no avail. 

	"If I can just get a good sample, I know I could figure this damn bug 
out." Rei was steeling herself for another try, when the doors to her lab burst 
open.

	Daisar and Achika, with Azaka and Kamidake following behind, came running 
in talking a mile a minute. It took a few moments, but Rei was finally able to 
get a word in. "Quiet!" she shouted. "Now, Daisar, tell me what's going on."

	The prince took a deep breath before speaking. "I saw Achika and the 
Guardians leaving the city and decided to follow them. I had lost them for a 
time inside the jungle, but I was able to find them again once a battle 
occurred."

	Rei jumped off her stool and went to Achika. "What? There was a fight?" 
She started looking her little sister over for wounds. "Are you okay, Achika?"

	"Yeah, I'm fine," replied the little girl with a nod. "Daisar was the only 
one who got hurt besides the guys who blew up." Rei looked up and saw that her 
cousin was bleeding slightly from a shoulder wound.

	She stood and motioned for Daisar to come over to her worktable. "Come 
under the light and let me take a look at that." Daisar relented without 
argument to her medical inspection. 

	Rei easily ripped the damaged portions of his white shirt off in order to 
get a good look at the wound. It was more of an intense burn than anything else, 
although there was a little bit of bleeding. Rei had just started to clean the 
wound when a new thought suddenly struck her. "Daisar, have I tested you for the 
disease yet?"

	He shook his head. "I do not think so, cousin." Rei started to shiver with 
excitement as a new thesis formed in her mind.

	"Hold still," she ordered. The teen quickly grabbed a hyper syringe and 
jammed it in her cousin's left arm. Daisar only flinched as a small tube filled 
with his blood. Rei ejected the tube and placed it in the anti-grav gyroscope. 

	After the tube of blood spun around for a few seconds, she grabbed it and 
created a sample for viewing. Anticipation rose as the teen slid the sample 
under the microscope. Rei's left hand flew across the keypad, punching in 
scanning commands. When a picture finally presented itself through the lenses of 
the scope, Rei whooped with glee.

	"Yes!" she cried. 

	"What?" asked everyone else in the room. 

	Rei spun around all smiles. "It's a designer disease!"

	"What?" asked everyone again.

	She shook her head slightly. "The disease that has infected the People of 
the Gem is a designer bug. That means it was genetically created in a 
laboratory. The damn thing was *made* to kill them."

	"Then why are you infected?" questioned Daisar.

	Rei was off her stool and pacing back and forth. "Okay, then let me alter 
my thesis slightly. Instead of saying that it was made to kill the People of the 
Gem, then let's say that it was made to kill anyone related to Washu. The People 
of the Gem were the children of Washu, so to speak, just like Tsunami created 
the Juraians. That would explain why I'm infected." She stopped pacing and 
looked at them. "If we take blood samples from Achika and Washu, I bet that they 
will also be infected."

	Daisar looked at her carefully. "But what does this all mean?"

	"This means that you're going to save us, Daisar!" exclaimed Rei. "Your 
blood sample does hold the organisms responsible for eating away at our DNA. But 
since you don't have the DNA it was designed to eat, as soon as it infected you 
it simply died without anything to sustain it. The great thing is that the 
organisms didn't disintegrate! They are in one piece, which means I can probably 
take one and turn it into a vaccine!" Caught up in the moment, Rei threw her 
head back and started cackling just like her grandmother. 

	"I am such a genius!" she shouted with her arms outstretched. 

	She continued to laugh for several minutes until Daisar interrupted. "I 
just have one more question."

	Rei's cackling slowly subsided to a chuckle. "What?" she replied with a 
slightly mad grin.

	"Who could have possibly created this disease?"

_____ 

	Dr. Clay watched unhappily the scene before him with a frown. "Infernal 
girl," he hissed. "I should have foreseen this, though. She is descended from 
Her." 

	His view screen focused on the Juraian prince. "His presence was very 
unexpected. Thanks to him the girl will be able to create a vaccine for the 
virus." The old man smiled, nonetheless. "No matter. The virus has done its 
damage already. Washu's 'children' are already weakened enough. Even if the girl 
gives them the vaccine now, it will not heal them in time to defend themselves."

	Clay tapped a keypad on the arm of his chair. There was movement from the 
left as several black AlphaZeros appeared. A modified version of his old Zero 
espionage android, the AlphaZero was designed without the flaws of its 
predecessor. It had only one level of thinking, obey.

	"The time has come," announced Clay. "Take the city, but I want Washu's 
body untouched." The doctor steepled his fingers and chuckled. "I have special 
orders for that one."

_____ 

	It didn't take Rei very long to isolate one of the dead organisms from 
Daisar's blood sample. Just as she had predicted, the organism remained stable 
once removed from the blood. It was then only a matter of using an assortment of 
advanced chemical and biological techniques to change the nature of the 
organism. Roughly one hour later, the young genius had regenerated the organism 
and reprogrammed it to eat its former brethren instead of DNA. She quickly went 
about synthesizing the new vaccine.

	When it was finally complete, Rei didn't even think twice about testing it 
on herself first. After a couple more tests that confirmed the success of the 
vaccine, Rei immediately injected Achika and Washu with the necessary doses. 

	"There," said Rei. "That should take care of you two. Now all we need to 
do is take a quick run through a genetic resequencer, and we should be good as 
new."

	Achika was rubbing the place on her arm where Rei had injected the 
vaccine. "What's a genetic rese...rese...rese..."

	"Resequencer," finished her sister with a smile. "It will simply 
regenerate and damage done to our DNA."

	Rei turned her head as the doors opened to admit Daisar, Tristu, and 
several of Tristu's men. "Right this way, gentlemen," announced Rei. "Step right 
up and get your very own dose of the vaccination."

	"Thank our Lady," said Tristu. "Unfortunately a new threat has suddenly 
appeared to replace the old one. The city is under attack, and most of the 
populace is too weakened to put forth any form of defense."

	Rei frowned at the news. "All right then," she said a second later. She 
grabbed Daisar and yanked him over to the worktable. "Give them the vaccine." 
Then she looked at Tristu and his men. "I know you guys can work most of this 
stuff, so just keep synthesizing the vaccine." She released Daisar's arm and 
started walking away.

	"What are you going to do?" he asked her back.

	There was a small power surge around Rei. When she looked back there was a 
vertical, purple oval rune on her forehead. "Buy us some time." Without looking 
back again she walked out of the lab. 

	The sounds of battle could be heard through the large doors of the temple. 
Rei raised her left hand, and the doors flew open to reveal the conflict. Scores 
of black armored robots bearing the shapes of small humans had flooded the city. 
The People of the Gem were doing their best to fight back, but as Tristu had 
pointed out they were just too weak. Two of the black bots saw Rei immediately 
and charged while firing yellow bolts of energy.

	The bolts impacted on the ground as Rei continued forward. A purple ribbon 
of energy appeared in her right hand. With minimal effort, Rei launched the 
ribbon, which sliced both bots in half. 

	"Easy enough," she commented to herself.

	There was a ripple of purple energy as Light Hawk Armor formed over her 
body. Rei closed her eyes, stretched her arms out to the sides, and slowly 
started to rise up into the air. The wind whipped the purple frills of her Armor 
and caused her battle dress to flap loudly. The Light Hawk Warrior took a slow, 
deep breath, and let her mind become peaceful, just as her father had taught 
her. Through her minds eye, Rei could see everything going on around her. She 
could feel every movement...every breath...every heartbeat. She could also feel 
the lifelessness of the attacking robots.

	Once she had focused in on them, it took only a single thought. Suddenly, 
each member of the attack force was surrounded by a purple band of energy and 
pulled out of the city. By the thousands, the robots were tossed out of the city 
by the power of Rei's Light Hawk Wings. When she no longer felt their presence 
within the city limits, Rei changed focus and erected a force field around the 
entire metropolis. The only hint of the force field's existence was the initial 
shimmer of purple in the sky above.

	Exhaustion was pulling at Rei from every direction. Such extended use of 
her powers, plus the damage the disease had been able to do, had all but drained 
her of energy, but if she released her Wings then the shield would also come 
down. "Dad really needs to let us practice with the Light Hawk Wings more." 

	The raven haired teen, head drooping from fatigue, slowly walked back into 
the temple and her lab. She stumbled into the lab, and two of Tristu's men 
rushed to hold her up. "I've...erected a shield...around the city," she told 
them. "That should keep them out."

	Tristu walked over and helped guide her to the stool. "How long can you 
keep the shield up?"

	Rei shook her head. "I'm not sure," she confessed. "I've never had to use 
my Light Hawk Wings for an extended period of time. I'll do my best to..." Her 
sentenced trailed off when her eyes fell on Washu. "What the..."

	For the first time, Rei could see an ever so faint white glow surrounding 
her grandmother. "Do you guys see that?" she said while pointing at Washu.

	Everyone else in the room looked. "See what?" asked Tristu.

	"It's Washu," stated Rei. "She's glowing!"

	"I think the fatigue is getting to you, cousin," suggested Daisar. 
"Professor Washu is not glowing."

	"I see it."

	Rei looked down at Achika. Her little sister looked up while also pointing 
at their grandmother. "I can see it, Rei."

	The raven haired teen knelt down until she was eye level with her sister. 
"Achika, I want you to tell me the truth. Have you ever made the bright, colored 
wings like me, Hiro, Mommy, or Daddy?"

	Achika looked away and started to fidget. "Yeah," she answered in a small 
voice. "I was watching when Daddy told you and Hiro what to do." She looked back 
at Rei with unshed tears in her green, feline eyes. "Am I in trouble?"

	Rei pulled her sister into a hug. "No, sweetie. You're not in trouble. You 
might just have saved Grandma."

	"I'm sorry to interrupt," Tristu cut in, "but what have you just figured 
out?"

	"It's simple, really," Rei replied. "It's so simple that I didn't see it 
until I wasn't looking for it. Whatever Azusa did to Grandma, he used Light Hawk 
Power to do it. I've been attacking the problem from the wrong direction the 
whole time. Science isn't going to help us wake up Washu."

	"So what will you do?" asked Daisar. 

	"I can't do anything," she answered. "If I pull any power away from the 
shield, then the enemy will be back in the city." Rei moved her hand up and 
rubbed Achika on the head. "Achika's the one who's going to wake her up."

	Achika's eyes went wide. "Me?"

	Rei nodded. "Yup. You're going to save Grandma. Feel up to it?" she added 
with a smile.

	The child's beaming smile was all she needed for an answer. Rei picked up 
her sister and walked over to the bio bed where Washu was lying. Achika was 
placed on the end of the bed next to Washu's feet. "Okay, Achika. I want you to 
make the colored wing."

	She nodded and closed her eyes. Rei felt the power from her little sister 
as a single, yellow downward triangle appeared on her forehead. Next a single 
yellow Light Hawk Wing appeared between them. Rei looked away from Achika to 
Washu, focusing on the glow. The closer she looked, the more she saw that it was 
some sort of cocoon like shell holding Washu. 

	"There has to be a weak spot somewhere on it," whispered Rei. "All right, 
Achika, listen carefully to me. I need you to use your power to break the glow 
around Grandma. Do you remember the focusing technique Daddy taught you?"

	"Yeah."

	"Good. Then I want you to use that until your mind is completely focused," 
explained the elder sister. "After that I want you let yourself flow over 
Grandma. Now what you need to do is look for something strange about the glow. 
When you find that use all your power to break it. Understand?"

	Achika was silent for a moment. "Find something strange on Grandma and 
then break it." She gave Rei a winning smile. "I can do that!"

	Rei reached out and caressed the left side of her face. "Good girl. Now go 
for it." Achika nodded and closed her eyes.

	As Rei stepped back and walked over to the rest of the gathered persons, 
she smiled wearily at them. "Now we wait and hope because frankly, I think 
Washu's the only one who can get us out of this mess."

_____ 

	Achika did just as Rei had instructed. Once she was focused like Daddy had 
taught her, she let her power flow over her grandmother. Almost immediately she 
didn't like the white glow. It was cold to the touch and gave her a sick feeling 
in her tummy. Achika almost pulled her power back, but the lone fact that Rei 
was counting on her kept her going. Time seemed to slow while she felt her way 
around the glow. At times, Achika completely lost track of what she was doing to 
the point of near sleep. After mentally snapping herself awake, the child made a 
spiritual trip on the glow. 

	That was when she felt it. 

	For a brief second there was an increase of power to the glow where she 
was focusing her attention. Achika quickly pulled away, thus causing the power 
increase to vanish. Curious, Achika pushed again at the same spot, which 
elicited the same response. Her curiosity urged her onward to try putting 
pressure on a new spot. She giggled when there was an increase of energy there 
too. 

	She pulled back again, but halted her actions for the moment. This 
definitely was something strange in the glow. Question was, what should she do 
about it?

_____ 

	"They're trying something," alerted Tokimi.

	Washu lifted her head from her hands and looked around. "I can't sense 
anything. What's going on?"

	Tokimi looked over at her sister. "The female twin has finally realized 
that Gabriel used Light Hawk energy on you. Hmmm," she added a second later.

	Washu rose and walked over to her. "What? What else?"

	Tokimi chuckled. "Apparently, the youngest of the pack can also produce 
Light Hawk Wings. The twin has just set her to breaking the shield around you."

	"Strange," mumbled Washu. "Why doesn't Rei try to break the shield?"

	"Oh, yes," chimed Tokimi. "I forgot to mention. The twin girl did create a 
vaccine for the disease, but it was a little late. The city is under attack by a 
force of robots."

	The red head shot a glare at her sibling. "Glad you decided to tell me 
that little bit of information."

	The goddess returned the glare with a cheerful smile. "I'm only too glad 
to help, sister."

	Suddenly, Washu felt something change. It was brief, but she definitely 
felt the barrier around her self weaken in places. Then it happened again. 
"She's doing it," the genius gasped with anticipation. "Come on, Achika. Just do 
it again."

	"I wouldn't get too excited, sister," purred Tokimi. "She is just a child 
after all. Powerful and filled with the necessary potential for the battles to 
come, yes, but a child all the same. I do not see her figuring this out on her 
own."

	After being long absent, a scheming smile slowly spread across Washu's 
face. "Then it looks like I'll just have to give her the assist."

_____ 

	Just for the hell of it, Achika pushed at the glow again. 

	"Achika!" shouted a ghostly voice. "Keep push..."

	The voice was familiar. "Grandma?" Going along with the last part of the 
statement, Achika pushed again.

	"Keep pushing all over the shield!" cried Washu's voice. "Do it in lots of 
different places at the same time!"

	"Okay, Grandma!" replied the little girl.

_____ 

	Rei gasped in awe as a single, large, yellow light Hawk Wing appeared over 
Washu's prone form. Then, suddenly, thousands of little beams shot out from the 
Wing and hit the shield.

	"She's doing it!" breathed Rei with clenched fists.

_____ 

	Washu was starting to get her senses back. With so much energy being 
poured out to block Achika's attack, the shield itself had become too thin to 
contain the power of the former goddess. Washu scanned the shield until she 
found the appropriate spot. Then, she took a deep breath and shot a mental blast 
at the weak point.

_____ 

	Achika instantly saw the crack in the white glow. Without any hesitation, 
she jumped into it. There was a rush of wind all around her. Then she found 
herself standing in a dark room. Just ahead of her were two women. One was tall 
with brown hair and dressed in really pretty clothing. And the other one was...

	"Grandma!" cried Achika happily.

	Washu spun around at the child's cry. A huge smile appeared on her face, 
and she threw her arms open. Achika, laughing all the way, ran to embrace her 
Grandma. She was so happy when Washu's arms wrapped securely around her.

	"You are such a good girl, Achika," Washu was saying. "I'm so proud of 
you!" She moved her head back and kissed the child on the cheek. 

	The other woman huffed as she walked over to them. "So this is the one 
that is supposed to face that reptile?"

	Washu snapped her head in the woman's direction. "Not now, Tokimi. We have 
enough to deal with now without worrying about him. If we can survive Gabriel, 
then we'll deal with that when the time comes."

	"As you wish," replied the woman lightly.

	"Grandma?" 

	The red head looked back at her, smiling. "Yes, sweetie?"

	"Can we go back to Rei now?" pleaded the child. "I'm really tired."

	Washu kissed her on the cheek again. "Of course, dear. Right away." Achika 
tensed as there was a rush of wind again.

_____ 

	Everyone in the room gasped when Washu sat up right on the bio bed. Rei 
was the first one at her side. "Grandma!" she cried as she threw her arms around 
her neck. "Are you all right?"

	She started to cry when Washu's arms came around her back in a hug. 
"Shhh," soothed the genius. "It's all right, honey. Everything's going to be 
fine."

	Rei lifted her head back to look her grandmother in the face. "I thought 
I'd never get to speak to you again after our fight, and I'm sorry for..."

	Washu carefully wiped away her tears. "No, Rei, I'm the one who's sorry. 
You have nothing to apologize for. Everything that happened that day was my 
fault, and I accept full responsibility for it."

	Rei sniffed, but smiled all the same. It took her a few moments to collect 
herself. "We're in real trouble, Grandma. I..."

	"I know all about it, Rei," Washu interjected. Her emerald eyes thinned 
dangerously. "I even have a pretty good idea who's responsible for the disease. 
And I'm going to enjoy kicking his wrinkled, old ass."


To be continued...


Notes- And Washu comes off the bench! All comments please go to 
Roas1@hotmail.com


	

	

	

	
