Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters made by Pioneer and Pioneer has 
all rights to them. I own  only the ones I made up. Also I don't want a Lawsuit 
and it will be worthless since I don't have any money :P


Shattered Reflections Ch. 1: "No Need for Boredom"
	
A young boy that looks about 12 to13 set on a large thrown of pure blue crystal 
with a rest about 2 stories high. He had shimmering locks of hair the color was 
of the ocean that fill over his eyes and light tendrils of pure blue. His eyes 
are his strongest qualities, pure icy gray lightly with a deep aura blue, if one 
looked at him they would see a tranquil cold winter night that went on forever, 
not marred by any dark universe.  On his forehead was a light blue crystal that 
was two inches long, and he wore white glistering cloak that covered his entire 
body and seemed a little to big for him. He had a insignia of 12 light hawk 
wings that formed a circle on his cloak and in the middle of that circle was a 
crystal like the one on his fore head but only it was four inches long. 



	I turned my head and looked around my thrown and all I saw was dark space 
the only light came from myself. The boredom was unbearable I haven't moved from 
my thrown in millions of years, but I pondered on my thrown and wandered, I have 
all this power and do nothing. Why? What can I do for fun? I can destroy..I can 
create..but I have done that all.but what haven't I done.being a supreme being 
is not what is cracked up to be. Most mortals long for such power, they will 
kill for a mere taste of it. For the first time in a couple of millions years 
stood up from my thrown not sure what prompt me to do it but as soon as I stood 
up Tokimi appeared before me.

"Yes sister?" I said with a bit of curiosity wandering why she wanted to speak 
to me. She hadn't done so in a few million years, none of my sisters have.

"Did you hear what Washu and Tsunami has done? Or have you noticed it yet?" She 
said with a sly smirk on her face, of which I hated more then anything. A face 
which told me she was hiding something from me.

"No Tokimi please inform me of it"

"They have took on physical forms and left this plane of existence, that is all. 
I just thought you wanted to know."

I was shocked beyond belief. Why have my sisters left? Especially my favorite 
Washu.she was always fun to be around with and always defended me when my other 
two sisters were picking on me. She always made me laugh and told jokes that 
kept me smiling every time I think of them for millions of years.

"Why Tokimi?" I said with a shocked expression on my face.

 "Guess they got bored and left to mingle with the mortals.. I don't know." she 
gave that same wicked grin.that I can tell she was hiding something but did not 
know what.I should trust all my sisters like Tsunami said..so guess that is just 
a smile she gave. I wanted to be with Washu..why did she leave me? These 
questions just rang through my head, I wanted to know why.

"Sister I want to know why they left, I am going to the physical plane."

"How? You have no physical body over there what can you do?" 

I paused for a second and thought of the perfect plan. All I had to do was make 
a body in that plane of existence but how would I transfer my power? I had to 
much power for a physical body to handle.but just maybe..

"I have an idea sister, I will make a physical body over there but it will only 
hold half my power and I will give you the other half.but I can't just leave.can 
you handle things all by yourself sister??"

"Of course.leave everything to me dear brother."she said with that same smirk I 
hated on her face.

I concentrated on my power and started to extend it outward out of my body, this 
was very strenuous and painful but soon it will be done. My crystal on my 
forehead left me and split into two lesser versions of it self each one inch 
tall. One floated by me and the other was in the middle of Tokimi and I.

"There..step one complete now for a body.." I concentrated on my power, this was 
harder then I thought with half my strength gone but finally a body that looked 
like me was formed in the physical plane near a planet that I felt a small 
presence of Washu, but I am not sure it is here it feels a bit different.

"Sister I am leaving now.."

"Before you go would it be wise to put your memory in that crystal, I don't 
believe even a physical body created by you can hold even half your knowledge."

"yes your right." 

I closed my eyes and concentrated on the crystal between Tokimi and I and 
started to put all my memories in it except for a few things, the words Tsunami 
and Washu. Anything else I am afraid will cause my new body to go brain dead 
from all that knowledge.

"It is done..I still have my memories now because I am still in contact with 
that crystal.."

I looked at the one next to me and sent it to the forehead of my physical body 
and  then I hugged my sister and gave her the other crystal.

"I guess this is good-bye sister.."

"Good-bye..Falon"

Then with that I  wisped away to my new body, my glistering cloak just fell with 
out a host to feel it. I felt bad leaving Tokimi alone.



Tokimi walked to her brother's thrown and sat upon it and stared through the 
vastness of space.

Thoughts raced into Tokimi head <everything is going according to plan..with 
them all gone I can take action..everything is going according to plan.but did 
Washu notice it?? Tsunami couldn't have.she left for her Juraiens like I thought 
she would.and Falon left for Washu like I knew he would.both na‹ve as could 
be.and Washu.. I never had to provoke her to leave.she left on her own 
accord.did she know? It does not matter.I will speak to her later .. I must 
finish phase 2 of my plans..> With that last thought Tokimi clutched Falon's 
other forehead crystal and disappeared from Falon's thrown room.




<What is happening...where am I...my head hurts so bad.> 

I opened my eyes seeing bright lights staring shinning at me. The lights were so 
bright it hurt my eyes and I can barely open them but I knew I had to know where 
I am. I sat up looking around where I was. My head was still throbbing and it 
was hard to concentrate on one particular area of the room. Soon it started to 
go away slowly and I was able to see clearly where I was.

The room was new to me I never been there, I saw strange types of metal objects 
and white walls and I just noticed that there were these wires attached  to some 
suction cup or what ever on my skin and they went to some machinery, but no 
matter what it was I quickly ripped them off. Everything was so new it was hard 
to figure it all out. I got up from the table and walked around the room.

It was larger then I realized and had more types of gadgets and stuff then 
figured, I wonder where I am? I saw a door and went over to it and decided to 
open it and when I was about to open it my self it opened and a tall figure with 
long straight green hair appeared. It was tall and slender with a curved waist. 
The eyes were also green and the skin was tanned. She wore strange garments 
((science academy uniform)) which I can't describe to well. Her lips were really 
red and had a smile on her face, a smile that seems like I seen it before. 

"You finally awake it seems..after 20,000 long years your finally awake." She 
said this with an enthusiastic and happy voice.

I opened my mouth to speak but no words came out.

"It seems you don't know how to talk yet.well that is not to bad.. I don't need 
you  for discussions anyway.I need you for one purpose and that purpose only.to 
kill Washu." Her voice sounded angry and I stepped back, but that word Washu 
rang a bell.

"Wa..Wa..Shuu.." I tried to say that word with all my might.

"yes I want you to kill Washu.but maybe it will be better first if I taught you 
how to speak and get you some cloths" She said with a smirk and with a snap of 
her fingers and dark blue shoes with matching laces, blue jeans, a white hooded 
coat, and under that was a blue short sleeved shirt.

"Now follow me" 

She started to walk to some table with a wired helmet with wires sticking on it 
and she picked it up and put it on my head. Once one she walked to a machine and 
pushed some buttons and in for 5 seconds I felt all this knowledge and words 
flood into my head so fast and I felt kinda woozy but that soon stopped but that 
five seconds felt like 5 minutes.

"What just happened" I was shocked that I just said that and knew exactly what I 
meant.

"Your in my space ship, Urosia" 

"how did I get here?" so many questions were in my mind.

"I found you and brought you here of course, but to be precise I found this 
strong power floating around in space near the science academy..good thing I 
found you first. Even though no matter what I did woke you up, I was preoccupied 
by the years trying to figure out what you are and how can you generate so much 
power.even though I found out so much.in the end it was very little. Also your 
still in the age I found you in, I froze your state of being to last while you 
were to sleep but since your awake you will begin to age, but for a certain 
reason not for long.I will figure that out later.Now tell me what is your name?" 
she smiled.

"My name is Falon, I think. What is yours?" I don't know where I got that name 
but it felt like I knew it forever just like that name Washu.

"Gena" She said with a smirk

"Well enough talk I want you to destroy my nemesis, WASHU!! She only brought 
pain in my life and I will make her pay for what she done!" She had an angry 
tone again.

"I am not destroying anything!!! And even if I wanted to how am I going to do 
it!" I hated the thought of me killing someone, I couldn't bare it.

"Oh you don't have to do anything." She smiled and laughed and as she laughed I 
started to sink to the ground my head hurting and I couldn't move, and with that 
I fell into a sleep.




I began to open my eyes like and the light hurt real bad like I haven't open 
them for days. 

"AHHH ITS STILL ALIVE!!!" I herd a voice not to far maybe a couple of meters 
away

"HOW CAN IT BE!? AFTER ALL WE DONE!!" another from my right.

"IMPOSSIABLE!!!" Another right and front of me. I began to open my eyes all away 
to see myself surrounded by 4 people. 3 girls and one boy, a purple haired girl, 
a cyan haired girl, and black hair boy and what strikes  me the most is this 
long red hair  girl who I felt I saw before but probably just my imagination. 
The area that surrounded me was some ruined house, was it a house? It seems the 
flooring is sorta there but everything else is gone that makes up a house.

"Who are you people? Where am I?"I turned and looked at each one like I was 
lost.

"You try to kill us and now you want to act innocent!?" the cyan girl spat, her 
eyes getting wider and wider with electricity sparked around her.

"No I haven't tried to kill anyone.." I push my self up and find out I can 
barely stand.

"hmmm..Ryoko out of all people.I can't believe you can't tell when some one is 
controlled" She turned and looked  at Ryoko.

"So your saying he is being controlled by someone, Washu?" She turned and looked 
at me with a serious expression that I did not want to cross.

"I was controlled." I tried to remember what happen before but it was hazy and I 
can't make out anything I turned to the guy with the black hair holding a some 
piece of wood.

"Umm I am sorry for what happen I am not sure.if I did this I am terribly 
sorry.I just don't remember anything.please forgive if I did anything wrong" 

He turned to the one they call Washu the one who I feel like I seen before, 
"Washu is he safe now?"

"Hmmm I believe so.his eyes have expression now.boy I am glad he is normal now."
She looked at me and smile, and I felt I seen that smile before, so long ago.

"Well.since Washu says your ok.I forgive you. Oh and my name is Tenchi" The boy 
says with a warm smile.

"My name is Ayeka, first  Princess of Juari" She smiles and bows, I also bows to 
show my respect for the princess.

"My name is Ryoko! Your average Beautiful woman, Space Pirate-

"And don't forget a demon, murder, and  man stealer" She says with a smile on 
her face looking at Ryoko.

"What! I may not mine the demon or murder but when you call me a man stealer it 
is personal!!! Tenchi is mine!" She fades and reappears behind Tenchi and grabs 
his left arm.

"Get away demon woman!! Hands off !!" Ayeka Yelled at Ryoko and Tenchi was 
getting an embarrassed and worried expression.
 

Ayeka hurried and grabbed Tenchi's left arm "Get one thing straight demon woman, 
Tenchi likes me best! And we'll be happy if you never show your face in front of 
'us' again!!"

"Girls stop!!! Please!!!" Tenchi yelled as he was being ripped apart.

"Umm I think you are hurting him." I said looking at both of them.

"Stay out of this!" Ryoko spat back at me in an instant.

"Yea!" Ayeka said that almost right after Ryoko.

I had a shocked expression on my face from what I just herd, I can' believe they 
will fight over him so ruthlessly. I turned to Washu.

"Are they always like that?"

"Sadly yes"

"I feel sorry for him."

"He is used to it.can you follow me to my lab please?"

Since I tried to kill them I decided to take her request and nodded.

"Good!" she gave me a girlish smile.

She walked to this door, which was the only thing standing in this ruined place, 
and opened it. She signaled me to go in and I went in with her right behind me, 
as I went in I can here Ayeka and Ryoko's constant bickering with a bit of 
Tenchi's screaming in the background of it. I was taken back to what I saw 
inside. It was a beautiful with a stream following around a patch of land with a 
small sprout ling in the middle of it. Two chairs just came from the floor and 
Washu sat in on and singled me to sit in the other one, I did so.

"I suspect you want to talk to me about something Mrs. Washu"

"Please call me..."She changed from her serious  expression to a happy girly
One. "Little Washu"

"ehhhh ok.little Washu"

"Good"

"You wanted to speak to me?"

Her serious expression returned "Yes I wanted to know who created you."

"am I created???" I gave her a shocked look.

"So.you don't know.but I know this that no normal humanoid can harbor that much 
energy..your just like Ryoko.I detected that most of your power came from that 
jewel on your forehead"

I touched the jewel on my forehead and looked at her "I don't really.know if I 
have power.but I believe you though.about that jewel.I feel like I can do 
certain things like instinct"

"hmmm.well.maybe I can run test on you later to see how powerful you are.but I 
know you must be tired. Also don't worry about the house I will fix it" A holo-
top computer appears before her and she begins to type with lightning speed. 
"There it is fixed. Also I added a room for you.upstairs in a closet I put a 
room there, I hope it will be to your liking"

"thank you really Washu" I looked at her and she seems to be grimacing.

"Little Washu." she says this with a tone of frustration.

"Sorry" I scratch the back of my head. I got up form my seat and said "thank you 
little Washu," I bow to her and walk out through the door and instantly I saw a 
house where it used to be ruins and I saw Ayeka watching T.V with Ryoko laughing 
and talking together like nothing happened, I decided to leave them alone.guess 
these things happen to them a lot. 
I began to walk upstairs and once at the top I looked for a closet like door, I 
saw one that standed out from the others and opened it. The place was beautiful 
squared room, the ceiling was a domed glass one which I saw the day light sky 
above it, the walls where plane blue and there was a running waterfall and 
stream from the northern side that ran straight through the middle of the room 
and out a whole in the southern side. It was a small stream but I had a small 
bridge to get to the other western side where a bed,  desk with chair, two 
dressers, and a book shelf. On the side I was on the eastern side was another 
door which I suspect to be a bathroom door to my right and a closet door to my 
left. Also here was a lush garden  with fountains which it water ran down small 
ditches to the river. A path was present that went to the small bridge bathroom 
door and closet door.


 " I am so tired." I walked down the path to the bed and took off my shoes and 
socks and jumped right on and felt how comfortable it was and instantly I fell 
to sleep with a smile on my face. But before I went to sleep I thought <I bet I 
will never get bored of this place..cause there is no need for boredom>



Well that was my first Fan Fic I hoped you liked it! The next chapter will be 
called "No Need for Falon" BYE!! 



