SHATTERED MIRROR
Part 4: Hostile Reunions
by Emily "Mink" Koh

***

DISCLAIMER: "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki" is (c) 1992, AIC and Pioneer.  I don't own 
it.  "Shattered Mirror" is (c) 2000-2001, Emily Koh.  Don't  repost elsewhere 
without my consent.  

***

She knew the ship well--it was designed like all Galaxy Police patrol ships 
were.  A physical analysis of the outside would have made the ship seem small, 
but it was actually quite spacious inside.  It was like a second home to 
Mihoshi, really.  When she was little, she had seen quite enough of these ships 
due to her grandfather's position in the league.

Mihoshi bit her lip, continuing on ahead.  She hoped Tenchi was faster than she 
was; she hoped he had found the subspace opening by now.  No human could survive 
in subspace, Mihoshi was sure of it, but perhaps Ryoko could hang on for a bit 
longer.

She had purposely sent Tenchi on the path where Ryoko is.

Oh, there were so many reasons, really.  For one, she knew where the subspace 
opening was; despite her usual airhead self that she let on, she knew about the 
GP patrol ships.  She had offered to take the path leading to the main control 
room -- she knew it was much too small to have any dimensional opening.  

Besides, Ryoko deserved to have Tenchi rescue her.  Mihoshi knew how much Ryoko 
loved him.  And in these years, she hadn't seem him . . . she didn't want to 
ruin it by going and messing the methods up by her trying to save Ryoko.

Mihoshi remembered the patrol ship she had shared with Kiyone.  She would lounge 
around, take a nap, and play little games while Kiyone had yelled at her and 
done all the work.  She stifled a soft chuckle, then grew sorrowful again.  

That _had_ been Kiyone at the checkpoint, hadn't it?

Of all places and of all people . . .

Her fingers lingered over control panels and the chair.  She mentally counted in 
her head.  Any minute now.  She could see Kiyone frantically running through the 
checkpoint in her mind, trying to find the right patrol ship, and then she 
would, and then --

Behind her, she heard a laser gun cock.

Kiyone stood, looking quite defiant.  "You're under arrest for attempting to 
assist space pirate Ryoko in an escape, as well as infiltrating a GP patrol 
ship," she said thinly.

Mihoshi stared at her.  "Kiyone . . . ?"  Her voice was wistful, not shocked.  
Her eye arched when she heard another laser gun cock behind Kiyone, and both 
girls turned to face the other assailant.

"I think that's enough," Washu said sharply.

---

Tenchi panted heavily, glancing around the large patrol ship interior.  He tried 
to remember what the officer said.  Something about a subspace cell.  Where was 
Washu-san when he needed her?  

The name jolted him back to the past, and Tenchi grit his teeth.  // Not now! // 
he thought frantically.  // I have to save Ryoko! //

He glanced around quickly, then noticed a small device nearby.  Tenchi normally 
was not one to take risks [hell, he didn't know if this was a bomb that'd 
destroy this ship or if it was just a radio or something] but decided to take 
chances.  He was vaguely aware that Ryoko's own life was in his hands now, as it 
had been before . . .

The device whirred as he accidently clicked a button.  "What . . . ?" 

In front of him, a small black hole formed.  It was there -- but then again, it 
was not; reminding him.  His brow knit together, Tenchi licked his upper lip 
nervously.  Ryoko was in here?  Hesitantly, his fingers reached for the edges, 
as if he could grasp them . . .

Marvelously, he found solidity.  Almost like a hole he could physically grasp 
the sides of, really.  

// Ryoko . . . just hold on. //

However, instead of allowing himself to jump in, there was a force that was 
literally going to pull him in.  It ate away at him; something that sucked away 
at his soul and his heart.  It hurt him, and he would have let out a shriek if 
it wasn't for that small sense of dignity he had managed to maintain.

Tenchi found himself falling, and his thoughts were racing.  // This is where I 
die, // he thought frantically.  // Without ever saying goodbye to anyone.  
Without ever having a family.  Without ever telling _her_ . . . //

And suddenly, he felt an incredible surge of power and warmth . . .

---

"Impressive technological upgrades," Katsuhito said conversationally, attempting 
to fill the awkward silence between him and his half-sister.  "Don't you think 
so?  Ryo-ohki's new location targets tell us we're not too far from Jurai."  
Then he gave a chuckle.  "Or has it been like this for a while now, and I have 
been an old man wasting his years on Earth, not knowing a thing?" 

Aeka shook her head.  "No, technology has been upgraded significantly," she 
replied in a rather absent-minded tone.  "The speed to Jurai from Earth . . . 
it's more than half the time decreased than . . . when I was traveling."  

Her thoughts were on one person alone -- Tenchi.

<He picked her!> her mind taunted her.  <He could've come with you to Jurai, but 
he wanted to save her!>

// No! //  Aeka reeled.  // That's not true!  Ryoko-san's life was at stake! //

<But you . . . who knows?  You might face execution at Jurai.  Your own puzzle's 
not solved.  You've been stripped of your title by your supposed loving sister.  
You're being welcomed to Jurai with no open arms.  What about you?  Don't you 
matter to him?>

// That's not true!  He swore he would come straight after! //

<Ah, so you're settling for second-best?>

The word had wormed its way into her brain, and Aeka shook her head.  "No," she 
whispered out loud.

"Aeka?" Katsuhito inquired.

"Oh?  I . . . I'm sorry," Aeka said momentarily.  "I . . . was thinking."

Her statement silenced Katsuhito, and he respected her privacy.

// I am NOT second-best, // Aeka reassured herself.  // That was a life-death 
matter. //

<Or maybe he chose her.  Maybe he's signifying a choice.>

// No. //  Aeka became adamant, fighting with two parts of herself -- Jealous 
and Reasonable.  God.  She hated this.

// Tenchi-sama has not seen that . . . that demon woman for over three years 
now.  It's reason enough.  I don't blame him.  And . . . he hasn't been with her 
all this time.  He makes up his decision now?  I've been close to him! //

The thought entered her head, and Aeka felt pangs of guilt.  What was she 
saying?  She was growing jealous!  When Ryoko-san could possibly be very well 
dead, and --

"Home, sweet, home," Katsuhito interrupted her thoughts in a rather dry voice.

Ryo-ohki came to a slow pace as they neared Jurai.

A lump formed in Aeka's throat.  Technology had upgraded too fast for her 
tastes.

---

"Hime-sama.  We've spotted Ryo-ohki."

Sasami smiled tightly.  "That will probably be Oneesama," she said clearly, in a 
voice that was not her own.  "I've received news that they've captured Ryoko at 
a Sol System checkpoint."  She smiled humorlessly.  "And who else would Ryo-ohki 
deliver to Jurai?"

The great bulky logs behind her stood in questionable silence.  The missing 
honorifics for the people in Sasami's life -- "Ryoko-oneechan" and "Ryo-chan" -- 
made her seem so different.  Where had her childhood gone?

"Y-Yes, Hime-sama," Azaka agreed.

"We'll send her to you shortly," Kamidake added.

They disappeared, and Sasami walked over to a grand mirror, running her finger 
over the glass.  An odd thing happened -- her reflection quivered, and the 
Sasami that had been there three years ago appeared, as it faced the real Sasami 
from inside the glass.

<Don't hurt them,> the reflection whispered sorrowfully.

"There is a lesson to be learned," the physical figure said firmly to the 
reflection.  "There may be pain involved.  For in order to repair a shattered 
mirror, you will get cuts if you are not careful enough."

<Be careful!> the reflection wailed.

"Cuts leave scars," the real Sasami said curtly.  "And scars remain forever, 
being a marker of what happened before in the past.  All of you chose to ignore 
your scars . . . I'm going to open them.  Let them heal."

<. . . Don't hurt them, please,> the reflection cried.  <Tenchi-niichan and 
Ryoko-oneechan are in pain already.  Why can't I save him?>

"You helped him just momentarily, didn't you?  You cannot guide him out.  Only 
he can do that alone."  With that, the reflection vanished as the princess left 
the mirror.

---

Tenchi felt a wave of nausea.  He didn't feel as weak as he had before -- his 
Jurai power had swept through him, transforming him.

<But you only have five minutes to get out,> a voice had warned him.

How familiar it had seemed.  Someone behind him, he could've sworn.  But no one 
was there with him, except Ryoko, and he couldn't find her now.

// I can't leave, // he thought frantically.  // Not without Ryoko. //

It was dark.  There were no landscapes in this dimension -- it was just pitch 
darkness; an occasional gust that was painful, too -- like the one he had first 
felt.  But he _had_ to ignore it.  He _had_ to keep going.

And then he stopped, because he saw the familiar cyan-haired girl ahead.

She was just lying there, but awake.  Donned in her notable battle outfit, she 
was staring listlessly up, seeming almost lifeless, murmuring to herself.

"Ryoko!" he cried, but for some reason, he couldn't yell.  He was so shocked at 
seeing her again, after all this time --

He neared her, and she gave him a glance.

He blinked.  A glance?  Was that all he was worth to her?

"You've entered my dream now?" Ryoko said, and laughed bitterly.  "Funny.  
Everyone from my past has been here.  I've seen just about everyone -- hell, I 
could've sworn I really saw Sasami."  That bitter laugh again.  "And you!  
Imagine."

It took a moment for Tenchi to figure out what was wrong.  "Ryoko!" he said 
firmly.  "It's no dream.  You're acting delirious.  Come on, I've got to get you 
out of here."

Ryoko laughed cruelly this time.  "Get out?" she repeated.  "Forget it.  You're 
an illusion, and illusions can't save people."

"I'm not an illusion!  Come on, we don't have enough time!"  

God.  Of all times, Ryoko chose this time to be infatuated with herself.  For 
one moment, Tenchi wished that she was obsessed about him as she had been three 
years ago, so that he could at least pull her out.

"Time?  Time . . . time fails to exist here," Ryoko said dryly.  "Besides, 
Illusion, stop teasing me.  Tenchi's not here, and you are going to disappear, 
just like everyone else did."

Tenchi sighed, deciding that conversation was not going to do anything, and 
pulled her.  She fell limply into his arms, and deciding that it was a better 
position to get her out, Tenchi didn't argue, and began to search back for the 
exit.

She acted drunk.  "And this is an illusion -- I'm so sick and dizzy, I really 
think someone is carrying me."  She snickered.

"God, Ryoko . . . please, listen to me.  It's me.  Tenchi."

"No, you're not."  Ryoko gave a long sigh.

Tenchi spotted the opening up ahead.  He'd make it out on time.

"If you were really Tenchi, you wouldn't have come," the space pirate said 
simply, lounging in his arms.  "So, Illusion, don't bug me."

He stopped short of the exit, forgetting all about time limits.  "What?" he said 
to her.

"I said, don't bug me," Ryoko said.

"No, before that.  The bit about if I was really Tenchi -- which I am," Tenchi 
said, flustered.

"Oh, that."  Ryoko paused, contemplating, then gave an odd, lopsided grin.  
"Tenchi," she began slowly, "is indecisive."  She failed to notice her 
"Illusion" flinch.  "But let's say he did pick me.  Y'know, over Aeka."  She 
brushed her own bangs back.  "But, let's see.  Kiyone reports me to the Galaxy 
Police --"

"She did not," Tenchi retorted.  "It was a mistake!  You know she had nothing to 
do with it, Kiyone-san would never . . ."

Ryoko did not hear him.  "-- and I'm forced to leave for space, 'cause Earth can 
no longer be my 'refuge.'"  There was a sharp tone of sarcasm in her voice.  
"Tenchi doesn't care for me at all."  Her voice became soft and esoteric.  "If 
he did, he would've chased me, wouldn't he?  Shipless or not . . . if I was 
really family.  But he let me go."

Tenchi nearly dropped her.  "What?" he whispered.

"It's true."  That cruel laugh escaped from Ryoko's lips again.  "What a fool I 
was.  God.  I should've known.  He stays with Aeka . . . and lets me go.  How 
long have I played the idiot, lounging around the house?"

"Th-That's not true," Tenchi said, but his voice didn't make it out.  "Ryoko, 
that's not true."  He bit his lip, and his head screamed at him.

<Idiot!  She's telling the truth!  Why didn't you chase after her?>

"Ryoko," he said evenly, "you confuse me."  His tone was soft, not accusing.  
"I've never picked.  I don't know whom to.  Because . . . I love both of you.  
But who do I love more?  Both you and Aeka-san confuse me, because --"

He was suddenly aware of her limpness in his arms, and he felt a chill run down 
his spine.

He had to get out NOW.

---

Mihoshi screamed as Tenchi fell out of the hole, with Ryoko in his arms, 
collapsing on the floor of the patrol ship.  "Tenchi-san!"

Washu realized the urgency of the situation.  This wasn't the time for sappy 
reunions.  "Mihoshi-dono," she said sharply, "take Tenchi-dono.  He's been in 
the cell too long with Ryoko . . . we'll need to make a detour to my ship before 
going to your destination; these two need to be healed."  She scooped up her own 
daughter effortlessly in her arms.

"H-Hai!" Mihoshi nodded, and slung Tenchi's arm around her shoulder.  He 
stirred, half-conscious.  "T-Tenchi-san!" she said frantically.  "Hold on . . ."

<Attention, all Galaxy Police patrol ships.  Do not leave the checkpoint; 
Criminal Identification A17 has escaped.  I repeat, do not leave the checkpoint.  
Should you leave, there will -->

"Dammit . . . Kiyone-dono!" Washu said, gritting her teeth.  "Mihoshi-dono, go 
to the control room -- it seems like Kiyone-dono has managed to notify the 
police at this checkpoint, and it's not before long that Headquarters finds 
out."  She made her way rapidly to the control room.

Kiyone was tied to one of the seats near the front of the control panels, but 
had managed to wriggle the rope loose, and had set an audio warning.  "I am tied 
and held; this is ship B60, First Class Detective Kiyone Mabiki --"

Washu turned off the audio intercom, glaring at Kiyone.  "Mihoshi-dono is too 
sympathetic," she said sharply.  "I told her to put on the gag."  She put her 
limp daughter in the chair nearby as she tightened Kiyone's ropes and fixed the 
abandoned gag.  "Forgive me, Kiyone-dono," Washu said, after a long sigh, and 
Kiyone noted the genuine apology in her eyes.  "But . . . right now, we don't 
have the time.  I'll release you later."

"W-Washu-san!"  Mihoshi came in quickly, with Tenchi.  "Quick . . . we're being 
attacked!"

"Even though we're still in port?  You'd think that the GP would have _some_ 
sense of safety," Washu muttered, and was not aware of the irony that she 
herself could care less for safety whenever she performed her own experiments.  
"Now then.  To my ship."

As Washu commanded the patrol ship to leave port [a rather messy exit, Mihoshi 
noted, but decided that now wasn't the time], she set Tenchi by the wall 
comfortbly.  "Hold on, Tenchi-san . . . and Ryoko-san," she said, looking at the 
two worriedly.  "Washu-san is going to save you!"

Her eyes briefly met with a bewildered Kiyone, and Mihoshi had a clouded look in 
her eyes, prohibiting Kiyone from reading her mind.

Kiyone sighed, shutting her eyes.

She hated reunions.

---

TSUZUKU (To be continued) . . .

---

Episode teaser:

Ryoko: Washu saves our lives, but drags us unexpectedly into the middle of a 
race in space!  Not that I care, because Aeka is not my concern . . .

Mihoshi: Demo demo, Ryoko-san!  Aeka-san is finding out more about the murder 
mystery!

Next, on Shattered Mirror: "Familiar Echoes!"

Ryoko: Tenchi . . . if you really cared about me, wouldn't you have chased me . 
. . ?

---

AUTHOR's NOTES:

Wow.  I haven't worked on SM for about a couple of months, but after some 
pushing and heavy inspiration, I got off my lazy ass and started working on it.  
;)  And this is the result.  Rather rushed, I understand, but I needed to get 
the plot moving for a while.  Mysteries will be solved as the story goes along.  
And yes, who will Tenchi pick?  [The indecisive guy doesn't deserve anyone, but 
to keep readers happy . . .]

Some side notes I failed to address earlier:

- Washu's honorifics: She places the word "-dono" at the end for most everyone 
[except her own daughter, affectionately referred to as "Ryoko-chan," and Sasami 
does not have this suffix as well], which is the equivalent to "lord/lady."  
It's her way of respect.  ** This applies the same to Katsuhito, as he uses the 
same honorific-ing -- he calls EVERYONE with the -dono suffix, minus his 
grandson.  ^^;

- Tenchi's honorifics: Very simple.  He uses "-san" for most everyone, which is 
equivalent of being very polite -- it refers to almost like a "Mr/Mrs/Ms" title, 
with the exception of Ryoko and Sasami [who becomes "Sasami-chan"].  And 
occasionally Washu, if he's being life-threatened by her to be called "Washu-
chan."  ^_^;

- Aeka's honorifics: Calls everyone with "-san" suffix except for Ryoko and 
Sasami.

- Sasami's honorifics: Very cute.  In this fanfic, we'll see Sasami using formal 
honorifics as if she was addressing a stranger.  But we do see a few flashbacks 
[or questionable parts?].  Sasami calls all the other girls with the "-oneechan" 
suffix, which is an endearment term to older females [i.e. Ryoko-oneechan].  
Tenchi becomes "Tenchi-niichan."  She's more respectful to her sister, whom she 
calls "Oneesama," and the "-sama" indicates an elder and one who is greater.

- Mihoshi/Kiyone: Both address everyone with "-san" suffixes, minus Sasami, whom 
they attach "-chan" [affectionate term of endearment for one that is younger or 
someone who are you close to].

- Ryoko: Uses no honorifics.  ^_^;  Unless she's being sarcastic . . .

On another note, "Mabiki" is Kiyone's last name revealed in the TV series.  This 
is based on the OVA series, with Kiyone in it . . . hence you're going to have 
to take the relationships of Kiyone with the "Tenchi family" from the TV series 
and transfer it into this fanfic.  I gave her that last name and kept Mihoshi's 
TV one as well, which was "Kuramitsu."

I love C&C.  And I've made this pointlessly lengthy.  >_>  Anyway, enjoy.

-- Emily Koh (mink249@aol.com)
   July 1, 2001 [a landmark for SM fanficcing?  ^^;]

