SHATTERED MIRROR
Part 6: Goddesses Plotting
by Emily "Mink" Koh

***

DISCLAIMER: "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki" is (c) 1992, AIC and Pioneer Ltd.  
"Shattered Mirror" is (c) 2000-2001, Emily "Mink" Koh (mink249@aol.com).  Do not 
repost elsewhere without my consent.

***

Washu's ship gave a deafening roar as it came to a stop into Jurai by the 
palace.  Getting past the checkpoint had been a hassle -- for everyone's sake, 
Kiyone had to impose her Galaxy Police rights upon the guards [and she made new 
enemies through this] whereas they had to disguise Ryoko.  Tenchi firmly decided 
that disguises were not for him -- he was always stuck in a girl's costume.

Now that it was done and over with, he was finally on Jurai.  He breathed in the 
fresh air, and smiled.  Jurai certainly hadn't changed since the last time he 
had come in tow with his entire family.  The peacefulness reminded him of Earth, 
as he stepped off Washu's ship with the others, meeting up with more Jurain 
guards into the entrance at the palace.

"Which one of you is Masaki Tenchi?" one of the stout guards asked.

"I am," Tenchi spoke up.  Out of the corner of his eye, he spotted various 
guards staring at him.  What a sight they must be -- a young man, a young red-
haired girl, two women that resembled legendary Galaxy Police Officer legends, 
and the space pirate Ryoko in flesh.  "Is Aeka-san here?"

He noticed Ryoko cringe, and he wanted to suddenly hold both of her hands, slap 
some sense into her, tell her that he cared about her, that he had never picked 
Aeka --

He shuddered at his sudden honesty, but didn't make a move to Ryoko.  Had she 
still been hurting all these years? 

// Of course, you idiot, // he thought almost immediately.

Before he had more time to beat up on himself, the guard motioned him.  "Funaho-
sama and Misaki-sama requested to see you as soon as you arrived."  The guard 
paused a moment, seeing everyone's faces, then added, "No one else for the 
moment."

"Just like those snobby Jurains," Ryoko scowled.  Noticing the guards bristling, 
she smirked.  "What?  You going to make something of it?"

Washu immediately hit Ryoko's arm.  Still weak and not completely re-energized 
from her near death experience, Ryoko nearly crumpled.  "Watch yourself," Washu 
said quietly.  "We are on Jurain ground.  It doesn't matter if you're under our 
protection, I won't have my daughter disgracing us around."

"Well, *mama*, you've certainly cleaned up your act," Ryoko snapped.

As Tenchi walked away with the guard uneasily, another guard motioned for Washu.  
"The scientist, eh?  Your presence is required in Sasami-hime's room."

Washu seemed to agree readily, not surprised.  "All right," she said.  "I've 
been waiting for this."

Before anyone else could speak as Washu walked off as well, a young girl ran 
smack into Mihoshi's legs.  "Kyaa -- !  Oh!  It's Ryo-chan!"

Indeed, it was.  The cabbit girl shivered, clutching Mihoshi's hand.  "Miya," 
she said nervously.  "Miya."

"What's the matter?  Did you find . . . Sasami-chan?"  Mihoshi said the name 
hesitantly.  Both Kiyone and Ryoko didn't miss her lapse in speech, and Kiyone 
shot her a dirty look whereas Ryoko hmphed and turned away, a sly smirk tracing 
her lips briefly, ignoring her own cabbit.

"You four," another guard instructed.  "You're all to meet after everyone has 
spoken at their appointments.  The conference room and lounge is open at the 
moment -- that's where you'll stay."  His tone was gruff.

They obliged willingly, but the same guard caught Ryoko's arm.  Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
and Ryo-ohki did not see it, as they went on ahead curiously to the room.

"What the -- !"  Ryoko wriggled her arm free from his grasp.  "What the hell do 
you think you're doing?!" she scowled.  She found herself face-to-face with the 
guard and the fear in his eyes were unavoidable.

A wave of guilt washed over her -- guilt for having this damn title of the 
"greatest space pirate," guilt for having innocent blood on her hands.  

No!  No!  No!

Guilt was for the weak-hearted!

She was strong!  That bastard Tenchi had taught her guilt . . . she should've 
never ever stayed with him on Earth . . . his ways were haunting her.

"What?" she finally repeated, exasperated, but in a calmer tone.

"The . . . the hime-sama wanted to see you," he said nervously, tugging his 
collar.

"Aeka?"  Ryoko arched an eyebrow.  "Man, you'd think she'd --"

"No, no, not her.  Sasami-hime."

Ryoko opened her mouth to protest, but then silently agreed.

---

Kiyone licked her upper lip nervously, pacing around the conference-slash-lounge 
room nervously.  She hated being here, being told not to leave.  She felt so 
locked up.

Mihoshi, on the other hand, was about to blow up this room if Kiyone didn't keep 
an eye on her curious journeys along with a patient Ryo-ohki.  She picked up 
various medals from the mantelpiece.  "I wonder what this -- oops!"  It 
clattered to the floor relentlessly and she giggled uneasily, dusting it.  "Uh . 
. . my bad."

Kiyone cringed.  "Just don't touch anything, Mihoshi," she said.  "You'll break 
something."

"Oh, okay," Mihoshi replied.  She brushed by a glass award, conveniently 
sneezing near it, and knocked her hand into it by accident.  "Gah!"

"No!"

Both girls dived for it, and conked heads, with the award landing safely between 
both of their hands.  Quickly, Kiyone snatched it and put it back on the 
mantelpiece.  "Why can't you just listen to what I say?" she said frustratedly.  
"Why do you have to cause so much trouble?  It's always your fault."

Mihoshi's breath caught in her throat.  "I'm... I'm sorry," she said slowly.

Kiyone bristled, and suddenly blurted out, "No.  Stop it.  Why can't you become 
angry?  Why don't you yell at me?  Why?  Why do you agree with me?"

Both girls stared at each other, stunned.  Embarrassed, Kiyone suddenly 
contradicted herself.  "No.  Wait.  Mihoshi . . ."

Mihoshi shook her head fiercely.  "No.  You're right, Kiyone," she said softly.  
"Why do I never get mad?  You must be wondering how in the world you ever got 
stuck with such a partner like me."  She smiled sadly.  "But . . . you're my 
friend.  I can't get mad at you!  I get in so many scrapes and you get me out of 
them.  I can never get mad at you!  You're always there for me.  And whenever 
you get ticked off at me, I know it's because that's for a good reason."  She 
blinked.  "That's why."

"No.  No," Kiyone said, her own whispers growing louder.  Where was this coming 
from?  Somewhere.  Her heart, perhaps?  "No . . . Mihoshi, I've betrayed you.  
And everyone else.  I left you all!  For . . . for, for what?  A promotion?  By 
reeling in the greatest criminal of all time -- Ryoko-san?  Is that what I 
wanted?  I don't deserve your friendship, Mihoshi."

She paused.  "All this time, I haven't stopped thinking about our times back 
together, and my family . . . my real family.  On Earth."  She smiled somberly.  
"Everyone told me that I had such a great cover-up there.  'The best undercover 
agent.'"  She sighed.  "But that wasn't me!  I really cared about you guys.  I 
even forgot about my job, until we got those alerts.  And then I'd take it all 
out on you, saying you got us stuck."  She paused.  "But the truth is, I never 
tried leaving.  Because I never wanted to."

"Ne . . . Kiyone," Mihoshi said softly, "no one believes that you roped in 
Ryoko-san on purpose like that.  I don't."  She sighed.  "We all wanted to 
believe you hadn't at first, but when you left with them -- we didn't know what 
to think anymore."  She looked at up at her former partner.  "Why didn't you 
protest against your leave?  You may have lost your job, but you wouldn't have 
lost us.  Right?"

"Because," Kiyone said through gritted teeth.  "What was the point?  I 
considered it.  But the guilt would stay with me forever -- Ryoko-san couldn't 
stay on Earth then, right?  With those space pirates after her tail and the GP 
ready to net her in.  I'd be living with guilt that I had destroyed a member of 
the family."  She laughed bitterly.  "But now I know that it was just a poor 
excuse to delude myself.  I broke the family.  I shattered it."

"But . . . but shattered things can be mended!" Mihoshi protested.

Mihoshi's plea fell on deaf ears, as Kiyone sat, wallowing in her re-flamed 
guilt.

---

"Come in."

Ryoko entered the throne room hesitantly, and saw Sasami.  Her breath drew in 
sharply, and she steeled herself, holding a pillar nearby to steady her weak 
self.  "Sasami," she said.  Her brow furrowed.  "Or is it Tsunami now?"

Sasami looked at her friend sadly.  "Ryoko-oneechan . . ."  A flicker of 
recognition flew in Sasami's eyes, of her childish self.  "Please . . .  you 
know that . . ."

"Tsunami.  Don't tease me with the past," Ryoko said sharply.  "Let's get down 
to business.  You don't need to hurt me more than I have been -- I feel guilty 
already."

"Don't you understand?  We're one now, Ryoko-oneechan," came the coaxing voice 
from the princess.  "Tsunami and I are one, Ryoko-oneechan.  You didn't kill me.  
No one did."

Ryoko ignored her, one arm akimbo.  "So.  What's my punishment?"  There was a 
certain edge to her voice that made Sasami very quiet.  "Torture?  Death?  Or 
let me live so I suffer for my deeds?"  A dark smirk appeared on her face. 
"Because that's fine with me.  Hell, I've had so many people haunt me about 
their death -- that's what Kagato wanted too."  She scowled.

"Ryoko-oneechan, I would *never* --"

"You wouldn't, but would Tsunami?"  Ryoko stared at her straight in the eye.  
"Tell me.  Now that you two are one, who will decide?"

They were quiet for a long moment.

It was then that Sasami spotted the tears trickling down Ryoko's face.

"God, Sasami . . . why did you try to save me?  Why?  Because you wanted me to 
owe you something?" Ryoko asked her softly, walking towards near a large window 
and looking out.  "I was trying to save you!  And why did you come back?  So you 
could live -- I knew that your parents couldn't handle a loss of a child."  She 
paused.  "Loss is horrible."

"Ryoko-oneechan . . ."

"And even if it was . . ."  She muffled a half-chuckle into her tears, "Even if 
it was Aeka, I would have done it.  Besides, if both of us couldn't have Tenchi 
together, at least one of us would."

The princess walked over to the space pirate.  "You didn't kill me," she said 
softly.  "I'm still here.  Only . . . we've combined."

The "we" sounded so wrong.  Ryoko turned her to, wiping her tear-stained face 
dry, and bit her lip.  "You could've had your childhood.  Why did you come 
back?"

"Because!  We're family.  I couldn't let you die."  For a moment, Ryoko thought 
she saw the real Sasami shining through, but then the regal one took over, and 
she sighed.  "Besides, what else should I have done?  Watch you die when I knew 
very well that I could save you?"

"No!  You've sacrificed your childhood!" Ryoko protested.  "For me!"

Frustrated, she punched the wall, leaving a cracked dent.  "Dammit, Sasami . . . 
I wasn't worth it.  Maybe if it was for Aeka or Tenchi or Mihoshi or someone 
like that -- then maybe I would have understood.  They know where they're going.  
They have a future."  She laughed cruelly.  "But me?  I'm a space pirate.  
Wanted by the Galaxy Police, and caught!  My reputation's tainted.  Earth isn't 
my home anymore.  And what am I going to do?"

"I thought you liked life on the run?" was Sasami's reply, but she smiled 
kindly.  "And what about the Terran boy?"

Not noting the changes between Sasami and Tsunami so rapidly, Ryoko looked up, 
snarling.  "Tenchi?" she said, laughing.  "He's picked Aeka."  She ran a finger 
through her hair.  "He was trying to say goodbye to me on Washu's ship.  He 
should've just let me drown in misery, wondering if he ever picked me or Aeka, 
so I could live in peace."  

"He cared about you," Sasami pointed out.

"Cared?  I was just a tenant in his home!  I wonder . . . were all those moments 
of affection he gave me just false?  Just to please himself?"

Sasami let out a gasp.  "Ryo-Ryoko-oneechan!"  She became dignified again.  "We 
both know that he is not that sort of a person."

"Do we?"  Ryoko's tone was challenging.  "He's so different now -- he might've 
changed.  How old is he now?  Twenty-one?  And he has longer hair in a ponytail 
-- not that skimpy rattail."  She smiled sadly.  "Yes, he's quite a catch," she 
added sarcastically.  "Who knows -- maybe he does really hate me for bringing 
all that trouble to him."

"Your troubles were equal to anyone else's troubles," Sasami pointed out.  "And 
he would never hurt anyone on purpose.  He's the kindest person I know -- you 
and I both know that.  Besides, don't you think there's a reason he's never told 
you who he's 'picked'?  He doesn't want to hurt anyone in the process."  

Ryoko shrugged carelessly.  "Whatever," she mumbled.

"Well."  Sasami moved swiftly, and Ryoko looked up.  "I have an appointment to 
meet with other people right now.  I'm sorry that our time is cut short," she 
said, smiling apologetically.  "But we'll continue this later."  She tipped her 
head slightly, motioning towards the doorway.  "By the way, the lounge is open.  
I'll meet you shortly there."

Sasami left, and Ryoko sighed.

Then Sasami stuck her head in again.  "Oh, by the way, Ryoko-oneechan."

"What is it?" Ryoko said, getting up.  "You want me to leave now?  Afraid I'll 
steal something?"

Sasami laughed lightly.  "Hardly, stay as long as you want.  But --"  Her eyes 
grew soft.  "Just because someone loves you doesn't mean they should chase you 
wherever you go.  Isn't that true?  It's a balanced effort.  And perhaps there 
are unsaid words that you must say . . ."

She left again, and Ryoko stared after her, stunned.

'Unsaid words, huh?'

---

Tenchi sat nervously in a wooden chair inside yet another empty conference room, 
gnawing on his bottom lip.  Several Jurain guards were outside by the doorway, 
waiting for Funaho and Misaki to enter. 

Squirming, Tenchi firmly decided he didn't like wooden chairs at all.  They 
weren't comfy to say the least -- but they were gorgeous.  On the armrest were 
intricate designs weaving in and out of each other, made of wood.  He boggled at 
it for a moment -- the designs made the wood seem so bendable, so flexible.

Upon closer inspection, he could make out figures on the chair.  Standing up, he 
stared at the back.  Two girls -- one with what looked like the ponytail and the 
other one with a band around her forehead with long hair -- stood together.  
Adjacent to them stood a young girl with spiky hair.  Down below were two men -- 
one was an old man and the other was not a old.  On the opposite side was a 
young girl with long pigtails carrying a creature in her arms.  In the middle 
stood a boy with a rattail; a spiky-haired girl on one side of him and a another 
girl with long hair on the other side.

Tenchi nearly fell over.

"Beautiful, isn't it?  Sasami-dono had it designed by Ryuuten's top wood 
carvers."

Funaho's elegant voice broke his moment of shock, and Tenchi whirled around to 
see her and Misaki entering.  He bowed respectfully and nervously.  "H-Hello," 
he siad.

"Oh~!  It's so good to see you~!" Misaki cooed, and proceeded to glomp Tenchi, 
who would have suffocated had Misaki not released him at the right time.  
"Aren't you just as adorable as I remembered..."  She touched his shoulder-
length ponytail.  "And longer hair!  Makes you look more mature," Misaki said, 
and hugged him again for another measure.

Misaki obviously had not changed.

Funaho simply shook Tenchi's hand. "It is good to see you," she agreed.  "I'm 
sorry that we called to see you in such a short notice.  But I'm glad that . . . 
all of you managed to come," she said slowly.

"Yeah, what a coincidence, huh?" Tenchi said.

Misaki giggled, and Funaho shot her a look, then smiled.  "How has your time 
been on Earth?"

"Good," Tenchi said, biting his lip.

"I saw Yosho before.  He seemed to be doing well . . . although he said he 
missed 'the old days.'"

The phrase made Tenchi cringe vividly.

"How is my Aeka-chan?" Misaki asked.

"Good.  Good," Tenchi said.  // Who am I kidding, I'm lying through my teeth!  
And to royalty -- I wonder if they behead you if you lie?  Well, it's not like I 
can tell them the truth: Yeah, we're doing horrible and we miss everyone, but we 
just can't admit anything 'cause we're all concerned about saving face. //

He swallowed nervously.  // Especially me. //

"Good," Funaho said.  "Please, sit down."

Tugging his collar, Tenchi sat down hesitantly back into his chair, and Funaho 
and Misaki pulled up their own chairs and sat, smiling.  Aware of the silence 
that loomed, Tenchi shifted his position and looked at them blankly; 
expectantly.

"What do you think of family heirlooms?" Funaho said slowly.

"Family heirlooms?"

"You know.  Belongings passed on from generation to generation.  Valuable 
things.  Irreplaceable things."

"Um . . ."  Tenchi scratched his head, curious to see where this was heading.  
"I guess they're pretty important.  We have a lot."  His face softened.  "Like 
my mother's belongings -- not many people would consider them heirlooms, but 
they are to me."

Both women smiled fondly at him.  "So you're in favor of them . . .," Misaki 
said slowly, and looked to Funaho for confirmation of some sort.

Tenchi blinked.  "I guess you could say that."

"We have an heirloom," Funaho said, shrugging.  "An old antique mirror, from the 
days of Queen Hinasei herself -- 'anata' kept it."  She smiled, then frowned.  
"It got cracked recently, though.  A few hairlines around it -- it does make a 
bad impression."

"That's right," Misaki chimed in, as if on cue.  "What a shame to throw it out 
and get a new one.  Although I suppose I could always start a new heirloom."  
She brightened at the thought.

Tenchi's eyes fell on the mirror hanging in the back with the cracks.  "That 
one?" he said surprise.  "You could hardly notice the cracks!"

"Yes, but up close, you can," Funaho said dismissively.  "That's all -- we're 
getting it disposed of.  Now --"

"Wait!" Tenchi said.  "That one?  You can't be serious."  He didn't know why he 
was getting so passionate over a *mirror,* for crying out loud.  "You shouldn't.  
You can hardly notice them."

"But one day, the mirror will fall.  It's already weakened," Misaki countered.

"No . . . you can fix it.  I don't know if Jurai as the equivalent of glue or 
something even higher to it, I bet, but --"

"How will that fix it?" Funaho said.  "You can still see the cracks."

This was getting ridiculous -- but then again, that nagging feeling told Tenchi 
that they weren't talking about mirrors anymore.  "So?  If it's a family 
heirloom, then it's very precious.  It must be irreplaceable, like you said.  
You shouldn't throw that out."  He was adamant.

"So if it was yours . . . you would keep it?" Misaki said thoughtfully.

"Of course!" Tenchi said.  "I'd fix it, make sure it was sturdy.  Mend the 
mirror."

And then, both women beamed.

"I think he passed," Funaho said softly.

Misaki squealed, leaning in for another hug with Tenchi.  "Excellent, 
excellent!" she prided.  With that, she and Funaho stood up, and Tenchi stood up 
as well, surprised.

"What did I pass?" Tenchi said, confused, and followed them out the door.

"The conference room is that way," Misaki said.  "Ten-chan, good luck!"  With 
that, she went off.

Cringing at the nickname, Tenchi looked helplessly at Funaho.  She merely smiled 
at him, patting his shoulder.  "Tenchi-dono," she said regally, "I hope you will 
apply your beliefs on our heirloom to your own heirlooms."  With that, she left, 
leaving a confused boy behind.

// "My heirlooms" . . . huh? // he thought slowly, a soft smile reaching his 
lips, then his eyes.  // Am I the one to fix the mirror? //

He paused, stepping out into the hallway.

// To mend the mirror . . . //

---

"I'm sorry I'm late . . . oh, I see you've already been acquainted."

There was a trace of a smile on Washu's lips as she got up, greeting Sasami.  
"You've grown," she said softly.  "Or am I talking to my sister?" she asked, 
amused.

Sasami frowned slightly.   "You're like your daughter, you know," she said 
authoritatively, but with a sense of childishness, that didn't let Washu pick 
apart the two personalities.  "Both of you were upset that I combined.  Don't 
be."

"I am," Washu said.  "You were still a child.  And now you're . . . this."

"You make me sound like an experiment," Sasami said thinly, hitting a nerve.  
"And look at you.  Quite adult-like.  Or did you just take this temporary form 
for now, since Tokimi blessed you with your memories for now?"

Washu shot her look, but another voice interrupted both of them.

"Really.  I give Washu back her memories briefly, and we have clashes," came the 
bemused voice from a ghostly figure nearby.  She was much more regal than both, 
and it was no doubt that she held immense power.

This was Tokimi.

"I don't want these memories after this," Washu said crisply.  "This was my past 
life.  I don't want to be a part of it anymore -- I have a new life now.  
Established."

"Done, I suppose," Tokimi said with a touch of arrogance.  "Such testy 
requests."

"So.  What was I called here for?" Washu asked.  Indeed, she had changed briefly 
-- the child body had been replaced by an adult one, but the same tactful look 
in the eyes.

Sasami sat across from Washu at her coffee table, and Tokimi loomed above them 
in her near-transparent form.  A sort of radiance glowed from the young woman 
and Tsunami could be clearly seen within and throughout her.  "Well.  We needed 
your assistance to get this fulfilled.  After all, you are our only connection," 
she said in a gentle demeanor, expelling Sasami from her roots for now.  "Right, 
Oneesama?"

Washu arched an eyebrow.  "I'd rather you didn't call me that," she said.  "It's 
awkward for me."

Sasami/Tsunami smiled.  "As you wish."

"You do realize that your 'family' is falling in shambles?" Tokimi said calmly, 
with that usual air of arrogance again.  "We've noticed in these last three 
years, to be precise.  They've split up.  And according to Tsunami, we aren't 
pointing any fingers."

"It can be anyone's," Sasami/Tsunami said justly.  "Even Sasami-chan's, which 
she believes it is."

"Wait," Washu said.  "Before we continue.  Did you not tell me you were both?"

"Not completely," Sasami/Tsunami said softly.  "You must understand that.  Since 
she forced the merging too early, I couldn't settle in completely.  So at times, 
we can flush each other out for a limited moment of time.  We still shine 
through uniquely as we are now one, but in rare cases, we can become ourselves 
again.  In a while, this 'ability' will go away, since the merging will be 
complete then."

Washu stared at the palm of her hands.  "And she gave up her childhood . . ."

"She saw your daughter worthy to risk her life for," Sasami/Tsunami said gently.  
Washu frowned at her questionably, but Sasami/Tsunami put a finger to her lips.  
"Later, you shall hear."

"Back to the issue at hand," Tokimi said impatiently.  "I cannot stay here long 
-- I'm not usually requested my presence around here.  I haven't been here in a 
while."  The ghost gave a whispery-like sigh.  "Now."  Washu missed the 
disconcerted glance she gave to Sasami/Tsunami before continuing.  "You must 
understand that your family's break is dangerous."

"Dangerous?" Washu repeated.

Tokimi seemed very reluctant to continue.  "Fate hasn't chosen that path for 
your family," she said uncomfortably.  "Apparently, 'bigger' things will 
happen."

"Indeed," Sasami/Tsunami said serenely.

"Details?" Washu demanded.

Tokimi sighed, staring at Sasami/Tsunami, who simply shook her head.  "None," 
she said.  "The future is an unclear thing.  You cannot make out details."

"Then how do you know this?  That 'bigger' things will happen?"

Tokimi made a noise that sounded like she was clearing her throat.  "My time is 
up," she said.

Answering Washu's question, Sasami/Tsunami said, "No more questions.  Your duty 
is to bring the family back together.  It will become everyone's duty sooner or 
later, but you are the one who is aware.  And that is the only part we will put 
back in your memories after this."

Washu sat in silence, and both women ignored the other goddess.

"What are you asking me to do?" Washu said finally, heaving a sigh.

Sasami/Tsunami's eyes twinkled.  "Put the mongoose and snake in the same room; 
do not interfere.  Capture the bird that constantly flees -- and break all the 
handcuffs that she is chained within.  And kindle the flame."

"I don't like riddles," Washu retorted immediately, but Tokimi vanished with 
that, and Sasami's authoritative voice seemed to mold into one now -- Tsunami 
had lost complete control and gained back only half. 

"It's time to go back," Sasami said, putting her hands around both sides of 
Washu's head.  "And besides, it'd be no fun if I gave you the complete answers, 
would I?"

Washu's eyes shut briefly -- all memories hurtling out of her, and her 
experience today -- except the riddles and Sasami/Tsunami's request.  She 
blinked, and she was in child state again.

"So," Sasami said.  "Please do what I said, Washu.  It's very important, for the 
sake of your family.  And Fate's decision."

"Agreed," Washu said grudgingly, and left the room peacefully.

Moments later, Tokimi materialized again, looming above a smiling Sasami.

"Since when has innocent and angelic Tsunami plotted, I'm dying to know," she 
said coldly.  "And for the record, Tsunami, I want you to know that I only did 
this because you put me up to it.  You know well enough that there is no 
'danger' Fate has chosen for the family; I can't believe I went along with your 
ludicrous story.  You're simply trying to make the others bring back the family 
together for your own happiness.  They are your pawns."

"I wouldn't be talking, Tokimi," Sasami said thinly.  "You are talking to both 
of us now.  We are one.  And besides . . . who are you to talk about pawns?  I 
am doing this to ensure their happiness.  Because I won't be a part of it."

"Very well," came the snappish reply, and Tokimi vanished.

Sasami was alone now, and she gazed out the window at the Promise Tree.  "For 
the sake of our family . . . our shattered happiness . . ."

---

Aeka entered the conference room/lounge -- the last person in.  They looked up 
at her -- some in surprise, some in familiarity, and others in distaste.

Or rather, another *one* in distaste -- only one person looked at her that 
loathingly.

Ignoring Ryoko's look, she came in regally, and Tenchi got up.  "Aeka-san!"

"I'm glad to see that you arrived here safely, Tenchi-sama," Aeka said, smiling.  
"And Mihoshi-san as well."  She lifted an eyebrow as she saw Washu and Kiyone -- 
how many years had it been?  She herself had to suppress a sneer as she looked 
at Kiyone.  "Hello," she said calmly.

Kiyone did not return the look of contempt -- an almost guilty look was on her 
face, and Aeka suddenly felt guilty herself.  "Hello, Aeka-san," she said 
softly.  "It's been a while, hasn't it?"

"I agree," Aeka said, and looked at Washu.  "And you too, Washu-san."

Washu gave a relaxed shrug.  "Aeka-dono," she said as her way of greeting, 
nodding her head.

Aeka's eyes briefly met Ryoko.  The room felt it -- the lull in the 
conversation; the static.  It hadn't been exactly a glare, but then again, it 
wasn't exactly friendship either.  Ryo-ohhki, still in her girl form, rushed to 
hold Aeka's hand.  Aeka sat on an elegant armchair nearby, with Ryo-ohki in her 
lap.  "Why are we all here?" she asked.  "I was told to come here."

The others nodded, and Tenchi cleared his throat.  "We have to get something 
clear, you guys," he said slowly.  "We're finally together again -- since three 
years ago."

"I don't have *time* for a sappy family reunion," Ryoko suddenly snapped, 
getting up from her chair.  "I have things to do, people to see, places to go."

"Sit down," Washu commanded.

"You're not my *mother*," Ryoko spat hatefully.  "What kind of mother are you?  
You should have kept your eye on me since my birth, you know.  But your student 
steals me, and you probably couldn't care less because I was another one of your 
test tube subjects."  The intensity in her voice grew.  "And you took *sides* 
with Kiyone!  When the GP came -- 'Yes, Ryoko-chan has been wild: it might be 
best for her if she resides in space for a bit.'" 

"I *never*!" Washu snapped back angrily.  "Don't begin to imply false things 
without evidence!"

"Quiet!" Katsuhito said sharply, and both women quieted down.  The others looked 
in surprise in his direction.  "I won't have this -- this quarreling.  Pointless 
quarreling of the past.  If you keep looking towards the past, you'll trip, and 
never be able to regain your footing.  Now, we're here to clear things up.  This 
is not a talk show about our feelings."  His voice was curt.

The others sat silently, and Tenchi threw a grateful look towards his 
grandfather.  "We have to know the truth," he said wistfully.  "I don't care if 
our family doesn't get back together after this -- you guys can all stay in 
space, and not ever come back to my home -- it doesn't really matter to me."  

No one missed the lapse in his speech, however.

"We have to know what happened -- *I* want to know the truth," Tenchi pleaded.

Aeka bit her lip.  "Tenchi-sama . . ."

"And so you shall," said a familiar voice.

The others turned to the doorway, seeing Sasami smiling, amused.

"Since this is my story and my family too, don't I get a chance?" she giggled.

"Then let us hear it," Katsuhito deemed.

---

EPISODE TEASER:

AEKA: I thought our problems would be solved once we were on Jurai -- just talk, 
but now we're going back through time . . . wondering what happened, where we 
went wrong.

But Ryoko-san and I . . .

Next time on Shattered Mirror: "The Mongoose and the Snake"!

Tenchi-sama, who do you love?

---

AUTHOR's NOTES:

Whew!  Sorry for the delay, folks.  This one took me a while.  As this series 
progress, there will be less action like you saw -- now's the emotional stuff 
coming up.  The next episode partly deals with lots of flashback -- confused 
readers now know what happened.  And there's more Ryoko/Aeka friction: something 
that hasn't died since.  Of course, I wouldn't call this your normal petty 
argument at first.

The goddess part had to be thrown in -- I was tempted.  ^_^  And Tokimi; well, I 
imagined her with the Touma Yumi voice and all and I saw her kind of arrogant [I 
haven't seen the original Tokimi to judge it, so I can't say].  Please note that 
the whole goddess thing might be different from what you understand in the OVA -
- it's always unclear to the fans about this [and it'll be cleared in OVA3 
anyway] so I just tossed that in for a good measure.

Why does Sasami/Tsunami speak in riddles, I had a beta reader ask me.  The fact 
is, I don't want Sasami/Tsunami saying, "Go help Ryoko and Aeka.  Go help 
Mihoshi," etc. etc.  That's very straightforward.  [Or maybe I'm too into 
metaphorical stuff.]

The title "Shattered Mirror" actually did come from Funaho and Misaki's lesson.  
^^;  If a bit cheesy, but I found it interesting.  If somewhat odd . . .

More of everyone's feelings [why Ryoko thinks Tenchi doesn't truly like her and 
so forth] is explained next.  ^_^  Enjoy it.

-- Emily "Mink" Koh
    July 11th, 2001
