SHATTERED MIRROR 
Part 5: Familiar Echoes 
by Emily "Mink" Koh 
 
*** 
 
DISCLAIMER: "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki" is (c) 1992, AIC and Pioneer.  I 
don't own it.  "Shattered Mirror" is (c) 2000-2001, Emily Koh 
(mink249@aol.com).  Do not repost elsewhere without my consent. 
 
*** 
 
Sasami smiled rather coldly.  "Hello," she said.  "Come in.  You must 
be exhausted from your journey."  Two pink spots appeared on her cheek. 
 "I heard about the ruckus at the Sol System checkpoint . . . no doubt 
you will be tired." 
 
Reluctantly, her older sister and Katsuhito followed Sasami into the 
throne room.  "Tea?  Nanase can serve it."  She looked towards the 
eager servant in the room. 
 
"No thank you, we're both fine," Aeka said crisply.  She was still 
shocked with the fact that a.) her sister was now next in line, since 
b.) she had been stripped of her title BY her sister, and c.) Tenchi 
had gone off to save Ryoko when he could've been with her. 
 
"Certainly," Katsuhito said, contradicting Aeka's statement, and she 
arched an eyebrow at him but remained silent.  "We're both famished -- 
we haven't had much to eat in a while, if you'll excuse us.  Too much 
excitement."  His tone, unlike Aeka's, was warm and fair.  "And if you 
don't mind me asking, is Okaasama around?" 
 
The blue-haired princess smiled.  "Funaho-okaasama is here, yes," she 
said.  "She must be out in the garden."  She cleared her throat 
momentarily.  Nanase got the message, and left the room with 
Katsuhito's orders.  Sasami continued when she was not there.  "And if 
you don't mind, I'm sure I have a lot of catching up to do with 
Oneesama." 
 
Katsuhito understood.  "I'll see if Okaasama is indeed in the garden," 
he said, getting up.  "I'll come back for my tea."  As he left the 
room, he ignored Aeka's pleading eyes.  Katsuhito had a knack for 
knowing when people had serious things to discuss, and in truth, he did 
not think Sasami had dangerous intentions.  In fact, he thought he 
would've quite approved with Sasami's idea if he knew what it was. 
 Besides, Aeka had to do this on her own. 
 
Aeka swore under her breath uncharacteristically as Katsuhito left.  // 
Of course, Tenchi leaves, and now my own brother decides to desert me 
as well, // she thought bitterly, but prompted a forced smile to 
Sasami.  "What was it you wanted to catch up on, Sasami?" she inquired, 
forcing herself not to quiver.  "After all, when you took off three 
years ago, it was quite unexpected." 
 
Sasami smiled -- that meaningless smile that held no sincerity, a 
hidden meaning; something that vexed Aeka constantly now.  "Oh, just 
some things . . . I suppose you have been on Earth all this time, being 
under Tenchi-dono's care?" 
 
The lack of Sasami's honorific -- the usual "Tenchi-niichan" -- and 
this polite term hurt Aeka's ears.  Attempting not to show her shock at 
the change in Sasami [and failing miserably], Aeka said, "Certainly. 
 Mihoshi-san and I have been there." 
 
"Ah.  So Ryoko-dono didn't come crawling back . . ." 
 
"Sasami!"  The defense was shocking to both girls.  "Ryo-Ryoko-san is 
not one to come crawling back!  She has dignity," Aeka hissed. 
 Momentarily, she was confused.  Why had she defended her rival?  The 
one she hated the most? 
 
Her . . . friend? 
 
Scowling derisively, Aeka quickly said, "And Ryoko has no right to be 
called 'Ryoko-dono.'  Even her own mother will agree with me." 
 
" . . . Have you had any contact with Washu-dono?" 
 
"Contact?"  Aeka shook her head.  "She's been as elusive as you've been 
in these three years.  Although . . . I think she was at the Sol System 
checkpoint.  I couldn't be sure." 
 
"I see."  Sasami licked her lips.  "Come with me." 
 
It was an order, not a request, and Aeka followed her unwillingly. 
 They entered Sasami's chambers, and momentarily stopped at Sasami's 
balcony.  "Do you see remember . . . three years ago, we all came to 
Jurai?" 
 
A smile flickered on Aeka's face.  "How could I not?" she said softly, 
then laughed.  "Otousama was very upset at meeting Tenchi-sama again. 
 I remember it so clearly . . . and Ryoko-san got a hangover because 
she went on a drinking binge that day, after Okaasama chased her.  We 
found her at a bar . . . everyone was so startled that THE space pirate 
Ryoko was on Jurai!" 
 
"Even more surprising was the fact that the royal family was protecting 
her," Sasami said softly in a way that was so different from the strict 
person Aeka had just encountered that Aeka snapped her head up in 
surprise. 
 
"Sasami . . . ?" she said gingerly. 
 
Her name broke off the transformation -- whatever it had been -- and 
Sasami became quite business-like again.  "See that tree over there?" 
she said.  "That is the remainders of our Promise Tree."  She gave a 
stoic grin.  "Cruel irony, you might call it.  Coincidental, that it 
follows the fall of our family." 
 
A lump formed in Aeka's throat, and she remembered something she had 
wanted to discuss.  "We... well, we heard at the Sol System checkpoint 
that a member of the royal family of Jurai died."  She didn't add the 
murdered part.  "Who was it?" 
 
Sasami ignored her question.  "Saa," she said simply, and Aeka had no 
choice but to follow.  They went down the stairs from the balcony to a 
small garden pond nearby, done in traditional Japanese style. 
 
"Do you know how to skip stones?" Sasami asked. 
 
The silliness of the question made Aeka frown and scrutinize her own 
sister.  "Sasami?" she said softly.  "What ludicrous questions!" 
 
"Do you?" Sasami asked. 
 
"Of course not!" Aeka said. 
 
Sasami smiled. "Tenchi-dono can, can't he?  I remember."  Nearby, she 
picked up a flat gray stone, rubbing her fingers over the smooth 
surface.  In a rather unlady-like movement, she allowed the stone to 
skip over the water. 
 
"Wonderful," Aeka said with a hint of sarcasm in her voice that she had 
failed to mask completely.  "Is that all?" 
 
Sasami placed a rock in her sister's hand.  "Just try it." 
 
Aeka failed to see the point of this exercise, but complied rather 
reluctantly, lest she make a fool out of herself.  She flicked it 
effortlessly. 
 
It sailed twice without sinking.  On the third skip, the rock sunk. 
 
The purple-haired princess smiled bitterly and looked at her sister. 
 "Now that you've made a fool out of myself, what did you really want 
to discuss?" 
 
Her sister didn't hear her.  "Ripples," Sasami said.  "When a rock 
sinks, it causes ripples.  Almost like an earthquake.  Affects the 
peace of the entire pond, doesn't it?" 
 
The philosophical statement suddenly made sense in Aeka's mind and she 
glared at Sasami -- an odd moment for her.  She hated being mad at her 
sister, but this sister, who had left her three years ago and had 
declared that Aeka was not fit to be an heir to Jurai, and left them on 
Earth -- she deserved to be glared at, Aeka thought fiercely. 
 
"I didn't come here to be lectured on our family," Aeka retorted 
tartly. 
 
"Ah . . . but you see, that's why we're all connected.  Because of what 
happened, and we can't escape that." 
 
--- 
 
Kiyone shut her eyes briefly, rubbing her temples.  This was all just a 
bad dream, she reassured herself.  A nightmare come true.  She was not 
participating in helping the space pirate Ryoko escape from the Galaxy 
Police; she was merely a hostage.  Innocent bystander. 
 
// No, // she thought bitterly.  // If I really was so loyal to the GP 
and not aiding Ryoko in her escape, I'd do something about it now.  // 
 
Loyalty was one of those things that had Kiyone confused.  She thought 
she knew what it was, when she used to live on Earth.  Loyal to her 
family, even to Ryoko, and she hadn't done a thing.  Never dreamed of 
hurting her -- they were a family.  Something that Kiyone had failed to 
attain in childhood and something she had never been familiar with. 
 
Of course, when GP had contacted her . . . what could she tell them? 
 "Sorry, but now that I'm living with Ryoko, I can't perform my duties 
as I had planned"?  They had told her that Ryoko was wanted by several 
space pirates whom she was indebted to, and were off to find a suitable 
punishment [namely, death] for her for the overdue payment. 
 
So she had tried to warn Ryoko.  In order not to scare anyone, she had 
taken Ryoko to the Okayama mountains, providing the excuse that it was 
merely a hiking trip to "talk" about their differences -- a police 
officer and a criminal.  Of course, how was Kiyone to know that the GP 
forces had landed on Earth and had managed to tag her location?  And 
they had come to take Ryoko away? 
 
She shut her eyes.  The look in Ryoko's eyes -- of anger, of confusion, 
of bewilderment -- had stayed with her all this time.  
 
And she pleaded innocent -- to everyone -- but when the GP forces gave 
her a pat and said that Kiyone had been excellent, what could she say? 
 They had set her up, really?  She had lost not only a friend, but her 
family. 
 
She had no one to turn to, anyway.  With her family gone, the Galaxy 
Police were the only ones who would take her in, thanks to her 
"accomplishments."  She had never gotten a chance to explain -- and who 
would believe her, anyway?  She remembered Tenchi telling her that 
family was forever, but promotions were only temporary joy.  Had she 
thrown them away for that? 
 
// No! // she thought firmly, unwilling to cry.  // I am not weak.  I 
was right.  No one believed. // 
 
She sighed.  // I didn't try hard enough. // 
 
She studied Tenchi, hunched over a half-conscious Ryoko inside what 
looked eerily like a white plastic casket.  The top was glass, but was 
rarely on, due to Tenchi's presence.  He hadn't left Ryoko's side ever 
since Washu had gotten her in and begun to heal her weak system from 
the subspace cell. 
 
Kiyone smiled, in spite of the grim situations.  It was obvious that 
Tenchi cared a lot.  In fact, it was Tenchi who had confided in Kiyone 
alone whom he had liked.  He seemed like the little brother she never 
had -- not the one where they had sibling rivalry, but the one where 
they were a team in rare moments.  She had never gotten close to Tenchi 
or found any attraction to him like the other girls; he was just 
another person in her family. 
 
Then she cringed.  What kind of sister was she?  Turning her back on 
him?  He hadn't said anything to her before she left, but the hurt look 
he had given her -- along with everyone else's bewildered faces -- were 
enough to worm immense guilt into her heart. 
 
She wondered briefly if she could make it up: apologize; explain.   
 
Looking at Tenchi with Ryoko, she gritted her teeth.  What was the 
point?  She had caused this, and it added to her list of Things to 
Apologize For.  Besides, it was too late.  It wasn't worth trying -- 
she'd simply humiliate herself. 
 
// The least I can do is be nice, I suppose, // she thought bitterly. 
 
Mihoshi came over leisurely.  "Tea?" she asked conversationally, but 
not amiably.  "Washu-san had some tea bags left over -- I guess she 
took some before she left us," she said, smiling blandly. 
 
Washu had taken an apparent liking to tea, Kiyone noted.  She and Ryoko 
had left Earth almost instantly after the Galaxy Police incident -- 
only Ryoko was a refuge and Kiyone was under the GP's wing.  Mihoshi 
had refused to embark with them, and due to her "lack of loyalty," her 
own ship was taken away from her, as well as her GP officer rights. 
 And shortly after, Washu had left Earth to help her daughter -- only 
it turned out that Ryoko had decided to forget everything on Earth 
completely, including her mother. 
 
"Tea?" Kiyone snorted.  "Amazing how you actually made some decent 
tea," she remarked, sipping the cup that Mihoshi handed her.  Mihoshi 
offered a smile, but as she turned away, Kiyone caught the hurt look. 
 
// So much for nice, // she thought, cringing.  // Strike one. // 
 
She flexed her fingers.  Once she had been transferred to Washu's ship, 
Washu had untied her, as long as Kiyone promised not to do anything 
irrational.  Not that Kiyone could -- or would, Washu knew.  Guilt was 
apparent. 
 
"So," Kiyone said calmly, "where are you headed to?  Taking refuge in 
space now?" 
 
"We're off to Jurai," Mihoshi answered her thinly.  "Aeka-san got a 
message . . . which concerned her status on Jurai," she said 
uncomfortably.  "She went ahead with Tenchi's grandfather to talk with 
Sasami-chan." 
 
There was a moment of silence, and Kiyone looked up, cricking an 
eyebrow.  "Is this some kind of sick joke?" she said. 
 
Mihoshi blinked, and Tenchi's ears perked up, but Washu didn't seem 
particularly surprised. 
 
"Sasami's dead," Kiyone said softly.  "Is Aeka-san hoping to soothe her 
guilt by talking to Sasami-chan's ghost?" she asked not unkindly. 
 
"... Dead?" Mihoshi repeated, swallowing nervously.   
 
At this point, Tenchi turned around.  "We heard a member of the royal 
family on Jurai was..."  He corrected himself and said, "A member of 
the royal family on Jurai died."  His eyes flicked to Ryoko briefly and 
no one missed it.  "Is that Sasami-chan?" 
 
"Well, it's top secret right now -- but what's the point?  You're bound 
to find out sooner or later," Kiyone said.  She blurted out before she 
could stop herself, "And you know who the perpetrator is?  It's Ryo--" 
 
"That's a lie," Tenchi interrupted. 
 
His sudden vigor surprised everyone.  "Ryoko... Ryoko might've killed 
people under Kagato's control," he said as evenly as he could.  "But... 
not by choice.  Not Sasami-chan."  He shook his head.  "I refuse to 
believe it.  No." 
 
No one protested. 
 
// Because that's what we all want to believe, // Kiyone thought sadly. 
 
Before anyone could respond, the ship jolted forward and everyone fell 
over. 
 
"Wh-what was that?!" 
 
On the main screen computer, an angry man showed up, shaking his fist. 
 He looked like a typical space pirate wannabe that Kiyone had often 
caught on her patrols.  "Watch where you're going!" he shrilled. 
 
"Excuse you," Washu said flatly.  "I believe you crashed into my ship." 
 
"What's with the prim and proper act?!  This is a race!  No time for 
formalities!" 
 
With that, the connection clicked off, and as Washu scratched her head, 
muttering something about "young people" in space today, Kiyone 
suddenly got a bad feeling. 
 
"Washu-san," she said, "can we get a widescreen visual?" 
 
Beaming at the honorific [and finally glad she was getting at least 
*some* respect, Washu agreed.  "Done~!" she agreed.  "Computer, 
widescreen visual!" 
 
The computer complied, and a panoramic view of space ahead of them 
popped up. 
 
Thousands of ships passed by them, barely missing them.  All the junk 
on Washu's main computer window had blocked the view of actual space. 
 Each ship seemed to have a yellow banner trailing out stylishly 
somewhere. 
 
"What is this?" Mihoshi asked.  "A parade?" 
 
"It's a race held by Plareica," Kiyone said, scowling.  "A nearby 
planet . . . they're not one with a great reputation.  It's a poor 
nation there -- it's a horrible dictatorship over there.  The Galaxy 
Police has always been after Plareica's royal family for not properly 
taking care of the nation." 
 
"Plareican races are out of control," Washu said critically.  "They 
have this huge 'jackpot' for the winner -- a nice sum for the winner, 
eh?  Anyway, Plareica's royal family holds this race to jeer at all the 
poor families entering so that they can win the money to feed their 
family."  She sighed.  "The thing is, the race routes are not monitored 
-- besides cameras that keep track -- and they're just all around, 
interfering with traffic -- and my WORK." 
 
"It's not the GP's fault!" Kiyone blurted defensively.  "The routes are 
so wild --" 
 
"No one's blaming the GP," Washu said coolly.  "Anyway, if the race 
interferes with us on the way to Jurai, we'll be delayed." 
 
"We can't," Tenchi spoke up softly.  "I promised Aeka-san... I'd get 
there as soon as I could..." 
 
"Well, this is as soon as we can go, Tenchi-dono," Washu said briskly. 
 "I'll do my best." 
 
--- 
 
Funaho walked among the Jurai gardens quite peacefully.  Azusa had 
ordered the gardens to be constructed not long after Sasami's move back 
home -- despite his strict exterior, he obviously cared enough to see 
that his daughter felt at home after spending several years on Earth. 
 
"Okaa-sama." 
 
The empress whirled around, facing her son.  Surprised yet thrilled, 
she arched an eyebrow, smiling.  "Yosho?" she said.  "What are you 
doing here?" 
 
The old man had been replaced by a young one with thick black hair, 
tied in a long ponytail and the many wrinkles were gone from his face. 
 He wiped his glasses, then smiled, modestly dressed in his blue hakama 
and shrine caretaker outfit.  "A visit," he said calmly, coming down 
towards her.  "We were called to Jurai . . . do you know anything about 
it?" 
 
"'We'?" Funaho repeated. 
 
"Yes, Aeka and I.  Well, Tenchi, Mihoshi-san, and Ryo-ohki were with us 
as well, but they had to take care of some business," Yosho replied as 
honestly as he could. 
 
"Well," Funaho said, smiling.  "That is good to hear."  She sighed. 
 "Yes . . . it was Sasami-chan that decided to invite you all.  She 
didn't think any of you would come if she addressed a letter to you. 
 So she asked the Council to pose a rather serious one."  She laughed 
lightly.  "I admire her tactics." 
 
" . . . When I saw her, it looked like she had already joined with 
Tsunami," Yosho said gravely, after a moment of silence.  "Is this 
true?" 
 
Funaho pursed her lips.  "Lots of things have changed, Yosho." 
 
"Like?"  Yosho smiled gently.  "I'll be here for a while, I gather." 
 
"Your father is still quite ill," Funaho said.  "God forbid whatever it 
is . . . but he's been like that for quite a while -- it's gotten worse 
over the years.  Sasami-chan tends to be quite often.  Of course, 
Misaki-oneesama and I are acting on behalf of him." 
 
"Then why is it that Aeka's title was stripped by Sasami?" 
 
Funaho sighed.  "I guess . . . it had to do with a spiteful edge she 
had for a while.  Not that you would believe it!"  She chuckled softly. 
 "But . . . I guess she truly thought Aeka wasn't worthy of being heir 
to the throne.  After all, Aeka had dedicated herself to a life on 
Earth, without Jurai." 
 
"I remember when she left," Yosho said wistfully.  "The Jurai Council 
came, telling us that the princess's presence was necessary on Jurai -- 
that Otousama was 'in bad condition,' and that the princess was needed 
now.  Aeka was so stubborn . . . she didn't want to leave Tenchi."  He 
smiled at the memory.  "But she had a duty . . . " 
 
"And Sasami-chan chose to go in her place," Funaho finished gently for 
him.  "Didn't she?" 
 
"Yes."  Yosho sighed.  "Sasami, I suppose, realized the dire 
situations.  But . . . I believe that she truly gave up everything. 
 Threw away her childhood, really.  It wasn't right to pose such a fate 
on a girl so young.  In fact, I regret it -- I should have spoken up 
and gone in both of their places." 
 
"Funny how you should mention she threw away her childhood . . ." 
Funaho murmured. 
 
"Oh, Okaasama.  I heard from the Sol System checkpoint . . . a Jurai 
royal family member died.  By Ryoko's hands, if I remember correct," 
Yosho said.  "Is this true?" 
 
"It's true," Funaho agreed.  "But . . . the one who died doesn't want 
her held responsible.  I know."  She sighed.  "I don't hold her 
responsible either.  But . . ." 
 
Yosho did best not to push the matter.  "I understand," he said.  "But 
. . . why have we been called to Jurai?" 
 
Funaho smiled esoterically.  "That is all in Sasami-hime's hands." 
 
--- 
 
<I know you're awake.  Get up.> 
 
Ryoko had to force herself not to snap open her eyes -- she'd be 
staring into Tenchi's face, anyway.  That wasn't what she wanted to do. 
 
Not now, anyway. 
 
<Ryoko-chan.  He's so worried about you.> 
 
The ship jolted, and Ryoko flinched. 
 
< . . . Don't talk to me.> 
 
The ship kept lurching forward.  Ryoko cringed inwardly.  That race 
Washu and Kiyone had been talking about was going to be dangerous for 
her health -- she was going to be cramps before they even moved an inch 
forward.  Ships swarmed Washu's ship, and they grazed her fiercely. 
 
<My, my, aren't we being anti-social?> was Washu's satirical comeback. 
 
"You would think that they'd do something about security," Washu 
snapped. 
 
Ryoko cringed.  'She can hold two conversations at once . . . 
marvelous,' she thought sarcastically.  
 
Her mother -- no, this *woman* -- had no right to invade her mind.  To 
hear what she thought.  To tell her to do things.  Some mother she was, 
having no right for privacy. 
 
<Give me some privacy, will you?> Ryoko snapped. 
 
<I know you're not unconscious.  Stop faking it.> 
 
<P-r-i-v-a-c-y!> 
 
There was silence on Washu's end, and Ryoko had to stop a defiant smirk 
from creeping on her face. 
 
<Yes, glad you finally got the message,> she couldn't help retorting. 
 <What kind of person is a mother who doesn't even let their daughters 
think in peace?  You may have saved my life by hooking me to these 
wires, but really!> 
 
More silence. 
 
For a moment, Ryoko was happy.   
 
Then the guilt came. 
 
'No--!' she thought almost immediately.  'That's what's been ruining 
your life.  Guilt.  This Earthling boy taught you guilt.  You never 
knew it before you met him -- destroy it!' 
 
<You . . . >  Washu's voice whispered in her head again. 
 
<Fighting back?> Ryoko teased. 
 
<You don't deserve any more privacy,> Washu said replied coldly.  <You 
never open up.  Quite possibly, no one knows the real you -- except for 
a select few.  Me, because I can get in your head.  Sasami-chan -- you 
two may not be too close, but let's face it, she's a lot more sharp on 
everyone's personality than anyone else I know of.  And three -- 
Tenchi-dono.  Because he cares about--> 
 
<SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP--> 
 
Ryoko shut her eyes tightly. 
 
Mistake. 
 
"Ryoko?" Tenchi whispered.  "Washu-san, I think Ryoko's coming to . . 
." 
 
"Leave her alone.  Let her rest," was Washu's staunch reply. 
 
<One good thing,> Ryoko growled testily.  No response. 
 
"Naa, Ryoko..."  Tenchi stopped grasping her hand, and his own hand 
brushed back Ryoko's bangs lightly, touching her cheek hesitantly, then 
brushing it.  "Are you awake?" 
 
She froze.  His hand left hot traces, and she wanted to slap his hand 
away. 
 
"I guess not," he murmured, sighing.  "Ryoko . . ."  He continued in a 
hushed voice -- a private conversation meant for only for the two of 
them.  "You haven't changed one bit.  Wild and vivacious.  And still 
beautiful." 
 
The word that had lingered at his tongue had come out, and Ryoko felt 
the hairs on her neck stand up.  He thought she was beautiful?  She 
felt thrilled -- 
 
No.  No!  He was . . . not him.  She didn't want him.  'I used to love 
him,' she thought bitterly.  'But not now.' 
 
"Ryoko . . . when we were in that subspace place together . . ." 
 Tenchi leaned in close, whispering very softly.  "You told me that you 
could never care for me again, because I never chased after you when 
you left."  He gave an odd, humorless laugh.  "First off, I didn't have 
a ship to chase you in.  If I did, I would have followed, I swear." 
 
'Poor excuses,' Ryoko thought, clenching her fists.  Tenchi didn't 
notice, only continued to brush her cheek softly. 
 
"But . . . you're right.  I'm a coward.  I couldn't admit to my 
feelings.  My heart is weak." 
 
'Hell, yes.' 
 
"But . . . you never knew.  And it's not fair to lie to you, by smiling 
and playing along like everything's okay.  Because everything isn't.  I 
don't want to have to keep smiling at you innocently.  Ryoko, I have to 
tell you that --" 
 
She groaned out loud before she could stop herself.  'He chose Aeka. 
 He's telling me it.  I can tell . . . his voice is so full of regret.' 
 Languidly, she stretched her arms, and opened her eyes.  Tenchi's face 
was very close. 
 
He bolted up, as she did as well, biting down a scowl.  "Ryo-Ryoko?!" 
 
"Tenchi . . . ?" Ryoko mumbled, feigning a dazed state.  "Where am I . 
. . ?" 
 
"Did you hear anything?" he mumbled.  "From before?" 
 
"Before?"  
 
"Never mind," Tenchi said.  "Washu-san!  Ryoko's awake!" 
 
The ship lurched again, and Washu fell on her way over.  "Thank you, 
Tenchi-dono," she said. 
 
"Thanks?  For what?" 
 
"For waking her up."  Washu smiled. 
 
<He did not,> Ryoko retorted. 
 
"I . . . uh . . ."  Tenchi blushed.  "I'm going to have some of 
Mihoshi-san's coffee."  His eyes met briefly with Ryoko's, but she 
looked away almost immediately. 
 
As he walked off, Washu patted Ryoko's shoulder.  "Well." 
 
Ignoring the hot tears that stung her eyes, Ryoko hmphed 
contemptuously. 
 
Unplugging Ryoko from all the wires that surrounded her body, Washu 
continued in a very innocent voice, "You know we can't hang around in 
the past."  She narrowed her eyes at her daughter.  "You and I both 
know that.  All that's left are echoes.  And I suppose that they are 
memories . . . but that's all they are.  Echoes.  Nothing will be 
brought back, you know.  So be concerned about the present." 
 
With that, Washu went off [to prevent further jolts and bumps to her 
precocious ship] and Ryoko stared after her. 
 
"The present, huh?" 
 
--- 
 
EPISODE TEASER: 
 
Washu: That stupid race has delayed us, but we've finally arrived on 
Jurai!  But passions run high when we get together for a big happy 
family reunion.  And just what does Sasami-chan have up her sleeve? 
 
Next time on Shattered Mirror: "Goddesses Plotting"! 
 
Finally, I'll meet with my sisters . . . 
 
--- 
 
AUTHOR's NOTES: 
 
Wow.  This has been hell to write this chapter.  >_>;  Originally, I 
intended more sentimentality, but it turns out that some people wanted 
more clarification or wanted to see one chara's side more.  I realized 
that maybe I should just put the information in the conversations that 
take place above. 
 
So far, it's still blurry.  But happy I cleared THIS out of the way -- 
now time for the more important chapters.  More character development, 
mainly.  And excuse the lack of Tenchi/Ryoko moments -- you'll get that 
and more in the next part. 
 
I really want to hear more C&C!  Especially after if you've read the 
next part or so -- it's great to hear feedback on what's good or what 
sucked about each chapter. 
 
Still confused?  E-mail me at mink249@aol.com for clarification, or you 
can wait a bit longer. 
 
Vocabulary: 
 okaasama -- very respectful for mother (see part 3 for honorific 
lessons) 
 otousama -- very respectful for father 
 oniisama -- very respectful for brother 
 oneesama -- very respectful for sister 
 saa -- means something like "I wouldn't know."  Usually accompanied by 
a shrug, and you will definitely annoy people if you keep saying this. 
 hakama -- Bottom pants for a shrine priest/priestess's outfit. 
 naa -- not really a slang, but it's the guy's equivalent to "ne."  it 
means like, "hey..." when you begin a conversation, not like, "hey! 
what's up" 
 
Plareica is not a real planet.  ^^;  The race part is more or less an 
inside joke with a few friends of mine . . . it has nothing to do with 
the major plotline, so ignore it.  ;D 
 
If you're confused about the Jurain royal member getting killed, please 
refer back to part 3, there have been revisions. 
 
All the reaction/behavior/emotional stuff is next.  ^_^ 
 
-- Emily Koh (mink249@aol.com) 
July 7, 2001
