Subject: Tenchi Muyo!: Shifter
Date: Thu, 03 Jun 1999 09:16:56 CDT
From: Brian Burke <tenchii@hotmail.com>
To: gensao@geocities.com

Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo! is owned by Pioneer.  I'm just having a little
fun.  That's all.

Claimer:  Shifter and the Crystal Warriors are MINE!

Author's notes:  I know you're going to be confused.  "Who's Shifter?"
Well, to find out, e-mail me and I'll be happy to tell you.

First of all, I can show you what the crystals will look like.  Make an "L"
shape with both your thumb and first fingers.  Now, connect the tips of
said
fingers.  The shape you see is the size and shape of the crystals.

==-==-==

Tenchi Muyo!:  Shifter

Brian Burke

Tenchii@hotmail.com
http://members.xoom.com/Tenchiii/Homepage.htm

==-==-==

        Kneeling on the floor, Tonya is motionless.  Her mind is
concentrating on
keeping out all other voices but her own.  But, as usual, it's not easy.

        Kathryn is sitting in front of her, as usual, with her crystal
again
growing brightly.  Her eyes closed, she tries to keep her concentration.
This time, Tel is guiding her.  She wouldn't have done this if Kathryn
couldn't concentrate with an extra voice in her mind.

        <Can you see the damaged areas?> Tel says to her.

        "Yes.  I can.  It's such a mess in here.  Shifter really did a
number on
you."

        "Probably to keep me in line."

        Finally, Kathryn breaks the connection.  Holding her forehead,
"sorry, I'm
getting a headache.  I'm not used to doing this."

        <Take a break,> Tel says to her.  <We can pick up again later.>

        "No objections here."

        "Any luck?" Amanda says behind her.

        "Not really.  I've been doing this for two weeks, and I still can't
see why
Tonya can't keep control.  She should be able to push all those voices
back,
but it's not working that way."

        Tonya stands and looks at Amanda.  "It's as if I'm just one mind of
many.
But, they all could have equal control."

        "But," Kathryn says, standing, "you will be able to keep control
for a few
hours."

        "Well, that's something," Casie says, entering.  "A few hours is
better
than none.  Especially in her condition."

        "Well, I hope we can find an answer soon," Kathryn says to the
others.
"The new semester at my school starts next week."

        "You will be able to get here from time to time," Tonya asks,
"won't you?"

        "I'll try.  But, I'm going to be pretty busy."

        "You're not giving up, are you?"

        "Tonya!" Amanda shouts.

        "I'm not giving up.  I will help, but there's more to this.  I'm
not on
call.  I can't just show up every time there's a problem.  I mean,
Minneapolis is a long way from my school."

        "Fine," Tonya says, walking away.  Hopping onto the window sill,
"I'll find
my own help."  Growing wings on her back, she jumps out.

        Celestia is about to go after her, but is stopped by Casie.  "Let
her go.
She's really confused right now."

        "All the more reason to go after her.  If she starts shifting
again, we
might lose her."

        "No, we won't.  She'll be in control for a few hours.  I say we let
her
be."

        Celestia looks towards the rest of the group, who merely nod in
agreement.
"Alright."

        "Besides, where else does she have to go?"

==-==-==

        Tonya sets down and uses her crystal to disappear into the earth.
Moving
across the ground at unthinkable speeds, she doesn't care where she ends
up.

        Finally, she reappears in a forested area.  "I just need to
disappear for
awhile.  So I can think."  Looking around, she can see a three story house
nearby.  Looking around again, she sees no other houses in the area.  This
one seems to be isolated.  "THIS is a house!  I wonder who lives here?"

        Out of the corner of her eye, she can see a young man walking out
of the
house with a large basket on his back.  "I must be in Japan."  Shifting
into
his form, he walks into the house.  Looking at his hand, he sees the topaz
gem still exposed.  A second later, he corrects that.

        As he enters, he sees two women sitting on the couch.  One of them
has cyan
spiked hair and what appears to be golden cat-like eyes.  The other has
violet colored hair and red eyes.  As Shifter enters the room, the one with
the cyan hair floats over to him.

        "Tenchi, did you come back for me?" she says, wrapping her arms
around him.

        "Ryoko!" the other yells, walking over to the first.  "Get your
hands off
of him!"

        Shifter can do nothing else but turn red.  But, a thought occurs to
him.
Putting the crystal to her back, he actually stores information about her
inside it.

        "Ryoko!" the other says, pushing Ryoko away.  Taking Tenchi's right
hand,
she inadvertently and unknowingly touches the crystal.  Then, her
information is stored as well.

        "Ayeka!  How dare you!" Ryoko yells, creating a beam sword.
"Haven't you
got it through your thick skull that Tenchi is mine?"

        Ayeka releases Tenchi and summons a group of small floating logs.
"Tenchi
is not yours, and he never will be."

        Shifter sees the exchange and runs upstairs.  Exposing the crystal,
<great.
  I just wanted one more so that I could move around better.  Not TWO!
Well, I might as well use what I got.>

        Shifting into Ayeka, she attempts to learn more about the girl.  As
the
knowledge floods in, she sees a planet covered with trees.  She also sees
Tenchi appear many times.  "Well, that explains the incident earlier."
Seeing the other girl, Shifter notices that some thoughts of her are in
painful situations.  Another girl appears by the name of Sasami.  This one
has long blue hair in a pair of tails.

        Finally, Shifter changes back into Tonya.  Holding her forehead,
"what have
I gotten into?"  Hearing some footsteps on the stairs, she shifts back into
Tenchi.  Looking back, he sees Sasami coming up the stairs.

        "Tenchi?  I thought you left."

        Realizing he doesn't know what his voice sounds like, he searches
Ayeka's
memories.  Finding the right vocals, "I did, but I forgot something.  So, I
had to come back."  <I might learn more if I get more people in the
crystal.
  I can't believe I just thought that.>  Passing her on the stairs, he
touches the back of his right hand to her back.  Walking down the stairs,
he
heads outside.

        Finding an area of solitude, Shifter changes into Sasami and learns
all she
can.  However, she got more than she bargained for.  Not only does she find
out everything about the little girl, she also finds that she's connected
to
a very powerful being.

        Shocked, she turns back into her original form.  "This is starting
to get
interesting.  These are incredible people."  As she's going over her new
information, she notices that the new personalities aren't trying to make
her shift.  Noticing the other voices, "no.  Not now!"

        Giving in, she chooses one of the new personalities and shifts.
Changing
into Ryoko, the other voices quiet themselves.  "That helped."  <I need
help.  I don't want to go back, and I want to know more about these
people.>
  As her mind floods with new information, one person comes to mind.
"Washu?  If I can find her, maybe she can do something."

        Looking in the window, she sees Sasami isn't around.  Shifting into
her,
she walks inside.  <That closet door is the way to her?  Oh, well.>
Opening
the door, she steps in.  "Washu?" she calls out.  "Are you here?"

        The mad scientist walks up to her, "what can I do for you, Sasami?"

        "This may sound strange, but I need your help."

        "Sasami, you know strange things are a part of life here.  Now,
what do you
need?"

        "Well," she says, exposing the crystal on her hand, "do you know
anything
about this?"

        "The Crystal Star!  I can't believe it!"

        "The what?"

        "The Crystal Star contained five of these.  If they're on Earth, we
have to
find them."

        "Washu-"

        "Those crystals each contain an entity with power in them."

        "Washu!"

        "Well, I'll look for them right away."

        "WASHU!"

        "What?  Is something wrong?"

        "Yes.  They've all been found.  That's not the problem."

        "Then what is it?"

        Shifting into her original form, "sorry for the deception.  I had
to use
the forms of others to get to you."

        "I understand.  So, why are you here?"

        Tonya holds her hand to her head as she fights yet another shift.
"There's
a problem I need help with."

        "Shifter," Washu says almost coldly.  "I know you too well."

        "Washu, Shifter's gone.  We beat him."

        "That wasn't wise.  He's the one that controls your power.  Without
him,
you will shift uncontrollably."

        "I know.  That's not the problem either.  To control me, he
implanted
several personalities.  I'm having trouble keeping them back, now that he's
gone."

        "You say you found the others?  Why not have Tel help you?"

        "I have been.  But, she won't be able to help for long.  You see,
Tel is
attached to a college student.  And, she's going back soon."

        "That is a problem.  Well, I'll see what I can do.  Why don't you
come with
me?"  Washu walks over to an open area of her lab and types in a sequence
on
her laptop.  A moment later, a table appears with an elaborate headpiece.
"Lye down."

        Tonya hops onto the table, and puts her head into the machine.  "Is
this
thing safe?"

        "Of course it is."  Typing, "I'm just going to scan you, that's
all."

        "I've been able to copy a few personalities.  It seems they aren't
trying
to make me shift like the others."

        "Well, that's something.  Maybe Shifter implanted those other
personalities
for that reason."   Typing on her keyboard, Washu activates the device.
"So, who else has crystals?"

        "As I said, Tel found a college student.  She's tried to help me,
but gets
wore out in the process.  Celestia found a police officer.  But, an
incident
occurred and she can no longer live a normal life."

        "What happened?"

        "Someone put a spear through her.  She was able to transform, but
that's
it.  The spear disappeared, but if she ever powers down, she'll die."

        "Poor girl."

        "En-Ja is attached to a girl with a lot of financial power.  It
seems she
inherited a company.  She seems to be having fun with it, too."

        "Always good to have fun."

        "The last one, Ferona, is attached to someone from the military.  I
don't
know much about her."

        Finishing her typing, "so, who did you copy into the crystal?"

        "Ayeka, Ryoko, and Sasami."

        "Be careful who you copy.  Ayeka and Ryoko aren't the best ones to
be put
in the crystal.  I mean, those two are enough."

        "It seems you know a lot about the Crystal Warriors."

        "Well, I have been searching for them for a long time.  I wanted to
put
Shifter where he belongs."

        "Did you know him?"

        "A long time ago, I did.  But, when the Crystal Warriors came, he
was
imprisoned in the crystal.  I had hoped that was the end of him."

        Feeling a shift approaching, "no, not again!"

        "Calm down, and concentrate."

        Tonya shifts into a short dark skinned girl and runs off.  Heading
out the
door, she only wants to escape.

        "Stop!  Come back!"

==-==-==

        Hearing the lab door slam open, Ayeka and Ryoko are stunned to see
a little
girl run out of it.  "Who was that?" Ryoko asks.

        Washu appears a second later.  "Where did she go?"

        Ryoko points out the door, confusingly.  "Washu, what's going on?"

        "She's a shapeshifter, and she's out of control.  Get the others.
We need
to find her."

==-==-==

        Minutes later, Washu has Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki
together in the
living room.  "She has one of the crystals from the Crystal Star.  A being
named Shifter implanted several personalities into her to keep in control.
If you see anyone, ask to see her right hand.  There's a crystal imbedded
in
it."

        Scattering, the group goes in search of the girl.

==-==-==

        Walking home from the bus stop, Mihoshi is carrying a week's supply
of
groceries.  Or, so she hopes.  Along the path, she sees a dark-skinned girl
sitting against a tree.  "Hello?  Are you alright?"

        Looking away, "leave me alone."

        Kneeling, she sets down her bags.  "Where's your parents?"

        "I don't know."

        "Well, this area can be dangerous sometimes."  Seeing her right
hand,
"that's a pretty stone.  Where'd you get it?"

        "Never mind.  Go away."

        "Hey!  I'm just trying to help."

        Looking at her, <Wait!  I know her.  She was in the memories of the
others!>  "Fine."  Holding out her right hand, "can you take me home?"

        Gripping her hand, and the stone, "sure."

        Standing, she shifts into Mihoshi's form.  "Thank you, Mihoshi."

        "Who are you?" she says, shocked.

        "You."  Using the crystal, she creates a swirl of sand around
Mihoshi's
legs and waist that hardens into rock.

        "Hey!  What are you doing?"

        "Keeping you here, for now."  She then turns and runs down the
road.

        "Hey!  Come back HERE!"  Mihoshi shouts.  "Let me go!"  But, her
cries are
unheeded.

==-==-==

        As 'Mihoshi' is running away, she runs into another person.
"Ryoko!  What
are you doing out here?"

        "Have you seen a little girl running around here?"

        "Uh, no.  Haven't seen anyone in awhile."

        Looking to her hand, she sees a crystal attached to it.  An odd
thing.
Yellow on the outside, blue on the inside.  "Shifter."

        Backing away, "leave me alone!"

        "Just come back and we'll help you."

        Changing into Sasami, she runs into the nearby shrubbery,
disappearing
completely.

        "Damn."

==-==-==

        Walking through the woods, Sasami finds an interesting sight.
Herself
sitting against a tree.  "Hi there!" she says.

        Standing, she starts to back away.  "Just leave me alone."

        "Why?  What's wrong?"

        "I can't control my powers.  I keep shifting and shifting.  I'm not
normal
anymore."

        "Sure you are.  You're normal for you."

        "Oh, that helps."

        "Maybe Washu can help you."

        "No.  She can't."

        "Shifter!" a voice shouts from above.

        Both blue haired girls look to the air to see Celestia floating
above them.
  "Go away!"  Standing, she runs off again.

        "Wait!" Sasami shouts.

==-==-==

        As Sasami runs, she manages to hide the blue/pink crystal from
sight.
Running, she finds a wide open space ahead of her.  Also ahead of her is
the
tender of the field.  Running up the field, "Tenchi!" she shouts.

        "Sasami?  What's up?"

        "Did you see me run through here?"

        "Come again?"

        "There's a shapeshifter on the loose.  She looks like us.  Ryoko,
me, you.
Whoever.  She has a crystal on her right hand.  That's how you can tell the
difference."

        "No.  I haven't seen anyone except you.  Why?  Is she in trouble?"

        "I guess."

        "Tenchi!" a similar voice calls from nearby.  "She's a fake!"

        Tenchi looks from one Sasami to the other.  However, the other
Sasami has
Washu, Ryoko, and Ayeka behind her.

        Mihoshi walks up to the scene, and sees two Sasamis.  "Two
Sasamis?"

        "How did you get free?"  Catching herself, "whoops!"

        Everyone looks to the Sasami next to Tenchi and start to walk
closer.  As
she backs away, "leave me alone!"

        "Are you ready to come home, Shifter?" a new voice says.  Appearing
nearby,
Celestia walks slowly towards her.  "Fun's over, Shifter.  It's time to
come
home."

        "NO!" she shouts.  Her crystal appears, and she starts another
shift.
"Can't you see you're not helping?"  Her shift starts to overtake her, as
her arms bulk up.  "Maybe I need to show you," a dark voice says.  The
crystal grows black as the transformation continues.

        "What is that?" Ryoko shouts.

        Her, or actually his hands sharpen into claws, and his skin becomes
darker.

        "We have to stop him!" Celestia says.  "Don't hurt him too badly,
but try
to knock him out.

        Ryoko takes flight and summons her beam sword while Ayeka shields
the
innocent bystanders.   Tenchi takes out Sword Tenchi, and Celestia glows a
bit as she raises her power level.

        "Go away!" Shifter shouts.  "I just want to be alone!"  The first
strike is
for Celestia, due to her familiarity.

        Catching the fist, "we're trying to help you!  You're not making it
easy by
running off!"

        Shifter punches Celestia in the gut and tosses her away.  "Then why
am I
still out of control?"

        Tenchi charges with his sword, and makes a slash in his back.
Unfortunately, the slash is immediately healed by his shape shifting power.

        "Ow," he responds, backhanding him halfway down the field.

        "Tenchi!" Ryoko shouts.  Summoning her power, she blasts a massive
shot at
him.

        However, he moves out of the way and grabs her ankle.  Before Ryoko
knows
it, Shifter slams her into the ground.

        Celestia stands up again, "Shifter!  Settle down!"  Engulfing her
hands in
golden energy, "don't make me get rough!"

        "Oh, you're going to kill me?  Is that it?"

        "Shifter!" another, younger voice shouts from above.  As everyone
looks up,
another girl drops from the sky.  "Stop!"  Dropping to the ground, "stop
this!"

        "Another one?" Ryoko asks.

        Tel holds up her hand, "time for something drastic."  Tel is not
one to
make drastic moves.  So, when she does, look out!  Running at her friend,
she leaps up and behind and drops onto his shoulders.

        "Get off me!" he orders.

        Tel ignores him, and drives her crystal encrusted hand into his
head.
While it looks painful, Shifter seems to be showing no sign of injury.

        Slowly, an effect is gained as Shifter shrinks.  His, or her arms
lose
their bulk, and Tel hops away.  Shifter completely changes into her
original
form and passes out.

        Tel looks around to see the various people standing about.  Besides
herself
and her teammates, there seems to be five girls nearby.

        A young man approaches the group, sighing in relief.  "I'm glad
that's
over," he says.  "Is everyone alright?"

        Tel looks to him with interest.  "I sure am!"  Walking to him, "so,
what's
your name?"

        "I'm Tenchi Masaki.  And yours?"

        "You can call me Tel."

        "Hey!  What do you think you're doing?" the Cyan haired one asks.

        Tel looks to her innocently, "introducing myself?  Why?  Is there
something
wrong?"

        "Sorry, girl.  He's taken," Ryoko states.

        "So?" Tel responds.  "Can I help it if I think he's cute?"

        "Now, you're asking for it," Ryoko says.

        "Ryoko!" Tenchi shouts.  "Enough!"

        "Tel, I don't think this is a wise idea.  We should go."  The
unconscious
Tonya is put in a bubble, as Celestia starts to float.  Taking off, the
silent act encourages Tel to hurry up.

        "I guess.  Bye, Tenchi," she finishes, taking off.  Not long after,
she
catches up to her partner.  "I didn't mean to start a war."

        "Don't worry.  They'll get over it.  Nice move, by the way.  Quick
way to
bring Shifter down."

        "Shifter will be fine after we get her home."

        "Will she ever have control, though?"

        "I don't know...  I'll give it my best effort, though."

-End-