Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
=-=-=-=-=
Disclaimer:  Pioneer owns these characters.  I don't.

Author's notes:  This is my attempt to fit the "Tenchi in Tokyo" series
into my storyline.

-=-=-=-=-
Shin Misa

Part One:  Departure

Brian Burke
Tenchii@hotmail.com
-=-=-=-=-

        She's been running for hours, not even knowing where she is.  She DOES
know that Riko, her only daughter, is missing.  With her sword in hand
and activated, she acts with caution.

        In the cold darkness, she can see nobody else around, or anything for
that matter.  But, still she runs, searching for her only child.  But,
she realizes she's lost as well.  Sitting on the ground, she does the
only thing she can.  She wakes up.

        Looking around, she sees her room brightly lit.  "I must have
overslept," she says to herself.  Seeing Riko still asleep next to her,
"just a dream."

        Ryo, between the two, is still sound asleep.

        "I guess the time has come to go.  I can't let my future be repeated."
Standing, she pulls off her shirt and tosses it to the floor.  Walking
over to the closet, "if I fail, there will be no second chance.  Not
this time."  Putting on a clean shirt, "too bad I'll have to miss some
of the fun that's coming up.  I wouldn't mind seeing everyone's reaction
to Sakuya."

        <Who?> Ryo says, waking up.

        "You'll see when we get back."

=-=-=-=-=
        Walking down the stairs with Riko and Ryo, Misa can smell Sasami's
cooking already.  "Good morning, everyone!" she says, entering the
kitchen.  Right away, she notices everyone sitting at the table.

        "Good morning!" they all respond.

        "I have some important news.  I have to leave for Jurai today."

        Everyone stops what they're doing and looks at Misa.  Continuing, "you
see, at this point in my timeline, a terrible tragedy happened.  Since
I'm the only one that knows about it, I'm the only one that can stop it
from happening."

        "What happened?" Sasami asks.

        "I'd rather not go into details.  They're pretty bad.  I don't know how
you'd be able to take it."

        "You'll come back, right?" Mihoshi asks.

        "Of course!  I'll only be gone for a couple of weeks.  After I prevent
this from happening, Riko, Ryo, and I will be back."

        "Why don't you leave Riko here?" Ayeka says.  "If things get as bad as
you say, you wouldn't want to put Riko in danger."

        "I know.  But, I'd worry too much.  I can trust you with her, but I
wouldn't be able to take such a long period without her."

        "We understand," Tenchi adds.

        "Well, have a safe journey," Ryoko says.  "We'll see you when you get
back."

        "I'm not leaving yet," she says, sitting down.  "I'd rather eat first."
Riko hops up to the chair next to her mother, waiting patiently for her
meal.  "When it first happened, I could do nothing about it.  But, now
that I'm in the past, I have every intention of averting this tragedy."
<That tragedy almost claimed me.  I will not allow it to happen again.>

=-=-=-=-=
        After breakfast, Misa, Riko, and Ryo are standing in front of the rest
of their family.  "Don't worry.  I'll be back before you know it."

        Ryo leaps into the air and transforms into her cruiser form.  After
taking her passengers on board, she rises into the air and disappears.
"Meow?"

        "You want to know what happened?  Well, I'll tell you..."

-In the next part!-