8-13-98
-----------------------------------------------------------------

The characters and locations expressed in this story are not mine
and I take no credit for them. They belong to other people who
worked hard to make them and I'm sure were paid. So all I take
credit for is the "what if" plot contained here in. Email
questions or comments, rants or praise to zetser0@yahoo.com This
is a Sasami fic, and I rate it pg-13, or an iced tea with sugar
and a hint of lemon. 
         
-----------------------------------------------------------------

                     Zetser and the Great Rosario-sama present...
	A Tenchi Fan Fiction: The Shojo of Choice
                   by Todd Hortillosa <don't sue me, please>
	The sun rose quietly over the Masaki shrine as the birds
began their song and a lone crow cried out its solitary call that
resonated throughout the valley around the Masaki shrine. It was
mornings like this that still held an enchanting feeling to Yosho
who sat at his table with the doors open wide. He sipped his
green tea looking out at the horizon lost in thought. Most of the
main chores had been done yesterday, only the daily laundry and
sweeping were left. Tenchi and Mihoshi would be finished soon and
the day would be left open. A day like this should not be wasted
and continuing Tenchi's training should be the utmost priority,
since he had school for the rest of the week.  He sipped his tea
again and sighed looking down into his cup. His wife had made the
most excellent tea. She meant more to him than anything. 
	Tenchi had three suitors practically throwing themselves at
his feet. The thought of great grandchildren amused him and he
often wondered how it would turn out. Tenchi might even take his
place in Jurai as their leader, though he doubted it at this
time. Should they ever need him, Yosho was sure he could nudge
Tenchi in the right direction. Though he himself would not be
able to go back to Jurai, he was sure he could work out something
with Azaka and Kamadake. Yosho looked up at the blue sky and
stood moving to the door. The all too familiar arguments that had
become more ritual than anything else could be clearly heard from
the house. Ryoko had served her time, seven hundred years of
imprisonment by his hand, for the attack on his home world Jurai
so long ago. She was a bit eccentric, but she would be quite
loyal and guard Tenchi with her life, not that he needed
guarding. She would be loving, maybe too loving, and Tenchi would
have to adjust to her needs as well as fill his own. He'd also
have to deal with Washu as a mother in law. Aeka would have to
return with Sasami someday to Jurai. They were both princesses of
the Royal House and it would be there duty, but there would be no
need to carry it out for some time. Aeka would be a gentle and
kind wife, though her attitude toward domesticity would be a
problem. There was always Jurai to return to though. Sasami he
thought, though still young, would make an excellent wife for
Tenchi for whatever the future would bring, she would cook and
care for him and probably change him so subtly he wouldn't even
notice. For all her child like quiet and kind quality there was a
fire in her personality that put her above any child of her
mentality. The only thing that would prove a problem would be
Tsunami. Yosho could only hope Tsunami new what she was doing
when she assimilated with Sasami. Mihoshi had her job with the
Galaxy Police, but there wasn't anything that kept her from
blending in here on earth until she needed to go back to
headquarters. She was a sweet girl, and for all her naïve and
free spirited ways, she would make a great mother and wife.  As
for Washu, Yosho hoped she was only playing like she claimed she
was. Yosho understood that Tenchi was quite unique, especially
since he could generate a Light Hawk Wing from his own energy
alone. Washu was flirting with him outrageously, though he was
sure it was just to cause friction between the girls.  He slid
the door closed and seated himself at his table again sipping the
now tepid tea, thoughts of his wife returning to him. He decided
today was not such a perfect day for training after all. 

		Tenchi sighed with relief as he put away the broom in
the closet and made his way to the shed. Ryoko and Aeka had
started in on him early this morning, something about guarding
his room for him last night; he didn't want to know. He was
thankful for Washu stepping in with one of those multi armed
machines and hauling them off to her lab though. Tenchi had came
to the conclusion that he wouldn't mind the attention so much if
it were not for the fact he felt like a prize to be won, instead
of being sought out for a relationship. He could not deny that
having beautiful women fighting over him was such a bad thing
even if one was a princess and the other a space pirate, but it
was more something else he couldn't quite name. Maybe it was the
fact that he couldn't find fault in all the trouble they caused.
He knew now that they both loved him, he wasn't stupid, it was
much more than an ego-trip for them. In fact the heart of the
matter lay right there. They both were throwing promises of true
and unconditional love in his face and he knew that until he
chose one, both, or neither of them, that the fighting would not
stop, and it would be his fault. Not that anyone could blame him
though, breaking hearts is not something a normal person does for
fun. He sighed and had brought his hand up to slide open the shed
when a familiar sound rang through the air.
	"Miyaa!"
" Ryo-ohki." He smiled "I know what you want, you little devil."
He slid the door open the door and stepped inside.
"You can only have one, ok?" His voice still playful yet firm. 
"Miyaa, miyaa miyaa miyaa" She bounced around happily.
He took one of the bigger carrots from the straw basket and
handed it to her, still amazed at how she could devour something
so quickly. 
"Miyaa!" She thanked him before smashing her face into the wall
of the shed, yet again forgetting to phase through it. She stood
up a little dizzy but shook it off and happily ran out the door.
Tenchi shook his head as he watched the little cabbit run off.
"Baka..." he sighed, and went to gathering what Sasami would need
for lunch. 
Sasami was the one person he could trust for peace and quiet. She
would not chase him, or fight over him like the others; in fact
she often could set Aeka and Ryoko off on some tangent with only
a few words and a little reverse psychology. She could be quite
devious when she wanted to, she was just very quiet about it. The
fact that she was younger than him, if you didn't count the 700
year cryogenic sleep she was in on the way to earth, made him pay
more attention to her. She was fun to be around, and she was a
great cook. The first few weeks he had known her she instantly
had become that little sister he never had, but as time went on
he noticed she became more than that. She was a friend, someone
to confide in and someone that looked up to him as an equal. He
had to admit that much like her mother and her sister she was
very beautiful and had all the signs of becoming even more
beautiful a woman when she was older. He had given it some
thought, and in four or five years, if he had not found anyone,
he could try to win her over without age getting in the way. He
knew of couples with more years than that between them. Still it
was just a small fantasy of his. Every time he had a quiet moment
alone with Aeka feelings moved in him that still seemed new to
him. There was something about her that distracted him from such
stray thoughts. Not that Ryoko's uninvited embrace did any less. 
"Tenchi?"
"Huh?!" Startled by the voice interrupting his personal
digression he turned almost dropping the basket of vegetables. 
"Oh , Sasami  it's you. Sorry,  I didn't hear you come in, heh
heh." He stammered, regaining his composure.
	"That's all right Tenchi-nichan, I just came to make sure
you got the vegetables. I saw Washu with that funny look on her
face earlier and I thought she was out looking for you" she
replied with a smile , a little sweat drop on the side of her
head.
"Yeah heh heh, but surprisingly she took Ryoko and your sister
with her and didn't even look at me for once, and that worries
me." He replied. 
Sasami chuckled and nodded. "Anyway, I'll go finish lunch. Could
you set the table for me? Mihoshi fell asleep again."
"Sure thing Sasami-chan, lets go." 
	She laughed and took his hand after he closed the shed door
smiling and looking up into his eyes. Tenchi looked at her and
smiled, his eyes meeting hers. It only lasted a moment but she
lost herself in his gaze, as if all time stopped. She felt
something deep inside her that made her want to give herself over
to him completely. She looked away from him blushing, not hiding
her feelings so much as keeping herself in check from doing
anything stupid. She knew that Tenchi had enough trouble in his
life with her sister and Ryoko, he didn't need her to add to the
confusion.
	It was around noon when lunch was ready and the table set.
Mihoshi miraculously revived from her coma at the smell of food
and was the first to make it to the table. The three waited for
the rest to show up. It took longer than usual but after a good
fifteen minutes Washu stepped into the kitchen. What came next
were two girls , Aeka with an obvious nervousness, and Ryoko
acting like her laid back usual self. Washu had a grin on her
face that the Cheshire Cat would have envied. 
	"Sorry we were late. I was just having a heart to heart talk
with my daughter and the princess. He he , I think they will be
behaving themselves from now on. Oh why look, there is one seat
left next to Tenchi. I hope you two don't mind" She left it
hanging there and walked over next to Tenchi and sat down.
	For as smart as Tenchi  was he felt generally stupid for 
not positioning himself better at the table. But this was only a
fleeting thought. Everyone , confused as well as ready to duck
and cover, sat there wide eyed as Ryoko and Aeka both didn't seem
to mind the fact that the best seat in the house was just robbed
from them. 
"Heh, suit your self." Ryoko said halfheartedly as she sat down
Aeka sat down as well , saying nothing. She seemed torn at the
moment, though she never took her eyes off Washu.
"Uh well, can we all eat now?" Mihoshi asked
"Of course!" Washu replied with a smile on her face. She then
hugged herself around one of Tenchi's arms and smiled girlishly
up to him. "You just relax Tenchi, I'll feed you." She giggled
and  picked up her chopsticks picking up one of the fried
dumplings.
"Uh , that's okay Washu, I can feed myself really." He stammered
with a nervous smile on his face, a sweat drop forming on the
back of his head. He suddenly felt like a bug at ground zero of a
nuclear test site. 
Aeka , Mihoshi noticed, was shaking violently and suddenly
slammed her fists down on the table. 
"Oh I will not sit by having to watch this! Why are you doing
this, just leave Lord Tenchi alone!" 
	"Yeah! I'm not gonna let you Take Tenchi from me like this!
Just wait till I get my hands on you Washu!" Ryoko raged as she
stood up simultaneously with Aeka. Both converged on Washu to
separate her from Tenchi when they both fell to the floor with
sudden yelps of pain and surprise.
	Washu smiled at them and stood up "I see you like my
hormonal modulators. Every time you start fighting over Tenchi
you get a pleasant little surprise, and it varies what it does,
so you won't ever get used to it" She laughed  as the two mini
Washu dolls popped up on her shoulders praising  her.  
"This is all your fault Aeka, if you had just left me and Tenchi
alone like we wanted none of this would ever have happened" She
phased to a standing position glaring down at Aeka.
"Me?! If I had not had stopped you when I did this morning ,
there is no telling what disgusting things you would have done to
Lord Tenchi!" She exclaimed. She suddenly felt something in the
pit of her stomach.
"Nothing you wouldn't have done if you were all alone with him,
and I was only standing guard in his room. I....I don't feel so
good." 
They both suddenly bolted out the back door with collective
nausea that could still be heard from the kitchen. 
"Yep. Works like a charm" Washu gloated
	Sasami , who was caught up in what had just played out
hadn't noticed Tenchi sneak away. She sighed and looked
disapprovingly at Washu. "That wasn't very nice you know." She
scolded. She then decided that Tenchi might need help, and by the
way it looked, Mihoshi's appetite would take care of the food she
had made, so she set off searching for him. 
	It was a half an hour before she found him in front of
Funaho, Yosho's tree. Tenchi was lying back against it with his
eyes closed and hands behind his head. She watched him quietly
for a moment, he looked so peaceful she thought. She almost
turned to go , not wanting to disturb him in his moment of peace,
but she decided that she had to say something to make him feel
better about all this. She stepped out from the trail quietly and
walked over to where he sat. 
Tenchi opened his eyes and looked up at her and smiled slightly.
"Uh , hi Sasami-chan. I thought I'd let things simmer down in
there a bit. Sorry to run out on lunch."
	"That's okay, I understand why. Ryoko and Aeka are always
fighting over you and Washu likes to make it worse." She said
while sitting down next to him. "You know why they fight over
you, don't you Tenchi?" It was obvious he did, but she wanted to
hear it for herself.  
	"Yeah, I do, it's just not as easy as you think it would be
to pick one, I don't even know if I'm ready yet. I just wish
there was an easier way." He replied softly. The sun was warm as
it filtered through the trees , casting shadows that moved with
the wind. Sasami couldn't help but gaze at him. He was handsome,
but it was his heart and his mind, the way he spoke and the
emotions that played across his face that captured her, that
spoke of why she felt this way. It was new for her, and honesty
was the only way she could go here. 
	"Tenchi, you don't have to choose yet. I know that choosing
means hurting one of them, and we are all friends. But you will
choose, you have to. You'll break more than one heart when you
do, there is no helping that, but you can't blame yourself. I've
read shojo manga so I know how people feel about this. It's hard
for the person choosing as well as the ones not chosen. If there
is anything I've learned it's that love is not a fair game. You
might not know it but Mihoshi, and even I wait for the day you
choose." She looked down, a small blush on her face. It was all
she could say, she only hoped he understood. There was only one
thing left, so she decided to risk it.
	Tenchi sat up slowly looking at her. He watched her sitting
there , words leaving him. She loved him as well. It all seemed
to click into place, the way she cooked something special just
for him with every meal, worried about him, and all the other
little things. She had been letting him know the only way she
knew how without causing added trouble. He didn't even notice
that he was staring at her until she looked back up at him with
her soft pink eyes.  He felt something deep inside himself that
made him forget her age, and the morals of this world as she
closed her eyes and brought her parted lips up to his in a soft
lingering kiss that she put all her warmth and love for him into.
He felt her arms wrap around his neck  ,  as he lost himself in
her embrace. After what seemed like forever, but in truth could
not have been more than a minute or two, she slowly brought her
head back, her eyes meeting his.  Tenchi held her gaze, not sure
what to do now. It was so unexpected. Was this really the Sasami
he had lived with all this time?  
	Sasami looked away , slightly embarrassed. She wasn't sure
she had done the right thing, but she knew it must have gotten
her point across. She was just surprised at how wildly she had
expressed her emotions to him. 
"I, I'm sorry Tenchi...I don't know why ..." 
"Um, no it's okay Sasami. I mean , um , I enjoyed it. I just
never thought that, well you felt like this , until now." Tenchi
said calmly, as he quelled the sudden urge to hide under a rock.
	She looked back up at him, then laid her head on his chest ,
her arms still around him. "I love you Tenchi, and I always
will." She said softly "I don't want to lose you, but I'm ready
to accept who ever you love Tenchi. I won't get in your way or
fight about it like my sister. I just want you to be happy, even
if it's not with me." She held him tighter as a tear trickled
down her cheek. 
	Tenchi tried to rationalize this in his mind, this beautiful
young girl just poured her heart out to him. She felt small in
his arms and he held her closer. He didn't know what to do. She
was so young but it was clear she had given this quite a bit of
thought. She was silent and still and her hair had a soft warm
smell as the mid-afternoon sun played across her. She had on the
teal and forest green kimono she usually wore and her hair pulled
to either side. He knew in his heart that he loved this young
beautiful girl. She was hardly a woman on the outside but her
mind was very mature and she had a good heart. He would choose
her, he thought. It would take time , but he knew he would choose
her. 
	He pulled back from her arms and smiled letting his eyes
fill themselves with her. He brought his hand up and caressed her
cheek softly. 
"I love you too Sasami." He said putting his heart into his
words.
	She smiled , feeling her heart would burst as she gazed into
eyes of her newfound love. "Oh Tenchi!" She  hugged him tight ,
happier than she had ever been before. Somewhere inside of her
she could tell Tsunami was overjoyed in this event. She had a
sudden pang of jealousy at the fact Tsunami might take over a
some intimate moment when she and Tenchi were alone, but that all
melted away as Tenchi lifted her chin gently an kissed her
passionately. Tenchi knew he would not be able to do this again
for a while so he inwardly smiled and made this a kiss she'd
never forget. He started slow parting her lips with his and with
gentle pressure his tongue met hers exploring and tasting its
sweetness. New to this she tentatively did exploring of her own
finding the sensation exciting her inner most desires. The kiss
lasted a good fifteen minutes  , though they never even noticed
the passage of time. Tenchi ended the kiss slowly pulling back ,
sucking her bottom lip softly as he went .
	Sasami opened her eyes slowly, the wanting feelings still
coursing through her as their eyes met. She looked down a small
blush on her face. It was the first time she had ever been kissed
this way, though she had read about it any number of times, and
she knew she would never forget this moment. 
"I think we should go back" Tenchi said quietly.
	Sasami nodded and stood up with Tenchi. They held each
other's hand as they walked back. As they neared the house they
heard something and Tenchi went ahead of Sasami to see what it
was, but the scene that played out before him made him afraid.
There stood Ryoko over Washu , who was hog tied on the ground in
ropes. Aeka stood at Washu's feet holding a leather whip, the
lashing end wrapped around Washu's neck and her foot in the
middle of Washu's back as she held the whip taught. Ryoko was
wearing a pair of candles that were tied to her head by a white
cloth. She held one of the little Washu dolls in one hand and a
fork in the other. 
	"H-hey now, can't  you two take a joke?" Washu asked
pleadingly. Tenchi had never known Washu to leave her back
unguarded , so he knew that Ryoko and Aeka must have called a
truce to pull this one off. 
"Heh! Not likely, if you called that little stunt of yours a
joke, I really don't like your sense of humor ." Ryoko said as
she stabbed the fork into the doll's arm.
"OWW! Hey I give up!" Washu cried , still trying to keep calm
about this. 
"Not likely Washu-chan." Aeka replied with angry look on her
face. She then pulled the whip harder tightening it around
Washu's neck and laughing. " Oh ho ho ho! I'll tech you to treat
a Jurai Royal Princess that way!" she  exclaimed maniacally.
Tenchi looked at Sasami who seemed just as afraid as him. 
"I don't think we should tell them about us yet." Sasami noted as
she watched her sisters chastise Washu. 
"No, not yet. Definitely not yet" Tenchi replied, rubbing the
back of his head, a sweat drop forming. 
	Yosho sat at his table in deep thought. Sasami, he thought
to himself. She was a good choice but he knew he'd have to wait
this one out to the end to see where it was going. He would
definitely have to have a talk with her though. It was late in
the afternoon and the bickering from below could be heard quite
clearly from his vantagepoint in the shrine. The day was still
warm and the was sun a light orange color that hung over the
horizon as twilight approached and most of the birds had ceased
singing. Nobiyuki would be home from work soon and he decided he
would join them for dinner tonight and stood making his way down
to the house.
  
----------------------
I'd like to thank Robbie and Kirsy for support, I'm not
comfortable writing , let alone making it public. I'd also like
to add that Pedophiles are evil and I find Sasami Lemon fics down
right disgusting, there is a line between romance and hentai.
Some peple just go too far. 
-- Todd Hortillosa  
Proud memeber of #SAS - The Sasami Appreciation Society - since
1996
