    The enemy base was on an arid planet.  Not really a planet, as it was
really a moon orbiting a gas planet.  It was far enough from the sun to get
little or no warmth from the red giant, but the massive planet is circled
gave it just enough heat to allow some life to have developed.
    Therefore, it was not surprising to see a tiny snakelike creature trying
to sun itself in the reflected light from the massive heavenly object.
Captain Mist looked down from the sand dune, her suit's circuitry allowing
her to see the snake even in the twilight of the planet's day cycle.  The
visor overlaid the visible image with the infrared signature of the
creature.
 Sensors dismissed the tiny animal as a target with low priority.
    A red timer was counting down in the right corner of her helmet's
display
screen.
    <05:34>
    Mist tilted her head up and her view automatically zoomed to the enemy
base that was the true target of the mission.  It was her job to lead the 3
Platoons of the 54th Tactical Armor Company to victory by destroying the
base.  Of course, she was getting lots of help.  Behind her, next to the
twenty-nine other battle suits piloted by her sisters, were four tanks from
the Third Armored Division. The four hover tanks were preparing to fire a
creeping barrage onto the Hive's base.  They were linked by cables, which
allowed the gunners to carefully program the computer computers.  When the
main guns did open up they would not be wasting more than one round per
target.
    <04:45>
    As the tank turrets hummed and slowly aimed the main guns, Mist checked
the status of her company.  All the suits within the platoons replied with a
green light.  Captain Mist checked her own suit.
    The fuel cells for the jets had been replaced by intake compressors.
The
very atmosphere of the planet would now fuel her backpack and leg engines,
meaning she could use them to jump and leap around without running out of
gas.  Unlike in space, unfortunately, she would not be able to fly, but the
jump jets would allow her to outpace any of the mecha present.
    The fission warheads in her missiles had been replaced by fuel-air
warheads which might prove very dangerous with all the unknowns about the
base, but the planners at HQ had felt the new warheads would be more
effective on the wind swept surface of the moon.  Frankly, the thinkers at
HQ
didn't know much of anything.  They didn't even know why the Hive had a base
out here in the first place.  Was the base a tracking station or a storage
area?  Maybe a research lab for testing dangerous weapons or maybe nothing
more then a training ground for newly commissioned units?
    <02:23>
    Mist allowed her targeting computer to scan the base.  It chirped
happily, as it noticed the Hive's battle suits that patrolled about the
base's buildings.  Huge, massive bipedal weapons platforms which were
nothing
more than huge walking auto cannons that fired supersonic shells.  Unlike
most projectiles the mecha's shells had no warheads as they would have been
redundant with all the kinetic energy behind each round.
    <00:23>
    Captain Mist warmed up her jet jumps, as the three platoons moved
forward, preparing to launch the attack.  Captain Jay's tank flashed its
front lights, to alert her to the readiness of the tanks to support the
attack.
    <00:10>
    Mist took one last glance at the sky.  Up there the two sides were still
battling it out.  A dozen Hive transports were trying to escape the
planetary
system after being ambushed by a group of Haven cruisers and high speed
fighters.  The conflict was a two sided affair, as Hive transports were both
heavily armed and shielded, as powerful as dreadnoughts.  The builders among
the Hive always seemed to think bigger was better.
    Kaki was up there.  The officer and pilot who had debriefed her after
her
first mission.  He had seemed nice to her and very interested in what she
had
been thinking during her mission.  Of course he, like Captain Jay, was old.
At least 20 years out of the vats.  She was amazed they were both still
alive
and kicking after so long.
    <00:05>
    Mist triggered her jump jets and led three platoons of Tactical Suits
into the first long distance leap, arching high over the sand dunes and
thorny brushes.  She watched the base, checking it for increased activity,
as
her and her sister pilots roared towards it.
    Behind her came the thunder of four guns firing nonstop.  The first
shells would fall on the outer fringe of the base and than work inwards, to
catch as many of the defenders unaware as they could.  Not all the shells
were explosive in nature.  Some of the warheads would release smoke or
napalm, others were programmed to explode while in the air or had delay
fuses
which allowed them to dig into the ground before exploding.  The rounds
shrieked over the tactical suits and soon the base was being ripped about by
the high-velocity volleys.  Shock wave after shock wave shook the ground and
many of the solid looking structures were turned to splinters from pressure
waves caused by some of the more powerful air bursts.
    <00:01>
    Mist's suit slammed into the ground, right at the edge of this
desolation, her missile launchers popping open.  Gyros screams to keep her
upright as the electronics of her suit allowed her some awareness of her
surroundings.  Other suits seemed to be dropping out of the sky, into the
black smoke and yellow flames.
    <00:00>
    The shelling stopped.  The timer stopped one count down and started
another.  Mist and the rest of the tactical suits had only ten minutes
before
pick up.
    <09:59>
    Mist's suit swift scanned the nearby rubble.  Fragments of stone and
metal was still raining down from the sky.  The wind cleared some of the
dust
and right before her stood a Hive battle suit.  It had been gutted and even
as she watched was starting to tip over, pouring out oily smoke.
    The first sign that there was still a battle going on was when she heard
the launch of missiles and a few seconds later a series of fuel-air
explosions rocked the base.  Part of the battlefield lit up as the chain of
explosions linked together and grew, feeding on the very air and dust around
them.  A Hive armored car was consumed in the fireball.
    She noticed a few members of the Third Platoon were leapfrogging past
her
left flank.  While still new to combat the pilots within the suits were
holding their fire till they had real targets.  They were heading for one of
only buildings that seemed to be standing and in one piece.  There they
would
be able to access the underground chambers and find out what the mission of
the base was.
    <08:45>
    Suddenly the ground next to her left leg exploded as a high-velocity
round slammed into it.  She triggered her jets while at the same time firing
a volley of missiles at the dark shadow that had appeared before her.  Her
missiles hit the target and exploded, clearing the dust out of the air and
exposing the Hive mecha as it continued to stomp forward, the auto cannon
blazing at the spot she HAD been standing on.  The missiles ruptured part of
the metal giant's left hip, while turning the armor on the legs into shreds
like clothe.  Even covered in the glowing flames it kept marching.
    Mist fired a second full volley.  The missiles spat out even before she
landed, hitting the other machine fully in the slopped frontal armor as it
turned to face her.  The layers of armor were peeled back and inner robotic
machinery exploded outwards, giving the chest the appearance of a wound
pouring out burning bodily organs.
    This finally forced it to skid to a halt but the damn machine kept
firing.  The turret was untouched and the cannon's sensors within it were
trying to guess her movements.  As the gun tried to zero in on her she was
forced to leap again, over a burning pool of mystery liquid, her suit's
jammers trying to confuse the Hive warrior's own equipment.
    <07:54>
    Even as she heard her suit reload fresh missiles from her suit's
magazine
in the launchers she realized she couldn't slug it out with the enemy
machine.  It outweighed her by at least 90 tons and who knew how many rounds
it had to waste?  Trying to attack it with energy swords would be her only
hope.  If only she could get past the barrel and stab her blades right into
the turret she could open it like a can of pudding!
    Right as the swords appeared her in hands the enemy machine seemed to be
center-punched, flame and debris flying out of the hole already in its
chest.
 Mist stared for a few seconds, before hearing the hiss that seemed to be
growing.  She grinned to herself, as Jay's tank appeared, rushing over the
sand on a cushion of air.  The hiss was the skirts rubbing over the packed
sand that acted like pavement within the base. The other three tanks were
close behind, their own turrets moving back and forth, as inside the gunners
and drivers searched for new prey.
    Her radio crackled and Jay's voice poured into her ears.
    "Stop fooling around and get exploring.  We'll handle anything left out
here.  The pickup ship will be here in less than seven minutes!"
    <06:32>
    Mist found the building's entrance blasted open.  She slipped her
tactical suit past the scorched door frame and started down the damaged
stairway.  It looked more like a ramp, made out of very long, shallow steps.
It was very different from stairways used by the humanoid races that
dominated the local universe.  A couple of times it was necessary to use her
jump jets to make small leaps over holes in the floor.  There were also a
few
damaged vehicles blocking her way down the spiraling ramp.
    She allowed her suit's system to scan one as she bounced past and
realized that the vehicle was nonmilitary in nature.  Some kind of powered
cart with a driver who was burnt beyond recognition.
    <05:24>
    Finally before her, at the end of the last step was a huge door.  It had
been forced open by brute force and from inside she could hear her sisters
using both missiles and swords.  Fire and smoke was pouring out of the door
but it did not stop her from rushing in.  She switched her radio to the
company's channel and said, "Remember!  We need to carry something back for
the scientists!"
    "Roger sister."
    "Right Captain."
    "Yes, sir!"
    Mist scanned about the first chamber and gasped.  All around her eggs
and
nursing machines burned and exploded.  Eggs popped, spraying their insides,
as they were cooked by the heat.  The machines still functioning tried to
save some of the eggs, spraying them with water as fans tried to suck out
the
heat, but they were fighting a losing fight.
    At her feet an egg had hatched prematurely.  An explosion had ripped the
egg case open and a tiny chick, an undeveloped Hive worker, was looking up
at
her.  Bleeding and slightly burnt the tiny baby looked up at her with huge
pale eyes and started to mewl.  Instinct demanded that the tiny new life
bond
with the first thing it saw.
    "It's a nursery," whispered Mist to herself.  The chamber shook as
another flight of missiles were used farther down in the complex's tunnels.
"SHIT!"
    <04:20>
    The baby looked down at itself, realizing for the first time that it was
something to notice.  Its yoke sag was leaking a yellow food to mix with its
own purple blood which was pooling onto the floor.  It was slowly dying
before her very eyes.
    <03:17>
    Mist formed a tiny dagger in her right hand, a humming reddish knife of
energy.  She kneeled down and was about to stab it into the tiny chick's
body
when she whimpered.  "No," she said to herself, the knife dispersing with a
soft pop and a flash of light.

    The pick up ship was on time and after picking up the tanks and
remaining
tactical suits, it launched itself into space, engines screaming through the
atmosphere.  It would soon be docking with the troop transport that was
already approaching with a small escort of frigates.
    Inside the fast ship the intelligent officers were going over the items
that the troops had collected from the enemy nursery.  Mist's item was a
shock to them.
    "You came back with a baby?" said one of the officers, his black uniform
crisp and clean.
    Mist held up the mewling baby.  "I gave it first aid, but it will need
to
be transferred to the hospital ship once we are back with the Fourth Fleet."
    "Are you crazy?" said the officer, pulling out his side arm. "We're not
taking that-"
    His movement was brought to a stop by the sound of humming swords, as
five of Mist's fellow clones, her sisters in arms, stepped forward.  One of
them, named Dale, moved her sword close to the officer's throat and said,
"You yelling at our Captain?"
    The officer, a member of the military intelligence section was not a
combat veteran and was not a breed known for swift reflexes.  He was not
going to be able to get off a shot before he died.
    "I would let it drop sir," said a voice from the other side of the
rumbling passenger chamber.  Captain Jay stepped forward, out of the shadow
of his cooling tank, a can of beer in his right hand.  Jay popped it open
and
the can chilled the beer instantly.  He smiled at the officer and added,
"The
HQ boys wanted data.  That chick will give them data.  Hell, they'll value
it
more than your dead body, so you better just drop it."
    The officer slid his weapon back into the holster and backed off slowly.
"The Fourth Fleet Commander will hear of this!"  Jay chuckled and thought, '
Support clones always seem so loud.'
    As the officer stomped off, Mist nodded to Jay and said, "Thank you."
She glanced down at the chick and asked, "Do you think the baby can eat some
of our rations?"
    "Hell no," said Jay with a smirk, "we can't even eat our own rations.
Wait for the doctors to look it over.  They'll have more of an idea of what
that little monster can and can't eat."
    Dale looked somewhat confused.  "But I had a ration bar only a few
minutes ago."
    Jay sighed and slurped from of his can of chilled beer.  Newbies never
had a sense of humor.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------
Tenchi Muyo! and related characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  The rest
are mine.  I am just borrowing Ryoko's DNA.  I promise to give it back.
