--------------------------Disclaimer-----------------------
Tenchi Muyo and all related characters are copyrighted by
AIC and Pioneer.
I claim no ownership of these characters, nor am I
attempting to profit from the use of them. I only hope to
entertain other fans with my writing.

Thank You
-----------------------------------------------------------
===========================================================
Author's Notes...
This is my first attempt at a fan fic of any type. But
please don't let this discourage you from reading. I make
no promises as to quality except that I'll do my best to
try and entertain you the reader.
===========================================================
Story notes...
This story takes place shortly after the conclusion of
"Manatsu No Eve".
Three new characters will be introduced into the saga. Who
are they and what are they doing here. Press on dear reader
and perhaps you will see.
===========================================================

--- Tenchi Muyo ---
"Sins not Forgotten"

- Chapter Five -
"Storms of Emotion"






Tenchi gently rocked Mayuka in his arms as he gave her an evening bottle.
Normally this was Ryoko's duty but, after her breakdown last night, Tenchi had 
decided to leave her be.

'She doesn't need to do anything but relax today.' He thought to himself.

As he placed Mayuka back into her crib he looked around the room. Originally 
this room had belonged to Ryoko but she had willingly given it up in favor of 
using it as a nursery. Now she slept on the couch or her usual spot on the 
rafter, or on warm nights she slept on the roof.

'I'll have to talk to her about last night.' He thought as he headed down to 
Washu's lab.

As Tenchi descended the stairs to the family room he saw Ryoko and Kiyone 
sitting at one end of the room enjoying a bottle of sake. He could hear sounds 
from the kitchen.

'Sasami must be making dinner already.' He mused silently 'She's not too 
troubled from last night, or she copes rather well.'

Out of the corner of his eye Tenchi caught sight of a young man wearing what 
appeared to be a Galaxy Police uniform. Catching sight of Tenchi the man 
suddenly went rigid. Tenchi walked over to him and extended a hand.

"Hello I'm Tenchi Masaki." He said politely "Are you a friend of Kiyone or 
Mihoshi."

"Uhmm..." the young officer began to pale as he stood.

"Well." Kiyone said sternly "Are you going to answer him or are you going to 
stand around all night looking like a fish out of water."

The young officer looked at Kiyone nervously "What exactly is the proper 
protocol for greeting a Jurian Noble." He asked sheepishly

Ryoko suddenly erupted into a tear filled fit of laughter. Kiyone smiled as she 
quietly set down the sake she was sipping. She looked directly at the officer.

"Remy in this house." She said quietly "THERE IS NO PROTOCOL." She yelled.
"Ever since you got here you have been asking questions about etiquette and 
protocol, but you haven't once yet told us why you are here."

"So your name is Remy." Tenchi said with his hand still outstretched.

Remy realizing Tenchi was still waiting to be greeted clasped his hand.
"Officer Second Class Remy Lamadin at your service sir."

Tenchi released the handshake and Remy seemed to relax just a bit
"So what brings you here." Tenchi asked

"I've been assigned the duty to train the resident officers of this sector, on 
use and operation of the newly released GP Bio-Combat Armor."

"I see." Tenchi said, "Well if you'll pardon me I have another guest to see 
about." Remy nodded as Tenchi turned and walked into Washu's lab.

Ryoko suddenly stopped laughing, sighed, put down her sake then vanished.

"Ok." Remy said "I've read the files on Ryoko I know the extent of her powers, 
so that wasn't surprising, but did Tenchi just walk into a closet."

"Kiddo, if you think that's surprising." Kiyone stated, "Then you haven't seen 
anything yet.


Tenchi quietly entered the room, he saw Arkain still sleeping albeit surrounded 
by slightly less equipment now. Ayeka and his grandfather sat off to one side 
and talked quietly. He was about to join them when Washu walked in behind him.

Washu walked over to the bed and waved her hand as she did the rest of the 
machines and monitoring devices disappeared. "And how is the sleeper." She asked 
to no one." Washu reached into a small pocket on her lab coat a produced a small 
vial and broke it under the nose of a sleeping Arkain.

A sweet aroma filled the room. "That smells like Sasami's cooking." Tenchi noted

"That's because it is." Washu added with a smile. "It's my own personal version 
of a non-violent smelling salt, guaranteed to wake up even the deepest of 
sleepers."

Arkain's eye slowly fluttered open. "That has got to be the best smelling 
hospital food I've ever smelled." He stated. Only to be answered seconds later 
by the grumblings of his own stomach. 

Arkain glanced around the room; he recognized Tenchi and his grandfather 
readily. The girl with the purple hair was unknown to him and the little girl 
standing next to him had more than a passing resemblance to the doctor who had 
treated him earlier.

"Hey where's the doc." Arkain questioned as he continued glancing around the 
room.

"Humph." Washu grunted as she placed both hands on her hips and turned to walk 
out of the room. "I leave him to your capable hands folks. I have more tests to 
run before dinner." She remarked as she closed the door.

"Tests." Arkain questioned. "Wait a minute don't tell me that was..." his voice 
trailed off as the three standing in front of him nodded in unison. Arkain 
placed a hand on his forehead and sank back into his pillow. "Oh boy, me and my 
big mouth." He groaned.

"If you will excuse us please." Katsuhito asked to Ayeka and Tenchi. "But I 
believe our guest and I have some private matters to discuss."

Both nodded in agreement as the exited the room. "Don't be too long Grandpa." 
Tenchi mused as he closed the door "You know how Sasami gets when people are 
late for dinner."

"So what do we need to discuss that's so important." Arkain asked as he again 
propped himself up.

"Well." Katsuhito began as he pulled a chair up to the bedside. "Let me begin
by telling you the story of an ancient warrior named Yosho..."



Tenchi and Ayeka walked into the family room to find Kiyone still in her chair 
and Remy sitting on the end of the couch. He seemed to be explaining something 
to her. Which appeared to have her quite interested.

'Well at least he's sitting down now.' Tenchi mused to himself quietly.

"Kiyone." Ayeka said, interrupting the conversation. "Who is your new friend." 
She asked.

Remy looked around to see who had interrupted him, when he saw Ayeka standing 
there he almost lost his composure. Quickly he jumped to his feet, snapped a 
salute, and then bowed deeply. "Officer Second Class Remy Lamadin at your 
service your highness." He squeaked.

Ayeka put her hand to her mouth to stifle a small giggle a Kiyone rose up behind 
Remy, she grabbed him by the ear and forced him back into a sitting position on 
the couch.

"Owww." Remy complained nursing his ear. "What was that for."

Kiyone opened her mouth to speak, but she remained quiet as Ayeka held up her 
hand.

"It's alright Kiyone, he's just following what he was taught to do. He doesn't 
know that we are all treated as equals here." 

"But aren't you the crown princess of the Jurian royal family." Remy asked 
seeming a bit confused.

"Yes I am." Ayeka answered "When I'm on Jurai, when I'm here I'm just Ayeka."

"Uhmm ok." Remy still sounded a little bewildered

"You'll get used to it." Kiyone said as she slumped back into the chair.
"How long are you going to be here anyway." She added.

"I've been given leave here til you and you're partner are fully trained and can 
pass the basic combat test in the new bio-armor." He stated.

Kiyone dropped her face into her hands and sighed. "I hope you like long 
vacations kiddo."

"Why is that." He asked

Kiyone lifted her head from her hand and looked directly at him as she spoke a 
single word "Mihoshi."

Ayeka could no longer contain herself as she excused herself to the kitchen.

"Is there something I should know about." Remy asked puzzled.

"You'll find out soon enough." Tenchi said with a slight smile.
"By the way Kiyone, where did Ryoko go."

"I don't know Tenchi she just up and disappeared just as you walked into the 
lab."
She replied.

"I guess I better go look for her." Tenchi said as he started for the door.
"She's probably still upset about last night."

"What happened last night." Remy asked unaware of the events that had transpired 
before his arrival.

Tenchi stopped buttoning his coat and began to look distressed. "Well you 
see..." he began slowly.

"It's ok Tenchi." Kiyone interrupted him "I'll explain it to him so I can get it 
straight in my own head."

Tenchi smiled and nodded as he finished with his coat and headed out the door.


Ryoko sat on the shrine's small porch and cried. What happened to her last 
night. Why had she attacked an innocent man. 'Because he looked like Kagato.'
She thought to herself. 'Or was it because you were afraid.' Suddenly her mind 
was at odds with itself trying to rationalize what had happened.
'Admit it you were afraid, weren't you.'

'Afraid of what a man who just happens to have a passing resemblance to HIM.'

'No you weren't afraid of HIM you were afraid of what he represented.'

'Listen you, I'm not afraid of anything.'

'Yes, you are afraid Ryoko, you're afraid of being a slave to another's wishes.'

'I'll NEVER go back to that NEVER do you hear me.'

Ryoko buried her face in her hands and sobbed all the harder as she warred 
internally with her own emotions. After what seemed like an eternity the war 
subsided, she felt another presence near hers. She looked up to see Tenchi 
sitting next to her.

"Oh Tenchi I'm so sorry." She wailed as she wrapped her arms around him and 
buried her face into his chest and began crying fresh tears.

Tenchi placed one arm around her and gently stroked her hair. "It's alright 
Ryoko, no one is angry with you and no one is going to take you away from us."

"But what about him, oh Tenchi I don't even know what his name is." Ryoko sobbed 
as she looked up at him.

Tenchi chuckled lightly "His name is Arkain Locke, and according to Washu he'll 
make a full recovery. In fact he and grandpa should be coming out of the lab 
right now to join everyone else for dinner."

Ryoko seemed to calm down, more from Tenchi's presence than from the good news 
but she was grateful that Arkain would recover.

"Shall we go join them for dinner." Tenchi asked

"Uh-uh." Ryoko responded as she pulled herself tighter against Tenchi. "I wanna 
stay right here forever."

Tenchi started to stand as he helped Ryoko to her feet. "you know how upset 
Sasami gets when someone misses a meal, now do you really want to upset her by 
staying here."

"No I guess not." She replied as she and Tenchi began the walk down the steps of 
the shrine. As they walked snow began to fall as the dark clouds pressed in 
overhead.



"Dinner's ready." Sasami announced cheerfully. "Sister would you go tell Washu  
Grandfather and Mr. Arkain that dinner is ready."

"Of course, Sasami." Ayeka replied as she started for the lab door

"Kiyone would you help me set the table."

"I'd be happy to Sasami." 

"I still don't get it." Remy asked. "You're the second princess of the biggest 
empire in the known universe. And yet here you are cooking dinner."

Kiyone stared down at the table and sighed. "Are you sure you're not related to 
my partner."

Sasami giggled and she began setting out the food. "It's ok Kiyone." She then 
turned and faced Remy. "Actually I happen to enjoy cooking very much."

"Sasami's practically the greatest chef in the universe." Washu said as she 
walked in followed by Ayeka.

"Where are Lord Tenchi and Ryoko." Ayeka asked.

"Ryoko disappeared and Tenchi went to find her." Kiyone said as she finished 
setting the last place at the table and sat down.

"Oh that shameless harlot has probably lured Lord Tenchi into one of her devious
traps." Ayeka snorted as she headed to the door.

"They will be fine." Commented Katsuhito as he walked into the room and took a 
seat at the table. "Now sit down and relax they will return soon, I've yet to 
see Ryoko miss one of Sasami's meals on purpose."

"But she could be..." Ayeka stated

"Sit down Ayeka." Katsuhito said calmly

Ayeka sat down and hung her head as she fidgeted with a napkin. 'I'm sure that 
awful monster is up to something with my Tenchi .' she thought to herself

"So where's our guest of honor." Washu asked as she too took a seat.

"He is changing into something a bit more suitable for dining." Katsuhito 
replied "I gave him some of my old priest outfits to wear until arrangements can 
be made. He should be out shortly."

Suddenly a loud banging was heard at the door, and as if on cue a gust of wind 
howled from outside it muffled but could not hide Tenchi's cry.

"Hey could somebody in there open the door." He yelled over the rushing wind. "I 
think the door is frozen."

Katsuhito stood up and walked over to the door he gave it a slight tug but it 
refused to yield. "You may be on to something Tenchi." He said with a note of 
humor in his voice.

"C'mon grandpa open the door we're freezing out here." Tenchi yelled unable to 
appreciate his grandfather's humor.

Katsuhito tugged more forcibly this time a the door reluctantly opened.

Tenchi and Ryoko were swept inside by a sudden gust of wind. Tenchi guided Ryoko 
to a chair as Katsuhito closed the door behind them.

"That's quite a bit of snow out there." He remarked as he returned to the table

"Yeah we got caught in it on the way back from the shrine, there must be almost 
half an inch out there by now." Tenchi said as he rubbed his arms trying to warm 
himself up.

"Well everyone's here so let's eat." Ryoko said with her usual zeal.

"We are still missing one guest." Katsuhito reminded her 

As if timed by fate the lab door was heard closing and footsteps were heard 
approaching the kitchen.

Arkain walked into the kitchen and stood. "It sure smells good in here." He 
announced.

Ryoko's gasp was loud enough to draw everyone's attention including Arkain's.
Ryoko sat shakily in her chair, her eyes grew wide in terror as Arkain's eye met 
Hers'. She searched his face for any sign of anger. She found none as he spoke.

"Hello angel." He said softly, directing his attention to Ryoko.

Ryoko's eyes rolled back as her body fell into the floor in a heap.



Ryoko awoke to the sounds of wind howling. She slowly opened her eyes and was 
greeted to the sight of Washu sitting in a chair near the bed, she held a plate 
of covered food in her lap. Behind her was Mayuka sound asleep in her crib.

"How'd I get here." She asked groggily

"Well my little Ryoko." Washu started.

Ryoko grimaced at the reference "Washu how many times have I asked you not to 
call me that." She snarled.

"What else should a mother call her daughter." Washu rebutted.

"Washu." Ryoko began with a slight edge to her voice. "YOU are NOT, my mother."

Washu looked pained for a moment then continued. "You fainted before you had a 
chance to eat dinner so while Tenchi and Lord Katsuhito brought you up here I 
had Sasami make you a plate and set it aside." Washu handed Ryoko the plate.

"Thanks." She said as she uncovered the plate and began eating. "But why did you 
bring me up here."

"Well for starters." Washu began "You agreed to take care of Mayuka so why 
shouldn't you sleep in here."

"I'll bet her royalness had a fit when you suggested that." Ryoko said in-
between 
mouthfuls.

"Actually Ayeka said very little on the matter, and it was Tenchi who suggested 
this not me. Although I tend to agree with him." Washu paused as she debated 
into going over the next bit. "Secondly until you come to terms with our guest 
he has agreed to stay out of this room after tonight."

"What do you mean AFTER tonight." Ryoko questioned.

Washu directed her gaze to the far side of the room, Ryoko did like wise.
Washu placed her hand gently on Ryoko's shoulder as the sound of chopsticks 
could be heard clattering against a plate. Ryoko gasped as she saw Katsuhito
Sitting near the foot of the bed as he looked at her calmly, she also saw 
another figure seated next to him with his back to her. The hair however was a 
giveaway as to the others identity. Ryoko's expression went from shock to fear 
as she realized she could no longer teleport.

'What did you do Washu.' She snarled through the mental link she shared with the 
red haired scientist.

'I placed an inhibitor field inside the room.' Washu answered 'Don't worry it's 
just for tonight I'll take it down in the morning.'

'You'd better.' Ryoko mentally snapped.

"Well if you kids will excuse me." Washu said aloud "I have to go see about 
getting another GP cruiser parked into subspace." With that said Washu quietly 
left the room.

Ryoko hugged her knees to her chest as she sat on the bed, she stared blankly 
down at the still sleeping Mayuka.

"It's alright Ryoko no one in this room wishes you any harm." Katsuhito said 
gently.

"I guess your idea of no harm is to seal someone away in a cave for seven 
hundred years." Ryoko screamed at him then she silently berated herself fearful 
that she might have awoke Mayuka.

Katsuhito looked downtrodden as he cast his gaze to the floor. "I was younger 
then and more prone to rash decision." He said quietly. "I had no idea you would 
be conscious throughout the ordeal." Katsuhito then raised his gaze to meet 
hers. "It's past time I asked you to forgive me Ryoko, but I'm here now doing 
just that. Will you forgive me." 

Ryoko seemed to relax a bit as her face took on a dreamlike expression. "Silly 
old man." She mused. "I forgave you a long time ago, in fact it wasn't to long 
after I had seen Tenchi for the first time. Hell if you hadn't locked me up I'd 
probably still be out doing the will of that bastard to this day or I'd be dead. 
In either case I would have never had the chance to know your grandson. So yes I 
forgive you.

Katsuhito bowed deeply to Ryoko as he stepped back from the foot of your bed. 
Ryoko was shaken from her daze and brought back to reality as she heard Arkain 
speak.

"Perhaps Angel if you can forgive Lord Katsuhito then you can also forgive me."
Arkain asked in a calm gentle voice.

Ryoko looked back down at Mayuka who continued to sleep peacefully. "Why are you 
asking me for forgiveness I blasted you remember." Ryoko said.

"I'm asking you to forgive me for making you lose control, I can't even begin to 
imagine what your life must have been like, being forced to serve against your 
will the whims and wishes of a lunatic." He said gently

Ryoko chuckled under her breath "You have no idea of the hell that was my 
existence."

"No I do not." Arkain stated. "That's why I'm asking you to forgive for bringing 
your past back to you and in your face so to say."

Ryoko now laughed. "I'll forgive you on two condition."

"And what might those be." He asked

"One you have to forgive me." She said softly. "And two why do you keep calling 
me ANGEL my name is RYOKO R-Y-O-K-O."

"First I forgive you, besides your mother did an excellent job fixing me back 
up." He stated

"She is NOT my mother." Ryoko interrupted with a snarl.

Arkain, not wanting to arouse her anger, quickly moved to the next topic. "And 
as for your second request let's just says, if the name fits." He finished as he 
did he turned himself around in the chair to face Ryoko.

Katsuhito chuckled at the remark and Ryoko looked about to speak when all were 
interrupted by a knock at the door.

Washu opened the door and stepped in. "Would you to strong gentlemen mind 
helping me for a moment."

"What seems to be the problem Washu." Katsuhito asked.

"Well it seems the snowfall outside has clogged the engines of Officer Lamadin's 
Cruiser and I need some help getting the lev pads set up and pushing into the 
hanger." She explained.

"And where is Tenchi." Katsuhito asked

"He's out there now helping with the setup but we'll need more for the job." She 
answered

"I'll help." Ryoko said, as she got up from the bed, eager to be by Tenchi's 
side even if work was involved.

Katsuhito moved over and took her hand, giving it a gentle squeeze, as he took 
her back to the bed. "No I think you will sit this one out Ryoko." He said as he 
released her.

"Oh alright." Ryoko said as she crawled back into the bed.

"Well get a move on slo-pokes." Washu said, "Before it gets any worse out there.

Taking the hint Arkain and Katsuhito both headed out the door. After everyone 
had filed out of the room Ryoko got up and crept over to the outlet half 
obscured by the beds nightstand. She slowly opened her hand to reveal a small 
shell shaped nightlight that Katsuhito had placed there just moments earlier.
Ryoko plugged in the light then smiled as she welcomed its soft glow.

"At least I still have some secrets." She said to herself as she climbed back 
into bed.





Well there you have it the end to Chapter 5. Work on Chap. 6 will begin soon so 
keep an eye out for it
And as always send comments, criticisms and compliments to
rakain1@home.com

Thanks go out as always to my proofreaders
Proofreader no. 1
Bryan Browder: dbz_rockz@hotmail.com 

Proofreader no. 2
Kevin Hogan: kevynba@hotmail.com

send them an e-mail and tell them what a good job they're doing





