	
Sins of the Past
Part II
By Ryan "Dinobot" McMeen

	
The meadow was so beautiful, so perfect in every way.  The grass was green and 
fresh, everywhere flowers opened up their marvelous petals to the sun, showing 
the entire world their beauty and grace.  The young girl loved to be here.  It 
was one of her favorite spots, even from when she was a baby.  Now, that she was 
six years old, she could finally start to play with all of the animals and roll 
around in the grass and the flowers, she could begin to truly enjoy nature.  As 
her tiny legs carried her across the meadow, all she could think about was of 
just how wonderful everything was, especially the sun.  The sun to her was like 
someone's eye.  Someone who cared for her deeply, deeply enough to make the sun 
to keep her warm and to keep all of the darkness out of her world, to make the 
plants grow, the flowers bloom, the birds to sing; to make her life perfect.  
She loved to just lie down on her back and look up at the sun.  She knew it had 
great power, but it was so kind and gentle to her, it would never hurt her.  It 
would always be there for her, it would always be there to keep her warm when 
things got cold, it would be there to dry away her tears, and it would always be 
there to help make her laugh when she felt like crying.  It was her best friend.  
	
	She though the sun would be there for her forever, but then the girl 
suddenly felt a strong breeze whipping through the meadow, not a gentle or 
cooling wind at all, but chilling and it made her cry.  The sun tried to keep 
her warm, but to no avail, the wind just kept coming, and with it a huge rolling 
mist was brought, so vast and so black that the girl couldn't even see the sun's 
light in it.  She could see it coming towards her, faster and faster, closer and 
closer, but she was too terrified to move.  She merely stood there, petrified.  
As the cloud continued towards her, it sucked the life out of the plants, 
causing them to wilt and die.  Even the beautiful flowers had their life and 
their beauty drained by the fog.  So beautiful, and so innocent, and yet now 
they were being choked to death by the impending cloud.  Why?  Why would 
anything want to destroy something as beautiful and harmless as a flower?  Why 
was the cloud destroying nature, destroying her world?  But soon, the girl could 
tell that the cloud wasn't there for just her world, it was there for her.  It 
surrounded her, and then began to slowly move in on her.  She began to panic and 
asked where her sun had gone.  Where was it?  Why wasn't it protecting her?  
Then she looked up at the sun and saw it being choked just like the flowers.  It 
was trying to fight through the haze, but no matter how hard it tried, it 
couldn't break through.  The girl cried out to the sun, begged it to come and 
protect her.  She saw a blinding white light as the sun began to use its immense 
power to try and get to her, it almost penetrated through the blackness and 
through the icy chill of the wind, but at the last second the fog stopped the 
sun.  It couldn't go any farther, even though it was almost within reach of her 
to step into its healing light once again, it strained as hard as it could, but 
it couldn't reach her.  It summoned up more and more strength to protect her, 
but it was no use, the mist wouldn't have it, the girl belonged to it now, not 
the sun.  
	
	Not the beautiful and tender sun, not the sun that had always looked down 
upon the earth at her and cared for her.  It was gone now, and all that was left 
was the mist, the blackness.  She cried out one last time to try and reach her 
sun again.  She screamed as loud as she could, but it was no use, the sun heard 
her but it couldn't penetrate the mist as it carried her away into complete 
darkness.  She began to cry uncontrollably as she saw the bottomless, black pit 
that awaited her.  No light shone through it at all, and it began to suck 
everything into itself like a great vacuum, all the plants and animals that had 
survived the mist were now being destroyed by the vacuum, and soon the girl 
discovered she was being drawn into it as well.  She continued to cry and 
scream, cry and scream for the sun to come and rescue her, but it was no use.  
She couldn't even see the faintest ray of its beautiful light anymore.  Then she 
felt the walls of the vortex close around her, beginning to crush her as she was 
brought closer and closer to it.  Now she screamed not only for the sun, but 
also out of pain as she felt parts of her being crushed out of her, forced out 
of her mind by the pain the vortex was creating.  It was as though her mind was 
being ripped apart and then sewn back together in the same twisted manner as the 
dark vortex.  She let out one final scream, and then she no longer screamed.  
She had no reason to scream, all she saw was the darkness, it was her home now.  
It was her world, it was her life, and she knew no other.

	
	Tenchi had been right about a lot of things that Monday morning when he 
discovered the girls' movie channels.  The bill came almost instantly and as he 
had expected, it was a lot more than Tenchi had.  It totaled to somewhere around 
55,000 yen, which Tenchi would have to find somewhere, although he really wasn't 
looking forward to raising that kind of money, considering the kinds of things 
he would have to try.  The other thing he was right about was it was a long 
day...a real long day.  All of his classes had seemed to last an eternity as 
most were filled with boring lectures.  
	
	Tenchi and most of his classmates agreed that the most terrible part about 
school was the lectures.  Lectures that could take entire class periods at a 
time and then pick up the day after right where the teacher had believed they 
had left off.  Although usually it was about twenty minutes into their speech 
from yesterday so all of the other material they had covered after the first 
twenty minutes was reviewed again.  It was just so incredibly boring to 
everybody, even most of the nerds in the class.  That was what made Tenchi do 
badly more than anything else, the boredom.  It ate away at his brain like a 
giant bug of knowledge.  It burrowed its way into his brain and tried to cram 
itself in with all the other knowledge in Tenchi's brain, but instead it just 
crowded things up and confused him, so it began to eat away at parts of his 
brain that it believed were unnecessary.  Finally, the bug got so fat from 
eating so much at Tenchi's brain that it exploded, destroying all the original 
information it held plus all the information it had devoured to make room for 
itself.  
	
	On that day, Tenchi wondered, and prayed that he still had some capacity 
to think because the last subject of the day was biology and he was having a 
huge test in there today that would count towards one third of his entire grade.  
Originally, it wouldn't have counted for so much, but that changed the day the 
biology teacher decided to inform them about the test.  That day had started 
with another boring lecture that spawned a whole swarm of boredom bugs.  
Everyone was going crazy from not doing anything other than taking notes.  At 
first Tenchi had thought that only slackers and fools didn't take notes and 
goofed off during lectures, but it was then that Tenchi discovered that maybe 
they were the geniuses of the class.  They actually kept their brains active and 
working while the rest of his classmates listened to the incessant droning of 
their teacher about how plant cells use osmosis to deliver water from the roots 
to the rest of the plant.  True, the activities they engaged in could be 
considered anything but intelligent, seeing as how most of it involved seeing 
who could wad up the most paper and throw it at people who had fallen asleep 
without waking them up.  But that's how the trouble started.  One of the boys 
who were throwing the paper wads accidentally used the laws of physics to his 
disadvantage.  He had just made the largest paper wad of anyone in his little 
group and was preparing to throw it from his position in the back right hand 
corner of the class to a rather chubby girl with thick glasses, on the other 
side of the room.  She had just lost the battle with herself to remain awake, 
which was unusual because she was one of the few in the entire school who could 
survive these long biology lectures.  So the group wanted to test her out for 
the first time.  The boy threw his paper wad at her probably a lot harder than 
he needed to, missing her by an inch, but hitting the corner of one of her 
books, causing the paper wad to ricochet and hit their teacher right in the back 
of his head.  He had never turned around the entire lecture, probably one of the 
reasons why this teacher was one of the most notorious for boring lectures 
because he never looked back to see his class all in dreamland while he was 
talking about biology.  If he did, he would have quit his job, killed everyone, 
or would maybe have changed his teaching strategy, or all three.  However, at 
this moment in time, when he turned around, it looked like he was going to 
choose choice B; kill everyone.  First off, he was furious about getting hit in 
the head with a paper wad, and when he turned around to see most of his class 
half dead and some of them covered in paper wads, he appeared to be ready to 
scream bloody murder and strangle the entire class, although now that Tenchi 
thought about it, that may have been the better solution from Tenchi's 
standpoint, he wouldn't have had to worry about the impending test.  Anyway, the 
biology teacher exploded.  His yelling woke everyone up almost immediately.  And 
those who were still asleep sat up perfectly straight in their chairs and put on 
a face of utter terror when the teacher yelled, "There will be a test in one 
week!!!  And it will count for one third of your final grade!!!"  Instantly, 
everyone groaned and tried to weasel, sweet talk, or began to think of possible 
excuses to get out of taking the test or at least getting it pushed back 
farther.  But it was no use, the teacher was so infuriated that nothing short of 
an act of God could have changed his mind, and even God might have had trouble 
with it.
	
	So Tenchi had taken the test, and already he knew what his grade was going 
to be, but he didn't want to think about it.  But then again, he thought, what 
else was there to think about?  He could think about the fact that there was an 
incredibly powerful space pirate and a Juraian Princess waiting for him to come 
home so they could continue their eternal battle over him.  No, that battle had 
caused way too much medical and property damage in the past.  He could think 
about the fact that Mihoshi and Kiyone were coming over for dinner tonight so 
Mihoshi would probably end up doing something stupid and breaking something 
valuable.  No, that was almost as bad as Ryoko and Aeka, and when Mihoshi was 
around, accidents were bound to follow.  He could think about the fact that 
there was a mad scientist in the closet underneath the stairs with dreams of 
performing experiments, especially on him, that would probably violate almost 
every article in the Geneva Convention.  NO!  He could think about the cable 
incident this morning.  NO! NO!  He could think about...heck that was it.  There 
was nothing else happening in Tenchi's life that he could actually take the time 
to think about.  Even in the privacy of his own thoughts he was consumed by all 
the responsibilities of the real world.  Moments like this made Tenchi feel like 
he was in a steel cage that he could never break through and that everyone else 
was looking in on him, laughing and pointing at him.  All Tenchi could think to 
do was groan and lower his head just as he had this morning.  He doubted that 
even Sasami and Ryo-oki could cheer him up now.  This was just one of those 
days.
	
	After his bus stopped at its usual spot, fairly near the Masaki residence, 
Tenchi slowly and almost unwillingly got up and exited the bus, then he slowly 
began to walk home.  It wasn't going to be pleasant when he got home, especially 
if his dad was already there, and even if he weren't, his grandpa would probably 
make things bad enough for him.  Which reminded Tenchi, grandpa had told him 
that he was going to go through a big sword-fighting lesson today.  Great, now I 
can be physically and mentally worn down, Tenchi thought to himself.  Man, why 
can't I just have a normal life?  I mean, sure I would still have had that big 
biology test today, but at least I wouldn't have had to deal with everything 
else, especially the cable thing this morning.  Geez, I'm going to die for that 
when dad gets home.

	When Tenchi did finally arrive home, he slid open the doors quietly and 
saw that only Ryoko was in the living room, and she was asleep, or at least she 
appeared to be.  It looked like she was having the human equivalent of the 
classic "chasing rabbits" dreams that dogs so often get.  She was moaning and 
punching into thin air, and even though her eyes were closed, it was as though 
she knew exactly what she was aiming for.  Tenchi had to admit, it was amusing 
to watch one of the most feared criminals in the galaxy acting so funny, but it 
wasn't enough to cheer him out of his dreary mood completely, the best it did 
was bring a small smirk to his face.  Aeka walked into the room just as Tenchi 
was smiling at the unconscious Ryoko, and began to giggle herself.
	
	"How long has she been like this?" Tenchi asked.
	
	"Oh, ever since she poured another bottle of sake down her throat, which 
was about four hours ago.  I did try to wake her up, but when she began kicking 
like that, it just became too irresistible," Aeka explained, obviously keeping 
back a great deal of laughter.

	"What became irresistible?"

	"That!  Hahahahahahahaha!" Aeka burst out laughing as she pointed towards 
the ceiling at a small black object apparently taped to it.  At first Tenchi 
couldn't recognize it, but very shortly he noticed the small red light in the 
center of it, and then he put two and two together.

	"A camera?!" Tenchi half asked and half exclaimed.  "You're videotaping 
Ryoko's dream?!"

	"Well of coarse, Lord Tenchi, I simply couldn't pass up this golden 
opportunity.  After all, Ryoko usually does such a good job of covering up her 
tracks whenever she does something ridiculous, that I could never see a chance 
like this again.  You understand, don't you Lord Tenchi?"

	"Yeah, I guess.  I just really wish you guys would give up this fierce 
competition before someone really gets hurt."

	"Oh, you mean Ryoko hurt me?  Oh don't be ridiculous, Lord Tenchi.  I can 
assure you that not only am I more than a match for that woman, but Izake and 
Kamidake can also take her out with ease.  I promise you that I am in no danger 
whatsoever."

	Tenchi buried his face in his hand and groaned once more, Aeka had just 
missed the message of his statement again.  Both of them did, all the time and 
it got so annoying sometimes.  Aeka had lived the privileged life of a princess 
of Jurai's royal family for so long that she was used to getting most anything 
she wanted handed to her, and those things she didn't like, thrown away.  Ryoko, 
on the other hand, didn't have much of an upbringing of which to speak of since 
she was controlled by Kagato for most of her life.  But her personality now was 
almost like the other side of the same coin as Aeka's.  Ryoko also took whatever 
it was she wanted and disposed of whatever it was she didn't want.  These 
similarities might have made them friends in some sane and normal world, but it 
didn't here because both were competing for Tenchi.  Neither one was willing to 
give him up, especially not to the other, so it was there similar personalities 
that made them such bitter rivals.  Sometimes, Tenchi wondered if either one of 
them really loved him anymore or if all there competing was just that, 
competition, trying to prove that they were better than the other one by beating 
them to Tenchi's heart.  Whether or not they were really still in love with him, 
Tenchi did care for both of them and it pained him to see them at each other's 
throats at the time, both figuratively and literally.  

	"Aeka, I didn't mean that.  I mean I know that you can hold your own 
against Ryoko and Izake and Kamidake can too, it's just that..." Tenchi began, 
but he trailed off as a thought crossed his head.  "By the way, where are Izake 
and Kamidake?"

	"Oh, they were temporarily recalled back to Jurai on the order of my 
father," Aeka explained.

	"Why would Azusa do that?"

	"I'm afraid I'm not quite certain, but a scout ship came to pick them up, 
and they can go much faster than any other ship in the universe, so they should 
be back anytime now," Aeka went on.  Almost as though on cue, a capsule fell to 
the earth with two green cells attached to it.  When the capsule hit the ground, 
the cells broke free and the guardians, Izake and Kamidake emerged.

	"That was some ride, now I remember why I've always said I hate space 
travel," Izake mumbled to his partner.

	"No kidding, I usually don't mind space travel, but then again I'm used to 
riding in capital ships, not crummy little things like the scout ships.  I hope 
I never go on anything like that again," Kamidake added.  Then, the two 
guardians used their "eyes" to see Aeka who, with Tenchi, was running out to 
greet them.

	"Ah, princess, we bring an invitation from your father, King Azusa," Izake 
said as he bowed before the princess.

	"Oh, what sort of invitation?" Aeka asked, looking rather startled.

	"Why, to the Festival of the Humdar, of coarse," Kamidake answered.

	"The Festival of the Humdar?  Has it really been that long?  I can't 
believe that I forgot about it, it always was my favorite childhood memory." 
Aeka's eyes began to shimmer when she spoke the word of Humdar.

	"What was, Aeka?" Sasami asked as she came running out with Ryo-oki atop 
her head.

	"Oh, the Festival of the Humdar."

	"Well of coarse, who couldn't love the Humdar?" Sasami asked in a very 
matter-of-fact style of voice.  Tenchi just blushed at the fact that he had no 
idea what anyone was talking about.

	"Uh, excuse me, but what exactly is the Festival of the Humdar?" Tenchi 
asked, scratching the back of his head and seeming very nervous.

	"Oh, forgive me Lord Tenchi.  The Festival of the Humdar is a celebration 
approximately every ten years commemorating the bravery of a certain unit of 
Juraian soldiers called the Humdar.  Around three thousand years ago, it is 
rumored that an evil warlord came to power in a tiny village on the outskirts of 
the Jurai Empire.  Naturally, the Jurai royal family dispatched a nearby unit of 
foot soldiers to protect the village."

	"The Humdar?"

	"Yes, Lord Tenchi.  Anyway, it was discovered later on that the warlord 
had possessed an enormous military force that we had not known about.  But 
regardless, the Humdar stormed the warlord's fortress.  The battle was so 
intense that absolutely no battle record survives to this day except for the 
reports of the actual Humdar soldiers themselves."
	
	"How many survived?"
	
	"Well, that's the truly amazing part of the story, the entire unit 
suffered no casualties yet destroyed an army over fifteen times their size!"

	"Wow!  That's incredible!" Tenchi exclaimed as his eyes began to widen 
with interest.

	"So, from that moment on, every ten years there was a celebration on 
Planet Jurai to commend the soldiers on their bravery and on their 
accomplishment.  Every square inch of the capitol, except for the palace, is 
converted into a huge square filled with food, games, music, dancing, and 
everything else your heart could desire."

	"It's the best time in the universe, Tenchi!  I wish we could go," Sasami 
said, looking depressed as she put her head down and kicked some dust into the 
air.  Ryo-oki leapt from her head and tried to use her irresistible cabbit charm 
to try and cheer Sasami up again, but it didn't seem to work.

	"Well you'll get your wish, Sasami, father has asked us to come!" Aeka 
exclaimed.  At this, Sasami's eyes expanded to almost twice their normal size as 
she ran over to her sister and hugged her.  Ryo-oki soon joined in, snuggling in 
between the two princesses.  

	"Wait, a minute.  What about Tenchi, and Yosho, and everybody else?" 
Sasami asked, suddenly becoming sad again.

	"Your father has informed us that you are both allowed to bring as many 
guests as you so choose," Izake explained.

	"And the impression I received was that he especially wanted Lord Tenchi 
to attend as well, and even to participate in the Braato," Kamidake added.

	"Oh, what a splendid idea," Aeka said, but then she looked over to Tenchi, 
who had just gone completely clueless again.  "Sorry again, Tenchi.  I just keep 
forgetting that you have no knowledge of any of this.  During the festival, one 
event stands out above all others in terms of importance, and that is the 
Braato."

	"But what exactly is it?" Tenchi was clearly getting even more nervous.  
He knew that Azusa wasn't exactly fond of him and dreaded the idea of being put 
into some kind of foreign ceremony at Azusa's request.

	"Braato was the name of the tiny village that the Humdar defended, and 
every festival there is a mock battle created to recreate the actual battle as 
the soldiers described it."

	"A battle!?" Tenchi exclaimed as his eyes nearly bulged out of their 
sockets at the thought of being put into a battle.  True he had already been in 
several, but it didn't mean he was exactly fond of them.

	"Oh, don't worry Tenchi, no one ever gets hurt.  It's all done with 
virtual reality systems.  You see, you get into a little capsule and your mind 
is hooked up to all the other warriors' minds and its like you're actually in 
the battle, even though there's really not anyone there," Sasami reassuredly 
explained to Tenchi, who took a huge sigh of relief.

	"Well, in that case I guess I can go.  I just have to find a sword or 
something."

	"Actually, his majesty asked that you bring your own sword." Kamidake 
added.

	"Jeez, I don't know.  My sword is pretty powerful and really precious, I'm 
not sure I want to bring it with me to another planet just for a game.  What if 
something happened to it?"	

	"Oh, don't be silly Lord Tenchi.  My father has invited us and so you will 
have all the comforts of royalty, including protection.  Nothing will happen to 
your sword," Aeka said, giggling from what she considered to be a preposterous 
statement.  What could possibly go wrong with the protection and care of the 
Jurai royal family?

	Tenchi thought about it for a few moments.  It didn't seem right to him, 
why should he bring such a powerful relic with him if this thing were nothing 
more than a simulated battle.  If he actually had to fight someone, then he 
would have had no objections to bringing along the Tenchi-ken, but why must he 
bring it for a game?  He knew Azusa wasn't fond of the idea of Tenchi being next 
in line to inherit the throne, but exactly how far was Azusa willing to go to 
prevent that from happening?  What if this was part of some big conspiracy of 
his to insure that Tenchi never become ruler of Jurai?  Tenchi looked over to 
Aeka, Sasami, and the guardians and looked into their innocent faces.  They 
clearly had no worries, and were apparently confused by Tenchi's concern over 
his sword.  They knew the power it held, but they couldn't recognize its true 
significance, even Tenchi couldn't.  It may have seemed trivial to them, but 
Tenchi sensed something deeper than just a game, he sensed something far more 
sinister.  "I'm going to have to think about this one you guys," he said as he 
turned and ran off into the woods.  


	Tenchi didn't even bother to look behind him; he could already read the 
expressions on their faces.  Confusion, bewilderment, concern over why Tenchi 
cared so much over something so meaningless.  Meaningless to them perhaps, but 
not to him.  No, there were too many forces at work within the sword for him to 
just use it for something like this, for him to risk losing it.  But actually, 
Tenchi realized that he might have brought along the Tenchi-ken anyway, but then 
Kamidake had said that Azusa specifically asked for him to bring the sword.  Why 
had he done that?  What was the significance to him?  Tenchi was almost 
completely certain that Azusa knew the powers that were in that sword, so his 
asking for it raised many questions.  The fact that Azusa wasn't all too fond of 
Tenchi didn't dispel Tenchi's fears or worries any either.  Finally, there was 
the sheer suddenness of all of this.  Azusa hadn't spoken to them for months, 
and now he was suddenly opening up the doors of Jurai.  And he wanted the 
Tenchi-ken to be there as well.  Azusa was usually a very predictable person, 
not to say that he was shallow, but just that he was perhaps a bit conservative, 
thus making it easier to predict his moves.  But this had come right out of the 
blue, which wasn't Azusa's style at all.  All three factors worried Tenchi as he 
ran through the forest to a destination he didn't know where.  

	As he looked around him though, he began to slow down.  He noticed how 
nature seemed perfectly balanced with itself.  It was a peace that he had yet to 
see in a human being, everything fit together perfectly as though it were a 
great puzzle.  Every individual peace was small, but the puzzle couldn't be 
complete without that peace.  Nothing seemed more important than anything else.  
Nothing in the forest could compete in terms of sheer size to the trees, but the 
trees could never match the beauty of the flowers Tenchi saw.  Every element had 
its own unique character and that character, rather than make one part of the 
forest look better than another; they seemed to flow into one another.  It was 
like one huge masterpiece, far greater than anything in the Louve, far greater 
than anything man could ever build.  The browns of the dirt and the tree trunks 
slowly gave way to the green of the leaves and grass, and every here and there, 
just to add a little bit of flavor, were tiny flowers, highlighting the already 
existing colors by adding diversity.  These scenes were some of the few things 
that gave Tenchi peace.  To see that serenity could be accomplished seemed 
almost unreal in this world, and yet here it was, right in front of him.  It 
gave Tenchi hope that his life could be like that someday, that someday he would 
find the right woman and end the battle for his heart, find his place in the 
world, and finally settle down to leave the normal, healthy life of the average 
earthling. 
 
	Tenchi knew that his first two hopes could maybe be attained, but the last 
was impossible.  He had already been through too much, seen too many things, and 
met too many people to ever truly lead a normal life.  In order to lead the 
normal, mundane life of an earthling, a certain degree of ignorance was 
necessary.  Ignorance of the rest of the world, of the rest of the universe, so 
that whenever a little boy somewhere looked out his window, or a frustrated 
student stared blankly at an essay, or a tired businessman worked late into the 
night, or any other person in such circumstances, they could dream about the way 
things could be.  What the rest of the world must be like, what it might be like 
to live among the stars, or under the ocean, or even just away from their boring 
life there, where they were living, even if that meant just moving in next door.  
Dreaming creates desire, a desire to go to these places not just in their mind, 
but physically, to actually see all the wonders that existed, to hold their wish 
in their hand and feel it, feel freedom away from the boredom of normal life.  
But Tenchi wouldn't be like that, he had already seen many of the things they 
only dreamed about, he had held many of the same things they wished for, so 
while others only imagined, he would remember.  No, Tenchi could never hope to 
lead a normal life, but then again, he wasn't so sure he wanted one.  He 
treasured all of his memories with the girls too much to give them up in 
exchange for a false sense of conformity, for what was being normal?  Trying to 
fit in, be just like the other guy?  That was one of the few things that really 
were impossible in the vastness of the universe.  Never were there two 
completely sentient beings that thought and acted just like one another.  True, 
sometimes they could resemble each other, but differences would always be there.  
So if everyone was already different, what was the standard to being normal?    
The answer was none.  There was no set race, religion, or language for the world 
because there are always different senses of what is normal.  The only real 
sense of what is normal to a person is the individual, what is normal for that 
one person.  It varies from person to person; so only within you is the constant 
standard to go by.  That was one of the few other things that gave Tenchi peace, 
knowing that he didn't have anything to prove to anyone but himself, for in the 
end, he couldn't controlled what happened in his life, but he could always 
control how he reacted to them. 

	At that moment, Tenchi suddenly remembered why he had come all this 
way...the invitation from Azusa.  Then he realized that he wasn't sure how he 
would react to this.  The choice was his, but Tenchi was so unaware of what 
exactly was going on that he couldn't make the choice.  What was Azusa up to?  
The question constantly nagged at Tenchi's brain, pulling out every part of it 
from its state of dormancy ever since his biology test to action to try and come 
to a realistic conclusion, but there wasn't one.  All the unspoken rules of 
logic couldn't even conceive of something like this even happening, and now that 
it did, how or why it happened.  Azusa was already emperor of the most powerful 
empire in the universe and had a great deal of power himself so it didn't seem 
likely that he would want Tenchi-ken for its power.  But other than power, what 
did the sword have to offer?  The only other purpose it had ever been used for 
was to seal the cave Ryoko was trapped in, but Tenchi had freed Ryoko, so it 
couldn't be used as a key.  So what was it then?  Azusa had no desire for the 
sword...then it hit him.

	"Maybe someone else wants the sword," Tenchi thought out loud.  "Yes, 
Kagato wanted it because it could give him nearly god-like powers.  Maybe 
someone knows about the mystical powers of the sword that even grandpa and I 
don't know about and so they're the ones who want the sword.  But then, who are 
they?  And how did they convince Azusa to---no, that can't be it.  Azusa would 
never allow himself to be bossed around by anyone.  It must have been him who 
asked for it, but he has no reason to want it.  Ah man, I just don't know.  I 
really don't know." Tenchi began to scratch the back of his head as he so often 
did as a sign that he was confused and nervous.  This was one of the most 
perplexing problems he had come across so far.  Most enemies were very direct in 
what they wanted, but Azusa wasn't acting like that, but then was he really an 
enemy of Tenchi's?  Sure he didn't like him, but Tenchi didn't think Azusa would 
stoop to killing him just to be rid of him, or would he?  Soon, Tenchi began to 
receive a headache, largely from the worrying he was doing, and his brain was 
starting to get tired.  Maybe it was because his brain was exhausting itself, 
rolling over all the information time and time again, that Tenchi noticed a 
small hill covered with beautiful green grass.  The grass looked so fresh and 
soft that Tenchi felt that if he touched it and ran his fingers through it, he 
would find they would put animals fur coats to shame with its perfectly soft and 
fuzzy texture.  A part of Tenchi knew that it only looked so inviting because 
Tenchi's brain was tired and wanted sleep, but the part that did want sleep 
quickly began to overpower the part of his brain that was still aware of its 
surroundings.  Then, Tenchi remembered something that truly put his mind at 
ease, something Sasami had said to him earlier that morning, things always 
worked out in the end.  Maybe Sasami's theory was right in this instance too, 
Tenchi thought as he slowly slipped into unconsciousness.  As he was about to 
fully envelop himself in a state of slumber, however, one thought crossed his 
mind that almost destroyed his sleep for him.  What if this time, things didn't 
work out?  But that question was too little, too late to do anything to stop 
Tenchi from closing his eyes and going to sleep.  


	The meadow was so beautiful, so perfect in every way.  The grass was green 
and fresh, everywhere flowers opened up their marvelous petals to the sun, 
showing the entire world their beauty and grace.  Tenchi had had many dreams 
about nature, but nothing like this.  This was beyond anything he had ever seen 
anywhere...this was paradise.  Tenchi even thought as he looked with sheer awe 
at the beauty of the flowers all around him that this meadow could rival the 
Garden of Eden for the title of perfect.  Nothing was out of place; it was 
though all the warm and lovely things Tenchi had ever dreamed were all compiled 
here.  Here, in this place of ultimate peace, of warm and bright sunshine, and 
unparalleled beauty.  Tenchi's heart almost felt like singing out to the whole 
world to come to this place, that all may know how it felt and what it looked 
like.  He at first thought he was alone, but then noticed a small girl on the 
other side of the meadow, right beneath the sun.  Tenchi smiled as he saw the 
girl, silhouetted against the sun, playing with flowers of all different types, 
rolling across the meadow, and even playing with some animals that came through.  
It seemed as though the entire meadow was devoted to this one little girl.

	Tenchi was curious to know who the little girl was, and how she got here, 
so he began to walk over to her.  When he was a few feet away, he stepped on a 
tiny twig, and the girl turned around.  Tenchi didn't recognize the girl, but he 
still felt a strange bond between them, as though he had known her all his life.  
Her big, round eyes were sparkling with innocence and child-like charm.  She was 
so sweet that Tenchi couldn't take his eyes off her; she was like the perfect 
little girl.  Just as the meadow was perfect, so was its master.

	"Hi, little girl!" Tenchi greeted himself almost with anticipation to be 
able to talk to this perfect child.  "My name's Tenchi, what's yours?"

	"I'm not supposed to tell my name to strangers," the child replied, as she 
lowered her head and put her finger over her lower lip, as if in disappointment 
that she couldn't speak to Tenchi.

	"Oh, I understand.  So what are you doing here?"

	"I live here.  This has been my home ever since the sun rose.  After the 
sun rose, the flowers started to grow, then the animals came, and the sun kept 
things nice and warm for me all the time."

	"That's pretty cool."

	Suddenly, Tenchi felt a slight chill run through the air.  At first he 
would have hardly noticed it, but then he felt it grow stronger and stronger, 
until it began to give him a freezing feeling, but it not only froze his body, 
but it was though it penetrated his soul and brought him pain on levels he had 
never felt before.  When the wind started to pick up, the girl ran up to the top 
of a hill, a hill that Tenchi could've sworn wasn't there a minute ago, and she 
ran up to the top where she would be closer to the warmth of the sun.  Tenchi 
tried to follow her, but found the slope was far too steep for him climb, and he 
was forced to stay at the foot of the hill.  Then, Tenchi looked forward and saw 
what he considered to be the gateway of evil itself.  It was a huge, black fog 
that was slowly making its way towards him and the tiny girl.  The wind began to 
pick up even more as the mist came closer and closer.  Tenchi could see what the 
fog was doing to everything it went over, it was as though it were a great 
vampire, draining out any trace of life in everything it came to eve within a 
few feet of.  Animals, plants, they all died when the fog came close to them.  
Within a few moments, the once beautiful and serene meadow was reduced to a 
place of carnage and darkness.  Nothing could survive the terrible onslaught of 
the dark cloud and that made Tenchi remember the tiny child.  Where was she?  
Was she okay?  His heart raced as he frantically darted his head across the 
meadow to see if she was there, then he remembered she was on top of the hill.  
In the presence of the ominous fog, he had completely forgotten about the hill.  
	
	As he raised his eyes skyward, he was at first relieve that the girl was 
safe, but further distraught when he saw the look on the girl's face.  It was a 
face filled with tears that were constantly streaming down her face.  She was 
crying out, trying to make herself heard over the now roaring winds.  She seemed 
to try and reach out for the sun, and the sun's light continued to grow brighter 
around her, but even the sun couldn't stop the mist from engulfing the hill.  
Tenchi ran up to try and save the girl, to run away, but to where?  As Tenchi 
looked out from on top of the hill, he saw nothing but darkness, the meadow was 
gone...paradise was lost.  Still both the girl and the sun seemed to be 
frantically trying to reach one another, to hold on to the last drop of 
paradise.  But it was too late, the cloud created a spinning vortex that began 
to suck in all that was left, including the girl.  She screamed out of pure 
terror as the void drew her in to the dark abyss.  Fresh tears flooded her face 
as she continued to scream and reach out her tiny hands.  

	Tenchi tried to grab hold of her, but a force he couldn't see held him 
back.  The most unusual part was that it felt as though the power didn't come 
from the evil mist as Tenchi had first thought, it seemed like the power came 
from within.  Something told him not to grab her hands and rescue her, something 
he couldn't describe.  He knew that he should have saved her, but that force 
kept him back.  Tenchi screamed out in anguish as well, trying to overwhelm the 
power, but it was no use, it was too strong for Tenchi.  He could do nothing to 
save the girl from her fate inside the cloud.  But then Tenchi noticed something 
he hadn't before in his rush to save the girl, the light from the sun was 
shining brighter than ever and it was directly on the girl, almost drawing her 
closer to it.  The two forces, the void and the sun were each pulling on the 
tiny girl and were releasing an enormous amount of power in doing so.  What 
remained of the meadow was being ripped apart by the two competing powers, the 
ground, the rocks, and the carcasses of the plants and animals were being 
disintegrated as though they had never existed.  It was as though everything was 
being not just destroyed, but erased from existence, the only things left were 
the sun, the girl, and the dark mist.  Although both the mist and the sun were 
powerful, Tenchi noticed that the sun didn't have the power to hold on to the 
girl forever.  No matter how hard it pulled, the blackness was winning the great 
tug-of-war.  Finally, it became too much for the sun, and the girl was inside 
the vortex, but still the sun's light continued to shine, still trying to 
release the girl from her cage.  By now it was obvious the sun's rays stood no 
chance against the darkness, but it continued to shine on the girl, even after 
the cloud closed up with her locked inside of it.  

	Upon seeing the girl swallowed up by the cloud, Tenchi's entire body began 
to convulse with terror and anger.  He let out a blood-curdling battle cry, 
something his peaceful nature normally wouldn't allow for, and he jumped into 
the cloud.  Inside was nothing...nothing by darkness.  At least, that's what 
Tenchi thought he saw, but after a few seconds of being in the dark, Tenchi 
began to see things.  

	He saw tiny children with their throats cut, their tiny eyes still having 
the tiny sparkle of innocence, even though their life had left them long ago.  
He saw people hacked into pieces, screaming as the instrument of their 
destruction, whether it was a sword, an ax, or anything else, was brought down 
upon their beaten and wretched bodies once again.  Then Tenchi saw hundreds upon 
hundreds bodies lying helplessly on pikes, baking in the blood-red sun, and 
scavengers coming to feast upon the corpses.  Tenchi screamed out in disgust and 
out of horror as he realized he wasn't just seeing these things, he could smell 
the rotting stench of death.  It hung so heavy in the air that he could almost 
feel it with his tongue.  He could hear the screams of the innocent as they were 
butchered without mercy, the echoes of the dead reverberating from every 
direction, never ceasing.  He even thought he could feel himself wallowing in 
their blood and their body parts, and when Tenchi looked down and found out he 
was; he vomited.  The death surrounded him, and it was beginning to pierce down 
into his soul, creating something dark within it as everything began to destroy 
something in it.  At first Tenchi couldn't determine what it was that was slowly 
slipping away from him as he played witness to all the monstrosities around him, 
but then he realized what it was...hope.  Hope was being ripped from him as he 
saw the terror, the inhumanity, and the disgusting world before him.  

	"STOP IT!!!  STOP SHOWING ME THESE THINGS!!!" Tenchi screamed in anguish, 
but the visions didn't stop, they merely continued their parade of vicious 
slaughter.  Finally, Tenchi cracked...he couldn't take it anymore.  He screamed 
out, nothing understandable, but at the same time it was perfectly clear what he 
meant to say.  It was a cry of desperation, he had been pushed past the brink of 
pain and suffering the human soul could endure, and he was being pushed again.  
The scream was his last chance to push back, to make the pain stop.  But nothing 
Tenchi could do could stop the visions, nothing could stop the pain...nothing.  
Tenchi lost all hold of rational thought and crouched down into the one spot his 
body still knew was safe and warm, the fetal position.  But even though he 
buried his head in his arms, he was still bombarded with the terrible screams, 
the sound of hacking metal against flesh, the rushing blood, the satisfied 
cackle of a crow as it ripped a tiny bit of flesh from a corpse.  Tenchi began 
to cry uncontrollably, there was nothing else he could do.

	Then Tenchi caught something out of the corner of his tear-laden eye; it 
was still bright, not like the scenes of carnage around him.  This was still 
beautiful, he could tell, he didn't know how, but he could tell.  He looked up 
and saw, were it not for the black walls of his prison, a blinding light through 
the dark clouds.  It was the sun, still trying to penetrate the darkness, still 
trying to reach the girl.  The girl!  Where was she?  

	"Oh please, whoever's up there, don't let her see these things!  
Please!!!" Tenchi begged as he got out of his tiny shell of arms and legs and 
kneeled and clasped his hands together as though he were praying.  Tears 
streamed down Tenchi's face as he pleaded for the little girl not to see this, 
but somehow Tenchi knew that she was seeing everything...and more.  Tenchi could 
still see with his peripheral vision that the sun was still trying to break 
through the darkness, but now its light was starting to grow dim.  It laid siege 
to the blackness with its light, now brighter than anything Tenchi could fathom.   
Even behind the darkness of the clouds, it was near blinding.  Tenchi tried to 
cover his eyes form the glory of the light, and soon he began to receive a tiny 
bit of hope back.  The sun was about to break through, it would save the little 
girl and then Tenchi would know that she was safe.  But as quickly as the sun's 
light had first pierced the darkness over Tenchi, the darkness regained strength 
and sealed up the hole the light had made.  Tenchi's heart began to sink as he 
found himself slipping into darkness once again, once again into the abyss of 
death and destruction.  Then Tenchi saw something, a light, but not a warm or 
comforting light as the sun had been.  This one was cold...just cold.  It did 
almost nothing to light the area; it was a kind of dark blue and released just 
enough light for Tenchi to see it clearly.  There was nothing healing about it 
though, but at the same time, there was nothing dark about it.  It was just 
there, nothing more and nothing less.  However, that quickly changed as the 
light changed in an instant to a fiery, blood red and it quickly brought back 
the scenes of death Tenchi had hoped were gone.  Only now, the images were 
increased in number and in horridness ten fold.  Tenchi saw entire villages of 
people screaming to get away from something, and then being burnt to skeletons 
by a blinding light that consumed everything in its path. 

	He saw a dark and towering figure staring at a terrified woman.  Tenchi 
could hear everything she said, and it made him feel worse than anything he had 
felt before.

	"No please!!!  Good God, please spare my baby!!!" the woman screamed 
frantically as she tried to reach out for her tiny baby, which was apparently 
being held by the figure.  Then Tenchi heard a crack, as though it were bones, 
and saw blood trickle down in front of the woman.  She let out a scream of 
ultimate suffering as she burst out into tears.  The figure tossed a bloody heap 
of what appeared to have been a tiny human, and Tenchi could only stare in 
horror as the woman clutched the heap to her and wailed endlessly.  Then, he saw 
something being raised in the sky, and saw something come crashing down upon the 
woman.  Then, it was over, all of her crying stopped, but Tenchi could still 
hear the echoes of her suffering, and it was slowly driving him mad.  Tenchi 
collapsed to the ground and began to cry without restraint once again.  He could 
simply not understand how anyone or anything could do something so barbaric.  
How could he do that to a baby?  How could he torture the mother like that?  And 
then how could he show no compassion or remorse over what he had done?  Tenchi 
slowly tilted his head back up at the figure, and saw that it was still standing 
there.  It hadn't moved since it had killed the woman with a swipe of its sword.  
Even its blade was still where it had come crashing down.  Was Tenchi wrong?  
Was the figure considering what it had just done?  Did it feel guilt?  Tenchi 
began to feel almost good again, despite the revolting scene of murder before 
him as he began to feel hope again that the murderer could feel.  That it knew 
what it did was wrong and it was feeling guilt.  Tenchi's thoughts were soon 
destroyed when he saw the figure, in an instant; snap the blade into some kind 
of scabbard on its back Tenchi hadn't noticed before.  It hadn't cared one bit, 
but then why had it hesitated?  The figure gradually turned around and Tenchi 
saw something in the palm of its hand.  It was grasping it very tightly, but not 
tight in the sense that it wanted to destroy it, but rather that it wanted to 
protect it.  

	Tenchi couldn't quite tell what it was, because before he saw, he was 
whisked back to where he had started...pure darkness.  Only now, there was 
something else with him.  A dark presence that filled Tenchi's heart with fear 
like nothing he had ever known.  This time there was no waiting; he saw it 
almost immediately.  It looked like a man, in the sense that it stood on two 
legs, had hands and one head, but besides that it looked almost supernatural.  
It had what looked like a huge headdress on its head, with horns and spikes 
sticking out of the back of his head and shooting straight out, and six large 
horns, three on each side, protruding from the other spikes to the side.  Below, 
on its torso, Tenchi noticed something even stranger.   Tiny entrails came out 
of the creature's sides, with a large one, (Tenchi assumed was a tail) coming 
out from the somewhere on the creature's backside.  It also appeared to not 
stand flat on its feet, but rather on the balls of its feet and then have a long 
dewclaw to provide balance.  Normally, if Tenchi had seen a creature as strange 
as this one, he would have been simply amazed by it, but now all he could feel 
was terror. There was something not right about the creature, as though it 
weren't natural.  It didn't belong here, it shouldn't be here, it shouldn't be 
anywhere.  Somehow, Tenchi knew that this was the cause of the darkness.  This 
creature was the master of this realm.  Tenchi didn't know how he knew it, but 
somehow he did.

	"You can't save them, Masaki.  Both are dead," the creature stated 
bluntly.  Its voice was like a whip of ice that snapped directly onto Tenchi's 
heart.  There was nothing but darkness in that voice.   No compassion, no any 
kind of emotion other than hate, fury, and a sick kind of pleasure behind it.

	"What are you talking about?" Tenchi asked.

	"You will know in time, about whom I speak.  Both of their souls are 
damned, and soon, you will join them in this world...in eternal despair." Tenchi 
reeled back in fear as the monster issued his threat.  Tenchi didn't know 
whether this creature was omnipotent or not so he wasn't sure if his words were 
the future, or if they were just a warning.  It didn't matter though; just the 
thought of staying in a state like this place for all eternity was terrifying 
enough.  "Treasure you're few remaining moments of freedom, for soon I will come 
to take it from you.  We will meet again, Tenchi Masaki."

	With that, Tenchi woke up.  There was no fade or zoom out of the dark 
prison, just one instant he was standing before the beast, and one he was back 
in good old Japan.  He found himself sitting up in the forest, as though nothing 
had happened.  But something had happened.  That couldn't have been just a 
dream...no, the girl, the meadow, they were all so perfect, they couldn't have 
been just in his imagination.  Then there was the darkness and the things he 
saw, even now they still made him quiver with fear.  Then there was the man who 
killed the baby and its mother, and the creature; they were all too real to have 
been just a dream.  Maybe Tenchi had seen them in a dream, but they were real.  
He knew it.  He wished that they weren't, he prayed that the man and the beast 
weren't real, but every part of his mind and soul told him they were real.  They 
were both out there...somewhere.

	Still a bit dazed from his dream, Tenchi struggled to stand on his feet, 
but found that not only his mind, but also his body had been shaken up by the 
dream.  His legs wobbled like tops underneath his weight and he came crashing to 
the ground.  Tenchi then heard giggling from behind him, he assumed because of 
his fall.

	"It isn't funny, Ryoko!" Tenchi shouted with a kind of anger and 
frustration that even he wasn't expecting.  It caught Ryoko completely off 
guard.  When Tenchi turned around to look at her, she was just standing there, 
leaning against a tree, with a stunned look on her face.  She had no idea how to 
react to Tenchi at that moment; he had never exploded like that over something 
so small.  

	"I'm sorry, Tenchi.  I--I--I didn't mean to--" Ryoko trailed off as she 
searched for the right words to console her apology to Tenchi.  

	"No, I'm sorry Ryoko, I shouldn't have yelled at you like that.  Its just, 
I've been having a bad day and I took it out on you." Tenchi sat up and leaned 
against the tiny mound that had been his pillow a few moments ago and looked 
down at the ground.  He truly was sorry for yelling at Ryoko, she couldn't have 
known what had just happened to him.  It was in her nature to laugh at most 
things that happened in life.  This sometimes annoyed Tenchi, but at the same 
time it made him almost admire the space pirate.  Her ability to make light out 
of any situation allowed her to maintain her personality no matter what 
happened.  Tenchi sometimes wished he had that power, the power to simply sit 
back sometimes and just laugh at the world as it went on its way.  

	Ryoko did laugh at many things and at many times that most would consider 
inappropriate, but she wasn't devoid of compassion either, as she sat down next 
to Tenchi.  This time, she wasn't hanging on his neck or pawing across his body, 
she simply sat down next to him and looked at him with concern.  Of coarse she 
felt a slight twinge of pain and even resentment towards Tenchi for yelling at 
her, but Tenchi's pain was obviously a lot greater than her own.  That was one 
of the few things Ryoko couldn't bear to witness, Tenchi in pain.  Tenchi meant 
everything to her; his importance to her was beyond everything else.  Throughout 
her entire life there had been some great void in her soul, something missing in 
her life.  Tenchi was the one and only being who could fill that void as though 
he was the missing part to Ryoko.  She didn't know quite how to deal with it, 
but at times the proper response to Tenchi's emotions just came naturally; this 
was one of those.

	"Is something wrong Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.

	"Well, school sucked today.  We had nothing but lectures in all my classes 
except biology.  We had a test in there that I probably flunked.  I got the bill 
from that cable incident this morning." Tenchi used this moment to grin almost 
sarcastically at Ryoko, causing her to blush and turn her head for a slight 
instant while she tried to control her composure from breaking out into a smile.  
	
	"Then I came home and Izake and Kamidake came back from Jurai with an 
invitation from Azusa to fight in the Braato.  What was really weird about it 
though was he asked me to bring along the Tenchi-ken specifically.  It kind of 
worried me; I mean why would he ask for the sword?  Then I ran out here and fell 
asleep, and I had the worst nightmare of my entire life."  Tenchi turned to look 
at Ryoko again, and saw that she was listening intently, as though hanging on 
his every word.  However, this time Tenchi could tell Ryoko wasn't playing any 
silly games of seduction with him, this time she actually looked concerned for 
his well being.  Times like this made Tenchi glad he knew Ryoko because no 
matter how obnoxious she became at times, he knew that she was always at least a 
very deep friend...if not more.  

	"What happened in the nightmare?"

	Tenchi thought to himself on how to best describe the terror he had seen, 
but realized that no words he could think of could fully represent the evil that 
had played out in front of his eyes, but he tried anyway.  "It was like looking 
into Hell.  I saw people being murdered--no butchered right in front of my eyes.  
I saw carnage, death, destruction; it was like all the evil things that had ever 
happened in the universe were thrown into my dream.  Then I saw a big guy in 
black murder a baby in front of its mother and then kill her too.  I--I--I nev--
er saw anything li--li--li--" Tenchi began to trail off as the same tears of 
disgust and fear filled his eyes again and began to run down his cheek.  Ryoko 
made no wisecracks about Tenchi's sudden tears.  She knew exactly why he was 
doing this and could sympathize with him out of experience.  She too, had seen 
the same kinds of things Tenchi was describing; only she had actually been 
there.  She didn't have the advantage of waking up afterwards and realizing it 
was just a dream, or of seeing someone else commit the atrocity.  She actually 
lived Tenchi's nightmare, and more than that, she was the one butchering all the 
innocent Tenchi saw.  She was the cause of all the violence Tenchi saw.  
Everything he was describing she had done in the past.  She could feel her own 
eyes becoming more and more moistened by the tears starting to fill up inside of 
her.  She tried to contain them, she didn't want to show weakness to Tenchi, 
especially when it was him who needed consoling and shouldn't have to worry 
about her too, but one tear managed to break past her barrier.  One tear 
streamed down the all-too-familiar coarse down Ryoko's cheek that thousands of 
others had done before it.  It reflected the rays of the sun as it slowly 
trudged down her face.  Ryoko tried to wipe away the tear, but before she could, 
the rays from the sun penetrated the tiny droplet and refracted the light to 
Tenchi.  

The sight of Ryoko's own tear startled Tenchi.  It was a rare event when Ryoko 
actually cried, when she shed a real tear.  Tenchi knew immediately that it was 
because of his nightmare.  It had reminded her of the time when she was under 
Kagato's control and was forced to do his bidding, which involved ruining and 
killing innocent lives.  Tenchi knew that it drove Ryoko almost to the point of 
insanity, and he had just made her remember it.  He could have kicked himself 
right there, but knew that that wouldn't help Ryoko or him feel any better.  He 
could think of only one thing.  He stretched out his hand and touched Ryoko's 
hand as she tried to wipe away her tears and gave it a slight squeeze.  

"Ryoko, I'm sorry," Tenchi began, still holding his hand up to Ryoko's.  "I was 
so wrapped up in my own pain that I forgot about what happened to you.  Please 
forgive me."

Ryoko just stared at Tenchi's eyes and wondered why Tenchi felt sorry.  He had 
done nothing wrong, it was Ryoko's fault for allowing her emotions to get the 
better of her when she should have been helping Tenchi.  Now she was the one 
being comforted.  Why couldn't she be the strong one who helped others?  Why was 
she always the timid and weak one who needed to have her hand held every step of 
the way?  A person like her didn't deserve that kind of help.  Oh sure, she was 
under Kagato's control when she did all those things, but the choice was still 
hers.  She could have stopped listening to Kagato, but she didn't.  It had to be 
because a part of her enjoyed it.  Enjoyed the massacres and the devastation.  
It wished to do those things again, and maybe it wasn't just a part of her 
either.  After all, talk to anyone in the universe and they'd say that she 
deserved to die and go to Hell.  There was no one in the universe that cared 
about her besides the members of Tenchi's house, and they had only known her for 
a few years, what if they're judgment about her was wrong?  What if she really 
was the creature the rest of the universe called her?  A monster.  She didn't 
deserve a person like Tenchi, one so innocent and so noble; she would only 
contaminate his goodness with the evil within her.  Regardless, she began to 
replace the one tear she wiped away with fresh ones, and she felt her entire 
body give out on her as she collapsed into Tenchi's embrace.  She knew she 
didn't belong anywhere near him, but she couldn't help herself.  Here, up 
against Tenchi was where she felt a kind of warmth she had wished for her entire 
life, the warmth of someone who seemed to care about her.  Sometimes, she 
dreamed that she had felt that warmth before, but that's all it was, just a 
dream.  This was real though, and it was the best possible feeling she could 
imagine.  

"No Tenchi, don't feel sorry.  You didn't do anything wrong." Ryoko was now 
regaining her composure and sat upright again, although her hands still rested 
on top of Tenchi's, those she could not move no matter how much she wanted to.  
"This was my fault, I turned your problem around and made it about me."

"No Ryoko," Tenchi responded, causing Ryoko's eyes to widen with curiosity.  
"This whole Kagato thing is bothering you, you shouldn't hold it in like this.  
It's going to destroy you some day."

"Maybe.  But there's nothing I can do about it right now.  You see Tenchi, even 
you can't relate to me about all the things that happened to me.  There's no one 
I can talk to who can understand me.  Someone who's gone through all the same 
things I did and understands me well enough to talk about them with me.  That 
person doesn't exist Tenchi, and he never will." Ryoko began to quiver again, 
this time out of despair.  It hurt to say those things, but Ryoko knew they were 
the truth.  Until she could find somebody like that, she could never talk to 
anyone about Kagato.  Tenchi cared for her and he had seen images like that too, 
but he had never lived through them, and more importantly, he had never done any 
of them.  He wouldn't even be able to comprehend the guilt that kept her spirit 
grounded, no one ever could.  "Tenchi, I really don't want to discuss this 
again.  Let's just go back to the house, okay?"

Tenchi didn't feel right about it.  He could sense it just by being around her.  
Ryoko was still shaken up by what had just happened, and they had solved 
absolutely nothing, other than perhaps make both of them feel worse.  Tenchi now 
felt guilty for hurting Ryoko, and Ryoko felt bad for remembering her days under 
Kagato.  It was a no-win situation.  At the same time though, Tenchi knew that 
if they proceeded with this discussion, it would only result in more tears and 
not resolve anything.  He realized that no matter how much he wished he could 
understand Ryoko's pain, he couldn't.  It was impossible for his mind to grasp 
exactly what she had, and still was going through.  No matter how much he may 
have wished that they could have stayed together and tried to talk these issues 
out, he knew that it was pointless.  

"All right Ryoko, let's go back.  And I promise, I'll try to never bring this up 
again."

"Tenchi..." She knew that's what she had asked for, to never talk about it 
again, but when she heard Tenchi say it, it began to depress her again.  Tenchi 
was the only person whom she felt she could really get close to because only he 
had been able to see past her exterior and see her true colors within.  Washu 
had tried to do that, and Ryoko couldn't blame her, but no matter how hard both 
of them tried, they would never be able to truly bond.  Washu had missed out on 
most of her life and now that Ryoko was nearly fully grown with a mind and 
personality of her own, she came back and tried to be a parent to her.  But the 
warmth just wasn't there.  Perhaps Washu and Ryoko would one day feel the warmth 
of a mother-daughter love, but not now, and now always seemed to be when she 
needed someone like a mother the most.  It was like she was an orphan, even with 
her mother living in the same house.  Only Tenchi could reach out to her, but he 
couldn't understand and never would.  So if she couldn't talk to Tenchi, then 
whom could she talk to?  Who else could possibly care for her that deeply and 
still understand the terrible things she had seen and done?  Nobody...nobody... 
"Let's go home." 


Yamoto appeared happier than usual as he turned away from his viewing console 
inside the mighty space cruiser, courtesy of his comrade Musashi's latest slave, 
King Azusa of Jurai.  Lord Daishi had thought he was going to earth, and in a 
way, that was correct.  Yamoto had made his presence known on earth, but he had 
never even gone to earth's star system.  By using his own power in conjunction 
with the Jurai power within the vessel, he found he could use his powers to 
great distances and send the boy a dream prepared for by Lord Daishi.  The dream 
was a brilliantly crafted one, one that Yamoto had seen before.  It showed tiny 
glimpses into the Realm of Hell, always the perfect way to cause a mortal to 
grow disgusted and off guard, and after that was achieved, one could move in and 
begin to manipulate their thoughts.  Yamoto was unsure exactly what his master 
had done to the boy after he sent him the dream, nor was he especially 
concerned.  It brought him pleasure just knowing that out there on earth, 
someone new was suffering.  Someone new was experiencing pain and terror that 
Yamoto found so deliciously grand.  It was as though he could taste the fear of 
his victims, feel their pain, see the horror in their eyes.  That was power, he 
concluded, to induce fear and emotional and mental pain.  Once that level of 
terror and anguish had been achieved, the pitiful soul was ripe for the 
controlling.  No one would oppose anyone who could cause that much pain for fear 
of experiencing it again.  It was different from physical pain such as a mortal 
tyrant might try and do, because the mind and spirit were stronger than the 
body, and thus it was possible to resist physical pain.  But if the mind and 
spirit were knocked out, then the entire mortal was helpless and could become a 
slab of clay fit for the molding to the whims of the forces of darkness.  

This boy was different, however.  Lord Daishi didn't want to control this one, 
he wanted this one dead.  He only wanted him for his sword.  Yamoto had thought 
of this many times before and was still very confused by it all.  He couldn't 
understand why Daishi would want the sword when he could just as easily take the 
boy's soul.  After all, souls had always been more important, hadn't they?  
Yamoto sensed that there was something going on beyond just another operation to 
seduce more mortals to darkness.  Perhaps, Yamoto thought and hoped, it is time.  
Perhaps it is time for us to take what is rightfully ours.

"I like your line of thought, Yamoto.  And yes, it is time," Lord Daishi said 
from his invisible plane, using his telepathic powers to read the thoughts of 
his servant.

"My lord, forgive me.  My mind was wandering and I did not feel your presence," 
Yamoto pleaded as he removed his mace and kneeled before the invisible being.

"Arise, my Dread Knight.  I am not concerned with petty matters such as that at 
the moment, right now I am more concerned with larger operations."

"The boy?"

"Not just the boy, he means nothing to me.  But that sword means a great deal."

"Why is that?"

Silence filled the room and it seemed to increase the temperature as Yamoto 
became increasingly worried that he may have overstepped his boundaries and 
would have to suffer the wrath of Daishi.

"That sword was used as a key to contain a demon for many years.  Once I have 
it, I will be able to rebuild it into a new key for the Gate and unleash the 
dark forces within."

"I don't understand my lord, are there not other relics which have been used for 
similar purposes?  Why this one?"

"That I cannot say, just know that it must be this one.  You did remind Azusa to 
specifically ask for the sword, correct?"

"Yes I did, my lord.  However, it seems to have made the boy rather uneasy.  He 
will be cautious and expecting a trap upon arriving on Jurai, it could interfere 
with your plans."

"Don't be ridiculous Yamoto.  We will allow him to live peacefully for a few 
days, and then we will strike when his confidence has been restored.  There is 
no better time to strike than the calm after the storm.  Then is when they least 
expect another tempest.  I thought you had at least learned that in Hell."
Yamoto shivered at the name of that place.  It made his blood boil every time he 
heard it, knowing that should he fail, he would be returned to the depths of 
that place, and this time, for all eternity.  He had spent what seemed to him to 
have been eons in there suffering, as he didn't believe anyone could suffer, 
along with his partner, Musashi.  Then Daishi pulled them from the flames and 
took them back to the Mortal Realm, this time with more powerful bodies and 
weapons, and new names.  Before dying and being damned, the two were great 
assassins, feared and respected throughout the universe.  But then they were 
finally killed on a routine mission by a large bomb that a soldier had set off.  
Now they were Yamoto and Musashi, the Dread Knights of Lord Daishi, General of 
the dark forces inside the Mortal Realm.  They were the right-hand men of Lord 
Daishi, doing whatever he pleased whether it was assassinations, demolition, 
mind control, torture, or just plain genocide...they were always eager to 
comply.  There had been someone before them, a loner, and supposedly an 
extremely terrific warrior, but he apparently died on one of his missions and 
was sent to the fiery pit.  

"You're thinking about the Great Beast.  What have I told you about that?" 
Daishi asked, now apparently getting irritated.  Yamoto began to become 
frightened, he had forgotten about his master's super powerful telepathic 
abilities and what was to happen to those who even so much as thought about the 
Great Beast.

"Never to even think about it, I know my lord.  Forgive me, it was but a lapse 
and it will not happen again."

"See that it doesn't.  For if it does, I'll have to keep you in there longer."

Yamoto's black heart skipped a beat.  Daishi couldn't mean it; he wasn't going 
to put him back in the chamber again.  He couldn't!  Suddenly, Yamoto felt as 
though he had been lifted up by his feet and then dunked into molten lava.  The 
lava ate away at his flesh and Yamoto could feel it disintegrating off of his 
bones.  It was pain unlike anything that could ever be imagined, even by those 
who had been there before.  Yamoto tried to escape the pool, but no matter how 
hard he fought, he couldn't escape, he was drowning and burning all at the same 
time but somehow he was still alive.  He could just barely see the top of the 
pool, but he couldn't reach it.  He was so close to freedom, so close, and yet 
so far.  If only he could just go closer, just a little closer...but no.  Yamoto 
suddenly found himself being pulled even further under into even more blinding 
hot liquid.  The pain was growing exponentially and Yamoto couldn't even scream 
out.  Everything around him just brought further pain, there was no hope of 
escape...no hope...no hope.  Then Yamoto looked around him and saw that he was 
still in the Juraian cruiser just as he had been before.  He remembered what had 
just happened to him and vowed to never be made to repeat that ordeal again.

"Forgive me, Lord Daishi.  I have learned my lesson, and I will now go to aid 
Musashi with his duties." Yamoto then turned around sharply and hovered towards 
the main bridge, where Musashi was making the necessary arrangements for their 
visit to the Humdar Festival.  If one could have seen him, they would never know 
what had just happened to him, for he hovered on in the same matter he always 
did.  His cloak was still smooth and black; it was as though he hadn't changed 
at all though he had just been dipped in lava.  To Yamoto, that was not out of 
the ordinary, to suffer in the Fire Pit like that.  It hurt more than anything 
comprehensible to even him, but he knew the alternative.  He knew that one 
second in there was like eternity in the Fire Pit.  He vowed that not only would 
he never go back there, but that he would send all those who had put him there 
to suffer the same fate that he did.  

Daishi, sensing his minion's thoughts about his vow, cackled to himself wildly.


The vodka created a slight burning sensation in his throat as the hooded man 
gulped the entire shot down in one gulp.  Sure, it did a lot to warm his throat 
and to give him a slight buzz, but it was never enough to wash away the pain.  
Nothing could ever wash it away; there was nothing to wash.  It was as though 
someone had shot an artillery slug straight through his heart and all that was 
left were tiny fragments of his former self.  Soon, without the rest of him, the 
parts that remained were swept up in the wind of his life.  Now there was 
nothing left, nothing except for his body.  He was physically alive, certainly, 
but that was it.  He was nothing but alive, he had no aspirations, no desires, 
no fears...only the pain, only the loss.  That was all that had consumed his 
thoughts for thousands of years, and he knew that that would be the only thing 
that would consume his thoughts for all eternity.  This was his 
punishment...this was his Hell.  He didn't have to die to know what if felt 
like.  There were no flames in Hell, rather there was coldness, just as Dante 
had described the final levels of Hell as a huge lake of ice with the sinners 
trapped within, unable to move, breath, or escape.  Such was his fate hear in 
reality.  He was always cold even when he wasn't; there was always a huge sheet 
of ice blocking him off from the rest of existence.  It was impossible to melt, 
the only thing that could was gone, and it was never coming back.  He had 
accepted that a long time ago, but every time he realized it once again it 
brought the old pains to the surface once again even stronger than the day they 
had first began.  His life was nothing more than a never-ending cycle of further 
pain and disappointment, of crushed dreams and battered emotions, of dead hope.  
With hope died every part of him that could've once been called human.  Now it 
was either gone all together, or mutilated into something unrecognizable, 
something dark and hideous.  Yet he didn't care, why should he?  If he wasn't 
human, then why should he care what humans thought about him?  He was abandoned, 
lost in a big universe that still had no room for sympathy.  It was the evils of 
this place that had brought him to this.  But that didn't matter to him, what 
happened to him was irrelevant.  Only one thing mattered, but that was gone, and 
with it, his purpose for living.  Such was the price one paid for having 
"intelligence," one received emotions, and emotions, when treated improperly, 
can destroy every thing, just as they had him.  Nothing mattered 
anymore...nothing...nothing.

The bartender just stared at the hooded man.  He had come in and sat at the 
exact same place the day before.  That day five mercenaries had come in, 
apparently looking to cause some trouble.  They had found it when they tried to 
steal something from the hooded man.  In a matter of seconds, he had killed all 
five of them with his bare hands and then just walked out.  He had never spoken 
a word, never even uttered a sound.  When he had come in, he didn't order a 
drink; he just sat there in a solemn state.  He didn't move until those 
mercenaries picked him up and started punching him, but even then he didn't move 
an inch on his own accord.  It wasn't until that one with the cybernetic eye had 
tried to grab that thing form him that he reacted.  It was like he was in his 
own universe, completely oblivious to what was going on around him.  The 
bartender had seen many cases of people who were driven to the edge, but the 
hooded man was far stranger than any of them had ever been.  He seemed to have 
gone beyond the edge.  He had plummeted down the cliff and he was still falling.  
He wondered if anybody could ever pick him up again.  That was why he had given 
him the free shot of vodka, in the hopes that maybe that could provide something 
for him, some kind of comfort.  However, it didn't appear to work at all.  The 
hooded man just sat there, solemn as ever.

"Hey, uuummmm.  You know, I just wanna say, thank ya for taking care of those 
mercenaries the other day," the bartender said, nervously.  He was afraid of 
offending the powerhouse that sat before him, but at the same time his 
compassion forbid him to not take action to try and help him.  The bartender's 
efforts were mot rewarded just as the day before, for the hooded man just sat 
there in silence.  "I mean, I hate to think of what those guys mighta' done if 
you hadn't stepped in." The hooded man didn't answer the bartender.  He never 
responded to anyone.  The pain had sealed his mouth shut to all those who would 
try and help him.  He knew that only he could help himself, but that he lacked 
the strength to do that.  Those who tried to help were nothing but roadblocks, 
unnecessary complications that had to be dealt with.  No one could help him 
because he could no longer talk to anyone; he no longer had anything in common 
with anybody else.  In his heart was emptiness and being the ignorant creatures 
mortals were, they naturally assumed that those they spoke to had something in 
their souls, making conversation between one such as him and one of them 
impossible.  No one could understand.  No one ever would.  


*All right, so you read the second part of my series, thanks!  Tell me what you 
thought of it even if you think this is the biggest load of shit you've ever 
seen.  More importantly, tell me what I can do to make the next one better, if 
you think you need to tell me that.  Hopefully, I'll be able to stop using my 
mom's e-mail address soon and get my own again (so if any of you were wondering 
about the weird e-mail, there's your answer), and when that happens I'll try and 
tell you guys as soon as possible.  I'm already working on the third part so get 
those constructive criticisms in fast.  Thanks!
*Okay, basic legal stuff.  I don't own any of the characters that have even 
appeared in any of the Tenchi characters, they're all owned by some other 
company whose name I can't remember.  Just know that they aren't mine.  As for 
the other characters like Daishi, Yamoto and Musashi, the hooded man, and any 
other character not already associated with Tenchi are mine so any resemblance 
between them and any other character is purely coincidental.  Furthermore, I 
just realized something else I may have violated.  The name "Humdar" I think may 
have come from the movie "The Mummy", if it did, that was an accident.  I'm 
sorry, I just thought it sounded cool and I was too lazy to think of anything 
else, so please don't sue me for that or anything else.  Thanks!



