Sleep Well, Sakuya
By KawaiiMae

Notes: This is my FIRST Tenchi Muyo fanfic (let alone Tenchi in 
Tokyo), and I'm trying to capture the essence of the Tenchi + 
Sakuya relationship. Sasami, Washuu, Aeka, Ryoko, Ryo-Oh-Ki, and 
even a self-insertion make appearances, and don't mind that I have 
a weird name in Japanese. Just don't mind it. Thanks.

This story takes place in episode 25 of Tenchi in Tokyo.if you 
didn't watch it, don't read this. It's an extended version of 
it.if Tenchi had stayed with his love, and she didn't go away, 
what would happen? If you did watch the episode, this is in the 
cherry blossoms, if you know what I mean.

Disclaimer: Tenchi isn't mine.  'Nuff said.
~~~~~~~~~~~
Tenchi held Sakuya close, with him behind her. "You've told me 
before you love me, but I never got around to telling you what I 
feel about you. And I want to say.I love you too." Sakuya's eyes 
welled up with tears, and when she was just about to break down in 
the sappiness, they kissed under the beautiful cherry blossoms, 
with petals flying all about them.
When they finally [and I mean FINALLY] broke off, Sakuya smiled. 
"I'm so glad we can stay together forever, Tenchi. I've dreamed of 
this moment all of my life and it's finally come true. We'll never 
be apart, and I can promise that. Now you have no worries about 
your family, no worries about those other women.just no worries at 
all. It'll just be this perfect paradise for the two of us."
Tenchi smiled back at his beautiful love. "Sakuya.I never thought 
that this moment would come. I never wanted to leave you, ever. I 
was forced into those pictures. And now that I'm free.free to live 
my life with only you in this paradise that is ours.I just can't 
describe how I'm feeling right now!"
"I think I know what it is, Tenchi," Sakuya said. "You feel the 
power of our love.of us being together forever.and so do I. I'm 
never going to lose you again, and now we can live happy and free. 
It's just so wonderful to be able to live this way for all 
eternity." 
Meanwhile, outside paradise, things weren't looking so good.
Ryoko, the space pirate, was trying to beat an evil monster she 
just could not overcome. She was weak, and helpless, and missing 
Tenchi while she was at it. She broke down and cried as the 
monster almost overtook her. Then, her crystal glowed. "Tenchi 
Masaki.." Ryoko thought at once. "I can find my love again.."
Aeka was out there, somewhere, and her crystal glowed. "Tenchi, my 
love, is calling me!" Aeka thought. "I must find him and retrieve 
back my love!"
Sasami was stuck with Yugi, who had kept Tenchi and Sakuya in her 
grasp in this little paradise she had created. "What's going on?" 
Yugi shouted. "Go out! Die Sakuya! Die, my little unnecessary 
shadow! You have done your work by getting Tenchi Masaki here.now 
you have no need to live. What's going on?"
Sasami broke out of her ice-crystal with her crystal glowing. "I 
know what's going on, Yugi!" Sasami said. "Tenchi and Sakuya are 
in love. You can't just take them away from each other. Love is 
boundless.like how I love Ryo-Oh-Ki." Ryo-Oh-Ki, next to her, 
meowed.
Washuu was about to put out the kinks of a new invention when the 
crystal glowed. "Tenchi! I hafta get to him!" She ran off.
Misitaro [that's me], in a long-sleeve blue shirt and a short navy 
blue skirt with shoulder-length brown hair, was studying for a 
math test, with her click-pen (which holds her powers and her 
transportability) next to her. The end, a crystal, glowed. 
"Tenchi.." Misataro thought. "I hafta get to Tenchi!" She ran off, 
with the click-pen attached to her skirt. [Story.Misataro is one 
of Sakuya's good friends, and she's gonna be on Sakuya's side. She 
was also chosen by Tsunami to be Sasami's other spirit, so she has 
powers through a click-pen-turned-baton.]
When the girls arrived, they knocked over the little ball holing 
Tenchi and Sakuya in their little paradise (still having kissing 
attacks under the trees, mind you.) They all caught it at once, 
and transported themselves into the couple's world. Tenchi and 
Sakuya didn't know it, but they were just being watched by an 
astonished group of girls, who were read to attack somebody, so 
they kept on making out (basically.) "Oh my god.." Ryoko and Aeka 
said at the same time. "Tenchi's doing WHAT?"
"Looks like Sakuya-sama found her man at last," Misataro said, 
grinning. "I'm so proud of her! Look at them! Have you ever seen a 
happier couple all of your life?"
"Well, no, but that's MY man she's found!" Ryoko and Aeka said. 
"Hey!" Ryoko shouted at Aeka. "He's mine!"
"No, he's MINE!" Aeka shouted back. They fought on and on as 
usual, with the other girls sweat dropping. With all of the 
commotion, Tenchi let go of Sakuya [at last, and I mean at long 
last,] and turned around to see Ryoko and Aeka fighting, Misataro 
shrugging, and Washuu and Sasami sweat dropping.
"Hey!" Tenchi said, making Ryoko and Aeka stop while they were 
ready to kill each other. "What are you doing here, why are you 
here, how did you get here, and what did you see when you got 
here?"
"Well.." Ryoko said. "Our crystals glowed, and we thought you were 
in danger. We knocked off a little ball and all caught it when we 
got to Yugi's palace. We did see a little of you two making out, 
but not much. I think that answers everything, right, girls?" She 
hit Aeka one more time, and crossed her arms.
"She got it all right," Misataro said. "I'm just glad for you two. 
Sakuya's been waiting since the beginning of forever for you to 
say those three little words, Tenchi-kun. And for it to happen, 
let alone having you two stuck in a paradise completely under 
Yugi's control in the middle of all those kissing attacks is just 
perfect. And that's where you are right now."
"But I want you back, Tenchi! And I won't get you back without a 
fight!" Aeka said, launching an attack to Sakuya. 
"Watch it!" Sasami, Tenchi, and Misataro said. Tenchi stared at 
her. "She doesn't have any powers, Aeka!"
"And that's bad, Aeka," Sasami said in a singsong voice. "You know 
that it's not good to fight to solve your problems, Aeka. You 
taught me that."
"Plus, Aeka," Misataro said, "that's not going to help us. How are 
we going to get out of here and save both worlds? We have to save 
Jurai as much as we do earth, you know. So if we fight, then we 
just lose time and our worlds will be destroyed."
"But I AM going to get my Tenchi back, and you aren't gonna stop 
me!" She launched an attack to Tenchi, who ducked and fired back. 
Sasami, Washuu, and Misataro joined in on Tenchi's side, and Ryoko 
was fighting her own fight against both Aeka and Sakuya.
The fight lasted on and on, for hours and hours, until both Aeka 
and Ryoko were overpowered and just gave up on trying to get to 
the others. 
Tenchi and Sakuya walked off, talking and having fun, when the 
others tried to think about what to do. "I think those two deserve 
a place for themselves, and a set-up date so that they can really 
be together. If it were you, I think you'd agree." Misataro said 
thoughtfully. 
"Yeah!" Sasami said. "We can set them up for dinner and a movie, 
and then get them a room!"
"You.oh my god, you're a pervert?!" Aeka said in shock. "I would 
never have guessed my sister, of all people!"
"Well, it's a good idea, but we might as well put in bunk beds 
instead of a double.it'll be safer for Sakuya's sake." Washuu 
said. "But I am totally blank on how to keep them off with the 
dinner and movie while the rest of us get the room."
"I could always lead them around, you know," Sasami said. "I know 
how to do these things."
"I think it'd be better off if I did that," Misataro said, 
"because Sakuya will make Tenchi follow me around, too."
"Well, all right, I could get flowers and things for Tenchi to 
give," Ryoko said. "And I'll pay for some of it too."
"I'll pay off the rest," Aeka said, "and Washuu and Sasami could 
do the room set off."
"Perfect!" Misataro said. "Then let's get to work!"
Misataro led them around through a really romantic movie (you 
decide), dinner at a oceanfront restaurant, and to the fancy hotel 
they set up. When it was all over, Misataro opened the door of 
room 214 and smiled. The room was beautiful, light pink and lit by 
scented candles. The beds were soft, and the couches were warm.
"You two can stay here while you find a home for yourselves," 
Misataro said, impressed at the job the other girls did. "Good 
night!"
"Good night, Misataro-sama! Thank you!" Sakuya said to her friend.
"Good night, Misataro! Thanks a lot!" Tenchi said, as Misataro 
shut the door behind her and left the two alone. She ran off to 
the park, and met in the square.
"Mission completed!" Misataro said with a grin.
"Good job, Misa!" Sasami said.
Meanwhile.
Tenchi lifted Sakuya up in his arms and put her down gently onto 
the lower bunk bed. She was asleep there, quiet and innocent. 
"Sleep well, Sakuya. Good night." With that, he climbed up into 
the top bunk and quickly drifted off to sleep.
The End
Notes: Well, what did you think? I think that worked well, 
considering that this is my first Tenchi in Tokyo fanfic. Ja ne!
kawaiimae@loveable.com

Coming Soon: Good Morning, Tenchi--what happens to Sakuya, Tenchi, 
and the rest after that experience? Will they ever get out of 
Yugi's control? 
