Disclaimer:
I do not own any of these Tenchi Muyo! characters,
they are copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer.  This fic
is for entertainment value only, not for profit.  So
please don't sue me, I'm broke.

WARNING:  THIS IS A SAD AND DEPRESSING STORY

*Sleepless Nights*
By, Heather B. Kytes

It was a brittle night, the inky sky an obscure
black periodically pierced by silvery slivers of light
from the lonely moon floating high above in the sky.
Sounds of nature filled the still air, such as the
chirping of crickets and the occasional gust of wind
against the window panes, the low moan rising, falling,
then trailing off into a whisper that dissipated into
empty silence.  The rooms of the Masaki house were calm
and at peace, except for the occasional tossing and
turning of a restless sleeper.
        Ryoko couldn't sleep at all.
        *I'm not used to this bed* she thought, shifting
uncomfortably in a futile effort to find a zone of
comfort in which she could conceivably sleep.  Ever
since Kiyone and Mihoshi had left, Ryoko had "graduated"
from sleeping on the couch to the guest bedroom.  At
first, Ryoko had been excited about the change, but from
the looks of this first night, it appeared that it might
not be such a great deal after all.
        It didn't help that it was a sweltering, summer
night.  The cotton blankets stuck to her like second
skin, and twisted around her legs any time she moved.
She ended up kicking them off the bed in frustration,
laying on her stomach, her head turned to the side.
        Her neck started hurting.
        "Damn," she muttered, rolling over.  She raised her
arms over her head and stretched her sore muscles, then
using her hand as something of a pillow under her cheek.
She found this to be a somewhat comfortable pose, and she
closed her eyes slowly, hoping that maybe, just maybe,
this would be the right position she could fall asleep in.
        She was just dozing off when she heard the door
to her room creak open.  It was a low, ominous sound;
someone was obviously being sneaky about entering the
room.  Ryoko tensed, waiting to leap into action.
        Before she could open her eyes and see who the
intruder was, she was shocked into paralysis by a low
sigh.
        It was Tenchi.
        "Sleeping like an angel," she heard him say softly.
She could hear a smile in his voice, as well as
undercurrents of deep, everlasting sorrow.  "Ryoko."
        *Should I wake up?*  Ryoko felt confused.  If he
wanted her awake, why would he be so quiet about
everything?  Why wouldn't he just yell at her or shake
her?  Also, it was the middle of the night.  Why *would*
he want her to wake up?
        But if he didn't want her awake, what was he doing
here?
        Ryoko decided to wait.  Maybe he would answer her.
        Using her superior hearing, she listened as Tenchi
grabbed a chair from across the room and pulled it to the
side of her bed.  He sat down silently.
        Okay, so he didn't want her awake.  That was obvious
now.  So. . .
        Minutes passed.  Maybe seconds.  Ryoko waited
breathlessly, afraid to move an inch lest he realize she
was awake.  She was getting more and more curious as to
what he was doing here, and she knew if she opened her eyes
now, she'd never find out the truth.

        "I can't sleep," Tenchi said after countless
moments of silence.  "I can't stop thinking about
you."
        Ryoko thought she would die.  Her heart seemed
to stop beating.
        "I don't know what I want most of the time.  You
know how confused I can be sometimes.  Well, more like
always.  Always confused.  But, lately, Ryoko, I just
look at you--"
        Feeling heat rising in her cheeks, Ryoko shifted
slightly, burying more of her face in the pillow to hide
her blush.
        Tenchi paused, obviously worried that she was
going to awaken.  A few moments later when all was still
again, he continued.  "I look at you, and I'm saddened."
        Confusion entered Ryoko's mind, replacing the
blinding joy she'd felt a moment ago.  Dread weighed
heavily on her soul.  She waited patiently for him to
speak again; it was all she could do.

        She heard him sigh painfully.  "God, Ryoko, you
can be such a witch sometimes!  I just want to shake you
and ask you what the hell and why the hell you do the
things you do!  Anything just to get you to stop hurting
people!  To stop being such a monster!"
        Tears threatened behind her eyelids which she
managed to keep at bay somehow.  He was yelling now,
somewhat mutedly, but obviously so lost in emotion that
he'd stopped caring if she woke up.  Once more, she
waited.  Waited for him to hurl another dagger in her
heart and add to the collection of pain.

        "Ryoko, it hurts, alright?  Because I know the
other side of you, the human side.  The side that--
that cares about people other than yourself.  Your
heart and soul."
        Tenchi took a deep breath, calming himself.  He
unconsciously placed his hand on the bed, and Ryoko
could feel the slight tremblings that radiated
throughout his fingers.  He was obviously shaken and
distraught.  Ryoko didn't know what to think anymore.
She was as confused as he seemed to be.  She still
couldn't figure out why he was doing this now, while
she was *supposedly* asleep.  Couldn't he say it to
her face?
        Of course not.  He was a coward.
        Sure, he could face Kagato fearlessly enough,
tossing aside his own life in the blink of an eye to
play the hero role.  But when it came to matters of
emotion, he ran away with his tail between his legs.
A wimp.  A coward.
        Yet, in spite of that, Ryoko loved him anyway.
Nothing could ever stop her from loving him.
        "I can't go on like this much longer, Ryoko.
Wanting to kiss you one second more than anything, and
in the next wanting to *kill* you.  How can it be this
way?  How can I love you and hate you at the same
time?"
        *He loves me*  The thought entered her mind and
froze it immediately.  Then another thought cracked
the ice quickly and efficiently.
        *Yeah, and he hates you as well.*
        *What about Aeka?  What do you feel for her?*
her mind screamed.  She wanted desperately to ask him
the question, force him to answer her, for the question
weighed on her mind like a rock tied to a chain,
dragging her down to drown in the black waters of not
knowing.
        "I don't feel this strongly about *anybody* else,
Ryoko.  Not Aeka, not Washu, not Kiyone, not Sasami, not
Mihoshi.  Just you.  And I don't know why it's you."

        He let out a quiet, strangled laugh.  "Sometimes--
sometimes I wish it were Aeka, or someone else.  Someone
I could just be with so easily and not ride this damn
roller coaster of emotions every time I see her.  I
tried, dammit, I tried so hard to love her."
        Another crack in her heart, more crimson blood
trickled out.  More tears held at bay, the dam threatening
to burst any second.  Yet, even as the pain shot through
every corner of her body, Ryoko continued to sit there
and wait, and listen.
        "I--I went out alone with Aeka all those times,
listened to her pour out her heart and her soul to me,
and gaze at me with those loving eyes of hers, and I
just couldn't find any part of me that loved her as more
than a friend.  I felt like--like a failure.  I had so
many beautiful, kind, caring girls around me, and the
only one I could think about was the damn, heartless
monster.  The selfish, cruel, enchanting, captivating
demon I had resurrected."  Tenchi's voice dropped to a
whisper, though Ryoko heard him as plain as day.  And
every word he uttered hurt like hell.
        Each ill word he spoke of her seared a path
straight to her heart.  And even though he had said he
loved her, her heart was breaking because he obviously
didn't want to.  He felt his heart was betraying him by
being attached to a *monster* like her.
        *Oh, God, I can't take this.  It--it hurts. . .*
        Ryoko let out a soft moan, unable to repress the
anguish inside.  Her face scrunched up as waves of pain
racked her body, attacking her insides, her *life*. . .
        "Ryoko."  Tenchi's voice was worried.  She
vaguely heard him stand, lean over the bed and place his
hands on her arms, shaking her gently.  "Ryoko, wake up."
        Managing to stop convulsing, Ryoko lay limp in
Tenchi's grasp, feigning sleep.  She couldn't face him.
She didn't think she could ever face him again after his
revelations tonight.  She had to run away.  To get as
far away from him as possible and never look back.
        "Must have been a bad dream," Tenchi said softly.
His grip on her loosened, then he let go.  She lay on her
back, and jumped slightly when she felt a warm touch on
her forehead.
        Tenchi's fingers.
        He smoothed her bangs back, his gentle caresses
leaving trails of sweet fire on her skin.  She heard him
groan under his breath; he knelt by the bed closer to
her, so close she could feel his cool breath on her face.
        "You look like an angel," he whispered, somewhat
repeating his first statement when he'd entered the
room.  "I wish you would always be this gentle and
serene.  You don't know how many sleepless nights I crept
into the living room and watched you sleep on the couch,
and felt my love for you grow even stronger, just
looking at my dreaming angel."

        A lone tear pooled in the corner of Ryoko's eye.
She hoped he didn't see it, hoped he would leave the
room and let her cry the oceans of tears behind her
eyelids.  Let her drown in the sorrow flooding her heart.
        "Must be--"  Tenchi hesitated.  Ryoko felt pressure
near her eye.  He had stolen the tear as it escaped her
eye and started down her cheek.  "Must be my
imagination," he finished.  "But this--it's a tear."
        The pain doubled, tripled, went off the charts.
Ryoko neared the breaking point, but still hovered at
the end of her rope.  One more harsh word from Tenchi,
and the rope would be gone, leaving Ryoko to fall forever
into the bottomless pit of her emotions and empty love.
        "Why would you cry, Ryoko?  Why?" Tenchi was
talking to himself now, pondering the question.  "Did
you--"  his voice filled with fear.  "--did you hear
me?  Ryoko, are you awake?"
        Her breath caught in her throat.  This was it.
Should she reveal it now or never?
        The coward.  The damn coward.
        She was no better than he.
        She remained quiet.
        "Thank God."  Tenchi let out the breath he'd been
holding.  "I don't want to hurt you, Ryoko.  That's the
last thing I want."
        *You don't want to make me happy, either.*
        "I love you so much."
        *You hate me even more.*
        "Ryoko, you're such an important part of my life."
        *Oh, I'm just a monster, or did you forget so soon?*
        "God, I hate this.  These damn sleepless nights
are when I should be holding you, not sitting here and
telling you this crap.  Then going back to my room and
staring at the ceiling and thinking to myself, 'Dammit,
Tenchi, when are you going to tell her to her face that
you love her?'"
        *That's okay, Tenchi.  Your version of love is so
damn twisted it might as well be ashes.  You'll forget
all about me someday, but I'll always love you till the
day they throw my rotting corpse in another tomb.  And
even then, in my sleep of eternal death, I know the only
thing I'll see is your face, and everyday I'll wish to
see you again, so you can take another little piece of
my heart to break.  Another knife in the chest.  Just
keep 'em coming, Tenchi, I'm ready always. . .*
        An affectionate grunt came out of Tenchi's throat.
Ryoko felt his hand on the side of her face, softly
stroking and outlining her jaw with the tip of his
thumb.  "How can I hate you when you're like this, so
vulnerable and beautiful?  God, Ryoko, I want to take
you in my arms and--"
        "I'm just a monster."
        The words came out of Ryoko's mouth before she
could stop them.
        She could almost see Tenchi blink in surprise,
as he was so fond of doing when shocked.  His hand shot
away from her face.  "Ryoko?  Are you awake?"
        Another chance to tell the truth.  *Yes, Tenchi, I
heard every word you said. . .*
        It passed, and once again she remained silent and
limp.
        "You never talked in your sleep before," he
murmured.  She heard him slowly get to his feet, felt
his eyes on her once more.  "I should probably get out
of here before you wake up for real.  I just--had to
talk to you.  About my feelings."
        *Thank you so much, Tenchi, I'll treasure your
words forever*
        The brush of Tenchi's lips against her cheek like
a burn left its mark.  "See you in the morning," he
whispered.  There was a steady sound of footsteps moving
away, then the door shut as Tenchi exited the room.

        Ryoko opened her tear-filled eyes, stared up at
the ceiling for a long time and crying silently.  Just
as the darkness of night inside the room threatened to
swallow her in its endless depths, the blackness
softened steadily as a deep, charcoal-gray light floated
in from the east.  The sky lightened further, revealing
towering outlines of black, unmoving trees painted
against the dawning horizon.  A soft, grayish-rose
warmed the sky; a layer of clouds was backlighted by
dawn as it crept across the horizon slowly and
uniformly.  The first beams of sunlight appeared
through her window, dissolving the shadows and drying
her eyes.
        She heard movement outside in the hall.  "Morning,
Ryo-Oh-Ki!  Are you hungry?" came Sasami's cheerful
voice.  There was a soft meow in reply.
        Ryoko slowly stood and walked out of the room.
        Sasami noticed her and smiled brightly.  "Good
morning, Ryoko.  Did you sleep well?  You look tired."
        Ryoko gazed at the innocent girl, her face
expressionless as she shook her head.  "I feel fine,"
she lied.  "It was only a sleepless night."

The End

*As always, send comments to:

frozen_angel18@hotmail.com