Someplace like Home
Episode 6:  No Need for Reminiscing 
By Robert Hazelton (nchabrier@yahoo.com)

	"The Soja?"  Ayeka looked at Tenchi then to Kiyone.  "What's going on?"
	"I don't think it's the real Soja, Ayeka."  Kiyone looked down at the 
scanners and nodded.  "I remember the signature from the Soja and these are much 
weaker."
	"Nevertheless,"  Tenchi gestured at the screen.  "It's firing on us!"  
Ryo-Ohki quaked from a concussion and everyone scrambled to get a hold of 
something.
	"Mihoshi, fire at will!"  Kiyone called over her communicator while 
working feverishly at the control station she had posted herself at.  
	A variety of blasts struck the Soja, careening it so that it's subsequent 
attacks flew harmlessly over Ryo-Ohki.  The tiny bubbles of fire quickly faded 
from the hull of the enemy vessel and the damage seemed to 'heal' almost 
instantaneously.
	"I'm initiating an energy net, Mihoshi."  Kiyone looked up at the screen.  
"Prepare to stop firing on my mark.  Three... two... one...  Mark!"  She tapped 
a button and the firing stopped as a blue force field shot from Ryo-Ohki and 
surrounded the Soja.  
	Blasts exploded from within the net but it wasn't able to penetrate the 
field.  Kiyone looked at Tenchi.  	"Tenchi, can you please monitor this station 
for me while I get back to our ship to call for some backup?  Watch the energy 
output from the Soja.  If it starts to increase, then turn up the fields power 
to compensate.  I don't think we'll have any problems holding whoever that is 
here."
	"No problem, Kiyone."  Tenchi stood beside the console.  Ayeka looked over 
his shoulder and watched Kiyone depart.  
	"What do you think is going on, Ayeka?"  Tenchi asked while intently 
staring at the meters.
	"I'm not entirely certain, Tenchi."  She sighed.  "I'm sure it has to do 
with Ryoko though."
	"That's not very fair."  He frowned.  
	"I'm not being critical, I honestly believe that Ryoko's problems and this 
are tied in together.  That thing out there... maybe it's from her dream 
dimension."
	"You're probably right."  Tenchi thought a moment.  "What if her dimension 
is just getting more and more powerful?  What if parts of her dimension are 
breaking through the same barrier that the nightmare pierced the first time and 
are flooding into this world?"
	"It could be a resurgence of everything we've ever faced."  Ayeka 
grimaced.  "What would we have to do?"
	"Somehow destroy the portal perhaps?"  Tenchi shrugged.  "The activities 
for dealing with these parallel dimensions is one hundred percent Washu's 
department."
	Ayeka looked over at the still form of Ryoko.  "I wonder what she's doing 
right now... in her dream realm."
	"I hope that she's alright."  Tenchi hazarded a quick glance at her before 
looking back at the meters and made a slight adjustment.
	"Tenchi," Kiyone's voice crackled through a speaker over his head.  "We've 
got some backup coming to help contain whatever is in that Soja.  I'm going to 
replace the energy net with our own and then you guys get out of here.  Ryo-Ohki 
isn't necessarily a 'friendly' vessel in the eyes of the GP."
	"Sounds good, Kiyone."  Tenchi replied.  "We've got to get Ryoko back to 
Washu anyway."
Ayeka walked over to Ryoko and scrutinized her for a few moments.  Her eyes 
widened and she clasped at Ryoko's wrist with a frown.  "Tenchi, I think that 
you need to see this..."

*	*	*

	"Ryoko!"  The dwarf hurried after her and she sighed without turning.
	"Go away!"
	"You don't understand!  You need my help."
	"Now's not the time for self reflection."  Ryoko paused a moment to scan 
the hall before her.  The blackness ahead was brightening and she could see a 
beam of sunlight peaking through some broken mortar.  She stayed a feeling of 
excitement.  "I have to get back to Tenchi."
	"What do you think is going on you idiot?"  He was jumping up and down, 
splashing in the water and she turned with a frown.  "Do you think that you can 
just 'go back' with a snap of your fingers?  You're not that omnipotent."
	"You realize that you were on my nerves a long time ago.  Just imagine 
where you're at in regards to my temper now."
	"Ryoko, this goes beyond you and your problems.  Existence is in danger as 
the dimension of your dream infringes on reality."
	"Okay, assuming that I believe a word you're saying, what do I do about 
it?"
	"The dimension is yours... you have to confront that which has taken shape 
and directs the rest.  The nightmare that you gave form to now fuels the rest as 
you give both shape with your subconscious mind."  He ran his hands over his 
face and looked up at her, obviously frustrated.  "Remember that I told you that 
you don't know yourself?  That you have no control over yourself?  I can't 
believe I'm spelling this out to you but your dreams are yours to control-Even 
the nightmares."
	"So you're saying-"
	"That you're passions are running wild without you controlling them.  
Nightmares are no different than dreams, they just take on your anxieties and 
fears... your hatred and your guilt.  Unfortunately, in your case hatred and 
guilt were a part of your life for a very long time and have great power.  
You're a dangerous woman based not only on your skill but with how much control 
your passion has over those skills.  What you face is a creature born of every 
negativity welled up in you for the duration of time you've lived."
	Ryoko took a deep breath and shook her head.  The thought was more than 
unpleasant and though she tried to fight the thought, it was like a bad dream.  
Frowning at her own horrible pun, she looked at the dwarf and squinted irritably 
at him.  "So why didn't you just say so earlier?  Why all the personal attack?"
	"To see if I was right about how volatile you are.  I was dead on."
	"Great."  She rolled her eyes and paced away.  "So what should I do?  
Where am I now?  I presumed I was in the dimension of my dreams..."
	"You're correct.  You passed out on the bridge of Ryo-Ohki but you were in 
and out of consciousness the whole time between arriving back to reality from 
the dream world."
	"Because it's drawing energy from my body to maintain it's existence."
	"Until it manages to completely take over the real world... Upon which 
time, all that was will cease to be."
	Ryoko grinned suddenly and nodded.  "I think I know how to handle this."
	"What's that?"  The dwarf cocked his head curiously.
	"Nothing."  She waved at him and lifted into the air to float toward the 
light.  "I've got to go... I've got a plan.  Thank you for the help despite 
being a total pain in the ass."
	"Wait!"  The dwarf tried to keep up with her but had to stop.  "What's the 
plan?"  He asked quietly, more to himself since she was long gone.  "I hope you 
know what you're doing."  He plopped down in the water and began to brood.

*	*	*

	"Tenchi!"  Washu's voice broke through the speaker of Ryo-Ohki as they 
began their descent into Earth's atmosphere.  "Can you hear me?"
	"Miss Washu, sure I can.  What's up?"
	"Lots!  I've been trying to reach you for over an hour!"
	"We were being jammed by another ship."  Ayeka responded.  "What's wrong?"
	"I've got some desperate news about Ryoko's nightmare creature.  It seems 
that her dream world is melding with our own."
	"Oh my..."  Ayeka looked back at Ryoko.
	"Ryoko passed out while on the trip."  Tenchi frowned.  "In fact, her life 
signs are extremely weak."
	Washu drew a deep breath.  "Yeah, I figured as much."
	"What is it, Washu?"  Ayeka asked.
	"Regardless of the fact that Ryoko's dream world has taken physical form, 
she's still tied to it.  As a result of that bond, I believe that it is still 
pulling energy from her to keep its form."	
	"How do we stop it?"  Tenchi was getting frustrated.  "It's going to kill 
her!"
	"We have to get to the heart of her dimension and put a stop to that which 
is clinging to Ryoko."
	"But isn't it that creature that Ryoko and Tenchi fought the night he 
crossed over into her dream?"  Ayeka asked.	
	"I believe so, yes."
	"We couldn't fight that, Washu!"  Tenchi frowned.  "We couldn't hurt it!"
	"You didn't get a lot of chance to try.  Ryoko got frightened and she 
fled.  Perhaps the lighthawk wings-"
	"How do we get there?"  Tenchi interrupted suddenly, a new determination 
in his voice.
	"I'm working on a portal now.  It should be ready by the time you get 
back."
	"I'll be ready."  Tenchi turned away from the comm. and peered down at 
Ryoko.  Ayeka put her hand on his shoulder gently.
	"Do you want me to go with you?"  Her tone was hopeful but contained.
	"I think that I should go alone, Ayeka."  He put his hand on hers.  
"Remember that you... that you weren't alive in that world.  I wish that you 
could come, but I think that this time it would be best if you stayed behind."
	"Oh... okay, Tenchi."  She looked down.  "I understand..."
	"Besides, I might need you to bring me back."  He looked over his shoulder 
with a grin and she returned the smile weakly.  "Someone needs to keep Miss 
Washu in check."

*	*	*

	Back in Washu's lab, Tenchi stood ready dressed in his battle suit and 
holding the master key as Washu performed a number of calculations.  Ayeka stood 
nearby quietly and aside from the whirring of machines and the digital bleeps of 
the computers, all was silent.  
	When the door flew open, it was as if someone threw a rock through the 
window of tension that had built up.  Sasami jogged in and grabbed Tenchi's arm.  
"Tenchi!  You can't go alone!  I need to go with you!"
	"Sasami," Tenchi turned and looked at her oddly.  "It's going to be much 
too dangerous for you to-"
	"You don't understand!  Tsunami wants me to go with you!"
	"Tsunami?"  Tenchi looked over at Ayeka who shrugged a response.
	"Yes, Tsunami."  Yosho was standing at the door, his arms crossed.  "I'm 
afraid she's right, Tenchi.  She needs to accompany you on this quest."
	"But Grandpa, don't you think that she's a little young?"
	"She has the power of Tsunami with her as you well know.  That will be a 
valuable ally in this task."
	Tenchi looked between Sasami and Ayeka again before shrugging.  "Alright, 
Sasami.  Looks like we're together for this one."
	"Yay!" She smiled at him.
	"Sasami," Ayeka frowned.  "I... I don't feel very comfortable about this."
	"Don't worry, Ayeka."  She cast a knowing look at her sister.  "I have to 
do this."
	"We're all ready over here."  Washu looked up from her computer and rubbed 
her chin.  "As soon as you're ready, you can depart."
	"I think we're ready, Washu."  Tenchi stepped to the center of the room 
and stood below the red gem stuck in the machine on the ceiling and Sasami 
followed, her shoulders set and expression firm.  
	"I'll be monitoring you the entire time."  Washu gestured to the master 
key.  "When you're ready to come back, I'll be able to pull you back using the 
gems on the hilt of key.  Got it?"
	"No problem, Miss Washu."  Tenchi looked at Yosho and Ayeka.  "I'll put an 
end to this."
	"Of course you will."  Yosho nodded.
	"Be careful... the both of you."  Ayeka folded her hands behind her back 
and blinked away a worried tear.
	"We will."  Sasami waved as a red glow encompassed the room, erasing their 
features and making crimson silhouettes of the two.  A high pitch sound erupted 
from the gem and reverberated off the walls, building in volume until it was 
almost unbearable.  The sound stopped so suddenly that for a moment it was hard 
to believe that it had even happened except for the absence of Tenchi and Sasami 
who had disappeared as the commotion ended.  

*	*	*

	"Washu!"  Kiyone's voice crackled on a speaker overhead in the lab just 
after Tenchi and Sasami disappeared.
	"What's up, Kiyone?  There's a lot of interference."  Washu tried to 
adjust the signal on the communication with a frown.
	"We have another problem."
	Washu sighed.  "Let me have it."
	"I don't know if you've heard or not, but we encountered another 
Soja...conflict... Galaxy... vessels... Kagato escaped though so... do you 
think?"
	"Kiyone, I barely got half of that message.  Say again!"
	"Watch out... Kagato... Ryoko..."  The signal fell dead.  
	Ayeka exchanged a glance with Washu before turning to walk into the hall, 
head bowed.  Yosho watched her go then paced further into the lab.  "If Kagato 
is after Ryoko for one reason or another, he'll be fairly disappointed to find 
that she's in the place he just left."
	"There are a hundred theories as to what sort of threat he'll be."  Washu 
rubbed her chin.  "Does he want revenge against Tenchi or all of us?  Or does he 
want Ryoko because he's from her dreams?  I suppose we won't know until we 
encounter him."
	"Indeed."  Yosho smiled knowingly.  "Any speculation would be purely 
academic at this stage.  We have one thing on our side: the Soja gems will not 
be real and therefore, his powers will be lessoned on this world until the 
dimension further develops."
	"That explains how they were able to deal with the Soja at all."  Washu 
pursed her lips.  "We have quite a lot on our side and yet, I get the feeling 
that several problems out of our past could come to haunt us."
	"It is a risk of course.  Everyone has demons that they exercise in their 
dreams... now we know what a supposed demon does in hers."  Yosho paced to the 
door.  "For now, our role is one of waiting.  Keep me informed of anything you 
find out."
	Washu nodded and turned back to the controls with a sigh.  Patting her 
stomach, she hopped out of her chair to fetch some food... it was promising to 
be a long night.

*	*	*

	Red... all around like a crimson lens placed over the eyes, the world swam 
in blood.  He could make out details through the haze for a moment: Ayeka's 
worried expression, Yosho watching curiously, Washu working the controls to send 
them through the dimension... but they all faded... turning from blur to 
silhouettes before finally blending in completely with the surrounding spectrum. 
	A sense of vertigo fell over his senses and worked its way down to his 
stomach to become nausea.  Was he floating?  Falling?  Standing still?  He 
couldn't tell.  His hand was still on Sasami's shoulder but beyond that tactile 
affirmation of reality, he was in limbo.  
	And then it all ended as abruptly as it began.  Sunlight attacked his eyes 
and he started to fall to the ground.  He put his hands out and went into a 
reactionary shoulder roll coming up to a crouching position as Sasami sprawled 
beside him on her stomach.
	"Are you alright?"  He asked quickly, putting his hand on her back gently.
	"Yeah," She said with a moan.  "Just lost my breath for a second."
	He nodded and surveyed the area for any landmarks.  "I think we're near 
the house."
	"Really?"  She pushed herself up and brushed off dirt that attached itself 
to her shirt.  "How far?"
	"Not very... Maybe a half mile at the most."  He rubbed his chin.  "The 
real question is where is the nightmare centered?"
	"We should think of the place that Ryoko would least likely want to go-"
	"The cave!"  Tenchi cried.  "It has to be where it is."
	"Ho there!"  Both turned to look up as Ryoko came flying down and landed 
in front of them.  "Tenchi?  Are you... are you the-"
	"Yeah, Ryoko.  Sasami and I came through to take care of the nightmare."
	"So you know that the worlds are merging?"
	"Washu figured it out.  The Soja appeared in our universe... That was what 
Kiyone and Mihoshi were after."
	Ryoko sighed.  "This really is getting out of hand."
	"Are you okay?"  He put his hand on her shoulder.  "Your body is back 
home... and it's not doing very well."
	"I feel fine but... well, I can feel the drain that this world has on me 
physically but it's not painful or even tiring-it actually manifests as a sense 
of urgency.  Like I have to do something."
	"We've figured it out."  Sasami cried.  "We have to destroy the creature 
that's keeping all this alive... the creature that's using your physical energy 
to merge the two worlds."
	"I was en route to accomplish a similar goal."  She smirked.  "But I've 
brought some help."
	"What do you mean?"  Tenchi asked.
	"Well, I figured that since this was my dream, I could maybe work with it 
a bit... get creative."  She looked up at the sky and motioned for something to 
come down.  "So I went and found some help."
	Tenchi did a double take as another Ryoko landed gracefully on the ground 
beside him, smiling as she clasped her hands behind her back.  "Huh?"  He looked 
between them both.  "I don't get it..."
	"In the real world, I merged with Zero Ryoko... but here things are a bit 
different."
	"I can see that..."  Tenchi motioned for the real Ryoko to step aside with 
him and he lowered his voice to whisper.  "Are you sure that this is safe?  I 
mean, Zero Ryoko turned out all right in the end but-"
	"Relax Tenchi."  She gave him a sly look.  "This is my world after all and 
with each passing moment I gain more control."
	He nodded and looked back at Zero Ryoko who was chatting with Sasami.  "Do 
you know where we're going?"  
	She paled slightly and nodded.  "The cave."
	"Well, at least I was right."  He clasped her shoulder.  "We'll face this 
together, the four of us.  You're not alone..."
	She put her hand on his and squeezed it.  "Thanks.  But we have to hurry."
	"Right."  Tenchi turned back to Sasami and Zero.  "Ready?"
	A synchronized nod.
	"Let's get to it then."
	"Not quite so fast... boy."  A familiar voice froze him in his tracks and 
his fists involuntarily balled as a figure winked into existence near the tree 
line they would have to pass through to get to the cave.
	"Kagato," Tenchi sneered. 
	"It's so nice to see you again, really it is.  I suppose you thought that 
our last encounter would be the last we'd have."  Kagato shrugged.  "Of course, 
I can see how an insignificant Juraian might bask in his own opulent arrogance."
	"We don't have time for this," Ryoko formed her sword and aimed it at 
Kagato's throat.  "Move aside, Kagato.  You're not even real."
	Kagato shook his head.  "You understand nothing, Ryoko."  He paced, his 
gaze rising to the sky.  "You think you know where you are, that you have power 
over that which you created but such a complex act as genesis is as beyond you 
as intelligent thought.  Therefore, while the capacity to manifest this 
brilliant place, and consequently my resurrection, existed within you, anything 
beyond that has been luck and accidents."
	"Shut up Kagato!"  Sasami yelled.  "You hold no power here!" 
	"Little one-"
	"We won't be delayed by the ravings of an ego maniac!"  Sasami's small 
body seemed to glow as she yelled, her eyes closing as she lifted off the ground 
to hover five feet high.  Kagato watched curiously, his own sword forming as he 
casually brought his hand around in front of him.  He cast a quick glance to 
Tenchi.
	"This won't be the last time we meet here, boy."  Kagato watched Sasami as 
his form faded to nothing.
	"That's wonderful."  Tenchi rolled his eyes.  "Now we've got Kagato 
roaming around too.  I wonder if this can get any worse?"
	"Sure it can."  Ryoko looked at Sasami who was slowly floating back down 
to the ground.  "What did you do, Sasami?"
	"Some of Tsunami's power manifested in me... I was going to attack Kagato 
if he didn't leave."
	"Wow, way to go."  Ryoko looked around.  "But we need to be on the look 
out.  He's a sneaky bastard and sadly, he's just as powerful here as he was in 
our own universe."
	"I don't really think we need to worry about him."  Zero smiled.  
"Considering the four of us should be more than a match for him."
	"Nevertheless, let's get moving and handle this as quickly as possible."  
Ryoko took the lead and plunged into the woods, hovering just a foot off the 
ground and watching the tree line attentively.  Tenchi followed with Sasami 
trailing and Zero taking up the back.
	Ryoko paused a moment with a frown.  Something on the breeze...?  A sound 
as if someone moving in the trees... a rustle of leaves and a glint of metal 
from the sun-Her eyes widened and she managed to throw herself on Tenchi  just 
as a blast erupted from the left of the path and shattered the trunk of a tree 
where they were walking.  "Down!  It's the Galaxy Police!"  She screamed.
	"What?"  Sasami yelled back as she took cover.  "But why?"
	"One of the less dangerous, more annoying nightmares that I have had in 
the past."  She grunted, trying to see where their attackers were taking cover.  
	"Surrender Ryoko!"  A rough voice cried from the bushes.  "There will be 
no more warnings."
	"Go away!"  She cried back.  "We don't have time for you."
	"You've been warned!"  Another blast exploded from the trees and slammed 
into the ground, showering dirt over them.  
	"That's it."  She launched herself into the air and teleported with Zero 
mimicking her motion almost perfectly.  Tenchi tried to say something but was 
too late.
	She appeared high above the tree line and squinted through the leaves and 
finally caught site of the three people hiding in the brush some thirty yards 
from the path with a rifle and two pistols.  With a grin, she teleported again, 
appearing directly behind them with her sword out.  The rifle fired again before 
she cut it in half and kicked one of the men in the head, hurling him against a 
tree and into unconsciousness.
	The one holding the rifle turned quickly and fell back over his cover and 
tried to draw his pistol but she threw an energy blast in his direction and 
connected with the ground he was about to land on tossing him several feet from 
the concussion.  The third had his weapon out as she turned to him and he aimed 
at her head.
	"Freeze!"  He cried in despair, sweat pouring from his forehead and the 
barrel of the weapon quivering from his nerves.
	She smiled at him.  "But... which of us should freeze?"  She motioned to 
her left and Zero appeared.  He aimed his weapon at the newcomer.  
	"What the hell?"  He bit his lip.  "Both of you freeze!"
	"But one of us can't be real..."  Zero grinned.
	"She's right."  Ryoko shrugged.  "I guess I'll just fade out of 
existence..."
	With that she teleported above him and he panicked, looking around 
frantically and nearly screaming when he looked up and was staring directly into 
her eyes.  "Surprise!"  She said, grabbing him by the shoulders and lifting him 
off the ground.
	He cried out in terror and dropped his gun to grab onto her hands, 
assuring his safety in his own mind.  She carried him up to a tall tree and 
dropped him on the branch, hovering away from him a few feet and folding her 
arms over her chest.  "Now you be a good boy and wait for your friends to regain 
consciousness.  I don't have time for you right now."  She turned to leave and 
he cried out for her.
	"Wait!  You can't leave me here!"
	"I already have."  She said as she winked out and reappeared by Tenchi and 
Sasami.  "Okay, two problems down..."
	"A billion to go?"  Tenchi finished for her sarcastically as they started 
down the path again, their wariness increased.  
	"At least there's a bright side.  At least we know the creature considers 
us a threat."  Ryoko gave him a knowing wink and turned her attentions back to 
the path.
