Someplace like Home
Episode 7:  No Need for Reality
By Robert Hazelton (nchabrier@yahoo.com)


	Silence... It was too quiet...  The wind was absent, the birds solemn in 
the afternoon sun.  The entrance of the cave cast its darkness out of the mouth 
into the clearing just before it, an ominous shadow blackening nature and 
turning the grass gray with its touch.  
	Tenchi wiped his brow of sweat and glanced at his companions for any signs 
of whether they were as nervous as he.  Ryoko was more pale than he had ever 
seen her before, her eyes displaying the conflict in her soul concerning her own 
private inhibitions about entering the cave.  She had avoided it since she had 
been released, not even willing to discuss it for more than a few moments, at 
least not directly.  Now she had to find it in herself to go in and face her 
greatest fear.  No one could say she was a coward.
	Zero Ryoko was mirroring her twins expression though there was a more 
confident air about her.  Perhaps she didn't share the sensation that the 
creature waiting within was the most terrifying manifestation of Ryoko's mind.  
	Sasami was the only one of them that didn't seem worried.  In fact, her 
face held an expression of determination, her hands balled into fists.  The 
symbiosis between her and Tsunami was difficult to understand but the strength 
that it granted the girl was amazing.  She was so easy to underestimate and yet 
she contained the spirit of one of the most powerful beings in the universe 
within her tiny frame.  The task they faced was in good hands.
	"Well, what are we waiting for?"  Ryoko tried to sound light but it fell 
short.  "We should get in there."
	"Right."  Tenchi nodded but no one moved.
	"How are we going to do this?"  Sasami asked without looking away from the 
cave as if she was convinced that at any moment the monster would emerge from 
the darkness and attack them.
	"That's a good question-"  Ryoko paused and spun around just in time to 
take a blow to her head, sending her sailing through the air to land on the 
ground.  Tenchi, Sasami and Zero Ryoko hurried to her side, taking a defensive 
stance against... nothing.
	"Ryoko, what happened?"  Tenchi asked.
	"I don't know.  I didn't get a look before I was hit."
	A green blade flashed toward Tenchi's head but Zero Ryoko dove forward, 
her sword appearing to block the attack with perfect form.  "Kagato!"  She 
cried, entering a fierce melee with parries and attacks that took the two down 
the hill a ways before anyone could react.
	"We've got to help her!"  Sasami yelled but Ryoko caught her by the 
shoulder.
	"No, we've got to get in there and stop that creature while he's occupied.  
We're running out of time."
	"Tenchi?"  Sasami looked at him hopefully.
	"I'm afraid she's right, Sasami.  Zero should be able to take care of 
herself."
	"But-"  Sasami stopped and looked down with a nod.  "Alright...  Let's 
go."
	The turned and charged into the cave, Ryoko only pausing a moment to 
grapple with her fears.  The darkness within was more than oppressive, it was 
suffocating.  It was as if there was some force pressing on each side of them, 
stifling their breathing and keeping them from moving much quicker than a stiff 
jog.  
	"How can it be causing this?"  Sasami asked as she struggled to continue 
forward.
	"It's most powerful here... where it was born."  Ryoko replied.
	"How... how can we possibly fight this?"  Sasami felt a wave of despair 
coming over her.  She didn't feel so strong all of a sudden... until she felt 
the light.  
	It wasn't bright, not at first.  It built up from her wrist and was only a 
sensation at first, building up her strength to move before finally piercing the 
black of the tunnel.  As the shadows recessed so did the power pushing against 
them and they were able to proceed unhindered.
	"That's how we'll fight it, Sasami."  Tenchi patted her shoulder.  "It's 
all about believing we can."
	"Please."  Ryoko gave him a wry look.  "It's all about the skill I'm going 
to demonstrate to this shadowy son of a bitch when I cut him into six different 
pieces."
	"Well, there's that too."  Tenchi grinned to himself, glad that she was 
able to adopt an attitude even if it was mostly contrived.  
	The layout of the cave was different than Tenchi remembered from his last 
encounter.  It didn't slope down and there were no landmarks that he could name.  
Perhaps it was changing things to fit its own idea of how the universe would 
look when it took over.  There was little time for speculation though it eased 
his mind to try and explain his sudden feeling of being lost.  "Do you know 
where we are, Ryoko?"  He asked cautiously, almost afraid of the answer.
	"Yes."  She answered flatly.  At the same instant she spoke, Sasami and 
Tenchi understood what she meant.  Not twenty meters in front of them was the 
center of the cave and the source of the power.  
The creature throbbed in the center like a heart formed of shadow, collecting 
energy from Ryoko's physical form and using it to seize control of both worlds.  
It wasn't clear how they saw into the chamber-especially since the creature sat 
amongst a flat background of pure darkness and still managed to stick out as a 
black spot against it.  
Ryoko let her sword form and took a step forward but Sasami took her arm.  "No, 
Ryoko!  You can't defeat it like that."  
	"What are you talking about?"  Ryoko glanced back at her.  "We don't have 
time for this, Sasami."
	"You can't hurt it with that.  We have to find... another way!"
	"Well, I'm open to suggestions.  Times running out!"
	"Let me try the lighthawk wings!"  Tenchi cried, hurrying forward.
	He closed his eyes, drawing strength from his inner spirit and 
concentrating on manifesting it in the purity of his birthright.  A quivering 
started in his feet and built to trembling as he found himself unable to find 
the energy.  He tried harder, focusing all of his attention until a scream 
escaped him and he dropped to his knees.  
	"Tenchi!"  Sasami and Ryoko yelled together, hurrying to his side to pull 
him back.  
	"What happened?"  Ryoko asked.
	"I'm not sure."  Tenchi shrugged.  "I couldn't form the lighthawk 
wings..."
	"I think that's enough, Space Pirate."  A voice cried from the darkness 
and a blast erupted from a pistol.  Ryoko dodged aside, the blast disappearing 
into the creature's chamber.  
	"Who now?"  She asked, waiting patiently for the next attack to come.
	"GP.  You're under arrest."
	"Nice way to identify yourself."
	"You leave her alone!"  Sasami yelled at him.  "Back off!  We're in the 
middle of something very important here!"
	"You've got some interesting partners now, Ryoko.  You're all under 
arrest."
At that moment, a rumbling pulled all of their attentions toward the creature as 
it moved into the tunnel, laughing a horrible sound like a million souls crying 
out in agony at once.  "Ryoko!"  The cacophony sounded joyous.  "I'm so glad you 
could make it.  Much easier to deal with the remains of your consciousness if 
you're right here..."
	"No!"  Ryoko yelled at it, taking a step forward.  "I'm ready for you!"
	"Then let us get this over with, shall we?"  It advanced and she stood her 
ground, staring at it intently.  Closer, and closer Tenchi and Sasami exchanged 
a confused glance, unaware of what to do.  
	Inches a part, Ryoko looked into the obsidian eyes and smiled.  "It ends 
now."  Her voice was quiet, calm... unlike anything anyone had ever heard from 
her before.
	"You're correct."  The voices said.  "For the place you once called 
'reality'."
	They touched, a spark of gray erupting at the point of contact as the two 
screamed out in surprise and pain.  Tenchi took a step forward but didn't know 
what he could do.  They seemed to be merging but there was a conflict... perhaps 
to see which would control the other...  
	"I can help her, Tenchi!"  Sasami yelled.  "I can stop this!"
	A blast erupted from the GP officer and Sasami cried out in pain as the 
blast exited through her shoulder.  "Wha--?"  Tenchi gasped, leaping through the 
air to pommel the man with two swift punches to the head, cracking him to 
unconsciousness.  "Sasami,"  He knelt beside her.  "Are you alright?"
	"Tenchi-"  She swallowed.  "We... have to... give her... our... power...  
We have... to help her... control..."
	"How?!"  Tenchi looked up at Ryoko then to Sasami.
	"It's... up to... you... now..."  Sasami collapsed to unconsciousness and 
Tenchi pushed up with a sigh. 
	"What do I do?"  He asked himself, advancing slowly, looking at Ryoko with 
concern.  She seemed to be losing the battle though it was hard to tell with 
both of them swirling around as they were.  
	Something struck him at that instance, something hard to define... a 
feeling?  Maybe more...  He knew what to do... As he gazed at Ryoko, a 
tenderness touched his heart but it had strength, almost a physical 
manifestation in his heart.  It filled his limbs and surety lifted his spirits.  
	"Ryoko!"  He called, plunging into the shadow to take her in his arms.  
"Ryoko, I love you!"  He felt suddenly frantic and he placed a hand on either 
cheek.  Gently, he pressed his lips against hers. 
	Weightlessness overtook him and they were spinning... spiraling downward 
to some unknown destination... He didn't care.  Pressed against her like that, 
he felt more at home than he had his whole life as though everything in his mind 
became clear.  Questions, concerns, all were stayed in the beating of a 
moment...  He heard Ryoko's voice in his mind, a shadow of a whisper.
"I love you too, Tenchi..."

*	*	*

	Zero hopped back and paused in the attack to grin at Kagato.  "Seems you 
lose." 
	"If I lose, we both lose... You and I are from the same place, Zero."
	Zero shrugged.  "What must be done must be done..."
	"Not exactly what I'd expect from one of your reputation."
	"I should say the same about you... You're not nearly as impressive as I 
remember.  Your reputation greatly exceeds your abilities."
	Kagato snuffed at the remark and shrugged.  "I was going easy on a 
potential ally."
	"Then you were wasting your time."
	"Was I?  I would figure that you and I would have so much in common."
	"Did you make so many mistakes when you weren't the figment of Ryoko's 
dream world?"
	"If you don't ally with me, then I'll have to destroy you."
	"If that means I don't have bear your ego anymore, then please do it."
	"You're making a terrible mistake."
	"Are you afraid of me, is that why you're stalling?"  Zero chuckled.  "You 
realize that with each passing moment, your existence is not only threatened but 
slowly cast into the darkness from where it came?  Before you finish your 
negotiation with me, we'll both be dead."
	"It doesn't have to be that way."  Kagato paused then chuckled.  "But you 
seem determined..."  Zero tried to dodge an attack she was sure would come but 
Kagato managed to anticipate her move. 
	His blade plunged through her stomach, pinning her to a tree as he looked 
into her eyes.  "Not all negotiations are sought to come to a peaceful 
conclusion."  She looked down at him with surprise, unable to breath.  Her legs 
were numb, her fingers tingling with the lack of sensation.  'Inhale, girl...'  
She told herself but her body wouldn't respond.  Darkness closed at the edges of 
her vision and she managed a defiant stare into Kagato's face before passing 
into oblivion...  Her last thoughts drifted away like an echo in a dream 'I hope 
I bought them enough time...'

*	*	*

	"Washu!  What's happening!?"  Ayeka pointed at the gauge that was going 
crazy, indicating the stability of Ryoko's dream dimension.  
	"Either they are succeeding or we're about to be assimilated by the new 
universe, I can't tell which."
	"Ryoko isn't looking well."  Ayeka motioned.  "Her vital signs are the 
lowest I've seen them yet."
	"She'll come through if it's at all possible, Ayeka."  Washu frowned.  
"She has to."
	"Oh no."  Ayeka's voice was hardly above a whisper.  "Washu..."
	Washu followed her gaze and gasped.  Ryoko's life readings were gone.  It 
was over.

*	*	*

	Screams echoed across the mountain, shaking the trees and terrifying 
anything alive to flee.  A culture... no, an entire collection of creatures 
cried out their agony and fear.  There was a subtle undertone to the event, 
something that touched the fabric of creation and shook it to the core.  
	As the ground began to Quake, Kagato sighed and rolled his eyes.  "Perhaps 
I underestimate you, Ryoko."  He proceeded quietly into the cave, his body tense 
for action.
	Seams of light were tearing through the rock walls, the glow of some light 
that was more pure than the sunlight beaming through.  He paid no attention, 
somehow instinctively knowing where he was heading.  
	He paused to kneel next to Sasami and checked for a life sign.  She was 
still breathing but a wound in her shoulder was still bleeding.  "Kagato?!  
Freeze!"  a frantic voice yelled from the darkness behind him.
	"Amusing."  Kagato shook his head and thrust his hand toward the GP 
officer, a green ball exploding from the tips of his fingers.  The attack struck 
the man dead center, vaulting him back and onto the floor with a strangled cry.  
He struggled against the pain for all of a half minute before he finally let out 
a final exhale to death.  
	"Now,"  Kagato looked around.  "To find the other two..."
	"It won't help you, Kagato."  He turned to see a stunning young woman 
standing just on the edge of darkness, her appearance much like Sasami's.  She 
was dressed as Jurai royalty and for a moment, he thought he recognized her.
	"And you are?"
	"I'm here to stop you."  She paced toward him.  "You can't undo what is 
being done.  You're a shadow in the wake of light and soon you'll be no more."
	"That's fascinating but how am I to know that you're no different?"
She extended her hand and a blue glow emitted from her palm.  "I am Tsunami."  
Her voice was low and dangerous.  	"While my powers were unable to help Ryoko, 
they are more than adequate to deal with you."
	"Perhaps."  Kagato formed his sword and held it defensively.  "But 
something tells me that you aren't all that you appear.  In fact, I wouldn't be 
surprised if you're nothing more than a manifestation of the nightmare's 
passing.  When it's gone, I'll take its place and with the power of this 
universe as my own, I'll control creation itself.  You're a phantom to me."
	"Phantom or not,"  Sasami was standing, blood covering her torso as she 
struggled to maintain her footing.  "We're still more than a match for you."
	"Wha--?"  He started but the blue light snaked out and surrounded him, 
tearing his life force away and trapping it to the rocks.  He cried out, trying 
to swipe his sword at Sasami but the blade was gone as were his powers.  Slowly, 
he fell to his knees and his senses darkened.  "It... can't... end like... 
this..."  He muttered, blood welling in his mouth.
	"It did."  Sasami wheezed, dropping to her knees from nausea and vertigo.  
"Did... did they succeed, Tsunami?"
	"There's no way to know yet, Sasami..."
	The room trembled again and light exploded in as part of the roof 
disappeared.  A figure started toward them from the lair of the nightmare 
carrying another.  "Tenchi!"  Sasami cried.  "You're alright!"
	"I think we succeeded."  He said, setting down Ryoko.  "But I couldn't 
communicate with Washu."
	"We have to breach the barrier."  Tsunami approached him, placing her 
hands against his.  "You can do it with the master key... I'll help."
	Tenchi nodded, holding the key out for her to hold.  He began to 
concentrate, visualizing... Ayeka.  She was the first person to come to mind.  
There was a warmth to the thought, something about her that he could identify 
with.  Perhaps it was the fact that they were related.  He wasn't sure but 
something within him brought hope to the attempt.
	A moment of silence followed.  A cold feeling clasped his heart and he 
felt her presence.  "Ayeka?"  He asked hopefully.
	"Lord Tenchi!"  She cried in response.  "What's happening?  We thought you 
were gone!!"
	"No, but we will be if we don't get some help soon."  Tenchi paused.  
"We've got Ryoko with us and we're ready to come back."
	"I'll tell Washu and we'll get you back.  Hang tight!"  Contact was broken 
and Tenchi slumped against the wall.  
	"I reached her.  They're going to pull us through."
	"Good, Sasami needs medical attention as soon as possible."
	Tenchi glanced at the young girl and frowned.  He pulled her to him and 
crouched beside Ryoko, clasping her around the waist.  "Wish us luck, Tsunami."  
He remarked as the woman disappeared into the shadows.
	"You hardly need it."  Her voice echoed as she winked out.
	The cave was shattering, blocks of rock disappearing faster than the light 
could take their place.  Tenchi could barely maintain the crouched stance he 
held as the room quaked violently.  It would be gone soon-the manifestation of 
the dream nothing more than a foggy moment after waking up.  
	In a way, it made him sad.  A whole world was collapsing to emptiness, 
even if it wasn't necessarily real, it seemed a tragedy.  Of course, the 
philosophical individual might argue that reality is in the mind and what has 
shape has reality.  Academic... What was happening?  He felt nauseous...  Red 
light had surrounded them and he felt weightless as the world disappeared around 
them...

