SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES - (PROLOGUE)
---------------------------------------------------------

Operative A sighed as he watched the events unfolding on the
planet Earth. He had been dead for twenty nine years now. Ever
since he had made the foolish mistake of trying to fight Kain by
himself.

"Your time has finally come." An angel told him. "Soon, you will
be back on Earth. However, because you have demonstrated that you
cannot handle a humanoid life, you shall return as a lesser
lifeform."

"What do you mean a lesser lifeform?" The late Operative A
wanted to know.

"You'll see." The angel smiled as she touched his forehead with
her finger.

Operative A's soul vanished from the heavens.

***

Ryo-ohki paced around the egg, nosing it every so often.

"Miya?" She inquired as it finally started to move.

The egg finally broke open. From within, a chestnut and white
cabbit, about half the size of Ryo-ohki, emerged. However, part
of the egg got stuck around the little cabbit's head.

Ryo-ohki grabbed the egg with her forepaws and pulled it off the
little cabbit. Then she began to lickgroom the tiny cabbit.

The tiny cabbit's eyes finally opened.

"Miya?" He asked.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 1)
-----------------------------------------

Miya?

The little cabbit blinked uncertainly. Something was definitely
amiss here. He tried to hop off to find a mirror. No such luck,
however. Ryo-ohki had him pinned down and was giving him a bath.

He put his chin on his paws and ...

paws?

//Oh no!// he thought as realization dawned on him. //I can't
be...//

Ryo-ohki was lickgrooming herself now, so he was able to slip
away.

He hopped toward the mirror, having a bit of difficulty since he
was, after all, only a baby cabbit.

He looked in the mirror.

//NO!!!// he thought.

All that came out was, of course, "Miya!!!"

Ryo-ohki hopped up behind him. She gripped him by the scruff of
his neck and carried him back over to their little bed.

Ryo-ohki placed her baby on their bed, then snuggled up next to
him and draped her ear over him like a blanket.

The little cabbit sighed inwardly, and drifted off to sleep.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 2)
-----------------------------------------

"Oh, he's so cute!" Sasami gushed as she saw the baby cabbit for
the first time.

The baby cabbit opened his eyes and looked up at Sasami.
//Tell them I'm alive.// he wanted to tell her.  //Tell the
Galaxy Police I'm here!//

But all he could actually say was:
"Miya! Miya miya miya!!"

Which, needless to say, fell just a tad short of the mark.

It also was entirely misunderstood as cries of hunger from
Ryo-ohki who nudged a carrot at him.

Mihoshi walked in and spotted him as he was examining the
carrot.

//Oh no....// he groaned inwardly. He moved quickly, but
clumsily, putting Ryo-ohki between himself and Mihoshi.

"He's adorable." Mihoshi sulked. "But why is he afraid of me?"

"Maybe he's got a brain?" Ryoko pondered from where she'd been
sitting for the last several minutes. She reached down and picked
up the tiny cabbit.

"Miya?" The cabbit asked her.

Ryoko kissed the cabbit on the tip of his nose. "Oh, you poor
thing. Washu hasn't even given you a name, has she?"

"Miya." The cabbit replied.

"Well, let me think." She looked him over. "Well, you kinda
remind me of this guy I met in 1970. Probably just the color of
your fur. But just in case you are him come back to life. I'm
gonna give you a name that I know would really annoy him."

"Miya?" The cabbit asked.

Ryoko grinned wickedly.

"Hello, Fluffy." She told him.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 3)

The household were all watching TV.

Ryo-ohki was keeping an eye on her baby while they sat together
on the sofa. Every now and then, Fluffy would get too close to
the edge of the sofa. Ryo-ohki would then grab the scruff of his
neck and pull him back to safety.

"Are we going to keep him here?" Sasami asked hopefully. "When
he's grown up, I mean?"

"No, he'll have to live somewhere else." Washu replied. "We don't
have enough carrots for two cabbits."

"So, have you picked out someone to take care of him?" Ryoko
asked.

Washu smiled and went back to watching television.

The doorbell rang.

Fluffy looked up at Washu.

"Yes, dear." Washu told him. "I believe that is the person who's
going to look after you."

Fluffy scrambled down off the couch and hopped to the door.

Washu opened the door.

"Mihoshi," she said, scooping up the small cabbit before he could
run off, "here you go. I want to thank you and Kiyone for looking
after this little guy."

"Oh, you're so adorable. Yes you are." Mihoshi told Fluffy as she
tickled his nose.

//This is *not* happening to me!// Fluffy thought as Mihoshi
carried him home.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 4)
----------------------------------------

Kiyone looked up as Mihoshi walked in from out of the rain. She
was carrying a thoroughly soaked cabbit in her arms.

"Mihoshi!" She wailed. "We can barely keep ourselves clothed and
fed and you bring home a pet."

"Washu asked me to take care of him. He needs a home." She
looked up at Kiyone with her big blue eyes. There were tears
brimming in those eyes. It was clear that she'd become attached
to the little animal. If Kiyone took him away or made Mihoshi
give him back...

"Okay." She gave in, reluctantly.

"Yay!" Mihoshi cheered, jumping around in a circle while hugging
the little cabbit. "You hear that? You can stay. Now, let's get
you dried off." She put the little cabbit down and walked out of
the room.

Fluffy shooks the water from his fur."Miya."

//This is a nightmare.// The little cabbit thought. //It has to
be. I'm still in 1970. Kain didn't kill me. And I'm most
definitely *not* a cabbit.//

Of course that was mere wishful thinking. He wasn't in 1970. Kain
*had* killed him, rather gruesomely. And he most definitely *was*
a cabbit.

At the moment he was a very wet cabbit. He sat there on the floor
with his fur dripping.

Mihoshi returned with a towel. She wrapped it around the little
cabbit and carefully dried him off.

//Maybe Mihoshi's not so bad after all.// he thought.  //At least
she's compassionate.//

Mihoshi kissed Fluffy on the nose. "There you are." She said.
"All better."

"At least you didn't bring a puppy or a kitten home." Kiyone
remarked as they ate dinner. "A cabbit will be less expensive."

"Because they only eat carrots, right?"

"No." Kiyone replied. "Well, yes, that, too. But I was just
thinking, since there are only three cabbits and we know where
the only female is..." She sipped her tea.

"Huh?" Mihoshi asked.

"Well, we won't have trouble keeping them apart when we have to.
In other words, we don't have to get him fixed."

Kiyone could've sworn she heard the little cabbit breathe a sigh
of relief.

Fluffy hopped over to Kiyone and pawed her ankle. When she
looked down, he looked back up at her and miya'ed plaintively.

"Hungry?" Kiyone asked.

"Miya!"

"Mihoshi..." Kiyone requested.

Mihoshi went to the kitchen. She reached in to grab the carrots.
The edge of the bag was caught on the back of the shelf. She
pulled, expecting the bag to simply tear away. Instead it pulled
the entire shelf out. Everything that been on that shelf,
leftover soup and eggs included, crashed to the kitchen floor in
a huge mess.

Mihoshi took one look at it and began to cry.

Fluffy and Kiyone hurried into the kitchen.

"MIHOSHI!" Kiyone screamed. They'd worked hard for that food and
now that idiot had ruined it all.

"I'm sorry, Kiyone!" Mihoshi sobbed. "I can't do anything
right!"

//If I don't do something, she'll be wailing all night and I'll
never get any sleep.// Fluffy thought.

The little cabbit hopped over to Mihoshi, and began nuzzling her
leg, comfortingly.

//I can't believe I'm doing this.// He thought to himself.

SOMETHING KAWAII THIS WAY COMES (PART 5)
--------------------------------

"I'm sorry, Mihoshi." Kiyone apologized. "I was just upset
because I was planning to make a special dinner tonight and some
of the stuff I needed for it was on that shelf."

"We could go buy more."

"Not until our next paycheck." Kiyone explained. "We can have
something else tonight and have the special dinner another time,
though."

"Okay." Mihoshi replied. "I'm sorry I ruined your dinner."

Fluffy miya'ed at the mention of the word dinner.

"I'm sorry." Mihoshi told him, handing him a carrot. "There you
go. I almost forgot to feed you."

"Mihoshi, why don't you let him outside so you don't trip over
him while we clean up the kitchen?"

"Come on, Fluffy." Mihoshi told him, as she opened the door.

It had stopped raining so the little cabbit hopped out the door.

Fluffy hopped down the street. He wanted desperately to find a
radio station. He wanted to let the Galaxy Police know where he
was. However, all his attempts at asking directions, were misread
by passers-by as adorable attempts to beg for treats or
attention.

He even tried to demonstrate his police-affiliation by leaning on
a police officer's leg and miya'ing up at her.

The cop picked up the unique (from the cop's point of view)
animal and scritched him under the skin.

"Are you lost, little fellow?" She asked. "You poor dear.
Here, let me give you some food."

After getting food, Fluffy hopped off.

***

"There," Kiyone smiled in satisfaction at the kitchen. "all done.
You go get Fluffy and I'll make dinner."

"Okay." Mihoshi went out to find Fluffy.

With the mess out of the way, Kiyone began preparing a meal for
herself and Mihoshi.

***

Fluffy hopped as fast as he could, trying to get away from the
two men with the nets who were chasing him.

"Miya! Miya!" he complained. He didn't know if they were from a
lab or the pound. Since both of these possibilities were equally
bad, he didn't stop to find out.

"We've got him." One of the men told the other. "He's not going
to hop over a 24 foot gorge."

As he hopped toward the gorge, Fluffy tried to work out an
escape plan. To dart either way would only buy him a few more
seconds of freedom. It seemed entirely futile.

Then he remembered he was a cabbit.

The men reached out with their nets.

The little cabbit leaped, barely avoiding both, and began
tumbling in mid-air.

The two men watched as a startling transformation took place. The
tiny ... bunny? ... kitty?... it was cute whatever it was...
turned into a very large and foreboding space ship.

The spaceship rose up and flew off.

They couldn't be sure, but the two men could've sworn it was
laughing at them.

***

//Hmmm.// Fluffy thought to himself. //This gives me an idea.//
Flying up into space, he flew directly toward Galaxy Police HQ.

[[Pirate vessel.]] A Galaxy Police Operative Second Class
challenged him as he arrived. [[You are violating Police Space.
Please withdraw your vehicle from this area.]]

{{I am not a pirate vessel.}} He transmitted from his own ship's
computer to the GP ship's computer. {{I am Operative A.}}

Fluffy could have sworn that the other Operative was holding back
tears when he spoke again.

[[You are not Operative A.]] He accused. [[How dare you attempt
to pretend to be him. I won't permit you to sully his name with
your slanderous lies!]]

//Sully?// Fluffy wondered. //Does anyone even use that word
anymore besides this guy?//

"Miya!" the cabbit ship protested as the SCO openned fire on him.
He considered returning fire, but to do that would be to prove he
was indeed a criminal. Instead, he fled back to Earth.

***

"Fluffy!!!" Mihoshi called, slumping down to the steps of her
apartment. She put her face in her hands. "Why did he run away?
He's all alone in that big world. I don't... I ...

"Miya?" Fluffy asked as he hopped up the path to her.

"Fluffy!!" Mihoshi cried out. She put out her arms and the
little cabbit hopped right into them. "Good boy!" She laughed as
she petted and hugged him.

"Miya." Fluffy replied.

Mihoshi stood up and carried him back inside.

(The End...?)
