-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Part 1
Son of Ryoko
Hello Kanjiohki and Kanji
By: Chibi Kanji
Chibi Kanji: "PLEASE PLEASE DON'T SUE ME! I PROMISE I WONT PUBLISH IT INTO
THE REAL WORLD JUST PLEASE DONT SUE ME!
Copyght. Kanji Inc.

-It has been fifteen years since Ryoko left Kanji to work at the Masaki
shrine. She left to fight Nagi. Washu takes care of Kanji like her own
child. Kanji is about the same visual age as sasami. He has black shiny hair
that covers one eye. It is particulary spiky. He wheres a loose green long
sleeve shirt with a black stripe down the breast. He also wheres black
trousers.-

Kanji brushes the shrine diligently. The dust swirls away into the air. He
catches himself thinking about his mother. Washu sneaks up behind him.

"Hello wittle boy how are you?" Washu says in a babyish voice pinching his
shoulder.

"AHHH!" Kanji jumps. “Grandma you scared me! And I am not a baby!”

“Sorry…” Washu chuckled. “I just wanted to check on you. And I have a
present.”

“What What?” Kanji said excitedly.

“Taa Daa!” Washu opened a portal and out came a small brown cabbit.
“Kanji-ohki your very own pet.”

“Wow cool! What do I feed him?” Kanji asked.

“Carrots of course!” Washu said pointing to the field where Tenchi was
working.

-Oh yes, Tenchi has NOT aged, I decided since he was part jurian he would be
like the others.-

“Hmmm. I think I have one.” Kanji said reaching into his trousers.
“Eureeka!”

        Kanji kneels down and hands Kanjohki the carrot. The small cabbit
sniffs at
it and starts to take a bite.

“MEOW!” Kanjiohki purrs excitedly and attacks the carrot.

“Wow…” Kanji says looking at the carnage.

        After devouring the carrot Kanjiohki jumps up to Kanji’s shoulder.

“Well, Grandma I’m done with my chore. I’m going to play with Sasami.” Kanji
announces to Washu.

“Ok have fun.” Washu says opinening the door to her lab.

        Kanji telaports out of the scene to the lake. Sasami is playing tag
with
Azaka and Kamadake. Kanji flies over to her. Sasami looks at Kanji and
smiles. She sees Kanjiohki and her eyes widen even more.

-The robot Azaka and Kamadake, not the real ones, although they are in the
story.-

“A cabbit!” She yells.

“Meow” Kanjiohki says tilting his head.

“His name is Kanjiohki.” Kanji says looking towards Azaka and Kamadake.

        Sasami doesn’t answer she just grabs Kanjiohki and runs off with
him.

“Hmmm. So you guys want to train?” Kanji asks the two soldiers.

“Yes sir!” Both say simeltainiously.

“Okay get ready!” Kanji says manipulating his energy into a staff. (Wich is
leke Ryoko’s sword only double sided.)

        Kanji floats into the air and darts towards Azaka. Kamadake fires a
laser
but Kanji telports behind Kamadake and stuns him with the staff. Azaka
floats up int the air and fires three lasers. Kanji dodges two but one hits
his arm making his staff into a sword. Kanji telaports to the right of
Kamadake and fires a laser. Kamadake falls to the ground. Azaka is back up.
Kanji darts down and slashes at Azaka. A forcefeild blocks it.

“COWARD!” Kanji yells.

        Kanji charges up a laser in his palm. Kamadake gets up and joins
Azaka to
streghnthen the force field. Kanji fires, both Azaka and Kamadake are
stunned.

“Good job sir. Your mother would be proud.” Azaka says.

“Do not speak of my mother it brings sad memories.” Kanji says turning away.

“Sorry sir.” Azaka says. “I suggest you train until you can fire a laser
that powerful without charging that long.”

“Okay.” Kanji says getting ready to fight again.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
