                                         Songs of A Despairing Warrior
                                          Episode 1:No Need for death
                                             By Locke Gilderthorn

Author's Note: All Tenchi Universe characters belong to their
repesctable companies. System of a Down and Metallica, and their songs
are not stolen titles, so don't tell anybody...I'm making no Gil off of
this, so with my sheild of Legal Immunity, I shall stay financially
sound. Yay! Eric Hanely is my character, though. Any use of him without
permission will end in something involving a plunger, a daffodil, and
some axle grease. Believe me-it AIN'T pretty.

Eric Hanely had listened to "Ain't My Bitch" for the millionth time when
he finally reached Okinowa. Hard rock had been his proffession, but
swords were his life. Just twelve miles to Okinowa, he thought as James
Hetfeild shouted the final "Outta My Way, Outta My Day" refrain in his
headphones.

"2x4" began playing as he read the sign that said he was on the
outskirts of his destination.

The street signs were in Japanese, but Eric read them as easily as he
would English. He just turned a corner when he saw a guy about his age
about to be hit by a moving van.
"Holy shit...Dude Look out!" Eric shouted in English. The dark haired
young man turned around just in time to see Eric tackle him out of the
way of the van's path.

"The House that Jack Built" started. Eric shut of his CD player abruptly
and inspected the man he had saved.
"Are you okay? Dude you coulda been roadpizza if not for me."
But the other boy just stared at him.
"Oh, right. English..." Eric said, and switched languages.
"Are you all right?"
"Of course, Thanks for saving me, man."
"No problem, but please, pay more attention to what's happening. Name's
Eric. Hanely." He said
"Tenchi Masaki." The other replied.
They shook hands.
"You're American." Tenchi stated more than asked.
"Yeah. I'm here on sort of vacation/schooling away time from my family."
Eric said.
"I know what you mean. My family's pretty loopy, too."
They both laughed.
"Dude, you wanna go get a bite?" "
"Sure. Uh. Where do you want to go?" Tenchi asked nervously.
"Anyplace'll do as long as their food's hot and they have green tea."
Eric replied.
"Cool, I know this great place on CherryGrove Street, if you're not too
tired." Tenchi offered.
"Lead the way. I just got here. I don't know were anything is." Eric
admitted.

"Ladies, Dad, this is Eric, from America. He saved me from being run
over today." Tenchi said as they entered his home.
"You weren't hurt, were you, Lord Tenchi?" A girl with long purple hair
asked him, concerned.
"This is Ayeka. And no, I'm fine." Tenchi said, sorry to have said
anything at all on the subject.
"Wow, Tenchi, You sure know how to pick your friends, hey?"
A woman with blue/grey hair flirted.
"This...is Ryoko-"
"I'm Tenchi's close, personal friend..."  She interupted him before he
could warn Erin.
"As I was SAYING, Ryoko, The others are Mihoshi, Kiyone, Sasami, Yosho,
My Dad, and Washu's in her lab." Tenchi introduced.
"Uh-huh." Eric grunted, and nodded to the women and Tenchi's father.
"Is he staying for dinner?" Sasami asked.
"Actually, he's staying for a month or two." Tenchi admitted.
"Oh, good!" Mihoshi squeeled gleefully. "Another man around!"
"Man, you weren't kidding when you said your family was loopy." Eric
said.
"Ix-nay on the oopy-lay." Tenchi said through clenched teeth.
"WHAAAAAAATTT?!" All the women shouted.
"Uh, I don't know what he's talking about. Hehheh." Tenchi laughed
nervously. And they profusely chased him around waving frying pans.

                                                        ____________

Eric was fortunate enough to get a separate room. He unrolled his
sleeping bag and lay down on it, looking at the ceiling. He abruptly sat
up and unlocked his electric guitar case, plugged in the amp, and tuned
the strings. He played a few bars from System of a Down's "Spider",
then, Metallica's "Momma Said" he did not hear anyone lightly rap at the
door to his room. He did not see Ayeka stare at him, wondering what
instrument was he was playing, and what song he was playing on it. She
couldn't understand the words he sang, for he said them in English.
"-but blood stains red today..."
"*Ahem*" Ayeka coughed.
Eric stopped playing and turned around.
"What was that-" She began to ask.
"Metallica." Eric answered interuptedly.
"I'm afraid I've never heard of it." She said
"It's a very poular American band. They focus on angst, unhonorable acts
against morality, and are generally against oppression." Eric said.
"That song, it sounded...unnerving."
"That was 'Ronnie', off the album called 'LOAD'. There are more
down-beat songs by them I think you'd like. Listen to this one:"
Eric closed his eyes.

                                        "Mama thay try and break me,
                                        The window burns to light the way
back home
                                        The light there warms, no matter
where they've
gone.
They're off to find the hreo of the day,
                                        But what if they should fall by
someone's wicked                                                        way?
Still
the window burns, Time so slowly
turns,
                                        Someone there is sighing.
                                        Keepers of the Flames, Can't you
hear your names,
                                        Did you Hear your babies crying?
                                        Mama, they try and break me,
                                        Still they try and break me.
                                        'Scuse me while I tend to how I
feel,
                                        These things return to me that still
seem real.
                                        Now deservingly, this easy chair,
                                        But the rocking stopped by wheels of
despair.
                                        Don't want your aid.
                                        But this fist I've made,
                                        For years can't hold or feel.
                                        No, not on Me,
                                        So please excuse me while I tend to
how I feel.
                                        But now the dreams and waking sreams
that
                                        everlast the night.
                                        Come build a wall,
                                        Behind it crawl,
                                        And hide until it's light.
                                        So can't you hear your babies crying
now?
                                        Still the window burns,
                                        Time so slowly turns.
                                        Someone there is sighing.
                                        Keepers of the flames,
                                        Can't you hear your names?
                                        Can't you hear your babies crying?
                                        But now the dreams and waking sreams
that
                                        everlast the night.
                                        Come build a wall,
                                        Behind it crawl,
                                        And hide until it's light.
                                        So can't you hear your babies crying
now?
                                        Mama they try and break me,
                                        Mama they try and break me,
                                        Mama they try and break me,
                                        Mama they try,
                                        Mama they try,
                                        Mama they try and break me,
                                        Mama they try and break me,
                                        Mama they try and break me,
                                        Mama they try,
                                        Mama they try.*
                                        *"Hero of the Day"-Metallica

After the final chord, Eric opened his eyes again, to see Ayeka teary
eyed herself. Her bottom lip quivering, she wailed to Eric:
"That was the most beautiful thing I've ever heard!!!" And sprung
forward to hug Eric. His cornflower blue eyes met her lavender purple.
They leaned close...
"Hey guys!" Ryoko shouted. "What all the racket up here?"
Ayeka quickly jumped up, off of Eric and said: "Haha. Just citiqueing
Eric on his singing."
Disbeleiving, Ryoko replies, "Whatever, Sasami says it's dinner time.
Come on you two, or I might just eat both of your deserts."
Eric stands up. Ayeka turns back to him and blinks longinly.
"Well," She says.
"Yeah." Eric replies.
They stare into each others eyes. Ayeka walks over, and kisses Eric on
the cheek.
Eric holds her.
Then ,they go downstairs to eat dinner.
