[Disclaimer]
Tenchi isn't mine.. I'm really not in the mood to write a funny disclaimer... my 
Author's Notes will tell you why....

A/N- Today, someone IM'ed me telling me how horrible my fic was.... and how I 
was a horrible person for putting Hotsuma and Ryoko together....  Please E-mail 
me, or IM me, telling me what you think... because that really brought me 
down...and I'm considering discontinueing the fic....

Song of My Heart: Pain

When Tenchi said that, Ryoko felt anger burning inside her, Hotsuma wasn't 
evil!! She knew it, she knew he had changed. Then Ryoko did something she would 
regret for the rest of her life, she slapped Tenchi.
Tenchi's hand shot up to his cheek, the slap stung, it felt like his cheek was 
burning, ryoko had slapped him! How dare she? At that moment, Tenchi was also 
overwhelmed by anger.
"Get out..." he said, icely, looking at Ryoko with the same cold as his voice.
"God Tenchi... I.. I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to, please forgive me.." Ryoko 
said, tears in her eyes.
"I said... Get Out." He said, his voice still icey. "My family took you in, and 
you repay them by this... yuo slap me because I told you the truth...."
"Tenchi I'm sorry!" Ryoko cried, her eyes overflowing with tears now.
"Get OUT!" He yelled.
"T...Tenchi...." Ryoko said sadly, then teleported away.

~*~

Ryoko walked sadly through the woods.  Tenchi had spoken to her so harshly.... 
she had never heard him talk like that before.  Tenchi hated her... she knew it, 
or atleast she thought it.  She suppossed she deserved this,  she has caused 
pain to Tenchi, something she promised she's never do, but then, he caused pain 
to her. Heart ripping pain, worse than anything anyone could phisically do to 
her. She broke into hysterical crying and fell to her knees.
"Why?!?" she yelled to the stars. "Tenchi hasn't chosen yet! I narrow down his 
choice and he hates me for it!!" She fell in a heep on the ground and sobbed as 
it began to rain.

~*~

Severall hours later at the Masaki house, Hotsuma sat by the window searching 
the storm outside for Ryoko.
"She's been gone for hours." said Kiyone quietly.
"Maybe Tenchi was a little hard on her... she was just following her heart... 
i'd be mad if someone called the man I love evil... and he's knows how Ryoko can 
get when she gets mad.." Said Mihoshi to Kiyone, as a loud boom of thunder shook 
the house.
{hmph, atleast now, Tenchi will be all mine...} Ayeka thought grinning to 
herself.
Sasami glanced out the window, and Yugi patted her on the shoulder.
"Don't worry... Ryoko is strong she'll be fine." Yugi said quietly.
"I hope your right Yugi..." Sasami said worriedly.
Then lighning struck, hitting the ground in the woods.

~*~

The lightning struck the ground near Ryoko, but, it didn't strike the ground it 
struck a tree.....
"huh?" Ryoko said quietly, turning around to see a tree falling twords her, she 
let out a cry of shock, then a cry of pain, when the tree fell ontop of her, 
knocking her uncontios.

~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-

A/N- wow... this one was hard to write, especially after my downcast from a very 
mean person.... thanks for reading, and again, Today, someone IM'ed me telling 
me how horrible my fic was.... and how I was a horrible person for putting 
Hotsuma and Ryoko together....  Please E-mail me, or IM me, telling me what you 
think... because that really brought me down...and I'm considering 
discontinueing the fic....
