Sonnets of Old
By Merlin (ohki-eden@tenchieden.com)

Disclaimer: All, and I mean *all* of these characters belong to AIC and
Pioneer. I am using them without permission. I have no money so suing isn't
an option I'm afraid.

Intro:
"Children.so innocent," Washu said to herself. She sat on a small bunk
inside a musty, old cabin staring out a window. Voices of children became
audible through the walls, and Washu picked Sasami's voice out of them. She
couldn't understand how young girls could harvest so much energy, even
though Washu was a girl herself.
        Sasami had been planning to go to the school's camp retreat for a
while, but when she found out nobody could accompany her, she was sorely
disappointed. Mihoshi was going to go with her, but had been called out last
minute for a Galaxy Police emergency. Ayeka said it was her duty as a
princess to stay home to watch over the house with Sasami gone, which
sounded to Washu like a pretty lame excuse, but they bought it. Ryoko, well,
no one really thought of asking Ryoko. Washu then was dragged in, despite
the rule that no technology was allowed
        She lay back on the crude sheets and mattress as the setting sun
played a pattern across the cabin wall. In a few minutes she knew the
campers would all sprint into the mess hall for dinner, and soon afterwards
be just as rambunctious. Then they would dance, listen to music, do
makeovers and other things young girls do. Washu had played a few of the
childish games, like the three-legged race, softball, etc. but grew tired of
it. Besides, adults bored her at times, so caught up in stupid things like
social status and what one woman thought of another's hair.
        Washu had been tempted to use her laptop to do a little research,
but Sasami insisted a break from science would do her some good. Washu
smiled remembering how tired Sasami was yesterday. She fell asleep right on
one of her friend's shoulder's with the stereo still blaring. Washu envied
Sasami, how she had a clean slate to write her years upon. Kagato had
tattered Washu's slate. She regretted her past, but realized there was
really nothing she could do to change it. But she wondered how she had come
to find Tenchi, how she had come to meat with Ayeka, Sasami, and of course,
coming back together with her daughter. Ryoko.

Chapter 1

"Grrr.I don't give a damn about how damn worried you and your damn parents
are about prestige and all that crap! He's my baby too!" she screamed.
"Washu, please be reasonable," came the reply from the blond headed man
across from her.
"R-r-reasonable?! You hypocrite! Look at yourself! You're going to leave me
just because I'm not good enough for you? Just because my past doesn't
exist, just because I can't remember any of it? Is the fact that I couldn't
explain who my parents were and when and where I was born to your dad good
enough reason to leave me?"
"Washu, please. It's not my decision."
"So it's your fathers decision!? You'd think someone like you could stand up
to an old man like your father. Does your father put into consideration how
mocked I will be at the Academy when you leave me just because I wasn't good
enough!?" Washu paused; out of breath and panting. Her husband said nothing;
all he did was frown.
"I'm sorry, Washu." He turned his back and walked off.
"No! Please wait!" Washu said, but her feet wouldn't move. All she could do
was stretch out her hand and grasp for thin air after her husband and son.
Tears welled in her eyes as she watched her husband carry her only child
off. Everything moved as if they were underwater. Washu stood there and
watched them disappear, gone forever.
"I lost them.I truly lost them." She fell to her knees, tears staining her
Academy robe. "I never want to have anything to do with adults again! So
concerned with social status. I'm never going to marry again, never even
going to fall in love again! I don't care what I have to do!"

~

        Washu sprinted down the corridors of the Royal Space Academy, her
mind a blur. She still couldn't comprehend not being able to be with her
son. She turned a corner and stumbled, her mind dull and numb with emotion.
Washu turned onto a darker hallway with only one door in it. This was where
she worked.
        "Naomi!"  Washu yelled as she burst through the door.
        "Y-yes, Washu?" the dark haired girl called out fumbling with her
glasses. Washu had caught her by surprise.
        "Start up the decelerator!"
        "B-but Washu, it's just a prototype."
        "I don't give a damn." Washu bent over leaning on a small counter
out of breath. Naomi took a good look at her roommate and saw small tears in
the corners of Washu's eyes. "Washu, is something wrong?" she asked. Washu
stood there, her head still racing. Finally she looked up and yelled, "Do it
now!"
        "Y-yes mam." Naomi fumbled with a few of the controls and finally a
small glass door to a tube opened. Overhead wires and machinery hung
powering the device. Someone first coming to Washu's lab would be amazed at
how much equipment could be crammed into one room. The Academy wouldn't get
Washu a larger lab because of her incident with the antimatter formula three
months earlier.
        Naomi looked awkwardly at a small screen. "Washu, I.I don't know if
we can reverse its effect afterwards."
        "I know that," came the reply. Washu clutched her necklace, like she
always did when she was nervous. That necklace was very peculiar, for it had
been around her neck ever since Washu could remember. It was made of a small
silver thread with three ruby-red gems strung onto it. It was very plain,
but Washu had never parted with it.
 Tears began to dry on her face. "Just start it up before I change my mind,"
she muttered. Slowly, and with pain it seemed, her heartbroken form entered
the glass cylinder.
        "Right." A single button was pressed and the glass door slammed
shut, hatches tightening. A generator began to hum picking up speed. Small
bolts of electricity lit up the piping that lead to the cylinder where Washu
awaited with her eyes closed. Naomi crossed her fingers. Slowly the energy
current reached the machinery above the tube, lighting several small
generators bright green. An eerie light filled the lab, as bolts of
electricity started to circle around Washu. She cringed, making a slight
moan. Suddenly the tube was filled with the same greenish energy as Washu
let out a petrifying scream. Naomi gasped when she heard her roommate cry.
Then several things happened at once: the generator stopped, the lights
flickered off all over the room, and the glass door slowly opened. A small
girl fell from the tube unconscious and enveloped in smoke. Naomi ran to her
and held up her head.
        "Washu, are you alright?" There was no response from the small girl.
Naomi chanced a smile when she realized that this thirteen hundred-year-old
woman appeared to be no more than a fourteen-year-old child. She carried
Washu slowly to her bunk in her room. They had separate rooms during the
summer
        "Why did Washu choose to be a guinea pig the day before classes
start?"

~

        A stream of light slowly crossed the room as the sun rose above the
windowsill. The beam continued to travel until resting on Washu, still
asleep. Naomi was lying on the floor also asleep. She didn't want to part
with her friend, so she slept there all night. Washu's hand flexed as her
eyes flickered open. She took in her surroundings and sat up. The desk in
front of the window was cluttered with charts and designs, most of which
would never be completed.
        Washu cautiously stepped over Naomi and walked into the bathroom.
After brushing her teeth slowly, she took a chance at a look in the mirror,
still forgetting about the past night. Her eyes widened as she saw her new
self for the first time. Washu put her hand to her face still unbelieving.
        "The decelerator worked pretty well, Washu," said a voice behind
her. She whirled around to see Naomi at the door. "I think you're somewhere
around fourteen years old."
        "Am.am I really that young?" she asked. Naomi nodded. "Then I guess
it worked," Washu said turning back to the mirror. Naomi nodded again. Washu
raised her index finger in the air. "Well of course it worked! I *am* the
greatest scientist in the universe!" Her roommate collapsed on the ground.
        The summer had seemed to flash by to the students, but nonetheless,
they managed to drag themselves to the opening dinner. Each class was
situated at one part of the huge assembly room, where they aligned
themselves in rows. Washu and Naomi were one of the first students in the
room, of course. Washu always insisted on being prompt. Before long, she
recognized another student approaching.
        "Well, hello Clay!" she said with a huge smile. "Or should I say
Doctor Clay after that impressive research last semester on translucent time
periods. But of course, you came in second to..what's wrong?" Dr. Clay was
starring dumbfounded at Washu.
        "W-w-washu? Is that you?" he said.
        "Oh yeah, my appearance. I forgot about that." Naomi let out a small
chuckle. Dr. Clay regained his posture and crossed his arms.
        "So I guess you got desperate for someone to test one of you
ludicrous experiments on. Well, Washu?"
        "Clay, could you please, I mean do you think you could call
me.Little Washu?" she asked. Dr. Clay lost all posture at this comment as
Naomi burst out in laughter.
        "Well.Little Washu," Dr. Clay finally said, "you won't beat me out
of first in the class this year!"
        "What makes you think that?" Before Dr. Clay could answer, the
Director stepped up to the pulpit and tapped on the mike silencing the
students. Washu hadn't realized the other seniors that had surrounded them.
She looked over to her right at the freshmen line seeing if she could
recognize any of the students. There were none she had seen or heard of
before.
        "I hear that guy has a real good potential," Naomi said pointing to
a tall freshman with grayish hair. He wore small glasses along and a toothed
smile. "They say he's crazy about power or something."
        "What's his name?" Washu asked.
        "Not sure. I just overheard someone talking about him. He had some
tangle with the galaxy police before. I don't know why he's here."
"Maybe they thought an extensive education would straiten him out."
"I sure hope so." The seniors were always bored at opening dinner, since all
the Director did was ramble on about how excited he was about the New Year.
Then he would explain to the freshmen all the rules of the Royal Space
Academy.
After the commentary was over, the students filed into the cafeteria where
an extravagant dinner was served, or at least they said it was extravagant.
Washu never really thought anything of it, but at least the freshmen seemed
to like it. A group of seniors began to approach Washu's table, a little
perplexed of her appearance, but still they had a smirk on their faces.
"Well, if it isn't the girl who wasn't good enough?" a blond headed girl
said. "So, what were his last words? 'Dirt is made for the ground'?" Washu
stood up, her fists tight.
"Why you little bitch! When I get my hands on you, Aurora, I'm gonna." Naomi
put a hand on her shoulder stopping her advance.
 "I guess you had to hide behind a child's face," Aurora said before walking
off, her group following her.
"Let her be, Washu." Whispered Naomi. They both sat back down and continued
to eat. Naomi noticed a small tear trickle off Washu's face. "Are you all
right?"
"I'll be fine," she replied taking a bite of some fish. She looked off to
her right drawn by something to see the man Naomi had mentioned at assembly
leaning against the wall staring back at her. He quickly faded backwards
when he found himself discovered. Washu shrugged it off and continued to
eat.

~

"In the year 1958, Dr. Kenatzu discovered the correlation of subspace," said
the professor. "The Galaxy Police are the prime users of this web of
dimensions..."
Washu sat in the front row with a broad smile. She loved to learn about new
theories, and she loved proving them too. Naomi sat across from her
scratching her head. Dr. Clay sat at the back of the room, imagining the
look on her face when they announced that Dr. Clay was the cum laude of the
class. A few minutes later, the bell rang and the students began to file out
of the Space Academy's room.
"Now remember, class, we'll be conducting basic procedures tomorrow. Uh,
don't forget your report!" she struggled to say as the final students left.
"I don't understand any of that," Naomi said. Washu frowned.
"It's quite simple really. All you have to do is understand that space time
and the constant of universal energy are proportional," she said. Naomi
still looked confused. Dr. Clay walked up behind the pair.
"Well Washu, that was quite an interesting class, wouldn't you say? I
noticed you failed to take any notes. Getting a little sloppy?" he asked.
"Notes? Who needs notes?" Dr. Clay facefaulted as the two continued on down
the hall. On their way, a freshman bumped into Washu. It was the one she had
noticed earlier.
"Oh, I'm quite sorry," he said with a toothed smile. Washu cocked her head.
"I've heard a lot about you, but I didn't catch your name."
"Oh, I'm quite flattered to be addressed by the famous Miss Washu. Please,
Mam, call me.Kagato," he replied right as the second bell rang. He sprinted
down the hall not to be late to his next class.
"He's kinda cute, don't you think Washu?"
"Cute!? He's probably older than I am!"

~

        The door creaked slowly on the hinges as the red haired child
slumped through the doorway after a long first day of classes. Naomi was
still in hydro engineering, so she was alone. Her book bag was heavy and
bursting at the seams from all the work she had planned on doing that night.
On top of her assigned homework, she already had a dozen ideas and
inventions she was ready to create and test.
        She started with the first one in her mind. Washu had been meaning
to pay Clay back for explaining that she had been holding a highly dangerous
and highly deadly concoction: the antimatter formula. She had then been
confined to a small lab and had been excused of her privilege of exemption
of the final exams. Washu was enraged.
        She laid out a large blank poster and began to design. Suddenly
Naomi opened the door and slumped onto her bunk. "That was a rough day, huh
Washu?"
        "It was a little more difficult than most first days. I guess that's
normal because we're seniors and all," Washu replied, her face dug into her
plan.
        "Yeah, your right.hey? What are you doing this time? Not another
crazy plan," Naomi said rolling her eyes.
        "Crazy? My inventions are never crazy! Dangerous, maybe, but never
crazy." Her pen flashed across the piece of paper. Washu was suddenly aware
of Naomi's head peeking over her shoulder. "You like it?" she asked.
        "Well.uh.what is it?" Naomi replied scratching her head. Washu put
her hands to her hips.
        "It's a spaceship of course. I have no idea how I'm going to
counteract this kind of weight in space, though. It will truly be my
greatest work."
        "Whatever you say, Little Washu. I guess I'll get the lab ready
tomorrow for construction."
        "That would be nice, thank you very much." Naomi paused and sat back
on the bed. She let out a large yawn and rested her head. Washu looked up.
"Don't you have any work to do?" but there was no reply. Naomi was fast
asleep.

~

        The bell rang and ended classes. It was already midway through the
month since they had begun, and already students were tired of the restless
work. Washu, however, had no trouble coping with it. She had long begun work
on her giant space-battleship. Naomi knew it was dangerous to construct such
a thing, but nonetheless, she cooperated with Washu. The junk and other
inventions had been removed from the lab and began filling the hall around
it. Academy monitors continually complained to Washu, but she seemed to do
nothing about it.
        Naomi slowly opened the door to the lab, having trouble because of
all the machinery. She saw Washu in front of a large, tube-like structure
typing away at her transparent laptop. Washu had invented the laptop about
two weeks ago, for it was crucial she maintained the energy balance of the
ship at all times, even though it was so small at that point. But it was
quickly filling up the small room.
        "I've got a big problem, Naomi," she said still punching buttons.
        "What's that Washu?"
        "I can't continue the construction of Soja any longer," she replied
with a grave face. "There just isn't any room. I've got to begin
construction of the outer shell immediately or it will begin to corrupt. I
just don't have any room to put it in."
        "What happens if it corrupts?" Washu looked up.
        "It will explode."
        "<gulp> Well.uh.that's not good. Uh, what are the dimensions of the
ship?"
        "Well, it's almost 31,0..wait a second. That's it!"
        "What?"
        "Dimensions! You remember that class at the beginning of the year on
subspace, right? We could use that dimension!"
        "But Washu, it could be dangerous. The Galaxy Police use it to
contain class A criminals. Anyway, from what I've read, the sub space plane
is almost as bad as hell!"
        "I know that, but there is more than one branch of subspace. The
Galaxy Police subspace Network is a different plane. We could create our own
expandable plane, and then we'd have no more trouble with storage. It's a
long shot, but I have to try. My conscience as a scientific genius wouldn't
let me do other wise!"
        "Good grief." Washu ignored this comment.
        "Look, Naomi. I want you to gather all of that junk in the hall
together. I'm gonna need it pretty compact if I'm going to fit it through a
trans-dimensional hole that's quite unstable."
        "Yes-mam." Naomi closed the door to the lab behind her. She began
pushing piles of equipment into groups so they could be easily transported.
After a while, she heard footsteps approaching and looked up. "Well hello,
Dr. Clay."
        "Naomi. What is Washu up to this time?" he inquired.
        "Well, she's having trouble fitting all of Soja into her small lab,
which she wouldn't have if it weren't for you." Clay smiled at this comment.
        "Where is Washu going to put her ship? Subspace?" he chuckled
thinking only an idiot would put something there.
        "Well, yes. Yes she is." Dr. Clay face-faulted.
        "B-but that's impossible! It's entirely too unstable plus the energy
it would take to hold matter together would be to great for even Washu!"
        "My thoughts exactly, but it's kind of hard to argue against her.
Well, I better go and help her out." Dr. Clay nodded and scurried down the
hall, arms folded, mumbling to himself.
        Inside the lab Washu was busy accessing the plane, which would be
used.
        "Well, I've got the floor plan materialized. That's pretty much all
we're going to need, since we can move the walls back as needed. I'll
probably interior decorate later, but it's crucial we get Soja there now.
Are you ready Naomi?"
        "Yes mam," she said, face stern. Washu clutched her necklace with
the three gems and pushed a key on her laptop. "Here goes nothing!"

~

        Washu sat in a rocking chair on a small porch holding the sleeping
form of her child she had borne with her x-husband. She hummed a quiet
lullaby and admired his sleeping face. Washu loved children so much, loved
holding them, watching them, raising them. But suddenly something made her
stop singing.
        "Who's there?" she called. No answer, but she noticed the porch and
scenery around her fade. She stood up quickly holding the baby close her
chest, the floor and rocking chair disappearing to darkness. Washu noticed
the darkness ripple slightly, and she clutched her baby even tighter. Slowly
the darkness rapped around her, squeezing tightly. Then an arm of darkness
reached out and grabbed the baby.
        "No! Don't take him away!" she called, but it was no used. The
darkness was too strong and she watched her baby fade away. "No please!"
Washu called with tears streaking her face. "Don't take my baby away!"
        Washu woke with a start. She raised her head and felt droplets of
sweat on her face. "Oh thank God, it was just a dream." These words awoke
Naomi who was sleeping in the bunk above her.
        "Something wrong, Little Washu," Naomi said rubbing sleep out of her
eyes. Washu lay back down.
        "I had that dream again, Naomi."
        "Again? Maybe you should call a doctor or something."
        "No.I'll be fine."

~

        Three years had passed since Washu's graduation, which she did as
cum laude, much to the dismay of Dr. Clay. To no surprise, she was offered
professorship at the Royal Space Academy the second she was handed her
diploma. She managed to gain Naomi a job in teaching freshmen so they could
stay together. The voting on the Director's chair had been going on for the
past three weeks. It had come down to Washu and Dr. Clay. Clay felt the
position slipping through his hands. He was getting desperate.
        "Who can tell me the binuclear form that pertains to the Mass's
antimatter?" asked Washu. The senior class had now been doing studies on the
Masses for three months now. A student in the back raised his hand.
        "Yes Kagato?" she said pointing to the student who owned the hand.
        "Yes, well. The binuclear makeup of a mass pertains to its DNA
structure. The proteins that create this compound are unique to this
dimension and cause an unusual amount of energy, creating a simple balance
between the antimatter and the binuclear form," Kagato said with a toothy
smile.
        "Very good." At this moment the bell rang. "Class dismissed," the
professor said slumping into her chair. Naomi walked into the room. "Hey
Little Washu. Uh, Don't you have a free period now?" she asked.
        "Oh, that's right, I do. Well, I guess I'll be in my lab if you need
me." She hurried off to the corridor that used to hold her old, cramped lab.
Washu walked through transporter into the front atrium of her new lab in
subspace. She was very pleased how she had decorated the interior, a simple
garden surrounding her main work area. Washu walked past this area into a
more desolate corner of the lab. Here she kept the creatures she was able to
get a hold of. However she only had three at the time.three small Masses.
        "Hello there," Washu said putting her face to the glass tank. The
three cloudlike figures floated up to her and danced around her head. Washu
let out a small giggle.
        "I see you're resorting to steeling from the Space Academy, huh
Washu?" said a voice behind her.
        "Clay! How did you get in here?" Washu turned around clenching her
fist.
        "I was wondering where the three missing Masses had gone. I figured
you took them to do one of your crazy experiments."
        "Grr..how dare you call my experiments crazy?!" The Masses backed
away from the front of the tank sensing Washu's anger.
        "Now now Washu, just relax."
        "The last time I relaxed you announced to the Elders that I was the
cause for the destruction of the left wing." Dr. Clay smiled at this remark.
        "Don't worry, Washu. I won't tattle this time." Washu turned back
around to the tank.
        "Yeah right."
        "What was that Washu?"
        "Oh.nothing. Now if you'll excuse me, I have important work to do.
Isn't that right my little Masses?"
"Don't worry, Washu. This isn't over by a long shot." Dr. Clay frowned and
slowly walked off.
        Washu sat down on a floating pillow and began typing into her
transparent laptop. The Masses returned to the front of the tank. Washu
suddenly stopped typing as the image of her dream of the baby being stolen
away came back into her head. She had had that dream consecutively for the
past three years, and she was tired of it.
        "I've got big plans for you three. Just wait."

~

        "Sonin! Come here, Sonin!" Dr. Clay called off into the depths of
his own laboratory. A small dragon like creature ambled up to him. Dr. Clay
was very proud of Sonin, since he had created the creature using his very
own biotechnology.
        "Sonin! There you are. Now, first I would like you to take these
papers to my file, please." Clay placed the information in the dragon's
mouth. Sonin made a gurgling noise and walked off into the back of the lab.
Dr. Clay sat down at his desk and looked at some documents.
        "Now what am I going to do about Washu." Suddenly he heard a burping
noise followed by a pillar of fire coming from the direction where his
dragon had walked away. "Sonin! What in the world is going on back there?"
Clay asked. He heard a whimper as the dragon walked cautiously around the
corner, its tail between its legs.
        "Where are those papers?" Sonin looked at a small pile of ashes that
were once Dr. Clay's files. "Sonin! You idiot!" Dr. Clay walked over to the
dragon and bore down on it. "I didn't raise you to destroy my priceless
information! This time a trip to subspace won't be enough punishment!" Dr.
Clay yelled. His voice was raised so high he didn't hear the door click open
behind him. He kicked the poor creature across the room.
"This is the last time you mess up Sonin!" His finger loomed over a small
red button, its function unknown, but the dragon was terrified. He ran off
towards the door.
"Don't you dare hurt him, Clay," someone said as she snatched up Sonin.
Washu stood glaring at her adversity holding the trembling dragon.
"Washu! What I do with my experiments is none of your business," Dr. Clay
said clenching his fist tight.
"That's where you're wrong. I've seen what you did to your past
experiments."
Dr. Clay's face turned red, "Grrrrrr.Just get out!" He shoved Washu out of
his lab and slammed the door behind her.
"Don't worry little Sonin, he won't bother you anymore."

~

The bell rang as the sophomore class in hydro-engineering slammed their
books closed. Naomi tried to get their attention, "Now remember, there's a
pop quiz tomorrow on the founding of the constants." Washu stood at the
door.
"Good grief," she muttered under her breath. "Hurry up Naomi, we've got a
faculty meeting!"
"I'm coming Washu. Hold on just a sec." Washu leaned up against the wall. A
small alert beacon popped up on her watch. She glanced at it but was
interrupted as Naomi grabbed her by the arm.
"Lets go, Washu."
The members of the Royal Space Academy sat around a conference table. The
current director sat at the head of the table surrounded by the other
professors, deans, and elders. Washu took a seat across from Dr. Clay who
glared at her as he held a stack of papers. The director spoke up.
"Now as you all know, the election of the new director is still at a
stalemate so I've asked the two candidates to do, lets say, sort of campaign
speech." A smile spread across Dr. Clay's face. "We'll let Miss.er um,
Little Washu present her speech first." Washu had a startled expression on
her face caught completely off guard. She had no idea that this was going to
happen, but Clay seemed pretty prepared. Suddenly she smiled, an idea
popping into her head. She rose and stood at the podium, no papers in her
hand. The other professors were a little surprised.
"Dr. Clay is an impressive inventor, as we all know," she started off. The
others in the room nodded. "He has created many inventions and many
creations, all to his benefit of course." Again a nod of correction.
"But.Dr. Clay lacks something."
Washu stepped back from the podium and began encircling the conference
table. "I witnessed today something that I have seen before in good ol' Dr.
Clay. He did this error without thinking, without even comprehending the
fact he could have corrected this minute problem." Dr. Clay was furious, but
Washu had a huge grin on her face.
"Do you remember a robot he frequently used in the chemistry lab three years
ago? He used that for many of his experiments when he was still a senior. Do
you remember he made a B during one of his semesters in chemistry? Do you
ever recall seeing that robot again? I sure don't.
"I have drawn to this conclusion. No matter how excellent Dr. Clay's
experiments are, no matter how resourceful, how useful, how clever, one
error and its all over. Dr. Clay lacks love for his creations! And if you
could call yourselves professors and mentors, you would realize this is
something hated here, something I know that I can't stand!" Washu was
leaning over the table glaring at Dr. Clay, a look of pure shock on his
face. There was an eerie silence in the room as the other members of the
committee were staring dumbfounded at him.
"B-but she stole the missing masses!" Clay said as a final effort to restore
his reputation, but it seemed to have no effect. He then rushed out of the
room slamming the door behind him. "Meeting adjourned," the director said
scratching his head. Washu remained seated a confident expression on her
face.
"Wow, Washu. I had no idea that Clay had done so many of those things. You'd
think the committee would be hoping mad."
"You'd think, wouldn't you Naomi. Don't worry, I bet that their reaction to
what I said is far from over."

~

Washu unlocked the door to her classroom and walked in flipping on the
lights. She always was their many hours prior to the beginning of class. She
sat down at her desk and began organizing papers and reports. Washu stopped
working when she heard footsteps running down the hall. They stopped at the
door as the silhouette of someone was visible through the translucent glass.
"Who's there? I'm busy now, come back later," she said looking back down on
the paper. Still, the doorknob turned and a panting Naomi stood at the door.
"What's wrong, Naomi?"
"C-come quick.Dr. Clay." she said through breaths. Washu rose from her seat.
"What did that bastard do now?" she said directing Naomi to a chair. She sat
and regained her breath.
"When you said that the reaction of the committee wasn't over yet, you were
right. They drove him out of the Royal Space Academy last night at about
three in the morning." Washu tried to hide a smile.
"Is he all right?"
"He escaped unhurt bringing some papers with him, but as of now his lab is
smoldering. I guess you're the new Director, Washu. Congratulations." There
was silence for a while, and then Washu sat down and lowered her head.
"I expected the committee to be angry, but not to drive him out of the
school.oh well! Serves him right!" Naomi sweat-dropped. "Well, now that I'm
in command looks like things are going to be a little different. It's about
time  they recognized the greatest scientific genius in the galaxy!"

~

Three weeks of the Director's chair and the student body loved Washu. She
only changed the schedule around in the slightest way and the reduced amount
of stress that the students felt was amazing, but she had been so busy
regulating things that she had forgotten her current experiment, the Masses.

~

Washu awoke with a start, beads of sweat on her face. She still shared a
room with Naomi, though it was much larger than that of their old dorm room.
Washu flicked on a light in the bathroom, which awoke Naomi.
"What's wrong?" Naomi rubbed sleep out of her eyes.
"I had it again, Naomi. That damn dream. I haven't had it again since I was
elected director."
"That's pretty strange." Naomi stepped off of her bead and walked slowly to
the bathroom also.
"I'm going to my lab," Washu said putting a jacket over her nightgown.
"So early?"
"Yup."
"I'll be in there in a second as soon as I wake up," Naomi said through a
yawn. Washu walked out of the door, down a few flights of stairs, and
through a hallway before coming to her transporter. She walked through the
subspace barrier and strait to the Masses' tank. Immediately she began
typing. After five minutes or so, she looked up and noticed Soja, her
battleship. "I have yet to test her," Washu said to herself. She knew
everything worked perfectly, but still she couldn't resist doing it someday.
Naomi walked in and proceeded to where Washu was working. She was typing
vigorously, the screen lighting up her face. The three Masses swirled about
reacting to Washu's emotions. "It's impossible to do it without some sort of
DNA structure to bind them onto," Washu said after a while.
"Your not thinking of.I mean to them."
"That's exactly what I'm going to do. No more dreams, this will end it."
Washu held up a small vile. "This egg cell will perfectly. What better DNA
structure to map after than my very own?"
"Are you serious?" Naomi asked. Washu looked up smiling and gave a nod. She
opened the vile and dumped the contents into a small container branching off
from the Masses' tank.
"Now all I have to do is provide the right neuronal stimulation and presto!
instant baby." She typed in the remaining data. "There, that should do it."
She leaned back and watched the Masses stand still and quiver slightly.
Naomi stared at the creatures amazed. Slowly, piece-by-piece, the Masses
pulled themselves into a solid form. After five minutes the small fetus was
distinguishable.
"Wow! It's a girl!" Naomi shouted.
"Yep, sure is." Washu had a broad smile on her face as she crossed her arms
satisfied with her work. "It should only take about a month for it to give
birth since I enhanced it slightly. I am a genius, aren't I!?" Naomi was
speechless.
"Are you really ready for a child?" she asked.
Suddenly the door from the Academy to the lab blasted open, dust and debris
scattered everywhere. "What the.?" Washu shouted turning towards the
explosion. Two forms stood in the doorway but were unable to be seen through
the smoke.
"Clay! Not you again!" Indeed, Clay stood in at the door, but the other man
spoke.
"Professor! Thank you for the invitation! This is a beautiful lab you have
here!" A look of shock was on Washu's face. A flicker of light danced across
the speaker's glasses that were perched low on his nose. She couldn't
understand her star student was doing this.
"Kagato! What do you think you're doing?!" Washu yelled. Naomi stepped
backwards terrified.
"I've noticed you haven't taken your impressive battleship, Soja, for a spin
yet. I was hoping I would join you in doing it!"
"Don't even think about it!" Washu knew she stood no chance to someone who
could blast apart her door, but she wasn't about to give up. Clay stood to
the side laughing.
"I agreed to show Kagato the way into your lab through subspace if he would
agree to punish you. Revenge is all I want, Washu. You were the one who
stirred those to drive me out of the Academy!"
"Liar! The ones who don't love their work are the ones who are disliked, and
they're the ones that are driven out!"
"I'll tell you what I love. I love perfection and my technology is perfect.
That's what I love." Replied Dr. Clay.
"You idiot!" Washu yelled clenching her fists. Kagato was becoming
impatient.
"I'm growing tired of this small talk, professor. How about we cut right to
the chase!" Kagato yelled. His hands glowed green for a second and then
omitted a blast at Washu. She crouched low and covered her head expecting to
be thrown across the room, but nothing happened. Washu felt something very
warm on her neck. She looked down and noticed the three small gems. They
were glowing furiously creating a barrier around Washu.
"What!?" yelled Kagato. "What in the world are those?"
"She's always worn them around her neck, but I didn't know." Clay stammered.
"No matter, I'll just take those too!" Kagato fired a second blast and Washu
tried to deflect it, but this time the energy was too great. She had not
mastered her gems yet and the barrier they created shattered. Washu was
hurled over next to the tank where her baby was growing steadily. Naomi
screamed.
"These gems are very strange. I have never seen or heard of them before,"
Kagato said as he reached down and ripped the necklace off of Washu's neck.
The three gems were still softly glowing.
"Kagato.you." Washu said with a grown. She was still lying on the floor
holding an injured arm.
"Now what in the world is this?" he said looking at the tank. The fetus was
floating in the liquid. "Masses? Very clever, Professor Washu! I suppose
this is your.child?"
"Don't you dare touch her!" Naomi yelled running full speed at Kagato. He
merely raised his left hand and the woman went flying backwards. Dr. Clay
stifled a hoarse laugh.
"A baby won't do me much good, will it Washu?"
"No! Don't even think about doing that, Kagato! Too many procedures will be
broken." Washu said dragging herself up to where he was standing. Kagato
smiled as he keyed in a few commands on the computer.
She lowered her head and spoke softly, "I haven't even raised her yet." A
single tear rolled down Washu's face as she watched her second baby be taken
away. The fetus started to glow and returned to a small blob. Then it
started to expand, slowly at first, but then it became too large for the
tank. After a few minutes the form of a woman was distinguishable.
"Aww, look Washu. Your baby has all grown up." The tank cracked as water
started to leak out of it. A hand came out and grasped a side of the glass.
Slowly, a grown lady walked out. She was talk and sleek, and cyan hair
donned her skull. She was Washu's daughter.
"Who.who am I?" she said staring at the grinning Kagato and then to her
mother, injured and lying on the floor.
"Well, Washu. What are you going to name her?" Kagato asked. She longed to
hold her child but she knew that would be impossible right now.
"Run!" she yelled to the woman. "Get out of here! That man is dangerous!"
Kagato frowned as the woman looked to him with a blank look on her face.
"Pay no attention to her! Since I gave you the power to summon demons just
now in your creation, that is what I will name you after. How about Ryoko?
Is that nice?"
"R.yoko? Demons?"
"Haha! Yes, Ryoko." Suddenly the three gems that Kagato still held in his
hand ignited with energy. He yelled and stepped backwards letting them fall
to the ground. They immediately rammed themselves into Ryoko pinning her up
against the wall. One was in her left wrist, one on her right, and the other
at her neck. She screamed as bolt of energy flowed from the three. When it
stopped she fell to her knees and rubbed her head.
"I.I am not your servant." She said glaring at Kagato. "You are my enemy."
She stood up and formed a red orb in her hand.
"Washu! This is your doing!" Dr. Clay yelled. Washu smiled still on the
floor. "No matter. Like Washu, I can also influence those gems of yours!"
Ryoko was about to hurl the blast at Kagato, but suddenly she stopped. The
gems pulsated and her eyes suddenly turned green.
"What.what did you just do?" Washu said.
"I reversed their energy, Washu. The gems now are also my slave, just like
your precious child." Washu clenched her fist. "Now, Ryoko. Lets see. What
pointless things can I get you to do first? I know, your first job can be to
kill that idiot that Washu drags around with her." Kagato pointed to Naomi
who was still unconscious. Washu screamed and tried to pull herself between
her daughter and her friend. Ryoko walked across the floor like a zombie
with a blade of red energy in her hand. Washu cold only watch with tear
filled eyes as Ryoko killed Naomi instantly.
Without thinking, Washu limped off towards Soja. She knew she had never
flown it and it was dangerous taking it directly into space, but she had no
choice. Washu walked into the main hatch and started up the computer. Kagato
was still outside laughing, tearing her lab apart. He hadn't noticed his
professor sneak off. Ryoko just stood their, eyes still green.
Washu opened a black hole that served as a gate from subspace to the
physical dimension as the engines roared to life. Kagato stopped his rampage
and looked at Soja horrified. Washu gunned it and flew through the gate
entering the orbit around the planet where the Academy was. She knew that in
moments Kagato would be coming for her. Soja *was* the whole reason he came
to her lab.
Slowly a black portal appeared behind her similar to the one she had just
used. A ship that she had designed before came out, but Washu had never
found the right material for it. Four spiky pillars rose out of the central
structure where a red orb was embedded. Washu had earlier named it Ryo-ohki.
Who knew what Kagato would do to it now.
The little ship was much to fast for the monstrous Soja and there was no way
Washu could fire at Ryo-ohki with Ryoko still aboard. "All I can do is
wait," she said to herself. She watched Ryo-ohki leave her view. Washu
closed her eyes. "Why did I run away? I can't fight him or even escape from
him." Suddenly and idea donned upon her and she brought out her laptop.
Kagato materialized in front of Washu with Ryoko by his side and Dr. Clay on
the other. Ryoko was still under Kagato's command. "Well, Miss Washu. It
looks like this little game of yours is over. Now if you'll kindly just give
up, I promise to kill you very quickly."
Washu didn't respond. She pressed a button on her laptop. Suddenly Washu
dissolved through the floor. She was standing on the other side
"What in the world did you just do?" Dr. Clay yelled.
"I just copied the ship and made a second half here in another dimension. Am
I a genius or what?" A transparent image of Kagato appeared in front of
Washu.
"Very clever, Professor. Even I can not harm you in another dimension."
"Then why don't you leave me alone."
"Not quite," he said with a huge smile. Kagato's image faded back. Washu's
eyes opened wide, and she stared at the ground. Small ice crystals began
forming at her feet holding her to the floor. The ice began to slowly travel
up her legs.
        "What are you doing?" She said trying to stop the oncoming crystals.
        "Putting you to sleep, Washu. For a very long time!" The ice
continued to travel up her body and around her head. She tried to scream,
but it was cut short. She was frozen solid. The last thing she heard before
she was sent into an eternal slumber was the piercing crackle of Kagato.
        "You've taken everything Kagato," she thought. "Everything."

<Washu.>

<Washu.please wake up.>

<Washu.it's time to wake up.>

<Wake up now Washu!>

CRACK!

Thanks for reading my fic. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions,
comments, or if I screwed up the information e-mail me at
ohki-eden@tenchieden.com. This was my first one so cut me some slack.
