Something is Out There -- "SIDE COMEDY"

By "Meachy"  (meachy@hotmail.com)

Author's Forward: Okay, I wrote this to calm the anger of anyone who is
upset with the idea of Ryoko being killed.  Confusicus says, "Cool a hot
head with cold water."  Please allow this little comedy to be a cold rag
upon your head.

The idea for this is what I call a Coup. (take over)  Freud would
consider it a place where a person and his work meet.  In this place,
the creation voices its own oppinion.  In some cases you could say it is
a person's conscious personifying itself through a visual mean.  *Heh
heh* Try and figure that out!  This isn't done to often in
entertainment,  but a slight example can be seen in the show "Unappily
Ever After."  The bunny would be the the presonified creation.  A better
example would be the spirits of "A Christmas Carol."  Well enough of
that.  BRING ON THE COMEDY!!!!

Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted (c) 1992-1998 by AIC * Pioneer LDC. All
rights reserved.  The story "Somthing is Out There" is mine and can not
be posted with out my written permission.

Before you read the story I'd like to say something about it.  I truely
love the basics of the actual Tenchi Muyo story line.  All of the
characters seem to push away from each other, but they need and love one
another. *even Ayeka and Ryoko*  You know who is good and bad, and the
hero always wins in the end.

In my story I want to create my own story identity.  Something that if
you read once, you'll be able to easy remeber.  I warn you there may be
massive bloodshed, carnage, and plot reversals coming out of the wood
works.  So if you find your favorite character slightly *improved* (not
saying that this will actually happen) such as Mihoshi becoming a
malevolent genius, Tenchi becoming in evil overlord, or sweet innocent
Sasami turned into a leather-clad  whip toting  domanatrix; please...BE
SUPRISED...but don't say I didn't warn you.

"Forgiveness Comedy"

It was just another day,  I finally got home from class, so I thought
I'd finish working on the next chapter of my fic.  I turned my computer
and went into my Wordpad program.  As inspiration for this chapter, I
opened a pic of Ryoko that I made.  With her on my screen now, I began
to type the name of the chapter.

"  D  e  a  t  h       o  f       R  y  o  k  o  "

Ryoko: WHAT!!!!!
MEACHY: You moved!     You talked!  Your not supposed to do that?
Ryoko: Are you crazy!
MEACHY:  (Looks at what he just typed)  OH!   Well eh......   Please
calm down......
Ryoko:  CALM DOWN!!!!!  You just killed me off.  How did you think I was
going to react????
MEACHY:  If you hear me out,  you'll understand.
Ryoko:  (Charges up energy)  O. K.   This better be good, or I'm gonna
tear you a new blowhole!
MEACHY:  ((Gulp))  Okay.  You know that my story ideas are completely
unusual.
Ryoko:  Whaaa.....
MEACHY:  Haven't you ever read what is under my DISCLAIMER?
Ryoko:  What?  Nobody ever reads those things or what's under them!

*MEACHY opens one of his fics.  He then highlights the Disclaimer*

MEACHY:  See.
Ryoko:  (Reading)  Okay,  but it doesn't say a thing about you hacking
me!
MEACHY:  I just came up with the idea.
Ryoko:  What the H*ll where you on when you came up with that!
MEACHY:  I wasn't on anything!  I'll have you know, I was eating
Rotisserie gold chicken and drinking a diet snapple.
Ryoko:  Well,  that explains it.
MEACHY:  Hmph.
Ryoko:  You can't kill me!  Without me there is no Tenchi Muyo.
MEACHY:  I've heard that before.   That's why I want to try it.
Ryoko:  I've got my own fan club.
MEACHY: But....
Ryoko:  Everyone loves me.
MEACHY:  But...  But....
Ryoko:  I know some people that can HANDLE you.
MEACHY:  But...  But....  But....    Hey, wait a second.
Ryoko:  (Raises her fist and points it at MEACHY)  I haven't been
imppressed yet.
MEACHY:  Hm.  I know it is difficult to have the story with out you, but
I want to try and see if I can.  Anyway.  It's not like I am going to
completely rid you from the known universe.    You'll be dead like
Elvis.
Ryoko: What!
Elvis:  Hi'ya do'in little mama.
Ryoko:  You HAVE got to be kidding.
MEACHY:  Okay, bad example.  Look I'm making a plot twist, like when
Superman died.
Ryoko:  DC Comics?  Your using one of their ideas???  Nobody follows
those stupid storylines!
MEACHY:  Well.....   I wasn't planning on using the entire idea.
Ryoko:  Hold on!  How were you planning on taking me out?
MEACHY:  Oh.... Boy.....    ((GULP))  Well...  I have Mihoshi do it....
Ryoko:  WHAT!!!

*A pic of Mihoshi appears next to Ryoko*

Mihoshi:  I like your idea.  I think it's great.  It's about time that
I.....

*Ryoko grabs Mihoshi and the screen goes black for a second.   When the
screen comes back up Ryoko is wipeing her hands off.  Mihoshi was tied
up in a bundle.  She had "X's" for eyes.*

Ryoko:  That makes me feel a little better.  Now back to you!  I've read
the first couple of your chapters, I've noticed that you put yourself in
this.   How come you didn't kill him?
MEACHY:  I'm not in that fic?
Ryoko:  What about Meachi?  Come on, you only changed the last letter in
your name.

*Mihoshi dissappeares and in her place is a pic of Meachi*

Meachi:  Somebody call me?
Ryoko:  Oh yeah!  I should kick your butt.
Meahci:  Why me,  I haven't done anything.
Ryoko:  Your conterpart is going to kill me.
Meachi:  Don't mix me up with him.  Besides the fact that our names are
spelled similar, we have nothing in common.   Actually,  our names
aren't even pronunced anything alike.  In fact, I don't even like him.
MEACHY:  Whaaaa.....
Meachi:  Come on, what did you expect.  Firt of all,  you make me fall
in love with Aeka.
Ryoko:  I can see why your pissed there.
MEACHY:  But....
Meachi:  Then you have my grandpa literally drive a sword through my
hand.  You wrote that the pain went away, but IT DIDN'T!!!
MEACHY:  But I...
Meachi:  Then you just about kill me!
Ryoko:  Well, at least YOU did survive his handy work!
Meachi:  You don't even listen to your pre-reader "SUN"
Ryoko:  Isn't "SUN" a great guy?
Meachi: Yeah, he's the best.
MEACHY:  Hold on...  I can't believe your saying this.
Meachi:  Believe it.
Meachi&
Ryoko:  You Suck!!!!!!
Meachi:  Come on Ryoko.  I'll buy you a beer.
Ryoko:  Thanks.  I was getting tired of the place anyway.  Anyway,  I
should have anything to worry about.  I'll just turn the RFFC on him.
Meachi:  That should be enough punishment for one lifetime.
Ryoko:  BTW, you really need to fix this place up.  It's like a 286 in
here.

*The two dissappear off to some bar*

MEACHY:  That traitor!  I see now, I should have let Tenchi kill him?

Are you happy now.  I have officially jumpped ove the deap in now.  Oh
well.  At least my Ryoko troubles are now over.

*An incoming e-mail appears on MEACHY'S screen*

MEACHY:  (Reading)  WHAT!!!!  Somebody bought a $100 worth of beer on my
credit card.
RRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOKKKKKKKKKKKKKOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
