Chapter 4
"Preparing for the Flame:  No Need for Firey Burdens"

While walking, Meachi was trying to figure out what he was going to say to
Ayeka.  He was dreading the moment of seeing her, but he knew that he wanted
to be with her.  In his mind two scenario keep playing over and over.  The
first was him going up to her and apologizing, she excepts and falls into
his arms confessing her love to him.  However, the second scenario consisted
of her screaming that she hated him and never wanted to see his face again.
When he reached the steps, he paused.  He was too afraid to knock on the
door, so he sat down and contemplated his situation.  He became so entranced
with what he was going to say that he did not hear the door open behind him.
As he sat there, his forced emotions made him think out loud.

"I can't believe that I gave her some flowers with a bee in them.  She
probably hates me now.  I should not have come back here.  There is no way
that I can't explain what I did.  Ohhh, I wish I could just tell her how I
feel."

"So you're the reason Ayeka was screaming like crazy."

Meachy snapped free from his pity, and looked upward to see Sasami looking
back at him.  She was giggling from the thought of Ayeka running from the
bee early that day.

"It was funny watching my sister freakout over nothing."

"OOOHHH.  I did not mean to grieve your sister.  I was trying to do
something nice for her.  Why did it have to go so wrong?"

"Don't worry.  It's not like you tried to do it on purpose."

"Things still went wrong though.  I can't show my face to her now."

"You're really upset about this, aren't you?"

"Yes, I am."

"Okay,  I'll talk to her for you.  I can tell her that it was an accident
and that you were only trying do something nice for her."

"You would do that for me?  Why?"

"I can see you like her and I don't want you to give up because of a small
accident."

"I don't know what to say, besides thank you."

"Don't worry about it.  I promise everything is going to be alright."

***

Sasami watched Meachi leave with a smile that he so needed.  She walked back
inside to find Ayeka.  She found her inside of her bedroom, still shock up
by the bee that almost stung her.

"Are you okay Ayeka."

"Why did he do such a thing?  I can not believe he would attack me like
that.  How could he be so cruel?"

"Please don't be mad at him.  He didn' t mean for this to happen.  He was
trying to do something nice for you.  He brought the flowers as a gift."

"What.  He brought me those things as a gift.  Why would he do such a
thing."

"He wants to repay you for helping him when he was hurt.  Can't you see he
likes you?"

"Are you sure that is what he meant, could he possible feel that way?"

"Yes, he does."

Sasami turned and walked out of the bedroom.  She had left an impact on
Ayeka whom was no longer mad, but now shocked.  In her usual need for Tenchi
she blocked out any possibility that someone else would want her.  She
stared at her reflection in the mirror.  After a few moments her thoughts
began to flow from her mouth.

"I am a Juraien princess.  Even if I liked Meachi, I would not be able to be
with him.  I can only love one of Juraien blood, that is the way it is
supposed to be.  Although, he is a cute and well mannered young man, but
Tenchi is the same and more.  If only Tenchi would make the first move for
once.  I wish he would be more aggressive."

She closed her eyes as she focused on her thoughts.  Little did she know,
the entire time that she had been talking, there was an intruder in the room
with her. Part of Ryoko's head was sticking up from the floor in the nearby
corner.  She had heard everything.  She had gotten the information that she
needed, so it was time to now leave.  The part of her head that was sticking
up slowly descended into the floor.

***

Meachi was deeply moved by Sasami kindness.  The words she said felt more
sincere than those that tied him to Ryoko.  His spirit was lifted as he
thanked her and left for home.  The sun was well beyond the horizon, and
night was begining to set in.  When he got home his grandfather was waiting
for him in the first room.

"Hello Grandpa.  I got to speak to Lord Katsuhito, today.  He is the priest
of the shrine next door."

"Good....  Meachi, come here there is something that I must speak to you
about."  Meachi walked up to where his grandfather was and went down to his
knees.  "What is it grandpa," asked Meachi.  His grandfather did not reply.
Instead he reached out and took a hold of Meachi's left hand.  He quickly
turned it over to see his palm.  He looked disappointed as what he hoped
would not be there; was.  Meachi was surprised.  This was the second time
that somebody checked his left hand today.  His grandfather released his
hand and looked directly into his eyes.

"My grandson, you are a very special young man.  Our family has a unusual
heirloom.  It is passed down from father to son.  Unfortunately your father
passed on before I could give it to him.  I have been responsible for this
heirloom for almost 50 years.  Now I must pass it on to you."

Meachi's grandfather moved his hands in front of him.  In the center of each
palm was a tiny sparkle.  They began to grow into strong lights.  Meachi had
to cover his eyes from the intense shine.  In an instant the light was gone.
When he fixed his eyes back on his grandfather, he saw him holding a katana.
It looked like it had just been taken out of the fire due to its red,
orange, and yellow glow.  Meachi was so amazed by it, he had not noticed the
pain on his grandfathers face.  Without thinking he reached out to the
sword. He could feel the heat that it emitted.  His hand got within a
hairlength away from it, before he jerked it back in burning pain.  His
grandfather stood up, leaving Meachy on the floor.  He turned his back to
him and started to speak.

"This is no ordinary sword.  It has been a tool that saved many lives...
And taken many more...  Our family has been responsible for controlling this
sword for almost 500 years.  Ever since its original owner could no longer
control it, we have taken an oath to keep its overwhelming power from
devouring the land.  My grandson, place your left hand on the floor.  Let
your palm face upward.

Meachi complied.  He was slightly afraid at the moment but something inside
of him held his fear at bay.

"Child I wish that I could bear the responsibility for you, but I know I can
not.  It is far beyond the time to relinquish it.  I have trained you, and
you have learned well.  You have been a good student, and I admired your
will.  I know that you will not be beaten easily.  Forgive me please for
passing this burden upon you.  I can remember the day my father passed it to
me.  The exchange is hard but necessary.  Everything that I have taught you
is for this moment. Please remember what you have learned.  Nothing can
control you, only you can control yourself."

With those finale words he turns around quickly and leaped into the air.
Meachi did not move.  He watched as his grandfather took flight. His landing
brought a change to the room.  He buried the blade through Meachi's hand.
The shocked young man stared at his attacker.  His face reeled in pain as
the sword burned in his palm.  Blood spewed out of his hand furiously.  The
spot where his hand was pinned to the floor, quickly became a small pool of
red liquid.  He was trapped in a sense of confussion.  The pain he felt grow
stronger with every breath he took.

"You must be able to control yourself if you wish to be able to control the
sword," said his grandfather.

Meachi focused all of his concentration on grabbing the handle of the katana
with his other hand.  He began to pull it out of his hand.  The pain was
unbearable.  He keep thinking to himself, "Why did my grandfather do this to
me?"  Pulling all of his strength together, he began to free the blade from
his hand.  His face showed every bit of the angious that he felt.  Blood was
all over the sword now.  His grandfather stood before him, he looked almost
emotionless.  He did not make any effort to help the poor young man in front
of him.  As Meachi struggled the old man spoke.

"Do not give to the pain.  Rise above it."

Meachi heard his words, but the pain remained.  The blade was half way out
of his hand, at this point.  Although, the battle was not downhill. A new
challenge seemed to hit Meachi.  To him, it felt like the blade did not want
to be pulled free.  It was almost like it was clinging to his hand.  His
grandfather then spoke again.

"You must not let the pain win.  Fight it!"

Meachi's eyes began to glow.  At this moment he put everything he had
remaining into a single pull.  The blade then broke free from his flesh.  He
lay there on his knees, clutching his hand close to his chest.  Blood now
covered him from head to toe.  He was unable to move of speak for a few
moments.  When the pain eased enough he looked upward to his grandfather and
spoke.

"Why???  Why did you do this?"

His grandfather did not reply.  He simply held his right hand up in the air.
The stained sword flew up from the ground and hovered below his hand.  He
looked down and spoke.

"Forgive me.  I know of the pain you just experience.  Unfortunately it was
necessary.  To posses the sword you must be strong.  You have proven that."

The blood on the floating sword began to disappear.  It was like the sword
was absorbing it.  Meachi looked back at the pool of blood on the floor.  It
was shrinking to a puddle, then to a drop, and then it disappeared
altogether too.  Meachi then looked at his clothing and noticed the same
thing had happened.  The pain in his hand was still there, but it too was
beginning to gradually leave.  He was brought back to attention when he
heard his grandfather speak again.

"You are now the new keeper of the sword.  You have now bonded with it. As
you now both share each other abilities, together you are stronger."

The sword floated before Meachi, as if it was presenting itself to him. He
slowly reached out and grasped the handle.  A surge of power engulfed him
instantly.  He immediately released it, and the power passed as fast as it
came.  The sword remained floating in the air.

"What --  do I do with this?  What if I don't want it?!"

"The decision has already been made.  You now must learn how to use it
correctly.  There are strengths and weaknesses that you need to be aware of.
Every generation has a unique bond with the sword.  Your's is the most
special.  The marks in your hand match those in the sword.  You share a
power that you will have to find on your own.  You are still a man.  So you
are not invincible.  The sword can not be anymore powerful than the skill of
its user.  There is also a danger that you must not take lightly.  Along
with your strength the sword tested your heart.  If not careful anger in
your soul will be amplified.  This is the ultimate test of a good man.  The
sword has much power, but to much can change a weaker man in evil ways.  You
must train to improve your skill.  You must also train your spirit.  The
local shrine is a good place to go to learn more on controlling yourself."

Meachi stood up.  The sword flew up to accompany the position of his body.
He noticed an unusual sensation in his hand.  In his plam, something was
glowing.  The marks in his hand began to shine.  At the same time the marks
on the sword handle began to glow too.  He reached out and grasped the
handle.  The second they made contact, a flash of light went by.  Meachi
blinked as it did.  When he open his eyes back the sword was gone.

"What happened to the sword"

His grandfather smiled and turned away.  He started toward his room.  After
he took four or five steps he began to speak.

"You have experienced a lot tonight.  You should get some sleep.  Rest
well."

Meachi stood there.  He had a puzzled look on his face as his grandfather
descended from the room.  He wondered to himself, what could be next.  In
his mind he was thinking of what he was going to tell Tenchi.  He had
forgotten all about Ayeka for the time being.  With the worst pass him, he
yawned and then started off to bed.