
Chapter 2
Hi I'm Meachi

During the day Tenchi spent his time in school.  Today a new student
was introduced to the class by the teacher.

"Hello everyone, I would like you to met Meachi Rode.  He will be
spending the rest of the school year with us.  Since he lives close
to the Masaki shrine, will you show him around today Tenchi?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"Thank you Tenchi.  Meachi since this is your first day, it would
be best for you stay close to Tenchi-san.  Nukia will you please
move to the other side of the room so Meachi can sit closer to Tenchi."

"Yes, Ma'am."

As Meachi went to his new seat he thanked the young lady who it
formerly belonged to, as he walked by her.  When he got there, he properly
greeted Tenchi by bowing.

"Ah....   There is no need to bow on my account.  Hi, my name is
Tenchi Masaki.  The shrine that you live near belongs to my family.
If there is anything that you need let me know.

"Actually, I would like to see your family's shrine.  If that is
okay with you.  I'm looking for a job, and since I used to do chores at the
shrine at my old home; I thought that would be a nice place to work."

"I don't see why we can't go to the shrine, but if your looking
for work there have to speak to my grandfather.  We can go there after
school."

"Thank you Tenchi-san."

As the school day came to an end, Tenchi and Meachi left to the
Masaki Shrine.  As they walked, they spoke about their lives and found that
they had many things in common.  Tenchi lost his mother when he was young.
Meachi lost both of his parents when he was young also.  His grandfather, a
fighting monk, taught and took care of him.  Much like Tenchi's grandfather
trains him now.  Both of the young men are skilled in swordsmanship.  They
spoke to each other like they where old friends getting reacquainted.

When they got up the steps to the shrine. They were met be Ryoko, who was
teleporting in from no where.  Meachi was startled by her.  He jumped back
and lost his footing, causing him to fall and hit his head.

***

"What happen to me.  Ahhh, my head is killing me."

When Meachi began to open his eyes, he was almost blinded by the
light above him.  He slowly began to focus.  When he looked upward
again he saw the most beautiful thing in all of his life.  It was
like an angel with a halo glowing around her head.  The light that
surrounded her made it hard to see her face, but Meachi fought hard
to capture a glimpse of the wonderful creature that called him back
into consciousness.

"Don't worry, you'll be alright."

"Thank you, I now know that I will be."

With those finale words he fell back unconscious.  When he woke up, he
was inside of the Masaki house.  In front of him was
Sasami with a bowl of soup.

"Here eat this, you'll need it to get your strength back."

She handed him the bowl and got up from where she was sitting.

"Wait here I'm going to get Tenchi and Ayeka.  TENCHI!!!!!!  AYEKA!!!!!
Come down quick, Meachi has woken up."

She ran back over to Meachi and said, "They'll be down in a minute."

"Ah.... You're finale awake.  Are you feeling any better.  For a
second we thought we were going to have to take you to a hospital."
It was Tenchi who was coming down the steps.

Agruhhhh...  I'm okay.  I've got a splitting headache, but it will go away.

At that moment Ryoko entered the room by teleporting behind Meachi.
"Hey."  Meachi turned around to see the same face that came out of nowhere
at the shrine.

"Ahhhh!!!  It's the demon that attacked me earlier."  Feeling
that she should live up to the accusation she sarcastically replied,
"BOO!!!"

"Stop it Ryoko, haven't you done enough to this young man."

It was the same voice that called to him when he was fading in his weak
consciousness.  Meachi stood up and began searching for the direction that
it came from.  He looked over to the doorway and saw her.  She was just as
beautiful now as she was then.  At the same time Tenchi stood up.  He
dropped his head downward and began running his hand up and down the back of
his own neck, as he began to direct his speach toward Meachi.

"I'm sorry Meachi.  I should have warned you about everyone here,"
said Tenchi.  However, his words fell to death ears.  The only thing
that Meachi could see or hear was the earth angel before him.  He
was speechless and motionless before her.  In fact he didn't move
until Sasami broke his concentration, by tugging on his pants leg.

"Hi.  I'm Sasami, are you feeling any better now?  The one that made you
fall is Ryoko."

"With a face like her's, I understand why you were almost scared
to death," said the girl whom was coming in.  "Hello, my name is Ayeka.

"You are the angel I saw.  You are the one that I heard before I blacked
out."

"It really was not that much.  You just got a bad bump on your head."

"I still would like to thank you,"  said Meachi.  He couldn't stop
staring at her.  She was perfect in every way.  Ryoko walked over
to him and began to knock on his head, as if it were a door.

"Hey kid!  Earth to Meachi.  Hmmm.  You've really got it bad for her, don't
you?"

Surprised by what she said, he was instantly shot back to reality.
Ryoko grabbed Meachi by his hand and turned to the others.  "It's
getting late.  I think it will be best for me to take Meachi home."
Without waiting for any agreement from the others, or Meachi for that
matter, she teleports herself and him out of the room.

They reappeared outside of the house.  As soon as they were completely
teleported, Meachi jerked away from Ryoko.  He looked with an expression
that was a mix between fear and anger.

"What are you?!"

"That's not important right now, just consider me a friend."  She
put on a sincere face and then said, "I feel terrible about making
you hurt your head.  I wish only to make it up to you."

She turned away and stared up into the night's sky.  This was to
keep Meachi from seeing the smile that was forming on her face.  "I see you
like Ayeka."

"You can tell that?"

"Don't worry I'm not going to go tell everyone.  I want to help.
It is the least that I can do.  Just imagine me as your own personal cupid."

"Would you really help me?"

"Of course I will.  I want to be your friend, and if it takes
pairing you up with my closest friend Ayeka -- so be it."

"Thank you.  I'm really sorry that I called you a demon."

"Don't mention it."  She smirked and softly murmured, "You know,
you were right."  Within seconds, she began to teleport.  As she
first started to fade away she told Meachi, "I'll met you tomorrow."

"Where will I find you?"

"Don't worry, I'll find you."  With that she was completely gone.

Meachi scratched his head as he walked off.  "Strange girl.  I probably
shouldn't trust her, but I must if she will help me," he thought to himself.
After a few minutes he reached a small house.  On the inside was an old
looking man.  He was meditating on the floor.  Meachi walked up beside him
and got down on his knees.  The room was silent for a
while.  Then the old man spoke.

"How was your first day at the new school."

"School was okay Grandpa, I guess?  I made a new friend.  His
family owns the shrine on down the road."

"Hmmm.  What is this young man's name."

"Tenchi Masaki."

His grandfather opened his eyes and looked toward Meachi.  "Tenchi
you say....  Hmmmm."  He turned back to the wall that was facing him.
"Did you speak with the care taker of the shrine."

"No.  I did not get a chance to see him today, but I do know that he is
Tenchi's grandfather."

"What have you been doing all day then?"

"It's hard to explain, but it involves the most beautiful girl in
the world.  Her name is Ayeka.  I met her at Tenchi's house.  I kinda hurt
my head and lost track of time, but she helped me wake up."

"It is nice that you found a young lady that you like, but do not
forget you have other things that you must do.  Speaking with the
priest of the shrine is very important."

"I will speak with him tomorrow."

"Good.  There are some egg rolls and rice in the kitchen.  Before
you eat, I want you to practice using your bokken."

"Yes Grandfather.  I will start now."

Meachi rose from the ground and went out the room.  His grandfather
remained in the position that he was in.  He began to think to himself.
Could this be a coincidence or could that this Tenchi be one in the same
with the name that was in his family scrolls.  Meachi must be prepared if he
is.  Meachi's Grand father only hoped that he had taught him enough.  The
old man lifted himself off the ground.  He walked over to a window, and
peered outside.  Meachi was in his sight, through the window.  The old man
began to think out loud as he observed his grandson.

"This leaf is unique compared to all of the others on the tree,
so fragile and delicate and yet so strong. It shakes in the wind,
but refuses to be blown away.  It's battle is null invoid, as it
will eventually have to succumb to it's master the wind.  I wish that I
could only keep him away from his fate, but I know I can not.  I will have
to review  our family's birthright scroll again tonight, in hope for some
guidance."