Subject: [FFML] [TM] Something is Out There {Revision}
Date: Sun, 11 Apr 1999 22:35:22 -0800
From: "Derick Browne" <meachy@my-dejanews.com>
Organization: Deja News Mail (http://www.my-dejanews.com:80)
To: ffml@fanfic.com

Something is Out There (Dark Revision)

Author Foward:  I just wanted to make two things known.  First, this is a
rewrite of my first ever fic.  It started as an adventure comedy, but it is
now aimed toward the dark fic side.  Some of the original comedy still
remains in the first four chapters.  However, in the later chapters the dark
adventure side is expressed more.  Second,  the character Meachi is not a
self instertion.  Please remeber that this was my first ever fic, and I
created a character with a name that I could remeber, that was also similar
to Tenchi's name.  Our names are spelled different and sound different.
Also, his character design is nothing like what I look like.  The only thing
that I gave him that can be traced back to me (besides the name) is a scare
in the shape of an exclaimation mark on one of his forearms. I have those
character designs if anyone wants to challenge that.  Anyway, read and
enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo is copyrighted (c) 1992-1998 by AIC * Pioneer LDC. All
rights reserved.  The story "Something is Out There" is mine and
can not be posted with out my written permission.  But I give permission
faster than yahoo can search the web, so just ask.



Chapter 1
"Ah...Things are back to normal"
*Well sort of*

It has been a week since Washu began to bring Muyaka back.  Things
have pretty much began to quiet down and return back to normal.
Well make that as close to normal as they can get.  Tenchi is back
to school and training at the shrine with his grandfather.  With
Muyaka gone for the time being, the ill-willed team up between Ayeka
and Ryoko has run dry and they are once again  literally fighting
for Tenchi affection.  Sasami and Mihoshi are back to their chores
and comics.  Kiyone is back to looking for part-time work and Nobuyuki is
away doing a photo shoot in Tokyo. Everything is back to the way
it was.  Unfortunately, peace never seems to last to long in the Masaki
house.

Around noon, Mihoshi and Kiyone were doing some yard work when the
vid-phone, that they salvaged from Yagami, began to ring.  Mihoshi
heard it first.  She looked at her partner and spoke out, "Hey Kiyone,
the vid-phone is ringing.  I wonder who it could be?"  A look of
annoyance and frustration over took Kiyone's face.  She yelled back,
"Mihoshi use your head, it's has to the Galaxy Police calling us.
Who else would call the vid-phone?!"

Tears began to form in Mihoshi's eyes as she wimperingly replied,
"I'm sorry.  You don't have to be so mean.  I didn't....."  Before she could
say another word Kiyone cut her off.

"Look, don't worry about it Mihoshi, just answer the phone before
Head Quarters hangs up. You CAN do that, can't you?"

"Okay Kiyone, I'll be right back."  Before the words completely
came out of her mouth, she had started for the front door.  She
headed to the room with the vid-phone.  When she got there she quickly
turned it on.  However, something strange happened as soon as she pushed the
on button.  The screen came up, but it was all snowy and the sound was pure
static.

***

Thirty minutes passed by and Kiyone had finished with the yard.
She was so taken by the rare silence that she had forgotten about
Mihoshi.  Kiyone had not missed her until she noticed that she finished
the entire yard by herself. "Oh!!!! Where is she!  This had better
been a very important call for her to take this long," she yelled to
herself. With a look of anger on her face she left to find Mihoshi.  She
headed for the room with the vid-phone.  When she got there, she was exposed
to an unusual site.  Mihoshi was inches away from the vid-phone, the wierd
thing was that she was staring into a blank screen. This is odd, even by her
standards, her partner thought to herself.  Kiyone no longer looked angry,
but curious instead.  She walked over to Mihoshi and put her hands on her
shoulders.  Mihoshi slowly turned her head around and looked at Kiyone.  Her
facial expression was completely emotionless.  When Kiyone looked into her
eyes, it was like Mihoshi's body was there, but her mind was in an entirely
different place.  The silence in the room was broken when Mihoshi spoke, "I
will return."  Her expression then went back to its usual dopey look.

"I will return???  "What in the world do you mean by that?"

"Mean by what Kiyone?"

"What you just said."

"What did I just say?"

"You just said, "I will return."

Mihoshi paused for a second to concentrate on the question.  She
then snapped to attention and said, "Oh! I get it...  This is a
trick question, right?  Okay,  If I said, "I will return," but I'm
already here -- I'll be here, when I leave.  Wait a second, that's not
right."

With that final idiotic remark Kiyone storms out of the room with
her hands on her head, as she prepare for the headache that will some
come she said,  "Why do I even try?"  When Kiyone was completely out of the
room.  Mihoshi turned back to the vid-phone's screen and continued to stare
off into nothing.