DISCLAIMER: No characters in this story belong to me. They belong to 
AIC and Pioneer, and I could definitely get sued if they wanted to take
action. Luckily, they want me to keep buying their products, so that's
unlikely. Any characters I've created, and this story itself is 
property of Me. Please refrain from publishing it elsewhere without my 
consent.

This is Chapter Seven of "No Need For Souls!" It is an interlude 
between the First and Second Series. If you haven't read the first 
series, I suggest you do so before reading further. Please recall that 
the first OAV series took place in 1992, so the fanfic is dated in 
relation to that. Special Thanks to Kelly Loyd, Leon-san, and Lisa Vu
for their aid in proofreading.



No Need For Souls!
A TM! Fanfiction
By RP-Otaku

Chapter Seven: A Lonely Carnival



This is the first time I've had one of these journals, but now that I'm
on the road again, I think it's a good time to start. I haven't been
traveling for too long yet, I'm still trying to decide where to go. I
think of Tenchi every day. I wonder what he's doing right now? 
Sleeping, probably. I only hope he's all right. That no enemies have come
to fight him, that no one has attacked during the night. The last few
nights I've wanted so badly to teleport back, just for a moment, to 
make sure that nothing's gone wrong since I left. But I fear what I 
might find in his room, what he and...Aeka might be doing. I'll never
return. I just can't bear the pain of facing him again. Of facing the
Princess...who might be "Mrs. Aeka Masaki" by now. I miss Aeka too,
though I can't for the life of me figure out why. She was nothing but
trouble, but I wish she was here, if only for me to make fun of her 
bust size one more time. And Sasami! How could *anyone* not miss her?
So fun and playful, and almost too cute to bear. I even miss Washu, the
old cow. Well, kind of, anyway. I hope she hasn't taken the opportunity
of my leaving to try and get that sample from Tenchi again. Oh, Tenchi!
I miss you so much! My arms ache from the pain of not holding you! I
only hope that you're happy with Aeka. She had better take care of you,
or the galaxy's most wanted pirate is gonna be up her Juraian tailpipe
before she can say "Bakemono!" Oh, Tenchi, please be safe.

- Journal of Hakubi Ryoko, July 23, 1993, Earth time.

---

Aeka was very distraught. After Ryoko's departure, Tenchi had become
withdrawn and stayed in his room most of the time. And Aeka still had
not gotten a response for her declaration of love. Tenchi left his room
only to work in the fields, he requested that Sasami bring his meals up
to him.

Sasami was in bad straits as well. Ever since Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki had 
gone away, the girl was chronically depressed. Her usual cheery mood 
had transformed into a bleak exterior, she hardly smiled at all 
anymore. Her meals were just as delicious as always, but dinner was 
quiet, just Aeka, her sister, and Mihoshi.

Washu and Mihoshi did not seem too put out by Ryoko's departure, though
Mihoshi appeared a tiny bit more reserved, and she sometimes asked when
Ryoko would be coming home. Washu rarely left her lab at all anymore,
she said she had a big project in the works. But when Aeka had the 
chance to see her, Washu occasionally would stare into space, a wistful
look in her eyes.

Nobuyuki and Yosho took it in stride; the former reassured by Washu 
that all that was wrong with Tenchi was a minor cold.

Everyone missed Ryoko, and Tenchi blamed himself for causing her 
departure.

---

"Washu-chan?"

"Tenchi-dono? You know I'm in the middle of something important! This
had better be good!" Washu turned around to look at Tenchi as he 
entered the lab.

"Um, Washu-chan, I just want to know if you know where Ryoko is."

Washu smirked. "Thinking of going after her? Don't worry about it, 
she'll be back in her own good time."

"But Washu-chan," Tenchi protested, "that's what you said the last four
times I asked!"

"Tenchi-dono, you've got to give her more time. It's only been a couple
of weeks. She might be back tomorrow, she might be back next year. You
are just going to have to wait. She will be back in her own time."

"Are you even worried about her at all?"

"Of course!" Washu's eyes burned. "But nothing you or I can do will 
bring her back before she is ready!"

"Washu-chan... Can you...speak to her?" Tenchi asked the scientist.

"No." Washu lied. "She's too far away."

"Oh." Tenchi looked at the floor. "How...far away is she?"

Washu threw up her hands in exasperation. "I don't know! I just know
that she's beyond the solar system! Other than that, I can't tell! Now
could you please leave? I'm right in the middle of something here!"

Dejectedly, Tenchi exited the lab.

After he had left, Washu slumped in her chair, blindly staring at the
door. "Ryoko-chan..." she whispered, "My daughter, be strong..."

Hours later, she finally roused herself enough from her melancholy to 
continue her research. Cursing her lack of a proper lab, Washu returned 
to work.

---

Tenchi was passing by Aeka's room when he heard muffled sobbing. His
curiosity piqued, he softly knocked. The crying was cut short.

"What?" Sasami's voice answered from within.

"Sasami-chan, can I come in?"

After a long pause, Sasami acquiesced. Tenchi quietly opened the door
and entered. The little girl sat on her futon, her normally exuberant
pink eyes rimmed with red. "Tenchi-niichan?"

Tenchi sat next to her. "What is it, Sasami-chan? What's wrong?"

"W-why did Ryoko-neechan have to leave? Is...is it because of 
Aeka-oneesama?"

Tenchi sorrowfully shook his head. "No, Sasami-chan. It was my fault 
that she left. I..." Tenchi fell silent.

Sasami looked up at him. "What?" she asked.

"It...was because I couldn't make up my mind... If...I had chosen at 
the beginning, maybe she would have stayed. But..." Once again, his 
voice trailed off.

Sasami tugged on his arm, prodding him to continue.

"Sasami-chan, I don't know who I want to choose! Maybe...maybe if they
gave me a little time to think about it...Maybe then I could have made
up my mind...known who to choose..."

"It's never like that in shojo manga."

"Huh?"

"It's always very romantic...love at first sight, or two people falling
into love slowly over time, or two people falling in love during a 
crisis and saving each other... Or in Nobuyuki's manga sometimes it's 
three or four people falling in love..."

A sweatdrop appeared on Tenchi's head. "Well...uhh...you shouldn't take
my father's manga too seriously... But, Sasami, those are just stories,
it's not real life. Maybe neither of them are meant for me."

"Tenchi-niichan, is Ryoko-neechan ever going to come back?"

"I hope so, Sasami-chan. I hope so."

"If she comes back, will you choose her over Oneesama?"

Tenchi looked at his feet. "I...I don't know. But I'd like to have 
another chance."

---


Washu gasped at her calculations. Impossible! The Shi must be crazy!
Harnessing that sort of power was beyond any normal human! Finally, the
mystery of Akumu Noroi's power and sudden debilitation was revealed, 
but in the most horrible light imaginable! If the Shi succeeded... 
Washu only prayed that Tenchi could master the Light Hawk Wings in 
time.

---

[Ryoko-Chan.]

[Washu! Why Are You Calling Me? Just Leave Me Alone!]

[We All Miss You. Even Mihoshi.]

[Bah! I Don't Want Any Reminders Of That Place.]

[Then Why Did You Take That Photo?]

[...]

[Ryoko-Chan, There Is Great Evil Stirring. We Need You.]

[So, That's Why You Called. I Just Don't Understand Why You Called 
*Me*; I've Never Won A Battle In My Life.]

[Ryoko-Chan, This Is The Most Powerful You've Ever Been. Even When You
Served Kagato, You Couldn't Harness Your Full Power. You Are Very Close
To That Right Now.]

[I've Only Got Two Gems. Tenchi Could Help You Much More Than I Could.]

[Odd, I Almost Could Have Sworn That Your Voice Cracked When You 
Mentioned His Name.]

[Shut Up, Washu. I Don't Even *Have* A Voice When We Talk Like This. 
And Don't Even *Dare* Start Lecturing On The Logistics Of Telepathy!]

[I Thought I Told You To Call Me Mama?]

[How Do You Hang This Damn Thing Up?]

[Heh. It's A Simple Act Of Redirecting Your Mind, My Child...Good Luck,
My Ryoko...]

---

Tenchi was lying on his back in bed, staring at the single jewel still
embedded in his sword. She left it, he thought to himself. She left it,
when she could have taken all of them, and she would be incredibly 
powerful. More importantly, she could have taken them at any time. Even
that first night, the night when Aeka attacked us. Before she even knew
me...No, before I knew her. She's known me since I was born. Ever since
I was born she's been around, and now...

Memories flitted through his mind, reminiscences of his childhood days,
when he would run to the cave to play. It had been his little hideaway,
a place he went to when he needed to escape from the normal world. 
Tenchi remembered when he had set her free, his curiosity leading him
to that underground pool. The skeleton rose from the still water, it
reached for him, took his face in its hands and...Tenchi-ken had flared
up, repelling the oni. Tenchi-ken had interfered the first time Ryoko
had tried to kiss him. He'd been pushing her away ever since.

Now she's gone. Aeka's still here. But... Do I want to marry Aeka? To
become prince, and one day king, of Jurai? I pushed Ryoko back every
time she tried anything, and now she's gone. Now Aeka is trying 
something. So what do I do? I'm pushing her away. Do I love her? Do I
love Aeka? I can't see myself on Jurai, ruling billions. But I also 
can't see myself in the middle of the cosmos as a space pirate. Two 
choices; one is proper, upright, royal. The other is an outlaw, wild,
uninhibited. Correction, she *was* an outlaw. Both are beautiful, both
have extremely short tempers. Maybe I'll just go to Tokyo and settle
down with some nice Japanese, Earth girl. I can see it now, 'Hi honey,
I'm home. Oh, those aren't monsters, they're just some aliens who want
to kill me because I'm really a prince of one of the most powerful 
nations in the galaxy and I've got powers that are basically equal to
a god's. No, it's no big deal at all...'

Tenchi sighed. I hope she comes back soon, I feel awful about how she
left. Thinking I had been seeing Aeka all this time behind her back...
It's none of her business anyway! But I suppose it almost is, I've been
leading her and Aeka on all this time. Should I choose Aeka? She's the
only one left. That's no criteria to choose someone! Ohhh, I don't 
know!

---

A guy tried to hit on me today. I was in a bar on the planet Vespa when
a Juraian came up and asked me what sign I was. Without even thinking I
smashed a sake bottle over his head and told him I was taken. It shook
me up, even now I still feel like I'm Tenchi's. Even though he chose 
that other woman, I still long for him. The feeling only becomes 
greater with each passing day. Ryo-Ohki and I have gone into work as
a freighter, and we've been shipping various spices and sweets. I don't
really need a job, I suppose, but it passes the time, and lets me 
travel around. It surprised me like hell to see sushi in my cargo. It 
seems as if the smuggling business has even reached to an out of the 
way place like Earth. No one has recognized me as the Ryoko who 
destroyed Jurai yet. I'm glad; even though the Statute of Limitations 
has taken effect, I doubt that many Juraians would forgive me for 
destroying so much. It's interesting; I'm finally free of everything, 
yet I still feel so out of place. Everywhere I go I feel like a 
stranger, like I don't really *belong*. I yearn to fly home and crawl 
into Tenchi's arms, where he'll tell me that everything will be all 
right, that I'm finally home where I belong, and nothing will ever 
separate us again.

- Journal of Hakubi Ryoko, August 3, 1993, Earth time

---

Washu had pinpointed their plans down to the star system it was to take
place in. The Shi were very clever, sending Akumu Noroi here first to
test Tenchi's power. A plan to take over the whole of the galaxy, and
the thing they worried about most was the boy who had destroyed Kagato.
Washu grinned. Tenchi would be ready. She would be certain of that.

---

"Tenchi-dono?"

"Yes, Washu-chan?" Tenchi dropped his sword and turned to face the door
as Washu entered his room.

"Tenchi-dono, what I'm about to do I may never forgive myself for, but
if it doesn't work then we're all going to die anyway. You see, Tenchi,
you are going to need at least a certain amount of control over your
Wings in the coming crisis, and if you don't..." Washu shook her
head in resignation.

"Washu-chan, what on Earth are you talking about?" Tenchi asked in 
utter confusion.

Washu answered him with a wild cry and a crimson energy sword appeared
in her hand. She slashed at Tenchi, he cried out in stark terror. When
Tenchi opened his eyes again, Washu's blade hovered mere centimeters 
from his face. And right between the saber and his nose hovered a Light
Hawk Wing. Tenchi sighed in relief. "Washu-chan! What-"

Washu shushed him and disintegrated her sword. "Good. Your Wings are
beginning to become more prominent."

Tenchi looked perplexed.

"In the past your Light Hawk Wings have only come to your aid when you
both tried to call on their power and were trying to help some one 
else. I had to be sure that your Light Hawk Wings would react on 
instinct to protect you, because very soon we'll need that protection."

"Wha...? Washu-chan! What's going to happen?"

"It's not important just now, Tenchi-dono." Washu assured him, walking
out his door. "Soon though, soon."

Confused, Tenchi just watched her leave, certain that he would *never*
understand her.

---

Washu wants me to return. She says there will some sort of threat I'll
have to face. My reply? No way. There isn't anything Tenchi can't 
handle that I can. Now I'm out on my own, for the first time ever, and
she wants me to return. Maybe she wants me to be there for the wedding.
The wedding probably already took place, once Aeka had him, I doubt she
waited very long to make it final. I try to keep my thoughts away from
her and Tenchi, but it's difficult. Today, however, I'm going to make
certain that unpleasant thoughts can't bother me. It's my birthday, I
think I'm entitled to a *little* joy. I wonder if Washu remembers? It
was on this day that I first opened my eyes, took my first breath,
uttered my first word. Tomorrow will be the anniversary of the day 
Kagato took me and Ryo-Ohki. The first Ryo-Ohki. The Ryo-Ohki with me
now is the seventh of her kind. It's a shame that cabbits only live for
a millenium. However, I never became lonely; each Ryo-Ohki passes all
of its memories down to the next Ryo-Ohki, so even though she's the
seventh, Ryo-Ohki is the same cabbit I've had all my life. But enough
reminiscence. I'm going to go out and get incredibly, totally, and 
irreversibly drunk. No regrets, no tears, no sorrow for this one day
of my life, the day that celebrates the *first* day of my life.

- Journal of Hakubi Ryoko, August 23, 1993, Earth time

---

Tenchi sat in the onsen, contemplating Ryoko.

I miss her so much! Without her here, life is so dull! I wake up every
day expecting to see her bloodshot eyes staring at my face. And I 
especially miss those moments when she showed her calm side. I remember
when Kagato was resurrected, and he killed her. It was like my rage 
boiled over and I couldn't help but summon the Light Hawk Wings. I felt
my hatred urge me to wipe that smirk off his face with my sword. And 
her nightmares... That night I held her in my arms, comforted her after
one of those dreams... Then the next day I threatened to kick her out.

Actually, now that I think about it, ever since then she never fought
with Aeka. She even *avoided* battle! I thought there was something
weird going on...especially when she never tried to seduce me. How 
could I have been so blind? All her sacrifices...for me... I never 
asked Aeka to change a thing. All that time I shoved Ryoko away from 
me, and she never left. Until now. Baka! Why *wouldn't* she think that
I'd been seeing Aeka behind her back? I always yelled at her and 
complained about her, but I never said a thing to Aeka. 

Now that I've screwed it up, I want it back the way it was. Why? If I
don't choose, this will just happen again. And Aeka is my great-aunt.
I don't think I could deal with that, even if Jiichan approves of it.
And... More than anything, I want to see Ryoko's face again. That sly
little smirk of hers when she knows she's about to do something she
shouldn't.

Tenchi remembered her pleading with Kagato on board the Soja. Her 
sobbing for the villain to spare him. I've been such a jerk. I don't
know if I love her, but I *do* know that more than anything else, I 
want to see her again. 

---

Oi, why won't Tenchi return my love?

Aeka sat on her futon, frustrated with her lack of progress.

Now that he knows how I feel, he should have done *something*! 
Especially since Monster Woman is gone now! When will Tenchi finally 
get the nerve to do something? Must I confront him again? And everyone
is so distressed now that Ryoko's gone! Even I miss her...a little. But
still, I should be engaged to Tenchi by now, and we could be on our way
to Jurai for him to be named crown prince... Now, he just sits in his
room, staring at that damn sword...

The Master Key. Yosho's Key.

How could this happen? I've traveled halfway across the galaxy chasing
after my fiancee, who tells me that he never intended to marry me in 
the first place. Then I fall hopelessly in love with his grandson, who
now is drowning in guilt and won't even talk to anyone. Or at least not
to me...

I remember the days...the day that we talked in that forest cabin, 
probably when I first started to fall in love with him. Then... when he
gave me Ryu-Oh's seed...and when Ryoko and I tried to copy Sasami's
stupid manga...*that* was embarrassing. And when I woke up after the 
battle with Akumu, and he was there...watching over me...

I can only hope that something changes soon.

---

Washu lit a stick of incense on the kitchen table. The soft scent 
wafted throughout the Masaki home, filling the household with perfume.
[Ryoko-Chan] she called out across worlds.

[Mom, You Called?]

[It's Your Birthday, How Could I Forget?]

[Thanks Mom.]

[So, What Are You Up To?]

[Well, I *Was* In The Middle Of Getting Plastered, But You Interrupted
Me]

[Gomen Nasai. Ryoko-Chan, When Will You Return?]

[Return? To Congratulate Aeka On Her Victory? On Her Marriage?]

[Ryoko-Chan, Come Home.]

[I...I Can't. There's Nothing There For Me.]

[Ryoko-Chan...]

Tenchi wandered into the kitchen, drawn by the scent. "Washu-chan? 
What's this for?" He noticed Washu staring blankly at the wall behind
him. Glancing at the wall, Tenchi saw nothing of interest. Turning back
to the incense, he noticed a small cake next to it. Written in frosting
across the top was 'Happy Birthday Ryoko.' Tenchi gasped. "Washu-chan!"

Washu started in surprise. "Tenchi-dono! What is it?!"

Angrily, Tenchi yelled at her. "Today's Ryoko's birthday! And you 
didn't tell anyone! You're talking to her right now, aren't you?"

Staring into his eyes, Washu nodded.

Tenchi slowly regained his composure. "Washu-chan, can you...why...
why did you lie to us?"

Washu shrugged. "Ryoko-chan didn't want to be found."

Struggling to digest this new turn of events, Tenchi's mind sluggishly
came to a conclusion that Tenchi had not considered, had avoided 
thinking about.

"Washu-chan... Ryoko's not coming back in her own good time, is she? 
She's not...coming back at all..."

Washu replied with a soft "no".

Tenchi closed his eyes and sat down. He drew a long breath. 
"Washu-chan... Tell her... I said 'Happy Birthday'. And... I miss her."

Washu nodded slowly.

[Ryoko-Chan.]

[Yes, Mother?]

[Tenchi Says "Happy Birthday".]

The mental connection suddenly snapped shut.

A tear slowly ran down Washu's cheek.

---

[Tenchi Says "Happy Birthday".]

The glass of sake in Ryoko's hand shattered abruptly. Ignoring the 
blood on her palm, Ryoko stood, paid her bill and walked out of the 
bar. Once outside, she summoned her powers and flew towards her hotel.
Inside her room, she collapsed on her bed and finally let the tears 
flow freely.

Tenchi! Her nerves screamed at her as she wept. She felt an 
excruciating need to return to Tenchi, to hold him and never let go.
She missed him terribly. It was her birthday, and she wasn't with 
Tenchi! She had wanted to be with him so much on this day, but here she
was, alone at a carnival getting drunk. *Anything* is better than this!
She screamed to herself. Anything... To be with Tenchi... Yet... Is it
worth it to stand aside as he kisses his princess? To pretend that you
don't care...?

Anguished, Ryoko cried herself to sleep.




End Of Chapter Seven
The Second Series will begin where this left off. Until then, E-Mail 
Palador98@yahoo.com with feedback. I want to hear from you!