    *A spotlight appears revealing a stage. Vegeta walks out and stands in
the spotlight* "The author of this tripe begged me to do this!" *He takes
his 'Vegeta' stance and scowls* He doesn't own any of these characters. All
Tenchi characters belong to AIC and Pioneer, and that goes for DBZ
characters also! The author also wants me to point out that he will be
referring to and using various MST groups for this story so there! If you
are under the age of 16 then get the hell away now! *scowls at screen*
That's what I thought! Now start this crap already!"

    Only one word could describe the scene before the young man.

    Hell.

    Nothing but endless flames and tortured screams of lost souls filled the
nightmarish place. He couldn't see the other occupants of this place but he
could hear their screams and pleading voices. For some strange reason
however he wasn't afraid. It was as if he knew that the flames wouldn't hurt
him.

    "Bout time you come to, pal!" a scratchy voice came from behind the man.
He turned to see a short man probably no taller than 5'3 staring at him. The
man was hideously obese, and wearing a dirty white t-shirt that stopped
above his bellybutton. He wore grey trench coat, and tight grey pants with
brown shoes that curled at the front. He was practically bald except for the
tufts of white dingy hair on both sides of his head. He had a pointed nose,
and when he smiled he showed his pointed teeth. This man also had a blue
pattern that covered most of his face, and giving him a uncanny resemblance
to a clown.

    "W-who are you?" the man asked.

     "Just call me Clown, baby!" the short man said.

    "What do you want from me?"

    Clown smiled mischieviously. "It's not what I want, but what you want!"
Clown smirked and said, "Do you remeber the last thing that happen to
you......Jeff?"

    Jeff immediately placed his hand on his chest to find the gaping wound
there caused by a certain sayain-jin gone. He also felt different. He didn't
remember being this skinny. Almost as if he had thought outloud a full
length mirror appeared before him. He gasped in shock at what he saw. He
wasn't just skinny he was well built with long raven hair that flowed down
to his back. He wore a skin tight bodysuit that matched the color of his
hair with a white skull painted on the chest. Jeff opened his mouth to speak
but a thunderous voice cut him off.

    "Human. I have given you powers that you couldn't even fathom before
today," the voice sounded as though it was coming from everywhere.

    "W-why?" Jeff aked, trembling slightly from the voice.

    "You committed an act than took the life of an innocent child. Her
innocence lost, her soul was cast down here," the voice responded.

    Jeff eyes went wide. "Y-you mean Sasami!"

    "Yes during your moment of lust she screamed out her hatred for you then
you slayed her. This was all for naught for a group of mortals used their
technology to actually stop it from happening, and I was denied her soul!"
the voice screamed with unmatched rage, causing the ground to quake.

    "You see Sasami's soul is a powerful one. One that can increase the
power of Hell's army! The boss has decided to give you life in return that
you bring him more," Clown said.

    "More?" Jeff said confused.

    "The soul of the innocent. The more you kill the stronger I become.
Relinquish your soul to me and I shall give you the power to avenge your
death. Destroy all those who serve in the name of good. Travel to the
endless of alternate realities and fullfill your darkest desires!," the dark
voice demanded.

    Jeff scowled at the thought of the people who had killed him. He was so
close to his dream.....having Sasami. "No need to say anymore! I will serve
you....Master"

    "Succeed and I will give you your hearts desire. Fail me and suffer with
the rest of these lost souls! Now be gone!" with that said by the sinister
voice Jeff vanished.

    "He'll make a perfect hellspawn!" Clown exclaimed with joy.

    "He had better not Voilator! I still remember your failure known as Al
Simmons!"

    Clown/Violator smirked as his body vanished. "With the other chosen ones
Jeff will come through."

                        SOUL HUNTER: Jeff's return.....

    Jeff looked at his new surroundings. He was aboard a ship, of that he
was sure. He was in a large chamber that resembled a throne room. The floors
were black marble, and the walls made out of some grey metal. The ceiling
was transparent and the sea of stars were visible.

    "Well look who's here guys!" a feminine voice said.

    Jeff glanced at the three figures that entered the room. Jeff had no
trouble recognizing the three strangers. They were all previously dead anime
villans. The first was the one he new as Frieza only there was some
differences. This Frieza was all black and trimmed in gold. A crimson
diamond shaped jewel was embedded in his chest, but otherwise that it was
the same Frieza.

    The second was another Dragon Ball Z villian, perfect-Cell. He too was
now black with red spots instead of his green and black spotted skin. Just
like Frieza his chest also had a crimson jewel in the center of his chest.

    The last person was the infamous Kagato who looked exactly the same from
his battle with Tenchi after he had taken Ryoko's gems. "Well, well our
'leader' has arrived!" Kagato said, smiling.

    "Before you even ask, you are aboard the Soul Hunter," Cell replied.

    "I see. So what is our first objective?" Jeff asked.

    "We are first to rid ourselves of the ones who would attempt to stop
us," Frieza said.

    Jeff sneered. "The msters!" he snapped, clenching his fists.

    A faint beeping sound could be heard, and Kagato responded by summoning
an etheral labtop. "I'm picking up another ship's signal," Kagato sneered.
"It's a mst ship."

    "Oh joy! Now let's have some fun!" Jeff said in a sinister tone.

    Jeff took a seat at his throne. "Show me on screen." With that Kagato
typed away as a large screen appeared showing the enemy ship. "Ok, what
kinda weapons do we have?"

    "Well we have the missles, twenty cannons, and our prized possesion the
Soul Charger," Kagato informed.

    "Hmmm Soul Charger....let's see it!"

   meanwhile on the enemy ship: HMS Zap Rowsdower

    Cyrus Marriner was at the helm of his ship staring at the silver squid
shaped vessel heading in his direction. The ship was massive, he had seen
nothing like it. All attempts to hail the ship had failed and now his
scanners reported that the ship was charging up energy. He had a bad
feeling.

    "What the hell is that thing?" Kiyone screamed at Cyrus.

    "How the hell should I know?" Cyrus snapped. "Computer raise shields to
max settings!" Just as he made the order the entire ship shook from the
barrage of plasma cannons. "Damn, shields dropped to 65 percent!" Cyrus
shouted.

    Duo fell flat on his face. "Shit! What's happening?" Ken helped Duo to
his feet.

    "We are under attack! The others are waiting for us cmon!" Ken shouted,
pulling a dazed Duo along with him.

    "We're screwed!" Misato cried out as the ship was rocked with more
cannon fire.

    Cyrus turned to see Ken enter with Duo staggering behind him. "Wormon!"

    "I already on it! I'm getting us out of here before we're goners!"
Wormon shouted over the blaring alarms.

    "What? Your running! I haven't finished toying with you!" Jeff scoffed,
watching the retreating ship. "Is the Soul Charger ready, Kagato?"

    "Yes!" Kagato exclaimed.

    "Fire!" Jeff ordered. The tentacle appendeges of the ship stretched out
in a star formation, revealing a beak-like mouth at the center. The mouth
opened as a crimson beam of energy burst forth and towards the mst ship. The
Zap Rowsdower couldn't manuver away in time as the beam tore into the back
of the ship. A massive fireball erupted as the MST ship was blown completely
in half. The front half of the ship went spinning towards a nearby planet,
where it vanished into the atmosphere.

    "Direct hit! Let's finish them!" Frieza shouted.

    "Forget it. They were small fry and I doubt they survived the crash.
Besides we got bigger fish to fry," Jeff stated.

    "You mean Brian Weber." Cell said. It was not a question.

    "Yes and most importantly Vegeta!" Jeff screamed as his body cackled
with energy.

    "Let's not forget Ksawarrior!" Frieza mused.

    "Oh don't worry I plan to make them all pay! Now let's go! Find the USS
Brian Drummond's location. After we handle them and Ksa we will rid
ourselves of all Msters!" Jeff snapped.

    Then Sasami......no one will be able to save you.

    Jeff's maniacal laughter echoed throughout the entire ship.

    "That's right baby! Kill! Mame! Rip those goody goody's fuckin hearts
out!" Clown sang, as he danced around Jeff's throne.

    And so a new hellspawn had been born. More sadistic and powerful than
ever, and with his posse of super villians he seems unstoppable. His
quest...to deliver souls to his master, Malboja. For now no one can predict
how the outcome will be as this unholy army begins its attack, but one thing
is certain....

The loss of innocent life will be terrifying.



    Well this was my first fic. What did you think? Now I know everyone is
wondering why I would use someone like the infamous Jeff? Well I needed a
villian that struck fear into the hearts of Tenchi fan. Someone who's very
name caused naseua. So I found him. I have nothing agianst any of the MST
groups. I just got this idea in my head and started typing. Oh and don't
fear Zap Rowsdower fans.I'd also like to say that I don't own Spawn. That
was created by Todd McFarlane (hope I spelled it right) Hell I don't own a
single damn one of these people, and in no way trying to make a profit. I'm
expecting flames, critics, and other respones so I'll be waiting. Stay tuned
for Soul Hunter: chapter 2!

Jay-man