DISCLAIMER: Hey, hey, this here work of fanfiction uses
characters, cabbits, and red-eyed bounty hunters that
are property of AIC and Pioneer. Hey, hey, some of the
characters, cabbits, and bounty hunters in this fanfic
are property of me, though. Hey, hey, please don't sue
me and please don't use this fanfic without my 
permission. Hey, hey, to gain aforementioned permission,
or to give me feedback, e-mail Palador98@yahoo.com

This is the first chapter of the second series of "No
Need For Souls!" Therefore, it's chapter eight. It 
begins shortly after chapter seven ends. Please recall
that this is in the OAV universe and that Nagi and Ryoko
have NEVER met and Ken-Ohki doesn't exist.



No Need For Souls!
A TM! Fanfiction
By RP-Otaku

Chapter Eight: Dangerous Encounters



It was a bright, sunny, typical morning at the Masaki
household. Tenchi woke up slowly, savoring the feel of
sunlight on his face. With a loud yawn, he slowly sat
up. As he opened his eyes, he jumped in surprise. There
was nothing in front of him but a blank, empty, brown
wall. The events of the past months came flooding back 
to him, and he sighed in resignation. Ryoko was gone.

---

Ryo-Ohki gently docked at the space station 'Nirembel'
orbiting the planet Tatakae. Ryoko walked out, expecting
to see someone waiting for her. She was not disappointed;
a tall, well-dressed Juraian greeted her as she 
disembarked.

"Ah, Hakubi-san, you have arrived! And punctual as usual!
You never fail to disappoint. May I unload the cargo 
now?"

"I told you," Ryoko responded, "call me Ryoko. I don't
like all these formalities. You can unload the cargo 
after I've been paid."

"But, Haku-, err, Ryoko," he whined, "after our long 
history together, you still don't trust me?"

Ryoko grunted. "What long history? This is only the
second time I've worked for you. We agreed, 5,000 credits
in advance, and 10,000 credits upon my arrival. Now pay
up."

Grumbling, the man fumbled in his pockets for a moment
before drawing out a thin, rectangular, plastic card.
"Here's your money, Ryoko-san. Now, can I *please* have
my cargo?"

Accepting the credit card, Ryoko graciously waved her
hand. "Of course, Fujii-san. Be my guest."

Immediately, the man called for his underlings, "Alright
guys! Let's go! Hurry up and unload my unagi!"

Ryoko walked away from the spaceport, pocketing the 
credit card.

---

Washu slowly typed away, attempting to pinpoint the Shi's
location. She mourned her lab, without which *everything*
was slower and more difficult. She also mourned her
daughter, whom she hadn't spoken to since her birthday
a few days ago.

The Shi were clever, she had to admit. They'd brought
back Kagato somehow; she wasn't quite sure how they'd 
managed it. They had also experimented with Tenchi's 
Light Hawk Wings by sending Akumu Noroi. She wasn't quite
certain what they would do with the data gleaned from
that, but the Shi were the cleverest she'd ever encountered
in disguising their intentions.

There was a knock at her inter-dimensional door. Without
looking up, she called out an invitation to enter. It 
was Aeka.

"Aeka-dono? What is it?" the scientist asked distractedly.

"Umm, Washu-sama..."

"Washu-chan!" Washu cut in.

"Gomen nasai, Washu-chan!" Aeka apologized desperately.
"Washu-chan, could you help me with something?"

Irritably, Washu replied, "It had better be important!"

Ashamedly, Aeka turned away. "I...I suppose it's not
*that* important, Washu-chan..."

"Good. Then could you please leave?"

"H-Hai." Aeka slowly trudged out the door.

Still annoyed at the distraction, Washu returned to her
work.

---

Ryoko entered the small, crowded bar. She looked around
for someplace to sit, then noticed a pair of empty stools
at the bar. Not thinking much of the fact that the two
stools were placed on either side of a lone figure, she
sat on the leftmost one.

The woman sitting next to her gave her a cool look with
cold red eyes before returning to her drink. She was 
wearing a long black cloak and seemed to have some sort
of warpaint on her face.

Ryoko waved to the bartender and ordered some sake, 
before turning to the woman and attempting to strike up
a conversation. "Hey, how's it going?" she asked.

The woman in the cloak ignored her.

"Hi, my name's Ryoko, how about you?"

The woman didn't seem to acknowledge her, but after a
brief moment of silence, said, "Nagi."

"Hm," Ryoko remarked, "interesting name. Not very common,
is it?"

"No." Nagi replied.

Ryoko was getting exasperated with her, but tried one 
last comment. "Well, I'm a freighter captain, what do you
do for a living?"

Nagi almost smiled. "I'm the toughest bounty hunter in
the galaxy."

"...O-oh really?" Ryoko replied weakly.

Nagi nodded. "It's a funny thing," she remarked, "you've
got the same name as the largest bounty I've ever hunted."

"Is...is that so?"

"Yeah. The space pirate Ryoko, a bounty of eighty-five
trillion credits. A king's ransom, set by the king of
Jurai himself, Azusa. It was set over 700 years ago, and
it expired along with Ryoko's statute of limitations
last year."

"Wh-what a coincidence that she and I have the same 
name..." Ryoko said, thinking to herself, 'eighty-five
trillion?! Kami, Azusa is *cheap*!'

Nagi nodded again. "The crime was committed before I was
born; for the last 200 years I've been keeping my eyes
open for anyone who matched her description: cyan hair,
gold cat-shaped eyes, slightly elongated ears, 163 
centimeters tall, appears about 17 years old." Nagi turned 
to Ryoko. "Would you happen to know anyone by that 
description?"

Ryoko smiled weakly, a sweatdrop appearing on her head.
"N-no, can't say that I have..."

Nagi smirked at Ryoko's discomfort. "Luckily for her,
she's free to go as far as I'm concerned. I wouldn't get paid if 
I turned her in now. I *am* kind of curious where she's been for 
the last seven hundred years, however. I spent quite a bit of my 
time hunting for her. It would be a shame if I never got *anything*
to show for it."

"Oh well," Ryoko replied, "there are some battles you just can't
win."

"I suppose that's true. I was looking forward to fighting that
woman. She's a legend among bounty hunters. But, then again,
so am I."

"You're awfully full of yourself, aren't you?"

"Check any database in the galaxy. I'm merely stating facts."
Nagi took a sip from her glass.

Ryoko was about to take Nagi up on her offer when she recalled
her own need to stay on the straight and narrow. Instead, she
changed the subject. "So, you hunting any big bounties right now?"

"No. There hasn't been anything too big lately. Not since
I took down Vorall..."

Ryoko raised an eyebrow. "Vorall? I thought he was behind
bars."

Nagi shook her head. "He was, briefly. He escaped, though,
and I left another job to go after him."

"You left a job? I thought you said you caught all your
bounties?"

"Well, this one wasn't as much of a bounty as it was a
bodyguard mission. Some Ojoran noble wanted revenge on some
Juraians in some remote part of the galaxy. I told you, 
times have been tough."

"Oh."

Nagi flipped a couple of coins to the bartender and stood
up. "Well, Ryoko, I'll see you around." Nagi walked out of
the bar, her cloak swirling behind her.

---

Aeka nervously paced outside of the door leading to the
floating onsen. She knew Tenchi was in the middle of a 
bath, but she couldn't afford to miss him. She needed to
know, desperately, what Tenchi's thoughts were on the whole
situation of her and Ryoko. She was deathly afraid of the
possibility that Tenchi might love Ryoko, and that she had
blown her own chances by making the first move with him.

As Aeka continued to pace, Tenchi despondently washed 
himself, wondering what he could do to set things right.

---

Washu was searching through intergalactic databanks, 
searching for information on the Shi, soul separation, and
rituals of darkness in the near future. As it happened, she
found two of three, only because the Shi did not publish
the dates and locations of their evil ceremonies.

"On Zenogias, only five days ago, a young woman by the name
of Kyoko Hayato was killed, quite obviously by what was a
failed attempt at soul separation. The woman attempted this
technique unaided and without any sort of training, which
resulted in her spirit being caught halfway outside of her
body. Both body and soul perished immediately.

"It is recommended that no one try this technique at all, 
but especially not without the hundreds of years of 
training used by those who have been able to employ it
successfully.

"When the police investigated the case, they found several
tools of devil worship believed to be used by a fanatic
cult known as the Shi. It is hypothesized that she was 
coerced into attempting this extremely dangerous act by the
cult in order..."

Washu ignored the rest. It wasn't important what the police
thought, they were wrong. The Shi had some sort of greater
reason to use this woman in their plans, but Washu didn't
know what.

---

Aeka nearly jumped out of her skin when Tenchi finally did
open the door and exit the onsen. "Oh, hello, Aeka-san."
he said distractedly as he started to walk past her. 
Urgently, Aeka caught his elbow. Surprised, he turned back
towards her.

"T-Tenchi-sama?" Aeka hesitantly said.

"Aeka-san, was there something you needed to talk to me
about?"

Aeka paused for several seconds, trying to collect her thoughts. 
Finally, she decided to be blunt. "Tenchi-sama... You never 
responded to my kiss."

Tenchi looked down at his toes, blushing. "Well, ah, 
Aeka-san..."

"Better start packing, because we're leaving!" Washu called
to them from down the hall.

Tenchi and Aeka looked at her curiously. "What do you mean,
Washu-chan?" Tenchi asked.

"What do you think I mean? I've got a clue as to the Shi's
whereabouts, and we need to go check it out!"

"We're going to leave the earth?" Tenchi asked.

Washu nodded. "Only for a few days, if all goes well. 
Zenogias isn't that far away."

"What if all *doesn't* go well?" asked Aeka.

"Then we could be away for months! It doesn't matter! Once
again it's up to us to save the galaxy from eternal 
slavery!"

"Ano, Washu-chan," Tenchi interjected, "we've never saved
the galaxy from eternal slavery."

Washu winked at him. "No, but it sounds good, doesn't it?"

Tenchi sighed, defeated. "I suppose so."

---

Ryoko sat quietly in the back seat of a hovercar heading for
a warehouse in 'downtown' Nirembel. She considered her decision
to take up a job as a freighter. It had some advantages and 
disadvantages.

For one, she was able to travel around the galaxy, an 
experience she had been unable to enjoy under Kagato's 
control. However, she longed to take Tenchi with her, to be
able to turn to him and point out a particularly bright
star, or to share in the peace of a planet's unique beauty.

There were times when she turned to her side, about to exclaim
how lovely some landmark or cosmic presentation was, only
to realize that Tenchi was not there.

Also, when Ryoko was busy, unloading cargo and cutting deals,
or simply hanging out at a local tavern, she didn't have
any time to think of Tenchi, so occupied was she. But on
those long trips where she had nothing to keep her company
but Ryo-Ohki...oh, how she longed for him.

The hovercar suddenly jounced to a stop. The thin, violet-
skinned man driving turned to her. "That'll be 123 credits,
Miss." his shrill voice requested of her. Ryoko silently
paid and exited the car.

Ryoko stood in front of a squat, ugly apartment building.
The exterior was covered in trash and graffiti, and most of
the windows were either broken or boarded over. Ryoko looked
it over skeptically. "I can't believe he wants to meet me
*here*." Ryoko muttered to herself.

Within the building was no different. The stained and torn 
carpet smelled of urine. Ryoko cut off her respiratory system
until she located unit 117 and entered.

Inside the small, cramped living space she resumed breathing, 
and found it to be a pleasant, if somewhat overpowering, 
pine tree scent. Her first thought was 'why would there be pine
tree air fresheners on a foreign planet?'. The answer became clear 
immediately.

A middle-aged American man in a navy blue business suit 
greeted her. Ryoko took an involuntary step back.

"Hello," he said, "Miss Hakubi, I've heard so much about
you from my friend, Nobu Fujii. You're consistently on
time and you don't charge too much. I'm William Brown, and
I'd like to enlist your services to take a shipment of goods
to a colleague of mine on planet Zenogias."

Ryoko gulped. "Do you happen to...ah...be with the MiNB?"

William Brown looked surprised for a moment. "How did you know
about us?!" he demanded.

Ryoko grinned at him. Apparently this guy didn't know about
her little 'run-in' with the agency. "Oh, I have my sources.
But that's not important. So, Zenogias is where you get all
those ancient relics you call weapons from, eh?"

Brown looked irritated. "Hakubi-san! I try my best, but I
really am not a very good negotiator with things like that,
considering that I am supposed to uphold the law, and all."

Ryoko waved it off as unimportant. "Well, it's none of my
business. My business is how much I'm going to get paid for
running last millennium's technology over to Zenogias."

"2,000 credits up front. 5,000 on delivery."

"That's lower than what I usually get..."

"Plus, show the receiver of the cargo this card, and tell
him I sent you. He'll have a big job for you."

"Oh really? How big?"

"He said that he'd be willing to pay up to 50,000 credits
for it, total."

Ryoko smiled for a moment, then replied, "and what guarantee
do I have that this is true?" 

Brown gave her a plastic card. "This card has 20,000 credits
on it; consider it your up-front payment."

Ryoko blinked for a moment, then accepted the card, along
with a business card that simply said on it 'MiNB'. "Alright,"
she said, "let's get those museum pieces loaded up!"

---

"Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the first flight of the
Imperial Battleship of the Republic of The Greatest, Most
Brilliant, Most Kawaii Scientific Genius in the Universe,
Little Washu!!"

(Authors Note: Yes, Washu managed to officially become her
own country. At the moment, she's still trying to figure out
how to fit an army inside of herself.)

Washu's announcement echoed in the ears of Tenchi, Aeka,
Sasami, Mihoshi, Nobuyuki, and Yosho. The six residents of
the Masaki home covered their ears and cringed as Washu's
voice was amplified far too much by her microphone.

As for the genius in question, she was standing on a raised
platform, her arm gesturing to the tiny pleasure yacht 
sitting behind her in the grass.

"Washu-chan," Tenchi interjected, "if that's a battleship,
then couldn't this possibly be construed as a hostile act
towards Japan?"

Washu grinned. "Let 'em come! I'll show them this baby's
*real* power!"

A sweatdrop appeared on Tenchi's head as he sighed in 
resignation.

"Washu-san, that ship looks awfully cramped for all seven of
us." Mihoshi observed.

"That, my little snag in the tapestry of perfection, is
where the 'genius' of 'greatest scientific genius in the
universe' comes in! You see, I folded up a whole 'nother
*dimension* in here! When you enter the ship, you will be 
in a dimension TEN TIMES the size of a typical luxury liner!"

Tenchi & Co. 'ooh'd and 'aah'd appreciatively.

"Now, we've got to go without any more delay! I'm serious
when I say that this could be our biggest adventure yet,
and this experience may change us all forever!"

Tenchi looked a little green. "Really?" he asked nervously.

Washu giggled. "Nah!" she laughed. "Just having a bit of
fun! Let's go!"

"Um, Washu-sama, what about my Ryu-Oh?" Aeka asked Washu.

Washu waved it aside as unimportant. "Don't worry, Aeka-dono,
Ryu-Oh will be fine. Remember, it's in another dimension, and
I've kicked in the auto-caretakers, so it will be fine. Same
for you, Mihoshi. Yukinojo is in good hands."

"Arigato!" Aeka and Mihoshi thanked her.

Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Yosho, and Nobuyuki started to 
file onboard, but Washu put out her hand to stop Nobuyuki. 
"Sorry, Nobuyuki-dono, but you're going to have to stay."

"But, Washu..."

"Ah, no buts!  You would just be a liability. Don't worry,
I'll bring your son home safe and sound...and maybe with
a bride or two!"

Nobuyuki's eyes sparkled. "Let me go get my camcorder..."

Washu winked. "Don't worry, I've got my own video equipment."

Nobuyuki chuckled. "Thanks, Washu-chan! You're the best!"

As Tenchi's father walked away, Washu laughed madly. "Of
course, I'm the Number One Scientist in the UNIVERSE!"

Washu entered her ship, and the entry hatch closed behind her.
Nobuyuki watched apprehensively as the ship took off and 
headed for space. He had no idea when he would ever see his
son again.

---

Ryoko watched the dockworkers load her cargo into Ryo-Ohki's 
cargo bay. The cargo bay hadn't been there originally, but 
Ryoko had simply persuaded the cabbit-ship to attach a large
freighter to her underbelly, in much the same way she had done
with Ryu-Oh's cockpit oh so long ago. Now Ryoko had a huge cargo 
ship, and a perfect getaway vehicle if she ever had to abandon 
Ryo-Ohki. Of course, she wouldn't do something like that 
intentionally, but if she ever got into another situation like 
when Aeka had captured her on Ryu-Oh...

After the dock workers loaded Ryo-Ohki and left, Ryoko 
teleported to Ryo-Ohki's bridge. She was immediately greeted
by a plaintive 'miyaa'.

"Yeah, I know. You don't like this form as much as your cabbit
form. But it's necessary for us, Ryo-Ohki! If anyone realized
that the owner of a ship that also turns into a furry animal
has to be the 'infamous Ryoko', then I could, *we* would be
in serious trouble!"

"Miya!"

"What?! You think I'm going to bribe you?"

"Miya, miya, miyaa."

"That's insane! How many carrots do you think I can *fit* into
the cargo bay?!"

"Miya."

"Oh, jeez. You little wheedler. Alright, alright, I'll try and
get you all those carrots...but you'd better not be too 
bloated to fly!"

"Miya!"

"Don't get too cocky. Now, set a course for Zenogias. We've 
got some cash to collect." Ryoko laughed in delight. Ryo-Ohki
took off and set her course for a small planet not too far
from Earth.

---

A few days later, Washu's little ship was maneuvering through
a thin asteroid field. The six passengers were sitting in a 
simulated beach, and enjoying the warm sun and cool water, 
when an alarm went off without warning. Washu immediately 
materialized her phantom laptop and punched a few keys.

"Hmm," she said to herself, "an unidentified ship, heading our
way. Looks like a pirate to me."

Tenchi's head shot up at those words, and without thinking,
asked Washu, "Ryoko?"

Washu sat a moment, looking at the screen, before answering.
"No, not that pirate. This is a drastically different make than 
Ryo-Ohki."

"Oh." Tenchi said despondently.

Washu shot him an odd glance, then proceeded to say, "They're
hailing us, I'll call them up on the big screen, so you all
can see them too."

"Big screen?" Aeka echoed, just a moment before a huge 
video screen lowered itself from a hidden compartment in the
ceiling.

The screen flickered on to reveal a dangerous-looking thin
man with white hair. He smiled, showing sharp teeth, before
face-faulting. "Huh? How can that be- But... Your ship's 
bigger on the inside than out!" It was then that he noticed
all of the women and whistled. "Hey, man, you've got a nice
haul there, I think they'd make a great prize for me, the
magnificent Kaji the Pirate! And that ship! What a beauty!"

Kaji the Pirate cleared his throat before proceeding. "Anyway,
back to business. I've got hundreds of men just waiting to
pounce on you the moment you make a single wrong move! Now,
hand over your women, your money, and that ship, and I'll
let you go in an escape pod."

A murmur of uneasiness ran through Tenchi and the gang. Washu
turned to her companions. "Alright, if we're to believe 
stereotypes, then this fellow here is lying through his teeth
about the hundreds of men part so he can easily claim all of
our riches. Even if he had hundreds of men, however, all of
his guns couldn't get through our incredibly tough shields,
making any assault on us useless. Therefore, I'm led to 
believe that the wisest course of action would be to blast 
this Koji Pirouette fellow out of the sky and continue on our
way. Any objections?"

Everyone else was silent, except Kaji himself. "That's KAJI
the PIRATE!! And what makes you so damn cocky, woman?! I'll
tell ya what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna blast ya!"

Washu whispered to the others, in a stage whisper of course,
"You see, this guy isn't too smart. He totally forgot that
he wanted to steal from us and is instead relying on the 'brawn
over brains' rule."

"I heard that! Evil Space Pirates That Serve Under Kaji the 
Pirate, ready the Ion Cannon!"

Hundreds of voices crackled over the com-link, "Yes, oh great
Kaji the Pirate!"

A sweatdrop appeared on Washu's head. "Awfully full of yourself,
aren't you, Kiji the Primate! Well I've got some... Hold on
a second! Ion cannons are available in mass numbers nowadays!?
Wow, I *have* been asleep for awhile, haven't I?" Washu
smiled nervously. "Tenchi-dono, I believe that now would be
a good time to head for an escape pod."

Tenchi face-faulted, but quickly regained his composure. 
"Ano...Washu-chan...where is the escape pod?"

With a few quick taps of her keyboard, Washu created a doorway
in the middle of the room. "Also, I would suggest some decent
clothing. There should be spares in the pod."

Tenchi, Aeka, Sasami and Yosho all headed through the doorway,
but Mihoshi stayed with Washu on the beach. "Washu-chan, why
didn't you install anything to counter an ion cannon?"

Washu slammed her fists on her laptop, dissipating it. 
"Because I didn't know they were available to common thieves!
Maybe if someone had kept me updated during the five thousand
years I was *asleep* I could have prevented this, but..."

Washu was cut off as a sudden explosion rocked the ship, and
the sand disappeared around the two of them. Within a second
or two, the dimensional door disappeared as well. "This..."
Washu murmured, "is *not* good."

"Washu-chan, what's going on? Where did the beach go?" Mihoshi
asked, just as the lights flickered out.

"Simple, oh blundering one, they hit us with an ion beam. All
of the electronics of the ship are burnt out by now. We have
no lights, no working doors, no simulated beach scene, and
only limited life support. That dimensional door flickered out
because it connected to an actual door on the ship, which is
now non-operative."

"So how do we escape? And can Tenchi-san and Sasami-chan and 
the rest of them escape now?"

"The escape pod's electronics aren't connected to the ship's
in any way. They'll get out safely, and so will we."

---

Tenchi pushed Aeka, Sasami and Yosho in the pod before him,
and when he was about to enter, Sasami asked, "Tenchi-niichan!
Mihoshi-neechan isn't here! We have to go back!"

Tenchi looked around, panicking, just as the lights went out.
"Stay here! I'll try and go back to find her!"

"I'll come too!" Sasami cried out after him, scrambling to 
get out of the confines of the escape pod.

"No, Sasami-chan!" Tenchi cautioned her, turning back. "It's
too dangerous! If I'm not back in three minutes, go without 
me!"

"Forget it, Tenchi-sama!" Aeka yelled, "We're not leaving
without anybody!"

At that moment, the ship jerked around, throwing Tenchi to his
knees. He cried out in pain. "Ah! I think I cut my leg on 
something!"

Aeka's eyes widened. "Tenchi-sama! We have to leave NOW! 
They're initiating a tractor beam! If we get caught by that,
the escape pod will never be able to escape!"

"But Mihoshi..."

"Oh, Tenchi-san!" Mihoshi's voice chirped.

"Miho-san? Where are you?"

Washu's voice cut in. "There's no time to explain! All of you,
escape quickly! I'll hold off the tractor beam for you to
escape, then Mihoshi and I will get out on our own!"

"Washu-san! We can't leave you!" Tenchi cried out desperately,
making his way back towards the emergency lights illuminating
the circular entrance to the escape pod.

"That's Washu-*chan* to you, buddy! Just go! I have my own
escape route!"

Tenchi dove into the escape pod, Sasami closed the hatch just
as he got in. Aeka wrenched at the lever to start the pod,
and the escape pod flew away from the ship like it was being
shot out of a cannon.

Watching the stars spin around through the single porthole in
the pod, Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief. They had all
escaped from that pirate loon. At least he *hoped* Washu and
Mihoshi had escaped. He would just have to trust in the
scientist.

Tenchi jumped as something stung his shin. He looked down to 
see Aeka cleaning a shallow cut that he had received in the
darkness, trying to escape. "Thank you very much, Aeka-san."

Aeka blushed and nodded. Whether Tenchi loved her or not, she
still loved him, and would protect him as best she could. She
vowed to herself that nothing would ever harm Tenchi while she
had any say about it. No matter his feelings toward...that
other woman.

Suddenly they all realized that they still wore their bathing
suits. Aeka immediately hit a button that opened a hatch full
of clothing.

"Wow," Sasami remarked, "Washu-neechan prepares for everything!"

Yosho flipped another switch on the inside of the pod. Tenchi
looked over to his grandfather with interest. "What is it,
Jiichan?"

Yosho replied as a tiny computer console raised itself up from
the ground, "I'm going to find out where we are and set a
course for the nearest planet. According to this, the nearest
planet is Chiyo, but it's in the wrong direction. Aeka, if you
will direct us to the coordinates 1243x8832y5430z we should 
reach Sakaguchi in less than 24 hours."

Tenchi looked at his grandfather in awe. "How did you learn 
all this stuff about space travel?" he asked.

"Don't be stupid, boy," Yosho reprimanded Tenchi, "700 years
ago I was royalty in this region!"

"So we're near Jurai?"

Aeka sighed. "Tenchi-sama, please. The Juraian Empire is the
largest in the galaxy. This sector is just a tiny piece of it.
It would take nearly a week at full speed to reach Jurai from
here."

"Oh."

"Uh-oh."

Alarmed, Tenchi turned to his grandfather. "Jiichan, what's
wrong?"

Yosho rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Everyone should hold on
to something. An asteroid is about to collide with us."

"What?!"

"Actually, it will only deal a glancing blow. If it collided,
there would be no way we could survive."

The proximity alert inside the escape pod went off.

Running through Tenchi's mind was the thought, 'Why must I be 
put through these sorts of things?!'

With a sickening lurch and an echoing crash, the pod and 
asteroid collided. Tenchi and his friends were thrown against
the walls terrifyingly hard. With a crack, Tenchi felt pain
ripple through his left arm and he let go of the seat he was
hanging on to.

Tenchi lay on the floor groggily, his brain only barely 
registering the fact that everyone else seemed to be unconscious.
He thought to himself, what are the chances of an asteroid
colliding with us just now of all times? It just doesn't make
sense... Then everything went black.

---

Comforting, reassuring darkness. A bright, painful spear of 
light. Back to the darkness, but the memory of the light remains,
along with the knowledge that he must once again face it.

Tenchi opened his eyes. He was lying in a not-comfortable-but-not-
quite-uncomfortable bed. The next detail he noticed was that he
was in some sort of hut, with three other beds in a row to his
left. In each one was lying a resident of the Masaki home. Tenchi 
tried to get up, but his first movement disabused him of the 
notion. His body ached everywhere.

To his right was a door, which, as he watched, slowly swung open.
In the doorway stood a tall dark-haired man, about in his late 
thirties. He wore long red robes and a curiously designed silver
pendant. Tenchi thought the design could be best described as an
Omega symbol, but many other interwoven decorations confused
the pattern.

In a deep, rumbling voice the man said, "Good morning, o falling
stars. I am Minister Joban of the Tikanese Sect. May I ask whom
you might be?"

Tenchi responded groggily, "Where are we?"

"On the planet Souryou, about 150 seth north of the equator."

"Seth?"

"Uh, it is how we measure length on this world."

"How big is one?"

"Well, if you've never been to this planet, it would be too hard
to explain. Let's just say you are about halfway between the 
equator and the north pole, in the western hemisphere."

"Okay..."

"May I ask your names?"

"Oh, sorry. My name is Tenchi, that's Aeka and Sasami, and the
old man is my grandfather..."

"Yosho." Minister Joban interjected.

"What? How did you know?"

Joban drew from his robes the Master Key, Tenchi-ken. "I know
certain things about Jurai's royalty. This answers many questions,
however, about recent goings-on."

"Can we get a ship from here to Zenogias?"

"Normally, you would be able to, but you've caught us in something
of an awkward situation...Souryou is in the middle of a huge
political upheaval. Well, technically, there's a civil war going
on. No ships arrive or leave without permission from the High
Council of the Empire, or the Matriarch of the Rebellion."

"Could we get permission from one of them?"

"No, unless you're some kind of war hero. And if you try to 
escape on your own, you'll get shot down quicker than a Wraith in
a nest of Spore Colonies."

"What?"

"Err, nothing. Just an expression. If you sit tight, you can
probably get off this rock when the war's over. It'll probably
be in less than a decade or so..."

"What?! We can't wait that long!"

Joban shrugged. "Sorry, there's nothing else I can do. You 
Juraian nobles have long life spans anyway, why should you worry?"

"We...kind of have something to do. Something urgent."

"Like what?" Joban challenged.

"Uh...well...you see...I'm not really sure."

Joban stared at Tenchi blankly.

"Washu told us we had to go to Zenogias to stop the Shi and she
didn't tell us anything else."

"Hold on. You're mixed with Hakubi Washu AND the Shi?! You guys
are the craziest bunch I've ever seen! Alright, I'll help you
however I can, it's the least I can do for Yosho-sama."

"Domo arigato." Tenchi thanked him.

A beep went off on Joban's person. The man casually reached into
his robes and withdrew a walkie-talkie. After a brief conversation, 
Joban hung up and addressed Tenchi.

"It looks like I've got to go for now. Sorry to leave you all 
alone, but I have to attend to church business."

"Church business?"

"Yes. I'm a minister in the Tikanese Sect, remember?"

"Tikanese Sect?"

"Do you repeat everything people say? It's a religious sect here
on Souryou. And I'm a minister of it. Got it? Now, I've really
got to go." Minister Joban waved and left, shutting and locking
the door behind him.

Now *that's* odd, Tenchi thought. Why would he lock us in? We're 
obviously no threat to him, and he seems pretty friendly. Though
he sure knows a lot about the Juraian Royal Family. He even
knew that jiichan is Yosho, even though he looks so much older!

---

Tenchi's three companions had woken up, and he had just finished
explaining the situation to them.

Yosho nodded silently. "If it is anybody that I knew on Jurai, 
they have changed their name. I knew no one named Joban, and 
very few religions flourish on Jurai. You see, though religion 
is not actively suppressed, so many people worship Tsunami and 
the Trees as deities that other religions don't have much of a
chance to grow. There certainly was no Tikanese religion.
However, he must have known me from somewhere...unless he is
one of our enemies?"

"Do you really think so?" Aeka asked.

"It is a possibility we should not overlook. In the mean time,
we should try to glean more information about this world and its
civil war from our host. And we need food, and soon." On cue, Yosho's 
stomach growled.

The Juraians all turned as one at the sound of a crash from outside.
Muffled yelling, then the sound of someone running followed it. The
runner neared the room and the door suddenly splintered open with a
crash. A bald man with an ax stood in the entryway.

"I knew it!" the man shouted. He pulled a walkie-talkie out of his
leather jacket. "Four unregistereds in Joban's house. Two match the
ID's of princesses Aeka and Sasami of Jurai!"

"We're on our way." a voice crackled from the walkie-talkie.

Aeka stood up, shouting imperiously, "What is the meaning of this? I
am a princess of the royal house of Jurai! One does not break into my
chamb-" Aeka cut herself off and dove to the floor as the man drew a
laser pistol.

"Aeka and Sasami come with me. You two others stand against the wall."

Several other men crowded into the room, leveling lasers at the 
Juraians. The Juraians did as they were told. Tenchi looked at his
grandfather, seeking guidance. Yosho simply stared straight ahead at
their captors.

Aeka and Sasami were led out of the room by the first man that had 
arrived. Just outside of the doorway he was met by Minister Joban.
Joban handed over a small box, saying, "This is the Master Key. I'm
sure you'll find it useful in some way, Maestro." Joban bowed deeply
and retreated out of the Juraians sight.

Tenchi's eyes widened as he realized Joban's betrayal. He could only
watch helplessly as Aeka and Sasami were handcuffed with what seemed
to be ropes of green-white energy. Sasami cast Tenchi one last
mournful glance as she was led away.

The remaining men shackled Tenchi and Yosho in steel manacles and
roughly shoved them out of the room. "Where are you taking us?" 
Tenchi asked one of the men. 

The man grinned at him. "To Hell, boy. You're going to Hell." He began
to chuckle evilly.

Tenchi felt his heart sink.





Well, enough of Chapter Eight! In Chapter Nine: A special appearance
from a GP officer, and Nagi returns. Oh yeah, and what in the world
happened to Washu and Mihoshi? E-Mail Palador98@yahoo.com with 
Questions, Comments, and Criticism! If you don't, I'll hunt you down
and...well, I won't find you, since I don't know who you are or where
you live, and if you don't e-mail me I won't know your e-mail address
either, so it would really be pretty pointless for me to threaten you
or your family, actually, I wouldn't even hunt you down, since I'm not
even sure you read this, well, I know you read this, since you must be
reading it or you wouldn't know what I was saying, but I don't really
know that you read this, because I don't know who you are or anything
like that, but if you're not reading this you don't know I'm writing
that I don't know you're reading this even though I know you're
reading this. Um...bye.