DISCLAIMER: Hopefully, by now you should know what's up. None of the
characters, cabbits, or horrible cooks in this story belong to me. 
They belong to AIC and Pioneer. Please don't sue me! *Ahem* The story 
and any characters I created belong to ME! If you use them without my
permission, I'll be really peeved, but it's not like there's anything
I can do about it.

This is chapter five. It comes after chapter four. Wow. If you haven't
read the previous chapters, I suggest you do so before you read this
one, or you may end up totally lost and confused. Special Thanks to
Kelly Loyd, Leon-san, and Lisa Vu for proofreading. Here we go!



No Need For Souls!
A TM! Fanfiction
By RP-Otaku

Chapter Five: Fight For Life



A tall Ojoran quickly marched down the corridor, his boots echoing 
loudly against the deck. His skintight battlesuit was covered by a 
long gray cloak. His red eyes narrowed as he reached the door he was
looking for. Nodding at Lieutenant Gai, Commander Yuushou knocked on 
the door.

"Enter, Commander Yuushou." A deep voice beckoned from within.

Yuushou slowly opened the door and entered the room beyond. The huge
chamber was mostly empty, except for a raised platform at one end. On
the platform sat a huge cushioned chair, adorned with gold, silver, 
and gems of every size and shape. On the chair sat an Ojoran, the only
visible part of him was his red eyes.

Yuushou bowed deeply. "Captain! The navigator wishes to know our 
destination!"

"Okayama, Japan. Near the Masaki shrine. The home of Nobuyuki and
Tenchi Masaki."

"Yes sir!"

"Prepare a welcoming party for them. One of our best fighters. Nagi."

"Nagi? But she is..."

"No excuses!" The captain stood swiftly and pointed towards the
commander. "Commander, if you cannot fulfill your role, then I shall
get another to replace you! Do you wish to incur my wrath?"

"No Captain! It's just that Nagi is..."

With a flick of his wrist, the captain of the ship sent a fireball 
careening towards the commander. In the blink of an eye, Commander
Yuushou was reduced to a smoldering pile of ash.

"Lieutenant Gai!"

A short man, also in combat uniform, entered. "Yes, Captain?"

"Clean up Commander Yuushou. Prepare the troops for combat readiness.
Assign Nagi to guard duty."

"Yes sir! However, Nagi has left the ship. She received a larger 
bounty and ditched, sir."

"I...see..."

As the lieutenant exited with the paper bag full of Commander Yuushou,
the cloaked figure face-faulted.

---

"Washu! When do I get my gems back?" Ryoko complained to the petite
scientist. "I need to have some sort of a *weapon* when this guy 
arrives!"

The scientist turned towards Ryoko. They were standing in front of the
lake. Near them, Aeka was using the VR headset, and Yosho was 
attempting to help Tenchi walk. "Ryoko-chan. I'll give you your gems
after the enemy arrives. I don't want to risk a relapse."

"But how can I fight him if I have nothing?"

"You want a weapon? You can have one." Washu reached into subspace.
After rummaging around for a moment, she came up a long, ornate sword.
Handing the weapon to Ryoko, she said, "There you go. A weapon."

"This piece of scrap metal?! It's just a glorified letter-opener! I
need a *real* weapon, Washu, not this ancient *junk*!" Ryoko held the
blade disdainfully. With a groan, she stabbed it into the grass.
"Come on, genius scientist, give me something to shoot with!"

Washu smirked. "Fine. Here's something." From subspace she pulled out
a variety of laser pistols and rifles, several grenade launchers, a
minigun, and a pocket protector. Giggling, she grabbed the pocket
protector and stuffed it back into subspace. "Gomen, that last one
wasn't supposed to be there."

Ryoko gawked at the array of weaponry for a moment. "Okay, Washu. 
These will do nicely." As Ryoko admired the guns, Washu walked away,
smiling. Behind her, she heard a yell of protest. Immediately, her
daughter appeared in front of her.

"Washu! What's the meaning of this? None of them are loaded!"

"Really? How odd. I wonder how that could have happened." Washu 
replied innocently.

"Washu..." Ryoko growled warningly.

"Now, now, Ryoko-chan," Washu patted her daughter on the cheek, "You
shouldn't be so anxious to run off and kill people."

As Washu walked towards the house, Ryoko stood still, stunned. Is that
really all I'm doing? Just more killing? What's the difference, then,
between my freedom and my slavery? Ryoko looked over to where Tenchi
was hobbling around. He's the difference. I'm not killing for profit.
I'm not killing for pleasure. I'm not even killing because I have to.
I'm protecting Tenchi. And anyone who wants to hurt him will feel my
wrath. I swear it! Ryoko's fists clenched, and she teleported out of
sight.

---

"Washu-sama?" Mihoshi greeted Washu as the scientist entered the 
Masaki home.

"Hai, Mihoshi-san?"

"Is it true that we're going to fight an Ojoran who's been giving 
Ryoko-san bad dreams?"

"Hai. He will arrive soon, and there will be a showdown between him 
and us."

"Oh." Mihoshi drew herself up into a rigid salute. "As a member of the
Galaxy Police, I feel it is my duty to assist you in this battle!"

Washu smiled at the detective. "Well, Mihoshi, you'd better get ready,
because the main event starts in only a few hours."

"Really? Then I've got to prepare for battle!" Mihoshi swiftly and 
determinedly ran upstairs to retrieve her GP control cube.

Washu summoned her phantom computer and began typing, hoping to predict
probable outcomes for the upcoming clash.

---

Aeka entered her room; Sasami sat upon her futon, silently
crying. "Sasami?" She asked, "What's wrong?" It was a hollow, empty
question, Aeka knew. Sasami's best friends are going into battle,
perhaps not to return.

"Oneesama..." Sasami whispered. Aeka sat down next to her sister,
placing an arm around the young girl's shoulders. "Sasami, don't
worry, we'll all make it back." The older princess tried to comfort 
her sister.

"Oneesama... I... I dreamed... You fought, all of you fought...and 
you tried to hit him, but your attacks just went through him... No one
could touch him... And then... then he just raised his arm, and all of
you fell down...dead..." The little princess began sobbing anew 
into her sister's shoulder. "Oneesama... I'm scared for you!"

Hugging Sasami close, Aeka responded, "Don't worry Sasami, there's no
way I'll let anything happen to *any* of us."

"Even Ryoko-neechan?"

"Yes, even Ryoko."

"You promise? You're sure that all of you are going to be alright?"

"Hai, Sasami. We're all going to be just fine."

Hesitantly, Sasami accepted Aeka's promise. "Okay... But you better 
make sure!"

Rocking the young girl gently back and forth, Aeka replied, "Don't
worry... Everything will be just fine... There's nothing to be worried
about..." A spectator might have thought it sounded like she was 
trying to convince herself...

---

Tenchi sat on his bed, back in his room. His grandfather was with him,
observing the young man's recovery. Tenchi was resting, still 
depressed that he could not aid his friends in the struggle. "Daiichi
Hakkensha Blues" played softly in his stereo.

"Do not worry, Tenchi. Ryoko and Aeka can handle themselves." Yosho
assured him.

"I know that, Jiichan. But I feel like I should be out there with 
them. I need to..."

"Protect them? You must realize, Tenchi, that there are times when 
others must take care of themselves, just as there will be times when
they will need your help. You cannot help them, so you must have faith
in their individual abilities. You cannot take the burden of their
defense upon yourself every time there is a threat."

Tenchi contemplated his grandfather's words for a long while, then 
there was a knock on the door.

"Tenchi? It's me, Ryoko. May I come in?" Ryoko's voice asked politely
from beyond the door.

Startled by Ryoko's politeness and the fact that she had actually 
knocked, Tenchi shakily answered that she may.

As Ryoko entered, Yosho quietly slipped out the door, leaving the two
of them alone.

"Ryoko? What is it?" Tenchi asked her.

Ryoko closed the door behind her, slowly walked over to Tenchi's
bed, and sat down beside him. "Tenchi... I... I want to thank you."

"What?" Tenchi asked, confused.

Ryoko smiled warmly at him. "These past months have been the greatest of
my life, in fact, really the only time that's been my own ever since
Washu created me. Actually, I suppose it started long before that,
a little over eighteen years ago, the first time I saw you pass by my
cave. That memory is still so clear for me. You were being carried on
your mother's back, still an infant. Your eyes shone brightly as you
looked around at your new surroundings, taking in all the life and wonder
and color that you beheld for the first time. And then you saw me. I
had not expected it, Tenchi, I was simply watching you out of 
curiosity. But you *saw* me, something that had not occurred once in
my seven hundred years of imprisonment. It filled me with hope, for
it was the brightest sign I'd seen since my imprisonment. After that,
you often came to my cave, though you never again saw me watching you.
I watched you grow, and I felt that you may have known I was there.

"I was there through all of your life, Tenchi, your happiness, your 
joys, your sorrows. Tenchi, I was there... When your mother died,
and you came to cry at my cave, I was there. I wished to any Kami that
might have been listening that I could have comforted you, held you,
protected you from that pain, but all I could do was sit there! I...
I was helpless, Tenchi, and at that moment, I think I suffered more
pain than ever before in my life, when I realized that I could not be
with you." Ryoko had grasped Tenchi's hand in both of hers, and tears
began to slowly form in her eyes. Softly, Tenchi squeezed her hands in
compassion.

"Tenchi... It was then that I determined that I would leave the cave,
escape my prison. I stored what energy I could, letting my body rot
and decay... As my flesh withered, I began to create a gem of power,
to break free of my captivity. I continued to watch you as I prepared
my escape. I stayed with you for your entire life, and then you and
your father left, to go to the city. It broke my heart, Tenchi, I
thought I might never see you again... I can't tell you how much it
hurt me then, Tenchi..." Tenchi began to apologize, but Ryoko pressed
a finger to his lips. "Shhh, Tenchi. Never apologize for things that
are out of your control. I don't blame you, Tenchi, I could never do
that. 

"It was all made up to me a few summers later, when you came back to 
the shrine. It was that summer that you defied your grandfather's 
edict never to go into the cave, and you entered, daring the legend of
the evil oni. And you rescued me. I tried to kiss you, Tenchi, to tell
you how I felt about you, to explain that I had known you all your 
life. But Yosho's sword intervened. I had not expected it, and because
I had allowed myself to decay, you were frightened. I was a hideous 
creature, perfectly matching the description of an ancient oni. You 
ran in fear, and I called after you futilely, but you were too scared. 
When you had fled, I easily escaped and restored myself."

Ryoko gripped his hand tighter. "Tenchi... It was then that everything 
went wrong. I... You attacked me, there in the cave... It was... I felt
as if I had failed you, as I had failed Kagato, and... Tenchi... You 
punished me!" Ryoko cried out in sorrow. "Tenchi, I felt like you 
punished me, and I was afraid that I would never find joy. That my 
dreams were hopes that would never be! I attacked you, Tenchi, to see 
what you would do, if you would try to fight. I desperately prayed that
you would apologize, but then that sword attacked again! Tenchi... I 
was ready to kill you then, but the sword protected you. It was the 
greatest fear of my life when you counterattacked. I feared that you 
would kill me, out of spite and fear and hatred. But... Tenchi..." 
Ryoko smiled at him, blinking away tears. Tenchi hesitantly smiled back. 
"Tenchi, you told me that you *were* sorry. That the sword had done it 
on it's own. When I realized that all of the mistakes had been mine, 
for testing you like that... Well," Ryoko grinned, "I forgave you. 
Tenchi... Ever since then, I've had the time of my life, the constant 
competition with Aeka, and everything I've shared with you. It's been 
wonderful."

Ryoko let go of Tenchi's hand and clasped her hands in front of her. 
Tenchi reluctantly let his hands fall to the bed. "Tenchi, do you 
remember when you used to play outside my cave? Do you remember those 
days? Did you ever feel me watching over you? I want to know, Tenchi. 
If I lose this battle, I want to know whether you shared those days 
with me, or if it was all in vain."

Tenchi gulped. He tried to recall his youth, trying to ignore the 
intense golden eyes that stared at him in hope and apprehension. It 
was all fuzzy, but Tenchi remembered the cave. He remembered when he
played under the sunshine, outside of the locked gate. He remembered 
the cave so fondly, it was a place where he never felt alone, a place
he had run to for comfort, because it was his only refuge left...
"Yes, Ryoko. I remember the cave as a place where no one would hurt 
me, where I wasn't alone. I always felt comforted there."

Ryoko smiled gladly. "Thank you Tenchi. My opponent will arrive soon,
I must engage in battle. Tenchi... I'm not fighting because I want to
anymore... Ever since I met you, all of the joy is drained from 
combat. Tenchi... I will protect you, with my life. As long as I am
alive, you will not come to harm. No matter the price, Tenchi, you 
will survive."

"Ryoko," Tenchi said, trying to reassure her, "it won't come to that. 
Don't talk like that Ryoko, no one is going to die."

Ryoko stood. "That's right, Tenchi. No one is going to die. I'll make
certain of that. Washu probably still has my DNA patterns somewhere,
if I am destroyed, she'll just rebuild me."

"Ryoko! What are you talking about?"

"Tenchi, we both know I'm an artificial creation. Washu just combined
her DNA with something else's, and she got me. I'll never wear out,
I'm flesh and blood, and the perfect weapon." Ryoko gave a tired smile.
"I'd say she did pretty well. If I'm destroyed, it's no big deal,
Tenchi."

Angrily, Tenchi retorted, "Don't be foolish! You're just as much a 
human as I am! I don't want you to die!"

"Do you really mean that, Tenchi?"

"Of course!"

"Well it's too late to do anything about it now. My fate is sealed, 
for good or ill." She smiled at him. "I'm glad you care, though."

"Ryoko! You're being stupid!"

"Is it so stupid to want to save your life? Tenchi, wish me luck."
With that, Ryoko walked over to his door, opened it, and departed.

As Ryoko closed the door behind her, Tenchi stared after with haunted
eyes. Don't get yourself killed, Ryoko. "Luck..." He whispered after
her. On his stereo, "The Lonely Moon" began to play.

---

On the rooftop of the Masaki residence, Ryoko sat, cross-legged. She
cupped her palms in front of her. She closed her eyes and furrowed her
brow in concentration. Thin lines of red energy descended from the sky
and ascended from the grass and trees around the house. The threads of
light converged in her palms, glowing. Ryoko clenched her teeth, and 
the bands of power grew slightly thicker, more vibrant. Between her 
palms, a tiny sphere began to form. The size of a pea, the orb began to
grow. It glowed red, along with the lines of power that were creating 
it. After another moment, the bands of energy began to disappear. The 
threads disintegrated, leaving a small, spherical gem between Ryoko's 
hands. A sheen of sweat on her forehead, Ryoko grinned. The red jewel 
glowed blue for an instant, then fused itself to Ryoko's left wrist. 
Even this small measure of defense would be welcome. Though the gems 
she created herself weren't nearly as powerful as her true gems, it 
would give her something to fight back with. And that Ojoran bastard 
wouldn't be able to control her. Ryoko clenched her fist with the
thought of him. Next time, Ryoko promised silently, it's gonna be 
different.

---

"Tenchi-sama?" Aeka entered Tenchi's room quietly, shutting the door
behind her.

"Hai, Aeka-san?" Tenchi asked.

"Tenchi-sama, you realize that we may all die today."

Tenchi sighed. "It seems like everyone is thinking like that today."
The young man stood and put his hands on Aeka's shoulders and looked
her in the eyes. "No one is going to die. We beat Kagato, this guy 
will be no problem, don't worry."

"Tenchi-sama! You don't understand! Compared to this man, Kagato was
a flea to be swatted aside! This man is like a devil! Once he's set his
mind on something, nothing can stop him!" Aeka exclaimed in 
frustration and fear.

Tenchi took a step back. "Aeka-san, do you know him?"

Aeka paled. "No! Of course not!" She denied it nervously. "But,
Tenchi-sama, I think your attitude is a bit too cavalier towards this.
This man is obviously dangerous, and he uses the Sword of the Light
Hawk! The upcoming battle will be terrible to watch! A clash of might
like you've never seen!"

Suspicious, Tenchi voiced his question again. "Are you sure you don't
know him?"

"Wh-Why of course not," Aeka stammered, "I've never met... *heard* of
this man before! Whyever would you think that I had?"

"Aeka-san..." Tenchi began, but Aeka ran out of the room, calling a
hurried farewell over her shoulder. Now *this*, Tenchi thought to 
himself, is weird.

Aeka rushed into the hallway, wishing Tenchi good fortune over her
shoulder as she retreated. She closed the door behind her, and wearily
sighed. She had no idea if they could win this battle, and she feared
that even the combined strength of Ryoko and her would not be enough to
defeat this man. Aeka started in alarm as she realized that there was
someone else occupying the hall with her.

"Oniisama? What *are* you doing?"

Yosho seemed to be staring at a blank spot on the wall. For some 
reason a bucket of paint and a paintbrush rested next to him. "Hm?"
Yosho turned to his sister. "Ah, Aeka. You disturbed my meditation.
I was watching paint dry."

"Watching paint dry?"

"Yes. It is very relaxing, and conducive to meditation. You should try
it sometime, it might relieve some of your constant stress."

"Me? Stressed? You must be mistaken."

Yosho looked directly at his sister. "Is that so? You have seemed
quite preoccupied ever since you realized who our enemy is."

Disgruntled, Aeka replied, "Of course. I am concerned about the 
upcoming fight. The Ojorans are nobody to take lightly."

Yosho turned away from her and, picking up the paint bucket, began
to walk downstairs. As he was leaving, he commented, "You know what I
mean, and who I'm talking about."

Speechless, Aeka watched her brother's departure. She slowly 
collected herself and followed after him.

---

Ryoko paused in the living room. She had been on her way to ask Washu
about the enemy's ETA, but something had stopped her. Mihoshi was 
watching TV. While this wasn't all that unusual on any normal day... 
"Mihoshi! You're *supposed* to be getting ready for battle!"

Mihoshi giggled, not paying any attention to Ryoko.

Ryoko noticed what she was watching, some TV show in black-and-white,
which meant it had to be an Earth show. It was in English, and 
featured three men running around bumping into things and poking each
other. Dryly, Ryoko observed that apparently "Moe, Larry, and Curly"
weren't too bright. "Mihoshi!" Ryoko jumped in front of the TV.

"Aaaaaaaahhhh!" Mihoshi screamed at the top of her voice. "Oh, 
Ryoko-san, it's only you. What is it?"

A sweatdrop formed on Ryoko's head. "Mihoshi, you're supposed to be
getting ready for a battle, not watching TV."

Mihoshi jumped up from the couch and stood at attention. "I'm a Galaxy
Police officer! I'm always ready for battle! No criminal will be safe,
First-Class Detective Mihoshi has arrived! Prepare yourselves, 
Wrongdoers, for I will arrest you!"

A bigger sweatdrop appeared on Ryoko's head. "Umm... Right. So you're
saying you don't need to prepare?"

"Exactly! Combat is my duty! I have been trained by the best of the
best of the best! No one will stand in my way, or they will be 
arrested!"

An even larger sweatdrop appeared on Ryoko's head. "So you're just
going to arrest anyone that gets in your way?"

"Obstruction of Justice! UCIN #397463! Now, Ryoko-san, could you 
please move so I can see the TV?"

A huge monster sweatdrop materialized on Ryoko's head. "You got it."
As Ryoko moved out of the way, Yosho descended the staircase. Curious,
Ryoko asked, "Hey, Tenchi's Grandfather, what's with the paint?"

"Meditation." Yosho answered as he swept through the living room. He
walked into the kitchen as Washu exited it. Aeka entered the living
room.

Washu spoke. "It's nearly time. Everyone, prepare yourselves."

Grimly, Ryoko and Aeka nodded.

---

"Prepare to descend."

"Preparing to descend."

"Descend."

"Descending, sir."

---

The huge battleship slowly descended in front of the Masaki shrine.
Crushing trees as it landed, the ship extended for about a kilometer
in either direction, and Washu estimated that it was nearly six 
stories tall. Watching from afar, Tenchi noted the many guns and
turrets bristling along its length.

Ryoko snorted in derision. Aeka remarked disdainfully, "A light 
destroyer, how pathetic."

Mihoshi was hopping from foot to foot. "I have to pee!"

Ryoko and Aeka face-faulted. "I told you to do that before we left!"
Aeka scolded her.

"But I didn't have to go then!" Mihoshi whined.

"Mihoshi! That was five minutes ago!"

"Oh. Then I suppose it can wait."

A ramp lowered from the ship, revealing a gaping passageway into the
Ojoran stronghold. Silhouetted in the entry was a tall man in a
form-fitting battlesuit. A laser rifle was slung over his shoulder,
and a pair of holstered pistols hung at his waist. His short black
hair framed a stark face sporting dark red eyes.

The three women readied themselves. Each was dressed in their 
respective combat uniforms, and Mihoshi carried a rather large cannon.

The man stepped down to the grass in front of the ramp. In heavily
accented Japanese, he made a formal introduction. "I am Heijin, Second
Ward of the Ojoran Battle Ship 'Genocide' and I challenge Jurai Aeka
to combat."

Aeka gasped. Startled, Ryoko looked over at her comrade. "Princess?
Why do they want *you*?"

"I... Heijin! I do not accept your challenge!"

"You do not?" Heijin did not seem surprised.

Ryoko spoke, "If you want a fight, you're gonna have to take all three
of us!"

The Ojoran smirked. "If you wish. It will be my pleasure." With that he
unleashed a hail of laser blasts from his rifle.

Aeka barely dodged in time, diving aside in panic. Mihoshi aimed her
cannon at the Ojoran, and fired a huge blast.

Heijin easily leaped aside, counterattacking. Mihoshi jumped high in the
air, firing again. The blast left a huge crater in the ground as Heijin
leaped into the air and smashed the butt of his weapon into Mihoshi's
face.

As the GP officer plummeted to the ground, Ryoko fired a salvo of 
energy blasts. Heijin managed to dodge, and released an answering hail
of laser fire. The space pirate teleported away just as the grass she
stood upon was fried to a crisp.

Heijin landed lightly on his feet, firing at Aeka's fallen form. A 
force field appeared in front of the princess, blocking the blasts.
Aeka charged at the Ojoran, Jurai energy massing in her fist. Aeka
swung at Heijin's head, but the Ojoran ducked and performed a leg sweep,
knocking the princess to the ground. As he brought up his rifle to the
back of her head, he heard Mihoshi's cannon go off.

Immediately Heijin leaped into the air. The cannon blast flew wide, and
Mihoshi was forced to flee from the salvo of laser fire that Heijin
fired back at her.

Ryoko appeared behind Heijin, swinging her saber at his head. With 
lightning-quick reflexes, he grabbed her sword arm. Grinning, he 
pressed the muzzle of his rifle into her stomach. Suddenly Ryoko's hair
rose up, pointing itself towards Heijin. Glowing blue needles fired
from the tips of her hair, showering the Ojoran's head and shoulders.

Heijin screamed in pain and dropped the space pirate. Letting his rifle
fall to the ground, he yanked the needles from his head. Blood running
into his eyes, he jumped on to the space ship. Wiping the blood from
his face, the Ojoran drew his pistols.

Aeka fired a pair of energy bolts at Heijin, both connecting. The man
flew backwards, landing hard on his back. The princess flew up to the
top of the ship and readied her fist. Without warning, the Ojoran 
jumped to his feet, firing madly. Unprepared, Aeka's force field 
couldn't hold up, and the princess careened backwards. 

Mihoshi leaped onto the ship, brandishing a huge rocket launcher.
Kneeling, the officer aimed at Heijin, shouting, "Please lower your
weapons and come quietly, or I'll have to use force!"

Ryoko flew up behind her, energy sword drawn. Aeka stood up 
unsteadily, power crackling at her fingertips. Heijin smiled.

Heijin brought up his pistols and Mihoshi fired. The Ojoran dodged,
blasting. Ryoko couldn't avoid the blasts and caught several of the
laser shots in the chest. As the pirate collapsed, Mihoshi dropped 
the rocket launcher and fired her pistol to no avail. The Ojoran 
leaped behind her and kicked her in the back of the head.

Aeka raised her hands, and immediately a force field of logs 
appeared around the Ojoran, immobilizing him. Heijin's pistols fell
from nerveless fingers as Aeka turned on the power. Electricity 
flared out of the logs, streaming into Heijin's body. The Ojoran 
screamed in pain as the lightning permeated his body. Heijin's combat
suit began to smolder, and smoke began to rise from his body. The
electricity flowed over and around the man's body, and steam rose 
from his ears and nose. His skin began to blacken, and he suddenly
stopped screaming. The logs vanished, and Heijin's burnt body collapsed
to the ground. The princess stood panting, exhausted from exertion.

The three tired warriors climbed down to the grass. The landscape was
covered with craters, and the grass had been burnt and blackened.

"And that," Aeka commented, "Was only one of their warriors."

"Second Ward," Ryoko pointed out, "Which means he's probably about the
third best fighter on the ship.

"Why's that?" Mihoshi asked.

"Because," Aeka answered, "Wards are generally the personal 
bodyguards of important Ojorans. There are three Wards, First, Second,
and Third. First Ward is most skilled, and Third Ward is least 
skilled. That man was Second Ward."

"So wouldn't he be the second-best fighter on the ship?"

"No," Ryoko explained, "Because you're forgetting our main enemy, who
is likely to be the captain of this vessel."

"Ohhh... I understand now."

"You do?"

"Not really!"

Ryoko and Aeka sighed. Resignedly, they picked themselves off the
ground and headed for the ship. Mihoshi followed after them, twisting
her control cube to search for another gun. After a moment a large 
laser rifle appeared. Mihoshi grabbed it and joined her friends.

---

"Captain?"

"Yes, Lieutenant Gai?"

"We have detected three intruders. Apparently, Second Ward Heijin
failed."

"How many of them did Heijin kill?"

"Um... Reports show that they escaped relatively unharmed, sir."

"What?!"

"From our visual scans, it appears that the princess Aeka sustained
minor injuries, but overall, everyone is fine."

"But... But Heijin was Second Ward... Even *they* shouldn't have killed
him *that* easily..."

"Sir?"

"I seem to have underestimated them again. Bring the First Ward and
the elite Strike Force to me. The Third Ward and all of our common
soldiers need to destroy them."

"Yes sir."

---

Tenchi Masaki was very stressed. Frustrated, he shouted to his short
companion, "I have to help them!"

Washu tried to assure him, "Tenchi-dono, they'll be fine. They are all
experienced combat veterans. You can't help them right now, you are
much too weak."

"But... Washu-chan! They couldn't defeat Kagato alone! And according
to Aeka, this man is more powerful than Kagato! I need to
help them!" Tenchi started to walk towards the ship, but his leg gave
way and he immediately tumbled down. Tenchi rolled onto his back,
more frustrated than ever with his slowly-healing body. "Washu-chan!"

Then Yosho walked into Tenchi's field of vision. The old man paused
next to Tenchi. "Tenchi, I will do my best to assure that those women
come back alive."

"Jiichan!" Tenchi looked up at his grandfather's face with hope.

Yosho trudged toward the battleship, Tenchi-ken held loosely in one
hand.

---

A group of soldiers evaporated as Ryoko sent a huge energy blast into
their midst. Another team of Ojorans attacked the pirate from a side
corridor, but Aeka brought up a force field for protection. Mihoshi
quickly cut the Ojorans down.

"Wow," The detective commented, "This is a lot easier than fighting 
that guy outside."

"We told you," Aeka muttered through clenched teeth as she punched
through an Ojoran's head, "That guy was much stronger than these 
guys. He was a Ward."

The three were making slow progress through the ship, enemy soldiers 
confronted them at every turn. They often had to resort to standing
shoot-outs, and Ryoko was tiring. Aeka was holding up rather well,
and Mihoshi was... Well, she was Mihoshi. At one point they happened
upon the Third Ward, but Mihoshi had slipped in a pool of blood and
accidently shot his face off. Ryoko and Aeka had shrugged. The three
finally broke free of the corridors, into a huge cavern-like chamber.
At the far end, shrouded in darkness, sat a large, ornate, 
suspiciously throne-like chair. In the chair sat a red-eyed figure,
cloaked in black. To the figure's right stood a short, violet-haired
man. Like all of the Ojorans, he had red eyes. Around the two of them
stood half a dozen Ojorans, all in forest-green combat outfits.

"So," Ryoko asked, "Is this all you got?"

The enthroned figure replied, "Hakubi Ryoko, Jurai Aeka, Kuramitsu
Mihoshi. Today is your final day on the Earth. You stand in the
presence of my personal Elite Strike Force and the First Ward of
Genocide. Now... Kill them!"

The strike force charged, firing a variety of weapons. Ryoko 
teleported into the air far above, raining energy blasts down upon the
Ojorans. Aeka used her force field to charge enemies, obliterating
them. Mihoshi demonstrated incredible gunmanship as she blasted 
several soldiers.

The Ojorans evaded their attacks with incredible deftness, firing and
attacking mercilessly. Mihoshi caught a blow to the head, 
incapacitating her. Ryoko and Aeka managed to kill the last of the 
strike force after seven minutes of heated battle.

The First Ward stepped forward. He carried only one large pistol. He
carefully took aim at Aeka. Without hesitation Ryoko charged, but the
Ward fired. His bullet collided with Aeka's force field. The field
flared for a moment, but collapsed. The princess fell to the ground.

Ryoko received a quick kick to the midsection, then the Ward grabbed
her by the throat. "My Master," He said in a low voice, "Told me all
about you. Especially your power. Give me that gem you have on your 
wrist."

"Forget it!" Ryoko growled at him, then fired an energy blast directly
into his chest.

The Ojoran coughed and stumbled back, but quickly recovered. He 
smirked, then fired at the pirate. Ryoko teleported behind him and 
slashed.

Like the Second Ward, the First Ward caught Ryoko's sword arm. He 
dropped his gun, drawing something from a secret compartment in the
handle. With contempt, he slapped it against the pirate's stomach.
"Enjoy your new toy." He murmured, then Ryoko felt a bolt of pain
spring through her.

Ryoko fell to the floor, convulsing as incredible pain flowed through
her. Her nerves felt as if on fire, and her eyes seemed ready to
burst. After a few seconds, the pain stopped. The pirate looked
up to see the First Ward holding a small remote with a single button.
Ryoko felt her stomach, felt the small metal thing that had attached
itself to her skin. "What is... AAAAUUUUGGGHHH!!!!!!!" Ryoko screamed
as the pain coursed through her again.

"Do not speak unless I tell you to. Now give me the gem, my Master has
already given me permission to take them."

The cloaked figure looked on coldly.

Grimacing in pain, Ryoko nodded her assent. She slowly held out her
hands in front of her. She knelt, and put her hands palm up. The gem
on her left wrist began to glow a light blue. "You want this gem?"
She asked through tears of pain. The gem appeared in Ryoko's right
palm. "You can have it!" With that cry of triumph, Ryoko heaved the
gem at the First Ward's face.

The Ojoran caught the gem easily. He opened his hand and stared at the
gem. "This doesn't seem all that powerf--" He was still speaking when
the gem detonated.

The cloaked figure clapped in appreciation. He stood and walked past
Ryoko's prone body, over to the First Ward's headless corpse. He
picked up the remote. "He was my finest warrior. No matter, now you
die, Hakubi Ryoko." He pressed the button, Ryoko began to scream.

Almost immediately, the Ojoran dropped the remote. He was surrounded
by tiny wooden logs. Aeka stood behind him, focusing her Juraian
energies on subduing the figure. The man growled, then broke free of
his imprisonment. Aeka yelped in shock as the man sent a blast of
power through her. She crumpled to the floor and the man walked over
to her. "That was very foolish, Princess. Especially since you know 
what I'm capable of."

Aeka let out a noise, somewhere between a gasp and a sob.

"I know you remember, girl. Those ancient stories of him, you paid no
attention to them, until someone pointed out who would be his 
descendants. The madman, the genius, the eccentric. The warrior, the
fighter, the backstabber. You never told Sasami, but Yosho knew. You
tried to hide it, but school children *will* talk... Especially young
stuck-up royals. The seducer, some called me. Actually, I kind of 
liked that name, it sounds pretty cool, ne?"

"Shut up."

"Now, now, Aeka. That's very rude. I've wanted to kill you for a long
time, ever since I learned you were born. But I couldn't reach you on
Jurai. Now I have you, I have Hakubi Ryoko, I have... Well, I don't
know what I'll do with Mihoshi, but I'll find *some* use for her, I
have the genius scientist, the crown prince of Jurai, Masaki Tenchi...
And I have Tsunami."

"What are you going to do with her??!!"

"What do you think I'm going to do? I'm going to conquer the galaxy!"

"Why? It's pointless! What will you do once you rule the galaxy?"

"Well, I'll conquer the universe!"

"And after that?"

"I'll go to Disneyland! What do you think I'll do? I'll probably be 
dead by then, do you have any idea how big the universe *is*?? If I'm
still alive, I'll start conquering other dimensions! I'll conquer 
until I'm a god!"

"You," Aeka said pointedly, "are insane."

The man grabbed Aeka by the front of her battlesuit. "Girl! Are you
prepared to die?!"

"You'll never win!" Aeka hissed.

"Is that so?"

The Ojoran captain conjured a Light Hawk Sword and held it under her
chin. "Aeka-hime, the entire Juraian Royal Family will die a slow,
painful death... beginning with you..."

For the second time in a single week, Aeka closed her eyes and 
prepared for her imminent doom. Once again, a single man intervened.

Tenchi-ken's bright blade sliced through the Ojoran's arm, severing
arteries and spraying blood. Aeka fell to the floor, and the Ojoran
took a worried step back. He instantly regained his composure, 
however, and regrew his arm.

Yosho faced off with the Ojoran, Tenchi-ken ignited and held 
glimmering before him.

The Ojoran whispered eagerly, "Yosho-dono... You've arrived. I thought
I would have to fetch you. Now, we must have a rematch, as I once
promised we would."

"You are no longer a worthy opponent," Yosho replied, "Your soul has
faded to nothingness. You are not a true warrior."

"You lie, Juraian! You wish to save yourself! I am more powerful than
ever before! I am all-powerful!"

The old man shook his head slowly. "You are nothing more than a soul
whose body has withered to dust... You do not belong here."

>From the ground, Ryoko struggled weakly to raise her head. "Yosho...
You know him?" She groaned.

"Yes." The old man answered her. "He is the infamous one called
Soul-Stealer by some, the Seducer by others, but his true name is
Akumu Noroi."

Ryoko's eyes widened. "No... It can't be... I killed him... 
two-thousand years ago..."





Chapter Five is over! The Enemy has been revealed! You'll find out 
more in Chapter Six, the thrilling conclusion to the first series of 
No Need For Souls! 
As always, E-Mail Palador98@yahoo.com with comments, criticism, and 
questions. Especially the first three. Flames aren't welcome, but if 
you absolutely must, you know my address.
