TENCHI MUYO: Spirit of the Radio
--------------------------------
<note: the song on the radio that Ryoko is listening to is "The Lonely
Moon" from the Tenchi Muyo OAVs, sung by Ai Orikasa.   Also, Lady Tokimi's 
character in this alternate universe has evolved a little differently. She
is seething with anger toward Washuu for having been snubbed and will do 
almost anything to avenge herself.)

    Sasami moaned restlessly in her sleep as she dreamed in strange images
of goddesses and rats. The dream had come upon her three times that week
and always it was the same, she was sleeping against something soft and
furry which wasn't unpleasant and made her smile in the dream. Then she 
would awaken within the dream to find herself lying upon a horribly 
mutilated rodentine figure, its single eye meeting hers for a brief moment.
She would scream within the dream and begin to run, finding herself in
darkness. Then, she would run into the arms of a beautiful goddess who stood
waiting at the end of the void, smiling, with her arms outstretched, and she
would feel safe at first. But then the goddess would laugh; always the same
hideous, mirthless laughter. Sasami would become frightened and try to get
away, but the goddess would hold her firmly and would not let go. Finally,
she would break free and run again, towards a spectral image that awaited
her. It was the same rodentine figure as before, only this time he was 
smiling and unbroken, his fur no longer coated with blood; and she could see
the marks of Jurai on his face she wasn't afraid of him and she would 
invariably run toward him. The dream always ended with the rodentine figure 
firing an energy blast of some kind, but Sasami could never tell if it was 
meant to hit the goddess or herself. 
    Ayeka woke Sasami. "What's wrong?"
    "I had that dream again." Sasami replied. "The one about the rat."
    "It's all right, Sasami." Ayeka said.
    But Sasami wasn't so sure...


    Ryoko switched the radio on as she did her morning chores. Some
classical musician was playing the mandolin.
    "Arrgh!" She exclaimed, as she covered her ears and ran over to the
offending radio, switching it over to the rock and roll channel she 
prefered. She knew perfectly well who'd switched it. "Damned Youshou." she 
complained, irritably.

    <o/~...I can feel you circle my heart...o/~>

    Ryoko went on sweeping, smiling. She loved that song and wanted it to
be played at her and Tenchi's wedding someday. She daydreamed of that day
as she always did, herself at the altar in a flowing white gown at
Tenchi's side.

    <o/~...knowing you don't want me to...o/~>

    Ryoko dumped the sweepings into the trashbin and returned just as the
last note finished on the song, annoyed that she'd missed the final chorus.

    The regular morning DJ cheerfully announced the name of the song and
went into his usual inane chatter.
    Suddenly, however, a different voice, deep and rich, with a slight
gruffiness to it that sounded all too familiar to Ryoko cut off the
DJ's chatter.

    <"Case #80812029">

    Ryoko dropped the vase she had picked up to dust under and it broken
into a dozen fragments. She spun around, trying to find the source of the
voice, knowing damned well who it was. Then she remembered, he was dead.
She also remembered that that had been Tenchi's favorite vase.


    "Huh?!" Washuu's eyebrows went up as the radio signal she was monitoring
from Tokyo Tower suddenly spiked. She checked her readings, but there was
only that singular instance, otherwise, all seemed as normal as ever.


                        -Chapter 2-

    That Saturday, Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka went to the carrot fields to
pull up a fresh crop (most of which would get eaten by Ryo-ohki) while
Sasami tended to her chores.
    Sasami was cutting up the leeks and other vegetables for lunch, hoping
that *this* time the others would bring the carrots home in time, when she
heard a door open.
    "Its about time you got here." She scolded. "The stew is getting ruined."
    She turned to take the carrots, but instead of Tenchi or one of the
others, she saw the face of the goddess she'd seen in her dreams.

    Lady Tokimi laughed, coldly, as she picked Sasami up by the collar.
    The laughter continued as she vanished with Sasami, leaving behind a
message, using an ancient runic script only Washuu would be able to decipher.
                        * * * * *

    "Whew!" Tenchi wiped his brown. "This is hard work. You two coming
along okay?" He looked around and saw that Ryoko and Ayeka had long since
dropped their work in favor of their favorite pastime...
    Fighting.
    "He's mine I tell you!" Ryoko insisted.
    "He is not." Ayeka also insisted. "He belongs to me!"
    "I was already part of his life when you showed up and stuck your
ugly little pig nose into our lives." Ryoko argued.
    *Ugly?!*
    Ayeka face turned beet-red and she balled her hands up into fists.
    "What did you just call me?"
    "Uh.... girls?"
    They both glared at Tenchi, who wisely decided to back off...

                        * * * * *

    At the same time, Ryo-ohki had gone into the kitchen back at Tenchi's
house to get some carrots. She looked around, but Sasami wasn't around. She
sniffed. Something was wrong, but she wasn't sure what. She saw the note
and was compelled to pick it up. She hopped toward the wall and waited for a
second until the portal to Washuu's lab opened up. Then she slipped inside.

                        * * * * *

    Ayeka and Ryoko faced each other. This would be it, one of them would win
and the other would bow out of Tenchi's life forever. If she didn't, the
other would make sure she did.
    
    They raised their powers against each other, lightning flashed in their
eyes, as they faced each other. 
    "Sasami's gone!!!" 
    This revelation caused Ayeka and Ryoko to spin around, their quarrel
suddenly forgotten in light of this new development.
    "What?!" Ayeka gasped.
    Washuu caught her breath.
    "What do you mean she's gone?" Ayeka demanded.
    "I found this note." Washuu told her.
    Ayeka grabbed the note. "I can't make this out." She complained. "What
does it say? Tell me!"
    "It says that Lady Tokimi has abducted Princess Sasami and if we want
her back, I must meet with her."
    "So go meet with her. That seems simple enough." Ayeka argued.
    "Shows what you know." Ryoko snorted. "Lady Tokimi happens to be..." she
faltered and turned to Washuu. "Who *is* Lady Tokimi anyhow?"
    Washuu shrugged. "All I know is she sent Dr. Clay to bring me to her the
first time and now she's trying to lure me to her using Sasami."
    "You *are* going to rescue Sasami aren't you?" Ayeka asked.
    "Me?" Washuu smiled. "Nope."
    Ayeka's face fell. "We can't just leave her there!"
    "She'll be fine." Washuu told her. "You'll see."
    Ayeka suspected Washuu was teasing her, maybe trying to alleviate some
of her tension.

    Ryoko switched on the radio when they got home, turning it to her
normal channel, since Yousho had, again, switched it on her.
    "Turn that damned radio off." Ayeka said, reaching for the radio.
    "I'm listening for something." Ryoko told her, slapping her hand away.
    The two 'women' began to snarl.
  
    <*the house of Jurai cooperated with the Galaxy Police in...*>

    "Huh?!" Ayeka turned to the radio. 
    "You heard it, too?" Ryoko asked.
    "Of course I heard it." Ayeka clipped. "But how would a radio station
disc jockey know about the Galaxy Police or the House of Jurai."
    "I don't think it *is* a disc jockey." Ryoko told Ayeka. "I think our 
radio is possessed."
    "WHAT?!!"
    "Calm down." Mihoshi said from the couch where she'd been napping all 
day.  "Its probably nothing to worry about." She wished they'd stop arguing 
so she could nap in peace.
    "The last time we had a monster loose in the house we spent all day
repairing the damage!" Ayeka pointed out. "We don't have time to chase one
now. We have to find Sasami."
    "Sasami's gone?" Mihoshi gasped. "EEK!"
    "How come you didn't hear anything?" Ayeka asked suspiciously.
    "She was probably sleeping on the job as usual." Ryoko accused.
    "I'm sorry, Ayeka..."  Mihoshi said, in alarm, suddenly burst into
fresh tears. 

    That spike again. A little longer this time. A little clearer. And
this time, Washuu noticed another factor, a spike in Ryoko's brainwave
pattern, as if the source was one familiar to her. 
    "Hmmmm." Washuu decided to ask her daughter about it.

    Ayeka and Mihoshi were cowering from the radio as if it were 
possessed while Ryoko made eerie sounds and walking toward them with it.     
    "Ryoko!"
    Ryoko nearly dropped the radio, but made a mad scramble and caught it.
    "Whew!" She said, aloud. "That's Tenchi's favorite radio. Can't let it
get broken."
    But there was another reason...

                        * * * * *

    Sasami sat in a rather nice room looking rather lonely. There was a 
small basin nearby, filled with water to wash her face in. She went to it 
and looked in, seeing the comforting reflection of Tsunami looking back up
at her. But it was *only* a reflection. The spirit that was Tsunami could
not reach her here.

    "You needn't worry, young one." Lady Tokimi told her. "Your friend,
Washuu, will come soon enough."

                        * * * * *


    The little radio looked out of place hooked up to Washuu's gadgets.
    "Now, let's see if we...."

    <*I don't why all of you came to this era....*>

    "Ah ha!" Washuu exclaimed in triumph. She narrowed down the signal and
waited.

    <*The Space-pirate Ryoko, I presume, serious offender, case #80812029,
    if I'm not mistaken.*...<<pause>>...*hmph, you seem to be getting along
    well with those detectives first class...>

    Ryoko listened as it went on. It was the conversation she'd had with 
the Galaxy Police Operative the night before he had died... well, his
half of it at any rate. But why?

    "Why is this happening?" Ryoko asked, aloud.
    "Who is that?" Tenchi asked.
    "A Galaxy Police Operative." Ryoko replied. "Strange creature that was."
    "Creature?" Tenchi thought. "Not a rat of some kind?"
    "Yes," Ryoko replied. "Why? Did you see him?"
    Tenchi remembered the incident at Tokyo Tower. "Yes. Part of him anyhow.
Kain killed him at Tokyo Tower."
    "Aha!" Washuu cried out triumphantly, snapping her fingers. "That's it!
When he died at Tokyo Tower, obviously he wasn't finished his work here, so
he tried to remain. He must've used the soundwaves at the Tower as an anchor.
    "So he's been there all this time?" Ayeka asked.
    "Most definitely." Washuu nodded.
    "Then why are we only hearing him now?"
    "Lady Tokimi's proximity must've affected the soundwaves." Washuu 
concluded. "Her transdimensional energy must be the key. As long as she's
where she is now, we should be able to reach him."
    "Miss Washuu." Ayeka reminded her. "Shouldn't you be trying to rescue
Sasami?"
    "I told you," Washuu reminded her, "*I'm* not going to rescue Sasami."
    "Then who is, Little Washuu?" Tenchi asked, concern filling his voice.

    <*...Kain, I'm gonna get you...*>

    Washuu nodded toward the disembodied voice. "Him."


                        * * * * *

    Princess Sasami sat alone in her luxurious prison and cried to herself.
    "Please," she said to the empty room. "I want to go home. I want my
sister! Ayeka! Ayeka! Ayeka!"
    But Tokimi's attention was elsewhere, and no one else was paying her any
attention.

                        * * * * *

    "Him?!" Ryoko shook her head. "No way am I working with the Galaxy 
Police."
    "Why not?" Washuu asked, cheerfully. "You are in love with him after 
all."
    Despite her sister's predicament, Ayeka found a giggle escaping her. She
primly covered her mouth (she *was*, after all, a Princess), and quickly
controlled her giggling.
    "I am *not*!" Ryoko denied vehemently.
    "Perhaps the lady doth protest too much?" a voice asked from the corner.
    Everyone turned and was rather surprised to see a handsome young man
standing there. His hair was long and dark and tied in two warrior's locks
in front. He was fair of face and his eyes were the collar of royal teardrops.
    Although he looked much different, Tenchi recognized him and gaped.
    Ayeka fainted.
    It was Ryoko who managed to find her voice first.
    "Yousho." 
    "But... but you're young!" Tenchi found his voice shortly after.
    Ayeka sat up. "My brother!  Once we rescue Sasami..."
    "No, Ayeka," Yousho said, sadly.  "If I married you, I would have to 
fight you for the throne and I will not permit such a thing to happen. Once 
Sasami is safely home, I shall go back appearing old. And you shall tell no
one of this."
    "But..." Ayeka began.
    "Promise me." Yousho said sternly.
    Ayeka nodded, a tear falling from her eye as fate once again stole a
chance at happiness from her grasp.

    In another dimension, someone long dead was slowly becoming
conscious again. His awareness increasing with each passing hour. He tried
opening his eyes and found he could not. He felt a moment of panic and 
stuffed it back down. He'd been in worse situations. He'd barely survived
when Kagato had attacked his homeworld. He'd suffered a fractured ribcage
after a battle with some of Dr.Clay's androids, and Kain had...
    The consciousness paused his train of thought. It was ridiculous! If
Kain had done something like that, he'd have to be dead. As if from a radio
he could hear voices:

        "I am *not* in love with that rat!"
        "Yes, she is."
        <sound of running feet and potted plant being smashed over a head>

    The conscioness blinked. Was Ryoko in love with him?. Truth be told, 
he admired her, she had a zest for life he so rarely saw in pirates these 
days. Most of them were in it for the money, but Ryoko had truly enjoyed the
craft, taking a perverse pride in her work.  He would've smiled if he had had
a body to smile with. Where was his body anyhow? He vaguely remembered 
someone strangling him. Had he been killed? If so, why hadn't he moved on?  
This surely wasn't Heaven, and bad as it was, he was certain it wasn't Hell.
                                

    "There's something I don't understand," Ayeka said, her tears now dried 
and her composure back to normal, "why have you revealed yourself if you
do not intend to stay young?"
    "The house of Jurai must make an all-out attack on Tokimi's fortress to
hide Onmitsu's* entry." Yousho explained.  "We must appear to be trying to 
gain entry ourselves so that all Tokimi's defenses will be directed at us.
I will lead the main attack. Tenchi, you and Ryoko will make a run on the
fortress.  I want Tokimi to think your run is what we're shielding her from
seeing."
    "I want to fight at your side." Ayeka told her brother. "Please?"
    "Ayeka," Yousho said, "You must fight at Tenchi's side."
    "But..."

    But Yousho was already on his way to Tokimi's fortress.

(*note: Onmitsu is the Japanese word for Operative and is a title rather than 
a name.)


    Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko followed in Ryo-ohki while Washuu remained in
her lab, carefully configuring the radio signal to transmit it to Tokimi's
fortress. One wrong move and she could lose Onmitsu forever. She had to be
extremely careful. As she made her calculations, she thought of Ryoko's
unadmitted love for Onmitsu, as the group had taken to calling him. She'd
see to it the two of them had some time alone so they could explore their
love. For now, however, she would work on her calculations to bring his
soul back into this world.
                        
                        -CHAPTER 3-


    Lady Tokimi walked toward the luxurious prison were Sasami was being
held. What was keeping Washuu? Surely she knew Sasami was at her fortress.
A sound like a distant explosion caught her ear and she returned to her
throne room to deal with her unwanted guest.

    "FIRE!" Ryoko shouted, gleefully.
    Ryo-ohki fired another volley at Tokimi's fortress. Nearby, Yousho
battled Tokimi's robotic sentries with Tenchi-ken, making quick work of them.
    Tokimi simply sent out replacements to deal with the Juraian nuisance.
    "Oh no." Ayeka worried.
    Ryoko laughed as Ryo-ohki fired yet another round.

    Sasami gazed at the silent image of Tsunami, her loneliness growing.
    The door to her cell swung open.

    Every door in Tokimi's fortress from the outer door to Sasami's cell
suddenly swung open.

    Yousho ran in, followed by Ryoko and Ayeka. Tenchi remained on Ryo-ohki,
at Washuu's suggestion.

    Tokimi jammed the sonic energy that was causing the doors to open and
smiled with satisfaction as they closed again, leaving Sasami, Yousho, Ryoko,
and Ayeka trapped in one of the corridors of Tokimi's fortress.

    Onmitsu regained consciousness and composed himself, like a man who'd
been punched in the stomach.

    Washuu raised the energy that was stabilizing Onmitsu's radio frequency
six points, to counter Tokimi's jamming signal. She was so engrossed in
her task that she didn't see Mihoshi walk in.

    "Whatcha doing?!" Mihoshi squeaked curiously.

    "Whaaa!" Washuu yelped, turning around, her hand accidentally twisting 
the control button and spiking the sonic energy to maximum power. "Oh no!"
She tried to recover the signal, but it was gone. And now Tenchi and the 
others were trapped in Tokimi's fortress.
        

    Ayeka hugged Sasami close. They were trapped in this corridor, but at
least they were together.
    Ryoko hurled energy bolts at the doors, but Tokimi's shield held fast.
    Then, slowly, the air began to drain from the chamber.

    "Please, don't yell at me anymore." Mihoshi begged.
    "I can't recall Onmitsu now!"  Washuu hollered at her. "He was our only
hope of getting them out and I've lost him because of you!"
    Mihoshi wailed.


    The doors to Tokimi's fortress opened up again and Ryoko, and the
others made their way to the exit, running as fast as they could. They
encountered no obstacles. Had Tokimi simply gotten bored and given up?
    
    Then, at the main entrance, they saw their worst nightmare.

    "Kagato." Ayeka gasped. 

    "That can't be him." Ryoko reasoned.

    "It's not." A familiar voice said from behind them.

    Ryoko and the others turned and saw Onmitsu standing there.  He was 
nude and only had one arm. Ayeka blushed and Ryoko smiled.    
    Yousho took off his coat and helped Onmitsu put it on.
    "That image of Kagato is only an illusion." Onmitsu said as Yousho
finished tying the coat.
    "Thank you." Onmitsu replied, feeling a bit less awkward.
    "You're welcome." Yousho replied.
    "An illusion?" Tenchi asked.
    "Yes." Onmitsu said, bravely stepping forward. "It's not real.  It is
not Kagato."
    Kagato began to laugh and his voice changed, became more sinister, then
his body changed until they were face to face with...

    "KAIN!" Ayeka screamed.
    Onmitsu clenched his one fist gritted his sharp teeth. "It's not real,"
he reminded himself, as a flashback of his own gruesome demise threatened
to overwhelm him. "That is *not* KAIN." The memory repeated itself, over
and over in his mind, the horrific scene playing out around him in vivid
hallucination. "NO!!!"  He screamed.
    Ryoko grabbed his arm. "Onmitsu," she said, gently, "don't give into
it.  You're hallucinating, you have to snap out of it."
    Onmitsu howled in agony as Kain ripped out his right eye.
    "Onmitsu." Ryoko repeated.
    Onmitsu heard Ryoko's voice. He remembered seeing her in class, on the
beach and in Tokimi's fortress. He remembered he was already dead, that   
somehow he'd been resurrected and was now helping Ryoko, and her friends 
get past ...
    "You're nothing but an illusion!" Onmitsu howled at the image of Kain
who suddenly dwindled down to a small and petty man.
    "Dr. Clay." Ryoko remembered, giving the man a swift kick in the crotch.
    Dr. Clay doubled over and Ryoko, Onmitsu, Tenchi, Ayeka, Yousho, and 
Sasami ran up the ramp and onto Ryo-ohki.

    Onmitsu leaned in the corner, in pain, his body flickering.  It was 
clear that whatever energy had resurrected him was diminishing.
    "Onmitsu," Ryoko said, putting her arms around him and trying to anchor
him there.
    Onmitsu put his arm around Ryoko. "I love you." He told her, gently.
    Ryoko didn't question, there was no time for questions now. Only for
answers.
    "I love you." She told him.
    He kissed her, softly, on the lips, then nuzzled her, affectionately.
    Ryoko closed her eyes and sighed dreamily.
    Onmitsu flickered once more, then vanished.
    Ryoko sank down onto the floor, and cried into her hands.

                    -EPILOGUE-

    Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Ryoko, Mihoshi and Ryo-ohki sat in Tenchi's living room
watching television. A news report came up and everyone scattered, finding
more interesting diversions. Sasami went to make dinner, with Mihoshi's help,
Ayeka and Tenchi were entertained by a now-massed Ryo-ohki, and Ryoko went
to answer the doorbell that had been ringing for the past half-hour.

    Ryoko threw open the door and was greeted by the site of Onmitsu, holding
a bouquet of flowers which was so large she could barely see him through it.

