Stable Long Enough
By Karlmarks

--------------------Notes--------------------
   I don't own the rights to Tenchi Muyo; they're property of Pioneer and AIC.  
What I'm doing is actually technically illegal, but hopefully the good-faith 
exception applies.  The characters of Tenchi, Sasami, Aeka, Noboyuki, 
Katsuhito/Yosho, and Ryoko, which are used herein, are included under the Tenchi 
Muyo franchise, as is the existence and specifics of the Juraian royal family.  
The rest of the ideas and characters presented in this fic are "property" 
(though no copyright exists) of the author.
   Linguistically, I've picked a dialect and stuck to it.  I don't speak 
Japanese, so writing this fic in that language is out.  I don't really approve 
of blending Japanese with English in principle, so I've kept that out.  I mean, 
you don't see me walking around throwing Spanish into my everyday conversation, 
do you?  And, unlike most self-styled "otaku" who do that with Japanese, I 
actually speak el Español with a reasonable degree of fluency.  So, the 
characters herein will speak in American English.  Think of it as "the 
translated universe."  The most effective subbing known to humankind, if you 
will.  All time and distances converted to SI (no, that's not Self-Insertion) 
units, all slang converted to modern "'Merk'n" vernacular, and such.
   Continuity-wise, I'd say this fits just about in the TV universe.  Let's say 
that Shin Tenchi -- ugh -- never happened, and the TV series ends right before 
the last five minutes or so of the final episode.  Ryoko (and then Aeka and the 
others) don't return to Earth.  In fact, Ryoko's last scene is drifting in space 
with severe internal injuries.  I've employed a bit of poetic license by pegging 
Sasami at age twelve during the TV series and such, but nothing major is changed 
beyond what I just mentioned.  One more note: this assumes the TV series took 
place in the year 1997.
   Try to keep an open mind, okay?
--------------------End of notes--------------------



   Rain was an anomaly on Tevarleen, but a pleasant one.  The climate control 
system incorporated an element of randomness that the majority of their tourist 
clientele found enjoyable.  It added something of an illusion of a dynamic, 
changing planet and an air of local charm missing in many of the competing 
resort planets.  Right now it was raining drenching sheets of water in the warm 
air that on Earth could be called "tropical."  
   One of the many advantages to being born second, Sasami thought, was the 
vacation time.  In fact, her life seemed to consist of nothing but vacation 
time.  A few state dinners and diplomatic figurehead assignments here and there 
punctuated her leisurely existence, but on the whole there wasn't too much work 
involved in being Second Princess.  Let Aeka have her kingdom and her prestige; 
Sasami had time for fun.  
   "Nice day, eh?" Rayel commented from inside the suite.  Sasami's world jumped 
back into focus: she could see the rain-spattered land stretch out for 
kilometers in front of her position on the balcony.  Swarms of travelers drifted 
leisurely across the teal meadows strung with infrequent "native" souvenir shops 
manufactured by the Bureau of Tourism to add authenticity.  Even when one knew, 
as she did, that the planet was actually a cutthroat, high-tech, capitalism-
driven maelstrom of fierce competition for valuable offworld creds, it was still 
possible to enjoy the experience on a visceral level.
   "I rather like it," she replied simply.  "Besides, it's our last day here.  
Try and enjoy yourself.  You can go out on your own for a while, you know.  
Irini is perfectly capable."  Rayel was only promoted to the Royal Corps last 
month, and, as was common in new recruits, he entertained fantasies of single-
handedly saving Her Majesty from an assassin's strike or such.  However, the 
fact that there hadn't been such an attempt in generations allowed for some 
degree of relaxation in the stringent discipline of the bodyguard service.  If 
trouble looked at all possible, Lieutenant Irini Verden would have signaled the 
plainclothes officers spread throughout the hotel as she ran to her post; within 
a maximum of twenty seconds there would be as many officers massed in the suite, 
ready to defend Sasami with their lives.  This extreme form of protection was 
necessitated by the fact that Tevarleen was a tourist planet: more people 
arrived and left every day on average, in fact, than anywhere else in the 
galaxy.  It was impossible to know just who was where and when.  Despite the 
near-total lack of political dissention within the Empire and centuries-long pax 
imperia, one had to concede at least a token amount of preparedness to appease 
the possibility of attack.
   But for now, for Sasami, there was rain, there was beauty, and there was 
time.

   Sasami woke with one word in her mind: "Tenchi."  She repeated it once and 
lay silently in her bed.  Outside, the primary of the binary-star system 
Tevarleen was a part of began to brighten the sky from its pale "night" as it 
rose over the horizon.  That year with him, twenty-four years ago, had been, 
well, wonderful.  She laughed softly as she remembered her childhood crush on 
him.  Might as well look him up one of these days.  She closed her eyes to catch 
a few last hours of sleep before the flight departed.

					***
				One year later


   Tenchi himself couldn't be considered quite as successful in life as Sasami. 
A worthless job in insurance claims assessment, and a decades-long string of 
failed relationships were the only trophies he'd acquired in life.  Worse still 
were the many opportunities he'd had to regret how he handled the events of 24 
years ago.  Last night, for instance.  "God, you're just so...afraid!  Afraid of 
commitment," she'd said.  That was Rei. Had been Rei, rather.  Years of failure, 
while technically somewhat of a learning experience, weren't so good for a 
person's self-esteem.  
   If only he could have *acted* back then.  Prince of Jurai or space pirate 
extraordinaire, either one with an incredible woman who was infatuated with him.  
But no, you couldn't even arrange to meet up with Ryoko after the attack on the 
Palace.  Or even tell Aeka a few simple words.  "I'll stay."  That's all it 
would have taken.  But you blew it.  Oh well, maybe not, try again.
   He placed his hand on the RNA lock on his apartment door.  
<safehomeopenauthorizedkey.>  A flurry of specific thoughts sent the correct 
impulses to the modified cells in his palm, producing the necessary strings of 
nucleic acids to open the door.  All of this happened in roughly a third of a 
second.  Stepping through the open door, he removed his coat and shoes before 
proceeding into what passed for a home.  The Glorious New Economy had indeed 
been everything they'd said it would be, and so much more.  Small corporations 
boomed.  Computer skills, web design innovations, or, a little later, a degree 
in Resequencing, let the middle class push to the top of the socioeconomic 
stratum.    Kids with ideas became millionaires.  Middle-aged architects were 
pushed out of business by Creative Design Analytical Machine firms and couldn't 
afford their kids' college tuition.  Everything they'd said it would be.
   Despite all that millenial-turn talk of "holovision" and the like, not much 
had changed in TV over the past two decades.  Higher resolution, more channels, 
same pervasively commercialized programs.  He fell asleep watching a subbed 
"Classic Film" of 90s Hollywood.  The logo on the soap bar was that of Ventech, 
but Fight Club was otherwise intact, a rarity these days.  
   
   The first thing Tenchi saw when he woke up was the message on his Pivar.  The 
wrist-mounted computer made sounds of soft bliss as basked in the pleasure of a 
successfully received message.  "Masaki Shrine.  10 o'clock tonight."  Some damn 
joke.  He hadn't talked to Amagasaki in, what was it? -- six years.  Married.  
Lawyer for Venturesoft.  Kids?  No, that was Kenichi.  Apparently Tenchi was 
missing the punch line.  He resolved to ignore the message.  And then the TV 
came on.  
   "Masaki shrine.  Midnight."  It was the voice of the administrative comp of 
the apartment complex, nothing unusual.  The odd part was the picture: flashes 
of black and white text seemed to form something...else.  It was a vague image, 
the negative space left between the flashes compiled in his mind.  A face.  
Sasami Jurai.  
   
   He was running through the woods.  Train delayed, time lost, had to get there 
on time!  Branches whipped into his face, pushed back without thought.  It was 
something of a dark and stormy night, actually.  Dark, at least, and just enough 
rain to turn the ground to a slippery mud.  But he had to get there on time.  
All the years of wishing, longing, regretting, all poured into his legs and 
lungs, all moving as fast as he could to keep him from missing the deadline, 
missing her.  And there she was.
   "Why don't you come in out of the rain?" Sasami asked.  She stood in the 
doorway of a small . . . spaceship, apparently, though it had nothing of Ryu-
oh's elegance, Yagami's sweeping curves, or Ryo-ohki's knife-sharp appearance.  
It was, Sasami later mentioned, an atmospheric landing pod deployed from the 
orbiting cruiser.  Tenchi stepped through the shimmering air that marked the 
pod's doorway and met her eyes.  "There really wasn't anything to say" would 
have been the greatest falsehood since the Glove Don't Fit defense.  
   "I, well -- I -- Sasami..."  They embraced for a moment.  "Well, what've you 
been up to?"  God, that sounded stupid.  She's been gone for twenty-four years, 
in *outer space*, princess of a *planet*, and you ask what she's been up to.  "I 
mean, what's been happening in, well, the rest of the galaxy, I guess?"  Oh, 
brilliant save.  Fucking brilliant.
   "Well, let's see . . .  We crushed the Loran Virtual Democracy in the Fourth 
Insurrection a few years ago, the Syndicate's back on the rise, the usual.  Oh 
yeah--I'm sorry about the message; one of my agents got a little carried away 
with his whole spy-versus-spy fantasy world."  She paused for a moment.  "Oh, I 
suppose you meant about my sister.  Well, she's married, assumed the mandate of 
heaven, all that."  
   Well, what had he expected?  Aeka, still wistfully remember Tenchi, had 
refused to marry, withdrawn from political life, and was pining away, regretting 
the mistakes of the past?  And, for some reason, not going back to *talk to* 
him?  Sometimes knowing doesn't make it hurt any less.  
    They talked for an eternity.  It had not been an uneventful twenty years for 
either of the two, and it was not an uneventful conversation, either.  They 
discussed everything from galactic politics to the time they spent together to 
the possibility of an afterlife.  Finally, Tenchi had brought up the subject of 
Ryoko.  Her body had never been found, but it had been so long the only real 
possibility was the one neither wanted to speak, the one on the report that 
closed Ryoko's file in the databanks forever.  Missing, presumed dead.  And then 
there was Tenchi's family.

   It had been one of the last times democracy, courage, patriotism, and the 
proletariat had come together in a glorious union of political action.  
Specifically, terrorism.  The Return had called for a return to the "good old 
days" when politics were simple, megacorporations were invincible strongholds 
against change, the traditional ways were somewhat intact, artisans had no 
shortage of employment, and Westernization was an alarmist myth.  It was odd to 
see a reactionary group so violent, but old ways never really die.  The bombing 
of '07 was the last convulsion in the death of violent revolution in Japan.  It 
was a homemade job, most likely a basic plastic explosive.  One part 98% nitric 
acid mixed with three parts sulfuric acid in an ice bath.  Glycerin, skimmed 
from the tallow of rendered fat, added slowly and carefully.  After adding 
sawdust to this nitroglycerin mixture, a plastic explosive is formed.  One 
thousand and one handy household uses.
   Tenchi remembered the heat most of all.  A wave of it hit him just as the 
fact that two of the subway cars were blossoming a beautiful orange registered 
in his mind.  His face hit the ground before he realized he was diving for it, 
diving for cover.  Cool and rough concrete pressed against him as the smooth 
expanding rush of fire turned into a swirling chaos of debris above his back.  
When reason reasserted itself, he raised his head to think.  All around him, 
people were standing up, scattering.  "Tsubasa!"  "Is there nerve gas?"  "Nerve 
gas!  Get out!"  "My leg!"  Then the shouting began in earnest and individual 
voices were impossible to make out.  
   It was strange really.  He knew that there was no way Dad or Grandfather 
could have survived, but he looked anyway.  He helped pull the rubble away, and 
treat the wounded long after it became clear that there wasn't going to be a 
grateful reunion, that the last time he would ever see his family had already 
happened.  He went back home that day as if nothing had ever happened.  He 
didn't leave his apartment for three days.  

   "Oh..."  Sasami sat silently beside him.  A minute passed.  Tenchi opened the 
door and looked outside.  The sky was glowing a pale blue, but the sun had yet 
to come up.  
   "Well," Tenchi said, pausing briefly before finishing, "this might sound 
stupid, but do you want to go watch the sunrise?"  
   "Yeah.  I do."  Sasami rose to meet him at the door.  They walked out into 
the dawn.  	

   They spent the next two days together.  Behind the scenes, Juraian agents 
quietly set up Tenchi Masaki with a small stock portfolio, manipulated the 
market, and sold for a sum close to half a million dollars.  Tenchi discovered 
that he didn't miss his job at all.  And he and Sasami talked for hours at a 
time.  Right now they were in the "Just Don't Give A Fuck Café," a venue that 
catered to 90s nostalgia.  Apathy, commercialism, and individuality were the 
main themes.  
   "Well, yeah, as far as we know, the Big Bang theory is correct," Sasami 
continued, "but what about before that?  I mean, there had to have been 
something, right?  Some kind of God or other?  Matter can be neither created nor 
destroyed, so the protomatter had to come from somewhere."  She drank the last 
of her orange liquid and waited.  The orange tree had been wiped out as a 
species three years ago by a retrovirus engineered to impart resistance to a 
form of blight.  Testing standards for such products had become a great deal 
more stringent after that.  
   Tenchi swallowed the food he was chewing and spoke.  "But that's what I've 
been saying!  We don't know *anything* about "before that."  Yeah, it could have 
been God, it could have been someone's dream made manifest, it could have been 
an interdimensional researcher's fuckup; we don't know!  It could have easily 
been something in another universe that started ours."
   Sasami started talking as soon as he paused.  "But that other universe had to 
come from somewhere.  Somewhere along the line, at the beginning of all those 
universes, before anything else, there was someone.  There had to be someone.  
Some god."
   "Another universe could have a totally different type of time," Tenchi 
countered.  "Actually, theirs could have started ours, and ours could have 
started theirs.  One big circle, you know?  And it's all closing and opening at 
the same time, it's all going to end and begin the other, and then the other 
after that -- this doesn't make very much sense, I suppose," he finished 
apologetically.  "I guess what I'm saying is that nothing has to be infinite, it 
can all just loop back into itself.  Even the universe."
   Sasami wasn't eating anymore, just waiting for a chance to talk.  "But the 
universe *is* infinite!" she exclaimed.  "We know it started somewhere, it has a 
center, but for all practical purposes it has no edge.  We've used FTL sensors, 
but even those have a limit to their speed, and we've been completely unable to 
discern any sort of edge, any drop-off point after which there is nothing.  If 
there's no way to observe this Outside, no way to reach it, and it can't exert 
any effects on the universe, then it doesn't exist.  You can't prove it, I 
suppose; there's no way to prove anything *doesn't* exist, but it--" she stopped 
as she realized that everyone in the restaurant was looking at their table.  
Sitting back down, she and Tenchi laughed for a moment before resuming their 
dinner.  
   
   "Well, good night, Tenchi," Sasami said, standing in the doorway to the 
bedroom.  She smiled and closed the door.  Tenchi went back to the couch in the 
living room/entry and lay down.  It was all happening now, all the parts coming 
together, everything in a circle, collapsing and expanding and all at once.  She 
was part of his fantasies now, of course, but it was more than that.  He wanted 
to talk to her, and when he was with her there was nothing else.  The standard 
clichés didn't really apply at all.  He'd been "in love" before, yes, but this 
was different. Beautiful, even.  Tenchi closed his eyes, but it was hours before 
he could sleep.
   
   Seven hours later he awoke to a familiar buzzing sound.  Alarm clocks had 
remained fairly unchanged over time, and his was no less grating than one of 
twenty years ago.  After stumbling into the tiny bathroom, he threw his clothes 
off and turned the shower on.  He gradually regained full consciousness as the 
water poured over him in a steady flow.  The activities of the next few minutes 
were, for the first time in years, not the high point in his day.  
   He emerged from the bathroom twenty-five minutes later to find Sasami waiting 
outside.  "Oh!  Sorry!  I totally forgot you'd be up," Tenchi apologized.  "Used 
to living alone, I guess," he continued.  Hopefully that didn't sound as 
pathetic out loud as it did in his mind.  She smiled lopsidedly at him before 
walking through the door.  

   An hour later they were eating breakfast in the miniscule kitchen of Tenchi's 
apartment.  Tenchi had prepared the meal, as was his strict duty as host under 
the new cultural system.  "The meal" was cereal.  Sasami had never tasted cereal 
before, though, and it was going over fairly well.  "Well, like I was saying 
yesterday, we're sort of split up.  It used to be more so -- more dramatic a 
divide, y'know, but even these days Earth is made up of separate countries with 
separate societies.  It's kind of like having a bunch of different planets in a 
galaxy, only on a smaller scale.  And this box comes from another country, with 
another culture, and another language.  That's why I can't read the box, but you 
can with your translator implant."  The box contained "Corn Flakes," an American 
cereal.  
   Just then the television activated itself.  Tenchi figured out why just 
before the picture flickered into focus.  Modern TVs flickered because of the 
NLCD technology that had replaced the CRTs of yore.  "Transmission from home," 
Sasami whispered as an aside.  A woman with stunning black hair occupied the 
center of the screen.  She looked to be about Tenchi's age, though one never 
could tell.  Hadn't Ryoko been close to 3000?
   "Time's short, and I can't see or hear you, so I'll make it brief.  There's a 
'situation'" -- you could hear the quotes in her voice -- "in the Empire.  We 
need you back on Jurai immediately.  I'm orbiting in the Raziel; take the drop 
pod you came in back up for recovery.  See you soon!"  She smiled brightly for a 
second before the transmission ended.  
   "Oh, I guess I forgot to tell you," Sasami said, turning to face Tenchi.  
"That's Tereya.  My fiancé." 



--------------------Final Notes--------------------
   Hehe.  Bet you didn't see that one coming.
   Also, and this is important, WRITE TO ME.  Tell me what you think.  My email 
is markskarl@hotmail.com .  Seriously, just take a few minutes to let me know 
how I can write better in the future, or just that people are reading my work.  
Bonus: If you can guess what song I was listening to when the idea for this fic 
struck me, you get . . . candy or something!  Yes, I'm poor.  Deal with it.  
Hint: the title.
   I know that not too much happens in this fic, and I apologize, but this is 
basically the exposition for a possible series of interconnected stories.  I had 
to establish the new universe and all.  Additionally, one person (Locke) said 
that maybe this fic should be classified as "lime" because of two brief comments 
about halfway through it.  I didn't really understand why; tell me what you 
think of that if (preferably "when") you write to me.  The names of new ships in 
my fics are taken from various Earth mythologies, by the way.  
   If you really liked the fic, or any other fic (especially one of mine) tell 
your friends to read it (I'm not trying to insinuate anything here, but there IS 
a voting gallery at www.tmffa.com .)  If you really hated it, tell your friends 
to avoid it, or just skip the fancy stuff and torch my house.  Also, I may write 
more stories in this version of the Tenchi Muyo universe, if it sounds like 
people want to read them.  Let me know.

Thank you for reading.
