Disclaimer: You've heard the story before. I don't own 
any of these characters, Pioneer does. So piss off and 
leave me alone. Actually, stay here and read this. That 
would be even better.

Note: In the last Chapter, it was stated at the end that 
my email address is 'bhoffer@home.com', when in fact that 
is incorrect. The actual address for the almighty and 
benevolent  'The_Entry_Plug', (By the way, that's me) is 
actually bhoffer7@home.com. Sorry for the mix-up, people.

OPENING SONG

The Real Folk Blues: By Yoko Kanno

	Too much time has passed
	to lament that we were once in love
	The wind keeps blowing
	as I still can't heal the rift in my heart

	Looking with one eye on the future
	while keeping the other on the past...
	If only I could sleep peacefully once more
	in the cradle of your love...

	Someone, cry for me with parched eyes

	The real folk blues. I only want
	to know true sadness.
	A life drenched in a river of mud
	isn't so bad if it ends 
	after the first time

	Despair filled with hope, and 
	this chance that has a trap set out for it...
	What's right and what's wrong?
	It's like two sides of a coin.

	Wonder how long must live on before I'm healed?

	The real folk blues. I only want 
	to know true happiness.
	All that glitters 
	isn't gold.

	The real folk blues. I only want
	to know true sadness.
	A life drenched in a river of mud
	isn't so bad if it ends 
	after the first time

	**********

STAINED HANDS
Chapter 2: Apparitions of Avarice

	**********

	"Hmm...it doesn't look too bad...but I still think 
we should get it checked out by Washu." Ryoko said as she 
inspected Tenchi's wound, up close and personal.

	The two of them were inside the van, soaking wet, 
and getting the van drenched. Tenchi wanted to drive home, 
but Ryoko wouldn't have it. Tenchi gritted his teeth in 
pain as the sensation of torn flesh constantly wracked his 
body. Ryoko was very concerned for him, regardless that it 
wasn't a life-threatening wound.

	"Tenchi, just let me teleport you home so Washu can 
take a closer look, please? I don't like it that you're 
in so much pain." Ryoko pleaded with Tenchi.

	Tenchi shook his head. "No way, Ryoko. We can't just 
leave the van here. It could get stolen or something."

	Ryoko leaned back and put her hand on her chin as 
she pondered how to get around this situation. "What if...I 
teleported you home, and then brought your father here? He 
could drive the van home, then."

	"No way, Ryoko. Dad's sick, remember?"

	"Tenchi, I think the person who has a cold should drive 
the van over the person who was shot."

	Tenchi's mind seemed to click with that logic...it did 
make sense. It made even more sense as he winced at the pain 
that was growing in his leg. "Okay, let's do that. Dad's 
gonna get pretty pissed when he sees all the blood on the seats, 
though."

	"Tenchi, who cares about that! Let's get you home and get 
you better already!"

	Tenchi sighed in resignation, concurring the victor of the 
argument to be Ryoko. He nodded, and Ryoko smiled. She bent 
slowly over to him, and dipped gently underneath his arm, as she 
wrapped it around her shoulder.

	"Okay, here we go, Tenchi!"

	The two of them flickered for an instant, and then the wet 
and bloody van disappeared as the reassuring and warm confines 
of Tenchi's room appeared. Ryoko slowly set Tenchi down onto the bed.

	"Thanks, Ryoko."

	Ryoko beamed, still unused to getting compliments from 
Tenchi, but loving it nonetheless. She gave him a slow kiss 
on the lips, and then pulled back. "I'll go and get Washu, now. 
You stay right here, okay?"

	Tenchi smiled, then winced, then nodded. Ryoko floated 
off through the doorway and down the stairs, her spirits, hopes 
and dreams soaring at an all time high. Tenchi loved her! How 
could this get ANY better? 

	<Well, him not being shot would be a good start... >
	<Yeah, I suppose. But it's okay; Washu will fix him up! >
	<What if she can't? What if he gets some infection, then 
some disease and then dies? And after he said he loved us? NOOOO!!!! 
Hurry! Faster, girl! >

	Regardless of the ridiculousness of the argument, Ryoko 
started to fly a little quicker all the same. As she 
descended the steps, she noticed that the lights were still 
on in the living room, so she decided to make a quick 
investigation. Ryoko scratched her head and floated into 
the living room...only to find it to be devoid of life. 
All that was there was a scattered game of checkers, a 
still tuned in television...and nothing else.

	Ryoko shrugged and flew over to the Kitchen to see 
if anyone was in there. She frowned when she found a similar 
situation of evidence of life, yet no one was there. 
	<Where is everyone? >

	Ryoko scratched her head, and realized what time it was. 
They must all be in bed. But...if they were in bed...why 
would they leave the lights on and everything scattered about? 
She was the only one in the house who would do something 
like that. <Washu's lab. >

	Ryoko frowned, not too eager to enter Washu's lab, 
yet her eagerness to fix up Tenchi slew that fear the 
second it surfaced. She floated over to the closet door, and 
knocked 3 times. No answer. Ryoko huffed in annoyance, and 
then opened the door slowly. 

	Ryoko stood there and watched as Washu, Ayeka and 
Sasami were sitting around a table with a small little girl, 
obviously asking her questions. 

<Who the hell is that? >
<Well, only one way to find out. >

	Ryoko floated towards the group of women quickly, 
still thinking of Tenchi's position, more than whom the girl 
was. Ayeka turned and saw her coming towards them.

	"Oh, it's you. Ah! Ryoko, you're soaking wet!"

	"Well of course I am! Have you even LOOKED outside, you 
idiot?" Ryoko huffed in annoyance. The others slowly brought 
their gazes over to Ryoko. There she stood, in all her 
splendor and glory, soaking wet, with a ruined black dress and 
matted hair, dripping water onto the floor below her, with a 
grin on her face.

	"Hello, Ryoko! How was your date with Tenchi?" Sasami 
asked cheerfully.

	Ryoko's only response was a dreamy nod. Ayeka squinted to 
get a closer look at Ryoko, to see if there was any evidence 
that could be used in her benefit on her current physical appearance.

	Washu stood up and walked over to Ryoko. "Well, in any 
event, let me introduce you. Ryoko, this is Tomoe." Washu 
said, extending her hand over to the little girl, whom sat 
timidly in a chair, wearing a simple white night gown, looking 
back at her with intense curiosity.

	"Yeah that's great. Washu, I need to talk to you."

	"Miss Ryoko! You should extend a better courtesy to a 
child in distress!" Ayeka muffed.

	Ryoko didn't even pay attention. "Washu, let's go to 
Tenchi, right now. He needs your help."

	Washu frowned. "Why? I'm busy here, you know."

	Ryoko grabbed Washu's arm. "Forget the kid, Tenchi's 
been shot!"

	Sasami and Ayeka gasped in horror. Washu's eyes widened, 
and then she nodded. Ryoko nodded in confirmation, then 
teleported the two of them to Tenchi's room. Tenchi still 
sat there on the bed, getting the sheets soaked and bloody, 
obviously in quite some pain. Washu looked down at his leg, 
and her eyes of fear softened a little when she realized 
that he was shot in the leg, not in the chest, or the head.

	"Hey, kid. Does it hurt bad?"

	Tenchi frowned heavily at the question, feeling that the 
question was completely unnecessary. Washu nodded then walked 
over to Tenchi. Ryoko sat down net to Tenchi, and took his 
hand. He looked at her, and smiled. She smiled back. Washu 
noticed this right away, but decided to pay more attention to 
Tenchi's leg first. After examining the wound for a few more 
seconds she stood up.

	"Alright, It's not that bad. I can remove the bullet 
and patch the wound up right here and now, if you want."

	Tenchi thought about it for a second and then nodded. As 
he did, Ayeka burst into the room, followed by Sasami who was 
leading Tomoe by the hand.

	"TENCHI!!!"

	Ayeka rushed over to him, and looked at his leg, 
breathing a sigh of relief, similar to that of Washu's.

	"Ryoko, how could..."

	She was cut off. "Later, Ayeka. Let's deal with this, 
first." Washu said. She summoned her holotop, and began to type 
quickly. A small dark blue pocket of subspace opened, and she 
removed some surgical tools, and then the hole vanished.

	"Alright people, give me some room!"

	Ayeka backed up a few feet, the lot of them looking at 
Tenchi. Ayeka instantly took notice of Ryoko holding Tenchi's 
hand, but decided that this was not the time to fuss over that. 
Washu walked over to Tenchi, and then paused.

	She cleared her throat. "Um...you're going to have to 
take off your pants, Tenchi."

	Tenchi blushed, but overall decided that she was right. 
He stood up, and almost fell over from the pain, but Ryoko 
was right there to support him. Ayeka frowned again, but 
once again let it pass. As Ryoko supported Tenchi, he slowly 
undid his belt, and then slid his pants off. 

	Washu quickly typed something on her holopad again, 
and a surgical table appeared in the middle of Tenchi's room. 
She motioned to it with her head. Ryoko carefully picked up 
Tenchi and lay him across the table.

	Washu slipped on some surgical gloves. "Okay, it 
would be best if the four of you waited outside while I do this. 
Don't worry, it's an easy operation, and there isn't really 
anything that can go wrong, and it's not a life or death 
situation, so it'll be fine."

	The girls nodded, and then slowly left his room. As 
Ryoko reached the door last, she turned to look at Tenchi, 
and smiled gently. He looked at her, and returned the smile. 
Once again, Washu noticed this, but decided not to call 
them on it. Ryoko quietly shut the door behind her.

	Washu grinned. "Okay, Tenchi, here we go. I'm going 
to freeze your leg first, so this part is going to be a little painful."

	Tenchi nodded, and then lay down fully on the table. 
Washu pulled a blue medical instrument that is clearly not 
used on earth from the medical kit she previously summoned. 
It resembled a pen or a pencil. It was a dark blue, only at 
the top it had several circular tubes.

	Washu dabbed the blood away from the wound with a 
sterilized cloth, then slowly punctured the flesh 
around the wound with the medical instrument. Tenchi 
winced and groaned in pain, but stayed still. After about 
creating five different puncture marks, Washu stopped, 
and put the instrument away.

	"Okay Tenchi, I'm ready to begin. How does it feel 
now?"

	"It feels...completely numb."

	Washu smiled. "That's good to hear." She pulled out a 
set of medical tweezers, and then started to spread the 
flesh so she could pull out the inlodged bullet. As she 
worked, she spoke.

	"So, you and Ryoko have certainly been getting closer, 
haven't you?" she said with a smile as she continued to 
pry at the bullet.

	Tenchi started to sweat a little. "Oh...uh...you noticed?"

	Washu giggled as she got a firm handle on the bullet. 
"Oh yeah. So how are you going to break this to Ayeka?"

	Tenchi sighed. "I don't know that yet. I mean, I only told 
Ryoko about half and hour ago that I loved her. I haven't 
really thought about Ayeka just yet. I know that must sound 
selfish, but..."

	"No Tenchi, that's okay. You have to act on your own 
feelings too. It wouldn't be fair to anybody if you didn't." Washu 
said sagely as she began to slowly pull the bullet out of the flesh.

	"I suppose. I hope she takes it well..."

	**********

	Ayeka watched as Ryoko closed the door to Tenchi's room; 
almost ready to explode that Ryoko had taken advantage of such a 
delicate situation. However, her anger was quelled a little at the 
soft expression on Ryoko's face as she closed the door. Ryoko 
smiled to the others.

	Ryoko then knelt down to look Tomoe in the eyes. "So you 
said that this is Tomoe?"

	The girl stepped back a little timidly. "Y...yes. My name 
is...Tomoe. It's...n...nice to meet you, miss."

	Ryoko stared at the girl, straight in the eyes. Red. 
That was certainly an unusual color for an earth girl. The girl's 
eyes were like two pools of blood, swirling into a conjuration 
of distorted flesh, and to stare into them was simply mesmerizing. 
Ryoko found that she couldn't take her eyes off of the two 
little globes.

	Ryoko suddenly found herself at a loss for words. She 
didn't know what to say, or what to ask the little girl. So she 
snapped herself from her trance, and then patted the girl on 
the head, and smiled. She stood to look at the others.

	"Where's Nobiyuki?"

	Ayeka seemed puzzled by the question, but answered 
nonetheless. "He's in his room, sleeping." Ryoko nodded, then 
walked over to Nobiyuki's room to fill him in on the situation, 
and to get him to drive the van home.

	Ayeka stood there in slight bewilderment. <This is very 
weird. Talking about Tomoe? Asking about NOBIYUKI of all people 
when Tenchi is seriously hurt? Just exactly what happened tonight? >

	She really had no idea what was going on, and decided that 
fretting over it would be useless, all that would accomplish 
would be giving her a severe headache. She turned to Sasami and Tomoe.

	"Sasami? Why don't you take Tomoe to bed now? She can 
sleep in my futon tonight, I suppose. Is that alright with you, 
Tomoe?" Ayeka asked gingerly.

	Tomoe nodded shyly. Sasami giggled. "C'mon, this way, Tomoe!"

	Sasami took Tomoe's hand and led her into Sasami and 
Ayeka's room. When they entered the room and then closed the door, 
Ayeka frowned. This is definitely no ordinary girl. Washu had 
even said so. Who was this mysterious girl? Why did she show up 
all of a sudden in the night? Where was she from?

	When the girls had spoken to Tomoe, she told them that 
she had no parents, and that she couldn't remember at all 
where she was from. Sasami of course paid this no mind and 
instantly became friends with the timid little child. Washu had 
of course already taken a blood sample from the girl, but she 
hadn't gotten around to analyzing it yet. And Ayeka...well she 
didn't know what to think.

	The most mysterious thing was...her eyes. Red. Ayeka had 
never seen someone with Red eyes in her entire life, from any 
humanoid race...and definitely not among the limited earth people. 
She sighed in annoyance, and leaned against the wall.

	<Is everything around here always so confusing? >

	Ayeka crossed her arms, and waited for Washu to finish 
up with Tenchi.

	**********

	"Damn, this is definitely the most interesting corpse I 
had ever seen." Iisuka muttered as he examined the man who Ryoko 
had cut in half earlier.

	Kiyone, Katsura and Mihoshi were also examining it. It 
was definitely interesting, because it was in half, and there 
was no blood. The wounds had been cauterized. This was very 
shocking for the two police officers. Of course, for Kiyone, 
she knew exactly what this meant.

	<Ryoko. >

	The four of them were crouched in the small alleyway, with 
red lights of their squad cars periodically filling the alleyway, 
other officers were examining the scene, taking notes. The whole 
thing had been closed off behind yellow tape. 

	"How the hell does this sort of thing even happen? It's 
like he was cut in half with a frickin' blowtorch." Katsura 
mumbled as he stood up.

	Kiyone knew that she was going to have to have a discussion 
with Ryoko about this incident. She stood up, and walked over to 
the first corpse, the one of the limp man. She winced at the sight 
of his mangled mouth, and then bent down for a closer look.

	"Hey, Kiyone, what do you think is going on?" Mihoshi asked 
as she bent down on the other side of the body, looking at Kiyone.

	"I really don't know. This doesn't look like some sort of 
gang incident. And the most puzzling thing is all of the shells 
lying around the place. It's like they were shooting, but the 
air blocked the shots." Kiyone thought out loud.

	Mihoshi was already way in over her head. "Umm...what do 
we do now, Kiyone?"

	Iisuka stood over them. "We get the hell outta here and 
get some coffee, that's what we do."

	The girls looked up to him. "Our shifts over, and section one 
has a good handle on this, so let's get out of here." He said with 
a smile.

	Kiyone stood up. "That's good."

	Iisuka frowned. "What is it, Detective?"

	Kiyone blinked. "What is...what?"

	Iisuka crossed his arms. "You know something. Or suspect 
something. What is it?"

	Kiyone gave a small laugh as she leaned against the wall 
of the alleyway and crossed her arms. "Well...I was just wondering 
if this is at all connected with the incident from earlier."

	"The gun heist? How so?"

	"I have no idea...I was just wondering. Maybe I just haven't 
been getting enough sleep lately." Kiyone said, as she rubbed 
her forehead to provide emphasis.

	Katsura stepped away from the dismembered corpse and 
dusted his hands off. "All the more reason to get some 
caffeine in you. So let's go."

	Kiyone nodded, and the four of them walked over to their 
squad cars. After deciding on a place to go and get 
something to eat and drink, they broke off into their respective 
patrol cars. Kiyone sighed as she plopped down into the 
black leather seat of the patrol car, and closed the door.

	She put the keys in the ignition, and slowly turned 
the car on. Mihoshi sat down next to her and did up her seatbelt.

	"Hey Kiyone! The place we're going, it is the best for 
donuts. I hear that they all sorts of flavors, and you can get 
four donuts for the price of three if you order a large coffee. 
Or was that three donuts for the price of four if you order a 
small coffee? Or maybe it was..."

	Mihoshi rambled on, and Kiyone did her best to simply 
block out the mindless chatter as she slowly backed the car 
out of the lane way. She had only gotten the car about halfway 
onto the street when the police radio sputtered to life.

	"...car 177, come in!"

	Kiyone grabbed the communicator and brought it to her mouth.

	"This is Detective Kiyone, HQ. Over."

	"We just received a report of a bank robbery in 
progress two blocks from your current position. Report to 
that location immediately. We'll send in car 145 as backup. Over."

	Kiyone confirmed this, then put the communicator down, 
and activated the siren, then backed onto the street. She sped 
off towards the bank as fast as she possibly could.

	She sighed heavily. "God, I hate the late shift..."


	**********

	"Hmm...that seems like an okay plan. Are you sure you 
trust me enough, though?" Washu said, as she finished up 
stitching Tenchi's leg.

	Tenchi smiled. "Well, I suppose so. You just operated 
on me, so I suppose I trust you enough to keep a secret."

	Washu dabbed at the now closed wound with the cloth. 
"Okay, if that's what you think is best, Tenchi. But...a word 
of advice."

	Tenchi sat up as she finished, looking at her. Washu 
threw the cloth into a cosmic trashcan (subspace, pseudo space, 
whatever). She put her hands on her hips and looked Tenchi square 
in the eyes. "I'm happy for you two, but don't keep it a secret for 
very long. It wouldn't have very good results in the end. Believe 
me."

	Tenchi threw his legs over the table end and nodded. 
"Don't worry. It'll only be for a couple of days until I can 
talk to Ryoko about how to tell everyone. Now...I've been 
meaning to ask you..."

	Washu helped Tenchi off the table and over to his bed. 
"What is it?"

	Tenchi sat on his bed, still pant-less. "Who was that 
little girl?"

	"Oh, you mean Tomoe?"

	Tenchi nodded.

	Washu sat down next to him. "Well...she popped into the 
house about 2 hours ago, in the pouring rain, wearing nothing 
but a bunch of tattered rags."

	Tenchi scratched his head. "I see."

	Washu nodded and continued. "I guess it's no really big 
deal...but I have to admit, I'm rather suspicious of the girl."

	"Why is that little Washu?"

	Washu closed her eyes and crossed her arms. "Well...think 
about it. We don't live in a very populated area, Tenchi. In 
fact, it's a good 15 clicks between here and someone else's house. 
Not to mention that this house already has a host of interesting 
visitors...I mean it's a coincidence that we all ended up 
here in the same house...but enough is enough, if you know I mean. 
Coincidences only go so far, you see what I mean?"

	Tenchi nodded in understanding. "What's so different 
about her?"

	Washu grinned. "You haven't seen her eyes, have you."

	Tenchi blinked. "Uh, no...I only got a really quick 
glimpse at her."

	Washu stood up. "They're as red as blood, Tenchi. 
That's pretty damn weird, even for us."

	Tenchi nodded. He then suddenly realized his 
proximity to Washu, and his lack of clothing. He began to 
blush furiously. Washu cackled. "I'm impressed, Tenchi! 
It took you almost half an hour to do that! Ryoko really 
has been a good influence on you!"

	Tenchi slowly stood up and chuckled. "I'm...uh...going 
to change now, so..."

	Washu giggled and nodded in understanding. "Alright, I'm 
outta here. Oh, and one last thing."

	"What is it?"

	"The anesthetic will wear off in about 5 hours...so 
don't be surprised when you wake up in the middle of the 
night with an agonizing pain in your leg...it's normal." Washu 
winked, and Tenchi grimaced.

	Washu began to make her way out of the room, but Tenchi's 
voice stopped her. "Oh, and one more thing." Washu turned.

	"Thanks, Little Washu."

	She gave a victory sign, then left the room. Tenchi 
sighed, and went to get himself changed into his sleep attire. 
He suddenly wished that Ryoko was there with him.

	**********

	"Miss Washu! How is Tenchi?" Ayeka asked as Washu 
finally emerged from Tenchi's room.

	"He's just fine, Ayeka. He's going to head off to 
bed now, so you can talk to him tomorrow, okay?" Washu 
smiled as she headed down the stairs.

	Ayeka stood there with Ryoko, who had returned after 
dropping Nobiyuki off with the van. She turned to Ryoko. "So...now what?"

	Ryoko was still in a daze. The sound of Ayeka's 
voice jarred her from it. "Huh? What?"

	"Well, I have nowhere to sleep tonight..." Ayeka was 
struggling. She didn't WANT to ask if she could share 
Ryoko's room...how could she? Pride, honor, and all that 
razzmatazz was at stake here.

	"You can use my room if you want."

	"HUH?" Ayeka was completely caught off guard by that.

	Ryoko turned to her. "Yeah, I've got some serious 
thinking to do tonight, so I probably won't be getting 
any sleep, so go right ahead."

	Ayeka didn't know what to say. She was going to 
protest, as there HAD to be some ulterior motive behind 
this, but the throes of exhaustion crept up on her, insisting 
that she take the offer. Ayeka nodded, and then slowly 
made her way into Ryoko's room.

	There was WAY too much going on today that was 
completely over her head. She needed sleep. Tomorrow she'd 
get to the bottom of everything. She walked over to the 
closet, and pulled a spare futon from it, and laid it down 
across the floor. She didn't even get underneath the cover 
before she fell asleep.

	Ryoko watched as Ayeka went into her room. As soon as 
the door closed, she began to laugh giddily. She stood 
there in the dark hallway in front of Tenchi's room, all 
by herself. She really didn't know what to do. Ever since 
Tenchi said her loved her, she couldn't get her head out 
of the clouds.

	Ryoko started spinning around, just thinking about 
how great her life had become, all in one day. She stopped 
dancing with herself and laughing, when a thought occurred 
to her.

	<Why not go IN there, and make the day even better?! >

	She grinned mischievously, and then floated through 
the doorway, still wearing the same dress, which was 
completely ruined, yet at the same time, her now favorite 
dress. It was dress she was wearing when it all happened. 
The room was dark, and Tenchi was in bed. She didn't blame 
him; getting shot and then getting stitches must have really 
drained the poor guy.

	She floated over to him, and when she got closer, she 
saw that his eyes were open, and he was staring right at her.

	"I was wondering when you were going to show up." 
He said with a smile on his face.

	She smiled back at him. "Well, your dad is on his way 
here now. Is...there anything you want me to get for you, 
MY Tenchi?" She giggled at that last part.

	He smiled, and then answered, "Nope."

	He shimmied over in his bed to one side, and then drew 
back the covers. "Well? What are you waiting for?"

	She laughed and blushed. Then a thought occurred to her 
and she blushed even more as she spoke. "Um...how much...
clothing do want me to wear?"

	Tenchi blushed. "Well...however much you want, I suppose. 
Although I'd like to...we won't do anything like THAT 
tonight...what with my leg like it is and all."

	Ryoko smiled and nodded, content with the simple 
prospect of being able to just sleep with Tenchi. She phased 
out of her dress, and into a simple T-shirt and panties, and 
then slowly got into the bed next to him, and giggled.

	He smiled. "What's so funny?"

	She looked over at him, her face beaming. "It's just...
so...different. I mean, you LETTING me into your bed and all."

	They lay there, smiling at each other for a few minutes. 
Ryoko pulled the covers up to her chin, and then snuggled up to 
Tenchi. He wrapped his arm around her, as she sighed with 
absolute contentness.

	"So...Ryoko? There's something we should talk about."

	"What is it, Tenchi?"

	Tenchi kissed her forehead. "About how to break this 
to everyone. Washu knows already, and she promised to let 
us tell the rest of the people, but I think we should 
figure out how to do that."

	Ryoko nodded. "Yeah...I know what you mean."

	They sat there in each other's arms, thinking of a 
good way to let everyone down on the subject. Well...really 
just Ayeka, for that matter. Everyone else would handle it 
just fine...well...maybe not FINE, but at least everyone's 
actions would be predictable. That's where Ayeka was 
different from the others. When it came down to it, neither 
Ryoko nor Tenchi had absolutely any idea how the princess 
would react to this.

	Tenchi's eyes went wide with a sudden realization. 
"Uh-oh..."

	Ryoko looked into his eyes. "What is it?"

	"Umm...well, Washu said that I'm going to be in a 
hell of a lot of pain in a few hours when the anesthetic 
wears off, and if it's too much, and I make too much noise 
from the pain..."

	Ryoko's eyes widened. For two reasons. One, because she 
caught on to what he was getting at, and two, because she 
couldn't stand it that there was inevitable pain on the way for 
Tenchi. 

	What if he made noise, and Ayeka burst in, and found 
Ryoko in bed with Tenchi? THAT certainly wouldn't fit the 
description of 'letting her down easy'. Not in the slightest.

	Ryoko grinned. "Don't worry Tenchi, If you scream or 
anything, I'll make sure NO one hears it."

	Tenchi blushed, and then smiled. And then he cursed his 
leg, because this was as bad as it ever got. Now, not only was 
he in love with her, but they were practically naked, in his 
bed, and HE was the one holding them back from moving forward. 
Needless to say, his hormones were thrashing about his body as 
if they were attending a heavy metal concert, and they were all 
head banging to the sound of Tenchi's heart beat grow ever more 
rapid.

	Tenchi and Ryoko continued to stare into each other's eyes, 
smiling at each other all the while. Ryoko embraced Tenchi 
tightly, and he returned it.

	"I love you, my Tenchi."

	"I love you, my Ryoko."

	They pulled each other into a very passionate kiss, which 
lasted for several minutes. All the while, Tenchi was surprised 
that his leg wasn't being affected at all by the fact that her 
body was pressing against it. Unfortunately, this thought merely 
fueled the fire.

	As the two of them pulled back, Tenchi grinned sheepishly, 
and Ryoko giggled. "You know Tenchi...I was thinking."

	"What is it?"

	Ryoko closed one eye, and squinted her other as she smiled 
brightly. "I'm not sure how you feel exactly...but, I know how I feel. 
And I feel that I want to be with you forever, no matter what."

	Tenchi looked at her, and then realized what she was talking about. 
He began to blush. "R...Ryoko, I know how you feel, but..."

	Ryoko leaned forward and ran her tongue along the side of 
Tenchi's face, very slowly. "But...what, Tenchi? Don't you want 
to?"

	Tenchi found himself sweating, struggling with all of his 
might not to cave in. He prayed that she would give in soon, before 
he did. "I just...don't want to ruin..."

	His voice was caught in his throat as Ryoko threw off her 
T-shirt, leaving her upper body completely uncovered. She smiled 
wickedly, and pressed her body against his, wrapping her arms around 
his neck and staring directly into his eyes. 

	"Ruin what, Tenchi? If it hurts, I won't do anything. But the 
idea is that we can express the love that we share for each other...so 
that way...it should be anything but painful."

	Tenchi found his blood level rising dramatically, with the feeling 
of Ryoko's bare breasts pressed against his chest, and her looking 
longingly into his eyes. Then he thought of something. The anesthetic 
won't wear off for a little while...so...he shouldn't feel any pain 
there, should he?

	That was a mistake. That one thought caused all of his will 
power to crash down in a dazzling array of fire and passion. 
He smiled at her quickly, catching her off guard, then fiercely 
kissed her on the lips, wrapping his strong arms around her. She 
was caught off guard for a moment, then instantly began to return 
the kiss.

	Ryoko slowly pulled back, and smiled ferally at Tenchi. "Don't 
you worry, Tenchi. I'll be sure to take EXTRA GOOD care of all of your 
body parts." She said with a wink.

	Tenchi smiled, and the two of them quickly removed what was left 
of the little amount of clothing that they had in the first place.

	"Much better, my Tenchi."

	Tenchi didn't even answer before he started to kiss her again.

	**********

	Meanwhile, while Tenchi was taking in the pink Cadillac 
to Jiffy-lubes for a tune-up (don't ask), Washu was performing an 
experiment of a different kind.

	Washu examined the specimen carefully, then slipped it under 
her microscope, as she magnified the image onto a larger screen, then 
settled back down in her floating chair. As she looked at it, she 
nodded. It was exactly as she had previously expected.

	Washu drummed her fingers along the edge of her chair in thought. 
This was interesting all right. This girl indeed held a lot of significance, 
as she was indeed a danger. Although she herself wasn't an immediate threat, 
her being who she was indeed was a cause for concern.

	Washu sighed. "I never knew that earthlings had technology of 
this capability yet. It's still rather primitive, but even so..."

	Washu sighed as she continued to examine her specimen with 
increasing interest. This was definitely something that was NOT normal.

	**********

	Elsewhere, a similar specimen was receiving similar tests. 

	"So?"

	Grissom stood and looked on at the DNA readouts of the 
sample that he had collected at the scene. He read over them 
carefully. Then he grinned evilly.

	"Alright, it's simple. Find out where this person lives, 
and get back to me right away. Then I want as much background 
info on this guy as possible."

	The man bowed. "As you wish."

	The man left the room, and Grissom walked over to a phone. 
He sat down in the desk, and picked up the receiver. He put the 
phone to his ear, then pressed a red button on the phone, an auto dial.

	Grissom waited for a few rings before the phone was picked up. 
"Hello?"

	"It's me."

	"Oh, Grissom. I assume that the lab just got back the 
results on that specimen you recovered?"

	"Yes. It is linked to a man living in Japan."

	"I see. Very good. By the way, I heard that you killed 
Arakawa. Is that true?"

	Grissom's face tightened a bit. "I apologize sir, but..."

	"Don't worry about it. He was beginning to get on 
my nerves anyway. He probably lost the construct, didn't he?"

	"Yes."

	"Well then he deserved death. So don't worry about that. 
How is the replacement of the Akira branch coming along?"

	Grissom leaned back in his chair. "I had an idea about that."

	"Oh? What is it?"

	"Well, instead of founding a new branch, why not 
concur their responsibilities over to the mole? He is more 
than able to accomplish their tasks of keeping the police 
stalled."

	"Hmm...yes, that does make more sense, actually. Very 
well, I'll inform him myself. Is there anything else?"

	Grissom stroked the hilt of his katana. "I was just 
wondering...what of the Deus project? Will tomorrow's 
shipment effect it?"

	The man on the other side sighed into the phone. 
"Unlikely. I'm not too sure on this though. I'm not as gung-ho 
on this type of situation as I used to be."

	Grissom sneered. "That is why I'm here. I can handle it, 
if you feel that you're not up to it."

	"I suppose. But you realize that there is almost a guarantee 
of an uprising there, don't you? The information has already 
been passed on."

	"That is why it would be better if I went. The project 
needs you more than it needs me. Besides, I am not as hesitant 
as you are, Solomon."

	Solomon chuckled. "Yes, that is true. I guess I owe you 
something for that, don't I, old friend?"

	Grissom chuckled as well. "Well, I'll take charge then. 
We should probably look into getting a better replacement for 
Arakawa a.s.a.p."

	"Agreed. I'll do that tomorrow. I suppose finding the 
construct is completely irrelevant, since as we already have 
the information necessary for creating another one. Oh, and 
one last thing."

	"What is it?"

	"What do you plan to do about this man, if you find him?"

	Grissom's face became a frightful one of anger. 
"I will find him, then I will chop him into little tiny pieces. 
You know how I hate it when people fuck with my men."

	Solomon laughed. "Ha, don't I ever. Anyway, I'll talk to 
you the day after tomorrow. Make sure that the...event...tomorrow 
doesn't get too far out of hand, alright?"

	"I'll try not to kill too many cops, if that's what 
you're getting at."

	Solomon laughed. "You never change, old friend. Very 
well, I'll continue with the Deus project, and you will take 
charge of the shipment. Take care, Grissom."

	The phone clicked. Grissom grinned sinisterly, and 
then set the receiver down. "Yes, boy. No one fucks with the 
Black Dragon Syndicate and lives."

	*********

	Ryoko and Tenchi lay there, panting heavily, and very out 
of breath, and very tired. Not too mention that they both had 
enormous smiles of contentment on their faces. Their sweat-covered 
bodies illuminated the room like two fireflies in absolute 
darkness.

	Tenchi looked over at his clock. 2:33 AM. He still 
had another hour until the anesthetic wore off. Then he glanced 
over at Ryoko, who was smiling back at him. She was still 
breathing heavily, so all she could do was mouth the word, "Wow" 
to him. He smiled, and then pulled her closer to him, and she 
rested her head on his chest, her soft hair brushing his face, 
and her breath warming his bare chest.

	"T...thank you, Tenchi." Ryoko finally said.

	Tenchi looked down at her, as she turned to look at him. 
"Uh...you're welcome, Ryoko."

	Ryoko giggled. "I'm serious. I want to thank you for seeing 
me for who I really am...and for letting me see who you really are."

	Tenchi nodded. "I see. Well...I'm really sorry it took me 
so long to do so, Ryoko. You deserve better."

	"No...that's alright. I was going about it wrong...and it's 
okay. I have you now, don't I?"

	"Yeah, you sure do. That was wonderful, Ryoko." Tenchi 
said, smiling back at her. He tilted one eyebrow up at her. 
"Are you sure you're still going to have enough energy to stifle 
my screams? Hmm?"

	She giggled. "Are you sure you're going to have enough 
energy to scream?"

	They both laughed lightly at that. Ryoko moved up a 
bit so she could look into his eyes at eye level. "Hey...Tenchi? 
Where do you want to go from here?"

	Tenchi thought about that for a moment. Well, what came 
after this? There was only really one thing. But...was he ready 
for that? What was holding him back, though? He looked into her 
eyes, and then the answer came to him.

	"Well...to be honest, I can't think of anyone other than 
you who I'd ever want to have a family with, Ryoko. But right 
now, I think we should be more concerned with letting the others 
get their reactions in before that. Plus I don't want to be the 
only guy in school who's married...it would just be too...weird. 
After school though, for sure."

	Ryoko stared back at him with glossy, watery, beautiful yellow 
eyes. "T...Tenchi...you'd really...want to...have a family...with me?"

	Tenchi smiled and nodded. "Of course, Ryoko. I love you, 
and I want to be with you forever. And don't think for a second 
that I don't mean that."

	Ryoko shed a single stray tear as she slowly and gently 
embraced Tenchi, weeping happily on his shoulder, as he held 
her back. It was the same embrace that she had used earlier that 
day. The embrace was so incredible to Tenchi...it showed him how 
her heart felt. When she used this gentle embrace, he felt warm. 
Not only physically, but his entire soul was warmed by the 
feeling...her love channeling into his soul, and his going into 
hers.

	Ryoko eventually pulled back, laughing and wiping away 
tears while looking at Tenchi. "You know, Tenchi. I was thinking...are 
we...even compatible?"

	Tenchi stopped for a second. This was a serious thought. 
What if they weren't? What if they COULDN'T have kids together? 
Did that even matter?

	Tenchi smiled to reassure her. "Well, I don't see why not. 
But even if we aren't, we still have each other, right? And all 
of the other's, too."

	"So...even if we're not, you'd still want to be with me?" 
Ryoko asked, unable to believe how incredible this one day had 
been for her.

	Tenchi answered by giving her a tender kiss, which started 
to become a little more passionate. But then they both stopped 
at the same time, and both said at the same time, "I'm too 
tired to go again."

	They laughed. Tenchi took Ryoko into his arms, and she 
rested her head on his chest. They lay there like that for a few 
minutes in silence.

	"Hey, Ryoko?"

	"What is it?"

	Tenchi smiled to himself. "Now that we're all close and 
friendly-like, there's something I want to ask you. Actually, 
I've wanted to know for quite some time, I just never worked up 
the courage to ask you before."

	Ryoko turned to look at him. "Ask away, Tenchi."

	Tenchi scratched his forehead. "Well...which one was 
telling the truth? I mean, all those stories you and Ayeka 
used to tell about each other. Who was being honest?"

	Ryoko blushed. Tenchi continued. "If it helps any, I don't 
care if you were the one who lied."

	Ryoko shook her head. "Well in that case...we both did."

	"Really."

	"Uh huh. For the story about the flowers, I was minding 
my own business in a flower field, when she came up and ordered 
me to get lost. So I got pissed off and stole her flower tiara 
off her head."

	Tenchi laughed, and she smiled, then continued. "And for 
the carnival, I was selling pots and stuff. It was all crap, 
really, but I made it. Then she came and dogged on me about it, 
and then left. I got pissed, so I stole her wallet."

	Tenchi started to laugh a little harder. Ryoko was 
beginning to chuckle with him. "Anyway, when we were at the hotel, 
I did get drunk and fall asleep on her bed...but then she drenched 
me when I was fishing."

	Tenchi was laughing loudly now, and Ryoko was beginning to 
join him. They both tried to shush each other, in fear of waking 
the others up, but seeing the looks on each other's face caused 
them to burst out laughing even more.

	They continued to laugh together...and of course, the worst 
possible thing to happen, happened. The door to their room burst 
open, and as of no surprise, it was indeed Ayeka who had thrown 
the door open. She looked angry at first, but that expression 
melted off immediately to an expression of intense pain, as she 
looked at Ryoko and Tenchi, in bed, naked and laughing together.

	Ryoko and Tenchi looked at her, completely silent. Seconds 
passed, without anyone moving, or anyone saying anything. Not one 
of the three people knew exactly how to handle this extremely 
delicate situation. Each second that passed was like a crushing 
weight on Ayeka's heart, seeing her worst nightmare come true, 
right before her very eyes. So...she finally spoke, saying the very 
first thing that came to her mind.

	"H...how long has this been going on?"

	Tenchi sat up slowly and looked at her, with eyes full of sadness 
for this was the way that she found out about them. "This...was the 
first time, Ayeka. I'm...sorry...I..."

	"NO YOU'RE NOT!" Ayeka screamed at him, tears beginning to 
fall freely from her face. Her breathing was quickening, and her 
knees began to quake heavily. She found that she couldn't look at 
either one of them any longer, and so she slowly turned around and 
left the room.

	Tenchi and Ryoko sat there, in complete silence. Neither one 
of them knew what to do about this. Unfortunately, things got worse. 
Since Ayeka had yelled, the rest of the family came barreling into 
Tenchi's room as well.

	"Tenchi, what going on...!" Nobiyuki stopped talking and his mouth fell 
agape at the sight before him.

	Sasami, Tomoe, and Washu were standing there, also in shock. 
Well, not Washu. Washu was suppressing a grin. Nobiyuki was about 
to begin to congratulate Tenchi, but Tenchi cut him off. 

	"No, not now dad. This isn't the time." He said, his 
voice full of sadness.

	Ryoko sat up and held Tenchi's hand...making sure that 
her body was still covered. Tenchi turned to his audience, and 
in a quiet voice spoke.

	"This isn't how I intended for everyone to find out, but 
now you know. But now, someone needs to talk to Ayeka, and I 
know it shouldn't be Ryoko or me. She walked in here first...and 
now she left." Tenchi said, looking at his father while talking.

	Nobiyuki's expression softened. "Alright, Tenchi. I'm very 
happy for you, but I think you're right." He turned to Washu. 
"Maybe it would be best if we went to find Ayeka, right Miss Washu?"

	Washu nodded, then looked over to Tenchi. "It's alright 
you guys. Don't feel bad about it. You didn't do anything wrong." 
With that, the four of them left the room, and closed the door 
behind them.

	The two of them sat in silence for a few minutes not 
knowing what they should say or do that would be appropriate 
for that situation. Finally, Tenchi spoke.

	"Well...that didn't go so well, did it?" He sighed.

	Ryoko shook her head, and kissed him on the cheek. She 
smiled for him as she rubbed his arm gently. "No...it didn't. 
But, she was going to have to find out sooner or later. And Washu 
was right, we didn't do anything wrong, Tenchi."

	Tenchi looked over to her. "Yeah, you're right. But you 
know, I still CARE about her feelings. She is important to me, 
Ryoko. I just don't feel very good about what just happened."

	Ryoko nodded, and then embraced him. "It's alright, Tenchi. 
I feel bad for her, too. But there really isn't anything that we 
can do to help her, is there? I mean, if either of us went to 
talk to her, would she listen? I probably wouldn't."

	Tenchi leaned over into her embrace, and rested his head on 
her chest as she stroked his hair. "I guess your right...but...it's 
going to be so hard to talk to her anymore now."

	Ryoko stayed silent as she held her Tenchi. Although she 
probably wouldn't admit it, her heart went out to the princess. 
She knew that it would crush her soul if she were to walk in on 
Tenchi with Ayeka. She wanted to make Ayeka feel better, too...but 
she had no idea on how to do that.

	"You know...it's kind of funny, Tenchi."

	Tenchi closed his eyes, feeling sleep beginning to 
claim him. "What is?"

	Ryoko gently caressed Tenchi's chest with her free 
hand. "Life."

	Tenchi didn't respond, he simply let Ryoko speak, as 
he rested against her chest. "Is funny because...today was 
undoubtedly the absolute greatest day of my life, Tenchi. I 
had a couple of dreams I had been wishing for...and they all 
came true...on one day. But..."

	Ryoko paused, her eyes starting to water a little. 
"But it's really unfair that all my happiness had to come 
at the expense of someone else's unhappiness. You know what 
I mean?"

	Tenchi simply nodded, not really feeling the need to 
speak. He lay there, listening to Ryoko's words...until a tear 
struck his head. He opened his eyes, and then raised his head to 
look at Ryoko in the eyes. Her lip was trembling as she looked at 
him in the eyes, her face lined with tears...but these weren't tears 
of joy.

	Tenchi looked at her with a very gentle smile, as he wiped 
her tears away with his hand. "Yeah...I know, Ryoko. Life sucks. 
There is so much wrong all of the time...it really is depressing. But...
there is happiness, too. Life isn't only pain. There are good times. 
But at the same time, life without pain isn't real."

	He gently rested his hand on her shoulder, and then slowly 
pulled her body against his, as she began to slowly weep over his 
shoulder. "Ayeka will be alright...I know it. She is a strong girl. 
As long as she doesn't do something foolish, like kill herself...she'll 
be all right. She can move on...I know it. Because, I know we can 
help her. Even though she won't want us to right away..."

	He thought back to the look of pure pain on her face when 
she had entered the room. His eyes began to water slightly. "...but 
we still can be there for her, one way or another. Besides...if we 
didn't do this...it wouldn't be fair to anyone, Ryoko."

	She pulled back from his shoulder. "What do you mean?"

	"Well...having your feelings hurt is a terrible thing. But 
whose to say that denying your feelings is any better? I knew that the 
moment I loved you that there was no way I could keep it bottled up. 
It would be way too painful. And...and if all we live for is to make 
others happy, no one would ever be happy, now would they?"

	Ryoko's eyes widened. "I guess so...but I never thought I'd 
ever hear you say something so..."

	"Selfish?"

	She chuckled a little. "Yeah, I guess so."

	He smiled. "I guess I have been hanging around you too much, 
haven't I?"

	They both slowly lay back onto the bed, staring at each 
other. Ryoko spoke.

	"Not nearly enough for my tastes."

	Tenchi smiled and kissed her. "Me either. Well...my leg is 
really going to start bitching in about half an hour, and I don't 
think we really need to worry about someone walking in on us, 
this time."

	Ryoko nodded. "Yeah, you're right. You know...I really don't 
feel like going to sleep anymore."

	Tenchi smiled. "Me neither. Actually...I wouldn't mind 
having a bath right about now. Why don't we go together? It would 
be nice, don't you think?"

	Ryoko stood out of the bed, and helped Tenchi to his feet. 
"That sounds like a great idea, MY Tenchi."

	He laughed. "There's the Ryoko I know." He smiled. "MY Ryoko."

	**********

	Washu and Nobiyuki stood atop the stairs, looking down into 
the living room. They had already escorted Tomoe and Sasami off 
to bed, and know were thinking of how to deal with Ayeka.

	They watched, as Ayeka sat solemnly on the couch, with her 
hands folded across her lap, in her nightgown, perfectly still. 
She was as a statue of glass...the slightest word or phrase would 
shatter her. She was sitting, as if there was no life within her, 
although she was indeed alive...the constant streams of tears down 
her face were proof of that.

	Washu observed the situation, and decided that it was indeed 
her responsibility to talk to Ayeka. Not that she was at fault or 
anything; it was just that she was the only one in the house right 
now who could. Not Tenchi or Ryoko...that would simply upset Ayeka 
further, as most certainly the mere sight of them right now would 
cause her to fall further into the throes of despair. Not 
Tomoe...because...well, what would she SAY, exactly? The two had 
only known each other for a couple of hours. Not Sasami because someone 
was needed to comfort Tomoe from her ordeal earlier and Sasami was 
already doing a fine job of that. And not Katsuhito, because he was up 
at the shrine. And finally, not Nobiyuki...he simply didn't seem to be 
adept at handling this sort of situation...or at least he had hidden that 
ability from Washu, quite well.

	No, Washu decided that it was indeed her who had to talk to 
Ayeka. She clenched a fist lightly, and put on a face of determination, 
as she continued to stare at the near lifeless shell of a body, that 
had been known as Ayeka. Washu turned to Nobiyuki.

	"Nobiyuki? You can go back to bed, now. I'll handle this, 
okay?" Washu whispered, in a tone that was mostly a statement, not 
a question.

	Nobiyuki thought about it for a small moment, then nodded. 
"Alright, Miss Washu. I'll let you take care of this."

	He silently bid her goodnight, and made his way back down the 
hallway to his bedroom. Washu watched him go, and close the door 
behind him. After being certain that Washu was the only one up, she 
slowly turned back to Ayeka, a small fear inside of her issuing that 
she may have become broken when she took her eyes off her...but 
fortunately, the fear was unjustified, as she remained as she was, 
silent and sobbing.

	Washu began to slowly descend the steps, when the sound of a 
door closing behind her interrupted her. She stopped to turn around 
to see who it was. It was Ryoko leading Tenchi down the hallway 
towards the stairs, the two of them now wearing shirts and sweatpants. 
Washu sighed.

	She whispered angrily, "Hey, you two! Go back! You shouldn't 
talk to her right now! You'll only make things worse! I'll take 
care of this!"

	They didn't stop until they were in front of Washu, and 
Tenchi whispered back. "We're just going to take a bath, little 
Washu. Don't worry about it."

	Ryoko nodded. "Yeah. We'll be using the women's bath...so make 
sure that no one comes in while we're in there, okay?"

	Washu sighed, and nodded. She took Tenchi's other arm, and 
helped him down the stairs with Ryoko. They thanked her, and Ryoko 
opened the door, and the two of them stepped inside, as Washu 
closed the door behind them. Washu breathed a small breath of relief, 
then returned her focus to the matter at hand.

	Slowly, if ever so carefully, Washu took small steps into the 
living room, where Ayeka sat in complete despair. Washu made 
certain to make at least a little bit of noise when she entered 
the room, as so she wouldn't startle, frighten, or anger the 
distraught princess. She continued until she was standing in front 
of the couch, looking down at the sitting Ayeka.

	Ayeka simply stared in front of her, as if her soul had 
left its body, and her flesh was in a state of perpetual 
hibernation, awaiting the return of her true self. Washu stood for 
a moment, before taking a seat next to the princess. Washu sat 
there, staring forward as well, thinking of what to do next. Her 
field of expertise certainly wasn't human relations.

	Most of the time, Ayeka would either get annoyed, 
frightened, or angry by Washu's actions, and this was certainly 
not the time to annoy, frighten or anger her. Washu racked her 
brain, thinking of any way possible to sooth the poor woman's 
soul. The two of them sat in complete silence, only the sound 
of the two of them breathing could be heard as they sat in almost 
complete darkness. Only the moonlight shining through the glass 
window light up the otherwise dark and desolate room.

	Washu decided that the only way to start a discussion 
with the princess was if it was on a topic other than that of 
Ryoko or Tenchi. If she could possibly distract Ayeka from her 
sorrows, and get her to open up to her, she might be able to 
sooth her emotionally, at least a little bit. Washu decided 
to think of a non-threatening topic.

	"Umm...hey, Ayeka? I found out the results on Tomoe's 
blood test. I haven't told anyone else about them yet..." Washu 
was very cautious about the tone she used with her...and she wasn't 
completely certain whether or not Ayeka would take the bait.

	Ayeka continued to simply stare off into nothing, tears 
flowing steadily down her face. She made absolutely no 
acknowledgement that Washu was even there. Washu decided to 
press the issue. She had to get her to talk.

	"It's pretty interesting, actually. Y'know, she's not 
even human."

	Still nothing.

	"Her brain patterns in particular must be different. 
The wavelength properties of her DNA is actually quite different 
from that of earthlings...or even Jurians."

	Still nothing.

	"The thing that I find to be most interesting about 
her...is she's...not even real. She's a construct."

	Ayeka's eye darted to the side, and Washu noted that 
now she had Ayeka's attention.

	"Yeah...she's a fake person, so to speak. A homunculus 
of artificial rhibosomes...scary. It's funny, I wasn't really 
aware that earthlings had the technology to create a totally new 
person from scratch. Not to mention the technology to digitize a 
human mind and soul."

	Ayeka turned to face Washu, her sorrow starting to be 
replaced with curiosity. Washu inwardly smiled. 
<Good job, professor. >

	"I won't know for certain until a get a better diagnostics 
check than a small blood sample...but...it seems that she was 
constructed with a specific purpose in mind." Washu stated, 
turning her gaze to meet Ayeka's.

	Ayeka looked puzzled. "What would give you that idea 
exactly, Miss Washu?"

	Washu yawned and scratched her nose. "Well...her cellular 
structure has been severely compromised. I don't think it was 
construction error...I think it was deliberate. Also, I found many 
nanomachines within her blood."

	"Nanomachines?" Ayeka asked.

	Washu nodded. "Yeah. They're small machines that are about the 
size of a cell. It's a primitive cellular technology, but it is 
pretty effective. Essentially, they are designed to carry out the 
functions of a normal cell, only at a much quicker pace."

	"What purpose do these so called nanomachines serve?"

	"Well...without getting to technical, they carry out the 
basic cellular functions much quicker than a normal human cell can. 
This also includes the signals from the brain to the supply of 
white blood cells and platelets...essentially meaning that the 
body can heal itself MUCH quicker than normally, with the aid of 
nanomachines." Washu stated, trying to make it as simple as possible, 
so she wouldn't confuse Ayeka, or bore her into her previous line of 
thought. She wasn't ready to talk about that, just yet.

	Ayeka frowned in thought. "Isn't it normal for all civilizations 
to procture this sort of technology eventually? Or do you think 
there is cause for additional concern?"

	Washu sighed. "No, I really think that this is a special 
case...concern is necessary...trust me, Ayeka."

	"Why is that?"

	Washu leaned back into the couch, and folded her arms 
across her chest, and then met Ayeka's gaze. "Normally, civilizations 
come across this technology on their own, and then they create another 
one of themselves simply for the sake of doing so...and that isn't 
exactly the case here. It's true, Tomoe is 100% manufactured...but she's 
different. She isn't like a primitive construct, she's real. She 
actually has feelings, and she is real person. That usually doesn't 
happen the first time a race of people take a crack at playing god, 
Ayeka. Further, it is obvious that she was built with some sort of 
purpose, other than that of further advancing the ego of this society."

	"What do mean? What kind of purpose?" Ayeka asked, now fully 
fascinated by the discussion, and trying her best to take her 
mind off of Tenchi and Ryoko.

	Washu closed her eyes, and leaned back. "Like I said, I 
won't be certain until I run a full test...but from the information 
I already have, her entire DNA structure has been built with 
intentional flaws."

	"What kind of flaws exactly?"

	"Well...the spiral of the DNA isn't exactly completely 
cylindrical. It's somewhat wavy...which leads me to believe 
that some sort of resonation was the intention of the design flaw."

	Ayeka's blank face clued Washu in to explain it a little 
differently. "In other words, they want to use her body for 
something. My best guess would be something to do with her mind. 
If all her DNA is the same structure, her brain cells could be 
utilized which specific intentions."

	Ayeka sighed and closed her eyes. "What kind of 
intentions do you think?"

	Washu thought through it, and tried to think of an 
easy way to explain it to Ayeka. "Well...if they could hook 
Tomoe's brain up to a machine, they could probably control her 
mind."

	Ayeka gasped. Washu shook her head. "Not control her mind 
in the basic sense of 'go here, do this', but they could control 
her DNA."

	Ayeka now looked truly puzzled. "What would be the 
point of that, exactly?"

	"Well...since the DNA has been structured to give off 
a certain degree of residual resonance, it could be many things. 
I'll bet that whoever built Tomoe was going to use her as a 
catalyst for linking people's minds."

	"Linking...minds?"

	Washu nodded. "Yeah, that's my guess. If they could hook 
two people's brains up to Tomoe's brain, there is technology 
that I myself have access to that could send synthetic vibrations 
into the subjects cranium, causing the subject's thought's to 
oscillate over a digital cable, into Tomoe's brain. If two subjects 
are linked to Tomoe at once, and they are both hit with the same 
frequency at the same time, their thoughts will merge within Tomoe's. 
That's the theory, anyway. The idea is so that two people can cast 
aside their flesh and essentially become one being, sharing the 
same thoughts and experiences with each other, without borders or 
restrictions. It's an illegal practice within advanced cultures, 
actually."

	Ayeka fell back into the couch. "It all sounds a bit 
complicated..." she then sat up quickly, looking at Washu. 
"What happens to Tomoe during this...experience?"

	Washu uncrossed her arms. "Well, one of two things. Either 
they use a machine to forcibly suppress her consciousness into 
dormancy so that the two other minds can be free to go about 
their psychological fusion, or...her mind is destroyed. In essence, 
killing her."

	Ayeka shook her head. "I know for certain that earthlings 
don't have the technology of psychological dormancy yet..."

	Washu nodded. "Exactly. Meaning whoever did this, created 
life, and is going to throw it away for no real reason. It is 
definitely, as I said, most concerning. Especially since Tomoe 
herself is actually a sweet natured child who deserves a chance at 
life, not to be a specimen and to have her mind destroyed. She isn't 
a simple landscape, she has an ego."

	Ayeka nodded, and thought about all the information on the 
little girl she had just received. There was a lot of it, and 
frankly, Ayeka didn't quite understand all of it...but the overall 
premise came across loud and clear. Whoever made Tomoe didn't 
exactly have the greatest intentions in mind when they did.

	Washu and Ayeka sat in silence for a few minutes. Washu was 
beginning to get worried for Ayeka, since she had basically said 
everything she knew about the little girl who was sleeping 
upstairs with Sasami. Now she was worried that Ayeka would slip 
back into her previous state of sadness.

	They sat for a while, and as Washu feared, Ayeka's 
expression of deep thought soon returned to one of sorrow. 
Washu felt that now would be an okay time to get her to start 
talking about her problems, but yet again, she didn't know where 
to begin. She felt like a student trying to teach a teacher...telling 
someone something they already knew.

	Washu glance out the window. It had stopped raining a few 
hours ago, and had turned into a fairly nice evening. Maybe she 
should take Ayeka outside, and talk about it there? The nice 
warm, mid summer night's breeze might help the poor girl.

	Washu stood up. "Hey, it's pretty nice outside. Wanna go 
for a walk?"

	Ayeka looked up at Washu. She was surprised, Washu was 
one of the last people she had expected to come in and try to 
help her. More than anything, she had expected Tenchi to come. In 
a way, she was glad he didn't. Her feelings were so broken...that if 
he did, she might have said some things that she would've regretted, 
and that couldn't have been undone. She smiled ever so slightly, and 
stood up.

	**********

	Ayeka and Washu had walked almost a whole lap around the lake 
at a slow pace, without saying a word to each other. Neither one 
knew what to say. They two of them seldom had spent time alone in 
the company of the other and neither one truly knew what the other 
was like. They were as confused, petulant children, fouled by their 
own integrity and pride into blindness.

	They eventually stopped after one lap, and sat down in a 
patch of moist grass, overlooking the lake in front of them. There 
was a small wind, sending the lake into silent ripples, which made 
the lake dance, ever so slightly. The moon reflected it's silver 
glow off the lake, shining on the faces of the two women.

	After a few minutes of sitting in silence, Washu finally 
spoke. "I hope...you're not mad at them, Ayeka."

	Ayeka sighed. She knew that this was the reason Washu came 
out here with her. "No...not really. I guess just a little 
frustrated, I suppose. I'm more hurt, than anything."

	Washu nodded. "I'm not exactly a master at the art of 
love...but I know that Tenchi looked long and hard at both of you, 
and he made the choice he felt was right. I know it hurts...especially 
since I bet you feel like you lost to Ryoko, right?"

	Ayeka nodded silently, while fighting back the urge to 
cry some more.

	Washu looked over at Ayeka. "Yeah...but...Tenchi was 
following his heart, as he always had. I mean, if he never 
said anything to Ryoko, it would be putting all three of you 
through unnecessary pain, right?"

	Ayeka smirked. "Oh, of course. So instead, I get to 
bare the pain for all three of us instead, correct?" She laughed 
lightly; not meaning it at all, then her face fell downcast, as 
she stared at her hands in her lap.

	Washu smiled sympathetically. "I know it doesn't seem 
fair...life isn't always fair, Ayeka. In fact, life is almost 
NEVER fair. But we have to make the best of what we've been given."

	Ayeka grunted to herself, ready to lash out at Washu with 
her ravaged feelings, but stopped when she realized that Washu 
was only trying to help her.

	Washu sighed. "I guess...look at it this way, Ayeka. The 
truth...is a funny thing. It can't be changed, no matter how much 
you want it to be. But the consequences of the truth can be changed 
simply on how you choose to view it."

	Ayeka looked over at Washu, slightly puzzled.

	Washu continued. "For me, I was imprisoned for seven 
hundred years in some stupid containment field. I mean, to most 
people, that would be hell. I mean, it has to be, because being 
all by yourself for that long can't be any fun, can it? Well, 
that's not how I looked at it. If I looked at it that way, I would 
have gone completely insane after one year."

	Ayeka suppressed a prepared comment about how Washu was 
already insane, and let her continue her meta-philosophical rant.

	"Well...I felt that way for a while. But...think about it. 
If you're told that something sucks, naturally, you're going to 
believe that it sucks. But...you don't HAVE to believe that, if 
you don't want to. I chose to decide that I could still keep my 
sanity within the containment field, because I didn't dwell on 
the fact I was stuck there. I decided simply to immerse myself 
in my thoughts on other things."

	Ayeka scowled slightly. "But how could that possibly help 
MY pain fade away, Washu?"

	Washu frowned slightly at the lack of her preferred address, 
and decided to let it pass. "What I'm trying to say is, you can 
still make the best for yourself with what you have. You can 
either sit here feeling terrible for yourself about how Tenchi 
and Ryoko are happy together, or you can decided to move on, 
and be happy with the things you've already been blessed with. 
All you have to do is DECIDE to do that. It's that simple, 
because that's how fragile the truth for anyone is."

	Ayeka sat in silence, contemplating what the little 
scientist was telling her.

	Washu lay back in the grass, getting her clothes a 
bit wet, but deciding to ignore it. "Besides, Tenchi still 
thinks of you as a very large part of his life. It would hurt 
him if you left or something. And...there are other people in 
the universe besides Tenchi, Ayeka. Tenchi isn't the only nice 
guy who'll treat you right. There are PLENTY of others. I know 
you probably don't want to believe that, but if you think about 
it rationally, it's the truth. Besides, if you said you loved Tenchi, 
don't you want him to be happy, even if it's not with you?"

	Ayeka was about to make a comeback to that, when the 
logic of it clicked. She did want Tenchi to be happy. More than 
anything, what she wanted, was for Tenchi to be happy. And Washu 
was right...there are other people besides Tenchi. But...it still 
hurt like hell, unfortunately.

	Ayeka sighed. "I guess you're right, Miss Washu. I do want 
Tenchi to be happy, and I'm glad he's found that happiness with 
Ryoko. As much as I hate to admit it...I know as much as anyone that 
Ryoko will treat Tenchi the way he deserves to be treated. And 
Tenchi will do the same to her. But..."

	Washu sat up and put a sympathetic hand on Ayeka's shoulder. 
"I know, Ayeka. It hurts. Trust me, I know. But, we're all here for 
you, too. Even Tenchi and Ryoko. They want you to be okay too, you 
know. But remember there are other things that can make you happy. 
All you have to do is to choose to acknowledge that they exist, and 
you'll see that it doesn't hurt nearly as much as you thought it would."

	Ayeka looked over at Washu, and smiled out of appreciation, 
and new found respect. They smiled gently at each other, and 
turned their gazes to the stars above.

	**********

	Solomon bolted upright in his bed, breathing heavily. He sat 
underneath the covers, wearing nothing more than a pair of boxer 
shorts. He was sweating profusely. He sat there, panting heavily 
in the darkness for almost five minutes by himself. He slowly 
turned his gaze to the empty spot in the bed next to him, as a 
small tear began to form within his eye.

	"I'm sorry, Kaoru...please forgive me. I'll be with you soon, I promise..."

TO BE CONTINUED

ENDING THEME
Manatsu No Eve: By Masato Nakamura

	The slope is lined with sunflowers
	Today we go our seperate ways

	Through an opening in children's voices
	I feel sad because I blamed you

	Without hesitation

	We fell in love
	When summer is over
	We will live seperately

	I don't want goodbye's anymore

	We can't wait until winter
	So Christmas Eve is just for the two of us

	Hot sunshine is illumination
	I don't care if it becomes painful love
	Hold me

	We talked at the beach all night long
	And laughed and pointed at our puffy eyes

	Together in the morning

	Every time we woke up
	Being alone in the room
	Frightened me

	I don't want goodbyes anymore

	The promised Eve
	Here and now

	The kiss of a sigh is celebration
	The meaning of the pain of a smile
	Hold me

	I don't want to change anything
	Don't break this speechless feeling
	Hold me

	I won't forget Midsummer Eve
	I won't forget you
	I won't forget Midsummer Eve
	I won't forget you
	I won't forget Midsummer Eve
	


Author's notes: Well, there it is, another chapter. I hope you liked 
it, cause it was fun to write. The next chapter should be out soon, 
so look for it. See ya round, kiddies. 

	Email to: bhoffer7@home.com

The_Entry_Plug
