Disclaimer: You've heard the story before. I don't own any of these characters, Pioneer does. 
So piss off and leave me alone. Actually, stay here and read this. That would be even better.

I should probably run over a few things before we get started. This entire story takes place 
within the "Tenchi Universe" spectrum. I personally enjoy the OVA the best, however I felt that 
for this story, the OVA characters fit the profile inadequately. So that's that, then. My hat 
goes off to anyone who actually enjoys this and respects the time I put in. And if you hate it, 
well that's fine too. Send me any comments you want, be it comment, flame or otherwise. Well, 
enough babblin'! On with the show!

	**********

STAINED HANDS
Prologue

	He wasn't exactly sure what was worse. The rain, the pain in his side, or the piece of 
paper in his jacket. All three of them were things that this man could do without...if he had a 
choice. Nothing was done by choice anymore. Everybody forces you to do everything. A black 
plague on this world is consuming up this so-called democracy we have, dictating to us exactly 
what we must do, and then fooling us into believing that we actually have a choice about it.

	He was breathing heavily as he trenched down the alleyway. Lightning flashed overhead, 
and startled him. He lost his balance, and fell sideways into the brick wall to his right. 
He coughed harshly into his hand, as the thunder clapped overhead. The rain soaked through the 
man's brown trench coat, and into his black suit. He rubbed his forehead as he leaned against 
the wall. So much for it being a safe operation. He pulled the dossier out of his jacket, and 
covered it with his arm as he read it in the dark.

	Regardless that his arm held fast overtop the document, rain still fell steadily onto 
it nonetheless. He put it back into his jacket when he realized it was too dark to read it, and 
he risked ruining it in the rain. He looked up, under his hat.

	"Only one more block to go..." he whispered, more out of fear than anything else. 

	He steadily made his way back down the narrow, deserted alleyway. All the while, he 
constantly checked over his shoulder, and looked about to see if he was being pursued. 
Fortunately for him, he spotted no such person. The thunder crashed again, as he clumsily 
stumbled down the alley. He looked around. There was not much lighting, but he was certain that 
this was the place.

	The flickering neon sign was above the green doorway that led inside from the alleyway. 
The man looked at the door, as if it were the gates of heaven, a refuge from the hell of the 
outside world. But, unfortunately, it was just as terrible inside as it was outside. He knew he 
was running out of time, and that was definitely the last thing that he needed. No more time.

	He knocked five times on the green doorway. He waited impatiently as he could hear the 
echo of footsteps within grow closer to the doorway. A harsh voice spoke from within.

	"Identify yourself."

	The man took a deep breath. "It's me. I have it."

	There was little hesitation before the deadbolts on the doorway could be heard as they 
were unlocked and restrained. After about 5 or 6 loud clicks and clangs, the doorway swung open. 
An older man, who wore long blue denim pants, a flannel white shirt covered by a red vest 
opened the door. His balding head shone from the reflection of the rain.

	"Quickly! Come inside!"

	The man did as he was instructed. He made haste within the doorway as it was shut behind 
him just as quickly. He leaned against the wall, breathing heavily. The old man wasted no time 
in re-locking the bolted door. The man eventually caught his breath, and took the document out 
of his coat and handed it to the older man. The man took it and walked off to a nearby doorway. 
He ushered with his hand for the man to follow him. The man took off his hat and limped in 
through the doorway.

	The man was led into a small office, lined with cheap pictures, a single dying plant; a 
desk covered with papers scattered in all directions, and a computer. The older man sat behind 
the desk and pointed to a chair in front of the desk. The man took a seat in the small, brown 
leather chair, which was ripped along the arms in various places. He rested his hat in his lap. 
His breathing was starting to return to normal. He glanced around the dimly lit room, and rubbed 
his right knee as he did so. Looking down, he noticed that it was bleeding. He smiled to 
himself. If only that were the least of his problems.

	The older man was quickly reading over the document in front of him. After several 
minutes of silent composition, he turned to his computer, and quickly typed in a few commands. 
A picture popped up on his monitor, and he glanced back at the document. He intook his breath 
as he fell back slowly into his chair, turning to look at the man.

	"Well?" The man inquired

	"It seems that it is indeed as we suspected." The old man frowned. "It seems that they 
are indeed after exactly what we foresaw."

	The man rubbed his temples with his right hand. "Shit..."

	The old man nodded in collective agreement. "We need to get this document to the 
police as soon as possible. Tonight, in fact."

	"Ha, assuming we're alive that long." The younger man joked.

	The older man scratched in between his eyes, removing his glasses. "Yes indeed. That is 
most certainly a probability. Not only do we need to get this to the police for their 
information, but also for our own protection."

	The younger man slowly rose from his chair. "Alright then, I'll take it right now. You 
bolt the door. Make sure that you don't use the phone...it's probably already been tapped."

	The older man rose with him and handed him the document. "Yes indeed. You must also be 
extremely careful." He handed him the document, which had been resealed in another folder. The 
man gingerly took, as if it were made of pure glass. He slid the document back into his trench 
coat. The older man opened a filing cabinet, and removed a small handgun. "You should take this 
as well."

	The man nodded, and took the gun from the man. He turned it over and examined it, to 
make sure the safety was off and it was fully loaded. Satisfied, he put the gun into his pocket. 
He put his hat back onto his head, and nodded at the old man.

	"Good luck." He said as he stepped out of the office. He opened all of the deadbolts, 
and then returned to the alleyway. The old man shut the door behind him, locking it once again. 
He pulled his trench coat around him tighter, and quickly examined his surroundings. Satisfied 
that he was alone in the alleyway, he began to run, despite his limp, down the alley. He must 
make it to the police station...not only for the sake of his life, but the sake of others, as 
well.

	As he limped down the alley, a glint of light appeared out of the shadows as he ran past.

END PROLOGUE

Well, I know there weren't any Tenchi characters, but hold your horses. This was only the 
prologue! Hell, there weren't even any names! So, check out the next chapter, will ya? Thanks 
for reading!
