Tenchi Muyo!: "Starlight Destiny"
by Michael Fitz-Gibbon

"He's mine!"
"No way would he care to be with someone like you!"
"Oh yeah, like you're so sweet."
"You hooligan! You're nothing but a---"
"Please, stop it, you two!"

	It was a day like any other day at the Masaki house. The space demon 
Ryoko and the princess Ayeka were arguing as usual. Now, while she was a demon, 
Ryoko appeared to be a beautiful young woman. Princess Ayeka was of the royal 
blood of the planet Jurai. She had the looks of a beautiful young woman also. 
And while both Ryoko and Ayeka were beautiful and vied for Tenchi's affection, 
Tenchi never chose between the two of them. This particular day, Ayeka's sister 
Sasami had stopped the quarreling before it could escalate ... or at least, for 
the time being.

"Sasami, shouldn't you be out helping Tenchi in the garden?" asked Ayeka.

"Tenchi said he should do the work himself," Sasami replied.

"That's Tenchi for ya," Ryoko commented.

"Yes, he's a gentleman," said Ayeka. "And he deserves a gentle woman."

Ryoko got angry. She grabbed Ayeka and raised her. "Just what are you 
implying?!?"

	Ayeka held her head up. "Oh nothing... just someone like Tenchi is 
better suited for someone like me than for some person that may remain 
nameless..."

Ryoko was infuriated. "You mean me, don't you?!? I should---"

	"Ha ha ha! If you wish to interpret it like that then feel free to!" Ayeka 
said, putting her hand in front of her mouth as she laughed.

"Why you---" Ryoko started.

"Ladies, please," said Tenchi's grandfather, Yosho, as he entered the living 
room.

	Ryoko released her grip on Ayeka, causing Ayeka to fall the ground.
Ryoko hurried over to Tenchi's grandfather.

	"Tell me, Yosho. do you think that Tenchi is better suited with me or with 
Ayeka? 
Huh? Well, whaddaya think?" asked Ryoko.

Ayeka got up and brushed herself off. "Yes, Lord Katsuhito, what do you think?"

Sasami sighed and shook her head. They'll never stop fighting, she thought. 

"Uh..." said Yosho, thinking.

I have to think of a way out of this, he thought. 

"Uh... Sasami, where's Tenchi?" he asked.

"He's in the garden getting carrots," said Sasami. "Ryo-ohki went 
with him. I think that---"

"Hey! No changing the subject!" objected Ryoko.

"Ryoko is right! We want your opinion!" 

So much for Plan A, thought Tenchi's grandfather.
 
"Come on! Answer already!" demanded Ryoko.

"Yes! Please answer, Yosho," said Ayeka. 

Yosho sighed. "I have things to do," he said, walking off.

"Aw, come on!" said Ryoko.

"Oh, don't bother," said Ayeka. "He's not going to tell us. Besides, he doesn't 
need to. I know he must think I'm perfect for Tenchi."

"Yeah right," said Ryoko. "I don't think so, Ayeka."

"Will you two knock it off?" said Washu, entering the room.

Washu, the self-proclaimed "number one genius in the universe" was poking 
a small electronic device she was holding with a screwdriver. 

"Can somebody help me test out my new invention?" asked Washu.  

"What kind of invention?" asked Sasami.

"It's a..." Washu started.

"Yeah?" said Sasami.


"It's a Dream Machine!" Washu announced. 

"Huh?!?" Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami said in unison.


Soon, Washu, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami where in Washu's laboratory. 
Washu stood next to a covered machine facing Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami. She 
yanked the sheet of her invention.

"Here it is!" exclaimed Washu.

There was a control panel and some wires that led to a 
energy tank and a flat bed-like surface that was raised at an angle. A helmet 
was 
on top of the surface. There were lights of different colors that lit up around 
the surface and around the invention. Washu walked over to a table and started 
typing on her "shadow computer". Then she walked back over to her invention.

"This is my Dream Machine," said Washu, with a smile. 

"Dream Machine? What's that?" asked Sasami.

"It is a marvel that I, Washu, the greatest genius in the 
universe have created!" said Washu. "It is a machine to record and generate 
the images of dreams!" 

"Reallllly... well, that could come in handy!" said Ryoko. "I can record 
my dreams about Tenchi and then show them to him! Then I'll have Tenchi for my 
own!"

"What?!? Ha ha ha ha ha! Do you think that Tenchi would be suade 
by your rotton dreams that are no doubt full of cruelty and depravity?" said 
Ayeka.

"What the hell are you talking about?!? Like he'd want to live with 
you in your stiff, rigid fantasy of boring Jurian royalty! Tenchi is meant for 
me 
and I am meant for him!" 

"Oh, just shut up, Ryoko! Washu, let me use this machine!" said Ayeka.

"No! Let me use it, Washu!" said Ryoko.

"Oh! Can I use it?" asked Sasami.

"No, none of you may use it! It's for my personal use only," said Washu.

Ryoko and Ayeka's face fell.

"Oh... why can't I use it?" asked Sasami.


"Sorry, Sasami, I'm sure you're intentions would be pure, but I can't just 
let anyone use it," replied Washu. "Sorry, kiddo."

"Oohhhh..." said Sasami, dissapointed.

"What?!? We can't use the machine?!?" said Ayeka.

"That's just great," said Ryoko. "Now Tenchi will never see my dreams about 
him."

"I don't think he'd want to, quite frankly," Ayeka commented.

"Shut up, Ayeka!" yelled Ryoko.

Ryoko, Ayeka,  and Sasami exited Washu's laboratory.

"Wait! You... didn't help me," said Washu.

Washu's "cheerleader puppets" hopped up on her shoulders.

"Don't worry, Washu!" yelled A.

"You're the best, Washu!" yelled B. 

"Washu! Washu! Washu!" said the two. 

"Yeah! I am a genuis! What do I need from a demon, and two princesses?" said 
Washu.

All of a sudden, most of her invention fell apart.

"Oh no!" said Washu.

"Uh..." said A.

"We gotta go!" said B.

The two "cheerleader puppets" hopped away. Washu shrugged.

"Oh well. Guess I need to get back to work..." said Washu.


	Tenchi Masaki was the user of the Tenchi Sword, a mystical 
Jurian weapon. He was a teenager who lived in the country with his father, 
grandfather, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki. He was working in the garden, 
harvesting carrots.

"Meow!" meowed Ryo-Ohki. "Meow! Meow!"

"Not now, Ryo-Ohki. Wait for dinner," said Tenchi. 

"Meow! Meow!" Ryo-Ohki said. "Meow!"

Tenchi wiped beads of sweat off his forehead and got back to work. 

"Meow,"  said Ryo-Ohki. 


Later, Tenchi, his father, his grandfather, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, 
and Washu sat at the table for dinner. Washu had been working all day and was
extra hungry. Tenchi stared across the table and saw that something seemed wrong
with Sasami. He wondered what was troubling her.

"Hey, Sasami, anything wrong?" asked Tenchi.

"I know what it is," said Ayeka. 

"So do I," said Ryoko. "She's upset that Washu won't let her use the 'Dream 
Machine'."

"'Dream Machine'?" said Tenchi. "What's that?"

Washu brightened up. "Why, it's my latest invention! "It is a machine 
to record and generate the images of dreams! It should be very helpful to my 
work."

"How so?" asked Tenchi. 

"Well, by tapping into my genius mind and bringing forward supressed 
and hidden ideas, that's how!" Washu explained. 

"Isn't that dangerous, though?" asked Tenchi. 

"Yeah, but then I am a genius, so I should be able to handle it quite well!" 
said Washu.

"Oh, so that's why you won't let any of us use it," said Sasami.

"That's right! Scientific genuises only!" said Washu.

"So, it might be dangerous? How?" asked Ayeka.

"My brain waves could be disrupted, patterns distorted, I may end up like 
a cooked potato...."said Washu. "But that won't happen."

"So, it's potentially fatal, is that what you're saying?" asked Ryoko.

"Yes!" said a now frustrated Washu. "Geez, do I have to repeat things?"

"If it's that dangerous, maybe you should let Ayeka use it," said Ryoko, 
smiling. 

"Shut up, Ryoko!" said Ayeka.

"Ha ha ha ha! Hey everyone, how do you like your Ayeka, original or extra 
crispy?"

"I said shut up!"

"Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Extra crispy! Ha ha ha!"

"You're not funny, Ryoko!"

"Now, now, there'll be no more of that," said Yosho. 

Ryoko and Ayeka sat calm in their seats.

"Sorry," said Ryoko and Ayeka.

By now, Washu was red with anger. "Can't you people get the picture?!? 
Nobody but me is allowed to use the 'Dream Machine!" she yelled, getting up from 
her seat. 

Washu stormed off.

"Washu!" Tenchi called out. "Come back!"

"Hey Washu, we were just kidding around!" said Ryoko.

Soon, Washu was out of view.

Angry, Ayeka turned to Ryoko.

"See what you've done, now?!? I hope you're happy, Ryoko!"

"Hey! It's not my fault the 'genuis' can't take a joke!"

"Washu seems a little stressed," Tenchi commented. "What could be wrong?"

"Maybe she's sick," said Sasami. 

"She ate all her food," said Noboyuki. "She seems to have a healthy appitite."

"I guess she's just a bit overworked," said Tenchi.

"Yes, that's probably it," said Yosho. 


	Washu relaxed in the hot springs, thinking about her invention 
and what it could mean. She had some doubts about it. She didn't want to end up 
frying her brain,  but had confidence in being able to avoid that. What she did 
worry about was how busy she would be with the machine, and whether she'd have 
time to do
anything else. Not that she ever really did anything but work, it made her 
happy, 
but was she alienating herself from the others? She shook off the thought. Her 
work
was what made her happy. The thought crept back, though. What else made her 
happy?
She sighed. With her experiments creating temporary disturbances and anomolies 
in  the space/time continuim, she was sure to attract bad elements sooner or 
later. She just hoped she'd be able to handle them.
   
This could end up being a big problem if I'm not careful, thought Washu.

Washu's "cheerleader puppets" popped up from the water. They wore little towels.

"What are you thinking about, Washu?" asked A.

"You're the great---- uh, yeah, what are you thinking about?" said B.

"Oh... nothing," Washu replied, staring at the sky. 


	In a throne room on a spaceship, a man was looking out the 
giant porthole window into space. He was tall, had gray and black-striped hair, 
broad shoulders, and a muscular tone. He wore his royal uniform. He stared out 
at the stars and sighed.

"Princess Ayeka... you'll have to tell me where the ring is," said the man.

The spaceship flew towards Earth.


	It was summer in Okayama. The temperature had reached 
the highest it had been in many years. Yosho was sweeping outside 
of the Masaki Shrine.

It really is a beautiful day today, thought Yosho.

All of a sudden, a man materialized in front of Yosho. The man had a 
black and white uniform. He held a broadsword. 

"You there! Where is the princess Ayeka?" said the man.

"Who are you?" asked Yosho.

"My name is Tollop. I am a loyal servent to my master," said the mysterious man.

"What do you want with Ayeka?" asked Yosho.

"That is none of your bussiness, old man!" said Tollop. "Where is Princess 
Ayeka?!?"

"Oh, I'm sorry. I can't tell you unless---" Yosho started.

Tollop punched Yosho hard in the stomach. Yosho doubled over.

"You're not going to get away with whatever you're planning," said Yosho.

"Shut up!" said Tollop, hitting Yosho with the hilt of his sword. 

Lord Katsuhito was out cold... seemingly.

Tollop looked towards the direction of the house. 

"Ayeka..."


	Back at the Masaki house, Tenchi was in Washu's lab. Washu was                 
working on her main computer. Tenchi approached her.

"Washu?" said Tenchi.

"Yes?" said Washu.

"Uh... where's Mayuka?" asked Tenchi.

"She's being taken care of by Mecha-Washu in the daycare area," Washu replied.

Tenchi looked around. "Where is that?"

"Through the demensional portal over by that wall," said Washu, pointing to the 
far side of the lab.

"Oh," said Tenchi. "How is she doing?" 

"Fine," said Washu. "Her growth rate is fast."

"Really? Amazing," said Tenchi.

"Not really," said Washu.

"Um... Washu?" said Tenchi.

"What?" asked Washu.

"Uh, how have you been doing?" asked Tenchi.

"Fine."

"Really?"

"Uh..."

"What?"

Washu turned to Tenchi. 

"Tenchi, you like me, don't you?" asked Washu.

"Yeah, of course I do, Washu," said Tenchi. "Why do you ask?"

"No reason," said Washu, turning back to her computer.


Elsewhere in the house, Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami watched television.
The show was some kind of a drama. Tenchi's father, Noboyuki read the paper.
There was a knock on the door.

"Who could that be?" said Ryoko. 

"Probably Kiyone and Mihoshi," said Ayeka.

"I'll get it!" said Sasami, leaping up from where she was sitting and running 
out of the family room to the front door. She opened the door.

	Tollop stood at the door. He held his broadsword in one of his hands. 
Sasami looked at him, surprised to see someone that she was not familiar with at 
the         door in the evening.

"Princess Sasami," said Tollop. 

"Huh? Who are you? How do you know my name?" asked Sasami.

"You are a princess of Jurai. Many know who you are," said Tollop. 

"Who are you?"

"My name is Tollop. I have come to request an audience with Princess Ayeka."

"Ayeka? What do you want with my sister?" 

"It is not for you to worry about, Princess Sasami. Where is Ayeka?"

"Sasami? Who is at the door?" asked Ayeka, coming to the door.

Ayeka saw Tollop and shrieked, "Sasami! Get away from the door!"

Sasami ran into the living room. Ryoko flew to the door.

"What's going on, Ayeka?" Ryoko asked.

"Princess Ayeka... come with me," said Tollop.

"Who... who are you?!?" said Ayeka.

"Yeah, and what are you doing here?! You better not be looking 
for trouble!" said Ryoko, her hand glowing with energy.

"Go away," Tollop told Ryoko. "I wish to speak to Ayeka."

"Oh, okay," said Ryoko, the light energy in her hand dissapearing. "Go on, 
Ayeka."

"What?!? Thanks a lot, Ryoko!" 

Ryoko flew back into the living room. "Have a nice chat, princess!" 

"Who are you?! What do you mean to do with that sword?!?" said Ayeka.

"Calm down, princess. I wish only to speak with you.
Actually, my master wishes to speak with you. I am sorry for alarming you.
I am Tollop.  I am here on behalf of my master, Lord Satuzama. He has something 
important he needs to ask you about," said Tollop.

Tenchi's father came to the door. "Hello, can I help you?" asked Nobuyuki.

"No," said Tollop, bringing his sword to Nobuyuki's face. "Go away."

"O-okay then," said Nobuyuki, running into the living room. 

"Go away! You are not welcomed here!" said Ayeka. "I'm not going anywhere!"

"Very well, if you will not come by choice..." said Tollop.

Tollop put his hand forward, releasing energy binds. Once Ayeka 
was restrained, Tollop released some energy from within him. A strange glow 
encircled the two of them. Ryoko and Sasami rushed to see what was going on.

"Ayeka!" yelled Sasami. 

Ryoko and Sasami ran to the two, but both Tollop and Ayeka dissapeared 
in a flash of light.

"Ayeka..."


On a spaceship in Earth's orbit, Satuzama sat on his throne. 

"Soon... the ring will be mine!"



	Soon, Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi were in front 
of the Masaki Shrine. They sat around Yosho, who stared at the sky. Tenchi, 
Washu, Kiyone, and Mihoshi had been told what happened to Ayeka, and Tenchi 
decided they should get some advice from his grandfather on what to do. They 
were surprised to learn that Lord Katsuhito had encountered Tollop, and knew 
about why he took the princess.                 

"So, you say that you know what happened, grandpa?" asked Tenchi.

Yosho nodded. "Yes, Tenchi. He is looking for the Ring of Destiny," he said.

"Who are you talking about? What ring?" asked Tenchi.

"Tollop is working for a man that is looking for the Ring of Destiny," said 
Yosho.

"What's the Ring of Destiny?" asked Sasami.

"A ring that is said to be very powerful," replied Yosho. "If the one who 
is looking for it finds it, some very bad things may happen."


In his throne room, Satuzama waited. He waited for Tollop to return                               
with Princess Ayeka. He waited to question her about an item from Jurai that he 
had been looking for. He waited to be able to wear the ring that he had been 
searching 
the universe for. He would wait more, but not for too much longer. If the 
princess failed to cooperate, he was prepared to take drastic measures. Satuzama 
waited. And then the door opened. 

"Lord Satuzama, I have succeded." said Tollop as he stepped in the room with 
Ayeka. 

"Princess Ayeka..."


Back on Earth, Tenchi and the others were eager to learn about 
the Ring of Destiny from Yosho. 

"Tell us about the ring, grandfather," said Tenchi.

	"A long time ago on Jurai, a princess and a rogue alien warrior                                    
fell in love. The warrior had been part of a gang once, and had done some 
questionable things, even some very bad things, but he changed his ways when 
he fell in love with the princess. However, the Jurain king did not approve of 
their relationship."

"How horrible," said Mihoshi..

	"Yes, it was the cause of many problems for the two. Still, they felt
that they were destined to be together, and that their love could endure 
anything.
The king's new advisor, someone from a far away planet, had been giving the king            
false information about the warrior in order to break the two apart," said 
Yosho.

"Why would the advisor do that?" asked Sasami.

"Sounds like that advisor had an agenda," said Kiyone.

"Yes, well, he did have an agenda," said Yosho.

"What was it?" asked Ryoko. 

"I'll get to that soon enough. Anyway, the king's advisor had 
convinced the king that warrior was plotting to kill the princess and challenge 
him for the throne  of Jurai. The king had the warrior thrown into prison," said 
Yosho. "Every night, the princess and the warrior would cry to the stars, hoping 
that they would
be together again"

"How sad," said Sasami.

"Yeah," said Mihoshi.

	


"The advisor was really the leader of the group that the warrior was                                       
once a part of. He was ambitous, and seeked ultimate power. He had planned to                
drain all the Jurian power from the princess with dark magic, as she was an 
easier target than the king. With the princess's power added to his, he could 
easily kill the king and take the throne. He had brought the warrior to the 
planet to distract the princess, but when he found out they fell in love, he 
became furious. With the warrior out of the way,                   he could 
proceed with his plans," said Yosho.

"If anyone could drain Jurain power, wouldn't that mean the death 
of their victim?" asked Kiyone.

"Yes," replied Yosho.

"Oh no! What happened?" said Mihoshi.

	"Two knights, gaurdians of the king, uncovered the advisor's plot.          
Instead of spending days of explaining to the king, they broke the warrior out 
of                               his prison cell. Then they went to confront the 
advisor," Yosho continued. "When they               found the advisor, he was in 
the middle of draining the Jurian power from the princess.
The warrior and the advisor battled. The king came in during the fight, seeing 
that he had been tricked. He tried to stop the fight, but the warrior told him 
he was fighting for love."

"How romantic," said Mihoshi.

"The warrior fought hard, but he was no match for his former leader.
The advisor struck him down." said Yosho. 
                
"How sad," said Sasami.

"What happened then?" asked Tenchi.

"Yeah, what happened?" asked Ryoko.

	"As the warrior lay dying, the love from him and the princess                             
joined and created a powerful magical ring. The power of the ring overwhelmed
the advisor, rendering him unconsious. The warrior died, but his love and the 
love
of the princess lived on. The ring was passed down to generations of Jurian 
royalty 
until it was lost," said Yosho. 

"What does this have to do with the guy who took Ayeka?" asked Tenchi.

	"The advisor was exiled into space. He became obsessed with 
possesing the ring and the power that it held, magic which he could use 
to achieve his goal of ultimate power," said Yosho. "The ring was called
the Ring of Destiny. The exiled criminal's name... was Satuzama. 
Tollop is one of his lackies."

"So, Satazama thinks that Ayeka might know where the ring is, even though it 
was lost awhile ago?" asked Tenchi.

Yosho nodded his head.


On his spaceship, Satuzama and Ayeka were in the throne room. 
Satuzama had asked his first question. Princess Ayeka had been asked about 
whether            she had been told the legend of the Ring of Destiny. She had 
told him that she had when                she was a small child. Satuzama was 
ready to ask her another question, but Ayeka was getting angry that she was 
mishandled.

"So, princess, do you happen to know who the last person who had 
the ring was?" asked Satuzama.

"I'm not answering any more questions until you apologize for treating 
me with disrespect," said Ayeka. "I am a princess."

"Answer the question!" shouted Satuzama. 

"I believe it was my great aunt," said Ayeka. "But she had lost it."

"Really? Well, that's quiet a shame, such a great treasure lost," said Satuzama.

"Excuse me, Satuzama, but is there any reason why you are asking me questions 
about the ring?" asked Ayeka. 

"The legend is true. About the ring having great power, 
I mean," said Satuzama. "But then, you should know that already, Princess Ayeka. 
You believe in the legend, don't you?"

"I... I don't know, really. It seems like a nice story, but---"

"Fool! It is not just a story!"

"I... I'm sorry to offend you, sir, but really, what is the purpose for these 
questions?"

Ayeka wasn't really sorry if she offended him. He seemed crazy to her.

"I have another question to ask you, Princess Ayeka," said Satuzama.

"What is it?"



"Where is the ring?"

"I don't know."

	Satuzama tried to look as if he wasn't infuriated at the reply, but Ayeka              
knew he was angry. She didn't want to be involved with such a person as the man 
before her. She wanted badly to go home. However, Satuzama had different plans 
for her.
He had been searching for so long. Now he had gotten a chance: the crown 
princess         of Jurai, someone who contreversy has surrounded, who no doubt 
held many 
Jurain secrets, had been spotted living on Earth. Now she had told him that she 
did not know where the object of his obsession was. He did not believe her.

"Tollop! Take her to a holding cell," said Satuzama.

Tollop, who had been at the door, materialized near Ayeka and grabbed her.

"Wait! No! I answered your questions, now let me go!" Ayeka protested.

"Shut up!" growled Tollop, as he carried her out of the room.

The door closed. Satuzama walked over to his throne and sat down.
Many thoughts raced through his mind. Mostly, though, the thought of revenge 
came          to the front. This is because he knew that the gaurdians who had 
uncovered his plot so many years ago where on Jurai at the very moment. His 
objectives were clear: he would extract the information he needed from Ayeka and 
her friends, and then he would to Jurai          and get revenge. But he would 
need the ring to get the revenge he really wanted. Once he had the ring, he 
would finally achieve his true objective.


Back on Earth, Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Washu, and Ryo-Ohki were in Washu's lab. Washu was typing away on her main 
computer, while the others stood by. Something caught Mihoshi's eye. It was 
Washu's new invention, the "Dream Machine".

"Hey! What's that?" asked Mihoshi, pointing to the "Dream Machine".

Washu looked over to where Mihoshi was pointing.

"That's my Dream Machine. Don't touch it, it's dangerous," Washu said.

"Oh, okay,"said Mihoshi.

"Anyway, it looks as though that Tollop brought Ayeka to a spaceship 
that is currently in Earth's orbit," said Washu.

"How do you know that?" asked Kiyone.

"I took energy trace samples from where Ayeka and Tollop dissapeared," replied 
Washu.

"So, you mean they teleported to a spacehip?" said Tenchi.

"Um hm. That's right," said Washu, nodding. 

"Well, then we'll have to use Ryo-Ohki to go and rescue Ayeka," said Kiyone. 
"Yagami needs too many repairs to use it now."

"Why bother?" said Ryoko. "We're better off without Ayeka."

"Ryoko! Don't say that!" said Tenchi.

Ryoko flew over to Tenchi and held him closely.

"Tenchi, now you and me can be together forever and ever..."

"Stop it, Ryoko!" said Tenchi, pushing Ryoko away. 

"Oh Tenchi, don't you like me?" 

"Ryoko, we have to rescue Ayeka!'

"Why would you want to?" 

"Because she is a part of this family as much as you are!"

"Oh please..."

"Ryoko, we can't leave without you. We need your help. Please... help us."

"Ryoko, please help us," said Sasami, her eyes watering.

Ryoko stared into Sasami's eyes and knew that she had to help.

"Fine, I'll help," said Ryoko.

"Thank you, Ryoko," said Sasami.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko and smiled.

"Whatever," said Ryoko. "Come on, Ryo-Ohki."

"Meow!" said Ryo-Ohki.


	Back on Satuzama's spaceship, Orozumo waited for word from Tollop. 
He paced back and forth in the control room of the ship. Subordinates stared 
while
he did this, which he did not notice. If he had, he would have probably killed a 
few 
of them. But his mind was on something other than those who ranked lower than 
he.
His mind was on the fact that his master had been searching for the Ring of 
Destiny for decades and had not found it yet. He would not dare suggest that his 
master quit looking, but it seemed like a pointless search in a way. 

Satuzama-sama arleady has great power, why would he need 
any more? thought Orozumo. 

Just then, the door opened and Tollop stepped in.

"Orozumo! Set course for Jurai!" ordered Tollop. 

"Yes, Tollop!" said Orozumo.

"Well, what are you fools waiting for?!?" Orozumo yelled to the subordinates.

The workers typed away on the control computers.

"The course has been changed, Captain Orozumo," said one of the pilots.

"Good," said Orozumo, turning to Tollop. "Does Lord Satuzama know 
now where the ring is?"

"No, not yet," said Tollop. 

"Why are we going to Jurai, then?" 

"For a visit to the Jurai royal palace," replied Tollop

"Why? I thought that---"

Tollop rushed over to Orozumo, took out his sword, and put it to the captain's 
throat.

"We are not to question Satuzama," said Tollop.

"I pledge my loyalty to Satuzama, but he is acting very strange," said Orozumo.

"Shut up! Do you want to die?"

"N-no! I just---"

"Just shut up!"

Orozumo nodded. Tollop put away his sword and walked out of the room. 

"Fool," said Orozumo. "He would follow a chance at power to Hell. 
All he wants is to be the general of an army. He believes that he will be a 
great 
leader in the kingdom Satuzama-sama will build once he has the ring. He cares 
more about that then he does about the well-being of Satuzama-sama."


On Ryo-Ohki, Ryoko piloted while Tenchi, Sasami, Kiyone,                                
Mihoshi, Washu, and Yosho stood by. 

"This might be more difficult than we originally thought," said Ryoko.

"Why's that?" asked Mihoshi.

"Well, because the ship seems to be changing it's course," said Ryoko.

"Oh no! Where do you think they're going?" asked Sasami.

"Well, I could find out," said Washu.

"Really?" said Sasami.

Washu nodded. "Uh huh. After all, I'm the greatest genius ever!"

Washu's "cheerleader puppets" popped up.

"You're the best Washu!" cheered A.

"You're a genius, Washu!" cheered B. 

"Yeah, I know," said Washu. 

"Washu! Washu! Washu!" shouted A and B.

"Washu, how will you be able to tell where the ship is going?" asked Sasami.

"I'll just hack into their computer," said Washu. "But why bother doing that 
when we can just board the ship?"

"Huh? What do you mean?" asked Mihoshi.

"Well, if we can get close enough, we can use a portal," said Washu.

"How will we get close enough and not be detected?" asked Kiyone.

"Hmm..." said Washu, thinking. "Wait a minute! I have a cloaking device!"

"And you carry it with you?" said Tenchi.

"Yes. It's a feature on my computer. I carry the adapter as well," said Washu.

"Great! Let's use it," said Tenchi.

Soon, Ryo-Ohki was cloaked, and continued towards Satuzama's ship. 


On his ship, Satuzama sat in the throne room.  He smirked. 

"Looks like we have company..."



"Ryo-ohki will fire a projection portal," said Washu. "Then once we 
are all inside, she can switch back to normal. Ryoko, you will teleport us all 
out 
of Ryo-Ohki and into the ship. But this has to be done right or we'll all die, 
got it?"

"Right!" said Ryoko. 

Soon, a portal was projected in front of Ryo-Ohki.

"Now!" shouted Washu.

"Meow!" shouted Ryo-Ohki.


	In his throne room, Satuzama approached a small pillar with a 
vase on it. In the vase there were exotic alien flowers. He picked one up and 
put
it up near his nose. He smelled the flower and sighed. Then he crushed it with 
his hand.

"I bet they've come to confront an evil man," said Satuzama, 
"but I am not evil. I am ambitous. Is a man that is ambitous an evil man?"

Satuzama's eyes glowed. Beams shot from his eyes, destroying the vase.

"If they think that they can stop me, they are wrong."

Tollop appeared near the door.

"Should we destroy them right away, Lord Satuzama?" asked Tollop.



"No," said Satuzama. "Bring them to me."

"Yes, my lord," said Tollop, dissapearing in a strange mist.


Elsewhere, Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Sasami, 
and Ryo-Ohki stepped out of a portal into a corridor. The portal closed. 
Tenchi looked down one end of the passageway and then looked the other way. 
Then he turned to the others. Washu took out a strange electronic device that 
looked 
a bit like a metal detector. 

"This should tell us which way to go," said Washu.

"What?" said Tenchi. "How?"

"The same information that I got from the energy traces I took at 
the house is still in this tracing device. I switched the tracker on, and now we 
can track down Ayeka," said Washu. 

"Great!" said Tenchi. 

"Of course, it's my idea, and I am a genius," said Washu.

Ohhh... what an inflated ego, thought Tenchi.

Washu put her invention into the air. A beep sounded and a small screen 
switched on. A small arrow pointed right.Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki turned right and headed down the corridor.

"Do you really think we'll be able to find Ayeka with that device?" asked 
Sasami.

"Of course. I made it," said Washu.

"We need to hurry if we're to get Ayeka and leave without notice," said Kiyone.

"Yeah," said Tenchi. "Come on, let's hurry."

In a holding cell, Ayeka sat, sulking. She had been taken prisoner                           
by a madman. Thoughts of Tenchi, Sasami, and Earth brought tears to her eyes.
She sighed.

What does Satuzama want from me?, she thought. I told him I don't know 
where the ring is. What more can he want? Am I a hostage now that he can use to 
gain wealth from? 



Tears ran down Ayeka's cheeks as she buried her face in her hands. 

"What does he want from me?"


	Meanwhile, Tenchi and the others where wandering down a corridor, 
looking for signs of where Ayeka might be. Washu waved her device around, 
trying to find traces of Ayeka's energy. The device had been leading them down
different paths, but so far they hadn't a clue where to actually find Ayeka.
Then they came upon a sign where the corridor split into three paths.

The sign read: HOLDING CELLS   	

It had an arrow pointing right.

Underneath this read: ENGINE ROOMS A-N

It had an arrow pointing left.

The sign also had on it: MAIN CONTROL ROOM 

The sign pointed up, meaning the control room was ahead.

"So, where do we go?" asked Sasami.

"We should go to the holding cells," said Yosho. "That's probably where Ayeka 
is."

"Well," said Washu, pointing her device to the path on the right, "there's only 
one way to find out."

The device beeped. On the small screen an arrow pointed in the direction 
of the path on the right.

"Yep, she's most likely there," said Washu. 

"Great! Let's get her and leave," said Tenchi.

Something didn't seem right to Yosho.

This is all too easy...it must be a trap, he thought. But he was willing to play 
into it. 

The group headed down the path to the holding cells.

"Everyone, we must be careful," said Yosho.

Ayeka, in her cell, was waiting for someone to rescue her.

"Somebody has to come," said Ayeka. 

Ayeka stood up.

"Yes! Tenchi will come to save me!  I just know it!"


Oruzumo sat in a chair in his quarters. He held a picture frame 
with a picture of him in it. He stared at the picture. The picture was of him as 
a child. In the picture, he was enjoying a culean, a fruit that only grew on the 
planet Iol. He stared at his picture, at the smiling child that he was. He 
remembered only portions 
of his childhood, something which he attributed to his working for Satuzama. He 
had 
lost part of his memory. But that had not mattered. Satuzama was his life now. 
However, he had lingering doubts that haunted him. Was what he was doing right? 
He tried shaking off these thoughts. Satuzama was a magnificant person to him. 
He had taken him in as a undisiplined young man and molded him into a soldier, a 
captain of 
his flagship, the Gaizu. He didn't want any more power. He felt no need for it. 
He cared deeply for his master, who had taught him many things. There still 
remained some doubts in his mind though, which he had thought where terrible. He 
had said earlier that Tollop 
did not care about Satuzama at all, but wanted power. Was there something that 
he wanted? What else could he possibly want? He put the picture down on a table. 

Oruzumo stared at the picture and frowned.

"Who am I?"


	In his throne room, Satuzama sat, waiting for Tollop to bring                                
Princess Ayeka's friends to him. This was possibly his ticket to the ring. 
Ayeka would have to tell him where the ring was if her friends were at stake. 
From what he had been told, she was just the kind of person who cared fiercely 
about her friends and would do nothing to cause them pain... well, the possible 
exception was Ryoko, who Satuzama had learned Ayeka didn't get along 
very well with. Nonetheless, they were still friends in a way, so Ayeka's                       
would-be rescuers would come in handy. Satuzama smiled, something which 
he rarely did. If Tollop were there, it would have caught him offgaurd.

"Ayeka will tell me where the ring is, if she is wise," Satuzama told himself.


Ayeka sulked in her cell. She wondered how long it would take for 
Tenchi to come and rescue her. She remembered the time that she was being 
held by Kagato. Tenchi came to save her then, and he defeated Kagato. She was 
cleared of all charges brought upon her by the false king. Tenchi told Ayeka 
that
he couldn't stay on Jurai, and that he wanted to go back to Earth. And he did go 
back.


"Oh, Tenchi, I wish you had stayed with me," said Ayeka.

"But then he wouldn't be with me," said Ryoko, appearing near the cell.

"Ryoko!" shouted Ayeka, running to the cell's laser field.

Tenchi, Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ryo-Ohki, and Yosho ran up behind Ryoko.

"Tenchi!" shouted Ayeka. "You've come to rescue me!"

"Hey! We all came to save you!" yelled Ryoko.

"Oh, yes, and thanks is in order," said Ayeka.

"That's right," said Ryoko.

"Thank you, Tenchi, Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ryo-Ohki, and Lord 
Katsuhito."

Ryoko fell over. She got up and yelled, "Hey! What about me?!?"

"What about you?"

"Well, aren't you going to thank me?"

"What for? Tenchi probably had to drag you here kicking and screaming."

"What?!? Why you...! I'm insulted that you would even suggest such a thing!"

Tenchi rolled his eyes.

"That's not what happened, is it Tenchi? Tell her!"

"Uh... we should really hurry..."

"How are you going to get me out of here?" asked Ayeka.

"Uh... gee... I really don't know," said Tenchi.

Washu pointed to a control panel.

"There's the controls," said Washu.   

"Oh," said Tenchi. "Heh heh!"

"Well, come on! Release her, already!" said Ryoko.

"Yes, we must hurry," said Yosho.

Tenchi presses a button on the control panel and the laser field dissapated. 
Ayeka ran out of her cell.

"It won't be long before they figure out she's gone," said Washu. "We'd better 
hurry."

Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Ryo-Ohki, and Yosho ran down the hall.

"Pick up the pace everyone!" said Tenchi. "We've got to get going!"
 
	
	Back at the Masaki house, Nobuyuki was busy reading manga novels.
Azaka and Kamidake (the wooden gaurdians) floated into the room. They looked                           
around and then looked toward Nobuyuki. 

"Nobuyuki," said Azaka. "Where is everybody?"

"They went to space. Ayeka was kidnapped by some guy," said Nobuyuki.

"What?!?" said Azaka and Kamidake. 
 
	
Azaka and Kamidake were giant robotic guardians that resembled                           
two large wooden logs. Programmed in them was the essence of the two knights
Azaka and Kamidake, who resided on Jurai. It was the guardians' job to protect 
Princess Ayeka from harm. 

"Ahhh! We were just so busy watching cooking shows, we didn't notice 
what was going on around here!" said Kamidake.

"We failed the princess," Azaka lamented.

Nobuyuki put down his comic. "Oh, don't worry. Tenchi will save Ayeka."

"Yes, but..." Azaka said.

"...we still failed to protect her," said Kamidake. 

"Oh, don't feel so bad," said Nobuyuki. He looked at his watch. 
"Oh! My show is on! I'd better not miss a second!"

Nobuyuki ran into the living room.

"Nobuyuki! Tell us what happened!" said Azaka.

"Nobuyuki! Come back here!" shouted Kamidake.

The guardians floated into the living room. 


	Soon, Tenchi and the others were in a hanger. There were a few ships                                     
in the hanger, but that was all. They were the only ones there... or so they 
thought.
They hurried down the steps. 

"Great, now we can have Ryo-Ohki turn into a spaceship again," said Washu.

"Ready, Ryo-Ohki?" asked Sasami. 

"Meow!" said Ryo-Ohki, nodding.

"Meow!" yelled Ryo-Ohki, jumping into the air.

	Before Ryo-Ohki could take shape, she was zapped. Ryo-Ohki fell,
hitting the floor of the hanger hard.     

"Ryo-Ohki!" yelled Sasami, running over to Ryo-Ohki.

"Meow," said Ryo-Ohki, faintly. 

"You can't escape!" yelled Tollop. 

Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Yosho
turned around. Tollop stood, holding a laser pistol. Behind him, soldiers aimed 
laser cannons at them. Soldiers started formation around the group. They were 
soon sorrounded.

"Great...what now?" said Ryoko.

"You are all now prisoners of Lord Satuzama," said Tollop, smirking.


Soon, they all stood before Satuzama. Satuzama sat on his throne.
Tenchi stared into his eyes, which seemed cold. To Tenchi, Satuzama was 
nothing more than an obsessed overlord. Sasami stayed close to her sister, 
holding the hurt Ryo-Ohki.Tenchi looked over and saw Sasami hold the 
unconscious cabbit.

	

Satuzama sat, looking over the group. He was sure now that he 
would soon have the ring. It was only a matter of time, and his patience 
had been wearing thin. He glared at Ayeka, who seemed not to not notice. 
Ayeka was kind of frozen. Ryoko had an indifferent look on her. Tenchi saw 
this and assumed she had a plan, and searched her face to see if she had the 
signs 
of someone who was hatching a plan. She didn't. Tenchi looked over to his 
grandfather. Yosho stood with a serious look, not making any sound.Then Tenchi 
looked over 
to Washu, who seemed a bit worried. The same look was on Kiyone's face. Mihoshi 
was frozen in fear, unlike Ayeka who just seemed like she didn't have much to 
say or do. Mihoshi looked like she might cry at any given moment, but then she 
was prone to that. Mihoshi was a very emotional person. Satuzama finally stood 
and walked over to 
the group. He looked at Ayeka and smirked.

"Thought you could get away, did you? How foolish."

Satuzama walked over to a window and looked out into space.

"Let us go," said Tenchi, with contempt in his voice. 

The contempt was a cover. He was afraid.  He didn't know whether or not he 
should be.

Satuzama turned his head and looked at Tenchi. "I'm afraid I can't do that just 
yet."

He directed his attention back to space, peering out of the 
large porthole-like window. He was going to get the ring for sure in his mind.
Actually, in his mind, it was as if he already had it. But he didn't. Not yet, 
anyway.
He turned around and walked over to the group, focusing on Tenchi. 

"Tenchi Masaki..."

"Huh? You know who I am? How?"

"I know about you and your 'family', Tenchi," Satuzama replied. "Yet you know 
nothing about me."

"You want to bet on that?"          

"What do you know about me?"

"I know you're a psychopath obsessed with finding a magic ring."

"I am not a psychopath! And... how do you know of the ring?"

"My grandfather told me."

Satuzama looked over to Yosho. "The old man?"

"He's not just an old man. He is Yo---" 

"Not now, Tenchi," Yosho interrupted.

"Oh, who cares. No doubt you heard the Jurian's version of 
the tale," said Satuzama. "It has inaccuracies and omissions. Yes, the Jurains
failed to realize what really went on. They are not as smart as they are made 
out 
to be."

Satuzama looked over to Ayeka. "Princess Ayeka is proof of that."

Ayeka was infuriated by this comment. She became red.

"You raving lunatic! How dare you---" she started.

"Shut up!" shouted Satuzama, shooting energy binds from his hands.

The binds held tight around Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu, 
Kiyone, Mihoshi, Yosho, and Ryo-Ohki (who was in the same binds as Sasami).
They were lifted off the floor of the throne room.

"Now... about the ring..."



"I told you, Satuzama! I do not know where it is! How could I?" said Ayeka.

"Are you telling me that with the knowledge you possess about Jurai... 
it's history and legends, you do not know where the Ring of Destiny is? I find 
that                         very hard to believe, Ayeka."

"Well, I'm telling the truth!"

"Enough! It doesn't matter whether you personally give me the information 
on the ring's wherabouts, because when we reach our destination, I will find a 
way to                        extract the information from another source. I 
could've tried it before, but this is a much                more convincing 
way."

"What are you talking about? Where is this ship headed?" 

"It's headed for Jurai, Ayeka," said Washu.

"Jurai?! No! Satuzama, leave my people out of this!" yelled Ayeka. 
"They have nothing to do with this!"

"Your people have everything to do with this, princess. If you care so much 
about them, you'd tell me where the ring is," said Satuzama.

"But... I... can't tell you, because I don't know where it is!"

"If you insist on being that way, maybe I'll just destroy Jurai. It would be 
easy."

"No! You can't!"

"Yes, I indeed can, Ayeka."

"You are a fool, Satuzama," said Lord Katsuhito. 

"What did you say, old man?!"

"You heard me. You are a fool. Can't you tell Ayeka doesn't have 
the information you're looking for? Or are you so obsessed with finding that 
ring 
you've let it become the bane of your existence? You seem to have made it your 
flaw.                   How do you expect to think clearly with such a clouded 
mind?"

"How dare you, you stupid old fool!" yelled Tollop, raising his sword.

"Tollop! Stand down! I need no help from you!" said Satuzama.

"Yes, Lord Satuzama," said Tollop, stepping back.

Satuzama wondered about Lord Katsuhito. He didn't seem like 
a normal Earthling. Satuzama could sense power in him. The power of Jurai.
Satuzama was intrigued by this. Perhaps the old man could come of use to him.            
However, there was something that needed to be done that was neccasary in 
getting                   any information out of the old man, or anyone.

"All right. I've been too kind, I can see. Yes. Now I'll have to deploy                                      
some tactics for extracting information," Satuzama said.

"Huh? What does he mean by that?" Ayeka asked, turning to Tenchi.

"I think he means torture," replied Tenchi.

"Oh."
"TORTURE?!?" said Tenchi and his "family".

"Yes, of course! What did you expect, morons?!" yelled Satuzama.

"Uh... a polite aplogy followed by returning us home?" said Tenchi.

"Ha! Foolish boy!" 

"Torturing us will do no good, you fool!" exclaimed Lord Katsuhito.

"And why is that?" 

"Because you will still not get the information you seek."

"We'll see."

Yosho was nervous. This is a tight spot, he thought.

"Tell me, Tollop," said Satuzama, turning to his general. "Who should be first?"

"I'd have to go with the old man," said Tollop. "He annoys me."

"The old man, eh? Hmm..." said Satuzama, looking over to Yosho.

Yosho remained calm. "I don't care. Torture me all you want," he said.

"I believe I will," said Satuzama. 

	Satuzama lifted his hand up toward the direction of Yosho. His hand lit up 
with energy. Electricity jumped around. Yosho remained calm. 

"No! Don't hurt my grandfather! Hurt me instead!" yelled Tenchi.

Satuzama looked over at Tenchi. 

"How noble of you."

"Tenchi..." said Yosho, with caution in his voice.

"So, Tenchi, you wish to be tortured instead of the old man?" asked Satuzama.

"Do what you will. Just... leave my grandfather and the others out of this."

Satuzama approached where Tenchi was floating.

"Tenchi!" exclaimed Ryoko. "No!"

"Tenchi!" shouted Ayeka.

"Satuzama! You monster!" yelled Ryoko. "Torture me instead!"

"Ha ha ha! How brave! Stupid, though! I'll kill you all if I have to! 
Does it really matter who goes first?"

Satuzama turned to where Ryoko was and shot out a blast at her. She screamed in 
pain.

"Do what you wish, Satuzama," said Ryoko, recovering. "Just don't harm Tenchi!"

"Ha ha ha! Fool!" yelled Satuzama, shooting electricity at Ryoko.

"No! Ryoko!" shouted Tenchi. 

"Ryoko!" shouted Sasami.

"Satuzama! Leave her alone!" yelled Kiyone. 

The light energy dissapeared from Satuzama's hands. He walked over to Kiyone.

"What is it that you will do if I don't, detective?" 

"I'll... I'll arrest you!"

"Really..." said Satuzama, making it look like he was thinking about what she 
said.

"That's right!"

"Ha! You are in no position to arrest me, you stupid---"

"Hey! Don't talk like that to Kiyone! She's not stupid!" yelled Mihoshi.

"Mihoshi! Stay out of this!" said Kiyone.

"Quiet, both of you!" yelled Satuzama. 

"Why don't you make us?!" yelled Kiyone.

Satuzama smacked Kiyone hard. Blood came from her mouth. 
Satuzama smirked and walked over to Tollop. Tenchi was infuriated. He looked 
over                                   to Satuzama.

"You---"

"No, Tenchi. Don't start with him," said Yosho, calm, but worried.

"Hey! You listen here, Satuzama! If you think that you can 
just hold the greatest scientific mind in the universe captive, you've got 
another thing coming!" said Washu. 

"You hurt Kiyone! You hurt her! You're mean!" said Mihoshi, starting to cry.

"Stop hurting us!" shouted Sasami.

Ryo-Ohki snarled and hissed.

"Shut up! All of you!" Satuzama yelled.

"Kiyone, are you all right?" asked Ayeka.

"I'll be fine," said Kiyone. 

Satuzama turned toward the group. "Who's next?" he inquired.

"You awful man! How dare you!" yelled Ayeka.

"Tell me where the ring is!"

"I don't know where it is! I told you that alrea---"

Ayeka's body filled with electicity as Satuzama fired bolts at her. She cringed 
and then and screamed, not being able to take the pain.

"Stop it! Why are you doing this to us?!?" yelled Tenchi.

"I am doing this so that I may bring a new beginning to this dismal universe.
Don't you think that would be a good thing?" said Satuzama, with passion. "A new 
start."

"The universe doesn't need any new beginning from the likes of you!" yelled 
Ryoko.

"Silience, space pirate!" yelled Satuzama, firing a beam at Ryoko. 

As Ryoko screamed, the beam spread dark energy into her body and shocked 
her into submission. Tenchi was furious. What could he do?

"You're mean!" said Sasami.

Ryo-Ohki snarled and hissed.

"What does that beast think it's going to do to me?" inquired Satuzama. 
"It's much too weak to be up against even the lowest and weakest of my 
soldiers."


"It may not be full of strength, but Ryo-Ohki is full of spirit," said Lord 
Katsuhito.

"Is that so? Hmm..."

Satuzama opened his hand and closed it. The binds around Sasami 
and Ryo-Ohki dissapeared and they fell to the floor. Sasami rubbed her head. 
Ryo-Ohki hissed and meowed angrily at Satuzama.

"Heh. We'll see just how much spirit that ship has," said Satuzama.

Satuzama put his hands forward and out, sending electricity into Ryo-Ohki. 

"No! Ryo-Ohki!" shouted Sasami.

Ryo-Ohki let out a wail. Satuzama continued to fire electricity. Ryo-Ohki was 
lifted by the charges and thrown off a few feet.  Sasami caught her.

"Ryo-Ohki!"

"That cabbit is not fit for any combat," said Satuzama. 

"Leave Ryo-Ohki alone, you monster!" yelled Ryoko. 

Satuzama stepped towards Sasami. "Sasami..."

"No! Don't get near my sister! I'm warning you!" yelled Ayeka.

Satuzama turned to Ayeka. "Warning me? Princess, really..."

Satuzama turned back to where Sasami was. She was shaking. He stepped forward 
again. Tenchi struggled to get free of the energy binds. Lord Katsuhito knew
that something had to be done, and soon. Satuzama raised his hands into the air 
and put them close together, as if he where about to clap. A ball of light 
energy formed inbetween                       his hands. An energy current 
spread across the room. The entire room lit up with the energy being given off. 
Satuzama put his hands down in front of him and let the ball                                                      
go forward. 

"Please... don't! Don't hurt Sasami!" shouted Ayeka. "Don't hurt my sister!"

"Then tell me where the ring is... now!" yelled Satuzama..

"I don't know where it is, and that's the truth! Please, Satuzama!" yelled 
Ayeka.




The energy ball neared Sasami. Satuzama's face had a certain look 
on it, but not satisfaction. He was not satisfied. Sasami looked on in horror as 
the ball got closer

"Satuzama! Stop!" shouted Lord Katsuhito. "I know where the ring is!"

Satuzama was surprised, and the expression on his face showed this. 
As did the look on Tenchi's face. Then on the face of the others. Satuzama shut 
his 
eyes and the energy ball dissipated. He opened his eyes and turned toward 
Katsuhito.

"How do you know where it is, old man?" Satuzama inquired.

"Grandfather? How could you know?" asked Tenchi.

"Tenchi, you should not be surprised. The Ring of Destiny is a Jurain treasure,
and I, after all, am Yosho," replied Yosho.

"You... are the legendary Yosho? How can this be?" said Satuzama.

"Don't act so surprised," said Yosho. "It's not so hard to believe."
               
"That would explain quite a bit," said Satuzama.

Satuzama walked over to where Yosho floated.

"Now, explain yourself, Yosho."



"A long time ago, I abdicated the throne of Jurai," Yosho said. 
"I did not go straight to Earth, as you may have thought. I fell in love with a 
woman name Hurana, as you have learned, Tenchi, and we stayed together on the 
planet. I kept us hidden so that nobody from the Royal Palace would come for me. 
For years we stayed on the planet. I heard rumors of the incident in the castle 
involving the ring. I knew that if this ring was powerful, it would have to be 
hidden to keep it out of the wrong hands.                                                   
However, I was quiet busy with Hurana. After a while, we decided to leave the 
planet.                   I decided that before I left, I would have to do 
something about the ring. It had been passed on for a few generations already 
(due to the fact that the royal family was dwindeling because of some rare 
disease), so I couldn't very well ask for it. I snuck 
into the palace, but was caught by Ayeka's grandmother and her great aunt. I was 
able                    to convince them to give me the ring." 

"The disease that had claimed members of my family was a mystery," said Ayeka.

"Could it have been caused by radiation from the ring?" asked Washu.

"I guess it could've been," replied Yosho. 

"What happened next, Yosho?" Satuzama inquired.

	"When Haruna and I left," said Yosho, "I took the ring with me. 
We searched galaxies for a planet to live on, but couldn't find a place that we 
deemed very good for a new life. Haruna fell ill, and I did not know what  to 
do. 
I thought about trying to use the power of the ring, but I couldn't get the ring 
to activate. 
Haruna died. I visited my friend on the planet Gawen, and gave him the ring. I 
told him that it needed somewhere to be placed safely. He was going to build a 
temple, and put the ring in it. I thanked him and continued on, searching for a 
home, my heart heavy with sorrow from the loss of Haruna. When I arrived on 
Earth, I buried her."

Yosho looked over to Tenchi.

"Soon after, I met your grandmother, and we had a daughter, your mother." 

"Very interesting," remarked Tollop.

"Yes, I agree," said Satuzama, walking over to Tenchi. "So, Tenchi must've 
been the one who defeated Kagato..."

Satuzama turned to Yosho. "...with your sword. Tenchi, 'Heaven and Earth'."

"How do you know I didn't defeat Kagato?" asked Yosho, jokingly.

"You are much too old to win a fight against Kagato, Yosho," said Satuzama. 

"Kagato. Ha!" said Tollop. "What a weak fool he was!"

"Huh? Did you just call Kagato 'weak'?" asked Tenchi.  

"Yes, that's right," said Tollop.

He thinks Kagato was weak? That's bad! thought Tenchi.

	A long time ago, Tenchi's grandfather Yosho was the king of Jurai. 
He was a master swordsman, but a master statesman as well. He was well-liked 
by most of the people on Jurai. Kagato was a man jealous of Yosho, and, wanting 
the throne of Jurai, he challenged him. He was defeated, however, and blown into 
another dimension. When he returned, he took up the throne of Jurai as the 
missing Yosho. He took over the entire kingdom, and labeled Ayeka and 
Sasami traitors.  He had them arrested so that they would not get in his way. 
Tenchi saved the two, along with Ryoko, who had also been arrested. Kagato was 
eventually defeated after a strainous battle.


"Kagato did not know what he was doing," said Satuzama. "He was a failure."

"I could've taken on Kagato with my limbs cut off," said Tollop, smirking.

"Ha ha ha! What an amusing comment, Tollop. I bet you could've beaten Kagato 
with your head alone," said Satuzama.

"Even so, Tenchi was the one who beat Kagato," said Yosho, "and since then, he's 
become even more skilled."

"Really?" said Satuzama, turning to Tenchi. "Been practicing, have you?"

"That's right! I could---" Tenchi started.

"Quiet, boy!" 

Satuzama put his hand forward, arm stretched out. 
The Tenchi Sword dissapeared from the holster on Tenchi's belt 
and appeared in the air in front  of Satuzama. Satuzama took it into 
a hand and smirked. He walked over to where Tenchi was and put                                    
the inactive laser blade sword up to Tenchi.

"Tenchi... just like the sword. I should have known that your grandfather was 
Yosho."

