Satuzama turned to where Yosho floated. He put his hand
forward and the binds holding Lord Katsuhito dissapeared. Yosho landed
in a crouched position, and stood. He noticed Tollop looking at him, and made 
a very serious, almost angry face.

"Tell me, old man, why did you not stop me from taking Ayeka?" asked Tollop.

Lord Katsuhito didn't want to answer the question. He had more important 
things on his mind. Now that Satuzama knew what planet the ring was on, he would 
go after it, and Yosho feared the worse might happen if the obsessed warlord got 
his hands on it. Satuzama didn't seem like the type who'd want the ring to unite 
all people  together in harmony. 

Satuzama put his left arm in the air and closed his hand into a fist. 
The binds around the others dissapeared and they fell. Tenchi quickly grabbed 
for the Tenchi Sword, but was smacked away by Satuzama. Tenchi fell to the 
floor,         but got up again.

"Give me the sword, Satuzama," said Tenchi, filled with anger. "Now!"

"Such rage, young boy," said Satuzama, acting surprised.

"Give me my sword!"
	

"Shut up, boy!"

	All of a sudden, the sword began to glow. This surprised 
Satuzama and most of the others, with the exception of Tenchi and Yosho. 
The sword dissapeared. Tenchi put his hand out and the sword appeared in it. 
Tenchi clutched his sword with both hands, bringing it before him. The sword's 
blade lit up. Satuzama ignored this and looked toward Yosho. Then he turned his 
sights to Tollop.

"Tollop! Lock these fools up in a secure cell... except Yosho. He stays here."

"No! Let us go!"

	Satuzama turned toward Tenchi, and smirked. He wasn't going to even 
consider the boy and his sword as a threat. He was amused by Tenchi's show of 
bravery. He admired Tenchi in that way. Nonetheless, he wasn't about to let his 
chances of getting the Ring of Destiny slip through the cracks. He blasted 
Tenchi with an energy beam, sending the boy crashing into a wall and slumping to 
the floor. The sword deactivated and fell to the floor as well. Satuzama stared 
at the unconscious Tenchi.

"Fool."


In the cell, Tenchi was still unconscious. Ryoko and Ayeka stayed by him,                           
waiting for him to awake. Sasami sat down in a corner, holding the injured Ryo-
Ohki.            Kiyone stood by the laser field, trying to think of something 
that might get them out of the mess they were in. Mihoshi sat down nearby, 
hoping that Kiyone would come up with  something fast. She was on the verge of 
crying, but it was usual for her to be ebullient one minute and distraught the 
next. Ryoko turned her head and saw Kiyone, who was 
still thinking. 

"Come up with anything yet, Kiyone?" asked Ryoko.

"No, not yet," Kiyone replied.

Ryoko sighed.

"Tenchi," said Ayeka, reaching down and touching Tenchi's face, "please wake 
up."

Sasami petted Ryo-Ohki. 

"Ryo-Ohki... don't worry," said Sasami. "We'll be okay again, soon."


Washu sat in a dark corner of the cell.

Hmm...I wonder if I would be able to contact Mecha-Washu, she thought.

Ayeka looked over to where Washu sat, wondering why she hadn't 
said anything for so long. It wasn't like Washu. Ayeka assumed she must have 
been 
thinking of a plan.

"Washu, do you have a plan?" asked Ayeka.

"I might," said Washu.


	On the bridge of the Gaizu, the control room, the loyal workers of Satuzam 
sat typing away at consels, checking gauges, turning dials, flipping switches, 
and such other things while Orozumo supervised. The automatic door opened. 
Orozumo looked back and saw Tollop enter. 

"Captain! Lord Satuzama is here!" he barked.

Orozumo quickly turned to the subordinates, who had frozen upon hearing the 
news.

"Look lively, men!" he ordered.

Captain Oruzomo hurried over toward the entrance. 
Yosho entered the room, followed by Satuzama. Yosho was taken aside by Tollop. 
Orozumo bowed. Satuzama, in good spirit, smiled, which confused Tollop. It 
didn't seem to surprise Orozumo as much, as he had always thought Satuzama was a 
kind person underneath his rough exterior. Tollop had always taken any sign of 
kindness as sort of a temporary loss of sanity on Satuzama's part, as he did not 
seem to be as light-hearted in his mind. This, was in fact, the closest to his 
personality. Tollop could tell. Orozumo was too much of an optimist when it came 
to such things.

"I have set the course for Gawen, Satuzama-sama," said Captain Orozumo.

"Very good," said Satuzama, his face tightening and becoming serious.

"My grandson will not let you use the ring, Satuzama," said Yosho. "You're a 
fool."

"Such nonsense," snorted Tollop. 

"How dare you say such things to Satuzama-sama! Apologize!" yelled Orozumu.

"Don't get excited, Captain Orozumo," said Satuzama, putting his hand forward.

"I am sorry, my lord," said Orozumo.
"That is fine," said Satuzama. "Continue with your duties and pay no attention 
to the old man."

"Yes, my lord," said Orozumo, turning toward the front of the ship.

"He seems very loyal," Yosho commented. 

"He is very loyal, indeed," said Satuzama. "As are all my men."

"I wonder if they all know that you're a psychopath," said Yosho.

"I am not a psychopath!" 

"You cannot change the heart of the universe. Certain things will always stay 
the same."

"Don't be so close-minded, Yosho. I can change anything."

	
	In the cell, Tenchi stirred. When he opened his eyes, he could see 
Ryoko and Ayeka standing over him. Smiles appeared on their faces. He sat up 
and looked around. Sasami stood up, still holding Ryo-Ohki and hurried over to 
him as he got up himself. Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Washu followed suit.

"Tenchi, are you okay?" asked Sasami.

"I... I'm fine," Tenchi responded.

"Oh Tenchi!" exclaimed Ryoko, throwing her arms around Tenchi and squeezing 
tightly.

"Don't do that, Ryoko! You'll hurt him!" admonished Ayeka.

"Ryoko..." said Tenchi, becoming blue in the face from lack of oxygen.

"Yes? What is it, dear Tenchi?" asked Ryoko.

"Let... me... go!"

Ryoko saw that she was hurting Tenchi and let him go. 

"Sorry."

"That's okay," said Tenchi, his face returning to normal.

"Lord Tenchi, Washu thinks she might have a plan to get us out of here," said 
Ayeka.

"Really? What's the plan, Washu?" asked Tenchi.

"I'll rescue us!" said Washu.

"What? What do you mean?"

"Well, not 'me', but the other 'me', Mecha-Washu!" 

"Oh..."

	
	Back at the Masaki residence, or rather, in another dimension 
ajacent to it, Mecha-Washu was cleaning the nursery while Mayuka slept. 
The robot was designed to have the same basic character traits as Washu and a 
portion of her knowledge. Mecha-Washu was made to do work that Washu was 
too busy to do. Lately, the robot had been taking care of the baby Mayuka. 
Mayuka was temporarily pacified, so Mecha-Washu decided to do some cleaning.   

"That Washu always gets to do the fun things," said Mecha-Washu, 
dusting off a dresser. 

Mecha-Washu walked into the portal, and into the main lab. She put away 
the duster and took out a vaccum (you know, out of nowhere). She started 
vaccuming 
the area around the Dream Machine, making sure not to damage the invention, but 
being as thorough as she could. All of a sudden, a siren sounds. Mecha-Washu 
spots the light signaling an emergency over the main computer on the other side 
of the lab. She hurries over to the computer consel and presses an orange 
button. Washu appears on the screen.

"Mecha-Washu!" said Washu. "We need your help!"

"How can I help?" asked the robot.

"Well, let me explain the situation," Washu responded.


The Gaizu neared the the solar system that Jurai was in. Since Jurai 
was the most prominent planet in the system, it was called the Jurai System. 
Also in 
the system were the planets Huepin, Errol, Malin, Quem, Peppo, and Gawen. The 
Gaizu headed for Gawen, where Lord Katsuhito had previously mentioned the Ring 
of Destiny was on. Gawen was a lot like both Earth and Jurai, but it was not 
described that way by anyone who ever went there, because it's charm differed in 
many ways. There were many valleys and marshlands, and little forests. There was 
only one desert, and barely any        icey tundra. Gawen flourished with life 
all around, even in it's harshest of winters,                         a 
testament to life itself.




	In his throne room, Satuzama sat, wondering what he would do 
first when he obtained the Ring of Destiny. He craved revenge on those that 
had wronged him in the past. The warrior Govet had stopped him from acquiring 
the throne of Jurai, but revenge was not an option in that case. It was not 
possible to get revenge on the dead warrior. The knights that had ruined him 
were still alive, and resided on Jurai. However, Satuzama's mind filled with 
thoughts of renewal. The universe would be renewed once he had the ring. 

	Yosho and Tollop were also in the room. Yosho walked over 
to Satuzama. Tollop started for him but saw Satuzama's face, which seemed to 
signal that he didn't mind, and he stopped. Yosho walked right in front of 
Satuzama. 

"What's wrong, Yosho? Is your stay not pleasurable?" asked Satuzama.

"You know very well what I think of this," said Yosho. 

"Heh. It's not like you can do anything about it, old man, so just live with 
it."

"You know, it's strange," said Yosho.

"What?" Satuzama inquired.

"You calling me 'old man'"

"You are an old man, Yosho," said Satuzama.

"Not really, not for a Jurain. You should know, even though you are 
from Earth. I thought you would have known about the aging process of Jurians, 
having lived on Jurai for a while."

"Shut up, old man!" 

A look of complete shock came to Tollop's face. 

"You're... you're from Earth, Lord Satuzama?"

Satuzama glared at Lord Katsuhito, then got up from his throne and grabbed him.

"How dare you suggest such a thing! I am from a planet far away!" Satuzama 
yelled.

"Yes, I know, far away from Jurai. Earth is pretty far," said Yosho, unafraid.

"You fool!" shouted Satuzama, throwing Yosho to the ground. 

			

Satuzama stepped aside and walked toward Tollop. When there was only a few
meters between them, Satuzama stopped. He turned to Yosho, who got up from the 
floor, and then turned to Tollop.

"You may go now, Tollop," said Satuzama.

"Lord Satuzama, is what he said true? Are you a human?" asked Tollop.

"Don't be foolish, Tollop. Leave at once."

"Yes, my lord," said Tollop, as he dissapeared in a strange mist.

Satuzama stood, facing the door that led out of the room. Tollop wasn't one 
who usually used doors. He had the power to dissapear and reappear wherever he 
had been before since he was a child. Satuzama had taught him to perfect his 
skill, and learn other skills as well. Tollop was the best swordsman that 
Satuzama had. 

	Satuzama turned and walked, past Yosho, to his throne. He turned, and it 
looked as though he might sit, but instead he walked over to the giant porthole-
like window in the room and stared out at the planet Errol, which the Gaizu was 
passing.

"Tell me... how did you know I was from Earth?"

"You don't stay on Earth for so long and not gain a sense about that kind of 
thing."

"You were right in guessing I'm from Earth, Yosho, but I am not a human."

"Really? Demon, then?"

"Don't be stupid, Yosho."

Satuzama turned. A slight smile came across his face. 
It was ephemeral, to say the least. He walked toward Yosho, casually, as if he 
were meandering through a park. He came to a stop and stared Yosho right in 
the eyes. He gave a small laugh, walked over to his throne, turned, and sat.

"I am much more than a simple human." 



Tollop walked down a corridor of the Gaizu that led to the bridge. 
Orozumo was walking toward him, heading for the throne room. When the two 
approached each other, they stopped. 

"What are you doing here, captain?" Tollop inquired. "Shouldn't you be on the 
bridge?"


Captain Orozumo let out a heavy breath. He didn't want to have to deal with 
Tollop.

"I am going to see Satuzama-sama," Orozumo responded.

"Really? Well, I just came from where he is. He's quiet busy."

"I was going to give him a status report."

"You can give me the status report, captain."

"Well, I really think I should give the report to---"

Tollop quickly unsheathed his sword and put it to Orozumo's neck.

"You will give the report to me!"

Orozumo did not respond kindly to such an action.

"Put your sword away, Tollop. Don't make me report this."

Tollop sheathed his sword. Then he smirked. 

"Don't make me laugh, captain. I could kill you and Satuzama would care less.                            
You'll give me the status report. Satuzama doesn't want to be bothered with such 
things at this moment. He's very busy with someone, so you will report to only 
me until further notice. It is stupid to report to Lord Satuzama about such 
trivial things, anyway. You don't want to anger him do you?"

Orozumo shook his head.

No sane operative of Satuzama would dare to be defiant. Not to                                
Satuzama himself, anyway. Most of those in Satuzama's armada showed disdain                                 
for Tollop. Tollop was, after all, Satuzama's second in command, and first in 
his mind                 as far as operatives went. The others, especially 
Captain Orozumo were envious of this.                                                              
They each felt that they could make a better general than the boastful, arrogant 
Tollop.
Still, he was second in command, so they had to listen to him. 

"Well? Is there anything you want to object to, captain?"

"No."

In addition to their hate for Tollop, they also feared him. He seemed dark 
and disturbed. This was partially why Satuzama respected him so much, because of 
a 
sense of mystique. Not only that, but Tollop was second to only Satuzama in the 
art of the sword. Add that to the fact that Tollop's skin was virtually 
impenetrable and that he could teleport, and you get a very intimidating man.                

"Very well," said Tollop, walking past Orozumo. "Bring me a written report to my 
quarters."

	As Tollop walked off, Captain Oruzumo remembered the incident 
on Reoul a month earlier. The armada had tracked down a Jurain sage into the 
jungle, and three search parties had been sent out to bring him in. One of the 
teams was led by Tollop, one was led by himself, and another led by Second 
Officer Epon. The sage, a nimble old man, had eluded both Oruzumo and Epon's 
teams. Tollop's team had gone many hours without a break, until finally Tollop 
allowed his men to rest. He, on the other hand, would not rest. He continued the 
search himself. About an hour later, the teams met up, minus Tollop. Orozumo and 
the others had no clue where Tollop was. That's when they heard screams. The 
screams were not Tollop's screams. Another hour passed, and Tollop arrived at 
the meeting point, carrying the sage over his shoulder. The sage later refused 
to talk about any matters pertaining to Jurai's royal family, which angered 
Satuzama. No one is quite sure what happened to the sage, or what happened in 
the jungle... no one, that is, except Tollop and Satuzama. 

The incident on Reoul instilled a sense of horror and fascination 
among the operatives. Prevarication was unnecessary in the account of the 
incident, because everyone believed it the way it happened. The operatives 
wondered to what extent his power expanded to. Orozumo had wished he knew how to 
teleport. Sword skills didn't matter to him. He was one of the best shots in the 
universe. He could hit a target 30 kilometers away with a blaster. He could 
blast an earring off a woman's ear at that distance. Tollop still continued to 
bother him, as he bothered everyone else (short 
of Satuzama).

Orozumo turned, heading toward Tollop's quarters.

To Be Continued...
