A Tenchi Muyo, Fan Fiction.
The Not So Typical Day At The Station.
By Peter Suzuki.

The series "Tenchi Muyo" is owned by Pioneer AIC… I think that’s how
it’s spelled.

        It was cycle twelve at the Galaxy Police station, which stood in its
perpetual
orbit around the planet of Jurai.  A heated discussion was occurring in
the
commissioner’s office.  A discussion that took place more often than
anyone would like
to admit, but none would deny.

        "YOU ****ING A**HOLE!!!!  YOU BRAINLESS SCUMBAG!!!!  IT WAS YOUR FAULT
THAT SHE WAS PAIRED UP WITH ME, YOU ****ING, UNCARING LOWLIFES!!!! EVERY DAY I
HAVE TO PUT UP WITH THIS ****ING CRAP, AND LIVE THROUGH THE SAME HORRORS DAY
AFTER DAY, AFTER DAY!!!!  I CAN’T TAKE IT ANY MORE!!!!  THAT WOMAN IS DRIVING ME
INSANE!!!!  And that’s when he jumped out of the window, sir."

        The commissioner nodded his head knowingly.  "I see.  And this was the
third one

this week?"

        "Fifth one, sir."

        "Oh, dear.  And its only Tuesday."

        "Yes, well it seems that he landed on the planet, after he jumped.
Apparently he crash landed into a pet shop, destroying the ceiling, and squashing
three gerbils."

        "I will be sure to write up my apologies to their families."

        "Maybe you should also write a similar apology to the family of the officer,
sir."

        "Perhaps you are right.  How is he doing, by the way?"

        "Lieutenant Trakal should be let out of the hospital in about three to four
months, after the doctors treat his injuries, sir."

        "Good, very good.  Be sure to send him lots of flowers."

        "Sir, I do believe that he suffers from violent allergic reactions to
pollen."

        "Oh, then ignore that last part." The commissioner pulled out a red cube from
his desk.  "By the way, could you help me with this?  I can’t get it to
materialize me a cup of coffee."

        The intern started twisting the cube in his hands.  "Sir, forgive me
for asking, but you have been the police commissioner for longer than I have been
working on the force, and you still do not know how to work a ‘Control Cube’?"

        "Oh, I can work it just fine.  I just can’t get it to make coffee."

        "And people wonder HOW he and his granddaughter could be related…" muttered the
intern, as he continued to set the sequence in the cube.

        "What was that?"

        "Nothing, sir." A cup of coffee materialized in front of the commissioner.
"Here you go." He handed back the cube.

        "Thank you.  Now, may I see the file on the officer that Lieutenant
Trakal was paired up with?"

        "Of course, sir." The intern handed over the file.  "I believe that the
officer he was partnered with was Officer Makabe Kiyone, from section seven."

        "I see.  Top honor roll every month at the academy, highest in
successful captures for three years in a row, about to be promoted to sergeant next
promotion date… She seems like an outstanding officer."

        "She is, sir.  One of the best, if not THE best on the force."

        "Then why have all of her previous partners either resigned,
transferred, or in
the case of Lieutenant Trakal, jumped out of a window, to fall into a
pet-store, and
kill some rodents?"

        "First of all, sir.  I do not believe that it was Lieutenant Trakal’s
intention
to fall into the pet shop, or to end the lives of those gerbils.
Secondly, you have to
understand that the reason why she seems to drive her previous
partners…crazy, is
because she is sometimes TOO good."

        "Please explain."

        "Well, officer Makabe comes from a long line of perfectionists.
Everything that
she does, she puts her heart and soul into it.  Because of this, she
does things a lot
better than most of her peers.  This is also where the trouble is.  You
see, her
partners begin to feel that they have to keep up with her standards of
police work.
They try their hardest, but eventually come to see that she is still
better than them.

Eventually they try so hard that they snap, and well…  You’ve seen what
happens."

        "Uh-huh.  So what can we do about this?"

        "Well, the best solution would be to re-partner her up with someone
else."

        "Uh-huh."

        "Someone who will not resign, after being partnered with her."

        "Uh-huh."

        "Someone who can be kind, considerate, and forgiving."

        "Uh-huh."

        "Sir, are you even paying attention to what I am saying?"

        "Uh-huh."

        "Then what is two plus two?"

        "Uh-huh."

        "……Should’ve expected as much…  Well, do you have any suggestions,
sir?"

        "About what?"

        "About who should be partnered with officer Makabe."

        "Oh, right.  That.  Well, one officer comes to mind."

        Uh-oh.  He’s got THAT look in his eye, again.  "Sir, please.  You can’t
honestly
be thinking of…"

        "My granddaughter, Mihoshi.  She’ll be the perfect partner for officer
Kiyone."

        "Sir, do you know why I became an intern?"

        "Um……  I dunno.  Why?"

        "So I could NOT be partnered up with your granddaughter, Mihoshi."

        "Really?  Why?"

        "Sir, with all due respect, your granddaughter is a compete, and total
klutz.
She has trouble focusing on new subjects.  Whenever she encounters
something new, she
often tries to work with it in the same way she would do something
similar.  Often with
disastrous results. And she, like the rest of her family, are
apparently, and
unnaturally, accident prone."

        "Her family is not accident prone!  I am tired of these untrue rumors
that h-"
the commissioner set his coffee cup down on a certain ‘Red Button’.

*ARUUUUUUUUUGA!!!* *ARUUUUUUUUUGA!!!* *ARUUUUUUUUUGA!!!*

        The lights start flashing in red.

        "I pushed the button again, didn’t I?"


        "Yes you did, sir."

        "Quick, I’ve got to turn this thing off!"

        "Sir."

        "Quickly, Hiro!  Inform everyone that this is a false alarm!  They’re
probably
expecting an attack!"  The commissioner pulled out his control board,
"Damn, I keep
forgetting that there are so many buttons on this thing." And began to
blindly push the
multicolored buttons.

        The intern, ever calm, turned on the intercom.  "Attention people.
This is a
FALSE alarm.  There is no real danger.  Just please stay calm, and wait
for the alarm to
end.  Officers, there is no real emergency, so stop preparing for a
battle…  This means
YOU, officer Kuramitsu."

        On one of the lower levels, the officer, ever cheerfully, came to the
realization.  "Oh, I see!  So this ISN’T a real ‘Red-Alert’!  That’s why
no one was
fighting! ^_^"

        Back in the commissioner’s office, several minor disasters were
brewing.  In his
haste to attempt to turn off the alarm, activated several other devices
in the office.

        The television monitor constantly switched between the two programs of
"Bananas
in Pajamas", and "Barney & Friends".  Both episodes of which, the
commissioner had
previously seen, and thus wasn’t distracted from his button pushing.

        On the desk, the commissioner’s "Birdie that bobs up-an-down" was
brutally
stabbing at the commissioner’s favorite paperweight.  Despite the
beating that it was
taking, the inanimate object refused to give in to the onslaught being
given by the
‘slightly-more’ animate object.

        Meanwhile, the "Meal Maker 9000" was creating the new and exotic,
culinary dish
of "Minced Celery Flambe".  Seven knives on robot arms, savagely hacked
and slashed a
poor, defenseless, celery stalk until it was reduced to nothing more
than a fine green
mush, of vegetable protein.  The pile-o-fiber was then tossed into a
flaming grill,
where it was promptly incinerated into a fine ash.  The computerized
cooker then had the
audacity to electronically say, "Bon appitie!"

        And in the corner of the office, the robot arms were doing their daily
ritual of
feeding the commissioner’s plant, a few hours early.  After two scoops
of the pink
crystal plant food, the arms seemed to have decided that feeding the
plant food one
scoop at a time was entirely too slow, for the arms proceeded in dumping
the entire
canister of food onto the plant, burying the flower in a pile of
pinkish-white sand.
Just as the two arms left the buried plant, the wall slid up and
produced a water
cooler, which promptly relieved itself entirely on the hapless plant.
The empty cooler
left back into the hole in the wall from where it came from, but not
before the door
started coming down a little too soon.  The door decapitated the empty
bottle from its
body, and split the plastic container in two.  The lower half leaped
inward, toward its
missing body, while the other shot outward…toward the back of the
commissioner’s

head.

        The commissioner looked down, from his keyboard.  "Oh, dear.  My shoe
is
untied." Immediately after he bent down to tie his shoe, the top half of
a plastic water
bottle shot over him, right where his head used to be.  The intern
watched as the half
of a plastic receptacle flew into a trash bind, which had its lid
rapidly moving
up-an-down, and was making noise in a way that would befit a monster
that would have

scared a small child, or Mihoshi, had either been in its presence at the
time.

        Meanwhile, the plant, now with an over-access of food and water, began
to adjust
its size to fit its new high level of energy.  The flower stretched and
twisted, growing
in size and weight.  Its petals developed an armor-like thickness to
themselves, and
shark-like teeth developed around its center.  The now carnivorous plant
craved humanoid
blood as sustenance, and would have gained a decent meal had not the
SPINNING picture
frame behind it gained a hold upon the giant plant.  Like a food
processor to a normal
vegetable, the frame reduced the four and a half foot "Lethal Lilly" to
a couple dozen
chunks of freshly cut flower, pulling even the two foot root into the
abyss of where the
picture went whenever it should have spun into the wall.  This left the
empty pot-o-mud
to slide back into its little spot in the wall, leaving the place
looking as if nothing
had happened.

        The intern decided to end this little ‘Three Ring Circus’ before it got
any
worse.  "Sir, have you tried pushing the button AGAIN?"

        The commissioner realized what he had forgotten about the ‘Red Button’,
and
slapped himself on the forehead.  "Silly me!  That’s what I was doing
wrong."  He then
pushed the button, and the whole chaos stopped.  Thus returning the
office to its
relative normality.  "Now, what were we talking about?"

        "I was just telling you why I don’t approve of who you are partnering
up with
officer Makabe."

        "Oh.  Well I still don’t see why."

        "Sir, I do not believe that she will get along with her."

        "Mihoshi gets along with everybody."

        "I’m not talking about Mihoshi, sir."

        "Oh."

        "I’m afraid that there is nothing that will convince me to change my
opinion,
sir."

        "Then I’m afraid that I’ll have to make one of them an intern."

        "Excuse me, sir?"

        "Well the only way that I can keep two officers from being partnered
up, is by
making one of them an intern, like yourself."

        "……………………I’ll inform them that they will be partnered up to each other,
tomorrow."

        "Good.  I knew that you would see it my way."

        "Y-yes sir." The intern then left the commissioner’s office.  He stood
outside
the door, and pondered his predicament.  He just effectively partnered
the two most
contrasting members on the Galaxy Police force.  He knew that it was
quite necessary for
the sake of his sanity.  He could only put up with officer Makabe,
Kiyone for a few days
before he would start to act like Lieutenant Trakal.  And as for officer
Kuramitsu,
Mihoshi…

*ARUUUUUUUUUGA!!!* *ARUUUUUUUUUGA!!!* *ARUUUUUUUUUGA!!!*

        "Push the button AGAIN, sir." The intern said to the commissioner,
behind the
door.

        The lights and sirens stopped.  "Thanks." Said the commissioner, from
his
office.

        "I’m going to have to ask maintenance to move that damn button."
Thought the
intern.  He then turned back to his original musings.  "I can only hope
that Mihoshi and
Kiyone don’t end up killing each other."

The next day would be the day that Kiyone would recall as being the day
that the HELL
started.

END.

AUTHOR’S NOTES:

        I slipped back into my "Classical Writer Wannabe" mode, near the end
there.  Could you tell?

        Sorry for the lack of a good title.  This actually started out as a
simple Spam-fic, entitled "Why They Were Partnered Up."  But the story
became much longer than I originally planned, and the story seemed to
drift off from the original plot.  The story eventually became more
centered around the commissioner, and the intern.  I just couldn’t come
up with a suitable title for it.  "The Not So Typical Day At The
Station." Was the only thing that I could come up with.  My apologies.

        In case your wondering, YES that is the same Trakal that was killed in
the Tenchi Muyo movie.  The idea is that after he got out of the
hospital, he had lost his memory of when he had been partnered up with
Kiyone.  Sorry for all of you Trakal fans out there.  I just needed a
normally ‘Tough as Nails’ cop to fill in that part, and Kiyone was
supposed to be the one causing the problem, so I had to put the
Operative
into the place.

        There were two things that I was trying to point out in this story.
1.  Kiyone may have been partnered with Mihoshi because she ALSO had a
knack for driving her partners insane.  Hey, taking a job TOO seriously
can do that to the ones you work with (and she takes her job
SERIOUSLY).  2.  Mihoshi’s Mihoshiness could have been hereditary.  You
never know.

        The intern is my own original character.  His full name is Hiroshi
(Hiro) Yukinojo.  Yes, Yukinojo, the same as Mihoshi’s personal
robot/computer.  The computer was named after him.  He’s calm, serious,
able to put up with the commissioner’s bumbling, as well as knowing how
to avoid him and his granddaughter.  He knows that neither of them are
at all stupid (In fact, they can be quite intelligent,
when they want to be.), just clumsy (and unfocussed).  He is an average
looking guy, with slightly curly brown hair that is tied in a
pony-tail.  When he is not pushing papers or listening to the
commissioner, he is usually resting in his recliner that sits at his
desk.  He kind of has the life that Tenchi WISHES that he could have.

        I hope that you have enjoyed reading this Fan Fiction.  It contains
some of my best comedic work.

        Here's a funny little joke that doesn't have anything to do with my Fan
Fic, but  I'm putting in here anyway.  We will never have to worry about
crime reaching the head of our country, because stupidity will always
prevail.  A crack dealer will NEVER be President of the United States.
A crack ADDIC however...

        My scencere apologies for that joke.  I don't know what got into me.
Peter Suzuki.
