Tenchi Muyou! Fanfiction
By The New Reb
archer@senet.com.au
Written on MS-DOS Editor 1.1

The State of Things.

I suppose that there are times I simply wonder about it all. Of course,
I'm quite content to remain here with Jiichan, tending the fields and
helping him maintain the shrine. It's so nice around here, and peaceful;
I've been happy here for close to half a century, and I can't see myself
getting tired of it too soon. All my friends -  Ryouko, Aeka and Sasami,
Washuu and Mihoshi, are members of interstellar cultures and take space
travel for granted, but I'm an Earthling, and after all of the impromptu
departures from my planet, I've learned to appreciate so much more. I
guess I can see things from Ojiichan's veiwpoint now. I know Jurai did
not like him staying away... and I know that Azusa game him that ulti-
matum.
  They won't confront me. Not now.
  I won't go to Jurai yet. It's a major point of contention, but they
know that they can't do anything about it. My only regret is that
it has strained my friendship with Aeka. Her visits have become less
frequent, though I'm sure no less desired. I think she admires the
firm decisions that I've made, anyway. They all had plenty of time to
get used to them - I made sure of that. It's really been gradual for
all concerned.
  One incident has led me to this state. It was a single occurence
that took me years to fully comprehend. One thing that empowered me,
or rather awakened me... perhaps both. If you will, I'll share the
memory.
  At the climax of my battle with Mossurenaa, he expelled his entire
life force at me, so even if I had not been triumphant, he would have
been destroyed at the hands of the Jurai Ship Garden fleet. And of
course the Radiant Hawk Wings countered. But I also attacked with
this defence, with the result of obliterating the entire Setori P
planetoid.
  A large void followed, a gap in consciousness. The drop into the
water woke me, as it would anyone, but I was still in the Light
Hawk Armour/Mode so the dangerous, frigid current had no adverse
effect on me. I was out and dry on a bordering block of stone in no
time, without a clue where I was. Strange yet stunning scenery:
spheres and slabs of stone arranged and suspended in the distant
sky, amoung streams and strings of bright points of light.
  Apart from the wide "river" and the infrequent dark shapes in its
depths, everything seemed static. Now, it's a fact that my awareness
is greatly expanded whilst in my warrior state, so when the curious
bunch of circular arcs appeared over the water, I quickly ascertained
its purpose. I leapt over onto it, upon which it set off at speed.
On the short journey I saw many more abstract spectacles... this
place I had arrived in appeared to have been constructed at the whim
of a purely artistic mind.
  Very quickly I reached my destination, which was a grand hall of
arches, brightly illuminated and reaching up to infinity. You under-
stand that I had just left a conclusive battle and was still ready
for action. I stared up at the magnificence with defiance.
  Without warning it vanished to reveal starry space. On either side
silhouettes rose swiftly, and between them came into existence three
figures. Only one was visible.
  The incomprehensibly tall woman's eyes moved downwards to study me.
With my courage boosted by my battle state, I shouted, "Who are you?"
  I saw the apprehension in those eyes, but never understood it until
I was much older. Without moving at all, she drew back, but still
replied, "Tokimi," in a powerfully soothing voice. She continued,
"Tenchi, show me the Light Hawk Wings."
  Without hesitation, I concentrated and the three bright radii
pierced into existance. They glowed steadily before me, in the direct
path between us.
  The lady came to a decision. She announced to me in quiet tones,
"When you have grown, I cannot oppose you. I do not know how Tsunami
has done this, but it cannot be avoided now." Her face turned fully
down to me. "Enjoy your humanity while you can."
  Suddenly I found myself on the bridge of a Jurai ship, with the
destruction of the planetoid of Setori P going on outside in space.
Aeka insisted that I had been transferred directly from the scene
of Mossurenaa's demise, and didn't know anything about detours through
dimensions inhabited by god-like beings. No-one knew.
  I kept quiet about, for some reason.
  And slowly I realised that two people I know knew everything.
  Tsunami and Washuu never say anything pertaining to what I
experienced or my slowly unfolding destiny. Those like Us don't need
to. Of course, I have nearly everything to learn. I'm in no hurry,
as I've said. Its quite daunting now, but I think I'll be ready when
the time comes and I'm needed to take my destined place.
  I mean, it was enough of a surprise when I found out I was to
succeed the Throne of Jurai and become Emperor of the galaxy.

-end-

This idea just popped into my mind today at work, and I wanted to try
to write it all on the same day. The more I considered it, the more
sense it made. I mean, if the OAV series WAS continued, I'm sure that
Tenchi ending up as a god wouldn't be the outcome, but I needed to
write something. Some bits allude to the Tenchi fanfic I'm doing which
should be ready in a few months, Tenchi Muyou! Achika. I'm sorry if
it didn't make sense because I'm the only one who knows about this
story. I hope you enjoyed it anyway.
  Tenchi Muyou! is copyright of the company named in other Tenchi fic
discalaimers, I can't remember what its called its too damn late at
night. Anyway its not mine.

A note about Kou-u-yoku.
Kou-u-yoku, the Radiant Hawk Wings, are in my opinion the coolest
things ever used in anime. If anyone knows of anything cooler, please
let me know. Everytime Tenchi uses them they're different. I'm of the
mind that they're a divine creation which Tsunami let Jurai have
(when she founded the empire? when she joined it?). Tokimi can tell
everything about Tenchi by his Wings. In the OAV she seems to know a
lot. They'll play a prominent role in my Tenchi fanfic.

Anyway, good night.
The New Reb, 29 May.
