                      Supercharged Tenchi Muyo!
                               Part 6

Disclaimer: All characters from Tenchi Muyo are copyright of AIC and Pioneer.  
Charger and the Mystics are copyright of me because I created them.  If you use 
this story on your webpage, please give me the proper credit.  

Warning: There are religious references in this series.  If such offends you, 
read no further.  However, these references are important for the background of 
this story.  And I'm not trying to shove any beliefs down anyone's throat.  
Also, I'm not very familiar with every aspect of Japanese culture so don't diss 
me if I misinterpret certain things.

	~EARLY DAWN, MASAKI HOUSEHOLD~

	Charger was sprawled out on his futon, the covers tossed aside.  His wild 
blue hair covered almost the entire length of the pillow.  He snored loudly, and 
occasionally muttered some incomprehensible phrases.

	He didn't hear Sasami enter his room and call out gently "Charger, it's 
time to wake up."

	The young Mystic simply snored even louder, as if mocking her request.

	"Come on!  Ayeka said that we had to get an early start...oh what will I 
do with him?" Sasami muttered 

	Ryoko peeked in and observed "He's not even awake yet???  Sheesh, I 
thought I was bad at sleeping late!"

	Sasami went up to him and shook him rather hard.  "Are you playing possum 
or what? Time to get up!"

	The space pirate thought for a few seconds, and then said "I think I know 
how to wake him up.  If this doesn't work, we just might have to pour ice water 
on him.  You go ahead and help get the gear together." 

	Sasami nodded and left.  Ryoko floated up over Charger and looked him 
over.

	"Awwwww, ain't he CUTE?" she thought,  "Just like a little pint-sized punk 
rocker." 

	She then took a breath and said in a ridiculously exaggerated voice "Oh, 
look here!  A giant stack of Dragon Ball Z manga.  These probably belong to 
Charger.  Maybe I'll just TAKE THEM ALL AND DRAW LITTLE MUSTACHES ON ALL THE 
CHARACTERS!"

	This ploy worked beautifully.  Charger sprang to his feet and shouted, 
"Don't touch those!  You might wrinkle the cover, and I swear that if you draw 
mustaches on ANYTHING, you'll..."

	Ryoko just gave him an adorable smile and waved.  "Good morning, did you 
sleep well?"

	Charger calmed down a little and straightened up his futon.  "Yeah I 
guess.  What's goin' on anyway?  Why am I up so early?"

	"We were going to Cybot-Galactic today, remember?" 

	Charger scratched his head and said "Oh yeah, that's right."

	Just as she was about to leave, Charger added.  "Don't you guys ever 
knock?  For all you know I could've been sleeping in here naked!  Good thing I 
have these cool pajamas because you wouldn't have been able to handle yourself 
if that happened!"

	Charger batted his eyes and said in a high-pitched voice "And dearest 
Tenchi would be sooooooooooooo heartbroken that you gave yourself to another 
man!"

	Ryoko sneered at him and muttered "Keep dreaming, squirt.  Now hurry up 
and get ready, we're about to leave." 

	Following the sarcastic comment, she exited the room and closed the door 
behind her.  Charger threw on a black Spawn shirt, jeans and his tattered combat 
boots.  He also packed up what he believed were essential items for the journey: 
junk food, comics and his favorite CDs.  He also brought some scary-looking 
weapons and armor attachments, most of which were his own design.

	He quickly descended down the stairs, looking around at the chaos.  People 
were scrambling to and fro in order to get together what they needed.  Yosho 
Masaki was present, someone who Charger had only rarely seen.  The young man 
Tenchi and his father were having a frantic conversation in hushed tones.

	"I still don't see why you have to go with them!" Nobiyuki said.  "They 
should be able to handle this on their own!"

	"Because it's partially my responsibility, dad." Tenchi replied.  "I have 
Juraian heritage, so I should do whatever I can to help!"

	Yosho then stepped into the conversation, saying, "I'm proud of the 
resolve that you are showing even in the face of apparent danger."  He then 
turned to Nobiyuki and added "They boy is old enough to make his own decisions.  
Perhaps this is best left up to him."

	Tenchi nodded.  "You're right grandpa, and I'm gonna do all I can."

	Nobiyuki scratched his head and said, "Well I admire your courage too, but 
I also fear for your safety.  If you're going to this weird place, then I'm 
going with you."  

 	Yosho smiled as he reached for his suitcase.  "Your mother would be so 
proud of you right now, Tenchi."

	The young man nodded.  "It's the right thing to do."

	Elsewhere, Princess Ayeka was talking with Sasami about some important 
details of the trip.  They both reasoned that Emperor Azusa might already be at 
Cybot-Galactic, so if they indeed met the Robot Master, they would have to play 
their cards very carefully.  

	Professor Washu then made her entrance and said "Attention everyone, I 
have designed a suitable ship for us to travel to Cybot-Galactic.  Everyone 
please follow me to the laboratory."

	"Now wait!" Ryoko interrupted.  "Why can't we just fly in Ryo-oh-ki?" she 
asked as her feisty cabbit companion hopped on her shoulder.  Ryo-oh-ki mewed a 
few notes, which was probably a complaint of some sort.

	"Because my custom-designed spacecraft will have faster hyperspace 
capabilities and more storage space.  Ryo-oh-ki, being of a starfighter class, 
will not serve us as well." Washu replied.

	She rubbed the adorable creature's head and cooed "Sorry girl, I promise 
you that you'll get extra carrots for this."  

	Ryo-oh-ki replied with a delighted meow.

	Princess Ayeka then said, "If everyone is ready, I suggest we leave now.  
Every second counts."

 	As they entered Washu's subspace laboratory, they noticed a new portal set 
up in the distance.  Washu briefly consulted her laptop and informed them "This 
gateway will lead us to my deep space launching facility.  We'll head there and 
then board my transport 'Spacelord'.  No space suits are required because the 
entire area is fully oxygenated and the pressure/gravity controls have been set 
accordingly.  Any questions?"

	No one said anything.

	"Good, now everyone please set up your quarters.  The time that it will 
take us to get to Cybot-Galactic measures 1 Earth week at hyperspeed."

	Tenchi felt nervous all of a sudden.  Summer break would be over soon and 
he didn't want to miss more school than he could avoid...But then another voice 
in his mind said that school was a waste of time anyway, now that he had his 
destiny written in the stars and was adored by female admirers.

	He thought some more, it was difficult to sort out his feelings about 
Ryoko and Ayeka.  There were a few times when he enjoyed it, and times when he 
felt like he was nothing more than a peice of meat to fight over. 

	And as if to drive this point home, Ryoko asked slyly "Quarters huh?  Are 
they co-ed?" shooting Tenchi a devilish grin.

	"Will you STOP THAT?" Ayeka demanded.  "The universe is about to be 
ravaged by war and all you can think about is...well..."

	"You're such a party pooper." Ryoko declared.  "There's always time for a 
little fun every now and then."

	Washu cleared her throat loudly and said, "Each of you has their own 
quarters.  And there will be NO sneaking into each other's rooms!        
   
	The gang stepped through the dimensional gateway and into a spacedock in 
some remote part of the galaxy.  It was a fairly small dock designed exclusively 
for one spacecraft.  The entire complex hummed with the sounds of machinery.  
Small robots of every design imaginable skittered or hovered around their 
stations.  A few hulking loader units lumbered near the "Spacelord" waiting to 
transfer any cargo aboard.  

	It was an impressive sight.  Ryo-oh-ki clung to Sasami's hair, frightened 
of the giant loaders.

	"No large cargo this time.  You are free to go." Washu said to the robots.

	They bowed slowly and left the vicinity of the launch pad.

	Washu smiled and noted "They're remarkably efficient but so SLOW.  I must 
correct that in the future."

	She led them up the gangplank into the "Spacelord" itself.  Its basic 
design resembled a standard-issue Galaxy Police patrol gunship, but was larger 
and looked almost ferocious in nature.  On the starboard side of the gunship was 
a painting of Washu in a bikini.  She was reclining and winking.

	Ryoko couldn't contain herself and dropped to the ground laughing.  

          "WHAT is so funny!" Washu demanded.

	The space pirate got back to her feet and said "Oh nothing, nothing at 
all.  You never cease to amaze me, Washu."

	The others tried desperately to stifle their laughter.  After the chaos 
subsided they entered the massive vessel.  At the front was the bridge and 
cockpit.  More robots manned that station.  Washu approached it and made some 
observations, checking various holo-charts and making sure their launch point 
was cleared.  

	Everyone was basically speechless until a cynical Charger stated "It needs 
more guns."

	"It has plenty, but most of them are hidden.  Now hurry up and get your 
quarters set up.  We launch in less than an hour."

	Everyone got set up in his or her quarters.  It wasn't long before the 
"Spacelord" left the docking bay and blasted into hyperspace.   It was a 
remarkably smooth ride.  There was no usual lurch when the craft lurched into 
the slipgate, only a brief roar and then the continuous hum of the hyperdrive 
engines. 

	Tenchi approached the bridge and looked through the viewscreen.  "It's 
hard to believe," he thought to himself.  "That we're going to another new 
planet.  I never would have believed this a year ago, and now I'm here.  I 
realize that I am the descendant of royalty AND I have beings from beyond the 
stars living in my house!  So much has changed."

	Ryoko came up next to him.  "I really wish you would have stayed home, but 
then I wouldn't be able to see you."

	"I guess it would be stupid to ask why."  Tenchi observed.

	"I just don't want you to get hurt." Ryoko said as she looked back toward 
the chamber corridor.  "And neither does Ayeka." She admitted.

	"But it is my responsibility." 

	"I don't care.  We shouldn't have to baby-sit the universe." Ryoko 
persisted.

	There was really nothing Tenchi could say.  "Thanks Ryoko." He said.  "It 
feels great to know that you care so much."

	Ryoko just leaned her head on his shoulder and watched the stars pass 
by...

	A few days passed rather uneventfully, but it would depend on what one 
would consider a day in hyperspace.  The hours seem to run together in an 
unending tunnel.  Some beings that travel in space often are already used to the 
odd change.  While others are always tired, not yet able to adjust themselves.

	The gang was soon on the final day of their journey.  They had all 
eventually awoken at what was considered "morning."  Even though no star was 
present to give them daylight.  They were timing their days by meals and by 
their physical needs.  For example, "night" was the period of time when they 
simply got tired and slept.  "Morning" took place after they had awaken and 
eaten the first meal of the "day".  "Afternoon" was the period of time that 
stretched between these two events.

	"Everyone take a seat" Washu said as she motioned to the chairs that had 
been provided on the bridge.  "We are about to approach Cybot-Galactican space.  
I thought you guys might want to see it.  There's just nothing that describes 
one of their fleets in action."

	Washu proved to be correct as they exited the hyperspace slipgate.  They 
were only at the Great Frontier and already space seemed congested with 
thousands of space vehicles.  Most of which were for supply and reconnaissance 
purposes.  There were some impressive looking war-cruisers that they noticed, 
but they were nowhere near as massive as the "DarkWraith",the hostile ship that 
they had encountered as they defended Earth from an alien onslaught.

	"Perhaps arriving at the Great Frontier wasn't such a good idea." Ayeka 
suggested.  "We'll have to pass through a great amount of inspections and 
confirmation codes in order to reach the Homeworld."

	"We might, but anyone who doesn't check in at the Frontier can be 
prosecuted for violating Cybot-Galactican space." Washu replied.  "Hey, no one 
said this was gonna be easy."

	"It never is." Tenchi observed.  "But we still have to do this."

	Charger looked out at the giant war-cruisers.  His eyes were wide and his 
grin was from ear-to-ear.  "See Washu, look at those ships.  They have ZILLIONS 
of guns, no one would dare screw around with those ships!  Why can't the 
'Spacelord' have more guns?  You have the tech-skill and the resources, so why 
not do it?"

	An irritated Washu sighed and muttered "Probably because if we entered 
Cybot-Galactican territories looking like a bunch of psychotic hell raisers we'd 
be pelted with laser blasts until we have a radiation content equal to that of a 
supernova!  THINK!"

	"Okay, I get it."  Charger replied finally.

	"Well, at least you didn't ask to paint it pink or something else Mihoshi 
would say." The genius replied.

	Charger looked at Tenchi with a question written on his face.  "Mihoshi is 
a Galaxy Police Detective that we see every now and then.  She's a little on the 
clueless side."  The young man explained.

	Charger nodded and turned his attention back to the giant war cruisers.
	
	"Miss Washu, we're receiving a hail from the warship 'Quasar'."  A small 
robot at the helm reported "Shall I put the communication on the main screen?"

   	"Yeah sure, let's get through the red tape as quickly as possible." Washu 
replied.

	A large holo-screen appeared at the helm.  The image on it was rather 
imposing. The commander of the "Quasar" was large in stature, as were most 
Cybot-Galactican soldiers.  He had similar armor to Commander Kalrak, with giant 
plates covering the major sections of the body (chest, arms etc...) over a black 
jumpsuit.  The armor had spikes and streaks like most high-ranking officers, but 
they were smaller and less in number.  His metallic ponytail was also not as 
large, but interestingly enough, it was laced with tiny black gems, which was 
probably a gift from a loved one.  

	His red visor stared down at them.  He spoke with a stone cold edge of 
authority in his voice.

	"This is Commander Zersis of the 'Quasar', flagship of the Dark Angels 
Mobile Force.  Please relay your identification and business here." The large 
robot stated. 

	Washu took a breath and replied "I am Professor Washu of the Universal 
Science Academy.  My companions and myself have important information to present 
to your military leaders."

	"Transmit it to me and I'll see to it that it is sent to the proper 
departments." Zersis said.

	"I'm aware that all information of such importance goes through patroller 
fleets first, but this matter also requires our presence to explain any details.  
We must deliver the message personally."  Washu persisted.

	Zersis looked skeptical (for a robot at least) and observed at all the 
passengers aboard the "Spacelord".  They all looked a little unscrupulous, 
especially the blue guy with the long spiked hair.

	Then Zersis noticed a young lady near the back, sitting next to a boy 
about her age and another young woman with peircing gold eyes.  Her hair was 
long and purple.  Underneath the rather long bangs, he noticed a Juraian royal 
headpiece.  

	That was Princess Ayeka of the Jurai Kingdom!  Perhaps this was something 
they needed to take care of personally after all.  Maybe they were going to the 
Robot Master himself, Lord Cybrid X!  

	Deciding that angering guests of the Robot Master would not look good on 
his service record, Zersis said, "You may pass, but only with fighter escort.  
There have been rebellious uprisings as of late, and interplanetary travel is 
dangerous.     

	"I thank you.  Ending transmission."  

	The "Spacelord" suddenly found itself flanked by starfighters. They bore 
the squadron crests that they were assigned and were colored a very dark shade 
of blue.  They resembled trident blades,having a long, narrow body and large 
wings jutting out of the side.  

	The starfighters flew around them remarkably fast, like moths to a flame.  
The robots at the "Spacelord's" helm gunned the powerful engines, and the craft 
went blasting off in the direction of planet Cybot-Galactic.

	~A FEW HOURS LATER~

	The crew found themselves in a spaceport at the planetary capital of 
Cybot-Galactic: Axonis.  To say where it was in relation to the rest of the city 
would prove difficult.  Everywhere they looked, metal structures shot into the 
sky, much taller than any building on Earth or Jurai.  Hovercraft of every 
imaginable size and shape went to and fro to their destinations.  Everything 
about the planet seemed HUGE.  It was all so much to take in, the unending ocean 
of blinding light and shimmering steel.

	Tenchi whistled softly as he took in the impressive sights.  "How are we 
going to find our way through all THIS?"

	"There are turbolift terminals, aircars, teleportation chambers and the 
occasional guides to help us reach the Hall of the Robot Master." Princess Ayeka 
said.

	"OR, we could just head for the biggest building we find." Charger added.

	Ayeka paused for a few seconds.  "That's true, actually."

	"Let's just get there.  I would like to meet this 'Robot Master' in 
person.  He must be one helluva leader if he can manage all of this." Charger 
muttered.

	"It could be a 'she', you know." Sasami spoke up.

	"Genders in a roboticized world?  I dunno..." Washu said.  "Could they be 
THAT advanced?"

	"I wouldn't be surprised.  Only the soldier-class Galacticans are equipped 
with the bulky armor.  The other citizens are partially biomechanical, so 
reproduction rather than construction of new units is the norm.  At least that's 
what I understand from reference holos." Ayeka said.

	"Now that's something I'd like to talk about all day long." Tenchi 
muttered, his face looking somewhat ill.

	They took the lift terminal to an aircar docking facility.  From there 
they boarded an aircar that would take them to Sector 1 of Axonis.  Sector 1 was 
where the Great Hall was located, as well as many other key facilities in the 
Empire.  Needless to say it was VERY heavily fortified.  Soldier units swarmed 
all over the sector.  Forcefield barriers were a common sight, and automatic 
laser turrets were mounted in various places.

	As the aircar made the approach to the final sensor station, Professor 
Washu said to a unit who was obviously a high-ranking officer "I have top-
priority information to give to the Robot Master."

	"Yes, I am aware of that."  The robot said.  "We have been sent the 
advance notice from the Dark Angels Mobile Assault Force.  All formalities are 
taken care of.  If you will accompany me, I shall bring you to meet the Robot 
Master."

	They entered the gigantic Hall.  As Tenchi looked around, he thought, "The 
only reason we're taken seriously is probably due to Princess Ayeka's presence.  
I hope the 'Robot Master' will listen to us."

	The Great Hall was decorated wall-to-wall with the history of Cybot-
Galactic and the lineage of the title 'Robot Master.'  Ancient murals telling of 
heroes that had passed away millennia ago stood side by side with more modern 
holo-specs of the later Robot Masters.  There were hundreds of records in 
various display cases of many things, such as kill records, military 
accomplishments, and advancements made in culture.

	While Tenchi, Nobiyuki and the others continued to walk, Washu came upon a 
particularly interesting scroll that seemed VERY ancient.

	-HISTORY OF THE ETERNALLY GLORIOUS CYBOT GALCTIC EMPIRE-
    
	"The beginning of our mighty race was an evolution from the organic to the 
synthetic.  Billions of years ago the Cybot-Galacticans were nothing more than a 
society of primitive farmers with little organization.  Our ancestors were 
plagued with territorial conflicts that destroyed many historical artifacts and 
documents.   It was not until 2,000 standard years before the Grand Evolution 
that we had achieved a unified planet.  This unification gave way to the 
Dailkith Wars (Dailkith meaning 'slaughter' in the old language.) The two major 
sides were mighty clans: the Sorilan and the Ildatch clans.  They were drawn 
into conflict over a conspiracy of who would be the new Emperor of the unified 
planet.  Both were noble clans and claimed to be the rightful rulers of Cybot-
Galactic.  War broke out in the Eastern Lands when soldiers from the Ildatch 
blocked Sorilan settlers from passing through the mountains.  Allies were 
rallied from both sides, and the Dailkith Wars began.  300 year!
s passed before the Ildatch finally took the Lord Sorilan's fief and killed most 
of the Sorilan nobles.  This event was considered the end of the Dailkith Wars.  
The estimated death toll was in the millions, and the entire planet was in 
ruins.  After the war, there was a period of time that is considered the Dark 
Ages.  Much of our history becomes mysterious and indistinct from legend.  We do 
know however, that The Great Vailekyrth rose to power in what remained of the 
military.  Outshining his rivals, he led a coup d'etat that ousted the 
territorial rulers with minimal conflict.  Vailekyrth's first act as the new 
planetary ruler was to commence the Grand Evolution...a glorious turning point 
in which we combined our organic bodies with the logic and power of 
cybertechnology.  There was little resistance, and we soon became the great 
Empire that we are today.  Vailekyrth took the title of 'Robot Master' and 
declared that the greatest warrior in the Empire's military shall take !
the title 'Robot Master' when he had ceased functioning.  There have been 
periods where one family group had reigned for hundreds of centuries at a time, 
and there have also been occasions where the throne would switch families each 
time the new 'Robot Master' was given the ceremonial 'Legacy Sword'.  But one 
thing unites every Cybot-Galactican...our undying pride and fighting spirit.  
Long live the Empire!"            

	After quickly reading the scroll, Washu quickened her pace and caught up 
with the others.  They met two units who wore different armor than the others.  
The crest of the reigning Robot Master was painted on their chestplates: It was 
a large gold 'X' written in standard script with a large shield behind it.

	These units also seemed larger and more heavily armed than the officer 
that was escorting Tenchi and crew towards the main chamber.  They were most 
likely members of the Iron Legion Chapter: the Robot Master's elite guards     

	The officer presented them with identification and a priority access 
datapad, the guards parted and the massive door swung open.

	The throne room was also gigantic.  But the gang wasn't focused on the 
surroundings, they were looking at the Robot Master...

	They had expected him to be one of those hulking armored creatures that 
made up most of the soldier-class, but he was different.  It was true that he 
had large, elaborately decorated armor plating and the "Legacy Sword" hung on a 
rack over the throne, but the similarities between him and the other warriors 
ended there.  Instead of a war-helmet he had long hair that was the color of 
pure sunlight.  His eyes were a gray-blue that seemed to flicker.  His facial 
features were chiseled and masculine but not imposing.  He was not of a large 
build either, but rather average sized.  

	He stood and said in a voice that was deep for someone of his stature, 
"Welcome, I am Cybrid X: Robot Master of Cybot-Galactica.  Whom do I have the 
honor of addressing?"

	Introductions were made, and X looked at Princess Ayeka and Sasami.

	"You two have grown significantly since I last saw you with Emperor Azusa 
at the Conference of Etharin.  It looks like this vacation has done a world of 
good for you both."

 	X turned his attention to the others.  "I apologize in advance for not 
letting you engage in rest period, but I don't think this information can 
wait...especially during this volatile time period."

	Nobiyuki thought, "As if I could sleep at a place like this."

	Princess Ayeka drew a breath and told Cybrid X everything that had 
happened.  She told him of the Mobile Marauders attacking them, the data they 
had gotten from them, the strike fleet and its flagship the 'DarkWraith', and 
eventually, their destruction.

	"So you have reason to believe that the attackers were Cybot-Galacticans?" 
X asked. 

	"Yes, Washu and myself can confirm that the internal generators were of 
your manufacture, but they were also modified." Ayeka replied.  
	"I have holo-schematics to support this." Washu said as she typed up a 
command on her laptop.  The schematic appeared before them all.  If this 
disturbed X, he clearly did not show it.  He remained emotionless throughout the 
presentation.

	"This is sufficient evidence.  The generators were modified so that the 
soldiers need significantly less recharge time." He said.  

	"We have also been able to decode their instructions."  Washu said as she 
produced a separate datapad for him.  "If you would be so kind as to look this 
over, it would answer more than we ever could."

	X did so as the script on the datapad flashed by quickly.

	"You have been very thorough.  I shall explain to you the situation facing 
us."

	The Robot Master paused, and then spoke in a voice with ageless wisdom 
despite his youthful appearance.  

	"We are at war with our own kind.  This is unheard of on most Class VII 
planets, but it is true.  To be specific, we are fighting a separatist group 
that is composed primarily of elite warriors from both the Space Navy and Mobile 
Infantry.  Under normal circumstances, we would permit such a group to exist if 
they were seeking peaceful autonomy, but that is hardly the case.  These 
terrorists are bent on overthrowing the government.  After that, they want to 
invade the Jurai Kingdom...only Vailekyrth knows where their ambitions will 
cease.

	"Earth is also threatened." Tenchi said.  "When our government has no 
knowledge of either the Juraians or the Cybot-Galacticans."

	A slight display of emotion became present on Cybrid's face.  "I can 
assure you that your planet will not be harmed.  Nor will Jurai.  Their reign of 
terror shall end now.  Since we have this new information we can launch our 
attacks with additional precision."

   	"Is there anything else you can tell us?" Charger asked.

	"Yes, this terrorist organization operates from a location called 'Warrior 
Forge.'  We know that it is located somewhere around the Vega star system, but 
we've had no success in finding their main base of operations."

   	"Do you know who the actual leader of this rebellion is?" Ayeka asked

	"All too well..."

	"He is Ganelon: Ex-Commander in Chief of the Iron Legion."

	Ayeka spoke up.  "Why would your most trusted aide be plotting against 
you?  Has he no sense of duty or obligation?"

	"He used to." Cybrid replied. "When I first assumed the throne almost 200 
years ago, I had appointed him to be my top soldier.  He was an incredible 
warrior and a legend in the Mobile Infantry.  He had accepted the position with 
utmost pride, and served faithfully until not long ago, when we had made the 
alliance with Jurai, he had approached me and insisted that The Empire was 
becoming weak, and the Juraians were to blame.  He spoke with such contempt for 
the Juraians merely because they had not yet evolved enough to incorporate 
cybernetics into their bodies."

	There were a few seconds of silence...

	"I told him that I would have no part in his plans, and discharged him the 
next day.  I was then met with the resignation of several key officers and many 
soldiers of both the MI and the Space Navy who were loyal to Ganelon.  This set 
off a chain of events.  Ganelon and his followers managed to steal ships and 
weaponry, but mostly raided scrap yards.  Due to their ingenuity, they have 
created a fleet to use against us.  They may not have the advantage in numbers 
or technology, but they are still a force to be reckoned with."

	"What can we do to help you?" Tenchi asked.

	"You don't want to be involved." X replied.  

	"A little late for that." Charger interrupted.  "You might have listed in 
your records the destruction of a stolen assault cruiser, the 'DarkWraith', 
right?"

	X looked at the Mystic.  "We do."

	"We are the ones who destroyed it." Charger said.

	"I find that hard to believe."

	"Not when you have all Seven Mystics and a superpowered attack craft."

	"I suppose it would be possible.  I've heard the legends." X admitted.  
"But I am reluctant to have any outsiders join me and my forces in battle.  This 
situation is already critical enough."

	"Listen, we're quite familiar with your planet's military capabilities." 
Ayeka said.  "But if Ganelon's forces are as organized as you say, your forces 
will need all the help you can get."

 	"Actually, it seems that he has the advantage." Ryoko noted.  "His fleet 
may be less in number, but that means it can be more mobile than your own 
forces.  Ganelon also has surprise in his favor.  Hell, you don't even know 
where his base of operations is.  I'd say you need our help."

	"Point taken..." X said finally.

	"I shall contact the Imperial Command on Jurai and request that their 
forces support our own on the front lines.  Perhaps I can also find a place for 
you all to fill.  As you can imagine, we are experiencing a personnel shortage."

	"Thank you, Robot Master." Ayeka said as she bowed formally.

	"We'll do all we can." Tenchi added.

	"I shall have my aides escort you to the guest quarters.  I hope you will 
find the facilities suitable to your needs."

	~LATER~

	The guest chambers were not overly elaborate, but they were pleasant and 
comfortable.  Everyone set their luggage down but didn't bother to unpack.  They 
had been informed that the Robot Master would be personally working alongside 
them, and would be ready to deploy on a moment's notice.

	Ryoko, Ayeka, Tenchi and Charger would be going into battle.  Sasami and 
Nobiyuki were supposed to remain at the stronghold, but they had both insisted 
on being as close to the battle as possible so that they could see how the 
others were doing, and Washu would be lending her brilliant mind to the crew of 
the Cybot-Galactican flagship "Monolith".  

	Now came the agonizing wait for battle...

	~THAT NIGHT~

	Charger was among the first to fall asleep, but even this offered no 
peace.

	In his dream, he found himself floating in darkness, somehow outside of 
his own existence.  He saw, but he didn't see.  He heard, but there was no 
sound, until the voices came.  There were only a few of them at first, but then 
the noise increased.  Soon he found himself in the middle of a deafening torrent 
of whispers.

	Suddenly, as if a great ocean had washed them away, the voices began to 
fade.  The darkness was replaced by fire, and the voices were replaced with 
corpses.  There were dead bodies as far as the eye could see.  Fresh blood 
flowed from open, festering wounds.

	And then came the figure in the distance.

	"Wha...WHO ARE YOU??" Charger shouted as he found himself back in his own 
body.

	"I am the Prophet of Death.  I shall soon announce the downfall of your 
miserable worlds."

	"WHAT?" 

	"This universe is on the verge of a temporal displacement, and it will be 
the masses that fall prey to the repercussions.  Those unnamed faceless 
billions.  They will all be destroyed in the most horrific holocaust ever.  And 
we shall rise from it, to create our own universe." The creature intoned.  Its 
voice was like an earthquake in his ears.

	"What the HELL are you talking about???"

	"We shall burn that oppose us to ashes, and you shall be the one to carry 
the torch.  Behold, the Dark Mystic has returned."

	Charger's eyes snapped open.  His heart pounded like a sledgehammer.  It 
was all a dream, but deep down inside, he felt a horrible sense of fear and 
loss.

	He knew that while they were here on Cybot-Galactic, something lurked in 
the dark spaces between the stars.  Waiting for him. 

	He knew that it wanted to draw him out, he knew that millions of sentient 
beings met their end as the creature spoke those last words.  The holocaust it 
referred to was happening somewhere in the universe at that moment.

	But what he didn't know was when he would meet this creature.  But once he 
did, his life would come to a fork in the proverbial road. From here on in, his 
decisions would affect an entire universe, and his life as a warrior.

	Charger looked around as the others slept soundly, blanketed in darkness.

	He felt pity for them and for the rest of reality...