            Supercharged Tenchi Muyo!
                       Part 1

	Disclaimer: All characters from Tenchi Muyo are 
copyright of AIC and Pioneer.  Charger and the Mystics
are copyright of me because I created them.  If you use 
this story on your webpage, please give me the proper 
credit.  

	Warning: There are religious references in this 
series.  If such offends you, read no further.  However, 
these references are critical for the background of 
this story.  And I'm not trying to shove any beliefs 
down anyone's throat.  Also, I'm not familiar with 
every aspect of Japanese culture so don't diss me if I 
misinterperet certain things.

	The war between the forces of good and the 
forces of evil has waged eternally.  Throughout time,
the battlefields have changed.  But the prize has always 
been the same: Total annihilation of the enemy, and the 
immortal soul.  
	
	Warriors from both sides have played important 
roles in this Great War.  One of these warriors is 
Nebulon: A general in the soldiers of Heaven.  Many 
centuries ago, he was tasked to train eight up-and-
coming apprentices in the arts of magic and warfare to 
help protect the universe against Satan and his 
innumerable demon hordes.  Seven of these apprentices 
showed remarkable power, but one rebelled and began 
practicing the art of black magic.  This dark warrior 
was cast into Hell and hasn't been seen since.

	This story focuses on one of those seven Mystics 
and how he came to reside with Tenchi Masaki and crew.  
His name is Charger, the youngest and least disciplined 
of the mages.  He controls the power of lightning and 
shows fantastic potential, but is more interested in 
constructing mind-boggling technology from various 
scrap he has collected in his journeys.

	Like the other Mystics, he must gain the right 
to become a full-fledged Light Warrior and serve in 
God's armies.  Unlike the other Mystics, he has not yet 
gained this right.  

	Our story begins at a place called the Holy 
Crucible: A training ground for the seven Mystics that 
exists between our dimension and subspace.  We find that
it looks very similar to the highlands and forests of 
Northwestern Europe.  We find gentle, rolling hills, 
rushing rives, immense trees, and the occasional 
strange architecture. 

	Charger leaned on the rail overlooking the 
bridge and the rushing river that was a good distance 
below.  He wasn't afraid of heights at all, at least 
not since he had learned how to use his inner power 
to fly.  And fly fast he did, going at speeds faster 
than almost any conventional fighter anywhere in the 
universe at sublight speed.  But he still wasn't sure 
that he was ready to complete the final test that would 
end his apprenticeship.  It was a big responsibility 
fighting against the hordes of Hell.  Charger wasn't 
even sure if he really was a fighter at heart.  He 
paid more attention to his inventions than he did the 
battle tactics that Nebulon taught them.  

	He was so unlike the others.  They knew their 
purpose and refined their powers.  Each of them had a 
Power Rating over 10,000...a class A level.  Charger was
still at 7,000.  But he kept being told that if he would 
simply focus he could prove that he was worthy to wield 
the legendary "Chaos Blade".  

 	The young Mystic tossed a few rocks into the 
river and sighed.  What WAS his purpose?

	He sensed another presence and as if to 
punctuate this another Mystic joined him on the bridge.  
She was a gorgeous female about Charger's age.  Her name 
was Siela, the fire mage.  Her skin was a reddish color 
true to her power, as was her wild hair.  She wore a 
short black top and baggy pants.  Charger remembered 
when she earned her right to be a full-fledged warrior.  
And now it was his turn.

	"You're nervous, aren't you?" she asked him.  

	"Me?  Oh no, heck no.  I've been waiting for 
this moment forever!" Charger lied.

	"No you haven't.  I remember when you kept 
saying 'I'm gonna fail.  I'm gonna fail' a few days back." 
Siela observed.  "Charger, we've been the closest of 
freinds ever since we first started the training.  If 
you wanna tell me something, go right ahead.  I'm always
willing to listen."

	Charger's normally pale blue complexion turned 
an interesting shade of red.  "Thanks Siela.  I really 
appreciate everything you've done for me.  I just don't 
think I'm cut out to go kill demons." He admitted.  
"I'm trying to live up to the legacy that everyone says 
I'm supposed to obtain but I just don't know."

	He looked at her, expecting a reaction.  Siela 
just smiled.  "Whatever happens, I think you'll 
eventually find what you're looking for.  And who knows?  
Your answer might be in an unexpected place." She said.

	The fire mage tousled Charger's spiky hair and 
said, "Better get going, you have to meet up with Syris 
over at the arena.  Nebulon's gonna give you your 
assignment there.  Good luck, I'll be waiting for you." 
With that she disappeared in a column of fire.  Charger 
floated up into the air and blasted away in the 
direction of the combat arena.

	~LATER~

	Charger shot Syris a look of defiance as he entered 
the combat arena.  Syris was the mage of light, and 
had a Power Rating off the scale.  He had a giant white 
cloak with archaic red script on the center.  Under 
the cloak was a full Light Warrior uniform.  He would 
leave the Holy Crucible soon to command a battalion in 
the Armies of Heaven.  He already was powerful enough 
to match the strongest of Heaven's warriors.  But he 
promised to stay and see Charger's training through.  
Next to him was the Guardian himself...Nebulon.

	Nebulon was a towering figure.  Standing a good 
50 feet in the air, all of his features were covered 
with a massive cloak.  Only his piercing white eyes 
could be seen through his hood.  

	"The time has come for you to begin your final 
test, Charger.  Your mission is more difficult than the 
ones I have assigned to the others in the past.  You 
will be tasked with hunting down and killing a target." 
Nebulon instructed.  His booming voice like the clap 
of thunder.

	"What target would that be?" Charger asked.

	"Your target is the demoness Ryoko." Nebulon 
replied.

	"Ryoko?"

	Syris shook his head.  "Haven't you been reading
Galaxy Police reports?  She's an A-1 class criminal.  
She's been accused of several counts of piracy, murder 
and senseless destruction.  Until now, we haven't 
interfered with anything because she was not a major 
threat.  Now she is, shall we say, relaxing for a time."
Syris gestured in Charger's direction.  "You will be 
the one to take her out.  This will be the perfect 
time for a surprise attack."

	"Now WAIT a second!" Charger spat.  "As much as 
I hate to admit it, Ryoko could kick my ass up around my 
ears!!!  There's no WAY that I can come back out of this 
one alive."

	Nebulon crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes.  
"Yes, well that's very observant of you, Charger.  I 
suppose you'll have to learn how to control your powers 
and use them to your full potential if you want to 
survive."

 	"That's not FAIR!!" Charger shouted.  

	"Perhaps not.  But you never bothered paying 
attention during your lessons here.  I think some 
advanced field training will shape you into the 
fighter that we all know you can be." The Guardian 
replied.  

	Charger was about to say something but didn't.  
Nebulon wasn't someone you wanted to make angry.  He 
sighed and said "Fine, I'll do it."

	"I thought you would." Nebulon said with almost 
a hint of whimsy.  "Do you remember how to planeshift?"

	Charger nodded.

	"Well at least you aren't a total loss.  Your 
test begins tomorrow morning.  Get plenty of rest, I 
think you will need it."  

	Charger scowled at Syris and Nebulon.  He 
launched into the sky and headed back to his bunk.  

	~THE NEXT DAY~

	Charger packed up all of his supplies in his 
"Bag of Death" and brought his swordarm with him.  
Strapping on a battle armor that he had been working on 
for a while, the lightning mage headed back to the 
arena.  His fellow warriors waited for him. 
Tempest: the wind mage, Cosmo: the galactic mage, 
Alice: the ice mage, Nameria: the earth mage, 
Siela: the fire mage and Syris: the light mage.

	They all threw him a salute as he planeshifted 
away...

	~EARTH:  A RESIDENCE IN THE OKAYAMA MOUNTAINS~

  	The summer sun beat down upon the Masaki 
residence like a blazing inferno.  No one dared exert 
themselves too much because they probably wouldn't last 
long.  Even with the raw power that some of the 
residents possessed.  Tenchi Masaki made sure he got 
up early to do his chores while it was dark and cool.  
Now he had plenty of time to relax.  The morning passed
uneventfully...well...almost.

	One couldn't forget that the universe's most 
dangerous space pirate, a brilliant super-scientist and 
two members of an alien monarchy lived there.  
Detectives from the Galaxy Police would often visit as 
well.  So life at this house was almost never 
"uneventful".

	Tenchi adjusted his shades as he stretched out 
in his lounge chair, he hoped like crazy that his 
grandfather didn't get some stupid idea like sword 
training or extra chores in this weather.  

	He laughed to himself.  Even Yosho probably 
had enough sense not to test his abilities now and risk 
heat stroke.

	A shadow caught his attention.  He could 
probably guess what was coming up next.  He removed his 
shades at found the charming face of Ryoko looking down
at him.  Smiling.

	And very, very close.

	"Hi Tenchi!" she greeted cheerily.  "Do you 
wanna go swimming with me??"

	 Tenchi knew what that meant.  Ryoko would end 
up trying to make him skinny-dip or something.  It 
wasn't that he hated her or didn't want her around.  In
fact he kind of enjoyed her company.  It was just that 
he wasn't QUITE that ready to go so fast with her or 
any of his admirers.  While Ayeka and Sasami were never 
as open as Ryoko or Washu, they adored him and he knew 
it.  

	He knew his mother would probably turn his ear 
swollen by yelling at him so much over not paying 
attention to any of the girls, but he really had no 
idea how to deal with this.  Before he had opened the 
shrine, he had gone out with a few girls but they were 
nowhere near as captivated by him as these girls were.

	They probably weren't very captivated at all.

	"Uh...n-no thanks Ryoko" Tenchi managed to 
stammer.  A large sweatdrop appeared on the back of his 
head.  

 	"Awwww!  Why not, Tenchiiiiiiii?  It must be hot
 out here, why don't you want to cool off with me?" 
Ryoko asked.  She tried to sound as innocent as possible.

	Tenchi tilted his head a little bit.  "Because I 
see the handcuffs and lotions you're hiding behind your 
back." He stated.

	Ryoko's eyes bugged and she quickly threw the 
items away.  "I don't know WHAT you're talking about.  
Have you been digging through your father's dirty videos 
or something?"  She said with mock indignance.  "I would
NEVER force you into doing something you didn't want!"

	Tenchi blinked.  "Uh...thanks"

	Ryoko snorted and disappeared.

	Tenchi decided to get up and walk around.  He 
suddenly found himself sweating to death and it had 
nothing to do with the summertime heat...

	When he got up he heard a perplexed "Huh?" and 
found Sasami holding the items and looking at them 
quizzically.

	"Ehh...Sasami??  Where did you get those?" 
Tenchi asked.

	"What, these?  She said holding up the handcuffs 
and lotions.  "I found them strewn across the porch 
doorway.  What are they for?" she asked.

	"Um.  Nothing, nothing at all!" Tenchi lied as 
he grabbed the stuff and threw it away.  

	Sasami shook her head.  "You sure are weird 
Tenchi.  But that's why I like you!!" the young girl 
smiled.

	"Thanks Sasami." Tenchi replied.  He didn't 
know whether to smile or be insulted.  

	Sasami laughed.  "Oh, by the way.  I made some
noodles.  Would you go get everyone and tell them that 
lunch is ready?" she asked.

	"Sure."  Tenchi replied.  "I don't think Washu 
will be out, though.  She was up all night working on 
some secret invention, so she'll probably be asleep for 
most of the day." 

	Sasami shook her head.  "Washu really shouldn't 
keep doing that.  It's not healthy!"

	"I'll tell her that when I see her." Tenchi said.  
"But I doubt she'll listen."

	Tenchi left to go tell everyone that lunch was 
ready.

	A good distance away, a lithe figure hiding the 
shadows ignites his blade.  It is a scimitar-shaped 
blade that seems to be made out of pure light.  
He scans the house looking for the space pirate to show \
up.  He knows that he'll eventually get a clean shot, 
but he must remain patient and vigilant for that 
opportunity.

	Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Nobiyuki and 
Yosho all had a picnic lunch.  Even everyone's red-
haired mad scientist summoned the energy to eat.  She 
really didn't look tired at all.  But then again, she 
didn't look 50,000 years old either.

	"So what are your working on this time, Washu?" 
Sasami asked.

	"Well, I can't give you ALL the details of it 
yet but I can tell you this.  IT'S THE GREATEST 
INVENTION I'VE EVER MADE!!!  It will revolutionize the 
space travel industry!" Washu declared as she sipped 
her tea.  
       
	"We should have known.  The Prometheus-XII 
propulsion engine" Ayeka whispered to Ryoko.

	"I hope it doesn't blow up like the last 11 
models." Ryoko replied.

	"Tell me, Washu." Nobiyuki spoke up. "Why are 
you so secretive about your inventions?"  

	"Because if the Universal Science Academy's 
Board of Safety ever finds out they'll probably know 
where to find me.  If they can't find me they'll 
probably interrogate you for information on the device.  
And I can assure you it wouldn't be pleasant.  BUT, if 
you don't KNOW about it, you can't TELL them anything 
REGARDLESS of what they do."  Washu answered.

	Nobiyuki was quiet for a while, and then said, 
"They can do that?"

	"Yup!"  Washu agreed as she finished up her 
noodles.

	"That's sick.  It sounds like something straight
out of X-Files." he concluded.

	Thunder sounded in the distance.

	"Wha?  It's the middle of the afternoon why 
would it rain?" Tenchi asked no one in particular.

	Lightning flashed, a small being materialized 
not 5 meters away from everyone.  He had pale blue 
skin, blue eyes, and spiky hair.  In his hand was a 
glowing scimitar.  He wore an odd combat armor.  
He pulled some sort of dossier out and looked at them.

	No one moved, no one breathed.

	"Just who the HELL are you supposed to be?" 
Ryoko demanded, breaking the silence.

	"You're Ryoko?" the being asked.

	"That's right.  Why do you wanna know?"

	"Aw, that's too bad.  I didn't want to do this 
in the first place, now I find out you're a cute girl 
and I still have to carry out my assignment.  That makes 
me so mad!"

	"What are you talking about?" Ryoko asked.

	The being narrowed his eyes as he moved his 
swordarm into the en-garde position.  "I'm supposed 
to kill you.  You see, you have committed many crimes 
against the universe.  They have gone unpunished for 
too long.  I am here to act as judge, jury and yes...
executioner."

	Ryoko didn't flinch in the slightest.  
Even though she felt immense power coming from him.  
"Who sent you?" She asked

	"Nebulon: The Great Guardian of the Universe 
sent me.  Allow me to introduce myself.  I am 
Charger, the mage of lightning."

	"I don't care what your name is." Ryoko 
spat.  "You're going to die anyway."

	Charger laughed softly.  "I doubt that.  
Defend yourself!"

	A nimbus of white light suddenly surrounded 
the young Mystic.  Then he dashed in her direction 
wildly swinging the blade.  His speed was astounding 
but he missed by a few inches.  Ryoko summoned her 
blade and counter-attacked.  Charger parried the 
blow recklessly.  He was shocked at how strong she was.

	"Tenchi!  Get everyone somewhere safe!!  
I'll handle this guy!" Ryoko shouted as Charger 
slashed at her again.

	"No, Ryoko I'm staying with you!" Tenchi 
replied.  

	"And I will defend Tenchi as long as he 
fights." Ayeka declared.

	"This is my fight.  I'll be right with you 
guys...I promise." Ryoko stated.  An uncommon serious 
edge was present in her voice.  

	A moment of silence passed.  Even Charger 
stopped dead in his tracks interested to know how 
sub-dimensional beings interacted.  There was obviously 
something here that was stronger than mere 
comradeship...

	Ayeka grabbed Tenchi by the arm.  "Quickly, 
Lord Tenchi.  We must see everyone to safety!"

	The young man, reluctant to abandon Ryoko, 
finally went with the others to prepare for the worst.  
If Ryoko lost the battle, there's no telling what might 
happen next.  But regardless of what Charger planned 
to do with them they had to be ready.

	With pure speed and raw power as his only 
advantages, Charger continued his attack.  The biting 
edge of the "Chaos Blade" never made any lethal cuts 
when it managed to evade Ryoko's own beam saber.  The 
space pirate however, had more luck in getting some 
good hits in.  Charger found out that his armor only 
offered a thin veil of protection to her wrath.

	Charger threw a blast of lightning at Ryoko.  
It was as powerful as he could possibly make under 
such dire circumstances.  One second's hesitation 
could mean death.

	He was surprised when she emerged from the 
smoking crater.  She was scuffed but not critically 
injured in the least.

	The space pirate retaliated with her own 
fireball attack.  Charger could only dodge.  The ones 
he tried to block with the "Chaos Blade" hit so hard 
he felt like his arms would be wrenched off.

	Ryoko smashed Charger into the ground.  The 
Mystic used every ounce of strength to fly up and 
somehow hit Ryoko.  Before Ryoko could reverse the 
attack, Charger smashed into her and both combatants 
went careening into a bunch of trees.

	Both were down and sore all over, but neither 
one was unconscious.  Charger found Ryoko sprawled out 
on top of him struggling to get back up.

	"Hmm.  Maybe I could get used to this." He said, 
noticing how close she was.

	From nowhere, Ryoko brought her blade inches 
away from Charger's neck.  The mystic's own swordarm 
was in his hand but he couldn't try anything without 
being decapitated.  

	"You pervert." Ryoko shot back.  

	Charger gulped "You're right, that was uncalled 
for.  I'm sorry, really!  I surrender!" he said, 
putting his hands in the air.   

	Ryoko floated up.  She didn't bother to try 
standing.  "I think you're worthy of being spared.  
It would be a shame to kill such a young fighter with 
so much potential."

	Charger sat up and shook his head.  "You sound 
just like Nebulon.  And I am NOT just a kid!" he shouted,
referring to her last remark.  "I'm 900 years old but 
everyone still treats me like I have a class-D Power 
Rating."

	Ryoko pinched his cheek "But you're such a CUTE 
li'l zappy man wit' big spiky hair!" she said in a 
baby voice just to annoy him.

	"Cut that out!" Charger whined.  

	"Sorry, I couldn't resist."  Ryoko apologized.  
"Can you stand?"

	"I can fly.  I think I'm too busted up to stand 
right now." The Mystic admitted.

	"Okay.  Well I think Washu can fix you up."  
She said as the two flew back to the house.

	"You said your name was 'Charger'?" Ryoko asked 
after a few silent moments.

	"Yes, that's my name." Charger answered.

	"Well, Charger.  Welcome to Earth..."

	Note from the Author: Well that's the first part
of the story.  I plan to turn this into a series with
Charger as an addition to the crew.  So long for now, 
and remember: Don't ever throw hand grenades at a wedding.  
Flowers are more appropriate.  	

  

 


 


  



 
   






 
  


  