                Supercharged Tenchi Muyo!
                         Part 4

	Disclaimer: All characters from Tenchi Muyo are 
copyright of AIC and Pioneer.  Charger and the Mystics are 
copyright of me because I created them.  If you use this 
story on your webpage, please give me the proper credit.  

Warning: There are religious references in this series.  
If such offends you, read no further.  However, these 
references are important for the background of this story.  
And I'm not trying to shove any beliefs down anyone's 
throat.  Also, I'm not very familiar with every aspect of 
Japanese culture so don't diss me if I misinterpret certain 
things.

	"Tenchi!  Have you seen Charger around recently?" 
Nobiyuki asked his son.

	"Um, nope.  Last time I saw him, he was out in 
the woods somewhere.  Said he had some 'special training' 
to do." He replied.  

	"Well, guess I have to track him down.  Get your 
gear together, we're going to the beach!"

	Tenchi scratched his head.  That probably meant the 
girls were going as well.  Going to the beach with them was 
both a blessing and a curse.  They ALWAYS doted on him and 
*competed* against each other in various ways.  It was 
funny how one would think that this was the greatest thing 
to ever happen to a guy.  Tenchi thought it was a 
double-edged sword.

	Nobiyuki wandered around in the woods for a while 
looking for the young Mystic.  He never really liked 
going deep into the woods.  Creatures could jump out at 
any minute...

	He found a shirtless Charger doing pull-ups on a 
tree branch.  The sweat drenched his muscles and made 
them stand out even more.  His face wore a look of almost 
obsessive determination.

	Before Nobiyuki could say anything, Charger 
explained.  "My body is caged in this dimension, but my 
mind is free.  Both must remain in peak condition if I 
am worthy to be a Light Warrior and emerge victorious in 
the final battle..."

	"And to get babes!  Don't forget babes!" Nobiyuki 
added.

	The mage of lightning laughed.  "Ah yes, how could
I forget the most important part?  Thanks for reminding 
me, Mr. Masaki.  Babes are more important than any old Holy War."

	He dropped down from the branch, still giggling 
at his own peerless ego  "So what brings you out here?"

	"We're taking a trip to the beach!!  Come on and 
get ready!" he cheerfully declared.

	"YEAH!  ALRIGHT!"  Charger exclaimed.

	"Better hurry and get ready, or I might have to 
keep the girls company all by myself."

	"Okay Mr. Masaki.  I'll be ready in a minute." 
Charger said as he blasted off into the sky...showing 
off as usual.

	Later, the Mystic headed towards the van.  He 
carried a beach chair, a towel, and a crimson surfboard 
with the words 'SURF ANIME' painted in big black letters.  
The light of the blazing sun reflected off of his dark 
shades.  

	He loaded his supplies, as did everyone else.  
"I GET FRONT SEAT!" he called.

	They piled in.  Ryoko and Ayeka struggled to 
somehow sit as close to Tenchi as they possibly could.  
Washu summoned her dimensional laptop computer and typed 
away.  Sasami grabbed a CD player and put the headphones 
on.

	They were about to leave when Sasami asked "Hey?  
Who's been messing with my CD player?"

	Charger winced and said, "What's wrong?  You don't 
like Sevendust?"

 	"Is that what this group is called?" she asked.

	"Yeah.  Here lemme see that," he said.  Sasami 
handed them to him and he took the CD out.  "I'm sorry 
about that, I'll ask you if I can use 'em next time," 
he said as he handed her back the headphones with another 
CD.  "Listen to THIS one...It's even BETTER!" Charger 
declared as he put the Street Fighter: The Movie 
soundtrack in the CD player.

	The van pulled out of the driveway and headed 
down the mountain road.

	Ryoko shot Tenchi a sly look and said "I bought 
a new swimsuit the other day.  I think you'll enjoy 
seeing me in it."

	Tenchi tried to keep a neutral expression.  
Ryoko may be a space-pirate but she DID look good in 
those.

	"Are you trying to do that AGAIN?" Ayeka spoke up.

	"Do what?" Ryoko asked innocently.

	"Trying to make him...well...like his father!" 
Ayeka answered.

	"Oh no.  Tenchi doesn't have to be a peeping tom 
to see me completely..."

	Ayeka cleared her throat loudly.  "Not in front 
of my little sister." She growled.

	"Oh it's just natural, Princess.  I don't know 
why you're so uppity about it." Ryoko wondered.  
"Don't you want to please Tenchi?" she asked.

	"Hmph!  Just because I do it a little more 
tastefully than you dosen't mean I don't care about 
him." Ayeka retorted.  "Just wait," she whispered to 
Tenchi.  "I'll look better than she will at the beach."

	Tenchi couldn't argue that she looked just as 
enchanting as Ryoko did.  That was what made this 
situation so confusing for him.  He simply couldn't 
choose.  And if he did, he would probably never 
forgive himself on how he would destroy the one he didn't 
choose.

	Washu entered the conversation.  "Hey!  Did you 
know that this is the 1,000th argument you've gotten 
into ever since we've arrived on Earth?  Congratulations!"

	Charger clapped and whistled just to add dramatic 
effect.  "Let's celebrate by letting ME take you two out 
for a drink later tonight!"

	"I'm going to have to decline." Ayeka replied.

	"Yeah, me too." Ryoko concurred.  "Maybe some other 
time."

	Charger bowed his head in disappointment and turned 
around in his seat.  "Is it me?" he mumbled to himself.  
"I for one think that I would make a GREAT date..."

	"Now, now Charger.  You can't win 'em all." Nobiyuki 
said.

	"Yeah I suppose you're right."

	A few minutes passed without much conversation.  Then Charger 
jumped.  He looked startled.  "Did anyone feel that?"

	"Feel what?" Tenchi asked.

	"It's very faint.  Feels like something is coming at us from 
behind real fast."

	"I feel it too" Ryoko stated.  "This can't be good."

	Washu checked a different display on her dimensional 
laptop.  "Yep.  There are 20 lifeforms approaching us at 
high speed.  They're on hovercraft of some sort.  Sensory 
detects particle weapons charging."

	Nobiyuki gulped.  "You mean they have GUNS???"

        "Definetly.  Either that or some other long-range 
weapon." Washu answered.

	"I can sense them coming closer!" Charger said as 
he looked out the rear view mirror.  Sure enough, hoverbikes 
were approaching.  Piloting the hoverbikes were what looked 
like humanoid robots clad in large armor plating.

	Ayeka looked distressed, as if she recognized the beings.

	"Better put a forcefeild around the van, Ayeka." Sasami 
suggested.

	"Yes, of course." She replied as an energy field 
surrounded the vehicle.
	
	"Washu." Charger said.  "You can summon stuff from your 
lab, right?  Do you have anything that I could use with pinpoint 
targeting?  These suckers are moving FAST!"

	"I'm way ahead of you, Charger.  Hold out your hands." 
She replied as a strange-looking gun appeared in his hands.  
It was very large with rotating barrels and a scouter/targeting 
system interface built in.  

	"You sure this will get the job done?" The Mystic asked.

	"That, Charger, is a DR-X Alpha Special Assault Rifle.  
It's barrels rotate at 50 revolutions per second.  Each 
laser blast delivered from a barrel is capable of punching 
through steel.  Not only that, it's illegal to own or possess 
one in 15 galaxies.  It will do just fine." Washu said.  

	Charger laughed evily.  "Kick ASS!  I'm going to 
pick off those robots before they get us.  Hold onto something, 
guys!"

	"Anything I can do?" Nobiyuki asked.

	"Um, yes I think so."

	"What's that?"

	"GO FASTER!!!!!!" Charger exploded.

	A shrieking Nobiyuki floored the gas and sent the van 
forward at an insane speed.  Thankfully, they hadn't arrived at 
any major road yet.

	Charger rolled down the window and partially emerged.  
He put the scouter on and aimed the DR-X Alpha Special at the 
nearest robot.  Laser fire erupted from its ten barrels at a 
marvelously fast speed, making Charger shake.

	 He hit one.  It flew off the bike and smashed into 
the road where it smoldered.  The remaining units dodged and 
weaved.  Charger shot another one, and it died just as violently.  
The unit in front pulled out something that looked like a 
12-gauge pump shotgun and blasted the van.  Ironically enough, 
it was laser.  Ayeka's Juraian forcefeild simply absorbed the hit.

	"Mr. Masaki!  Do something evasive!" Charger shouted 
as he continued to fire at the robots.  Nobiyuki continued to 
blaze along, moving in a zigzag pattern.

	Charger kept firing.  The robots on the hoverbikes 
continued to pelt the forcefeild.

	"Charger, I may not be able to hold the shield up much 
longer!" Ayeka informed.

	Washu had a design spec of the DR-X Alpha Special.  
She noticed a switch near the trigger.  "Charger!  There's 
a small switch near the trigger.  Flip it, the switch will 
convert the gun to deluxe mode!"

	"Are you sure?  It looks like a safety to me!" 
Charger replied.

	"No, the safety is next to the laser generator.  
Just flip the switch and fire already!" Washu insisted.

	Shrugging his shoulders, Charger flipped the switch.
The barrels of the gun opened up and converted to a giant single 
barrel that was about the diameter of a soccer ball.  The targeting 
in his scouter locked on to the nearest robot...

	Charger braced himself and yelled "HOPE EVERYONE'S 
WEARING THEIR SEAT BELTS!!!"

	He pulled the trigger.  Himself as well as the entire 
van rocked forward suddenly as a giant beam of energy blasted 
forth from the gun.  All the remaining robots exploded in 
a massive column of pure hell.

	Nobiyuki stopped the van to survey the damage.  Those 
robots and half the road were gone.  Only a crater remained.

	The silence was broken when Charger muttered 
"CRIPES!  No wonder this thing is illegal in 15 galaxies!!!"

 	Ayeka also looked interested in the robots.  "Mr. Masaki, 
please wait here.  I'm going to look over the robots.  I 
have a hunch that I want confirmed."

	Washu leaped up.  "I'm going too!  It will be a 
perfect time to analyze new cybertechnology.  Maybe get a 
few blueprints into my laptop."

	"Let's all go have a look." Tenchi said.  "If there 
are any more, we'll stand a better chance in a group."

	Ryoko giggled and repeated "Yeah, a GROUP..."

	It took a few minutes for anyone to understand what 
she meant.  Tenchi finally caught on and said, "Get your mind 
out of the gutter!"

	Charger summoned his "Chaos Blade" out of nowhere.  
He was uncertain of what he would find. His fear and doubt 
were tinged with edges of curiosity.

            When they reached the wreckage of the robot 
hoverbikes, Ayeka muttered, "I really don't like this.  They 
look like Cybot-Galactic series Mobile Marauders.  This is 
unsettling."

	"How do you know about them?" Washu asked.  

	"The Jurai Kingdom has a military alliance with the 
Cybot-Galactic Empire.  They are a powerful race of robots, but 
they are also civil to other planets.  The Cybot-Galactic 
Empire possesses weaponry like we have never seen before.  On 
top of that, their Space Navy and Mobile Infantry are unmatched 
in force and cunning.  I have studied design specifications 
of their warrior-class units.  Mobile Marauders are a 
particularly lethal version, designed for high speed attacks 
and programmed to operate almost any vehicle."

	Charger was opening up one that was more intact than the 
others.  "Um, Princess." he said, "There's something weird about these.  
Their internal generators don't look like typical Cybot-Galactican 
designs."

	Ayeka and Washu looked at the remains of the robot.  
"You're right.  These internal generators look like they were modified 
from the original CG-01 model.  Could it be the work of a rebel 
faction, perhaps?" Washu hypothesized.

	"Impossible." Ayeka stated.  "Cybot-Galacticans are very 
loyal to the Robot Master.  The are no such things as rebel 
factions."

	"I guess we'll never know.  Their CPUs can't be 
hacked into." Charger said.

	"Oh yes they can!" Washu declared.  "I AM the greatest 
scientific genius in the universe after all."

	"Do you think you can do it, Washu?" Tenchi spoke up.

	"Yeah, I don't see why not." She replied as she 
summoned her dimensional laptop.

	"Wow, I wish I had one of those!" Charger declared.  
"Can you play X-Wing vs. Tie Fighter over the modem on that 
thing?"

	Washu smiled "You're looking at the Universal 
Champion."

	"There should be an opening in the back.  We can 
access the CPU and look at the instructions this unit was 
given." Ayeka said.

	Washu needed no further instructions.  She easily accessed 
the robot's central processor and had the information appear 
on her own laptop.  It looked like an arcane combination of symbols 
and combinations that was somehow incomplete.  The mad scientist's 
eyes widened slightly.

	"Mmm...this may take some time to decode."

	"Well, there's not much we can do now.  Why don't we 
just keep going, we shouldn't let this ruin our day." Nobiyuki 
suggested.

	"Wow, look at that!  I agree with him for once." 
Ryoko declared.

	Everyone piled back into the van and they headed for 
the beach.

	~LATER~

	"Ick!  What is this stuff?  War paint?" Charger 
asked as Ayeka tried to hold his chin still.

	"No of course not, it's sunblock.  It will protect 
you from getting sunburned, and you especially need it because 
of that pale complexion of yours." She replied as she rubbed 
the last bit onto his nose.

	Charger sighed impatiently, as soon as Ayeka finished 
the mage of lightning hurried to his bag looking for a 
volleyball.  Instead he found something furry.  As soon as he 
grabbed it, the furry thing meowed angrily at him.  It took 
Charger a few seconds to discover that it was only Ryo-ohki.  

	"Hey!" he called out.  "Who brought the bunny-cat-
jumping-furry-thing???"

	"Her name's Ryo-ohki, silly." Sasami corrected as 
she put her beach chair out.  "So THAT'S where she's been 
all this trip.  Probably stuck in there, poor thing."

	"Oh, was it supposed to come with us?"

	"Yeah, of course!" Sasami answered.

	"Um, okay.  I hope she dosen't get wet.  Nothing 
worse than the smell of wet fur."  Charger said as he dug 
a volleyball out of his bag.  He looked around until he 
saw Ryoko, lounging in her own beach chair.

	"Hey!  You said you wanted to play a game or two, 
right?" he asked.

	"Yep."  She answered.  "Are you ready?"

	"Yes I am.  Prepare to be obliterated!"

	The two headed toward the volleyball net they had 
set up.  Already a small crowd had gathered to watch the 
volleyball match between the cute blue-haired lady and the 
pale-looking short kid.  They had seen Ryoko play before 
and assumed that she would quickly decimate her opponent.

	"You can serve," Ryoko said with a hint of arrogance 
and confidence.

	"No, I insist.  You do it." Charger shot back as 
he threw her the ball, matching her tone evenly.

	"My, my.  Aren't we cocky." She observed.

	They took their places on the court.  Ryoko said, 
"Okay, you asked for it!" before she slammed it over the 
net.

	Charger returned it easily as it shot back up into 
the air...

	Ryoko saw her opportunity and spiked the ball with 
incredible force, only for Charger to slam it back to her 
with equal power.  They zipped back and forth across their 
areas of the court trying to get the best of each other.  
Never has a volleyball match been played so feircly that the 
two contenders were little more than blurs jumping back and 
forth knocking the ball all over the place.

	The Mystic knew that there was no way he could beat 
her in sheer strength.  Every time he intercepted the ball, his 
arms were slammed down because of the sheer force Ryoko hit 
the ball with.

	It was soon game point and Ryoko was serving again.

	"Get ready to lose, Charger!" she shouted.

	"Bring it on!!!!!" the Mystic retorted.    

	She smashed it into the air again.  Charger returned 
and hit the volleyball to what he thought was an impossible 
corner of the court to intercept, and yet Ryoko not only 
managed to intercept, she spiked the ball back at him with 
incredible power.  The ball flew at him before he had a chance 
to dodge.  It connected with his head with an awful SMACK and 
Charger fell to the ground.

	"YEEEOWCH!"  He bellowed as he staggered back up.

	"Uh-oh." Ryoko muttered.  "You okay?"

	"Yeah, I'll live." Charger replied.  "Uh, you won I 
guess, good game!" he said as he rubbed his bruise.

	"We should play again sometime.  Next time you can 
pick the game."

	"Really?  Any game?"

	"Sure, why not?"

	"Hmm...How about mud wrestling?" Charger suggested.

	Ryoko blinked a few times and laughed.  

	The Mystic rubbed his head and said, "Oh come on.  
I'd be a lot of fun!  You have no idea what you're missing."  
He left to grab his surfboard without saying anything else.

	The waves weren't as large as he had hoped, but they 
were enough to propel Charger at a marvelously fast speed.  
The wind and water in his face felt spectacular.  

	Something strange happened in front of him.  The 
wave seemed to take on a shape, a humanoid shape.  It eventually 
revealed Alice: the ice mage.  Charger hadn't seen her in 
a while, and it was nice to see a familiar face.

	But the surprise of her simply appearing before 
him almost knocked him off his board.  

	"Alice?  What are you doing here?" he asked.

	"There is a danger that threatens the Earth.  
Hurry back to shore, we're all about to head out."  She 
replied in her soft, echoing voice.  She quickly floated 
back to the shore.

	The other Mystics must have returned.  Something 
big must be going on!

	At the shore, the Seven Mystics stood looking at 
the sky.  Tenchi and his friends really had no idea what to 
make of it.

	They noticed that Syris was there as well.  He and 
Ryoko never made eye contact.  His expression seemed neutral.

	Charger came back to shore and asked, "What's going 
on?  I thought I was banished."

	"A crisis for the planet has emerged." Cosmo explained.  
"Right now, a small strike force of unknown ships is heading 
for Earth.  Nebulon, Syris and myself had expected this for 
some time...an alien race is going on a rampage throughout the 
universe.  Earth is one of their targets."

	"So when were you planning to tell us this???" 
Tempest spat.

	"It was more important that you all trained as much 
as possible." Syris answered.  "We were going to tell you 
when the time to take action had arisen.  That time is now.  
Our mission is fairly simple.  Drive off the invading fleet.  
If they don't leave or if they respond with hostility, we 
must destroy them."

	"Accomplishing this task will be more difficult.  
There are 40 warships attacking.  Each has enough firepower 
to wipe a large country off the map.  They also have heavy 
starfighter support." Cosmo added.

	"Everyone get prepared.  We're going to meet them 
head on about 2,000 miles above the Earth's atmosphere."

	Nameria: the earth mage stepped into the conversation.  
"We might as well do our best.  This is what we were 
created to do, right?"

	"Yeah, she's right.  Let's get ready." Charger added.

	As they started to prepare, Charger approached 
Siela.  "It's great to see you again." He said.

	"You too, Charger." she said as they embraced.  
"You've been through a lot, I'm so proud."

	"Ah, nothing I couldn't handle." He declared.  
"Remember when you said that you would be waiting for me?  
I never forgot that.  It gave me the strength to continue."

	Siela blinked away tears of joy.  He really did 
care about her.  Perhaps more than she first thought.  
She hoped that Charger could somehow understand how she felt 
about him...

	Meanwhile, Tenchi asked Syris "Is there anything we 
can do to help?"

	"You?" Syris asked.  As if surprised that this 
whiny boy could do anything at all.  

	"Yeah.  This is our planet, after all."

	The mage of light paused for a few seconds.  "Well 
I suppose so.  But I would suggest that you use that spaceship 
that Ryoko can summon, unless you can survive in the 
vacuum of space."

	"In front of all these people??" Tenchi demanded.  
They were at the beach, after all.  And while it wasn't 
particularly crowded today, he didn't want to be responsible 
for any heart attacks.

	 Syris chuckled "Why not?  They'll just say it's 
a weather balloon."

	Tenchi shrugged.  "It's the only way."

	"That's the way to think, Tenchi!" Ryoko said 
cheerfully.  "Okay Ryo-ohki, you heard them!  Let's go!"

	The little cabbit yowled a battle cry and transformed 
into a dangerous-looking fighter craft.  The beach was quickly
deserted.

	"Now wait!  What about Sasami?" Ayeka protested.  
"If we take her up there she might get hurt!"

	"It's no less dangerous than staying here." Syris 
said.  "Their advance fighter squadrons will be swarming 
this place in minutes.  Bring the old man with you as well."

	"Now WAIT a second!  I'm not an old man!" Nobiyuki 
shouted.

	Syris was exasperated.  "My apologies, sir.  But 
we're short on time.  Please get into the craft and don't 
ask questions."

	When everyone was aboard, Syris said, "We're about 
to save the Earth again.  No screw-ups!  Follow me!"

	He blasted into the sky, as the other Mystics and 
Ryo-ohki followed suit.

	~ABOARD RYO-OHKI~

	"Miyaaaaa?" The spaceship yelped in confusion.

	"Yes, Ryo-ohki, we're going to follow Syris."

	"Miya?  Meow!" It persisted.

	"I have no reason to trust him either but I doubt 
they would all gather in one place just to perform an 
elaborate setup.  They have to protect the universe, you 
know."

	  Ryo-ohki growled something under her breath.  
Something equivalent to "I find that hard to believe.  
They all look psycho to me..."

	Washu was working on a holographic display that was 
connected directly to Ryo-ohki's core weapon/shield systems.  

	"Ryo-ohki, I'm adding an upgrade to you for the 
battle ahead.  Don't worry, it's 99% safe."

	Ryo-ohki meowed her acknowledgement.

	Several laser generators appeared on the outer hull.
They could operate independently as separate, powerful energy 
batteries or combine to fire a Death Beam of sorts.  

	Azaka and Kamidake suddenly appeared on the bridge.

	"We have detected your presence outside of Earth's 
atmosphere, so we are required to accompany you." Azaka 
informed the Princess.
		
	"Hope you don't mind." Kamidake added.

	"No, not at all.  In fact, we might need your help." 
Ayeka replied.

	The Guardians looked at the viewscreen.

	"Is that one clad in white the impolite fellow that 
we confronted a few days ago?" Azaka asked.

	"Indeed.  This mission will be interesting." 
Kamidake said.

	"Get ready, everyone!" Ryoko said, "Our target's 
coming up ETA one minute!"