               Supercharged Tenchi Muyo!
                        Part 5

	Disclaimer: All characters from Tenchi Muyo are copyright 
of AIC and Pioneer.  Charger and the Mystics are copyright 
of me because I created them.  If you use this story on 
your webpage, please give me the proper credit.  

	Warning: There are religious references in this series.  
If such offends you, read no further.  However, these 
references are important for the background of this story.  
And I'm not trying to shove any beliefs down anyone's throat.  
Also, I'm not very familiar with every aspect of Japanese 
culture so don't diss me if I misinterpret certain things.

	Commander Kalrak was a veteran warrior robot.  His 
skill as a fighter and starship captain quickly became 
legendary on Cybot-Galactic after he was promoted to Lieutenant.  
He had risen in rank much quicker than anyone could imagine, 
proving his superior skills at every opportunity...

	...And eventually succumbed to the bloodlust that 
precedes conquest.

	Kalrak is intimidating to look at.  Standing over 8 
feet tall and weighing almost 500 pounds in his battle 
armor he was large even for Cybot-Galactican standards.  His 
mere glance is usually enough to frighten the most battle hardened 
warrior, and if that wasn't, his ruthless fighting style and 
immense beam-rifle blade were certainly enough to do so.

	The battle armor itself is demonic-looking.  The arms 
and wrist plates extend into gauntlets and every other 
armor piece is covered with giant spikes.  Painted on his 
armor are red streaks, a sign of high rank in their 
military.  On the sides of his battle mask are fins crafted 
for aerodynamics and plated with blades.  A long gray 
ponytail emerges from the back of his helmet, constructed 
entirely out of small metal blades...this is also a sign 
of rank.

	He looked over to the helm officer and asked 
"Any new communications from Warrior Forge?"

	"None, sir.  They were extremely secretive about 
why this planet was chosen for assimilation.  All we got 
was that its environment is suitable for a large military 
base to be built, but I have no idea why.  They never 
expanded on the subject." The helm officer answered.

	"Yes, it's very mysterious isn't it?  The Sol System 
is a backwater wasteland anyway.  We shouldn't waste time with it."

	The helm officer looked startled.  "You would 
challenge the Warlord???"

  	"I'm not about to bite the hand that feeds me, Feyrath.  
The Warlord put me in this position and I'm not going to 
throw it away on a whim.  Perhaps there is logic in this 
seemingly idiotic plan.  Let us remain on course, for now."

	We see the exterior of Commander Kalrak's giant 
war cruiser.  It is sleek and black.  Its shape resembles 
a giant sword.  The proud hull reflects the rays of the 
sun.  The word "DarkWraith" painted in bold, red letters.  
The letters were of course in Cybot-Galactican script.  

	Weapon batteries of every kind imaginable were 
cleverly concealed under large panels that were in various places 
on the ship.  In battle, the panels would open and weapons 
would emerge, delivering swift death to any opponent.

	Accompanied by smaller support cruisers, Kalrak's 
strike force was an intimidating sight.  No one would 
dare attack him...

	Well, almost no one.

	~ABOARD RYO-OHKI~

	Ryoko checked another readout.  They were closing
 in on the target very quickly.  They would probably be 
visible on the sensory system anytime now.

	"Wow!  That ship is HUGE!" Tenchi yelped.

	Washu snorted.  "ANYONE can make a big ship.  My 
idea of an effective space-battle vehicle is compact and 
loaded with power.  That makes the craft more efficient, more 
maneuverable and less of a target."

	"Yeah well, if I want a lecture on aerospace 
mechanics I know where to find you." Ryoko replied.  
"Get ready to fire, Ryo-oh-ki!" the space pirate shouted.

 	A resounding "Meow!" echoed throughout the chamber 
of the ship as the craft sped up.  Its various weapon 
systems began to ignite with power.  The fire of combat 
began to light the corners of Ryoko's eyes.

	"Um, do you think we'll survive this?" A now 
terrified Nobiyuki yelped. 

	"Well, we SHOULD!" Washu declared.

	"Don't worry Mr. Masaki." Sasami declared,  "We'll 
all be okay!"

	Meanwhile, in the blackness of space, Syris 
communicated to the other Mystics through a mental link.  
Their voices would not carry through the vacuum of space.  
"I will make the first attack.  You all will follow me 
in a 'V' formation.  Concentrate your barrage on the 
flagship." He said to them.

	"Here come the fighters!" Cosmo roared.  "Everyone 
get ready!!"

	~ABOARD THE "DARKWRAITH"~

	Kalrak noticed there were objects on the sensory 
display that seemed to produce an amazing amount of energy.  
As of current, they were on an intercept course with his 
own strike fleet.  How dare they attack him!  Did they 
have any idea what they were dealing with??? 

	The starfighter squadrons were already on the move.  
"What is approaching us?" He demanded.  "Official reports 
classified Planet Earth as a Class IV planet.  They are 
not yet capable of space warfare!"

	A technician by the name of Aithani offered "Sensory 
picks only one spacecraft.  It is crafted of an unknown 
material.  The other seven objects are far too small to be 
fighters, and yet they output energy at an unheard of 
rate!  They also seem to be moving as fast as our own 
fighter craft!!!"

	"Try a long-range sensor scan.  I want to know 
what we are up against..." Kalrak stated.

	Another technician reported "The starfighter is 
Ryo-oh-ki!  In actuality it is a small creature with the 
ability to manipulate it's atomic structure.  Thusly it 
can change forms, but only into certain ones.  This starfighter 
is one of them.  The other objects..."

	Kalrak didn't need to be told.  "Are the legendary 
Seven Mystics..."

	"Y-yes sir...But I thought that was what they were: 
simply legends!"

	"Well you were proven wrong, as were the rest of 
us.  It doesn't matter who they are.  No one resists the 
Warlord's will.  Have our attack gunships and carriers 
give fighter support.  Leave nothing alive, kill them ALL!"

	That statement would be more difficult to carry 
out than the cybernetic warrior could ever possibly imagine.  
Syris simply opened his palm and laid waste to entire rows 
of fighters as they blasted headlong into a ferocious 
attack!  The Holy Mage then flew at such a speed that he 
smashed right through any fighter in his way like a bullet 
through tissue paper.

	"WOW!" Charger thought.  "When was he able to do 
all THAT!"

	"For a while now." Syris answered flatly.  "It 
is time for the rest of you to initiate the second wave.  
Keep clear though, in case Ryo-oh-ki wishes to attack."

	Syris then planeshifted and appeared behind the 
other Mystics.  "All of you create a blast with all your
strength!  Charger's 'Chaos Blade' will act as a bridge 
combining the attack into a potent energy shockwave."

	"WAIT!  HOW DO I DO THAT?" Charger panicked.

	"Simply access the Holy gem and point the blade 
to your target.  The Holy Power will interact with The 
Elements instantly.  That's how powerful and versatile 
it is..."

	"Then why don't you use the 'Chaos Blade'!" 
Charger persisted.

	"Because The Creator had something special in 
mind when He gave you that weapon.  Use it like you were 
taught.  You have a legacy to fulfill!"

	Syris chuckled and added "Besides, My 'Light Katana' 
is MUCH more stylish that that sword.  Everything about 
that 'Chaos Blade' seems too...you."

	Ignoring the snide comment made by Syris, the 
mage of lightning raised his blade up above his head.  
He braced himself and concentrated as much energy in the 
blade as he possibly could.  Meanwhile the other  
Mystics summoned energy from deep within their power spectrum.  
They then concentrated it into an energy beam and fired 
directly forward.  The energy beams swirled around the 
"Chaos Blade" as if pulled by a mysterious force.  

	The sight amazed Charger...

	Syris, noticing that the mage of lightning wasn't 
paying attention to the situation at hand, screamed "WHAT 
ARE YOU DOING???  POINT THE SWORD AND FIRE NOW!!!!"

	Charger snapped back to his senses and pointed 
the blade at the starfleet.  He braced himself and 
released the shockwave, contributing his own energy to 
the blast.  The energy ripped forth in a white light, tearing 
through fighter craft and anything else in the way...but 
the blast didn't hit the appropriate target...

	"Your aim was off!" Syris observed  "Hurry and 
cover before they retaliate!!!"

	Aboard Ryo-oh-ki, the 8 occupants gaped in awe 
of the raw power brought forth by the Mystics...

	"Um, he missed." Azaka intoned...

	"Very unfortunate.  Perhaps he was not able to 
control the blast efficiently." Kamidake added.

	"We must join the attack!" Ayeka declared.  "I'm 
not sure about the rest of you but I am tired of simply 
observing the battle.  If we are to defend this planet 
than we must act!!"

	"She's right." Washu added.  "Ryoko, try to get 
us closer and then fire at the fleet with the laser systems 
set on spreadfire.  I think that I have the new weapon 
system functioning properly.  It's now or never!"

	"Wait a minute!" Tenchi interrupted.  "You THINK???"

	"Well, yeah.  After all this laser weapon system 
is pretty experimental." Washu replied.

	"I guess we have to trust it then." Tenchi concluded.

	"I hope you know what you're doing, Washu!" Ryoko 
said as she brought up the weapon displays.  

	"When have my inventions failed before?" The mad 
scientist demanded.

	"Well I can name a few times..." Ryoko answered 
as she set the final firing co-ordinates.

 	"We're ready Ryo-oh-ki, FIRE!"

	On the outside of Ryo-oh-ki, there are small 
generator panels in place on each "extension" of the 
craft.  Spheres of laser energy began to form and concentrate 
over them.  They then split into hundreds of smaller blasts, 
each one targeting a craft near it...

	More fighter squadrons were wiped out, and some 
attack gunships were damaged as well.

	"We're not close enough." Ayeka said.  "Get as 
close to the flagship as possible and fire using the 
Death Beam function.  That should cripple it!"

	"Don't order me around, I know what I'm doing."  Ryoko 
shot back. 

         The invading strike fleet was preparing to 
retaliate.  The "DarkWraith's" hidden weapon bays emerged 
from the panels in which they were concealed.  Guns of 
every sort emerged.  Laser batteries, missile bays and 
smaller versions of the Death Beam cannons were the standard 
compliment, as well as many other hideous instruments of 
destruction...

	The Seven Mystics looked at the warships...

	Tempest, the wind mage laughed darkly.  "They think 
we came all this way just to get our asses handed to us by 
primitive sub-dimensional weaponry.  I see it differently."

"This isn't a laughing matter!"  Nameria cautioned.  "We 
aren't at a level where nothing can harm us!  We have to 
act fast!"

	Cosmo spoke up.  "I have an idea!" 

	"Hmm, what would that be?  Do you suppose it will 
work?" Syris asked without betraying the slightest hint 
of fear, even though they were staring Death directly in
the face.

	"I'll try to create a Phase Shield around us.  
Hopefully it will absorb the blasts."

	"Yes, hopefully it will." Syris stated.  "Proceed."

	The galactic mage clenched his fists.  Power began 
to swirl around him in a curtain.  His eyes began to glow paler 
and paler until the pupils were gone...

	...Commander Karlak gave the order to fire.  Torrents 
of weapon fire flew at the Seven Mystics and Ryo-oh-ki.

	Nobiyuki shouted "WHAT ARE THEY DOING???  WE'RE 
ALL HISTORY!!!!!"

	"No we aren't!  Looks like the one that controls 
space is doing something!" Washu noticed...

	...Cosmo was indeed doing something, but he only 
had seconds to act.  He threw his hands upward and a 
transparent shield appeared over them and the starfighter.  
The many weapons that slammed into it dissipated fairly quickly.  
The Mystic seemed to strain with everything he had to 
keep the shield up.  His veins bulged, he bit his lip 
until it bled and his eyes were closed tightly.

	When the smoke cleared, the Mystics were completely intact.  
Cosmo looked a little drained but was otherwise okay.  
Syris simply glared at the spacecraft in front of him 
and laughed...   

	"What the hell's he think is so funny?" Ryoko 
demanded.

	"I really don't want to know." Tenchi said.  
"Syris is...ah...not normal."

	Syris looked at the galactic mage.  "Good work.  
You and the others get out of here.  Get Ryo-oh-ki to a 
safe distance as well.  I will handle the rest."

	"WHAT?" Charger demanded "What do you mean you'll 
handle the rest?"

	"Think about it." Syris said without any change of tone.

	"You mean to tell us the entire time that you were 
powerful enough to wipe them all out easily???  ALL BY YOURSELF?"  
Siela asked.

	"Indeed.  The only reason I didn't do it immediately 
is because I wanted to see how you all fared in a space battle.  
You have all done well, but now I need to wrap this 
little game up.  You all can return to Earth and take a 
break for a while, but be warned that this is far from 
over.  We will see more of our robotic friends in the 
near future."

	The Mystics then flew back in the direction of 
Earth.  Many feelings played through their minds, especially 
mortification...

	As Charger flew past Ryo-oh-ki, he communicated 
to the others "Let's get out of here!  Syris is about to 
do something BIG!"

	Ryoko nodded and said, "You heard him Ryo-oh-ki!  
Let's go home!" 

	The Seven Mystics and Ryo-oh-ki suddenly became 
tiny specs as they blasted back through Earth's atmosphere.

	Syris simply lifted his right hand.  A ball of energy 
began to form.  

	Aboard the "DarkWraith" Commander Kalrak shouted, 
"What the hell is he doing?  Why have the others left?  
Feyrath, take us into hyperspace NOW!"

	"That's impossible, that Mystic is creating a 
particle field all around us.  We cannot engage the hyperdrive 
engines and expect them to work properly." Feyrath 
reported.

	"DAMN HIM!" Kalrak shouted.  "Divert all non-essential 
to sheilds.  We MUST survive this attack!"

	Helm officer Feyrath quickly did so.  All power 
other than engines and weaponry was rerouted through the 
shields, hopefully to create a barrier strong enough to 
stand Syris' holy attack.  Life support was not nessicary 
for the robotic crew members.  

  	Syris continued his attack.  The ball of energy 
that he formed began to radiate around him, resembling a 
nimbus of light.  He carried out the spell with startling 
efficiency.  There was no way that anything could stand 
up to such a powerful warrior...

	...What happened next was truly epic.  Syris 
clenched his fists and rose them above his head.  The 
energy nimbus around him began to concentrate until it 
was a gigantic sphere in front of him.  He then waved 
his arms and the energy ball transformed into a deadly 
bolt of holy magic.  The attack tore into the invading 
strike fleet. Starfighters were vaporized into space dust.  
War cruisers the size of small countries were systematically 
ripped apart.  And the greatest of them all...the mighty 
"DarkWraith"...fell victim to the apocalyptic bolt of 
holy power.  It was slashed from bow to stern into 
expensive scrap metal.  The crew members died instantly, 
everything was tossed into the black void of space.

	Syris simply watched.  The attack had not tired 
him significantly.  In fact, it felt refreshing to see 
yet another threat crumble under his unmatched skill...

	...No...there was one left...

	Pleased that someone in this rather pathetic group 
had some strength after all, Syris flew in the direction of 
the life force that he sensed.

	~BACK ON EARTH~

	The explosion was visible from Earth.  A final 
tribute to the death of a mighty space fleet.  A fleet 
so easily destroyed by one so powerful.  The Seven Mystics 
were back at the beach as if they had never left.  Tenchi 
and the others were there with them.

	"Amazing..." Nameria muttered.  "There are no 
words for it."

	"Yes there is!" Charger shot back "How about 
'what a showoff'!  That seems to work nicely."

	"No kidding, Syris has re-defined the word 
overkill." Tenchi said.  "That was pretty risky, using 
so much energy so quickly.  He's probably drained by now."

	"Not in the slightest." Charger countered.

	"Hey!" Sasami spoke up.  "That was fun!  We 
really should go into space more often."

	"Yes Sasami," Ayeka agreed.  "I suppose it was 
fun to a certain extent.  Maybe if we weren't in danger 
of becoming irradiated space dust..."

	"Oh come on, Princess." Ryoko said.  "We've been 
in worse situations before.  Don't be such a timid little 
maiden.  It feels good to experience a little actual 
danger."

	"Now wait, what was I when you fought me then?" 
Charger asked.  "Wasn't I dangerous?"

	"Awwww, you're too CUTE to be dangerous." Ryoko 
cooed, pinching his cheek again.  

	"Thanks...but don't pinch my cheek please." Charger 
replied, but secretly he liked the attention.

	"We'll meet back at the Crucible." Cosmo said to 
the other Mystics.  "Charger, I don't know what will happen
...but if you aren't accepted back to our own dimension 
please try to understand that this whole experience here 
on Earth is for your benefit.  Don't hold a grudge against 
us, we really do want you to return."

	Charger nodded.  "I understand."

 	Cosmo smiled and added "Take care, try to have some 
fun while you're here."

	As the Mystics left, Siela remained.  She watched 
as they planeshifted back to their own dimension.   

	She approached him and hugged him tightly, surprising 
Charger.  Before he could say anything, Siela said "This may 
be the last time we see each other for a while.  Come back 
to us in one piece..."

	Charger then returned the embrace and replied "I promise..."

	They hesitantly broke their embrace and Siela faded 
away back to the Holy Crucible.  The mage of lightning then 
sighed and shook his head.  He would miss them all, especially her.

	Everyone began to pack up as Charger looked at the sky.  
The normally rough-and-tough space pirate Ryoko approached him and said, 
"I know it's really none of my business, but that girl seems to 
care for you a great deal.  You should take good care of her."

	Ryoko then looked up at the sky as well, "Sometimes a 
person you care about can be a pillar of strength in a 
sea of chaos..." she observed.

	"Hey, that was pretty good." Charger replied.  "Something 
to live by."

	As Ryoko turned to leave, she added "Yeah well I 
usually don't come up with too much good philosophy...that's 
Yosho's job.  Still, if you take that to heart and never lose 
a belief like that, there is no force in life too strong to 
destroy you..."

	~ON THE SURFACE OF THE EARTH'S MOON~

	Battered and enraged, Commander Kalrak smashed his 
fists into the arid moon soil and roared loudly.  His fleet 
was gone, his name as a warrior would be dishonored forever, 
and here he was...trapped on a lifeless ball of dust in the 
middle of the worthless Sol System.

	This was no way to die...
	
	Kalrak stood up and looked around.  There was the 
shallow crater he made when he had landed here.  And in 
front of him, the Earth: A small blue and white sphere.

	"Lovely view isn't it?" A cold voice said.

	Kalrak turned around and before him stood the 
bastard who had laid waste to his fleet.  

	"YOU!!!" Kalrak screamed.

	"Yes it's me.  I am Syris the..."

	"I don't care WHAT your name is.  If I die here, 
I won't die alone!!" 

	"Hmm, brave words.  But I'm sorry to say that 
you will never carry them out." Syris growled.

	Kalrak narrowed his eyes.  How dare this fool speak 
to him that way.  He was at least 3 feet taller than the 
Mystic and weighed probably 4 times as much.

	"Impudent wretch!  Die beneath my blade!"  Kalrak 
roared as he drew his beam rifle blade.

	"That's my line, and you will be the one who 
dies...not me." Syris shot back as he drew his "Light Katana".

	The massive robot warrior dashed at Syris and 
swung his great war blade.  Syris blocked it with his 
giant katana and threw him back into the dust.  The holy 
mage then lifted him into the air using telekinesis and 
made him fly into the air...only to plummet back into the 
ground with a SMASH.

	Madder than ever, Kalrak rushed Syris much faster 
and tired to punch him.  The ones Syris didn't dodge he 
blocked rather easily.  He caught one punch and flipped the 
titan robot into the ground, twisting off his armored gauntlet 
as he did so.

	Kalrak roared and tried to trip Syris only to miss 
again.  The holy mage stated "Enough games, time to die."

	He raised the giant katana and effortlessly separated 
Commander Kalrak's armored torso from the rest of his body.  
The enchanted blade sliced through the thick metal armor like 
it was nothing.  Circuit pathways were ripped out and 
began sparking.

	As the robot died, he managed to croak  "Im...im...possible
...you...you...your power...is...b...beyond...this...universe..."

	Syris nodded.  "You're finally learning.  Don't worry
too much about being alone in the void for too long.  I can
assure you that your co-conspirators will be hunted down and 
killed...joining you in everlasting torment."

	Kalrak's red eyes faded into black nothingness 
and he died.

	Syris planeshifted away...

	What will the astronauts think when they find a giant 
robot hacked in half on the moon?  

	~THE MASAKI RESIDENCE~

	Princess Ayeka called everyone into the living room.  
She had to make an important statement.  Something that would 
begin an adventure unlike any of them had ever experienced before.

	"So why did you call us out here, Ayeka?" Tenchi asked.

	"There's something horrible going on.  Planet Earth, 
Jurai, perhaps the galaxy itself is threatened.  We should 
pay a visit to planet Cybot-Galactic so that we may get 
to the bottom of this.  I am here to ask you all, will you 
come with me?"

	"It's the only way to find out the truth." Washu 
said.  "I'm going."

	Everyone acknowledged agreement, soon they would 
be off to the homeworld of the Cybot-Galactican Empire.  
A homeworld of machines...

	The Cybot-Galacticans are a deadly race...the power, 
fury and superiority of steel combined with the logic and 
wisdom of a civilization that has existed long before recorded 
history.  Conflict between the robotic race and the Juraian 
Empire would result in trillions of deaths all over the 
galaxy.  

	A terrifying thought indeed...





 

   



	 



	
   

	



           




 

        

	 

	    
