Authors Notes: Yep, Episode 2. I am very happy 
with the last episode! Dont' worry all you Ayeka 
lovers! I used to be one but now I am not! I  AM 
THE TRAITOR! Anyway Ayeka will apearer so keep 
your pants on, why would you take 'em off anyway? 
Well here is Episode 2!

               Washu's Disscovery!

Muyaku ran up to Nagi. "Are you coming?"
"Yes..." Nagi growled. "Even though it is stupid."
Muyaku sighed and walked up the stairs. She then 
closed her door and looked in the mirror. A little 
girl much like Ryoko stood where Muyaku's 
reflaction was supposed to be. She had golden hair 
and deep brown eyes. She smiled and then 
dissapered.
Muyaku blinked and saw her refecltion. "Uh?" she 
then ran down the stairs. "Daddy!"
Ryo-ohki and Ken-ohki looked up. "Meow?" they 
asked and followed Muyaku up to the shrine.
-----
Grandpa sat and preapered tea when Muyaku rushed 
in. "Seems you are in a hurry, what is worng?"
Muyaku cought her breath. "There was a little girl 
in my mirror! She was like Mommy!"
Ryo-ohki meowed in aggreement for see had seen her 
the day before walking around the house.
Grandpa gave Muyaku some tea. "Did she seem as if 
a ghost or hole?"
Muyaku shrugged. "I.. really did not notice."
-----
Tenchi ate his lunch in the vegetable garden. He 
then stopped. "wha?!"
A little cabbit that was the same color of Ken-
ohki was runing around, but looked more like Ryo-
ohki. The cabbit meowed soflty and hopped up in 
the air and dissapered.
Tenchi blinked and shrugged. "Whatever."
Then the little girl came up and seemed to say 
something no one could here. She walked around for 
the little cabbit and then saw Tenchi. Her lips 
moved but nothing came out.
-----
Ryoko walked around with Nobuyuki and then 
stopped. "Is there something wrong?"
Nobuyukio said no. "This is  where me and Achika 
where married." he paused. "it was her dream to 
see Tenchi marry here."
Ryoko looked in the tree they where standing under 
and saw the image of Achika. She smiled and 
nodded. "Nobuyuki, whe are going to go to the 
Cherry Blossom Festvial tomorrow, would you like 
to come?"
Suddenly Muyaku  ran up tugging on her mother's 
dress. "Mommy, there is a ghost in the house!"
Nobuyuki chuckled. "I see now. Was it friendly?"
"I don't know."
******
The little girl looked up at her mother crying. 
She crawled up on her lap and began to cry. 
The mother suthed her and told her to go play in 
her room.
The child says no.
The mother gets quite angery. "Go now."
The little girl gose and walks up to her room. 
There she sees Muyaku's room, with all the toys. 
She saw someone come in with Muyaku and she ran 
away.
*****
"Muy-san no on is here." Ryoko told her.
"Hey Ryoko!" Tenchi called. "We gonna be late!"
Ryoko told Muyaku not to worry. She disspaered and 
walked out with Tenchi.
Muyaku looked into the mirror. "Hi, I am Muyaku 
who are you?"
The little girl came up and said her name, and her 
parnets names.
"Where is your pappa?"
The little girl spoke. "On Jurai."
Muyaku seemed suprised.
-----
That Saturday everyone in the Masaki house sat on 
a blanket  under a Cherry Blossom tree. Muyaku ate 
and looked around at all the flowers. Ryoko talked 
with Nobuyuki and then Tenchi got up and left. 
Tenchi walked along and sighed. He looked up and 
saw Achika smiling down at him. He smiled and sat 
down. "I wonder what Ayeka would say."
'About what Tenchi?' Achika asked.
"Me and Ryoko."
'Why must it matter?' she questioned his love. 
'You love Ryoko, that is what counts.'
"Well... uh.... I.." Tenchi thought.
'You love both...' Achika's voice faded away.
Tenchi stood up and began to walk again. Sasami's 
giggled filled the air and Tenchi looked around. 
Not seeing anyone he contidude on his way.
Then a hint of Washu's cackle was heard as well.
Sasami ran infront of Tenchi, her hair up in 
braids and she stopped infornt of Tenchi. 
"Tenchi.... what are you doing here?"
 Washu then joined them ."I heard about my 
daughters wedding, when is in?"
Tenchi blsuhed. "Well.. uh... I don't know.... hey 
where is Ayeka?"
"She did not come." Sasami said. "She said she had 
other things to do."
Washu sighed. "Seems she could not stand seeing 
Ryoko and Tenchi toghter ummm? I also hear that 
Tenchi left early?"
Tenchi blushed even hared. "Um... yeah I did."
Sasami giggled. "tenchi your party last night was 
soo good! I loved it!"
"Gald you did I did not even get to go." Washu 
said stubbonly.
"Ladys and GentalMen.... now presenting Savage 
Garden!" the anocer brodcasted.
Ryoko apeared and took Tenchi's hand and headed 
away with Muyaku on her shoulders.
Washu and Sasami both with blank faces fromed 
large sweatdrops and sighed. "If you can't not 
beat them..."
"Join them." Sasami and Washu got up and followed.
"When you feel alone and the world as turned it's 
back on you..."
Ryoko leaned on Tenchi's shoulder. Everything they 
sang was true... for her atleast.  She sighed 
happly and hugged Muyaku. 'Everything I could want 
I have....' she smiled.
******
The little girl waved goodbye to her mother as she 
went off in her spaceship. She truned to her 
Grandma, who was the smartest preson in the 
galaxy. She smiled and climbed into her 
transporter.
The girl watch her grandmother work on all sorts 
of expreaments. 
The next day she put the little girl in a time 
portal. "I can not take care of you, I am sorry, 
If they find you too Jurai and the Galaxy Police 
will catch you just like your mother and 
father...." she strapped her in. "This will take 
serrival days to do. So hang tight...."
******
Three Months Later..
Ryoko looked out her bedroom window. She smiled 
and shivered. Hating the cold weather. 
Now that Sasami and Washu came to live with them, 
Ryoko gave Sasami her room and now Ryoko shared  
Tenchi's room, she slept in her own bed acroos the 
room to avoid trouble.
She watched as Muyaku and Sasami played with the 
garudiens, both playing in the snow  near Ryo-oh.
Ryoko looked out of the conor of her eye and 
caught Washu heading up to Sasami's room. "Washu 
what is up?"
"Did I not say call me mom?" Washu asked. "WEll... 
Seems like Ayeka is coming and I am telling her 
fine."
"Add she is welcome to the wedding." Ryoko told 
her.
"Allright." Washu said. "Are you sure you want to 
do this now?"
Ryoko stopped, in she looked down. "I... am pretty 
sure I am."
"What about Tenchi?"
Ryoko looked out the window seeing Tenchi come 
home. She looked at Ryo-oh. "I..."
Washu nodded and meet Tenchi outside.
~~~~~
Later that night Washu sighed happily. "It is 
done!"
"Washu you are the greatest!" 'A' said.
"The best in the universe!" 'B' added.
"I know!" Washu clapped her hands. Then saw a red 
light come on. "What? I space pod coming in?"
I little pod appeared in the transporter room. A 
little girl fell out and had a note to her pod.
'Dear Little Young Washu,'
I am the future you and sending my grandaugter 
back into time, becuase of a battle betweem Jurai 
and The GP, I am affraid my daughter and son-in-
law did not surrive. Please help her find her 
parnets.
Younger yet older Washu!
-----
Next time on Shin Tenchi Muyo 2:
Tenchi: We actully find out the little girl's 
name...
Sasami: Hope she is nice and fun to play with!
Ryoko: She looks like me and Tenchi!
Tenchi: Wha?! Hey where is that in the script?!
Washu: Find it all on Shin Tenchi Muyo 2: Dark 
Dreams of the future

Theme Song:
Tenchi TV1 Ending Song

Get ready love will leave you cryin'
* It's gonna hurt you till your heart is dyin'
Can't escape it, ain't no use in tryin'
No exception, love will leave you crying too
Till you're a broken man, poor you

The day you see her, a lonely stranger
You only pray that soon you you'll know her name
You finally touch her, then you're in danger
It won't be long before you feel the pain

'Cause your emotions will overtake you
You'll look for heaven in her big brown eyes
But she's no angel, and she'll forsake you
It shouldn't come as any great surprise
Passion isn't really happiness
There is trouble in her sweet caress
Love is confusion
You'll drown in your delusion
If you don't run

(*Repeat)

You think you're macho, a real soldier
But you've never seen this woman smile
You can't resist her, You can't control her
Soon you'll be helpless as a little child

You'll feel so foolish, but just remember
There is no man who wouldn't be her slave
She hot as fire, cold as December
Her kiss will drive you to an early grave

Every time you try to run away
Your desires are gonna make you stay
Still in her power weaker by the hour
Why even fight

(*Repeat)
(Guitar Solo)
Passion isn't really happiness
There is trouble in her sweet caress
Lost in confusion
You'll drown in your delusion
If you don't run

(*Repeat) 



