Authors notes: I hope this goes on gor atleast 10 
episodes. I am going to make them longer. This 
story will have some sad part[I hope!] and some 
funny ones! If you whish to see pictures of what 
each new/old charecter looks like e-mail me: 
sailorsun2080@yahoo.com

             Dark Dreams of the Future


Dark, Lifeless, odd. Ryoko's eyes filled with 
terror, as she stood where the Masaki house was. 
Torn, divisated and lefless. As she stepped forward 
mice came out. 
Making sure she was airborn, she floated into the 
dissarted house. She dropped down and looked.
The room was completly empty, the tv had not been 
used in years. Dishes still on the table, and 
Grandfather's reading classes.
Ryoko chivered in fright. What had happened? She 
walked up the stairs and opened Ayeka and Sasami's 
door. Everything still in place, the futons, the 
clothes and makeup. She stepped forward and saw 
Ayeka's best Jurain dress on the floor. She looked 
over and saw Sasami's cooking apern still hanging 
on the wall.
She walked out and headed to Washu's Lab.
Nothing had been used for it seemed like forever. 
Spipder Webs hung everywhere and her keyboards 
trashed and missmateld.  Ryoko walked around seeing 
experments wrecked and ones for the past. 
Ryoko contiuded and saw where her and Zero where 
made one. Knowing something was wrong, Ryoko 
tellaported to Tenchi's room.
From the moment she walked in she was in horror. 
The room had been blown apart. His bed lay on the 
bround, and the window busted. His dresser, lay in 
pieces. She looked around in even more horror find 
the Jurain Sword Tenchi on the ground next to a 
piece of Tenchi's clothing, she bent down to see it 
had blood on it. "Tenchi..." she picked it up and 
cried.
A picture still in perfect contact sat on what was 
left of the dresser. Tenchi holding on to Ryoko's 
hand with Muyaku in the center
----
Light crept in Tenchi's room. It shone on the 
picture of Ryoko, Tenchi and Muyaku. 
Tenchi layed in his bed fast asleep, not noticing 
the light creeping in. His eyes tightend, then 
opened. Tenchi looked around noticing Ryoko's bed 
empty. "Wha?!" he looked above and saw no one. He 
then opend the window, seeing Washu tragging a 
tried Ryoko up the stairs.
Tenchi got up, and dressed in his normal closes and 
headed down to see Sasami and Ryo-ohki looking at 
Ryo-oh. "Good morning."
Sasami smiled and put her finger to her mouth. 
"Tenchi look." she pointed at Ryo-oh.
The tree was sending it's Rainbow Light to Jurai 
again.
Sasmi sat back. "The thrid time this month, do you 
think something is worng? Maybe Ayeka can not come 
and is trying to tell us?!"
Muyaku came down the stairs rubbing the sleep out 
of her eyes. "Hi, where is Mommy?"
Sasami stood up. "She left with Washu up the stairs 
this morning."
Tenchi looked out at the stairs. "I wonder what is 
up."
-----
Ryoko sat on a log and yawned. "Your point?"
Washu sighed. "I mean me, in the future, sent this 
little girl back into time to find her parents!"
"Why is it up to us?" Ryoko asked.
"Becuase! She looks like you and Tenchi!" Washu 
yelled.
"What?!" Ryoko stood up. "You mean?!"
Washu nodded and saw Tenchi walking up the stairs. 
"Good Morning Tenchi."
Tenchi nodded and saw Ryoko's expersion on her 
face. "Is something worng?"
Ryoko shock her head. "No Tenchi." she looked at 
her wrist. "Isn't it time to you to go to work?"
"Ah!" Tenchi jumped. "See you later!" he dashed 
down the stairs.
Ryoko waved goodbye and headed down the stairs as 
well. 
"Ryoko...."
Ryoko turned around. "Yes mother?"
"Stop by the Lab today." Washu said as she contiude 
her way down. "Nagi says she wants to know when the 
wedding is."
Ryoko thought and looked up. Snow began to fall 
again. "Not now."
----
Ryoko opened the lab door after lunch that day. 
"Mother?"
Washu popped out and grabbed Ryoko's hand. "Come 
on!"
Ryoko followed and found herslef looking at a 
little girl. She gasped. "She looks like me!"
"But younger." Washu added.
Ryoko thought of her dream the night before, the 
house was lifeless and dissereted. She fell 
backwards with terror in her eyes. "Wh.... Who is 
that?"
Washu shrugged and walked out. Leaving the little 
girl and Ryoko alone.
The little hopped of the table and walked over to 
Ryoko. She hugged Ryoko. "I thought... you left 
with Daddy."
Ryoko looked down at her. "Wh.. Who is Daddy? And 
who are you?"
The little girl gave Ryoko s peice of papper.
She read it. "Syoko?" she asked in question. She 
read more. "Born on July 1st. Daughter of Tenchi 
and Ryoko Masaki...." she looked up and  saw the 
little girl's face. "So... Your name is Syoko uh?"
"Yes." she said.
"What can you do?" Ryoko asked as she became 
airborn.
Syoko followed Ryoko's pattern, doing everything 
Ryoko did.
Ryoko smiled and hugged Syoko, then looked into her 
eyes. 'Like Tenchi's...'
-----
Ryoko found  herself in the dissarted house again. 
She stood up and took Tenchi's cloths with her. 
"Who did this?!" she screamed with tears running 
down her face.
"They did..." a voice said.
Spinning around, Ryoko saw Syoko hidding in the 
shadows. "Wha... what do you mean?"
"The Galaxy Police." Syoko said, her voice serious. 
"They came and took Grandma Washu after you and 
Daddy left."
Ryoko heared people coming. To Jurain Guards came 
and picked up Syoko. "Ma'am, the GP will be here 
soon, we must get you out."
"Azaka." Syoko asked. "Where is Mommy and Daddy?"
Azaka looked over to his partner. "We.. don't 
know."
Next thing Ryoko knew was that the place was beeing 
fired at again.
Ryoko grabbed the sword and the last thing she had 
of Tenchi and flew off.
The picture stood on the dresser and then fell off 
and broke in servel pieces. A Galaxy Police officer 
came in and stepped on it, making the part with 
Tenchi on rip off.
-----
Ryoko woke up and looked around. She was in 
Tenchi's room. She saw everything in place and 
realaxed. 'Where is Syoko?' she wondered. A memory 
of the sword sewpt Ryoko's mind. She floated over 
to Tenchi's bed and found him sleeping. She smiled 
and sat down on his bed. Ryoko kissed him and then 
walked back to her bed and fell asleep.
The picture of the 'family' had a crack across 
Tenchi's face in the picture. The wind suddenly 
blew through the window and rattled the picture, 
but then stopped.
-----
Tenchi got up to see Ryoko gone again. He looked 
outside and saw Ryoko walking with Syoko and 
stopping telling them things. He then looked at the 
calander and saw it was Saturday. 
He got dressed and then walked outside and joined 
Ryoko and Syoko. 
Ryoko hugged him and wrapped her arms around him. 
"Tenchii... can we go to the movies?"
Syoko looked up and tugged on Tenchi's pants. 
"Please daddy?"
"Daddy?" Tenchi asked.
Ryoko nodded and gave him the papper and had a 
supprised look on her face.
Tenchi looked down at Syoko, it was sure, she 
looked like him and Ryoko. "But this dose not mean 
anything, we can have Washu run tests..."
"She has." Ryoko told him, taking his hands. "The 
hair, blood and anything else in our bodies match 
hers."
Tenchi nodded and looked down and her again. 
Letting go of Ryoko's hands he took Syoko is his 
arms. "Ok, lets go."
Ryoko floated above them. Her ring shining in the 
bright sunlight. She looked back and saw a odd 
figure out of the conor of her eye. "Hmm." she 
whispered and caught up with Syoko and Tenchi.
-----
Sayuka walked down the street and saw Tenchi. She 
ran and stopped halfway. "Ryoko..." she hissed. 
Suyaku walked up. "Hi Tenchi..." she said with the 
twinkle in her eyes.
"Hi," Tenchi said. "How are you these days?"
Suykau sighed. 'Guess it don't work no more.' "Well 
I was wondering when the party was."
Ryoko and Tenchi froze and eyed each other. Snow 
began to fall again. Ryoko looked up at the sky. 
"We'll let you know when we talk about it."
Suyaku walked away with her hopes crushed.
Syoko stuck her tunge out at Suyaku. "Go away!"
Ryoko smiled. "She acts like me... in some ways."
"Great!" Tenchi said with sarcasim. "Now I have two 
of them!"
Ryoko stopped. Not knowing it was a joke she looked 
down. "You... think I am a bother?"
Tenchi put Syoko down. "I did not mean to hurt your 
fealings Ryoko, it was called sarcasim, meaning a 
joke." he put his hands on her shoulders.
"I do not find that funny." Ryoko said.
Syoko looked at the sky and saw it snow. "What is 
this?"
Ryoko and Tenchi looked her way. "Snow."
Ryoko looked away. "Tenchi... should we get some of 
those flowers?"
Tenchi looked over to where Ryoko was. He remebered 
his Mom. "Yes."
"Grandma Achika?" Syoko asked looking behind her.
Tenchi turned and saw Achika standing behind Syoko.
-----
Washu came out of her lab that night. "Seems as if 
the Galaxy Police have started a war against 
Jurai."
Sasami looked up. "Now?"
"No Sasami." Washu smiled. "In the future, where 
Syoko comes from. That is why she is here."
Ryo-ohki sniffed at Washu's door. "Meow?"
Washu picked up the cabbit that looked like Ken-
ohki and Ryo-ohki. "This is Syo-ohki. It seems she 
is  the daughter of Ryo-ohki and Ken-ohki."
Sasami and Muyaku looked at each other. "How cute!"
Syo-ohki looked around for Syoko. "Meow?"
Muyaku smiled. "You are soo cute!"
Washu then walked in her lab. "When Tenchi and 
Ryoko get back. Tell me."
"Allright Washu!" both girls said.
"Meow!" Both Cabbits meowed.
-----
Tenchi walked on his way to work, looking back at 
the house. 'Maybe...' he thought 'I am not ready. I 
mean to marry. I think I am ready... but am I? I 
love Ryoko.... and Ayeka soo much! I have 
chosen.... have I?' Tenchi's head ran through 
different questions of himself and the others. He 
knew Ryoko would do anything for him.... would 
Ayeka? Ayeka would give him a wonderful life and 
home..... would Ryoko? Ryoko hade known him since 
childhood...... yet he flet as Ayeka new him since 
before he was born.
He contiuded to walk when he heard screaming. He 
ran to find Ryoko laying in the middle of the 
walkway. "Ryoko-sama? Are you allright?"
Ryoko latched onto him. "Tenchi.... you are 
thinking of going with Ayeka... aren't you?" she 
sobbed.
"No...." Tenchi gulped. "I think."
Ayeka walked up out of the shadows with a Light 
Hawk Sword. "Tenchi.... Jurai has ordered me to 
fight Ryoko and.... heck!" she made the sword 
dissapear. "I don't want to kill Ryoko but I have 
to! No... I don't AGHHH!"
Tenchi looked down to Ryoko. Hurt baddley, she was 
bleeding. "Ayeka!" he snapped. "Look what you did!"
"I did not do that!" Ayeka cried. "I did not! The 
Princess Brat did! I am not a princess anymore! I 
DON'T WANT TO BE A PRINCESS!"
Ryoko covered her wound with her hand. "Tenchi...." 
she began. "Please... tell Syoko, I am sorry for 
leaving her and that I love her."
"No..." Tenchi hugged Ryoko. "No... Ryoko please 
don't..."
Ayeka threw her headband in the drit. "This is not 
me!"
-----
Tenchi woke up in suprise, he looked around. 
"Ryoko!" he whispered and ran over to find her 
asleep. He sat down on his bed and loward his head. 
'What should I do? Leave her, and not let harm come 
to her... but the dream was soo real!' he looked 
back to Ryoko, and gentaly kissed her.
He then layed down in his bed trying to get some 
sleep.
~~~~~
Next Time on Shin Tenchi Muyo 2:
Ryoko: Hmmmmm
Sasami: Ryoko is something worng?
Ryoko: Nope... just wondering what my wedding will 
be like.
Syoko: Mummy! Can I come too?
Tenchi: Anyway..... something has swept over the 
Masaki house making evil dreams... I mean ohh boy I 
am confused here!
Muyaku: Daddy makes his choice to leave or stay! 
Next time on Shin Tenchi Muyo 2: Love and Choices 
Part 1

Theme Song:
Tenchi TV1 Ending Song

Get ready love will leave you cryin'
* It's gonna hurt you till your heart is dyin'
Can't escape it, ain't no use in tryin'
No exception, love will leave you crying too
Till you're a broken man, poor you

The day you see her, a lonely stranger
You only pray that soon you you'll know her name
You finally touch her, then you're in danger
It won't be long before you feel the pain

'Cause your emotions will overtake you
You'll look for heaven in her big brown eyes
But she's no angel, and she'll forsake you
It shouldn't come as any great surprise
Passion isn't really happiness
There is trouble in her sweet caress
Love is confusion
You'll drown in your delusion
If you don't run

(*Repeat)

You think you're macho, a real soldier
But you've never seen this woman smile
You can't resist her, You can't control her
Soon you'll be helpless as a little child

You'll feel so foolish, but just remember
There is no man who wouldn't be her slave
She hot as fire, cold as December
Her kiss will drive you to an early grave

Every time you try to run away
Your desires are gonna make you stay
Still in her power weaker by the hour
Why even fight

(*Repeat)
(Guitar Solo)
Passion isn't really happiness
There is trouble in her sweet caress
Lost in confusion
You'll drown in your delusion
If you don't run

(*Repeat) 




