Authhors Notes: Yeep, all the charecters[besides 
Syoko and Syo-ohki] are copyrighted and owened by 
AIC and PIONEER. Wanna add something to the 
story? Or maybe just ask questions? Drop me a 
line at: sailorsun2080@yahoo.com 'See Ya!' -Nagi, 
the bounty Hunter

                Love and Choices 
                    Part One

That morning everyone sat around the table for 
breakfest. Sasami giggled at the two Cabbits and 
saw Syo-ohki hop on her head.
Muyaku and Syoko happily ate and appraised Sasami 
of her cooking. Syoko looked up to see her father 
worried about something.
She stood and moved her wrist, somehow she had 
gotten the jewels from Ryoko. She then became 
arborn and fell over to Tenchi. She took his hand 
and froze. 'Jurai's power..' she thought. She 
looked away. Then it appeared she had  two jems, 
and one on her left ear. Syoko stood up and 
walked away.
Tenchi seemed even more confussed. The dream the 
night before, with Ayeka and Ryoko. Now... Syoko 
looking confused and supprised at the same time. 
He ate his breakfest and went up stairs and got 
ready to go to work.
Ryoko looked to each family member, minus Ayeka, 
Mihoshi and Kiyone. She smiled. Atleast she did 
not have to worry about Haruna.. or Suyaku. They 
way she saw it, she had won Tenchi's love. If she 
did not.... then way did he ask her to marry him? 
She looked down at her Ring. "Mom, can I talk to 
you in your lab after breakfest?"
Washu seemed not supprised. She smilled her 
motherly smile. "Sure." she still did not 
remember anything about Goddess Tokimi and 
Goddess Tsunami. She always thought she had been 
and regular girl through life. But then it 
happened.... Her husband and child where taken 
from her, then she decided never to have a child 
ever again. Which caussed her to be a young woman 
and make Ryoko. When Kagato kiddnapped Ryoko, she 
just broke down. After being freed from Kagato's 
power, by the Baka Mihoshi, she hung out with 
Tenchi and gang until she left. 
Muyaku had not remembered anything of her past 
life, with Yuzaku the tree of Darkness. She 
always thought that she had always beleaved that 
her mother ran away and left her with her 
Father... Tenchi. She got up and followed Syoko. 
"Syo-sama is something worng?"
Syoko raised her head from her thinking. "I never 
knew.. the power Daddy posses was... that 
storng."
"Power?" Muyaku asked in total supirse.
"Yes... the Jurain Power... you posses it as 
well. But his is more stronger." Syoko looked at 
her hand. "I.... have it also, but mine maybe 
more powerfull, for.... I am not only Jurain but 
I have th powers of my mother." she showed her 
sister her jewels. "I can do anything my mother 
can.... maybe even creat the LightHawk Wings."
"What are the Light Hawk Wings?" Muyaku asked 
looking and Ryo-oh. "You know.. Syoko, you came 
here a month ago and it seems that.. well... you 
have aged."
"Yes," Syoko nodded. "I have aged. Some how the 
Space travel made me older then I really am. 
Maybe for my own good." she watch the snow fall. 
"Muyaku, next week is the holdiay you call 
Christmas. What happens on Christmas?"
Muyaku giggled. "Well... on Christmas we give 
each other gifts and things." she smilled. "The 
best part in decorating the tree."
"Tree?" Syoko asked. "Like a Jurain Tree?"
"No," Muyaku pointed to the forest. "That kind of 
tree, we but a star at top and little glass 
balls." she smiled and looked down. "Last year I 
was not able to give Daddy my present."
"Why not?" Syoko asked looking worried about her 
sister.
"Well... he was on Jurai for some reason with 
Princess Ayeka." Muyaku walked inside. "Want some 
Hot Cocco?"
Syoko smiled. "Yeah!" 
Both Girls headed in and began to make some.
Ryoko looked around to where the girls where 
standing. She smiled and tellaported outside 
Tenchi's room.
-----
Washu typed at he Holotop. "Astro pattern.... 
blood pattern.... hair sample... tissue 
smaple.... eye structer... they are all the 
same." she looked at the results of Syoko's test. 
"I have to prove it yet again to Tenchi..." Washu 
sighed. "Why can he not unerstand that he and 
Ryoko have a daughter..?" she gasped and turned 
around to another Holotop. 'Maybe... he loves 
Ayeka. Not Ryoko.... but then why?' she saw Ryoko 
come in. "What did you want Ryoko?"
Ryoko sat down and looked at the celling. "Well.. 
you have been married. I was wondering what it 
was like..."
Washu nodded. "It was the best thing in the 
universe! The people shouting... the bells and 
geeks and then..."
Ryoko was hooked. "Then?"
"We kissed." Washu sighed happily. "But no 
ordanry kiss."
Ryoko smiled and nodded. She looked up and closed 
her eyes. "Do... you think it will be like that 
with me and Tenchi?"
"Maybe.... maybe. Without the geeks."
Both laughed and got to work.
-----
Sasami giggled and looked up. "Yeah.. we need to 
get presents! But.." she smiled. "Last years 
presents for Tenchi can be this years!"
"Father will love mine!" Muyaku cherred. 
Sasami began to nit. "The one I made last year 
was distroyed." she sighed. "I need to finish 
this one."
Syoko was still confused. She smiled. "What can I 
get for Daddy?"
Sasmi and Muyaku looked at her, both eyed her and 
each other. "Um..." "Chocolates?"
"Got um the year before last year." "A sweater?" 
"I am making one!" "Flowers?" "That is what you 
like." 
Syoko stood up. "I know!" she then ran up to the 
shrine.
Muyaku and Sasami kept on disscusing it and saw 
she was gone. "Ok."
Ryoko came down and smilled. She turned around to 
see Washu.. the smile faded into a frown of 
saddness. Nodding, she truned and looked at 
Sasami and Muyaku. "Tenchi is in bed sick today 
girls." she then walked outside the house. "I am 
going for a walk. I'll be back before our soup 
oppra."
-----
Ryoko walked everywhere she could think. The 
Osen, Fanhu, Ryo-oh, the shrine and finally where 
she and Tenchi frist meet... her cave. She sat 
down and looked at the snow fall. 'Everyday 
here.... was a dream. But know... I do not know.' 
she then stood up and walked to the Masaki Grave 
Yard.
She stood infornt of Achika's tombstone and sat 
down ."Hello Achika." she greated. "You know that 
me and Tenchi are going to be wed. but.... I 
don't think Tenchi really wants to. Ever since 
Syoko came he has been confused and seemed to be 
some where else." she paused. "I would love you 
to be at our wedding, we are going to have it 
where you and Nobuyuki got married. Everyone is 
going to be there, Syoko, Muyaku, Sasami, Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, Ayeka..." she stopped and growled. 
"Grandfather Yosho and Nobuyuki. I would hope you 
come." she smiled. "Good Bye."
Ryoko walked down the steps to the house and 
found Tenchi waiting at the bottom. She walked 
passed him, not wanting to bother his thinking.
"I see you where talking to my mom." Tenchi said 
with his arms crossed to keep warm. 
"Yes."
"Uh.. Ryoko." Tenchi gulped. "I have to tell you 
something."
Ryoko stopped and made her fists. "What is it 
Tenchi?" she asked in a serios tone.
"I have been thinking.... about the wedding."
"Me too."
"Maybe... we should wait.. until this thing with 
Syoko is settled."
Ryoko became angery at Tenchi. "Tenchi! It has!" 
she ran to him, anger filled her eyes. "Syoko is 
our daughter! Washu has proved it!"
"Then why is she here?" Tenchi asked in a dark 
tone of voice.
"Uh... I." Ryoko thought.
"See? You don't know why she is here so how can 
she be our-"
"She is Tenchi Masaki!" Ryoko screamed at him. 
"You are acting like I did with Muyaku! I never 
gave her a chance! Now! Now! You are not giving 
Syoko a chance!"
Tenchi had heard more then he wanted to. He 
raised his hand and struck her in the face.
Ryoko 's body began to shake. Her eyes wide with 
confusion. "Tenchi....." she said and raised her 
hand to her check where he had struck. "I see 
now... you don't love me. You never had! You 
loved Ayeka!" she began to cry and tellaported 
away.
"Ryoko.." Tenchi said to no one. "I did not mean 
to." he then remebered that he had struck her 
when she dropped Muyaku. He looked at his hand, 
it was red form slapping to hard. "What have I 
done?" he asked with his head down.
-----
Nagi sat at tea time with everyone else. They 
where talking about something called Christmas. 
"Must I do this two?"
Everyone shock their heads and talked about what 
they where getting Tenchi. Muyaku said her was a 
suprise. "Yours and everyone here to." Washu told 
her.
Tenchi came in with saddness in his eyes. "Is 
Ryoko here?"
Syoko could tell insatly that something was 
wrong. "She came in and had her fill then left. 
She had a red mark on her face, what was is? Do 
you know?"
Tenchi hissated a little bit then brought out his 
hand and showed it to them. It was red to, not 
red in hurt.. but almost red in blood.
Everyone gasped, remebering the same thing with 
Muyaku and Ryoko. Syoko new what happened. "She 
is in her room."
-----
Ryoko lay on her bed with a bandage on her cheek. 
"Why?" she asked and removed the bandage, Tenchi 
slapped her so hard it was bleeding. She began to 
cry. Tenchi never got so angery, he made her 
bleed. She could not understand why. She looked 
at her jewels on her wrists. She snifed a bit and 
sat up and looked out her window. "Looks like my 
dream is a nightmare."
A knock came outside the door. "Ryoko, can I come 
in?"
Ryoko noticed it was Tenchi. She stuck her head 
outside the wall. 
Tenchi noticed her bandage. "I am sorry Ryoko.. I 
need not mean to."
"And you did not mean it the frist time." Ryoko 
snapped. "I forgave you before.. but now? You 
said you would never do it again!" she then 
stepped completely out. "Look. You did not only 
hit me Tenchi Masaki, your hand also struck me 
with Jurain power!"
"I said I was sorry."
"You are gonna say that again and again Tenchi. 
You do not care! You strcuk me with your power! 
Now look at me! I am bleeding and our daughter is 
down there worried about us."
"She is not my daughter." Tenchi said. He looked 
at Syoko. "How? I mean the person could of taken 
our strands of hair. You could have done it and 
let me think it was our real daughter!"
"Jerk!" Ryoko screamed at Tenchi. "I would never 
fake that!" she then hit Tenchi in the face. Not 
noticing what she did she ran out of the house.
"Hey Ryoko!" Tenchi called.
Syoko and Muyaku saw their parnets spilt apart 
infornt of them. Both seemed suprised as how they 
acted. Syoko toom Muyaku's hand. "Get ready... 
1..."
Tenchi brought his head up and punched the wall.
"2...."
He then ran into his room....
"3...! Muyaku grab Tenchi-ken!"
Muyaku ran up stairs and found Tenchi with 
Tenchi-ken, with the sword ignighted. "Daddy! 
What are you doing?"
"Leaving... to Tokyo."
"But what about Christmas?" Muyaku pleaded. 
"Every year your gone! Please?!"
"I'll come back on Christmas." Tenchi lay on his 
bed and put Tenchi-ken on the dresser next to the 
photo. "I am leaving tomorrow, nothing will stop 
me."
----
Muyaku and Syoko walked down the stairs the next 
morning afarid of what was going to happen. Syoko 
became airborn and sat on the roof after 
breakfest looking for her father.
Muyaku sat under the same tree she did when her 
and Ryoko became mother and daughter. She sat 
with Ryoko, telling her everything she and Tenchi 
talked about the night before. Ryoko listened not 
interupting and nodded. 
Ryoko stood up and took Muyaku's hand. They 
tellaported to the front get just in time to see 
Tenchi leaving. 
-----
Ryoko stopped Tenchi. "Tenchi... I am sorry what 
I said last night, please don't leave me. Not 
again,"
Tenchi did not answere and looked down. "Ryoko... 
please don't stop me."
Ryoko latched on to Tenchi's neck and began to 
cry on his shoulder. "Tenchi... you left me for 
Ayeka... then for Suyaku now... for a reason you 
will not tell me. Please don't leave me!"
Muyaku walked up and stood by her father. "Dad 
please."
Ryoko did not let go of Tenchi even when he 
begged her to. "No. Not again Tenchi. NOT AGAIN!" 
her tears began to fell like waterfalls on 
Tenchi's shoulder.
Tenchi, not even thinking but letting his Jurain 
fellings get out, ignighted Tenchi-ken to a small 
blade about the lenght of two inches. He moved it 
forward and....
"Ahh!" Ryoko screamed falling to the ground in 
pain. She covered her side and saw that it was 
bleeding. She noticed Tenchi-ken as well. "No..." 
she said trying to stand up. "No... it can't be."
Muyaku ran to her mother but her arm was caught 
by her father's. "Mother!"
Syoko ran up and saw her mother's pain. "Father!" 
she screamed and a sign appeared on her head. 
Much like Tenchi's when the Light Hawk Wings 
appeared. She made a sword and faced her father. 
"Please... don't make me."
"Stop." Ryoko pushed Muyaku and Syoko aside. 
"This is between me and Tenchi." she grabbed 
Tenchi-ken and threw and saw Tenchi's blank face. 
"You are going to run to Suyaku again aren't you? 
You maybe it is Haruna."
"No," Tenchi said. "It is not that."
"Then what?!" Ryoko screamed as snow fell again. 
Her tears running down her face.
"I... just." Tenchi could not find the words. The 
dreamed ran across his mind. He pushed Ryoko out 
of the way and dragged Muyaku behind him. 
Ryoko looked up from the ground and saw the man 
she loved so much walk away in a blink of an eye. 
"Tenchi....."
Syoko kneeled next to her mother and watched her 
father walk away. Tears running down both their 
faces. "Good bye father."
Tenchi and Muyaku walked to the bus station is 
silence. Muyaku not talking to Tenchi. Tenchi not 
saying anything. A single tear fell down his 
face.
-----
Ryoko lay on her Mother's medical bed, in pain 
and in saddness. Her eyes red of the saddness 
that had happened. Her wound on her face had 
healed but now.. a new one is formed. Not the one 
on her side. "The one in my heart." Ryoko told 
Syoko. "The one that has kept me from realizing 
that Ayeka and Tenchi are toghter, not me and 
Tenchi but Ayeka and Tenchi."
Syoko shook her head. For if that was so, how 
could she be standing before her? Why would she 
have that gold ring with green stones on it? Why 
do you keep the picture of him and you on the 
wall? Why do you make sure this is a dream when 
it turns out not to be?
Ryoko did not answre, just stared out the window. 
She closed her eyes hidding her tears of pain and 
sorrow. She then turned around and walked up to 
the window.
Her daughter, in fright of what had happend tried 
to stay strong. But it was hard. She fassed out 
of the room and sat on the couch watching her 
show with Sasami.
Washu stood up. "Everyone ready to go shopping?"
Ryoko shook her head. "I can't this year."
"What did you say?"
"Can-" Ryoko stopped Washu hated that word. "I am 
into much pain."
"Please!" Washu healed her finger in the air. "I 
am a Seicetific Genuis! I can make it!" with that 
she ran into the lab and began work.
"I think she is a nut," Sasami said. "For a 
Sister." Sasami had merged with Tsunami about 
five years before, she learned everything, about 
Tokimi and Her then Washu. Tsunami had told 
Sasami not to say anything yet. She nodded and 
went up stairs to chnage.
Nobuyuki and Yosho looked up to Washu's Lab. "It 
seems the wedding is off."
"Wha?!" Nobuyuki stood up. "But, Achika..."
"Achika will understand." Yosho stood up. "I 
think we should go shopping now. What about you?"
"I am coming to." Nagi also stood. "I can't see 
my enemy like this... not if I am going to 
distory her!"
"Ok sure." Nobuyuki told Nagi. "You can come."
The three left with Sasami and Ryo-ohki for the 
shopping, hopefuly it was not going to be like 
last years, but everyone's hopes where in vain.
"I never seen Ryoko so mad at Tenchi...." Sasami 
said.
"Meow?"
"I see she was wonded... I hope Tenchi did not 
use Tenchi-ken on Ryoko." Nobuyuki said.
"I think his Jurain actions took over him." Yosho 
said. "I guess me and Nobuyuki will cut the tree 
down this year."
-----
Muyaku looked out the apartment window, Tokyo was 
beautiful durring winter but she missed home. She 
glanced at her father, who was getting settled. 
She suddenly stood up. "Tenchi I am going 
shopping." she grabbed her coat and hat.
"Call me Dad."
"You don't disserve to be called that name 
Tenchi." Muyaku walked out the door an saw her 
family come up around the conor, she walked like 
she did not see them. 
"Muyaku!" they all cheered.
Muyaku ran to them and saw that Ryoko was not 
there. "Where is mom?"
"She and Washu are gonna go shopping by them 
selfs." Yosho said.
Syoko and Muyaku walked off to by their prestests 
for everyone. Muyaku saw her sister wa hurt 
deeply and decided not to ask. "Is Daddy coming 
for Christmas? What about you?"
Muyaku looked up. "I am but I do not think Father 
is." she glanced over to her sister. "I am three 
years older aren'r I?"
"So?"
"Umm" Muyaku sighed. "Trying to cheer you up. But 
then nothing will."
"Unless Mommy and Daddy will come home, toghter."
~~~~
Next time on Shin Tenchi Muyo 2:
"I am sorry Syoko." Washu said with her head 
down. "Your parents in the future have been 
killed."
Syoko shook her head. "No! No! That can not be 
true!"
---
Ayeka sat on the roof with Ryoko. "I see, I was 
looking forward to your wedding Ryoko."
"I was two." Ryoko said with a lonely tone of 
voice.
"Do you think he'll be here tomorrow?  For 
Christmas?"
"Maybe if I am gone.."
---
All On:
Shin Tenchi Muyo 2: Love and Choices Part 2

Theme Song:
Forever More

Feal The Wind....
Feal The Sun...
And our new day has only begun
On the sand by the sea
It's a peaceful oasis made for you and me
Take my hand...

This place was always waiting'
This beauty all around us   
The air intoxicating 
Just like the love that found us 
 
* Let's forget who we've been 
And give in to the dream 
Maybe life is a song 
That's how it seems... 
 
And forevermore we'll hear the music play 
Yes forevermore I'll take you in my arms this way 
And forevermore we'll know the melody 
We will sing forevermore, just like the peaceful sea 
 
Past the clouds 
Past the sky 
We can only imagine what great mysteries lie 
Other moons 
Other stars 
Close your eyes and together we'll go wandering far 
Take my hand... 
This miracle's undying 
It will never forsake us 
We'll always keep on flying 
Wherever love my take us 
 
(*Repeat) 


