Authors Notes: Shin Tenchi Muyo 2 is my opion of 
what happens if Shin tenchi Muyo and the three 
moives where combind toghter. Some people form 
Tenchi TV appear just to add to it.Will Ryoko's 
whish come true? What about babby Muyaku at the 
end of Mananstu No Eve?

                                                       
Ryoko's Whish
       
Ryoko lay on top of the Masaki Shrine's roof. She 
closed her eyes, remembering all the good times 
that she and Tenchi had. Now, that was over. Ayeka 
and Tenchi lived toghter on Juria and she had been 
left behind by Ayeka.
"Why..." she asked aloud. "Why must I stay here? 
My knight in shineing amorr will never come back."
A shadow hidden behind a cloack stood at the base 
of the shrine. "Ryoko....."
Ryoko looks up and sees the figure. "Nagi!" she 
hissed.
"I see you remeber me." Nagi pulled her hood back 
and jumped on the roof. "Good. Ready to duel? Or 
are you going to make another ecuse this time?!"
Ryoko stood and transformed into her battlle gear. 
"No, I will not. I shall fight you. Now."
Nagi seamed supprise. "Why?"
Ryoko looked up into the sky where Jurai was. "No 
one is hear to stop me. No one to care about.... 
no one to love."
Nagi smiled. "Tenchi?"
Ryoko blushed and drew her sword. "Yes, Tenchi."
Nagi drew hers and began the battle.
-----
Tenchi stood on the base of the Jurai airport. He 
sighed and looked at the checkpoint remembering 
Ryoko. He then saw something that looked like a 
wanted banner. He focased and saw it was Ryoko. He 
smiled and boared the Yugami. 
Kiyone and Mihoshi greated Tenchi. "So how was 
your vaction with Ayeka?"
Tenchi gazed through space. Not hearing their 
question. He thought of something.
Kiyone smiled and looking at Mihoshi.
Mihoshi nodded.
-----
Nagi stood his her foot on Ryoko's chest. 
"Ryoko... seems you are not even trying."
"Why bother?" Ryoko asked. "Just kill me ok? Get 
it over with!!!!"
Nagi took her foot off. "No, Ryoko. Not usless you 
want too. I can tell you don't."
Ryoko stood and faced Nagi and then cried. "Why 
must life be full of heartbreaks? Why did I not 
kill myself when Tenchi kissed Ayeka."
"Your heart would not let Ryoko." Nagi told her. 
"Your heart still loves Tenchi, so do you. Why are 
you stopping yourself from going to him?"
Ryoko looked down. Unable to say. She looked away, 
tears filling her eyes.
Nagi pulled her hood over her head and lept down 
and headed away.
-----
Tenchi sat and drank some tea. "Thanks Kiyone."
Kiyone blushed and saw something sticking out of 
his bag. "Tenchi-sama, what is that?"
Tenchi blushed and gave it to Kiyone.
Kiyone smiled and then gave it back to Tenchi. 
"She is the reason your going home..."
"I guess." he sighed.
Mihoshi came in and gave Tenchi some Sushi. "Here 
you are!"
Tenchi smiled. He then saw a award on the wall. 
"What happened?"
Kiyone and Mihoshi blushed. "Well.... we got that 
award for approving your anocence."
Tenchi smiled and stared out into space.
------
Ryoko walked her way down to Tenchi's house. 
Seeing Nobuyuki coming home with some flowers. She 
smiled and tellaported to the door and walked in. 
"Good afternoon Mr. Masaki."
Nobuyki smiled and handed Ryoko the flowers. "I 
thought you needed some cherring up."
Ryoko thanked him and walked up into her room and 
placed them into a vase. She looked at the picture 
of her and Tenchi standing next to Ryo-oh. She 
smiled saidly and went down to dinner.
-----
Tenchi stayed awake that night staring at the 
celling. 
"Tenchi... we are having, fun aren't we? Everyday 
is like a dream... I hope it'll be like this 
forever. Tenchi..."
He looked around and saw no one. He closed his 
eyes. About to say something.
"Don't say anything now Tenchi. If you do we'll 
never get back. But someday I'll take you on a 
real journey... I will someday...."
He tossed in his bed trying to get to sleep. He 
opened his eyes and sat up and then looked at the 
picture in his suitcase. He, Ryoko and Muyaku, as 
a babby, sat under a tree and ate lunch. Ryoko 
leaning on Tenchi's shoulder. Her eyes happy and 
yet sad.
Tenchi put it away and fell asleep.
-----
Ryoko lay in her bed. She closed her eyes trying 
to stop the tears. Remebering her promise. To take 
Tenchi on a real journey. She opened them, 
remebering how slilly Tenchi looked in a girls 
outfit. She smiled and then began to cry.
Muyaku came in and sat down infront of Ryoko's 
bed. "Mamma?"
Ryoko looked up and saw her. "Yes Muyaku-chan?"
Muyaku sat on her bed. "Mamma... when is Daddy 
coming back?"
Ryoko looked out the window, facing Ryo-oh. She 
saw her, Tenchi, Sasami and Ayeka standing at Ryo-
oh talking. She smiled. "I dunno." she took the 
blanks and put Muyaku under them and fell asleep.
"Someday....."
-----
Tenchi got of Yugami that morning and thanked 
Kiyone and Mihoshi. After saying good bye he 
headed to his house.
Once he got there. He saw everything back to 
normal. He smiled saidly and saw Muyaku playing 
with Ryo-ohki in the yard. "Muyaku-san!"
Muyaku and Ryo-ohki looked up. "Pappa!" "Meow!" 
The two ran to Tenchi with tears of happiness 
running down their faces.
Tenchi hugged Muyaku tightly, "Have you been a 
good girl?"
Muyaku nodded and then looked over to the shrine. 
"Mamma has been with Grandpa ever since you left 
Daddy."
Tenchi smiled and took his daughters hands. "Come 
on Muyaku. Lets go see..." he paused. "Your 
mother."
-----
Ryoko swept the stairs of the Shrine and went back 
to Grandpa. "I am finshed."
He nodded and excused her.
Ryoko lay on the roof she looked up at the sky 
thinking. "Mamma!" Ryoko looked down and saw 
Muyaku. She floated down. "Did you come here all 
bye yourself Muy-san?"
"No," Muyaku said, she giggled. "Daddy came too."
"Daddy?" Ryoko whispered. She saw Tenchi and her 
eyes filled with dissbelive. "Ten..Tenchi?"
Tenchi nodded and smiled at Ryoko. "So are we 
having fun? I hope this is not a dream."
Ryoko smiled and ran to him and hugged him tightly 
and cried.
Muyaku smiled down at Ryo-ohki who was with Ken-
ohki sitting not to far away. She saw a hooded 
figure move past them and put her hand on Tenchi's 
shoulder.
"Good to see her happy again, no Tenchi?" Nagi 
asked and walked down the steps.
"Thanks." Tenchi said hugging Ryoko back.
-----
That night Tenchi leaned against The shrine door 
waiting for Ryoko.
Ryoko came up the stairs dressed in a beautiful 
night gown. She ran into Tenchi's arms. She leand 
her head on his shoulder. "Tenchi..."
"Yes Ryoko?"
"I promised you to take you on a journey..." she 
smiled. "Now. I will."
Tenchi smiled and opened a small black box. A ring 
lay inside.
Ryoko seemed confused by this but smiled.
"Ryoko Uni.." Tenchi began and got on his knees. 
"Will you marry me?"
Ryoko smiled and nodded. "Yes Tenchi Masaki. I 
will."
Muyaku watched form inside the shrine. She smiled 
and  nodded to shadows in the room.
Ryoko and Tenchi walked into the shrine hand and 
hand. The lights truned on and everyone whore 
specail dresses and suits. Tenchi and Ryoko where 
supirsed but happy.
Sasami ran up to Tenchi and gave him a blossom. 
"It is a Jurain Blossom. The youngest of the 
family gives it to the oldest once married."
Ryoko put it in Tenchi pocket on his suit. "Thank 
you Sasami."
Kiyone surived drinks and Mihoshi gave out the 
food.
Tenchi helped Ryoko sit down. She thanked him and 
leaned on him.
Nagi sat down across form the table and stood up. 
"Can I have a beer?"
Everyone laughed.
Nobuyukio sat down next to his son. "Reminds me of 
my and Achika."
"I know Dad." Tenchi said.
"We both do." Ryoko added.
-----
Tenchi and Nobuyuki sat under a tree later that 
night. Nobuyuki stared into the sky. "Seeing you 
marry Ryoko sure gives off flashbacks."
Tenchi nodded and truned around.
And Image of Achika walked around and tried to run 
away from the camera. She then moved over to 
Tenchi and kissed him gently. The wind spoke 'I am 
happy you chose the right one Tenchi.....'
Tenchi looked over at his dad. 'Thanks Mom.' he 
said in his mind.
'You are welcome Tenchi.....'
-----
Ryoko woke up the next moring. Muyaku sleeping in 
her bed. "What if it was a dream?!" she ran down 
the stairs and found Nobuyukio leaving. She 
wandered up to the Shrine and started to work. 
Grandfather came out. "Ryoko? We are you working? 
That is Tenchi's job."
Ryoko looked down at her finger and found the 
ring. She smiled and then ran to the carrot field 
and saw Tenchi.
Ryoko stopped in mid trakes. A young woman was 
with tenchi. Short black hair with green eyes. 
"Suyaku?" she wondered in a whisper voice. She 
appeared infornt of Tenchi. "Tenchi..."
"Hello Ryoko." Tenchi smiled. "I invited Suyaku to 
the wedding."
Ryoko glared at Suyaku, who was latched on the 
Tenchi's arm. She then smiled. "Ok." she then 
hugged Tenchi braking Suyaku's grip.
-----
Nagi slammed her vist into the table. "Come...on 
Ryoko! I am a Bounty Hunter! Not a BridesMaid!"
Ryoko looked at her happily. "This is my chanlenge 
to you. You don't take it, I speared the word that 
Nagi lost to the Space Pirate Ryoko!"
"Fine fine...." Nagi aggreed.
Ryoko thanked her and went to find Tenchi. She 
found him near Ryo-oh. She lept at him and found 
Suyaku. She growled and asked Tenchi if they 
wanted to do something that night.
"Tenchi has promised me to the movies." Suyaku 
said.
"Wha?! I never said that!" Tenchi said. Ryoko 
pushed Suyaku in the water and went with Tenchi.
******
A little girl sat with her mother on a coach. The 
mother tickling her and then stopped and looked 
up.
Her father arivved and said something the little 
girl could not understand.
The mother jumped up and beged him not to leave, 
but he said he had to, he was sorry. He would come 
back.
The mother looked at her daughter.
******
Tenchi and Ryoko walked out of the Ice Cream 
parlor and found themselfs at Tokyo Towor, Ryoko's 
face light up. "Tenchi look! Savage Garden is 
proforming at the Cherry Blossom Festival this 
Saturday!"
"Would you like to go?" Tenchi asked.
"Yes, so would Muyaku." Ryoko said.
~~~~~~~~~
Next time on Shin Tenchi Muyo 2:
Tenchi: Me and Muyaku and Ryoko end up at the 
festval only to find Washu and Sasami....
Ryoko: Seems they like Savage Garden two?
Muyaku: What about Suyaku and that little girl?
Tenchi: More on that In Shin Tenchi Muyo 2: 
Washu's Disscovery!
Muyaku and Ryoko: Hope to see you then!
