                     *DISCLAMIER*
These are characters of AIC and Pioneer.I am not going to make any 
money off this fan fiction.Please don't sue me...Please don't take my
idea...
Thanx agian Anime566,Ryoko Mas,and EvilDrTran for your inspiration and
encouragement.Ryoko Mas, thanx also for checking my work!!
If this is bad...gomen..Oh yea WARNING THIS IS KINDA DARK!!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Stolen Childhood
By:Ryoohki "Wonder Cabbit"


     Ryoko looked up from her perch atop the roof.The sun rised slowly
over the country side.The blew and the cherry bloosms danced.She closed 
her eyes,she thought how lucky she really was.She opened her eyes to
find the beautiful orange and yellow sky.She smiled and looked to her 
side.Ryo-Ohki lay,sleeping soundly."We weren't always this lucky,were
we?"She asked the furry creature with a soft voice.She sighed and 
looked back up,to her old home as she remembered the past.

*Aboard Sojh*

     It had only been a few weeks since my mother and I were captured
and taken aboard this strange ship.I had been locked in what this man
called my room.I had screamed and cried for my mother,she never came.
At first,the man,once in a while was actually nice.This was only in
the first weeks.He gave me a small,prmitive television.He told me,
"This is a gift from daddy."I had an odd feeling,but quickly shoke it
off."Thank you."I had told the man who I thought then was my father.
He then locked me up once agian.I turned on the televsion to see a
family.I looked at the fuzzy,discolored picture.I started to think of
my mother.I started crying to myself,but I remembered what my so called
father had told me."You have NO mother,she was killed."It kept replaying
in my head.The only thing left to remind me of her was my cabbit.The 
furry cabbit hopped to my shoulder to comfort me."Ryo-Ohki,your my 
best friend!"I giggled as she licked my face.I looked back to the T.V.
They had a small girl,running to her father."Daddy,I love you!"Said the
sweet child.A sound could be heard besides the corny music."Dinners ready!
Come to the kicthen!"Called the mother.I longed for a family...

         "Ryoko!"Called Sasami.She was suddenly next to her.She had an 
angry face.

          A sweat drop formed on Ryoko's head."Sorry Sasami."Ryoko sighed

Sasami frowned,"Are you ok Ryoko,you were in your own little world."
Sasami began feeling her forehead.

          "I'm fine Sasami...just lost in thought.

"Oh?"Sasami looked at Ryoko couriously.She blinked and looked agian.
Breakfest is getting cold!We've gotta go!"Sasami was once agian her cheery
self.


         Ryoko sunk though the roof and appeared in the kitchen.She flopped 
down to take her seat next to Tenchi.She turned to him and smiled."Good 
morning Tenchi!"She drapped her arms around Tenchi's neck.Just then they
heard thudding of footsteps down the stairs.
    

        Ayeka walked into the room.Ayeka gave an evil glare to the demoness
who was smiling evily to the princess."Ryoko!Get your hands off of Lord 
Tenchi!"Ayeka's eyebrow started twitching.

        Ryoko laughed at the purple-haired
woman.

       Ayeka snarled,all of a sudden logs surrounded Ryoko.Ayeka unleashed
her power.

       Ryoko disappeared and sighed.She really wasen't in the mood for a
fight.She came up behind Ayeka from a distance.

       Ayeka turned to see Ryoko 
letting one of her energy balls fly.Ayeka's sheild went up and her attack 
was reflected.

       Ryoko growled slightly.

       "Ho,Ho,Ho!You think you can defeat the 
crown princess of Jurai!"Ayeka laughed cruely.

        Ryoko got out her energy sword.
"You wanna play rough princess?Then lets go!"Ryoko came down on the princess.

        Ayeka put up her sheild quickly once agian.

        Ryoko was thrown back by the force.
Ryoko got up with a sigh.

        Ayeka was laughing as annoying as ever.

        Ryoko frowned
as she walked toward her.


        Everyone at the kichen table had a sweat drop.Tenchi sighed.......
"Not agian..."


        Ryoko brought up an energy ball,ready to use it.All of a sudden she
froze.Sweat streamed down her face...


*Love me daddy...*

        
         Today I was allowed outside my room.I wandered out.I looked up to
the man who some how got me to belive I was his daughter.I ran to the man,my arms
outstreched."Daddy!I love you!"I smiled as I ran.A powerful force hit my body.
It was like a thousand knifes throughout my body.Blood poured out my nose and
mouth.I flew backward,hitting the wall hard.This was the first time he ever
striked me."DON'T EVER DO THAT AGIAN!"He screamed at me.I started crying."You
got that crap from my gift!"He took my television,smashing it to a million pieces.
"This was your first practice,do better next time."He told me sternly."I want you
to look at your wrist...see those jewels?"The evil man asked me.I nodded my head
slowly."Thats where your power comes from,use it."The man once agian answered.
He walked over to me.He picked me up by my callor,lifting me from the ground."You
will have many uses....many.."


         Ryoko shoke her head.She wiped the sweat from her forehead.She looked
up to Ayeka who was laughing wildly.Ryoko put up her shield just in time to cover
Ayeka's blast.


         The table was quiet.Washu frowned to her daughter.She knew she wasn't
fighting well,she was thinking too much.

         Sasami stood up,"Please eat!"She said as
tears welled in her eyes."Breakfest is getting cold..."


         Relcutently both girls sat down and ate."I'm sorry Sasami..."Ayeka sighed
as she ate.

         Ryoko nodded in agreement.

         Sasasmi smiled at the two."It's ok!Now just
eat!"They ate in peace for the rest of breakfest.


         Ayeka turned on the T.V.,their soap oprea was on.The girls gathered 
around the television.This was the one time they actually got along.

         Tenchi sneaked
out the door to school.

         Nobuyki made his way to work,complaining about the long
commune home every day.

         Yosho walked off to the shrine.He didn't mind the long
walk up the stairs.


         Ryoko had her face agianst the television,there was a puddle of drool
under her chin.

         Ayeka covered Sasami's eyes as Sasasmi covered Ryo-Ohki's.

         "Mew?"
Questioned the small cabbit.

         "Shhh, hush Ryo-Ohki!"They all told her.

         Washu's
eyes went wide as she grined at the T.V.


         Ryoko sat up quickly.She was once agian sweating.She began to feel
dizzyness overwhelm her.She layed her head in her arms.

        "Ryoko are you ok?"
Sasasmi asked worriedly.

         The group turned to look at the confused Ryoko.


*'His' time*

         Once agian...in 'my' room.I have been here for a while..birthdays pasted.
I was locked in my room,my world.Yet I was still not safe from 'him' in this
hell hole either.I heard a rattling at the door.I looked over to the door to see
'father'.He smiled evily at me."Ryoko,it's my time."The man ordered me with a
stern face.I hid..under the covers.I cried silently,I knew what he meant.Yet if I
told him no,he would kill me..or worse.I felt the bed begin to move as he climbed
apon it.I heard my Ryo-Ohki began to hiss.I felt the covers being tugged from
my tiny hands.I began to cry agian.I muttered under my breath "no.."As he had 
his way.I was only a toy.To escape him I went to my world..where my mother
was alive and well,and yes Ryo-Ohki was there too.We were a happy family,
enjoying eachothers company.Suddenly I felt the heaviness lift.He looked ack
at me."Practice in an hour."And left me.I curled up in my bed,crying heavyly.I
couldn't stop my tears from flowing.Ryo-Ohki jumped up under my chin.She tried to
comfort me.I knew he would be back...when he wanted his puppet.If mama was here,
he wouldn't hurt me.I thought to myself and cried harder.


        Ryoko's head came up from her arms.She had not noticed the tears flowing
freely from her eyes.She quickly wiped them away.She looked to her side to see a
group of worried faces.


        "Ryoko....whats wrong?"Sasami asked innocently.

         The rest nodded their 
heads,showing their concern.

         Washu sat silently,occanially looking at her daughter
mournfully.


        Ryoko looked with surprise."I'm fine........just the dust and..."


        Washu gave an evil glare to Ryoko for lying to her friends who were only
trying to help.


        "And..."She sighed as she looked to her mother."And... it's allergy
season..."


       The group got sweat drops.

       Mihoshi started yelling,they all looked toward 
her.She had changed the T.V. show to...."KIDS TIME!"Mihoshi yelled,jumping up and
down."YAY!"

        The group got yet another sweat drop and fell backward.
        Kiyone's
head hit the coffee table with a *thud*


        Each of the girls decided it was time to go.They departed their own way.

        Washu wandered off to her lab.

        Sasami began playing with Ryo-Ohki outside.

        Ryoko
flew outside to wait for Tenchi to come home.

        Ayeka walked up to her room to read.

        Kiyone sneaked off to take a walk.

        Mihoshi was left..watching her show.


        Ayeka sat in her room,reading her book quietly.

        Sasami walked in the room.
She sat down next to Ayeka."Whatcha reading?"She asked her older sister.

        Ayeka
put the book down."It's a love novel Sasami."She answered her sister.

        "Oh.."Sasami
said plainly.She frowned,"Ayeka.."She began.

        "Yes Sasami?"Ayeka looked at Sasami.

"I'm worried about Ryoko...shes been...lost in thought.."Sasami told her sister
with a worried face.

        "She just wants attention Sasami,don't worry about it."Ayeka
scowled.

        "No shes not!!"Sasami protested.

        "Mew!'Ryo-Ohki added from atop Sasami's
head,obviously agreeing.

        Ayeka looked at her sister agian."I don't know what to 
tell you."Ayeka shrugged her shoulders.

        Sasami frowned and left to start making 
lunch.


        Ryoko sat on the cherry bloosm branch.She waited for Tenchi happily."I 
can't wait!"She said excitedly.Ryoko truely loved Tenchi,she missed him everyday
when he left for school.


        Tenchi frowned as his teacher went on and on about something.He could feel
himself drifting asleep.

        "MR.MASAKI!"The teacher announced him."Could you explain my 
lecture,Mr.Masaki?"

        Tenchi's face got bright red."Ummmmm...uhhh...."Tenchi's face
got redder.

        "You were not listening!"The teacher growled."Get in the hall,you've
got a '0' for the day!"He snarled at Tenchi.

         Tenchi got another sweat drop and 
wandered out of his class.He closed the door and the laughing childern could not be
heard anymore.He fell to the floor."Not good..."


          "LUNCH IS READY!"Called the small,pink eyed girl.

           One by one they came in and all sat down to eat.
 
           "Where were you all day my dear?"Washu asked her daughter.

           "Shouldn't you know!?You read my mind!"Ryoko told her mother as she
turned away.

           Washu sighed,"I will not use my link if it bothers you so."Washu said
plainly.

          Mihoshi griped Kiyone's arm tightly."Don't ever leave me agian Kiyone!"
Cried Mihoshi.

          Kiyone sighed,trying to use her arm to eat."You don't need me ALL the 
time..."Pleaded Kiyone helplessly.

         "YES I DO!!"Mihoshi balled.

         Kiyone got a bad headache.

        Washu sighed and walked to her lab.She felt very tired and sad.She was a 
mix of emontions.She could see all of Ryoko's flashbacks.It's not like she was
trying...It just came to her.She had been there the whole time.That was what 
really hurt.She couldn't be there for her when her daughter needed her.She sighed
as she buried herself in her work.

        The bell finially rang.He was now in his last hour.He had been yelled at
for not listening...not that he was listening there either.

       Ryoko layed on the couch."Bored,bored,bored.."Was all she could say.

      "Shut up Ryoko!Go do something creative!"Ayeka yelled at Ryoko.

      "I would if Tenchi was here......."Ryoko started.

     "Don't even start that Ryoko!"Screamed Ayeka giving her an evil glare.

       Tenchi walked home."Geez I hate walking home.."Complained Tenchi.He didn't
have the best day.First the fight,then the lecture.He sighed and looked up to see
Ryoko.

       "Hi Tenchi!!"Ryoko hugged him tightly.

       "Geez Ryoko....let me breathe.."He pulled her arms to losen her grip.

      "I'm sorry Tenchi.."She told him.

      He looked to her yellow,feline eyes.She was very pretty,he thought to
himself.He didn't want to hurt Ayeka either.He just couldn't choose right now.
He did know he loved them both very much.

      Ryoko smiled at him brightly.She loved him so much...Ryoko began to sweat
as she fell to her knees.

      "Ryoko..."Tenchi asked worried.

*I don't want to kill...*

       I had just killed off a planet..agianst my will.I felt like crying.At this
time I was about Sasasmi's age.I didn't want to go 'home',but I had to.There was
no way around 'him'.I frowned,"Ryo-Ohki,home."I said wearily."At least he got what
he wanted.."I told myself.When we finially got to our destination,I grabed my item.
I hopped off the ship.He met me outside and stole it from my hands.I was bleeding a 
bit,nothing to cry about."That was your first lesson,soon I will give you a second."
The man ordered me."Do I have to kill anymore?"I began to feel sick just thinking 
about it.I remembered their faces.The boy who cried to me,"Please..don't hurt me.."
I killed him,taking away his precious life.I tried to resist,I couldn't."Oh,by the
way.."The man turned to me,simply ignoring my question."Don't ever resist me agian!"
He slapped me and left.I fell to my knees.My ear started bleeding."I don't want
to kill....daddy..."

        Ryoko touched her face and got up from the ground.

        "Ryoko..are you ok?"He asked her helping her to her feet.

        She nodded her head slowly,still touching her face.She was in a daze.She
could feel the burning of her face.The trickle of warm blood run out her ear and
down her face.She remembered it as though it just happened.She wiped the sweat from
her forehead.

        "Ryoko.."Tenchi began,but was quickly cut off.

        "Lets go!We don't want to make Sasasmi mad!"Ryoko pulled Tenchi along.She
quickly whispered "agian."They both ran toward the house.

        Sasami looked out the kichen window and giggled."Cute!"

       Ryo-Ohki jumped from the counter to Sasami's head."Mew!"The cabbit purred.

      Sasami poured the soup into bowls."There we go!"She said happily.She started
to sing to herself."Dream away,dream he'll stay..."The song seemed fimilar..she
just couldn't place it.

      Ayeka looked out the window in discust."Poor Tenchi..that monster woman is
always hanging on him...or trys to rape him.."She sighed and walked out to what
she called a disturbance.

       Both Mihoshi and Kiyone were sitting at the table.They were very hungry.

       "I'm starving Kiyone!"Whined Mihoshi.

       "You are not!"Kiyone put her head in her hands.

        Ryoko laughed pulling Tenchi into the kitchen.She had covered the tradgety
of the past very well.She really didn't want Tenchi to know..

       Ayeka stormed into the kichen."Let him go!"Ordered the crowned princess of
Jurai.

       "Silly princess,its only that lovers can cuddle..."Ryoko shot back,but was
cut off.

        "You are not!!"A vain popped from her head.

        Washu walked in the kichen."Now,now girls..don't let Sasami's wonderful
food go to waste."

        Sasami blushed at Washu's commet.

        Both sat down and ate.

        Washu looked at her daughter and pointed up.

        Ryoko nodded to Washu as they looked up.

       There was a slight creaking sound.A tip of a ship fell through
the roof.

       "NO!NOT AGIAN!!"Cried Tenchi wide-eyed."Why me.."Tears came down his cheeks.

        They all ran out of the kichen.

       "HIT THE FLOOR!"Yelled Ryoko as they slid across the floor.

       Appeared in front of them was Minagi.She looked like Ryoko,except she had
moon-like shapes on her cheeks."Opps.."Minagi said looking at the damage."Sorry.."
She looked down,ashamed.

       "It's ok Minagi."Tenchi said trying to sound calm.

       "I..I..kinda ran outta gas..."Stammered Minagi,really hoping they weren't 
mad.

       Sasami smiled cheek to cheek.She ran to Minagi,giving her a hug.

      "I missed you too Sasami."Minagi laughed returning the hug.

      Ryoko hung on Tenchi's neck,watching the two.

       Minagi looked toward Tenchi and Ryoko.She ran up to them.She got right in
their faces."Long time no see!"Minagi giggled to them.

       "Hi Minagi!"Tenchi said,forgetting about the roof.

       Ryoko waved to her.

*After a long chat...*

        Everyone sat in the living room.They told about what happened since she 
left.

       Ryoko sat up in the rafters.She was half asleep.

       Minagi siddenly appeared beside her."Ryoko!Come down and chat with us!"
Laughed Minagi.

       Ryoko almost fell off the rafter."Geez Minagi!You scared the shit outta me!"
Ryoko said,trying to regain her spot.

       The group looked up and laughed.

      "Come on down Ryoko!"Called Tenchi upward.

       Ryoko smiled at him.She appeared next to him.

       Ayeka's face got bright red with anger.

       Ryoko stuck her tounge out at her,pulling under neath her right eye.

      The group gave a warning gaze to them both.

      They stopped,saying "fine.."in courous.

       It was getting late out.They were all outside.Minagi had never seen 
fireflies.She loved the small creatures at first glance.

       Ryo-Ohki sniffed one of the small insects.It glowed brightly as she tried to
pounce it."Merowww!"The cabbit pounced,but always found she had not caught it when
she looked in her paws.

       Ryoko and Sasami laughed at Ryo-Ohki.

      "Kawii!"Sasami exclaimed.

       Ryoko smiled at the blue-haired girl.Ryoko looked up,she stared at 
nothingness she couldn't control...

*Thank you Yosho*

       I was in combat with no other then Yosho.He finially had me,I was done for.
I didn't want to attack him...I had no choice.He had his sword through my neck.He
slowly drained my power,taking my three jewels.He trapped me in the hell hole,the
cave.For years I went by life worthless,nothing to live for.Nothing to live for till
I saw him...Tenchi ..When he played...I wanted to play with him.When he cried.....
I wanted to cry for him.But I could not touch...could not cry.Until that same boy
set me free so many years later.I attacked him..I didn't understand.The rest was
history..until 'he' returned.I thought he killed Tenchi...I cried..for him..for me.
Come to find out my mother was not dead..She asked me.."Could you call me mom!"
I growled a bit and turned away.I had thought she abandoned me.Then I found Tenchi
was alive!I was happy for me..for us.Now everything was fine..except the fact I'm 
in constant battle to win Tenchi's heart..

      Ryoko shoke her head to rid the thoughts.She found herself finially safe,
and smiled.

     Sasasmi looked to her with big pink eyes."Ryoko...you were lost agian."

     Ryoko laughed,they both turned their eyes to the lonely moon.

    It was time for bed.Everyone was so tired.	Minagi stayed in Ayeka and Sasasmi's
room.

    Tenchi laied in bed.He looked up to see Ryoko."Ryoko...come on..go to your own
bed..please..."

    Ryoko gave him big eyes and left.

   Tenchi turned over and went to sleep.

     Ryoko listened to Tenchi.She laied in bed,thinking of the day she would win
Tenchi's heart.She fell asleep.She quickly found that wasn't the best idea..

    Ryoko found herself dreaming..of the flashbacks she had been having all day.
The abandonement of my mother..the practices,warnings,and beatings..from 'him'.How
scared I felt when it was his time...daddy's time.When he made me kill the innocent
..remembering the small boy crying."Please..don't hurt me.."I remembered his tiny
face pleading.The flashbacks swirled through my mind..Yosho..trapping me in the
dark,lonely cave..He did this to me..daddy..

    "KAGATO!NO!"Ryoko cried as she sat up.She breathed hard.She was also sweating.
She pulled her legs close to her body,hugging them.She put her head in her knees
and cried softly.She hoped no one heard..

     Tenchi fell out of his bed when he heard Ryoko's cry."What the.."Tenchi started
as he got up,throwing on some clothes.He ran to her room.

     Washu saw her dream..heard her cry."Ryoko.."Was all she said before 
disappearing to where she was needed.

     Kiyone got up suddenly."Huh?"Questioned Kiyone as she looked around.

    Mihoshi got up  following."What's wrong Kiyone?"Mihoshi asked her partner.

    Kiyone looked to Mihoshi."Put on your slippers detective."

    Minagi woke from her sleep."Ryoko.."She murrmered as she got off her bed.

    Ayeka looked up to see Minagi leaving.She looked over to Sasami,she was up too.
"What's going on,look what time it is.."Ayeka began to the others.

    Minagi quickly disappeared..leaving the two behind.

    Sasami looked at her sister and grabbed her."Let's go!'Cried Sasasmi ,as she 
dragged her older sister to Ryoko's room.

    They met in the hall,all except Washu and Minagi.They saw the door was open.
They heard her crying.All of them looked at eachother with worried faces.

    Tenchi walked in,he was followed by the others.

    They looked in surprise as they saw the demoness of who knows how many worlds,
crying on her mother.

    Washu stroked her daughters cyran hair.She whispered in her ear."I know dear...
I know all to well.."

    Minagi nodded in support as she turned to see the others.

    "What happened..what's wrong?"Tenchi asked Minagi concerned.

     Minagi sighed as she turned to her sister."She's been having flashbacks..they
all came together tonight.."Minagi looked down as though she did something wrong.

     Tenchi turned to Ryoko and started to walk toward her.

     Sasasmi grabed Tenchi's shirt and followed.Sasasmi held Ayeka's hand,pulling 
her along.

     Mihoshi had a hold on Ayeka.It seemed like the thing to do.

     Kiyone tryed to hold Mihoshi back,she was pulled along with the parade.

     Ryoko looked up to see a crowd of people.She wiped her tear-stained face.

     "We want to help."Tenchi offered her.

    She blinked at him confused."How..how would you help?"Ryoko questioned his
offer.

     Sasasmi broke in,"Ryoko,were your friends!That's all you need!"

    "Mew!"Added Ryo-Ohki to her master.

    Ryoko smiled at the small girl.She nodded slowly,breaking away from her mother.
<Thank you...mom..>Ryoko used her link to her mother.

     Washu smiled,holding back her tears.She had waited so long to here it from 
her truthfully.

     Ryoko turned back to Washu."Why now?Why did my past come back now?"

     Washu looked to her daughter with serious eyes."My dear,when Kagato had you,
he implanted a bit of information.He made sure you remembered him in death.As for
now...don't you remember,it's the anniversy of us being captured."Washu drew a deep
breath."That's why."

     Everyone looked at Washu with a mix of surprise and confusion.

     "Then that would explain why."Ryoko smiled."Could you by any chance..change it?"

     Washu frowned,"When you got your flashbacks,I saw them too,along with Minagi."
She sighed looking down."I..I..don't know..but I will if it kills me..help you."

     Ryoko nodded.

     "Geez!Look what time it is!"Cried Tenchi.

     Everyone wandered out of Ryoko's room.

     Ryoko sighed happily in her room."Fuck you daddy..."

*Next day*

      "That's my rice cracker dammit!'Cried Ryoko.

       "NO!I saw it first!"Growled Ayeka.

       "This is a peaceful morning.."Kamadake told the other gaurdian.

       "Yes.."Azaka replied to Kamadake.

             *THE END!*


*Forevermore*
Feel the wind
Feel the sun
And our new day in paradise has only begun.
On the sand by the sea
It's a peaceful oasis made for you and for
me
Take my hand....

This place was always waiting
This bueaty all around us
The air intoxicating
Just like the love that found us.


*Let's forget who we've been
And give in to the dream
Maybe life is a song
That's how it seems...


And forevermore we'll hear the 
music play
Yes forevermore I'll take you in
my arms this way
And forevermore we'll know the
melody
We will sing forevermore,just like
the peaceful sea


Past the clouds
Past the sky
We can only imagine what great
mystries lie
Other moons
Other stars
Close your eyes and together
we'll go wandering far
Take my hand...


This miracles undying
It never will forsake us
We'll always keep on flying
Where ever love may take us
(*Repeat)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Thanx for reading my fan fiction!Could you please send me some e-mail about my story.
I would like to know what you think.My e-mail adress is Ryoohki275@aol.com..THANX!!
By the way,Minagi is from the No Need for Tenchi graphic novels.Hope you enjoyed,
gomen if you didn't.
     
           
          


         


          