Disclaimer
I dont own Tenchi or any of the characters (except Aoten), some other people 
do, but I dont.
Dont plagarise without asking AND waiting for a response.
Aoten is mine, as far as Im aware, if you ask nice though you can
use him. (If you would want to for some reason)


Tenchi Muyo: A Story Of The Chosen

  The young man sat alone on the wooded hillside. The height of his vantage
point was causing a stiff, icy breeze to swirl around him caressing his 
clothes,
barely ruffling his close cropped hair. He paid them no heed; he was doing 
what
he had always done. He was waiting. The hissing sound of pine needles in 
motion
increased. Barely perceptibly the boy stiffened, aware of what was to come 
as it
had so many times before.

"Aoten."
The hissing needles formed themselves into a voice, a whisper, so subtle 
that
Aoten had to use all his concentration to discern it from the other sounds 
of
the living forest.
"Yes my Lord?"
"You have felt it?" whispered the disembodied entity.
"Yes my Lord."
"Are you prepared for this?" Questioning, faint hint of challenge. "It may 
pose
an interesting challenge."
"..."
"Come my child, you can hide nothing from me." Now more compassionate.
"I am not it's equal" Calm voiced despite the bitterness that was engulfing 
his
soul. *I cannot fail my master.*
A chuckling sound came from the trees. "I have told you, I am a father not a
master, to all, not simply yourself."
Silence descended for a few moments as if the voice was lost in 
contemplation.
"My son?" the voice said.
"I am here, my Lord."
"It is time."
"I know, I have felt it."
"This is why you were chosen, the purpose I always envisaged for you. It is 
time
to go back."
"What do I seek?"
"That you must discover for yourself, the thing you have yet to find, the
completion of your power."
"Then I will be strong enough?"
"It is time to go back."
"I understand my lord. I obey."
"Are you prepared?"
Aoten stood and gave an almost imperceptible nod.
"Go in peace my child."
A faint aura of light appeared at his feet, and rose quickly. Once his body 
was
fully engulfed his being began to fade. At the final moment, he screamed, an
inhuman, animalistic sound. And he was gone, flowing through the Ether that
binds life together, towards his destination. His origin, a planet called 
Earth.


Notes:
Well, this is my first fan fiction; although this is just an introduction, 
so
don't worry about the lack of Tenchi characters.
In the next instalment they'll be there, I'll be using a mixture of 
timelines,
as I would rather alter them to fit my story than the other way around.
Send ANY comments to Snypa338@hotmail.com. I take criticism gladly, as long 
as
it's constructive and you make it clear what you're talking about. Any mail
along the lines of "Your fic is fucking shit" will be deleted, (unless you 
can
prove it). Having said that I wouldn't mind some praise if anyone thinks I
deserve it. Thanks for your time.

Ps, this is NOT a SI fic so please don't think it is.

