Disclaimer
I dont own Tenchi or any of the characters (except Aoten), some other people 
do, but I dont.
Dont plagarise without asking AND waiting for a response.
Aoten is mine, as far as Im aware, if you ask nice though you can
use him. (If you would want to for some reason)

Tenchi Muyo: A Story Of The Chosen
Part 1


  Tenchi glanced up from his job of sweeping the shrine's courtyard. leaning 
heavily
on his broom he wiped his brow and glanced at the azure sky. Exhaling 
heavily, he
lost himself for a few moments in thought.
*I'd welcome weather like this if I didn't have to work in it.*
   In an unusual moment, he hoped that one of the girls would come to see 
how he was
doing. At least whatever Ryoko or Aeka did to him would help to relieve some 
of the
monotony and give him an excuse to stop for a while.

   Watching him from a branch just inside the tree line, Ryoko's desires 
were
uncommonly similar to Tenchi's.
*Maybe I should go to him, he looks lonely* the thought of loneliness 
bringing
unpleasant memories to her mind.*No, he probably wants to be alone.*

  As she climbs the steps to the shrine, Aeka's thoughts follow a similar 
line.
*should I leave him alone? Perhaps he came up here to be away from the 
family for a
few hours.*
  But she knew she couldn't turn back. Ryoko had been out of the house for 
some
time, and the thought of leaving her alone with Tenchi was
too terrible for her to consider.


  Tenchi's head rose from the task of sweeping to turn towards the sound of 
the shrine
steps being climbed by someone as yet unseen.
"Hello? Whose that?" he called.
"Oh, lord Tenchi! You startled me." she lied.
"Hi miss Aeka, what brings you up here?"
"Just walking, it's such a beautiful day, don't you think?
"Er, yeah I guess so, it doesn't make this yard work any easier though."
"Oh, would you like a drink?" offering the bottle she carried she took a 
step forward.
"Thank y-" was all that Tenchi managed before a floating figure draped 
itself around
his shoulders.
  Tenchi's startled scream was very unbecoming of a prince, or indeed a 
normal
human being.

  Ryoko had been lost in thought until she had heard the sound of Aeka's 
voice.
"Why that little stuck up bitch, going after my love just because she thinks 
no-ones
around." then she sighed, "No rest for the wicked."

"RYOKO!, unhand lord Tenchi this instant!"
"Jeez princess, keep your voice down, that hurts!"
"Girls, please! not today!"
  The simultaneous glares he got ended his protests.
"Ryoko you're obviously not wanted here, so leave lord Tenchi and I alone."
"Hey princess,"
"WHAT!"
"Bite me."
"How dare you? It is time you learned how to address your betters."
"Lets see what you've got. Little girl."
"I assure you nothing will give me greater pleasure."

  For once Sasami found herself with nothing to occupy her, so she simply 
sat in front
of the television, accompanied by the two GP officers that shared their 
home. Kiyone
was reassembling her pistol, while her partner absently channel hopped. For 
once the
house was in a state of peace and order, the reasons for this both having 
gone out
earlier. With Ryo-ohki slumbering between her and Kiyone, she waited for the
inevitable. The low rumble from the direction of the shrine came. Sasami had 
been
waiting for it since Aeka had left an hour ago, so her reaction was more 
muted than
that of the GP officers.
"Dammit!" Kiyone cursed as the weapon fell to the floor and returned itself 
to its
component parts. "Cant they give it a rest for one fu..er, damn ed day?" she 
corrected
herself, remembering her present company.
"Owww..."
  Both glanced round in time to see Mihoshi attempting to rise from where 
she had
fallen off the sofa.
"Oh, enough is enough, come on Sasami, I'm going to sort this out before we 
have to
get Washu to build us another home. Mihoshi are you coming?"
"Hmmm?"
"Just follow us for God's sake!" *did I do something wrong in a previous 
life?*
"Oh, ok Kiyone." came the cheerful reply.
*If I did I am really sorry. *

  Both girls were now getting into the fight more passionately, trading 
increasingly
powerful attacks with each other in their escalating fury.
Tenchi's worry was escalating as well as the danger of severe damage coming 
to
either the girls or the surrounding area increased.
He was building himself up for a rare outburst of anger when they were 
interrupted.

"Excuse me." the voice came from the shrine's stairway, which Tenchi had had 
his
back to while observing the battle taking place before him.
  Spinning round at the sound of the softly spoken words, he looked in 
apprehension
at the figure standing before him. The young man, probably no more two years 
older
than himself, stood calmly with his hands clasped on top of each other at 
his waist. he
had short cropped black hair as though someone had run a razor over his head 
that left
it at a length of about 1/2 of an inch all over. The man was tall at maybe a 
little over
6" but had a quite slim build that admittedly was largely obscured by the 
cowled
garment he wore, brown and in the style of a slightly shortened monk's 
habit. His face
was handsome but not strikingly so. His eyes were green and seemed to 
radiate a calm
that seemed to force its serenity upon you if you looked too hard. But 
something
indefinable and unsettling lay beyond them. Just out of reach. He looked to 
be a
westerner.

"Oh, er hello, can I help you?"
"I believe so, is this the Masaki shrine? I would like to see priest if 
possible."
"I'm sorry, but grandfather is away attending a ceremony, we expect him back 
the day
after tomorrow."
"Yea! So come back then, we're busy!"
"Ryoko!" spluttered Tenchi, then to the stranger who was yet to react to the 
scene of
destruction, "Sorry about that."
"It is not your responsibility to apologise." he then fixed Ryoko with a 
gaze that came
worryingly close to releasing the unsettling feeling Tenchi had felt in him.
"Ryoko, he's right you know, you shouldn't speak to people like that."
Aeka, who had been silent since the stranger's arrival, now wore a subtle 
look of
victory on her face. Seeing this, Ryoko knew that to back down now would 
result in
losing a small battle, more subtle than the last, to Aeka.
"You gonna make me apologise?" she said taking an aggressive stance.
  The dark haired man let out a defeated sounding sigh and lowered his head 
slightly.
Tenchi noticed that he had arranged the fingers of his left hand as though 
making a
'gun' with them, index and middle finger straight and thumb stuck out.
  There was a small swirl of dust at his feet and before anyone could move 
he waved
his hand in a dismissive gesture towards Ryoko. A trail of disturbed dust 
shot towards
Ryoko. It struck her standing in a defensive stance and bodily threw her 
back 20 feet
and through the wall of one of the shrine buildings.
  Tenchi stared at the wrecked wall in disbelieving silence.
"You are Tenchi Masaki?"
"What do you want with us?"
"Not us, you."
  Before Tenchi could respond, Aeka overcame her shock and screamed "Get 
away
from him!" as loud as her royal conditioning allowed her.
The man looked straight at her as she charged her Jurian power, just as she 
was
beginning to materialise her miniature power logs, the three-fingered 
gesture was
repeated and the hole in the wall was given a twin.
  While this was happening, Tenchi was backing toward the storage shed that 
held
Katsuhito's training bokken. His mind was racing with anger, his own safety 
forgotten
in fear for his family's. As the stranger looked in his direction he darted 
the last few
feet and grabbed the nearest wooden sword. With fury on his face he charged 
the
attacker.
"Leave them alone you… You BASTARD!"
  With a splayed hand held in front of him, the stranger then clenched it 
into a fist and
Tenchi found his whole body held an inch off the ground in a vice like grip 
that cut
off his air, arms trapped at his sides, the weapon fell from his grasp with 
a clatter. His
head lolled to one side and blackness overtook him. The last thing he heard 
was
Ryokos hysterical cry.
"NO! Let him go you fuck!"
  She had managed to get out of the building and had made it a few feet 
before falling
to her knees.
"Plea...Please let him go.... please let him go."
  Her scream becoming a mumble by the end, tears choking off her words.  
Aoten
looked at her with confusion on his face, then as a realisation dawned, he 
opened his
fist releasing Tenchi. He looked back at Ryoko sobbing on her knees and a 
look of
sadness overtook the confusion. After seconds that seemed like eternity his 
calm
expression returned, with sadness still in his every move he looked at the 
sky.
"I am sorry my Lord I have failed you." he whispered.
*No my son this is just the beginning, you and I are the Alpha and the 
Omega, the
Beginning and the End. *

  Turning towards the steps he began to walk.

  Kiyone was worried and could read the worry on Sasami's face as well; the 
sounds
of battle had been fierce. She could have sworn that she had heard the three
screaming. Hearing Aeka scream was nothing new but to hear it coming from 
Ryoko
and Tenchi was. So they climbed the steps quicker than they might otherwise 
of done
with Mihoshi lagging behind them in silence. Kiyone reached the top of the 
steps a
half second in front of Sasami. What she saw took her breath away. There 
were two
large holes in the shed in front of them, in front of which a battered and 
unconscious
Ryoko lay curled up. To the left she saw Tenchi lying with a bokken at his 
side. He
wasn't moving. Of Aeka there was no sign.
  Framing the destruction a figure in a brown robe walked towards where they 
stood at
the top of the steps. Looking straight at him with murder written on her 
face, she
heard from her side Sasami's shout of "TENCHI!"
  The figure didn't pause in his stride.
  Reaching to her holster she remembered her gun was in pieces on the living 
room
floor. Turning to call Mihoshi she was surprised to see the blonde pointing 
her blaster
at the man's face.
"You are under arrest! Lay your weapons down slowly and place your hands on 
your
head!"
  Kiyone wasn't sure that she wasn't more shocked by Mihoshis 
professionalism or
the scene before her. The man had stopped and was looking Mihoshi straight 
in the
eye, not moving a muscle. His hands were held open palms outward, fingers 
splayed.
  In his head Aoten thought he heard his lord softly chuckling.
"I will not resist, do as you will."
  He placed his hands on his head and continued his eye contact with Mihoshi 
as
Kiyone cautiously approached to cuff him. As she did so Kiyone called to 
Sasami
"How's Tenchi?"
"He's breathing, just out cold."
"Go check Ryoko and your sister!"
"Ok Kiyone."
"As for you, move it jerk!"
  The man did as he was bidden and allowed himself to be lead past Mihoshi, 
who still
covered him, and down the steps. He did not stop looking into her eyes until 
he had
passed by her. Shaking her head she followed Kiyone.
   After they got halfway, Kiyone remembered Washu and called her on her 
wrist
communicator. After a very brief explanation, she signed off.
"Ok you, get up and get moving."
  Just as they started moving something happened. They never were sure what, 
maybe
she tripped, maybe it was a malfunction, but Mihoshi's gun went off. The 
suspect
took it high in the right shoulder. Arms still cuffed behind him he spun 
round, a look
of confusion on his face, but his eyes calm as he looked into Mihoshi's once 
again. He
toppled backwards before Kiyone recovered from her surprise. Both GP's 
looked on
in shock as the man came to rest at the bottom of the steps, clothes torn 
and bloodied.
Kiyone started to run towards him, she glanced back at Mihoshi to call her 
and saw
the blank expression and the gun dangling from one finger. It took her 
fifteen seconds
to reach the motionless form, bending down she placed her fingers on his 
neck; sure
she already knew the result. She was shocked to feel an erratic pulse.
"MIHOSHI! HEY MIHOSHI, HES ALIVE! GET WASHU NOW!" she said as she
removed his cuffs and moved him off his front onto his back.
"What are you?" she whispered to herself.
   She nearly toppled over backwards when the blood-choked word came from 
his
mouth.
"Ao..Aoten" was as far as he got before he passed out.


Washu's Lab

"Well, Aeka just needs a days rest and Ryoko should be coming round once her
powers have finished healing her."
"Thanks Washu" was all Kiyone could manage after the day's exertions.
"Get some rest, theres nothing you can do here, Tenchi should back up again 
once I've
reset six of his ribs."
"What about him?"
   Kiyone gestured to the large spherical glass container in which floated a 
figure,
badly cut up, and dressed only in a small pair of black trunks. a mask 
attached a tube
covered his nose and mouth.
"He's a different matter. He's got pretty bad internal injuries; I've 
stopped the bleeding
though. He still has two broken arms and a broken leg, and as yet unknown 
brain
damage."
"Will he live?"
"I'm amazed he survived at all, I hate to say it but I don't know." was 
Washu's
resigned answer.
"Thanks Washu, I suppose I'd better turn in, see you in the morning."
  Turning back to the tank, Washu glanced at it as she left to where the 
other injured
lay, failing to notice the small red light flashing on the tank's control 
panel.
*Amazing* was her last thought of the tanks occupant as she left.


One Week Later- Breakfast

"I say turn off the air and let the fucker die."
"Ryoko!"
"I hate to admit it, but i agree with her."
"Aeka!"
"Tenchi! He tried to kill us!" shouted Ryoko.
"Actually Ryoko, if he wanted to do that then I don't think he would have 
had too
much trouble considering the fact that you were all too badly injured to 
move, let
alone fight." Came Washu's calm reply.
  Ryoko and Aeka glared at the diminutive genius but kept silent.
  Washu continued, "And aren't you all just a little curious as to what this 
is all
about?"
  Silence, then Kiyone's voice,
"Where's Mihoshi?"
"I think she's still in my lab watching over, what did he say his name was?"
"He didn't actually say it was his name but he said 'Aoten'. "
"Hey, why is she so concerned about someone who attacked us!"
Kiyone was silent for a second before replying.
"It really shook her up, I mean she shot an unarmed man in the back, after 
he agreed
to come quietly, she feels responsible for his condition."
"I wonder why" was Aeka's muttered reply.
"Well I want to find out who he is" said Sasami, speaking for the first time 
since the
meal began.
"You may well get your chance, he's healing quite well, maybe in a month or 
two he'll
be able to come out of the Regen-tank."
  Kiyone nodded "And when he does we'll be able to get some answ--." She 
stopped
abruptly as her communicator went off, startling everyone.
Mihoshi's voice came out of the device sounding shaken up.
"Er, guys? Guys! Come quick something's happening!"


  The lab was filled with the eerie flickering of white and red strobe 
lights.
"Oh great Mihoshi! What the HELL did you do now?" Yelled Kiyone.
"Nothing Kiyone! I swear! I was just sitting down and then these lights went 
off and
an alarm started."
"SHIT!" everyone turned in shock to the scientist, who ignored their 
expressions.
"He's supposed to be sedated into a coma! What on earth is going on?"
"Er, everyone, I think you should come look at this!" Tenchi shouted 
nervously.
  The figures left hand was clenching and unclenching in time with his 
breathing.
"His heart rate is accelerating, brain activity goin' up real fast!"
  Then the eyes snapped open. Not the serene eyes of before, but staring 
eyes, looking
even more terrifying for the strobe lights.
"Shut those damn lights off Washu!"  Shouted Ryoko, as everyone 
unconsciously
backed away from the tank.
  Except Mihoshi, she stood stock still like a deer caught in a car's 
headlights.
The figure ripped the mask from his face and the cloud of bubbles obscured 
the tanks
interior.
"EVERYONE OUT! NOW!"  Washu screamed.
  As they reached the door, Kiyone looked back and saw Mihoshi still 
standing not 20
feet from the tank, hands over her mouth staring at the maelstrom of bubbles 
in the
tank.
"Mihoshi get over here now, it's going to blo--."
Then the tank shattered.
  Aoten jumped lightly from the tank, ignoring the glass on the floor as if 
could not
harm him, he walked slowly towards Mihoshi. His staring eyes and furious 
expression
directed straight at her. She still hadn't moved and the rest of the group 
were rooted to
the spot, frozen in terror and confusion. Within five seconds he was no more 
than a
couple of feet away. He looked into her eyes and raised his left hand.
"Mihoshi! NO!" was all Kiyone could come out with.
  Her eyes widened further as her raised his hand level with her face, then 
squeezed
them shut to await the inevitable. Then almost instantly his eyes and face 
relaxed. He
brushed the back of his hand on her cheek. Then turned and walked quickly 
over to
the locker that contained his clothes.
  For the ten seconds it took for everyone to reach her she stayed where she 
was, arms
hanging impotently at her sides, taking short gasping breaths. They all 
turned at the
sound of someone clearing their throat.
"I will answer your questions now."
*Father I have found what we seek. *
*Yes my son, I pray it is not too late. *








Well, this is my first fan fiction,
I was quite pleased the way this came out, oh yeah bear with me on this the 
next
chapter will make everything much clearer, this is really little more than 
setting the
tone. I should be turning these out at about 1 every couple of weeks if im 
lucky as I
have A-level exams coming up soon.
  I'll be using a mixture of timelines as i would rather alter them to fit 
my story than
the other way around.
Send ANY comments to Snypa338@hotmail.com. I take criticism gladly, as long 
as
its constructive and you make it clear what your talking about. Any mail 
along the
lines of "Your fic is fucking shit" will be deleted, (unless you can prove 
it). Having
said that I wouldnt mind some praise if anyone thinks I deserve it. Thanks 
for your
time.


Ps, this is NOT a SI fic so please dont think it is.

