Disclaimer: they belong to the great folks at Pioneer and AIC.
A couple names from a video game called "Legend Of Mana"
are mentioned in here as well, and those names belong to Squaresoft
(Good 'ol Squaresoft!). Please don't sue me cuz I don't have any money.
*************************************************

Summer Breeze, Chapter One: A New Introduction

"Kathinja! Kathinja! Kathinja where are you?!" one of the maids'
voices rang out. Kajinktha was a small little girl that was very
adventurous.
She usually roamed around the palace lost in thought, or ran around it
hiding
from the maids. Her mother, Funaho, Second Queen of Jurai, was very amazed
at how much one could think and talk for a girl of such a young age as
Kajinktha.
She was also the sister/cousin of Ayeka and Sasami Jurai. She had been born
four
years after her second cousin was. When Kajinktha heard that one of
sister/cousins
was coming, she was very excited. Ayeka and Tenchi arrived the day after
Kajinktha
had found out. Funaho introduced the little tyke to them, and told her
daughter that
she was going to meet her other sister back on Earth. Ayeka and Tenchi left
right
away to please the anxious little princess. With a quick good-bye from
Funaho,
Misaki, and the King of Jurai, Azusa, Ryu-Oh took off and disappeared into
the
darkness of space.

Two short days passed that seemed forever for the little princess aboard
the ship.
Finally, they reached Earth and landed in the middle of the lake near the
Masaki household.
A beam teleported them down and Kajinktha scampered into the house. Ayeka
laughed and
ran after her. Tenchi came in last, smiling. "Who is this Ayeka?" Sasami
asked her older
sister.
"That's our new baby sister, Sasami," Ayeka replied. Sasami oh'd. Then Ryoko
floated downstairs. She looked into the kitchen and arched an eyebrow.
Kathinja asked
Sasami who that was.
"That's Ryoko. Here, let me show you around," Sasami told her, taking her
hand
and leading the little princess around the house. A little while later,
Ryoko asked Ayeka
if Kathinja could sleep in her room. Ayeka was surprised at first, but
agreed anyway.
Ryoko cheered loudly.
"Yay!! Finally I have someone to talk to!" Ayeka laughed and walked
upstairs,
Ryoko floating behind her. They both set up Kathinja's futon in the demon's
room.
"Kathinja!" Ryoko called from upstairs. Right on cue, the little princess
scrambled up the stairs.
That night, she and Ryoko stayed up talking about various things. At about
1:46,
Kathinja fell asleep. Ryoko smiled and went to sleep herself.

A day passed, and Kathinja ajusted quite quickly to her new life at the
Masaki household.
But there were only two people she didn't get to meet when she first
arrived; Washu and
Ayeka and Tenchi's daughter, Yakouri. Washu had taken her out on a shopping
spree
because she had told Yakoui that she would eventually get out of her lab.
Yakouri was
often worried about the scientist because there were long periods of time
where she didn't
come out of her lab at all. So one day, she barged in and finally found
Washu working
on another one of her inventions. "Little Washu, I'm worried about you,"
the eight-year-old told her. "I want you to get out of your lab and come on
a shopping trip with me."
Washu seemed to be not listening, but turned around, smiling up at the
concerned face of Yakouri.
After a moment she smiled and hugged the scientist around the neck.
"Okay I'll go on a shopping trip with you this Friday, okay?" she said to
her.
Yakouri nodded and skipped out of the lab. "I promise!!" Washu called after
her.
She smiled and turned around again on her little floating cushion. She typed
some
more on her holotop, and stared at the screen, soon almost forgetting the
promise she had made to her friend.

On her way downstairs, Yakouri bumped into Kathinja. "Oh my Gosh!
Who are you? I've never seen you here before!" she exclaimed with wide eyes.
Kajinktha grinned and stuck out her hand. Yakouri arched an eyebrow and
cocked her head. She also stuck out her hand and shook Kajinktha's
reluctantly.
"I'm Kathinja, your new baby second cousin!" she exclaimed. Yakouri nodded.
"Nice to meet you," she said. "I'm ummm....Yakouri, Ayeka's daughter."
Kathinja giggled and ran past her and up into Ryoko's room. Yakouri stood
there
for about a moment. Then she shrugged and scampered downstairs and into the
kitchen. She came to the slididng glass door and opened it. After closing
it,
Yakouri bounded across a wide field and into the carrot patch. Coming to the
end
of the field, she stopped to rest for about a minute. Then she spotted
Tenchi picking
carrots an nagging the cabbit for being so pesky. She giggled and galloped
over to
him. "Hi daddy!" she exclaimed. Tenchi turned around and smiled. He decided
to
lay off on Ryo-Ohki for a while and gave her the carrot he had just pulled
out.
Ryo-Ohki miya'd in appriciation and sat there with the carrot wedged between
her paws, munching happily. Tenchi laughed and turned back to his daughter.
They hugged. "So, how's the carrot picking coming?" she asked.
"Good I guess," he replied. "Little Ryo-Ohki here's been bugging me
all day into giving her a carrot...well, she just got her wish."
"Miya!!" was Ryo-Ohki's only reply. Both father and daughter
laughed. Tenchi decided to take a break and wiped the sweat from his
forehead.
"Come on Ryo-Ohki, let's go back. We're done for the day."
Ryo-Ohki miya'd again and got up. Yakouri helped her father carry
the heavy basket of bright orange carrots home, little Ryo-Ohki following
close behind to snag any loose carrots that fell out. Only one fell from the
tight weaved wicker basket. It was small, but the cabbit didn't mind. It
filled
the rest of the room in her belly that she had left from previous meal.
Tenchi
opened the sliding glass door, and Yakouri stepped in, Ryo-Ohki following,
and he himself going last. Tenchi went into the kitchen and set the carrots
down on the counter for later cleaning. Right then, Mihoshi entered, a
worried
look spread across her face. Tenchi noticed her troubled expression and
asked her what was wrong.
"It's Kiyone! She's sick and she told me that I had to go on patrol
*alone*!!" she wailed. "I'll be too lonely!! What will I do without my
Kiyone?!" Yakouri turned around and rolled her eyes.
"Oh Mihoshi! I'll go with you!" she suggested.
"Then you won't be lonely!" The GP's expression turned slightly happy.
"Will you do that for *me*?" she asked. She looked up at Tenchi.
"Can she come? Pleeeeaaaasssseee Tenchi??"
"Well...." he said.
"Please daddy? I really want to go with her! I promise we'll stay
out of trouble unless we––err she has to really step in," Yakouri pleaded.
Tenchi thought a little more.
"Well okay. But when you come home, don't tell your mother.
She'll freak," he replied. Mihoshi wiped the last of the tears from her
eyes.
Then she ran over and hugged Tenchi tight around the neck.
"Thank you sooooo much!!!" she said. After a couple of seconds,
she let go. Yakouri went over and hugged her father.
"Thanks dad!" Then she turned to Mihoshi. "What time are we
leaving?"
"Well," the GP replied, looking at her Galaxy Police wrist watch.
"You have only about seven minutes to get ready, and then we're off!"
"Okay!" she exclaimed. Then she bounded towards the stairs.
At the foot of the steps, she shouted over her shoulder. "I'll be down
in a sec!" Mihoshi nodded and walked away. Tenchi heard
"Not now Ryo-Ohki. Sasami will give you a carrot before dinner.
Now, if you don't mind, I'll be heading towards the showers. See ya!"
And with that, Tenchi walked away, leaving the confused cabbit to stare.
After having a good stare at a vase in the hall on a little end table,
Ryo-Ohki
bounded off and up the stairs to find her faithfull conpanion, Sasami.

Yukonojo glided through the Sol System, the beautiful stars passing
by the look out windows, shining brightly in front of Yakouri's eyes.
Mihoshi stepped up behind her. "Pretty aren't they?" she asked. Yakouri
nodded silently. Mihoshi smiled. "Kiyone and I would often come up
here just to look at the stars. We would occaisionally see a supernova out
there. I think those are the most beautiful of all." Yakouri was surprised
at
how the GP was talking. Mihoshi was usually just running around, waiting
for a show to come on, or answering to messages from headquarters, so
Kiyone had said. Yakouri looked back at Mihoshi and found the GP
with a distant look on her face. The GP put her hand to the glass.
Very distant.

"Damn this cold! I hope Mihoshi's doing all right..." Kiyone said.
She sighed long and deep. "Maybe I should've gone.......nah! She's fine.
I know she can do this by herself. Someday she'll *have* to be by
herself...won't she?" The GP sat on the side of her futon and pondered
about her and Mihoshi's futures. "It would be *kinda* sad to leave her,
wouldn't it? No, stop it Kiyone! You *would* miss her! She may be a
little dumb and light-headed, but she's pretty cool deep down inside,"
Kiyone thought aloud. "I *do* miss her, just like she misses me! Maybe
I shouldn't be too hard on her sometimes and always call her a baka-sama
and yell at her...hmmm...yes. That's what I'll do. I'll set a goal to try to
be
nicer to her. That's a perfect idea Kiyone!" With that idea settled in her
mind,
Kiyone slid the door open to her room and walked out. She closed the paper
door behind her and strode downstairs. Ryoko and Ayeka were on the couch
watching the daily soaps, but without Washu and Mihoshi. Ayeka looked
behind the couch and saw Kiyone's happy face.
"What're you so happy about?" she asked. Kiyone just shook her head,
still smiling. Ryoko cocked her head and arched a brow.
"You're actin' pretty strange Kiyone," Ryoko said. "Have you been laying
off on all the V8 Splash lately? You know that stuff makes ya hyper." Kiyone
laughed
and rolled her eyes.
"No, no, no. It's nothing like that Ryoko. I was just thinking upstairs in
my room
and I decided to set a goal so I could be a lil' nicer to Mihoshi."
"Oh like *that* would work..." Ayeka mumbled. "Well anyway, good luck
Kiyone."
"Thanks Ayeka," she replied. Then, with a smile still on her face, Kiyone
ran
into the kitchen and slid the glass door open. She ran outside and to the
pier. She sat
down and pondered for a while. Eventually, a ship landed onto the
lake––quite gracefully
knowing Mihoshi. Kiyone was surprised at how she could manage so well. Then,
a green
beam came from the ship, and on the pier stood Mihoshi and––Yakouri! _What
the hell is
she doing here?!_ Kiyone asked her very confused self.
_She must be keeping her company._
"Hey Kiyone! Are you all right now?" Mihoshi yelled to her partner.
"Yeah, I'm better than I was this morning," Kiyone replied, walking
over to Mihoshi. Mihoshi put her arms around the GP's neck and hugged her
tight, and surprisingly, Kiyone hugged her partner back.
"DINNER!!" Sasami's voice rang out. Kiyone looked back and saw her
standing at the door, a pleasent smile on her face. "Hurry up you guys!"
Sasami
shouted again. "Dinner's getting cold really fast!"
"Okay Sasami!" Kiyone yelled back. "We'll be right there!" Sasami smiled
again and walked back into the house, sliding the door closed behind her.
"Well, we better get going," Yakouri said. Mihoshi and Kiyone nodded.
Then they all walked back to the household in silence.

After dinner, Kiyone walked outside and stood on the pier. Stars twinkled
above in the night sky. Next came Mihoshi. She stood by her partner and
looked in the same direction as Kiyone; at the stars. Tears brimmed Kiyone's
eyes as the stars in front of them became blurry. Mihoshi looked at her.
"What's wrong Kiyone?"
she asked. Kiyone shook her head and wiped the tears away. She forced her
face away from the
sky and faced it towards her parnter.
"Nothing's wrong," Kiyone said. "I was just thinking about how in the future
that you and me will
have to part. I'm just a little sad, that's all..." Mihoshi blinked in
surprise.
"Oh Kiyone!" Mihoshi said, putting her arms around the GP's neck. "We won't
ever part! Even
if they try to, I won't let them! I promise!" Kiyone smiled and hugged
Mihoshi back.
"Well, for now, let's enjoy our partnership and take what comes,"
Kiyone said.
"Yeah!!" Mihoshi exclaimed, throwing her fist into the air. Kiyone
laughed and sat down on the dock. Mihoshi plopped down next to her.
They put their arms around each others' shoulders and sat there watching
the stars. Suddenly, there was a little flash in the sky. "Hey look Kiyone,
a
supernova!" Kiyone looked at the direction her partner was pointing.
"Isn't it beautiful?" she asked Mihoshi. Mihoshi nodded. So both girls
sat there, watching the stars until the supernova finally went out.

****************************************************
Author's Notes: Well that's the end of Chapter One! It was really short, but
I
hope you enjoyed it. The next chapter is called "Chapter Two:Roses In a
Sunflower Field".
That one is almost finished. I've got three pages on that one done right
now, but
I don't know how many pages long it will really be. C&C is welcomed, flames
are not.
Mail me at: lilserena20@hotmail.com

Thanks! ^-^