"We were together only a little while, and we believed our love would
last a thousand years."
									-Yakamochi

*** 

BGlanders presents...

Summer Rain

Chapter one: One more day...

***  

>From the journal of Katsuhiko Masaki, June 20th

*** 

	It was the start of another beautiful day.  I awoke early and took my
breakfast outside in the warm spring air.  That's one of the advantages
with living out in the woods; one often gets the chance to commune with
nature.  I sat on the front step and listened to the quiet singing of
birds as I sipped my tea.  I could tell that as the day would ware on,
the humidity would rise with the temperature, leading to another fight
filled afternoon back at the house.  Once again, I gave thanks that I
was out in the Shrine communing with nature instead of anywhere near
that war-zone. 

	After finishing my tea and listening to a goodly helping of bird song,
I made to re-enter the Shrine office when I felt a presence nearing me. 
By the sound of their footsteps and the speed at which they fell I knew
exactly who it was.

	"Good morning, Sasami.  Have you come all the way out here to cheer me
up?"  Two seconds later a surprised Sasami stepped from the forest and
into the clearing in front of the office.  I offered her a morning
smile, then quickly withdrew it when I saw the look of dismay on her
face.

	"Grandpa, can I talk to you about something?  I know it's early, but I
wanted to get away while I could.  Is that okay?"  I motioned for her to
join me on the office steps.  I knew she was troubled when I didn't see
the usual bounce, the usual energy that she normally displayed.  This
fact set off several alarms in my mind.  I knew that Sasami was feeling
lonely ever since Aeka left to visit our family on Jurai, but she was
coming back soon, she had said so in her transmissions.  If anything,
Sasami should have been happy that her sister was returning.  

	"Now Sasami, what's this all about?  You're always smiling.  A frown
just does not suit that pretty face.  Now tell me what's troubling you
and we'll see if we can't fix that."  I smiled at her again but I could
already see that this was something deeper than her sister's absence. 
She stared at the ground for what seemed like several minutes, trying to
gather her thoughts.  I sat and calmly waited while the little one did
her best to put her thoughts into words.  Then, when she was ready, she
told me what had happened.

Sasami's Diary, June 2nd

*** 

	Today was the big day.  Right after breakfast my sister's new ship, the
Longinus landed and took her back to Jurai.  She was going home for a
special meeting of the Royal Houses to deal with a civil war that had
broken out recently.  She was chosen as one of the mediators between the
two houses and I could tell she was really excited to go.  She thought
this was a chance to prove to father that she was capable of standing up
for herself and that she could make decisions just like he could.

	When the ambassador beamed down to pick up Aeka, everyone was there to
wish her off, even Ryoko.  I thought it was really nice of her to see my
sister off, but then Ryoko just started gloating.

"Bye-bye princess!  Don't worry, I'll be sure to take care of Tenchi
while you're gone!"

	Normally Aeka would have said something back, but this time she was
only smiling at Ryoko.  It was really weird and I think Ryoko noticed it
too.  She stood with the rest of us and in the end actually waved when
Aeka's ship went into orbit.  As soon as it had disappeared, Ryoko flew
to Tenchi and put her arms around his neck.  "Finally!  We're all alone
now, my love.  Now it's time for Ryoko to show her prince a willing
pirates plunder."

	Normally Tenchi would have tried to fight Ryoko off in some way, but he
just stared at the ground with this really weird look on his face.  It
was like he didn't even know Ryoko was there.  Mihoshi was still waving
goodbye to Aeka the entire time, but I caught her flashing Tenchi a look
when he walked back into the house.  I could tell she was worried about
him.  I mean, he was acting so strange around all of us.  He didn't even
say anything that night at dinner.  

	I cooked a special duck recipe for everyone and they all seemed to
really like it.  It makes me feel really good when the others appreciate
what I do.  It makes me feel like I'm earning my place here, and that
everyone really appreciates me, especially Tenchi.  I wonder if he even
notices all the work I do around here for him, I mean, what with the
cooking and all.  I wonder if he knows just how much love I put into
preparing his meals, or how much I enjoy hearing his praise.  

	Wow it's really getting late.  I guess I should go to bed soon, but I
don't feel sleepy at all.  It's really neat to have the room to myself,
just like back home on Jurai.  I remember how big my room was and how
many toys I had, but I'm just as happy here without them.  On Jurai I
had toys and servants, but mommy and daddy were always too busy to
actually play with me.  I'd always be playing with my nanny or just by
myself, but here on earth I've got real friends and family that I see
every day.  I've got Aeka and Tenchi and Ryoko and Mihoshi and even
Ryo-Ohki.  

	On Jurai everybody acted like I was made out of glass, but ever since I
came to earth they've been my friends and family.  Ever since I've come
to earth, I haven't felt alone anymore.  

	Now it really is late and I'd better get to bed.  Tomorrow I think I'll
make some miso soup for everyone, cause Tenchi is gonna need his
strength if he's gonna work out in the fields all day.


>From the diary of Aeka Jurai, June 1st

*** 

	Well, tomorrow is the big day.  I've been packing all afternoon and I
think I have everything.  I know that this will be an exciting two
weeks, but at the same time I'm saddened that lord Tenchi and I will not
be together.  After what's happened, after having my wish come true, it
almost seems like some cruel twist of fate to have to leave earth just
when all my dreams are coming true, but I leave in the knowledge that I
have won.  My love for lord Tenchi, after so many endless nights of
praying and pleading, after trial and tribulation alike, has finally
been answered in kind.  

	This conference is very important to the people of Jurai, and as much
as I love my life here I know that my people's needs come before my
own.  This civil war has lasted for far too long for reasons that no one
seems to remember anymore.  I know that father will try to use my
marital status as leverage in the peace talks with the noble houses, but
now I have a bombshell for him.  I can't wait to see the look on his
face when he finds out what's happened.

	I wonder how Ryoko will react when Tenchi finally breaks the news to
her.  I promised him that I wouldn't mention it to her, but it's hard
not to rub it in her face every time I see her now.  I want to scream
out 'I won!' at the top of my lungs, to rub her nose in my victory until
there's nothing left of her.  I want to see the look of defeat on her
face when she discovers that I, Princess Aeka Jurai, have triumphed over
the cruel and wicked demoness in the most arduous competition of all
time.

	Only now do I feel bad for deceiving my dearest, but I had to do it. 
If I hadn't lied about this trip, then most likely he never would have
told me how he felt about me.  If I hadn't lied about my return date, he
never would have been able to admit his true feelings for me.  Well, it
won't make any difference.  When I return, Tenchi will be there, waiting
for me with open arms.  Oh, I can just picture it now...

	As much as I'm enjoying this, I should probably get to bed soon and try
to sleep.  Tomorrow is going to be a long day, and I know that I'm going
to need my strength for what lies ahead.  I wish my love could lie with
me tonight, but if he did I'd be up all night!  Oh, I shouldn't be
writing such things, but I just can't help it.  For the first time in
ages, I feel so happy I could burst.  Never again will I have to fight
with Ryoko for Tenchi's affections.  Never again will I have to suffer
her insults.  Finally, I have won.


Mihoshi's diary, June 1st

*** 

	Tomorrow Aeka is leaving to preside over some big important peace
talks.  I really hope she'll be okay out there.  I mean, its my job to
protect her and if anything bad ever happened to her I just know that
Sasami would be crushed, and I don't want that to happen, but she's
travelling in the most state-of-the-art battle cruiser ever conceived. 
Wow I wish I could pilot something like that!  I hear the Longinus is
the first of the third generation space trees, and that she's rated for
level three sub-space warp.  That's pretty amazing!  I wonder if the
Galaxy Police will ever get ships that nice...

	I spent today cleaning the living room.  Wow we really are messy here! 
I mean, we're guests here after all and it's really rude of us to be
such a burden on Tenchi and his family like this, but I try to make up
for it.  I want to work really hard so that he'll know how thankful I am
that he's let us all live here with him. 

	I wonder if he ever thinks about that night, you know, the night after
the party.  I don't really know if what happened was right or not, but
if I had to go back and do it all over again, I would.  I'm glad that I
got to tell him, and that he's finally following his heart.  It was
really painful to watch him keep hiding his feelings about them like
that, and I care about him too much to see him get hurt... Listen to
me!  I'm getting all serious now!  Oh... this is so embarrassing! 
Speaking of which... 

	In two days I leave for my six-month evaluation.  I really hate these! 
I don't wanna go because I know they'll just ask me a bunch of weird
questions and I... I can handle this because I'm a Galaxy Police person
and this is my duty.  Besides, if all the others have to go through it,
I might as well too.

	Sasami's dinner was wonderful!  Wow, I don't know where she learned to
cook, but whoever taught her must have been a real master!  I guess
that's her way of saying thank you to Tenchi for his hospitality, just
like mine is cleaning.  I know the others all work to earn their keep
just like us, although I've never been quite sure just what it is that
Ryoko does around the house, but I'm sure that it must be something!

	Well, as a galaxy police person, I must be responsible for princess
Aeka's lift-off tomorrow, so I'd better turn in early tonight.  Good
night!

>From the diary of Aeka Jurai, June 5th

*** 

	Well the peace talks seem to have gotten off to a good start.  Both
sides were a bit apprehensive to even sit together at first, but after a
little persuasion we were able to get things underway.  I still can't
believe that both houses were fighting for so long, and for something so
trivial!  I guess that for a lesser house, the possibility of
controlling a mining moon, even if it is a small one, is something of
great importance.

	My journey back to Jurai was uneventful, but interesting.  The
Longinous was very well furnished, and even Azaka and Kamadaki seemed to
enjoy the ride.  I often wonder what goes on inside their minds.  After
all, what does one think about all day long when one just hovers in the
same place for hours?  Do they even think at all?  Sometimes I envy my
Guardian friends; they have but one solid, clear-cut duty, to oversee my
safety and ensure my well being.

	Mother has done her best to keep me busy, and aunt Funaho has also been
spending some time with me since I arrived back at the palace, but
father seems so detached, like he doesn't really care that I'm back.  I
sometimes wonder if he even remembers that I'm alive at all.

	I haven't dared to tell anyone about Tenchi and I yet.  If mother ever
found out she'd instantly inform the entire royal court that her
daughter had finally found a husband, and then father would murder me. 
He hates Tenchi, whether its because Tenchi represents Yosho's betrayal
of father or because father considers him inferior, I've never been able
to venture.  At any rate, a marriage to Tenchi wouldn't be politically
wise in his eyes.  He needs me single so he can use me as a trump card
with the lesser houses, always having my hand in marriage as a back up
if deals go sour.

	I wish father would notice me.  I wish that just once he'd spend some
free time with me, or at least talk to me as if I were his daughter and
not a member of the Royal Council.  I want him to see me, to hear what I
have to say.  I want to stand up and scream in his face as loud as I
possibly can, to let him know how I feel every time he threatens to
marry me off to one of his lesser houses, or how hurt I am that he
treats me like an employee of the palace and not his child!  Why can't
he just take a minute of his day to say, "Oh, by the way Aeka, I love
you."	  Would that be so bad?  Would it really be that much of a strain
on him to say just three little words?

	I want him to know I'm alive.  I want him to see me as a person and not
a thing.  I want him to know, to know about everything!  Yet, every time
I try to work up the nerve to say anything to him, my skin breaks out in
goose pimples and my throat freezes and closes up on my words.  It's
like he has this strange power over people, a power that keeps them from
admitting how they feel.

	Listen to me!  I've been rambling on and at such a late hour!  I had
best get some sleep if I'm going to preside over tomorrow's dealings.  I
hope Tenchi and the others are doing well.  Tomorrow I believe I'll
write him.  For now, I'd best sleep before I collapse from exhaustion.

>From the diary of Sasami Jurai, June 3rd

*** 

	I think something is very, very wrong here.

	Tenchi has barely said a word all day, not even at breakfast.  At first
I thought he was depressed over Aeka's leaving, but now I'm not so
sure.  It's like something is eating away at him, and it's really
starting to upset me.  I hope he cheers up soon.

	Today I spent the day up in the attic reading father's manga.  It was
all rainy and yucky outside, but the rain sounded so soft and steady on
the roof that after awhile I just feel asleep!  Ryoko found me after
awhile and I went downstairs to make dinner.  Boy, I'm glad she didn't
see which manga I was reading otherwise I might have been teased for
days!  I think that from now on I'll just read what's on the lower
shelves, just in case I fall asleep again.

	Before I got ready for bed last night, I remembered I didn't have
anyone to tell me a bedtime story.  Aeka does that so I'll have good
dreams and so the nightmares will stay away.  I really tried to get to
sleep without one, but I was all-alone and it was really quiet, so after
awhile I went downstairs to see if anyone would read to me.

	Tenchi was already in bed and Ryoko was up on her beam, so both of them
were out, and Father had gone to bed earlier so he could rest up for an
important meeting today.  After looking around a little more, I went to
Washu's lab and asked her.  She was really nice about it, and told me a
story about something that happened long ago, before even my mommy and
daddy were born, then she stayed with me and sang me a lullaby until I
went to sleep.  Tonight she promised to do it again, so I'd better
finish up and get in my futon before she gets here!  Goodnight!

>From the Journal of Washu Habuki, June 2nd

*** 

	Something very interesting happened tonight.

	I was working in the lab as usual, trying out an experimental energy
conversion emulator.  My theory was that Tenchi's Light Hawk Wings could
be reproduced if the proper elements were aligned correctly, those being
Tenchi's DNA and a sample of sap from Funaho.  Unfortunately, the test
only furthered my hypotheses that Tenchi's ability to perform energy
conversion is the result of a direct assimilation between him and
Tsunami.  Of course I could always be wrong, but without all the
necessary samples I guess I'll never know.  Hmm, maybe if I tie him down
and let my fingers do the walking...

	Anyway, as I was just wrapping up my nightly tests, I had a visitor. 
Sasami had wandered in and was asking if I would be so kind as to read a
bed time story to her.  I guess Aeka usually does that for her, but
since she was gone there was no one left to take her place, and besides
the little dear looked so sad I just couldn't say no.

	I tucked her in and decided to retell a story that I remembered from my
own childhood... at least, I'm pretty sure that's where it was from.  It
was a tale about an ancient castle, and inside lived a beautiful but
lonely princess.  For ages she had waited for her prince to return to
her so that they could be married, but the prince had to face many
trials and tasks set out by the princess's mother, the evil queen.  In
the end, the prince slew the evil queen and he and the princess ruled
the land together, happily ever after.  It wasn't much, but by the time
I was done, Sasami was smiling and her eyes were droopy.  

	I should have left then, but for some reason I started to sing to her. 
It was an old song, and even I couldn't remember what all the words
meant, but it was an ancient lullaby that I used to sing a long, long
time ago.  Sasami fell asleep before I was done, but for some reason, I
didn't stop until the song was finished.  

	Sometimes I wonder why I'm even alive.  After my world was taken from
me, I was so close to killing myself that by all means, I should have
ended it then and there, but something back then made me press on,
despite the pain each day brought.  I still remember standing in front
of the mirror, night after night, trying to come up with just one valid
reason to keep breathing.  My child, my husband, my entire world had
been ripped from my arms in one moment.  And why?  Because I wasn't one
of the 'elite'.  In someone's eyes I was beneath the life I was given,
and in someone's eyes I wasn't deserving of the miracle I had born.  

	Every night I stood in front of the mirror just telling myself that it
could all end if I wanted it to happen.  I could slit my wrists in the
bath tub I used to bathe my baby in, or drink some poison and let my
body destroy itself on the tile floor.  I could eat a bullet, jump out a
window... I had a list of different ways to end my suffering.  And every
night I went down that list and tried to find one reason, just one
reason not to commit any of those actions.

	You know, I never really found one.

	I tried as hard as I could, but I could never come up with an excuse to
keep on breathing.  The strange thing is, I never went ahead with my
promises of release.  It's odd, now that I look back on it.  I had
nothing going for me in life.  I had no family, no drive, and no
motivation.  I had nothing, but instead of simply ending it and resting,
I kept waking up in the morning.  I always told myself 'just wait one
more day, then we'll do it.  Just one more day and all everything will
be okay, I promise.'  So I'd wait one more day, and when the day had
come and gone I'd tell myself that all over again.

	And that's pretty much it.  Eventually I waited to die for so long that
I decided to just keep on living.  After awhile I began to get back into
my work, trying to forget about what had happened in my life.  I told
myself that I wasn't going to let this get me down.  I would go back to
the Academy and my colleagues and be happy, because that's what made me
happy before I fell in love.  I would put on a mask and smile for the
nice people, because if I could put on a happy mask and smile for one
more day, then I'd eventually be happy.

	So that's exactly what I did.  

	When I saw colleagues at the Academy, I would smile and wave. 
Sometimes I stopped to talk with them, all the while pretending that
everything was okay, that everything was just fine.  All I had to do was
smile and work and just get through one more day.  I could curl up on
the floor and cry when I got home at night, but for the time being, just
keep smiling for one more day.  Before long I thought I would go crazy
if I didn't let my feelings out.  I wanted to stop someone, even a
person on the street, and just scream out, "I'm not okay, do you hear
me?  I thought I could do this but I can't and now I don't want to
anymore!  I don't wanna keep going one more day!  I wanna cry and scream
and beat the living hell out of something!  I want the whole world to
know that I am not okay! DO YOU HEAR ME WORLD?  I AM NOT OKAY!!!" 

	After awhile, I started to wish that I had done what I had promised
myself I would do.

	But if I had died, then I never would have come here.

	I never would have tasted Sasami's cooking, or have heard Mihoshi's
gibbering.  I never would have gotten the chance to see my daughter
happy and free, chasing her heart.  If I had killed myself back then,
then I never would have met my new family here.  This is my home now,
and these people are my family.

	That feels so strange to say, but it's true.  These are the people I
love, and nothing will ever change that.  Each one of them is special,
and each one of them has a love for the other that can never waver. 
This is what I've been searching for, what I woke up night after night
crying for.  An end to loneliness, and end to the pain of having nothing
else in life.  Since I've come here, I've stopped telling myself to try
and last for one more day.  Since I've come here, I haven't had to wear
a mask.

	For the first time in a lifetime, my smile is real.  

	I think that's why I kept singing after she fell asleep.  That lullaby
was the one I sang to my child so many years ago, the one that made him
laugh and coo at me.  That lullaby was my way of telling him every day
that I loved him, and that he was more important to me than anything in
the universe.  When I was singing to Sasami, I realized that the lullaby
was for my family.  It was a prayer, that each night my baby would fall
asleep, free from worry, free from pain. That my baby would wake up
tomorrow knowing that his mother loved him very much, and that nothing
in this universe would ever harm him as long as I was alive.

	But... that wasn't a promise I could keep.

	Tonight I made a promise to Sasami.  I promised her that I wouldn't
fail this time where I failed before.  That my new family would never be
destroyed like my old one was.  Tonight, I won't have to force myself to
last one more day; I'll do it because I want to.

	Tonight, I tucked my baby in for the first time in twenty thousand
years. 

	I promise that it won't be the last.

*** 

Tenchi&Co belong to AIC and Pioneer

All C&C should go to BGlanders@aol.com
