Sweat Revenge

By John Eden

Intro:
        This is a story about a young boy named Masunamae Kentiacie. He
comes from a tribe of humanoids known as space imps. Many rumors of these
creatures have been exploited around the universe but none know them to be
true, for space imps are silent and are seen by nobody. Space imps look like
humans except a little elvish. The long pointy ears are what accentuate
their features. Space imps require no oxygen to live in space, for they have
no lungs. Rather, they absorb energy from particles around them in a similar
fashion that Ryoko would.
Masunamae is about 15 at the time this story takes place, approximately the
age of Sasami. His dark, wild hair plus his pointy ears make him a head
turner. He has sharp penetrating eyes and a bright smile. This rebellious
little space imp decided to break away from his tribe around 3 years ago. He
was sick of the nomad life of his family and ran off into space one day. He
had actually ran into Ryo-ohki once before on Ryoko’s return to earth after
the recent battle with Kagato.  Masunamae quickly darted out of eyesight
though before Ryo-ohki spotted him. Little did he know that his destiny lied
with those two.
Masunamae had explored almost every galaxy in space except for one forbidden
system that his parents had forewarned him of. Of coarse, not caring or even
remembering what his parents had told of this mysterious galaxy he decided
to explore it. Thus, our story begins with the little space imp entering the
unknown galaxy.

Part 1
The Unknown Galaxy

        “This place sure looks creepy,” said Masunamae looking at a cluster
of stars. Masunamae had been talking to himself ever since he left his tribe
for he had no other companion than himself. His proud mind always took over
and he never looked back to his family when loneliness took hold.
He flew cautiously as he passed by the first few systems. Each planet looked
barren and deserted. He decided to fly on a bright blue one, finding the
color quite appealing. Spiraling ice particles and dust mingled together to
make a beautiful ring around the planet. Masunamae created a small shield
around himself to protect him from the heat of entering the atmosphere. As
he broke through the first layer the shield began to glow. Beads of sweat
trickled down his face as he fought hard to keep the shield running over the
ever-increasing fire surrounding him. The blue clouds became closer and
closer. He noticed thunder as sections of the clouds began to light up.
As Masunamae dove crazily through the first bunch of swirling clouds, a bolt
of lightning struck his shield shattering it to pieces. 170 m/p/h winds
began whistling through his ears as he fought hard to stop the descent.
Finally the clouds stopped rushing past him as he flew motionless in the
eerie clouds. The wind began to make him strain to keep still, but it
quickly overcame him. Masunamae was sent hurling in circles as the wind
whipped him around like a rag doll. The images began to slowly fade into
nothing but blue, and then into nothing at all…

“A little bit of this, and a little bit of that…some carrots sounds good,
how about it Ryo-ohki?”
Meeyow! Little Sasami was fixing breakfast once again. The knife flashed as
vegetables of all sorts flew into the bowl.
“And now we pop it into the oven!”
“Busy again, I see,” said a familiar old voice.
“Good morning, Yosho,” Sasami replied with a warm smile. She then walked to
the stairs and shouted, “EVERYONE UP! IT’S BREAKFAST!…C’mon Ryoko, it’s time
to eat.”
“Go away you little brat. I need my beauty sleep.”
“What a lazy bum.”
“What did you say?!”
“I said look at the morning sun.” Tenchi sat down at the table in front of a
steaming pile of rice.
“Good morning, Sasami,” he said.
“Good morning” Ayeka then came striding down the stairs with her usual
mooneyes staring at Tenchi. “Where’s Ryoko? Couldn’t make it? What a shame.
LET’S EAT!” Ayeka shouted with a grin.
 “We got to wait for Mihoshi and Kiyone,” said Sasami.
“We’re here,” replied Kiyone.
“What about Washu?”
“Coming. All right, lets get to it.” With that everyone began to stuff their
faces. Ayeka was taking her time so she could watch Tenchi’s every move.
Sasami was unusually hungry and began shoveling down her portion. Suddenly
she stopped and froze. “Something wrong?” asked Washu.
“I had a funny feeling. Like something, I dunno, happened. Oh well.” She
then continued gulping down the food.

        Masunamae slowly opened his eyes. He could see nothing, only black.
He began to panic, I…I can’t see. What’s wrong with me? Am I dead, no!
Masunamae is never defeated. But I can’t see! I can’t move! Feeling slowly
returned to his fingers and he closed his fist tight. But he couldn’t close
it all the way. There was something in his hand.
 Sand!
 I’m buried in sand. He began to gather his surroundings regaining his cool.
He was lying on his back with arms stretched out in either ways. Images of
the storm began entering his mind once again. He cringed.
 I have to get out of here. Masunamae began to gather energy to blow himself
out of the ground. He felt the heat rising in him as he clenched his teeth
hard in effort. 1…2…3! With an earsplitting bang sand erupted as the young
imp sprung from the ground and landed silently on a large sand dune.
 “Bravo, excellent, that was quite a seen.” Masunamae spun around to see a
tall woman with extravagant, long blue hair. Her cloths were very strange,
almost looking an emperess.
 “Who are you?” Masunamae demanded narrowing his eyes and getting into a
fighting position.
 “That means nothing right now. I am the all-powerful one. But never mind
about me, lets talk about you. Lets have a better look.” Masunamae found
himself hovering over the ground in an invisible grip as he floated closer
to the woman. He did not struggle, for she seemed kind and her eyes were so
peaceful.
“That’s better. Now, yes…you are the one I saw, but such a young one though.
Nonetheless. A little space imp, huh?” Masunamae suddenly realized he was
supposed to be seen by no one. He looked around for a place to disappear but
only sand dunes were visible. As if reading his mind, the woman kindly
whispered, “Do not fear, I will tell no one of this confrontation. Now, I
have a gift for you,” she slowly opened her hand. Magically three small,
glowing orbs appeared.
“These are the crystals of mind, spirit and soul, use them wisely
Masunamae,” she said. The orbs gently landed in his hand.
“Now, ah yes, this is not a planet for you. Hmm, the storm, of course!” she
raised her hands to the sky. Quietly the clouds withdrew from the area and a
pale sky was visible. With a nod of goodbye to the woman, Masunamae lifted
himself off the ground and began to fly of into space.
Well that was strange. Blue planets equal big storm and strange ladies, I’ll
have to remember that.

“Hey Tenchi, could you come down here!” Washu shouted from her laboratory.
It was about midday. Tenchi walked down the stairs and entered the orbital
elevator. A small screen of a galaxy many light years away was in front of
her. “Take a look at this,” Washu said pointing to the screen.
“Isn’t that the galaxy with your lab, or this lab in it?”
“Sure is. But look at that energy source there. It’s incredible. Rather
strange too because a spaceship nor a planet emits that concentration of
electrons.”
“Very strange. I suggest we stay out of here until that thing passes.”

 Masunamae flew deeper into the galaxy the image of the strange woman still
in his mind. “Well, who knows what else this place could hide. From the
energy I can gather it seems not a single living thing is in here.” As he
was flying by and empty looking system, he caught something bright out of
the corner of his eye. He rotated slowly to see shards of metal rotating
slowly around a tree. “What the…”
He flew forward to catch up with it. Peaces of all sorts of metal and glass
enveloped him. He thought it was a spaceship at first, but what was a tree
doing in it. It even had leaves on it. It was extremely large and of an
unidentifiable origin. Masunamae stared in awe at the size of it.
Suddenly, something knocked him in the head. He was spun out of his trance
and turned to see a sword hilt floating in space. “This is starting to get
really weird.” As he grabbed it out of the air, he felt something hot
against his leg. He reached in his pocket to find three glowing crystals.
They flew out of his hand and embedded themselves onto the circular end of
the sword hilt. A beam of green energy shot out of the hilt.
“It’s a sword!” The beam radiated against his face. He took his hand over to
touch the blade letting it drop a little, but it came in contact with a
chunk of ore splitting it into. He instantly withdrew his hand. “Well if I
made the beam go up, how do I make it go down?” The sword instantly obeyed
and withdrew the energy blade. Then he told it to go up. Then down. Without
speaking he did this again. And again. And again. “What luck!” Wanting to go
destroy any thing he spotted, Masunamae set of to the center of the galaxy.

Tenchi and Washu emerged from the laboratory with worried faces. “What’s
wrong?” questioned Sasami.
“Oh nothing,” Washu said while closing the orbital elevator.
“C’mon. Your face tells me there is something wrong.”
“It’s nothing to worry about, Sasami,” Tenchi said.
“What’s up, Tenchi,” Ryoko said.
“So you finally decided to wake up, eh?” said Washu
“Shut up mom. Now, what’s wrong with the lab.”
“Nothing is wrong with it! How dare you think any of my creations has
failed!”
“We’ve detected an energy source in the surrounding galaxy and for now we’re
keeping the orbital elevator closed,” Tenchi replied.
“How scary,” said a worried Sasami.
“There’s nothing to be worried about. My lab is millions of light years
away. And Ryoko, there is no way to hot wire my door so you can go fight the
unknown object.”
“Stop reading my mind!”

        With the recent encountering of the blue planet, Masunamae was very
picky about which planet to land on. He decided to search from the center
out. For some reason all the systems he saw their sun was practically gone.
One particular system, as he watched it, the sun suddenly imploded radiating
a super nova destroying the surrounding systems. He was beginning to wish he
had taken head to his parents warning.
        “Let’s see if I can spot some civilization on any of these places.
I’m takin’ no chances,” Masunamae said to himself. To his dismay, though, no
city or any sort of sign of life was visible. He was not about to give up.
He kept on flying until finally he reached the middle system.
        “No star…how strange.” It consisted of five planets; four orbiting
around the center planet. Towers of massive size were visible on each of
these planets. It looked like five cities floating in the sky. Masunamae
decided to try his luck on the middle one. He flew in slowly and cautiously
with his newfound sword drawn, but he restrained the energy blade for he
would be easier to spot. He went through the atmosphere without any need of
a shield for there was no gravitational pull. The space imp landed upon a
metal plated ground.
        “This is scaring me. No gravitational pull yet I don’t float away.
And where are all the people. A city this big has to have someone in it.” A
small camera hidden in the shadows unbeknownst to Masunamae was triggered
and it rotated to get the boy in its lens.

        Everyone was gathered around the table enjoying yet another
delicious meal prepared by Sasami. Suddenly a siren of some sort of alarm
started blaring. Washu flipped open her transparent laptop. Keys began
flashing as she typed away.
        “Just as I expected, an intruder. Lets get a good look at him.
Tenchi, come over here, will ya?” said Washu, her face glued to the screen.
Tenchi looked at the screen. “It’s just a boy. What’s that in his hand?”
“Enlarging…is that…it’s not possible.”
“It’s a sword, it looks just like mine. Yosho, do you know this boy?”
“Never seen him before. I suggest you find out fast how he came across that
sword,” replied the wise old man.
“Let’s have a little fun with him first,” Washu said through an evil grin.

Masunamae walked quietly through the metallic corridors. Machinery of all
sorts was all along the walls. Suddenly, red lights began to flash
everywhere while sirens blared.
“Intruder alert. Extermination commence,” said a computerized voice. Doors
began to open up all around Masunamae and out strode eight, four foot tall,
four legged robots. They resembled dogs except for the fact that huge
gattling guns were perched on each ones back. They began to open fire upon
the bewildered boy. Instinctively, Masunamae hurtled himself into the air
avoiding the onslaught. He landed behind one of the robo-dogs discharging
the green blade from the mysterious hilt. He dealt the robot a blow right
down the middle sending it into a pillar of flames.
One down, seven to go. Masunamae sprinted around the circumference of the
room dodging the rain of bullets. Jumping high, he landed on the back of one
of the dogs. He put his sword away and ripped off the gattling gun. Turning
to face two of the predators, he opened fired ripping through the metallic
skin destroying both.
That’s three. The robo-dog underneath him suddenly realized its peril. It’s
eyes turned red as the self-destruction devise was triggered. The dog
exploded hurling Masunamae into the wall. His sword fell from his hand as he
laid transfixed on the floor. The remaining four dogs surrounded him,
preventing escape.
“That was quite impressive,” a voice said. Masunamae began to slowly regain
consciousness.
“Who are you, boy,” said the voice once again.
“I am Masunamae Kentiacie. I shall never be defeated!” he roared through
clenched teeth. Washu felt a chill run through her back but the moment was
quickly gone. Masunamae grabbed his sword and ran forward to the awaiting
robots. With one long swipe, all four crumpled to the ground in peaces.
“You’re pretty tough. But lets see how you handle this.” A giant door opened
to reveal a robot five stories tall. In it’s right hand it held a long
thermal blade and in its left was a deadly blaster. The dark eyes turned
green and glared at its adversity. Masunamae wasn’t intimidated. He sprinted
strait for the monstrous creation. The robot lifted the sword above its head
and sent it hurling at the fearless boy. Masunamae then realized his
stupidity and rolled to the right avoiding the red blade. Directly next to
him lay a huge gap in the metallic ground.
That was too close. He sprinted off into the shadows hiding from the monster
as he regained his thoughts. The robot began slashing through all possible
hiding places. As it neared the box Masunamae was hiding behind, the boy
dashed out behind the wreckage giving out a blood-curdling yell. He jumped
high into the air giving a slice at the robot’s right arm. He landed
gracefully as the arm exploded off the side of the monster behind him.
The robot turned around pointing the deadly barrel of the blaster at the
intruder. Masunamae ran around the robot as blaster shots erupted behind
him. After running circles around it, he jumped up on the leg grabbing on
peaces of machinery clambering up the huge robot. Finally he got himself up
top the head. He held the sword high above the head gaining strength and
energy to give the last blow. Masunamae then plunged the sword point first
deep into skull of the monster. Fire erupted from the hole he had created.
He jumped off just in time to view the head exploding. With its main
computer system destroyed, the robot slowly toppled over and landed with an
echoing thud.
“That was incredible, but I’m afraid now the fun must end. I would like a
better look at you.” With this said tentacles came wriggling out of small
robots that seemed to appear from the ground. Masunamae held his sword up
high about to sever one, but a tentacle rapped around his hand. He tried to
kick a robot but another tentacle caught his foot. Another one wrapped
around his stomach squeezing the breath out of him. He began to taste
defeat. With all of his limbs bound, the robots began to shoot electric
currents through hi boy. Masunamae screamed in pain letting his sword drop
from his hand. The robots then began wheeling him toward a gravitational
elevator that lead to the planet earth.

Part 2
The Calm Before the Storm

“I can breath.” Tacoma had been locked inside his tree that was the command
center of his Jurai shuttle for 150 years now. He had been drawing energy
off of it to live. Many years ago he had traveled into this strange galaxy.
He had been fed up with being a part of a royal family and decided to fly
away to a distant planet where he could practice in peace with his most
beloved possession, his sword.
On entering the galaxy, a meteor shower abnormally came out of nowhere. The
shards of ore began ripping through his ship, reducing it to rubble. Just
before the ship exploded, he went inside his tree and has been there ever
since.
“What a mess. Time to fix things up,” he said. The pieces of the once ship
began swirling around the tree floating in space. Piece by piece the ship
was slowly rebuilt. Once it was restored, a small door in the command tree
opened and out stepped a tall, gray haired but strong man. His eyes searched
the ship franticly.
“Where is it? Where is my sword?” Tacoma ran around the ship in frantic
search. He stopped suddenly.
“Of course, how could I have been so ignorant? Someone must have taken it,
for when the thief turned it on, I would’ve waken. Curses! Who has done
this!?” The tree showed a small child doing battle with robots wielding his
sword. He watched intently at the scene. He defeated them easily, along with
a large one. The boy was then taken by some small robots through an orbital
elevator. Tacoma grinned as he saw the sword drop from the boy’s hands to
the ground.
“Head for this place,” he told his ship. A whiling of energy was heard as
the shuttle set of to the center of galaxy. Tacoma watched intently at the
abandoned sword, overjoyed at his luck. Suddenly the sword disappeared.
“WHAT!!??!! What happened? Locate the sword immediately!”
“Scanning, sir,” said the computer.
“…Sword located. Galaxy: Milky Way. System: 609. Planet: Earth.”
“I will get my revenge on this boy for steeling my sword. I will take all
that he holds dear, and then I will take his life. Set a course for the
planet Earth!”

“So this is the frisky little energy source we spotted,” said Washu.
Masunamae was still bound by the tentacles. He was put in front of the
stairs leading down to the lab so Washu and Tenchi could interrogate him.
His eyes narrowed and bored through Washu. She took a step or two back
frightened by his fierce glare.
“He said his name was Masunamae Kentiacie,” Tenchi commented. Ryoko had
heard the commotion and now hovered beside Tenchi.
“How did you come across this sword, boy?” questioned Washu. The familiar
hilt suddenly appeared in Washu’s fist. Masunamae kept his lips sealed.
 “I have ways of convincing you.” She punched a single button on her laptop
sending volts running through the tentacles. Masunamae struggled but held
back a scream as the electricity ripped through his body.
“Let me see that sword Washu,” Ryoko said. She stared at the three crystals
imbedded in the hilt. She smiled in delight.
“Don’t even think about using those crystals, Ryoko. Those are very
interesting. I didn’t create them,” remarked Washu. “Where did you get them
boy. Answer me!” Silence again. Washu sent another stream of electric
current surging through the boy. This time the pain was too much. Masunamae
let out a wild yelp of pain. Mihoshi and Kiyone ran over startled by the
noise.
“Whose this kid?” questioned Kiyone.
“A little trespasser,” Washu replied. “How did you make it to my lab without
a ship, kid?” Nothing. Sparks flew as Masunamae screamed in agony.
“Let me see that sword Washu,” Yosho said. “Hmm.” No-one paid any attention
to him. All eyes were bound to the captured boy.
“Answer him, kid, and Washu will stop electrocuting you,” said Ryoko
remembering how it felt when she took on the defense lasers on Jurai.
“I’ll die before I tell you anything,” Masunamae whispered with great
effort.
 “If you want to die, then so be it,” Washu said as the tentacles lit up
again. This time they didn’t shut off. Masunamae reared upwards yelling
violently.
Sasami finally showed up on the seen. Here eyes grew wide as she saw the boy
her age with ragged clothes bound by the metallic tentacles. She felt no
fear as she stared into the fearless boy’s eyes, rather she felt deep pity.
Masunamae was aware of someone’s vision on him and he looked up. His eyes
met hers and instantly the sharp eyes turned soft. A single tear of pain
rolled off his cheek as he lowered his gaze to the ground.
Sasami dashed forward screaming, “Washu, no! Don’t kill him.”
“And why not?” Washu questioned as she turned off the electricity.
“He means no harm. He’s just a curious space imp, oops,” Sasami replied
accidentally revealing the boy’s identity.
“How do you know this? For all I know, space imps are just a myth. One
hasn’t been seen in over 500 years.”
“She’s right,” Masunamae said hoarsely. “Don’t hurt her.”
“So our little warrior has finally learned how to talk,” Washu said
sarcastically.
“Tsunami told me last night she had met a space imp and he was coming here,”
Sasami said bashfully. After this, Masunamae shared his story from the storm
on the blue planet to entering Washu’s lab.
After he had finished Washu said, “Very good. I see you mean no harm.” The
tentacles retracted freeing the boy from his bonds. He collapsed to the
ground in pain and exhaustion.
“Washu, you killed him!” Sasami yelled. She raised her hand prepared to
strike.
“Relax, he’s just tired. A good night sleep is all he needs.”

Many small tubes where stuck onto Masunamae’s body as Washu recorded
results. He awoke with an incredible headache.
“Well good morning sleepy head. You’ve been sleeping for five days now,” the
scientist said. Masunamae tried to sit up but he was bound to the bed. He
was aware of all the leads pinned to him.
“Don’t try to struggle, I’m almost done with my experiments. I can’t believe
I was lucky enough to find a space imp. To think a humanoid evolved without
lungs…” her voice trailed off as she walked into another room. Instantly the
leather bindings slipped off his body. He got up and put his clothes back on
that were sitting beside him. Washu watched his behavior from an invisible
window.
As he was walking to the door, the ground suddenly opened up and Masunamae
fell into a large water filled tank. The top of it immediately closed and he
was trapped inside. Washu recorded information on a pad as she watched him
through a window. He pounded hard on the window and Washu waved back at him.
“So he can breath underwater, very interesting,” Washu said recording
results. He stopped moving and closed his eyes.
“What’s he up to now.” Masunamae’s body began radiating as he gathered
energy. He put his hands together creating a small ball of energy. Opening
his eyes, he released the ball sending it into the glass wall shattering it
instantly. Water pored out of the whole as Washu ran off being pursued by
the wave. Masunamae jumped out of the hole he made and headed of to the
door.

“Well, hello,” Sasami said with a warm smile. Masunamae flushed slightly but
hid it.
“Uh…hi.”
“You look hungry. How about some lunch to put that color back in your
cheeks.”
“Sure, I guess.” Masunamae sat down and stared at the wide selection of
food. He didn’t know where to start. His mouth began to water realizing how
hungry he was. The little imp went through bowl and platter, eating the food
as quickly as possible.
“Where are my manners?” Sasami said. “My name is Sasami. I’m the youngest
one here you know. My sister is Ayeka. We both come from the planet Jurai.
Have you ever been there?” Masunamae nodded back.
“Tenchi is the only boy in this “family”, not counting Yosho and Noboyuki of
course. The two galaxy police officers are Mihoshi and Kiyone. The
evil-looking one that flies around is Ryoko. She’s a space pirate, or so she
says. She doesn’t seem to do any more pirating around. Well, I think that
takes care of all the introductions I think.”
Meeyow! cried an irritated Ryo-ohki.
“Of course, how could of forget little Ryo-ohki! This little fellow is chibi
cat!” Masunamae’s eyes grew wide knowing what the little animal was capable
of doing. Sasami stopped chattering and stared at the young boy smiling.
Masunamae stopped scoffing down the food and stared back. Sasami blushed
dark crimson becoming aware what she had been doing.
“Oh shoot, the soup is burning,” Sasami rushed away making a fake excuse.
Masunamae continued to conquer the food.
Meanwhile, Ryoko had the mysterious sword in her hands staring wide-eyed at
the three crystals.
“I can’t believe this kid has a crystal, none the less three!” she exclaimed
with delight. “Now if I can only get them off.” Ryoko tugged hard at one of
them trying to get it off. “Stupid…crystal. Come…off!” she grunted. The
sword began to spark and it sent a warning shock into Ryoko’s hand.
“Owieee!” she yelped sucking on her fingers.
“Stupid thing, I give up.” She hurled the sword down the stairs. Masunamae
heard the commotion and turned around in his seat. The hilt landed softly in
the carpeted floor.
“There you are!” he exclaimed. He put down a bowl he was finishing off and
walked over the sword.
He turned around and called out, “Thanks for the meal Sasami!” He then
walked outside to take a look around.
She’s a pretty cool person. So kind. Masunamae let out a deep sigh. He
walked the circumference of the house looking out at the beautiful scenery.
It was early spring and the cherry blossoms were just coming out. It was
breathtaking. He looked up the mountain and saw the small Masaki shrine.
Masunamae smiled at it and decided to take a look.
“Hey there Masunamae, finally waken up, huh?” Tenchi called as he was
sweeping the entrance of the shrine. “Sorry about what Washu did. To tell
you the truth, I was quite terrified myself.”
“That’s ok,” Masunamae replied gingerly. Tenchi’s eyes wandered over to the
sword hooked on to his belt. Masunamae noticed what he was looking at and
took it off.
“Where did you get that?” questioned Tenchi.
“I kinda found it.” At this time Yosho walked out of the shadows hearing the
conversation.
“That is a very interesting sword,” the old man said.
“Have you seen it before grandpa?”
“Indeed I have. It is called Isthris. It belonged to my great grandfather,
Tacoma. But how this lad came to it, I have no idea.”
“I found it in some wreckage floating out in space, sir. There was also some
kind of tree.”
“That would’ve been his Jurai battle cruiser. It must have been destroyed.
Did you find any trace of a body?”
“Uh, no sir. I don’t think. As soon as I found this sword, I left.”
“But grandfather, what about those three crystals? They are very similar to
the ones on my hilt, but Washu couldn’t identify them,” Tenchi remarked
“Those are also a mystery.”
“Uh, yeah, a mystery,” Masunamae said nervously.
“Well, I ought to be going. I’ll see you two later.” The boy grabbed the
sword and sprinted off to the house. Yosho and Tenchi exchanged galnces and
continued there work.

Masunamae entered the house and plopped down on the couch. He looked around
half expecting and half hoping to see Sasami, but she was off picking apples
in the yard. He closed his eyes drearily. Washu was walking quietly around
the room searching for something. She suddenly spotted the slumbering boy.
“Well there you are, lazy bones!” Washu shouted. Masunamae nearly jumped all
the way to the ceiling being startled like that.
“I’ve got something special I want you to see.” She grabbed the boy by his
arm and half dragged half lead him to her lab. They walked sown the stairs
Washu smiling deeply, loving to show off her creations. Masunamae made his
way to a corridor in which mangled wires were wrapped around some kind off
helmet.
“I call this the x-trainer 2000!” she said happily. Masunamae shot her a
fake smile.
“You just put that on your head and turn on your sword. The activation of it
will cause a virtual reality scene in which I will put you in various
scenarios for training. I was truly impressed by your scene against my
robots. I would enjoy testing your true strength.”
Masunamae eagerly placed on the helmet and drew his deadly blade. Instantly
the lab turned into a forest. He was standing in a clearing with small
blocks of wood surrounding him.
“Let’s just warm up, ok?” Washu said through the machine. The blocks began
to glow and lifted off the ground. He squatted in his usual fighting pose. A
log sped toward him from behind trying to catch him off guard, but he was
too quick. He rotated and destroyed the wood with a quick flick of his
sword. Another came from his side, but he knocked it out of the sky. Two
more took off but a jab and a swipe took care of them.
“I’m impressed. Now lets step it up a little.” Four blocks launched off
toward the fighter. The first he shattered and squatted lower to avoid
another. He turned to knock one down, but a log from behind knocked him
sharply in the back. He narrowed his eyes in frustration. Turning red with
rage he charged at the block that had gotten a hit off of him.
“DIE!!!!” His bladed hummed as it seared through the wood. Another log
thought it could be sneaky and charged at him, but his anger had not blotted
his senses and split it in half. Eight blocks remained, and Masunamae was
beginning to pant. The rest of the blocks assaulted him in reporting pairs.
Soon the air was thick with flying oak. He dodged right and left, every now
and then able to take one down. Washu sat gaping at the screen. She couldn’t
understand how he could move so fast. She decided to increase the speed.
Masunamae was now fully energized. He flew up into the air to avoid the
blocks. He also noticed the increased speed of the logs. For some reason no
matter how many he destroyed, the number never seemed to decrease. His mind
was spinning as he dodged around in the sky, the sword flashing right and
left, splinters of wood spraying the ground. Masunamae eventually got the
hint that the pieces of wood were staying at eight. He was fed up with
darting around and using his sword, so he crossed his arms to his chest and
gathered his remaining energy for one last attack. All at once he released
all his energy creating a wave of electricity that destroyed all the blocks
at once.
Washu grinned as she created one last large block far behind the back of the
imp. It began to charge up behind him. Masunamae was to tired to notice,
panting and sweating floating in the air. He thought he heard a whistle
behind him. He turned to see the log hurtling toward him. Before he could
deflect it, the block knocked him hard in the stomach. His face contorted in
pain and hurtled toward the ground. With a breathtaking thud, the boy hit
the ground hard. The virtual reality scene faded and he was back in the lab.
Washu ran to Masunamae seeing that he was bent over double coughing up
blood.
“You okay kid?” she questioned. He had no time to answer; he was knocked
unconscious in an instant. Washu gently picked him off the ground and
carried him upstairs to lay him on the couch. Tenchi had just walked in the
door and was enjoying some of Sasami’s green tea.
“What happened?” he asked Washu as she laid him down on the couch.
“He was training in my lab and couldn’t handle one of my cheap shots.”
“Cheap is right,”  Masunamae said opening one eye.
“Thank God, I thought I had gotten you good there,” Washu replied letting
out a sigh of relief.
“I’m ok, but I have a huge headache,” Masunamae commented.
Sasami handed him some of her tea. “Here, drink this, it’ll help.” He sipped
it slowly savoring each drop.
“This stuff is incredible!” Masunamae said in awe.
Sasami blushed, “Thank you.” She got up and went to go sweep the porch.
Masunamae was staring at her and Washu and Tenchi both noticed. Washu gave
Tenchi a wink.
“Well I have some work to do. Masunamae, you sleep some, and we’ll have
another training session in the morning. Goodnight!” Washu said reentering
her lab.
“Goodnight, Washu. Thanks again.” Masunamae couldn’t believe the sun was
setting already. He gazed up at Tenchi admiring him.
“She’s right, you should sleep. I’ll try not to wake you. See you in the
morning.”
“Okay. See you…” He closed his eyes falling into a dreamless sleep.

Sasami swept on the porch touched by the sunset that lay before. Clouds
streaked in purple and orange tinted by the blood red sun shone into her
twinkling eyes. Ryo-ohki was perched upon her shoulder slumbering soundly.
After laying the broom against the wall, the hard working girl walked back
inside.. She sat in a chair facing the couch, which Masunamae slept on. He
sighed contently and rolled over. Taking a blanket, Sasami spread it over
the slumbering boy. He snuggled slightly and a smile spread across his lips.
Sasami bent down and kissed him on the forehead.
“Goodnight,” she whispered and walked upstairs to her room.



Part 3
Final Revenge

        Sasami opened her door slowly as not to disturb anyone. Ryo-ohki
hopped off down the stairs departing from her room. She silently crept down
the stairs towards the couch where Masunamae slept soundly. He lay just as
she left him with the exception of Ryo-ohki in his lap. She sat down across
from the sleeping pair, her eyes glittering with admiration. Masunamae
suddenly opened one eye and glanced over at the girl.
        “Good morning,” he whispered. Sasami smiled softly at him. Her
expression changed quickly remembering something
        “Good morning indeed. All you do is sleep and eat. You need to take
part in all the work around here,” she said pointing her finger at him.
Masunamae sat up, a puzzled expression on his face.
        “You heard me, you get to work,” she handed him a broom and sent him
outside. Still slightly confused, he went outside and began to sweep the
pathway. Ryo-ohki followed close on his heals. He sat outside sweeping for a
while and then leaned on his broom and let out a deep yawn.
        “Well, Ryo-ohki, that sure was interesting. Sweet little Sasami
doesn’t seem that sweet anymore.”
        Meyow!  Ryo-ohki replied. He looked into the fringe of the forest
and saw a small trail leading of into the woods.
        “Now what do you expect is down that path, Ryo-ohki?” She shrugged
in question. Masunamae dropped the broom and decided to do some exploring.
He strode down the trail looking at the vegetation surrounding him, Ryo-ohki
hopping along with him. Some trees around him had fresh pairs growing from
them and he grabbed one and sat down on a rock to have breakfast. Ryo-ohki
nibbled on the end of another. As he looked around, he noticed a small lake
surrounding a familiar looking tree.
        “Is that…” Masunamae said dropping his pair and running of to the
mysterious water. A single tree stood out feeding off the pure liquid. It
resembled greatly the tree he saw in space. He walked slowly across the
stepping-stones taking in all he saw. Ryo-ohki hopped on his shoulder also
staring at the breathtaking tree. Masunamae sat down on a knurled root and
stared out at the water.
        “Pretty, isn’t it?” said a voice behind. Ryo-ohki hissed at the
stranger at first but then immediately recognized who it was and hopped into
her lap.
        “Are you the…”
        “Yes, I’m the one you saw on planet Hicomereth. Your battle against
the robots at Washu’s laboratory was very impressive. I was very pleased at
your effort.” Masunamae’s expression changed into a sullen frown.
        “Yeah, but I lost. I got captured.”
        “That was unavoidable. Your destiny was to end up with the Masaki
family.”
        “Yeah, that makes sense I guess. But, what is my destiny? And who
the heck are you?”
        “I am two people at one time. I am very fond of you, both of us are.
Your destiny you will find out soon enough.”
        “You’ve lost me now.” Ryo-ohki snored gently in the woman’s lap. She
smiled at the small boy and looked admiringly at his face.
        “Well, your destiny lies at the Masaki home now. Hurry back and the
pieces will fall into place.”
        Masunamae stood up taking the sleeping chibi with him. She smiled at
him still sitting on a root. He hurried across the stones to the dirt path.
He took one more look behind him, but the woman was gone. Letting out a deep
sigh, he ambled slowly home. Ryo-ohki lay in his hands snoring. When he
emerged from the woods, the first thing he saw was the door, but it was
sitting in a tree.
        “Whaa…?” Charred marks were streaked all over the house and fire
lapped through an upstairs window. He walked through the half collapsed
doorway to a sight that made him lurch. The inside of the house had been
completely devastated. The couches and chairs had been incinerated, along
with the table. The carpet was smoldering slightly and there were many
cracks in the walls with black all around them.
        “These must have been Ryoko’s energy blasts.” Slash marks streaked
the walls and floor. As Masunamae was walking his foot bumped into
something. It was Tenchi’s sword! The ceiling suddenly collapsed sending
flames in all direction. Masunamae was buried alive, but he easily knocked
it off of him with an energy blast.
Masunamae walked up the crumbling stairs, seeing flames leap out of Tenchi’s
room. He grabbed one of Washu’s strategically placed fire extinguishers and
smothered the flames.
“What could’ve happened, Ryo-ohki?” Ryo-ohki was too distracted on the scene
to pay any attention. Masunamae’s mind wondered back to the lady sitting on
the tree. The tree! That was it! The tree he had seen in space had looked
just like that one. It was a spaceship of some strange origin.  Masunamae
knew exactly what he had to do. He walked outside and picked Ryo-ohki up
hurling her into the air. She then changed into the spiked cruiser and
Masunamae entered it.
“Locate any typed of ship that might be orbiting the earth, Ryo-ohki. Let’s
get our friends back!”
Meeyowww! Ryo-ohki cried hurtling off into space. Masunamae watched clouds
hurtle by and the atmosphere thin. He was used to this feeling, for being a
space imp, he had done it many times. Suddenly the atmosphere disappeared
completely and Masunamae was staring into empty space. A small dot was
barely visible far to the left. Ryo-ohki had spotted it and shot off towards
the battle cruiser at an alarming rate. Masunamae gritted his teeth
clutching onto the sword tightly. The crystals began to glow slightly at the
power the boy was giving off.
The chibi arrived at the spaceship with out any defensive attacks from the
Jurai battle cruiser. A small door opened at the side of Ryo-ohki as
Masunamae exited her.
“You stay here in case we have to escape fast, ok?”
Meeyow! Ryo-ohki cried in agreement. Masunamae searched the outer hull for
an entranceway. He didn’t have to look far, for a hatch opened wide as if
welcoming him. Masunamae had a strange feeling as he stepped aboard the
ship. He walked a long hall aligned with various statues of strange
creatures. Some of the statues made him sick to his stomach. As he neared to
the door, the last six statues looked very familiar. He suddenly realized
who they were.
“Tenchi! Ryoko! Mihoshi! What in the world?” The statues of them had
expressions of agony. Ryoko looked like she was about to blast the enemy to
pieces. Tenchi was wielding an invisible sword. Kiyone and Mihoshi were
still holding stone blasters. Ayeka and Washu were frozen running for their
lives. The scene was gruesome.
“But where is Sasami! Where did you put her!!!” Masunamae yelled out. The
door opened at the end of the hallway revealing a large open foyer. Trapped
inside a large box of energy at the back of the room was Sasami. Masunamae
charged the structure with a green fire in his eyes. He let out a
devastating battle cry.
Sasami pounded on the box shouting, “Masunamae, no don’t. It’s a trap!” But
Masunamae wouldn’t listen. He swung his sword hard at the energy but the box
stopped him with an electricity volt that sent Masunamae hurtling to the
other side of the room. Sasami cringed as he hit the metal ground.
“Well boy, you should’ve listened to your little friend,” said a man
stepping out of the shadows. With a wave of his hands, the doors slammed
behind Masunamae. The boy slowly stood up clutching his arm in pain. He
glared down his foe with fearlessness.
“Allow me to introduce myself,” he said with a grin. “I am Tacoma. The sword
you hold there rightfully belongs to me.”
“Not any more, you son of a bitch!”
“Now, now, none of that,” Tacoma said drawing forth a keen yellow blade. “If
you won’t give it up, then I will have to take it from you.”
“So be it!” Masunamae charged head on at Tacoma. The enemy disappeared as
Masunamae swung at air, and reappeared behind him. Tacoma slammed his elbow
down hard on Masunamae’s back. The boy fell over gasping for breath. Tacoma
jabbed at the open back, but Masunamae rolled quickly to the side. He kicked
himself back up on his feet and swung at Tacoma. With that, the two engaged,
energy buzzing, blades flashing. The crystals began to glow brighter. Tacoma
lashed out with a vicious kick at Masunamae’s face slamming him a few feet
back. Masunamae recovered and did a hand spring backwards. Tacoma charged at
Masunamae swinging his sword high. Masunamae met it with a swift counter,
but the blow was too hard and the hilt flew from his hands. Masunamae fell
backwards onto his back. Tacoma held the sword point a Masunamae’s neck. He
could feel the heat the energy was giving off.
“Now boy, it ends.” Tacoma prepared to finish off Masunamae.
“NO!!!” Sasami cried. The box suddenly exploded sending shards of crystal
flying through the air. One piece happened the slash across Tacoma’s cheek.
His face reddened with rage. Masunamae saw his chance. He dashed off
snatching up his sword and rotated to see Sasami hurl an energy blast at
Tacoma. It exploded harmlessly off Tacoma’s shield. Masunamae charged at the
unprotected rear of his adversity, but Tacoma was aware of his attack. He
deflected the sword easily.
He dismissed the girl and concentrated on Masunamae. Once again energy
clashed upon energy. As the two swordsmen were fighting, Sasami gathered up
her energy. Masunamae dodged an attack at his head. Tacoma brought down a
furious blow that was countered, but caused Masunamae to step back a few
feet.
Masunamae brought his sword high over his head and stormed Tacoma. His sword
came down hard on the yellow one. They held each other in a deadlock.
Masunamae stared down at Tacoma, fire burning brightly in his eyes. Tacoma
panted hard to keep his sword from failing. With a bright fire, Sasami
unleashed her energy, pouring it into the sword of Masunamae. It glowed with
awesome power. Sparks of electricity flew from the two blades. Without
warning, Tacoma’s sword shattered but he retreated backwards to avoid any
further attack. Masunamae stood in front of Sasami, holding the sword with
anger.
“Well, I must admit, I didn’t expect this much from you boy. But I’m afraid
now I will have to destroy you. This battle is making me weary.” With these
words Tacoma held forth his hand, palm facing out towards Masunamae. It
began to glow with red fire as an energy ball formed. Wind exploded at the
incredible power of the gathering energy. Masunamae began to sweat with
fear, but he held his ground. With a powerful yell, Tacoma let forth his
last offensive attack, giving out all of his energy.
 The red energy smashed up against the yellow shield. Masunamae slid back a
few feet, gritting his teeth at the impact. The shield began to flicker
under the powerful energy.
“I…can’…hold…it,” he kept sliding backwards unable to hold up against
Tacoma. We nee help, Sasami pleaded. She immediately felt her energy
renewed. Masunamae took a glance backward and saw Sasami feeding her energy
out, but someone else was behind her, giving forth her energy also. It was
the woman again. As soon as he noticed her, he understood his destiny.
Masunamae turned back around and smiled at his enemy. Tacoma was not able to
keep his energy flowing, and ended the onslaught.
Tacoma stood there stunned not able to comprehend the failure of his attack.
“Now Tacoma, it’s your turn to die.” Masunamae pointed the end of his sword
at the enemy. It slowly began to charge, waves of energy spreading forth
from it. Electricity frothed from the end, the ball building up strength.
Masunamae’s arms quivered under the increasing strength of his attack. The
crystals glowed with a blinding light.
“See you in hell,” Masunamae said letting loose the beam. It hit hard
against Tacoma’s barrier, but instantly shattered it. The beam seared
through Tacoma’s middle, making a hole. It continued flowing from the sword
wrenching through his body. Smoke filtered out of Tacoma’s mouth and
nostrils as he let out an agonizing yelp. Suddenly, the beam exploded
incinerating Tacoma and sending Masunamae crashing into the ceiling. He
bounced off the wall and landed with a crunch on the floor. His neck was
bent in an awkward angle.  Sasami sprinted over to the injured boy picking
him up in her arms.
“Masunamae, are ok? Masunamae, please speak to me!” tears streamed down her
face as she held Masunamae. Sasami walked Masunamae trough the door leading
to the hallway where the six family members stood transfixed in the stone.
Sasami raised her hand up to the six releasing a slow scatter of energy
particles. The stone on the statues began to slowly crumble, setting free
the others. Sasami walked slowly up to Tenchi sobbing slightly. She looked
up into the warm eyes of Tenchi’s. He took Masunamae from her arms without
saying a word and walked down the corridor to the awaiting Ryo-ohki. Ryoko
was last to leave the battle scene looking at the damage in awe. As she
turned around, something caught her eye. She looked at the forlorn sword
lying on the floor. She smiled and picked it up off the ground, the three
crystals still glowing softly.

<beep, beep, beep> The heart monitor kept track of each heartbeat of
Masunamae. Washu sat in a chair tapping away at her transparent laptop. Her
eyes were pressed to the screen in deep concentration. Masunamae was
floating in a recovery tube filled with a green fluid. A mask was strapped
to his mouth replenishing his energy. Washu would only allow Sasami into the
lab, for she needed full concentration and wanted no disturbances. The rest
of the gang waited patiently at the foot of the stairs.
Sasami let out a few sobs as she stared at the boy floating in the tank. She
turned around chancing a glance at Washu. She looked up from her work and
shot Sasami a sorrowful look, and then bent her head back to the work.
Sasami turned around and continued praying for Masunamae.
Tenchi stood in silence playing with the story of the fight Sasami had told.
It had seemed impossible to win. What hope could a boy have against a
trained warrior? But somehow he concurred Tacoma. Neither Tenchi nor Ryoko
stood any chance against the intruder. He flinched remembering the battle.
Ayeka had before felt no emotion towards the young boy, but now she felt
different. She was touched by his heroic efforts and her sister’s sorrow for
him increased her regret for his state even more.
Mihoshi was sitting on the ground snoring slightly. Kiyone gave her a sharp
kick, giving her a glance that told her to pay her respects. Mihoshi stood
up and thought she saw a small tear in Kiyone’s eye, but she wiped it away
quickly. Ryoko was holding the hilt tapping it against the wall in
impatience. She was feeling very strange. The only emotion I ever felt was
anger, but this boy has taught me how to feel pain. She let a tear fall down
her cheek and onto the floor.
Sasami stared hopingly at Masunamae. His body twitched slightly, but then
resumed it’s natural position. She looked up hoping he had awakened, but saw
his closed eyes. She began to cry even harder.
“Why did you have to save me? Why couldn’t you’ve just gone back into space,
huh? Why…?” Sasami started to cry wildly, tears streaming down her face. The
tears collected in a small puddle and streamed towards some of the machinery
Masunamae was attached to. Suddenly the heart monitor stopped its short
beeps and the line went strait. Masunamae’s head drooped slightly at the
sound of the single long beep. Sasami ran out of the lab and up the stairs
crying with agony.
Everyone looked up as she came shooting out through the orbital elevator,
but their hearts plunged because the little girl was crying. Tenchi entered
the lab followed by the others. Washu turned around in her chair and looked
into Tenchi’s eyes, but then bowed her head, tears dropping onto the keys of
her laptop. Tenchi walked up to the green tube and stared at the lifeless
body. Ryoko gasped, holding the sword tight as she began to cry. What
happened next no one could explain. Sasami’s tears that had collected by the
machinery seeped into the bottom of the metal. The instrument began to hum
as sparkling light slowly moved throughout it. The light traveled up the
tube to Masunamae’s mouth inch by inch. The light enveloped the boy and
light began to flow out from his body. The glass of the tank began to crack
slightly, getting larger and larger. The liquid began to leek through the
broken glass as Masunamae’s body stirred slightly. Everybody watched in
amazement.
The lab suddenly erupted in an explosion that shook the house. Sasami turned
around and ceased crying. Smoke began to poor through the orbital elevator.
Sasami could faintly see a figure coming up the stairs. As the smoke
cleared, she saw it was Masunamae limping slightly and leaning on Tenchi’s
shoulder wearing a warm smile. Sasami’s eyes sparkled as she dashed over and
gave him a warm hug. Masunamae hugged her back.
“Thank you so much,” she said.
“No, thank you.” Ryoko walked over and gave Masunamae his deadly blade. He
smiled at her.
“Thanks, Ryoko.”
“No problem kid.”
“Don’t Sasami and Masunamae make a cute couple, Kiyone?” Mihoshi questioned.
“Yeah, they do,” Kiyone replied sniffling. Ayeka looked over at her sister
and gave her a broad wink. The battle was over, and Masunamae had been
restored by an unknown miracle. Washu stood by her door leaning against the
wall. She blinked back a tear as she watched the family being reunited. She
didn’t even try to guess what had resurrected the boy.

Masunamae and Sasami had been spending each day together after the accident.
No serious sparks flew; they’re only kids anyway. They usually sat on the
porch watching the sunset, holding each other’s hand. Ryoko and Ayeka still
constantly battled for Tenchi, who had no intensions of making up his mind
on who to take for a wife.
Masunamae had now mastered Washu’s x-training 2000, including her log behind
the back trick. Washu had become very fond of Masunamae and took him up
almost as a son. He spent long afternoons in her lab, learning the basics of
science.  Occasionally, he would help Sasami with cooking, and they would
talk about the news, or the weather, or how the carats were going.
But by far the favorite hobby of Masunamae would be sitting on the old Jurai
tree having long talks with the mysterious woman, who eventually revealed
herself as Tsunami. Masunamae loved earth greatly, but Sasami was noticing
how more and more he would star up in the sky with a longing look on his
face. One day Masunamae sat her down on the couch and had a talk with her.
“Sasami, I need to go home.”
“But you are home. Aren’t you happy here?”
“I am very happy here, but I miss my parents. And there are many people out
there like Tacoma.”
“But, I…I love you so much.”
“Yes, I know, and I love you. But I am needed elsewhere.”
“No, you are needed here. I need you here.” With that, she wrapped her arms
around him and began crying on his shoulder, tears staining his shirt.
Those are the same tears that saved me. How could I possibly leave? No! I
have to go.
“Sasami, please don’t make this difficult.” Sasami got up and ran to her
room slamming the door. Ryoko heard the commotion and stuck her head out of
the door.
“What did you do this time kid?” Masunamae didn’t pay any attention and
walked outside into the night. He plopped down into a chair, his mind in a
jumble.
“My destiny huh. What is my destiny? What is my destiny Tsunami!?!?”
Masunamae cried into the sky.
“She can get like that sometimes you know,” Ryoko floated through the wall
above him. “Us women are pretty fragile.”
“I need to go back to space, Ryoko. But Sasami, she’s just…impossible.”
“Follow your dreams kid. That’s what I always have done.” Ryoko sat in a
chair next to him.
“What are your dreams, Ryoko?”
“That’s an easy one. I want Tenchi. Ever since I first saw him, he’s always
made me fell strange. You people call it love. I’ve been pursuing that dream
for as long as I can remember. What are your dreams, kid?”
“I don’t know!” Masunamae got up and walked off into the woods.
“Suit yourself.” Ryoko flew off into her room.
Masunamae was sitting on the old tree again, waiting for the appearance of
Tsunami. She always came when he least expected it.
“I’m so confused. I want to see my parents, but I love Sasami. This is
crazy!”
“Not crazy, just a hard decision,” said the familiar voice.
“Too hard. I’m just a kid.”
        “What does your heart tell you?” Masunamae brought out the familiar
hilt for some reason. Suddenly, without warning, the energy blade sprang
out. He turned around and faced Tsunami smiling.
        “I understand.” With that, he ran off to the Masaki house and slept
on his decision.

        Masunamae woke early the next morning. He walked into the kitchen
and grabbed some apples for breakfast. He ate them fast and sprinted out the
door. Masunamae had made the decision to leave without anyone noticing, for
he was always bad with goodbyes. He gathered energy and prepared to shoot
off into the sky. He took one glance back at the house. A tear rolled from
his eye as he squatted low to get a good jump.
        “Where do you think your going?” it was Washu. She knew he would be
leaving, and hearing the sobbing of Sasami gave it away it would be that
morning. He turned to face her.
        “This is goodbye Washu.”
        “You’re not going anywhere until you say goodbye to everyone else.”
Ryoko, as if by call, came floating outside rubbing sleep out of her eyes
followed by Ayeka. Kiyone came carrying a sleeping Mihoshi. She dropped
Mihoshi on the ground waking her abruptly.
        “Ouch, Kiyone. That wasn’t very nice!”
        “You deserved it. I woke you up five times! You knew Masunamae was
leaving today.” Mihoshi wasn’t listening, she was already snoring. Tenchi
came strolling out followed by Yosho.
        Sasami didn’t show up. Masunamae was disappointed but understood her
contempt. He still wanted to say goodbye.
“Thank you so much Tenchi. You have been so hospitable. You too Yosho.
Washu, you’ve been like a second mom to me.” Washu blushed and gave him a
hug. “Kiyone, Mihoshi, I’ll miss you both.” Kiyone kicked Mihoshi.
“<snore>…what? Oh right, bye…<snore>” Kiyone rolled her eyes.
Masunamae sighed “Ryoko, thanks for your encouragement. Miss Ayeka, it is a
sorrow parting with you. But it is most sorrowful parting with your sister.
Tell her I said bye, ok.” Ayeka nodded. Ryoko was crying uncontrollably.
With these words, Masunamae prepared to shoot off into space, but was
stopped by a small voice.
“Masunamae, wait, please don’t go. I’m sorry if I acted rude. I’ll miss you
so much.” She hugged him sobbing slightly. Masunamae moved the hair out of
her eyes.
“I’ll miss you too.” Sasami let go of him and took a few steps back.
Masunamae gave her a broad wink and shot off into the sky. Sasami watched
him through teary eyes until he disappeared through the clouds. She glanced
at Ryo-ohki thinking about going after him. Tenchi, reading her mind, laid a
hand on her shoulder.
“Let him go Sasami. He’ll be back. I know it.” Sasami turned around and
headed of to the house. She took one last look behind her hoping to see the
small dot reappear, but all she saw was a cloudless sky.

Little Sami, Little Star
That is what you really are
Cross my heart and hope to die
You are the apple of my eye

Disclaimer:
Practically all of these characters belong to pioneer, excluding two. All of
the scenes belong to Pioneer. The poem belongs to Michael W. Smith, but I
revised it a little. Don’t sue me please. I’m just a kid, I have no money.

I would like to thank Peter Broadstone for his editing efforts and his
encouragement.

Do you like it? It’s my first, but I enjoyed writing it. If you have any
comments, questions, or you just feel like cussing someone out, e-mail me at
rwdacus@mccallie.org




