This is Vincent M.'Max Raven' Eskilsson, here with a new fanfic. 
And, I'm back, I guess you could say... 
Everyone who liked House Full Of Ohkis... Well, I'm not sure you'll
like this, but why not try?

Ok, now the legal stuff, so AIC and Pioneer don't shove a fat lawsuit
down my throat(I couldn't afford it anyway, 'cause all my money goes to
Anime and phone bills ^^).
Some characters in this fanfic are from Tenchi Muyo!, which is property
of AIC and Pioneer.  As far as I'm concerned, "Tenchi Muyo!" is a great
anime, and I didn't create the characters in the anime or their 
situation.
That about covers it I think.  On with the FanFic.

Swords and Evil
-------------------------------

A long time ago, in a dimension not even remotely connected to ours,
there was a planet. On this planet there was a country, called 
Sijouro. Dark ages haunted this country, alas, there was an evil 
emperor, who destroyed everyone who opposed him, and caused great
suffering. Legend had it, only the bearer of the legendary sword 
Raiken would emerge victorius from a battle with this fiend, 
as the emperor had studied dark magic, and as a result from the studies,
he was as immortal as any god. Many heroes tried to find the legendary
sword in the snowy wastes, where it was legened to be, 
but none returned alive. 
And it is here our story begins.

 Returning from the snowy wastes, and as the first ones to do it,
Durg, the barbarian, Dessira, the sorceress, and Borvor, the minstrel,
were immedietly ambushed by imperial soldiers.
Fortunately, being in the snowy wastes for as many months as they were,
Borvor hadn't practiced playing his mandoline(much to his companions 
happiness). The music Borvor could perform was legendary, 
mostly because people get their eardrums bursted by the sound.
And as Durg and Dessira weren't stupid(or at least not one of them),
they had put cloth in their ears to put out the noise.
 After a very short and grim battle (and pretty gory aswell), 
most of the soldiers were dead, and those who weren't, wished they were.

 Over a very short period of time, the three travelled south, closer
to the emperor's stronghold with each step.
Although they were an obvius threat to the emperor, the three met
little or no resistance on their journey to the fortress.
Durg, wielding the legendary sword Raiken, gave the people new hope
as he and his companions travelled to do battle with the emperor and his 
minions.

 Arriving at the castle, a damp mist, satiated with suffering and darkness,
settled over the three.
Dessira immedietly took the lead, taking them into the fortress.
"This is a secret hallway my father built when he was a mortal and filled
by the fears of mortals.", she said as the party walked through a dusty
hallway filled with cobwebs.
Durg lit a torch, and watched the shadows dance over Dessira's face.
"You never told us why you're going against your own father.", he
said with a low voice.
"As I told you before, I have my reasons... But if you really 
got to know..."
Dessira sat down on a large boulder in the hall, and her cape slowly 
moved in the wind.
"My father once was a good man. Whatever people may say about him, 
he was a kind man. This was of course before my time... 
I intend to save that last thread of humanity that lies within his 
bloodstained soul, even if it means I have to kill him.
There, are you satisfied?"
She swung down, and grabbed the torch from Durg.
"Let us carry on.", she said, as she resumed walking down the hallway.
"Yes, lat us carry on to deeds that will be written of by many scholars
and men", Borvor said, undoubtebly happy.
"You be quiet, minstrel.", both Dessira and Durg told him.
"My, how rude", Borvor replied.
They walked further through the hall, dust covering their already worn 
travelling clothes.

As they opened the secret door to the throneroom, Durg felt his soul 
lifted as he beheld that the throneroom was empty, except for the 
neversleeping emperor. 
There were paintings of dragons and knights fighting in the ceiling, 
adding sort of lighter tone to the room.
He signalled to his companions to follow him, and they entered the room.

As Dessira entered the room as the last one, the door behind her closed
with a loud creaking noise, and was sealed.
"You took your own sweet time."
The three gazed at the emperor. A look of pure hatred was in the emperors
face. 
"But then I guess, you wanted to enjoy your last moments of life...
In your very own way..."
Dessira blushed and glanced towards Borvor.
The emperor gazed over the three. 
"So this is all you managed you managed to bring up against me?
A dumb fighter and an unskilled minstrel, even though unskilled is an
understatement... You never did inherit much of your father's charisma"
"Watch your toungue father. This warrior carries the very instrument
of your destruction."
Dessira pointed at Durg, who had already wielded the legendary sword.
"Don't make me laugh. Hmmm... 'Instrument of destruction'... It sounds
so familiar... Ah yes, I made that sword... You think that sword
could kill an immortal?"
Durg, always more for letting actions speak, launched an attack at the 
emperor, aiming a mighty blow towards the emperors throat.
The emperor whispered something, and suddenly Durg couldn't move.
"Such a skilled warrior", the emperor said with a sarcastic voice,
"You're waving the sword like it was a broom."
Sweat broke out on Durg's forehead, as he struggled to break free from 
the spell.
"Feisty one, isn't he?", the emperor grinned.
He rapidly launched a giant wave of flame towards Durg.
Just as Durg thought he was over with, the wave bounced on some invisible
wall and flew towards the emperor. 
"I see you've improved... But that won't make a difference.", he said.
He quickly dispersed the flames and sent wave after wave of pure energy
at the three.
Dessira valiantly defended her friends from the attacks, but she was
being exhausted by having to use so much energy at one time.
 As Dessira sunk down to her knees, completely exhausted, the emperor
released magic so powerful, it effected the very roots of reality.
Durg suddenly realized he could move again, and ran towards the emperor,
aiming for the throat...

---Light---

---Dim voices---

---Where am I?---

---What happened? Did I slay him?---

---I must have, or I wouldn't be here, right?---

---So where am I?---

---I guess there's only one way to find out---

Durg opened his eyes, his eyes focusing...

"Look like she's regaining consciousness."

---She?---

Durg looked down on his body, noticing a uniform he could have sworn 
he hadn't been wearing earlier.
Under the uniform, he could feel his breasts pressing towards the shirt.

---Breasts?---

He hadn't had breasts earlier, well, not _this_ kind of breasts.
Something was wrong, very wrong...

Durg sat up on the table, looking around the room.
There was a purple-haired woman and a blue-haired little girl
next to him.
"Where am I?", he asked
"So who are you? And where did you come from?", the bleu-haired girl asked.
"Well, ah... You wanna know where I come from, huh?", he asked.
He quickly came up with something to distract their attention, which
is what he usually did when he bumped into these kind of nosy persons,
even though one of them was damn attractive.
"Oh my god! I've come in contact with the local people!", he exclaimed.
>That usually works<, he thought,>people think you're an airhead and 
leave you alone.<
"Excuse me young lady, but I'm pretty sure we haven't caught your name 
yet.", the woman said.
>Damn... Let me see, I'm obviously a woman for the time being, so what
name can I use?<
The name 'Mihoshi' bubbled up through his mind.
"Oh right. I'm sorry, pardon me. My name is Mihoshi and I uh..?"
He suddenly noticed he was missing the sword.
"What? Where did it go? Does anybody know where it went to?"
"What it? Are you looking for this?"
A woman with cyan-coloured spiky hair held up something that looked 
like a bracelet with a rare ruby attached to it.
Durg made a quick estimation that it was worth about 10.000.000 gold 
coins. He could buy 10 new legendary swords with that kind of money.
He thought fast.
"Yes. Yes, that's exactly what I was looking for. Thank you very much
for finding it whoever you are. I'm really grateful, really..."
The cyan-haired woman pulled the bracelet out of his reach.
"Hey! What are you doing?
Please, give it back 'cause it's mine.", he tried.
"Tell me, what does the galaxy police want in a place like this?"
"Galaxy Police? Really?", the girl said.
>Galaxy Police... Must be the locals name for barbarians here...<
"Oh, you know about us...
Well, I was in the pursuit of a vicious criminal, but before I knew
it I was dragged down here by the energy of that monster."
He didn't even think the words before he uttered them. They seemed
to come by themselves.
The cyan-haired woman gave the bracelet to him.
Oh, erm, thank you very much." >sucker< , he added in his thoughts.
The bracelet suddenly began making noise and blinking.
"What?", he said without thinking.
"What is it?", the cyan-haired woman asked him
>Must be magical<, he thought.
He pulled the first thing he came up with.
"I thought it was broken, but...", he said.
"It's not, you see, I fixed it.", the cyan-haired woman replied.
"That was very kind of you, but how did you know how to fix
this bracelet? The people who usually know about these are..?"
"They are?", the woman smiled.
"If you could fix this bracelet...", he tried.
"Mhm...", she replied.
A small 'Oh...' escaped the little girl, and Durg was distracted for
a short moment.
>She can't be a jeweler, right? She doesn't look like one<
"Then you must be, no you couldn't be..."
"Hmmm?"
"Are you a..?"
"A what?"
"Are you a jeweler?"
The woman got a very odd expression on her face and dropped to the 
floor. Half a second later, she was right in front of him, almost roaring:
"No, I'm not!"
"Ok, I thought you might be..."
That was all he had time to say, before he lost consciousness again.

---Where am I?---

---Why is it so dark?---

---Did that woman kill me?---

---Hmmm, it smells of blood---

He once again opened hi eyes, and saw that he was laying in a puddle
of blood. His side hurt like hell.
Then he realized that some, but not much, of the blood was his own.
He looked up at the ceiling, seeing paintings of dragons and brave
knights.
>So, I'm back<, he thought.
He sat up, noticing that his body was back to it's old self.
That comforted him in a way.
He looked around in the throneroom.
Dessira was standing with Borvor and conversating with some guy.
He looked at the floor where he was laying. 
There, in a small pool of blood, the emperor's head was, about 
twenty feet away from the body.
>So I killed him< , he thought.
He stood up, which was very painful to him due to the wound in his side.
The others turned towards him as he walked down the stairs, coughing.
"He's alive!", Dessira exclaimed.
"Very much alive indeed.", the other person said.
"The brave hero who saved the day survived to tell the tale to 
generations to coooom...", Borvor started singing.
"Shut up!", everyone else told Borvor.
Durg looked at the other person.
"Who's he?", he asked.
"Just some guy who showed up here just before you killed the emperor.",
Dessira answered him.
"What's he called?"
"Kagato, I think."
"Yes, that's my name.", Kagato said.
"You look a little pale... You don't go outside a lot?", Durg asked him.
"Durg, you're the one to say that. Like you look better yourself at
the moment.", Dessira said.
"You're probably right..."
He coughed, and fell towards the floor.
Luckily, Kagato captured him.
"We will have to sterilize and bandage his wounds, and then he's going 
to be in bed for the next couple of months.", he said.
"You sound like a doctor, is that what you do?", Borvor asked.
"I am... Was a scientist...", Kagato answered him.
"Scientists huh? Never trusted them...", Desirra said.

-------------------------------------------

So, how did you like it? HEY! Stop throwing tomatoes at me!
OUCH! And that includes carrots! 

Anyway, here's my e-mail, send all advice and challenges for a duel
to death there: _8thlegion_max@mail.bip.net
Also, I'd like to thank John-Ohki for pre-reading the fanfic.
And -don't start to cry now- I'll be back with more fanfics.
Owww, don't throw rocks at me!
*Muffled sound of ouch from under a big rock placed over the so called
'fanfic writer'*