I do NOT own any of these characters EXCEPT Samiko Tenoko, and her 
parents. All the others, however, belong to the Pioneer and AIC. Please 
don't sue me! I am STILL waiting for my wallet to be returned to me. 
Washu took it to study in her subspace lab. ; }

                                 TENCHI UNIVERSE 2
                                  PART 4: Hello, Jurai !
                                         By Dan Stewart


 Two space ships, Jurian, made their way through space, towards Earth. 
The first Jurian spaceship called Tsunami raced for the planet Earth. 
Inside was the Princess Sasami Masaki.

" How much longer to Earth, Tsunami ? " She asked  clearly bored.

" It will be one hour, Princess Sasami. Would you like to increase speed 
? " said a soft, calm voice. 

" Yes, please increase speed, Tsunami. " Sasami replied, still bored, 
but feeling better. That reason was because they were closer to Earth 
than she thought.

" Princess ? Would you like to talk to Princess Ayeka ? " The voice 
asked carefully, hopeing to keep her occupant busy. That was what a good 
ship was to do. Besides, the Princess Sasami was assimilated with her, 
or at least with her human/ goddess counterpart. Though this was a fact 
no one knew except for the ship. Sasami only knew half of this, though.

" I guess." The ship sighed in a way. " Hi, Ayeka ! "

?	*                *

The transmission made it's way to the second Juraian spaceship. Inside 
was Princess Sasami's older sister. The first crowned princess of Jurai, 
Princess Ayeka, was only awake by the knowledge that she would see 
Tenchi again.
Her thoughts were interrupted when Sasami's voice was heard.

" Hi, Ayeka ! I'm bored. Do you want to play a game ? " Sasami jumped up 
and down with excitement.

" No, I don't. Besides that is not the way for a crowned princess of the 
Royal family of Jurai to act. " The first crowned princess of Jurai 
replied sourly.
" Goodbye. "


?	*                       * 

 " Humph ! Ayeka is sure in a bad mood. " Sasami paused. " And now I 
don't have anything to do ! " She sat in the chair and thought. After a 
bit, Sasami fell asleep.

?	*I                  *

 Soon Princess Sasami was awakened by the  sound of Tsunami landing.


" Would you like to be transported down, Princess Sasami ? " Tsunami 
asked.

" Yes, please, Tsunami. " came the reply.

" Yes, ma'am. "

As Sasami was transported to the ground, she saw Ayeka was already out 
and walking to the Masaki house. As they approached the door, it was 
opened by a small woman with long black hair. " Hello ! You must be 
Princess Ayeka and Princess Sasami. "  She bowed to them. Ayeka and 
Sasami bowed back to her. " I'm First Class Detective Samiko Tenoko. 
Come on in ! " Samiko said cheerily.

?	*                   *

 " So, Miss Ayeka, you came back to see us ? " asked Tenchi while they 
ate the delicacies that Sasami cooked.

" Yes, We, both Sasami and I, missed this place. So we both came here 
for a little holiday. "

Everyone talked and had a fun time eating all the deliciuos food. Soon 
they were all full, and went to bed. All that is except Samiko and 
Sasami. They both went outside and sat on the porch. Samiko and Sasami 
looked up at the stars and talked about themselves.

?	*                *

Out in space somewhere, two forces awakened. Niether did not realized 
either were dead and went out in search for something. They both 
searched for the same thing. Tenchi Masaki...


   

How did you like this so far ? Please e-mail me.
