I don't own any of these characters. They all belong to Pioneer. So 
please don't sue me. Washu took my wallet to her lab ! ; ]


                               TENCHI UNIVERSE 2
                                 PART 2: Hello Memories !
                                      By Dan Stewart

  Clear, bright morning air filtered through  Tenchi Masaki's bedroom 
window in Okayama, Japan. The sun was bathing the house in warm 
sunlight, when suddenly Tenchi's bedroom door slammed open. 

  As soon as the door opened, Noboyuki, Tenchi's father, cried out " 
Tenchi! Time to get up for breakfast ! "
 

  " All right! I'll be up in a minute ! " Tenchi cried out. He dressed 
in his usual clothes, and ran out of his room. Who opened my door? 
Probably Dad trying to scare me, Tenchi thought as he ran downstairs. 
Ever since Ryoko disappeared Dad has been saying our house is haunted. 
Wonder why?

  " Good morning, Tenchi!  Did you sleep well ? " Noboyuki called out to 
his son.

  " Fine, Dad. By the way, did you open my bedroom door? It wasn't very 
funny. " Tenchi replied. He looked around the kitchen. The only one up 
was Kiyone, and she was eating pancakes.

" Ten-chiiiiii. Why would I do that ? " Tenchi's father asked 
innocently.

"Maybe because you been telling me our house is haunted. " Tenchi 
sighed. Why won't he just admit it?!

 Just then Kiyone looked up from her bowl of miso soup. " Good morning, 
Tenchi! I couldn't help but listen * yawn * but I have to agree with 
Noboyuki, because the same thing happened to * yawn *Mihoshi I should 
know cuz Mihoshi kept * yawn * me up all night because of it I'm 
ssssoooo.." Kiyone fell face first into her empty bowl and started 
snoring.


Tenchi grabbed a bowl and filled it up with miso soup. Noboyuki grumbled 
about nobody ever believing what he says as Tenchi sat down in front of 
a gurgling Kiyone. " Shouldn't we wake her up, Tenchi ? " asked 
Noboyuki.  "No, I bet she will be in a better mood with Mihoshi when she 
wakes up if we let her sleep. " Tenchi replied. 

  When Tenchi started to eat, a loud shriek stopped him. Noboyuki, 
Kiyone, and Tenchi got up. " That sounded like Mihoshi ! " yelled Tenchi 
as he
stood up and started running up the stairs to Mihoshi's room. As he 
neared the door, Mihoshi ran out and Tenchi collided with the woman who 
started it all. They both fell to the floor. 

 " Ouch.. " moaned Mihoshi as she regained consciousness. As she sat up, 
Kiyone and Noboyuki got up the stairs.

 " What did you do this time, Mihoshi ?! " screamed Kiyone. " 
and what did you do to Tenchi ?! "

 " Ryoko just popped out of the wall, and scared me, so, I went to get 
the Galaxy Police.." Kiyone interrupted, " You are such an airhead ?! We         
* are * the Galaxy  Police ?! " Kiyone started to strangle her, but was 
pushed away by Tenchi.

 " Where did you see her, Mihoshi ? Show me ! " asked Tenchi. He started 
to shake Mihoshi gently. " Please, Mihoshi? Please ? "

 " Okay! " She smiled and got up off the wooden floor. " I saw Miss 
Ryoko over here in this corner. Oh, no! I forgot to ask her if she has 
seen that mean, old space pirate."

 " YOU IDIOT !!!! " yelled Kiyone as she  launched herself into the air 
and landed with her legs around Mihoshi's  neck. " You don't  mean the 
Space Pirate Ryoko, do you ?! "

" Yay! That's what I said, Kiyone! Hey, did you know that Ryoko and the 
Space Pirate have the same name ? " asked Mihoshi as Kiyone got up off 
her.

 
" Oh, yay. I forgot for a moment that Ryoko is the space pirate. " 
Kiyone groaned. " I've been hanging around Mihoshi for to long. " She 
sighed heavily as she said, " I'm going to take a nice, relaxing bath. " 

 " Oh good! I'll come to! We'll have a fun time taking a bath! I love 
baths, don't you Kiyone? It's even better to take a bath with a friend. 
My best friend is you Kiyone!  I so glad that we will be partners 
forever, because I asked Grandfather if you could be my partner forever, 
and he said YES, Kiyone. Aren't you so happy? Kiyone? Kiyone? Where did 
you go ? " Mihoshi looked around for Tenchi or Noboyuki or Kiyone. " 
Tenchi? Noboyuki? Kiyone? Where are you all ? " She started crying. " 
Where are all of you?! Don't leave me here alone! The Space Pirate might 
get me and the Galaxy Police won't get here in time to save me! Kiyone ! 
" She went on and on and finally ran downstairs, tripped, and fell to 
the ground at the bottom of the stairs, unconscious

 " Ouch.." She groaned to nobody. On the topmost stair, there is a 
cascade of laughter, while everyone in the Masaki family  is downstairs.

*                  *                     *

Meanwhile, in the girls bath, Kiyone was neck deep in the simmering, 
clear water. " Why must I be burdened with that pain-in-the-neck? I was 
top in my class, but then, I get partnered with Mihoshi. * sigh *  I 
thought it was great, to be partnered with the Grand Martial's daughter. 
Then I found out how she was such an Airhead!!. " She jumps up and makes 
a fist, which she shakes violently and then slumps back down into the 
hot water. Kiyone sighed, then continued,  "  I wanted to leave her, but 
I soon became attached to her. She is just so happy and bubbly, it just 
makes you smile. Mihoshi is such a burden, but. I couldn't leave her. " 
Kiyone  smiles and then slowly closes her eyes and falls asleep.

*                    *                   *

Tenchi slowly walked past  the unconscious Mihoshi and smiles, " I guess 
Kiyone won't have to worry about  Mihoshi for a while. " Tenchi laughs 
quietly to himself as he made his way to his room.

Tenchi looked into his room, and saw a  photo on his desk. He went over 
and picked it up. It was a picture of all of them, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, 
Ryo-oh-ki, and the others. " I wonder if they will come too ? " Tenchi 
wondered as he fell asleep on his bed. 





 


Is the story okay so far? I hope it is. Please E-mail me. 
Next is Tenchi Universe Part 3 Hello Samiko Tenoko!
Dan




















