             I don't own any of these characters. Tenchi Masaki, Ryoko, 
Ayeka Sasami, ect., ect. belong to Pioneer, so PLEASE don't sue  me. 
This is a continuation of Tenchi Universe.
                         Techi Universe 2
                          PART ONE : Hello Mihoshi and  Kiyone!

                          By Dan Stewart
       
     The bright morning light filtered through Tenchi Masaki's bedroom 
window. Suddenly a loud BOOM broke through the still morning air.
   " Huh ?" Tenchi cried as he woke from slumber.
" What was that ?" he asked himself.

     Tenchi dressed quickly and ran downstairs. As he ran out to the 
front porch, his stomach growled. " I guess I better get a breakfast 
before I go out to see what happened. " he thought to himself. His 
stomach growled in agreement.

   As Tenchi Masaki ran into the kitchen, he thought of Sasami, and how 
he would like one of her meals. Those thought brought back memories of 
the past year. He ran outside as he munched  on a rice cracker. Tenchi 
couldn't stop thinking of  Ryoko. I wonder what  ever happened to her? 
He thought to himself. I wonder what happened her? Tenchi wondered as he 
neared the crash sight. Inside the blast zone he saw a familiar bunch of 
blonde hair.   

   " Mihoshi ?! I told you not to press that button, but NO you had to 
press it anyway ?! " came a familiar voice.

  " I'm sorry Kiyone. I was hungry, and it said lunch, honestly it did ! 
" wailed Mihoshi.

   " You idiot! It said launch not lunch, Bubblehead !! " cried Kiyone, 
" Now I won't ever get to the Galaxy Police Headquarters to get my 
Promotion !! I'll be stuck with you for the rest of my life !!? "

  Kiyone shook Mihoshi around. " I said I'm sorry! Isn't *that* enough 
?"

  " Excuse me.. Ladies ? " Tenchi said as he neared the two Detectives.
    Kiyone looked up, her face flushed in anger. That anger disappeared 
as she saw Tenchi standing there. " Oh, Hi Tenchi ! "

  Mihoshi looked up, her tearstricken, and flushed also  but not with 
anger, but with fear and sadness. As soon as she saw  
Tenchi, her face brightened up. " Hi! It's pretty hot today isn't it ? "

  Kiyone facefaulted. Does she do this on purpose!? Kiyone thought. 
 
  Kiyone dropped Mihoshi and walked over to Tenchi. " Excuse me, but can 
we stay for a while ? "

 Tenchi just nodded.

?	*                *
 
" So, you girls are going to stay with us again ? " Tenchi's father 
Noboyuki asked.

 " Yes, Mihhoshi got us stuck here AGAIN !? " Kiyone started crying. " 
and just when I was to be Promoted ! "

 A crash interrupted their conversation. 
  " Ooops. " said Mihoshi.

  " What did you do this time Bubblehead ? " yelled an enraged Kiyone.

  " I was just getting a pickle when the plate dropped. I didn't do it, 
believe me ! " cried Mihoshi.

  I better go to bed before this gets out of hand. thought  Tenchi.
" I better get on to bed. *yawn* " Tenchi got up stretched and got up 
and went up  the stairs. Oops! I forgot to ask Kiyone and Mihoshi about 
Ryoko and Ryo- oh- ki. Well, I'll just ask in the morning. He thought as 
he closed his eyes and went to sleep.


Hi! This is my first part of a continuation of Tenchi Universe.