I don't own any of the characters except Samiko Tenoko. I made up her 
name and Trakal's last name. If they have any resemblance to someone's 
name . It is a coincident. All of the other characters belong to AIC and 
Pioneer. So please don't sue. The reason is because, currently, Ryoko 
has ' zapped ' my wallet. In other words, I'M BROKE. ALSO, I know 
Operative A/Trakal is probably acting out of character, but I don't know 
what his normal personality is. 


                             TENCHI UNIVERSE 2
                         PART  6: Hello, Trakal Soko !
                         By Dan Stewart  a.k.a  Merei-chan


 As Samiko and Sasami walked down the dark, lonely corridor, Sasami 
clenched Samiko's hand. 

 " Samiko ? " Sasami's voice quacked.

" What, Sasami ? " Samiko answered softly.

" Where are we going ? " 

Samiko could tell the little girl was afraid. She was scared when 
Mihoshi walked her through a dark corridor, too. She was even showing 
Sasami to someone just like when Mihoshi brought her ! Mihoshi had her 
meet Kiyone, her new partner. Kiyone had been nice when Samiko met her, 
until  Mihoshi got her mad, that is. She giggled softly.

Sasami repeated her question. " Samiko, where are we going ? "

This time Samiko listened and answered, " I'm going to have you meet a 
good friend. "

The two girls walked on down the corridor until Samiko stopped Sasami at 
a door that  had a label. It said " Room 313 B  This is a Galaxy Police 
Operative room. Please stay out unless you have permission. 
Commander Sarnnd Tenoko "


Samiko turned to the girl and said, " Sasami, this is important. Don't 
tell anyone that we came down here. Okay ? "


Sasami nodded slowly. " I won't tell no one, Samiko. "

Samiko smiled at her and told her, " Stay out here. I have to go wake 
him up. When I say, you can come in. 'kay ? " Sasami nodded in 
acknowledgment.
Samiko opened the door and walked into the dark room.  Then  she turned 
and slowly shut the door.

 Samiko Tenoko. Brave explorer. Her current mission ? To wake the 
sleeping monster in the world famous Trakal Soko Museum. Wow. His room 
does look like museum.  She giggled   quietly.

 In the corner of the room, a figure lay concealed in a sleeping mat. 
Samiko bent down and shook the figure violently. After a minute or two, 
she stopped. 
Drat. It is not working. Time for drastic measures. Samiko took in a 
deep breath and yanked off the covers. Underneath lay a bat-like 
creature in blue boxers. Samiko started shaking the figure some more and 
yelled, " Wake up, Operative ! Class A-1 criminal Kain has broken loose 
! " 

 The Operative sat up violently, grabbed her and pulled her on  it, 
still asleep. Samiko lay on the furry figure and groaned. " Oh, JUST 
WAKE UP !!!! " She yelled and kicked him in the shins.

 " Huh !? What is going on !? " The figure sat up, pushing Samiko onto 
his lap. Then creature looked down at Samiko. He smiled and picked her 
up into a sitting position on his lap. " What is it ? You'll be in big 
trouble if your found here. Don't worry, I won't tell. "  He smiled 
again and hugged her. Samiko leaned against his chest and sighed. Then 
he bent down to kiss her. Samiko closed her eyes and felt his soft, 
furry muzzle on her lips. Suddenly a knock at the door interrupted  
them.


 " Samiko ? Can I come in yet ? " asked Sasami from outside.

Samiko looked stricken. " Oh, no ! I forgot all about Sasami ! " She got 
up. As she neared the door, Samiko turned back to him and said, " Trakal 
? You might want to get dressed. " She laughed lightly as Trakal looked 
embarrassed as he looked down at himself. Samiko was sure that he was 
blushing underneath his fur.  " Yay, I better get dressed. I'm gonna 
take a shower. If you need me come on in. Be back. " He laughed as he 
went to the bathroom to take a quick shower.

?	*                              *
 
   First Class Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi pushed their way through 
the  crowd  to get to the cafeteria. After about thirty minutes, both 
girls made it to their seats. 

  Mihoshi looked up. " Hey, Kiyone ? What is for lunch ? " 

  Kiyone looked at the ground. " I hope it is edible. I don't even want 
to remember last time. " she mumbled.

  " Kiyone, it wasn't that bad. I mean I thought it tasted just great. I 
mean sure there we-"

Kiyone interrupted her. " You will eat anything. I'm suprised you aren't 
fat. "

 Mihoshi looked betrayed. " I have never been fat in my life. " She 
turned her head.

Kiyone silently got up and started for the  food line. Mihoshi looked up 
and found Kiyone gone. " Kiyone where are you ? " As she got up her  
shoe laces got caught in the table and tripped causing the table to fall 
on her. " ..Ouch.. That hurt..." She moaned.

?	*                            *

  Samiko went to open the door and bring Sasami inside. When she opened 
the door she was blinded by the bight light of the hall. When her eyes 
adjusted, Samiko saw Sasami in front of her smiling. Samiko smiled back.
" Wow ! The lights sure are bright for a corridor of operatives. " Then 
she looked at Sasami. " I guess you can come in, too. " Samiko held the 
door while Sasami walked slowly into the dark room. 

 As both girls were inside the room, Sasami turned to Samiko. " Who is 
it ? " She asked innocently. 

 Samiko  smiled and told the little girl, " It is a good friend. " Then 
she turned and  placed her ear to the door to another room. Samiko heard 
the sound of water turned off. I guess he is done. She thought. " Can I 
come in ? " Not pausing for an answer, she barged on in. As soon as she 
walked in, she quickly turned and blushed. For when she walked in, 
Trakal was just putting on a towel. " Oh, Trakal. Heh heh. " Samiko 
started, but couldn't  continue.
Hearing heavy footsteps, she turned. She was met with the sight of 
Trakal wearing the regular clothing  worn by a Galaxy Police operative. 

 He smiled. " It's okay. Just don't do that again. Okay ? " He was 
answered by Samiko nodding slowly. Trakal smiled again and made his way 
outside.

?	*                          *

 Tenchi Masaki made his way to the porch. I hope they are doing okay, he 
thought as he walked down the steps. Suddenly a bright light caught his 
eye.
" Huh ? " Tenchi said as a shadow came behind him. He spun around 
quickly and saw Ayeka. " Oh, Miss Ayeka. What is it ? " Tenchi asked.

 " Tenchi ? I came to ask you if you knew how to cook. I can't figure 
out how this cook book works. " She held up a book. Gosh I am so glad 
Ryoko isn't here to hear that. She would gloat about it all day. Ugh. 
That Monster Woman. 

 Against the back of the house a laughing was heard. As Ayeka and Tenchi 
went back into the house a scream rang from the kitchen.

?	*                      *

 Outside the bathroom door, Samiko could hear Sasami talking. As she 
walked out, Sasami was introducing herself. " Hi ! My name is Sasami 
Masaki. How do you do ? " 

 Then she heard Trakal's low voice. " Hi ! I'm Operative Trakal Soko. " 

 Okay. It is okay. Even though I picked the worst time to come into the 
bathroom, he forgave you. Breath. Samiko thought to herself. She sighed 
as she opened the bathroom door to go outside.

?	*                           *

 " Aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! ! "  screamed a distraught Ayeka and a alarmed 
Tenchi. The entire kitchen had  been covered with writing. All of them 
said  something about  Ayeka not being able to cook . Suddenly a loud 
zapping noise was heard from the broom closet.  Both Tenchi and Ayeka 
ran to it. As the door opened, Both people were amazed to see....Washu !

 " Move it please. " Washu said, as the small scientist pushed threw 
them and  walked into the kitchen with a large microscope. As she peered 
at the writing, Washu muttered words too low to be heard. The red-haired 
scientist turned around, still muttering, and walked back into the broom 
closet. Both Tenchi and Ayeka heard the words Ryoko and regeneration as 
Washu walked by. Suddenly they heard a scream of disgust from the broom 
closet.

?	*                   *

 Back at the Galaxy Police, Kiyone was just getting back to the table 
where Mihoshi was supposed to be. As the Teal-haired detective put down 
the plates she spoke, " Where is Mihoshi ? " Then a little quietly, " 
That bubblehead ! Can't she stay in one place ?! " Kiyone looked around 
and went to the garbage cans, where she dumped the food. " Knowing that 
airhead of a partner, I won't get to eat anything, so might as well just 
go on and throw it away. . " She turned around and started to look for 
Mihoshi. 

?	*                          *

 The last thing Mihoshi knew, she was looking for Kiyone. When she 
looked into a room, the door did say " Keep Out ", a bright flash 
appeared, and everything went black. When the dumb blonde woke up, she 
found herself in a big laboratory. Right next to her was a door. 
Suddenly, Washu walked threw it. As Washu saw Mihoshi sitting there, she 
screamed in disgust.


I hope it is ok. It has been awhile since I last wrote. I have been 
busy. Also, this is a slightly different, since I was never able to see 
the final episode of Tenchi Universe. Sorry. Anyway, in this story, 
Ryoko will have never came back, but don't worry, Ryoko fans, Ryoko will 
come into the story. In the next chapter.
 
Merei-chan 
 
      
 
