I don't own any of these characters, except Samiko Tenoko. All the 
others belong to Pioneer and AIC. So please don't sue me. The reason 
being I'm broke. Not to mention Washu has my wallet. What ? I can have 
it back ? Thank you- HEY ! That is mine, Ryoko. Don't you dare ! You 
better no- NOOOO !!!! I'll get you, Ryoko !? Anyway on with the show ! 


                            TENCHI UNIVERSE 2
                       PART 5: Hello, Galaxy Police !
                                  By Dan Stewart


   Morning sunlight glittered on the lake in front of the Masaki 
household. The sun was just coming up and there was a peaceful, calm 
silence. Suddenly the silence was broken by the sounds of someone in the 
house getting up.

   Samiko yawned and got out of cot. Then she stretched and looked 
around the room. Samiko saw Ayeka snoring softly. Wait till I tell that 
to Ryoko when we find her, she thought. I think it will be  funny 
watching them fight. Because it's funny to see Mihoshi and Kiyone fight! 
Samiko laughed softly. Her rolls of silent laughter made Sasami wake. 

 " Samiko ? Did I sleep that late ?! I have to fix breakfast for 
everyone ?! How late did I sleep in ? " Sasami worried. Samiko had to 
quiet her quickly before she woke everyone up.

" I'm sorry for waking you, Sasami. You didn't sleep late. I just like 
to wake up early. It's okay. " Samiko smiled  cheerfully. " I'll make 
breakfast, okay Sasami ? " She had a suprise for breakfast. She smiled 
at Sasami.

The little girl smiled back. " Okay. What are you making ? " 

" Sshhh. It is going to be  a suprise. I learned it on a trip to 
America. Ever had pancakes ? " Samiko whispered in Sasami's ear. " But 
remember. It is a secret. 'kay ? " 

 " Okay Samiko. " The princess started to walk to the hallway, but 
Samiko pulled her back. 

" Sasami ? You go back to bed. I woke you up by accident. I'll get 
breakfast all ready. But.. Do you have some syrup ? " The older girl 
ushered Sasami to her cot. When Sasami got in, Samiko tucked her in.  
Good night Sasami, I think ! Samiko thought to herself.


?	*                    *

 Everyone had awakened, soon after Samiko started fixing breakfast. 
Samiko made many fluffy pancakes. Every had seconds and Mihoshi even had 
sixth helpings, though this came to no suprise to anyone.  After  
everyone was full, they complimented Samiko on her good cooking, and 
Sasami asked for the recipe.

Samiko smiled and replied, " Just don't ask me to cook anything else ! " 
Everyone started laughing at this statement. " Also, I have a suprise 
for Sasami. " She turned to Sasami. " Sasami ? I heard you wanted to see 
the Galaxy Police headquarters. Also, I have to admit something else. I 
was the person that  gave away your position to Jurai's military. " 
Samiko looked downcast. " I'm sorry. I didn't know that Yosho on Jurai 
was a phony. " 

" It's okay, Samiko. You didn't know. " consoled Tenchi. He patted her 
shoulder. 

Samiko looked up with tears in her eyes. " Thank you, Tenchi ! " She 
hugged Tenchi tightly. Then Samiko looked at Sasami and smiled. " Let's 
be off to the Galaxy Police then ! " She looked at Kiyone. " and I know 
you want that promotion, so you and Mihoshi can come along ! " 

?	*                       *

It was around when they made it to the Galaxy Police. When the group of 
girls got inside, the Commander was waiting for his granddaughter and 
her friends.  As soon as they appeared, he walked to them and  welcomed 
them.

Sarnnd came to them and swept Samiko in his arms and opened his muzzle 
to kiss her when she stopped him, looked at a laughing Kiyone and 
Mihoshi and said " Hello, Grandfather, ! This is AHEM.. First Class 
Detective Kiyone and Mihoshi. And this is Princess Sasami from the 
planet Jurai. "

 Sarnnd opened his eyes wide at Sasami and said " Well, I saw pictures 
of her, but she is much more kawaii in person ! " He smiled.

 " Hi, Mr..um..Mr.. " She paused as the Commander interrupted and said     
" I'm the Commander of the Galaxy Police, Sarnnd Tenoko, but you can 
call me Sarnnd if you want. How do you do, Princess Sasami ? " He 
stopped and smiled as much as you could with a muzzle.

" I'm fine, but you can call me Sasami if you want. " She smiled back.

Sarnnd turned to Samiko. " You can take Miss Sasami to sleep with you in 
your room if you want. "

" I think Sasami should decide for herself.." Samiko started but was 
interrupted as Sasami said quickly, " It's okay, Mr. Sarnnd. I'll sleep 
in Samiko's room, please. " She leaned on Samiko and stifled a yawn.

Sarnnd looked at her and said, " I think you should take Miss Sasami to 
your room to sleep, not to mention, you look like you could use a good 
night's sleep, too. Good night ! " He waved them goodbye as they walked 
to her room.

After they went around the corner, Sarnnd turned to Kiyone and Mihoshi.
" I need to talk to you about some things." He stared.

?	*                   *

" Sasami, you all ready for me to turn off the light ? " Samiko asked as 
they snuggled under the covers in a good sized bed. Yes, came the 
answer.
" You get a good night's sleep. I'm going to introduce you to someone, 
tomorrow. Good night ! " said a yawning Samiko. 

" Good night, Samiko. " replied Sasami sleepily. In a few moments they 
were both fast asleep.

?	*                *

Meanwhile, in a lab in the Science Acadamy, the greatest mad scientist 
in the universe, Washu, was working on a new invention. Suddenly the psi 
link with  her daughter, Ryoko came alive for the first time in a year.  
RYOKO ! Answer me ! " she thought through the psi link. All she got was 
a feeling that someone was behind her. Washu turned quickly. " Hello ?! 
Ryoko is that you ?! ANWER ME ?! " She yelled frantically. It felt like 
Ryoko was right behind her.  Washu leaned against one of her machines 
and cried for Ryoko, knowing that  Ryoko wasn't behind her and she never 
would ever be again. Washu knew Ryoko, her one and only daughter was 
dead...


 

Hi ! How did you like it ? Please e-mail me.
Dan     

 


  
 



 
