TROUBLE LIES AHEAD
BY: LITTLE AYEKA 40
little_washu40@hotmail.com
COPYRIGHT: 11/21/01

        It was a beautiful spring day at the Masaki residence. Ayeka and
Sasami
were doing laundry and Washu was in her lab doing some experiments. Mihoshi
and Kiyone returned to the Galaxy Police for an emergency case. As usual
Ryoko and Tenchi decided to sleep in.
        About one hour later Tenchi woke up and went downstairs to see what
everyone else was doing. By this time it was 11:30 am and it was almost
lunch time. Tenchi walked into the kitchen and Sasami was there cooking
lunch.

Tenchi: Good morning Sasami.
Sasami: Oh good morning Tenchi. Lunch will be ready soon. Maybe you should
go and wake up Ryoko.
Tenchi: I thought she would be up by now.
Sasami: No she always sleeps in this late.
Tenchi: Well, alright. I'll be right back.

        Tenchi walked upstairs to Ryoko's room and knocked on the door.

Tenchi: Ryoko, are you awake?

Tenchi didn't hear anything.

Tenchi: Alright, I'm comming in.

        Tenchi walked in and saw Ryoko sleeping soundly.

Tenchi: Ryoko,Ryoko come on its time to get up

        Tenchi tapped her on the shoulder a few times and she eventually
woke up.

Ryoko: Wow, what a beautiful thing to see first thing in the morning.
Tenchi: Ryoko, its not the morning, its the afternoon.
Ryoko: Well I don't think I will be joining you for lunch today.
Tenchi: Why whats wrong? Are you sick? Whats the matter?
Ryoko: I can't believe you didn't hear me last night. I was practically
throwing up my insides.
Tenchi: Are you alright now?
Ryoko: I still feel very sick, but I'll be fine.
Tenchi: Are you sure, because I can take you to the hospital if your still
very sick.
Ryoko: No, its probably just the flu. I should be fine if I rest.
Tenchi: Would you like me to get you something to eat?
Ryoko: No I'm not hungry.
Tenchi: Are you sure,because you have to eat even if you throw it all up
again. Even a cup of green tea will
              be good for you.
Ryoko: Well, maybe some tea will settle my stomach.
Tenchi: Alright then, I'll go get you some.

        Tenchi ran downstairs to the kitchen to make green tea for Ryoko.

Ryoko(thinking) He's actually caring for me. I always thought he thought of
me being a monster.

        About 5 minutes later, Tenchi came back up with Ryoko's tea. And
handed it
to Ryoko.

Tenchi: Be careful its hot.
Ryoko: Thank you. So tell me Tenchi, why are you being so nice to me?
Tenchi: Well your sick and it would be rude not to take care of you.
Ryoko: Is that the only reason? Come on tell me Tenchi! It would make me
feel alot better.
Tenchi: Well Ryoko, I don't know what to say.
Ryoko: Come on, its time to choose. Me or Ayeka.
Tenchi: I still have to decide. As soon as I figure it out I will tell you.
Ryoko: Alright.
Tenchi: After you finish that, you should get some rest.

        About 10 minutes later Ryoko finished her tea

Tenchi: Alright Ryoko, you should try to get some sleep.

        Tenchi covered her up and started out the door.

Ryoko: Tenchi.
Tenchi: Yes
Ryoko: Can you stay with me until I fall asleep?
Tenchi: Sure

        Tenchi walked back over to her bedside and sat on the side of her
bed and
leaned back and put his
arm around her. Ryoko just blushed at him. Ryoko put her head on his
shoulder and drifted off to sleep.

1 week later

        Ryoko is still sick in bed and she is not getting any better. Tenchi
and
the other girls are getting worried about her. Tenchi, Washu, Ayeka and
Sasami were sitting in the living room drinking tea and eating cookies.

Tenchi: I'm really getting worried about Ryoko.
Ayeka: Why would you be worried about that monster?
Tenchi: Ayeka, why would you say such a thing?
Ayeka: Because she is probably making all of this up just for attention. She
is probably using her powers to
              make it look like she is sick.

Washu: Thats not correct Ayeka. Ryoko's powers don't act that way. They are
there to help her, not hurt
               her.
Tenchi: Washu, do you think you can do something for her? I hate to see her
like this.
Washu: I'm afraid I can't do anything for her right now. But what you can do
is take some pain pills up to
              her. She was complaining of stomach cramps when I was up to
see her.

Tenchi: Sure.

        Tenchi went and got some pain pills for Ryoko and took them up to
her.

KNOCK KNOCK

Tenchi: Ryoko can I come in?
Ryoko: (very weak voice) Yes.

        Tenchi walked in and went over to Ryoko's bedside and gave her the
pain
pills.

Tenchi: Do you feel any better?
Ryoko: Not really
Tenchi: You look really pale. Do you have a fever?
Ryoko: I'm not sure.

        Tenchi put his hand on her forehead and then her cheeks.

Tenchi: Your a little warm but not bad.
Ryoko: Tenchi, I think I better go to the hospital.
Tenchi: Why do you feel worse than yesterday?
Ryoko: Yes. It feels like my stomachs going to burst.

        She said putting her hands on her stomach.

Tenchi: Hold on Ryoko, I'll get Washu.

        Tenchi ran out the door and called Washu.

Tenchi: Washu! Come up quick Ryoko's in alot of pain.
Washu: Dammit

        Washu ran upstairs to her daughters bedroom.

Washu: Ryoko whats wrong?
Ryoko: Its my side!
Washu: Which side?
Ryoko: My right.
Washu: Tenchi, we must get her to the hospital now! Carry her down to my
lab.

        Tenchi picked Ryoko up and carried her down to Washu's lab.

Washu: From here we'll take the Interdimensional tunnel. I set it up to take
us directly to the hospital.

        Tenchi carried Ryoko through the tunnel and Washu followed.

AT THE HOSPITAL:

        Tenchi sat Ryoko on one of the chairs while he got her submitted
into the
hospital. A doctor came running out and helped Ryoko get up and took her
back to his examining room.

Doctor: Sir, you'll have to wait in the waiting room.
Tenchi: But...

        The doctor turned away and Ryoko went with him. Ryoko turned around
and
said,

Ryoko: Don't worry Tenchi, I'll be fine. I'll be out of here in a little
bit.
Tenchi: Take care Ryoko and good luck.

        Pretty soon Ryoko and the doctor were out of sight. Tenchi just
stood there
looking. Washu came up behind him and put her arm around his waist.

Washu: She'll be fine Tenchi. She is a very strong girl. Come on lets sit
down and call the others.

        About 10 minutes later Ayeka and Sasami got there. Washu also called
Mihoshi and Kiyone. Tenchi sat there with his head hung low, waiting for
some updates on Ryoko.
        About 15 minutes later, Mihoshi and Kiyone got arrived and the
doctor came
walking out. Tenchi got up and walked over to him.

Tenchi: Tell me, whats wrong with Ryoko?
Doctor:  She must have emergency surgery.
Tenchi: Why whats wrong?
Doctor: Her appendix is aobut to burst. We have to do surgery on her as soon
as possible.
Tenchi: Can we see her before you operate on her?
Doctor: Sure. But try not to stay in too long. The sooner we operate, the
better the chances.
Tenchi: Sure.

        Everyone followed the doctor into the examining room. Ryoko was
laying
there in a bed waiting for the doctor to do something. The door opened and
Ryoko looked over and was very suprised to see Tenchi and the others.

Ryoko: Tenchi, Ayeka, all of you made it.
Ayeka: Well we all wanted to see you before you went in.
Ryoko: You guys are real friends. And thats something I never had before.

        Tenchi's eyes started to fill up with tears. He was thinking about
all of
the opposite things that could happen during the surgery.

Ryoko: Tenchi are you alright?
Tenchi: Yeah, I'm fine.
Ryoko: Why does it look like your about to cry? I'm the one who should be
crying.
Tenchi: I'm just very worried and I don't want anything bad to happen to
you.
Mihoshi: Yeah, Ryoko. We wouldn't want anything bad to happen either.
Kiyone: Thats right Ryoko. We may not act like friends sometimes but we are.
Ryoko: Thanks, all of you.
Sasami: Ryoko, I'll pray that everything goes alright.
Ryoko: Don't worry Sasami, everything will be alright. As soon as I have my
appendix out I will be able to
             fight with Ayeka again.

Ayeka: You know, you really do have a high sprit. But having a high sprit
will not win you Lord Tenchi.
Ryoko: Now's not a good time to argue about this. I need to get this
operation now. It hurts too bad.

        Ryoko pressed the nurse's button and the doctor came running in.

Doctor: Alright, we better get her in there before things get complicated.

        Ryoko was screaming in pain. They didn't have much time. The doctor
put an
IV in Ryoko's hand.

Tenchi: What did you give her?
Doctor: It is pain medicine. It will help keep her calm until we can get her
into the operating room. Someone
               is in there right now. You'll have a little more time to talk
if you wish.

Tenchi: Thank you, doctor.

        The doctor went out into the lobby to look at Ryoko's medical files
until
the other person was done their surgery.

Ayeka: Tenchi, I think we'll leave you two alone for awhile.

        Everyone went outside to wait in the waiting room.

Tenchi: Well Ryoko, your really did yourself this time.

        Ryoko just nodded her head. She was starting to get sleepy from the
pain
medicine. Tenchi just couldn't stand to see Ryoko in this condition. He
decided to hold her hand until she fell asleep.

Tenchi: Ryoko, I have decided who I love.

        Ryoko slowly opened her tired eyes.

Ryoko: Who? (sleepy voice)
Tenchi: Well I have been deciding for a long time. And I finally chose one
of you.
Ryoko: (sleepy voice) Who Tenchi?
Tenchi: You, Ryoko. I loved you since the day I saw you on the roof of my
school.
Ryoko: Oh, my.

        Ryoko didn't know what to say.

Tenchi: I really love you Ryoko, and I hope everything goes alright for you.

        Tenchi started to cry a little bit. Ryoko put her hand on his cheek.

Ryoko: I'll be alright. The sooner I get in the sooner we can go home.

        Tenchi leaned down and kissed Ryoko on the lips. Then they broke the
kiss.

Ryoko: Wow, where did that come from?
Tenchi: It came from my heart.
Ryoko: Tenchi, I love you so much I can't express it enough.

        The doctor came walking in,

Doctor: Alright Ryoko, lets get you in there.
Ryoko: Alright Tenchi, I'll see you when I'm finished
Tenchi: Alright good luck and take care.
Ryoko: I love you.

        The doctor took Ryoko into the operating room. Tenchi walked out
into the
waiting room and sat down with the others.

Washu: What happended? You were in there for a while.
Tenchi: Well they took her back so they could start.
Washu: And what else did you say to her?
Tenchi: What do you mean?
Washu: You expressed your love to her, didn't you?
Tenchi: How do you know?!
Washu: Did you forget that me and Ryoko are connected telepathecly.
Tenchi: Yeah, I guess I did forget. But did you tell Ayeka about this?
Washu: Yes, she knows.
Tenchi: Is she upset?
Washu: I'm not sure
Tenchi: Where is she?
Washu: She is outside

        Tenchi walked outside and went up to Ayeka.

Tenchi: So, you heard?
Ayeka: Yes
Tenchi: I just want to let you know, I still like you and everything but...
Ayeka: No, don't worry about me Tenchi. It is you choice. I told Ryoko that
if you ever fell in love with her
             or any of the other girls around here, that I would just go
home and not worry about it.

Tenchi: I'm sorry Ayeka.
Ayeka: I'm not upset Tenchi, that is totally up to you. You did make a wise
decision though.
Tenchi: Why do you say that?
Ayeka: Well she did change alot since we first met her.And if you chose me,
you would probably be very
             bored with royalty on Jurai.

Tenchi: Maybe your right. But anyhow I'm sorry
Ayeka: Thats alright Tenchi. I was expecting it someday.
Tenchi: Well I'm glad your not mad.
Ayeka: No, I'd never get mad at you.
Tenchi: Come on lets go inside and wait for Ryoko.

        2 hours passed and Ryoko was still getting operated on.

Tenchi: What is taking so long? I hope she's alright.
Washu: I don't know whats taking them. But I'm sure she's alright. The
doctors wouldn't let anything happen
              to her.

Kiyone: Don't worry about Ryoko, I'm sure she can make it through this one.
Mihoshi: Yeah, Kiyone's right. You'll make yourself sick if you worry about
it.
Tenchi: I guess your right.

        15 more minutes passed and then the doctor came walking out. Tenchi
got up
and walked over to him.

Tenchi: How did it go?
Doctor: The operation was sucessful and she is resting in her room.
Tenchi: Can you tell me what room she's in?
Doctor: She's in room #112
Tenchi: Can we go up and see her?
Doctor: I think you should let wait about another hour, so she has a chance
to wake up and get settled in her
             room.

Tenchi: Alright
Doctor: Why don't you go and get something to eat at the caffeteria.
Tenchi: Thank you. We will.

        Tenchi shook hands with the doctor and then they all went to get
something
to eat.
        1 hour passed and Tenchi and the girls decided to go up and see
Ryoko. When
they got to her room they knocked and went inside. When they walked in Ryoko
was partially awake.

Tenchi: Hey! How are you feeling?
Ryoko: Alot better, but I'm in alot of pain.
Tenchi: Well you'll be in pain for a week or two.
Ryoko: Thank you for being there for me when I needed you the most.
Tenchi: Well I wasn't just me that was there for you. Everybody was.
Ryoko: Yes, I know. But you were the one who filled my mind with confidence
before I went into surgery.
             If you didn't tell me some of that stuff I probably wouldn't
have made it.

Tenchi: Well you did and all of us are greatful for that.
Ayeka: Its true Ryoko. We are all like one big family.
Ryoko: Well then maybe we should try to get along better.
Ayeka: Thats a good idea. But now that you are Tenchi's chosen one, I will
be returning to the Planet Jurai.
Sasami: No, Ayeka we can't.
Ayeka: Yes Sasami we must. We have been on this vacation for 2 years and we
must return home to fulfill
              our duties.

Tenchi: Oh Ayeka. I'm sorry.
Ayeka: We have been gone for a while and we must get back.
Tenchi: Are you sure?
Ayeka: Yes Tenchi, we have stayed here so long that we have forgotten our
duties on Jurai. But we will
              come back to visit.

Tenchi: Well I guess this is goodbye.

        Ayeka hugged Tenchi and then she walked out in the hallway.

Sasami: Goodbye Tenchi. We will come back to visit you.

        Tenchi hugged Sasami and she followed Ayeka out in the hallway.

Ayeka: Come Sasami, Tenchi we'll call you when we get home.
Tenchi: Alright, you two. We'll be waiting for your call.

        Ayeka and Sasami walked out and took off for the Planet Jurai. About
20
minutes later everyone else left except Tenchi. Ryoko fell asleep after the
other left and Tenchi decided to stay with her.
        1 hour passed and it is now 8:00pm and it has been about 12 hours
since
Ryoko had the operation.
Tenchi went home to get a shower and then her came back. When he walked in,
Ryoko was drinking some water.

Tenchi: How are you feeling now?
Ryoko: Much better. But I'm in more pain now than I was before.
Tenchi: Well, actually it hurts more to gain an organ than it does to loose
one.
Ryoko: Well then I'm glad I didn't gain one.
Tenchi: Did you eat anything since I left you before.
Ryoko: No they don't want me to eat for about 48 hours.
Tenchi: Really
Ryoko: Yep. But they are actually feeding me through an IV
Tenchi: Oh, hows it taste?
Ryoko: I can't taste it and that's what sucks

        Tenchi just laughed at her.

Ryoko: I just want to come home.
Tenchi: I know. It will be a couple of days until they release you.
Ryoko: I hope it wont be too many days, because I really miss Sasami's
cooking.
Tenchi: Well Ayeka and Sasami went back to the Planet Jurai and now she wont
be able to cook for us.
Ryoko: Oh, what a bummer. Looks like Mihoshi and Kiyone will have to cook
then.
Tenchi: Well, I just heard this afternoon that they are going back to HQ
because they were assigned to a
               new region of the solar system. And Washu is going with them.

Ryoko: That means, its only me and you.
Tenchi: Yeah, for a while until they come back.
Ryoko: Well, it will be nice to finally be alone with you at home.
Tenchi: Yeah

        Tenchi noticed that Ryoko still had her hand on her stomach and it
looked
like it was still bothering her.

Tenchi: Why don't you call the nurse for some medicine.
Ryoko: Yeah, maybe thats a good idea.

        Ryoko called the nurse and she came in and gave Ryoko a shot in the
arm.

Tenchi: Whats the shot for?
Nurse: It's much easier to give a shot than take pills. Plus its quicker
Tenchi: Oh

        The nurse left after she gave Ryoko her medicine.

Tenchi: Well maybe you should get some sleep. Its been a long day for you.
Ryoko: Yeah, I'm starting to get tired from the medicine.
Tenchi: We'll I'll come over tomorrow and see how you are doing.
Ryoko: Alright. I love you.
Tenchi: I love you too Ryoko.

        Tenchi leaned in and kissed Ryoko on the forehead. Ryoko just
blushed at
him.

Tenchi: See you tomorrow. I'll probably come in the morning.
Ryoko: Alright, see you later.

        Tenchi walked out the door and went home. In the morning Tenchi just
woke
up and went downstairs.

Tenchi: You know, it is kind of boring without everyone here.

        Tenchi walked over to the cabinet and pulled out some cereal.

Tenchi: I'm going to miss Sasami's cooking

        Tenchi ate and got dressed and then he left to go to the hospital.
By the
time he got there it was 9:30am. He went in and walked up to Ryoko's room.
When he got to her room, he went in and sat down. Ryoko was still asleep.
Tenchi decided to go down to the gift shop and buy her some flowers. He
picked out the ones he liked and went back up to her room. He walked in and
set the flowers on her table.
        About 15 minutes later Ryoko woke up.

Tenchi: Hey, how did you night go?
Ryoko: Alright. I feel 100% better.
Tenchi: Thats good. I was worried about you.
Ryoko: The doctor said I might be able to come home today.
Tenchi: Thats great. Were you out of bed at all last night?
Ryoko: Yeah. They made me get up and walk around. But it was really painful.
Tenchi: Does it hurt as bad as yesterday?
Ryoko: No. It feels alot better today. I'm glad its overwith
Tenchi: Me too.

        The doctor came walking in.

Doctor: Alright Ryoko. I need you to sit up.

        Ryoko did as the doctor said.

Doctor: Ok, now take a deep breath

        Ryoko did as he said.

Doctor: Alright, everything seems to be good. I'll be your ready to go home.
Ryoko: Yeah
Doctor: Well we'll see if we can get you out of here today.
Ryoko: That sounds great.
Doctor: Do you want some breakfast?
Ryoko: Yeah I'm starving.
Doctor: Well you should be able to eat today. Just don't eat to fast or
you'll upset your stomach. Then you'll
              have to start all over again.

Ryoko: Well I think I had enough of throwing up for a while.
Doctor: Yes your very lucky you survived that operation. Not many people
survive something that bad.
Tenchi: Well how bad was her appendix?
Doctor: It was pretty bad. If you and her mother got her here any later she
probably wouldn't have made it.
Tenchi: Well, I'm glad that everything went alright.
Doctor: Me too. Ryoko is a special person here at the hospital.
Tenchi: What do you mean by that?
Doctor: Well her mother Dr. Washu made Ryoko by using one of her egg cells
and uniting it with Mass. It
              was still experimental. Washu then put the combination in a
growing chamber until it grew into a
              little girl. The little girl was Ryoko.

Tenchi: Wow, thats something else.
Doctor: Yes it was. We were all very proud that the Mass combined with human
egg cells. But we were also
              proud for Washu, because she was a new mother.

Tenchi: Wow, Ryoko I never knew about this.
Ryoko: Well I didn't want to tell you because I thought it might make me
look bad because I didn't have a
             natural birth.

Tenchi: I don't care if you had a natural birth or not, just as long as your
here now.
Ryoko: Thanks Tenchi

        The nurse brought Ryoko's breakfast in.

Doctor: Oh and before I go. I wanted to tell you Ryoko.
Ryoko: Yes?
Doctor: When you go home. I want you to take it easy. You should stay off
your legs, because you'll just be
              putting pressure on your stomach. If you take it easy for a
week or two, you'll heal faster. You
              should only get up to go to the bathroom or to strech out your
legs so they don't get weak.

Ryoko: What about getting a bath in the hotsprings back home?
Doctor: It will be good but don't stay in too long. It might be best if you
just take a shower. But thats up to
              you. Now you should eat your breakfast before it gets cold.
And I'll check and see if you can go
              home.

Ryoko: Alright Thanks

        Ryoko ate her breakfast and then the doctor came back in.

Doctor: Good news Ryoko. You can go home today if you want.
Ryoko: Yes I do.
Doctor: Before you go there is a couple things you should know.
Ryoko/Tenchi: Alright
Doctor: Before you go I'm going to change your bandages. You should change
them every 5 hours.
              Also don't do any hard work or pick up anything heavy. Also in
about 2 weeks I would like you to
              come back so I can remove the stitches.

Ryoko: Alright

        The doctor unwrapped Ryoko's bandages and told Tenchi to come over
and see
what he's done.

Doctor: It was a small cut but I want her to come back so I check it.
Tenchi: No problem.

        The doctor re-wrapped Ryoko's cut with new bandages.

Doctor: Alright your all done. If you want you can get dressed awhile
because I have to get your medical
              papers.

Ryoko: Alright
Doctor: Oh and Tenchi. If you can, please help her get dressed.
Tenchi: Uh, oh alright.

        Tenchi smiled at the doctor and his nose started to bleed.

Doctor: I knew you wouldn't mind.

        The doctor left the room to get Ryoko's papers

Tenchi: Alright Ryoko, now dont take this the wrong way but, do you really
need help getting dressed?
Ryoko: Yes, I do. I cant move around too much. My stomach hurts if I do.
Tenchi: Alright then, where are your clothes at?
Ryoko: They are in the closet.

        Ryoko tried to sit up while Tenchi got her clothes.

Tenchi: Alright you have a black and green dress in here and you also have
the one you wore here on the
              day we brought you over.

Ryoko: Which one was that?
Tenchi: Your blue and yellow stripped one.
Ryoko: Alright, just get me that one.

        Ryoko crawled out of bed and said,

Ryoko: I think I'll be alright to dress myself.
Tenchi: Alright, I'll be out in the hallway. Just tell me when your
finished.
Ryoko: Alright.

        Tenchi went outside and waited in the hallway for her. Several
minutes
later she told him to come back in.

Tenchi: Do you have all your stuff?
Ryoko: Yes its all on the chair, but you'll have to carry it for me.

        Moments later the doctor cameback and gave Ryoko her medical papers
and
made her sign-out.

Doctor: Alright thats all you need. Try to stay out of here more often

        Ryoko gave the doctor a hug.

Ryoko: Thank you for saving my life.
Doctor: No problem. Thats what I do. You should go home and take it easy.
Remember to come back in 2
              weeks.

Ryoko: Yes

        The doctor walked out.

Tenchi: Are you ready?
Ryoko: Yeah

        The two of them went through the dimesional tunnel and got home
safe.

                                                               The End.
                                             Comming soon will be chap 2.