The Tale of Two Cabbits
E-mail: child_of_Light4ever@yahoo.com
By: Vasava

Disclaimer: I do not own any characters. I own my computer, my file, and my
plot. Don't take
it. No one will sue, you don't know me, and I'm broke. Oh, BTW, if I get
something wrong,
SORRY! I'm not perfect. I can't remember everything word for word. I had to
make some up,
but the jist I got from the show.  I'll try not to carry it on for thirteen
thousand chapters, like
some people, but I'll limit it to five. That way you won't have to read too
much.


Part 1
"A Meeting"

"It's been a meeting, all told,
Just a meeting, true and bold.
Just a meeting, but yet I knew,
Somehow I was destined to you."

 I was out in the field with Tenchi, a normal day. He was digging up
carrots, yummy!
Just for me!
 when I sensed something weird. Curious and alert, I started to run back to
the house.
When I arrived, I saw a light-colored boy with a gold diamond on his
forehead. Cautious
of the stranger, I started to snarl and hiss. He was not in a good mood,
obviously, because he
started to push back at me.
 "Ryo-oh-ki!" Sasami pulled me back. "Play nice!" I meowed at her. Someone
put carrots  on the floor, and I jumped in. Just to make Sasami happy, I
pushed a carrot at him.
He looked at it, nibbled a little, then took a huge bite.
  "So," I asked him between bites, "What's your name?"
He took a huge bite of carrot then answered, "Kin-oh-ki. This is sure good!
What is
this stuff?" I ran to another one and took a huge bite. "Here, they call
them carrots. They are
the best!"  "Really!"
 The last carrot faced us. I pushed it toward him, but he shook his head and

pushed it at me. I took a bite, then he joined me. When it was gone, which
wasn't long,
between the two of us, I sat back and was about to ask him where he was from
when
Ryoko came in.
 She was yawning, then, looking down at me, spotted Kin-oh-ki. "Kin-oh-ki!"
she
said, shocked. "She can't be here!" Kin-oh-ki, on seeing Ryoko, started to
hiss. I asked
Ryoko if Nagi was here, and I got an answer absent-mindedly. Kin-oh-ki
started to run
outside, and I, Ryoko, and everyone followed him. He jumped behind Nagi and
started to
hiss.
 "So, it's you!" Ryoko spat out. 'Why did she have to come here?' she
thought
angerly. "I've found you, Ryoko. I'm here to challenge you." I meowed and
jumped behind
Ryoko once more. I remembered Nagi. I didn't remember Kin-oh-ki, but Nagi I
did.
"What do you want?" Ryoko faced her.
 "I want to settle this. I'm taking you in, Ryoko. I will track you down."
 "Your choice. Ryo-oh-ki, go!"
 I jumped in the air, transforming into my spaceship mode. High in the air,
I stood.
Ryoko grabbed Tenchi, but I teleported everyone up anyway.  "Kin-oh-ki,
transform!"
Kin-oh-ki transformed to spaceship mode, also. A lighter color than me, but
still a spaceship.
 "Meeeow!" I soared into space, Ryoko giving me commands in my mind.
When we were well above the earth, I stopped. Kin-oh-ki was just behind me,
and seeing me
stop, stopped too. "I'll settle this, here and now!" Nagi yelled. "Fine!"
Ryoko gave me a
command to fire. "No!" I thought to her. She stopped shory. 'Ryo-oh-ki!' she
thought.
'Fire, now!'
 'No!' I answered back. 'Kin-oh-ki's my friend. I won't fire on friends.'
'Stubborn cabbit,' she thought, but wasn't really that mad. I listened, and
Kin-oh-ki did the
same thing as me.
 I heard Washu through her link with Ryoko.  "I can solve this!" she
declared.
Everyone turned to look at her. "Call up Nagi. I can create a solution to
your problem!"

 It turned out Washu's "soultion" was creating a western-style place in her
lab
where. I stood on the top of some imagianary buildings to watch the fight.
Nagi faced Ryoko.
I don't remember much of the fight. Kin-oh-ki hopped up beside me, and I
leaned aganist
him happily.
 I do remember that I probably fell asleep, and later, Ryoko called me in my
mind,
a wake-up call. I jumped. "Ryo-oh-ki!" she scolded. "Have you been asleep
the whole time?"
I meowed, and Nagi called Kin-oh-ki. He looked back at me, then with a sad
meow, ran
to Nagi.
 I started to cry, but Ryoko picked me up and wiped my tears away. "Don't
worry,
Ryo-oh-ki. There are lots more boys out there." I sniffed. Mihoshi looked up
in puzzlement.
"Ryo-oh-ki's a girl?" she asked. I started laughing a little at this one.
Ryoko laughed too.
"What did you think she was, a BOY?" I hopped out of her arms and onto
Sasami's head.
 "Time to go!" Washu hit a button, and the whole scene disappered.
They all started walking back, and I looked out wistfully to see any traces
of Kin-oh-ki.
Would I ever see him again?
