                     Tears: Foreword and Credits

   This is my first fan fic. The basic idea came from "Paradise Lost" by Thomas 
Doscher, but I wondered what if Ryoko was the victim instead. I played around w/ 
storyline, trying to come up with a workable plot and immediately ran into a big 
problem, namely was Ryoko a virgin or not. It may seem like a simple question, 
but the whole character dynamics revolves around it. I've seen it argued 
effectively for both sides on the archive and I really couldn't decide which way 
to go. I almost wrote two stories, one w/ each side, but I realized that it 
would take too much time to effectively tell both sides. I finally decided to 
let her be a virgin, though I may yet do the story with her as a previous 
victim.

   Once that was decided, I moved onto the what and how of the story. Again, 
more juggling and brainstorming, seeing what worked and what didn't . After a 
lot of hard work, I finally had enough of the story set in my head to start 
writing. I asked Gensao for some clarification of the posting guidelines, and he 
kindly cleared things up. 

   This story is set in the Tenchi OVA/MnE universe w/ Minagi, from the manga 
thrown in. For the court procedures, I used as a reference the book,"Helter 
Skelter", by Vincent Bugliosi. The book explains things in an easy to understand 
format. The time is just before the Startica after Mayuka's rebirth, when she is 
approx. 9 months. My thanks to AniMAY-chan for providing me the clues to 
Mayuka's age and for pre-reading my fanfic. Other authors that I got inspiration 
from are : Ryan Anderson, Joel Patoine, Greg Matteson, and many other authors of 
the Techi Muyo Fan Fiction Archive. 


  Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo and Manatsu no Eve is owned by Pioneer/AIC. No Need 
for Tenchi was created by Hitoshi Okuda and is published by Viz Communications. 
This is a work of fiction done to show my appreciation of this wonderful bunch 
of characters. I am not profiting by this story, nor do I want others to profit 
by it.    
