Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-ohki: Earth & Sky: Sister's Tears
	by Achariyth

Tenchi Muyo! is the property of A.I.C. and Pioneer and not my 
own.  If I ever claimed otherwise, A.I.C. would send Ryoko to my 
house to use me for target practice.

Earth & Sky is an original series inspired by the OAV series.  
However, some elements of Shin Tenchi and Tenchi TV will probably 
will be present.  So far, three stories are in the works.  The 
first, tentatively titled _Heavens_, should be finished by 
mid-October.

	"Ryoko, let go of Tenchi this instant," Ayeka commanded 
even as she attached herself to Tenchi's arm.
	"Hey, Ayeka, three's a crowd.  Get lost!" Ryoko growled 
back, trying to pull Tenchi away from Ayeka's grasp.
	"And leave him alone with you?  No way, Miss Ryoko!"  
Ayeka, too, tried to pull Tenchi out of her rival's grasp.
	"Ahh!  Let go of me!"  Tenchi yelled, trying to keep his 
shoulders from separating.
	It was only a few days after the Royal Family of Jurai 
had visited the Masaki residence, and things had pretty much re-
turned to normal.  Ayeka and Ryoko still fought over Tenchi, 
Mihoshi was still stumbling into the most peculiar situations and 
disturbing Washu's research progress, Tenchi was trying to sur-
vive everyday life with his limbs intact, and Ryo-ohki was learn-
ing to talk, when she was not munching carrots.  Yes, Emperor 
Azusa was on his throneship on his way back to Jurai, and all was 
well at the Masaki residence.
	"Stop it, Miss Ayeka.  Please stop, Ryoko," Mihoshi 
pleaded.
	Washu suddenly appeared.  "Tenchi, you should really 
chose a more mature woman than these two," she said.
	"Stay out of this, Mom!" Ryoko hissed angrily.
	"Yeah, leave Tenchi alone, Miss Washu!"
	"Ahh!  Why me?!" Tenchi pondered aloud, not quit masking 
the pain Ryoko and Ayeka were inflicting in their not-so-friendly 
game of tug-o-war.
	"Tenchi would be better off with me!"  Ryoko shouted at 
Ayeka.
	Sasami looked out the kitchen window towards the commotion
and sighed.  One of these days, the fighting would have to stop. 
She knew that both Ayeka and Ryoko were infatuated with Tenchi, 
but Sasami wished that they'd get along when Tenchi was within 
sight.  Move Tenchi out of sight, and the girls could sometimes 
put their differences aside.  But when Tenchi was in the same 
room as the girls, it became a free-for-all.  She heard giggling.
Sasami turned to see if anyone was around.  Seeing no  one, she 
shrugged and turned back to her cooking.
	Tsunami giggled in her tree form on Jurai.  She could not 
help it.  She just found Tenchi's situation hilarious.  It often 
was difficult for her to believe that she would be joining the 
household soon, albeit as Sasami.  Still, the daily hijinks of 
the Masaki residence seen through Sasami's eyes were alot more 
interesting than remembering to replenish the energy of the Royal
 Garden or obeying the Emperor's commands.  Lately Tsunami had 
not felt so mirthful.  After the Kagato incident, Tsunami had 
felt a presence she had not felt in a long time, filling her with 
dread.  At the time, Tokimi was in a nearby dimension looking for 
Washu and soon would arrive in Tsunami's dimension.
	Many years ago, three sisters of a race of what could be 
termed higher dimensional creatures, Washu, Tokimi, and Tsunami, 
lived in relative harmony as each delved deeper into the various 
forms of knowledge that captivated their minds.  Washu had delved 
deep into various forms of technology.  Tsunami's main interest 
was botany and ecology.  Tokimi poured all of her energy into 
bending the laws of the universes.  In fact, it was Tokimi who 
first learned the secret of the Light Hawk Wings, and passed this
knowledge on to her sisters.  For many thousand years, the 
sisters grew in power and lived together in peace.  However, this 
was shattered quickly when Tokimi became obsessed with one word: 
dominion.   She began to desire power over other beings.  Washu 
had stumbled onto her sister's plans, then the two sisters 
confronted Tokimi.  The fighting began soon afterwards, lasting 
for many years.  The battle ended twenty thousand years ago, with 
Tokimi stripping Washu of her memory and higher dimensional form, 
just as Washu stripped Tokimi of a physical body and a 
considerable portion of her power that included the Light Hawk 
Wings.  Tsunami, severely injured in the fighting, used all her 
power to send Tokimi's energy form hurtling across many thousands 
of dimensions, giving Tsunami the chance to retreat with Washu's 
prone form to into a nearby dimension.  Tsunami's injuries were 
serious enough that she needed time to heal, so she released 
Washu to go her own way.  Before Tsunami left Washu, she im-
planted a directive in Washu's subconscious enhancing Washu's 
natural curiosity and aptitude with technology.  It was 
Tsunami's hope that Washu would regain her memories of herself 
and the powers she had learned before the conflict with Tokimi.
	After leaving Washu at the Royal Science Academy, Tsunami 
fled to a nearby planet and collapsed.  A thousand years later, 
she awoke, fully healed.  Knowing that Tokimi would be searching 
for Washu to regain her powers and that a second confrontation 
with Tokimi was inevitable, Tsunami began to integrate the energy
of the Light Hawk Wings into the planet's ecology.  This began 
Jurai's rise to power in the galaxy.  After six thousand years, 
Tsunami's project was completed.  During that time, Tsunami 
learned that the energy needed to be sustained by herself in 
order for her project to work.  After discovering a species of 
tree that stored energy more efficiently than any other lifeform 
on Jurai, Tsunami altered the DNA to allow them to be even more 
efficient storers of energy.  Somehow, during this process, the 
trees gained sentience.
	Many years later, Jurai was threatened by an alien 
species that decimated the Jurai space fleet.  Tsunami, in order 
to preserve her plans, gave all the trees of the Royal Garden the 
ability to turn into powerful starships that used the Light Hawk 
Wings as shields and weapons.  Defending their home system with 
the ship-tree fleet, the Jurai destroyed the attacking alien 
force, furthering Jurai's emerging dominance in galactic matters.
	Seven hundred years in the past, Ryoko attacked Jurai.  
During the attack, Princess Sasami was playing in the Royal 
Garden.  A ship-tree crashed into the Royal Tower where the 
Garden was held causing Sasami to fall, mortally injuring the 
young princess.  Tsunami assimilated with Sasami, saving her life
and becoming the young princess as well.  Tsunami enjoyed sharing 
Sasami's experiences, especially since they gave her a chance to 
forget for awhile the omnipresent preparations for Tokimi's in-
evitable return.  One thing that distressed Tsunami was Sasami's 
belief that she was a replicant of the original Sasami, who she 
believed died in the Royal Garden during the attack.  Tsunami 
wanted to tell Sasami the truth, but it would have sped up the 
final assimilation process.  Sasami would one day discover for 
herself who she really was, and when that happened, she will have
grown mentally into the final from of the Tsunami/Sasami 
composite being.  Besides, Tsunami felt uneasy about robbing 
Sasami of her childhood.
	The aftermath of Ryoko's attack distressed Tsunami.  
First, Crown Prince Yosho, Tsunami's most promising attempt to 
create a being with the ability to harness the energy of the 
Light Hawk Wings, left with Tenchi-ken, the strongest Jurai 
energy sword, to chase down Ryoko.  He had no plans of returning 
to Jurai.  His pursuit of Ryoko was to try to resolve the in-
evitable conflict for ascension between Ayeka and himself.  Then 
Ayeka, madly in love with Yosho, took both the ship-tree _Ryuoh_ 
and Princess Sasami with her in her determined search for her 
love.  Against her will, Yosho convinced Tsunami to mask his 
location from any Jurai scouting parties and to change his out-
ward appearance to hide his longevity.  Since Ayeka could not 
find her beloved, she sealed her sister and herself in stasis, 
until Ryoko was found.  Finally, Ryoko had used power gems that  
were Washu's trademark.  Tsunami searched for her sister to find 
out how Ryoko obtained those gems, only to find her sister had 
been kidnapped many years ago and was now missing.  Tsunami would
have interrogated Ryoko about Washu whereabouts, but Yosho had 
already tracked down Ryoko, defeated her, and imprisoned her 
inside a cave on Earth before Tsunami could have the chance.  
Knowing  that Ryoko was controlled by Kagato, who desired her 
ship-tree, Tsunami dared not risk freeing her from her prison.
	Just recently, when Tsunami was considering finding a new
plan to defend herself from Tokimi, the most unlikely things 
happened.  First, Yosho's descendant, Tenchi, had reawakened 
Ryoko and the starship _Ryo-ohki_.  This had awakened Ayeka and 
Sasami from stasis (Tsunami could not have been more pleased to 
exist as Sasami once again) and to Earth, where Yosho, along with
Tenchi-ken, had hidden himself in a self-imposed exile from 
Jurai.  Mihoshi had arrived soon afterwards.  Tsunami learned 
that Tenchi had become the being she had been striving to create,
one who held the ability to use the Light Hawk Wings as well as 
other powers.  Then Kagato came looking for Ryoko and her power 
gems.  He also wanted Tsunami's ship-tree form as well.  A battle 
raged at the Masaki home until Yosho drove off Kagato, who had 
kidnapped Ryoko, with the more powerful Tenchi-ken.  (After 
defeating Ryoko, Yosho had imbedded her power gems into the hilt 
of Tenchi-ken, increasing its considerable power.)  Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, and Tenchi had chased Kagato in an attempt to rescue 
Ryoko.  During that attempt, Tenchi was killed when Kagato's 
_Souja_ destroyed _Ryuoh_.  Tsunami had resurrected Tenchi, 
afterwards informing him of his latent power in an innocently 
seductive manner.  Meanwhile, Ryoko had escaped, and, upon the 
news of Tenchi's death, had joined Ayeka and Mihoshi in storming 
_Souja_.  While on board, Mihoshi had stumbled across Washu, who 
had been Kagato's prisoner for over two thousand years, while the
other two girls faced off against Kagato himself.  Kagato 
defeated Ryoko and claimed the gems as his own.  Then Tenchi 
joined the fight.  Using his newfound powers and Tenchi-ken, he 
destroyed Kagato with one slash of the energy sword.  Afterwards, 
the five alien women raced each other to be the first to 
"congratulate" (lavish copious amounts of affection upon) Tenchi.
Tsunami, in Sasami's guise, had won, irking Ryoko and Ayeka to no 
end.  Within minutes, they learned the true extent of Tenchi's 
power as _Souja_ slid apart, sliced in half by the stroke that 
killed Kagato.  After that, life at the Masaki residence was 
rather routine, until Sasami's dreams came.
	Sasami had always been a minor precognitive, and 
Tsunami's power had amplified the young girl's talent.  Unlike 
most of her dreams, but like most beings who dreamt of Tokimi, 
Sasami would forget the dream as soon as she awoke, but Tsunami 
would be chilled to her bones and roots at the meaning.  Tokimi 
was in this dimension, looking for Washu and the restoration of 
her powers.  If she was successful, and unless Tokimi had changed
her intentions during the interim, the fighting would begin 
anew.  Tsunami had no illusions about the relative strength of 
the three sisters.  Unless a miracle happen, or Tenchi gained 
conscious control over enough of his power, Tokimi would win.  
At best, Tsunami and Washu would be exiled to the farthest 
dimension from Tokimi, stripped of their powers and memory.  At 
worst, they would die, and their powers and knowledge would be 
absorbed by a vengeful Tokimi.  Either way, Sasami's body would 
be the host for Tokimi's presence, and, if Tenchi had not been 
killed in the battle, he would most likely become Tokimi's 
consort.
	The first person to search for Washu in Tokimi's name was
Dr. Clay, a vengeful doctor who felt he had suffered at Washu's 
hand.  Looking for some revenge against Washu and control over a 
galaxy, Clay vowed to deliver Washu to Tokimi.   He infiltrated 
his assassin robot, Zero, into the Masaki home by having Zero 
copy Ryoko's physical, mental and emotional characteristics.  
However, Washu had discovered the pseudo-Ryoko, who subsequently 
fled to Dr. Clay's battleship.  Washu, Mihoshi, Ayeka, and Tenchi 
pursued the fleeing Zero to the battleship where Washu faced off 
against Clay while the others were trapped in a Mobius maze.  
Washu had been just captured by Clay when Zero demanded that 
Tenchi not be hurt.  Washu escaped and defeated Clay, who, in his
escape, turned his cruiser into a black hole that threatened 
Earth.  Tenchi had eliminated the black hole using the Light Hawk 
Wings.  All in all, a close call for Tsunami.  Right now, Tokimi 
had probably learned of Tenchi's power and was most likely 
pondering how to deal with the adolescent.  Others courting 
Tokimi's favor would be on their way soon, maybe even the Lady 
herself.
	With all this to ponder, Tsunami was glad for the daily 
antics around the Masaki home, even if Sasami was growing weary 
of her sister's and Washu's daughter's seemingly incessant 
sparring.  She smiled as she recalled that time she had met Tenchi
aboard the bridge of her ship-tree.  Tsunami had never expected to 
merge with Sasami (it had taken her by surprise), but she never 
regretted it even once.  There were too many benefits to the 
experience.  The greatest of these was the sheer joy of being 
Sasami and knowing her pain, savoring her joy, and sharing her 
dreams, no, _their_ dreams.  One of which just happened to revolve
around a certain young man in their life.  It was also useful to 
be able to check upon on Washu daily.  Tsunami was rather 
disappointed that Washu had manifested a new personality, instead 
of regaining her memory.  While post-conflict Washu had a 
personality similar to the Washu Tsunami had known for many 
millennia, she also had a most peculiar sense of dark humor.  Also 
it angered Tsunami to find out about Washu's "nursing games" with
Tenchi and the way Washu antagonized her own daughter.  But what 
could she do?
	Sasami had finished preparing the noon meal.  She walked 
to the door, ready to call the others to the dining room to eat.  
Before she opened her mouth to speak, her eyes lost their focus, 
and her surroundings darkened, even as a picture formed itself in 
her mind.  Tsunami watched carefully, lest she miss something 
important in Sasami's vision.
	Sasami floated a foot above the Masaki carrot fields.  The
sounds of fighting echoed around her.  She turned to see 
Tenchi-ken and another energy sword cross blades while an unknown 
woman waved her hands frantically, trying to separate the swords.  
Suddenly, the sky darkened, and Sasami looked to the sun.  It had 
been blotted out by a giant fish in the sky.  Two ships, 
_Ryo-ohki_ and a ship that the woman from before owned, flew of to
combat it.  Then a bush rustled on the border of the field.  
Sasami could not see them, but she perceived that men were 
surrounding her.  One wore the mask of a harlequin.  The sky 
darkened further, with a shaft of light descending on a lone tree.
She could see Tenchi holding a baby in one arm, and with the 
other, he held a girl around Sasami's age.  Finally, the ray of 
light vanished, and the sky was starless, dark, and void.  A grey 
figure, familiar but elusive, greeted her as a sister.  The a 
figure behind the first one emerged in a flash of light.  Standing
in her full glory, and with the shadows of her sisters behind 
her, she said but one word, "Sister," as she held  Earth in one 
hand and Jurai in the other.
	"Tokimi!  NO!" Tsunami shouted into the void as the 
figure's hands crushed the two planets into dust.
	"Tokimi!  NO!" Sasami screamed into the air.  Her inner 
sight faded away as the house and yard registered again in her 
mind.  She saw Tenchi and ran towards him, crying.
	"Tenchi, I'm scared," she sobbed.  Tenchi took her into 
his arms, and held her.  Not knowing what to say, he let Sasami 
cry until she was her normal cheerful self.
	"Tokimi.  I'm sure I've heard that name before, but 
where?"  Washu pondered aloud.
	After Sasami had stopped crying, Ayeka suggested that they 
eat lunch, hoping that Sasami would forget about whatever had 
spooked her.  At the table, Sasami tried to recall what she had 
seen, but the images were rapidly receding from her grasp.  All 
that remained was the two figures, now nothing more than 
silhouettes, calling her "Sister."
	"But, Ayeka's my only sister,"  Sasami thought.  Suddenly,
without warning, a stray thought materialized.  "Who am I?"
	Alone, in her tree form in the Royal Garden of Jurai, 
Tsunami wept silently.  A drop of water fell from one of her 
branches, then others joined it in a puddle surrounding Jurai's 
chief guardian. 

Author's Notes:

As I said before, this is part of a series I am working on 
entitled Earth & Sky.  My conjecture about the Three Sisters' 
past has been influenced somewhat by the TM: Heaven and Earth 
series.  If memory serves me correctly, that work only mentioned 
an arguement between the Sisters that lead to the present 
situation seen in the OAVs.  My ideas are similar, but developed 
along different, more agressive, lines.  No infringement of ideas 
was intended at all.

Second, this is my first attempt at a serious fanfic.  My previous 
work, An Outland-ish Proposal (acessible at the RAAC ftp site), 
was written along different lines.  This was an experiement in 
writing and an idea I had to write while I had the concept.  I am 
sure these ideas have some holes in them, so if something is not 
consistant with the OAV's please tell me so I can make changes 
accordingly.  

Any and all C&C should be sent to Achariyth@aol.com.  
