                          Tears: Chapter 1

  It was after midnight at the Masaki home. Mihoshi and Kiyone were out on their 
patrols, Aeka, Sasami, and Tenchi were sound asleep, along with Nobuyuki. In 
Mayuka's room however, there was the sound of Ryoko's beautiful voice singing a 
haunting lullaby to the nine month old May. Ryoko had heard Tenchi's mother 
Achika sing it to him while she was imprisoned in the cave, and it had always 
stayed with her. She thought it fitting that she be the one to sing it to his 
daughter, and always made sure that no one else heard her sing to Mayuka. Ryoko 
was terrified that someone else would sing it to May and take away one of her 
most precious gifts the she had to give to Mayuka. Soon the baby was fast 
asleep,  and after making sure she was comfortable in her cradle, Ryoko quietly 
teleported out of the room.
   Emerging back in her room, Ryoko lay down in bed and thought about how Mayuka 
changed life for everyone. Everyone wanted to take turns holding, feeding or 
playing with her during the day, but oddly Ryoko was the only one willing to 
change diapers all the time, be it day or night. She had also started doing 
other chores around the house, including washing the clothes and keeping May's 
room clean and the bedding fresh. She had even broke down and asked for Washu's 
help in how to properly feed her and fix the baby formula. Everyone had 
commented on how responsible Ryoko was acting, but no one knew why exactly. 
Ryoko had said that she would be Mayuka's personal trainer and everyone had 
passed that off as Ryoko being her usual brash self. What no one realized was 
that Ryoko had meant every word and more. She had treated May horribly, even 
after Washu had confirmed her claim that she was Tenchi's daughter. When Ryoko 
had learned of Yuzuha's control over May, it was like watching her own life 
repeat itself. Mayuka's death could just have easily been her's by Kagato.
   When Washu had brought her back as a newborn baby, Ryoko had vowed then and 
there history would not repeat itself. Mayuka already had a father that cared 
for her, and unlike Ryoko, she would have a mother that would ALWAYS be there to 
hold her and comfort her against the nightmares, AlWAYS be there when she was 
needed, AND NEVER, EVER leave her alone when she cried out for love. 
   Ryoko had long since accepted the fact that Washu couldn't be there when she 
was growing up at the hands of that bastard Kagato, but the emotional scars left 
by the beatings and pyschological torture had never healed. For her own sanity, 
she had buried the memories of her life under Kagato. At first, she had accepted 
that this was what life was like because she had never known anything else. 
Later during her imprisonment, she had begun to think on her own for the first 
time in her entire life, and the realization of what she had done combined with 
the horror of being totally isolated in the cave pushed Ryoko completely over 
the edge. More than once she had tried to commit suicide, but something held her 
back each time. Finally her desire to escape this madness caused something in 
her to snap and she felt herself rising out of the cave into the sunlight. 
Thinking at first that this was nothing but another dream that she had created, 
she tried to move away from the cave and realized that she couldn't move beyond 
a 10 yard radius. She realized that somehow she had left her body behind, and 
was seeing the outside world for the first time since her imprisonment. She had 
spent all of her time outside after that, but was still unbearably lonely, 
simply because no one could see or even hear her. After several centuries of 
looking out at the world, Ryoko had despaired of ever being free, but stayed 
outside watching because inside meant having to face her nightmares, real or 
imagined.
   She had reached the absolute low point of depression when the day came that 
she would never forget. A young woman carrying a baby was walking by entrance 
when the baby suddenly looked at her and SAW HER!! He even reached for her, and 
his mother asked him if he saw a demon. For the first time in her life, Ryoko 
felt hope though she didn't have a name for the emotion. She watched afterward 
for this boy who could see her, and as time went by began to care about him, 
even after he lost the ability to see her. Her heart grieved with Tenchi when 
Achika died, and she was desolate the day Tenchi moved away. Then came the day 
of her release, and her dreams of finally holding Tenchi were turned to dust 
when he looked at her like she was a monster. At first she was hurt, but then 
she saw what had happened after she left her body. Without her spirit in it, her 
body had become dessicated and horribly deformed. Tenchi had fled and tried to 
reseal the cave, but without Tenchiken to hold her, she had easily passed 
through the rock. Angry at him, but not wanting to harm him, Ryoko had followed 
him home invisibly. She had spent the time healing herself, and enjoying the 
feeling of the sun upon her, the feeling of being free. Ryoko finally decided to 
throw a little scare in him and after that forgive him. THAT idea had also 
turned into disaster, when that damned sword had interfered and after losing her 
temper she had fought with him more out anger at the way things were turning out 
than because she wanted to hurt him. She ended up losing her hand and replica 
gem that she had created, at which point she felt like giving up. When Tenchi 
apologized to her and even praised her regenerating her hand, hope sprang anew. 
With a flourish, she had disappeared and rushed back to his house where she 
hoped to start over with him.
   After that her life had become a bit of a roller coaster, first with Aeka and 
Sasami, later Mihoshi, then her worst nightmare come true, Kagato taking control 
once more. Then compounding the horror, Tenchi was apparently killed. Summoning 
reserves she never knew she had, Ryoko had broken free, and joined the others on 
Ryo-ohki. At that point her own life meant nothing, but she knew she would need 
all the help she could get to destroy Kagato. The fight ended disastrously 
because she couldn't think clearly, and she was captured once more. The next 
thing she knew, she was in front of Mihoshi and some kid who claimed to be, of 
all things, her mother!! At first she refused to believe, but then Washu had 
exposed her feelings about Tenchi. Deciding to deal with this later, she had 
gone back to finish Kagato off. She was defeated once again and was ready to 
accept death, when the miracle of miracles happened, Tenchi appeared. At first, 
he had trouble fighting Kagato, but then he had cast aside his doubt and 
summoned the Lighthawk Wings with which he had killed Kagato and finally set 
Ryoko free once and for all.
   Life became relatively peaceful afterwards, with the occasional surprise, 
like babysitting little Taro, or Ryo-ohki assimilating the Masu and gaining a 
new form. Aeka and her had developed a certain respect for each other, but they 
still fought simply because neither of them were willing to admit that they 
cared about each other. She had been shocked to learn that Washu had had a child 
before her, and the loss of her son because her in-laws disapproved of her 
heritage had confirmed everything that Ryoko hated about the so called nobility. 
When Zero lay dying, Ryoko saw Washu act like her mother for the first time in 
her eyes. She had agreed to merge with Zero for many reasons, not the least 
which she knew all too well what it was to be a slave, and Zero deserved the 
chance to be free. Zero had helped her start expressing her feelings, but it was 
hard to break the habits of over five millenia, mostly because she had never 
been allowed to feel emotions of any kind.
   The visit of Jurai's King and Queens had been one of the most memorable 
events at the Masaki home. While Azusa was all bluster and Funaho reminded her 
of Achika, it was Misaki who still made Ryoko shake her head in wonder. That 
woman was a class all by herself, and Ryoko counted herself lucky Misaki 
considered her a friend. After the first visit, the Royal Family came by off and 
on, and if it was just them, Ryoko would stay with everyone, but if some other 
suitor for Aeka's hand came with them, Ryoko would disappear either in the 
shrine itself or Washu's lab. She did this because even though both Funaho and 
Misaki had let Jurai know about Kagato's control over her, and thus under 
Galactic Law she was deemed not responsible for her action, the noble families 
refused to believe the truth. Every time they saw her, they felt it was their 
"duty" to free the universe from the "demon" by killing her, and Ryoko would 
promptly give the pompous idiot the thrashing of his life and dump him in the 
lake with Funaho and Misaki laughing and even Azusa snickering behind that stern 
look of his. After the third time this happened, Ryoko grew tired of the game 
and started making herself scarce. She had seen enough fighting and killing in 
her lifetime and all she wanted was to live her life in peace. It was at this 
point that she also started to stop fighting with Aeka, again because she was 
tired and just wanted peace in her life.
   About 3 years after the Royal Family's first visit came the other great 
moment in the Masaki's lives, Mayuka's appearance. Hearing her call Tenchi 
"Daddy" in that sweet, innoncent voice had brought back memories she had thought 
forever buried. Kagato had made her call him Daddy when she was a child and 
would later use that as an excuse for beatings and torture. "I am your Daddy and 
you must obey me." he had said in that sibilant voice of his. Then he would 
seize control of her mind and make her say "Yes, Daddy" in the same sweet voice 
that May had. She had lashed out at Mayuka to make her stop calling Tenchi that 
name. Even now, just the thought of hearing someone say "Daddy" sent shivers 
through her. She had thanked the gods that Sasami had called Azusa "Father", 
because she honestly didn't know what she would have done otherwise.
   Shaking her head to clear such morose thoughts, Ryoko thought about the 
happiness she felt taking care of May. Here was someone who could accept the 
love she had to give, some one she didn't have to act like she was invulnerable 
around. As she had focused all of her attention onto Mayuka, her relationship 
with Tenchi had improved to point that he had actually taken her out on several 
dates!! She had puzzled about this for weeks, and then it dawned on her that she 
was the reason Tenchi had always avoided her. Her throwing herself at him and 
offering such unconditional love had scared him, and he had pushed her away so 
he could have breathing space. A baby needed such love however, so Mayuka had in 
effect become a buffer for the intensity of Ryoko's love.
   Originally, everyone was supposed to take turns with Mayuka's care, but it 
quickly became apparent that a fixed schedule would never work. Mihoshi and 
Kiyone were always on call, and had to be ready to leave at a moments notice. 
Sasami was still too young to be getting up in the middle of the night to feed 
or change a baby. While Washu knew how to care for a baby, she had told them 
flatly that she couldn't make that kind of full time commitment that would be 
needed. That had left Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryoko to decide. They had tried 
alternating days, but after several times in which Tenchi and Ayeka had slept 
through Mayuka's crying, Ryoko had put her foot down. She told them that she 
would take the night shift, mostly because she slept very little during the 
night, and everyone else could help during the day. That had been the start of 
her caring full time for Mayuka. While she had to give credit to Ayeka for 
trying, it was clear that caring for a newborn was more than Ayeka or Tenchi 
bargained for.
   The arrangement worked better than anyone expected, and life quickly settled 
into a routine. During the morning, Ryoko would bathe Mayuka and change her if 
necessary. They would then go to breakfast where everyone had fun feeding the 
baby. When May was still strictly being bottle fed, Ryoko had fed her almost 
exclusively at first and only a direct order from Tenchi had gotten her to share 
the baby feeding. After breakfast, Ryoko would hand May to the rest of the 
family and grab a nap until time for the soaps. During the early months when 
Mayuka spent the majority of the time sleeping, Ryoko had either brought her 
cradle next to the couch or had simply stretched out on the couch with May 
laying on top, cradled protectively in her arms. Nobuyuki had snapped a picture 
during one of the latter times and told everyone that Achika had done the same 
thing with Tenchi. He had then embarassed Tenchi big time by showing his baby 
pictures to everyone at which all of the girls had great fun saying how cute 
Tenchi was. After lunch was play time outside if the weather was nice or in the 
special playroom in Washu's lab during bad weather. Ryoko always kept a bottle 
on hand and plenty of clean diapers within easy reach during these moments just 
in case. Ayeka, Mihoshi and Kiyone would help her by watching Mayuka while Ryoko 
did the laundry or had another nap until supper.
   Dinnertime was when Tenchi would get to play with his daughter. He was in 
college now, studying both drafting and art. While he knew that someday he would 
have take up the duties of the Crown Prince of Jurai, he had convinced Misaki 
and Funaho to at least let him finish his education on Earth and get used to 
being a father. When he wasn't at classes, Yosho, Nobuyuki, and Ryoko had made 
it quite clear he was expected to care for Mayuka and be her father. Yosho still 
made Tenchi train, but he did make one small concession. If Mayuka cried out her 
needs, Yosho would wait and not whack Tenchi on the head while he was 
distracted, for which Tenchi was eternally grateful.
   When they had found out about Mayuka and her heritage, the Royal Council had 
gone into shock. Several of the more bigoted members wanted to immediately kill 
the "abomination" when Azusa had suddenly stood up and faced the entire Council. 
"When Space Pirate Ryoko killed women and children, she did so against her will 
and still paid a horrible price for her crimes. Now she must live with what she 
has done for the rest of her days. What you are proposing is even more monstrous 
and I will NOT stand for it. ANYONE attempting to harm that child will be 
stripped of all titles and rank and turned over to the Galaxy Police for his or 
her crimes. And be assured that the trial will be in full view of the public so 
all will know what kind of person would do such a thing."  Azusa had thundered 
and thus settled that issue. While he was protective of his daughters like any 
father and therefore looked upon Tenchi as someone who had to prove himself 
worthy of his Ayeka, the thought of harming an innocent baby was abhorrent to 
him. Shortly afterward, he and his wives had gone get their first look at 
Mayuka. They had walked in while Ryoko and Mayuka were having a nap together, 
and Azusa had almost woken them when Misaki and Funaho had glared at him 
together. Without saying a word, all three had left and waited for the two to 
wake up. 
   When Ryoko had gotten up, she was treated to a sight like she'd never seen. 
Misaki's reaction to May was totally predictable, and Ryoko wondered who was the 
bigger baby. The fact that Ryoko acted the same way around May while no one was 
watching was something she conveniently chose to forget. Funaho had sang quietly 
to her great-great-granddaughter in a voice very much like Achika's . It was 
Azusa who surprised everyone. He had played with May and acted like a great big 
goofball around her. Upon seeing everyone's faces, he had said with great 
dignity that grandparents had the right to spoil their grandchildren, and he had 
never been able to play with his granddaughter or great-grandson when they were 
children so he had a lot of lost time to make up. Mayuka had soiled her diapers 
right then, and Azusa had calmly changed her diapers without even breaking a 
sweat. When Ryoko complimented him on it, he replied " Do you really think that 
my wives would let me get out of doing the dirty work or that they would trust 
the servants to take of our children? Many's the time I had to get up when my 
children needed feeding or changing in the night." At this, Ryoko had looked 
right at Ayeka and Tenchi and they had the grace to look away embarassed.
  After everyone went to bed, Ryoko would first set a bottle to warm up for any 
late night feedings. Next she lay Mayuka's clothes out for the next day and 
setup the changing table. After making sure that May was asleep, Ryoko would 
then head to her own bed. In her room, she first made sure that her nightlight 
was on before laying down. 700 years in that cave had left her forever afraid of 
being alone in the dark. After she had taken up permanent residence in the 
Masaki home, Ryoko had tried to sleep at night like everyone else. Though her 
body didn't need sleep, her mind did in order to be able dream. She had lasted 
two hours before her fear had sent her fleeing into Tenchi's room where she had 
crawled into bed with him, shivering and sobbing. He had almost scolded her but 
saw that she wasn't acting. After calming her, he had tried to find out what was 
wrong but she had fled to the roof. She had been ashamed and couldn't bear the 
thought of telling him that she was afraid of the dark like some child. She had 
spent the rest of that night on the roof, out where she could see the world. 
   The next morning she went to see Katsuhito, figuring he would be someone she 
could trust with her problem. She didn't recognize him as Yosho, mostly because 
he kept his power very low along with Tsunami's illusion. She told him that she 
had been awake the entire time in the cave, not asleep like the legend said and 
now a dark room was too much like the cave to her. He had listened gravely to 
her story, and then gotten up and rummaged around in of the chests. He had 
handed a small object to her and told her that it was Tenchi's nightlight when 
he was young. The nightlight had helped until Ryo-ohki was reborn at which point 
she no longer felt so alone at night. She still needed the light to help hold 
her fear at bay, and avoided sleep during the night as much as possible. The 
only time that sleep came easily was she was drinking or when she was in the 
sun. Ayeka thought these habits were proof of Ryoko's worthlessness, but Ryoko 
thought differently. Out in the sun was where she felt safe alone and alcohol 
dulled the fear and pain enough to where she could bear it. When May entered her 
life, she had lost almost all desire to drink because now she had happiness to 
counteract the pain. She still needed a nightlight, but at least she woke up 
without feeling all 5000+ years in the morning.

***********************************************************************

  The next morning dawned bright and clear, with the promise of being a 
beautiful spring day. It was a Saturday, so Tenchi would be home and Ryoko had 
already decided that everyone would have a picnic out in the fields. Mayuka was 
full of energy and playing with everyone outside would hopefully wear her out 
enough so that she would sleep during the afternoon. Ryoko wanted to be able to 
sleep on the roof out in the warm sun but knew that it wasn't safe for May. She 
always put May's needs above her own wants, but still managed to work in a 
little time off for herself. After breakfast, Ryoko told Sasami to make a picnic 
lunch, and Sasami gladly agreed. Sasami was turning into a beautiful teenager, 
and Ryoko knew that soon she would have more competition for Tenchi's heart. 
Caring for Mayuka had given her the maturity to be able accept this, but Ryoko 
still hoped that Tenchi would marry her. 
   After giving May to Ayeka, Ryoko teleported to the roof for a snooze. She 
loved the warm sunlight upon her, as it reminded her once again that she was 
truly free of both Kagato and the cave. Meanwhile, Ayeka was playing with Mayuka 
and laughing at her antics. The years away from court and having someone 
unafraid to speak her mind had done Ayeka a world of good. She no longer acted 
like the spoiled, snobbish princess that she had been when she first came to 
Earth. She had never been able to trust anyone except for Sasami and Yosho, but 
neither of them was her age, and therefore could understand her problems. When 
she had met Ryoko, she already had a grudging respect for her candid words and 
lack of fear of her position. As time went by, Ayeka grew to trust Ryoko, when 
they weren't fighting over Tenchi. Here was someone who she could trust to give 
an honest opinion, with no hidden agendas or false words of praise. Ryoko 
despised the hypocracy of the nobility, having seen what Kagato was like and 
when Ayeka tried to act like she above everyone or had higher morals, she didn't 
hesitate to expose Ayeka's attitude for the lie that it was.
  Now that Ryoko was acting as Mayuka's primary caregiver, she and Ayeka had 
grown very close. Tenchi had also taken Ayeka out several times and Ryoko had 
helped pick out a nice outfit for her each time. Ayeka had returned the favor 
when Ryoko went out, and afterward they had both shared what happened on the 
dates, giggling like schoolgirls. Like Ryoko, Ayeka had matured to the point 
where she could accept Tenchi picking someone else, but she still hoped to win 
Tenchi's hand in marriage. She was amazed at how responsible Ryoko had become 
and had admitted to herself that Ryoko was a much better mother to May than she 
was.
   Just before lunch, Ryoko woke up and headed out to carrot fields to get 
Tenchi. He only worked the fields occasionally due the increased demands on him 
and Washu had created a few robots to take care of Ryo-ohki's precious carrots. 
Tenchi agreed to the picnic and headed home to clean up. She then invited Yosho 
and afterward headed to the lab to get Washu. Her relationship with Washu had 
improved to the point where she could call her "Mom" like Washu wanted, but a 
large gulf still remained between them, due to the emotional scars that Ryoko 
still bore. Washu wisely did not push Ryoko, but bided her time. She knew that 
someday her daughter would open up to her and Ryoko's tortured soul could 
finally begin healing. 
  After inviting Washu, Ryoko went to the living room and picked up Mayuka. She 
took her flying while the others brought lunch. Mayuka loved flying and would 
laugh happily with her, enjoying the sensations. Washu said that May had the 
potential to also fly on her own, and Ryoko was looking forward to the day she 
could teach her. For now she just held Mayuka close, happy to be able to give 
her love to this wonderful child. They landed in the field where Sasami had 
already setup lunch, and settled down to eat. After lunch, Mihoshi and Kiyone, 
who had come back that morning, had watched May while everyone else enjoyed a 
nice peaceful afternoon. The two GP's had just arrested a particulary nasty 
child molester and needed to take their minds off having to deal with such a 
monster. 
  Late in the afternoon, everyone reluctantly agreed it was time head back. 
Sasami had to start dinner and Mayuka getting tired. After helping pack up, 
Ryoko picked up May and flew back to the house. She put May in her cradle and 
gently sang her to sleep. After telling Ryo-ohki to keep an eye on her, Ryoko 
started to clean the house. By the time everyone else arrived, she had finished 
cleaning and had turned on the TV to catch the Galactic News. While she rarely 
left the Earth due to her reputation, Ryoko had recently begun to take interest 
what was going on in the universe, mostly because she had spent her life in 
isolation. After her release, she had paid little attention to what was going 
beyond the Masaki household because she needed to learn simply what it meant to 
be free. Later, as she healed to the point where her natural curiosity began to 
assert itself, she became painfully aware of how little she knew. While she knew 
science and math, and had picked up a basic knowledge of government and law, her 
awareness of arts, culture and music were almost nil. Kagato destroyed those 
things and had ruthlessly prevented her experiencing the emotions that would 
have allowed her to understand them. 
   Caring for May had made her realize that she needed to know what going on in 
the universe. She had started to watch the news and began to watch the different 
educational programs. Washu had let her peruse through her immense library of 
music and art, and Tenchi and Ayeka helped her learn about the culture of Earth 
and Jurai. She vowed to herself that Mayuka would not grow up with no knowledge 
of the universe around her, so she spent much of her free time learning what she 
had always wanted to know but had been prevented from actually finding out. 
   Around dinnertime, Mayuka woke up from her nap and immediately let everyone 
know she was hungry. Taking her from the cradle, Ryoko brought her to dining 
room and began feeding her supper. After supper, everyone went into the living 
room and sat down for some quality family time. They were all enjoying a movie, 
when Mayuka suddenly spoke her first word. She had attempted more than once to 
speak, but this time she managed to speak clearly to be understood. The word 
"Mama" came out and everyone just looked at her, hardly believing it. She said 
"Mama" again and looked directly at Ryoko. Ryoko just sat there in shock, her 
mind in turmoil. Mayuka had always directed her love at Tenchi when she first 
appeared, and Ryoko assumed that her first word would be "Papa". Instead, she 
was calling Ryoko her mother, and it rocked Ryoko to her very core. Tears flowed 
from her eyes as she remembered all times she had called out for her mother, and 
never received an answer. Desperately, she tried to control herself and bury 
those memories, but it was too late. 
  Like a dam that had been breached, Ryoko's wall that she had erected around 
her memories had been broken and her emotions would no longer be denied. More 
and more memories came to the surface, and Ryoko's whole body was racked with 
convulsions as she cried. She suddenly cried out "Mommy!!" as she had so many 
centuries ago, and this time Washu was there to hold her. She had come running 
out from the lab in her adult form, having felt her daughter's distress through 
her pyschic link. Scooping up her daughter in her arms, she held Ryoko against 
her shoulder. Ryoko at this point was completely unaware of her surroundings, 
and was reliving all the horrors that she had experienced but had never been 
able express. She was screaming in a voice that held all the pain and terror of 
her youth, and crying tears for all those she had hurt and killed but never 
allowed to grieve. 
  Hour after hour it went on, Ryoko crying her very soul out and Washu gently 
rocking her and speaking soothingly to her. Ryoko's eyes had already dried up 
and her voice become hoarse, but she sobbed anyway, unable to stop. Finally, 
around 1:00 A.M., Ryoko slowly gained control of herself. She became aware of 
her eyes being cleaned of the salt that encrusted them and a glass of juice 
being held to her lips. A voice told her to drink slowly, and her parched throat 
gratefully accepted the cool liquid. Her vision cleared for a minute and she saw 
Washu's face and felt her arms around her. Ryoko looked at her and managed to 
say "Momma?" before falling unconscious in her mother's arms.

***********************************************************************

Afterword:
  This is the first chapter of a multi-part saga. If you think that everyone is 
acting OOC, go back and watch the OVA's and MnE. Every thing is based on how the 
characters all acted throughout. I've given Azusa more credit for his actions 
than most people, because do you really think that Misaki or Funaho would 
actually care about him if he was the overbearing jerk or evil person that I've 
seen him portrayed in a lot of fanfics? The lullaby is "The Lonely Moon" which 
was sung Ai Orikasa, Ryoko's Japanese voice over artist, and therefore belong's 
to Pioneer/AIC. Please send questions, C&C to me at billdrown@lamere.net as I'm 
interested your thoughts. 

  
          
      
      
