                           Tears: Chapter Two 

  When Ryoko awoke, she found herself laying on a futon next to Washu, her head 
on Washu's shoulder and Washu's arms wrapped protectively around her. She also 
had the mother of all headaches and desperately needed a hot soak in the onsen. 
Ryoko was about to disengage herself from her mother's embrace, when Washu 
suddenly spoke,"Good afternoon, sleepyhead." Not believing her ears, Ryoko 
looked at the clock and saw that it was 2:00 P.M. She was about to go look after 
May, when Washu suddenly teleported them both to the onsen."Ryoko, don't worry 
about Mayuka right now. Tenchi and the others are taking care of her and we need 
to talk. Besides which, you look like a complete wreck", Washu said when they 
arrived. 
  Ryoko had to agree about being a wreck and she wanted a nice hot soaking to 
soothe her aching head, but needing to talk to Washu was what she had her doubts 
about. Still, as she recalled what happened last night, Washu had been there for 
her when she called. She had even changed out that freakish,"Washu-chan" she 
used all the time, which made her look like some kid sister instead of her 
mother. Saying nothing, Ryoko and Washu both washed together and rinsed 
themselves off. They then climbed into the hot springs and looked at each other. 
After a moment, Ryoko said"Alright Mom, you said we need to talk so let's talk."
   Realizing that this might be the best chance she would ever have, Washu tried 
to reach out to her daughter.,"Ryoko, until now I've never known how to make you 
understand how much I love you and how your rejecting me always pained me. Last 
night, you heard the child of your heart call you that most wonderful word, 
Mother. Now you have something him in common with me, and can finally understand 
what I have to say. I want you to listen to this analogy before you make any 
judgements. You remember how Ayeka was when you first met?" At this Ryoko 
nodded,and Washu continued,"Now imagine that you are trapped in the cave again, 
only able to see and hear through May. Ayeka is raising her into that same 
snobbish bitch she was and you are helpless to stop it. You know in your heart 
that if you were free you could change her back into the wonderful person you 
remember. Years go by and May is now a person that is everything you hate, and 
you can do nothing to change it. Then miracles of miracles, you are freed and 
you immediately try to reach her and find that person you once knew. Instead, 
Mayuka looks at you like you're some monster and tears your heart to shreds by 
rejecting you." 
   Seeing Ryoko's face, Washu knew she had hit home and waited for her daughter 
to speak. Ryoko took a deep breath and replied,"I'll grant that you have a good 
point Mom," and then screamed," but that doesn't give you the right to treat me 
like you have. First, you stayed in a child's body like some damn FREAK! Then 
you kept going after Tenchi like he was some guinea pig. And worst of all, you 
tied me up and left me hanging in the dark, alone and scared, and videotaped the 
whole thing!!! Tell me WHY I should let you be a part of my life, if that's the 
only thing I can expect."
   At this outburst, Washu could only look down. Ryoko was right, she had been 
cruel to her. Still, Ryoko hadn't left, she was waiting for Washu to answer so 
there was still hope that the breach could be healed. Knowing her next words 
would be her final chance, Washu gathered her thoughts. Finally, Washu 
spoke,"You're absolutely right Ryoko, I've treated you horribly. I won't ask for 
your forgiveness because I can't. All I ask is that you listen to what I have to 
say, and judge for yourself if I'm worthy of being forgiven, of being a part of 
your life." At this Ryoko only nodded, since she didn't trust herself to speak 
and she wanted an answer from Washu.
 "You already know part of the reason I've stayed a child. I've never been able 
to come to terms with my son and husband being taken from me, simply because I 
didn't have any 'status'. You were supposed to be in part my redemption, my 
proof that lineage didn't matter. Because I didn't pay attention, Kagato was 
able to kidnap me and turn you into a monster that everyone hated, not the 
loving person that I dreamed of raising. Even after I was freed, I stayed a 
child because it was better than facing the fact that I had twice had my 
children taken away from me. Last night, you called out for me and I couldn't 
let the chance to hold and protect you go by."
   Pausing to regain control over herself, Washu continued,"My chasing Tenchi 
was in part to punish you for hurting me. Despite what Tenchi may have thought, 
I would have never taken that 'sample'. I just wanted him to stop being so dense 
around girls. By putting him in a situation where he couldn't get away from sex, 
I hoped to make him confront his fears. Unfortunately, Mihoshi continually would 
disrupt my plans. Understand this Ryoko, your happiness means everything to me 
and that means Tenchi is yours. As for that night, I did it to hurt you the like 
you kept hurting me with your rejection of me, especially after I'd gone to the 
trouble of convincing you to merge with Zero. Zero did so much for you, and all 
you did was treat me like dirt. So I decided to punish you by stripping you of 
your pride and letting you know that you weren't as strong as you pretended to 
be. It worked alright, but afterward I felt lower than dirt. I had just proven 
myself to be no better than Kagato. Because I couldn't swallow my pride and let 
our relationship heal at its own pace, I ended up driving you further away. It's 
taken this long just to get you to talk to me again.,"
   Ryoko had remained silent throughout Washu's explanation. After letting the 
tension hang between them for a few minutes, Ryoko quietly asked,"And where does 
Mayuka fit in all this? When you asked everyone if they wanted her brought back, 
you were really asking me, weren't you?" Washu looked Ryoko again and said,"Yes, 
I was asking you. Have you never wondered why I didn't bring May back as a 
teenager with all of her memories? I could have easily done so, and still can. I 
didn't and I won't however, both for her sake and yours. Both of you had your 
childhood stolen, and while I cannot change the past, I could give Mayuka a new 
future. Her memories are locked away in the soul crystal until she is old enough 
to handle them. Meanwhile, she will grow up in a loving family. You needed 
someone who could accept the love that you had to give, and look how that has 
turned out. Tenchi is no longer afraid of you, and you now know the love that a 
mother has for a child. You may not have carried Mayuka in your womb, but you 
carry her in your heart and that is just the same. It was the only gift I could 
give you that would show how much I love you."
   Washu fell silent again. She had said all she could say and now the rest was 
up to Ryoko. Again the tension hung between them, and Washu began to worry that 
she had failed. Finally, Ryoko spoke,"If you had tried to tell me why you tied 
me up that night before you brought May back, I'd probably have spit in your 
face. Even before last night, I'd have a hard time forgiving you. But now that 
I've heard Mayuka call me her mother, I can understand why you've done some of 
the things you did to me. I'm willing to give us a fresh start, both because of 
May and because you finally were there when I needed you. But there are some 
conditions." Washu looked at her, hope and fear naked on her face. 
   "First, no more staying a child. You can't believe how much I hate that 
'Washu-chan' form you use. You're 20,000 years old, start acting like it. 
Second, stop spending all your time in the lab. If I'm May's mother, that makes 
you her grandmother and grandparents should get to know their grandchildren. All 
your work has been nothing but an excuse to avoid facing your problems. I'm just 
as guilty in my own way and look what happened when I got caught with my guard 
down. In return, I'll start sharing my life with you. It won't be easy for 
either one of us, but maybe we can build something worthwhile." Washu had tears 
in her eyes by now, and after drying her eyes with a towel, spoke,"Now that I 
have my daughter back, I don't need 'Washu-chan' anymore. As for my work, I'll 
gladly cut back if it means spending time with my daughter." Ryoko then 
replied,"I guess we have a deal, Mom."
  They both got out of the hot springs then. As they both dressed, it was all 
Washu could do to keep from crying tears of joy. Her most heartfelt prayers had 
been answered. Ryoko, meanwhile, was thinking about Mayuka calling her "Mama". 
No one could say now that she was irresponsible or unfit to raise a child. Just 
wait until the Royal Council heard about this!! The thought of the "demon space 
pirate" raising a Princess of Jurai, which Mayuka was legally, would give some 
of those overblown bigots a heart attack.
   Both Ryoko and Washu entered the living room, where everyone was waiting. 
Mayuka was on the floor playing, when she saw Ryoko. Her face lit up and she 
said,"Mama". Ryoko scooped her up in her arms and hugged her tight, letting 
everyone see her love for this child of her heart. No longer did she have to 
hide her feelings, now that her pain was out in the open and everyone still 
cared about her. Ryoko then did something she had sworn never to do. In front of 
everyone, she began to sing Achika's lullaby. She didn't have to worry about 
someone else singing it, because now she had something far greater, she had 
Mayuka's love. Everyone was amazed at Ryoko's singing and wondered where the 
song came from. Nobuyuki, however, had tears in his eyes as he recognized the 
lullaby. He wondered how Ryoko had learned it, as she was locked up in the cave 
when Tenchi was a baby. After she was finished singing, Ryoko just stood there, 
holding onto May while feeling the love of mother and child. Washu was right, 
Mayuka had been her greatest gift to her and more than anything was why Ryoko 
could find it in her heart to forgive.

***********************************************************************

   Over the next few months, Ryoko slowly began to face her memories. She 
started to have therapy sessions with Yosho who, as priest of the shrine, was a 
trained counselor and being from outer space himself could understand some of 
the more outlandish sounding stories. Washu was there to provide support, which 
was needed because Ryoko often broke down sobbing as the horrors she had seen 
and experienced were brought out. She let the tears flow, knowing now that 
hiding the pain only made things worse later. Washu also had private talks with 
Yosho, mostly because he knew what it was to have lost a child and spouse. While 
all his other wives and children lived long and full lives, Achika had died 
before her time, and her mother had died out of grief shortly after. 
   Ryoko's relationship with the rest of her family also changed. Before, she 
had alway hid her emotions, always put up a shell to protect herself from being 
hurt. Now she let others see the warm, caring nature that she had only shown to 
May. Everyone was amazed at her transformation, and both Tenchi and Ayeka 
commented that she had changed from an ugly duckling into a graceful swan. They 
deferred to her authority over taking care of Mayuka, especially since Ryoko was 
the only person that Mayuka called Mama. 
   As July wound down and August approached, the Royal Family called. They were 
coming to visit both to see their children and to discuss some important 
matters. Unfortunately, six suitors for Ayeka would be coming as well, and all 
of them were determined that Ayeka would marry one of them. When Ryoko heard 
this, she could only clench her teeth and pray. Now that she was Mayuka's 
mother, she wasn't going to hide this time. That meant having to put up with not 
one but SIX idiots who would make life miserable for her. The house would be in 
chaos during their visit, which of course would make life hard on May. Ayeka 
looked at her sympathetically, as life would be also miserable for her.
  On August 1, the Royals arrived. Ryoko was with Mayuka in the onsen bathing, 
both to prepare herself for the chaos ahead, and to give Ayeka and Sasami a 
little privacy for their family reunion. After her bath, Ryoko took Mayuka 
outside to greet everyone. She curtsied Azusa, greeted Lady Funaho, and braced 
herself for Lady Misaki. Sure enough, after Misaki had finished cuddling Mayuka, 
she gave Ryoko one of her trademark bear hugs. This time, Ryoko surprised 
everyone by not only returning the hug, but matching her strength for strength. 
Misaki gladly accepted this and both of their spines were cracking before they 
broke the embrace. Azusa and Funaho were looking at each other, wondering if 
they were hallucinating. Finally, they shrugged and went inside. 
   Once inside, Ryoko looked at the six noblemen and waited for them to 
recognize her. Two of them, Tetsu and Hiroshi, merely looked at her and nodded. 
Sumi, a blonde haired man with intelligent eyes, actually bowed to her and 
greeted her courteously. Ryoko marked these three, as they were actually 
behaving themselves and not acting like that buffoon Seiryo. The next two, 
Korehira and Norimoto, looked at her and Mayuka with hate and loathing in their 
eyes, but kept their peace. Clearly, Azusa had laid down some ground rules, for 
which Ryoko was grateful. It was the last one, Nobaka, who made Ryoko shudder. 
There was a malevolent intelligence in his eyes and a sneer on his face that 
reminded her of Kagato. Here was someone who would bear watching at all times. 
    During lunch her suspicions were confirmed. Nobaka spoke condenscendingly to 
her, staying just shy of outright insults and threats. Clearly, he wanted to 
provoke her into a fight and while she normally would have obliged, her 
instincts told that this one was dangerous. Also, she had found a new 
appreciation of life, and no longer felt the need for fighting. So Ryoko ignored 
him, and fed Mayuka. After lunch, she joined the other women for the soap 
operas. Misaki and Funaho also were soap fans, and whenever they were in Council 
meetings, they always made sure that the episodes were recorded so they could 
watch them later. Ayeka told Ryoko that once someone forgot to record an 
episode, and both of Azusa's wives had gone into a complete frenzy. Azusa ended 
up personally having to go to the studio and get a copy of the missed episode to 
placate his wives. Needless to say, there was never an episode unrecorded again. 
Ryoko had laughed herself silly at the thought, though she'd have probably done 
the same thing.
   After the soaps, Azusa had rejoined them, along with Tenchi, Yosho and 
Nobuyuki. After everyone was seated, Azusa spoke. " When we called earlier, one 
of the reasons for coming here was that there was some important issues to 
discuss. That time is here now. Tenchi, Startica is approaching and we three 
want you,Mayuka,Ayeka,Sasami and Yosho to be there. It is time you were 
introduced to the people of Jurai. Yosho, you have made your desire clear, but 
you still must visit Jurai. You owe it to the people to confirm you are alive 
and well, and you have to publicly declare Tenchi as your successor. Ayeka, 
Sasami, you must also be there to also let people know how you are doing. 
Professor Washu, I have been asked by the Science Academy on Todain to see if 
you would be a guest lecturer. They would pay you well in gold, which I imagine 
would come in handy for expenses around here. Ryoko, Nobuyuki, you are invited 
to visit Jurai, if you wish."
   Azusa waited for everyone to quiet down after hearing this. Once everyone was 
finished talking among themselves, he spoke again, "We need to know by the end 
of the week, when we head back, what you have decided. I am sorry about the 
abruptness of our request, but this issue was hotly debated in the Council right 
up until we left Jurai." Ryoko was deeply troubled by what Azusa said. At hers 
and Washu's request, Mihoshi and Kiyone had not reported Mayuka calling Ryoko 
her mother nor Ryoko's breakdown. Now May was being taken away from her where 
she felt she couldn't follow. Despite the invitation, Ryoko knew in her heart 
that going to Jurai would only bring trouble. Both the common folk and the 
nobles would only see the monster that attacked and destroyed so much of Jurai, 
not the daughter of Washu. Earth was her home now and Mayuka her daughter, but 
how to tell the Royals this?
   Ayeka, meanwhile, had her own problems to contend with. Now that Azusa had 
made his announcement, her suitors felt that they could make their case for 
marriage. While Hiroshi,Tetsu and Sumi were actually pleasant to talk to, 
Korehira,Noritomo, and Nobaka left her feeling like she was covered in grease 
and slime. Dealing with one suitor was bad enough. Dealing with all six while 
also trying to decide what to do about her father's request pushed her to the 
limit. She felt like strangling her parents for allowing so many suitors at 
once.
   Around late afternoon, Ayeka finally managed to extract herself. The first 
three nobles politely excused themselves and went to watch Tenchi and Yosho 
train. The last three, however, sought out Ryoko with the express purpose of 
provoking her. They knew she wasn't at her full power, and foolishly believed 
themselves her equal. They found her playing with Mayuka while the Royal Family 
looked on. Nobaka immediately began where he had left off, with Korehira and 
Noritomo also joining in. While Azusa was shocked by their rudeness and his 
wives' tempers were approaching the boiling point, Ryoko calmly ignored the 
three. She knew what they were up to and she had better things to do than to 
give them the satifaction of pissing her off. Seeing how Ryoko wasn't reacting 
to the nobles provocations, Funaho and Misaki calmed down while Azusa looked at 
her with great respect for such restraint. 
   Ryoko's refusal to be provoked finally pushed Nobaka over the edge. He 
decided to hit Ryoko through Mayuka, seeing how she cared for the baby. In his 
sneering voice he said, "Gentlemen, I see that Miss Ryoko doesn't wish to play 
with us because she already has a playmate. I wonder what it will look like when 
it grows up. Will it be a furry beast like her pet or will look like something 
even funnier?" At this, Korehira and Noritomo laughed uproariously. Azusa,Funaho 
and Misaki were all shocked at such disgraceful behavior and were about to 
upbraid the three of them when they saw Ryoko's face. Her eyes were narrowed to 
mere slits and power was radiating from her. Teleporting between Korehira and 
Noritomo, she lashed out with her fists and sent them flying across the room, 
out cold. Then before he could blink, she had hooked her thumbs inside Nobaka's 
cheeks and her fingers in his ears.
  In a quiet voice that more terrifying than her screaming, she said,"NO ONE 
mocks my Mayuka. ARE you understanding me?" . Not hearing a response, she yanked 
him over her head and repeated the question. Nobaka was in excruciating pain 
meanwhile and was desperately trying to get away from her. He clearly had 
underestimated her power and was terrified for the first time in his life. Even 
with only one of her gems, she was more powerful than the three of them combined 
and now that power was focused against him. Whimpering and crying, he tried to 
say yes, but his mouth was in agony. 
   Nobaka's punishment might have gone on even longer, but at that moment Mayuka 
had laughed and said "Mama". Ryoko's face lit up, her eyes opened wide with pure 
joy and she cried,"Little Mayuka!!". Negligently tossing Nobaka with one hand, 
she scooped up her daughter and began laughing happily with her. Nobaka sailed 
face first through the wall where he hung like some bizarre wall ornament. 
Seeing this made Mayuka laugh harder, and Ryoko said,"Did that bad man hurt 
Mommy's little girl? Don't worry, Mommy will make sure bad people like him 
behave and not say such naughty things." 
  Azusa and Funaho had face-faulted at Ryoko's behavior. It went against 
everything they knew about her and neither of them could believe their eyes or 
ears. Misaki, however, had rushed over to Ryoko and Mayuka and hugged them 
fiercely. She had long suspected that they were kindred spirits, souls whose 
hearts were full of love and unafraid to show it. Kagato had hurt Ryoko deeply, 
and she had erected a wall around her soul, thus preventing any real emotions 
from escaping. Clearly, that wall was destroyed and her soul was now shining 
through. Washu walked in just then to see what all the racket was. Taking in the 
scene before her, she calmly went over to Azusa and Funaho and waved some 
smelling salts under their noses.
   Once they woke up, Azusa and Funaho immediately began badgering Washu with 
questions. Finally they were satified that the bond between Ryoko and Mayuka was 
real, and that this was the real Ryoko before them, not some duplicate. Washu 
then looked at her daughter and said, "Ryoko, don't you think you should clean 
up this mess? Leaving trash around the house is very bad manners." At this, 
Ryoko looked a little guilty and replied,"Oh, all right. But where do I dump 
them? They won't fit into the trash can, and Tenchi won't like me fouling up the 
lake." Azusa then answered," Toss them outside, I'll have Azaka and Kamidake 
throw them in my ship's brig. Their behavior is an absolute disgrace, and they 
will be punished." Misaki and Funaho both got an evil glint in their eyes, and 
Ryoko decided that she wouldn't want to be in those idiots' shoes.
   Handing Mayuka to Azusa, she first picked up Korehira and tossed him into 
middle of the room. Next she tossed Noritomo on top of him, and then she yanked 
Nobaka from the wall, taking a large chunk with him. Tossing him on top of the 
other two, she picked the three up and teleported outside, where she called for 
the guardians. Dumping her load on the ground, she gave Azusa's instructions to 
them and reappeared in the living room. Ryoko then got a broom and dustpan and 
proceeded to finish cleaning up. 
   Later that evening, when everyone was finished eating and had gathered in the 
living room to watch a movie, Ryoko came to a decision. Now that the Royal 
Family had accepted that Ryoko was Mayuka's mother, she knew they would accept 
what she wanted. "Your Majesties, I cannot go to Jurai, I would only be the 
cause of trouble at what should be a happy occasion. Mayuka cannot go either, 
because she is too young to be separated from her mother. Therefore, I must 
inform you that both of us will be staying on Earth, along with Ryo-ohki", Ryoko 
said. The Royals were startled by her announcement, but seeing her face, they 
all nodded their agreement.
   Sasami then objected,"But Ryoko, what will you do for food? You've never 
learned how to cook more than boiling noodles." Ryoko looked at her and 
replied,"Sasami, you forget that I don't need to eat or drink, same as Ryo-ohki. 
Furthermore, I don't have a sense of taste, so food has little meaning to me. 
Don't worry about me starving." Ayeka tried a different tactic to get her 
dearest friend to go with them. "Ryoko, we'll be gone for almost a month. Aren't 
you the least bit worried about Tenchi spending all that time alone with me.?" 
Ryoko laughed and said,"Nice try Ayeka. We both know that Tenchi will make his 
choice when he is ready. If Tenchi spends time with you, he'll make it up to me 
when he gets back. Besides, do you really think your father will allow you two 
to go anywhere unchaperoned?" At this Azusa had laughed and put on a stern look.
   Ryoko then looked at Tenchi. "Tenchi, goto Jurai. Their Majesties are right, 
you need to be introduced to the people of Jurai. It will be a good starting 
point for you to taking on the mantle of Crown Prince. Kiyone and Mihoshi are 
due back next week from patrol, so I won't be lonely for long.", Ryoko pleaded, 
"After you get back, we all can have a late birthday party for Mayuka." Everyone 
started, as they remembered that Mayuka's first birthday was this month. Tenchi 
smiled and said,"Since everyone is so sure of this, I'll go. Ryoko, I promise 
I'll take you out to a festival here when we get back. I'll also bring back 
plenty of birthday present for my little girl." At this Mayuka had giggled. She 
didn't understand what Tenchi said, but she knew her father loved her.
   Everyone else, including Nobuyuki, also agreed to attend Startica. Washu then 
spoke,"I'll give that lecture at the Science Academy. My granddaughter's 
birthday is approaching, and I need enough money so that I can spoil her 
rotten." The Royal Family laughed, since they were planning the same thing for 
Mayuka. Now that everything was decided, a cloud was lifted from the Masaki 
home, and everyone enjoyed the rest of the visit.
   Finally, it was time for everyone to leave. Washu closed down much of her lab 
and set the security systems so only Mihoshi,Kiyone,Ryoko,Mayuka and herself 
could safely enter. She would be dropped off on Todain, and hook up with Mihoshi 
and Kiyone just outside the Jurai Protected Zone Marker on the way back. The 
Yukinojo and Ryo-ohki were still the only non-Jurain ships allowed near Earth. 
The GP's had already been notified and would be waiting for her. She then 
boarded the ship after giving a goodbye hug to her daughter. As Ayeka and Ryoko 
were hugging each other, Ryoko said with a mischevious gleam in her eyes,"Don't 
get caught doing what I plan to do with Tenchi when he gets back." Ayeka replied 
with the same gleam,"Who said I'm going to get caught?" Hearing this and looking 
at Azusa's face, Tenchi gulped. 
   Sasami cried as she hugged Ryoko and Ryo-ohki, who was in her child form. 
While she understood Ryoko's reasoning, she would miss not having her playmate 
with her. The night before, she had setup several days worth of meals for the 
three of them, with explicit instructions on how to prepare them. Yosho had then 
bowed to Ryoko, and asked her to maintain the shrine's cleanliness, to which she 
agreed. Nobuyuki also bowed to her before boarding, telling her to take any 
messages from the office.
   Tenchi then came up to her. Holding her close, he gently kissed her on the 
cheek and then kissed his daughter. Tenchi cared deeply for Ryoko and Ayeka now, 
and honestly believed he would never be able to choose between them. He had a 
premonition, just before he agreed to go, that after this trip, life would never 
be the same for the three of them. What would happen he didn't know, only that 
Startica would be a crossroads in their relationship. After saying goodbye to 
his daughter and her adopted mother, he too boarded the ship.
   Finally, the Emperor and his wives came over. Azusa gave her a formal bow of 
respect. Funaho also gave her a kiss on the cheek and hugged her great-great 
granddaughter. Misaki was crying as she gave Ryoko her crushing bear hug, which 
Ryoko again matched easily. They then boarded the ship as well, and Ryoko 
watched as the ship left the Earth and headed out of the solar system. When they 
were gone, Ryoko went inside with Ryo-ohki and Mayuka. With everyone gone, the 
house, which had been full of life, now seemed a lonely, empty place.

***********************************************************************
  
  If you think that Ryoko is OOC in the second half of this chapter, watch 
Episodes 11 and 12 of the OVA's. Zero is what Ryoko is really like, when she is 
not hiding the from the pain and horror that has been her life before. The next 
chapters will much darker, as Ryoko will be put through hell. Still, there is 
light at the end of her dark journey and she will emerge a much stronger person 
from her experiences   
      
    
   
   
   
  
