                          Tears: Chapter 4

  Washu sat in the cave, holding her daughter, crying her heart out. Ryoko, her 
beautiful child, had been brutally raped by two men. What no one else in the 
family knew was that Ryoko was a virgin. Everyone assumed that Ryoko had had sex 
before because of the way she acted, but it was just that, an act. Kagato had 
never molested her, even after her body had matured. He thought physical 
pleasure beneath him, and also he had far more effective means of degrading her. 
Kagato had basically raped her mind, which in many ways was even worse. He 
called her defective and treated her like an expendable machine. Every time she 
rebelled, he would take control of her mind and crush what little free will she 
had. By the time she was grown, her mind was broken and she was a little more 
than a child in mental and emotional developement. Only after she astrally 
projected herself and saw life for the first time did her mind begin to catch up 
with her body.
   When Ryoko had been released, she had acted like she did because she was 
exploring her own sexuality. While growing up, her only companion had been Ryo-
ohki. Their relationship was a bonding of souls, but they were mainly occupied 
with comforting each other while under Kagato's control. She had no social 
skills, so she had to learn by trial and error. While Washu found Tenchi's 
denseness exasperating at times, she was glad he never took advantage of Ryoko. 
Ryoko was still very much a child back then, and was nowhere near ready to deal 
with sex. 
  As Ryoko learned what it meant to be free, she realized just how much had been 
stolen from her. Her mother, her childhood, her very dignity as a person, all 
had been denied her. Her virginity was the last shred of innocence left to her. 
Ryoko had wanted her first time to be special, to be able to give of herself 
freely and not be treated like chattel. Now this had also been taken away from 
her and Washu didn't know how Ryoko would handle it when she recovered. She had 
matured quite a bit since her release, but because Kagato had abused and 
degraded her for so long, Ryoko only recently believed in her own worth. Washu 
prayed that her daughter would have the strength to deal with this once she 
recovered from her present state.
   Washu felt Minagi's hand on her shoulder. Minagi had never seen Washu so 
devastated. She hadn't seen the medical report, but clearly something horrible 
had happened to Ryoko, something more than being trapped in the darkness. "Mom, 
we need to get Ryoko to the lab. Surely you can help her better there. Also, 
Kiyone and Mihoshi might need our help with those men.", Minagi said. The last 
statement got Washu's attention. All the raiders had been captured, and the men 
who did this to Ryoko had to have been caught in the first sweep. The three who 
held Mayuka and Ryo-ohki hostage hadn't taken Ryoko, so that meant they were 
already in the holding cells. Calling up Ryo-ohki's memory, she had the holocomp 
compare the image with men in the cells. Immediately a match was found and Washu 
knew in her heart that these were the ones who had raped her daughter. The cells 
weren't equipped to do a genetic scan, but these two were the only ones who were 
with Ryoko.
   Washu almost killed them right there. It would be so easy, one simple push 
and the two would reduced to mere atoms in an instant. Her finger hovered over 
the button, but in the end, she couldn't. She wasn't a murderer and killing them 
would make her just like Kagato. Also, Ryoko deserved the chance to confront the 
men. Taking several deep breaths to calm herself, Washu created a floating 
medical unit. Gently, she lay Ryoko in the bed and covered her with several 
blankets. Once she was secured and the unit was monitoring her, Washu and Minagi 
headed back to lab with her. Throughout the trip, Ryoko showed no sign of 
awareness, and only the unit's display showed she was alive.
  It was evening by the time they reached the house. Barely half a day had 
passed since the initial assault, but it seemed like ages. Once inside the lab, 
Washu moved Ryoko into a regular bed and setup several monitors. All of the 
equipment was linked to her holocomp, so if any change in Ryoko's condition 
occurred, Washu would be immediately notified. She then joined Kiyone and 
Mihoshi in caring for the children. Ryo-ohki had calmed down and was now eating 
a carrot while Kiyone praised her for her bravery and taking care of May. 
Mihoshi had finished giving Mayuka a proper meal, and was now changing her. She 
was worried about the rash Mayuka had from having to wear a diaper for so long, 
but after examining May, Washu was able to cure it easily. Mayuka was extremely 
tired by now, and needed her mother's presence. 
  Seeing how tired May was, Washu lay her on Ryoko's shoulder. She then 
positioned Ryoko's arms so Ryoko was cradling Mayuka. May soon fell asleep, 
happy to have her mother back. Washu then put a light blanket over the infant 
and headed to the holding cells. She had to unlock the cells holding the 
original four, including her daughter's rapists. Roberts and the two other men 
had already been handcuffed and charged with criminal threatening, conspiracy 
and kidnapping. Washu first released the other two shooters. "Please state your 
names for the record", Kiyone said. "Yoshinaka Hosakawa","Kenshin Takeda" 
replied the two men. "You are under arrest for conspiracy and assault upon a 
citizen of the Galactic Union. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you 
say may be used against you at the trial. You have the right to request an 
attorney. If you have no money, a public defender will be assigned", Kiyone 
formally stated as Mihoshi handcuffed them. They were then led to the shuttle, 
where Mihoshi secured them in the brig.
  Washu found herself shaking as she opened the cells holding Jackson and 
Malone. Here were the men who had raped her daughter and then locked her in the 
cold darkness. She had to tell Kiyone and Mihoshi what had happened to Ryoko, 
but the words were stuck like bile in her mouth. As Kiyone charged them with 
felony assault, kidnapping and conspiracy, the two sneered at the charges. 
Seeing how they acted made Washu's temper flare and gave her the strength to 
confront them with their perfidy. "Kiyone wait, there's another charge that I 
want brought against these two.", Washu spat out. Kiyone and Mihoshi both looked 
at Washu, while Jackson and Malone became distinctly uneasy. In a cold, deadly 
voice Washu said,"These monsters RAPED MY DAUGHTER!! I want them to PAY for what 
they've done to my baby". 
  All three women looked at Washu in disbelief. It couldn't be true, but one 
look at Washu's face and the two men's reaction convinced them. Barely 
controlling herself, Kiyone faced the two. "Harold Jackson, James Malone you are 
each charged with aggravated sexual assault, commonly known as rape, of Ryoko 
Hakubi. Mihoshi lock them up with the others, I'll be along shortly. Minagi, go 
with her.", Kiyone said. After they left, Kiyone then turned to Washu. "Washu, I 
have to examine and photograph Ryoko. I don't doubt your equipment, but any 
defense lawyer worth his salt will say that any information from just your scans 
will be biased. An independent scan that has been logged into evidence will make 
sure there's no chance of overturning on appeal.", she stated. Washu agreed, but 
the thought of Ryoko's condition being exposed like this made her stomach turn.
   Washu led Kiyone to Ryoko's bed. Kiyone's jaw dropped at the vacant 
expression on Ryoko's face. It was Ryoko's eyes that truly shook her though. Her 
eyes had always been full of life and passion, but now they were dull and empty. 
Picking Mayuka up, Washu motioned for Kiyone to proceed. Her gorge rose at the 
still visible bruises on Ryoko, but Kiyone ruthlessly clamped down on her 
emotions. She had a job to do, and it would do no good to lose control now. 
Opening a channel with Yukinojo, Kiyone then started to gather evidence.
   First, she started with the basics. She entered Ryoko's stats, the time, both 
local and Galactic, and place. She then stated the purpose of the examination 
and the specific charges that any evidence found would be used for. She then had 
Yukinojo verify that the sensors in her watch were working properly. Upon 
verification, Kiyone ran several scans. An external scan, both full body and 
enlarged area of the bruising, was first. Next, an internal scan was performed 
and all information was logged in and locked under a secure passworded file. 
This file would only be opened in the presence of both the prosecution and 
defense lawyers, thus preserving the integrity of the evidence.
  Washu then handed over the bloody towel. After scanning the blood and semen on 
it, the towel was then sealed in a evidence bag. It would be made available to 
the defense for their own analysis. Finally, Kiyone obtained several swabs from 
Ryoko. These too were scanned and then sealed in evidence bags. Once she was 
finished and Ryoko was covered up once more, Kiyone barely had time to grab a 
trashcan before she threw up. Both she and Mihoshi had done this to other rape 
victims in the course of their jobs, but never did they expect to have it happen 
to a member of their family. The Masaki home had been a sanctuary against the 
sometimes brutal nature of their jobs, and now that sanctuary had been violated.
  Kiyone remembered when she had been rescued by Ryoko. Once she got over the 
initial shock at meeting the infamous pirate, she had asked Ryoko how she 
avoided capture for the past 700 years. Ryoko had given her a terse account of 
her imprisonment, release and subsequent pardon by Jurai and the Galactic Union. 
Kiyone had noted Ryoko's avoidance of how she was imprisoned, but held her 
peace. They had gone to Central so that Kiyone could let the GP know she was 
indeed alive and start the process of rebuilding her life. Once there she had 
looked up Ryoko's file. While Captain Nobeyama had censored the information 
about Jurai's secrets, the details of Ryoko's imprisonment had been left 
unedited. 
  Kiyone was horrified at what she read. To her thinking, Yosho had violated 
Ryoko's civil rights and acted like a vigilante. She had never been given the 
benefit of a fair trial and been locked in a prison that was worse than the 
Supermax for galaxy's worst criminals. It went against all the reasons Kiyone 
joined the Galaxy Police and the rule of law that she had sworn an oath to 
uphold and protect. When she had confronted Ryoko with this, Ryoko had bitterly 
replied,"It was nothing less than what I deserved, Kiyone. I was a monster back 
then and had to be stopped."
   "Yes Yosho locked me in that hellhole for 700 years, but he also gave me 
Tenchi. For me, the scales were balanced when Tenchi killed that bastard Kagato 
and freed me forever. Now for the first time in my entire life, I have a place 
that I can call home. I even have my mother back, though we don't get along. 
What good would it do to bring charges against Yosho? Can those lost years be 
given back or all the pain I've been through taken away? No, it would just 
destroy the only peace and happiness that I've ever known. I'll never be locked 
away in that place again, so the subject is closed as far as I'm concerned."
  Kiyone hadn't brought it up again, but she was determined to get an answer 
from Yosho. When they arrived on Earth, it had been awhile before she could talk 
to him. First, there had been the emotional reunion with Mihoshi and then the 
integration into the Masaki houshold. Finally, she had managed to see Yosho 
privately in the shrine office. Yosho had offered her some green tea and 
inquired what was on her mind. "Prince Yosho, I find your method of imprisoning 
Ryoko to be reprehensible. If it were up to me, I'd have you arrested and 
brought up on charges for such a blatant violation of her rights. However, Ryoko 
has stated that she has no wish to pursue such charges, so for now my hands are 
tied.", Kiyone said.
  She had expected him to protest, or even deny such an accusation. Instead, he 
looked away in shame, unable to face her. The horror of what happened to Ryoko 
in the cave had haunted him for years. He had thought she would stay asleep, but 
she had woken up only a couple of days after he sealed the cave. Now he was 
being confronted with his sins and honor demanded he answer for them. Facing her 
once more, Yosho replied,"Officer Makibi, I have had to live with what happened 
for 700 years now. I can never make restitution to her, but I have tried by 
giving her a home and her first real friend, my grandson Tenchi. Let me tell the 
whole story, so you can decide for yourself."
  "Even before she attacked Jurai, it had been suspected her power was related 
to Jurai's. When Ryoko was able to penetrate our defenses with such ease, our 
suspicions were confirmed. Though she was a serious threat, Tsunami forbade her 
death. She would only say that Ryoko and Ryo-ohki weren't responsible for their 
actions. I managed to drive her off and then chased her, to stop her once and 
for all. We ended up over the Earth, where Funaho shot Ryo-ohki down. Funaho was 
also injured, but could still fly, so I was able to land. Ryoko attacked the 
second I left the ship. I don't know how long we fought, but our battle was the 
stuff of legend."
  "As we fought, I noticed something odd. For someone as powerful and skilled as 
she was, Ryoko wasn't as focused as she should have been. Any change of tactics 
caused her to go on the defensive, with almost no counterattack. In the end, I 
was able to use this against her, and stabbed her in the throat. Immediately, 
Tenchiken drew her gems into itself, while Ryoko screamed and struggled. As the 
last gem was taken, she went limp and her eyes cleared. Just before she fell 
unconscious, I looked into her eyes and saw not a monster, but a frightened 
child. Ryo-ohki then cried like a child as well. I had Funaho try and 
communicate with Ryo-ohki, and to our surprise, she talked. She told us that 
they were both forced by Kagato to attack Jurai in order to steal Tsunami. Ryo-
ohki then showed us images of Ryoko's life under Kagato and begged us not to 
kill her soulmate."
  "I was sickened by what I saw, and understood why Tsunami didn't want Ryoko 
killed, though how Tsunami knew was a mystery. Ryo-ohki then told us that Kagato 
would come after them and punish them for their failure. I came to a decision 
then and told Ryo-ohki I would do what I could to protect them. First, I had 
Funaho keep Ryoko asleep while I found a more permanent solution. There was a 
nearby cave with a larger cavern inside that would shield her from Kagato's 
scans. I carved out a pool in the larger cavern and cut channels in the floor 
that would dissipate any energy scans directed at it. Once the cave was 
prepared, I sealed Ryoko inside and used Tenchiken to insure that she received 
only enough energy to sustain her life. I wanted her to sleep for the next 700 
years, the time it would take for the arrest warrants to expire. Funaho then 
convinced Ryo-ohki to sleep until she heard her mistress once more."
  "I then rested and waited for Funaho to recover from the battle. Originally, I 
was going to return to Jurai long enough to make my report and then give up my 
position of Crown Prince. That changed when a few days later, Funaho reported 
that Ryoko had awoken. Her screams were like nothing I had heard or have ever 
heard since. I couldn't release her because that would expose her to Kagato's 
scans. Ryoko had been unjustly condenmed to spend the next 700 years in complete 
darkness and isolation because of me. I sat in front of the cave numb to world, 
the horror of what I'd done overwhelming me. Some people from the nearby village 
who had come to investigate found me and took me back with them."
   "I was put in the care of the local priest. Slowly, he healed my broken 
spirit. Eventually, he got me to talk about what happened. I told him that I'd 
fought a demon and locked her in the cave. He seemed to accept my story and 
asked what I planned to do. By this time I had fallen in love with his daughter, 
and I asked him if I might stay and become a priest. He agreed and in time I 
married his daughter and started using my mother's family name. I no longer 
considered myself worthy of the Jurai name. I then let Funaho take root in the 
pond, and vowed I would live the rest of my life on Earth. Ayeka's Ryu-oh 
appeared in solar system about then. She had followed my trail when I didn't 
return, and put herself in suspended animation. Sasami had come with her, and 
also was in suspended animation. Tsunami also showed up, looking for Ryoko."
  "Tsunami grieved when she heard what had happened. While she didn't agree with 
my decision to live on Earth, neither did she hold it against me. She went into 
hiding, waiting for the day of Ryoko's release. I acquired the land around the 
cave and built the Masaki shrine. I believed that I would have the lifespan of a 
human without the Water of Jurai and was very surprised when I aged slowly. 
Funaho still had power to keep me young, evidently. I attributed it to Tsunami's 
influence and took steps to prevent people from noticing my extended life. I 
changed my name many times and created records that passed ownership of the 
shrine to each new name."
  "I kept watch over Ryoko's cave to insure she wasn't accidentally released. 
Had she escaped before those warrants expired, she would been hunted down and 
never given a chance at life. She had stopped screaming, but I knew she was 
still in agony. Then about 150 years ago, Funaho reported an energy surge. 
Somehow, Ryoko had used the energy alloted her by Tenchiken to create a replica 
gem. While not powerful enough to break the seal, it did allow Ryoko to project 
her astral form and see and hear the outside world. I visited the cave several 
times at first to see how she was doing. She spent her time watching the world 
around her, seeing life for the first time without Kagato's influence. While I 
could see her and hear her, I didn't acknowledge her presence. I was too ashamed 
to face her and ask forgiveness."
  "When Tenchi was born, I could feel his power even then. I knew that this was 
the person who could succeed me as Crown Prince. A few months later, Achika told 
me that he had looked at the cave as if he saw someone, even though no one was 
there. He could see Ryoko even as a baby. As he grew up, he would play in front 
of the cave and tell Achika about the lady who was his playmate. Achika thought 
it was Tenchi's imagination, but I knew the truth. Ryoko had found out what it 
meant to have a friend and was beginning to grow up."
   "Achika's death was a crushing blow to Tenchi. He ran out of the house when 
he received the news. Hours later, I found him in front of the cave. He had 
cried himself to sleep, and Ryoko was next to him trying to comfort him. I see 
it in her eyes that she truly cared about him. I picked Tenchi up and looked 
directly at her. She was shocked when I thanked her for watching over him. I 
decided then that Tenchi would be the one who would set her free."
   "He lost the ability to see Ryoko after Achika's death. I kept him interested 
in the cave by forbidding him to enter it and telling stories of the demon that 
slept inside. Like any child, the more I forbade him from going to cave, the 
more he went just to see what was in there. I also began teaching him how use a 
sword. He would need to be able to use Tenchiken when Kagato came looking for 
her. Ryoko wasn't strong enough to resist Kagato's mind control and would need a 
protector."
  "I made a mistake the day of her release. I let Tenchi think he had managed to 
take the keys to cave. He immediately unlocked the door and discovered 
Tenchiken. Funaho then told me the seal was broken and Ryoko's power level had 
increased. Shortly afterward, Tenchi came running back, looking like he'd seen a 
monster. I sensed Ryoko leaving the cave, but she didn't do anything afterward. 
What I'd failed to consider was the effect prolonged projection would have on 
her body. Had I gone into the cave with Tenchi, I could have made him stay in 
the cave long enough for Ryoko to show she meant him no harm. Instead, she was 
hurt by Tenchi running away. She took her anger out on him and his school, but 
he managed to defeat her. I later heard that she showed up in his bed, which I 
found rather amusing."
  "After Ayeka showed up and they moved the house next to the shrine, I kept a 
close eye on Ryoko. I needed to know what her mental state was, and was she a 
danger to herself or others? Her actions and words gave me hope. While she 
avoided chores, teased Ayeka unmercifully, and chased Tenchi at every 
oppurtunity, she never tried to hurt anyone. She let Sasami have the reborn Ryo-
ohki as a playmate, only used a fraction of her strength and power while 
fighting with Ayeka, and did try to behave herself. What I didn't count on was 
Ayeka falling in love with Tenchi as well. I was worried at first, but my fears 
were set at ease when I watched her trying to win Tenchi's heart. The court 
rituals that she had learned had no meaning to him, and her temper could be just 
as vile as Ryoko's. This meant she was on equal footing with Ryoko, and I 
settled back to watch the show."
  "Kagato's appearance was much sooner than I expected. When he managed to 
defeat Tenchi and take control of Ryoko, I was forced to reveal myself. You've 
read the report, so you know what happened next. When they came back with Washu, 
I was amazed to learn she was Ryoko's mother. I thought she would be able to 
help Ryoko at first, but I soon discovered that Washu had serious emotional 
problems of her own. A wide rift developed between them, and I feared that it 
would never heal. Babysitting Taro was what started healing the rift. Later, 
Washu's explanation of how she created Ryoko and Ryo-ohki solved the mystery of 
why Ryoko had woken up. The Masu that were bonded to her had provided a separate 
source of energy, and incredible powers of regeneration. Ryo-ohki possesed the 
same power, but she was able to control her power level so Kagato hadn't been 
able to detect her. I kept my own power quiet, which is why Ayeka couldn't find 
me when she arrived on Earth. Ryoko had no knowledge or free will to be able to 
do this, so Kagato would have been able to find her had the cave not shielded 
her. He had used Ryoko to control Ryo-ohki, so he had never really bothered to 
break Ryo-ohki's will."
  "Recently, Ryoko has stopped her fighting with Ayeka. She's finally learned 
that Tenchi cares about her, but is not interested making a committment just 
yet. Also, I think that she's grown out of the pointless bickering and arguing. 
Her trips into space have been to see the universe as her own person, not as 
Kagato's slave. Now that I've told you everything, I hope you can understand why 
I've let Tenchi deal with Ryoko. I've caused her enough harm, and can never ask 
her to forgive me.", Yosho said as he finished his tale.
  Kiyone hadn't spoken during Yosho's story. While he had locked her in the 
cave, it was clear that he had tried to look after her welfare. However, he had 
also kept her sealed away even though she was awake. At the very least, he could 
have faced Ryoko when she had projected herself. Coming to a decision, Kiyone 
replied,"Prince Yosho, what you did was still wrong, even if it was done to 
protect her. Leaving her awake in the darkness was psychological torture of the 
worst kind. Not talking to her after she was able to leave the cave in spirit 
merely added to the cruelty. You should have released her and contacted the 
Galaxy Police. We could have found a better solution, one that would have 
treated her with dignity and respect. I can't arrest you, but I hope that you 
someday pay for what you have done.".
   She then got up and headed toward the door. As she was about to leave, Yosho 
spoke once more. In a much younger voice, he said,"Kiyone, I have paid for my 
crimes.". Spinning around, she saw that Yosho was now a young man, with no hint 
of old age. Seeing her expression, Yosho explained,"I didn't tell you the whole 
truth. It wasn't Tsunami's power that has kept me and Funaho alive, but Ryoko's 
gems. So long as those gems remain in Tenchiken, I will stay as young as you see 
me and Funaho will keep her power. On the day Ryoko reclaims the other two gems, 
I will become mortal and will begin to die. What will happen neither I nor 
Funaho know exactly. Either the years will catch up all at once  and we will 
both die, or I will age like a normal human and Funaho will become  an ordinary 
tree. Until then, I live on borrowed time. My mother is the only other person 
who knows this. I ask that you not reveal what I've shown you, as I don't want 
Ryoko or Tenchi thinking that they must keep her gems in Tenchiken. Those gems 
are her birthright, and should be returned when she is ready to reclaim them. "
   Kiyone had agreed to Yosho's request. Now Ryoko had been locked once more in 
that hellish place, and it had caused her mind to retreat deep into itself. This 
time however, Kiyone would see to it the law was followed. Ryoko had been 
unjustly declared one of the galaxy's most wanted criminals and she had never 
really trusted or believed in the law after her pardon. She still unconsciously 
flinched whenever she saw a police uniform. Ryoko would most likely would want 
revenge upon the two men who had raped her and locked her in the cave. This 
couldn't be allowed, it would only make matters worse. She had to be shown that 
the law applied to all. No matter what, Jackson and Malone had to be tried and 
convicted in a court of law. Otherwise, Ryoko would always believe she had no 
rights, no value as a person. 
  Everyone went into the kitchen where Washu prepared a meal. While no one was 
very hungry, they needed this bit of normalcy to help cope with everything that 
had happened. After eating, everyone was ready for bed when the holocomp's alarm 
went off. Immediately, they all rushed to Ryoko's bedside. Ryoko's eyes had 
closed and her face had a calm expression on it. Washu tried to wake her, but 
had no luck. The link was still quiet and there was no activity on her conscious 
level, only her subconscious. Still, Washu felt her first real glimmer of hope. 
On some deep level, Ryoko knew she was safe. Now it was only a matter of finding 
a way to bring her out of her present state.
  The next morning, they all had a discussion about what to do. After a heated 
argument, Washu was persuaded to take Ryoko to Galaxy Police Seventh 
Headquarters for medical treatment. Mihoshi pointed out that Ryoko's condition 
had to be independently verified in order to build a complete case against the 
attackers. Kiyone also told Washu that as Ryoko's mother, she couldn't maintain 
the objectivity needed to help her daughter. Healing the mind was far different 
from healing the body, which Washu had done on numerous occasions for all of 
them. While in transit, Kiyone would contact Jurai. Because Earth was a Juraian 
Protectorate, the Royal Family and the Council had to be involved. The raiders 
would be processed and brought before a grand jury. Both GP's dreaded what would 
happen when the media found out. The trial had the potential of turning into a 
circus, given Ryoko's reputation and the charges against the men.
  While in transit to HQ, Kiyone ran into a problem. One of the peculiarities of 
Jurai's government was the fact so many of the beauracrats were related in 
someway to the Royal Family. The result of this was the fact important posts 
often went to someone who had connections, not someone who actually qualified 
for the job. The person on duty when Kiyone called was one such example. A minor 
noble with an over-inflated sense of self importance, he considered people who 
weren't of noble blood to be low priority. The fact that Kiyone was one of the 
Galaxy Police liasons to the Crown Prince and Princess of Jurai and had every 
right to demand access to the Royal Family escaped him. Her continued calls only 
succeeded in him putting a block on her transmission signal, so that other 
shifts were unaware of her calling. Mihoshi tried calling her grandfather for 
help, but he was unavailable for the next several days.
  By the time they reached HQ three days later, Kiyone was boiling mad. A 
potential crisis was brewing, and some moron with a pea-sized brain was 
deliberately holding her up. Kiyone and Mihoshi were also worried about Washu. 
She hadn't been able to reach Ryoko through their link, no matter how hard she 
tried. Ryoko had awoken when they left Earth, and had settled into a pattern of 
waking and sleeping, but that was the only activity she displayed. She still was 
withdrawn from reality and needed around the clock care. Minagi helped with both 
Ryoko's and Mayuka's care, but it was Washu who did the majority of work. She 
refused to leave her daughter's side, determined to be there for Ryoko. She 
hardly slept or ate, and the GP's feared she was headed for a breakdown of her 
own.
  Once they reached HQ, Ryoko was moved into the medical ward under a veil of 
secrecy, while the raiders were quietly booked and arraigned. Wearing Ryoko's 
clothes and hiding her scars, Minagi acted as a decoy. The longer the media 
didn't find out what was happening, the better. It was absolutely vital that 
Kiyone reach the Royals before GHK News blared the truth across the galaxy. She 
could just imagine everyone's reaction if they saw it on television. Kiyone was 
racking her brains on how get word to the family when she saw a newscast that 
the Royals would be holding an open press conference about the new Crown Prince 
in two days. While Yukinojo couldn't make the journey in time, Ryo-ohki could. 
Quickly, Kiyone formed a plan. Minagi possessed a similar link with Ryo-ohki, so 
she could pilot her and take Kiyone directly to Jurai. Once there, Kiyone was 
confident she could convince the defense Officer of the Day that she was in 
charge of the battleship. She would fly directly from the perimeter defenses to 
the courtyard where the news conference would be held and speak to Lady Funaho 
personally.
  Minagi and Ryo-ohki immediately agreed to Kiyone's request. Mihoshi would take 
care of Mayuka, and start interrogation of the two rapists. Kiyone had already 
played the "bad cop" with them and now Mihoshi played the "good cop" of the 
routine. That was what it appeared to most onlookers, but in reality, their 
roles were reversed. A personality quirk that was left over from her child 
persona was Mihoshi's ability to talk endlessly with complete emotional range. 
She could make the toughest criminal crack and be begging to confess simply by 
talking on and on. Depending on the subject, she'd be crying her eyes out or 
giggling like some child. The best part was fact since she wasn't abusive or 
threatening, any confession obtained was admissable in court.
  Kiyone remembered one memorable case. A real slimeball lawyer had said his 
client had been subject to torture and therefore his confession was 
inadmissable. Most defense lawyers had a sense of duty and ethics but there were 
some who were nothing but a blight, taking cases strictly for money or the 
publicity the case would generate. This lawyer fell into the latter category. 
Kiyone had taken great pleasure at watching him squirm while listening to the 
tape of Mihoshi talking. She did however sympathize with the judge who also had 
to listen with them. Because Mihoshi was respectful to the suspect at all times 
and never once denied him his basic rights, the judge was forced to admit the 
confession was valid. Kiyone did wonder what maggots would crawl out from the 
woodwork to defend the attackers, but that would have to wait until later.
  Kiyone and Minagi left in Ryo-ohki that day. They flew a normal flight vector 
at a sedate speed, doing nothing out of the ordinary. Once beyond sensor range 
of HQ, Ryo-ohki went to full speed and set a direct course for Jurai. She was as 
worried about Ryoko and Washu as everyone else and understood time was of the 
essence. Kiyone was planning what to say once they met up Jurai's perimeter 
defenses and what needed to be done to make a case. All of the evidence gathered 
so far would mean nothing if was thrown out of court due to procedural errors or 
some other technicality. As they sped to Jurai, the three of them knew that it 
would be a long time before life could ever be considered normal again.
  
  The day of the press conference started with a beautiful dawn on planet Jurai. 
The morning sun shone in Tenchi's room, waking him as was his custom. As he 
dressed, he thought about all he seen and experienced on this trip. During the 
flight to Jurai, Ayeka and Lady Funaho had taught him the basics of court 
protocol. Misaki had trained with him and Yosho in order to see for herself what 
his skill level was. While she admitted his swordmanship was excellent, she 
expressed disapproval at the paucity of his unarmed combat skills. To prove her 
point, she had made him attack with all kinds of weapons while she faced him 
unarmed. Each time, Tenchi found himself disarmed and flat on his back, the last 
time out cold. While she was a loving person, on the training ground Misaki was 
worse than a drill instructor. She was the head of the Imperial Bodyguard for a 
good reason, and had earned her position entirely through merit. 
  When he woke up, Tenchi was treated to the rare sight of his grandfather 
actually having the stuffing knocked out of him. Misaki was letting Yosho know 
what she thought of the gap in Tenchi's training in her own way. While Yosho 
could equal her in swordmanship, overall Misaki was the better fighter. Before 
she was even finished, Yosho was swearing by Tsunami that Tenchi would be 
brought up to speed. He had never really liked unarmed combat when he started 
training, but Yosho was getting a painful reminder of how those skills were just 
as dangerous as a sword. When Funaho walked in on their training session, all 
she said was that Yosho should have paid more attention to Misaki's lessons.
  When they arrived on Jurai, Tenchi got to see Ayeka in a new light. She 
displayed a poise and self-confidence in court functions that he had never seen. 
Ayeka was every inch a true Princess. Regal instead of haughty, serene instead 
of aloof, she dealt with both servants and court functionaries in a quiet manner 
that was a welcome relief to those who remembered her before. Now that she had 
found true friendship and love, she didn't have to act so horribly towards 
others. More than one person had to convince themselves that this was indeed the 
real princess. Ayeka did wish however that Ryoko could be there to share her 
thoughts. She would love to see some of those court egos get deflated by Ryoko's 
sharp wit. As someone who had been a pirate, Ryoko would have been able to get 
away with telling those twits what she really thought. Also, she would have 
loved the fireworks and parades that marked the celebration of Startica.
    Tenchi found attending the Council meetings to be less intimidating then he 
thought. In fact, in some ways they were down right boring. He quickly learned 
which members of the Council actually had a brain, and which were nothing more 
than sycophants after power. The Council accepted him with a certain wariness, 
unsure what to make of this person with such power. His introduction to the 
general population went much easier. Yosho had been a hero to many, and the fact 
Tenchi was his grandson facilitated his acceptance. Ayeka and Sasami were 
enthusiatically welcomed home as well. When Ayeka and Tenchi confirmed the rumor 
that Ryoko lived with them, the people accepted this rather well. It well known 
how protective Queen Misaki was of her children. Since she allowed Ryoko to stay 
with Ayeka and Sasami, people figured Ryoko must have indeed been Kagato's 
unwilling slave. If Ryoko had actually been a threat, Misaki would have done 
everything in her power to see her destroyed.
  The purpose of the conference scheduled for today was a general question and 
answer session. So many rumors and half-truths were being told about the Masaki 
home and family that it was decided to set the record straight. Everyone was 
determined to see that whole truth about Ryoko was brought out as well. This was 
a chance for the galaxy to know what a wonderful person she truly was, and the 
tragic circumstances of her life. Tenchi had a very special gift planned for his 
daughter's birthday as well. It had taken a lot of persuasion of the Royal 
Council, but in the end, Ryoko had been legally declared Mayuka's mother. No 
matter who he chose, Ryoko would be able to raise Mayuka as her child. The 
Royals supported his wish, having seen the bond that existed between the two. 
  As Tenchi and Ayeka watched the preparations for the conference, they both 
wondered how Ryoko was doing. Her absence from the trip had made Ayeka and 
Tenchi feel like a vital part of themselves was missing. Having spent the 
majority of her life in more than one form of hell, Ryoko knew what was truly 
important to her. Her home and family, that was the only thing that mattered. 
Her appreciation of the simple things in life was a needed balance against the 
responsibilities and obligations of the Crown. They hoped that Ryoko would see 
the conference, and learn that she wasn't hated on Jurai like she thought she 
was.
   A long table was setup in the courtyard, with several row of chairs in front. 
Funaho,Tenchi,Yosho,Ayeka, and Sasami would sit facing the reporters and 
cameramen. Misaki was in charge of security, and while she understood the need 
of the conference, she was still nervous. The thought of so many of the Royal 
Family in the open as a target was a bodyguard's nightmare. She had the Imperial 
Bodyguard out in full force, both uniformed and plainclothes. Azusa would be 
unable to attend, but did say he would watch what he could. Finally, all 
preparations were finished and the conference was ready to begin. 
  Funaho spoke first,"Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I've called this press 
conference in order to introduce the new Crown Prince of Jurai, Tenchi Masaki." 
At this statement, Tenchi stood up so the cameras could focus on him. After 
allowing a minute, he sat down and let Funaho continue. "He is the grandson of 
Prince Yosho, who relinquished his claim to the throne some time ago. Prince 
Tenchi is from my homeworld of Earth, Jurai Colony 0315. This planet is a non-
interference world, under the protection of Jurai and the Galaxy Police. As you 
may have already heard, Ryoko Hakubi, known as the Space Pirate Ryoko, currently 
resides in his home along with her mother, Washu Hakubi and the spaceship Ryo-
ohki. Jurai's Holy Council has given them leave to reside on Earth, and 
Princesses Ayeka and Sasami have also resided for the past several years there 
as well."
  Once the murmuring had subsided, Funaho then said,"Prince Tenchi was made 
aware of his heritage only a few years ago, so we have held off introducing him 
until he was ready. He has been formally acknowledged as Prince Yosho's 
successor and wielder of Tenchiken. Now that you have met him, we will answer 
questions from the floor. Please be aware that due Earth's status, only general 
questions about his home are allowed. The specific coordinates and questions 
about the people and culture of the planet are classified. I can say that he is 
from the same general area that I was born in."
  After she finished speaking, a man in the front row raised his hand. After 
being acknowledged, he spoke,"Kenzo Miura, GHK News. The question I have is how 
did Ryoko end up living in your home and how did you learn of Kagato's control 
over her?". Yosho then gave a short explanation of Ryoko's capture, imprisonment 
and release. He left out the fact that she was awake the majority of the time, 
though he did say that her time in the cave had left psychic scars. Ayeka and 
Tenchi related Kagato's attack and his subsequent death at Tenchi's hands. No 
mention was made of the Lighthawk Wings, only the fact that it took Tsunami's 
help to defeat him. 
  A young woman then spoke,"Sandy Ashikaga, Juraian Post. Princess Ayeka, when 
you left Jurai you hated Ryoko and swore she would pay for her crimes. Now you 
are one of her staunchest defenders and by some sources her best friend. Could 
you please explain what caused such a change?". Ayeka replied,"It wasn't easy 
for either one of us. We didn't get along when we first met. She thought I was a 
spoiled brat and I thought she was a demon. The only thing we agreed on was our 
love for Tenchi. Those were the only times we didn't fight. Otherwise we were 
constantly at each others throats and ended up usually destroying part of the 
house. Sometimes, I wonder why Tenchi didn't throw us both out."
  "Ryoko tried more than once to make friends with me at first. I refused to 
believe she was anything but a monster and spurned her peace offerings. Her 
friendship with Sasami also was hard to accept. I saw her as a bad influence on 
my sister, when actually Sasami was a very good influence on Ryoko. I got my 
first hint of Ryoko's true nature when she let Sasami have Ryo-ohki as playmate. 
She didn't ask for anything in return, she simply enjoyed watching the two of 
them play. It was only when Kagato came after Ryoko that my eyes were opened."
  "I watched Kagato take control of Ryoko's mind and turn her into the monster 
that attacked Jurai. He took great pleasure in treating her like a toy.  When we 
boarded Soja, I was briefly his prisoner and felt for a brief time what it must 
have been like for Ryoko. He tried to invade my mind, and it was only with 
Tsunami's help that I resisted. Ryoko was kidnapped as a child and had no such 
protection. Her mother Washu was imprisoned aboard Soja, so Ryoko grew up 
without anyone to show her love. Later, when Ryoko fought Kagato, I saw how 
powerful she truly was. Even with only a replica gem, she was physically more 
powerful than Kagato. She could have easily killed me at anytime during our 
fights. At one point during the battle, I was almost killed by a falling pillar. 
Ryoko could have just let me die, but she saved me without hesitation."
  "After we got back home, I made a small gesture of friendship to her. Washu 
had enabled us to receive galactic broadcasts, so I showed a passion of mine to 
her, soap operas. She was hooked immediately, and we watched them together all 
the time. We still fought, but we also spent more and more time getting along 
with each other. The fact she had held onto her humanity while a slave to Kagato 
was a testament to her strength of character."
  "A few years ago we both stopped fighting and actually admitted we liked each 
other. She proved to be a true friend, giving me advice and helping me when I 
had a problem. Mentally, she is about my age so I could talk to her as an equal. 
Recently, she has let us see what a warm and caring person she truly is. I 
freely admit that I was wrong about her at first, and am now proud to call her 
my best friend." 
   A large man in the back row then raised his hand,"Yoshihiro Ouchi, Jurai 
Herald. Princess Sasami, is it true that you do all the cooking at Prince 
Tenchi's house? Princess Ayeka, it is said you also do chores along with Ryoko." 
Sasami replied,"When we were stranded on Earth, Tenchi invited us both to stay 
with him. In gratitude, we helped around his house. His mother died when he was 
young and his father had to work long hours, so the meals tended to be quick and 
easy. I asked if I could try my hand at cooking and discovered I had a real 
talent for it. I soon took over the kitchen, and now I rule there. " Ayeka 
added,"I also helped around the house. One of reasons Ryoko and I also fought 
was while I was doing chores, she would be sleeping somewhere. I thought she was 
lazy and irresponsible, but I was wrong about that also. After we became 
friends, I found out that she had trouble sleeping at night, due to the 
nightmares she suffered from. Her enslavement under Kagato and imprisonment in 
the cave left her afraid of the dark. She simply found it easier to sleep during 
the day, preferably in the sunlight. Recently she has been doing more than her 
fair share of  work."
    It was at that point a guard ran up to Funaho and announced that Ryo-ohki 
was descending toward the planet. Sumi, the Juraian noble who had been one of 
the suitors for Ayeka's hand, was in charge of the defense perimeter that day. 
He had been very surprised when Kiyone contacted him from the ship. She 
convinced him that she had to speak to Lady Funaho. While Kiyone didn't give out 
the details, she did say Ryoko had been attacked and had suffered severe trauma. 
After listening to her, he had given them permission to enter Jurai and passed 
word to the planet. Kiyone was relieved that the person in charge had actually 
listened to her.
   The cameras broadcast Ryo-ohki's appearance over the courtyard. A transport 
beam dropped a teal-haired woman in a Galaxy Police uniform first. A woman who 
bore an uncanny resemblance to Ryoko, but with crescent scars on her cheeks was 
next. Then the great ship shrunk into a small creature that ran to Sasami and 
jumped into her arms. She was crying piteously and everyone wondered what was 
wrong. 
  Kiyone walked over to the table, the cameras following her. Turning to face 
them, she said,"I am Special Agent Makibi of the Galaxy Police. I am here to 
speak privately with the Royal Family on an urgent matter. Please stay back 
until I'm finished.". Reluctantly, the reporters and cameramen backed off. All 
of their instincts told them that a major news story was in the air. Once she 
was sure she couldn't be overheard, she switched off the microphones on the 
table. Kiyone then asked Misaki to join them, and had Minagi insure the 
reporters kept their distance.
  "Everyone listen up.", Kiyone said,"The house was attacked last week and Ryoko 
was imprisoned in the cave.". Everyone was startled by Kiyone's last sentence. 
They all knew the terror Ryoko had of the cave, and now she had been locked in 
there again. Holding up her hand for silence, she gave them a full account of 
what happened and Ryoko's present condition. After listening to her tale, Funaho 
was furious. Jurai maintained secret contact with the leaders of the major 
nations as well as the U.N. . They all knew that Masaki household was off-
limits. Somehow, that information hadn't been passed down or else the raiders 
had learned the truth on their own. Either way, she would make it quite clear to 
the Japanese and U.S. governments that the Masaki home and shrine were Jurai 
territory. The raiders would face Galactic Law. Funaho was also determined that 
there would be no more raids of this type ever again.
  Once everyone had digested the news, Kiyone gathered herself for a moment. 
"Tenchi, there's something else I have to tell you. Brace yourself, you are not 
going to want to hear this.". Tenchi looked at her, wondering what could have 
happened. "Ryoko was raped by the two men who locked her in the cave.", Kiyone 
quietly said. A universal "WHAAATT??!!" echoed across the courtyard as everyone 
jumped from their chairs. They couldn't believe what Kiyone said, it was too 
horrible to contemplate. Yet they knew Kiyone spoke the truth. Ayeka buried her 
face into Tenchi's arm. Ryoko was like a sister to her, and a dagger pierced her 
heart at Kiyone's words. 
  Misaki noticed the reporters watching them all. She motioned to Funaho, who 
realized some statement had to be made. Moving to the front of the table, she 
spoke to the cameras. "Everyone, a situation has developed on Earth. We must go 
to the Seventh Headquarters to coordinate with the Galaxy Police. A full 
statement will be made in one week. Until then, this conference is over.", 
Funaho stated. 
  Turning to Sasami, Funaho asked her how soon the battleship Tsunami would be 
ready to leave. Minagi said Ryo-ohki was willing to fly them back, but Funaho 
declined. Ryo-ohki had pushed herself to the limit and she was clearly 
exhausted. Sasami told them that Tsunami was ready to leave at anytime. Her 
parents still didn't know of her assimilation with Tsunami, though she was 
beginning to resemble Tsunami more and more. She kept the fiction that she was 
bonded to the First Tree mostly because she couldn't find the words to explain 
what happened. Upon hearing Sasami's confirmation, everyone went into the palace 
to make the necessary preparations for the trip.
  Azusa was livid at the news. He wholeheartedly agreed with Kiyone's desire to 
prosecute the men under Galactic Law. Azusa issued a statement confirming that 
Kiyone and Mihoshi did have legal jurisdiction as liasons to Juraian Royalty. 
Earth was normally off limits to the Galaxy Police, due to it's non-interference 
status. Without this statement, defense attorneys could say that the evidence 
was obtained illegally and therefore not admissable. Ryoko and Ryo-ohki weren't 
Juraian citizens, so their case had to be tried in Galactic Court. Even though 
Mayuka was a Princess of Jurai, Kiyone convinced Azusa to let her kidnapping be 
also tried in Galactic Court. It would simplify matters to keep all the raiders 
in one trial.
  The two day trip to Seventh Headquarters was nerve wracking for everyone. The 
thought of Ryoko being violated while helpless and then reduced to her present 
state had shaken them. Tenchi and Ayeka spent most of the journey holding 
eaching other, needing the physical contact to share the pain they both felt. 
Tenchi was also worried about how Ryoko would react to the news of her rape. 
Outwardly strong and devil-may-care, there was a inner fragility to her that 
pulled at his heart. Ayeka was the opposite, beautiful and serene with a core of 
steel. While they had made life more than a little exciting at first, Tenchi 
couldn't imagine life without either one of them. Now Ryoko might decide that 
she wasn't worthy of Tenchi's love. It was vital that she be reassured everyone 
still loved her, that she hadn't been diminished in their hearts.
  Upon arrival, they all headed to the medical ward. Due to the size of their 
party, they were told to wait in one of the lounges while Ryoko was brought to 
them. About 15 minutes later, Washu and a nurse led her into the room. She was 
seated between Tenchi and Ayeka on the couch. They both spoke to her but got no 
response. Mihoshi brought Mayuka in next and handed her to Tenchi. May's 
presence was the only thing that had triggered any kind of response with Ryoko 
so far. Ryoko's face would assume a calm expression and her eyes lost much of 
the vacant stare whenever May was placed in her arms. Otherwise, she was still 
withdrawn from reality.
  Yosho was unable to look at Ryoko. It was because of him that she had been so 
terrified of the dark. Now that fear had been used as a weapon against her, a 
weapon for which she had no defense. She would be in a fragile state when she 
recovered. When she found out about her rape, Ryoko spirit might be irrevocably 
shattered. How much more did she have to suffer before her nightmares were over, 
Yosho silently cried to himself.
  Meanwhile, Funaho and Misaki were looking closely at Washu. Her eyes were too 
bright and blinked constantly. Her hands shook minutely and a nervous tic was in 
her left cheek. Misaki asked,"Washu, why don't you go lay down for awhile? We 
can handle things for now, and you look like you could use a rest.". In a hoarse 
voice, Washu replied,"I have to stay with my daughter. I've failed her too many 
times before and I won't fail her again.". The two queens looked at each other, 
their suspicions confirmed. Washu was on the verge of collapse. Sick with worry 
and grief over her daughter, Washu hadn't had any real rest since they left 
Earth. While she had pushed herself more than once while working, she still 
would take a break when her body demanded it. This time she kept drawing on all 
her reserves, refusing to admit her exhaustion.
  Nodding to Funaho, Misaki put her arm around Washu and walked with her to 
another sofa. Funaho went to the vending machine and got a carton of milk. She 
opened it up and gave it to Washu. Gratefully accepting the drink, Washu downed 
it in one gulp. Less than a minute later, Washu managed to say "Why you?!" 
before she fell unconscious. The drug Funaho had slipped into the milk had done 
its job. Now Washu would get some much needed rest. Hopefully, when she woke up 
she'd realize that she wasn't doing herself or her daughter any good by pushing 
herself like that.
  Misaki picked Washu up and carried her to one of the guest rooms that had been 
prepared for them. Funaho discussed Ryoko's condition with her doctor, Dr. Ami 
Kusunoki. The prognosis wasn't very encouraging. Unless a catharis that would 
trigger her memory could be found, it would take a long time before Ryoko was 
brought out of her shell. Even then, she would require intensive psychological 
counseling. Several drugs that might have helped had been defeated by her 
physiology and they were afraid of using higher dosages. Dr. Kusunoki admitted 
that Ryoko might even suffer a relapse when she found out about being raped. 
  When Funaho asked about Ryoko testifying, she received an emphatic negative. 
The fact Ryoko couldn't even talk about the cave before this incident showed how 
deep her fear ran. As her doctor, Dr Kusunoki couldn't in good conscious allow 
Ryoko to be forced to talk about what happened. She would file her objections 
with the Galactic Court. Funaho accepted her decision, but she had misgivings. 
While the physical evidence was more than enough, Ryoko's testimony would 
provide a compelling human side. Also, the defense would most likely want to 
cross-examine her. Under the law, the attackers were innocent until proven 
guilty and had the right to face their accusers in open court.
  Misaki returned from putting Washu to bed. Washu would most likely sleep for 
almost a day. As the mother of two daughters, Misaki could well understand what 
Washu was going through. She looked over at Ryoko. Tench and Ayeka were holding 
her hands, talking to her about their trip. Mayuka was pulling her mother's 
hair, trying to get her attention. She missed Ryoko's voice and didn't 
understand why her mother stayed silent. Sasami was talking to Ryo-ohki, telling 
her that her soulmate would be alright. Like Washu, Ryo-ohki couldn't hear Ryoko 
through their bond, and it distressed her greatly.  
  After several hours, Dr. Kusunoki told them visiting hours were over. 
Reluctantly, the family let Ryoko be taken to her room. Tenchi held onto Mayuka, 
telling her that they would see Mommy real soon. Funaho got everyone settled 
into the guest rooms while Misaki arranged for Ryoko's medical bills to be paid 
by the Jurai government. While Washu had her own fortune, the Royals felt they 
owed Ryoko this. Her terror of the cave had been the result of Yosho's actions. 
Now it was the responsibility of the Royal Family to see that Ryoko got the care 
she needed.  
  Once everyone was settled in, Funaho talked with the two GP's. Word was 
already beginning to spread now that lawyers had been assigned to the raiders. 
While the arraignment judge had instituted a gag order, the charges themselves 
were public record. A date for the grand jury had already been set. Once the 
case went to trial, every lowlife defense lawyer around would be falling over 
themselves to defend the attackers, especially Jackson and Malone. The sheer 
publicity that case would generate would make taking the case for public 
defender's pay well worth it. Funaho decided it was better to make a formal 
statement tomorrow, rather than waiting and let the rumor mill go out of 
control. Mihoshi then told her that she had found out why Ryoko had been raped. 
Hearing the reason only made Funaho more determined to see the men punished for 
their actions. It had been a deliberate act of cruelty, and she vowed to make 
sure the prosecutor pushed for the maximum sentence.
  The next morning, a press conference was arranged. In a statement that was 
broadcast across the galaxy, Funaho told about the attack upon the Masaki home. 
She said Ryoko had been brutally raped and then locked in her former prison. Dr. 
Kusunoki confirmed that Ryoko had suffered severe mental trauma and was now her 
patient. When asked about the charge of criminal threatening against a Juraian 
princess, Funaho said that Mayuka was a clone created with Tenchi's and a former 
enemy of Yosho genes that was originally to be used against him. She had managed 
to break free from the mind control and paid with her life. Washu had brought 
her back as an infant in order to have a second chance at life, as her own 
person. Tenchi confirmed he was her genetic father and said he had arranged for 
her adoption by Ryoko while he was on Jurai. 
  Mayuka's adoption raised more than a few eyebrows. Funaho said that the Royal 
Family supported Tenchi's decision because they had seen for themselves how much 
Ryoko cared for the child. Ryoko had shown herself to be a responsible mother, 
always putting May's welfare before her own. Finally, Mayuka had in effect 
chosen her by always calling Ryoko "Mama". None of the other women in the Masaki 
home were given this name, only Ryoko. The reporters appreciated the irony of 
the pirate who attacked Jurai now raising one of their royal princesses. Also, 
it was the Royals who were prosecuting the charges on her behalf. Funaho then 
declared the conference at an end.
  For the rest of the day, the conference was the lead story. Every nuance of 
the story was analyzed and discussed on all the news programs. The people that 
had lived during Ryoko's space pirate days couldn't believe that such a demon 
was so easily overpowered. Ryoko had overcome whole fleets and planetary 
defenses by herself and yet she had been taken down by a small group of 
attackers. Even more amazing, they had used essentially primitive weapons. 
Ryoko's pardon had been easier for the galaxy to accept, because Kagato's evil 
was well known. 
  Late in the afternoon station time, Washu awoke. She saw Nobuyuki sitting in a 
chair next to the bedside, napping. He had volunteered to stay with her, saying 
she shouldn't be left alone. Nobuyuki cared greatly about Washu. She had acted 
as a mother to Tenchi more than once, and helped keep the girls somewhat in 
line. Washu had filled a void in the home, even if she did have a few 
personality quirks at first. While her child form had put him off, her staying 
an adult had cast her in a new light. He found himself looking at her as a woman 
for the first time. Now this crisis had erupted and any thought of taking things 
further would have to wait. She would need all the moral support of the family 
to help her daughter. Later when Ryoko was fully healed, he would see about 
building a relationship. 
  After a shower and change of clothes, Washu found herself starving. Waking 
Nobuyuki, she had him take her to a restaraunt on the station where she had her 
first decent meal since leaving Earth. They then joined everyone in the lounge. 
Looking at Funaho and Misaki, she said," That was a dirty trick you pulled. 
However, I needed the rest, so I suppose I owe you my thanks.". The two queens 
were unapologetic, and only nodded at her. They told her of the morning news 
conference. Her throat caught at the news her daughter was now officially 
Mayuka's mother. Ryoko would be overjoyed and Washu agreed that it was the 
perfect birthday gift for May.
  Tenchi and Ayeka were at a changing station with Mayuka. Ryoko was in a chair, 
while Ami stood nearby her. Dr. Kusunoki had had security beefed up after the 
conference, and already several tabloid reporter and photographers had been 
caught trying to sneak into the med ward. She would not have her patient's 
condition turned into sideshow fodder and was glad when Misaki had Azaka and 
Kamidake help out. The Guardians were ultimately under her jurisdiction, and she 
felt Ryoko needed them more than Ayeka did for now. 
  Ami went over to the sink and poured a glass of water for herself. She 
accidentally left the faucet dripping and went to shut it off when Washu stopped 
her. She had seen Ryoko flinch at the sound. Telling Ami to let it drip more, 
she watched Ryoko's face. Again Ryoko flinched, and everyone saw it this time. 
Washu remembered that water had dripped constantly into the pool. Activating her 
holocomp, she had it create in her ear the pitch and frequency of the water 
dripping. Once she was certain she had it correct, she broadcast the sound 
through the external speakers.
  The effect was immediate. Ryoko's eyes blinked rapidly and her face became 
animated. Then with a blood-curdling scream, she launched herself from the chair 
and ran to corner of the room. Ryoko sat on the floor, hands out in front of 
her, crying out in terror. Washu picked her up in her arms and held her tightly. 
Ryoko struggled at first, but then her eyes regained their focus. She saw and 
heard her mother and realized that she wasn't locked up in the cave, but safe in 
her mother's arms. She said, "Momma?", and hugged her mother back. Washu led her 
to the sofa and sat down with her. As the memories of the cave came flooding 
back, Ryoko started to shiver violently. Teeth chattering, she said,"Mommy 
please h-h-hold me, I'm so c-c-cold.". 
  Washu gripped her daughter even tighter. It wasn't just the cold water Ryoko 
was reacting to, but the utter isolation that she felt in the cave. She needed 
physical contact to reassure herself. Her astral body had been unable to touch 
anything and she had spent much of her time after her release getting used to 
being able to physically feel again. 
  Tenchi and Ayeka came in then with Mayuka. They both shouted her name and 
rushed to the sofa. Pulling her to her feet, they both hugged Ryoko fiercely, 
overwhelmed with joy. Tentatively, and then with increased strength, Ryoko 
wrapped her arms around both of them and hugged back. She cried softly into 
their shoulders, feeling the love they were giving her. Mayuka cried out "Mama" 
from the floor. Ryoko grabbed her daughter and kissed her. Holding Mayuka in her 
arms, Ryoko sat next to Washu. She reached out with her mind and contacted Ryo-
ohki. Happy to hear her mistress's voice once more, she also hugged Ryoko. 
Everyone else then took turns giving her a warm hug, letting her know she was 
safe.
  Once everyone settled down, Ryoko asked what had happened. Ryo-ohki showed her 
the attack and the subsequent raid. Ryoko went white with rage at the sight of a 
gun being held at her daughter's head. She had to be physically restrained from 
going to Roberts and ripping him apart with her bare hands. Washu managed to get 
her to cool down by telling her Mayuka needed her mother, not an avenger. Ami 
then introduced herself to Ryoko, telling her that she would be doing her 
counseling now instead of Yosho. 
  They spent the rest of the day talking about the trip and what had happened on 
Jurai. Funaho showed Ryoko a recording of Tenchi's introduction to the people, 
and the conference in the courtyard. Hearing the people accept the truth about 
her did much to ease her heart. Ayeka's public admission of friendship with her 
brought tears to her eyes. Here was the proof that her past was behind her, that 
she wasn't considered to be a monster. She noticed that everyone was avoiding 
something though. Kiyone and Mihoshi had almost added something else when they 
told of the charges against the men. They caught themselves just in time, but 
Ryoko had the distinct impression there was more. She asked what was going on, 
but Washu said she needed to rest first and get her strength back. The only clue 
she gave was Ryoko would need the support of all the family to help her through 
this.
  Ami told Ryoko that it time for her to go back to her room. Ryoko pleaded with 
Ami not take her away from her family, that she couldn't bear the thought of 
being alone. Ami looked into Ryoko's eyes and saw she was telling the truth, she 
was terrified of being alone. Ami then said she could stay with Washu in her 
room, but she still had to go to bed. Ryoko agreed, as it had been a very 
stressful day. Tenchi said that tomorrow they would all have a birthday party 
for Mayuka. He told Ryoko that he had the perfect gift for his daughter. 
  Ryoko went with Washu to the guest rooms. At first she tried to stay in her 
own bed, but it wasn't enough. She climbed into bed with her mother, needing to 
hold someone and be held in return. Washu put her arm out and Ryoko curled up 
next to Washu. Washu then sang a gentle lullaby to her daughter, the same one 
she had sung to her son so many centuries ago. Ryoko put her arm across Washu, 
feeling the warmth of her mother. After a while, she managed to fall into a 
troubled sleep. She was plagued with nightmares of the cave and woke up 
screaming several times. Washu held her close each time, soothing her and 
telling her she was safe. Mentally, she once more damned the men who had done 
this to her daughter. Even with her nightlight, Ryoko was terrified to sleep 
alone. Washu wondered if Ryoko would be able to sleep outside in the sunlight or 
would the nightmares haunt her then as well?
  The next day a quiet birthday party was held in the arboreum. The park was a 
popular place on the station, as it provided much needed break from the cold 
steel walls. Trees, grass, and flowers from many different planets all grew 
under an artificial sun. Ryoko held Mayuka and helped her open each of the 
presents. Toys, clothes, and other normal gifts were each appreciated by Ryoko 
and Mayuka. Finally, Tenchi handed Ryoko a simple frame, wrapped in paper. 
Opening it, Ryoko saw a document along with a painting of her and May. Curious, 
she read the document to May. Her eyes widened as the full meaning of the 
adoption papers hit her. Tenchi said he had the perfect gift for Mayuka and he 
was right. He had given Mayuka a mother, some one who would love and cherish 
her, unlike Yuzuha. 
  For Ryoko, it was one of the happiest moments of her life, ranking with her 
release from the cave and Kagato being destroyed. Now no one could take away her 
daughter. She had given so much of herself to Mayuka, and her caring had been 
rewarded. Looking into May's eyes, Ryoko said,"Do you know what this means 
Little Mayuka? It means Mommy will always be with you. You and I will alway be 
together, no matter what.". Seeing how happy her mother was, May giggled and 
played with Ryoko hair. She didn't understand her mother's words, but the warmth 
in them was apparent. Tenchi then told Ryoko he had done the painting himself 
from memory. The likenesses of mother and daughter were amazing. Tenchi had 
captured the very essence of their bond and warmth and love radiated from the 
picture.
  Seeing the life of the park around her, Ryoko knew that she wanted to go home. 
The station reminded her too much of Soja, with the cold, lifeless walls. She 
needed to see the green fields and mountains of Japan, the warmth of the Masaki 
house. She told everyone her desire. Ami had reservations about Ryoko leaving 
the hospital so soon. She had only just recovered and still hadn't been told the 
whole truth. Also, Ryoko still needed therapy to deal with her psychological 
problems. Funaho suggested that Dr. Kusunoki stay with Ryoko on Earth for the 
time being. As long as Ami abided by the restrictions of living on a non-
interference planet, a waiver could be granted. The idea intriqued her and she 
agreed. Misaki stated in a tone that brooked no argument that she would stay on 
Earth for now as well. The family was still shaken and would need someone to who 
could act as the housemother. Washu normally did this, but she would be busy 
caring for Ryoko. Funaho acceded to Misaki's wish. She knew better than to 
disagree when Misaki used that tone.
  All that was left was what everyone dreaded. It was better that Ryoko find out 
now, but that still didn't make it easier to tell her. Washu motioned for Tenchi 
to sit next to Ryoko. He nodded, knowing what was coming. Ayeka sat on the other 
side, to give Ryoko all the support she could. Seeing the expressions on 
everyone's face, Ryoko was a little scared. Whatever Washu had to say, it was 
bad enough that she was broadcasting her emotional turmoil. Washu gathered 
herself to speak. This would be harder than when she had made peace with Ryoko. 
Still, there was no use hiding from it.
 "Ryoko, there's something we have to tell you.", Washu began,"There's another 
charge against the two who locked you in the cave.". Ryoko looked at Washu, a 
cold knot of dread forming in her stomach. Washu continued,"While you were 
unconscious, they both raped you in order to hurt me." Ryoko looked at her 
mother in shock. Never in her worst nightmares had she thought this possible. 
She felt like her world was crumbling around her and her dreams had been made a 
mockery.
  Ryoko's vision swam and she would have fallen over had it not been for Tenchi 
and Ayeka. She almost slipped back into the shell she had only just climbed out 
of, but Washu was ready this time. During the party, she had quietly opened the 
link between them and anchored herself in Ryoko's mind. By sheer force of will, 
she pulled Ryoko back from the brink. She would not let her daughter be lost 
like that again. Once she was sure Ryoko was fully cognizant, Washu said,"Ryoko, 
we all love you still. Everyone will be there to help you, but you can't run 
away. Together, we'll make it through this. Don't let Mayuka go through what you 
did when you were a child.". The last statement gave Ryoko the focus she needed. 
Her daughter needed her and she had sworn to be there no matter what.
  Tenchi and Ayeka tightened their embrace around her. Tears fell freely from 
her eyes as she grasped what happened. Her innocent dream had been shattered, 
and she didn't know if she could ever pick up the pieces. For her, nothing would 
ever be same again.

              Afterword
  Whew!! This chapter took a lot longer than I thought it would. Still I think 
it came out pretty well. The inspiration for Ryoko's recovery came from two sci-
fi classic movies, "Them!" and "Rodan". In the first movie, a young girl is 
found wandering in the desert in shock. She had witnessed the death of her 
parents by the giant ants and she can't cope with the sight. At the hospital, 
her age prevents the use of several drugs that would have normally helped. It 
takes the smell of fomoric acid, which the ants emit to snap her out. In the 
second movie, the hero and narrator of the movie is presumed dead after a cave 
in. Later he is found wandering with amnesia. His memory is restored when he 
watches some bird eggs hatching. It reminds of the Rodan's hatching and gets his 
mind working again.
  I based my assessment of Yosho's fighting ability on both the manga and the 
OAV's. Every battle we see him using a sword. He merely stops Tenchi's kick and 
Ryoko's punch in a show of strength, not actually blocking or deflecting the 
attack. Misaki is the head of the Imperial Bodyguard, yet she carries no weapons 
of any kind. In Manatsu no Eve, we see the Imperial Guard carrying staves, so 
different weapons are used. Therefore it is reasonable to assume that Misaki is 
well rounded in her fighting skills, and most likely taught Yosho. 
  In chapter 5, Ryoko comes to terms with her rape. It won't be easy for her, as 
she will be prevented from enacting revenge upon Jackson and Malone. This will 
leave no outlet for the rage and humiliation she feels. Until she can rid 
herself of this anger, she can't accept the counseling she needs. 
   Please send let me know what you think of this chapter, as I put a lot of 
hard work into it.
          
  
  

   
   
   
        
    
          
  
   
    
    
