Tempered Steel-The Forging of Washu

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi and am making no money from this story. 
AN: This is my first ever Tenchi fic so go easy on me.
Feedback: You can let me know what you think at skiwoofe@hotmail.com


Unknown Number of Years in the Past

	For her there was no past, no future. Not because she wanted it that way but simply 
because the concept hadn't occurred to her yet. Now was all there was, and now she floated in 
a cold void somehow alive but not knowing or caring about that. A moment or possible an 
eternity passed she was found by others. To her it didn't matter. Now there was pain. And now 
there was none. She started to prefer none. 
	How long she was aboard the slaver's ship no one ever knew for sure, but the first 
records of her aboard were over a thousand year old. The ship itself a generational slaver ship 
was close to five thousand years old and owned by a race of people whose prime had come 
and passed. But until the last of them died they would serve their Mistress Tokimi and had done 
so in finding the girl floating in the void.

About Nineteen Thousand Years In The Past

It was only after they met that she started to keep an account of her life. Before her 
encounter with him the past and the future held no meaning to her.
It happened on a small planet owned by a family of minor Juraian nobles. The slaver's 
ship had been damaged in a battle with a Galaxy Police patrol ship and had been forced to land 
on the small planet. The GP ship only being a patrol ship had asked the local nobility to send in 
troops to secure the slaver's ship and rescue the captives. Most of the other captives were 
returned to their home worlds but no one could remember anything at all about her or where 
they had found her. She learned this only after she had left to go to the Academy and developed 
a sense of curiosity about her past. 
But from the moment he took her from the ship in his arms she began to hold on to 
thoughts of him. Having nowhere else to go she was allowed to stay with his family. As he 
showed the lost young girl around his home world she began to hold on to the memories of their 
time together with a quiet desperation. These memories lead her to the discovery of the Past.
Slowly she began to anticipate his arrival to her room in the mornings with offers of food 
and to ask her what she would like to do today. In this way she learned to look to the future, 
even if at first the only future she could see was his arrival at her door calling her name. The first 
thoughts she could ever remember having were always about him. She didn't remember how 
she found out, but she always knew his name was Yoshin and that hers was Washu.
Over her first years with him she learn many things about the universe she lived in, but 
most importantly she learned that she loved to learn new things. Her talent for science won her a 
scholarship to the Royal Science Academy near the capital world of Jurai and although reluctant 
to leave Yoshin he convinced her to get out live her own life.

Over Five Hundred Years Later

Washu ran around her quarters desperately throwing clothes and everything else into 
subspace portals even though she hadn't completely perfect them yet and she knew most of 
what went in would be lost. She had completely forgotten she was going to have a visitor today.
She and Yoshin had written and even occasionally made n-space calls to each other 
many times over the years, but this would be the first time she saw him in the flesh in over five 
hundred years. The thought of seeing him drove all thoughts of science, teaching, and even her 
competition to see who was best with the recently hired Dr. Clay from her mind. 
She was taking one last look around the room when the door chime sounded. Taking a 
deep breath and wiping her sweaty palms on her dress she pushed the last of her nervousness 
down and opened the door. The sight that greeted her took her breath away. Seeing him on one 
of their calls to each other was one thing, but she had completely forgotten or had never noticed 
how hansom he was when you could see all of him. He held himself with the bearing and grace 
of a hero. Something Washu had learned was far from common among Jurai aristocracy.
For his part, Yoshin noted that this Washu was not the same fourteen-year-old girl he 
had continued to think of her as since she had left for the science academy. As his eyes traveled 
over the well developed young woman he realized she had finally grown from the eternal young 
girl she had been for the half a century she had stayed with his family into a stunning young 
woman appearing no more than about twenty even though he knew she was much older. It 
came to him for the first time that it was possible that she might be of Juraian blood.
The planned two days visit turned into a week and then two weeks as the two friends 
redefined their relationship into something no one had anticipated. It was at the end of the 
second week when Yoshin asked Washu to be his wife. Two months later they had been 
married and were living in Yoshin's family enclave on planet Jurai. The other nobles at court 
snared and made crude remarks but neither Washu nor Yoshin cared. The only thing that 
seemed to matter to the newlyweds was that they were together. That seemed only to make 
their detractors more spiteful and angry.
But as Washu soon became pregnant, yet another blow to the Juraian nobles who had 
children few and far in between if ever, they became so caught up in each other and their 
happiness that they never thought the harsh words of others could have an effect on them. They 
were wrong.

Nine Months Later

"It's a boy!" the new father shouted holding up his crying son for his wife to see. 
Washu, the greatest scientific genus in the universe, and creator of unimaginable 
wonders was awed by this small life she had bought into existence. Even with all her knowledge 
and the many things she had seen nothing had prepared her for the wonder of making a new life. 
"He's perfect, " she stated as her eyes met those of the one man who had ever made her first 
consider science and later that something could be more important than its pursuit.
He smiled lovingly down at her and answered. "Yes he is. Just like his mother" and with 
that leaned forward and kissed her sweat soaked brow. 
What Yoshin hadn't told Washu was that his family had started pressuring him to annul 
their marriage 'so that he could marry someone more fitting of the family's linage'. He had flatly 
refused even ignoring threats to cut him off from the family money and disown him. Yoshin knew 
that the true reason they wanted to get rid of Washu was because the talk form the Emperor's 
court was getting back home and with family fortunes low no one wanted to lose the favor of 
the Emperor. Yoshin's family had long given the Empire powerful knights who served as the 
Royal Guard and other trusted position in the empire. This put them in the envied position of 
being granted gifts and favors from whichever emperor was current. 
If anyone had bother to ask this Emperor they would have been disconcerted to learn 
that he did indeed approve of Yoshin's choice in a wife. In fact he often wished more of the 
women at court were more like the shy and intelligent woman Yoshin had been so lucky to find. 
Glancing over at the wife chosen for him by his father he found himself wishing he had been so 
lucky. Few emperors married for love, which was one of the reasons they were allowed more 
than one wife. There was always the hope that at least one would be a love match.

Seven months later

The small family was enjoying the summer day at one of the many parks that lay all 
across planet Jurai. Washu and Yoshin had awoken to the sun shining into their bedroom for the 
first time in what seemed like weeks and the decision to go on a picnic and enjoy the beauty of 
Jurai had seemed like a wonderful idea.
They had eaten and spent most of the day relaxing in the light shinning among the great 
trees of Jurai. It was nearing time to return home, but both were reluctant to return to the trials 
of the Emperor's court and so they delayed leaving for watching little Mitshin crawl 
determinedly from flower to flower in pursuit of fleeing butterflies. It was the last time the family 
would all be together.
When the two Knights followed by a group of arms men wearing non descript colors 
came rushing from the trees the attack came as a complete surprise to both of them. Washu 
sprang to her feet and ran to snatch up Mitshin before the child was trampled. She didn't know 
what was going on but she knew it was going to be bad.
Yoshin drew his sword and stood between his wife and the oncoming knights in what he 
could see would be a futile effort to protecting his family. Futile or not he would stand his 
ground until the end if necessary. He studied their armor as they approached hoping to discover 
what was happening or who was attacking by the crest that they bore only to let out a shocked 
cry when he saw his family crest upon their breastplates. "That is the Hakubi family crest you're 
wearing. I am the second son Mitsu the leader of Hakubi family! Who are you?"
The lead knight held up a hand bringing the men behind him to a halt. Yoshin received 
the second shock of the day when the removed the helm that had covered most of his face. 
"Brother. Father has sent me to bring you home and to put an end to the disgrace you 
have bought upon the Hakubi name." Roshini told him calmly.
"If father wanted us to retu…" Yoshin began.
"You misunderstand brother. Father has placed his grievance with your choice of 
a…wife before the council of nobles. They have annulled your marriage to this low born harlot 
and decided upon a suitable wife for someone of your standing." 
Looking at the odds and knowing there was no way out of this he asked harshly, "And 
what is to become of Washu and our son?"
"Washu is free to go and will be given proper compensation for her…services" Roshini 
answered with a sneer. "As for the bastard, if you come along quietly he will be given a foster 
home among some non Juraian family along with a sizable trust fund. If you or Washu tries to 
resist us the council has given me permission to kill the half-breed here and now. Personally I 
hope you try to fight. It isn't appropriate to have halfblooded bastards running around ruining 
our good name."
"You can't do this!" Washu cried out. She began to feel a build up of power within her 
body and she knew that if only she could find a way to direct it against her enemies that she 
Yoshin and their son could escape. But in her studies of the universe she had never really 
studied her self or what she was truly capable of and thus there was nothing she could do with 
the power she felt humming throughout her body.
"It's already done. Consider yourself fortunate, Washu. Out of the goodness of his 
heart father has also allowed you to continue using the Hakubi name. I tried to talk him out of it, 
but… you know how stubborn he can be."
Yoshin knew that this battle was lost. But he also knew that as long as they all still lived 
that there would be hope for them. He turned and gently took the woman he loved into his arms 
with their child held between them. "We can't win this, Washu. Even if we get past my brother's 
men we'll never make it off world. Not if the council has ordered this. And to try would mean 
the sure death of our child. We can't let that happen." With the stiff nod of agreement from 
Washu he gently took the baby from her arms. He leaned over and while giving her one last hug 
whispered into her ear, "Find him, Washu. As long as we live there will always be hope." 
He gave her one last kiss then took Mitshin and walked away between his brother's 
men. He didn't look back for fear that if he did so he wouldn't be able leave her. Washu stood 
in the clearing with tear streaming from her eyes looking in the direction they had gone for hours 
after they had disappeared into the trees. It was then that she decided she would never be to 
weak to fight back ever again.
Her return to the academy was greeted with great enthusiasm. No one questioned her 
physical transformation back into the fourteen year old that had first arrived at the academy so 
long ago. Few of co-workers knew what had befallen her. All they knew was that her 
fascination with science had increased ten fold. In the following years even her critics had only 
praise for her inventions and her dedication to science. None of them knew that the inventions 
she gave to the academy were only the scraps of true work. 
I will be strong she would think to herself as she worked No one will ever take 
anything from me without at fight ever again!

About Four Hundred Fifty Years Later.

	The attack on the Hakubi's planet came swift and silently. Unmanned ships (although no 
one knew they were unmanned) popped out of subspace portals into the space around the 
planet giving no warning to the defensive satellites or the six GP patrol ships in the heavily 
trafficked area. The satellites and patrol ships were out gunned and out numbered. 
	Of the three Juraian Tree-ships in orbit two were third generation. Even with the light-
hawk wings fully deployed they were destroyed nearly as quickly GP ships. The third Jurai ship 
was first generation and put up a much stronger fight before it was forced to retreat into 
hyperspace, but before it's departure it managed to turn the twenty-seven attacking drones that 
had survived the first assault into thirteen.
	The remaining drone ships moved into the planet's atmosphere striking at every military 
facility and noble house on the planet as even more subspace portals were opened and a new 
set of ground drones joined the attack. The drone that was to destroy the Hakubi palace first 
plugged itself into the house's computer system and transmitted all the data to the coordinator of 
the attack.
	Little Washu's heart broke upon find out that her beloved Yoshin had died over a 
hundred year ago. And there was no data on what had become of little Mitshin. Overcome by 
grief and rage at these people who had taken her family as if it were their right Washu sent the 
drones her final instructions. No one of the house of Hakubi or with a drop of Hakubi blood 
was to survive.
	When the GP battle fleet arrived at the planet they found very few survivors, no clues as 
to who had done this, and that all the members of House Hakubi had died very slow and painful 
deaths. The noble family was no more. In the entire universe there was now only one person 
who rightfully used the name Hakubi and who might have gained from such an attack. But when 
they checked it was confirmed that she was and had been where she had been for the last 
thousand years. First a student and now teaching at the Royal Science Academy.
	Looking for evidence was left to the up and coming young detective special class 
Mitshin. His scores, record, and arrest and conviction rate since joining the GP had surpassed 
that of any member before him. It was agreed that he was the most likely member of the GP to 
find who had done this and bring them to justice, so when he reported that there was no 
evidence to link anyone to this horrific crime no one questioned his word.
	Taking one last look around the devastated landscape before leaving, Mitshin causally 
threw a side panel from one of the attacking drones into one of the waste compactors being 
used by the clean up clue. Only he had see the crab marking of a certain academy scientist on it.

Thirteen Thousand years later

"How are our little projects coming along Professor Washu?" The Emperor asked 
gravely of young girl looking up at his throne. Only the foolish were taken in by her apparent 
youth. The woman in a girl's body who stood before him was undisputedly the greatest mind in 
the universe and much older than even he was. He held no illusions as to how dangerous she 
could be if she so chose. 
"I've nearly completed work on the ship and if I must say so myself it is quiet 
impressive" she answered. "Nothing short of First Generation Tree-ship will be able to match it 
for power and speed. But while this ship is much larger it will still be able to out maneuver any 
ship, even a Jurai a First Generation Tree-ship! I've named it the Soja."
"So it should be ready soon?" he asked.
"My drones are still making the final components I'll need to complete the construction." 
Washu paused and look up from her holographic keyboard into the Emperor's eyes, "I still 
think the construction of something this powerful is a mistake. What if it boarded by pirates or 
lost in battle?"
Emperor Ken'suza frowned in thought looking down at her from dais upon which his 
throne sat. "If the Soja is as powerful as you say, once it's crewed with Jurai troops it won't 
lose and no one will be able to get close enough to steal it. Do you really think there is need for 
such concern?" he asked.
With a snap of her fingers Washu's keyboard vanished. "Jurai Tree-ships are the most 
powerful ships in this galaxy and upon occasion even they lose. But they are tied to the Jurai 
nobility who are chosen to have them by the Royal Space-Tree Tsunami so even if they are 
boarded they can't be used against Jurai. The Soja will match that power and lack the 
safeguard of its crew being chosen by the Holy Tree. The Soja can be stolen and used against 
you. If anyone ever get their hands on that ship..."
The Emperor sat back in his seat pressed his palms together elbows resting on the 
armrests a look of worry on his face. He stayed this way for some time before a resigned sigh 
escaped him. "I share your concerns Washu, but I am an old man and I must secure the Empire 
before death finally claims me." He gestured around him with his hand as if he could see through 
the walls. "Royal Space trees grow across Jurai in the largest numbers in our history and yet the 
Holy Tree is giving out fewer tree-ships than ever before. And those that do go out are usually 
small and not very powerful as if Tsunami is saving the more powerful ones for some reason. 
The last person to receive a first generation tree-ship was my son, Asuza. That was fifteen 
hundred years ago, Washu. Every day some new force arrives with ever more powerful 
weapons. Almost an entire seven-ship fleet was nearly decimated trying to help the Galaxy 
Police stop a group of common pirates. The pirates only had five ships. I don't know where 
they got the technology, but it far surpassed anything the GP could throw at them."
Washu was suddenly indignant "Hey! I gave you my best designs to give to them! There 
can't be anything better!"
The Emperor smiled at her show of outrage but held up his hand in a consoling gesture, 
"Most likely there isn't anything better" he told her. "But the Council of Nobles in their… 
wisdom voted to with-hold the majority of your work and give it to the GP over a stretch of 
years to ensure our alliance. They bought the vote of the Holy Council with a promise to vote 
with them on any one issue at any one time they ask. Needless to say that both groups changed 
their minds when our fleet returned in pieces." Ken'suza shook his head in resignation at the 
foolishness of the Jurai nobles, and then smiled at a sudden thought. Now the Noble council 
owes the Holy Council a vote for nothing! He chuckled to quietly. 
"As for the Galaxy Police," he continued turning his attention back to Washu, "they are 
even now building the first of your new ships and your control cubes have become standard 
issue. In the main time they are refitting some of their older ships with your new subspace drive 
engine. At the very least they'll be much faster to arrive or run in the face of another attack."
"When those new cruisers are finished they should be almost as powerful as a second 
generation tree ship." Washu told him. "Anything that attacks them will regret it."
Ken'suza nodded approvingly but said, "In any case you just proved my point for me. 
The fleet was nearly defeated against ships of lesser design than your own. As your designs and 
those of others improve and slowly become public anyone will be able to get their hands on 
them. We have less than three hundred second generation ships and only eighty-three of the first 
generation ones. Not counting Tsunami of course. We need ships like the Soja to ensure the 
continued peace."
"Still, a ship like the Soja could easily fall into the hands of enemies. I don't..." Washu 
started at the sound of Ken'suza's fist slamming into his chair arm.
"I must prepare Jurai for the future!" he cried out fervently. "Please Miss Washu. I know 
of your past dealings with my people and that you have no reason to love Jurai, but please give 
me your best."
Washu nodded stiffly, "You're right. I really don't care much for Juraians, but I always 
keep my word. I expect you to keep yours as well" the threat in her voice was plain.
The Emperor nodded back formally, "I already have the location of your son. He is 
doing well and has a family of his own now. The information is yours once you complete the 
Soja and the 'Warrior' project. The deeds for the five planets you requested have already been 
transferred into your name."
Washu gave a respectful nod and opened a subspace portal. "I'll get back to work then" 
she said and started to step through.
"Washu?" the Emperor called, cause her to pause but not look back. "You realize that 
in order for me to give you those planets I had to ennoble you? You are the first non Juraian to 
hold a Juraian title and lands."
"Too bad it came too late" She murmured just loud enough for him to hear. She 
stepped through the portal back into the only world that held any meaning for her now. Her lab 
at the Academy.

	The 'Warrior' project he calls it! Washu thought to herself as she started the final 
tests. Little did Ken'suza know that a large part of the money and support he had granted her 
was being put to personal use. Washu had given the Emperor what he wanted and more with 
the Soja and now she was determined to gain back something that the Juraian Empire had taken 
from her so many years ago.
	She nodded to herself when the final test results came out positive. Now all she had to 
do was have her assistant go collect enough of the Masses and she would finally be able to have 
a child of her own. And with no father and her hard won control of her own power there would 
be no threat of anyone ever taking this child from her.
	
	"Is she telling me everything?" Emperor Ken'suza asked his spy. 
The spy a young noble who had been knighted and placed in the Royal Bodyguard 
smiled thinly and nodded to his lord. "She speaks truthfully, my lord" Kagato lied smoothly. As 
a distant relation to the royal family it had come as no surprise when he had rapidly surpassed 
the other knights of Jurai. It hadn't taken him long to catch the eye of the emperor and he soon 
gain his trust as well.
He had enjoyed the position for a while, but was now ready for greater things. Although 
he made sure no one knew this, his own power had grown to surpass that of Ken'suza and 
combined with the knowledge he was rapidly gaining from his position as assistant to director 
Washu he knew that he would soon realize his dream and be the most powerful being in the 
universe.
"Very well then. Return to the academy and keep me appraised of things" the Emperor 
commanded. 
With a bow Kagato turn and left the room. As soon as he was out of the emperor's site 
he vanished to reappear outside Washu's lab. The woman was so obsessed with her projects 
that she never even noticed the small changes he had made in the Soja or one change he had 
made in the design of her 'Warrior' project. It was the change to the latter that would give him 
the weapon he needed to take the Holy Tree, Tsunami. A change which would give him full 
control of what he thought would be a weapon so powerful that Washu intended to keep it for 
herself.
	
Twelve Years Later
	
	"Mom! Look what I can do!" Ryoko called as came into their quarters. Washu turned 
away from transferring data from her academy computer into the computer in her new subspace 
lab to see what new discovery her beloved Ryoko had made this time. 
Her jaw fell as she saw her daughter floating two meters above the floor. "Ryoko! How 
did you learn to do that?" she asked. Not that this was the first time Ryoko had displayed 
powers Washu hadn't foreseen. The infusion of the Masses with one of her eggs had yielded 
many unexpected results flight just being the latest of them. Add to that the three gems she had 
fused to her daughter and anything was possible. And once Ryoko learned a new skill she was 
able to keep using them even without the gems, it to a lesser extent.
"We were playing ball and Rikki hit it too high to catch but when I jumped for it I just 
kept going up" the girl replied excitedly. 
Washu sat looking thoughtful for a moment. Finally she said, "So. You were out playing 
ball when you were supposed to come straight home and start your training."
There was thump as Ryoko upon realizing she'd been caught lost her concentration and 
dropped to the floor on her bottom. The look stunned surprise on her face caused Washu to 
burst into laughter. Washu went over and helped her to her feet. "And that is why you have to 
train!" she pointed out triumphantly.
"Are you going to teach today?" she asked, looking to Washu hopefully.
"I really need to finish transferring my data…" Washu began.
"I'm not going if you won't be there!" Ryoko shouted defiantly, her small hands balled 
into fists. "I don't like…him."
"And just what is it about me that you don't like?" came a voice from the doorway 
before Washu had time to reply. "I realize I'm a bit hard on you during your training Ryoko, but 
that's only because I want you to do you very best." Kagato continued smoothly.
Ryoko had stiffened reflexively upon hear that cultured voice behind her. She recovered 
quickly and moved to stand behind her mother for comfort. Everyone always talked about how 
brilliant Kagato was and how he was such a gentleman, but Ryoko knew better. Still, no matter 
how much she wanted to tell her mother what she knew, she couldn't. Kagato had taken great 
pleasure in giving her detailed descriptions of what he would do to her and her mother if he ever 
thought she had told anyone, and after some of the 'training sessions' in which he had 
demonstrated his willingness to do them on her she had little doubt that he could and would do 
as he had promised. Nothing would make her put her mother in a position where that bastard 
could get to her.
Missing the undercurrents Washu smiled at him gave an explanation for Ryoko's 
behavior "She just at that stage where she doesn't want to be separated from her mom for too 
long" she told him. "So which training session is it going to be today?" she asked.
"We'll be working with the…Ryo'Oki today" he answered. He hated that cabbit almost 
as much as he hated the walking talking weapon that Washu insisted on making soft by treating 
it as a daughter. Washu had somehow manage to convince old Ken'suza that the 'Warrior' 
project he'd had her working on had failed, but Kagato had a little more knowledge of the 
project than the diminutive scientist knew he had. The slight alteration he had made to her work 
only gave him total control of Ryoko for short periods of time or partial control for an unlimited 
time and he intended for the girl to learn to obey him without question. Otherwise with those 
gems he still could not understand, she would become too powerful to let live. If he had known 
about them before he had started his 'training sessions' with little Ryoko he might have tried 
recruiting her in a less violent manner. Now that he had started this way he had no choice but to 
continue even knowing that once she fully learned the power of her gems she would be almost 
unbeatable. That was one of the reasons he went out of his way to destroy any self-esteem the 
girl started to build.
Ryoko gave a sigh of relief. At least when they were working with Ryo'Oki she usually 
didn't have to worry about him taking over her body. And it was much better than the realistic 
holo simulations were he forced to kill everyone and everything that moved. Throwing plasma 
energy and forming an energy sword were two skills she was beginning to wish she had never 
developed. She could barely sleep at night because of the nightmares. Instead she would wait 
until her mom fell asleep and then sneak into her room to keep watch over her only to slip back 
out before Washu awakened.
Somehow she knew that the day was fast approaching where Kagato would show 
Washu his true colors and she intended to do everything in her power to help keep her mother 
safe.

A Little Over Two Years Later

Once again Washu stared at the crystal Ken'suza had given her to complete their 
bargain before his death. Now that she had the information she had no idea what to do with it. 
All sense of lost she had felt when her husband's family had taken him and their child from her 
so many years ago had seemed to blow away in the wind with the birth of Ryoko. Now she had 
what she had spent so long searching for and didn't know what to do with it.
Finally with a sigh she inserted the crystal into the computer. And found herself looking 
a mixture Yoshin's and her own facial features with a hairstyle similar to her own except that 
was the same blond of his youth. The brown eyes were the same as they had always been, only 
a little harder. But they were soft as he smiled and draped an arm over the dark haired blue-
eyed woman beside him who was holding a toddler with his father's blond hair and his mother's 
blue eyes. The man suddenly looked at the camera almost staring back at her as if he could see 
her. 
Washu felt pride when she finally noticed that he wore the uniform of the Galaxy Police 
Vice Marshal and was nearly covered in neatly place metals of honor. The air of command 
about him was visible even recorded and she felt relief at knowing that her baby had made a 
good life for himself.
She had called him and made plans to meet with him, but unfortunately Kagato made his 
move before they could get together. It wasn't until Vice Marshal Mitshin of the GP reported 
that the director of the academy had missed a meeting with him that anyone noticed that Washu 
and Ryoko Hakubi had gone missing.
It was all too soon discovered that Ryoko had become one of the worse space pirates 
the galaxy had ever seen, second only to Kagato, destroying settlements and planet, raiding 
museums and archeological dig sites, stealing from supply ships, and killing anyone who 
managed to get within striking distance.
Evidence was found suggesting that a former Jurai Knight turned criminal scientist 
named Kagato had kidnapped Washu. No one ever found a valid link between the kidnapping 
of the Director of the Royal Science Academy and the fact that her daughter turned to pirating 
at the same time, but a few people found it suspicious. One of those people was Vice Marshal 
of the GP. 
Because of his belief that the admittedly still young Ryoko was being lead or somehow 
coerced into her criminal acts her status in GP files never went beyond that of Galaxy Most 
Wanted. For Kagato however there was no excuse and because of the mass murders, planets 
destroyed, and one two occasions genocide he committed with his own hands his status rose to 
Eternally Most Wanted with no statue of limitation for his crimes.
	
