Disclaimer: All characters and units related to the Tenchi Series are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer.  The
author owns Sanjou, Zynd, and Vor.  Names, places, persons identical to 
those in the story are purely
coincidental.  This series is essentially based off the first two Tenchi 
series (Muyo! and Universe), but more
from Muyo!  So please don't hassle me for inconsistencies or varying from 
stories.

Now, with the legal stuff out of the way, it's time to tell the story.

				The Road to GPH

	It was afternoon at the Masaki House, five days after the Queen's initial 
visit.  Everyone was gathered on the water-front deck giving their goodbye's 
to those that were leaving into outer space.  Yugami, parked half in and 
half out of the lake, was prepped and ready for launch.
	"How come I can't go with Tenchi?" Ryoko pouted as she wrapped her arms 
around his neck, pressing her cheek to his and purring some.  Aeka, having 
watched this, felt her right eye begin to twitch and that large vein on her 
head begin to throb, clenched her fists into balls and opened her mouth to 
speak.
	"Because, Ryoko we're going to Galaxy Police Headquarters...that's why..." 
Mihoshi blurted out suddenly, "Unless you want to go there and be situated 
in prison."
	"Mihoshi?" Kiyone blinked, staring at her usual clueless partner.
	"Yeah Kiyone?"
	"Err, nothing..." Everyone just stood there, completely surprised by 
Mihoshi's words.  Once again, she bewildered them all with actually thinking 
out a thoughtful response.
	"Well, that's true, Mihoshi..." Ryoko began, releasing one hand from around 
Tenchi's neck and holding to her chin in thought.
	"You're just not coming with us, Ryoko!" Tenchi finally said, squeezing out 
of her grasp and taking a step away.  Ryoko blinked and almost fell over, 
but caught herself and looked at Tenchi, an angry glare upon her face.  Then 
she reversed it quickly to a mock pout, as Aeka giggled some in the 
background.
	"But Tenchi..."
	"No!"
	"Well, fine.  I don't want to go to the stupid Galaxy Police Headquarters 
anyways..." Ryoko pouted, turning her head as Tenchi hung his head and 
breathed a sigh of relief.  Kiyone rolled her eyes and shook her head, 
Mihoshi doing the same.  Sanjou and Zynd, having zoned out awhile back were 
already on their way to Yugami, wanting to stay out of the conversations.
	"Well, then, since that's settled..." Yosho started, slightly amused at the 
situation. "You'd better all get  going now.  We'll see you in two 
days...Tenchi, take care of the girls..."
	"Yes grandpa..." Tenchi nodded and turned towards Yugami, Mihoshi and 
Kiyone right on his heels.
	"Bye Tenchi!" Aeka and Sasami said in unison, waving their hands towards 
the retreating boy, Ryo-Ohki meowing in her humanoid form.  "And bye Zynd! 
Be safe!" Sasami added, finding herself jumping up and down to wave to the 
Vor boy.  Zynd, having paused when he heard his name, turned on his heel and 
saw Sasami jumping up and down, Ryo-Ohki doing the same.  A smile coming to 
his face, Zynd raised his own arm and waved it to the two, just as Tenchi, 
Kiyone, and Mihoshi came up behind the Vor.
	"Alright...does everybody have everything?" Tenchi asked, looking to each 
member.  Each nodded in return after going over a mental list of what they 
needed to bring.
	"Okay then...are we missing anyone?"
	"Hey! Wait up!  Don't forget me!" came a shrill voice, causing the group of 
five to turn their heads to see who was calling them.  Tenchi and Zynd 
blinked, Mihoshi clasped her hands together happily, while Sanjou and Kiyone 
sighed.  It was Washuu and she was running towards them, hair waving madly 
in the long sprint to the ship.
	"Yes, what is it, Little Washuu?" Tenchi asked.
	"I'm coming with you..."
	"Why?"
	"Because I said so...and my god son is going." Washuu protested, arms 
crossed over her chest and a defiant glance on her face.  It was obvious to 
them that she wouldn't budge on her stance, so they reluctantly agreed.  
With everyone and everything accounted for, Kiyone grabbed her control cube 
and adjusted it, transporting them all onto the ship as everyone else 
watched from deck.
	"Hey! why does Washuu get to go!?" Ryoko growled, fist clenched and tail 
twitching at the scene.
	"Yeah, why does Miss Washuu get to go?" Aeka echoed the sentiment, her own 
fists clenching at the scene.
	"Because they let her?" Sasami asked, looking up to the two.  Aeka and 
Ryoko, having heard the voice, blinked and looked down to the younger girl, 
then to each other.  Just then, Yugami's engines turned on and the ship 
began to rise off the lake.
	"Well, we're going to, right Princess?" Ryoko growled and turned her head 
to Aeka.
	"For once, I agree." Aeka nodded her return as the others looked on and 
shook their heads.  Ryoko grabbed the humanoid Ryo-Ohko by the head, much to 
protests in meows, and threw her up into the air, causing the 
cabbit/humanoid to revert to cabbit.
	"Ryo-Ohki! GO!" Ryoko shouted, pointing her finger into the air and just 
awaiting the cabbit to transform into its ship mode.  Much to her 
disappointment and embarassment, Ryo-Ohki just fell to the ground, landing 
upon its feet.
	"Why you little traitor!" Aeka and Ryoko both yelled to the cabbit, just as 
Yugami's engines took full blast and the ship screamed off towards space.  
Sasami moved to stand in front of Ryo-Ohki, glaring at the two older girls.
	"How could you!?  You heard what mother and aunt Funaho said!  We're not 
supposed to leave till two days from now!" Sasami nearly screamed, hands 
going to hips as she scolded the two older girls.  "So you'll have to wait 
for two days, alright!?"
	Ryoko and Aeka blinked, looking to each other and then back to Sasami.  
Each nodded their head slowly at the young girl.  It was not often that 
Sasami expressed her rage, but when she did, it wasn't a pretty sight.
	"Alright then.  Let's go inside and watch TV." Sasami said, brushing past 
the two with Ryo-Ohki on her heels.  Ryoko and Aeka looked up to the sky as 
Yugami faded into a small light and sighed, turning on their heels and 
heading inside.

	"Alright, we've got the co-ordinates set.  It'll take us a full day before 
we arrive a Galaxy Police Headquarters." Kiyone declared, looking up from 
her console to the others in their small group.  The blue green haired 
police officer, dressed in uniform along with Mihoshi, had made sure the 
co-ordinates were locked in and password protected, so Mihoshi wouldn't 
screw it up.  However, since this morning, Mihoshi had actually shown some 
promise literally, but Kiyone knew she couldn't take any chances.
	"Alright.  I guess it's time to sit back and relax then." Tenchi smiled, 
only to find a strong hand placed along his shoulder.
	"Wrong, kid.  Time to train." Sanjou smirked, practically pulling Tenchi 
off the bridge of the ship, the rest chuckling as Tenchi groaned, but 
followed Sanjou.
	"Have fun, Tenchi!" Washuu said with a wide grin, giving a small wave to 
the two warriors, then turning to face the rest.  "Well, I'm ready to work.  
C'mon Zynd, let's go find something to do around here."
	"Okay, Washuu..." Zynd replied, nodding his brown haired head and padding 
out ahead of Washuu.
	"Washuu, uh, please don't mess with anything on Yugami..." Kiyone insisted 
as Washuu turned to exit the door.
	"What? Don't you trust me, Kiyone?" Washuu said, giving a smirk as she 
exited the bridge, the doors sliding shut behind her.
	"Not really..." mumbled Kiyone as Mihoshi covered her mouth to muffle a 
chuckle.
	"So what do we do now, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked, kicking up her feet and 
settling back into her chair.
	"I don't know...since everybody else is doing something, I guess we just 
sit here and wait till night rolls around..."
	"Oh...want to talk about something?  You know, to pass the time?" Mihoshi 
queried, looking out the bridge windows at the passing by of space.
	"We might as well...I mean, since everybody else is doing something."
	"Alright...so do you have the hots for Tenchi or what?  I mean, I know Aeka 
and 	Ryoko fight over him, but that doesn't mean he actually likes either of 
them, I mean, I know how much you spend at work and stuff, but--"
	"Mihoshi!" Kiyone said, eyes narrowing at the question.  "No, I do not have 
the hots for Tenchi!  and I'd rather talk about this."
	"Oh, well, okay than.  Guess that means I can hit on him while we're here." 
Mihoshi giggled some, blushing as she thought about it.  Kiyone just looked 
at her, blinking her eyes a few times at what she said.  Kiyone hadn't the 
slightest clue that Mihoshi was interested in Tenchi, namely due to the fact 
that the blonde was always tagging along with her.
	"Really, Mihoshi?  I mean, I thought..." Kiyone began, stupified by what 
she heard.
	"Well, yeah.  I mean, he -is- cute and he's really nice...he doesn't make 
fun of me as much as the others.  What do you think, Kiyone?  Like he and I 
could ever?"  Mihoshi asked, turning to face her partner.
	"Well, I guess...I mean, why wouldn't he?  You're not like Aeka or 
Ryoko..." Kiyone said, stumbling some as she spoke those words.  Oddly 
enough, she felt those words were actually the truth.  Why couldn't Mihoshi 
land Tenchi?  I mean she wasn't like Aeka in being all snobbish and regal, 
nor was she like Ryoko, all whiny and plotting.  To Kiyone, it seemed like 
Mihoshi had the best chance.
	"Really, Kiyone?" Mihoshi said, tears threatening to form upon her eyes as 
she smiled at the blue-green haired woman across from her.
	"Yes, Mihoshi, really...-now- can we change subjects?" Kiyone pleaded, 
wanting to get off the talk of guys.
	"Alright, Kiyone..." Mihoshi said.  "So, uh, what about Sanjou?  I mean, 
he's especially good-looking!"
	"Mihoshi!" Kiyone said, shooting a threatening glare to Mihoshi, who 
couldn't help but giggle.  Kiyone gave a soft 'ugh' and turned her head 
away, eyes rolling, and settled back into her chair.  Than she thought about 
it, Sanjou was great-looking.  And those muscles.  Kiyone's crimsoned some 
and she raised a hand over her face, trying to hide it from Mihoshi.

	"Aaaiiiieeee!" Tenchi yelled as bluish energy striked out to meet yellowish 
energy.  On the opposite end Sanjou grunted and battled back, energy 
cackling in that large bay of Yugami's.  The two warriors continued their 
graceful dance around the room, jumping, spinning, and sometimes flying 
through the air.  More often than once the combatants would stop to catch 
their breaths, only to glare at each other and restart back up training once 
more.
	"There you go, Tenchi! Release it!" Sanjou roared one time as Tenchi's face 
grew with concentration and anger to strike out against the Vor.  Then 
Tenchi kicked Sanjou to the floor with a well placed foot to his midsection, 
causing the Vor to 'oof' and fall to his ass, Tenchi's bluish blade finding 
itself at Sanjou's throat.
	"Well done, Tenchi..." Sanjou said as Tenchi came out of his trance, 
letting up for a second.  However, he kept the blade where it was, having 
been around his new trainer for quite awhile.  Sanjou nodded his head 
slightly, careful to avoid the blade.  "Very well done...I have taught you 
well..."
	Tenchi deactivated the blade and extended his hand towards the fallen Vor, 
a bright smile on his face.  "Thanks Sanjou, I believe this is the first 
time I've bested you."
	"Yes, it is..." Sanjou responded, hand clasping to Tenchi's forearm as the 
seventeen year old boy helped pull the warrior to his feet.  Sanjou dusted 
himself off and clenched his own sword in his hand.  It was a great 
achievement for Tenchi, for he finally bested the Vor warrior in their 
training combat.  Sanjou, who was giving it his all, believed Tenchi was 
ready for the next phase.  "Alright Tenchi.  Let's see if we can get your 
Light Hawk Wings to activate."
	Tenchi blinked, eyes wide in surprise at Sanjou's askance.  Did he just 
want him to activate the Light Hawk Wings on command?  Did he not know it 
was almost impossible for him to do so?  Well, at least on command.  "Well, 
I'll try..."
	"There is no try.  There is only doing so." Sanjou commented, taking a few 
steps back to allow Tenchi to transform to battle mode.  Tenchi, moving his 
right hand to the finger that held the transformation ring, nodded to Sanjou 
and adjusted the ring, the clothes on his body becoming replaced for 
Juraiian battle clothing, his face being partially painted black and three 
tear marks appearing on his forehead.
	"Alright...here I go." Tenchi said, closing his eyes and concentrating on 
bringing the Light Hawks Wings to the surface.  After about fifteen seconds, 
Tenchi sighed and opened his eyes, frustrated.
	"It's hard to do...it's like I can only do it when my life or others is in 
danger..."  Tenchi explained, but Sanjou didn't buy it.  The Vor warrior 
raised a hand to his forehead and stroked his finger lightly across it in a 
strange manner.  And just as Tenchi's clothing did change, Sanjou's did 
also.  Midnight blue coverings were replaced by jet black, tightly fitting 
to his well muscled form, his face becoming half-painted in red, two black 
tear marks suddenly appearing underneath his left eye.  Tenchi, having 
witnessed this act, blinked his eyes in surprise and dropped his jaw.
	"Obviously, you assume only Juraiian warriors and space pirates can change 
into a battle mode?" Sanjou smirked, having seen the boy's reaction.  "Now, 
witness the other part of the greatest power in the universe."
	Without even to having to close his eyes, Sanjou's body began to be 
encompassed within a yellow flame.  Two wing-like yellow panels suddenly 
appeared before his body, allowing Sanjou to place his hands upon them, 
allowing them to press into Sanjou and encompass his body.  Slowly, the 
black chest area changed to two yellow tear marks as a solid yellow stripe 
made their way down each arm, the red paint falling from his face, the tears 
marks remaining underneath his left eye.  The sword in his hand changed to a 
broadsword with a flame-like blade of solid metal.  Tenchi watched this all 
and blinked his eyes, speechless in his words.
	"W-w-wow, Sanjou...I never knew..." Tenchi said, honestly astonished by the 
sight.
	"Of course not, I've been dead in this timeline for thousands of years, 
thusly, leaving your Light Hawk Wings as the greatest power." Sanjou 
declared, dropping his weapon to his side and watching Tenchi.
	"Alright now...your turn."
	"I don't know if I can..." Tenchi said, shaking his head some.
	"Oh, quit thinking you can't and just do it!" Sanjou suddenly yelled with 
slight annoyance and anger in his voice.  "Or else I'll kick your ass from 
here to next week."
	Tenchi, taken aback by the words and gulped.  Suddenly, the tear marks on 
his forehead flashed, as three white panels appeared before him.  Placing 
both hands upon those panels, they began to encompass him, his suit changing 
to white suit he'd worn in that battle with Kagato, the white broadsword 
suddenly appearing in his hand.  A blink of disbelief in his eyes and he 
looked to Sanjou, who was smiling broadly.
	"See?  I told you." Sanjou smirked, powering down to his regular self, 
dressed in midnight blue coverings.  The tear marks vanished from his face 
as he took a step forward towards Tenchi.  Tenchi powered down also, 
returning to his regular clothing, his sword reappearing in his hand.
	"If mine's the Light Hawk Wings...what's yours?" Tenchi asked as Sanjou 
stopped in front of him.
	"The Dark Phoenix Wings." Sanjou stated.  "Passed down through my lineage 
by the god Yamayake."
	Tenchi blinked, not really familiar with this new god.  He'd known Tsunami 
had given him the Light Hawk Wings, but he wasn't sure why this Yamayake 
wasn't present in this universe or if he was just hiding, perhaps it had to 
do with the disappearance of the Vor people.  Perhaps he would ask Sanjou 
about this.
	"Yamayake?  I've never heard of him." Tenchi said, tilting his head in an 
inquisitive manner at the Vor warrior before him.
	"I know." Was all that Sanjou stated, suddenly moving away from the boy and 
to the set of metal doors that connected the bay to the rest of the ship.  
Tenchi blinked at this and was about to open his mouth, but didn't, thinking 
if Sanjou didn't want to tell him fully, then he didn't need to bother him 
about it.  With a slight nod, Tenchi followed after the elder warrior, his 
stomach rumbling from hunger.
	"So, is that it for the day?" Tenchi asked, catching up to the man and 
walking beside him as the exited the bay doors.
	"Yes, that's it.  We can just relax for the night...plus I'm hungry." 
Sanjou said, offering a grin to the young boy.  Tenchi laughed and nodded 
his head, covering his rumbling stomach.
	"I sure hope they have some good food on this ship."
	"I know what you mean, kid."

	Dinner rolled around and everyone met in Kiyone's room to eat the dinner 
that would be awaiting them.  Much to all of their surprise, Zynd and Washuu 
prepared dinner for the other four, Kiyone glad that she didn't have to 
cook.  Everyone settled around a small, triangular table that was set up in 
the room, Mihoshi purposely placing herself next to Tenchi since Aeka nor 
Ryoko were around to get in her way.  Tenchi, too hungry to notice, just 
waited for the food to arrive.  Sanjou and Kiyone, having taken a seat 
beside each other, awaited also, Kiyone a bit nervous and shy to strike up a 
conversation with the warrior.  It was some five minutes before Washuu and 
Zynd brought forth the dinner that they spend working on.  Everyone licked 
their lips hungrily as the scent of the food wafted to their noses, it 
definetly smelled delicious and edible.  The food was placed onto the table 
and everyone dug in, almost biting Washuu's and Zynd's hands off in the 
process.
	"Well, sheesh, I never knew you guys were that hungry." Washuu remarked 
settling down next to Zynd.
	"Thanks, Washuu!" Tenchi declared, putting a hefty portion of food upon his 
place while smiling to the red haired scientist.
	"Well, I wouldn't thank me...I only helped, Zynd did most of the work." 
Washuu smiled, ruffling the hair of her godson, who could only grin some and 
nod.
	"Then thanks, Zynd..."
	"Yes, son, you've obviously learned alot from Sasami." Sanjou suddenly 
said, helping himself out to a hefty portion, also.
	"Thanks, you guys." Zynd said, honesty splattered all over his face.  He 
wasn't one to boast about skills, especially ones he learned from a woman he 
enjoyed being around.  No, he'd just take it as a compliment and nothing 
more.  He didn't want to let it go all to his head, now did he?
	Everyone expressed their gratitude for the meal and begin eating, using 
their chopsticks to usher the food into their mouth, especially Sanjou and 
Tenchi, who had been the most hungriest of all.  Everyone ate and conversed 
with each other, Mihoshi trying her best to flirt with Tenchi, who was 
clueless to it.  Zynd, feeling out of place without another his age, 
listened in on Kiyone, Sanjou, and Washuu's conversation.
	"So how do you think the Galaxy Police will respond to you being alive?" 
Washuu asked Sanjou, who was busy chewing some food.  Having to chew faster 
in order to speak, Sanjou decided to think about it in the meantime.  It 
didn't take long, however, as he swallowed and answered.
	"Much like everyone else.  Surprise, horror, and then acceptance." Sanjou 
smirked, having finished his meal and placing his chopstick upon the plate.  
Washuu snickered at that response, Kiyone chuckling at it some as well.
	"Mihoshi! What're you doing!?" Tenchi suddenly yelled, causing everyone to 
turn their heads abruptly and looking at the two.  Mihoshi had wrapped her 
arms around Tenchi's neck and was about to kiss him, when Tenchi yelled.
	"Well, well...you conniving little rat, Mihoshi." Washuu smirked, arching a 
brow at the scene as Mihoshi realized that everyone had noticed her.  
Blushing, she unwrapped herself from Tenchi and smiled.  "I'm proud of you."
	Mishoshi giggled as Tenchi blinked at Washuu, narrowing his eyes.  Just 
when he thought he was getting a rest from Ryoko and Aeka, Mihoshi had to 
claim him.  Great, seems this wasn't going to be the peace and quiet he so 
desperately wanted.  Oh well, at least he didn't have to put up with Ryoko 
and Aeka's antics, because he was sure he could handle Mihoshi.
	"Well, uh, since dinner's done...I think I'll go relax...somewhere." Tenchi 
said, rising to his feet and heading for the door, only to hear some dreaded 
words behind him.
	"Wait for me, Tenchi!" Mihoshi giggled, pushing herself up from the table 
and walking on out after him.  Tenchi, having heard her coming, quickly 
hastened his step and hurried out the door, looking to dodge the obviously 
'playful' tanned blonde.
	"Well, I'm going to go work some." Washuu said, rising to her feet as well 
and heading for the door.  "You kids play nice now, you hear?" Washuu 
snickered, exiting the door and leaving Kiyone, Sanjou, and Zynd alone.  
Sanjou shook his head as Kiyone blushed, though she turned her head away to 
prevent anyone from seeing.  Zynd, on the other hand, rose to his feet and 
gathered up the dishes, taking them over to the dish washer and loading them 
up.  Then, he headed towards the door as his father and Kiyone just watched.
	"Where are you off to, son?" Sanjou asked, raising a brow at his son's 
actions.  Zynd, pausing in his footsteps, turned to his father and smiled 
some.
	"Off to help Tenchi."
	Sanjou and Kiyone laughed, which, in return, made Zynd chuckle, a hand 
raising to scratch his head.  Turning on his heel, he continued on his way 
towards the door, exiting to leave the Galaxy Police Officer with the Vor 
warrior.  Kiyone looked at Sanjou and vice versa, an awkward moment pursuing 
forth until one of them would speak.
	"So, this is one fine ship you have here, Kiyone." Sanjou began, trying to 
find a good subject to start off on.  Although he was a fearless warrior, he 
was utterly fearful of one on one talks with a woman.
	"Thanks, I kind of worked hard to get Yugami to my liking..." Kiyone said, 
offering a brief smile to the man beside her.  "though Mihoshi finds a way 
to screw it up alot."
	Sanjou laughed some, finding the joke about Mihoshi somewhat lightening the 
mood.  "Yes, well, I just feel bad for Tenchi right now..."
	"I know.  I knew Mihoshi had a thing for him, but I didn't know she'd move 
this fast."
	"Well, we all know how deadly a sex drive can be..."
	Kiyone blinked and looked to Sanjou in surprise, a brow raised in question. 
  "Oh?  Do go on..."
	Sanjou blushed some and coughed, turning his head away some.  "Ummm, err, 
well, uh..."
	Kiyone giggled, raising a hand to cover her mouth while shaking her head at 
the warrior.  She certainly hadn't expected this sort of thing to happen.  
He seemed so different when it was one on one, like he was actually scared 
of her.  Then again, she hadn't found herself this wrapped up in a guy in a 
long time.  Looking back up to watching him turn back to her, his face still 
crimson from the blush, she offered a smile and rose to her feet.
	"C'mon, I need to return to the bridge, anyhow.  If you wish, you can come 
along."
	Sanjou blinked and nodded slowly, rising to his own feet to rise above the 
police officer.  "It would be most interesting.  So yes, I accept your 
invitation."
	Kiyone nodded her head and gestured Sanjou to the door, moving to it quite 
swiftly.  Sanjou nodded and followed, promptly exiting out the door after 
her.

	"Is everything ready?" came a voice from a being shrouded in darkness.  The 
twelve small beings it was directed to whipped around in utmost fear and 
nodded their heads quickly, careful to avoid their master's vengeful wrath.  
It seemed lately their master was especially agitated at what was going on, 
having been blowing up random things at a simple question or interruption.  
Whatever it was, it certainly didn't bode well for the smaller beings.
	"Excellent.  Do it."  The being spoke from where it stood, not even wishing 
to go any farther to inspect.  The beings shuddered and nodded their heads, 
spreading their four arms to each other and interlinking with each other.  
Blackish energy began to swirl around their bodies, funneling towards the 
center they created, chanting beginning to pick up as they concentrated at 
the task at hand.  Slowly, but surely, the black energy began to pool 
together, causing a large, black oval to arise.  Once it had reached a 
certain height, the beings changed their chant and their arms unlocked from 
each other, now becoming spread out before them in focus on the black pillar 
of dark energy before them.  The dark being, ever the impatient and watching 
being it was, grumbled something quietly about the procedure taking too 
long.  However, it wouldn't be long now.  For what came next caused the 
being to smile a dark grin, something it typically enjoyed when its mood was 
grand.
	From that black energy, a form began to take shape.  It came in the form of 
a man, a man lost over a year ago.  A man whose death caused great joy to 
the universe.  The chant ceased, the arms dropped and the small beings 
quickly disappeared into the shadows at their finished work.  The dark being 
remained, merely watching the new form open its eyes and glance around the 
darkened place with amusement.
	"I assume this is Hell..." The man said, not quite seeing the dark being in 
the near distance.
	"Not exactly, friend.  You are alive once more."
	"I see.  I commend you, then.  Now, if you will excuse me.  I have some 
revenge to complete."  The man said, swiftly turning his head up in the air 
and looking for a way out.
	"I know."
	"Well, that's good of you.  Now if you'll show me the way out.  I'll kindly 
take my leave." The man responded, looking to the source of the voice and 
squinting his eyes to barely make the outline of the dark being.  It didn't 
look like much of a threat, so he was sure it wouldn't take that much effort 
to crush the being if it got in his way.
	"I would, but I can't.  Not until you agree to my proposition."
	"Proposition?  Are you kidding me?"
	"It's either that or go back to being dead."  The dark being said, eyes 
flashing red at the insolence of the man.  What an ungrateful little man, 
after giving him life once more, he still thought he was above everyone 
else.  The man, overhearing those words, bowed his head in thought and 
frowned some.  He really didn't appreciate the treatment he was recieving, 
but what else could he do?  He didn't know where he was nor did he want to 
go back to being dead.
	"Than speak."
	"You will get your revenge, as well as more.  In case you hadn't heard, the 
'Great Destroyer' has returned."
	The man, not used to such surprises, blinked back in astonishment and 
raised his head in question.  Did he just hear that right?  The Vor warrior 
had returned?
	"Impossible.  He's been dead for over seven thousand years."
	"It seems your dear teacher brought him back.  And, to top it all off, he's 
aligned himself with that Earth boy."
	"Tenchi." The man growled, hands dropping to his sides and clenching 
tightly into little balls.  His borw furrowed, he gritted his teeth.  
Obviously, it was an unfathomable hate that plagued the man into an 
unbridled quest for revenge.  The dark being smirked, enjoying this little 
display of anger.
	"I see you know him.  Now, what I want you to do is attack them.  But do 
not destroy them, for that will come later.  A strafing run should suffice."
	"If it is what will keep me alive." The man mumbled, still shaking in utter 
contempt for the boy Tenchi.  "But I want the boy and Ryoko.  They will both 
pay."
	"It will be so.  Now go in the ship that I've provided for you, Kagato.  It 
should keep your return a secret." The dark being spoke, a door opening from 
nowhere to a hangar bay.  Kagato nodded his head and turned towards it, 
robes fluttering and twirling around his body.  He vanished quickly from the 
room, the door sliding shut after he had left, leaving the dark being to 
himself and his thoughts.
	"And so it begins..."

	"Mihoshi, would you stop!?" Tenchi complained, doing his best to fight off 
as Mihoshi began fumbling for the boy's shirt.  Tenchi had just wanted to 
relax and watch television for awhile, but what he was getting was Mihoshi 
trying to get his t-shirt off.
	"Awww, come on, Tenchi, nobody has to know..." Mihoshi giggled, hands still 
fumbling hem of Tenchi's shirt to get it off.  "It'll be between you and 
me."
	"And me." another voice announced, causing both Mihoshi and Tenchi to blink 
and look towards the doorway to see Zynd standing there, a wide grin upon 
his face.  Mihoshi gulped and suddenly removed her hands from Tenchi's 
shirt, grabbing a magazine from out of nowhere and pretending to having read 
it the entire time.  Only problem was that it was upside down.  Tenchi 
breathed a sigh of relief and nodded his appreciation to Zynd.
	"So what's on the television?" Zynd said as he walked on over to the couch 
where they were situated and taking a seat between the sex-driven Mihoshi 
and Tenchi.  Mihoshi sighed some and dropped the magazine, eyes going to the 
Vor boy, then Tenchi, then the television.
	"Uh, nothing much.  Just some cheap sitcoms." Tenchi replied, settling back 
into the couch and focusing himself on the tv.
	"Oh? what's it called?" Zynd asked, peering curiously at the people on the 
television.
	"I don't know, really...some American show called 'The King of Queens'" 
Tenchi replied, looking for the remote to change channels.
	"Huh?  'The King of Queens'?  is it about royalty or something?" Mihoshi 
said, closely watching the television now, wanting to know how royalty acted 
on Earth.
	"Uh, I think so.  Though, I don't think America actually has royalty."
	"That's strange, why name the show that then, if you don't have it?" Zynd 
said, scratching at his head as he tried to decipher the meaning of it all.
	"I don't know.  Americans are weird that way." Tenchi responded and sighed, 
having lost all hope of finding the remote.
	"I see..."
	"Oh! maybe it's one of those fantasy sitcoms!" Mihoshi blurted out, nodding 
her head matter of factly as she looked to both of them.  Tenchi was about 
to respond when the ship shuddered violently, causing everyone to rock on 
the couch before falling to the floor.
	"What was that!?" Tenchi yelled, holding his head after regaining his 
composure.
	"I don't know..." Zynd started as Mihoshi got to her feet as a vidscreen 
popped up on the wall, Kiyone's face the fixture upon it.
	"Everyone alright?"
	"Yeah, Kiyone, but, uh, what just happened?" Mihoshi said, blinking her 
blue eyes at her partner in question.
	"We were under attack.  Thankfully, we got our shields up in time."
	"Do you know who it was?" Tenchi asked from the background, Zynd helping 
him to his feet.  The screen moved along the wall some so Kiyone could see 
Tenchi clearly.
	"No clue, though Washuu and Sanjou are working on it."  Kiyone nodded.  
"Something came up on scanners, but we could actually see it."
	"That's weird." Zynd replied, bowing his head in thought to the oddity.
	"Yes, it was.  But it left and quick.  It was very strange."
	"Well, that's good.  I really don't want to die." Tenchi said, offering a 
cheesy grin as Mihoshi mirrored his answer with a look to Kiyone.
	"I don't either.  But, everything's okay.  Kiyone out." The blue-green 
haired officer replied as the screen flared out, leaving the three to their 
own thoughts about what happened.
	"Has Washuu gotten those scans done yet?" Kiyone said, looking away from 
the closed viewscreen to Sanjou, who was seated in Mihoshi's chair next to 
her.
	"Yeah, she said it was definetly a ship.  But she couldn't pinpoint as to 
whose it was or how we couldn't see it." Sanjou said, looking up from the 
data screen before him to the woman.  Kiyone nodded, raising her hand to tap 
at her chin to think on this for a bit.
	"I see you are as perplexed by this as am I." Sanjou stated, taking note of 
her look.
	"I just don't get it.  Why would someone just attack and leave?"
	"To this question, I do not know.  Perhaps it is a warning."
	"A warning?  but why?"
	"I just don't know, Kiyone." Sanjou said, leaning back into the chair and 
crossing his arms across his chest, head bowing in thought.  "I just don't 
know."
	Kiyone, taken back by the warrior's unsure answers, became slighty worried. 
  If this was a warning, it meant that a deadly threat could soon be 
followed.  This didn't bode well for them.  It didn't bode well at all.

	"Incoming ship on scanners, sir!" barked a dispatch at the Galaxy Police 
Headquarters.  A captain stepped forward and looked over the dispatch's 
shoulder.
	"Identification?"
	"It's the Yugami, sir.  First Class Detective Kiyone's and Mihoshi's ship."
	"Ah, yes.  We've been expecting them.  Give them clearance, dispatch." The 
captain said, turning from the screen and returning to his chair in the 
center of the room.  They were a bit early, but that's no concern for them.  
He'd just have to contact the Major and tell him, his daughter and the Vors 
had arrived.
	"Yes, sir.  Instructing them to bay area 34Z." The dispatch said, flipping 
on the viewscreen to a picture of Kiyone.

	"Alright, dispatch.  Yugami out." Kiyone said, flipping off the viewscreen 
and plopping back into her chair.  Mihoshi plopped back also, having heard 
as well.
	"Well, Kiyone, we finally made it back." Mihoshi said, attempting to be 
cheerful about the whole situation.
	"I know Mihoshi, but I'd like to be stationed here.  Not just dropping off 
new citizens." Kiyone said, unaware of the impending figures that stood in 
the doorway.
	"Technically, I'm an old citizen, Officer." Sanjou stated, a bright smirk 
upon his face as Kiyone cringed at the voice, face turning red in 
embarrassment.  Turning, she looked back to see Sanjou, Tenchi, Washuu, and 
Zynd at the door, each just smirking at Kiyone's words.
	"Well, uh, not that you guys aren't important or anything..." Kiyone began, 
feeling her embarrassment take full swing, just as Mihoshi giggled at her.  
"Shut up Mihoshi!"
	Mihoshi froze in her giggling and blinked.  "I'm sorry, Kiyone..."
	"I assume we're supposed to be heading for the hatch now, correct?" Sanjou 
said, switching subjects before Kiyone killed Mihoshi.  Kiyone nodded, 
turning her head back to the control panels in front of her, ashamed of 
making a jackass of herself in front of the Vor Warrior.  Mihoshi jumped up 
from her chair and made her way over to the rest of the group.  Tenchi, upon 
seeing this, quickly gulped and looked around for exits, not wanting to be 
under anymore affection from the blonde.
	"This way please!" Mihoshi said, shuffling past the group to the hatch 
area, the rest of the group following more slowly, especially Kiyone.  As 
they walked down the long hallway, Yugami shuddered as it attached itself to 
dock, signaling its arrival at Galaxy Police Headquarters.  The sound of the 
engines powering down was heard as the AI system reflected what happened 
with a monotonous 'engines are shut down.'
	"Engines are shut down, Kiyone." Mihoshi said, figuring it would be good to 
tell her partner what the AI had just said.
	"I know, Mihoshi." Kiyone said, irritation in her voice at the pointing out 
of the obvious.
	"Alright...Oh! Here we are!" Mihoshi said, stopping in her tracks before 
the medium sized double doors that would lead the group onto the dock 
attachment to the station.  Pressing a button close by, the doors shuddered 
open, the sound of air rushing in to meet them.  Sanjou coughed some, eyeing 
the short walk to Police Headquartes with some disdain.  He felt uneasy 
about this whole thing, but he did have say he would go through with it.  
And he wasn't one to break his word.
	"Alright, let's go then." Mihoshi said, exiting out of Yugami and onto the 
dock attachment.
	"Boy, she's excited to be back here..." Washuu commented, arm wrapped 
around Zynd's shoulders and ushering him ahead with her.
	"As long as it's not on me...I'm glad." Tenchi said to himself, though 
Sanjou and Kiyone overheard.  The last three off the ship, the heard the 
door slide shut behind them as they crossed the dock attachment to the main 
station.  Once they arrived on the station, the double doors to the dock 
attachment and Yugami slid close as well, seemingly stranding the group of 
six upon the station.  Kiyone, glancing around the Headquarters once more, 
seemed to smile and sigh happily, glad to be home.  Mihoshi looked around in 
wonder, as if she had been here for the first time.  Washuu and Sanjou 
seemed unimpressed, each having been here before several times in their 
past.  Tenchi and Zynd stared around in awe, never had they been on a space 
station before in their lives.  So it was something new and different to 
them.  As all of them stared around in wonder, a tall blonde-headed man came 
around a long bending corner.  Dressed in a police uniform with medals 
adorning his chest like a decorated war hero and a long flowing regal white 
cape to boot, the man seemed to be a higher up in the agency.
	"Welcome home, Detectives." The man stated, pausing in step to glance at 
the first class detectives.
	Kiyone snapped to attention and saluted the man, while Mihoshi's eyes grew 
wide with tears that threatened to fall.
	"First Class Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi reporting as requested, sir." 
Kiyone said by herself.  Out of the corner of her eye, she narrowed her eyes 
at her tan partner, who was busy trying not to weep.
	"Grandfather!" Mihoshi said, rushing forward and taking in the man with big 
embrace, taking everyone, including him, by surprise.  Kiyone sighed and 
dropped her head and salute, as the rest blinked on in surprise.
	"Well, well, now I see how she got the job..." Washuu whispered to Tenchi, 
who nodded his head in agreement.
	"Yes, Mihoshi, it is good to see you, too..." The Major said, returning the 
embrace of the young blonde.  It had been quite awhile since they had seen 
one another, but from what the Major had heard, the girl was doing quite 
well.  Mihoshi continued to wail and cry in her grandfather's uniform as 
they others waited patiently for the officer to release the Major.  Even the 
Major knew it was enough as he tried to dislodge himself from his 
granddaughter, but to little avail.
	"Mihoshi." Kiyone said, which eventually called the girl to her senses.  
Blinking, Mihoshi wiped her tears and backed away from her grandfather, 
standing at attention and saluting the man.  Having to re-straighten his 
uniform out, the Major returned the salute.
	"Alright, then.  I guess these are our guests." The Major said, looking 
over the group, starting with Washuu and Zynd, then moving to Tenchi, before 
finally settling on Sanjou.
	"Yes, Major, sir, they are." Kiyone responded, taking a step forward to 
introduce the group to him.
	"Tenchi Masaki, Crown Prince of Jurai.  Washuu the Scientist.  And then 
Sanjou and his son, Zynd, from the planet Vor."
	"Ahhh, yes.  Tenchi and Washuu." The Major began, looking over the two and 
offering them nods.  Then his blue eyes turned to the two Vors.  The first 
thing he noticed about them was their yellow eyes, how they resembled eerie 
demon-like eyes.  He wasn't visibly unnerved by them, but deep down inside, 
it made him shudder.  They were definitely how the history books described 
them.  "Sanjou and Zynd.  Well met and welcome to Galaxy Police 
Headquarters."
	"We thank you, Major." Sanjou said, nodding his head to the man and looking 
around the place a bit.  "I like the new layout."
	The Major blinked, then grinned some, adding a chuckle to his words.  
"Well, it has been awhile since you last visited a Galaxy Police 
Headquarters..."
	"No...not really." Sanjou responded, shaking his head some and offering his 
own grin.
	"Huh?" The Major asked, raising a brow as Washuu jabbed Sanjou in the ribs.
	"He meant nothing by it, Major." Washuu began, smiling to the man before 
glaring up to Sanjou.  "Now did you?"
	"Yes, that's right.  Just a joke." Sanjou said, returning the glare to 
Washuu while rubbing his ribs.  Then he looked to the Major and smiled.  The 
Major, obviously confused, laughed some and cleared his throat, turning in 
the direction where the heart of the station was.
	"This way, if you would please.  We should get you to the citizen 
processing office."  And off he walked, Mihoshi taking off to chat some with 
her grandfather some more.  Washuu and Zynd continued onward, Tenchi taking 
stride next to them as Kiyone and Sanjou brought up the rear.
	"I hate the fact that I'm supposed to be risen from the dead."  Sanjou 
stated, furrowing his brow some at the whole idea of lying.
	"I don't think people would buy it if you were from an alternate timeline.  
Besides, the proof of that is gone, you did erase information and destroy 
Washuu's machine." Kiyone returned, keeping an eye on the group ahead of 
them.
	"Yes, but only because I wished not to return there."
	"Why's that?"
	"Reasons."
	"I know why." Washuu butted in, having overheard the entire conversation 
and slowing down her walk to become in front of them.  Kiyone blinked and 
looked to her, while Sanjou just frowned and looked away.  It had become 
obvious to Kiyone that Sanjou was visibly angry at the conversation, but her 
curiousity to know about him asked Washuu to explain.
	"Why, Washuu?" Kiyone said, throwing a look back to Sanjou for a second 
before returning it to the scientist.
	"I cannot tell you, only he can." Washuu said and paused, grinning up to 
the blue-haired officer.  "But from what I know, I understand why he feels 
that way."
	Kiyone nodded at that and returned her gaze to the Vor warrior, who had 
hurried his footsteps to catch up with his son and Tenchi, who greeted the 
man with a grin and joke.  It was then Kiyone had felt sorry for the man, 
whatever it was he was running from in his past, he sure couldn't hide from 
it here.  Or could he?  Perhaps that's why he was wanted him and his son in 
this timeline.  Perhaps that's why he destroyed Washuu's machine.  Whichever 
it happened to be, Kiyone knew it pained and angered the warrior to have it 
brought up.  Not wanting to be on his bad side, she just let the subject go. 
  Perhaps someday he would tell her, so her curiousity could be satisfied.
	It wasn't but another five minutes before the group reached the destination 
of citizen processing.  It was a large office with numerous desks and people 
that just told of how important the branch was.  The Major escorted Sanjou 
and Zynd into the office, politely asking the rest of the group to wait 
outside while the files were corrected.  The rest nodded and waited outside, 
sitting on benches or leaning against the wall.
	"I wonder how long it will take them?" Tenchi said, glancing around the new 
section of headquarters they were in.  It looked so bland with just being 
blue and white and metallic pieces.  But then again, it was a police 
headquarters.
	"Probably not too long for Sanjou.  Zynd's may take awhile, since he would 
be a new citizen." Kiyone responded, arms crossed across her chest and 
leaning against the wall across from the office door.  Every now and then 
she'd look up at the office door, just wondering how uncomfortable Sanjou 
and his son were feeling.  With everyone staring at them like freak shows 
since they got here, she figured it must be making them feel unwanted.
	"I'd say half an hour, maximum." Mihoshi said, leaning against the wall 
next to Kiyone.
	"Eh, I'm sure it'll be less than that.  Especially if they do interrogation 
upon Zynd." Washuu smirked while she typed away at her dimensional computer.
	"Why do you say that, Washuu?" Tenchi said, as everyone looked to her.
	"Yes, Washuu, why -do- you say that?" Kiyone mirrored Tenchi's question.
	"You know how protective he is of his son...he's probably in there giving 
them nasty looks or something." Washuu said without even looking up from her 
computer screen as it displayed odd shapes and data upon it.  Kiyone looked 
to Tenchi, who looked to Mihoshi, who just shrugged, not really sure.
	"But that's just a theory." Washuu concluded, looking up and offering 
everyone a smirk.  "I'm sure everything's alright, really."
	"I hope so...for the officer's sake." Tenchi chuckled, relaxing back 
against the wall.  Somehow, he didn't picture Sanjou harming a police 
officer in their own headquarters.  That would be considered suicide, seeing 
as it probably had nifty gadgets that kept anything from happening.
	"So do I, Tenchi...so do I." Washuu said as continued to type away, not 
really reflecting of the matter anymore.
	"Uh, we'll be back." Kiyone said, pulling Mihoshi along with her as they 
headed towards the office door and disappeared inside.
	"What's their deal?" Tenchi said, watching as the door slammed shut.
	"They actually believed us." Washuu said.

	Fifteen minutes had passed with the door opening every so often, causing 
Tenchi to look up and watch a new person  come out.  None had been Sanjou or 
Zynd, nor the two police officers, until the fifteen minute mark.  Sanjou 
and Zynd, followed by Kiyone, Mihoshi, and her grandfather stepped out of 
the office, the Major conversating with the two younger police officers.
	"You interrupted the processing just to make sure everyone was going 
smoothly, Detectives?" The Major stated as both Tenchi and Washuu looked up 
to watch the interaction.
	"Yes, sir, we thought since the Vor were under our care we should make 
sure." Kiyone explained, offering  a half-smile to her superior officer.  
The Major seemed unamused, his eyebrow raising at the short explanation 
while he crossed his arms across his chest.  However, that didn't last long 
as Sanjou interjected himself and said it was problem of the sort.  They got 
the processing done, did they not?  The Major begrudingly agreed and sighed. 
  He'd been under alot of stress lately and it seemed the slightest thing 
was upsetting him.  A nod of his head and he bid the group goodbye, leaving 
them to explore Galaxy Police Headquarters by themselves.
	"Sooooo, anybody hungry?" Kiyone asked, looking to each of the five.
	"You just spoke our language, Kiyone!" Tenchi said, jumping up from his 
seat upon the bench and holding his stomach.  "I could eat anything!"
	"Yes, I could, too." Washuu giggled, computer disappearing as she jumped up 
also.
	"I believe we could all eat." Sanjou reiterated, nodding to the officer.
	"Follow me, then!" Mihoshi sounded as she turned to go down a hall towards 
the cafeteria.
	"Mihoshi!" Kiyone said angrily, Mihoshi freezing in her foot steps and 
turning her head to look back at her partner, confusion and apology upon her 
face.  "It's the other way."
	"Oh!" Mihoshi said, smiling apologetically and coming back their way and 
past them to the right direction for the cafeterium.  "This way.  It's been 
awhile for me."
	"It's always been awhile for her." Washuu snickered to the rest, causing a 
slight wave of chuckles to erupt as they moved on off after the blonde 
officer.  Kiyone and Sanjou once again took up the rear, the woman never 
really having the chance to offer her thanks to the Vor for bailing herself 
out of that sticky situation with the Major.
	"About what you did back there..." Kiyone started, walking beside the 
warrior with her head and focus straight.  Sanjou turned his head slightly 
and just smiled, knowing what was about to come.
	"No need, Kiyone."
	Kiyone nodded and smiled to herself, glad that the man understood what she 
wanted to say to him.  She never really offered her thanks to anybody before 
when it came to police work, because she always knew she was capable of 
getting herself out of a jam, especially with Mihoshi as a partner.  But 
with the Major back there, she felt useless and lost.  Had it not been for 
Sanjou, who knows what might have happened?  She'd probably never forget 
what he did.  Soon, they came upon the cafeterium and quickly they all 
spread out, moving to get the food that they desired at their present 
moment.  Once they had done so, they returned to a table big enough for all 
of them to sit at and eat, plus converse if they wanted to.  Mostly, the 
group ate in quiet as several officers who Kiyone and Mihoshi graduated with 
came up to and chatted with the officers briefly, before they had to report 
for duty again.  Other than that, there was nothing of value to discuss or 
anything surprising.  They finished up their dinner and left the cafeterium, 
heading back towards the ship as Kiyone recieved word that the Queen's ship 
had arrived in park around the headquarters station.  Just as they had 
planned back on Earth.  Now it was time for them to head to Jurai.  It was 
going to take a few days before they reached there, due to the fact that the 
Queen's had decided to take everyone to a vacation spot for a day or two.  
They believed it would be a nice relaxing break from space travel for them 
all.

	"I have done as you asked, Munashii." Kagato stated, entering the room 
where he first met the shrouded man who ressurected him from the dead.  "So 
may I go on my way now?"
	"No, not yet.  One more thing must be done before I let you go." Munashii 
stated, huddled in the darkness as he eyed the arrogant man with disdain.  
Had it not been for his expertise with the boy Tenchi, he wouldn't have even 
bothered to ressurect the man.  He did not care for his arrogance, but the 
man had his own plans, Munashii just wanted to destroy the Vor warrior 
before he interfered with his plans.
	"Which is?" Kagato asked impatiently, not wishing to hang around long.
	"We're going somewhere.  To battle."
	"Oh?  Is that so?"
	"Indeed.  And I'd like you to meet two of my associates." Munashii said as 
two beings stepped forward from literally nowhere.  "Kamikaze..." A man with 
a crazy look, with strange markings upon his face that
highly resembled a Juraiian warrior.  "And Sasake." A woman dressed in tight 
fitting clothing that left little to the imagination, and a energy blade 
pole in her left hand.
	"I see.  I assume they are to help us?" Kagato spoke once more, looking 
over the two warriors before him and nodding his approval, especially at the 
well formed woman.
	"Yes.  We will destroy the boy and the Vor, along with the rest of them." 
Munashii returned, offering an unseen evil grin to the man Kagato.  "And we 
leave now."
	"As you wish, Munashii." Kagato said, turning upon his heel and exiting the 
way he came in, back towards the space black vessel.  The two warriors 
followed after him, doing as their master wished.  His word was their 
orders.  They would die if he so commanded it, but that had yet to be 
determined by him.  Munashii merely disappeared from the room, transferring 
his body onto the vessel as the rest would take their seats.  Everything was 
in order, everything was prepared.  And his enemies wouldn't know they were 
coming.

This ends the story "The Road to GPH" as told by The ChatBastarde.  Please 
stay tuned for future installments.
