Tenchi's Brother Saga
Regular FANFIC
PART TWO: Revelations and Tsunami
By Iam DarkShadows
Email me at: Iam DarkShadows@aol.com
Completed: 12/10/00

Disclaimer: Everything in this Fan Fiction is property of AIC/Pioneer. I claim no rights to 
any of them. Please I am a very very poor person. Do not sue me and destroy my life. 
Thankyou

Author notes: This is part two finally completed. But I changed my mind on a couple of things.
Why? Because I can HA. Anyway all the stuff about love, Forget it, Im changing it but I wont
Say how, You'll just have to read the whole story. And I've decided Kiyone will be in this 
fanfic so rejoice. Anyway here's the part where everbody's question are answered or sorta. 
Ok I done so you can start reading thanx.

PART TWO: Revelations and Tsunami
	Washu's eyes darted back and forth across the computer screen. Data and 
information where pouring in and she was trying her hardest to keep her mind on it and 
believing it at the same time. DNA strands, Dimensional projections, Brain patterns, all 
this and more where being pulled from her subject as he sat patiently, letting her take 
what she needed. Sitting behind Washu, with his head in his hands, sat Tenchi. Ever once 
in a while he would up at the screen, but not understanding what it said he would put his 
head back down. Next to him sat Ryoko and Ayeka, neither of them paying much 
attention to the other, both were distracted by there own thoughts. Only Sasami, who was 
gleefully playing with Ryo-oki, seemed to not care one way or the other what was going 
on. Mihenchi watched her play as he waited for the gadget on his head to finish gathering 
the information he knew the others needed. He turned his gaze to Tenchi who still had his 
head in his hands. Despite his great happiness for finally being home he worn a frown of 
concern. Nothing he could do could shake the feeling of fear and confusion that Tenchi 
was feeling. The bond between him and his brother was very similar to the one that 
connected Washu and Ryoko. Although Tenchi had yet to learn how to read Mihenchi 
thoughts, Mihenchi had learned how to read Tenchi's years ago. Now as he waited in 
Washu's lab he reached out with his mind and tried to comfort Tenchi. "Tenchi," he 
thought, concentration completely engulfing him. Tenchi suddenly jerked his head up to 
meet Mihenchi gaze. "Don't say anything," Mihenchi said telepathically. "Just wait, there 
is nothing to fear about the truth to be revealed." Tenchi's eyes widen as he looks to see 
if anybody else had heard what he did, but nobody seemed to have.
"But how," Tenchi started, his voice just above a whisper, but stopped as Mihenchi 
slowly shook his head. Not wanting to push the issue just yet Tenchi put his head back 
into his hands. Feeling as if there was nothing more to be done Mihenchi turned his gaze 
back to Sasami, his smile once more returning as he watched the young princess play 
with her little cabbit, giggling all the while. Watching over all of them like the sentinel 
that she was, is Tsunami. She could sense all of their thoughts, Tenchi's were the most 
profound of course, but the others could still be felt. Mihenchi's concern, Ayeka's 
disbelief, Ryoko's wonder, she could feel all of them like they were her own thoughts. 
Through it all though she was determined to not let Sasami feel what she was. Tsunami 
knew that others grief greatly upset Sasami, and she wasn't going to let that happen. So 
she kept it all to herself, even though it was almost unbearable. She knew it was all her 
fault. All this time she had kept Mihenchi away from Tenchi and keeping Tenchi in the 
dark completely. She wondered once more if she had chosen the right time.
"Of course you did," said a voice in her head. She quickly turned her gaze to Mihenchi 
who was gazing back at her. A look of awe came over her face as Mihenchi simply kept 
on smiling. "Come on," he said once more directly to her mind. "You don't keep the 
company of a goddess for 17 years and not learn something from them."
"Can you do this with anybody," Tsunami asked him telepathically.
"No," he thought after a couple of seconds. "I have tried to connect with Princess Ayeka 
for a while now, but I haven't had any luck." Tsunami simply nodded, Mihenchi's power 
was great, but he still required a strong bond with someone before he could share his or 
her thoughts. Just then Washu's computer gave a finally beep before going quiet. Washu 
got down from her floating chair and stretched.
"Well the tests are done," she announced solemnly. " And the results are in." A vanilla 
folder materialized out of the air and fell into Washu waiting hands.
"That didn't take nearly as long as I thought it would," Mihenchi said quietly as he got up 
and took the gadget off his head. Washu shot him a piercing gaze before letting out a long 
hearty laugh.
"Of course not silly," she said still laughing. "Something like this is no problem for the 
universe's greatest scientific genius."
"Well of course," Mihenchi said, scratching the back of his head and letting out an 
uneasy laugh. Looking up once more Tenchi looked over Mihenchi again before turning 
to look at Washu.
"Little Washu," Tenchi started a hint of uneasiness in his voice. " Could you please tell 
me what the tests results say." Washu instantly stopped laughing, she fixed Tenchi in her 
gaze before opening the folder.
"Of course Tenchi," she said flatly, flipping through the papers in the folder. After a few 
seconds she closed the folder and cleared her throat. Everyone looked up and awaited the 
answer to the question that had been on all their minds, save Tsunami and Mihenchi's.
"I have run every test that I can," Washu finally said, "And they have all had the same 
results." Turning her gaze once more to Tenchi she announces her findings. "Every 
aspect of Mihenchi is the same as Tenchi," she says ignoring Tenchi's look of surprise. 
"Every DNA strand, every Mitochondria is a perfect match to Tenchi's and his mother 
Achika." Every one turns to look at Mihenchi who once more starts to scratch the back of 
his head. Before continuing Washu walks up and pokes Mihenchi in the ribs. "There no 
doubt about it," she exclaims. "Mihenchi here is in deed Tenchi's brother, they share the 
same mother and father and grandfather. Jurian blood runs through both their veins as 
well as earth blood." Ignoring everyone else once more Washu wraps it up. "Tests have 
also revealed that Mihenchi here is not from a different dimension, he was born in this 
one, and as far as I can tell has spent most of his life in this one." Satisfied, Washu 
returns to her floating chair and begins typing away at her console, leaving the others to 
contemplate this turn of events. No one says anything for a long time; the silence is only 
disturbed by Washu's typing. Finally it is Tsunami that speaks up.
"Once again I assure you all there is deception going on here," she says calmly.
"I didn't think for a minute that there would be," Tenchi says in response. Standing up he 
continues, "I trust you with my life Tsunami, I know that you would not lie to me." 
Shaking his head Tenchi continues, " What I don't understand is why nobody told me, I 
mean, my mother knew right? So why didn't she tell me before she died." Almost 
shaking with rage he presses on. "All this time, I had a brother and even my own mother 
and father kept it a secret from me." Just when it seems his rage will get the better of him; 
Tenchi feels a hand on his shoulder. He turns to come face to face with his brother who 
has a look of complete calm on his face.
" As I said before Tenchi, he says giving a reassuring smile, "Mother didn't know about 
me, none of this is her fault." Turning to look at Tsunami, he continues, "Nobody is at 
fault here." In response Tsunami smiles slightly. Once more confused Tenchi turns to be 
eye to eye with Mihenchi.
"What do you mean she didn't know about you, she gave birth to you didn't she?" 
"Tenchi," Tsunami says putting her hand where Mihenchi's was a second ago. "I erased 
the memory of Mihenchi from both of your parents, to ensure everyone's safety." 
Tenchi's face quickly goes from one of horror to rage.
"You erased their memory," he says turning around to face Tsunami. "You stole my 
parents memories of their son," he says, his voice ice cold. "Tsunami quickly turns he 
back to Tenchi, the look on his face, and the tone of his voice is too much for the 
Goddess to bear. "Why Tsunami? Why steal my brother then take away the memory of 
him from his parents?"
"I.I.had too," Tsunami says almost in tears. "I."
 "Tsunami took me away to keep you, mother and, me safe," Mihenchi says on behalf of 
the goddess. "Had I remained here all three of us would have been killed years ago." That 
last statement causes Ayeka to gasp and Ryoko to growl.
"What do you mean by that," Ryoko asks getting up. Before Mihenchi has a chance to 
answer Tsunami speaks up on his behalf.
"Ryoko, please," she says turning to face them once more. "When Tenchi and Mihenchi 
were born a great evil was roaming the universe." Ryoko starts to say something but 
stops as Ayeka gives her a disapproving look. "Together Tenchi and Mihenchi give off a 
enormous amount of Jurian energy. Not only could I sense that at there birth, apparently 
so did that evil." Turning to look at Tenchi's face she can see that the rage that was once 
there has been replaced by curiosity. She also notices Ayeka's look of concern, but she 
presses on. "That is why I was forced to separate Tenchi and Mihenchi. Once they were 
apart the energy they generated subsided, and the evil lost all interest in them and left in 
search of other such powers." Ayeka gasps as a realization washes over her.
"But Tsunami," she starts fear clearly on her face, "Now that Tenchi and Mihenchi are 
back together won't that evil you talk of be able to sense them again?" Smiling Tsunami 
shakes her head as Tenchi gives her an uneasy look.
"That evil has left this dimension," she explains as everyone lets out a sigh of relief. 
"That is one of the main reasons I choose now to have Mihenchi to return." Satisfied, 
Mihenchi shakes his head in agreement.
"I had to leave with Tsunami, Tenchi," he says solemnly. "I had to disappear in body and 
mind, otherwise mother and father would have been in grave danger." Tenchi turns to 
look once more upon the man who claims to be his brother. He nods his head slowly 
before speaking.
" I understand, thank you." Turning to look at Tsunami he goes on, "And thank you 
Tsunami for keeping everyone safe for all these years." Tsunami merely nods her head 
and smiles.
"I regret what I had to do to your parents Tenchi," she says, putting her hand on Tenchi's 
shoulder again. "And Tenchi," she starts before realizing Tenchi might not want the 
others to know what she is about to say.  Leaning very close to his ear she whispers to 
him softly. "Your mother knew before she died Tenchi," she says as she watches Tenchi 
eyes grow large. "I told her before she left, she was upset just like you are, but she was 
glad to know that you were both safe, and always would be," Tsunami says backing away 
from Tenchi slowly. Tenchi simply stares at her for a moment before shaking his head 
slowly. Still smiling Tsunami turns her attention to Washu, who is still typing away at her 
console. Undeterred she clears her throat before speaking up. "And thank you again for 
all your help Washu." In response, the typing ceases and Washu gets down from her 
floating chair. Stretching a little she nods quickly.
"No problem," she says. "Just glad that I could help Tenchi," she says giving Tenchi a 
wink. Tenchi instantly starts scratching his head nervously while Ryoko and Ayeka flash 
Washu looks of anger. Ignoring them, Washu turns to look at Mihenchi, who is also 
scratching his head nervously. "Mihenchi," she says questioningly, "How about you 
letting me run a couple of more test on you? I want to check out a couple of "details"." 
Mihenchi is about to say all right when he notices Tenchi making small "no" gestures 
with his hands. 
"Perhaps," Mihenchi starts. "I'll get back to you on it, okay" Washu merely shrugs and 
returns to her chair.
"Suit yourself," she says as she resumes typing. Both Mihenchi and Tenchi let out a sigh 
of relief.
"Thank you brother," Mihenchi says to Tenchi telepathically. Tenchi merely gives 
Mihenchi an uneasy look. "He still has a lot of doubts about me," Mihenchi thinks to 
himself. "I just hope they pass quickly, I can't stand making him uncomfortable." 
Consumed by his own thoughts, Mihenchi fails to hear Tenchi's.
"I just don't know," Tenchi thinks to himself. " I mean, Tsunami did say he was my 
brother, and Washu's tests confirmed it, but."
"Tenchi," Ryoko says grabbing him and breaking his train of thought. "Let's go okay, 
this lab is beginning to give me the creeps."
" Yes," Ayeka says stepping forward while giving Ryoko a VERY disapproving look. "I 
am also eager to depart. I mean no disrespect to Washu but this lab is making me a bit 
uncomfortable." Desperately trying to shake off Ryoko Tenchi nods his head in 
agreement.
"Okay we'll go," Tenchi says turning to address Sasami. "Isn't it dinner time anyway 
Sasami?" Sasami, who has been quietly playing with Ryo-Oki gets up and turns to meet 
Tenchi's gaze. Smiling she nods her head.
" I almost forgot about it, but it should be just about done now," she says starting for the 
door. "I'll get it ready for us." With that she steps through the dimensional doorway and 
leaves Washu lab.
"I fear it is time for me to go as well," Tsunami says bowing her head slightly. Looking 
up she shifts her gaze between Tenchi and Mihenchi. "I leave you now because there are 
things that I must attend to." Noticing Tenchi's look of terror, she smiles before going on. 
"I will be back though, do not worry Tenchi everything will be all right, that goes for you 
too Mihenchi." Mihenchi shoots Tsunami a puzzled look, but it is Tsunami's turn to grin. 
"You are not the only one who can sense others thoughts, remember?" Mihenchi's 
puzzled look instantly disappears and is replaced by one of nervousness as he starts to 
scratch his head again. With that Tsunami smiles and bows to everyone before 
dematerializing. Suddenly finding themselves alone with Mihenchi, Tenchi, Ryoko and 
Ayeka give each other looks of uneasiness. Sensing their discomfort Mihenchi bows 
slowly then straightens his self.
"I shall depart as well," he says starting for the door.
"Mihenchi," Tenchi says suddenly. Turning around Mihenchi gives him a puzzled look. 
"Why don't you join us for dinner," Tenchi says still trying to get Ryoko to let go of him. 
With a look of gratitude on his face, Mihenchi bows once more before answering.
"Thank you for the invitation Tenchi. From what I know from you Sasami's cooking is a 
real treat.
"Well," Tenchi starts before Ryoko cuts him off.
"What do you mean "What I know from you", Ryoko says finally letting go of Tenchi, "I 
thought you just got here, how do you know Tenchi likes Sasami's cooking?" Mihenchi 
glances at Tenchi before decided it's okay to tell her why.
"One of the gifts that me and Tenchi share is the gift of telepathy." Mihenchi explains. "It 
is very similar to your mental link with Washu, Miss Ryoko. The only difference is me 
and Tenchi can establish this link with anyone." Raising his hand to gesture at Tenchi, 
Mihenchi continues. " Only Tenchi doesn't know how to open that link, I on the other 
hand, was taught how to a long time ago by Tsunami." Mihenchi turns around and starts 
to scratch his head before proceeding. "Actually I have been talking with Tenchi mentally 
the whole time we've been in this lab." Following that revelation, both Ayeka and Ryoko 
face vault.
"Is that true Lord Tenchi," Ayeka's asks once she has recovered. Tenchi gives her a look 
of uneasiness before shaking his head.
"He has," she says looking down at the ground. Ayeka nods in understanding before 
turning her gaze to the floor as well. Ryoko shakes her head before giving Mihenchi a 
quizzical look.
"Has Tenchi been able to talk back to you," She asks slowly.
"No," Mihenchi says shaking his head, "the link is not two way, for Tenchi to talk with 
me or read my thoughts without me telling him, he would have to open his own link to 
my mind."
"Then that still doesn't explain about Sasami's cooking," Ryoko says almost yelling. 
Mihenchi nervously starts to scratch his head again.
"Well," Mihenchi starts glancing at Tenchi; "It's almost like a side effect really." 
Returning his gaze from the floor, Tenchi looks at Mihenchi with anticipation on his face.
"What is," he asks fearfully. Mihenchi instantly stops and turns to look at Tenchi.
"When Tenchi has a really profound thought, its like he's whispering that thought in my 
mind," Mihenchi explains in his most serious tone of voice. Tenchi instantly Face vaults 
as both girls gasp in disbelief.
"YOU MEAN YOU'VE BEEN READING MY MIND," Tenchi screams at Mihenchi.
"Calm down Tenchi," says a voice from behind all of them. Tenchi turns around and 
realizes that Washu's been there the whole time. "There's no need to get angry with 
Mihenchi," she says coming over to stand next to Tenchi, "He can't control that part of 
it."  It's Mihenchi's turn to wear a look of confusion.
"But how do you know that," he asks crossing his arms in front of him.
"Easy," Washu replies, "When I was taking readings from you earlier I noticed a jump in 
your brain patterns. I easily matched them up with Tenchi's and realized that you had the 
power of a mental link. So while I was at it I did some tests on that aspect of you as 
well." Washu finishes. Mihenchi exchanges looks with Tenchi and Washu before letting 
out a long sigh.
"I should have known you would know by now Ms. Washu," he says smiling. Turning to 
Tenchi he replaces his smile with a look of question. "If your uncomfortable, then I'll just 
leave, I will not overstay my welcome Tenchi." Before he even finishes Tenchi is shaking 
his head.
"Don't worry about it all right," he exclaims. "My offer still stands, just try to lay off the 
mind thing okay." Mihenchi chuckles a little before bowing very low.
"Then I still will take you up on that offer, and I promise no more mind "Thing" until 
your ready," Mihenchi says smiling ear to ear. It's Tenchi's turn to chuckle.
"Sounds fair enough to me," he says starting for the door. "Come on," he says gesturing 
for them to follow, "Sasami will be mad if we let her food get cold." Everyone has a good 
laugh at this as they all leave except for Ryoko. Staying behind, she is contemplating this 
turn of events. Finally she shakes her head and starts for the door. 
"I just don't trust that guy," she thinks to herself as she steps through the dimensional 
doorway, "Even if Tsunami and Washu say he's Tenchi's brother, there's just something 
about him." Finally back in the Masaki's house, the smells coming from the kitchen 
quickly grabs her attention. Her stomach rumbling, she heads for the dinner table where 
the others are waiting, including Mihenchi.

Author notes: Cool I'm done with this part. Thanx for reading it. By now I hope it has your
attention. Anyway I've already began Part three: A NEW DAY AND LIFE. This is probaly going
to be the longest chapter since it will deal with the really good stuff. Like Mihenchi 
fitting in and Tenchi will let on to who he loves so it will deal with that and
the aftermath. So stick around This story's only going to get better.    
