Tenchi Muyo!: Tenchi's Summer Break!

Disclamer: Well as you all know I do not own these characters AIC and 
Pioneer does.  I am not looking for any trouble I am writing this story 
for people's entertainment so please dont get the wrong idea.

Tenchi Muyo!: Tenchi's Summer Break!

Author: Gene_Starwind

Chapter 2: The New Adventure!

(Our story continues with Luke laying around in the woods near the 
Masaki Shrine)

Luke: Wow it got cloudy pretty quick. It must be getting to rain I 
better get ready to head inside. That was the worst dream I had last 
night I hope that doesnt happen again tonight. I already have enough bad 
memories especially with that damn idiot Ikara.

(Luke has a flashback of his conflicts with Ikara)

Ikara: You know your never gonna beat me. You Guardians and your Jurai 
Energy you think you can control the entire galaxy!
Luke: I can't help I am a Juraian and with the fact I am the Universal 
Knight of Jurai I will make sure that you die for what you did to Jurai 
you can count on it!

(Snaps out of the flashback)

Luke: Ungh! Better not think of that right now it will just make me 
angrier than I am. But really all I can think of right now is Tsunami 
and where she is. (A rain drop hits him directly in the eye) Huh thats 
cold. Better get going Sasami is probably worried.

(Back at the Masaki Household)
Sasami: Where is Luke at its almost dinner time he needs to get back 
plus a storm is coming!
Kiyone: Don't worry he should be here in a little bit he is pretty fast 
you know.
Ryoko: Yeah but speed isn't everything Kiyone you have to remember that 
you know.
Kiyone: Yeah well thats true.
Mihoshi: Kiyone where is the keys to the ship I really need to goto 
headquarters.
Kiyone: Mihoshi............your holding them.
Mihoshi: Oh wow this is the keys they look like the remote to the tv!
Ryoko: Does she get dumber everyday?
Kiyone: She has to.
Tenchi: Hey whats that noise?
Ayeka: Yes what is that noise I can't identify it at all.
Ryoko: Hit the button Kiyone.
Kiyone: Gotcha! (Hits a button opening the hole in the roof allowing to 
jump in)
Luke: Wow you guys acctually rememberd!
Ryoko: Well I know Tenchi didn't want another hole in the roof isnt that 
right Tenchi darling?
Tenchi: Well at least I know where those holes was coming from.
Ayeka: Ryoko get off of Tenchi and stop being a bother!
Ryoko: Well Princess like you could ever fulfill Tenchi's needs 
(Giggles).
Ayeka: What! Ryoko how dare you.....you.........Hussy!
Ryoko: Wow such strong words. Especially hearing them from you.
Ayeka: Why you! (Slaps Ryoko)
Ryoko: Ow why you little...(Slaps Ayeka)
Tenchi: Now girls please calm down.
Luke: (Sigh) Damnit can't you two ever calm down i'm tired of this! Im 
getting my stuff and im gonna go find Tsunami!
Sasami: Did you say Tsunami?
Luke: Yes I am just so sick of this I have been living here for over a 
year and who is the two that I can never get along with? That is Ayeka 
and Ryoko!
Tenchi: You know I agree with him and maybe you need some help to find 
Tsunami!
Sasami: I can help too!
Kiyone: Well it wouldnt be bad to go on another adventure espcially for 
a friend.
Ryoko: (Tears in her eyes) Im sorry Luke I didn't mean to upset you. If 
I could I can come with you to help you find Tsunami and that could be a 
way of saying im sorry.
Ayeka: (Tears in her eyse also) Yes Luke I am sorry also as a Jurai 
Princess I Should have been more thoughtful and treated you with more 
respect after all you are a Guardian of Jurai again I am sorry and I 
will accompany you in your journey for Tsunami.
Luke: ...........Ryoko and Ayeka you are forgiven and since all of you 
are willing to help lets make this a journey.....A Journey of 
Adventures!
Kiyone: A Journey of New Beginings!
Tenchi: A Journey of Hope
Luke: (Smiles) The Search for Tsunami!
Tenchi: But where should we start Luke I mean we need some kind of A 
starting point.
Luke: Well the best place to start is.....
Ayeka, Ryoko, Tenchi, and Kiyone: Planet Jurai!
Luke: Well what ship are we taking?
Kiyone: My ship is the biggest here so I guess we can beam your house 
abored again so lets use mine!
Luke: Your right that means we dont have to worry about Nobuyuki and 
Yosho so your ship it is. Now we can't sit here waiting lets get a move 
on and start out journey!


Tenchi Muyo! Tenchi's Summer Break! Chapter 3: Luke and Tenchi, Juraian 
Warriors Protect Again!

Well this chapter is over and I expect to make chapter 3 a little 
longer. Next on Chapter 3: Luke and Tenchi, Juraian Warriors Protect 
Again! Luke and Tenchi run into some Space Pirates on their way to 
Planet Jurai to investigate but these are not ordinary pirates they 
appear to be Robot Pirates! Well another peice of news is I hear they 
are supposed to be showing the 3rd part of the Ryo-Ohki series but its 
just something I heard not something I figured out so I dont know for 
sure but if it is true i'll be happy!  This chapter was mainly about 
Luke being fed up with what was going on at the household and decided to 
find Tsunami the Love of his Life (I put that one in the last chapter 
didnt I?) But the 3rd Chapter will be a whole lot longer (hopefully) and 
it will have alot of action in it!

Side Notes: Maybe after I finish this story I'm gonna write a past on 
Luke from when he was born and to where he left Tsunami. And Im gonna 
give you a little detail on Luke his sword is the coolest no not because 
I created him its just the design of it. And it doesn't have more power 
than Tenchi's it has exactly the same and it is also able to fuse with 
Sword Tenchi so I might let you in on that next time!

Last Notes: Well I hope you liked this Chapter oh and another music 
recomendation if you have the song I Am A Pioneer I would play that at 
the end of this chapter fits the chapter well and it allows you get the 
feeling that your adventuring with them! Well here's a trademark 
saying..... I'll shut up now and goodbye I hope you enjoyed this 
chapter!-Gene_Starwind
