Yuri"Princess Ryoko"Maruki Demoness_Silver@hotmail.com
Regular
Tenchi Muyo Tenchi meets the gang: Could it be love?
Tenchi mets some of the girls a different way, and is realated to one...

Disclaimer: I don't own Tenchi Muyo or any of the characters. I do have some
characters of my own which are: Namika, Saki, Toshiro, Meko, Nyra, Vicky,
Seto, Yugio, Misha, Manila, Memo and Kaya. Feel free to use any of those
names.
Any way on with the story!!
Tenchi Muyo: Tenchi meets the gang: could it be love?
        Tenchi was sitting in math class about to fall asleep when the
teacher said
that she had an announcement to make.
"Class I would like to introduce our three new students" The teacher said
        The first person to walk in was a guy named Toshiro Kyoto.  All of
the
girls oohed and ahed.  He has Silver, gray hair and light blue eyes.  He was
dressed in khaki pants and a shirt.  The second person to walk in was a girl
named Ayeka Jurai.  The guys looked at her and thought that she was a rich
persons daughter, which she was.  She was dressed in a longish black skirt
and a white blouse.  The last person to walk into the room was a girl named
Ryoko Hakubi.  All the guys including Tenchi took one look at her and
started drooling; she was so beautiful, with her cyan hair, and golden eyes.
  She was wearing a midnight blue tank top and a short black skirt.
Ryoko went to take a seat
"Is this seat take?" Ryoko asked the boy referring to the empty chair next
to him
"N-no" The boy replied, " by the way my name is Tenchi"
"Nice to meet you, I'm Ryoko" She said as she sat
Lunchtime...
"So Ryoko do you want to sit with me at lunch?" Tenchi asked
"Sure, Can Toshiro and Ayeka join us?" Ryoko asked
" Toshiro and Ayeka Tenchi said, "Who are they?"
"They're my friends." Ryoko said  "the other two new students" "so can
they?"
"Sure" Tenchi replied
"Yo Tenchi" a voice shouted from behind "wait up!"
"Yea" Tenchi said as he and Ryoko stopped walking so they could wait for who
was calling Tenchi
"Who's the babe?" The guy said, " Is she your girlfriend?"
"Saki this is Ryoko" Tenchi said "Ryoko this is Saki"
"Hi nice to meet you" Ryoko said
"You are so beautiful, and nice to meet you" Saki said
"Thanks" Ryoko said, "Why don't you have lunch with Tenchi, me, and my
friends"
"Sure" Saki said
        Meanwhile Toshiro and Ayeka were walking down the hall, having just
been
let out of class.
"Toshiro" a girl walking behind him said
"What now?!" Toshiro answered back.   The same girl had been bothering him
in his pervious class
"Do you have a girlfriend? She said " If ya don't I'll go out with ya, your
awfully cute..."
"Can't you leave me the hell alone?!" Toshiro yelled grabbing Ayeka's hand
and began walking faster towards the lunchroom
"So ya *do* have a girlfriend?" The girl questioned, "Why did you have to
pick such an ugly girl!!" "Anyways I never told you my name it's Meko" "so
can you dump her for me?"
"Who in the hell are you calling ugly?!" Ayeka yelled  "and for your
information Toshiro has a girlfriend, I just happen to be a close friend of
his" "now get lost you little hussy!!"
"Thanks Ayeka" Toshiro said as Meko ran away
"No problem" Ayeka replied
        Toshiro and Ayeka reached the lunchroom to see Ryoko sitting at a
table
with two guys, and the rest of the guys in the lunchroom staring at her.
Toshiro walked over to the table Ryoko was sitting at and said...
"You hittin' on my girl dude?"
"Oh, I'm sorry I was just-" The guy said
"Don't sweat it, I was just messing with ya," The other guy said "by the way
my name is Toshiro, and behind me is my friend Ayeka"
"I'm Tenchi, nice to meet you both" he said
"You're not talking to me Toshi?" Ryoko said giving him the puppy dogface
"I haven't forgotten about you Ryo" Toshiro said
*Damn and I thought that she was single* Tenchi thought
"Move over so I can sit Ryo" Toshiro said " better yet why don't you sit on
me"
"Ok " Ryoko said  "but where's Ayeka"
"Right here!" Ayeka yelled
"I would like you to meet Tenchi and Saki" Ryoko said to Ayeka "Tenchi, this
is Ayeka" "Ayeka, this is Tenchi"
"Pleased to meet you" Ayeka said
"Same here" Tenchi said
"I'm Saki" "nice making your acquaintance"
"Same to you" Ayeka said
*During all this introducing of people Ryoko and Toshiro were in a world of
their own...*
"Toshi!" Ryoko yelped "Wait till later, don't do that in school, even though
I like it"
"Don't do what?" Toshiro asked innocently "this!"  He said as he grabbed her
thigh
"I swear those two are always playing" Ayeka stated
"How long have you all known each other?" Tenchi asked
"Well since I was 9 I knew Ayeka, 10 1/2 since I knew Toshiro" Ryoko said
"I knew Ryoko and Ayeka since I was just about 11 1/2 " Toshiro said
"I've know Ryoko since I was 10, and Toshiro when I was 11 " Ayeka said
"How old are all of you?" Saki asked
"I'm 16" Ayeka said
"I'm 16 1/2, " Toshiro said
"I'm 15 1/2, " Ryoko said
"Ryoko how come your in our class if your still only 15?" Tenchi asked
"Because I skipped a grade" Ryoko said, " I'll be 16 soon, my birthday is
August 24"
"You're mighty fine for 15, if ya know what I mean" Saki said
"Didn't I tells you to stop hitting on my chic" Toshiro said
"I was just-" Saki said
"Just messin' with ya," Toshiro said
"I hope we all end up *best* friends" Ryoko said
"That would be nice" Ayeka said
~After school~
Masaki house...
"I'm home!" Tenchi exclaimed
"Hey Tenchi how was your day?" A girl asked
"Great Kiyoné!" Tenchi said, "I meet this really cute girl" "anyways where's
dad and Mihoshi?"
"They went out," Kiyoné said "it's just you and me brother"
Hakubi house...
"Now that we're home Toshi, and on ones home we can do what ever we want"
Ryoko said
"Not everyone is out of the house," a little girl said sneaking up behind
the pair
"Namika!" Toshiro said, then he heard another giggle "Manila!" What did
Ryoko and I tell you girls?"
"No sneaking around and if you seen something just forget you saw it" Manila
said
"Good sis" Toshiro said patting her on the head
"I don't care I'm still telling mom" Namika said
"If you do I'll tell her who blew up her masses experiment working on her
energy ball technique" Ryoko said
"I won't tell if you buy me that CD I wanted by Eden's Crush" Namika said
"Fine, I'll buy it" Ryoko said
" You are the greatest big sis in the world" Namika shouted as she gave
Ryoko a big hug "One more thing the names 'L.R' "
"Ok 'L.R'" Ryoko stated,  " Now go play with Manila"
"I wana CD too Toshiro!" Manila said
"What CD do I have to buy you to get you to keep quiet?" Toshiro asked
annoyed
"The new CD by Janet Jackson" Manila said
"Alright I'll get it for you" Toshiro stated
"You're the greatest big brother!" Manila said " and could you and Ryoko
take the blame for us blowing up Namika's mom's crystal with the masses and
that other creature?"
"You blew up the masses again?!" Ryoko yelled
"Yea, I was showing Manila how I could change the color of the energy ball
when I lost control of it and blew up the masses" Namika said
"Ok for us to take the blame you have to take me shopping, cause you're the
one with all the money, and get Toshiro something he wants" Ryoko said
"So do we have a deal girls?" Toshiro asked
"Yes" Namika and Manila said
"Good, now go" Toshiro said closing Ryoko's room door
"Now where were we?" Ryoko said seductively
"Here" Toshiro said as his arms circled her waist and pulled her on top of
him, while they kissed
Then Toshiro pulled off her shirt while she unbuttoned his shirt, and undid
his pants
"Mmm Toshi" Ryoko said as he kissed he neck
Toshiro was down to his underwear and Ryoko was down to her underclothes
kissing when someone phased threw the door and said...
"Ryoko, dinner's rea-" Ryoko's mom said, "Oh I didn't know I was
interrupting something"
"WASHU!" Toshiro yelled throwing the cover over Ryoko and himself "can you,
GET OUT!!"
"Fine have it your way" Washu said as she phased out and teleported back to
the kitchen

Please e-mail me comments at Demoness_silver@hotmail.com
-Princess Ryoko
