Sadly, Tenchi Muyo is not mine. I have no claim to it. However, this story is 
a product of my imagination of what life is like for the extended Misaki 
family. So sit back enjoy the story and give me a line as to how you like the 
story.


Tenchi and Ryoko
Chapter 1:

General Tanaka's Plan

By Jim Rabaca


Part 1


Fleet Commander Colonel Masayuki Toda enters General Naoki Tanaka's (Overlord 
of Wakusei no nai Toshi) private chambers for a secret meeting. Colonel Toda 
is unusually tall at six and a half feet and very thin.  He has white short 
groomed hair that brushes straight back; his mustache is very thick and white 
as well as his eyebrows. All of these features betray this young colonel of 
only 37 years. His face is hard and emotionless as he enters the generals' 
chambers. His demeanor is even harder, as he is a true soldier. 

 With Colonel Toda is his personal aid and confidant, Captain Akira Kagami. 
Captain Kagami is much heavier, as he is muscular. Although he is shorter, 
only 5 and « feet, he appears younger with his chiseled face, black hair that 
is kept in samurai fashion, and no facial hair. His eyes are cold and 
lifeless as he a known killer among the troops. His orders are always carried 
out with extreme prejudice and exact precision, as he is the most trusted 
member of the Colonels' staff.

"Ahh. Colonel Toda, what word does Admiral Murakami send? Is the enemy 
stamped out of their holes?" asks General Tanaka.

"No sir." Colonel Toda answered as he and Captain Kagami bow deeply to their 
superior. "My Lord Admiral Murakami sends you this message and bids me to 
help explain the details further should you have any questions." And the two 
men release their bows.   

Colonel Toda hands the information disk to the now sitting General Tanaka. 
The large man with his scarred face and balding head reaches his oversized 
hand out to take the disk. "What does this mean Colonel?" the general asks 
obviously agitated. 

"Sir, I think you should see this for yourself first and then ask your 
questions." The Colonel shows no sign of emotion as he indicates to the disk.

General Tanaka loads the disk into his vid viewer and begins to clip a cigar 
as he sits back in his brown leather chair waiting for the report. The 
monitor begins to hum and the screen comes alive with the flash of numerous 
colors. 

General Tanaka places his cigar in his mouth, while keeping his eyes on the 
steely colonel and his battle hardened aid and reaches into his left side hip 
pocket for his lighter. The monitor focuses and the tired, heavily lined face 
of the generals long time friend Admiral Murakami appears. 

Now seeming much older, by the generals' reaction to his old friend's 
appearance, the Admiral begins his report. "General Tanaka, I regret that I 
can't be there to make this report in person but this war has been a 
nightmare since we attempted the first occupation." The Admiral lets out a 
deep sigh and his shoulders begin to slump. 

"As you already may know, Admiral Kitamura has been all but crushed in the 
Delta Quadrant and Admiral Suzuki in the Zeta Quadrant has been assassinated, 
leaving us severely demoralized and without leadership in these areas."

"As you can see for yourself," a battle schematic appears before the general. 
The general remains unmoving as he examines the schematic and enjoys his 
cigar. "The Zeta quadrant is heavily outnumbered yet we continue to hold our 
ground without that fool Suzuki." The Admiral states with severe distaste.

"It appears that our enemy has recruited some outside mercenaries to fight 
for their cause and it's causing a great shift out of our favor." With a 
quick flash, the screen zoomed in to give a more accurate count of the 
numbers in that region. 

"There is good news though as I also believe that our enemy is unaware of 
their success in Zeta or they would have launched an immediate final assault 
and crushed our 
troops." The Admiral showed the time shift and the locations of the enemy as 
they regrouped away from the front line. 

"I don't know how long we can expect them to be confused like this. The 
battle tactics of Fleet Commander Colonel Masaya Nagai seem to have the enemy 
reeling back in total chaos." The Admiral now appeared more enthusiastic. 
"Perhaps this could be used to our advantage as the enemy seems gun-shy to 
the new tactics."

General Tanaka took the cigar out of his mouth and exhaled a dense cloud of 
smoke as he now leaned forward into the monitor. "General, in truth, our 
security is compromised, moral is low, and leadership is almost depleted. I 
suggest that you take my personal aid Colonel Toda and give him Zeta 
Quadrant. He is more aware of my plans and my tactics than any other. This 
could cause great fear and total chaos, giving us the chance to strike and 
clear Zeta. With the enemy believing that I am now there with a stronger 
force fighting it could dissolution two fronts giving us the edge to dig in 
and regroup while crippling the enemy." The Admiral seemingly almost 
uncontrollable in his excitement. 

The steely eyed general looks up quickly at Colonel Toda for a moment as his 
old friend continues his report. "I realize he is a young Colonel, but he is 
aggressive and better than any I have ever worked with. He is probably our 
last chance in Zeta."

General Tanaka looks up into the soul of the cold colonel and then back to 
the monitor. "Naoki my friend, I have also heard stories of the greatest 
power in the universe called the 'Light Hawk Wings.' There is a rumor that 
this power lies in the control of a young man by the name of Tenchi Misaki. I 
think it's worth investigating and that is why I have also sent to you 
Captain Akira Kagami."

The general sits back in his chair and relaxes a little as his old friend 
continues, his mood even now changing. ""General, I have sent you all the 
tools you need. Colonel Toda, his aid Captain Kagami, Commanders Yuka 
Sasakuma of the Falling Star, and Masato Takahashi of the Typhoon." 

A smile finally parted the Admirals' tightly drawn lips. "The Typhoon and the 
Falling Star are two completely different classes of ships. Yuka Sasakuma is 
one of the best commanders in the fleet. Her ship, The Falling Star, is the 
newest of any. It's made of the new endosteel, and she can fight like a 
destroyer, take a hit like a cruiser, and maneuver like a racer."

The other is Masato Takahashi. Takahashi is the commander of the Typhoon. 
Although the Typhoon is much slower and much larger than most ships, she is 
the first to use the new gamma reactors. This means she has shields that 
can't even be dented by normal cannons."

The Admiral beamed with pride. "Sorry old friend for such secrecy and not 
telling you of these prototypes until now, but as I have already said, 
security is compromised. The Colonel has the specs and the schematics for 
these new designs. Please put them into production right away. I also 
recommend that you dispatch the others immediately. May our search be 
prosperous general." The admiral's report concludes with a closing flash of 
his vid-viewer.

The now ecstatic general reclines his chair back, puts his cigar back in his 
mouth, and clasps his hands behind his head as he smiles to the Colonel. 
"Admiral Toda, have a seat. Would you like a drink?" the general extends his 
arms out to the liquor decanter and glasses on his desk.

Looking to his aid, the aid bows, turns, and leaves. "Thank you general, I 
believe I will." 

Part 2

"Mioko! Mioko!" shouts a lean muscular boy with long cyan colored hair. "Hey 
Mioko!"

"What do you want Onoshi?" calls out a skinny girl with short black hair and 
big eyes. "Can't you see I'm busy?" she complains angrily. 

"Mioko, where's Grammy?" 

"Onoshi, you know Washu hates to be called that. Remember what happened when 
mom called her that?" the boys older sister by minutes scolds him. 

Onoshi stands blinking momentarily. "That's different Mioko, Grammy says mom 
was made in her lab, so she's not really a real person." The boy saunters 
over to his sister with his eyes up at the clouds and his hands clasped 
behind his head.

"You're hopeless Onoshi." Mioko complains as she rolls her eyes at her 
brother. "Isn't Washu in her lab?"

"No she's not and mom and dad aren't locked up down there either." The boy 
laughs.

Mioko looks to her brother in disgust. "That is strange." Cites his sister as 
she now stops sweeping the walk of the Misaki shrine. "Why don't you check 
the house again and I will check the fields to find dad." She tells her 
brother. "Maybe, some one has come home since you left."

"Okay." Onoshi announces and runs off to search the house again.

"Where has everyone gone?" Mioko asks herself as she leans her broom against 
the shrine wall and starts walking towards the family  carrot fields.

Quickly Onoshi arrives at the house in search of his lost family. "Mom! Dad! 
Grammy! Anyone here?" Onoshi calls out as he travels through the house.

"Meow!" shouts Ryo-Ohki as the cat with the rabbits ears and tail jumps out 
at Onoshi when he enters the kitchen. 

"Where is everyone Ryo-Ohki?" asks Onoshi. "Have you seen anyone?"

"Meow." Sighs the little cabbit remorsefully.

"No huh?" asks Onoshi through lowered spirits.

"Maybe this is a job for the Galaxy police!" shouts the boy with newfound 
excitement. "Let's call Mihoshi!" 

"Meow! Meow!" shouts Ryo-Ohki as the cabbit expresses her glee at the thought 
of seeing Mihoshi again.

Walking down into Washu's lab, Ryo-Ohki and Onoshi circumvent the defenses 
set forth by Professor Washu, for the sole purpose of keeping unwanted guest 
out. They avoid the laser wires, the motion detectors, and the heat sensors. 

With remarkable ease they pass through every one of Professor Washu's early 
warning devices undetected deeper into the darkness of her secret of secrets. 
Until the reach the object of their desire, her interstellar communication 
device. 

In a low voice and with great concern, Ryo-Ohki lets out a low questioning 
meow.

"It's all right Ryo-Ohki," consoles Onoshi. "Grammy won't care. She always 
lets me come down here." Lies the boy to the cabbit.

"Besides, she's also missing, so it's not like we can ask to use her stuff is 
it?" Onoshi tries to reason with the cabbit. 

"We're probably saving the universe right now!" shouts Onoshi as his 
imagination falls into a place where he is a super hero.  

"In fact," Onoshi continues to imagine outloud as he and Ryo-Ohki continue to 
work the console to make the call to Mihoshi. "Mom and dad are probably out 
there right now fighting the evil Kagato again. This time he plans to destroy 
the universe and not conquer it." The boys' face fills with glee and great 
excitement as he continues with his fantasy. "Maybe they are trapped and need 
us." 

Ryo-Ohki sits at the console watching the boy as he fantasizes and works the 
controls. 

"Onoshi to Galaxy Police." The boy calls out. "I have a priority situation 
here."

The screen comes alive as the sector commander answers the call for a 
priority situation. "This is Commander Mayumi Ishikawa of the Galaxy Police 
answering to whom ever put out a priority call. Identify yourself and the 
nature of your call."

The boy absolutely lived with excitement answers Commander Ishikawa with no 
delay. "Commander, this is Onoshi Misaki of the planet earth."

"Yes Onoshi." The commander answers now even more concerned. "You are Tenchi 
and Ryoko's son. What is wrong Onoshi? What has happened?"

"Commander, I think my parents have been taken by Kagato." The boy blurts out 
in believable excitement. 

"Kagato?!" the commander shouts back in confusion. "I thought he was killed 
by your dad a long time ago." The confusion now threatening to consume the 
commander. "Why do you think that your parents were taken by Kagato?" 

"When I got home from school today, there was nobody home. My parents are 
gone, Grammy is gone, and there is no one here except Ryo-Ohki, me and my 
sister." The boy relays his story.

"So why do you suspect a very dead Kagato?" asks the commander now regaining 
her composure certain that the child is mistaken. 

"Wasn't he the only one to capture both my parents without creating a mess 
here. Didn't he come back from imprisonment with permission before? And 
wasn't he thought to be indestructible?" the boy argued. 

"Commander, all the facts are here. It has to be Kagato. There is no other 
person in the universe that could do what he has done." The boy pleaded as he 
looked to the face of the unconvinced sector commander. "Besides, I'm alone 
in my Grammy's lab and she hasn't chased me out yet."

Now convinced, the commander spoke in panic, "Onoshi, stay at the house and 
leave the lab right away. I am sending a unit and Inspectors Mihoshi and 
Kiyone at once. I repeat, do not go anywhere, get your sister and stay at the 
house." Commander Ishikawa signed out and began the beacon to recall her 
troubled inspectors. 

"See Ryo-Ohki, I told you this was serious." The boy pointed to the monitor 
as the commander in obvious panic signed out. 

"Meow." complained Ryo-Ohki under her breath.

Part 3

"They're not here. Now where could they have gone?" wonders Mioko as she 
walks through the carrot fields looking for her parents.

Mioko continues to call out to her missing family as she walks through the 
fields. "Mom! Dad! Washu!" 

After an hour of searching, Mioko finds Washu walking on the mountain where 
the Misaki shrine had once been. "Washu." Mioko calls out to her grandmother 
as she runs to her.

Washu's face brightens as she spies her granddaughter. "Yes Mioko. What can I 
do for you?" 

"We can't find our parents. Ononshi has even been to your lab looking for 
you. Since he was unable to find anyone, we started to get worried. Do you 
know where they are?" 

"Why yes I do my dear." States the scientist with her pink tied back long 
hair. 

Looking up at the sky she gathers Mioko close to her and points straight up. 
"Your father Tenchi is their." She smiles and then points straight down. 
"Your mother Ryoko is there and they are trying to get here." She states as 
she opens here arms. "Do you understand?"

"No. I don't understand." The girl, slightly taller than the scientist in her 
little girl form, looks to her grandmother and frowns. 

"Your lucky you're you and not Mihoshi or your mom." Washu states unusually 
patient. 

"Let's put it this way. They will be here tomorrow. Your dad went to see your 
great grandfather for his incarnation to the crown, and your mom went to a 
health spa, as she is still wanted if she enters Jurai's jurisdiction."

"Does that mean she can't go to great grandfather Yosho and great grandmother 
Aeyaka's  wedding?" asks Mioko.

"No dear. Your mother will receive a full pardon, after today so that she can 
go to his wedding and so that she can go to Jurai with your father whenever 
he has to go." Explains Washu.

"Now, my mother is wanted by Jurai and how many other galaxies?" asks Mioko 
with a confused face.

"That's a long story." Washu frowns and waives her hands in a shooing 
fashion.

A loud buzzer sounds alarming all within hearing range. "Washu what was 
that?" asks Mioko frightened.

"No!" shouts Washu. "No it can't be."

"What is it Grammy? What's wrong?" asks the alarmed girl.

Ignoring the insult for the time being, Washu calmed her granddaughter. "That 
alarm means that one of the galaxies most devastating forces is on its' way 
here." Washu let out a shudder at the thought of it. 

Washu began to rub the temples of her forehead as it began to throb in pain. 
Slowly she uttered the words as miserably as anyone could, "Mihoshi's 
coming."

Filled with dread and loathing of the thought, Washu turned her granddaughter 
around and began to gently nudge her away. "I think you need to go home now. 
I have a lot of work to do, Mihoshi proofing the place and all you understand 
don't you?" 

Washu began to walk absently towards the house "I have to install my new 
Mihoshi locks on my lab and the particle transsponder alarm system." 

Mioko giggles to herself at the sudden dismay that has come over her trouble-
seeking grandmother. "Oh Washu." 

With the smile still embedded on her face, Mioko looks up to the sky with 
elation in her heart. "Why would Mihoshi be coming here so soon after her 
last visit?" Mioko asked herself suddenly confused.

With the last thought present in her mind, Mioko skips off to the house to 
let her brother know what is going on, where their parents are, and that they 
are now expecting Mihoshi.  
1

6

