Extended Copyrights & Stuff: All properties and characters from the Tenchi
Muyo! television and the Tenchi in Tokyo television shows are all owned and
licensed to Pioneer, AIC, and others.  All properties from the Wallace and
Grommit movies are all owned and licensed to Nick Park, Aardman Animation,
and others.  All quotes from the video game Zero Wing are all properties of
Sega and any others involved in it.  These are my fanfics, though because I
wrote them!  These fan fictions  are for entertainment purposes only and are
not for the purpose of commercial use or to gain any profit whatsoever.

By: Drexle

E-mail: Bestpanda@aol.com

Tenchi Multiplied!!!!!

Part 2: It's the Wrong Tenchi, Grommit!

Tenchi looked above him into an unending darkness that caused him to
shudder.  Yet, he could faintly see around him, peering through a ghastly,
white fog that wavered around him as if waiting to strike.  Tenchi became a
bit dizzy as well; shadows incessantly spinning around him.  Realizing he
was lying on his back, Tenchi sat up.  It seemed as though he was completely
surrounded by darkness and Tenchi wondered what he was sitting on.  He dug
his hand beneath him and pulled it up.  A warm black ooze dripped from it,
quickly slipping away below him.  Frightened, Tenchi got to his feet.

"What has happened here?" Tenchi asked himself.  His voice echoed away and
into the distance.

"Not much," a voice answered, echoing as well, "Things just got bigger
around here.  That's all."

"More crowded, you mean."

"For some."

"Can I see you?"

For a moment everything was silent.  Then the voice spoke again.

"Turn 50 degrees to your right and just keep walking straight.  Eventually
you will come to a great abyss.  You will not be able to see it from a
distance, but you will know it is there.  Be careful and you will get here."

"Thank you," Tenchi replied.

He started wakling forward, deciding to shortly head to the right.  After
walking forward about 20 steps, Tenchi attempted to head towards the right
but found he could not.  It had become so dark he did not know where he was
going.  He could not see a thing; not even himself.  Tenchi tried to walk to
the right, yet it seemed to him as if he was actually walking to the left.
 Then Tenchi felt his feet move.  He was sinking into the black ooze around
him!  He tried to move his legs, but they were stiff and immobile.

Frightened, Tenchi screamed out, "Help! Help!"

Just then the same voice as before said, "Close your eyes."

"But I can't see a thing!"

"Do it."

Tenchi shut his eyes.

"Tighter!"

Tenchi squeezed his eyes shut as tight as he could.  He opened them to the
blackness again.  Looking around, he noticed strands of luminescent, white
mist slowly spiraling into a point low in the dark.  "The abyss," Tenchi
thought to himself.  He headed forward and came close to it.

"You will need to make a running jump over it.  Understand?"

"Yes."

Yet something inside Tenchi told him to look inside the abyss.

"If walk too close to the abyss you will fall into it," the voice boomed.

Tenchi  got into a running position and sprinted towards it.  Right at its
edge, he leapt up into the emptiness above it.  At that moment, he quickly
gazed into it.  Inside of it he saw himself leaping over the abyss he was
leaping over.  "If it weren't so hazy it would have almost looked like a
mirror image," he thought.  But then Tenchi began to fall.  Just before he
fell in, he was able to anchor his hand over the side of the abyss.

Tenchi looked below in him and stared into the abyss he was swaying over.
 He saw himself swaying over the abyss below him.  Suddenly, the reflection
of him, in the abyss, pulled a sharp, jagged knife out of his pant pocket,
quickly stabbing it into his head.  He began to slice through it, grinning
as the red blood streamed out of it.

His hand began to slip through the black ooze into the abyss.  Tenchi
screamed out in horror.  Just then, he stopped falling.  He looked up a saw
a bright shining figure that looked an opaque white.  The figure was
crouched down by the side of the pit, grabbing a hold of Tenchi's forearms.
 It looked as if the figure was trying to pull Tenchi up but couldn't.  But
then Tenchi noticed why.  The form of himself he had seen in the abyss was a
visible form, pulling his legs down towards it, the whole time fixed in a
stare at Tenchi.

Tenchi screamed, "Help me!  Help me!"

The thing underneath Tenchi suddenly reared its head back and sunk its teeth
into his leg.  Tenchi kicked it as hard as he could into its face and it let
out a horrendous shriek as it plunged into the darkness below.

The figure pulled Tecnhi out of the pit and onto his feet.  Tenchi looked
very pale.

"You look like you've just seen a ghost," the figure said.

"Am I dead?" Tenchi asked.

"You're no ghost," the figure replied, smiling.

Tenchi gave a slight smile.

"How are you gentlemen!!" the figure responded.

"Huh?" Tenchi asked.

"Never mind," it said.

Then there was a small pause in the conversation.

"Well, here I am," it replied.

"Why is it so dark in here?"

"It doesn't have to be this way.  After all, this is simply an idea."

"I…I don't understand."

"Here.  Let me show you," the figure answered, waving his left hand in front
of him.

The area they were standing in instantly turned into a room, surprising
Tenchi and causing him to jump backwards.

"Where are we?" Tenchi asked.

"Well I did some research and found this place very intriguing."

Tenchi looked around the room.  It appeared to largely made of stone, with 4
wooden exit doors on all 4 sides of it, with a diamond-shaped hole in the
ceiling letting in an adequate amount of light in so that you could see
fairly clear.  Ancient looking designs covered the walls.  They fascinated
him.  Yet, not as much as what sat in the center of the room: a bronze table
with seats on 2 sides of it.  On the table sat a strange looking board
covered with multiple pieces.

The figure took out a laptop computer, opened it, started it, then starting
typing into it incredibly quickly.

"How can you type so fast?"

"Talent," the figure replied, grinning at Tenchi.

The figure continued to type.

"Ah," the figure said,  "This is the correct location."

Curious, Tenchi asked, "What's on the table?  Is it a game?"

"By the looks of it, these pieces appear to move along the board.  But I'm
not sure if it is a game.  It remotely resembles the game of modern day
chess, though.  It must be important; if you couldn't tell, it is made of
jade and gold."

"Wow!"

Tenchi studied the object.  The board consisted on multiple squares, but the
pieces were most interesting to Tenchi.  All of them were very strange
looking and all of them were on the right side of the board.  Expect for one
piece that was placed on the upper left corner of the board.

"What is that piece doing all the way over there."

"It certainly is odd.  This piece was moved as far as it can go.  I guess
the only way for it to move, now, is back towards where it came."

_   _   _   _   __   _   _   _   _    __   _   _   _   _   __   _   _   _
  _   __   _   _   _   _

The man opened his eyes and saw the dark brown Formica countertop, covered
in beige swirls.  The man was dressed in a black suit, wore a black top hat
and had on a dirty red tie.  He pulled his aching head up from the
countertop, from where his forehead was pressed against it.  He was a bit
tired as well, moaning.

"Hey, you're awake," a voice said from behind him.
A hand rested upon the man's shoulder.  The man grabbed his wrist with his
left hand and swung around, twisting it.

"What the hell're you doing sneaking up on me!" he shouted.

The other man yanked his hand out the other's grasp.

Rubbing his sore hand, he yelled, "Geez! What the hell was that for!
 Goddam!"

The man got up from his seat at the counter.

"Dammit, Tenchi!" the other man said, "You get so irritable when you're
drinking!"

"Sounds like someone needs another sake," the woman behind the counter put
in.

Tenchi sternly answered, "Why the hell do you assume I want another freak'n
sake?!  Do you have some sort of detection system under that counter of
yours that detects people who need more goddam sake?!  Do you just look at
me and think, 'Damn!  Tenchi needs another sake!?"

"Yeah, actually I do," the woman said.

"I think I could use another sake," Tenchi told the woman, smirking and
handing her some bills, "There's 600 yen."

"What kind?"

"Don't matter," Tenchi replied, rapping his knuckles on the countertop.

She handed him a bottle of sake and he put it to his mouth, drinking it in
seconds.

"Good stuff, Seagull," he said, staring at the other man behind him, "Really
wakes ya up!"

Tenchi set the sake bottle down on the counter.

"Yeah," Seagull said sarcastically, glaring at him, "Especially at 3:00
A.M."

A group of men were sitting at a table at the other end of the bar.

One of them yelled out, "Hey, Tenchi!  Seagull!  Either of you twos in?"

"Hell, yeah I am!" Tenchi answered, running over to them.

Seagull walked over to them, but said, "Sorry, guys.  I've lost enough money
already tonight."

"Fine, chicken out," the man replied, "Hey, Tenchi, you in, right?"

"You know it, Marty!!" Tenchi responded, giving the man a high-five.

He sat down at the table with Marty and 4 other men.  Marty shuffled the
deck of cards in his hands and set them down right next to him.

"Cut those puppies!" Tenchi yelled.

A man right next to Marty, named Tanaka, cut the deck in half and put the
bottom half onto the top half.

"How much're we put'n in?" Marty asked everyone at the table, "A hundred
okay with all of yas?"
It was agreed upon with "Yeah"s and "Whatever"s and everyone there put in
his 100 yen.  Then Marty dealt the deck around the table until everyone
ended up with 3 cards.

Tanaka looked at his hand and said, "I keep."

Koto sat next to Tanaka.  When he saw his hand, his face went sour, quickly
saying he was out and giving his hand back to Marty to shuffle into the
deck.

Tenchi's face looked blank when he looked at his hand.  He said he'd keep,
though, and it came down to Tim's turn.  Tim decided not to keep his hand,
though and gave it up.  Yoshimichi kept.  So, when Marty choose to keep his
hand he and the other 3 were the only ones left in the game.

Marty dealt a card to Tanaka and surprisingly said he'd put in 300.  Tenchi
received his next card and put in 300 as well.  Yoshimichi received his
next, but did not share the same sentiments as the first two, turning his
hand over to the deck.  Marty drew a card and quickly decided to keep,
putting his 300 yen in as well.  Now the pot contained 1,500 yen.

Then, Marty dealt out the 5th and final card to Tanaka, but Tanaka sadly
declined staying in the game.  Tenchi on the other hand, said he'd stay in
the game after drawing his final card and put in 400 yen.

When Marty drew his last card, he said, "I can certainly keep this.  I meet
your 400 yen."

Marty threw 400 yen in himself and said, "So what does your hand look like
Tenchi boy?"

There was now 2,300 yen in the pot.

Tenchi smirked and laid out his hand, consisting of an 8 of spades, a queen
of spades, a queen of hearts, a queen of diamonds, and a queen of clovers.

"Beat that, Marty," Tenchi answered, chuckling, "Beat that."

Marty looked very calm, though and laid out his hand on the table.  His hand
consisted of a 10 of diamonds, a jack of diamonds, a queen of diamonds, a
king of diamonds, and an ace of diamonds.

Tenchi became enraged and screamed, "YOU CHEATING BASTARD!!!!!"

He leapt across the table right at Marty and clasped his hands together
around Marty's neck.  Marty fell over in his chair, with Tenchi's hold still
tight upon his neck.  The chair Marty was sitting in broke in half and
Tenchi began squeezing Marty's neck.

Tenchi kept screaming out, "YOU CHEATING BASTARD!!!!!  YOU CHEATING
BASTARD!!!!!"

Marty punched Tenchi right in nose.  Blood poured out of it and Tenchi wiped
it up with his tie.  Then he slugged Marty right in the eye it his fist, the
eye turning black and blue immediately afterwards.  He screamed in pain and
threw Tenchi across the room, him smashing into a table which cracked in
half due to the impact, causing Tenchi to hit the floor.

Everyone else in the bar had formed a circle around the two and they were
all screaming out "Tenchi!" or "Marty!"  The whole bar was soon filled with
the sounds of people yelling and shouting.

Marty walked over to Tenchi and started throwing hard punches into his
chest, Tenchi recoiling as a result of the pain.  Tenchi grit his teeth and
sent a swift hard kick to the left side of Marty's jaw, causing a stream of
drop to flow down the side of it.  The kick sent Marty's face into the
ground, only to have it smash into a couple empty bottles of sake.

At that moment, a large man walked towards them from the other side of the
bar and grabbed both of them by the collar.

He screamed out in a loud, menacing voice, "If I ever see either of you two
at my bar again, I will send you both off to jail!  Get the fuck out of here
before you cause any more fucking trouble around here!  Everybody leave!
 Bar's closed."

The man carried both of them outside and threw them out the door onto the
dark, empty road.  All the other customers walked out the doors afterwards
with disgruntled looks on their faces.

Seagull ran over to Tenchi as he got up.

"What the hell was that back there, Tenchi?!  Are you crazy?  For cry'n out
loud!" Seagull shouted.

"That guy cheated," Tenchi angrily said, "I saw his goddam hand.  That
dumbass, he showed it to everybody.  There was a 3 and a 2 in there!"

"Actually that was Yoshimichi's hand.  He was the one who accidentally
flashed it to everybody!  I was one of the people watching the game,
remember?"

Tenchi stood there and thought about it for a second

"Oh, yeah," he quietly replied, "My bad."

Then Tenchi began to walk away down the stone path.

"Where are you going?" Seagull shouted after him, "Aren't you coming with
the rest of us?"

Tenchi stopped for a moment and answered, "Maybe later, man.  I gotta take a
walk or something.  Clear my head…it's freak'n killing me.  Besides I'm
gonna wait for this blood to stop dripping.

"Well, just don't do anything stupid, okay?  Bye," Seagull yelled out,
walking away from him.

"I'll see ya," Tenchi answered, disappearing into the dark.

_   _   _   _   __   _   _   _   _    __   _   _   _   _   __   _   _   _
  _   __   _   _   _   _

The night sky was very dark and quiet and all that could be heard were the
sounds of insects chirping and the occasional gust of wind.  The wooded
hills of the Japanese countryside were very peaceful and placid at this hour
and practically the only light that could be seen was that of the moon
shining its light onto the woods below.  At this hour, a woman silently flew
over these woods.  The woman had light turquoise hair and wore a dark blue
dress, covered in golden yellow stripes.  She dived and bobbed through the
air, always looking down towards the ground.

Now and then, she would shout out, "Tenchi!" but soon gave that up, deciding
the attempt was in vain.

She was tired because she could not sleep and tired because she'd been
flying for so long.  Descending onto the dirt path beneath her, she sat down
by the side of the path on a large stone.  Then she began to cry.

She thought the most about Tenchi.  He had been absent from the Masaki
household for over 3 weeks, now, and everyone who knew him was worried about
him.  School would be starting again for him soon, yet he was not even there
to prepare for it.  Since he left, days at the Masaki residence had quickly
become very glum.  Ayeka and Ryoko 0had shortly stopped having their routine
fights as they were both to depressed to do so and due to the fact that they
really had little to fight over.  Sasami had been so sullen lately that she
kept accidentally ruining her own meals, which the others there ate with
little complaints, them feeling the same as she.  Recently, even Washu
herself would often just not be up to working sometimes, due to the still
and inactive state of the others in the house, leaving her with a lack of
motivation.  Tenchi meant the most to Ryoko, though.  Tenchi was her
motivation, her inspiration, and the one thing that she cared more about
than anything else.  But with Tenchi gone she didn't feel much of anything
expect for being lonely empty, and sad.

Ryoko had searched for Tenchi before, but that night she could not sleep and
flew out searching for him.  Searching for him had become the only thing
that really mattered to her.  Ryoko couldn't find him anywhere.  So she
wondered what else really did matter to her anymore.

"Tenchi.  Please come back.  Please come home, Tenchi…" she whispered to
herself.

Ryoko thought to herself, "I almost went as far as Kurashiki tonight and I
didn't see anyone.  He might be in Kurashiki.   He might be anywhere by now.
 I give up.  This is hopeless.  Tenchi is gone; maybe forever.  Searching
for him won't do any good."  And then she wept even harder.
_   _   _   _   __   _   _   _   _    __   _   _   _   _   __   _   _   _
  _   __   _   _   _   _

Tenchi tread slowly through the woods. His right hand was in his pant
pocket, but the other was clutched to his chest.  Marty left many painful
bruises there and Tenchi was reluctant to show he was in pain around Seagull
or anyone else at the bar.

It was very dark upon the path and Tenchi was beginning to realize he was
having more trouble seeing than he thought he was.  Taking out his cigarette
lighter, he lit one of the cigarettes with it from the box in his pocket.
 It provided a small amount of light, and enough to light the path for him.
 Tenchi put out his lighter, dismissing this idea and kept going forward.

He smoked the cigarette as he walked and the only thing he could easily see
in the dark were the fiery embers at the butt of his cigarette.

Suddenly, Tenchi heard a rustling sound in the trees. Startled by the sound,
the cigarette lighter fell from his hands.  The lighter hit the ground, in a
patch of grass, causing it to set ablaze, and then rolled away.  Tenchi
panicked as the grass blazed in front of him!  He promptly took a bottle of
sake out of his suit jacket pocket and poured it over the burning grass
until the fire was completely out.  So was his sake.

"Good sake gone to waste," Tenchi said, tossing the empty bottle onto the
side of the path.

A cat ran past Tenchi, meowing, and Tenchi yelled out in surprise.

"Damn cat.  I shoulda set it on fire," Tenchi muttered to himself.

Tenchi got down on his knees and with the hands outstretched, he searched
blindly for his cigarette lighter in the darkness.

"Where can it be?!" he wondered.  Then he felt something hard and picked it
up.

"Gotcha!" Tenchi said, placing it in his pocket and getting back onto the
path.

He continued treading along, smoking.  Soon his cigarette went out and he
stamped it out on the stone path. Tenchi kept going forward.

"Just a little further.  Almost there," Tenchi thought to himself.  This
amused him, though, because he wasn't actually heading anywhere.

After walking for 10 more minutes Tenchi finally came to a stop.

Tenchi thought to himself, "Dammit!  What am I even doing out  here in the
first place?  I should've gone back with Seagull and the others.  Well, it
isn't too late to head back now."

He started to head back when he suddenly stopped.  Tenchi thought he heard
someone sobbing.  Looking to his left, he stared in that direction and could
almost make out the shape of a person sitting there.  He walked over to the
person and paused in front of them.  Now he saw the woman sitting there,
weeping, her  head tucked between her arms.

"Why are you crying?"

She stopped crying and looked towards him.  The woman did not answer him.

"If you need any help or anything, by all means be free to ask."

"Just leave me alone.  Please," Ryoko sorely answered.

"Isn't she bright and cheery?" Tenchi sarcastically thought to himself.

This had quickly made him very depressed.  He took a cigarette out of the
box and lit it with his cigarette lighter.

When the lighter shone on Tenchi face, Ryoko gasped.

Overjoyed, she screamed, "TENCHI!!!!!"

Ryoko ran over to Tenchi and put her arms around him, hugging him tight.
 She put her head on his shoulder and began to weep again, but this time
because she was glad that he was there.

Questions and thoughts flooded her head, but all she could ask him through
her tears was, "Tenchi, why'd you run away?!  Why'd you have to go?  I
missed you so much."

Tenchi suddenly became very confused.  He wondered, "Who is this woman?  Do
I know her from somewhere?  Pretty confusing."

Embarrassed, Tenchi asked, "Um, do you think you could please tell me your
name first?  Or who you are?"

Ryoko stared at him, befuddled.   Then she began to laugh and playfully
pushed him, saying, "Tenchi!  Stop it!"

Perplexed, Tenchi thought, "This girl obviously knows me somehow.  How?!  I
can't figure this out!  I guess I paid her for a good time.  But was I
drunk?!  Really drunk?  That's the only solution I can think of.  Yeah,
that's gotta be it."

"Why?" Tenchi asked.

"What do you mean, 'Why?'," she said, with tears in her eyes, "Of course I
care about you.  Tenchi…I love you."

Ryoko's mind was racing and she wondered, "WHAA--!!  Stupid!  Stupid!
 Stupid!  Why did you tell him that?!  Now I've gone and done it!!!!!"

Tenchi was stunned and his body froze, stuck in the moment, the cigarette
falling loosely from his hand onto the stone, below.

Tenchi's mind was also racing and he thought, "Wow!  She said she loves me?!
 Did she just say she loves me?  Wow!  No one's ever, ever said that to me
before!  Not even my old girlfriends said they loved me!  Just, wow!"

"I love you too," he said, smiling at her.

Ryoko's eyes widened and she stood there stiff as a board.  She was
ecstatic.  Ryoko thought to herself, "Did Tenchi just say what I thought he
said?  I can't believe it.  But he said it!  He said it!  I'd dreamed about
this moment forever!  I can't believe this is actually happening!"

Tenchi stared at her.  "She really is beautiful," he thought.

"You look so beautiful," he said to her.

Ryoko began to blush.

Tenchi went on, saying, "Even in this pale moonlight, all I can see is the
iridescence of your face, it shining like the golden sun and only
complemented by your bright, beautiful eyes which soften the dark night and
hold my heart captive in your divine stare.  Your fair lips are like an
endless bed of roses, illuminating this cold night with their warm radiance
and charm.  Your gorgeous hair flows like the blue sea, where I come home
from and see you smile which fills me with unending happiness and joy
because you mean the world to me."

"Oh, Tenchi," she said.

And then they kissed.  At that moment, Ryoko didn't even care that Tenchi
had run away for weeks.  She wouldn't have cared if he had run away for a
year.  At that moment, all Tenchi could think about was what an amazing
woman this was and how he had fallen so in love with her.

"Hey, Tenchi.  I've got something to show you," Ryoko told him, smiling.

"What?"

"Just follow me, okay?"

"Sure."

Ryoko started running and Tenchi followed behind her.  They were running a
large distance.

"Where are we going?"

"You'll see."

The two of them ran for about a half an hour until Ryoko finally told Tenchi
to stop.  They stopped and Ryoko stepped into the woods with Tenchi
following behind.

"I found this about a week after you left," she said to him.

Then she pointed to a dark green tent in the middle of the woods.  They
walked into the tent.

Ryoko said, "I knew this tent was yours.  So you camped out here when you
left?  Why did you leave the tent here?"

"I…I honestly don't remember," Tenchi replied.

"That's okay."

"Anyways, I feel really bad about running away and want to make it up to you
if I can."

Ryoko answered, "It's okay, Tenchi.  You really don't have to if you don't
want to."
"No.  No.  I really should if I can.  It is still pretty late and we do have
this tent out here and all to ourselves.  Wanna have some fun?" Tenchi
asked, grinning.

"Let's do it!" Ryoko said, laughing gleefully.

_   _   _   _   __   _   _   _   _    __   _   _   _   _   __   _   _   _
  _   __   _   _   _   _

AUTHOR'S OFFICE:

::Drexle is at his desk when Talking Cat walks by.::

Talking Cat: We've got company today!

Drexle:  Yeah.  I know.  And…huh?

Talking Cat: Err, um, meow.  I mean…holy shit!!!!!

::Talking Cat runs away, horrified.  Drexle reclines in his chair and closes
his eyes.::

Drexle: And they all said I was crazy when I brought that chainsaw into
work.

::Ryoko flies across the room and up to Drexle.  Drexle opens his eyes.::

Ryoko: Have you seen a woman go by here?

Drexle: Well, I don't know.  Can you describe her to me?

Ryoko: Well, she has scraggly purple hair, a long princessy dressy thingy,
an ugly golden head ornament, and she's really ugly.

Drexle: You mean the woman with beautiful, flowing violet hair, a gorgeous
dress, a spectacular head ornament, and she's very pretty?

Ryoko: You've seen her?

Drexle:  Nope.  Sorry.

::Ryoko flies out of the room.::

Ayeka (from under Drexle's desk): Hehe.  That was a close one.

Drexle: You gonna come outta there now?

Ayeka: Drexle, are you kidding?  I'm just getting started!

Drexle: Wow!  You ARE amazing.

::Later: at Donut Joint!::

Sayuka:  Thanks again Drexle for taking me here.

Drexle: No problem.

Sakuya: With all those visitors running around today, I could barely
concentrate on my work.

Drexle: Yeah.  I didn't even get any work done!

Sakuya:  Whatever.  Hey, did you see Ayeka today?  I don't think she came
today.

Drexle: Oh.  Well, she was here.  She was just hiding under my desk all day.

Sakuya: What?!

::A large drop of sweat drips down the back of Sakuya's head.::

Sakuya (frowning): Well, actually that's sort of ironic.  Sasami was under
my desk all day, too.

Drexle: Check please!