DISCLAIMER:  Tenchi Universe is a registered copyright and trademark of AIC 
and
Pioneer.  All Rights Reserved.  This work of fiction was written for
entertainment purposes only and not for profit.
==============================
NOTES:  This is the third chapter in my unofficial sequel to Tenchi 
Universe.
I've got big plans for this one, and I am sorry its taken so long to get 
this to
you but I have another major fan fic project going and I wanted to finish an
important part of it.  So, please enjoy and watch for future episodes.
==============================
TENCHI UNIVERSE II
EPISODE 3: NO NEED FOR MIHOSHI
By Michael "The-Zorch" Haney
=============================
	The Jurai Star slowly maneuvered into space dock at the GP Headquarters
station.  A momentary hiss at the hatch told everyone that was waiting that 
the
ship was secured.  The boarding hatch opened and Princess Aeka was the first 
to
pass through.  She was immediately greeted by three female officers of the
Galaxy Police in full dress uniform.  The three GP officers saluted the 
Princess
in proper style.

	"We are please to meet you Princess Aeka, we were informed of your
impending arrival." The first officer said.

	"Thank you for such a cordial greeting." Aeka replied with a smile.

	Next out of the ship came Princess Sasami.  The little princess curtsied
to the three young officers and they young women bowed back to her with 
broad
smiles.  Next followed Professor Washu and her appearance brought looks
of shock to the young ladies faces.  If that did not thoroughly surprise 
them
enough then the appearance of Ryoko put them in a state of shock.

	"You are all on the same ship together?" the first officer asked Aeka.

	"Yes." She replied with a polite smile.

	The final person out of the ship was Tenchi Masaki.  The young officers
looked up at him and suddenly their eyes seemed to almost glaze over.  The 
three
women seemed to almost swoon at his appearance.  Tenchi's face was well 
known
around the galaxy as the man who saved Jurai, and little did he know it but 
he
was a intergalactic heart throb.  The three young officers literally climbed
over each other to greet him.  Aeka, Ryoko, Washu, and Sasami could
have burned holes into their backs with the looks they were giving them.

	"Oh, your Tenchi Masaki." One of the officers said.  "I saw you on the
holovid."

	"You were brave going after that danger criminal all by yourself." Another
said.

	"Do you have a girlfriend?" the third one asked.

	Aeka, Ryoko, Washu and Sasami had seen and heard enough.  Tenchi was
stammering to try and answer what the three young women were saying, and all 
the
while he kept looking at the girls as if asking for help.  They gave him
help.  All four of them pulled the three officers away from Tenchi, turned 
then
around and said, "He belongs to us!"

	"Oh, you mean he's with you?" One of the officers asked.

	"No, what I mean is he's our boyfriend!" Ryoko shouted.

	The three young officers quickly face faltered and when they got back to
their feet they said, "We're sorry, we didn't knew he was taken, by all 
three of
you."

	"All four of us." Sasami told them.

	"I apologize, so what brings you to the GP Headquarters?" the first
officer asked..

	"We're here to see Detective Mihoshi, she is in the hospital here." Tenchi
told them.

	"That's right, she and Detective Kiyone were with you at the Battle of
Jurai." One of the other officers replied.

	The first officer stepped forward and saluted them again.  "I will be
proud to escort you all to your
destination."

	"Thank you, we would very much appreciate it." Aeka told her.

	The other two officers watched them walk away and they both sighed.  "Man
he is really cute." One said.

	Ryoko looked around as they walked through the massive GP Headquarters.
She never imagined in a million years that she would ever be walking around 
in
this place.  She imagined being here once, but as a prisoner, but today
she was a welcomed guest.  The GP station was massive, one of the largest 
space
station she has ever seen, and the number of GP officers walking around made 
her
head spin.  Several young male officers stopped on their way though
the station and marveled.  Some pointed and she could hear then say her name 
or
Aeka's name, but for the most part they all had the same look on their 
faces.
Aeka chose to ignore them, but Ryoko knew they were admiring their good
looks.
	The hospital was attached to the station and had its own power resources
in case of an emergency.  They entered the lobby and the GP officer 
immediately
went to the front desk.  The receptionist looked up and smiled at them.

	"These people are here to see Detective Mihoshi." The officer said.  "They
are her friend from when the Battle of Jurai."

	"Oh, why, Miss Ryoko I didn't see you come back down." The receptionist
said.

	"Come back down, but they just arrived a few minutes ago." The GP officer
said.

	"But, not twenty minutes ago I met Miss Ryoko here in this lobby and she
went up to see Mihoshi." The
receptionist told them.

	"Twenty minutes ago we were still in hyperspace." Ryoko told her.

	The receptionist type a few keys at her console and turned a flat panel
display towards them.  On the screen
was security camera footage of Ryoko at the receptionist desk.  She spoke 
with
the receptionist for a moment and them
headed for the turbolifts.

	"But, that can't be." Ryoko them her.

	"Camera do not lie." The receptionist said.

	"Hmm, she looks like Ryoko but I discern a few fundamental differences."
Washu said.  "Did anybody notice anything unusual about that Ryoko in the
video?"

	Everyone looked at each other and then back at Washu.  "No." They all said
in unison.

	"Look at it again, please replay the video." Washu replied.  The
receptionist played back the video again and everyone watched it more 
carefully.
Immediate, Sasami started jumping up and down.  "I know, I know, she doesn't
have a tail!" she shouted.

	"Precisely." Washu said with a smile.

	"Then, who is she?" Aeka asked.

	"Wait, she went to see Mihoshi, uh, I smell a rat." Ryoko told them.

	"You don't think that she's up there to-" Tenchi said with a look of
horror on his face.

	"Those pirate she and Kiyone ran into might not like the idea that she's
still alive." Ryoko replied.

	"They wouldn't dare." Aeka said with surprise.

	"Oh yes they would, come on." Ryoko them her and they all ran with the
officer towards the turbolifts.

	"Contact the Grand Marshall and let him know what is going on." The female
officer said to the receptionist
before the turbolift doors closed.

	Minagi had been making good time heading for Mihoshi's room.  She stepped
off the elevator but a sudden feeling made the hairs on the back of her head
suddenly stand up on end.  She looked around and noticed someone at the 
nurse's
station.  He was a tall man with light green skin, pointed ears, and intense
yellow eyes.  He did not see her, but she did definitely see him.
	Oh, shit, I can't go see Mihoshi with Him around, Minagi said to herself.
She quickly phased through the wall and found herself in an access tunnel.  
She
made her way though the tunnel and found a hatch labeled Turbolift Shaft 8.  
She
opened the hatch and looked inside.  The shaft was a round tube that ran
straight up and down.  There were small footings to use as a ladder, but she
didn't have to use them.  Minagi climbed out of the tube and slowly floated
downward.  She got so far and then heard the sound of a turbolift rising 
below
her.  She stopped and let the lift reach her and she then climbed on top of 
it.
She could hear voices inside, it sounded like a bunch of women talking.  She
didn't doubt it one moment, and thought it was a bunch of nurses coming back 
on
duty, but then she heard the voice of a man.  She recognized the voice, so 
she
carefully phased part of herself into the lift to listen.  Sure enough the 
voice
of the man was exactly like Tenchi's.  Tenchi, but how the heck did Tenchi 
get
all the way from Earth.  She then heard the voices of all the other people 
she
knew, Sasami, Aeka, Ryoko, and Washu.  They are all here, but how?
	It suddenly dawned on her why they were here.  They were here to see
Mihoshi since she was in the GP Hospital and she was their friend.  Minagi
decided the best course of action would be to find out what ship they used 
to
get here, sneak onboard, and confront Washu there far away from Him.

	The group and the GP officer reached Mihoshi's room to find the young
blonde officer asleep.  She suddenly sat up with a fright at the sound of so
many people storming into her room.  The GP officer held her blaster up and
looked around the room, but found no one else around.  She looked under the 
bed
and then looked in the air vents.

	"Its clear." She said.

	"What's clear, what is going on here?" Mihoshi asked.  She looked up at
the others who came into the room.  Her face turned from one of confusion to 
one
of total joy.

	"Tenchi, Aeka, Ryoko, Sasami, Washu, you came to see me!" she exclaimed

	"After Washu heard about what happened we came here as fast as we could."
Tenchi told her.

	"I'll tell the Marshall everything checks out." The GP officer sand as she
holstered her gun and left the room.

	"What was all that about?" Mihoshi asked.

	"Somebody impersonating Ryoko tried to come up to your room." Sasami said.

	Mihoshi's eyes went wide.  "You don't think that somebody would-" she said
but couldn't finish.

	"We hope not." Tenchi replied.  He sat down on the bed next to her and
patted her on the shoulder.

	"Besides, if they find out I'm protecting you they'd better think twice
about trying." Said Ryoko.

	"Same here as well." Added Aeka.

	Mihoshi smiled at all of them warmly, and a few tears fell from her eyes.
"Thanks, all of you, that means a lot to me." She said.

	"We're sorry about Kiyone." Tenchi told her.

	Mihoshi whipped her eyes with a tissue and said, "Its alright, I just have
to get used to idea that she's really gone."

	Tenchi turned to others and gave them a wink.  They all smiled back at
him, stood up and Aeka said, "Well, I think maybe we should go look for a 
soda
machine or something."

	"That sounds good." Sasami said.  The girls all left the room and Mihoshi
looked at them strangely.  Why are they just getting up and leaving like 
that,
she thought.  She realized suddenly that Tenchi did not go with them.  He 
was
still sitting on the bed and was looking out at the stars through the huge
windows in the room.

	"I still can't get over how beautiful the stars are when seen from out in
space." He said.

	"When you live and work in space as much as I have you get used to it."
Mihoshi replied.

	Tenchi looked at her and Mihoshi saw something in his face.  She could not
put her finger on it, but the way he looked at her was not the way Tenchi
usually acted.  "What is it, Tenchi?" she asked him.

	"Mihoshi, after I left planet Jurai for Earth I was alone." He said.  "I
spent a few weeks away from everyone, and in that time I realized something 
that
I wish I could have admitted to myself earlier."

	"I guess it could be lonely living alone again after we'd all been in your
life for so long." Mihoshi told him.

	What is up with Mihoshi, Tenchi asked himself.  She isn't like her old
self, she acts like she's all there and understands whet I'm talking about.  
Not
to say that I thought she was dumb, I wouldn't say that about her, but she 
is
just different for some reason.  I like it.

	"Can I ask you a personal question?" he asked her.

	"Sure." Said Mihoshi.  He sure is acting pretty strange, she thought.

	"When you came to live with us before Kiyone came back and you moved out,
did you at any time have any feelings for me?" asked Tenchi.

	Mihoshi looked a little stunned at that question.  It wasn't what she had
been expecting him to say, and it certainly wasn't anything she expect 
Tenchi
himself to ask a girl, least of all her.  She cleared her mind and tried to
think of a clear answer to his question.  She remembered the days living at 
the
Masaki home on Earth, most of the time was spent napping for reason, but she
remembered the happy times they had together at dinner time and when they 
went
out to go shopping in town.  Of all the times, she did remember clearly how 
much
she admired Tenchi.  She admired him for putting up with Aeka and Ryoko, for
putting up with Washu, and for how kind and caring he was to her.  A vivid
memory came to mind quickly.  She remembered the day she and Kiyone were 
leaving
to return to GP Headquarters.  She was sad for leaving her friends, but she 
was
sad for leaving behind...without...without tell him how she felt about him.

	"I did and still do." She admitted.

	Tenchi turned to her and reached out to touch her hand.  She did not
resist and he softly stroked her fingers with his.  "Mihoshi, I, I wanted to
tell you that I love you." He said.

	Mihoshi gasped in surprise at this sudden news.  She did care very much
for him and did so much want to be with him.  Now he was admitting his love 
for
her.  Mihoshi could not say anything, she knew of only one way to react to 
what
he just told her.  She closed her eyes, leaned towards him, and they kissed
tenderly.

	Suddenly, something came to Mihoshi's mind and she broke from the kiss.
"What about Aeka and Ryoko, they'll skin me alive if they find out." She 
said
quickly.

	"Its alright, they know already, and I have to admit something to you
also." He told her.

	"What is that?" she asked.

	"That I love all of you, that I need you and everyone else in my life, and
that I can't live without any of you." He admitted.

	Mihoshi's eyes went wide in surprise.  "You mean that you love all four of
us?" she asked.

	"All five of you actually." Said Tenchi.

	"Sasami too?" she said, but it was more a statement than a question.

	Tenchi scratched the back of his head and chuckled a little.  "Ya, Sasami
too, she was one of the only girls in the house I ever really felt 
comfortable
being around all the time." He told her.

	Mihoshi looked up at Tenchi with a very sly smile on her face and a
twinkle in her eye.  "I never knew you had it in you Tenchi." She said.  She
slowly slid beside of him and kissed him again, but this time more 
passionately.

	"I thought for a moment you were going to be angry or something." He said
after they parted from the kiss.

	"I could never be angry at you Tenchi, but then we didn't give you much
room to breath either so I guess I can't be surprised you fell for all of 
us."
She told him.

	Tenchi suddenly realized that he almost forgot about something.  "Are you
alright, I mean, did you get hurt badly?" he asked.

	"No, I got a concussion from hitting my head on my console, but that is
all." Said Mihoshi.

	"I loved Kiyone too." He said.  Mihoshi wrapped her arms around his neck
and held him close after he said that.  "I loved her too, she was like a 
sister
to me." She admitted.  Tenchi held her tightly and it felt so right to hold 
her.
He was starting to feel complete again, everyone was back into his life.  He
knew he would never get to say these things to Kiyone, and somehow he could 
feel
that maybe she would have been happy too.  As they just sat their holding 
one
another unseen eyes watched them.  Those eyes were filled with tears.  The 
Grand
Marshall switched off the console, turned, and looked up at Mihoshi's 
doctor.

	"I think she will be just fine for now on, doctor." He said.

	"She shows no signs of relapse, I could release her today if you like."
The doctor offered.

	"No, give her one more day, and then I'll pull some strings and give
Mihoshi a few months vacation." The marshal replied.

	"They looked good together, sir." Said the doctor.

	"They certainly do, they certainly do." Said the marshal as he left the
office.  Mihoshi I wish you better luck than you had with our family, the
marshal said to himself as he headed for his own office in another part of 
the
GP headquarters.

	In another part of the GP station two nondescript characters made their
way through the throngs of people in the main promenade.  They did not dress 
out
of the ordinary, did not act out of the ordinary, but they did keep an eye 
open
at all times around them just in case.

	"Man, I gotta be sick in the head to let you talk me into doing this." The
taller of the two men said quietly.

	"Its was Jaquari's idea, not mine, and besides he's gonna give us an extra
bonus for doing this job." The shorter man replied.

	"But off'n somebody in GP Headquarters is suicide." The taller man said.

	"Namon, relax and do what I do and we'll do our job and be out of here
before the cops get wind of what we did." The shorter man explained.

	"Grell, did ya look at the picture of this woman, she's a really hottie."
Namon said holding up a picture of Mihoshi.  The photo showed her in her GP 
full
body armored battle suit.

	"Damn, she sure is a looker." Replied Grell.  "Sure is shame we gotta off
her."

	"Maybe we canna have us some fun before we give it to her, aye?" Namon
suggested.

	"Ah, my friend, the thought of being between those two luscious legs is a
very inviting one indeed." Replied Grell.  Both men laughed heartily as they
turned down a corridor that lead towards the hospital section of the base.

	The girls found a small waiting room at the end of the hall near the 
turbolifts.  There they found a few snack machines, which made Sasami very 
happy, and they just sat chatted and watched the video screen.  The screen 
was showing the latest news.  Some talk about what was going on in the 
government of Jurai since the disappearance of Princess Aeka and Sasami, the 
return of the rightful emperor to the throne of Jurai after he and his wives 
were found by members of Galactic Science Academy in a pocket of subspace, 
and some mention of the investigation in the death of Detective Kiyone.

	"You know if Mihoshi can describe the ship they were using I could probably 
tell the cops who it was that did it." Ryoko said.

	"You'd do that for Mihoshi?" Sasami asked with a proud smile on her face.

	"Hey, she's our friend isn't she." Replied Ryoko.

	"That is a nice thing to suggest, that is if she can remember what the ship 
looked like." Said Aeka.

	"Did anybody notice anything weird about Mihoshi?" asked Sasami.  "Miya?" 
Ryo-Ohki added with a meow and a shake of her head.

	"Like what?" asked Ryoko.  She was floating in the middle of the room in a 
lotus position.

	Washu downed the last bit of a soda pop and tossed the empty can into a 
black portal that appeared behind her.  "Like she's actually got a grasp on 
reality." She said.

	"I did notice that, but did not think anything of it until now." Said Aeka.

	Washu cracked her knuckles, summoned her holocomputer, and started typing 
in commands.  "This might confirm a theory I had about her." She said.

	"What would that be?" Ryoko asked, almost afraid of the lengthy answer 
Washu was likely to give.

	"I still have Mihoshi's mind data stored in a databank in my main 
computer." Explained Washu.  "I studied it to see if I can figure out what 
makes her so-ditzy-and I came to this very logical conclusion.  She must 
have suffered some kind of terrible trauma sometime after she graduated form 
the GP Academy."

	"You mean the way she was before was a result of some emotional trauma?" 
asked Aeka.  "But what could have happened to her?"

	Washu closed down her computer and sighed.  "Beats me, I tried to open her 
file a dozen times but its locked down with one of the hardest encryption 
protocols I have ever seen." Said Washu.

	"You mean the Greatest Scientific Genius in the Universe couldn't hack into 
a simple computer file?" asked Ryoko with a little chuckle.

	Washu grimaced at this and said, "I could if I were motivated enough, but I 
got bored with it and start working on something else."

	"Maybe when she's ready to tell us she will." Sasami suggested.

	"Hmmm." All the others said at once.

	Grell and Namon got off the turbolift on Mihoshi's floor and looked around. 
  They saw only a few nurses and no body else.  They did not see any guards 
outside of the room that was supposed to belong to their target either.  On 
the lift they took pieces off their belt buckles, necklace pendants, and 
their jacket buttons.  They pieces these together to form two small energy 
pistols.  They were the perfect concealed weapon.  Now, they kept the guns 
under their jacks as they strolled leisurely towards the hospital room where 
Mihoshi was staying.  The two passed by the entrance to the waiting room.  
At that very moment Ryoko happened to be looking in that direction and she 
recognized the two men immediately.

	Grell and Namon, what are those two lowlifes doing here, she asked herself. 
  She floated out of the room and watched them approach Mihoshi's door, they 
looked around to make sure everything was clear, and they drew out their 
guns before opening the door.

	"Oh no you don't." She said under her breath.

	Mihoshi and Tenchi were surprised to say the least when two armed them 
entered the room unannounced.  Mihoshi's eyes went wide with fright and she 
climbed behind Tenchi on the bed.  Tenchi's eyes were wide with surprise but 
he was not about to let two criminals hurt the woman he loved either without 
a fight.

	"Oh, shit, wat we do now?" Namon asked Grell.

	"We ice'em both you nitwit." Grell said.  "Do the boy first so we can play 
with the GP bitch some first."

	"Don't you dare touch her!" shouted Tenchi with a defiant look on his face.

	"What a brave little lad you are." Grell said with a smile of crocked 
teeth.  "Sticken up for your girl like that."

	"Shivery ain't dead afta all." Replied Namon.

	"Almost makes me sorry I gotta do this." Grell said as he leveled his gun 
at Tenchi's head.  Suddenly, a form rushed up from the floor and kicked the 
gun from his hand.

	"Wah!" Grell yelped and he jumped back.

	Ryoko in her black and red battle suit stood in the way of the two men, she 
conjured her energy sword and held its tip out towards the two would be 
assassins.  After realizing who it was that was standing in front of them 
Namon dropped his gun on the floor.  He knew it wasn't going to be any good 
against her.

	"R-R-Ryoko, how pleasant to see you again." Grell said.

	"I hope you two aren't here to do what I think you were about to do or I'd 
have to open a can of wompass on the both of you." She said with a lethal 
look in her eyes.

	"They were going to kill me, and then rape and kill Mihoshi." Said Tenchi 
who was still on the bed with a frightened Mihoshi.

	A flame flared up on Ryoko's eyes that brought a chill to the two men's 
bones.  "A long time ago when I was really young and just starting out as a 
pirate I recall the two of you tried to do the same thing to me." She said.

	"Well you see now, we wus also young and stupid." Namon replied.

	"Now your older and still stupid so what's the fuck'n difference." She 
replied and started to slowly advance on them.

	Grell fell to his knees and clasped his hands together in front of him.  
"Please don't kill us, Ryoko, we were only follow'n orders." He whined.

	Ryoko grabbed Grell by the neck, lifted him up off the floor, and slammed 
him hard against the wall.  "Who's orders?" she asked in an icy voice.

	"He'll kill us if'n we squeal." Namon said.

	Ryoko looked at him without pity and said, "And if you don't tell me I'll 
kill you, so either way your both dead."

	"Jaquari, Akira Jaquari!" shouted Grell after a gasp of breath.

	Ryoko let Grell fall to the floor and she looked at the both of them with 
disgust.  "Jaquari, you mean to tell me that waste of skin runs his own gang 
now?" she asked them.  The two men nodded with very terrified looks on their 
faces.

	"I never want to see either of your butt ugly faces again, and you tell 
Jaquari that Mihoshi is under my protected and if he values his head he'd 
better keep his distance." She told them.  The two didn't even try to say 
anything because they both ran out of the room that fast.
	Immediately after the other girls ran into the room.  "What's going on, we 
just saw two creepy looking guys just run out of here like their asses were 
on fire." Asked Washu.

	"Just a couple of old acquaintances of mine trying to cause trouble." Said 
Ryoko.

	Tenchi got off the bed and walked over to Ryoko.  He turned her around and 
kissed her softly.  "Thank you for coming when you did, I forgot Tenchi-ken 
in my room on the ship." He said with an embarrassed smile.

	"Don't mention it, Tenchi dear." She replied before kissing him back, but 
more forcefully.

	"Shouldn't we report those guys?" asked Mihoshi.

	"Nah, they're small time, Jaquari is the one who's calling the shots." 
Replied Ryoko with a wave of her hand.  "And I'd bet he's the asshole who is 
responsible for Kiyone's death too."

	"You mean those guys tried to-" Sasami gasped and put her hand over her 
mouth.

	Ryoko pointed to something on the floor.  "The big one, Namon, dropped his 
gun right there." She said.  Sasami looked at the small weapon.  Washu bent 
over and picked it up.

	"Interesting, a portable laser pistol that can be dismantled for easy 
concealment." She said after examining it for a few minutes.  "Looks like a 
custom job, the guy who can make one of these is pretty good."

	"A scumbag by the name of Zed makes them and sells them on the black 
market." Said Ryoko.

	"Zed, the Zed, the greatest illegal gunsmith in the galaxy?" Mihoshi asked 
with surprise.

	"One and the same." Replied Ryoko.

	"This is all interesting, but someone just tried to kill Tenchi and 
Mihoshi, what do we do now?" asked Aeka.

	"We get Mihoshi onto the Jurai Star and get the hell out of here." Said 
Tenchi.

	"But I can't just leave, I have to go to a debriefing about what happened 
on the Yagami, and I have to report to my superiors-" Mihoshi said but 
Tenchi cut her off.  "Somebody is out to kill you, so I'm not going to take 
any chances." He said.

	There was a knock at the door just then.  Ryoko opened it and the Grand 
Marshal of the Galaxy Police walked in.  "I couldn't help but overhear what 
happened, are you OK sweet pea?" he asked Mihoshi.

	"I'm ok grandpa, Ryoko stopped the guys just in time." Mihoshi told him and 
returned his hug.

	The marshal turned to Tenchi and said, "Your idea is not without merit 
young man, get my precious grand daughter out of here, keep her safe."

	"She's in a GP facility, isn't this place safe enough?" asked Aeka.

	"Not if Akira Jaquari is out to kill her." The marshal rep[lied.

	"I don't get it, Jaquari is a small time hustler, how did he get to be so 
powerful?" asked Ryoko.

	"He put a small gang together in the outer rim territories and made a small 
name for himself raiding ore convoys." Explained the marshal.  "Then, he got 
a big break, he challenged the head of a larger rival gang to a duel and 
won."

	"Oh shit." Ryoko said with surprise.

	"I see your familiar with their loose code of honor then." Said the 
marshal.  "After he killed the gang's leader they had to pledge their 
loyalty to him and their assets became his."

	"Just because he killed their leader he suddenly get everything that was 
his?" asked Tenchi.

	"Its a twisted code of honor among the pirates, if you kill the leader of a 
gang the gang becomes yours to do with as you please." Ryoko explained.

	 "Why don't you have your own gang then?" Sasami asked her.

	"I never killed anybody." Ryoko told her.

	"That's good." The little princess replied with a smile.

	"The doctor is discharging Mihoshi tomorrow morning, but I don't think it 
would matter if she left tonight." Said the marshal.

	"Are you sure about this grandpa?" asked Mihoshi.

	The Grand Marshal put his hands on Mihoshi's shoulders and looked her in 
the eyes.  "Sweet pea, I would not be able live with myself if anything 
happened to you." He told her.  "You have a man who loves you dearly and 
friends who are willing to fight to protect you.  I'll make certain that 
nobody finds out where you went, in fact don't tell me where you're going, 
its safer that way."

	"I guess this means we're going to be on the run in space again just like 
last time." Tenchi said with a chuckle.

	"Nah, this time we don't have to worry about scrupulous GP officers and 
Juraian military shooting at us, we have to worry about pirates who like to 
fight dirty and use nasty ambush tactics with singularity mines and 
multi-gigawatt tractor beams." Said Washu.

	"Ouch." Commented Ryoko.

	Elsewhere on the GP station the two would be assassins made their way to 
the space dock.  They walked along trying not to look nervous looking for a 
transport that could them to where they needed to go.  As they made their 
way through the crowd Grell noticed a familiar figure coming towards them.

	"Namon, I think we just might have a lucky break here." He said.

	"Wat ya mean, Grell?" Namon asked.

	"Lookie who's coming our way." Grell said pointing towards the figure ahead 
of them.

	The person walked with the grace of a women with long, slender legs, and 
their face was obscured by a hood and cape.  A small gray, furred creature 
sat on her right shoulder.

	"Oh, fuck me, it be Nagi!" Namon exclaimed.  Grell slapped a hand over the 
taller man's mouth.

	"Well, bless me, if it ain't the great Nagi in the flesh." Grell said to 
her as she neared them.

	She stopped and pulled her hood off her head and gave them both an icy 
stare.  "What are you two scum doing here of all places?" she asked.

	"We're on an errand for our new boss." Grell told her.  "But we have run 
into a little snag."

	"Don't cry to me about your problems." Nagi snapped.

	"The snag I mentioned might be something you'd be interested in." He told 
her.

	"The bounty on both your heads would barely pay for one of those lice 
infested beds on Antilles Three." She replied with a wicked smirk.

	"Does the name Ryoko mean anything to ya?" he asked.

	Nagi looked at him and snorted derisively, "Maybe before she became a 
galactic heroine, but right now I've got more profitable fish to fry."  
Grell tried to say something more but Nagi flipped the hood back on her head 
and continued down the deck ignoring him.

	"How do ya like that, she di nah jump at the chance to get Ryoko." Namon 
said.

	"Something is definitely going on here, my friend." Replied Grell.  "Lets 
get a transport back to Lacomb and talk to Jaquari to see what he might 
know."

	"If'n he don't kill us for nah off'n that Mihoshi bitch." Namon said.

	"I think not, it would take a mighty big fish to draw Nagi away from 
Ryoko." Grell told him as they continued on their quest for a transport.  
"And that kind of news might quell Jaquari's anger a bit."

	Nobody asked any questions or were allowed around the dock for the Jurai 
Star when it left port.  The controllers were ordered not to record the 
route the ship was taking when it left the station, and all records of the 
Jurai Star having docked at the station mysteriously disappeared from the 
computers without a trace.  Aeka stood before the control podium of the 
great ship and engaged its powerful engines to take it into hyperspace.  The 
stars began to streak past the ship at an incredible speed and there was a 
slight feeling of acceleration but nothing more.  Tenchi watched her work 
the controls with fascination and wondered if she might like to teach him 
how to use then one day.  Ryoko and Washu were on the bridge with them.  
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki were elsewhere in the ship showing Mihoshi to her 
quarters.

	"Well, we are on our way." She said.

	"Where are we going?" Tenchi asked.

	"I know of this nice planet that has some really beautiful beaches this 
time of year." Aeka said.

	"Hotari?" asked Ryoko with a smile.

	"That's the one." Said Aeka.

	"What's Hotari?" asked Tenchi.

	"Your not from space so you wouldn't know about it." Said Washu.  "Its the 
galaxy's equivalent to America's Niagara Falls."

	"You mean its a lover's resort." He said.

	"Exactly." The three women said at once.

	 Tenchi blushed red and scratched the back of his head.  "I guess this 
means my nights are going to be booked for the time being." He said.  The 
three women nodded at once and smiled at him.  They each had a hungry look 
in their eyes.  "But you won't see me complaining." He added and gave them a 
crooked smile.

	Ryoko teleported behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist and said 
in his ear, "Tenchi, you've turned into a very naughty boy lately."

	Back further in the ship towards the living quarters Mihoshi looked around 
at the incredible sites of the massive, cavernous garden inside the Jurai 
Star.  She was awed by the majesty and beauty of the place, and the immense 
size of the great Juraian tree that stood in the center of it all.  She 
turned around towards the living quarters in time to see Sasami walking out 
of her room with a strange black box in her hand.

	"What is that, Sasami?" she asked the little princess.

	"This is a machine that Washu made." Sasami said.  "It makes your greatest 
fantasies become reality."

	"Wow." Mihoshi said looking at the ordinary looking black box.

	"Tenchi and I used it once." Said Sasami.  "He took us all on our own 
private picnic with him in the garden while we were travelling here to see 
you, and we used this during my picnic."

	"What did you with it?" asked Mihoshi.

	Sasami blushed furiously at the way Mihoshi asked the question.  She turned 
away from the blonde GP detective and her face turned redder.  "Sasami?" 
said Mihoshi.

	"Tenchi too me to all sorts of neat places, but I did something else." She 
said.

	"What, you can tell me." Mihoshi asked her wanting to know what happened.

	"I made myself into an adult so I could sleep with him." She told her.

	Mihoshi gasped in surprise and looked at the little girl who was blushing 
so red she looked like she was about to explode.  "I never imagined you'd do 
something like that, Sasami." Said Mihoshi.

	"I love Tenchi very much, and I'm too young to be anything more to him." 
Sasami told her.  "I thought it would help things."

	"Did it?" asked Mihoshi.

	"It was really beautiful, but I was scared at the same time." Sasami said.  
"Tenchi was so nice to me, he was gentle, and we both really enjoyed 
ourselves."

	"So what's the problem then?" Mihoshi said as she kneeled down to look at 
the little girl in the eye.

	"I-I-I-I want to do it again, but I'm not sure Tenchi will go for it a 
second time." Sasami admitted.

	Mihoshi almost laughed.  "You've been hanging around Ryoko for too long." 
She chuckled.  "Your probably right." Sasami chuckled back and the good 
laugh she shared with her friend made her feel much better.

	They made their way into the galley and Sasami started to pull out the pots 
and pans to she could get dinner started.  Mihoshi helped her take out all 
the ingredients, ramen, fish, assorted veggies, and some frozen egg rolls 
they brought along from Earth.  Sasami was already starting to cook up a 
storm and Ryo-Ohki jumped up onto the galley table and sniffed at the raw 
carrots.

	"Oh, no you don't, not this time." Sasami told her.  She picked up the 
Cabbit, placed her on the floor, and pulled a large, juicy carrot out of her 
kimono.

	"MIYA!!!!" Ryo-Ohki squealed in delight as she hugged the huge root to her 
chest before taking a massive bit out it.

	"I can chop up the veggies for you." Mihoshi offered.

	"Ok." Sasami said with a smile.

	As Mihoshi started to chop the carrots, celery, broccoli, and okra Sasami 
turned back to her pan where she was heating up some peanut oil.

	"Mihoshi, I got to ask you something." Sasami said.  "What happened to 
you?"

	"You know what happened, me and Kiyone were blown out of the sky by some 
pirates." Said Mihoshi.

	"That's not what I meant." Replied Sasami.  "Your different for some 
reason, your not like your old self."

	Mihoshi stopped clopping and looked down at her hands.  "Its hard to talk 
about, Sasami." She told her.

	"I'm your friend and that's what friends are for, right?" the little 
princess told her.  "We help each other when we have problems."

	"If I tell you will you keep it a secret until, until I'm ready to tell the 
others about it?" asked Mihoshi.

	"I promise, I'll even shake on it." The little princess said and she turned 
around and extended her hand to Mihoshi.  The blonde GP detective took the 
small hand in hers and shook it gently.

	"It was a long time ago." Mihoshi started.  "I just got out of the academy 
and I thought I was invincible.  I was sent out on a mission to capture a 
notorious criminal known only as Red Mask.  He was called that because of 
what he dressed in.  Anyway, I tracked him down, and I was able to bust him 
and his whole gang, but they caught onto me.  I was ambushed, and they 
disarmed me."

	"Oh, no." Sasami said.  Her hands flew to her mouth.

	"That wasn't the worst of it." Said Mihoshi.  "They kept me locked up for 
three weeks, and during that time they-they-they-"

	"Its ok, you can say it, be strong." Sasami told her.

	Mihoshi started to cry and Sasami reached out and embraced her with a tight 
hug.  "They raped me four or five times a day, if they weren't raping me 
they were beating me, and it wasn't until three weeks later a GP ship caught 
up with them and they rescued me." Sobbed Mihoshi.

	"I'm so sorry." Sasami told her, tears were falling from her eyes.

	"I feel so much better now that I told somebody, thank you Sasami."
Mihoshi said as she whipped her eyes.

	"I can't imagine what it must have been like." Sasami told her.

	"Most of what I remember is a blur between then and now." Mihoshi admitted. 
  "I guess I was really out of it for a long time wasn't I?"

	"You weren't that bad." Replied Sasami.

	The two went back to getting dinner ready.  Mihoshi brought the chopped 
vegetables to Sasami, and then she seemed to almost be look off into space 
for a second.  "For some reason I seem to remember Kiyone well a lot, why is 
that?" she asked.

	"You wouldn't want to know." Sasami replied.  Mihoshi laughed, "I'm 
probably better off not known, aren't I."  The two suddenly burst out in 
laughter and went back to preparing the meal.

	Sneaking around the Galaxy Police Headquarters was a very hard, but 
sneaking onto a Juraian ship without being detected was even harder.  Minagi 
was proud of her accomplishment, she was aboard the ship that Washu as on 
and HE was nowhere to be seen.  She was in a massive garden built inside the 
ship with the great tree in the center.  Normally the great tree would have 
detected the presence of an intruder and alerted the crew, but for some 
reason the tree was either ignoring her presence or it did not consider her 
a threat.  Minagi thought it would be safer to wait for a while before 
making a move on Washu.  She wanted to get Washu alone, and right now that 
was not possible.  Minagi watched Tenchi and Washu walking through the 
garden arm in arm.  It was a sight Minagi never imagined she would ever see, 
but there they were holding hands.  They even stopped to kiss once on their 
walk, and this almost make her pass out from shock.

	"Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore." Minagi whispered out loud as 
she watched the two from her hiding place.

	Minagi's excellent hearing allowed her to listen to every word the two 
said, and what they talked about was even more fascinating than what they 
were doing.

	"Had any thought about trying for a second baby?" Tenchi asked.

	Washu leaned into Tenchi and smiled warmly.  "Its been a long time, I 
haven't held a baby in over twenty thousand years." Replied Washu.

	"Well, we could try at least." Said Tenchi.  "I mean, I'd like to hear the 
pitter patter of little feet around the house."

	"Well, we are genetically compatible." Said Washu.  "Aeka, Sasami, and 
Mihoshi are genetically compatible with you also."

	"What about Ryoko?" Tenchi asked and he stopped to look at her.  "Isn't she 
too?"

	"Her species is very different, Tenchi." Explained Washu.  "She isn't 
compatible with your genome, but with a little scientific wizardry I could 
do some genome manipulation of Ryoko's DNA so that she could be."

	"Does Ryoko know this?" he asked her.

	Washu shook her head.  "No, and I know it would break her heart if she 
found out."

	The two sat down on a large boulder and looked out the garden dome at the 
passing stars.  "I don't want to hurt her with that news, having my baby is 
one of her dreams." Tenchi said.

	"Which is why I can do the manipulation on her without her knowing." Said 
Washu.  "All I need to do is lace her sake with a virus that will do the 
job."

	"Isn't that a little covert?" Tenchi asked with a slight chuckle.

	"I can be very sneaky." Said Washu with a seductive smile.

	Tenchi gave her a peculiar look.  "I noticed." He replied.

	I wish I had a freaking camcorder, Minagi said to herself as she watched 
and listened to the two.  All of this would be very interesting to mother, 
if I ever get to tell her about it.
	As she was watching the two, Minagi did not notice that the structure she 
was laying on was starting to crumble slightly.  She was laying on an 
outcropping of rock that was surrounded by bushes.  The tops of the bushes 
concealed her presence only if she laid down on her stomach like she was 
now.  Suddenly, the rock gave way and she fell several feet and landed in a 
pool.  She yelled out right before she hit the water.

	"What was that?" asked Washu as she and Tenchi stood up to look around.

	Tenchi saw a the surface of a pool that was disturbed and several pieces of 
large rock that were broken and crumbled laying at its edge.  "Looks like 
one of the rocks broke." He said.

	"Yes, but rocks don't yell out 'Oh Shit'." Said Washu.

	They walked over to the pool and looked into the water and watched a figure 
with white hair sputtering and splashing around until it got to the edge.  
They watched the figure climb out of the water, she was wearing a blue and 
white dress similar to the one Ryoko usually wore around the house, and her 
hair was also Ryoko's color.  Tenchi and Washu both noticed the differences 
immediately though, she definitely looked like Ryoko but she was not Ryoko.

	"Who are you?" asked Tenchi.

	"She was the person impersonating Ryoko from the Galaxy Police Hospital." 
Said Washu as she pointed a slender finger at the girl.

	 The woman looked up at them and said, "Uh, well uh, hello."

	"How did you get onboard?" asked Tenchi.  The thought that this could be 
another person out to hurt Mihoshi filled him with anger.  He approached 
her, grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled her up.

	"Ouch, not so hard Tenchi." The woman said.

	"I don't know you, how do you know my name?" asked Tenchi.  He had a hold 
of her arms now and was shaking her slightly.

	"Tenchi, that hurts, please stop hurting me." The woman pleaded.

	Washu put a hand on Tenchi's shoulder and he released the woman.  "I don't 
think she is a threat, not the way she is acting at least." She told him.

	The woman sat down the ground and started crying as she rubbed her wrists 
where Tenchi had been holding her.  Tenchi started to feel very guilty.  He 
never hurt anyone before, except for Kagato, in anger.  He kneeled down next 
to the woman and said, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you, please don't 
cry."

	"I just want to get back home." The woman sobbed into her hands.

	"Why did you impersonate Ryoko at the hospital?" Washu asked.

	"I needed to see Mihoshi to see if she knew where you were." The woman 
answered.

	Washu pointed at herself.  "You were looking for me, why?" she asked.

	The woman looked up at her told her, "Your the only one who can send me 
back to my own universe."

	"Your own universe?" said Tenchi with a look of surprise on his face.

	"Now this explains a lot." Said Washu.

	"What do you mean?" asked Tenchi.

	"She knows us, but we don't know her, and she looks like Ryoko so maybe 
this IS Ryoko but from another universe." Explained Washu.

	"No, my name is Minagi, Ryoko is my sister." The woman said.

	"That explains why she looked like Ryoko, but isn't a mirror image of her." 
Tenchi said.

	"How did you get here to begin with?" asked Washu.  She sat down next to 
Minagi.  Tenchi sat down where he was kneeling next to her.  He pulled a 
handkerchief from his picket and gave it to her to whip her eyes.

	"Before I tell you, I have to let you know that somebody really powerful is 
after me." She told them.

	"Who is it?" asked Tenchi.

	"I don't know his name, but he gives me the creeps." Minagi said with a 
shiver.  "He has green skin, pointed ears, a demon look in his eyes, and 
he's been trying to follow me everywhere I go."

	Tenchi looked at Washu.  "Could it be one of Ryoko's old enemies mistaking 
her for Ryoko." He asked her.

	Washu shrugged her shoulders.  "Could be, she has a lot of enemies 
scattered around the universe." Said Washu.

	"No, this guy knows who I am and he thinks that I have something important 
he wants." Minagi told them.

	"What is he after, did he speak to you at all?" asked Washu.

	Minagi reached into her sopping wet clothing and pulled out a small black 
jewelry case.  "he is looking for this." She said as she opened the case.  
Inside was a small amulet that appeared to be made of gold in for form of 
three triangles formed placed in a triangular pattern.  The amulet gave off 
a strange golden glow and the air around them seemed to hum with energy in 
time with the pulsating of the light from it.

	"That is beautiful, what is it?" asked Tenchi.

	"I don't know, but whatever it is this guy is willing to kill to get it." 
Said Minagi.

	"How did you get this thing?" Washu asked.

	"Well, its how I got here." Said Minagi.  "I was at home taking little 
Mayuka out for a walk.  We just passed grandfather's shrine when this little 
boy dressed in a strange green elfish outfit appeared out of the woods.  He 
ran up to me and handed me this case with the amulet inside.  He told me to 
not let it out of my sight no matter what happened.  The little boy 
vanished, and I took Mayuka home because she was getting tired and needed a 
diaper change."

	"Who is Mayuka?" asked Tenchi.

	Minagi looked at him and said shyly, "In my universe she is your daughter, 
Tenchi."

	"I have a daughter, who is her mother?" he asked her.

	"Well, you married Ryoko about three years ago, and Mayuka came to live 
with the family a year before then." She replied.  "It was before Washu 
found me, but I understand her mother was actually some demon who tried to 
get revenge against your grandfather and she created Mayuka from your DNA."

	"So Ryoko and I are raising her." Tenchi said.

	"Yes, Aeka left to become Empress of Jurai and she married a knight named 
Shokal, Sasami is staying on Earth and has a boyfriend named Tetsuo, Mihoshi 
and Kiyone are lesbian lovers, and Washu and Yosho are talking about getting 
married." Said Minagi.

	Tenchi just looked at her with a stunned look on his face.  "That was, very 
interesting, especially the part about Mihoshi and Kiyone." Said Washu.  
"But how I could fall for that dirty old fart I don't know."

	"In my universe Yosho's old age is just a disguise created by Tsunami." 
Said Minagi.

	"That whole Kiyone and Mihoshi thing sort of answers a few questions too." 
Washu said.

	"Washu!" said Tenchi with a look of horror on his face.

	"I'm sorry, Tenchi dear." Said Washu with a wink of her eye.

	"Who is Tsunami?" asked Tenchi after coming out of his state of shock.

	"A goddess who watches over Jurai, and she is linked with and will become a 
part of Sasami when she grows up." Answered Minagi.

	"This is starting to get a little deep, lets get back to our subject." Said 
Washu.

	"Ok, well I got back to the house and Ryoko look Mayuka upstairs to change 
her." Minagi continued.  "I went to mom's lab and-"

	"Mom's lab, you said your Ryoko's sister." Washu said.

	"Your our mother, well you created Ryoko and you found me, but you treat us 
like we're your daughters." Replied Minagi.

	"Well, at least I know where Ryoko gets her good looks from." Tenchi said 
giving Washu a playful wink.

	"Watch it, school boy." Washu replied with a smirk.

	"Anyway, I went to mom's lab and I showed her the jewel case and the 
amulet." Minagi continued.  "Mom said it had powerful magical properties, 
and if it fell into the wrong hands it could cause great destruction.  A few 
hours later the green guy shows up with an army of hideous monsters.  They 
attack the house and Ryoko and Tenchi use their Light Hawk Wings and cream 
them all, but the green guy is very strong and he fights them both off."

	"Tenchi and Ryoko in your universe have some kind of super powers?" Washu 
asked.

	"Well, Ryoko's powers come from her gems, which used to be your goddess 
powers when you were a goddess and sister to Tsunami, and Tenchi has his 
powers because his birth was engineered by Tsunami by manipulating the 
bloodlines of the Jurai royal family." Minagi them her.

	"This is starting to sound like a bad B movie or soap opera." Tenchi 
groaned.

	"Its all true." Minagi told them.  "When the green guy came beat Tenchi and 
Ryoko he went to the house and tried to get the amulet, but mom created a 
portal and told me to run for it with the jewel case, and I've been running 
ever since I got here."

	"You poor thing." Washu said.

	Tenchi stood up and extended his hand to Minagi.  She took it and let him 
help her to her feet.  "Come with us, we'll take you to the galley to see if 
Sasami's got any food ready." He said.

	"I haven't eaten a decent meal, let alone any of Sasami's, in weeks." 
Minagi said.

	They walked to the living quarters where Mihoshi and Sasami were setting 
the dinner table.  Aeka and Ryoko where there helping and they all looked up 
at Tenchi and Washu, but then froze when they saw who was with them.  Ryoko 
instantly teleported in front of the girl who looked something like her and 
gave her the once over.

	"Where the hell did she come from?" asked Ryoko.

	"This is Minagi, she will be staying with us for a while." Said Tenchi.

	"What?!" the other girls said with wide eyes.

	"But, wasn't she the one in that video at the hospital?" Sasami asked.

	"She came to see Mihoshi to try and find me." Washu told them.  "She has an 
unusual problem and we agreed to help her out."

	"You mean you and Tenchi agreed, what about asking us first?" asked Ryoko 
with a sour look on her face.

	"Ryoko, I'm sorry, but she really needs our help." Tenchi said.

	Ryoko looked at Tenchi face and she started to smile.  "Good old Tenchi, 
never could turn away a pretty damsel in distress."

	"Ryoko, I never met her before." He told her.

	"I'm kidding, I know you'd never cheat on us." She said.

	"Cheat, who could I possibly cheat with who is more beautiful than any one 
of you." He said.

	Minagi's eyes went wide with sudden surprise.  "You mean your not just 
involved with Washu, your involved with all of them?" she asked.

	"All of them." Tenchi told her.

	"Boy, does mom have to hear this one when I get back." Minagi said.

	"Who is her mom?" Ryoko asked Tenchi as Washu lead Minagi on to meet the 
others.

	"She appears to be from another universe." Tenchi said.  "She is your 
sister, and your both Washu's daughters."

	Ryoko looked at him with a look of horror.  "Washu is my mother." She said.

	"You and I are married and we have a baby girl named Mayuka." He continues.

	She whips the sweat from her brow and smiles at him in relief.  "Well, its 
not a totally insane universe after all." She replied.

	Dinner went by very slowly as Minagi retold her story to the others.  Ryoko 
has a hard time believing some of it.  She didn't like the idea that Mayuka 
was not hers genetics wise, but she was happy that in another universe she 
gets Tenchi to herself.  Mihoshi nearly passed out when Minagi told them 
about her Kiyone's relationship.

	"Actually, they are really more bisexual than lesbian really." Said Minagi.

	"How do you know that?" Washu asked.

	"I've been on dates with them with these guys we met on a space station in 
the Delta Quadrant." She said.

	"Could we discuss a different subject, we do have a child at the table." 
Aeka said.

	"Technically I'm not a child anymore, not after the other day." Sasami 
said.
	"That was make believe, this is reality." Aeka told her.

	"Technically, Aeka, it was real." Washu corrected her.

	Minagi finished off her cup of sake and asked, "What are they talking 
about?"

	"Tenchi took us all on a private picnic in the ship's garden on our trip to 
the GP hospital." Ryoko said.  "When it was Sasami's turn the they used a 
device of Washu's that turns fantasies into reality."

	"Oh, I think Washu from my universe has a similar machine, so what 
happened?" Minagi asked.

	"Oh, uh, well, you see-" Tenchi started to say as he scratched the back of 
his head.

	"Little, sweet, innocent Sasami goes off and wishes herself into an adult 
and you can put two and two together after that." Said Ryoko.

	Minagi's eyes went wide.  "Sasami?" she asked in shock.

	"Excuse me, but the rest of you, excluding Mihoshi because she wasn't here 
at the time, planned the whole thing out and put the idea into her head." 
Tenchi told them.

	"You didn't sleep with her did you?" asked Minagi.

	"Well, uh-" Tenchi said with a blush and started to scratch the back of his 
head again.

	"Tenchi, she's eight years old, how could you." Minagi said with wide eyes.

	"You should have seen her, she didn't look like she does now, she was 
incredibly beautiful." He said.  "I saw the look of love in her eyes, those 
same pretty pink eyes and I could hold myself back no matter how hard I 
tried."

	"It was all just virtual world inside their minds, right." Minagi asked.

	"The device creates a small pocket universe that contains whatever you wish 
it to contain, and whatever is inside of it is very real." Washu told her.

	"So this means Sasami isn't a virgin anymore." Aeka asked, realizing for 
first time.

	"Technically yes, and technically no." Washu said.  "She altered her body 
in the pocket universe, the device has a injury and mortality failsafe 
feature, so her current body is still technically a virgin."

	"Wait, you mean she can experience loosing her virginity twice?" Ryoko 
asked.

	"Yup." Replied Washu.

	"Where is that machine?" Ryoko asked and gave Tenchi a very seductive smile 
that turned him red as a Radio Flyer wagon.

	"Calm down sex fiend, isn't it Mihoshi's turn for a picnic tomorrow?" Washu 
asked.

	Tenchi and Mihoshi met eye to eye for the first time since they came 
onboard the ship and he smiled at her.  "Sasami could you get something 
ready for us tomorrow?" he asked.

	"Sure." The little princess said cheerfully.

	Minagi just shook in her head in disbelief.  "Tenchi and Mihoshi, now that 
is something I think would make mom faint." She said.

	Washu chuckled before taking a bite of her food and said, "You'd be 
surprised."  Minagi looked at her and told her, "Well, Mihoshi in my 
universe is your great grand daughter."  Washu just stared at her for a 
moment as if in a state of shock.

	"That one rocked your boat didn't it?" asked Minagi with a Cheshire Cat 
grin.  "Uh, you were joking about that weren't you?" asked Washu.

	"Nope." Said Minagi.

	Washu rapidly finished off her food and literally ran from the table.  
Before leaving the room she shouted behind her, "Sorry to eat and run but I 
gotta go and look into something, bye!"

	"That was really mean." Said Sasami with a scowl on her face as she looked 
at Minagi.

	"It was the truth." She said.

	"Yes, but it was the way you told her." The little princess replied.  
Minagi looked downcast and said, "I'm sorry Sasami."

	"Me and Washu being related does sound a little funny." Said Mihoshi with a 
chuckle.  Everyone else started to chuckled a little too and even Sasami 
seemed to lighten up.

	After dinner Tenchi helped Sasami clear the table, and they all went into 
the garden to relax.  Ryoko disappeared for a while and returned in a very 
revealing bathing suit and jumped into the lake.  Not long after everyone 
else decided to do the same thing, but Mihoshi stayed on dry land.

	"Come on in, Mihoshi, the waters nice and warm." Tenchi said.

	"I didn't bring a bathing suit." She said.

	Ryoko teleported next to her, looked her up and down, and said, "You look 
sort of close to my size, I might have something you can wear."  Mihoshi 
smiled and went with her to her quarters.  They returned a short while 
later.  Tenchi looked up and was stunned at the beauty before him.  Mihoshi 
was wearing a one piece bathing suit with a plunging neckline that went all 
way down to just below her navel, her legs seemed to travel on forever, and 
her dark tan went very well with the light tones of the swimsuit.  She was a 
vision of incredible loveliness.  "Earth to Tenchi." Said Ryoko when she 
realized he was staring at Mihoshi in an almost hypnotic way.

	"Huh?" he said coming out of his trance.

	"Wipe your chin, you're drooling." She joked.

	"Oh, umm." He said smiling wide and scratching the back of his head.

	They got into the water and swam next to Tenchi.  It was at that moment 
that Sasami's mischievous side came out.  She whispered something to 
Ryo-Ohki, the Cabbit nodded her little furry head and ran off.  A few 
minutes later she was back with a small plastic pale in her mouth.  Sasami 
took it and went to one of the other smaller pools of water in the garden.  
She picked one that was just right and got a bunch of water.  She came back 
to the lake and chose her target.  Ryoko, her intended victim was near the 
edge, so she crept up behind her and dumped the contents of the pale on her 
head.

	"AHHHHHHH!  That's cold!" she screamed.

	"Run Ryo-Ohki!" Sasami squealed in delight as Ryoko rose into the air and 
start chasing her.  "I'll got you for that!" Ryoko shouted after her with a 
playful grin on her face.  The three disappeared but everyone could still 
hear Sasami giggling away, then she let out a loud squeak.  "Got ya!" Ryoko 
shouted.
	Everyone watched Ryoko, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki fly overhead towards another 
part of the garden.  When Sasami realized where Ryoko was taking her she 
started to struggle.  "No, not that!" she shouted.  Sasami screamed out loud 
as Ryoko dropped her and Ryo-Ohki into the same cold pool of water she got 
the water from in the first place.  "MWWWAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" Ryoko laughed as 
a wet and shivering Sasami and Ryo-Ohki climbed out of the water.  Ryoko was 
laughing so hard she did not notice the low hanging tree branch.  She banged 
her head into and went down.  Ryoko found herself on her back and rubbed her 
head.

	"Ouch." She said.

	She was Sasami and Ryo-Ohki appear above her.  They were both smiling.  
That's not a good sign, she said to herself.  Ryoko looked to the side and 
saw that the little princess was holding another plastic pale.  This time 
though instead of being filled with ice cold water it was filled with just 
plain ice.
	"You wouldn't." said Ryoko.  Sasami gave her a little smile and nodded her 
head.  "You couldn't." Said Ryoko.  Sasami's smile widened and she nodded 
her head again.  Ryoko's face drooped and she said, "You would."  Seconds 
later, everyone at the lake heard Ryoko give the loudest scream they had 
ever heard.  They scrambled out of the water and watched Sasami and Ryo-Ohki 
running for cover as a very cold Ryoko came into view shivering like a leaf.

	"Y-y-y-y-you're g-g-g-g-going to p-p-p-p-pay f-f-f-for that l-l-l-l-little 
g-g-g-g-girl." Ryoko said as she shiver from icy bath she just had.  It 
started with Tenchi, and then the other broke into hysterical laughter.

	They all returned to the water and Ryoko soon warmed up in the lake.  She 
dove under the water and Tenchi and Mihoshi followed her.  They followed her 
deep to the bottle of the pool and swam among the roots of the great tree.  
Ryoko caught up with Tenchi and kissed him.  He smiled back at her and then 
felt a pair of arms grab him from behind.  Mihoshi kissed him on the back of 
the neck and release him.  By this time Tenchi's lungs were screaming for 
air so he raced to the surface and gasped for breath.  Washu was at the 
shore in her green one piece swimsuit.

	"Hey, Tenchi!" she shouted to him.

	"You coming into the water?" he asked her.

	"Ya, but here take this." She called and tossed something to him.  He 
caught it under the water and looked at it.  It was some kind of circlet 
bracelet made of what looked like a white metal.  There were four small 
blinking lights on it and no buttons.  "What is this?" he asked her.

	"Put it on and dive underwater." She told him.  Tenchi put the bracelet on 
and did as she asked.  He didn't feel any different, then he heard a splash 
in the water and turned around to see Washu swimming towards him.  "Hiya 
Tenchi." She said clearly to him.

	"Huh!  But we're-" he said and realized that he was able to talk fine under 
the water also.  Then he noticed he was also able to breath too.

	"Neat toy isn't it?" she said as she wrapped her arms around his neck and 
kissed him passionately.  "Do the others have one?" he asked.

	"Sure do." She replied and sure enough Aeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and Mihoshi 
appeared in their midst and grabbed onto him.

	"Uh, how long do these things work?" he asked.

	"Well, they are powered by hydrogen." Washu told him.  "Using cold fusion 
the devices separates the hydrogen from the H2O molecule, the oxygen 
molecule is streamed into a micro force field that is made to keep the water 
out of your lungs.  The field is actually created by generating a molecular 
cohesion zone around your body, which creates a mind of skin of water 
molecules that lets all but other water pass through.  The field doesn't 
cover the bracelet so it can get a supply of water it needs for fuel.  The 
bracelet has a neural communicator that interfaces with your brain so you 
can hear what I am saying under the water."  She smiled after giving her 
explanation, but everyone just looked at her dumbfounded by it.

	Seeing that they didn't get it she sighed and said, "Its makes a bubble 
around you and has a radio in it so we can talk to each other."

	"Oh." The others said with understanding.

	"You guys are making it really hard for me to be a super genius." She said.

	Tenchi drew her close to him and his looked into her eyes.  "I wouldn't 
have you any other way, sweet Washu." He told her and kissed her softly.

	"Damn, I wish I had a camcorder with me." Said Minagi from some distance 
away.

	They finished off the evening at the edge of the lake with a snack and some 
star gazing.  They laid back on their beach blankets and looked up at the 
passing stars.  The night time cycle started on the ship and all the 
interior lights were now dimmed.  Tenchi has his arms behind his head and he 
sighed contently.  "This is so peaceful out here." He said.

	"Yes, I always like looking out at the stars at night." Said Mihoshi.

	"How, you were almost always asleep at night?" asked Ryoko.

	"I kind of recall sleeping a lot." Replied Mihoshi.  She looked like she 
was trying very hard to concentrate on her memory.

	Tenchi reached out and caressed her thigh.  "Its ok, I don't know what 
happened, I notice that you have changed somehow, but it doesn't matter 
because I love you no matter how you are." He told her.  Mihoshi turned her 
head to look at him and she could see her face in the dim light enough to 
know she was blushing.  "I love you too." She replied.

	Ryoko got another beach blanket out and covered Sasami and Ryo-Ohki who had 
fallen asleep.  She kissed the little girl on her cheek and then took her 
place near Tenchi again.  "So, Washu, did you find anything out?" asked 
Ryoko.

	"Huh, what?" said Washu.

	"Did you find out if you were related to Mihoshi?" she asked.

	"Thank goodness, in this universe we are not related." Washu said with a 
crooked smile.  Mihoshi shrugged her shoulders and said, "Too bad, it would 
have been interesting."

	"So, Minagi, what does Tenchi do for a living in your universe?" Ryoko 
asked.

	Minagi sits up on one elbow, takes a sip of sake and replies, "He attends a 
local college, but in a couple of years Katsuhito is going to retire and 
Tenchi will take over full time."

	"Oh." Said Ryoko.

	Aeka sets up and asks Minagi, "You said I become empress of Jurai?"

	Minagi nodded her head.  "After a few years you get involved with one the 
captain of the royal guard, a knight named Shokal." She told her.  "After 
having a romance for three years you both get married and you crown him 
Emperor."

	"What does he look like?" asked Aeka.  Minagi dematerializes for a moment 
and then reappears.  She hands Aeka a small picture book the size of a 
wallet.  She opens it and sees a picture of her in a Juraian royal wedding 
robe with a very handsome man with intense eyes but a soft smile.  "He looks 
very nice, but seems like he's seen a lot of hardship." She commented.

	"He fought beside you in the Goddess War against Tokimi." Minagi told her.  
The others sat up and looked at the picture also.  "Tokimi is Washu and 
Tsunami's evil sister."  Aeka turned the photo and saw a picture of Tenchi 
and Ryoko standing together with their arms around each other, with their 
other hands they were holding up a pretty young baby girl with sky blue 
hair.

	"Is that Mayuka?" Washu asked.  "She's adorable."

	Minagi nodded.  "That's little May." She said.

	"We look so good together." Ryoko commented.

	Looking at the other photo next to it they could see a tall young woman 
with long blue hair standing next to a strange looking woman who was cover 
from head to foot with brownish fur.  On her head was a large oval shaped 
red crystal, and her hair flared out in long luxurious locks of brown and 
white.  Tenchi could already guess who the young woman was.  The sight of 
her gave him a sense of deja vu.

	"Who are they?" asked Ryoko.

	Minagi pointed to the blue haired woman.  "That is Sasami." She pointed 
out.  She pointed to the other woman and said, "And that is Ryo-Ohki."

	"Huh, but how could that be?" asked Washu as she examined the picture.

	"Ryo-Ohki has had the power to transform into a humanoid form for as long 
as I remember." Minagi told her.

	"She is pretty." Admitted Aeka.

	"That is what Sasami looked like inside Washu's dream maker machine." 
Tenchi told them.

	"Boy, she is one looker, no wonder you lost control." Ryoko told him and 
nudged Tenchi in the ribs lightly.  Tenchi just blushed and was grateful 
that Sasami wasn't awake to see this.

	"Lets see the next one." Said Aeka and she turned the page.  The next 
picture showed Noboyuki standing with his arm around a woman who wore some 
kind of very business like attire and had short brown hair.  The woman 
appeared to be of Western descent.  "Who is that with my dad?" Tenchi asked.

	"That is your dad's fianc, her name is Diana Scully." Said Minagi.  "She 
is some sort of police officer or something from America."

	"What is she doing in Japan?" he asked.

	"Oh, I remember, she is with something the Americans called the FBI." Said 
Minagi.  "She and her partner investigate strange happenings and 
supernatural stuff.  They came to Japan to investigate the destruction of a 
bridge that was accidentally smash when Aeka's ship crashed on Earth.  They 
are helping the Nihon police start their own paranormal investigative 
branch."

	"They know about the true origin of the girls then?" Tenchi asked.

	"Yes, but they've kept it a secret." She replied.

	Aeka turned the page again to the last two photos.  The first was of 
Mihoshi in her Galaxy Police battle suit standing in a pose with her 
blaster.  "Wow, now that is what I call a uniform." Said Ryoko.  The last 
picture was of Katsuhito and Washu standing in front of the shrine holding 
hands.  Katsuhito is handing her a Royal Teardrop flower and Washu has a 
deep blush on her face.  The expression on her face tells the whole story.  
"I really look like I'm deeply in love." Said Washu.

	"You are, you and Katsuhito are going to get married." Minagi said.

	Washu rolled over onto her back and looked up at the passing stars.  
"Imagine that." She said.

	Tenchi looked over at the sleeping Sasami and then the now empty bottle of 
sake setting on the ground just outside their circle of beach blankets.  "I 
think we should get some sleep, its getting late." He said.  Aeka yawned and 
handed the picture book back to Minagi.  "I agree, could you help me with 
Sasami, Tenchi?" she asked.

	"Sure." He said.  He got up and lift the little princess into his arms 
without disturbing her or the little Cabbit sleeping on her chest.

	"I'll get the towels." Ryoko said as he walked off with his burden towards 
the crew quarters.  "I'll help." Minagi offered.

	Mihoshi yawned and picked up the empty bottle and cups.  "I'll put these 
away in the galley." She said.

	Washu walked over to them and helped get the last of the blankets.  "This 
was such a wonderful day, I hope our days are like this all the time." She 
said.

	"Hey, why couldn't they be, I mean we've all got Tenchi's heart, and its 
not like we're broke or anything." Said Ryoko.  Washu shook her head and 
replied, "No, its just I hope we can go on like this for a long time."

	"Your worried that Tenchi will grow old while we all stay young?" Aeka 
Asked.

	"I guess I am." Said Washu.  Aeka her hand up to her chin and seemed to 
think for a moment, and then she said excitedly, "If we go to live on Jurai 
the Power of Jurai there will extend Tenchi's life from only a few decades 
to thousands of years."

	Ryoko gave her a look.  She remembered the comment she made to Tenchi about 
not letting Aeka talk him into moving them all off to Jurai, but now that 
she realized this she started to wonder if it wouldn't be so bad.

	"Lets talk to him about it, after he and Mihoshi get back from their 
picnic." Ryoko said with a smile on her face.

	The next morning everyone got up in time to see Sasami hand off a fresh 
basket of goodies to Tenchi and Mihoshi.  They waved goodbye to them and 
then closed the door since the garden for the time being was going to be off 
limits.  Tenchi took Mihoshi on a tour of the vast interior of the great 
ship.  She was in awe at the size of it, and the beauty of the small forest 
ecosystem inside of it.  She had seen a small part of it when they were at 
the lake swimming the day before, but now she was getting a better look at 
the place and it was incredible.  Before long they arrived at the picnic 
spot with the unbelievable view of the stars passing over the lake.

	"This is one awesome sight." Said Mihoshi in awe.

	"Your one awesome sight too." Tenchi told her, and she blushed furiously.  
"Your one heck of a flatterer." She replied.

	Tenchi laid down the blanket and they sat side by side.  It was an awkward 
moment for a few minutes, but Tenchi decided to make the first move.  "I 
always thought you were so beautiful." He said.  Mihoshi smiled at him and 
blushed again.  "I always admired you, Tenchi." She told him.

	"So what are you going to do now after your vacation time is over?" he 
asked her.

	Mihoshi seemed to take a few seconds to think about her answer and then she 
said, "I think I'll resign from the Galaxy Police."  Tenchi looked at her in 
shock.  "Your going to quit." He said.

	"I want to stay with you." She said.  "After what happened to Kiyone I 
don't think I want to continue in the GP anymore."  Tenchi inched over to 
her and put his arm around her shoulder.  "You don't have to quit on my 
account, and I know Kiyone wouldn't want the same thing either." He told 
her.

	"I'd be out on missions months at a time and we'd rarely see one another." 
Said Mihoshi.  Tenchi turned his face towards his.  He caressed her cheek 
softly and she closed her eyes and enjoyed the softness of his touch.  "I 
won't try to persuade you in any direction, this is totally up to you." He 
said.  "But I love you and I'll support anything you decide to do."

	"Oh Tenchi." She said leaning into him and kissing him with all the love 
and passion in her heart.  Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and pulled her 
closer to him and deepened the kiss.  When their lips parted Tenchi could 
see something in Mihoshi's eyes.  She's hiding something from me, he said to 
himself.

	"Mihoshi, what happened to you?" he asked her.

	"What do you mean?" she asked.

	Tenchi sighed and the expression on her face told him it was a subject she 
did not want to get into, but somehow he knew she had to talk about it.  
"Please don't keep anything from me, and if something is bothering you don't 
hold it in." He told her.
	Mihoshi moved away from him and looked away.  What would he say if I told 
him what happened to me, would he reject me, she thought.  No, you know 
Tenchi and you know he would never reject you for that, she replied to 
herself.

	"I'm afraid if I told you you'd reject me." She told him.  He was at her 
side quick and grabbed her by the shoulders.  "Don't you ever say that, I'd 
never reject you no matter what." He said.  She threw her arms around him 
and started to cry.  He held her for several minutes and patted her back 
softly letting her get it out of her system.  When she was done he wiped the 
tears from her eyes and said, "Please tell me."

	"I'm not a virgin." She told him.  Tenchi gave her a strange look.  "That 
is what your worried about?" he asked.

	"No, I have had sex with lots of men before, but its how I lost my 
virginity in the first place." She said.  Tenchi looked at her and slow ran 
his fingers through her golden hair.  "I lost my virginity to a gang of 
space pirates that raped and beat me for five days." She said almost 
breaking out into tears again.  Tenchi grabbed her and pulled her into his 
arms and squeezed her tight.  "Oh my God, I wouldn't reject you for that." 
He told her.  "You've been keeping all this hurt in you for so long no 
wonder it effected you so badly."

	"What was I like before what happened to me and Kiyone?" she asked.

	Tenchi pulled back and looked her in the eyes.  "I only want to be honest 
with you, and I don't want to hurt you." He said.  "But, you acted like the 
classic air headed blonde bimbo. Stereotype."  She looked at him strangely 
and then started to laugh.  "Golly, I do look the part don't I." She laughed 
with tears falling down her face.  This time they were not tears of sadness 
but of joy.  The joy of being free of her emotional burden and that the man 
she loved understood what she was going through.

	He lifted her face to his and said in a soft voice, "You are one of the 
most beautiful women I have ever had the pleasure of knowing, and falling in 
love with."

	"I love you." Was her only reply before she leaped at him, pushed him to 
the ground, and start kissing him madly all over his face and neck.  Tenchi 
let his hands rover over her body and the feel of her exotic curves aroused 
him even more than he was already.
	Before long the two pulled off each other's clothing and Mihoshi was on top 
of him kissing him softly on his chest.  Tenchi admired her lovely features 
and his hands worked their magic over her body.  She came up to his face and 
whispered into his ear.  "I want to give you something, Tenchi." She 
whispered seductively.
	Slowly her lips kissed their way down his neck to his shoulders and then 
down his chest.  When she got close to his waist Tenchi knew exactly what 
was coming next.  He was not sure how much time went by, he couldn't really 
tell, he couldn't really talk and barely couldn't think either.  The 
feelings of immense pleasure from what Mihoshi was doing to him consumed 
everything in his mind and all he knew was erotic bliss.  Soon, he felt the 
pressure build inside him and he tried to maintain control for as long as he 
could, but the sensations coursing through him made concentrating on 
anything nearly impossible.  It hit him all at once without warning and he 
groaned louder than he had ever before.
	He felt spent and was covered with sweat.  He opened his eyes and found 
Mihoshi's beautiful blues looking back at him.  "Did you like that?" she 
asked.

	"Where did you learn to do that?" he asked in awe.

	"When you travel as much as I have you tend to pick up a few things here 
and there." She told him.

	"Really." Replied Tenchi.

	She started to kiss him on his neck again and asked, "Are you too worn out 
to continue?"  As if to answer her question he rolled her over and took the 
position on top.  Mihoshi held on as tight as she could, wrapping her arms 
and legs around Tenchi's body.  She couldn't hold back because it felt so 
good and she moaned out loud with each of Tenchi's movements.

	"Oh, God, Tenchi yes!" she shouted.

	They had no sense of the world around them, only each other and the 
delicious sensations coursing through their bodies.  Before long Mihoshi had 
her first orgasm, she screamed and dug in her nails, but Tenchi couldn't 
feel anything other than pure pleasure.  After her fourth or fifth orgasm 
Tenchi collapsed, unable to go on and the feeling of sleep started to creep 
over them.  They slept in each others arms until Tenchi woke up and noticed 
on his watch that they had slept half the entire morning.

	"Mihoshi, wake up." He said to her while gently shaking her.

	"Huh?" she said looking up at him.  "Oh, did we fall asleep?"  He smiled at 
her and kissed her softly.  "For about two and half hours." He replied.

	While they were still undressed they decided to go for a swim together.  
They made sure they had Washu's bracelets on first, and hand in hand they 
swam down to the bottom of the lake.  Exotic alien fish from Jurai swam 
around them and the aquatic plants at the bottom swayed as they passed by.

	"This is so otherworldly." Said Tenchi.

	"Yea, but its really cool." Added Mihoshi.

	After spending a few hours in the depths of the lake they returned to the 
surface, dried off, and Mihoshi started setting out the lunch Sasami made 
for them.  Mihoshi had outdone herself this time.  She made another Western 
lunch classic with tuna salad sandwiches.  She had also included the usual 
rice cakes with different fruit preserve spreads, and several assorted 
chocolate candies which Tenchi knew were for Mihoshi since that was her 
favorite.
	After lunch they spent the rest of the day wandering around the vast 
interior of the garden.  They stopped along the way to sit on a boulder and 
make out, and then eventually went back to wandering around again.  Mihoshi 
told Tenchi stories about her life as an officer in the GP, she told him 
about the adventures she had, the dangers, the times she almost lost her 
life, and the funny moments.  But, mostly they talked about their memories 
of Kiyone, a few times they cried in each others arms, and they even made a 
toast of sake in her honor back at the picnic site.

	"I'll never forget her." Said Mihoshi.

	"I wish I had the chance to tell her I love her." Said Tenchi.  Mihoshi 
looked over at him with a smile and then looked out at the stars.  
"Something tells me she knows, where ever she is, I think she knows and she 
loves you too." She said.  The lights in the garden started to dim as the 
night time cycle started.  Tenchi checked his watch and found it was nearing 
nine o'clock.  "Its getting late, we'd better get back or Sasami will be mad 
at us for being late for dinner." He said.  They cleaned up the picnic site 
and walked back to the crew quarters side by side with their arms around 
each other.
	The others were waiting at the entrance for them to return.  The girls 
immediately pulled Mihoshi to the side and Tenchi heard Ryoko say before he 
went into the galley with the basket, "Ok Mihoshi, kiss and tell time."
	Minagi walked into the galley as Tenchi was putting the garbage into the 
recycler and the dirty dishes into the sink.  "The Tenchi I know would have 
never done anything like this." She said.  Tenchi looked up at her and 
asked, "Why not?"

	Minagi giggled, "He's married to Ryoko and he still gets nose bleeds when 
he sees her naked in the onsen."  Tenchi chuckled a little at that.

	"Do you have anybody on the other side?" he asked her.

	Minagi seemed to look very distant when he asked that, she stared off into 
space for a moment and then said, "His name is Trunks, he's half human and 
half Saiyan."

	"What is a Saiyan?" Tenchi asked.

	Minagi started washing the dirty dishes Tenchi put in the sink.  "A super 
powered warrior race." She said.  "His father's name is Veegeta, a real blow 
hard.  He originally came to Earth to destroy it, but eventually ended up 
calling it his home and fighting for its survival.  A nasty android called 
Cell came to Earth, but a friend of Trunks named Gohan and Tenchi did away 
with him really quick.  It was the start of the Goddess Wars."

	"Your universe sounds pretty exciting." Said Tenchi.  Minagi shrugged her 
shoulders.  "When you've seen one super power villain you've seen them all, 
but there are exceptions."

	"That green man you said that's following you." Tenchi said.

	Minagi nodded her head and looked down at her hands.  "I can't let him get 
his hands on that amulet, if he does I'm afraid terrible things could 
happen." She said.  Tenchi put his hand on her shoulder and turned her 
around.  "As long as your with us your safe." He told her.  She gave him a 
half-hearted smile.  "Thanks." She replied.

	"AAAAAAHHHHHHH!" came a cheerful scream from outside.

	"They love you to death." Minagi told him.  "How did you come to fall in 
love with all of them?"  Tenchi scratched the back of his head in his usual 
manner and chuckled a little.  He looked a little embarrassed by the 
question, but he eventually looked at her with a serious face and said, 
"When they were gone that was when I realized how much they made my life 
whole."

	"Your one lucky guy, Tenchi, don't let anyone tell you otherwise." Replied 
Minagi.  "And, I wish you all good luck in the future."

	He smiled at her.  "Thank you, and I hope you can get back home to your 
family and your boyfriend." He said.

	Far out in space a lone ship hurtled through hyperspace.  The ship looked 
like a giant mass of sharp crystalline spines with a large red dome.  The 
pilot of the ship was very pleased with herself.  Nagi did not like to deal 
with the Galaxy Police much, and the feeling was pretty much mutual.  There 
were a few members of the GP's higher echelon who would do anything for a 
few extra Jurai in their pockets.  On a holographic screen a video played 
showing Minagi at the main desk of the hospital.  A few minutes later the 
segment of Tenchi and others played out.  The scene changed again to the one 
showing a Juraian starship in dock at the GP station, and clearly in the 
video was the lithe form of a woman floating through the vacuum of space 
over the surface of the ship.  She looked around and slowly began to phase 
through the hull.

	"I've found you, now you won't get away from me." Nagi said out loud to 
herself.  On another screen was a sensor display.  The course heading of the 
Juraian ship had been erased from the GP computers, but that did not stop 
her from following the ion trail the ship left behind.

	"Yaow, yaow, yaow." meowed Ken-Ohki.

	Nagi laughed.  "I think their headed for Hotari, or at least that is where 
their current heading is taking them." She said.  "We could catch them now, 
but I don't want Ryoko interfering."

	"Yaow!" Ken-Ohki meowed loudly.  Nagi brushed back her hair with her hand 
and snorted derisively.  "Don't worry, I won't hurt Ryo-Ohki unless Ryoko 
gets her to start shooting at us."

	"Yaow, yaow yaow." He meowed.

	"No, you let me worry about that." She replied.  "I don't know who that 
green weird was following us but if he's after her too he'd better stay the 
hell out of my way."

	Back on the station Nagi had noticed a strange looking man with green skin 
and pointed ears wandering around.  He had cruel eyes and when he made eye 
contact with her it made her skin crawl.  Nobody had ever done that to her 
before, she feared nothing, but that man somehow gave her the awful creeps.  
She found out by asking questions that he was trying to find Minagi, and was 
speaking of her by name.  She did not remember seeing him at the meeting 
Hotzel arranged though.  She shook it off and concentrated on the task of 
following the ion trail of the ship so she could get her bounty and be done 
with it.

	Elsewhere in another part of the galaxy Hotzel walked down a dark corridor 
towards a pair of large metal doors.  The flickering light of a bright open 
flame shown around the edges of the door seams.  He trembled a little as he 
opened the doors and walked into the room.  Being here always frightened 
him, it was decorated with all sorts of hideous gothic statues and wall 
murals.  A large high back chair stood facing a huge stone fireplace.  The 
chair looked at if it were made of bones from some massive creature.  Hotzel 
walked up to the chair and turned towards the one sitting in it.  The 
creature sitting there was a sight that would frighten the worst monster in 
the galaxy.  The creature had red skin, his legs were like that of a beast 
and his feet were cloven hooves like a horse.  He has large ears like a 
beast of burden and a pair of massive black horns on the top of his head.  
His chin extended out sharply, his eyes glowed green as did his long 
claw-like finger nails.

	"I bring some news, sire." Hotzel said to the creature.

	"Speak." The thing said in a deep menacing voice.

	"There is someone else looking for Minagi." He said.

	The creature sat up and looked at Hotzel.  The thing's stare filled Hotzel 
with terror, but he dared not show it.  "Who is it?" it asked.

	"I have heard his name is Gannondorf, but I do not know where he is from or 
why he is after her." Hotzel said.  The creature slammed his fist on the arm 
of his bone chair.  "I must have the amulet!" it shouted.  "It is the only 
way I can return to my world to wreak my vengeance."

	Hotzel stepped back one step and said, "Perhaps relying on the bounty 
hunters is not enough, Dark Lord."

	The Dark Lord looked at Hotzel and smiled a wide fang mouth grin.  "Maybe 
your right, maybe its time to use more effective methods." He said.  The 
Dark Lord picked up a large glass from a table next to his chair and 
finished off it contents.  He threw the glass in to the fireplace and called 
out, "Blix!"

	A loathsome looking little creature came out of the shadows and stood 
before the Dark Lord.  Good God, what have I made a deal with, Hotzel asked 
himself as he looked at the creature.  "You failed me once when that BOY 
banished me to this place, but I am going to give you a chance to redeem 
yourself." The Dark Lord said.

	Blix kneeled down before him and said in a high pitched voice that sounded 
other worldly, "Thank you master, I will not fail you this time."

	"I will have my revenge on that Jack and his friend Gump of the Forest 
Folk, and I will especially savor vengeance on that wench Lily." The Dark 
Lord said.  "Then I'll slay those unicorns and darkness will once again rein 
supreme."

	Blix swooned and bowed low to his master.  "Glorious, master." He said.

	"Hotzel, you will provide my minions with one of those ships that sail 
through the stars." The Dark Lord said pointing a long clawed finger at his 
face.

	"Its as good as done, sire." Hotzel said trying very hard not to piss on 
himself.

	 "Do not disappoint me Blix." The Dark Lord said.  The creature bowed and 
it and Hotzel left the room.

TO BE CONTINUED!!!

Stay Tune for Episode 4: No Need for A Beach Party

Tenchi and the girls make it to Hotari and its a beautiful place filled with 
lush jungles, sparking beaches, and many hidden romantic places.  But add to 
that a little bit of Nagi, a little bit of Gannondorf, and a few goblins and 
you go trouble in paradise.


