Disclaimer: All characters and units related to the Tenchi Series are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer.  The
author owns Sanjou, Zynd, and Vor.  Names, places, persons identical to 
those in the story are purely
coincidental.  This series is essentially based off the first two Tenchi 
series (Muyo! and Universe), but more
from Muyo!  So please don't hassle me for inconsistencies or varying from 
stories.

Now, with the legal stuff out of the way, it's time to tell the story.

				Day at the Beach

	It was a picture perfect day on the planet Drisa IV, the sun was out 
shining in full force, the cloud cover was extremely low, the temperature 
was perfectly fine, and the waves on the beach were just killer.  The entire 
group walked out onto the beach shortly after breakfast, the younger kids 
just aching to get out and play in the sand and water.
	"I believe this will be a good spot, don't you think, Misaki?" Funaho said, 
turning to the light blue-haired Queen beside her and smiling.
	"A wonderful spot, Funaho!  Shall we set up the cover here?"
	"Yes, we shall.  Washu, if you would please." The black haired Queen 
stated, turning to the red haired scientist next to her.  Washu, nodding, 
cracked her knuckles some and wiggled them, just as her dimensional computer 
popped up from nowhere.  Typing away quickly at the keyboard, she quickly 
entered a few bits of data and hit the key to send her creation into 
existence.  A large, white tent-type structure shimmered into existence and 
situated right where Funaho and Misaki wanted.
	"There we go!  It's perfect...I even included those air fans that blow mist 
on you to cool down." Washu said, grinning at her achievement.
	"Thank you, Washu.  You are the best." Misaki said, as herself, Funaho, and 
Yosho set up their chairs and blankets inside within the tent's shade.  The 
others, having stood around and watched, looked about the beach and grinned. 
  It certainly was a nice beach to be at.  Suddenly, Sanjou moved up and 
pushed Washu to the side, pressing a few buttons of his own and somehow 
created a surfboard to pop out of nowhere.  Much to everybody's surprise, 
including Washu's, Sanjou produced a few more with seemingly ease.  
Finishing up, Sanjou turned and eyed the surfboards, deciding on which he 
would use.  Feeling eyes upon on him, he turned and looked at everybody.
	"What?"
	"How'd you do that!?" Washu demanded, pointing to all the surfboards 
upright in the sand.
	"You pick up a few things when you're around you." Sanjou shrugged and 
grinned, walking up to a neon orange board and slipping it under his arm.  
"Now, if you'll excuse me, I got some waves to catch."
	Sanjou, sporting long blue beach shorts, simply walked off towards the 
ocean, unaware and caring as to whom would want to join him.  Mihoshi, 
noticing all the boards, grinned and walked on up to them.
	"Ohhhh, Kiyone! Let's do some surfing!" Mihoshi said, blonde curls falling 
over her face as she whipped around to the blue-green haired woman.
	"We don't know how to surf, Mihoshi."
	"Someone could teach us, I'm sure..." Mihoshi said, bowing her head some in 
thought as she raised her finger to her lips.  Just then, ten surfers popped 
out of nowhere, surrounding Mihoshi and raising their hands.  Mihoshi, 
looking around, just grinned and looked to Kiyone.  "Maybe these guys can 
help us."
	Kiyone, followed by Aeka, Ryoko, Tenchi, Sasami, and Washu, groaned at 
this.  Now where did these surfer 'dudes' come from?  Most likely they 
spotted Mihoshi from afar and just had to come running.  Meanwhile, Zynd had 
walked up to a blue board and pushed it down onto the beach sand, hopping 
upon it.
	"Alright, you want to learn to surf?  Grab a board and push it down on the 
beach first.  It'll be much easier to do this landlocked before jumping into 
the ocean."
	"Oh!!! Even Zynd knows how to surf!" Mihoshi said as the ten guys seemed to 
be dejected and suddenly disappeared from view, although Mihoshi didn't seem 
to notice, having pushed a yellow and white board onto the ground.  Tenchi, 
deciding what the hell, walked up to a multi-colored board and pushed it to 
the ground also.  Even Washu decided to give it a try, typing a few data 
strands into her computer and producing a surfboard with jet rockets 
boosters along the bottom.  Walking up to it, she pushed it over and it 
began to hover.
	"Well, you guys have fun, I'm just going to lay out for awhile." Ryoko 
said, walking off in the short distance to lay out her blanket and lay down 
upon it.  Aeka followed after, then Kiyone, though she really did want to 
try her hand at surfing, but she decided against it at the last, because she 
knew Mihoshi would end up running into her alot of the time.  Both Princess 
and Police Officer went to each side of the demon and laid out their own 
towels, slipping down onto them to lay out.
	"Alright, now to start, you have to learn to paddle to stand." Zynd said, 
moving to lay down on his stomach, as Tenchi, Mihoshi, and Washu followed.  
Zynd began to explain the fundamentals of surfing, explaining how to stand 
up at the right time, how to bend the knees correctly, and how to control 
the surfboard in the water.  It seemed like a good fifteen minutes before he 
ended his lesson, finding it odd that Mihoshi actually followed the 
instructions clearly and didn't ask a question.
	"Okay, let's go surf!" Zynd said, hopping off the beach stranded surf board 
and picking it up to under his arm.  The rest did the same, walking on off 
to the beach, nervous and excited about the prospect of surfing.  Sanjou, 
having been surfing the entire time, was seen in the short distance 
thrashing waves and occasionally jumping a few rookies in the process.  The 
rest just stared in awe and became really nervous, how they wanted to be 
that good!  Zynd, noticing their hesitations, turned and looked at their 
faces.
	"You got to remember, he's been surfing for a few thousands years..." Zynd 
said, returning back to entering the ocean and starting to paddle out to 
sea.  The rest nodded and chuckled some, though it did little to ease their 
nervousness.

	"Nobiyuki, where are you going?" Yosho said, watching as his son-in-law 
tried to sneak out the back of the tent, as to avoid detection.
	"Uhh, nowhere, Dad.  Just wanted to see the sights and all." Nobiyuki said, 
grinning wide as Yosho, Funaho, and Misaki turned to face the man.
	"Then why do you have a camera there?" Misaki asked, head tilted at the 
device in his hands.
	"Just, uh, wanted to get a few pictures to remember the trip by...." 
Nobiyuki began, a bit nervous in his tone.  "Yeah, that's it." he added, 
nodding his head matter-of-factly.
	Yosho smirked and nodded his head, turning back to the scene before him, 
Funaho and Misaki doing the same, their curiousity satisfied.  However, 
Yosho knew why his son was going out with the camera.  As Nobiyuki 
disappeared out of sight, Funaho leaned over to her older looking son and 
whispered.  "Why is he really going out with the camera?"
	"To satisfy his perverted needs." Yosho remarked, turning to Funaho and 
grinning some.  "And don't ask me how."
	Funaho, blinking at this answer, trailed her eyes off towards the direction 
Nobiyuki was last seen heading and shook her head.  "He is one very odd 
boy."
	Yosho just smirked and nodded his head, agreeing with his mother's 
sentiment.

	"Oh this is such a lovely day, is it not, ladies?" Aeka said as she rubbed 
sun tan oil along her pale, white, smooth skin.
	"For once, Princess, I agree." Ryoko said, turning her head to the purple 
haired princess and nodding.
	"It's beautiful weather..." Kiyone said, adjusting the sunglasses along her 
nose and sighing a deep, relaxing sigh.
	"Kiyone, you sound as if you're enjoying yourself..." Ryoko smirked, 
turning her head to look at the woman beside her.
	"I do believe she is, Miss Ryoko...perhaps it has something to do with 
having time to herself..." Aeka said, believing what Kiyone needed was to 
relax without the presence of Mihoshi bothering her.
	"Yeah, isn't it great?" Kiyone said, smiling wide as the other giggled in 
agreement.  "Finally, nothing to screw up my good mood."
	"Yeah, I'm glad I don't have to put up with her all the time..." Ryoko 
remarked, turning her head to the straight up position so the sun could hit 
her full on.
	"Don't remind me..." Kiyone groaned, shaking her head and settling down, 
just as Aeka laid down upon her blanket.
	"Well, in her defense, she does have her moments..." Aeka said, remembering 
a few times where she's surprised them all.
	"Yeah, I remember those 'moments' as well..." Ryoko said, still astonished 
as to the mere fact Mihoshi could be sensible every now and then.
	"Too bad those moments don't come more often." Kiyone smirked, as the other 
two giggled and settled down to let the sun bathe them over.

	Tenchi, feeling the next wave, began to paddle fast as he was instructed to 
earlier by Zynd, once he felt his body and board begin to rise with the 
wave, Tenchi jumped to his feet, bending his knees and riding the wave along 
while he tried to control the board to glide along the wave.  He grinned as 
he was actually surfing! His sword practice for keeping his balance was 
helping greatly with the surfing and he noticed he could control the board 
with surprising ease.  He raced up and down the wave, using his training to 
guide the board like a semi-pro.  He was doing extremely well until another 
board suddenly raced by him and bumped his board, causing Tenchi to lose 
control and fall off into the water.
	"My bad dude!" Some voice laughed  as Tenchi popped his head out of the 
water and blinked his eyes to see whom it was.  Just then, that same voice 
yelled out as Tenchi noticed a body plunge headlong into the water as well.
	"Oops! Sorry, didn't see you there..." came a familiar giggle as Mihoshi 
ended her wave ride at the beach, gliding it up to the sand and hopping off 
to turn and grin at the guy who knocked Tenchi off.  Tenchi laughed and 
shook his head, the other guy grumbling and shaking his fist at Mihoshi.  
Tenchi looked around for his board and found it, swimming off to recover it 
and lay upon it to surf once more.
	"Woooo hooooooo!  Out of the way people!" yelled an excited voice as a 
surfboard came zooming through the water, causing most of the shoreline (and 
surfers in the water) to turn their heads in alarm.  Washu, sitting cross 
legged upon her board and holding something that resembled a remote control, 
was cackling madly as she surfed the waves with ease.
	"Why, this is easier than I first thought." Washu smirked, jet-propelled 
surf board rocketing through that water and knocking other surfers off their 
boards and out of the way.
	"Uh, maybe someone should tell Washu that's not how you really surf..." 
Zynd said, having swum up beside Tenchi while Washu's antics were being 
displayed.
	"We could, but it'd just go in one ear and out the other..." Tenchi said, 
shaking his head as Washu narrowly missed another surfer and continued 
cruising on into the distance.  "It's best to let her have her fun..."
	Zynd laughed and paddled his board towards the shore, figuring that the 
day's surfing was probably over, especially if Washu was going to be on her 
board the entire day.  Slipping back onto his board, Tenchi headed back 
towards shore also.  For him, surfing was definitely done for now.  He'd 
rather not have to look over his shoulder for a flaming-red haired surfer 
barreling down on him and throwing him from his board.  Upon reaching the 
shore, they were joined by Mihoshi and the three of them walked back towards 
the tent together, idly chatting about their surfing experiences.
	"I didn't find it that hard at all..." Mihoshi stated, tossing her 
surfboard to the ground as they reached the tent area.  "How about you 
guys?"
	"I didn't find it that hard, either..." Tenchi said, dropping his 
surfboard, also.
	"Eh, I've been surfing for quite awhile, so it's the same for me." Zynd 
smiled, tossing his down as well just as Sasami and Ryo-Ohki made their way 
up to the three.
	"Hi you guys!  Did you have fun surfing?  (meow! meow!)" Sasami greeted, 
smiling to the three cheerily and looking towards the ocean.
	"It was fun, Sasami, you should try it sometime..." Tenchi responded, 
returning the smile to the young princess.
	"I don't know, Tenchi...it looks dangerous..." The princess spoke, a finger 
rising to her mouth in doubt and question as she looked towards the ocean 
once more.
	"Don't worry, Sasami..." Zynd started, offering a smile.  "I'll help you."
	"Yeah, Sasami, Zynd is a very good surfer." Tenchi echoed as Mihoshi nodded 
her head.
	"He is, Sasami."
	Sasami nodded her head excitedly, light blue pig-tails bouncing everywhere. 
  "Alright! I'll go later!"
	"Great, Sasami!" Tenchi said excitedly, then clapsed his hand over his 
stomach as he heard it grumble.  "But first, let's get some lunch.  All this 
surfing has tired me out."
	"That's the best idea I've heard so far, Tenchi." Yosho said, looking on 
from under the tent with the Queens.  "Why don't you get everyone's orders 
and grab the food yourself?"
	Tenchi blinked and looked to his grandfather.  "Everybody's?"
	Yosho nodded and grinned.  "Yes, everybody's.  I've already got a list 
started."
	Sighing, Tenchi nodded and went forward to grab the list.  Looking it over 
a bit, he blinked in surprise.  "Just where am I supposed to get all this 
food!?"
	"I know where, Tenchi!" Sasami stated, having peered at the list with him.  
Tenchi looked over to the small Princess and looked at her curiously.  "I'll 
help!"
	Tenchi smiled, then looked back to Zynd and Mihoshi.  "How about you guys?"
	Mihoshi nodded her head quickly while Zynd pondered it over a few seconds 
and shrugged.  "Sure, I'm game."
	"Alright then...let's go." came the response from Tenchi as he turned on 
his heel, heading to where ever Sasami would lead him while Mihoshi and Zynd 
followed after them.

	"Man, I'm hungry, where are they?" Ryoko stated, feeling her tummy rumble 
as she laid upon it, the sun bathing her back with its rays.
	"I do not know, Ryoko." Aeka responded, laying upon her stomach next to the 
demoness.
	"Well, they better get back here...I'm starving."
	"I'm sure they're on their way." Kiyone stated, raising her head to look 
around the scene some, before noticing the four with bags of food in their 
arms.  "You see?"
	Ryoko and Aeka looked up and followed Kiyone's gaze towards the group of 
Mihoshi, Sasami, Tenchi, and Zynd with Ryo-Ohki plopped upon his head.  Each 
felt their mouths wet some at the anticipation of the food, knowing it was 
to come soon.  Pushing themselves up off their blankets, the three girls 
gathered their blankets (not to mention dislodge any wedge they may have 
had) and things and headed back towards the tent.
	"Oh boy, oh boy!  Food!" Ryoko grinned, heading into the shade and 
spreading her blanket along the ground before settling down.  Aeka took her 
place beside her mother, while Kiyone settled in the corner just as the four 
bearers of food entered the tent with the bags.
	"Lunch is here!" Tenchi announced, offering a grin as he and the rest 
placed their bags down in the center of the tent area.
	"About time!" Ryoko said, making the first move to the bags, only to be 
stopped with a smack on the head with a fan by the Queen Misaki.  Blinking, 
Ryoko whipped around to see Misaki and grinned wide, slinking back to her 
seat, before brooding and grumbling.
	"Alright...now who are we missing?" Misaki announced, looking around the 
tent area as people began to take their places.
	"I don't see Washu or Sanjou..." Yosho said, the others looking and 
counting their numbers.  Just then, the two popped in, hands on their 
rumbling stomachs.  "Well, speak of the devils..."
	"Huh?" The two said, looking to Yosho, then to each other.  Not having a 
clue as to what was spoken, the two shrugged and meandered over to any 
available spot to sit.  Washu sat beside Queen Funaho and Yosho, while 
Sanjou found himself between Ryoko and Kiyone.
	"There we go..." Misaki began, smiling and digging through the bags to 
distribute the food so lunch could begin.  Calling out the dishes, Misaki 
began to hand out the food, allowing everyone to claim their respected 
lunch.  It didn't take long, Misaki's skills of handling the situation and 
passing out food keeping everyone to merely listen for their food name kept 
the arguments and fights to a rare none.  Once all the food had been passed 
out, everyone dug into their food and began chatting.
	"I don't care Washu, you still weren't surfing..." Sanjou stated, raising 
his chopsticks and pointing them accusingly at the flame-red haried 
scientist.
	"Where does it say in the rules that I can't use a remote controlled, 
jet-propelled surfboard!?" Washu retorted, defending herself.
	"It's the principle of it all!" Sanjou responded, shaking his head as he 
dug in his food for more.
	"You're just mad because I knocked you off your board a few times..."
	"What!?" Sanjou blinked, face turning red.  "Well can you blame me?  I 
didn't want to be a hood ornament!"
	"Oh, but you would've been so cuuuuute there..." Washu snickered, slipping 
some noodle into her mouth and slurping it up.  Sanjou just growled and 
returned to his food, refusing to become a part of Washu's demented games.
	"Ryoko! Stop it!" Tenchi yelled, trying wriggle free of the demon's grip.
	"Miss Ryoko! Leave Lord Tenchi alone!" Aeka demanded, food placed upon the 
ground and fists clenching into tight balls.
	"Awww, Tenchi, come on...just one little kiss..." pursing her lips and make 
smooch sounds towards the boy.
	"No! Leave me alone!"
	"Miss Ryoko! Stop it!"
	"Or what, Princess?"
	"Uh, guys, c'mon?  please stop it?" Mihoshi interjected herself as the two 
young females began to glare at each other--electricity seeming to form 
inbetween their brows.
	"Please?" Mihoshi pleaded again.  Nothing.  Just growling inbetween the two 
females as the veins in their heads began to pulsate and come to life.
	"Aeka! Ryoko!" Misaki suddenly said, giving the two an icy glare that would 
make them back down.  Cringing, the two girls looked to Misaki and gulped, 
backing down and returning to their lunches.  Misaki smirked, nodding her 
head matter of factly and returning to her own lunch.
	"Well, you know what I saw of some interest today?" Yosho stated, once the 
melee had quieted down.  All eyes were suddenly on him, as everyone can the 
elder man a quizzical look.
	"What's that, Father?" Nobiyuki said, adjusting his glasses while tilting 
his head towards his step-father.
	"There's supposed to be some sort of contest on the beach this 
afternoon..."
	"Oh really?  Is that so...what type of contest?" Nobiyuki responded, 
crossing his fingers that it was one of the 'swimsuit' kind.
	"Well, it was a swimsuit contest." Yosho said, adjusting his own glasses 
and looking to everyone else.  "And there's quite a hefty reward for---hey, 
where are you going Sanjou?" The old man looked to the warrior Vor, who had 
suddenly risen to his feet and exited the tent, a slight bit of annoyance 
upon his face.  Everyone looked at each other with questionable looks and 
then towards the tent door as after a few moments silence, there was a loud 
noise and some arguing going on.
	"The fans will love this!  Why don't you want me to have a swimsuit 
contest!?" a voice said, in protest of whatever action Sanjou was taking 
against the person.
	"They've already been through one of these before!  and you call yourself a 
writer..." Sanjou spat back, high irritation in his voice.
	"I am a writer! Don't blame me for recycling good ideas!"
	"Just change it---and now."
	An audible sigh and a scowling agreement from the other voice.  Another few 
moments of silence and Sanjou suddenly opened the tent flap, re-entering the 
tent and sitting back down in his spot, looking like nothing out of the 
ordinary happened.
	"Alright, now where were we?" The Vor spoke, giving a slight smile to the 
confused crowd around him.
	"I think I said something about a contest..." Yosho began, scratching at 
his head to try and remember.  The others nodded their confusion as well, 
all except for Nobiyuki, who insisted it was a swimsuit competition.  But 
nobody really listened to him, figuring he just wanted to take perverted 
snapshots of the whole thing.
	"Oh yeah, I remember now...it wasn't a contest, there's some sort of party 
being held tonight..." Yosho said, thanks to the new direction the writer 
had taken.  Everyone looked to Yosho in surprise.  A party?  On the beach?  
Ryoko suddenly got excited, grinning madly at the idea of attending this 
party, Tenchi in tow.  Perhaps, then, she could get the princess out of the 
picture.
	"What kind of party is it?" Ryoko stated, trying to act like she didn't 
care.  However, Aeka had caught on to her little game.  She just wanted to 
try and steal Tenchi away.  Well, it wasn't going to work, if Ryoko was 
going, so was Aeka.  Everyone else seemed excited by the prospect of a 
party, with all the action and stress they'd been through recently, they 
deserved to have a high night on the beach.  So, it was kind decided right 
there with Yosho's words.
	"I believe it's just a regular party.  Perhaps we could all use the 
entertainment and relaxation."
	Everyone smiled and nodded their heads, agreeing with the sentiment of the 
man's words.  Yes, they would go to that party tonight.  Perhaps it would be 
a night they'd never forget.
	"Anyhow, I'm going back out to surf now..." Sanjou said, standing once more 
and stretching his limbs as the others began to finish up their own lunches 
and move to their feet.  It would be quite awhile till this party and most 
didn't want to go back to the resort.  Besides, a few of them wanted to go 
shopping before even thinking about appearing at this party.
	"Well, I'm going shopping then.  Can't show up at the party in drabs, now 
can I?" Ryoko said, floating to her feet and stretching as well.
	"Then some of us will come with you..." Aeka said, dusting off the sand 
from her legs as she looked to Ryoko.  Ryoko growled some, preferring not to 
shop with the princess.  She wanted to shop alone so she could pick out an 
outfit that would win over Tenchi's heart.
	"Why, Princess!?  I want to shop alone!" Ryoko snapped.
	"Well, some of us would like to see what the locals have." Interjected 
Misaki, shooting the demoness a glare that would make her think otherwise of 
speaking up.  Ryoko blinked and looked to the Queen, gulping and nodding her 
head while offering a kind smile.  But once the Queen turned her back, Ryoko 
stuck her toungue out and frumped.  Even Aeka seemed displeased by this turn 
of events.  It was good to keep an eye on the competition, but with her 
mother coming, she couldn't exactly buy an outfit that might win her Tenchi.
	"Who else will come with us?" Aeka said, glancing around to the others as 
they seemed to rise from their lunch and decide on what route they were 
going to take.  Shopping or the beach?  For some, it was a no-brainer.
	"I'll do some shopping!" Mihoshi said, grinning and nodding to Aeka.  "How 
about you Kiyone?"
	Kiyone blinked, glaring at her partner.  Oh no.  She wasn't about to be 
dragged along for some silly shopping expedition when she could relax 
herself on the beach.  Especially if Mihoshi was going to go.  Kiyone shook 
her head and decided.  She was going to stay put on the beach...and perhaps 
get a surfing lesson or two.
	"No, I think I'll just hang around the beach for awhile..."
	"Are you sure, Kiyone?  I mean, it would be fun to go shopping for clothes 
for the party tonight..." Mihoshi said, walking up to her partner and almost 
pleading.
	"I've got some clothes already, Mihoshi.  I don't need any more.  I'll be 
fine.  Go have fun with the others."
	"Okay, Kiyone." Mihoshi nodded and moved off to gather up her things, 
Ryoko, Aeka, Misaki, Funaho, Tenchi, and Sasami doing the same.  Nobiyuki, 
having slipped out of the tent without anyone noticing, went on his daily 
journey for more pictures of scantily clad women.  It's not like anyone 
figured he would do anything else.  Washu moved out of the tent and plopped 
down, computer coming out from nowhere, and she began typing away, oblivious 
to whatever would come her way.  Yosho decided on returning to the resort to 
relax until later, since everyone else had simply made up their minds.  All 
except for Zynd, who was busy playing with Ryo-Ohko to notice what most 
everyone had decided.
	"What's that Ryo-Ohki?" Zynd said in response to the meowing cabbit, who 
idly noticed that everyone had left or was leaving.  Zynd blinked his yellow 
eyes and looked around, finally noticing.
	"Uh-oh.  Where'd everyone go?"
	"Either shopping or the beach." A voice said, causing Zynd to whip around 
and spot Yosho packing up his chair.
	"Oh, you know where my dad went?" Zynd asked, curious eyes peering up to 
the elder looking man.
	"He went out to the beach with Kiyone, I believe.  A most interesting pair, 
to tell you the truth."
	Zynd nodded and looked out towards the beach, not seeing either of them.  
He did spot Washu, however, typing away at her computer, but he decided 
against bothering her.
	"What about Sasami?"
	"Out shopping with the rest." Yosho said, smiling as he exited out the 
tent, Zynd following while Ryo-Ohki was plopped upon his head, purring 
softly at the comfort.
	"Oh, well, where are you going?"
	"Back to the resort to relax...do you wish to come, little one?"
	Zynd looked around and nodded, not really seeing anything else to do.  Just 
then, the tent disappeared, followed by all the surfboards, save two.  
Washuu obviously had done away with them, seeing as how everyone was leaving 
and doing other things.  Jumping to her feet, the red headed scientist 
closed her computer and grinned to the two.
	"Well, since you offered, Yosho..." Washu snickered, ribbing the elder man 
in the ribs with her elbow.  Yosho blinked and smiled to woman.
	"If you wish, Washu."
	"Oh, I do." Washu snickered, walking along with the elder man, cabbit, and 
young boy as they made their way off the beach and back towards the tall 
beach resort across from the beach.

	"Report." came the dark voice of Munashii, shrouded in his ever present 
darkness.  It suited him highly, for he rarely let anyone look upon his 
face.  The curiousity and fear that he could see in each person was more 
than enough to suit his tastes, for why allow your enemies and allies to 
know how you react?  The shroud would always let him be secretive and it 
would always allow him to see the fear in everyone's eyes.  Kamikaze and 
Sasake gently kneeled before the god of darkness, their left arms crossing 
over their chests as their heads uhng low.
	"Everything is going according to plan..." Sasake spoke, her melodic, sweet 
tones cauisng a false front for her darker intentions.  Kamikaze just nodded 
his head, the ever present manical look on his face downcast for now.  "They 
have taken the bait."
	Munashii grinned within his shroud, pleased by the news that was brought to 
him.  Now he would be able to rid himself of those who would no doubt stand 
up to him in the upcoming months.  With them out of the way, he would be 
able to unleash his onslaught upon the universe with little to fear and 
worry about.  The Vor gone, only the Juraiians and Galaxy Police could 
actually form a front to irritate him.  Turning his head, he looked to the 
ever present figure of Kagato, who seemed delighted by the news as well.
	"I told you this plan would work..." Kagato said, smirking as he the credit 
that was due to him.  After all, he was the one who had suggested that they 
plan the beach party to draw their quarry out.  Then, once they were 
pre-occupied with the ongoings, they'd go into the next phase of the plan.
	"Of course, Kagato.  You have yet to fail me..." Munashii said, suddenly 
disappearing with Kamikaze and Sasake, leaving the arrogant Kagato to 
himself.  A mask of pride and superiority suddenly changed to anger and 
revenge.  It was nearing the time when he would strike out and hurt those 
most close to the boy.
	"Yes, Tenchi, you will feel overwhelming pain...and soon."

	"Go away you pesky person..." Aeka said, attempting to shoo Ryoko away from 
a set of clothing she was currently viewing.
	"Hey! I'm allowed to be here, too!" Ryoko said, almost shoving Aeka to the 
floor as she went through the clothing rack, pulling out a dress or two and 
viewing it, before putting it back.  Aeka turned red and stomped her foot, 
eyeing the demoness with an irritating glare.
	"Well, fine then, just don't get in my way..." Aeka threatened, turning 
away from the demoness with a regal 'hmmph!' and went through another rack 
of clothing, trying to see what she'd prefer to the party tonight.
	"Ohhh! I like this dress here, don't you, Sasami?" Mihoshi's voice was 
heard, prompting the Princess and Demoness to cock their heads in the 
direction of the voices.
	"Yeah, Mihoshi!  You'd look good in that one!" Sasami said, while Aeka and 
Ryoko looked to each and blinked.  Within seconds, they took off and rushed 
towards the duo, crashing into each other along the way.
	"Out of the way, princess!" Ryoko growled, sending an errant elbow her way.
	"You beastly woman!" Aeka retorted, dodging the elbow and attempting to 
trip the woman.  Sasami and Mihoshi looked up, having heard them coming.  
Looking to each other, the tall blonde literally clutched the outfit she 
held in her hand to her chest, figuring that's what the two were coming for. 
  True enough, the two bounded around the corner and the first thing their 
eyes went to was the outfit Mihoshi was holding.
	"Mihoshi..." Aeka started, voice moving to a regal tone.  "Would you mind 
if I tried that outfit on?"
	"Ummm, well..." Mihoshi began, only to be interrupted by Ryoko.
	"No! I'm going to try that outfit on!"  The demon growled, lunging for the 
dress as the rest looked on.  Mihoshi took a step back and watched as the 
demon missed and fell to the floor hard.  Aeka laughed as Sasami and Mihoshi 
blinked their wary eyes.
	"That's what you get, monster!" Aeka said, striding forward and holding out 
her hand towards Mihoshi and the outfit.  "Now Mihoshi, may I try it?"
	Ryoko popped up off the ground and growled, narrowing her eyes at the 
Juraiian Crown Princess.  Then a hand of hers reached out and smacked away 
Aeka's out reaching hand.  Aeka blinked and whipped around to Ryoko, eyes 
narrowing as well.
	"Ha! Princess! Mihoshi won't let you try it on!  Right Mihoshi?" Ryoko 
said, eyes never leaving the woman across from him.
	"Well, uh, no, not really..." Mihoshi began once more.
	"What are you talking about it, Ryoko!?  You have no clue as to who she 
wants to try it on first!?  Especially not you with those bulging hips!" 
Aeka snapped back and pointed, much to the anger of Ryoko.
	"Well, at least my chest would be able to fill it out!"
	Aeka gasped, eyes going wide and face turning red at the accusation.  Ryoko 
smirked and grinned viciously, then stuck out her tongue at the princess.  
"How dare you, Miss Ryoko!"
	"I think it's time to get going..." Sasami whispered to Mihoshi, who could 
only nod her head and take a few steps backwards with the younger girl to 
clear the scene as the two other girls continued arguing.  Once the two were 
clear of the apparent melee, they slipped onto a clothing bench and gave a 
sigh, just as Misaki and Funaho came up.
	"Oh, hello there you two..." Funaho said, smiling kindly to the two girls, 
before catching the outfit and looking to Mihoshi.  "Did you find an outfit 
for tonight?"
	Mihoshi nodded and smiled, holding up the outfit for the raven-haried 
Queen.  "Yes, I did.  Doesn't it look great?"
	"Yes, yes, it does, Mihoshi..." Funaho smiled, as Misaki blinked, hearing 
sounds of arguing off in the distance.
	"Ryoko and Aeka?" Misaki said, voice void of enthusiasm.
	"Yes...they were after Mihoshi's outfit..." Sasami said, nodding her head 
slowly.
	"I'll be back..." Misaki said, face suddenly slipping to a less than 
content mood.  "I swear, we can't go anywhere with those two..." the light 
blue haired queen was heard saying before disappearing around the corner.

	"I swear those surfboards were around here somewhere..." Sanjou said, 
looking around the empty beach area where he was sure they had just camped 
at an hour earlier.  "Washu must've made them disappear once again..."
	The blue-green haired woman next to him nodded her head and glanced around 
as well, double checking to make sure none were left over.  "It seems like 
she did...."
	Sanjou shrugged and turned to her, offering a smile.  "Take a walk with me 
then, Kiyone?"  he asked, much to the surprise of police officer.  Turning 
her head to look up to him, she blinked her eyes slowly and nodded her head. 
  Sanjou grinned and gestured towards the heavily populated part of the 
beach, hoping that the woman would agree.  Kiyone looked in the direction 
and smiled, it seemed like a logical way to go.  There was lots of things to 
do, most likely, and it might just be fun.
	The two began to walk, each slipping on a pair of sunglasses to protect 
their eyes from the bright rays of the sun.  They were both still dressed in 
their beach wear, Sanjou in his long blue beach shorts and Kiyone in her 
black bikini, though she wore a towel around her waist, much to the delight 
of passerbys.  More than once did they recieve cat-calls and whistles, as 
guys fawned over Kiyone's well-kept body while girls seemed distracted with 
Sanjou's well built form.
	"You'd think since we were walking together, people wouldn't do this..." 
Sanjou said, adding a bit of chuckle to his voice as he gave a slight nod to 
two young women who seemed to be admirers.  Suddenly, their giggling broke 
out and they began to fan themselves, seemingly turned on by the mere 
gesture.
	"How do you mean?" Kiyone asked, promptly doing her best to ignore the 
amount of attention she was getting from the guys on the beach.  Not that 
she didn't mind it at all, which she didn't, she just couldn't handle it all 
at once.
	"Well, Detective..." Sanjou smirked, a joke on her supposed detective 
skills, "Wouldn't you think we we're dating or married if we were walking 
together?"
	Kiyone blinked and looked up to the warrior beside her.  Dating or married? 
  She felt her face heat up, most likely due to the fact that she was 
embarrased by that mere thought.  Her and Sanjou?  No, that would never 
happen.  She paused in her thinking.  Would it?  Mentally rebuking herself, 
she concentrated on the meaning of the words and chuckled some--though it 
came out all nervous-like.
	"Yeah, that sounds about right...heh heh..."
	Sanjou raised an eyebrow at this, though it was barely seen from behind the 
sunglasses he wore.  Why did she sound a bit nervous about this?  It was 
only a joke, wasn't it?  Then it hit him.  Perhaps she took it 
literally...well, that wouldn't do any good.  She was attractive and all, 
and since that time they accidentally bumped into each other on Earth, he'd 
had this strange feeling that she was affected deeply by it.  Then again, 
why was he thinking about it?
	"Yeah..." he returned, mirroring the nervousness Kiyone had felt.  Now it 
was time for that awkward part as the two just kept to their thoughts as the 
female and male crowd continued to assualt them with their whistles, waves, 
and sayings to them.  They just continued walking, ignoring those around 
them and keeping to their own thoughts about each other.
	"Umm, well, you have the time?" Kiyone said, breaking the silence that had 
gone on for a few minutes.  Having paused in her footsteps, she looked 
towards the shaven headed warrior and smiled, watching as he paused and 
turned towards her, flashing his bare wrists.
	"No clue.  Maybe we should find out..."
	Kiyone nodded and looked around, trying to find anyone who could help them 
out in their meaningless predicament.  Just then, Tenchi came running up, 
seemingly out of breath.  Sanjou and Kiyone blinked at the boy, exchanging 
looks with each other before looking back to the Juraiian Crown Prince.
	"You alright, Tenchi?"  Kiyone asked, a bit of puzzlement on her face as 
Sanjou glanced in the direction Tenchi came from, attempting to make sure he 
wasn't being attacked or followed by someone strange.  Tenchi huffed and 
puffed, holding up a finger to explain that he'd be a minute while he caught 
his breath.  Kiyone and Sanjou nodded, waiting patiently for the boy.
	"Okay..." Tenchi said, inhaling a deep breath and releasing it. "I'm 
okay..."
	"Alright then, Tenchi...what's wrong?" Sanjou asked, eyes still darting 
around from behind the sunglasses, looking for anything unusual.
	"Nothing...I just came to find you guys..." Tenchi said, offering a grin to 
the Vor and the Galaxy Police Officer before adding.  "And to get away from 
Ryoko and Aeka."
	Kiyone and Sanjou blinked, then turned to each other, then back to the boy. 
   They began to laugh and shake their heads at the young boy.  Here all 
this time they'd thought someone was in danger and Tenchi just wanted to get 
away from the two women who had an eye for him.  Tenchi chuckled and 
scratched his head, unsure what the laughing was all about.
	"Well, then, Tenchi...you've found us..." Sanjou said, calming down before 
the giggling Kiyone.
	"Yeah, it's about 3pm and everyone is heading back to the resort to cool 
down and rest before the big party tonight..." Tenchi said, relaying the 
message he recieved from the Queens just awhile ago.  After the fiasco at 
the clothing store with Aeka and Ryoko, Misaki and Funaho thought it would 
be a smart idea to relax and reduce tension before the big shindig.
	"Sounds like a good idea...we weren't in the middle of anything..." Sanjou 
said, turning to Kiyone.  "were we?"
	Kiyone shook her head and smiled at the question to her.  Tenchi nodded his 
head, but had to wonder just what was going on between the two.  He'd caught 
the briefest hint of blushing from the hardened police officer when Sanjou 
spoke to her.  Maybe Kiyone had a thing for the Vor?  No, that couldn't be 
it.  She was too involved with her career to risk having a love interest 
right now.  At least, that's what Tenchi thought, so he essentially shrugged 
it off, thinking it was the sun playing tricks on his mind.
	"Alright then! Let's head back to the hotel then..." Tenchi smiled, turning 
to walk on off towards the resort where they had the numerous rooms.  Sanjou 
and Kiyone would follow soon afterwards, being the last of the extended 
Masaki clan to return to the resort and settle in until the evening and time 
of the big party.  Near from where they stood, two figures stepped out into 
view.  A curvy woman accompanied by a well built man with strange markings 
upon his face.  The two watched the three friends walk off the beach and 
across the street before turning to each other and nodding their approval.  
Turning on their heels, the pair walked off in the opposite direction, 
mischievious and cynical grins adorning their faces like badges.  Soon, it 
would be time.  Very soon.




This concludes the story, 'Day at the Beach' as told by the ChatBastarde.  
Tune in for future installments.

