                       Tenchi in America

 

 

As you know, none of the characters of Tenchi Muyo! Or Tenchi
Forever! Or any other 

parts of Tenchi belong to me, So PLEASE don't sue.

 

 

The story takes place sometime after Tenchi Forever; Haruna is
long forgotten by 

everyone…

 

 
----------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------

 

 

            It was a beautiful morning, as all mornings are. The
air was not hot yet and the sky was 

beautiful.  Rio-ohki meowed on the tree in the front yard as the
peaceful day dawned on rural 

Japan.  Inside Tenchi surprisingly was the first person to get
up and since he had nothing else to 

do went out to get the paper.

 

"Hmm," he sighed. " Soaking wet again huh? Oh well." 

 

He began to go back in the house when he saw a letter…addressed
to him. 

 

 "To me?" said Tenchi.  "From whom?"

 

As he read the front of the envelope, he read over a young
woman's name. Her name was Melanie Andrews, and the Letter was
from Los Angeles! 

 

"Who could know me there?" Confused, he went back inside. "Wait
until they hear about this," Tenchi thought in his mind, walking
inside.

 

 

 

           "What!" Could be heard across the yard. 

"Who knows you way out there? I demand to know! Especially a
woman! Oh Tenchi! Are you cheating on me? Oh I knew it!" Ayeka
said as her expression changed from really angry to really sad.

 

"How can he be cheating on you if he was never with you
airhead!! " yelled Ryoko.

 

 "How dare you call me an airhead you ignorant fool we could be
losing Tenchi forever! Oh Tenchi, Who is it that you know in
that place? You've never even been there before!"

 

 "Would you just shut up and let Tenchi explain what's going
on?" Washu yelled. It quickly got quiet.

 

 "Now," Tenchi began, "I got this letter today and…uh where's
Mihoshi?"

 

 "Oh, probably still sleep as lazy as she is. We worked the late
shift lasted night." Kiyone said to Tenchi.

 

 "I'll go and get her," Ayeka answered. 

 

As she walked in Mihoshi's room, she almost tripped over her
uniform. 

 

"Ugh! This room is a mess. This is definitely no place for a
princess to stay. Oh darn, I can't find the light switch," she
mumbled. 

 

"Ouch!" Ayeka tripped again, but this time, over Mihoshi's
galaxy blaster. A cool blue light flashed right in front of her,
narrowly missing her head.

 

 "Ahh!" she yelled and fell backward. Ayeka was almost in shock
sitting on the floor when Mihoshi turned on her light near her
bed.

 

 "Hey, Ayeka, why ya sitting on the floor?"

 

 "Mi, Mi, Mihoshi, it's breakfast time," Ayeka stuttered trying
to get up.

 

 "Oh goody!" Mihoshi said. "I'm just starving! I haven't eaten
since last night ya know. Ayeka! What are you doing?" 

 

Ayeka, still on the floor, said faintly, "Put that gun away,
it's very dangerous." 

 

"Oh Ayeka! Don't be silly I did put it away see, oh, hmm, uh,
where's that galaxy blaster?" said Mihoshi. 

 

"Uh, hmm, forget it." Said Ayeka as she put her hand on her head
and laid against the door.

 

 

 

 

          "Ok," Tenchi said. "This letter is addressed to me
from some girl Melanie Andrews and I was wondering if any of you
know this person, Dad, do you know?"

 

 Noble Yuki, in his sneaky, up-to-know-good voice, said, "Well,
I don't know, maybe it's one of those other secret girlfriends
from around the world. Hmm, maybe I shouldn't let you go on the
Internet as much as I do. For all I know you could be answering
personal ads for millions of women around the world. Oh my! My
Tenchi! You've grown up so fast right before my very eyes!" he
said as he broke into tears. 

 

"There he goes into his little world again," replied grandfather
Kazuhito. "Look Tenchi, why don't you open it and look at it." 

 

"Hey!" Mihoshi said, "Who's the letter from again?"

 

 "Well," said Tenchi, "someone named Melanie Andrews."

 

 "Oh my goodness! Melanie!" said Mihoshi. "She wrote back!"

 

 "Oh Mihoshi, have you been giving strangers our address?"

 

 "Nooo! Melanie is my cousin. She lives in Los Angeles. Its in
California"

 

 "Way out in California! Where is California anyway?" Sasami
asked.

 

 "Ahem!" Washu interrupted. "California is to the east of Japan.
Los Angeles or L.A. as it is sometimes called is in southwest
California."

 

 "O.k., now can we open the letter?" Sasami asked anxiously. 

 

"Alright then, lets see," Mihoshi, mumbled as she opened the
letter. It read:

 

         Dear Mihoshi, 

      

        Hey girlfriend! How are you doing? Well, I have great
news. My apartment was just remodeled and I was just wondering
if you and your family could come over. There's really cool
stuff here and it's so big, it'd be like you were in Tokyo!
Anyway, I want to meet the rest of your family and show them
that L.A. is just so cool. Call me and see you there! 

                                    Love,

                                       Melanie

      

                                 …To Be Continued… 