DISCLAIMER: THE CHARACTERS HEREIN ARE NOT MY CREATION NOR WILL THEY BE MY 
CREATION NO MATTER HOW MUCH I WISH IT; THEY ARE, HOWEVER, THE CREATION Masaki 
Kajishima.  I ALSO DO NOT OWN THE CHARACTERS HEREIN, AND REGRADLES OF THE EXTENT 
OF MY DESIRE THAT THEY WERE MY PROPERTY, I HAVE A BETTER CHANCE OF GETTING 
STRUCK BY LIGHTINING, THREE TIMES IN THE SAME HOUR WHILE I'M STANDING IN A DITCH 
WEARING A 	NEOPREEN WETSUIT AND AM CROUCHING IN A PHETAL POSITION, THAN I DO OF 
PIONEER/AIC, WHOM ARE THE LEGAL OWNERS OF THE AFOREMENTIONED CHARACTERS, GIVING 
THEM TO ME.

THE Ferrari F50 IS A LEGAL TRADEMARK OF Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro ALL RIGHTS 
RESERVED.

Fruit of The Loom IS A LEGA TRADEMARK OF Fruit of The Loom, Ltd. ALL RIGHTS 
RESERVED.

THE STORY OF "Tenchi USA" AND ANY THING WITHIN THE STORY THAT IS MY ORIGINAL 
IDEA IS MY CREATION AND MY LEGAL PROPERTY.  DON'T DO ANYTHING TO IT WITHOUT MY 
PERMISSION.

COPYRIGHT (c) 2001

Important Note:  BE SURE TO HAVE READ THE PROLOGUE FIRST.  

	This story is set in an alternate Tenchiverse.  It is an attempt by me to 
show how Tenchi would be the same and how he would be different had he been 
raised in the US.  It is mostly based on the OVA's and [almost] everything 
except for the way the characters meet and Tenchi's past are the same as the 
OVA's.  I'm sorry if I confused anyone that read the prologue and I hope that 
this clears up any confusion that might have arisen from my oversight with the 
Prologue.

------------------------------------------------------------------

Here goes a shameless plug (V1.0):  Visit my website at 
                http://www.geocities.com/tsunamis_knight/
	There you can find better formatted copies of all my fics.  I also post a 
new Tenchi Muyo! desktop wallpaper there at least once a week, right now 
(11:21am Pacific Time 02.22.01) there is a total of six wallpapers there for 
your enjoyment.  So check it out if you have the time or the desire.
	Please send any C, C & Q's to me at:
                         <yolk@snowcrest.net>  
	Also, all of my fics are usually posted on my website before they're 
posted on the TMFFA.  If you would like me to e-mail you whenever I finish post 
a chapter of Tenchi USA on my web site, please feel free to ask (via e-mail of 
course).

------------------------------------------------------------------

 _______                      _ _  _ _  ____    ____
|   |   |_    _   __  | _  *   |    |  /    \  /    \
    |  /__\ |/ \ /  \ |/ \ |   |    |  \____   |____|
    |  |    |  | |    |  | |   |    |       \  |    |
   _|_ \__/ |  | \__/ |  | |   \____/\*\____/*_|_  _|_*

 ____                    .      // ___                       ____               \\
 |   \  __     _   |    /|          |      *  _   | _   |    |  /  __    _   __
 |   | /  \  |/ \ -+-    |  ---     |      | / \| |/ \ -+-     /  /  \ |/ \ /__\
 |___/ |  |  |     |     |          |      | |  | |  |  |     /   |  | |  | |
_|_    \__/\ |     |    _|_        _|____| | \__| |  |  |    /__| \__/ |  | \__/
                                                |
 ____                                        \__/
/    \ | _   __     _  _|_  __    _     __
|      |/ \ /  \  |/ \  |  /__\ |/ \   /  \ /
|      |  | |  |  |  |  |  |    |      |   X
\____/ |  | \__/\ |__/  |  \__/ |      \__/ \/
Tenchi USA        |                    (Alpha)
Part 1 - Light Zone
Chapter Alpha     |

BEFORE READING THIS BE SURE TO HAVE READ THE PROLOGUE.

		Washu's Claim to Greatness

	"Aliens!"  Tenchi woke abruptly to find he was lying in a soft bed in the
dark.  "Wow, what a dream," he said to himself, thinking he was in his own bed.
	"Ah, so you've finally decided wake up, Tenchi," came a female voice.  
"Lights."  With Washu's command the darkness in the room was slowly lifted to 
reveal that they were still on the spacecraft.
	"What!" the earthling gawked with a mixture of fright and confusion.  
Moments later he realized that Washu had turned the lights on herself causing 
him to ask, "Is this your ship or something?"
	"Hehe, kind of surprised you there.  Didn't I?  Welcome to the 'Soja II,' 
or just 'Soja' for short, as I've dubbed it. And, um, Sorry," she apologized 
grimly. "I guess I should have warned you, but then again you probably wouldn't 
have believed me anyway had I told you."
	"No, I guess not.  So... where are we going?"
	"We are currently headed for a planet called Jurai.  It is located near
the center of the Andromeda galaxy as it is called on Earth.  We are currently 
traveling at approximately one hundred forty six million times the speed of 
light, and it will take us approximately five Earth days to get there," informed 
Washu with professorial tone, anticipating all of Tenchi's questions before he 
asked them.
	"Wow, that's fast," he exclaimed.
	"Oh, it's not that fast.  This is the fastest ship in the universe.  I 
could easily make the trip take only a few hours if I put this thing into full 
gear."
	"Then why don't you?"
	"Because, like on the streets on Earth, there are speed limits out here.  
That and I feel like taking the scenic route for once."
	"Um... okay, now, why are we going to Jurai in the first place?" inquired 
Tenchi.
	"To meat Emperor Azusa."
	"Why?" he asked.
	"You'll find out soon enough."
	"Okay..." Tenchi hated cryptic answers as much as the next person.   
	"What is he the emperor of?"
	"Jurai and subsequently the most powerful military force in the entire 
universe," the redhead told him.
	Tenchi gasped a slightly detached "Wow."
	"Well, this spaceship is the second most powerful ship in universe after 
the Tsunami," she bragged.
	"Oh, really now..."
	"Yes it is."
	"And how in the world did you get such a powerful ship if it really is as 
powerful as you say it is?"
	"That's easy.  I built it myself," she bragged with much fanfare.  "And, 
who are you to doubt, me, the number one scientific genius of the universe!"
	"Yeah, ok I believe you," said Tenchi although he was really thinking, 
_yeah right_.  "You know you shouldn't boast like that.  It'll only make you 
more disappointed when you find out you're wrong."
	"Oh but I won't find out that I'm wrong because that's a proven fact."
	"Really..." the high school student said skeptically.
	"I am telling you the truth!" fumed the retired professor at the top of 
her lungs.  If Tenchi were the swearing type, sworn that he could see the ship's 
bulkheads vibrating with the furry of her voice.
	"Okay, I guess I'll believe you," Tenchi said seeing that Washu was not 
going to give up the super-genius bit.
	"That's better."  Washu noted a light blinking on the control panel before 
her and warned Tenchi, "Now, brace yourself."  With that she began to levitate 
no more than a centimeter or two above the floor of the ship.
	"What!"
	Suddenly, and unexpectedly--at least Tenchi wasn't expecting it--the 
entire ship shook violently causing Tenchi to fall to the floor, while Washu 
continued to levitate unscathed.
	"Ah, there she is now," said Washu calmly.
	"Who?" squealed Tenchi.

		Enter: the Pirate Queen

	On board another ship a woman with an unmatchable figure, golden feline 
eyes, and long standing silvery cyan hair was standing at the helm.
	"Contact that ship Ryo-ohki!" commanded the silhouetted figure.
	Throughout the ship's semi-spherical command chamber, a loud wailing could 
be heard in response.  "Miaaa!"
	With her command a large holographic monitor appeared in front of the 
woman.  On the monitor it showed another female with very long, flowing red hair 
and her back was turned toward the monitor.
	"Stop now and hand over any valuable items you may have aboard your ship, 
or I will destroy it," the cyan haired woman ordered sternly.


	"Ryoko," greeted Washu as she slowly turned to face the screen.  "Hmm, 
what is this universe coming to when girls go around robbing their own mothers?"
	"What?" gasped one very surprised Tenchi.
	"Oh, mother, I... I didn't know it was you, I'm..." started the feral eyed 
space pirate.
	"No need to apologize, Ryoko.  It's been quite a long time since I've last 
laid eyes upon my child.  Won't you come aboard and visit with me for a while?  
I have some one here I'd like you to meet."
	_Damn it!  She's probably trying to get me to quit pirating again,_ 
thought Ryoko in disgust.  _I guess it wouldn't be that bad though. I've already 
robbed every major bank in the universe, and piracy just isn't as fun as used to 
be anymore._ "Okay, I guess."  
	"Okay," giggled her mother happily, not to mention surprised.  It was 
probably the first time ever that she had not had to force her to visit.  "I'm 
sooo happy!  I finally get to see my little Ryoko again after almost fifty 
years," added Washu in a baby voice.
	"Oh, mom, stop it.  What if someone over heard this transmission? It would 
be so embarrassing for me, the most wanted space pirate in the universe, to be 
babied by her mother!" she screamed as she threw her hand up in frustration.  
"It never ends.  Okay, I guess I'll come over to your ship if it means no one 
will be able to over hear what you say to me."
	"Just come on over.  You're always welcome here, you know that don't you?"
	"Yeah," admitted the pirate becoming slightly irate, "just give me a sec', 
and I'll be on my way over."
	The monitor went blank and disappeared.
	"Washu, that's your daughter?" asked Tenchi.
	"Yup, you think she pretty don't you?" asked Washu causing the poor boy to 
become a surprisingly bright shade of crimson. "Hehe, she's single you know."
	"Haa, what do you mean by that!"
	Washu giggled.  "Oh nothing..."  A few seconds later Washu added, "Oh 
yeah, please call me little Washu from now on."
	"Um...okay," Tenchi warily acquiesced.
	As they were speaking, Ryoko's ship could be seen through a transparent 
portion of the hull of the Soja beginning to glow brightly.
	"Ah, here they come now," observed Washu.
	"They?"
	Suddenly Ryoko's entire ship shot toward them, disappeared, and 
transformed into a thin beam of chartreuse light.  The beam came into Washu's 
ship through the "porthole" and hit in the center of the room materializing into 
Ryoko and a furry little creature that resembled a rabbit about the double the 
size of a human fist with extremely large ears, larger, in fact, than the rest 
of it's body.
	"Myaaa!" said the little creature excitedly after the two had completely 
materialized; it then jumped into Washu's open arms.
	"Well, hello there, Ryo-ohki.  It's so good to see you again after such a 
long time," Washu said as if she were talking to a small child.  "Oh your so 
cute, my little creation."
	"Miya!" said Ryo-ohki with happy enthusiasm.
	"Hello, little Ryoko, how are you?" the genius greeted her daughter.
	"Err!  I guess you could say 'I've been better,' but, all in all, not that 
bad."
	"That's good to hear.  I myself can't complain..."
	"Big surprise there," mumbled Ryoko under her breath.
	"Ryoko, I'd like you to meet Tenchi Masaki."  Washu held her arm out 
gesturing to Tenchi.  "Tenchi this is my daughter Ryoko.  And this cute one 
here," continued Washu gently holding up Ryo-ohki, "is Ryo-ohki."
	"Hello, Miss Ryoko, it's nice to meet you," Tenchi took her right hand in 
his right hand and gently kissed it as he had been raised to for as long as he 
could remember when introduced to a female.  He did it even though it 
embarrassed him greatly and mostly because of his own slightly modified belief 
in chivalry.
	Ryoko blushed brightly as he greeted her.  _This guy's cute,_ thought 
Ryoko, _I wonder why Mom wanted me to meet him.  That's strange; he's the first 
guy in a long time that's ever spoken to me and not feared for his life at the 
same time.  I wonder?_  "Say, haven't you ever heard of me?" she asked Tenchi.
	"No, why?  Should I have?" asked the young gentleman, becoming more 
embarrassed by the second.
	"Oh, nothing it's okay, just forget about it," said Ryoko happily.
	"Okay, if you say so," Tenchi said circumspectly.
	"The reason I asked you here, Ryoko," Washu interrupted the two and 
cleared her throat, "is to ask you if you would be so kind as to help train him 
in sword fighting."
	"Why should I?" asked Ryoko very insolently.  "Can't you just use some 
scientific thing and give him the skills he needs for what ever you have 
planned?"
	"Sword fighting!  What!" gasped Tenchi in surprise after the shock had had 
a chance to dissipate.
	"Oh, yes, Tenchi, I forgot to tell you, Emperor Azusa is major fan of 
sword fighting.  The only way we can get the kind of audience with Azusa that I 
need is for you to win the annual swordplay tournament held on Jurai."
	"I see," said the young man skeptically.  Something told him that there 
was more behind it than just that, but decided not to push the question any 
further.  "But why, Washu, would anyone possibly want to sword fight when you 
could just use some kind of gun?" asked Tenchi.  "Back on Earth people haven't 
used swords in combat for almost a hundred years."
	"Well, Tenchi, most of the creatures you will meet out here are capable of 
surviving the shot from all but the most powerful guns; that is, either by 
blocking it, or taking the shot with little or no effect.  While a sword, like 
Ryoko's...  Show him your sword Ryoko," Washu interrupted herself.
	Ryoko obliged her mother and formed a crimson glowing ball of yellow 
energy in the palm of her hand.  She the closed her hand into a fist over the 
ball, causing it to be pushed out away from the side of her fist to form an 
energy sword similar in color to the ball of energy it had been created from.  
	"Beautiful, isn't it?"  Ryoko asked Tenchi with a seductive wink.
	"Uh, yeah," replied Tenchi nervously.  Tenchi had always hated his shyness 
towards the opposite sex and silently wished that he had been able to reply with 
more bravado.
	"Continuing on," interrupted Washu sounding slightly annoyed.  "While a 
sword will slay most enemies with a single swing, provided you're close enough 
and you hit the right spot..."
 
		An Advance

	"Oh, I guess that makes sense...somewhat anyway," said Tenchi after Washu 
had explained it for the third time in the past hour and half.
	"Finally," mumbled Ryoko, lying comfortably on one of the central couches 
opposite from Tenchi who was lounging comfortably on the other of the central 
couches with Washu to his left, she was also sitting.
	Near the beginning of the previous hour the trio had moved from the ship's 
secondary control room to the much more comfortable and massive lounge.  It was 
an extremely, almost a hundred meters in diameter, large circular room, and was 
very lavishly furnished even by Royal standards-on earth anyway.  In the center 
of the room was a five-meter diameter table about the height of a coffee table.  
It's top looked as though it were made of a single sheet of abalone.  According 
to Washu it was a special alloy she had designed "in her sleep," as she had 
bragged.   In the center of the table was gigantic twenty centimeter diameter 
blue crystal that been cut with a typical table cut design.  The table portion 
of it facing upwards.  Washu had boasted that it was a blue boron diamond, the 
rarest and most costly diamonds available and that she had fabricated it one day 
while she was bored.  The outside edge of the table was trimmed with alternating 
bands of gold and platinum plating, again Washu had boasted.  Around the table 
were two extremely plush white half circular couches arranged with just enough 
space between their ends for a single person to pass between them.  Toward the 
aft end of the ship were twelve or so more couches of similar color and softness 
arranged auditorium style around what looked like an overly complicated 
entertainment system.  The side of the room towards the fore end the ship was 
completely bare except for the carpeting and the room's entrance.  The starboard 
and port sides of the room had different couches and tables randomly arranged 
throughout them, while the starboard had a stage with a karaoke set, and the 
port side had a bar/mini-kitchen.  The floor was covered in very white and 
fluffy carpeting.  
	Although the rest of the room was very amazing all on it's own, the walls 
and ceiling were what set it apart from any other typical room anywhere.  
Instead of simply being painted, wallpapered, carpeted, etc. they were basically 
just gigantic flat-screen televisions. The monitors were connected to a special 
full-vertical-full-horizontal-360°-view camera--little Washu also claimed to 
have invented it--which caused the monitors to display exactly what the space 
around the ship looked like.  It gave an awesome effect to the room, making it 
look as if it were simply a giant platform floating in the middle of space.
	Upon hearing Ryoko, Tenchi decided to justify his lapse in understanding. 
"Um, I'm sorry I took so long.  I guess I was kind of confused when Washu..."
	"LITTLE WASHU," Washu loudly corrected.
	Tenchi continued slightly annoyed, "...when LITTLE Washu was telling me 
the first two times."
	"Hehe, I bet you were," teased Ryoko while staring at him with a lustful 
look in her eyes.
	"Okay, okay, you two love birds," started Washu but was interrupted by 
Tenchi's fanatical-sounding screams.
	"Wh-Wh-Wha-Hey," the kid began, a strange combination of embarrassment and 
fear, showing on his face and in his voice, "what do you mean by that?" _I have 
a bad feeling about this..._ thought Tenchi.
	"Exactly what she said, honey," purred Ryoko, taking Washu's queue and 
floating over toward Tenchi.  Ryoko and her mother had been secretly planning 
this through their neural link.
	Tenchi swallowed hard.  I was right!  And with out further thought he 
immediately jumped over the back of the couch and began cowering behind it.  
_There, I know this won't stop her, but at least it will slow her down._
	It didn't.  
	She merely became intangible, phased through the couch, and clasped her 
right hand around Tenchi's waist placing her chin on his left shoulder.  This 
caused Tenchi to freeze for just a second.  The feeling of a female bosom 
pressing tightly against his back was not something he was accustomed to.  That 
second was long enough for her to turn his head towards hers with her remaining 
free hand.  Their lips were a mere centimeter apart when Tenchi returned to his 
senses.  He quickly scrambled away from Ryoko and ran for the bar as fast as 
his legs could propel him.  Ryoko continued her pursuit.
	_Damn it! That was my chance, Tenchi you've got to overcome your fears 
sometime,_ he scolded himself as he ran, tripping over couches and tables.
	"Stop it!"  The two stopped the moment they heard Washu's angry scream.  
	"Do you know how long it took me to design this room?  Well?"
	Tenchi and Ryoko looked at Washu's beaming smile, which seemed very out-
of-place, and then at each other very quizzically.
	"I may be the number one scientific genius of the universe," Washu 
continued her tirade, "but in no way does that mean I'm any good at decorating a 
lounge, I was lucky I got this room done so well!  And now you're in here 
wrecking it after all the work I did on it!"
	"Sorry," mumbled Tenchi and Ryoko simultaneously.  They then slowly 
returned to where they had originally been sitting; walking with their heads 
slumped.
	"Anyway, you two, now that I've told Tenchi all he needs to know," Washu 
pause and dropped a hint, "for now.  I think it's about time for me to 'train' 
Tenchi.  And then for you, Ryoko to get him...experienced."
	"Awe, but I was having fun," whined Ryoko.
	Tenchi almost choked on his next breath.
	"Ryoko, you can continue your little pursuit later.  We're gonna be on 
Jurai in approximately four days.  So we better get started.  Let's all head to 
my mini-lab."
	_Pursuit, what heck?_ thought Tenchi.  _Oh well, not like it's the most 
important thing in the world--universe--right now._

		Training?

	The three were in another large, somewhat circular room, this one dwarfing 
Washu's lounge.  It was also far from being as elegant as the lounge.  Its walls 
were covered with various metal and projections and monitors.  There were 
computer consoles everywhere one looked, and although this room was far larger 
than the lounge it seemed far more crowded than the lounge.  
	Washu's party was arrayed around a large chair in the center of the room.  
It had several mechanical arms projecting from its back around to the front.  To 
Tenchi it resembled some sort of medieval torture device.
	"So this is your mini-lab?" Ryoko began, "Whatever happened to your other 
lab, the one with the five planets?"
	"You're talking about my sub-space lab dear," Washu interpolated.  "I did 
not have time to set up it's entrance-exit on the Soja, which is a very time 
consuming process, considering the fact that the Soja moves far faster than 
anything else in the universe and in far less predictable a manner.  Those 
simple facts make fixing the coordinates of the entrance-exit at a single 
position within the ship very time consuming.  Since I didn't have enough 
advanced warning to do it before I went to retrieve Tenchi, I decided not to 
bother.  Besides, I already had this lab here.
	"I have to admit though, it'll be nice to finally see if this lab still 
works after over 200 years neglect," she added
	"Umm, Washu?" stuttered a frightened Tenchi.  "Do you mean to tell me that 
you're going to trust my brain to something that you haven't used in over 200 
years?"
	"Yeah, you might harm my precious Tenchi," Ryoko whined with a sad look on 
her face.
	_What's with her?_ "Yes, exactly what I was going to say.  And whoever 
said I was yours?"  Tenchi was becoming annoyed with Ryoko's antics.
	"Why I did, dear," flirted Ryoko.
	Washu could not help it but to smile at her daughter's determination.  
_Poor Tenchi,_ she thought, _she's not going to give up until she gets her way._
	"I give up," he mumbled tiredly tossing his hands up in mock-surrender, 
there was no point in arguing it any further, she just would not quit.
	"No Tenchi, there's no way my machines could possibly hurt you, especially 
with me, the number one scientific genius of the universe, at the controls!"
	"Yeah, that makes me feel much better," whispered Tenchi sarcastically to 
himself.  "Ok, I guess there's no way around this.  Is there?  I can go 
willingly or you're gonna force me.  Right?"
	"Affirmative."
	Tenchi stood looking at the chair for several more seconds gathering his 
courage, and then he set himself calmly down in it.
	"What do you think you're doing?" asked Washu, "You have to take your 
clothes off for this to work you know."  She continued to speak to Ryoko through 
their psychic link.  "_I know that you know that he doesn't really have to 
undress.  Just play along._"
	"_I guess you really are a great genius, hehe,_" Ryoko thanked her mom 
through the link and then continued out loud.  "Yeah Tenchi, um, here let me 
help you with that."  She walked closer to the young man and the started pulling 
his shirt off.
	Tenchi naturally protested, climbing out of the chair and around the space 
pirate.  "I can do it myself you know."
	"Go ahead then, Tenchi," said Ryoko with a longing voice while staring at 
Tenchi and placing her hands on her hips.
	"_We probably should go a little easier on the poor kid.  Just look how 
nervous he is,_" Washu told her daughter telepathically.
	"_Was I too abrupt?  Yeah, okay I guess that would probably be a good 
idea.  We'll try to take it a step further next time._"
	"You can leave your underwear on Tenchi," said the youngish scientist 
masterfully hiding the compromise in her voice.
	"Oh, okay that's much better," exhaled Tenchi.  "Um, where do you want 
me to put these?" asked Tenchi as he began to remove his clothing.
	"Just leave 'em right there on the floor."
	Several minutes later Tenchi was strapped into Washu's chair clad in 
nothing but his Fruit of the Looms and a metal halo studded with large 
incandescent bulbs Washu had placed on his head.  After Washu had finished 
adjusting the straps holding his wrist in place, she walked over to a small 
cabinet and pulled out a syringe filled with fifteen cc's some type of silvery 
metallic liquid.  With a gentle squeeze on syringe she cleaned the needle, 
causing some of the strange liquid to squirt silently onto the floor.  This 
done, she walked back to Tenchi and stood over his right arm.
	"Don't worry Tenchi, this won't hurt a bit."
	"Uhm, what is that stuff, Washu?"
	"This, Tenchi, is a mixture of sychrosome-it'll probably be called 
something like 'anti-Vicadin' when it is discovered on Earth-and nutrients.  
Syche-that's its street-name-is hyper-stimulant that when injected into your 
body will speed up your mind's ability to process new information and the speed 
at which it absorbs this new information by over fifty fold.  Therefore, 
allowing me to speed up the... 'Teaching process' significantly.  And as for the 
nutrients, they're in there to keep you fed during the process."
	Tenchi nodded his understanding and allowed Washu to inject him with the 
stimulant.  As soon as Washu had been certain that the drug was taking effect 
she inserted a data cartridge into the back of the chair.  Pausing for a few 
seconds, just to make sure the drugs had begun to affect Tenchi, she flipped a 
small switch on the back of the chair.
	A few moments after Washu had injected Tenchi, everything that happened in 
the room seemed to take forever, to Tenchi anyway.  Every minute took an hour to 
complete in Tenchi's mind.  It had seemed to take Washu ten minutes just to plug 
in that damn cartridge.  As soon as Washu flipped the switch, Tenchi's vision 
slowly faded to black and soon words, images, and sounds all started to flow 
into Tenchi's mind at an unbelievable pace of what seemed like hundreds of 
images a second.  Somehow Tenchi, although he wasn't yet able to comprehend 
them, was able to remember every single picture, every sound, and every 
syllable.  
	It was amazing.

		New Stuff

	"So...mom...how long's this is gonna take?" asked Ryoko as they walked 
back to the lounge.
	"Twelve hours, give or take."
	"That long huh?"
	"That long," repeated the number one scientific genius of the universe.
	"Hmm, oh well."
	"Dear, can I speak to you about something?"
	"Don't worry, I've already decided to retire from pirating," said the 
soon-to-be former space pirate.
	"No, I already knew that."
	"What is it then?" asked Ryoko.  So, Washu already knew about her 
retiring, well that wasn't a big surprise.
	"Well, you know we're going to Jurai don't you?"
	"Hehe," Ryoko couldn't hold back an amused laugh.  "Yeah, what makes you 
think I didn't get that from your conversation with Tenchi?"
	"Well, you don't seem very frightened.  I know you're the most wanted 
person in the universe, and Jurai is the place where you're wanted the most.  If 
you go with us, the Emperor will certainly have you arrested," Washu explained 
as the two sat down at the bar.  "Probably killed too," she added grimly, "VERY
slowly."
	"Oh, yeah, well we'll just have to see about that then won't we?" asked 
Ryoko as she poured her self a glass of sake.
	"Huh?" Washu was stumped, a rarity in her case.  "What do you mean?"
	"_I'll show you,_" said Ryoko through their link, although privacy wasn't 
necessary.  A moment later Washu became very frightened when Ryoko's body seemed 
to melt away from her, leaving behind a totally different person.  This person 
had very long brunette hair that dragged several meters behind her, her eyes 
were very human looking and had a dull metallic silver color.  Her ears were far 
more rounded than Ryoko's.
	"Wh...Who are you and what did you do to Ryoko?"  Asked Washu, very 
frightened for her daughter.  Washu frowned as the figure in front of her began 
laughing uncontrollably.
	"Oh, ha, ha, ha," laughed this jovial stranger.  "Washu, surprised, I 
would have never thought it possible."
	Washu was stunned!  This person had Ryoko's voice, What the heck! thought 
Washu very confused.  Today was becoming a very rare day indeed.  She had been 
stumped twice and surprised once.  "R...Ryoko, is that you?" asked Washu very 
nervously.
	"Of course!  Who else did you think it would be?  I never left the room, 
did I?"  Ryoko started laughing again, this time even more uncontrollably.
	"How, I mean, are you using some kind of holographic body suit, or a mind 
altering field effect device?"
	Ryoko slowly managed to bring her hysterics to a stop before answering 
Washu's question.  "No, no, no.  Nothing like that.  It's an ability of mine, I 
only found out I had it a few weeks ago.  Pretty neat huh?  Ryoko the shape-
shifter."
	Washu was happily amazed.  When she had first decided to create Ryoko, 
she hadn't known what abilities she would end up having, genetics being to a 
large part just a "role of the dice."  Even after Ryoko had been created all of 
her abilities hadn't manifested themselves immediately and not all at the same 
time.  It had taken almost a hundred years for her to learn that she was able to 
use an energy sword. Washu paused, quickly counting Ryoko's abilities in her 
head, she came up with twelve different abilities separated into four 
categories, _Wow,_ thought Washu, _that's a lot of abilities, and now add to 
that shape shifting, and that makes thirteen, still in four categories._  Washu 
was proud of the abilities she had given Ryoko, but was very surprised that it 
had taken this long for some of her abilities to manifest themselves.  _I guess 
she's still just a baby for her life span, I wish I knew what to expect her life 
span is,_ thought the bright redhead, _she's already over 5000 and she's still 
developing as though she's still a baby.  Now,_ the scientist continued in her 
thoughts, _I guess since the baby stage is about a hundredth of most race's life 
spans, she's probably the same way...so she's probably going to live to be at 
least... 500,000!  Oh no, Ryoko,_ she frowned at herself, _If only I had known.  
My 20,100 years were painful enough, but 500,000, no other species' life span 
comes even close, the species with longest life span, Jurai-Juraihee_ [Juraian], 
_only has approximately a 70,000-year maximum life span.  She is going to 
outlive every person she'll ever know.  Ryoko,_ Washu thought to herself, making 
sure she wasn't using her mind link to Ryoko.  _I'm so sorry, I would never have 
created you had I known this, all the sadness you're going to experience, 
you..._ she paused in her thoughts, not even wanting to think them to her self, 
_you'll have to watch everyone you'll ever love die, your husband, your 
children, your children's children, your children's children's children.  No, 
I,__ a single tear rolled down her cheek, puzzling Ryoko, "I'm so sorry, Ryoko."
	"Huh, what?"  Now Ryoko was even more puzzled.  "No, it's okay, it's a 
cool ability.  It's helped me get out of a tight pinch a couple of times."
	"Huh?"  The scientist was still mourning over having created her daughter 
before she realized why her thoughts had turned down such a bad road.  "Oh, um, 
sorry, I was thinking about something else."
	"It's okay, whatever it is, that's not the only new one I have."
	"Really," Washu frowned having already pushed her earlier realization into 
the very back of her mind.
	Ryoko shifted back into her normal form before saying.  "Really, watch."  
Ryoko then formed her energy blade.
	"That's not a new ability!" said Washu quite annoyed.
	"That's not it, I need a demonstration."
	Washu frowned in fear as she watched Ryoko slash her across the stomach.  
She screamed in pain as she caught her intestines in her hands, "But why?" 
gasped the genius scientist as she collapsed to the floor facing the ceiling of 
stars.
	"This is why," Ryoko placed her hand above her mother's wound, her hand 
began to glow a vibrant blue, the glow slowly started working it's way into her 
mother's body.Washu slowly felt the life returning to her as the wound healed 
with a speed that equaled only Ryoko's own healing ability.  "I don't think I 
wanted you to demonstrate that one," said Washu and smacked her daughter 
playfully on the forehead.
	"There, all finished," commented the penta-millennial age female, "and 
that 'demonstration' was for all the times you experimented on me."
	"Okay, okay you devil girl, I guess I owed you that one, but just never, 
ever do that again," Washu conceded.  She and her daughter hadn't always been 
this close, relationship-wise, until about a hundred years ago.  Washu 
remembered how horribly she had treated her little Ryoko and frowned inwardly at 
herself.  The kinds of things she had done to her own daughter were things that 
no sane parent would ever even remotely consider subjecting their children--an 
only child even more so--to, especially after promising not to.  Some would 
probably call the things she had done to Ryoko tantamount to torture.  The only 
good thing that had come out of it was Ryoko's attitude toward the promises she 
made.  Fortunately, though, Washu and her daughter were working out the problems 
in their relationship, although it had taken Washu had telling her daughter that 
she could get her back for all the times she had experimented on Ryoko in the 
past.
	"I promise I won't."
	"Well, I know that you won't ever break your promises.  And at least 
there's no scar."
	"What?  Is it wrong for me to have principles?" inquired Ryoko mock-
angrily.
"Nothing at all.  But, enough talking, it's been a long day, and you're 
going to need to get some rest before tomorrow's training."
	Ryoko frowned remembering she had promised to train Tenchi.  _Damn it, now 
why did I go and promise, I know that I never break my promises?_ Ryoko asked 
herself and then answered her own question, _BECAUSE you never break your 
promises!_ Ryoko sighed contentedly and smiled.  Today she had met some one who 
wouldn't try to run from her for fear of losing his life, although she loved 
being a pirate she had always longed for someone who would love her without 
trying so hard to please her--mainly from fear of losing his life--so much that 
it prevented him from being himself.  But, every time she plundered a planet, 
robbed a bank, or highjacked a cargo ship she knew she was chasing more and more 
people away from her.  Albeit not wanting to quit, she still continued her 
plundering.  Fortunately for Ryoko, her retirement plan was still in place.  She 
hoped it would work now.  The only thing that would hinder it from ever working 
was if she were to kill anyone, which she had tried very hard not to do over her 
5000-year life and succeeded.  Not even a cop had died at her hands.  She 
promised herself that she would take her plan into action as soon as they 
visited the Emperor, knowing that she would not be able to break a promise, even 
to herself.  Maybe after I retire I can try to get Tenchi to marry me, she 
blushed--almost unnoticeably--at her own thoughts.  _Ryoko! Tough space pirates 
don't think about marriage,_ she reprimanded herself, _but, Ryoko, you're not 
going to be a pirate much longer,_ she reminded herself.  _Good point._
	"I'm going to sleep in the lab tonight, to make sure none of your crazy 
machines does anything to Tenchi.  Do you mind if I move one of these couches in 
there?" she asked her mother.
	Washu ignored her offspring's uncouth comment, smiled, and sighed at 
her daughter with closed eyes.  "C'est l'amour.  C'est l'amour."
	"Huh?"
	"Oh," Washu giggled with a small evil yet somehow comforting grin.  "It's 
nothing.  Sure, go ahead."
	Ryoko uncharacteristically jumped and hugged and kissed her mother on the 
forehead.  "Thanks, mom," she whispered in her ear and picked up one of the 
couches with one hand and walked to the lab with it.
	Washu suddenly turned very sad again as she remembered.  "500,000-years, 
what have I done?"  She slumped and walked sadly to her quarters on board the 
Soja.
	She would end up not sleeping a single millisecond all that night.


	Ryoko glided down the halls of the Soja grinning ear-to-ear.  _Why am I 
acting like this?_ she asked herself.  _Who cares, I like it._  She did like it.  
Never before in her entire life, all 5000-plus years of it, had she ever cared 
of another being in any way.  Unless you counted Ryo-ohki, but that was 
different.  She had never had feelings for anyone--or anything--like she had 
been having all day for the strange boy from a planet whose name she had never 
heard until earlier that day and that her mother had picked up for some reason 
she had not yet fully explained.  Ryoko that knew from that day forward she 
would never ever again steal another thing again, except for maybe Tenchi's 
heart.  And that was the moment Ryoko decided what her feelings were.
	"Love," she whispered gently to herself and smiled warmly as she continued 
float through the Soja's monstrous corridors with the couch in hand and Ryo-ohki 
sleeping soundly on her shoulder.  She decided that from that point on she would 
try her damnedest to win Tenchi's heart, even if she had to die for it.
	Finally Ryoko entered Washu's on-board mini-lab and gently placed the 
beige couch down in front of Tenchi taking extra care not to wake Ryo-ohki.  She 
then laid down on the couch, placed Ryo-ohki at her feet, and promptly permitted 
the "sandman" to take possession of her mind.
	Ryoko's dreams that night were some of the best and happiest she had ever 
had.

		Good 'Morning'

	Tenchi didn't know how long he had been there.  The effects of the drugs 
would have made seem like he had been there for weeks.  In reality, however, it 
had only been one night.  But it didn't seem like anything to him.  His mind was 
not processing any information besides that which was being injected into it by 
Washu's contraption.  He was learning how to do things that he had never before 
thought he would learn, but then again he wasn't thinking about anything.  The 
thinking portion of his brain was turned off as though someone had just flicked 
a switch.
	Suddenly the information stopped flowing and the switch was turned on.  
The drugs wore off almost immediately.  When Tenchi began to feel his body 
again, the first thing he noticed was a very painful headache as if someone had 
hit him upside the head with a cast iron frying pan, repeatedly.  He tried to 
touch his head with his hands, just incase there was a new bruise there, but was 
stopped by the wrist straps on the chair.  Tenchi breathed deeply and slowly 
began to open his eyes.  When his eyes first opened the young man thought he was 
blind for a second before he realized that the lights in the mini-lab had simply 
been turned off.  After a few minutes his eyes finally managed to adjust to the 
darkness.  The first thing he was able to see through the darkness were straight 
edges because the mind naturally picks those out first.  Then came surfaces 
followed by texture.  Color would never come because human eyes cannot see color 
in the dark.
	His eyes quickly found the sleeping form of Ryoko. Before long, without 
knowing it, he was absently staring at her through the darkness.  He also did 
not notice the small smile that crept onto his face.
	The young man eventually came to his senses when a low rumbling sound 
erupted from his stomach.  He hated that feeling and so did not hesitate in 
attempting to wake the sleeping beauty. 
	"Um, Ryoko?" he said quietly.  When the pirate didn't stir he tried again, 
this time a little louder.
	"Miaaa?" it sounded like a question.
	"Oh, Ryo-ohki, you're here, too?" asked a half-naked Tenchi.  "Could you 
please wake Ryoko up.  I'm really hungry."
	At first Ryo-ohki did not want to wake Ryoko because she could feel 
Ryoko's happiness coming across their link.  She did not want to disturb her 
happiness, but then she saw what--who--the dreams were about.
	Ryo-ohki nodded, thinking Tenchi could see in the dark as well as she 
could.


	This was the happiest moment of Ryoko's life.  She was wearing a long 
flowing lacy white dress with a veil, and she held a small bouquet of flowers in 
her hands.  She was slowly walking along a narrow red carpet towards...Tenchi.  
He was wearing a black tuxedo and standing on a small slightly raised platform 
smiling down at her.  As she reached him, she stepped up onto the small 
platform, and he took her hands in his and smiled at her.
	"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today..." the minister began.  "Do 
you, Tenchi Masaki, take this woman to be your lawful wedded wife?  To have and 
to hold in sickness and in health..."
	Ryoko was beaming wildly.  It was impossible for her to conceal her glee.
	"...Do you Tenchi Masaki take this woman as your wife?"
	"Miyaa!"
	Ryoko frowned when she heard Ryo-ohki.  Then she thought, _if this really 
is a dream..._  Ryoko quickly and expertly glomped onto the groom and kissed him 
passionately.  Instead of running like he had the last time she had tried this, 
Tenchi returned the kiss with just as much, if not more, passion than Ryoko was 
putting into it. Too bad Ryoko couldn't feel it in her dream state.
	When Ryoko finally broke the kiss she reluctantly forced herself to wake 
up and at the same time she hoped that the dream was precognitive.


	"_Thanks Ryo-ohki,_" Ryoko told her fury companion without speaking. 
"_Don't want him to starve now do we?_"
	"Mia," said Ryo-ohki lightly.
	"Oh good, you're awake," moaned Tenchi as the cyan tressed woman began to 
stir.  "I was getting worried that I would starve to death in this thing."  
Tenchi screamed when Ryoko glomped him.
	"Oh.  Well, I doubt you'll starve to death.  'Specially on this ship," she 
cooed playfully.
	"I hope not," commented Tenchi nervously.  "Umm, can you please let me out 
of this thing?"
	"Time," Ryoko commanded as she reluctantly let go of Tenchi.  The mini-
lab's internal super-computer system replied with the time. "Hmm, well, it's 
been about twelve hours, so, I'll go get mother.  I don't know if I can let you 
out of the...chair yet."
	"Okay, just don't be gone too long.  This chair is getting very 
uncomfortable."
	"Just wait here and I'll be right back," said Ryoko with a seductive wink 
as she headed for the door of the miniature laboratory with Ryo-ohki tagging 
along behind her.
	Tenchi didn't respond.
	Several minutes later Ryoko returned with Washu in tow and glomped the 
young gentleman, again.  After a few moments he managed to extract himself from 
Ryoko's grasp.
	"Ahh, Bon matin mon garçon.  Comment tu fait aujourd'hui?" Washu asked in 
French.  The English translation is: "Good morning my boy.  How are you today?"
	"Well, a little smarter," then his stomach rumbled, "and hungry... Hey 
how did I understand you?"
	"Hehe, well, I didn't just teach you sword fighting.  I also taught you 
every single language ever used in the entire universe and few extra things.  
And you should be hungry, you haven't eaten anything since lunch at school 
yesterday."
	"Well, that makes my Spanish class in school a lot easier.  But what about 
those nutrients in that shot?" inquired the starving kid as Washu removed the 
straps around his wrists.
	"The only reason your stomach is making noises is because there's nothing 
in it.  Those nutrients went directly into your blood stream and, therefore did 
not fill you up."
	"Ohh... so can I get something to eat now?"
	"Yes, but first I have to run a few tests."
	"Why?"
	"To make sure there're no ill side effects.  I've never done this to your 
species before," the red head informed him.
	"Err, okay but this better not take too long."
	"Don't worry, Tenchi dear, it won't," said Washu, "Now please follow me."
	"'Kay..." Tenchi nervously followed Washu further into the mini-
laboratory. 
	The scientist stopped when she came to a one-meter diameter circular 
raised platform.  Washu gestured for him to stand on it, and he obliged.  When 
he did step on in, she raised her hands, her holo-top appeared, and she pressed 
a single button.  
	Nothing visible happened.
	"Thank you," said the number one scientific genius in the universe not 
close to even a second later.  "You can step down now and go get something to 
eat."
	"Huh?  But?  Um?  You haven't done anything, yet," stammered the test 
subject.
	"Yes I did.  In the short time you were standing on that pad I took your 
blood pressure, heart rate, took an electroencephalograph, gave you a CAT-scan, 
cataloged your bone and organ structure, measured your body fat, took a DNA 
sample, took a blood sample, took a sperm sample, tested you for impotency--you 
came up negative on that by the way--mapped your blood stream, did a routine 
drug test, a pregnancy test, --negative again--checked you for parasites, et 
cetera, et cetera..."
	All Tenchi could say was a simple "Oh."
	"Ryoko, you take Tenchi to the Soja's cafeteria and show him how to use 
the food replicators."
	"Okay!" said the pirate happily, grabbed Tenchi's wrist, and dragged him 
to the ship's kitchen.


	"...And then you press this button and...  Voila!  Your food is done."  
Ryoko had just finished showing Tenchi to program the ship's food replicators.
	"Okay... le' me see if I can do this."  Tenchi began programming the 
device as he had been instructed.
	"A double stack of pancakes with maple syrup?" asked the space pirate.
	"Yeah, so, what's wrong with that, I like pancakes?"
	"Oh, nothing, just never had them before."
	Tenchi nodded his understanding but not without a fair amount of surprise 
visible on his face as he finished programming the microwave-like device.  Ryoko 
then had it make her the same thing after the object of her affection's food was 
finished.  They then walked together to one of the tables and sat down on it 
beside each other.
	"That's good," said Tenchi after his first bite, "but not very accurate."
	"Well, replicators aren't known for they're accuracy.  People like my 
mother and I who couldn't even cook pre-packaged meals without making a mistake 
mostly use them," she explained.  "That's not saying that we can't cook though, 
because we can.  Just not very well," she joked.
	Tenchi chuckled lightly in reply.
	After that the conversation drifted randomly from topic to topic and 
without Tenchi noticing Ryoko managed to shift the conversation to a point where 
she could inconspicuously ask about his love life.
	"...No, I don't have any girl friends or love interests back on Earth," 
Tenchi was saying.
	"Really?  Isn't that lonely or boring or something?" asked Ryoko hope in 
her bright golden eyes.
	Tenchi blushed.  He had just realized what she was trying to do.  "Umm, 
can we please talk about something else?  This is embarrassing."
	The youngish girl sighed very sadly and then decided that it couldn't hurt 
to oblige him.  "Sure," she said.
	"WARNING! WARNING! WARNING!" blared the ship's on board computer in a 
voice whose monotone calmness only sounded like more reason for concern as an 
alarm sounded and red lights started flashing everywhere.  It had Washu's voice.  
"PROXIMITY TO FRACTAL CORE!  WARNING!" the message just repeated.
	"Damn it," griped the pirate.
	"Umm, Ryoko," Tenchi stuttered very frightened, "What's that?"
	"Were passing close to the Fractal Core," yelled Ryoko over the computer.  
"Hold on to something!  The ride is going to get VERY bumpy here in a few 
seconds."  She hoped the double meanings weren't lost on him.
	Almost as if on cue the entire ship violently lurched upwards by several 
meters, then downward, then left, stopped, lurched left again, and continued 
shaking around like a 747 in a hurricane.  With the alarms blaring it was too 
difficult to speak any more, so all Tenchi and Ryoko could do was sit, holding 
tightly onto the table of course, and wait it out.  Almost half an hour later 
the shaking finally stopped.
	Tenchi let out a massive sigh of relief and said sarcastically, "That was 
fun!  What's the Fractal Core?"
	"The Fractal Core," began Washu, calmly walking into the cafeteria and 
selecting something from a replicator, "is a gateway of sorts between our 
universe, which is called the Light Zone, and another universe, called the Dark 
Zone.  Most ships are capable of passing through or near the FC without any harm 
or any of the shaking we experienced a few moments ago, but the Soja is simply 
too massive to go through it.  If we were to attempt to go through in this ship, 
we'd be crushed into sub-atomic particles and strewn across the two universes."
	"Huh?" asked Tenchi causing Washu to face fault.  Ryoko didn't need the 
simple explanation because she had already heard it.
	After picking herself up and dusting off her clothes, Washu explained it 
again.  This time in a way a two year old could understand and with a more 
annoyed and angry tone.  "It's a tunnel to another universe that the Soja is to 
big to fit through."
	"Oh..." groaned the Earth native, "that's neat.  Why do they call the 
universes the Light and Dark Zones?"
	"Well Tenchi," the genius was once again left with the explanation.  "The 
Dark Zone is called the Dark Zone because it is a dark and old universe.  There 
is very little light in it because most of its stars have burnt out. 
Furthermore, all of its systems are also spread very far apart and it takes ages 
to get from one place to another.  It is also pretty much a hideout of sorts for 
the scum of the universes.  Almost all criminals use it for a hideaway..."
	"The cowardly ones," interjected the space pirate with a mumble.
	"...Because the Galaxy Police usually don't bother spending their 
resources to go after people in Dark Zone.  And, therefore, most of its 
population is involved with criminal activities.
	"The Light Zone is called the Light Zone because it is a much more comely 
universe than Dark Zone.  Most of the people in it are friendly.  It's easy to 
get from place to place, and also because there's more light in it than in the 
Dark Zone.  The only bad thing about the Light Zone is that all of the criminals 
come here from the Dark Zone to steal things."
	"Oh..."
	"Anyway," said Washu, "time for training.  Follow me and I'll show you two 
to the gym."

		Spar

	The three were standing inside of the Soja's immense gymnasium.  In front 
of its entrance.  It was a very large square room.  Tenchi estimated it to be 
roughly twice the size of a football field back on Earth.  It had a very tall 
ceiling that rivaled the height of the Notre Dame cathedral in Paris, France.  
The entire floor, except for a small ten-foot square area by the door, was 
covered with a soft mat that was as white as freshly fallen snow.  Each wall was 
painted a different color.  The wall with the entrance was red, the wall to its 
left was blue, the far wall was purple, and the wall to the right of the 
entrance was jet black.  The ceiling was a strange yellow metallic color.
Tenchi was the first person to open his mouth.  "What's with colors on the 
walls, Washu?"
	"Nothing at all.  It just looks cool."
	Both of her companions face faulted.
	After Tenchi managed to regain his composure, he asked the redhead a 
question.  "What're we gonna fight with?"
	"These."  Washu pulled two cylindrical objects out of a sub-space pocket.  
They were about twenty-five centimeters long and looked like they were just 
highly polished stainless-steel bars.  She tossed one to Ryoko and one to 
Tenchi.
	After Tenchi caught his, he held it in both hands like a golf club, closed 
both eyes, looked away from the sword, and concentrated for a second.  Almost 
instantly in a blinding flash a brilliant white blade of energy burst out of the 
hilt.  The training swordsman looked confused and asked in an equally confused 
tone, "How did I know how to do that?"
	The scientist bopped Tenchi on the head.  "You just took about eleven 
years of training last night."
	"Oh..."
	Ryoko ignited the blade Washu had tossed her.
	"Now, you two, these are just practice swords.  You couldn't cut a pizza 
with one even if you wanted to, and it's almost impossible to die from one.  
When you get hit with the sword's blade it'll give you a small electrical shock--
see." Washu quickly pulled another practice blade out of sub-space, ignited it, 
and, without warning, poked the only guy on the ship in the leg with its blade.  
The ensuing electrical shock made Tenchi jump slightly, "--, Just to make you 
want to put a little more...effort into your sparring.
	"Well, you two practice however you like.  I'm going into my lab..." her 
voice faded as she said the last sentence.  Something in the way she said the 
last sentence made Ryoko correctly believe her mother was worried about 
something.  Washu then militarily turned on her heals and left the gym.
	After watching Washu leave, Tenchi and Ryoko both walked to the center of 
the gym.  When the pair reached the center of the gymnasium, they stood three 
meters apart, Ryoko re-ignited her practice blade and got into a battle stance.  
Tenchi got in what resembled a Juraian battle-ready stance, albeit a bit more 
nervously, this being his first time holding a sword-like weapon--much less 
using one in combat.  
	They were standing just over three meters apart, facing each other.  Both 
waiting silently for the other to make a move.  Tenchi was calm, focused, and 
relaxed.  His thoughts of anything other than the now were banished from his 
mind.  It was a kind of calm that could only be obtained through years of hard 
work, training, and experience, or as it was in Tenchi's case, something that 
was inborn into one's blood, inherited through countless generations of 
warriors.  This warrior's mind was at an incomprehensible level of peace while 
the world around him was about to become more hectic than that of a frog in a 
blender.  His mind was set on the task for which it had been born.  It was like 
he had a sixth sense for sword fighting.  Few things undue could possibly 
disturb him.  He was waiting for Ryoko with a deadly combination of patience 
and anticipation.  Unfortunately for him, that was all he had going for him, but 
that was why they were here, to fix that.
	In Ryoko's case it was an entirely different story.  She was 
concentrating, but it was taking a very considerable amount of effort.  Her 
patience was of a very minuscule amount and that was dwindling, rapidly.  Unlike 
her sparring partner, she had skill and experience.  She held the advantage.
	The pirate became bored of waiting for Tenchi to make the first move.  So, 
her being her, she decided that she'd do it for him.  A small battle cry, and 
the instructor charged at him like a bullet from a gun with her practice blade 
held high and poised to strike.  Reaching her adversary she brought her sword 
down in a wide arc towards Tenchi's left shoulder.  Tenchi blocked the strike 
with ease and jumped a step back with his weapon held horizontally and prepared 
to parry Ryoko's next attack.  The instructor once again held her blade high in 
a gambit to hit Tenchi's throat.  Tenchi went to parry.  She feinted and gently 
poked the boy's stomach with her blade causing him to twitch slightly.  The 
numbers "01/01" appeared across the blue wall in giant red text.
	"Oh, so they keep score, too," mussed Ryoko.  "Haha, I win."
	"Don't get your hopes up.  This is just round one," the student reminded 
the teacher.  His mind also took in the lesson: never trust your opponent's 
movements.
	"'Kay, let's try that again," she suggested.
	Tenchi nodded his agreement and they returned to their battle stances and 
were again standing three meters apart.  Ryoko once again lost her patience and 
was the first to strike.  This time with her sword hung low to her left, she 
prepared to remove the boy's right arm-were it a real sword.  She swung her 
sword upwards but was blocked.  Tenchi was once again on the defensive.  His 
blade blocked his temporary enemy's furry of slashes and thrusts with amassing 
ease.  The space pirate attempted to fake several times, all attempts failing.  
Ducking under a high slash, Tenchi whipped his sword around in one deft move and 
brought it into Ryoko's side.
	The numbers on the blue wall changed to "01/02" and on the black wall, 
in red numbering, appeared "01/02", Denoting that Tenchi had won one match of 
two fought.
	Although Tenchi had won the match he still considered it a loss.  After 
the conclusion of the match, Tenchi was standing with his legs spread apart and 
his hands on his knees to aid him in keeping his balance.  He was exhausted.  He 
was more exhausted than he had ever been ever before in his memory.  His 
breathing was heavy, rapid, and deep.  Only now was he beginning to regret the 
staggering amount of inactivity he had shown in his physical education classes 
in school.  He was too far out of shape to be anywhere near able to participate 
in an active sword fight.  Over the past several years the only exercise he ever 
got was walking home from school with a forty-five pound--it felt more like 
seventy-five pounds--backpack on his shoulders.  Then, after he had acquired a 
driver's license, his level of inactivity rivaled that of a boulder.  Needless 
to say: he needed to start working out.
	"Are you all right?" asked his instructor with concern for her panting 
pupil.
	After several minutes of regaining his breath Tenchi managed to speak 
between hoarse breaths.  "I'm...just...out...of...shape."
	"Oh."  She thought for several minutes about what they could do to 
improve the conditioning of his respiratory, cardiovascular, and muscular 
systems but to no avail.  "I have no idea what we can do about that."
	The sound of a speaker crackling on filled the void of the immense ship's 
similarly immense gymnasium followed by the strangely evil-yet-friendly voice of 
Washu.  "I see Tenchi's out of shape," she said with the slightest, almost 
unnoticeable hint of cunning in her voice.  "Well, he's in luck because I have 
just the thing for him.  As soon as you've had a chance to rest your body, come 
to my lab.  Pronto!"  A subdued happy cackle could be heard as the speakers 
clicked off.

					End Chapter Alpha

------------------------------------------------------------------

Here goes a shameless plug (V1.0):  Visit my website at 
                http://www.geocities.com/tsunamis_knight/
	There you can find better formatted copies of all my fics.  I also post a 
new Tenchi Muyo! desktop wallpaper there at least once a week, right now 
(11:21am Pacific Time 02.22.01) there is a total of six wallpapers there for 
your enjoyment.  So check it out if you have the time or the desire.
	Please send any C, C & Q's to me at:
                         <yolk@snowcrest.net>  
	Also, all of my fics are usually posted on my website before they're 
posted on the TMFFA.  If you would like me to e-mail you whenever I finish post 
a chapter of Tenchi USA on my web site, please feel free to ask (via e-mail of 
course).

------------------------------------------------------------------

