Disclaimer: All characters and units related to the Tenchi Series are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer.  The
author owns Sanjou, Zynd, and Vor.  Names, places, persons identical to 
those in the story are purely
coincidental.  This series is essentially based off the first two Tenchi 
series (Muyo! and Universe), but more
from Muyo!  So please don't hassle me for inconsistencies or varying from 
stories.

Now, with the legal stuff out of the way, it's time to tell the story.

                                                                     What?  
No Tenchi?

	The sound of knuckles upon wood sounded in Tenchi's room, followed by a 
soft, sweet voice.
	"Oh Tenchi!  Good Morning."
	"..."
	"Tenchi?"  The door slid open and in stepped Ryoko, glancing around the 
interior of Tenchi's
room.  Much to her disappointment, Tenchi wasn't around.  She blinked and 
double-checked, making sure
he wasn't hiding somewhere.  Leaving her feet, Ryoko floated around the room 
and began checking several
hiding places.  Underneath the bed, in the closet, the drawers, even 
underneath the pillows, Tenchi wasn't
to be found this morn.  A confused look on her face and she faded from view, 
only to materialize
downstairs in the common room.  Nope, no Tenchi was there either.  Only 
Aeka, Kiyone, and Sanjou.  All
three were sitting downstairs on the couch, watching early morning 
television.  At the sound of Ryoko
fading into the room, each looked up in succession, returning back to the 
television screen after seeing
whom it was.
	"Where's Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked, fluttering to her feet as Mihoshi sleepily 
made her way
downstairs, tripping on the last three steps and falling flat on her face.  
Tears began to flow as she whined
out Kiyone's name, who could only sigh and roll her eyes.
	"Out." Sanjou said, without looking up to glance at either Ryoko or the 
tearful Mihoshi.
	"Oh?  He's left to the fields already?"
	"Something like that."
	"Huh?"
	"Nevermind."
	Ryoko was puzzled by the answer, but shrugged, walking over to take a seat 
on one of the two
couches.  Breakfast would be ready soon and then it would be her usual 
routine of getting others to do her
chores while she thought of ways to be alone with Tenchi.  Perhaps today, 
the plans would work again.
Mihoshi, having recovered from her fall, rose to her feet and wiped her 
eyes.  Kiyone did not come to her
aid like usual, and it confused her.  However, this didn't last long as she 
cheerily found her way over to the
couch and settled down, watching television with the others.  Kiyone, having 
noticed Mihoshi sit down
beside her, scooted down the couch and accidentally bumped into Sanjou, who 
merely looked at Kiyone
and smiled.  Kiyone, crimson face and all, nodded apologetically and 
returned the smile.  She hadn't meant
to bump into the handsome warrior, she just wanted to get away from Mihoshi.
	"Sorry." Kiyone found herself saying, turning away from the warrior as the 
`breakfast' call came.
`Thank goodness.' Kiyone thought, rising from her spot quickly and heading 
towards the table.  Sanjou
merely watched her, quite confused by her demeanor at that point.  However, 
he shrugged, about to rise
when he heard Ryoko giggling next to him.  He turned and looked at her, 
cocking his head in such a
manner that would tell her that he was wondering what she was giggling 
about.
	"I've never seen Kiyone do -that- before." Ryoko whispered, floating up 
from the couch to fade
and materialize by the table.  Sanjou blinked and just sat there for a 
moment, while everyone moved off
towards the table.  Sanjou soon followed, being the last to take his place, 
Washuu already having made her
way up from the lab.  Once settled, breakfast began in silence.  Early in 
the morning and everyone was to
their own thoughts, except for Ryoko, whom was still waiting on Tenchi to 
arrive.
	`Where is Tenchi?' Ryoko thought, her eyes glued to the front door as she 
left her food untouched.
Aeka and Washuu noticed this and began giggling, looking at each other.  
Ryoko heard the two and
blinked, coming to the present and growling some.
	"Hey! What's so funny!?"
	"Oh, nothing, Ryoko." Washu and Aeka answered in harmony as the rest of the 
table looked up
from their breakfast to the rest.  Ryoko scowled at the two and ate her food 
in silence, seemingly
embarrassed with all the attention on herself.  Aeka and Washuu chuckled and 
returned to eating as the
rest shrugged it off, finishing their meals.  Breakfast soon ended and 
everyone left for their daily chores,
leaving Sasami and Zynd, per usual, to clean up the dishes and wash them.  
Sanjou left for the outside,
followed by Washuu.  She needed to ask him questions about some certain 
things, essentially, she wanted
to use him as a guinea pig.  Sort of like Tenchi.  Kiyone and Mihoshi left 
to do their daily chore of cleaning
the upstairs.  Ryoko left for the upstairs also, seeing as it was her day to 
clean out the bathroom.  Aeka,
whose chore it was to do laundry, sighed and went about to pick up dirty 
clothes, having Kamidake and
Azaka escort her and hold up the basket.  All in all, only one person 
wondered where Tenchi was.  And that
was Ryoko.

	Meanwhile, on a bullet train to Tokyo, Tenchi, Nobiyuki, and Yosho were all 
busy enjoying their
day away from home.  The stewardess had just taken their breakfast trays 
from them when Yosho began the
strangest of discussions.
	"So, Tenchi, have you made your decision?"
	"My decision, Grandfather?" Tenchi asked, confusion abounding on his face 
as Nobiyuki mirrored
the expression.  Just what was Grandfather talking about?
	"You know Tenchi, which of the girls is it going to be?" Yosho said, 
turning to see the look on
Tenchi's face, which was essentially shock and a loss for words.  Nobiyuki 
laughed and patted Tenchi on
the back.
	"Yeah, Tenchi, all those attractive girls and you haven't even made a play 
for one of them."
	"Dad! Grandpa! Stop it!" Tenchi protested, becoming all annoyed by the fact 
that they were
teasing him once again.  Yosho and Nobiyuki laughed and smiled big, 
returning to settle back into their
seats.  Tenchi sighed some and shook his head.  `Those two.  I swear they'll 
end up making me marry them
all.'

	"No, Washuu, you may not use me or my son as guinea pigs." Sanjou said, 
turning to look at
Washuu and cross his arms over his chest.  In this pose, he would not budge 
on anything, be it politics,
decisions, or other things.  Washuu, offering a pout, began to try and pour 
on the childish sweetness, but to
Sanjou's distaste.
	"Oh, please, Sanjou?  I just want to use my wittle-bitty scanner on you."
	"No."
	"Pleeeeaaasssseee, Sanjou?" Washuu protested, offering a pretty pout to go 
along with it.  Sanjou
now had two ways to go.  Refuse and she'd irritate the hell out of his son, 
who he knew would cave in far
easier than he.  Or he could just have her do the residual scan and compare 
it to her older records of him,
which he noticed on her computer while going through them that first day he 
was here.  Deciding on that
he'd rather care for his son's privacy, he budged.
	"Fine.  You can do a residual scan of me.  I know it doesn't require any 
tubes or anything like
that."  Sanjou said, much to Washuu's delight.
	"Oh goody-goody!" Washuu squealed, sitting upon the wooden porch and having 
her dimensional
keypad pop up.  Sanjou remained where he stood, letting the mad scientist 
scan over his parts as she
pleased.  He knew what the next words would be from her.  Something along 
the lines of.
	"I knew it!  You do have it within you!  Hardly anything has changed!" 
Washuu exclaimed, typing
through the data that popped up on the screen.  `Yep.  I knew it, also.' 
Sanjou thought, smirking as she
excitedly went through the data like a scientist discovering something for 
the very first time.
	"Yes, well, it hasn't been that long, has it?" Sanjou said, uncrossing his 
arm and turning away
from Washuu to the grassy clearing between the lake and the house.  Washuu 
continued typing away at the
computer in front of her for a few more moments before raising her head and 
watching Sanjou.
	"Does your son have it, too?"
	Sanjou paused, turning slightly to look back at Washuu.  A slow nod 
followed as he answered.
	"Yes, all those who are in my line will have it.  But it is currently 
dormant within Zynd.  Once he
reaches adulthood, it will be released."
	Washuu nodded.  "Shall I tell the others? Or will you?"
	"When it is time, I will.  I must meet with Tsunami, if necessary,  
beforehand."
	Washuu nodded, understanding.  Returning to her computer, she sat out in 
the sunlight and keyed
away.  Sanjou nodded his approval and turned back, walking off to a spot in 
the grass where he would sit
and meditate until lunch.

	Upstairs, Kiyone and Mihoshi were busy sweeping the floors with brooms.  
Kiyone was working
diligently while Mihoshi continued to stumble around and try her best at the 
manual work, when she
suddenly tripped and tumbled into Kiyone.  Both were sent sprawling to the 
floor, their voices squealing as
they fell.
	"Mihoshi!"
	"I'm sorry, Kiyone.  I just tripped is all."
	"I don't care, Mihoshi! Just get off me!"
	Mishoshi, her mouth trembling and tears threatening to fall from her face, 
just froze there, visibly
upset as Kiyone struggled underneath.  Grumbling, Kiyone turned and pushed 
Mihoshi off, her face flushed
in anger as she looked down at her sniveling partner.
	"Why do you have to be so difficult?"  Kiyone asked rhetorically.
	"I, just, uh, I'm sorry Kiyone!" Mihoshi cried, her arms wrapping 
themselves around Kiyone's
legs.  Kiyone sighed and dropped her head just as Aeka stumbled upon them, 
Kamidake and Azaka in
tow.
	"What's going on, Kiyone, Mihoshi?" Aeka asked, eyes blinking at the 
situation.
	"Nothing, Aeka.  Mihoshi's being Mihoshi again." Kiyone sighed, dropping 
her head and
shoulder's in defeat while Mihoshi continued crying, clutching to Kiyone.
	"Oh, I see."
	"Kiyone.I'm sorry." Mihoshi whimpered as Kiyone pried herself away from 
Mihoshi.  Kiyone
bent over to grab her broom while Mihoshi sucked upon her thumb and sat, 
continuing her whimpering.
	"Just get to work, Mihoshi." Kiyone sighed, resuming her sweeping as 
Mihoshi slowly came to
her feet and began to resume her sweeping as well.  Aeka chuckled at the 
sight and continued on, heading
past the bathroom to check on Ryoko.  Little to her surprise, Ryoko wasn't 
there.  Aeka frowned and
headed towards the stairs, moving down them with the regal of royalty.  Sure 
enough, Ryoko was
downstairs on the couch, relaxing and reading a magazine.
	"Oh, it figures you're down here while the rest of us clean."  Aeka 
grumbled, her hands upon her
hips as she looked at Ryoko.
	"So I finished early.  Sue me." Ryoko retorted, tossing down her magazine 
to glare at the Juraiian
Princess.  The two began to growl at each other, electricity suddenly 
forming between them.  Had it not
been for Sasami and Zynd entering the room, there'd of been a firefight once 
again.  Sasami sighed and
rolled her eyes while Zynd blinked.
	"Are you two at it again?" Sasami asked, annoyance in her voice.  Aeka 
growled along with
Ryoko, the two not turning to even glance at the younger princess.  Sasami 
sighed once more and shook her
head, Zynd and her moving off to clean the room's interior.
	"You know that's lie, Ryoko! I was just upstairs and the bathroom wasn't 
cleaned!"  Aeka
squeaked out.
	Ryoko growled back and sneered.  "Then it must've been your presence that 
fouled it up then."
	The two continued growling at each other, only to be interrupted by the 
tapping of the sliding
glass door.  Both blinked their eyes and turned to see Washuu and Sanjou, 
both obviously annoyed at the
sight of them squabbling.  Sanjou slid the door open while Washuu began to 
speak.
	"Honestly, can you two quit arguing for one second?  What would Tenchi 
think?"
	Thw two looked to each other and then back to Washuu, their eyes blinking 
several times before
Ryoko spoke up first.
	"Stay out of this, Washuu! It's none of your business!" Ryoko snapped.
	"Go clean the bathroom, Ryoko."  Sanjou butted in before Aeka or Washuu 
could speak.  "Now."
	Ryoko blinked and began to protest, but was cut short by Sanjou's hand 
raising and Washuu's
shake of the head.  Obviously, her mother knew something about Sanjou that 
she didn't.  But, with the
short encounter she had with Sanjou down in the lab, she didn't really want 
to confront the warrior.  Her
tail twitching some and rising off the couch, Ryoko grumbled and faded from 
view, leaving Aeka
downstairs with the two disgruntled supervisors.  She grinned nervously and 
made her way towards the
front door, Kamidake and Azaka floating through the air after her.
	"Well, that wasn't so hard, now was it?" Washuu grinned up to where Sanjou 
should be, but
highly surprised to see he wasn't.  Blinking, she looked over her shoulder 
to see him returning to his spot to
meditate.
	"Well, excuse me." Washuu mumbled and closed the sliding door, turning to 
return to her
computer, which was still floating in the air above the porch steps.  Sasami 
and Zynd, inside the den and
having witnessed the whole thing, looked to each and blinked.
	"Your dad is good."  Sasami said.
	"You should see him when he's really mad." Zynd replied, turning back to 
help clean with
Sasami.  Sasami just nodded and went back cleaning as well, looking back 
towards the clear sliding door
once more and watching Sanjou settle down to meditate.  Sasami shuddered, 
feeling as if she should
remember the man.  A soft sigh and she went back to cleaning, trying to rid 
herself of that strange feeling.

	"Awww, Dad! Would you quit doing that!?" Tenchi pleaded with his father, 
who was busy using
his charm with some young ladies Tenchi's age.  Since they'd been in Tokyo, 
Nobiyuki had been trying to
introduce Tenchi to some ladies, so as to widen his selection from space 
girls to earthly ones.  It's not the
girls were cute (which Tenchi knew they were), Tenchi just hated it when his 
dad did those things to him.
His grandfather, on the other hand, seemed slightly amused, just standing 
there, arms crossed across his
chest and looking around the crowded streets of Tokyo.
	"Oh come on, Tenchi.  I'm trying to help you out here." Nobiyuki explained, 
grinning from ear to
ear as Tenchi hung his head and felt uneasy.  The teenage girls giggled and 
went on their way, saying bye
to Tenchi as Nobiyuki began to offer their home phone number on Tenchi's 
behalf.  Once again, Tenchi
felt humiliated by his dad and he was useless to do anything about it.  `I 
can't believe him.  I'm gone from
the house for a few hours and already he's trying to get me a girlfriend.' 
Tenchi thought.  `I bet if Aeka
was here, she'd have fixed him.Ryoko, too.'  At this Tenchi chuckled to 
himself, causing both Yosho and
Nobiyuki to look at him, the latter smiling proudly.
	"That a boy, Tenchi! I knew you'd come around sooner or later!" Nobiyuki 
said, clasping his hand
upon Tenchi's shoulder.
	"Dad! I wasn't talking about that!"
	"Oh, be quiet, you two.  We're here to visit, not set up marriages." Yosho 
suddenly said, Nobiyuki
looking at his father-in-law and blinking.  Tenchi, blinking also, grinned 
up to his grandfather and nodded
his head.  "We'll do that when we get home." Yosho said, grinning wide as 
Tenchi dropped his head and
shoulders while Nobiyuki began laughing heartily.
	"Good one, Dad!" Nobiyuki said.
	"Ooh, come on.  Let's get this day over with before I die of 
embarrassment."  Tenchi finally
grumbled, marching forward, head hung in defeat as his father and 
grandfather followed after, grinning
broadly at the youngest Masaki.
	"I swear, If I survive this day." Tenchi started.
	"You'll what, Tenchi?  Embarrass us?" Yosho retorted while Nobiyuki was 
checking out a lovely
young lady that walked by the three.  Tenchi sighed and dropped further, 
Yosho grinning proudly and
chuckling some.  Yosho was really having fun ribbing the boy today, it 
seemed like a good idea to leave
home for the day.

	"What!?  No Tenchi!?" Ryoko exclaimed, eyes going wide at what Washuu just 
told her at the
lunch table.  Aeka giggled some at how unfortunate it was for Ryoko to be 
the last to know.  She was
relishing the very fact and moment and she would flaunt every second of it.  
Ryoko growled at Aeka, then
turned back to the Washuu, eye and veins twitching on her head.
	"Where'd he go, Washuu!?"  Ryoko demanded, glaring vehemently at her mother 
the mad
scientist.
	"Ah ah, little Ryoko, that's no way to address your mommy!" Washuu giggled 
out in her childish
voice, causing Ryoko to break her bad mood as Aeka continued giggling at the 
scene.  The others were
patiently eating their lunch, except for Mihoshi, who was trying to settle 
down everyone, causing tears
threatening to fall from her face.
	"Can we please calm down everyone?" Mihoshi pleaded on deaf ears.
	"That's it! I'm going to find my Tenchi!" Ryoko suddenly announced, her 
tail twitching as she
floated up from the lunch table, eyes rising up from lunches and 
conversations to watch her suddenly fall
short of levitating one foot.  Ryoko blinked and tried to strain further, 
but to no avail.
	"Hey what gives?"  Ryoko asked, looking at her mother.
	"I don't know.  Aeka?"  Washuu said, looking to Ayeka.
	"It's not me.  Sasami?"
	Sasami looked up and shrugged, looking to Zynd, who looked to Sanjou, who 
looked to Kiyone,
who looked to a pleading Mihoshi.
	"Mihoshi!?" Ryoko, Aeka, and Kiyone suddenly said towards the tanned 
blonde, who looked
confused as ever.
	"Uh, yes?" Mihoshi answered as the others showed their frustration with the 
girl.
	"Let me go, Mihoshi!" Ryoko demanded, hands perched upon her hips as she 
was suddenly forced
back down to carpet level.
	"Ummm, I'll try." Mihoshi suddenly said, dropping her sticks and closing 
her eyes.  Tightening
her hands into balls, she began to concentrate, trying to `release' Ryoko 
from her barrier problem.  After
several seconds, she opened her eyes and looked to Ryoko, smiling.  "All 
done!" she announced cheerily.
	Ryoko, grinning, tried to float once more, but failed.  Growling, she 
looked to Mihoshi.  Mihoshi,
not understanding, began to quiver as tears began to flow.  Visibly upset, 
Mihoshi began to apologize
profusely as the rest began chuckling.
	"What's a matter, Ryoko, stuck?" Aeka laughed, falling backwards as the 
rest blinked.  All
except for Washuu and Sanjou, both were sharing some private joke as the 
rest were utterly confused as to
what was happening to Ryoko.  Scowling to everyone, Ryoko reverted to 
finishing her lunch.  The others
returned also, Aeka having to calm down immensely before she could even hold 
her chopsticks to eat
straight.  In a sour mood the whole time, Ryoko swore to herself that she'd 
find out who did this to her and
get them back, not to mention getting Aeka back for laughing at her.  `Oh, 
Tenchi' she sighed to herself
mentally.   `You see what they do to prevent our love?'
	Once lunch was over, everyone began to relax, their morning chores 
finished.  Sanjou and Washuu
returned to the outside, the former to train while the latter would type 
away (and secretly record him) at her
computer.  Zynd and Sasami (with Ryo-Ohki) moved to clean the dishes and 
then dashed outside to play,
their usual routine.  Aeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Kiyone slinked off to the 
den, each settling down with
reading material and turning on the television to watch their soaps.  Kiyone 
seemed distracted, always
looking up from the television or her magazine to glance outside to  Sanjou 
training.  What was she to do
now?  She knew the Galaxy Police would want a report of the Vor warrior, 
because, well, that was her job.
But why did she feel that she shouldn't do so?  Sighing, she dropped her 
gaze from the warrior and went
back to watching the television.  It was thirty minutes later when the 
watches on Kiyone's and Mihoshi's
wrists went off, causing both to look at each other in alarm.
	"What is it Kiyone?" Aeka asked, looking up from the television.
	"I guess it is headquarters.  They may have a case for us."  Kiyone 
responded, rising from her seat
and rushing upstairs, Mihoshi following.
	"Oh, well then.  Have fun." Aeka said upon deaf ears as the two galaxy 
police officers rushed
upstairs and began to change into their uniforms.  Kiyone was the first one 
done and began to rush back
downstairs and out the door, leaving Mihoshi upstairs.  `Let's go, Mihoshi!' 
Kiyone screamed in her mind,
exiting the front door and rushing towards Yugami.  Had she been paying 
attention to the area
around her, she would have noticed Sanjou barreling at her at top speed.  He 
was busy training on the
grounds when he launched himself into the air, slicing at invisible enemies 
at his pleasure.  A scream was
heard and Sanjou opened his eyes, seeing Kiyone rising her hands over her 
head to ward off a blow.  With
quick thinking, Sanjou deactivated his blade and twisted in the air, trying 
his best to avoid the collision
with the smaller galaxy police officer.  But it wasn't enough and their 
bodies collided, both falling to the
ground, Sanjou twisting his body and grabbing Kiyone so he would absorb the 
ground contact.  A grunt and
a `ugh' from the two and they were both down, Kiyone falling atop the 
warrior, her head coming to rest
across Sanjou's bare chest.  A few moments of silence from the two and each 
opened their eyes, looking to
each other, faces crimsoning slightly.
	"Uh, sorry.  I didn't see you there."  Sanjou offered his apology, smiling 
down at the young
woman.
	"It's okay, I should've been watching where I was going." Kiyone offered, 
turning away from the
warrior's face and blushing more, not even moving from where she rested upon 
the man.  `Wow, he is
really buff and cute' Kiyone thought, a smile appearing upon her face.
	"Well, then I guess it's both our faults, then." Sanjou said, grinning some 
and scratching his
head while contemplating what the young woman was thinking.  It was then 
that the voice of Mihoshi
broke the awkward moment and Kiyone's smile.
	"Kiyone! What are -you- doing!?" Mihoshi said, rushing up to the two.  
Kiyone was about to
respond, but Ryoko and Washuu beat her to the punch.
	"Seems she's enjoying herself, right Washuu?"
	"Yep, and it looks like he is also!" Washuu chuckled, followed by Aeka's 
giggling.  Mihoshi,
taking this all as fact, clasped her hands together and looked at the two 
upon the ground.  Kiyone having
pushed herself off of Sanjou, slowly made her way to her feet, blushing the 
whole way.  Sanjou merely sat
up and blushed some as well, offering a wide grin and a shrug.
	"Kiyone!?  Are you and Mr. Sanjou dating!?" Mihoshi giggled, her eyes 
becoming wide with
excitement as she continued on.  "Just wait till everybody back at 
headquarters hears this!!"
	Kiyone turned red with anger, fists tightening in balls as everybody began 
laughing, except for her
and Sanjou, who had just rose to his feet and brushed off the dirt and grass 
off his sweaty body.
	"No, we're not!" Kiyone yelled at Mihoshi, who quieted down and blinked.  
"We just ran into
each other and fell! That's all!"
	"But the other's said." Mihoshi started.
	"Mihoshi, would you believe them if they said you were dating him!?"  
Kiyone snapped back.
	"Well, uh, yes, err, no, I mean, I don't know, maybe?" Mihoshi stuttered 
out, obviously confused
by the question.
	"Let's go, Mihoshi.  We're late as it is."  Kiyone grumbled, turning her 
back and storming off
towards Yugami, Mihoshi on her tail with a confused look.  Ryoko and Aeka 
had slipped
back off inside while Washuu trotted up to Sanjou, a wide grin upon her 
face.
	"Smooth one, aren't you?" Washuu said jokingly, elbowing Sanjou softly in 
the ribs.
	"What?  I didn't see her, like she said.  We collided." Sanjou snorted, 
grasping the sword in his
hand and reactivating the flaming yellow energy blade.  Washuu chuckled and 
smiled wide, walking back
to her computer to begin transmitting his data into it.
	"Of course, mighty Sanjou, of course."
	"Was that a cheap shot, Washuu?" Sanjou said, looking over to Washuu with 
an amused glare.
	"Whatever do you mean?" Washuu smiled as Sanjou laughed, the roars of 
Yugami's engines
drowning them out.  Turning up, he watched the galaxy police ship head out 
the atmosphere towards space.
Grinning to himself for a second, he shook his head and returned back to his 
training.

	"What's that?" Zynd said, pointing towards the sky.
	"That?  I think it's Kiyone's and Mihoshi's ship, Yugami" Sasami answered, 
looking up from
the small pond where Yosho's tree was situated in.
	"Meow Meow!" Ryo-Ohki mirrored reflectively, pouncing along the large rocks 
that led up the to
tree.  Zynd nodded, astonished by the sight.  He watched until the ship 
vanished into space, away from his
prying eyes.
	"Wow."
	"Yeah, I know.  Galaxy Police ships are kind of fun to be on."  Sasami 
said, looking up from
water to smile at Zynd.
	"I know, though Jurai ships are just as fun." Zynd offered, wading into the 
pool and watching as
the fish swam away quickly.
	"You've been on a ship of Jurai?" Sasami asked, astonishment showing on her 
face.
	"Yeah, when my dad was being brought before the Jurai Royal Court."  Zynd 
responded, eyes still
glued to the water as fish passed to and fro around his feet.  "He was 
making an announcement before the
Court and they sent a ship to transport him.  It was pretty cool.  All those 
trees and water on them, it was
like being on a moving planet."
	"Yeah, but it doesn't beat planets themselves." Sasami smiled, Ryo-Ohki 
meowing as she looked
to watch her reflection in the water become interrupted by a fish poking 
it's head up and spitting water at
the cabbit.  Ryo-Ohki fell backwards and blinked, shaking its fur free of 
the wetness.  Sasami saw this and
giggled, reaching a hand to ruffle the cabbit's fur, much to its delight.  
Zynd looked up and smiled, nodding
to young Juraiian princess.  There was no doubt about it, nothing could beat 
planetside beauty.

	"How about this, Tenchi?" Nobiyuki said, holding up a t-shirt for Tenchi to 
see as Grandfather
was in the background looking through the latest style of shrine priest 
jackets.  Tenchi walked up to his
father, looking at the t-shirt.
	"Well, it looks okay, Dad." Tenchi started, looking over the tee once more 
as Nobiyuki held it
before his son.
	"C'mon Tenchi!  It's the latest style this year!" Nobiyuki said, pushing it 
on his son like a
professional salesman.  "All the girls back home will fall in love with you 
over this!"
	Tenchi blushed and shook his head, annoyed by the fact his dad was doing 
that again.  "Dad,
would you stop doing that!"
	"What Tenchi?  I'm just waiting for the day for you to become a man and 
start a family of your
own." Nobiyuki protested, producing a proud grin and wrapping up his son in 
his arms as Grandfather
looked up from the jackets and watched the two.
	"Nobiyuki." Yosho started.  "Would you leave Tenchi alone."  Nobiyuki 
nodded slowly and let
Tenchi go, much to his own chagrin.  Tenchi sighed a brief of relief and 
wiped his brow.  `Man, Dad is
going to kill me with all this marriage stuff.' Tenchi thought, holding the 
tee in his hands and inspecting it
once more.  `Well, maybe -she- would like it on me.'
	"C'mon, you two, buy what you need and let's get going.  We can't miss the 
train back home."
Yosho said, turning from the jackets and heading to the front door of the 
store.  Although the priest jackets
were quite nice, he decided to go with his usual attire, finding it more 
comfortable than the latest brands.
	"Right, Dad!  I'm all done!" Nobiyuki said, following after Yosho, leaving 
Tenchi with the tee in
his hand.
	"I guess I will buy this then." Tenchi smiled to himself, holding the tee 
shirt and moving to the
cash register, laying it on the counter and paying for it when asked.  
"Yeah, I think she will like it."

	"Incoming message from Headquarters." The ship's computer announced, 
causing Kiyone to
switch on the message screen to see their Captain's face upon it.
	"First Class Detectives Kiyone and Mihoshi, we have received some unusual 
signatures from the
area you have been assigned to, is there anything you want to report?"  The 
captain asked as Kiyone and
Mihoshi saluted.
	"What kind of unusual signatures, Captain?" Kiyone asked while Mihoshi 
looked on.
	"Well, our computer doesn't really know, except for the fact that it's old 
and very powerful.  It's
shows up like a beacon for a few seconds than disappears.  All we know is 
that it originates upon the
surface of the planet Earth.  Is there anything new for you two to report?"  
The captain asked again, brows
raising as Kiyone and Mihoshi looked to each other.  Kiyone had an obvious 
clue as to who or what was
producing this energy.  But nobody was supposed to know that he was back in 
this universe.  Kiyone was
certainly in a quandary, so to speak.  Mihoshi, on the other hand, had no 
clue what was going, so she just
waited for Kiyone to answer before offering her own theory.
	"No sir, nothing new to report.  But we'll get to the bottom of this, 
Captain." Kiyone said.  Now it
was time for Mihoshi to add her theory.
	"Well, there is this one thing." Mishoshi began, only to be silenced by 
Kiyone clasping her hand
across the tan blonde's mouth.
	"What was that Mihoshi?  First Class Detective Kiyone, what are you 
doing!?"  The Captain
asked, his second question coming in bewilderment at the blue haired woman's 
action against her partner.
	"Ummm, nothing, sir, Mihoshi is just being Mihoshi." Kiyone offered as 
Mihoshi flashed a silly
expression and shrugged.  Kiyone turned herself and Mihoshi away from the 
viewscreen and uncovered
Mihoshi's mouth.
	"Mihoshi! What are you doing!?  Don't you remember what Sanjou and Washuu 
said!?" Kiyone
whispered, obviously angered by Mihoshi's actions.
	"But the captain said." Mihoshi started, making whimpering sounds as she 
threatened to cry
right there.
	"Yes, Mihoshi, I know.  But it wouldn't be smart."  Kiyone said, as the 
Captain began
demanding to know what they were talking about.  Both ignored him currently, 
settling on the issue at
hand.
	"Why is that?" Mihoshi asked, looking to Kiyone in confusion.
	"Never mind about that, Mihoshi.  Just do as I say."  Kiyone finally said, 
glaring at the blonde a
moment longer before turning back to the captain, a sweet look upon her 
face.
	"Well?" asked the Captain.  "What have you to say?"
	"Nothing, sir.  We'll be looking out for the signatures you've told us 
about."  Kiyone said,
Mihoshi nodding her head behind her.
	"Alright, then.  We've sent our findings to Jurai.  They've expressed some 
interest in this case.
So, once you've found anything, report back as soon as possible.  Captain 
out."
	"Yes, sir!" Kiyone and Mihoshi both said in unison, saluting the man before 
the view screen went
dead.  Once off, Kiyone shot a worried glance to Mihoshi.
	"Let's hurry and get back to Earth.  We have to tell the others about 
this." Kiyone said hurriedly,
moving to her chair and punching in the coordinates for home.  Mihoshi 
nodded and returned to her seat,
looking at the window as Yukinojo reversed course and headed back towards 
earth.  `This can only lead to
trouble if everybody finds out.' Kiyone thought as she settled back into 
chair and watched worriedly.

	"He is quite impressive at fighting, is he not, Miss Washuu?" Aeka asked as 
Ryoko, her, and
Washuu were all sitting outside on the wooden deck watching Sanjou training 
with the yellow energy flame
blade.  He was slicing and slashing through the air at unseen opponents, 
occasionally releasing energy to
attack those from a long distance.  Only these beams did not explode they 
merely faded away when they
got to a certain point.
	"Yes, very impressive, Aeka.  It seems he could be the best warrior in the 
universe."  Washuu
said, looking over the computer data that she was busy recording on the man.
	"He's not that impressive."  Ryoko said, a bored expression upon her as she 
watched.  "I bet I
could take him if I had all my gems with me."
	"That'd be a doubtful maybe, little Ryoko." Washuu said, causing both Aeka 
and Ryoko to give
her an astonished look.  Washuu looked at the data for another second before 
rising her head to look up at
the practicing warrior.  "From what I can tell, only one power could rival 
his.  And that's Tenchi."
	Aeka looked to Ryoko and then both looked to Sanjou, then back to Washuu.  
"But Tenchi has
the Light Hawk Wings in him."  Aeka said.
	"Yes, but Tenchi hasn't mastered it yet.  And until he does, he's no match 
for Sanjou." Washuu
explained, returning to the data that was being sent to her computer.
	"What about Tsunami?"  Ryoko asked, obviously reflecting Aeka's thoughts.
	"Well, she could probably hold her own."
	"Probably!?"  Ryoko and Aeka both said astonished.  How could anyone beat a 
goddess?
	"Yes, probably.  Though, from what I can understand about him, it would 
never come to that."
Washuu reassured the two, eyes always glued to the data.
	"But, you never know, Miss Washuu, he was my people's enemies."  Aeka said 
as Ryoko turned
to watch the warrior once more training.
	"Yes.  -was-, Princess Aeka.  He's obviously changed and you know this."
	"Yes, Miss Washuu, this I do know."
	"Besides, only Tsunami and him can give us the straight answers we seek."  
Washuu smiled,
looking up to watch the warrior some more.  Aeka nodded her head, then 
followed the rest of the gazes to
the man.  To them, he was truly an impressive sight to behold.  All three 
were just glad he was on their
side, for they knew it wouldn't be much of a chance if it was the either way 
around.  Just then, a gleam of
light was suddenly brought to their attention in the sky.  All three women 
and Sanjou paused and looked
up.
	"Well, well, Mihoshi and Kiyone are back." Washuu snickered, watching 
Yugami soar through
the blue sky towards its final destination.
	"I wonder what their hurry is." Aeka wondered aloud as the space vessel 
entered a black
opening, its parking portal, and disappeared from view.
	"Whatever it is, it must be important." Ryoko said, watching as the two 
galaxy police officers
suddenly appeared from a different black opening in a full sprint.
	"Yep.  Definitely something must be up." Joked Washuu, standing to her feet 
as did the rest.
Sanjou, noticing the sprinting officers, deactivated his blade and walked 
towards the other three, sweeping
down to grab his shirt and replace it over his bare torso.  Kiyone and 
Mihoshi ran up just as Sanjou made it
there, the formers obviously out of breath from their running.
	"We need to talk."  Kiyone said after she recovered her breath.  Aeka, 
Ryoko, Sanjou, and
Washuu all looked to each other with puzzlement, before turning back to 
Kiyone and Mihoshi.

	"And that's it." Kiyone ended, Mihoshi offering a firm nod to show that it 
was the truth.  Washuu
and the rest nodded to each other approvingly and turned back to Kiyone.
	"Well, well, won't this be interesting." Washuu grinned, offering a 
optimistic view of the
situation.
	"Yes, it will prove to be mostly.  I'm sure my people will want to 
investigate personally."  Aeka
said, nodding her head matter of factly.
	"Yes, well, maybe everyone deserves to know." Ryoko said nonchalantly, only 
to receive glares
from Washuu, Aeka, and Kiyone.  "What?"  Ryoko asked, confused from the 
situation.
	"You know well what would happen, Ryoko!" Aeka yelled to her, anger 
flushing her face.
	"Would you two just calm down, please?" Mihoshi persisted, trying to 
separate the two women
with no success.  Kiyone and Washuu moved over to where Sanjou had stood, 
looking up to see what he
would think about all this.  With his hand raised to tap at his chin, Sanjou 
bowed his head in thought, going
over the possible outcomes of such a meeting.
	"If you want my opinion." Sanjou began, Mihoshi beginning to cry as Ryoko 
and Aeka
continued their mindless banter at each other, almost going to blows.  "Then 
I believe once they get here,
we shall just have to wait and see."
	"Are you sure, Sanjou?" Washuu asked as Kiyone looked up to him with 
confusion on her face.
Why would he just `wait and see'?  It was time to react now and decide on a 
method.  I mean, Aeka was
right.  The Jurai had been through a bloody war with his people before and 
deathly afraid of him,
especially.  So why would he just act so calm?
	"Yes, quite sure.  If I wanted to attack them, what better target than the 
Jurai Royal family?"
Sanjou asked, causing Washuu and Kiyone to look back to the arguing Aeka.  
Kiyone looked at Washuu
and then back to Sanjou.  She understood now.  Had he really been here to 
harm any Juraiian, he would've
done so.  And then again, he wasn't from this timeline.
	"I see, most likely they'd just investigate the return.  Possibly send 
their Intelligence and Defense
Minister." Kiyone said, bowing her head in thought.
	"Which means." Washuu gulped and looked over towards Ryoko, Aeka, and 
Mihoshi, who had
paused in their fighting. Aeka and Ryoko gulped, knowing what this meant.
	"Mother and Auntie are coming soon."  Aeka said as Ryoko shuddered in 
horror.  Mihoshi just
smiled and clasped her hands together, excited by the news.
	"Oh no." Washuu said terrified as Sanjou and Kiyone blinked on in 
confusion.
	"Something we missed?" Sanjou said to the others as they seemed to have all 
color drained from
their faces, except for Mihoshi, who was too busy being excited for such a 
thing to happen.  Sanjou and
Kiyone looked to each and shrugged, not knowing what this meant.  Just then, 
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki burst
forth from the house, Zynd stumbling out behind them at a slower pace.
	"Look everyone! Tenchi's home!"  Sasami yelled out, rushing over to where 
Tenchi, Nobiyuki,
and Yosho had just passed by the two Juraiian Guardians.  Each was carrying 
a few bags of something they
bought while in Tokyo.
	"Hey Sasami! Ryo-Ohki!" Tenchi laughed back as Sasami wrapped her arms 
around his waist,
Ryo-Ohki wrapping his tiny paws around his ankle.  "I see you missed me."
	"Yes, we did, Tenchi!  But how was your day in Tokyo?" Sasami asked, her 
head still buried into
Tenchi's side as the rest of the gang came walking along the wooden water 
walkway towards the group.
	"It was fun, we all bought some stuff while we were there, plus some gifts 
for everybody, too."
Tenchi laughed some as Sasami unhooked herself from Tenchi.
	"Hello, Lord Tenchi." Aeka spoke, bowing her head to him.
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko purred out, about to float over to Tenchi, only to be held 
back by her tail by
Aeka.  "Hey! Let go, Princess!" she growled, as Aeka and her began their 
glaring contest.
	"Well, I'm glad some things never change." Tenchi remarked, shaking his 
head at the scene.
	"So how was everything?" Yosho asked Sanjou, moving up beside him.
	"Just another day at the Masaki house." Sanjou smirked, causing Yosho to 
chuckle as the two
walked away from the rest of the group.  Kiyone, Mihoshi, Nobiyuki, and 
Washuu followed afterwards,
followed by Ryo-Ohki, Sasami, Tenchi, and Zynd.  Aeka and Ryoko remained for 
awhile, growling and
glaring at each other until both realized that they'd been left behind.  
Blinking, they turned away from each
other and stood, before Aeka walked off back towards the house.  Ryoko 
floated up and faded, going to
the same place also.



This ends "What? No Tenchi?" as told by the Chatbastarde.  Tune in for 
future installments!

