Disclaimer: All characters and units related to the Tenchi Series are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer.  The
author owns Sanjou, Zynd, and Vor.  Names, places, persons identical to 
those in the story are purely
coincidental.  This series is essentially based off the first two Tenchi 
series (Muyo! and Universe), but more
from Muyo!  So please don't hassle me for inconsistencies or varying from 
stories.

Now, with the legal stuff out of the way, it's time to tell the story.

                                                                   
Unexpected News

	Sasami began to toss and turn in her sleep while Aeka slept comfortably a 
few feet away from
her.  Another vision from Tsunami had taken affect, this one much more 
encrypted than ever before.  But
one thing remained constant throughout the vision, the images of herself, 
Tsunami, Tenchi, Sanjou, Zynd, a fire being, and a blackness that caused her 
spine to shudder.  Not understanding the vision, Sasami could only get rid 
of it by waking up, sweat covering a majority of her body as she jerked up, 
Ryo-Ohki yawning and blinking her eyes up to young princess.
	"Meow?"
	"Oh, hey Ryo-Ohki." Sasami said tiredly, smiling and petting the cabbit 
while lying back down
on the bed.  "I just had the strangest dream is all."
	"Meow meow meow?"
	"No, I'll be alright.I just need to sleep some before sunrise." Yawning, 
Sasami looked to the
small cabbit and smiled, eyes fluttering close as she tried to settle down 
to sleep.  Ryo-Ohki `meowed' once
more and turned upon the bedding, trying to become comfortable before 
settling down to sleep.  Once Ryo-
Ohki was asleep, Sasami opened her eyes and sighed softly.  She wasn't 
really one to be worried over
Tsunami's visions, but this one seemed to especially worry her for it 
included the two everyone had only
known for a short time.  For some reason, she felt as if Tsunami had known 
about them for a long, long,
time.  `I just don't get what you're trying to tell me Tsunami.  How am I to 
proceed if you don't tell me?'
	With another tired sigh, Sasami slowly closed her eyes and drifted back off 
to sleep, worry and
confusion upon her face.  It would be four more hours till sunrise, so she 
needed to rest up before getting up
with Tenchi and Zynd to begin breakfast.

	"Morning Everyone." Ryoko said, yawning as she came down the stairs, while 
everyone was
settled around the breakfast table as Sasami and Zynd had placed the food 
upon the table.
	"Well, well, late night little Ryoko?" Washuu smirked in child-like manner, 
chuckling as the rest
looked on.
	"Yeah, yeah, whatever." Ryoko said, settling next to Tenchi and snaking 
herself around him,
much to Ayeka's annoyance.
	"Morning, Tenchi." She purred, tussling the hair of a groaning Tenchi.
	"Ryoko!  Stop it!"
	"Yes, you monster! Leave Lord Tenchi alone!" Aeka huffed, dropping her 
utensils and turning
red with anger at the mere sight.
	"What's a matter, Princess?  Jealous?"  Ryoko jested, still curled around 
Tenchi, who could only
do what he did morning after morning.  Take it and just hope he lived 
through it.
	"I am most certainly not!" Aeka protested, huffing once more.
	"Alright, you two." Yosho butted in after a sip of his morning tea.  The 
two fell instantly silent,
Ryoko unwinding herself from Tenchi and settling to eat, but not after 
sticking her tongue out at Aeka,
who fumed and clenched her fists tightly to restrain herself from hurting 
Ryoko.  Tenchi sighed in relief,
turning to Aeka with a big smile, attempting to calm her down.  Upon seeing 
this, Aeka blushed some,
calming down to return to her breakfast.
	`Another crisis averted.' Tenchi thought, sighing and returning to his 
food.  It wasn't ten minutes
into breakfast that the doorbell suddenly rang.  Everyone froze, slowly 
looking towards the front door area
and seeing two black spots falling across the sunlight.
	"Well, well.They're here."  Yosho remarked, calm and patient as ever.
	"Umm, who's here?" Mihoshi remarked, an audible groan heard from Ryoko 
right after.
	"Mihoshi." Kiyone grumbled, shaking her head.
	"Are you that clueless?" Ryoko almost screamed, jumping to her feet.
	"Huh?  What? I don't know.well." Mihoshi began, once more confused by the 
conversation as
she brought her chopsticks up to her mouth to chew on them.  The doorbell 
rang again.
	"So who's going to get the door?" Sanjou asked, looking to each of the four 
younger looking
women in the house.
	"Not me." Ryoko said, followed by Aeka's affirmation of not going also.  
Sasami raised to her
feet and was about to speak, when a voice was heard at the front door.
	"Grandma! Aunt Masake!  Hello!" Nobiuyuki said, having slid open the door 
and welcomed
Funaho and Masake with great big hugs, much to their surprise.  Funaho 
blinked while Masake returned the
hug, squeezing her arms tightly around the man's torso, causing him to grunt 
in pain some.
	"Aunt..Masake.too.tight." Nobiyuki huffed out, trying to make sure his 
breath didn't leave
him.
	"Little Nobiyuki!" Masake began, tears flowing from her face as she buried 
her head into the
man's chest and continued squeezing.  The rest in the dining room blinked 
and soon the table was empty,
dirty dishes and leftover food remaining.  Sasami was the first to reach the 
front door three, her pigtails
bouncing all over the place as she squealed in delight and spread her arms 
wide.
	"Mommy!"
	Masake blinked and removed her head from Nobiyuki's chest, her grip still 
tight around him.
Raising her head to peer over the man's shoulder, she spotted Sasami and 
promptly shoved Nobiyuki to the
side, causing him to smack right into the wall.
	"Sasami!"  Masake teared up, kneeling so she could hug her young daughter.
	"Mommy!" Sasami responded, becoming engulfed by her mother and latching 
onto her like
Masake had down to Nobiyuki, who was now unconscious on the floor nearby.  
Funaho, amused by the
sight, continued past the small reunion, offering a nod to her niece Aeka 
and the space pirate as they made
their way to Aunt Masake, the latter practically being dragged by the 
former.
	"If I'm going to suffer, so are you!" Aeka said, hand clenched around 
Ryoko's wrist like a clamp.
	"Anything but this, Aeka!  Come on!" Ryoko persisted, a tone close to fear 
resounding in her
voice as she tried her with all her might to pull away.
Walking the short distance down the hall to the large living room, Funaho 
turned the corner and
almost barreled into a small young boy, Ryo-Ohki sprawled out across his 
brown hair.  Blinking at the
sudden `meow' from the cabbit and a grin from the boy.  Funaho bowed her 
head and smiled, kneeling
down to take a closer look at such a boy. Who, to her, had some strange 
colored eyes.  Though, she paid it
no heed, not wanting to be rude.
	"Hello."  The boy said, bright smile on his face as he extended his hand to 
the Juraiian Queen.
	"Hello there.  And who might you be?"  Funaho responded in a cheerful 
voice, taking the small
boy's hand in hers and shaking it gently.
	"This here is Zynd."  Washuu suddenly said, appearing out of nowhere next 
to the boy, placing a
hand upon his shoulder as Zynd nodded after looking up to Washuu.  Funaho 
looked up to Washuu and
nodded, returning to the young man.
	"Zynd, such a lovely name.  I am Funaho."  She responded, using her hand to 
ruffle the small
cabbit that sat atop his head.  Ryo-Ohki meowed and tilted her head, 
offering a smile in greeting.
	"I know." Zynd replied as Washuu patted him on the shoulder.
	"You do?" Funaho said, blinking in surprise, then gazing up to Washuu, her 
expression showing
all the confusion she had within her.  Washuu just smiled at this and 
turned, Zynd still corralled to her to
body, and walked into the den.  Funaho, ever confused and surprised by the 
sudden action, rose to her feet
and entered into the den room.  In the background, Masake was squeezing the 
hell out of Ryoko and
Aeka, both tearing up from the lack of oxygen their bodies were receiving at 
the moment.
	Upon entering the room, Funaho paused and raised her head, look at what she 
before her.  Her son,
Yosho, was sitting upon one of the couches, wearing that costume as was 
normal.  Next to him sat her great
grandson, Tenchi, who was trying to look busy as to avoid (from she assumed) 
Masake's strong affections.
Than there was Mihoshi, settled upon the other couch, eyes focused on the 
television as it played some
morning cartoons.  Washuu and Zynd had taken up seat upon the floor, eyes 
drawn to the television as Ryo-
Ohki hopping off the young boy's head and hopping about till she found the 
Tenchi's lap, who could only
blink in surprise and pet the cabbit, much to its delight.  Than she noticed 
the other two new people she had
yet to meet.  A tall, blue-green haired twenty something woman sitting 
(quite close) next to a well built
twenty something man with a shaven head.  Just then, Masake's voice was 
heard asking as to the
whereabouts of her grand nephew and the galaxy police officer Mihoshi.  
Mihoshi, upon hearing her name,
perked up and rose to her feet, totally walking past Funaho without the 
slightest bit recognition, to whoever
had called her name.  Tenchi, on the other hand, gulped and reluctantly rose 
to his feet, turning to face what
he knew what was coming his way.  Walking up to Funaho, Tenchi smiled some 
and spoke.
	"Hello Great Grandmother."
	"Hello Tenchi." Funaho said, offering her great grandson a gentle hug, 
which he returned, and
shooing him off towards the awaiting Aunt Masake.  Tenchi sighed and entered 
the hallway, a grim look on
his face.
	"Hello Mother.  Nice to see you again."  Yosho spoke without even turning 
his head to gaze upon
his own mother.  A bit rude, but Yosho had this look on his face that only 
knew surprise and some pain.
	"Hello Yosho."  Funaho said, making her way around the end of the couch to 
take her spot where
Tenchi had previously sat.  Tenchi, on the other hand, was heard wailing as 
that Masake had wrapped her
arms around the boy's torso, sobbing about how Tenchi had grown since the 
last time she had seen him.
	"And how was your trip, Mother?" Yosho asked, turning his head slightly to 
regard the woman
next to him.
	"Quick.  To tell you the truth, son.  The Royal Court decided haste was 
needed for this mission."
Funaho answered, eyes having shifted to Washuu.  Funaho wanted to ask her if 
she knew anything about
the massive power they were sent to investigate.  For the Royal Court 
figured that it had something to do
with her.
	"Ahhh, I see, mother.  I just hope you remember the past quite well." Yosho 
remarked, "for it is
the clue to what you seek."
	"What do you mean, Yosho?" Funaho said, blinking and turning her head 
towards her costumed
son.  What did he mean by that?  And why had he used such a cryptic message? 
  Funaho pondered this over
as Masake, Sasami, Aeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and Tenchi entered the room.  
Masake, seeing Washuu and
three new faces, became so excited with joy that she just had to give them a 
hug.  Washuu, noticing Masake
hopped up to her feet and looked around, eager to get out of the horrible 
situation.
	"Well, since we are all here...we might as well let them know." Yosho 
announced, looking
towards Sanjou.  A nod from the Vor and he stood, clearing his throat as 
everyone else took their seats and
quieted down.  Masake blinked and sat on the arm of the chair, next to her 
nephew, and watched with a
curious look upon her face.
	"Queens of Jurai.  What Yosho has said is true.  That massive energy the 
Galaxy Police and you
have found is myself."  Sanjou stated, quite literally going straight to the 
point without having to beat
around the proverbial bush.  Masake and Funaho looked to each other for a 
second and then looked to
Washuu, who only nodded.
	"So what you are saying is that you are the source of this massive power 
that has the ability to
outclass even our greatest weapons?"  Funaho asked, Masake mirroring her 
question with a doubtful
expression.
	"In a nutshell, yes.  Though, your Light Hawk Wings and Tsunami are as---" 
Sanjou began, only
to be interrupted by Masake question.
	"And who are you for us to even believe such a thing?"
	"He's Sanjou.  `The Great Destroyer' ring a bell?" Washuu interjected, a 
smartass tone in her
voice.  Funaho blinked at the name, while Masake gasped lightly, her eyes 
going wide in horror.  Sanjou
could only smile some and raise his hand and give a little wave.
	"Y-y-y-ou?  B-b-but I thought you were dead?"  Masake said, eyes wide in 
terror as watched the
man.
	"He -is- dead." Washuu started. "Well, this timeline's Sanjou is dead.  
This, however, is a
different Sanjou from a different timeline.  And there." She pointed, smile 
on her face, "Is his son, Zynd."
Masake blinked and followed the pointing finger to the small boy on the 
floor.  Solid yellow eyes
peered up to the woman, a genuine smile upon his face.  Masake suddenly 
welled up, eyes growing big
with tears.
	"He's so cute." Masake stammered out, falling to her knees on the floor and 
hugging Zynd close
to her.
	"Ugh.  You're choking me." Zynd said aloud to Masake. Sasami, noticing her 
friend's
predicament, rushed up to Masake and tried to pull her off of him.  Ryo-Ohki 
meowed as well, pouncing
across laps to aid of the young Vor.
	"Uh, Queen Masake." Sanjou began, shuffling forward to help his son out 
from the clutches of
the woman's arms.  "Please, I'd like my son to grow up healthy."
	"Oh Zynd, you're so cute." Masake was saying while Zynd struggled in her 
grip.  Noticing that
Sanjou was coming to her and his words finally registering, she blinked and 
let go of the boy, an apologetic
look upon her face.  "Sorry."
	Zynd collapsed into the arms of Sasami, the former grabbing his chest and 
attempting to get his
breath back.  Sasami and Ryo-Ohki, concern on their face for their friend, 
tried to comfort him while the
rest looked on in some amusement.
	"Well, this should prove to be quite an interesting story to the Royal 
Court.  And especially,
Azusa." Funaho stated, eyes still locked on the warrior known as Sanjou.  
"I'm sure nothing good will
come of this."
	"Tenchi, why don't you take the rest and go outside to swim in the lake." 
Yosho stated, a
commanding presence in his voice. "The rest of us will entertain the 
Queens."
	"What!?" Aeka said, not wanting to be left out of the loop.
	"Eh, whatever." Ryoko stated, floating over to be beside Tenchi.
	"Yes, grandfather." Tenchi nodded, moving off to go upstairs and get 
changed.   Sasami helped
Zynd to his feet and followed after Tenchi, Zynd still groggy from the mega 
squeeze Masake had put on
him.  Aeka sighed and begrudgingly went, but only after her mother's icy 
glare forced her to.  Ryoko
faded from view while Mihoshi sat there, unsure if she wanted to stay or go 
with the rest.
	"Kiyone?  What should we do?"  Mihoshi asked, watching as Ayeka disappeared 
to move up the
stairs.
	"I'm staying right here.  As a Galaxy Police Officer, it's my duty." Kiyone 
said, ignoring any
looks from the rest who might want to be rid of her.  Mihoshi blinked and 
nodded her head, now certain of
what she had to do.  Moving around the edge of the couch, Mihoshi planted 
herself beside Kiyone and
waited quietly for the next several minutes while Tenchi and the rest, clad 
in their bathing suits, exited
outside.

	"So are we agreed, then?" Washuu chimed after the discussion ended not but 
ten minutes later.  It
wasn't that important of a discussion, they just needed to see if they 
should either protect the secret of
Sanjou's re-arrival into this universe or let all parties involved.  On the 
one hand, The Juraiians believed
they should be aware of his presence, because of their past with him, while 
the Galaxy Police believed they
should know he has returned, so as to reactivate his citizen file back at 
headquarters (since they are Police
and neutral in wars).  And then there was Yosho's idea of just being left 
alone or let him presumed dead,
like he had been for over seven hundred years.  But once Yosho caught the 
icy and un-too-pleasant glares
from his mother and Aunt, he politely fell quiet.
	"We concur." Funaho stated, hands folded within her robes as she nodded her 
agreement,
Masake mirroring with a nod of her own.
	"Works for us, though there is one snag." Kiyone said.
	"One snag?" Washuu said, eyebrow raised in question at the blue-green 
haired Galaxy
Policewoman.
	"Yeah, to reactivate his file, he'll have to make a trip to Headquarters 
for proof of return.  Then
there is the matter of getting a file for Zynd."  Kiyone explained in the 
simplest words, though everybody
knew the regulations of the Galaxy Police.  Sanjou, ever the patient and 
quiet listening warrior, hadn't
raised his head from thought until the word `Zynd' came into play.
	"Sanjou?  What is it?" Washuu said, noticing the man's sudden movement at 
his son's name.
	"Huh?  Oh, nothing.  I'm just trying to recall Galaxy Police regulations is 
all." Sanjou spoke,
shaking his head and bowing it once more.  "I must do what must be done...as 
to ensure peaceful
intentions.  If the Queens wish for me to present myself and my son's 
presence before the Royal Court and
the Emperor, I shall."
	Everyone blinked and widened their eyes at this.  Was everyone hearing what 
they thought they
were hearing?  Did Sanjou just say he'd go to the Jurai Royal Courts and 
present himself?  Astonished
beyond belief, everyone just looked to Masake and Funaho, who were just as 
surprised as anyone else.
	"It would alleviate fears of your return.as well as be an honor.  For it 
has been thousands of
years since a Vor has been seen."  Masake said, due to the fact that Funaho 
was human and didn't have
much knowledge attaining to the past of Jurai.
	"Than I shall do so." Sanjou said, head still bowed in thought as the rest 
nodded their feelings,
except for Yosho.  Somehow, he had this feeling something wasn't to be right 
with a Vor on Jurai.  `I just
hope, friend Sanjou, you know how my father will react.'
	"In fact, let's make it a family trip!" Washuu butted in with child-like 
manner.  "After all, from
what Sanjou has told me about his timeline, I'm little Zynd's godmother!"
	Sanjou cringed at this news and looked to Washuu, as everyone else was 
floored by the news.
Once the rest recovered their senses, they all looked to Sanjou with 
disbelief in their eyes.  Was Little
Washuu really Zynd's godmother?  Sanjou, looking up and seeing their looks, 
could only smile and nod his
head.  "Well, I had to keep an eye on her somehow."
	Washuu frowned at this sentiment while the rest began to laugh.  Outside, 
Ryoko and Aeka
looked up from their sunbathing on the dock, having heard the laughing.
	"I wonder what's so funny?"  Aeka said.
	Ryoko smirked and looked to Aeka.  "Seems Washuu got put in her place."
	"Huh?  What do you mean?"
	"Nothing, princess.nothing." Ryoko grinned and returned to her sunbathing, 
leaving Aeka to
ponder over what just happened.  A gentle shrug and she lay back down also, 
letting the sun wash over her
body.

	Lunchtime had arrived and with the two new visitors, Yosho had decided that 
everyone should eat
outside, since the table inside was way to small to accommodate the large 
amount of people they had now.
Sasami, with the help of Zynd, Ryo-Ohki, and her mother, Masake, began to 
make an extravagantly large
lunch while Tenchi, Sanjou, and Nobiyuki began to place tables outside on 
the dock with the help of
Washuu's new invention that produced tables from nothing.  Soon, they had 
two large tables, just enough
for 13 people and one cabbit.  Placing each end to end and aligning the 
benches the same way, the three
men and one woman stood back and admired their handiwork.
	"It'll be good change from sitting on the floor." Sanjou remarked, causing 
chuckles from the rest
beside him.
	"Yeah, you think we'd be able to afford some inside."  Nobiyuki said to 
another round of
chuckles.
	"Well, you know how Grandpa is." Tenchi said, beginning to laugh, only it 
was all by himself.
The rest had noticed Yosho standing outside upon the step to the inside.  
Tenchi paused in his laugh and
looked around, wondering why he was the only one laughing.
	"How am I exactly, Tenchi?" Grandpa remarked as Tenchi froze in surprise.
	"Thanks guys for telling me." Tenchi mumbled to Sanjou, Nobiyuki, and 
Washuu, who only
grinned at the young boy.  "Uh, it was a joke, Grandpa, honest."
	"Tenchi." Grandpa continued on, displease in his voice.  Tenchi dropped his 
head and perspired
some, embarrassed slightly.  The rest just snickered behind Tenchi's back, 
causing him to look back and
glare at them.  Soon enough, the sliding door opened and out stepped Funaho, 
Aeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and
Kiyone, each carrying some dishes in their arms.  Each laid out places for 
the 14 beings that were going to
be eating at the table for lunch.  More than once, Mihoshi had placed an 
extra spoon or fork at a certain
place, only to be corrected by a closely following Kiyone, who had taken it 
upon herself to do so.  Someone
was bound to complain about how they got an extra utensil and not one of 
another if she hadn't done so, so
Kiyone decided it was best for everyone if she corrected the small mistakes. 
  Tea was brought out in jugs
and placed out upon the table for everyone to enjoy.   One by one, everyone 
began to take their place at the
large table, Yosho taking the head of the table while Tenchi took the foot.  
Sasami, Zynd, and Masake filed
out the sliding door, followed by a carrot strapped Ryo-Ohki, bowls and hot 
platters of food in their arms as
the rest of the group arose in cheer, grateful for their assistance and 
willingness to feed them all.  Once the
food was placed down, everyone began to dig in and not soon after, a tea 
sipping Yosho announced the
main topic.
	"Well, for those you who were outside earlier, the rest of us have an 
announcement." Yosho began
as the others paused in their eating.
	"What kind of announcement, Brother?" Aeka asked with genuine wonder.
	"It's probably just about sending you back to Jurai, Princess." Ryoko 
snickered, waggling her
tongue at the princess.
	"Oh shut up, Miss Ryoko!" Aeka spat back, eye twitching and anger seething 
in her voice.
	"Or what, Princess?" Ryoko snapped back, rising to her feet and throwing 
out in her fist in a
threatening manner.  Aeka stood also, growling as electricity suddenly began 
bridging itself between the
two's eyes.  In the background, Tenchi's eyes went wide in fear and he fell 
backwards to the ground as the
rest of the group simply groaned and began to move their food.  That is, 
until Masake and Funaho looked to
each and called out.
	"Kamidake! Azaka!" They said in unison as the two Juraiian Guardians seemed 
to pop out of
nowhere and contain the two in separate force fields.  Upon doing so, the 
two blinked in surprise at their
new predicament.
	"Azaka! I command you to put me down!" Aeka said out in anger.
	"I'm sorry princess, but the Queens." Azaka apologized profusely, though 
Aeka was having
none of it.  That is, until she saw her mother's glare.
	"Hmmph." Aeka mumbled out, sitting down and turning her head up as Ryoko 
snickered at her.
	"Alright, Yosho, you may proceed." Funaho said as everyone breathed a 
collective sigh of relief,
Tenchi getting up from the ground and retaking his seat.  Now he was 
slightly peeved, his new shirt he
bought while in Tokyo a bit dirty from the fall.  `and I was wearing it for 
her.  Oh, why do I bother?'
	"Thanks, Aunt Masake." Yosho said, nodding his thanks and clearing his 
throat to proceed. "In a
manner of speaking, Ryoko was right.  But not completely, we're -all- taking 
a trip to Jurai."
Aeka, Sasami, Zynd, and Tenchi blinked while Ryoko just dropped her jaw and 
stared in
disbelief.  They're all taking a trip to Jurai?  Sasami broke out in joy, 
excited about seeing her home once
more.  Tenchi just had this look of `really?' upon his face as Aeka sighed 
some, not really wanting to go
as much as her younger sister.  Ryoko just stared, speechless and horrified 
at having to go back to Jurai.
	"Well, by all of your expressions, I can assume you're all overjoyed to be 
going." Yosho smirked,
sitting back down at the table and sipping his tea.
	"When are we leaving, Grandpa?" Tenchi found himself saying, after 
gathering his senses from
the initial shock.
	"A week from now, The Queens wish to spend some time with us." Yosho 
responded between
sips of tea.  Tenchi nodded as Aeka and Ryoko were freed from their prisons 
and returned to their seats,
Azaka and Kamidake settling down to take stand beside each of them, in case 
they made anymore trouble.
The initial shock passed, everyone began to settle and go about finishing 
their lunch, some in silence, some
in conversation, but this was known, it wasn't like it usually was.  
Obviously, this unexpected news caused changes in the usual demeanor.

	Around two in the afternoon, when lunch had been finished and the tables 
cleared of food and dishes, everyone began to go their seperate ways for the 
rest of the day till dinner, lounging around the grounds of the Masaki house 
and shrine.  Washuu retreated to her lab, more than once trying to get 
Sanjou and Tenchi to go down there so she could get some  specimens, but to 
no avail, the former quickly yanking the latter outside for training, Yosho 
outside waiting for the two.  Funaho and Masake found themselves watching 
soap operas in the living room, courtesy of Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, and 
Kiyone.  Nobiyuki, having been called into the office once more, grumbled 
and had changed, leaving the grounds and heading for the bus stop.  This 
left Sasami and Zynd, along with Ryo-Ohki to themselves, so they decided to 
venture through the woods.
	"So where, exactly, are we going, Sasami?" Zynd asked, those solid yellow 
eyes glancing around at the colored leaves of the trees in the forest.
	"You'll see...it's not that far ahead." Sasami giggled, beginning to 
quicken her step to a run while calling over her shoulder to the boy.  "Last 
one there is a rotten egg!"
	Zynd blinked at this, watching as Sasami took off into a full sprint, 
quickly leaving him behind with Ryo-Ohki.  Then Ryo-Ohki, having heard the 
challenge, took off as well, leaving Zynd alone to ponder over what a 
'rotten egg' was.  Realizing, he might be this 'rotten egg', Zynd quickly 
took off into a sprint.  "Hey! No fair!  You had a head start!"
	The three raced, Sasami giggling madly, Ryo-Ohki meowing like a cat in 
heat, while Zynd growled playfully at being last.  Sasami reached the 
'place' first, a cliff overlooking a sea of green forest below, chimed with 
bird's singing and forest ilk playing.  Whirling around so fast, her long 
teal ponytails whipped about in the air, pink eyes and smile awaiting the 
oncoming Zynd as Ryo-Ohki pranced up beside her, meowing out of breath some. 
  However, this scene to Zynd was much, much different.  Instead of Sasami 
turning around fast, she turned around extremely slowly, as if the world 
itself slowed time for just that moment.  The spinning of her teal pigtails, 
the slow blinking of her pink eyes, the beautiful smile she wore, those cute 
freckles seen in the sunlight overheard.  Zynd had paused in his running, 
simply awed by what he had seen before him, Princess Sasami was really cute!
	"What's a matter, Zynd?" Sasami asked, tilting her head as the Vor paused 
in his running, merely staring at her for some reason.  "Do I have something 
on me?" She said quickly, checking her face and arms in case there -was- 
something on her.
	Zynd shook his head, her voice having brought him from his trance.  A quick 
trot to where she stood and he blushed some, still embarassed for staring at 
her.  "No, it's nothing..."
	"Oh! well, come take a look!" Sasami giggled, taking his arm and turning to 
look out over the breath-taking view that sprawled out before them.  Zynd, 
unused to a girl wrapping their arms around his own, stiffened some at the 
initial contact, but relaxed once she focused on the view before them.  
Thankfully, she hadn't noticed him stiffen, or she might've ask what was 
wrong with him.
	"Woooow..." Zynd said somewhat awkwardly, glad to have the attraction of 
the scene take his mind off the present situation.  Once again, Sasami 
hadn't noticed his awkwardness, still transfixed on the view before them 
both.  'Thank goodness for the beauty of Japan' Zynd thought, a smile 
growing to his face as the two watched in silence for a bit.

	"Tenchi! Defend yourself!" Sanjou yelled, the yellow flame blade of the 
Vor's sword activating as he lunged at the Juraiian Crown Prince.  Tenchi, 
ever on the guard, activated his own blue energy blade, thrusting it up as 
Sanjou landed to his feet, the sound of two energy's cackling in the 
afternoon air.  With a quick thrust, Tenchi forced Sanjou back, readjusting 
his positioning before springing a counter attack on the warrior Vor.  
However, the repositioning was too slow, for as Tenchi leaped at the Vor, 
Sanjou had quickly moved out of the way, Tenchi blinking in surprise as he 
struck at nothing, save the ground, which seemed to crack some as the blue 
energy blade bit into the ground.  And if that hadn't been bad enough, 
Sanjou slid his own yellow blade underneath Tenchi's chin, the heat upon it 
causing Tenchi to sweat some as he gulped slightly.
	"You're dead." Sanjou smirked and deactivated the blade, much to Tenchi's 
relief.  Deactivating his own bluish blade, Tenchi scratched his head, 
cracking a smile.
	"Nice move, Sanjou..." Tenchi quickly offered, turning to face the Vor, who 
had already turned and refaced the young boy.
	"Indeed.  Because you took too long to reposition yourself.  It allowed me 
to read you and know what you were going to do next." Sanjou stated, 
pointing out the flaws in the boy's technique, much to Tenchi's chagrin.  
Yosho, watching the whole time, just smiled and nodded his agreement.
	"I was just thinking...if I could just posit---" Tenchi began, finding 
himself caught off by Sanjou.
	"In battle, there is little time to think, you must process and react 
quickly." Sanjou retorted, arms finding themselves crossed across his 
barrelled chest, as though he were lecturing the young boy.
	Tenchi nodded, listening to the words and thinking to himself, 'Damn, he's 
a tougher trainer than grandpa.'
	"Now, shall we try it again?" Sanjou said, arms uncrossed and yellowish 
blade reactivating quickly.  Tenchi nodded softly, extending his own sword 
and activating the bluish blade as Sanjou came rushing at him once again.

	"Zynd...can I tell you something?" Sasami asked, turning her head to face 
the brown haired boy beside her, pink eyes in wide in worry.  Zynd turned 
his head and looked at her, yellow eyes blinking in surprise.  Slowly, he 
nodded his head, having noticed the worry in her eyes, he shouldn't be one 
to refuse.
	"Well, I had this vision last night...and it was extremely confusing.  I 
was thinking you might be able to help me out with it..." Sasami began, 
releasing her arm from around his and turning to face the green forest and 
view once more.  Without even waiting for Zynd to respond, she continued.
	"There was this thing coming after me, I couldn't tell what it was.  I just 
know it was creepy and very scary...and it was black.  So thick and black 
that it could've blotted out the sun.  And then I ran into Tsunami and 
Tenchi, and they couldn't help me, so Tsunami took my hand and we all ran as 
this blackness continued on after us...I could feel it trying to entangle us 
within itself.  Then we ran into you, your father, and some strange being 
made of fire...or it seemed like it was fire.  Tsunami seemed to know the 
being made of fire, but I couldn't tell how.  I think she didn't want to 
tell me.  But that's not the weird part, when I turned around to see if the 
blackness wasn't there anymore.  It was if it had disappeared once we joined 
up with you...but I could still feel it...watching us from afar.  It was 
truly weird, indeed."  Sasami ended, turning her head back to Zynd with 
confusion in eyes as she watched the boy's thoughtful expression light up.  
In truth, he didn't know what any of that meant, except that whatever it was 
obviously didn't appreciate them being together.  And who was this fire 
being she mentioned?  He'd never seen him before, but obviously, it knew him 
and his father.  It was quite strange, indeed, and a real mystery to him.
	"I don't know, to tell you the truth Sasami, but I think it could be of 
something to come.  Maybe we should tell the others..." Zynd thoughtfully 
proposed, head bowing as he raised his hand to grasp at his chin, something 
he'd seen his father do alot when he thought on such things.  Sasami nodded 
slowly, but sighed, causing Zynd to look up, curiousity in his eyes.  
"What's the matter?"
	"It's nothing...I just think everyone would laugh at me or something..." 
Sasami said, hanging her head as another sigh erupted from her lips.  She 
was totally alone in this situation, though the meowing and purring of 
Ryo-Ohki against her leg did some to ease her.  Then, she felt an arm wrap 
around her shoulders, causing her to look up and see the smile upon Zynd's 
face.
	"Don't worry, Sasami...I'll be by your side if you decide to do...that's a 
promise." Zynd found himself saying,  that bright smile making Sasami's day, 
as she suddenly turned and wrapped her arms around the boy's torso, hugging 
him closely.
	"Thank you, Zynd..." she said softly holding that hug as his own arms 
wrapped around her, his face crimsoning at the scene.

	Meanwhile, in the deep recesses of space, where an eternal blackness once 
thought long destroyed,
a single being watched this all day procession going on, a devious, dark 
smirk upon its face.
	"So, `The Great Destroyer' has returned?  And aligned himself with those 
who destroyed Kagato
and made a fool out of Lady Tokimi.  This is quite the unexpected news." The 
dark voice said aloud, no one around to hear what it had to say.
	"Interesting, to say the least.  But with both of those powers together, 
it's time to make my
move." The voice began to chuckle, a dark ominous chuckle that would send a 
shudder up the goddess
Tsunami's spine.


This ends "Unexpected News" as told by the Chatbastarde.  Tune in for future 
installments!
