DISCLAIMER: THE CHARACTERS HEREIN ARE NOT MY CREATION NOR WILL THEY BE MY 
CREATION NO MATTER HOW MUCH I WISH IT; THEY ARE, HOWEVER, THE CREATION Masaki 
Kajishima.  I ALSO DO NOT OWN THE CHARACTERS HEREIN, AND REGRADLES OF THE EXTENT 
OF MY DESIRE THAT THEY WERE MY PROPERTY, I HAVE A BETTER CHANCE OF GETTING 
STRUCK BY LIGHTINING, THREE TIMES IN THE SAME HOUR WHILE I'M STANDING IN A DITCH 
WEARING A RUBBER WETSUIT AND AM CROUCHING IN A PHETAL POSITION, THAN I DO OF 
PIONEER/AIC, WHOM ARE THE LEGAL OWNERS OF THE AFOREMENTIONED CHARACTERS, GIVING 
THEM TO ME.
THE Ferrari F50 IS A LEGAL TRADEMARK OF Scuderia Ferrari Marlboro ALL RIGHTS 
RESERVED.
FRUIT OF THE LOOM IS A LEGAL TRADEMARK OF Fruit of The Loom, Ltd. ALL RIGHTS 
RESERVED.
THE STORY OF "Tenchi USA" AND ANY THING WITHIN THE STORY THAT HAS NOT BEEN 
PREVIOUSLY PRESENTED ELSEWHERE IS MY IDEA IS MY CREATION AND MY LEGAL PROPERTY.  
DON'T DO ANYTHING TO IT WITHOUT MY PERMISSION.

COPYRIGHT (c) 2001
_______                      _ _  _ _  ____    ____
|   |   |_    _   __  | _  *   |    |  /    \  /    \
    |  /__\ |/ \ /  \ |/ \ |   |    |  \____   |____|
    |  |    |  | |    |  | |   |    |       \  |    |
   _|_ \__/ |  | \__/ |  | |   \____/\*\____/*_|_  _|_*

 ____                    .      // ___                       ____               \\
 |   \  __     _   |    /|          |      *  _   | _   |    |  /  __    _   __
 |   | /  \  |/ \ -+-    |  ---     |      | / \| |/ \ -+-     /  /  \ |/ \ /__\
 |___/ |  |  |     |     |          |      | |  | |  |  |     /   |  | |  | |
_|_    \__/\ |     |    _|_        _|____| | \__| |  |  |    /__| \__/ |  | \__/
                                                |
 ____                                   __   \__/
/    \ | _   __     _  _|_  __    _    /  \
|      |/ \ /  \  |/ \  |  /__\ |/ \   |--<
|      |  | |  |  |  |  |  |    |      |   \
\____/ |  | \__/\ |__/  |  \__/ |      |\__/
Tenchi USA        |                    (Beta)
Part 1 - Light Zone                    |
Chapter Beta      |

"The stones that Critics hurl with Harsh Intent
A Man may use to build a Monument."
								--Arthur Guiterman

		Scientist's Dilemma

	The owner/designer/builder of the Soja II was sitting in the ship's lab.  
The task that currently occupied the majority of her thought was what to do 
regarding Ryoko's immense life span.  She did not want her daughter to go 
through some of the things she had gone through in her long lifetime.  
	She knew that she could do it.  The question was not whether or not she 
COULD do it.  The question was whether or not her daughter wanted her to do it.  
If she knew her daughter--which she did--she would want to have the long life 
span just to break a record or something similarly pointless--at least Washu 
thought it was pointless.  The "it" in question was reducing Ryoko's life span 
to about 65,000-years.  
	It would not be a difficult task for the genius.  The main thing that was 
troubling her was whether or not to ask Ryoko for permission to inject her with 
the proper chemicals or to surprise her with it.  If she asked Ryoko what she 
wanted, Ryoko would choose not to allow her mother to do the procedure and end 
up having what Washu thought would be a horrible life for it.  If she did it 
without asking and if Ryoko somehow discovered what she had done--which somehow 
the scientist knew she would--she would hate her forever for it and never speak 
to her again.  And Washu did not know if she was willing to ruin the rest of her 
own life by permanently destroying a bridge that had taken almost a hundred 
years to build between her and her daughter just to better the life of her 
daughter.
	"Ahh!" Washu yelled out in frustration.  She needed something to give her 
mind a break from such depressing thoughts.  She looked around her lab for 
something to do.  Her eyes came to rest on the test platform she had used on 
Tenchi about an hour ago.  
	"Hmm..." she thought audibly.
	Immediately she pulled out her holographic laptop and began examining the 
data she had collected on Tenchi.  After scanning through it for a few seconds, 
she stumbled upon something rather interesting.  I wonder what these are... 
thought the redhead.  After leaning in closer to examine the data on her screen, 
she instantly made a connection, which lead to another connection and another 
and another and so forth.
	Her hand flew with lightning speed to press a button on her holo-top.  She 
spoke into her holo-top's built-in microphone, "I see Tenchi's out of shape..."

		Gems

	"Hello, Tenchi, Ryoko," greeted Washu as they entered her mini-lab on 
board her massive space vessel, the Soja II.
	"Hey there, Little Washu," Tenchi returned her greeting.
	"Hi, mom," Ryoko said.  
	"So, Little Washu, you said you have something to help me get in shape?" 
asked the young man as his sword-fighting instructor stood patiently to his 
side.
	After a few seconds of typing on her holotop, the scientist spoke up, 
"Yes, I do."
	"Really!  Will I have to do any weight lifting or anything like that?" he 
asked.
	"...Well... no, not really.  But, it will be extremely painful.  I promise 
you, though, that after the procedure is completed, you will never have to work 
out ever again."
	The swordsman in training did not have to reflect over Washu's offer for 
even a second in order to come to a decision.  "Okay," he said rapid and 
unhesitatingly.  
	For all his life, Tenchi had hated working out or doing any kind of heavy 
lifting or any number of similar difficult jobs.  This was just the type of 
thing he had wanted his entire life: a way to get in shape without doing work.  
That and something "more" had influenced his decision.
	"That's it?" asked Ryoko.  "Don't you even want to know what she's going 
to do to you?"
	"No, I'm willing to believe Little Washu when she says it'll be worth it 
in the end.  I mean, she did do a great job with my sword training."
	Ryoko nodded her agreement.  It wouldn't do her any good to argue.  
Tenchi's tone made him seem very set on this.  And whatever his motives were, 
she wasn't even going to consider trying to talk him out of it.  Furthermore, 
there was a strange nagging in the back of her mind, something almost 
supernatural that was compelling her to believe that this was supposed to 
happen.  It was almost as if some unknown deity had preordained it.
	"Besides!"  Washu boasted, "I am the number one scientific genius in the 
universe!"
	"Haha," chided Tenchi as they began walking deeper into her lab, "I'm 
almost beginning to believe you on that one, Little Washu.  I'm still not sure 
whether that's a good thing or a bad thing, though."
	Washu and Ryoko both chuckled lightly in response.
	The scientist led them to an extremely large metal door.  It was almost 
twenty feet tall and wide.  At its center, within Washu's reach, was a small 
numeric keypad.  Tenchi watched over her shoulder as she punched in the 
sequence, pressing an "enter" key between each number, 14-21-13-2-5-18-0-1-0-19-
3-9-5-14-20-9-19-20-0-9-14-0-20-8-5-0-21-14-9-22-5-18-19-5.
	"Well, that's predictable," said Tenchi in a monotone.
	"Is it now?" asked Washu with no hint of concern for her top-secret 
password.
	"Hehe," laughed the earthling high school student.  "That code, if you 
change the numbers--except the first number one--to their respective letters in 
the alphabet with the zeros being spaces, it spells out 'number 1 scientist in 
the universe'."
	"Doesn't need to be any more difficult than that," said Washu as the 
gigantic door opened with an audible pneumatic hiss, revealing itself to be 
almost four feet think.  Behind this door was another slightly smaller door with 
a retinal scanner of to its side.  Washu also opened this door.  Behind it was 
yet another, this one with a palm print identification scanner.  Behind which 
were several more doors each one becoming progressively smaller.  The multitude 
of doors reminded Tenchi of a Russian babushka doll, you open the top and 
there's just a smaller one inside, inside of which was yet another smaller one 
and so forth.  Washu continued opening doors until she came to a tiny six-inch 
by six-inch door at her eye level.  
	When the six-inch square door opened the lab's lighting seemed to dim 
considerably.  Inside this door was... well... nothing, just pitch-black 
darkness.
	"Um, Washu?  What's in there?" asked Tenchi.
	"A quantum singularity."
	"A what?"
	"A black hole."
	"A... a... a black hole!  Washu, you can't be serious!"
	"Yes, I'm perfectly serious," she stated matter-of-factly.  "Don't worry, 
it's in a containment field."
	She allowed a small, automated syringe by the side of the 6-inch door to 
extract some of her blood and compare her DNA to the genetic code held in the
seemingly overprotective safe's super computer data bank.
	"Neutralization of quantum singularity commencing," announced a 
computerized voice.  The light slowly started to return to the mini-lab.  The 
voice spoke again, when all of the lighting had returned, "Neutralization, 
complete.  Gravity containment field power shutting down."
	The black hole was gone and all that remain inside the safe were no more 
than three small, spherical, turquoise gems, all of them approximately three 
eighths of an inch in diameter.
	"All that for just those three gems?" asked Tenchi in a critical tone.
Ryoko agreed with Tenchi, "Yeah, isn't that a little much?"
	"No, not for these.  They can't be created and they can't be destroyed, 
you see, that's how I was able to store them inside the singularity," explained 
Washu.  "They are the only ones in either of the universes.  These three gems, 
Tenchi, hold more power than you could ever dream of imagining.  I've tried in 
the past to access this power.  The first time was to use the power for the 
original Soja's weapons systems, before I upgraded its engines and renamed it 
'Soja II.'  The second time was when I was creating Ryoko.  I was going to 
attempt to make her be able to access the power of the gems directly and, 
therefore, make her be able to access unfathomable energies to use with her 
abilities.  That failed when..." Washu paused and gave an apologetic nod to 
Ryoko.  "...When Ryoko-mindless-prototypes one, two, and three all exploded in 
flames when they attempted to access the gems.  But something...something 
almost...divine, tells me that it will work with Tenchi.  
	"Furthermore, I examined the test data on Tenchi's bone structure and 
organ placement.  He has three more bones than the average humanoid.  Each of 
these bones is like a small...socket, where something is supposed to be 
inserted.  He has one at the based of his neck, and one in each of his wrists.  
And, guess what.  These 'sockets' are all the exact same size and shape as these 
gems."  She held up the gems, "It's almost as if you were fated to use these 
things."  
	"Are you sure that this is safe?" asked Ryoko.
	"Well...to tell you the truth, I'm only 98% certain that it won't hurt 
him."  What Washu didn't say was that ninety-eight percent certainty was 
uncommonly low for her.  "That is why I am only going to give him one of these 
gems for now.  I am 100 percent that just one gem won't do any damage to him 
that I can't fix."
	Washu looked at Tenchi.  "Tenchi, the nature of this operation prevents 
me from being able to use any kinds of sedatives or pain killers, it's going to 
hurt a lot.  If you don't want to go through with this, you don't have to.  
There is a second option: I can just increase your muscle mass and reprogram 
your metabolism."
	Tenchi gulped as he decided to stick with his original decision.  
"Something tells me I should do this."
	"I'll ask one last time just to make sure," began Washu as her emerald 
eyes pierced deep into Tenchi's brown eyes.  "Are you absolutely certain that 
you want to do this?"
	The tone of Washu's voice made Tenchi think about his choice some more.  
Deciding to keep with the plan he kept his eyes locked with the scientist's.  
"Yes, I am absolutely certain that I want to do this."
	"Okay then!" Washu beamed happily.  She had been in possession of the 
three gems for as long as she could remember.  And also for as long as she could 
remember, she had somehow known of the gems' power even before she had been able 
to confirm it.  Ever since the day she had finished the construction of her 
subspace lab, almost nineteen thousand years ago, she had desperately wanted to 
find a way to tap the gems' awesome power.  It seemed almost as if tapping that 
power was an integral part of her existence.  Almost as though she had been 
created for that task.  Now she finally had her chance!
	Washu returned two of the gems to the safe and pressed a button at the 
safe's side.
	"Re-activating containment field," the computer voice spoke again.  
"Creating quantum singularity from free taus and muons from Particle Super-
Collider/Accelerator.  Quantum singularity formation in: 5 seconds."  There was 
a five-second long pause at the end of which the lab's lighting was once again 
severely dimmed.  "Warning, quantum singularity is active."
	"That should keep 'em safe," said the scientist.
	Washu then led Tenchi and her daughter to another area of her lab as she 
explained the operation to Tenchi, the safe's doors automatically closed behind 
them.  
	"Okay, Tenchi the first thing I am going to do is place your left arm, 
just below the elbow, in a special vice to prevent it from moving.  Then, I'm 
going to make an incision just below your elbow and sever the motor nerves to 
your hand.  What that will do is prevent you from being able to move your hand 
so that you don't hurt yourself when I'm operating on your wrist."
	All the while, Tenchi was trying desperately to keep himself from 
worrying, but to no avail.  _She's the number one genius in the universe,_
Tenchi, he tried to tell him self.  It probably would have worked, had he fully 
believed it.
	"After this, I will make another incision on the inside of your wrist.  
This will be a very large and deep one too.  When I've made the opening large 
enough, I will then cut your sensory nerve and your motor nerve will also be 
severed a second time.  Then I'll connect both ends of both your sensory and 
motor nerves through the gem.  I will then place the gem in one of those 
'sockets' I was telling you about earlier.  After that, I'll reroute your blood 
vessels around the gem because, if I'm not mistaken, a small portion of the gem 
will remain protruding out of your skin.  And, then the last step is for Ryoko 
to close up the incision using her newfound healing ability.
	"Now, the only thing I'm worried about is that I have to do this whole 
operation in three minutes.  Before you lose too much blood and die.  But, don't 
worry too much about it, I am the number one scientific genius in the universe!" 
she told everyone.  
	Somehow, that fact did not provide much consolation to the genius.  
Although the level of her intelligence was a proven fact, she was still prone to 
make mistakes like everyone else was.
	"Washu, I really hope you know what you're doing," stated the earthling.
	"You'd better, Washu!" warned Ryoko.
	"Don't worry, I do," _at least I hope I do,_ the scientist added in her 
mind.

		Painful Surgery

	Tenchi was clamping his teeth so hard that he thought they would shatter 
were he to increase the pressure he was putting on them.  The young man was 
strapped snugly to a metal table.  His left arm was stretched out to his side 
and held immobile in a well padded vice.  The vice had a large shroud around it 
to prevent Tenchi from seeing the carnage Washu was inflicting on his helpless 
limb.  If one were to ask Tenchi, he would say with more than certainty that 
what he was going through at that moment was definitely the most excruciatingly 
painful thing he'd ever experienced.  Little did he know just how soon he'd be 
proven wrong.  He silently hoped that Washu wouldn't screw up.  For all that, he 
was hiding his pain very well.  He wasn't screaming or complaining.
	At least Tenchi thought he was hiding his pain well.  Ryoko was sitting on 
a chair and holding Tenchi's free hand in an attempt to comfort his pain.  She 
couldn't really tell if it was working or not though.  What she could tell was 
that Tenchi was crushing her hand.  And all this time she had thought he was 
going to be the one in pain!  But, Ryoko felt she had to be strong to help him 
through this.  So, unlike the young man she was trying to help, the space pirate 
wasn't even gritting her teeth through the pain.  Besides, once he let go of 
her, her hand would heal itself almost instantly.
	On the opposite side of the shroud, Washu had just finished making the 
incision into the young man's wrist.  She had to hurry now.  Tenchi was losing 
blood, and fast!  What she had not told Tenchi about the operation was that she 
would have to remove all the flesh that was in the so-called 'socket' in his 
bones.  The socket was located just inward from the wrist joint, at the point 
where the ulna and the radius meet.  Washu's hands were moving with a speed and 
precision she had not known she possessed.  It was an amazing feeling, to see 
one's own hands move with such rapidity.  Washu cringed but continued the 
procedure unhindered when she heard Tenchi's failed attempt to stifle a 
scream.  For a moment she pondered how amazing it was that the boy had managed 
to last this long without screaming.  Although his sensory nerve was cut at the 
wrist, the flesh in the socket was still connected to his nervous system.  Washu 
quickly forced the thought out of her intelligent mind and hooked up both of the 
cut ends of both nerves to the large stone.  The reason for connecting the 
nerves to the jewels was that Tenchi needed SOME way to control the energy 
within them.  The scientist knew this was not the best way to do it but the 
other methods were far too painful for her to even want to consider them as an 
option.  Especially after how she'd treated her daughter in the past.  There, 
the nerves were connected.   Now all that was left was to insert the gem into 
its socket.  With fair amount of pressure, the surgeon pressed the gem into the 
socket with an audible "clack," that sounded almost as though she'd inserted a 
battery into a portable CD player.


		Tenchi could feel his flesh being removed.  "Ahh!" he failed to 
stifle his first scream of the operation.  Washu must have just finished doing 
whatever it was she had just been doing because at that time, Tenchi could feel 
her messing around with his nerves.  It hurt worse than hell.  Tenchi let out 
another scream.  _Almost over,_ Tenchi thought to himself.  He could feel a 
little pressure being applied.
	"Clack," the sound traveled across the shroud.  Tenchi slowly felt the 
pain in his arm begin to lessen tremendously.
	"Waaa!" he heard a frightened, almost panicked scream coming from Washu.  
Ryoko tore her hand from his grasp and ran behind the shroud.
	The young man heard a muffled "Oh my!" coming from behind the veil.
	"What's going on!" screamed Tenchi.  It was purely amazing there was no 
longer any pain whatsoever in his aforementioned limb.
	"Oh, n-n-nothing, Tenchi!"


	It was always an awesome sight to witness wounds as substantial as those 
she had inflicted on Tenchi just closing up without any "outside" help.  Washu 
surmised that the addition of the gemstone to the young man's anatomy must have 
somehow provided him with an enhanced regenerative ability.  
	That's when she noticed it.  The gem began giving off a dim light green 
glow.  It was slowly working its way up Tenchi's arm.  "Um, Tenchi!  Do you feel 
anything strange?" she asked her patient.
	There was a short pause.  "Now that you mention it, Little Washu.  My 
arm's getting a little warm right now."
	She walked around the curtain and looked down at Tenchi.  "It's only gonna 
get warmer," informed the scientist.  "Your body's beginning to access the gem's 
power.  Try not to scream, it'll only make it worse."
	Tenchi cringed inwardly as Washu backed away from him.  
	After a few moments, all of Tenchi's skin slowly started to bubble and 
melt from the amount of energy being drawn through it.  The stench of his own 
burning flesh made him cringe along with the pain, it also made him want to 
vomit.  He was melting from the outside in and the hair on his head was in 
flames.  After a few minutes his body started to glow because his bones were 
glowing red-hot.  The heat still continued to increase.  The only thing keeping 
him alive was the regenerative powers he had gained only a few moments earlier.  
The vice that had restrained his arm, at this point decided to melt, therefore, 
freeing his arm--if not painfully.  Shortly, all of his skin was vaporized from 
his body.  He couldn't hold it back anymore, and he screamed loudly.  
Unfortunately, as Washu had said, screaming didn't help ease the pain.  The 
scream caused him to inhale the air around his body, which was already hot 
enough to melt aluminum.  The tissue in his lungs and along his esophagus began 
melting with the increased heat.  He started to cough as he choked on the 
liquefied remains of his lungs.  His body was now melting from the outside in 
and the inside out simultaneously.
	And, in an instant, as if it had been some strange editing mistake in a 
bad amateur movie, the heat was gone.  Tenchi's body no longer glowed.  The pain 
had vanished.  He had his flesh again.  His clothes were even intact--he was 
very grateful for that, especially with Ryoko in the vicinity, God only knows 
what she would do.  
	As he stood, the young man quickly diagnosed his body's condition, and 
sighed loudly in relief when he discovered everything was undamaged as far as he 
could tell.  He flexed his left wrist.  Somehow, it seemed easier to move.  
Almost like a missing part had been replaced.  The young man held his wrist 
close to his face to examine it.  As Washu had predicted, a small portion of the 
gem remained jutting through his skin.
	"Little Washu, what just happened?" inquired the confused young man as 
Washu carefully approached him.  
	Ryoko was lying unconscious on the ground behind her because Washu had 
been forced to sedate the retiring space pirate to keep her from running to help 
Tenchi and, therefore, experiencing the same kind of torture he was.
	"Well...Tenchi...that's the thing.  I'm not really sure what happened.  
All I really know is it had something to do with the gem interacting with you 
for the first time," surmised the redhead.  "Y'wanna try to find out?" she asked 
with a raised eyebrow.
	"I guess," Tenchi decided.  It would at least be something to do while he 
waited for his sparring partner's sedation to end.

		The Explanation

	Tenchi had just stepped off of the platform Washu had used on him not more 
than an hour ago to perform her tests.  This time it had taken a few seconds 
longer.  Washu had used quite a bit more accuracy in her tests this time.  
	Tenchi made his way behind the typing scientist so that he could look over 
her shoulder and see her holotop's monitor.  "So, what are you doing now?" he 
asked.
	With out a break in her rapid typing the scientist responded, "I'm writing 
a program that will compare all of the data from this test and the one I did on 
you earlier today."
	"Oh, so how long's this gonna..."
	"Done!" chimed Washu.
	"...Take," Tenchi finished pointlessly.  "Oh."
	The young man scanned the compared data along with Washu.  The data 
was mostly in the form of charts and graphs that were largely inexplicable to 
Tenchi, but there were a few diagrams and pictures.  It was one of the images 
that caught Washu's attention.
	"You see that, Tenchi?" she asked him in an amazed tone.
	Tenchi leaned a little closer to the display for a better view.  "Hmm," he 
said as he examined the monitor.  His head was right next to hers and they were 
mere centimeters apart.  He did not notice Washu blush slightly at their 
closeness before she reminded herself exactly whom she had put the past 
seventeen years of her life on hold for.
	On the screen there were two images of what appeared to be a human being, 
well, a cross-section of one anyway, colored in a mostly pinkish color.  On both 
images the brain could be easily made out.
	On the image in the left half of the screen a long, thick, yellow line 
extended down from the brain to just above the pelvis-Tenchi assumed correctly 
that this was the spinal cord.  From the spinal cord, there were countless other 
thinner, also yellow lines branching out in random directions, resembling a 
tree.
	On the right image, there was no line for the spinal cord.  There was, 
however, a large, bright red dot on the left wrist.  From this dot, a myriad of 
yellow lines extended out into the body.
	"You see?" inquired the genius.
	"I'm not really sure but from what I remember from biology two years ago, 
I assume that these are maps of two nervous systems.  Right?" stated Tenchi.
	"Correct," affirmed Washu.
	"I'm guessing that that red dot is this gem," he said holding up his 
wrist.  "Am I right?"
	"Correct," she repeated.
	"So, I no longer have a spinal cord?" he asked tentatively.
	"Nope.  And I suspect that all that heat was the gem destroying your body 
while keeping you alive at the same time so that it could build a new body for 
you that was more...compatible."  It has been said that with Washu "suspecting 
is knowing."
	"Then how am I controlling my body?" asked Tenchi while flexing his left 
arm to help make his point.
	"Well, I'm not totally sure but, if my hunch is right..." the scientist 
typed something into her holotop.  A few moments later, a fluctuating blue line 
was drawn connecting the brain stem of the right image to the red dot in the 
same image.
	"What's that blue line, little Washu?"
	"That, Tenchi, is exactly what I expected.  I've overlaid a map of your 
psychic energy.  That blue line represents flowing psychic energies. Your brain 
is now connected directly to the gem via a psycho-energetic link.  That gem," 
said Washu pointing to Tenchi's wrist, "_is_ your spinal cord."
	The young man took a better look at the gem in his wrist.  "I guess I 
better protect this thing, huh?"
	"Yup!" she agreed.  "Now, Tenchi I want you to try 'n' access the power 
held in the gem."
	"...How?"
	"Um...I hate to admit this but...I'm not sure, actually...uh...just try 
concentrating on the gem and drawing energy out of it," Washu guessed.  This was 
something she had neglected to plan on.  Once you're able to access the gems' 
power, how do you use it?
	Tenchi took the scientist's suggestion and tried it.  He closed his eyes 
and concentrated on the gem.  He began to see the gem in his mind's eye, and he 
could feel the power it held.  He tried everything he could think to do in order 
to extract that power but nothing worked.  No matter what he tried, he failed in 
drawing the energy from the turquoise stone in his wrist.
	"I can't Washu, it's not working," he said downcast.
	"Hmm..." Washu had to think about that one.  How could she have been so 
absent minded?  How!  She chastised herself.  Oh well, she knew she'd figure it 
out eventually.  "Well, just forget about it for..."
	"He will learn to use the gem at the appropriate time," came a very 
soothing feminine voice with a slight lisp that only enhanced its beauty.
	"Huh?  Who's there?" asked Washu in surprise as she looked around for the 
source of the voice.  Her lab was supposed to be impenetrable!  How the hell did 
some one get in without her permission!  And, furthermore, how the _hell_ did 
someone get on board her ship without being detected!
	"It is I," said a stunningly beautiful young woman as her form faded into 
existence in front of them.  She had brilliant blue hair that cascaded down to 
her ankles like a waterfall and was wearing an extremely ornate, blue and white 
kimono.  On her forehead was a strange olive-colored marking of two circles 
side-by-side.
	"Who are you?" the scientist asked the woman.  The girl seemed somehow 
familiar to her but Washu was certain that she had never in her long life met 
anyone that even closely resembled the apparition before her.
	"I am she who commands the seas," she announced emotionlessly calm.
	"What the heck do you mean by that?" posed Washu.
	"Exactly what I said," spoke the stranger.  "Please listen to me.  Tenchi, 
I am sorry you had to experience such pain but it was necessary.  The gems have 
accepted you as their master.  
	"Lady Washu I command that you give the other two gems to Tenchi.  When 
you, Washu give him the Tenchi-ken, the gems will be placed in the base of its 
hilt.  He is not yet ready to bond with those gems.  Do not worry, when the time 
comes, he will know how.  
	"Also; Tenchi," she moved closer to Tenchi.  When she walked, she seemed 
to do so without moving her legs.  As she approached the young man, the emblem 
on her brow began glowing with a yellow light.  When she reached him, she placed 
her right hand on the back of his head, closed her pink eyes, and pressed their 
foreheads together for a few brief seconds.  "I have unlocked it, use it as you 
see fit," she whispered after she had parted from Tenchi.  For a few short 
moments after the contact, the emblem of three triangles pointing downward 
glowed yellow on his for head before disappearing.
	"I must leave you now.  When I am gone you will have forgotten that I was 
ever here.  But you will know what I have told you," she finished as her visage 
faded away.
	"Did you hear something?" Washu asked Tenchi.
	"No, why?"
	"Oh, never mind then, it was probably just my imagination," said Washu as 
she shrugged her shoulders.  "Why don't we test the strength of your new body?"
	"Sure..."
	"'Kay, follow me," she said, standing up from her floating cushion.
	Without comment, Tenchi did as he was instructed.  The scientist led him 
quietly to the opposite side of her colossal mini-laboratory.  They stopped in 
front of a box shaped device about the size of a washing machine.  It had a 
small metal rod protruding from the center of its top.  At the end of this rod 
was a grip.
	"Now, Tenchi," began Washu while flipping a switch on the box, "stand on 
top of this box and pull upward as strongly as you can with all of your body, 
and it will measure the force with which you're pulling."  She activated her 
holotop and typed a few keys.
	"Sounds easy enough," said the young man.  He did as he was told.


	To his side Washu was staring wide-eyed at the numbers on her holotop's 
screen.  They were rising fast.  They had just passed four.  It was purely 
amazing that he was able to apply that much force to it.  Six.  The redhead's 
eyes were easily the size of a chicken's eggs.  Six-point-five.  Seven!  He was 
slowing down now considerably.  Seven-and-three-quarters.  Eight.  He stopped.
	"Are you done?"
	"Yeah," groaned Tenchi as he let go of the device, "How much was that?"
	"Well, that's simply amazing!  You were pulling on that thing with a force 
of 8.0519 corosols!"
	"Corosols?"
	"One of the universal units of measurement for force."
	"Oh, and is that a lot?"
	"Yeah that's a lot!" proclaimed Washu.  She continued at a lightning pace, 
"It's a logarithmic unit of measurement.  Three is twice as much as two, and 
four is twice as much as three, et cetera.  You convert it into non-logarithmic 
units by using the number of corosols as a power of three-point-oh-three-four.  
The resulting unit of measurement is corosiens.  So you were pulling with a 
force of about 7605.75 corosiens, which, as luck would have it, are equal to 
your SI unit for force, the Newton.  Convert that into what you're used to, 
pounds, and it comes out to be about 1711-lbs of force.  My daughter can do just 
above 9.4 corosols, about eight thousand-pounds."  She did all of the 
calculations in her head.
	"So, I'm pretty strong then?" Tenchi said in monotone.
	"I would say so."
	"Cool..." he said flatly.  He hadn't been very surprised after the amount 
of boasting Washu had done about the gems' power.  She had originally planned on 
using them to power the damn weapons systems of an entire ship.  And she had 
mentioned that the ship she had planned on using them on was the Soja.  If this 
ship was the Soja II and if it was really the second most powerful ship in the 
universe, then the original Soja must have been comparably powerful then, 
probably less powerful.  And here, he had one of the gems entirely for his own 
use!
	"Yeah it is," responded the genius with a raised eyebrow.  What was he 
thinking?
	"Are there any more tests you want to do?"
	After a moment's thought the scientist said, "Nope, Tenchi.  I don't think 
there are any more.  Why don't we go get Ryoko and put her somewhere more 
comfortable than this cold floor in this cold lab?  The sedatives I gave her 
should wear off in..." Washu paused to look at the time read out on her holotop, 
"about another forty-five minutes."

		Damn Cop!

	Tenchi let out a gratified sigh of relief as he gently placed the sedated 
Ryoko on the bed in her room aboard the Soja II.  Little Washu had asked him to 
carry her daughter.  He would have preferred not to but he was bound by his 
stubbornly altruistic belief in the merits of chivalry.  The whole time he had 
carried her, he could not help being unnerved by Ryoko's rampant beauty.  Who 
wouldn't?  You'd have to be blind not to.
	A satisfied grin graced the petite scientist's youthful face.  She could 
not help but notice the way Tenchi had been behaving while he was carrying her 
daughter in his now very strong arms.  He had obviously been trying very hard 
not to ogle her too noticeably.  But, occasionally, he would briefly glance at 
her face and a tiny smile would play for the briefest of instants upon his 
attractive face.  She considered this test a success.
	"Let's head up to the bridge, Tenchi.  You're gonna need to learn how to 
drive a spacecraft, and I've got a simulator up there," suggested the redhead as 
the door closed behind them.
	"'Kay," agreed Tenchi.  What else was there to do?  He would have liked to 
spar some more.  It had been lots of fun for him earlier that day.  And he was 
going to be competing in a sword-fighting _tournament_, no less, in a few days 
but, alas, his instructor was thoroughly KO'ed.


	A few minutes later the two of them, Tenchi and Washu, arrived on the 
Soja's bridge.  It was a comparatively small, half-circular room, having a 
radius of about 30-meters.  It was, strangely enough, located in back of the 
Soja rather than the front.  The curved portion of the room was facing aft and 
was mostly transparent so that one could look out and see the stars.  All of the 
control panels were holographic and a person could pass through them as though 
they weren't there.
	"Why, Washu-" began Tenchi.
	She noisily cleared her throat, interrupting him.
	"Little Washu.  Why is the bridge in the back of the ship?  Wouldn't it be 
better in the front?" he asked.
	"Well, at the time I designed this ship, its main purpose was going to be 
combat, 'specially large-scale assaults.  By putting the bridge in the after 
portion of the ship, it's located in an unexpected place and makes it more 
difficult for an enemy to destroy the ship's command center."
	"Makes sense."
	"Tenchi, my boy, you should realize that I do very few things that don't 
make sense."
	"Captain Little Washu," came the ship's rarely used, monotone computer 
voice.  The ship could, per se, "speak" but it did so only out of urgent 
necessity or when a command from its owner would necessitate a response and it 
would respond only to its captain.
	"Yes, Soja what is it?"
	"It appears that the prototype vessel that has been following us has 
deactivated its fek and is now attempting to establish a com' link."
	"Put it through," commanded Captain Washu.  Unbeknownst to all of the 
passengers of the ship, except for Washu, there had been a ship following them 
ever since they had picked Ryoko up the day before.  The ship that had been 
following them was a state-of-the-art self-evolving prototype GP cruiser.  The 
technology it had been using in an attempt to conceal itself from Soja's sensors 
was what was called a first-generation quadratic cloaking field emitter.  It was 
shortened to the acronym FGQCFE, which was awkwardly pronounced "fekseefee" 
because of this awkwardness; the name was eventually shortened once again to 
just "fek."  Feks are considered to be the universe's most advanced cloaking 
device and most of the universe's top scientists--Washu had been unavailable for 
questioning and, therefore, no one had asked her opinion--consider them to be 
100% undetectable by anything.  It did not work on the Soja.  The technology on 
board the universe's number one scientific genius's ship was approximately three 
hundred years ahead of anything available in either of the two universes.  The 
Soja's sensors had pierced through the comparatively primitive fek's cloaking 
field like a red-hot knife through butter.
	"Yes, Captain Little Washu," responded the ship.
	A gigantic holographic monitor flashed to life at forward end of the room.  
A second later the image of a female with blond hair worn under an official-
looking blue cap appeared on the monitor.  Tenchi estimated her to be in her 
mid- to late-twenties.  She was wearing a blue uniform with a white lapel.  
Although he would never admit it willingly, Tenchi had a "thing" for blondes and 
so he thought she was incredibly beautiful, no, cute would be a better word.  
	"This is Detective Special-Class Mihoshi Kuramitsu of the Galaxy Police," 
she said in a serious tone.  "Halt your ship immediately."
	"As you wish, officer," responded Washu.  "Soja, stop."
	"Yes, Captain Little Washu."
	The Soja lurched slightly as its extremely well designed inertial zero-
point energy-driven engines immediately kicked into reverse to slow the massive 
ship.
	"Thank you, ma'am."
	"It's no problem, officer.  What is it you wanted me to stop for?" she 
asked although she already knew the answer.
	"I have reason to believe that you might be harboring the wanted fugitive 
Ryoko, last name: unknown," the detective quickly responded.
	"Uh, Miss Mihoshi?" came a slightly nasal voice over the communications 
link-up.
	"Uh, yes, Yukinojo?" asked the police officer as she turned to face 
slightly upwards.
	"Miss Mihoshi, it would be wise for you to begin velocity-modus reduction 
procedures right now."
	There was a long pause as they watched Mihoshi looking down, supposedly at 
a control panel, with a slight look of confusion on her face.
	"Um, Yukinojo..." she asked.  "How do I do that?"
	Had they face faulted any harder; Tenchi and Washu probably would have 
cracked the mirror-like floor.
	Tenchi and Washu were standing again when Washu decided to spare a glace 
out the giant view port.  "Soja, speed up," ordered the scientist.
	"I cannot comply," responded Soja.  "During non-combat operations my prime 
directive is to not harm living entities.  My engine blast would destroy the GP 
cruiser."
	"Um, Tenchi I think we should run," said the redhead in a calm and 
detached tone of voice before she took off running like a cheetah.
	"Huh?" Tenchi looked to where Washu had been looking.  Through the view 
port he could see the distance between the Soja and the Galaxy Police cruiser 
closing, very rapidly.  For a brief second or two he was too frightened to move 
but his survival instinct quickly kicked in and he also took off running.


	"Ahh!" screamed Mihoshi.  "Yukinojo!  Stop!"
	"I have initiated reverse-gravitational breaking," responded Yukinojo, 
"however, I am unable to slow rapidly enough to avoid a collision."
	"Uh..."
	"We are going to crash," summarized ship's computer as though it were 
speaking about an everyday task like taking out the trash.  "Miss Mihoshi, I 
recommend that you activate your restraint system."
	"Umm?  Uh?" responded the officer cluelessly just before being flung 
through the Yukinojo's cockpit windows.


	It had been only seconds after Tenchi and Washu had begun their mad dash 
from the bridge when the Galaxy Police ship collided with the Soja, wedging 
itself airtight into the bridge.  When Tenchi heard the collision, he 
reflexively turned to look over his shoulder just before being impacted by an 
unnaturally flying GP woman.  The force from the collision shattered several of 
Tenchi's ribs with an audible crack, and the blond woman's momentum 
simultaneously sent them sliding across the smooth floor until they crashed into 
a wall.  He wouldn't be surprised if the officer also had some broken bones.


	Her vision was blurred and all she could make out were the figures of two 
people standing over her.  One had long bright-red hair and the other had short 
black hair.  
	That was just about all she could make out.
	"Will she be okay?" asked a hushed male voice.
	"Definitely," a female voice responded quietly.
	She tried to say something, but her lips would not follow her commands.
	"That's good," granted the male voice as her vision faded back into 
infinite blackness.


	"Yeah, I don't want a cop's life on my hands," Washu replied bluntly.
	"No, I don't think that would be a good thing," Tenchi concurred with 
sarcastic sarcasm.
	"Anyway... enough of that.  Let's get to that ship of hers and make sure 
that there was no one else on board," she suggested.
	"Yeah, wouldn't want a cop's partner's life on your hands either," he 
concurred with a light chuckle.  It was amazing thought Tenchi.  He had to have 
broken several ribs catching her, but he was already perfectly fine.  His new 
healing ability was incredible.
	As they started back toward the Soja's demolished main bridge, the super-
genius repeated Tenchi's words with the same amount of irony he had used.  "No, 
I don't think that would be a good thing."
	Just as Tenchi and the scientist reached the mini-lab's exit, Ryoko came 
barreling into the capacious chamber.  On her face she wore a very enraged 
expression.  The moment the pirate's eye met Tenchi--alive and well--her 
expression instantaneously changed from pure anger-seeking-to-inflict-hell to 
one of pure bliss as she immediately forgot about her desire to pummel her 
mother into a coma.  Without a break in her step, she changed course and clamped 
tightly onto the newfound object of her affections, she allowed her momentum to 
knock the two of them to the floor and at the same time was sure to place her 
sufficient breasts precariously close to his face.
	"Hi... Ttteeennnccchhhiii!" she purred seductively.
	"Um-uh-wha-well-um..." Tenchi stuttered as he slowly pried her off of 
himself.
	"Ryoko," began her mother, "it seems we have an unexpected guest."
	"Really!" she let go of Tenchi and jumped to her feet. Tenchi slowly stood 
up also.
	"Now listen, Ryoko," commanded the redhead.  "She's a GP.  She was 
following us ever since you joined us yesterday.  She was severely injured when 
her cruiser crashed into Soja's bridge."
	"I better go heal her then," she said glumly.  The most wanted felon in 
the universe did not give a damn who it was she particularly hated to see people 
hurt when there was something she could do about it.
	"Follow me," said Washu.  "Tenchi, you go see if there's anyone else 
aboard her ship."
	"If there's anyone else on board, I'll bring 'em here immediately," said 
the young man as he hurriedly departed the lab.
	The wanted pirate silently followed her mother back to the unconscious 
policewoman.
	Just as Ryoko was about to begin healing the officer, Washu stopped her.  
"Don't you need to shape-shift first?"
	"I can't.  It takes too much out of me to be shape-shifted and to heal 
someone at the same time.  And I can't heal her then shape-shift because healing 
wounds as bad as hers will leave me too exhausted to shape-shift," informed the 
cyan haired young woman.
	"Then why don't you just let the regeneration bed take care of her?"
	"What?  You don't recognize her?" asked Ryoko.
	"No," _maybe I should have kept better track of the intergalactic news 
nets for the past couple decades,_ thought Washu.
	"Hmm, I'm not surprised, actually.  Most people wouldn't.  As a pirate, 
though, it's always been a good idea to keep track of this kind of stuff."
	"Okay, who is she then?"
	"Detective Special-Class Mihoshi Kuramitsu of the Galaxy Police Ninth 
Investigation Unit.  Her grandfather on her mother's side is Grand Marshal Ito 
Oshii of the Galaxy Police."
	"That still doesn't explain why you're going to heal her yourself," 
commented her mother.
	"I'm hoping to score some points with the GP-GM," she candidly stated.  
"Also, it takes energy for me to remain shape-shifted.  If you did heal her and 
I were to shape-shift, it would just end up being pointless anyways because I'd 
eventually get too exhausted and revert to my normal self."
	"'Kay, just let me take her gun from her first."

		Yukinojo

	Tenchi was standing in front of the light-blue GP cruiser and looking up 
at its cockpit.  
	"Now how the heck do I get up there?" he asked himself out 
loud.  From looking at the sleek ship he could not hazard a clue about how to 
get into the thing except to climb in through the shattered cockpit windows.  
The only problem with this was that the vessel's nose was held high above the 
floor, almost thirty feet.  He couldn't just climb up the ship's side because 
its hull was made of a very slick and hard material.  It also seemed as if the 
ship had been carved out of a single giant piece of metal because there were no 
grooves for him to ascend with.
	He had an idea, "Soja?" he called.
	There was no response.
	"Damn it!" he griped to himself.  He was hoping the Soja would have helped 
him but, no, it had to respond only to Washu.  Now what'll I do? he asked 
himself.  After several minutes of deep thought a second idea finally made 
itself known.  _Why the HELL didn't I think of that sooner?_ Tenchi mussed 
angrily.  If he was stronger now, didn't that also mean that his legs were also 
stronger?
	Without another second's thought he jumped as high as his youthful legs 
could send him.  His head impacted on the bridge's forty-foot high ceiling with 
a dull metallic thud that resounded throughout the large command center.  
	"A... little... too high," he moaned in pain as he stumbled trying to 
regain his balance.
	Number two was a charm.  He landed perfectly on the cockpit window's edge.  
Being extra careful not to cut himself on the sharp shards of... whatever the 
hell it was that the window was made of, he slowly lowered himself down into the 
wreck's hull.
	"Wow, nice," he said to no one as he scanned the ship's cockpit.
	"Freeze," came the same nasal voice he'd heard over the com' link a few 
minutes ago.
	"Huh, what!" said Tenchi in surprise as he quickly raised his hands above 
his head.
	"This is Galaxy Police cruiser Yukinojo serial number: 
1178e057f8523934g98, you are under arrest for breaking into a Galaxy Police 
vessel," responded the voice.
	"Huh?  Wait, no!  This is all some sort of misunderstanding!" screamed 
the young earthling.
	"Oh really now..." remarked the ship as a robotic head lowered from the 
ceiling with a mechanical hum.  "What am I misunderstanding then?  Did you not 
board this ship without permission?"
	"I'm seeing if there's anyone hurt on board!" he shrieked a little 
irately.
	The mechanical head moved closer to Tenchi.  "What happened to Miss 
Mihoshi?" it asked.
	"She was badly injured, so we've taken her to the... med-bay," he did not 
think that "lab" would be a good thing to say, "so that we could take care of 
her wounds."
	"Excluding you, there is no one on board," said the ship's computer.
	"That's good.  Umm, don't move, right now this ship is all that's keeping 
the air in our ship.  I'm gonna go check on the Detective."
	"I can let you go but first I have to inform HQ of this.  As a prototype, 
I am not authorized to contact HQ myself.  I can initiate the com' link but I am 
not permitted to speak over it."
	"Umm... Uhh...okay.  What do you need me to say?"
	"Just relate everything that happened here to HQ.  Please stand next to 
the command chair."
	Tenchi stood juxtaposed to the only chair in the cockpit and faced the bow 
of the space vessel.  "'Kay."
	"I am now initiating a high-priority com' link," notified the ship's 
computer as the robotic head returned to its niche in the ceiling.  There were a 
few beeps and then a large, black holographic monitor filled the fore portion of 
the cockpit.  Its edges were striped black and yellow and in its center in a 
red, blinking, non-descript typeface were the words:

			         HIGH-PRIORITY
		       COMMUNICATIONS LINK ACTIVATED.
		      HIGH-LEVEL ENCRYPTION IS ACTIVE.
				     ---
			          CONNECTING...

	After a few seconds of waiting the screen changed to the image of a man 
with large bags under his eyes who looked like he was in his late thirties.  He 
was wearing a uniform similar to Detective Mihoshi's but with more decorations.  
He was looking down at his desk.  "Ah... DSC Mihoshi, I see you've finally 
decided to re-..." the man stopped mid-sentence when he looked up and saw 
Tenchi.  "Who the HELL are you and where's Mihoshi!" he yelled at the top of his 
lungs.
	"Umm... Uh...  I'm Tenchi Adams.  Detective Mihoshi is in the med-bay 
aboard... my friend's ship.  She was badly injured and her wounds are being 
taken care of as we speak."
	"How the HELL did this happen!" he then heatedly yelled.
	Tenchi explained the events of the past few minutes as calmly and clearly 
as he could.  With every word he spoke he could see the desk jockey's face 
becoming more and more of a deathly shade of white, fear slowly showing itself 
on his face.  The fear was vastly evident on his face and in his voice when his 
spoke, "I've got to tell this to the GM.  He's definitely going to want to hear 
about this.  Give me a second.  And you stay here!  Oh, how typical!" he moaned 
as the monitor went blank.
	"Okay..." said Tenchi to empty screen.  GM sounded like a very important 
position.
	A few minutes later the officer's face returned on the monitor.  "I've 
told the GM what you told me.  He still wants to talk to you, though.  You'll 
probably find out why when you talk to him.  I'll transfer you over to him now."
	Before Tenchi could respond, the screen went black once more and not a 
second later displayed another face.  His features were strained.  To Tenchi 
this man looked like he was in his late-fifties.  He had slightly long blond 
hair that went down to just above his shoulders.  His eyes were a bright emerald 
color that resembled... Tenchi had to admit to himself that he couldn't quite 
place the resemblance, but his eyes definitely seemed somewhat familiar.  When 
the man spoke he did so with strength and confidence and a strong air of 
intelligence in his deep voice.  "I am Grand Marshall Oshii," he introduced 
himself.  "The commander told me what happened to my granddaughter.  How is she 
doing?"
	The earthling swallowed a lump produced by the word "granddaughter" before 
speaking, "Um, last time I checked she was still unconscious but her condition 
was stable.  It looks like she'll be fine."
	Marshall Oshii exhaled in relief and allowed his expression to become less 
stern.  "That's good.  Now I don't have to worry my daughter panicking so much." 
He scratched his jaw.  "Where is the next place you will be making port?  And 
when?" he amended his question.
	"Well, um, right now we're heading for Jurai.  We should be there in about 
three 'n' a half days."
	"Oh, you're going to watch the tournament," surmised the Grand Marshall.
	"Well... compete, actually."
	The Marshall's face turned as grim as his voice was when he slowly spoke.  
"Oh, I hope you win.  Good luck."
	"Thanks."
	There was an awkward silence.  _What is it about this tournament that 
makes him so glum?_ Tenchi asked himself before the quiet lifted.
	"Well, Mihoshi was assigned a new partner just yesterday, she doesn't even 
know about it yet.  I'm going to tell her partner to meet you on Jurai when you 
get there.  So don't be startled when a GP shuttle contacts your ship.  Here's a 
picture of her," in the top right quarter of the monitor an ID card quality 
image appeared.  It was of a teal haired woman with blue eyes and an orange 
headband.
	"Here, can you relay this information to Mihoshi when she wakes up?  Her 
new partner's name is Kiyone Makibi.  She's a brand-new Detective Third-Class 
fresh from the GP academy.  She graduated first in her class with awards in..." 
he paused as he looked down to read something on his elaborate desk.  
"Marksmanship, and hand-to-hand combat; and is very skilled in the use of a 
combat yo-yo.  Oh, and she is also qualified to operate dimension-class 
weaponry.  
	"Could you please give me the name your ship is registered under so that 
she will be able to contact you more easily?"
	"Well, um it's not my ship but, its name is 'Soja II,' I'm not sure if 
that's what its registered under though.  Or even if it is registered," Tenchi 
added under his breath.
	"Um, let me see," he began typing on a console at his desk, "ess, oh, jay, 
ay, two...  Ah, yes, this ship is registered to one Washu Hakubi is that 
correct?"
	"Yup," he confirmed.
	"Let me see here, it is registered as a," the GP-GM's eyes became the size 
of silver dollars, "galaxy-destroyer-class vessel!"
	That revelation surprised Tenchi.  If the power of the gems really were 
comparable to that of a ship capable of destroying a galaxy... did that then 
mean that he could destroy a galaxy?  He shuddered visibly at the thought; he 
did not believe that any one person should be capable of wielding that amount of 
power, even divinity.  To him it was a very scary thought.  He made a mental 
note to ask Washu about that later...  "Well, if that's all, I think I'll go 
check in on Officer Mihoshi now.  And, I'll be sure to tell her everything you 
asked me to."
	"Yes, that's all," the monitor went blank and disappeared.
	Tenchi climbed out of the ship's cockpit and leisurely made his way back 
to the lab.


	"It seems that my child has failed after all," a beautiful feminine voice 
rang throughout the pitch dark.  "Fortunately for her she did not know the true 
reason behind my suggestion, or I would consider this her failure.  It seems 
that her true target has survived her attack." 
	"And what are you going to do about this turn of events?  Are you going 
to kill him?" asked an elderly male voice.
	"I wish that I could just destroy him, it would make things much easier... 
but, if I did it, it would only be a temporary solution."
	"I see.  What are you going to do, then?" he replied.
	"Well, for now... nothing."
	"The longer you wait, though, the more powerful he will become.  Wouldn't 
it be wise to at least take some action?"  
	With his comment the woman's anger could be felt growing for a few moments 
before it grudgingly subsided.  "You make a very good point."  There was a long 
silence during which orders passed into the male's mind.
	"The Council will not approve," he advised.
	"I DO NOT CARE ABOUT THE COUNCIL!" her voice bellowed through the unlit 
chamber.  She paused for a second.  She could not let her anger get the best of 
her; he was too good an asset to waste due to a petty comment.  "The Council 
will do as I tell them.  They are no longer needed anyway."
	"Are you saying what I think you are?"
	"It does not concern you, Senator," she replied smugly.  "You have your 
orders, I suggest you follow them."
	"Hmm...  I shall do as you command."


	The darkness slowly lifted to reveal the face of a young woman with spiky 
cyan hair looking down at her.  The woman looked familiar.  Where had she seen 
her before?  She gasped as she realized who it was that was staring down at her.  
	Space Pirate Ryoko!  
	She reached for her gun.  Not there!
	The space pirate laughed heartily.  "Don't worry I won't hurt you.  We 
were expecting that reaction, so we took your gun from you.  It's right over 
there," she pointed to a nearby counter, "if you want it."
	"Really, you're not going to try to hurt me?" asked the police officer.
The wanted criminal laughed again.  "Why would I do that after I've just saved 
your life?"
	"You saved my life?" the officer asked innocently.
	"She sure did," boasted Washu.  "This regen' bed was broken."  What she 
didn't say was that there were ten more in various places around the lab.  
Mostly near the more... dangerous areas.
	"Yup," confirmed Ryoko.
	"Wow, thank you so much!" the cop replied in an amazed tone as she sat up.
	"It's no problem, Officer."
	"Oh no, please call me Mihoshi... um, what's your name?" she asked.
	The pirate face faulted.  How could she have already forgotten?  "I'm 
Ryoko."
	"Umm... that name sounds familiar... umm..."
	Ryoko's eyes bulged at Mihoshi's bubble headedness before she decided to 
take advantage of it.  "Hmm, probably just sounds like another name you've heard 
somewhere before."
	"Hmm," the officer shrugged her shoulders, "probably."  She looked at the 
area around her.  "Hey, where did that little girl go?"
	"Girl?" asked Ryoko.
	"Yeah, you know the long-haired redhead with the emerald green eyes, about 
twelve years old, about ninety pounds. She has a slightly wide jaw-line.  She 
was wearing a modified version of the old Science..."
	"Oh," she laughed slightly, interrupting Mihoshi.  "You mean Washu.  She's 
not twelve; she's older than twenty thousand."  She laughed a little more before 
continuing.  "She's also my mother."
	"Oh... well where'd she go?"
	"Don't worry about it she's probably off doing some crazy science 
experiment."


		More On Mihoshi


	"There!" announced Washu happily when she had succeeded in hacking into 
the Galaxy Police Personnel Files Database.  "Now let's see," she said to 
herself.
	"THIS FILE MAY TAKE SEVERAL MINUTES TO LOAD," was printed at the top of 
the screen.  Damn, she thought, that's gigantic.  It was huge considering that 
the average data connection used in the universe ran at about one thousand 
TERAbytes a second, that's one _billion_ kilobytes downloaded in a second. 
	She looked under the directory for "Kurami-".  Washu read the last names 
off out loud, "Kurami, Kuramia, Kuramiaba, damn, lot's of Kurami- names."  She 
scrolled down several pages.  "Kuramiacu, Kuramiacua, the GP is friggen huge!  I 
wonder how many people are in the GP!" she thought aloud and scrolled down 
several hundred more pages.  "Kuramisu, Kuramisu, Kuramisuai," she went down 
some more, "Kuramita, Kuramitab," more scrolling, "Kuramitrze, Kuramitta," 
SCROLLING, "Kuramitsa. Ah! There it is Kuramitsu, Mihoshi."
	She opened the file and scanned the table of contents:


		TABLE OF CONTENTS:
		------
		1...............SUMMARY

		2...............ACADEMIC HISTORY

		3...............ACOMPLISHMENTS, AWARDS, AND MERIT

		4...............FAMILY HISTORY

		5...............PERSONAL HISTORY

		6...............SERVICE RECORD

		7...............RECOMMENDATIONS


	"Hmm, that sounds interesting" Washu selected "ACADEMIC HISTORY"  The 
screen changed and top genius of the universe began reading.

	SUMMARY OF ACADEMICS:

			OFFICER MIHOSHI GRADUATED AT THE TOP OF HER CLASS 
		FROM THE GALAXY POLICE ACADEMY WITH THE HIGHEST GRADES 
		EVER GIVEN TO A FIRST-TIME CADET.  HER RECORD WAS 
		EXCEPTIONAL AND PROMOTION IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

	INTELLIGENCE TESTING:

			HER SCORE ON THE UNIVERSAL STANDARDIZED INTELLIGENCE 
		TEST WAS THE HIGHEST EVER FOR A GALAXY POLICE OFFICER 
		AND SHE IS OFFICIALLY ONE OF THE TOP TWENTY MOST 
		INTELLIGENT PEOPLE IN THE UNIVERSE.  OFFICER MIHOSHI IS 
		ALSO CONSIDERED TO HAVE SOME OF THE BEST OBSERVATIONAL 
		SKILLS EVER.

	"No... it's not possible," thought Washu aloud.  How could someone that 
can't even stop a primitive cruiser-class vessel be that smart?  Maybe, she 
thought, she would find it later in here.

	MARKSMANSHIP:

			OFFICER MIHOSHI IS AN OUTSTANDING MARKSMAN.  HER 
		ACCURACY WITH A HANDGUN AND A BLASTER RIFLE IS UNMATCHED.  

	HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT AND SWORDSMANSHIP:

			THIS IS THE ONLY AREA OF OFFICER MIHOSHI'S TRAINING 
		WHERE SHE WAS NOT EXTREMELY PROFICIENT.  THIS SHOULD NOT 
		HINDER HER ADVANCEMENT IN THE FORCE.  IT IS ALSO BECAUSE 
		OF THIS THAT WE RECOMMENDED SHE NOT PARTICIPATE IN THE 
		CAPTURE OF CLASS-B OR HIGHER ASSASSINS.

	QUALIFICATIONS:

	Washu stopped reading.  The rest was all just a bunch of crap she didn't 
need to know anyway.  She went back to the Table of Contents.  "Hmm," she 
selected "SERVICE RECORD."  Washu was now tremendously curious as to what 
happened to DSC Mihoshi to cause her to act the way did.  Washu purposefully 
read.

	STAR DATE: <CLASSIFIED>

			ONE YEAR AND TWO MONTHS LATER, DETECTIVE FIRST-CLASS 
		MIHOSHI KURAMITSU WAS RESCUED DURING A SECOND RAID...

	Second? Oh, reverse chronological order, realized Washu and skipped down 
to the previous entry.


	STAR DATE:  <CLASSIFIED>

			DURING A RAID TO TAKE DOWN THE MILITANT TERRORIST 
		ORGANIZATION KNOWN ONLY AS "TOKIMI'S FOLLOWERS," DETECTIVE 
		FIRST-CLASS MIHOSHI KURAMITSU AND HER SQUAD WAS CAPTURED 
		AFTER AN EXTREMELY LARGE AMOUNT OF WHAT HAS BEEN DEAMED BAD 
		LUCK.  
			DURING HER IMPRISSONMENT DECTIVE FIRST-CLASS KURAMITSU 
		WAS SUBJECTED TO EXTREME AMOUNTS PHYSICAL AND MENTAL TORTURE; 
		WAS VIOLENTLY MOLESTED AND ABUSED; FORCED TO WITNESS MANY 
		EXTREMELY VIOLENT AND GRUESOME HOMICIDES; WAS KEPT...

	Washu couldn't bring herself to read any further, so she skipped back to 
the next event.


	STAR DATE: <CLASSIFIED>

			ONE YEAR AND TWO MONTHS LATER, DETECTIVE FIRST-CLASS 
		MIHOSHI KURAMITSU WAS RESCUED DURING A SECOND RAID TO TAKE 
		TOKIMI'S FOLLOWERS DOWN.  SHE WAS IMMEDIATELY TAKEN TO THE 
		SCIENCE ACADAMY'S HOSPITAL FOR TREATMENT OF HER INJURIES 
		AND FOR RENOURISHMENT.  AFTER SHE HAD RECOVERED FROM HER 
		WOUNDS, DETECTIVE FIRST-CLASS MIHOSHI KURAMITSU WAS TAKEN TO 
		THE SCIENCE ACADAMY'S CENTER FOR PSYCHOLOGICAL SCIENCE WHERE 
		SHE UNDERWENT THE LATEST PSYCHOLOGICAL TREATMENTS FOR 
		VICTIMS OF EXTREME TRAUMATIC EXPERIENCES.  THE PSYCHOLOGICAL 
		TREATMENT WENT WELL, BUT SHE WILL MOST LIKELY NEVER BECOME 
		FULLY RECOVERED.  SHE IS STILL ONE OF THE TOP TWENTY MOST 
		INTELLIGENT PERSONS IN THE UNIVERSE, SHE IS STILL CAPABLE OF 
		EXTREMELY HIGH LEVEL THOUGHT, AND HER OBSERVASIONAL SKILLS 
		ARE STILL AS THEY WERE PRIOR TO HER ORDEAL, BUT SHE HAS AN 
		ALMOST IMPERCEPTIBLY DIFFICULT TIME WITH SIMPLE LOGIC AND 
		HER SHORT TERM MEMORY IS SOMEWHAT SKETCHY.
			ONE THING THAT WAS NOT NEGETIVELY AFFECTED BY 
		DETECTIVE FIRST-CLASS MIHOSHI KURAMITSU'S EXPERIENCES WAS 
		HER MARKSMANSHIP.  IT SEEMS, IN FACT, THAT HER MARKSMANSHIP 
		HAS IMPROVED FOR UNKNOWN REASONS.  SHE IS NOW ABLE TO HIT ANY 
		TARGET(S) WITHOUT EVEN LOOKING SAID TARGET(S) WITH NINETY-
		PERCENT (90%) ACCURACY.
			IN ORDER TO REMOVE HER FROM HIGHLY STRESSFUL 
		SITSUATIONS, DETECTIVE FIRST-CLASS MIHOSHI KURAMITSU IS 
		RECOMMENDED FOR A PROMOTION TO DETECTIVE SPECIAL-CLASS.  THE 
		LESS STRESSFUL ENVIRONMENT AND FREEDOM OF JURESDICTION OF THE 	
		POSSITION SHOULD PROVE EASIER FOR HER TO HANDLE AND HELP TO 
		KEEP HER OUT OF TROUBLE.

	"Hmm, so that's what happened," said Washu to herself.  "Hmm... 'Tokimi's 
Followers' why does that sound so familiar?"
	Washu exited the Galaxy Police Personnel Files Database.  She then typed 
the search string "TOKIMI" into the database used by her lab.  This database 
contained every single bit of information known in the entire universe no matter 
how insignificant.  Sure, not all of it was understood, but everything was 
there.
	"SEARCHING..." the computer replied in text on the screen.
	Washu leaned back on her floating cushion and closed her eyes.  A few 
minutes later the computer told her with a beep that the search had been 
completed.  She looked up at the screen.
	"SEARCH STRING 'TOKIMI' NOT FOUND."
	"What?" bellowed the scientist, "Impossible!"  That meant that Tokimi 
didn't exist.  Why would somebody make a following for something that didn't 
exist?
	Frustrated and not really giving a damn anyway, Washu got up, stretched, 
and went to re-join her daughter and the police officer.

						End Chapter Beta

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	Since I forgot to do this for the last chapter, I'll do it 2X here.

Special Thanks - Chapter Alpha:

		Roas Atrades for proofreading and for catching all those stupid 
	mistakes I made early on.
		Jeremy Stubbs for post-proofreading these even though he despises 
	anime.  (Everyone's entitled to their own opinions.)

Special Thanks - Chapter Beta:

		Roas Atrades once again for proofreading.
