Tenchi Muyo: Tenchi's Summer Break!

Disclamer: Well as you all know I do not own these characters AIC and Pioneer 
does.  I am not looking for any trouble I am just writing this story for 
people's entertainment so please dont get the wrong idea.

Tenchi Muyo: Tenchi's Summer Break!

Chapter 1: Luke's Memory of Love.

Author: Gene_Starwind

(Our story begins in the school which Tenchi goes to)

Tenchi: (Yawns) Boy i'm so glad that today is the last day im usally happy at 
school but recently i've been so bored.
Teacher: Well class i've enjoyed teaching you this year and I just want to say 
that...
(Bell rings and the whole class rushes out)
Teacher: Oh they was brats anyways!
Tenchi: Heh should we really have rushed out like that it was kind of rude.
Hikari: Loosen up Tenchi you got to have some fun!
Tenchi: Yeah well.
Hikari: So what do you plan to do over Summer Break?
Tenchi: Well mostly work at my grandfathers shrine but I have plenty of 
helpers.
Hikari: So you'll be dating mummies all year again huh Tenchi?
Tenchi: I wouldn't exactly put it that way.
Hikari: Well Tenchi see you later!
Tenchi: Yeah bye Hikari.
(Ryoko pops out of thin air and hugs Tenchi)
Ryoko: Oh Tenchi now we get to spend all summer with each other are you 
excited?
Tenchi: Ugh Ryoko im tired of hearing that......
Ryoko: Oh Tenchi im so sorry but I am just so happy!
Tenchi: (Smiles faintly) Ryoko can't you wait till I at least get home before 
you start all of this?
Ryoko: Fine but don't expect me to protect you from that devil woman! 
(Dissapears)
Tenchi: (Sighs) Its gonna be a long summer.

(At the Masaki Household)
Luke: Hey Yosho where did you put that Sword?
Grandfather Yosho: Which one?
Luke: That Dragon Sword the other sword that is used with Jurai energy.
G.Yosho: Oh that one check in my shrine it might be there. Its a shame how he 
can't find his own sword.
Luke: I heard that!
G.Yosho: Um heard what?
Tenchi: Everyone i'm home!
Sasami: Tenchi your home! Come here I want to show you something!
Tenchi: Well ok. What is it Sasami?
Sasami: Wait and you'll see!
(Pulls Tenchi out to the garden)
Sasami: Look we need more carots Ryo-Ohki ate them all again!
Tenchi: Again!? I was right this is gonna be a very long summer. Huh what is 
that?!
(Tenchi and Sasami look towards the shrine to see a giant energy blast)
Tenchi: What was that?!
(Yell comes from the shrine)
Luke: Yosho i'll get you for that!!!
Tenchi: (Smiling with eyes closed) Thats great more work heh heh.
Sasami: I hope Luke is alright.
Tenchi: Yeah me too but so much work.
(Back in the Household)
Luke: Did you set that trick up!?
G.Yosho: (Sips Tea) Yep.
Luke: Why?!
G.Yosho: To test you.
Luke: Yeah to test my pain treash hold! I should have stayed sealed up but no 
im here as a target!
G.Yosho: Calm down at least your not dead being frozen inside that tomb.
Luke: You have a point (Sigh) im gonna go practice my sword skills being sealed 
up for 1000 years i've lost some of my skills. (Dissapears)
G.Yosho: So Tenchi you know you have alot of work this summer right?
Tenchi: Yeah but hopefully if I get started right away I might have a month 
free.
Nobuyuki: Well Tenchi you have a point there what did I tell you if your 
organized you can get everything finished faster!
G.Yosho: Nice advice but howcome your never organized?
Nobuyuki: (Falls over) I don't know.
Ryoko: So that explains why you never get along with women.
Ayeka: Tenchi what a wonderful summer this will be!
Ryoko: You dimwit don't you know Tenchi has work all summer!?
Ayeka: No I didn't know that and don't call me a dimwit!
Ryoko: I'll call you anything I want to got it!
(Ayeka and Ryoko stare dead into each others eyes and lighting begins to shoot 
out of them colliding with one another)
Sasami: Won't those two ever stop?

(12:00 at night)
Luke: (Yawns) Man I hate waiting so long for this show to come on night after 
night it feels like I wait for Outlaw Star to come on for 10 hours.
Ryoko: Luke what are you doing up at this hour?
Luke: The same thing as always.
Ryoko: Oh watching TV why shouldnt I be surprised.
Luke: Hey could you throw me those chips there?
Ryoko: Get them yourself what do I look like your royal servant?
Luke: Well you could be nice once in a while!
Tenchi: Whats all the comotion out here?
Luke: Ryoko isn't nice enough to give anyone chips.
Tenchi: Thats it? (Sigh) Why do I even bother? Just do me a favor you two 
please get in bed and Luke please leave off you door alarm I hate ending up in 
the lake when I try to wake you up.
Luke: Thats why its there so I can sleep late the only person that it allows to 
get me up is Sasami and why you ask? So she can get me up when breakfast when 
its ready.
Ryoko: Well Tenchi is right I need my beauty sleep!
Luke: You mean you evil and ugly sleep.
Ryoko: What do you mean by that huh!? (Charging Energy)
Tenchi: Come on Ryoko goto bed and goodnight Luke.
Luke: (Laughing) Man Ryoko your to easy to upset.

(During everyone is asleep Luke is having dreams about his past)
Tsunami: Luke your the only one who can break the seal I am asking for your 
help please break the seal!
Luke: No I can't Tsunami I am not going to break the seal the galaxy brought it 
on its self the galaxy has gone evil therfore as the Universal Knight I will 
seal my self away from all evil.
Tsunami: And where is that?
Luke: I have scaned the Planet Earth and it seems Yosho has a shrine there I 
will forever seal my self there in eternal peace and I must only be awakend to 
break the Galactic Seal or to banish evil forever.
Tsunami: Luke please.
Luke: Im sorry I must leave you Tsunami I may be a guardian of the Galaxy but I 
can't bear the sadness.
Tsunami: How do you think I feel?! I feel exactly the same way!
Luke: Im sorry once again Tsunami. Goodbye my dear love.
Tsunami: Please wait.
Luke: Goodbye Tsunami.
Tsunami: (Crying) Please promise me............please promise me you will come 
back to me I don't want to loose you forever.
Luke: I promise I will come back to you one day Tsunami I promise you.
Tsunami: Remember Luke I will always love you!
Luke: (Smiles) I will always love you too goodbye my dear goodbye.

(Luke wakes up screaming)
Luke: Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Ugh (panting) Tsu......Tsunami.
Sasami: Luke are you alright and who is Tsunami?
Luke: Yeah im fine and im sorry that is personal Sasami. What time is it?
Sasami: 7 in the morning.
Luke: At least I got 6 hours of sleep and probably the worst ever. Sasami do 
you need any help?
Sasami: Huh well you could help if you want!
Luke: I need to take my mind off of that dream I wish I could see her again.
Sasami: Oh I'm sorry Luke come on help me with breakfast.
Luke: Thanks Sasami your the nicest person here.
Sasami: Thank you and you know your welcome to help me anytime.
Luke: (Smiles) Lets go make the best breakfast anyone has ever tasted!
Sasami: Yeah you really think it will be the best?
Luke: Sure it will I pro..........(Face gets sad)
Sasami: Luke are you alright?
Luke: (Smiles again) Yeah lets go and yes I'll make sure it will be the best 
breakfast ever!
Sasami: (Smiles) Luke you're so fun!
Luke: Thanks Sasami you too.

Next Chapter: Tenchi Muyo: The New Adventure!

Well I usually make comedy storys but i've made enough of those and im 
experamenting with a different way of writing and story type. This chapter was 
a short review on Luke and his nightmarish past as he would put it. Luke was to 
be married to Sasami (Similer to Ayeka and Yosho) But these two was not brother 
and sister and had a true love for each other. Luke was a guardian known as a 
Universal Knight the only type of guardian that could break The Galactic Seal. 
The Galactic Seal was something that could only be used with anceint Jurai 
Power and could seal any evil at any time. Luke was seperated from Tsunami 
because of the sadness and evil in the galaxy and his pure and kind heart could 
not take it anymore so he gave up all hope and sealed himself in a stone for 
1000 years at Yosho's Shrine in the mountains. During this story Luke and 
Sasami both have a special bond as friends and in the next chapter Luke is 
tired of his nightmares of his forever love of his life Tsunami and decides to 
find Tsunami and drags the Tenchi group with him.  As we all know alot of thing 
happen during the summer especially love so thats why this story is called 
Tenchi's Summer Break!  I will warn you that this story is going to be a very 
sad one so if you have a kind heart I will inform you that you may have a tear 
in your eye or might start to cry. Thanks for reading chapter one and stick 
around for Chapter 2!- Gene_Starwind

Oh and I recommend if you have the cd with Alchemy of Love or have it on 
napster you play this song it really helps you get into the story at the end of 
the chapter well thanks for reading now i'll shut up goodbye and thanks for 
reading.-Gene_Starwind


