jon.souza@creature.com (Jon Souza)

This is my first fanfic, so don't slam me too hard on it.

The situations, characters, and places in this are all based upon
the Pioneer release Tenchi Muyo, and the timeframe is set after the
Mihoshi Special.

Two notes-
1)The title theme is consistant throughout the series, but the end
theme is a parody of other series start theme, based upon one of
the characters.  This episode's parody end is based upon Mobile
Police Patlabor with Mihoshi as the main character.

2)The second season and the TV series of Tenchi Muyo are considered
parallel but distinct timelines.

Any comments, complaints, and suggestions can be sent to me at Jon
Souza@creature.com.

Now, for Tench Muyo, Season II.


                Tench Muyo Season Two, Script One
                    Title:Comings and Goings

[Start Credits, Music]

[We see Tenchi's house in a reltively intact condition(with perhaps
a few light scorch marks on various locations), in the early
morning.  For all we know, it's a quiet, calm spring day with the
birds chirping and the fog just lifting.  In fact, with the
possible exception of Aeka's guardian, Azaka floating to the door
of the house, you would be hard pressed to tell that anything was
abnormal.]

[Shift to the anteroom of the house, where a yawning Tenchi comes
down the stairs, right in the middle of putting on his shirt.
Azaka is just there, and Tenchi notices him.]

Tenchi(Yawning):G'morning, Azaka.  What's up?

Azaka(Formally):Sorry, sir, but yesterday the mailman put a letter
in the wrong way and I was only able to get it out this morning.
The letter is-

[A part of the wood slides open to reveal a small shelf with a
letter on it.  The shelf slides out and Tenchi takes the letter,
still rubbing his eyes.]

Azaka(Continuing):right here and it has a odd postmark, I've never
seen it before.

[Cut to the letter.  The address is for Tenchi at his grandfather's
shrine, the return address is in English, for an apartment in San
Fransico, Ca.]

Tenchi:It's from the United States.  That's odd, why would someone
there be writing to me?

[Tenchi opens the letter and we cut to his eyes and nose hovering
over his face.  We hear some indistinct mumbles, then suddenly a
rivule of blood runs from Tenchi's nose, his eyes roll back, and
Tenchi collapses to the floor.]

Azaka(Confused):Sir?  Are you all right?

[Fade to black, then a first person from Tenchi, with Ryouko, Aeka,
Mihoshi, Sasami, and Watsu hovering over him.  From the intensity
of the light, at least an hour has passed.]

Aeka:He's awake. [To Watsu] What was it?

[Cut to Watsu examining the letter and the envelope with a small
scanner, looking more and more confused.]

Watsu:I have no idea.  There's no sign of a drug, chemical,
technologial, psionic, or magical trace on the paper or the ink.
Even if it was a one-shot attack, there would be some sort of
residue. [Throws hands up in frustration.]

Tenchi:No, no, no, I was just really shocked.  It's a letter from
a friend of mine I haven't heard from for a long time.

Mihoshi[Examining the envelope]:Hey, I can't read the return
address, where's it from?

[Aeka grabs the envelope, and glares at Mihoshi.]

Aeka:It's from somewhere else on this planet!  Some place called-
[She reads the envelope] San Fransico, California, United States of
America, wherever that is.

Tenchi:It's from an old friend of mine.  He lives in the United
States.

Aeka[Curious]:Why would that shock you?

Tenchi:He's coming here, I owe him a big favor, and he needs
someplace to stay.  We've been friends for, hm, eight, nine years.

Aeka[Confused, Curious]:Why is that a problem?  [Answer dawns on
her.]  You've told him about all of us?

Tenchi:No, not really.  I've told him that five girls were staying
at Grandfather's shrine, we moved the house to the shrine, and
that's about it.  Not about anything else, Kagato, Ryo-Oh-Ki-Chan,
or anything near that.  But the big problem is that the letter was
late and he's going to arrive at the Tokyo airport today!

Ryouko:Couldn't you put him off?  Say that the situation has
changed and he can't come over?

Watsu:No, the way I read the letter was that Tenchi already
arranged this a while in advance, and he's giving this guy the same
consideration that he gave to Tenchi.

Tenchi:I spent three months in the United States and he put me up.
I owe him a place to stay while he's in Japan.  Also, he's bringing
me over some stuff.

Sasami:Hey!  When is he coming in?

Tenchi:In about five hours, his flight is coming in from Hawaii to
Tokyo.

Watsu:We'll need to leave soon, else we'll be late.  We just can't
teleport in and out, I don't think we could let anyone know what's
going on.

[Pause, then a transition from the house to an airport scene, as a
plane lands at the airport and pulls into the terminal.  From
inside the terminal at a JAL desk, we see people file out.  One of
them is an American in his late teens/early twenties, brown haired
and well built.  He has over his shoulder two duffel bags and looks
around.]

Airport Announcer[First in English, then in Japanese]:JAL flight
281, non-stop from Hawaii to Tokyo has arrived at Gate 39.  Will
Michael Thomas pick up the white courtesy phone.

[The American sighs, then walks to the phone in the wall with all
the backround noise from the announcers to the babble of the
airport.  He picks up the phone, and we can't make any sense of
what we see, except that his face is glum then become happy.  He
puts down the phone, and walks off to baggage pickup.]

[At baggage pickup, the American has at least three large hardside
cases and two art tubes, tagged for JAL.  Sitting on the bag, he's
reading a Time magazine when we hear in the backround-]

