Authors Notes: Hello! So, here's the deal. This episode takes place in November 2001. 
The incidents regarding, Kain/Achika and Yuzuha/Mayuka and Haruna have long since 
passed. This Episode takes place in both the present and the future. This is also based on 
Tenchi Universe. Now Ayeka and Yosho are NOT RELATED in any way shape or form 
except that they are both Juraian. Now on with the show!!

Episode 1: The Future Arrives 

	The sun shined brightly through Tenchi's Bedroom window. It warmed his eyes 
as they fluttered with a dream. Then he felt thing plop down on his bed. 
	"Oh come now you can't still be sleepy?"
	"Come on."
	"Get up."

Tenchi sat up.
	"Well what is it?"
	"I just want to spend the day with my son. Is that wrong?"

Tenchi looked into Achika's eyes. Tenchi laughed. 
	"Well couldn't I at least get some sleep first?"

They both laughed. Then Tenchi opened his eyes and stared at the ceiling. 
	"What'd you dream about?"
	"Huh?" He sat up and stared straight at Ryoko's face, which was only an inch 
away from his. She was floating over his bed.
	"Ah! Ryoko what have I told you about coming into my room like that!" He 
screamed. 

	Her bags and blood shot eyes weren't something you'd like to see when you 
open your eyes first thing in the morning. In fact its down right scary.
	"Well I just wanted to make sure you were ok." She turned around and sat next to 
him. She wrapped her arms around him and began drawing little circles on his chest.
	"Ryoko no more, when will you get it?"
	"I can't help it. I just care so much about you!" She said softly into his ear.

He threw her arms from around him and stood up.
	"Yeah well thanks for caring. But how many times do I have to say it? I can take 
	care of myself."

He walked to the door.
	"Tenchi! Where are you going?"
	"To take a shower Ryoko." He said plainly.
	"Oh, well do you want me to help you?"
	"Ryoko!"
	"What?"

He just sighed, opened the door and closed it behind him. Ryoko sat on the bed.
	"Hmph. He's so grouchy this morning. Oh well." She disappeared.

Later in the day.
	
	Ayeka sat by the lake. She sat there drawing the scenery in a sketchpad. Tenchi 
walked outside wearing a black shirt with white buttons, blue jeans, and black sneakers. 
He noticed Ayeka and quietly walked over to her to see her sketch. 
	"Wow that's pretty good."
	"Ah!" Ayeka squeezed the pad against her chest. "Oh L-Lord Tenchi." She 
relaxed a bit. 
	"Heh. Heh." 
	"Uh..."
	"I didn't know you liked to draw Ayeka."
	"Well yes, uh sometimes." She looked at him. "Uh where are you going?"
	"Hmm, oh just to the market for Sasami. Would you like to come along?"
	"Oh. Of course Lord Tenchi."
	"Ok we should get going then." He held out his hand. She blushed a little and 
took it. He pulled her up and they walked around the house to the van.

	~Place: Yagami~ 
	 Year:  2014
	 Month: July
	 Day: Tuesday
	 Time: 2:15 am
	
	"Washu, are they ok?" A woman in her early twenties asked. She had straight 
shoulder length blue hair. 
	"They're fine Mayuka." Washu answered without feeling in her voice. Washu 
was in adult form. 
	"How can you tell me that!" 
	"Why?" A young man of about 18 asked. "Why can't I be there to help my father?"
	"Tensai!" Washu said sharply. "You can ask all you want, but this is war. And 
	you couldn't possibly help you father. You do not have the power."
	"And who are you to talk about my brother!" Tenaka asked. She was his twin sister. 
	"Don't talk to Washu like that!" Mayuka shouted at her younger sister. "She is 
	going through more than we are."
	"And is her father down there fighting for his life!"

Mayuka said nothing.
	"Ryoko is with him. She won't let him die." Washu said.
	"But what IF she dies!!!" Tenaka shouted. 
	"Enough!" Tsunami shouted. 

	They were in the house, which was aboard the Yagami. It floated in a quiet spot in 
space. But and orange planet below, Lisojo, was not a quiet place. A war was going on, a 
war between Jurai and the Sojians. Lady Tokimi the leader of the Sojians.  
Tsunami/Sasami was just beginning to complete the long awaited assimilation. The two 
triangles still adorned her forehead.
	"I'm tired of this constant arguing! Neither of you will go down there and fight. I 
	will not have it and neither will Tenchi." Tsunami said.
	"Tsunami! He could be dying rightnow!" 
	"Stop talking like that! Besides if he was dead we would be too!"

Tenaka turned and ran into her brother's arms. They were all standing in the living room 
of the house. 
	"Where's Ayeka?" Sasami asked.
	"She came back from the battle and is in my lab with Megami." 

	Megami was Tenchi's youngest daughter. She had green eyes and long red hair that 
reached her ankles. It always seemed that she had a special connection with Tenchi. She 
loved him more than anyone else ever could. She is also very different from her siblings.
	"What? She's not fighting? Why!" Tensai asked.
	"She had good reason to come back." Washu said. She walked to the lab door.
	"Where the heck are you going? You just came out of there after like a week!" 
Mayuka said. 
	"I have work to do." She entered her lab. 

Mihoshi and Kiyone sat in the cockpit. Somehow they had managed to survive and were 
monitoring the battle below. 
	"Tenchi's really holding up down there. But I don't know how much longer he 
	can last."
	"What do you mean Kiyone?"
	"I mean Tenchi's never used the Light Hawk Wings for this amount of time. It's 
	draining him. And I hate to say it but the outcome of this battle is pretty obvious."
	"What is it? Tenchi's going to win right?"
	"I'm afraid that's not the case Mihoshi."
	"So you're saying..."
	"Tenchi is going to lose." 
 
	They said nothing else but they watched Tenchi on the monitor. He was out of breath but 
was still blocking beams thrown by Tokimi. Then she took out a light saber and ran at an 
incredible speed toward Tenchi. Tenchi was tired and caught off guard so he took a slash 
from his right shoulder to the left side of his stomach. He let out a cry of pain. Ryoko 
turned around.
	"Oh God! Tenchi!" 

Tokimi stepped back. 
	"It was fun, you could have ruled beside me. But alas you have failed to protect 
	whom you love so much."
Ryoko ran to Tenchi, dodging beams and bodies. 
	"I'm sorry but you are in my way. Goodbye Prince Tenchi." Tokimi drew her 
sword above her head. "Ya!!" 
	"Aahhhhh!!" Tenchi screamed.
	"No!" Ryoko screamed. 
	"Oh my God!" Kiyone screamed.
	"Tenchi!" 

Everyone heard this cry. Except those in the lab. They ran quickly to 
the cockpit. 
	"What is it?" Mayuka asked. 
	"Where's my father?" Tenaka asked. 

	Tensai said nothing but stared at the screen, 
which showed his father bloody, and in his eyes, dead. Kiyone stood supporting herself 
on the control panel in front of it. 
	"He's dead!" She managed to get out. Mihoshi had her head down on her knees 
and cried loudly. 
	"No!" Mayuka said.
	"No! No! No!" Tenaka screamed. "No!" Tensai held her with tears streaking 
down his face. 
	"Oh my- oh Tenchi!" Sasami stood there frozen. Mayuka nearly fell to her knees. 

	She sat in the corner of the room and stared at the floor. 
In the lab Ayeka felt a sharp pain in her head. She looked up and Megami was 
looking at her. 
	"What is it?" she asked.
	"Tenchi." Ayeka got up and ran out of the lab with Megami on her tail.
 	Washu sat in her chair in the center of the lab. Tears flowed from her eyes. She 
had seen telepathically what her sister had done. She closed her eyes and punched a 
whole in her control panel. The entire lab went black.
 	Ayeka entered the cockpit as soon as Kiyone fell to her knees. She looked dead 
ahead and saw the screen. She could say nothing. All she could do was tremble before 
collapsing to the ground. Sasami looked down at her and knelt beside her. She rubbed her 
sister's back. Megami was out of breath and walking slowly to the open doors of the 
cockpit. She walked slowly trying to figure out what was happening. Tenaka looked up.
	"Megami!" 

	Mayuka looked up from where she sat. Megami was still walking to the door. Mayuka 
quickly got up and grabbed her sister, trying to prevent her from seeing Tenchi. 
	"No. Let me see." Megami said calmly and quietly. She was trying to push her 
way past her sister. 
	"Let her in." Ayeka said. Her was voice now calm. She first got to her knees then 
stood up. "I said let her in." 
	
	Mayuka found it hard to let her sister by but she did.

~Present~
	
	"Where's Tenchi?" Ryoko asked. She sat on the kitchen counter drinking a glass 
of water. 
	"Oh I sent in to the market to but some things for dinner." Sasami said with her 
head in the refrigerator. 
	"Oh. I guess I'll go see what Washu's up to."
	"Are you sure you want to do that?" Sasami said as she came out of the fridge 
grinning. Ryoko thought on this for a moment. Did she really feel like being strapped 
down and poked at?
	"Uh never mind." She flew up through the ceiling.
	"I thought so." Sasami went back into the fridge. 

	Washu sat in her lab. "Hmm?" She noticed something irregular on one of the many 
screens around her. 
 
~Future~

	Tokimi walked away from Tenchi and into a fire. Laughing the entire time. 
Ryoko finally reached Tenchi. He laid there a frozen bloody statue. She put his head in 
her lap. 	
	"No!!! Tenchi please look at me!" She sobbed and laid her head on his.
	"Ryoko." Tenchi coughed. 
	"Tenchi! Don't talk I'll take you to Washu."
	"No! That's what she wants."
	"What are you saying?"
	"You have to let me die!"
	"No! I am not letting you die!" Ryoko said with anger in her voice.
	"She doesn't know where Washu and Sasa- (cough)-mi are. You can't lead her to 
	them."
	"But the girls..."
	"They'll be fine. They're strong, just like you." He tried to grin. But it was too 
painful. "I love you Ryoko. I want you to know that."
	"I...uh. Oh Tenchi." She laid her head on his. "I...love you too."
	"You mustn't fight her Ryoko (cough) you...won't win."
	"I'd rather die than live without you." She said coldly.
	"Tell everyone I love them and I'm sorry." He managed to smile before his eyes 
	closed. 
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko shook him. Then bowed her head. Tokimi's laughter could be 
heard echoing around her. Ryoko looked up and cried out to the sky.
	"Aahhhhhhhhhhh!!" 

	Megami slowly walked up to the monitor. The room fell silent and everyone watched her 
carefully. She placed her hand over Tenchi on the screen. 
	"Oh daddy." She whispered. She turned around and walked out the door. 
	"Where are you going?" Mayuka asked her with tears in her voice.
	"To avenge my father." 
	"What no!" I won't lose you too!" 

	Megami ran for the teleportation room. Mayuka and the others followed after. But they 
were seconds too late as Megami disappeared and reappeared on the fiery planet. She 
landed right behind Ryoko. Suddenly her strength took a surge. Then seven Light Hawk 
Wings appeared, three on each arm and one before her waist. 
	"You can't fight her."
	"You can't...but I can." 
	"Now just what are you going to do?" Ryoko asked in a low voice.
	"What do you think?"
	"I won't allow it!" Ryoko snapped at her. "You now its stupid for you to 
	challenge her!"
	"Then what do you suggest we do? Let her get away with her crimes!"
	"Tenchi doesn't want you to fight!"
	"What?" You mean...my father was alive." She whispered. "You let him die."
	"He didn't want me to take him to Wa-"
	"You let him die!"
	"I didn't want to!"
	"But you did! I-how can I forgive you for this?"
Ryoko said nothing. They heard three beeps.
	"Ryoko, I'm ready." Washu said through a communicator is Ryoko's ear.
	"I got you."
A white light surrounded them. 
	"What? No!" Megami shouted.

~Present~

   Tenchi put a bag of groceries in the trunk when it happened. 
	"Oh!"  Head grabbed his head, blinked three times, and then looked up.
	"Are you alright Lord Tenchi?"
	"I just got this headache." He looked and saw someone standing in front of the 
van. It was him! He saw himself standing in front of the van. Tenchi ran to the front but it 
was gone. Ayeka stared at him with worry in her eyes. 
	
	"So you see I'm worried. You remember what happened the last time this 
	happened." Washu concluded. She sat in her lab looking at an image on a rather 
large screen in front of her.
	"Yes I do." Kiyone answered from the Yagami. She was dressed in full uniform. 
So was Mihoshi who sat behind her chomping down pieces of chocolate. 
	"So just keep a look out won't ya?"
	"Alright. Have you told Tenchi about it?"
	"Mmm...no." 
	"Washu."
	"What? The poor boy's going through enough I'd say. Ryoko, Ayeka, and 
Mayuka! He's got enough on his hands right now."
	"Ok. We'll keep a look out Washu." Kiyone's face disappeared. 

Washu turned to another screen behind her. On the screen seemed to be an image of DNA. There 
was a line down the middle. She rose and eyebrow.

~Future~

	"Washu what the heck was that?" Tensai asked.
	"Hold on hold on. There seems to be some sort of anomaly."
	"Well fix it!" Tenaka shouted.

Washu glanced up at her then went back to her work.
	
	There was a sudden flash of bright light. Ryoko and Megami stood at the door 
inside the lab.Megami merely stared at the floor while Ryoko's glare was on Washu. Washu 
glanced up and nodded once. 
	"The past?" Mayuka asked.

Tenaka paced back and forth.
	"How will you do that?" Mayuka asked.
	"Time travel. It's simple really. But I'm not sure that I have what I need to make 
	this work properly."
	"So why are we doing this is you're not sure it'll work?"
	"Well what other choice do we have? Traveling back in time is the only way."
Tenaka stopped her pacing. 
	"How will time traveling fix anything? This is NOW."
	"Wouldn't you like to see your father again?"
Tenaka looked up. 
	"It's the past. He won't even know who I am." 
	"If you go back, you can change all of this. This will never happen."

Mayuka, Tenaka, and Tensai looked up in shock and hope. 
	"You mean we can change this? My dad will come back!"
	"Yeah that's a part of it. But you see back then Tenchi was stronger and really 
	able to fight. But he saw no threat to us and stopped his training. He got weaker. 
	So generating the Light Hawk Wings took more energy then it should have."

There was silence.
	"But unfortunately, back then Tenchi cannot create the wings by will. He does it 
	as what you would call a last resort. He doesn't know how to do it on his own."
	"He can learn." Megami said. She walked up to Washu. She stood about 5 inches 
shorter than Washu. 
	"Washu with the way you are speaking, you make it sound like they will have to 
	come into contact with our past selves." Ayeka stated. 

She sat at a panel. She spoke with a quiet voice and her palms pressed against each cheek.
	"They will have to Lady Ayeka. They have to warn them of Tokimi and teach 
	them to fight. Martial Arts, fencing, the works, we had no knowledge of anything we just 
	left it all up to Tenchi. We can't do that. We do have to assist him in some way. We have 
	to be able to fight."
	"But isn't that dangerous. Won't that create a time paradox or something?"
	"Ayeka we must interfere with the past. The children will be born. But all of this 
	will be undone. Of course we will have memory of it. But Lord Tenchi will be 
	here. And by doing this maybe Tokimi will be defeated in the past. It isn't likely 
	but it is possible." 
 	
There was a pause.
	"So do it." Megami said. 
	"Please Washu!" Tenaka said. "I-I want to see my father again!" 
	"Ok but he will not know who you are, and you must not reveal to them who your 
	mother is."
Ayeka turned and looked at Washu. Ryoko did the same. 
	"You can call Tenchi your father. But the mother must remain unknown, at least 
	until Tenchi chooses. But you should wait until things calm down before you tell 
	them of the events that have taken place here in their future. So let's get started!"

~Present~

	"Oh Tenchi!" Ryoko wrapped herself around him. "Where were you I missed 
	you."
"Ryoko do you really have to do this now I'm busy." Tenchi stood at the front 
door holding a bag of groceries while Ryoko held him.
Ayeka walked to the door.
	"Hey! You stop that now! Cut it out!"
	"You know Tenchi I was thinking of some things we could do together. Alone."
Tenchi gulped.
	"STOP THAT RIGHT NOW!" 
	"And what are you gonna do?"
	"Oh. Lord Tenchi doesn't want to be bothered with you."
	"Is that right?"
	"Daddy!" A four-year-old girl with two blue pigtails and Ryo-Ohki on her head 
ran out of the kitchen.
	"Hey sweetheart." Tenchi smiled down at her. 

Ryoko and Ayeka stared at each other.	
	"Did you buy me something!"
	"Yep."
	"Yay! What'd ya get?"

They walked into the kitchen and Ryoko and Ayeka still stood there staring each other 
down.
	"Man." He sat the groceries on the counter. "When will this all be over?" 
	"Huh?" Mayuka asked.
	"Uh nothing, how 'bout some ice cream huh?" He smiled.
She giggled. "Yeah!"
	Suddenly, he got this feeling. He felt like something, a presence, inside of him 
was being pulled out of his body. He grabbed his head and fell to the floor with a loud 
thud. 
	"Daddy!" Mayuka screamed.
	"What?" Ryoko said.
	"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka shouted. 

Sasami dashed down the stairs. 
	"What was that what's going on?" Sasami yelled.
 
	They all ran into the kitchen. Tenchi lay there on the ground grabbing his head and 
Mayuka sat and cried by his side. Ayeka dropped her groceries. She and Ryoko jumped 
to either side of him and Sasami took Mayuka up into her arms as she cried. 
	"Tenchi what's wrong?" Ryoko asked.
	"Lord Tenchi, are you alright?" 

But Tenchi's replies were just groans. 

	At the Masaki shrine, then sun beamed down brightly on the place. The owner of 
the shrine diligently swept the steps. He stopped his work and looked up into the bright 
blue sky. Something was under way and light reflected off of his glasses. Then he 
continued his work.
Washu opened the kitchen door and looked at Tenchi. Then she looked at the 
back door. For someone was approaching. She gasped as the approaching figure became 
familiar, too familiar. It was Tsunami. Washu stood speechless as she came closer. She 
opened the door and stepped through. Everyone looked up and gasped at the person 
standing before them. 
	"Tsunami." Ryoko said.

Tenchi groaned and sat up to look at her. 
	
	Everyone sat in the living room. Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi sat on one sofa. 
Sasami (with Ryo-Ohki perched atop her head), Washu and Tsunami sat on the other. 
Mayuka sat on the floor in front of the coffee table. Crayons and pieces of paper were 
scattered across the table and she sat there drawing and coloring. Tsunami was sipping a 
cup of tea then Ayeka spoke.
	"Please, tell me Lady Tsunami, what reason is it that you have for coming here?"
Tsunami giggled.
	"Please, call me Sasami. I haven't yet completed my assimilation with Tsunami. 
	So to you I'm just Sasami." She sipped her tea again.
	"Fine, but why are you here!" Ryoko said with a hint of anger in her voice.
	"Ryoko please." Ayeka said.
	"No it's alright." Tsunami said. "I've come from the future." 
	"WHAT?" Everyone gasped and Ryo-Ohki meowed. 
	"B-but why have you come here?" Ayeka asked.

Tsunami sat the cup on the table.
	"In the future, the world is in a terrible trouble. A great evil unleashed its wrath 
	upon the universe. We tried to stop it but failed."
	"What do you mean failed?" Ryoko asked.
	"What I am saying Ryoko is that in the future, Tenchi dies in battle with this monster."
	"WHAT?" Everyone gasped again.
	"No way. This must be a trick." Ryoko said.
	"I kid you not Ryoko. Tenchi dies in YOUR arms during the battle. YOU came 
	back to us and told us that Tenchi had said not let his children fight. So Washu had no 
	choice but to send us back to this time. To prepare you."
	"So I was there when Tenchi died in the future?"
	"That IS what I just told you, and we saw Tenchi's death from the Yagami. But 
	we were powerless to stop it."
	"Wait a minute. You said 'We,' and you mentioned that Tenchi had children. 
	Someone must have come back with you then. So who and exactly how many of 
	you have come back to this era? And why would uh I let you come into contact 
	with us?" 
	"Well Washu, you didn't see any other solution. Too many people had died in that 
	battle. A war was sparked between the Juraians and an army of evil beings. You felt that 
	we had to come back and interfere with SOME of the events back here. Tenchi is 
	stronger at this point of his life than in the future."
	"Yeah but back to the most important question, who is 'We?'" Ryoko said.
	"'We' is myself, and Tenchi's children. Four children to be exact."
	"Wha-!" Everyone shouted together again.
	"Well, where are they?" Ryoko asked.
	"Well Ryoko you sure do answer a lot of questions." She sipped some more tea. 
	"Well," She gulped her tea, "ah," she put the cup down and looked toward the 
	kitchen, "they should be arriving at any moment now. I can't imagine what could be 
	taking them so long hmm." She sipped some more tea.
	"You've got to be kidding me!" Ryoko said.
	"Oh please Ryoko why don't you just shut up now!" Ayeka snapped at her. 

Ryoko looked at Ayeka with a low growl.
	"I ought to just..." Ryoko tried to control herself.
	"Sister, I was wondering if I could ask..." Ayeka started.
	"Sure Ayeka go ahead."
	"Well I was just wondering, if Tenchi has four children, then he must have a wife 
right?"
	"Yes..."
	"Well..."
	"Oh no Ayeka."
	"Oh Sasami." Ayeka leaned forward supporting herself on the coffee table with 
her left hand as she made a fist with the other.
	"No Ayeka I'm sorry, I cannot tell you who his wife is."
	"Oh." Ayeka growled and sat back down.
	"Ha!" Ryoko teased.
Suddenly..."BOOM!" A loud crashed was heard coming from the back of the house.
	"Meow!"
	"What was that?" Washu asked.
	"Well I would say they're here." Tsunami said before taking another sip of tea.

	Everyone, except Tsunami and Mayuka, got up and ran into the kitchen and out the back 
door. Mayuka sat there and still continued to color. Tsunami got up and walked calmly 
into the kitchen. Everyone stood in shock staring at a tangled heap of people who lay one 
on top of the other. Slowly they unraveled themselves. What surprised them most, was 
that the first was to stand up.
	"Mayuka!" Sasami said. 

	Mayuka coughed and brushed herself off. She is 22 years old now. She wore blue jeans, 
white sneakers and a pink blouse. Her hair was not up in two ponytails, but down in two 
braids. 
	"Hi Sasami." She smiled. 
	
	Everyone then looked in surprise at the other three 
people that got up one by one. The next to get up was Tensai. He is 17 1/2 years old. He 
wore black sneakers, blue jeans and Tenchi's shrine tunic. He had the same usual 
hairstyle that Tenchi normally wears. If not for a height difference and his lighter skin 
color, one would mistake him for Tenchi. He stood about 3 inches shorter than Mayuka, 
so did Tenchi and the rest of his children. The next was Megami, the youngest. She is 
about 16 years old. She wore a green shirt, light brown skirt, and light brown sandals. She 
had beautiful red hair that reached her ankles. But now, it was pulled back in a bun in the 
back on her head. She was beautiful and fair. But by her appearance, red hair and green 
eyes, no one would believe that she was Tenchi's daughter. Finally, the last to stand was 
Tenaka, Tensai's twin sister. She was younger than him by about 2 and half hours. She 
had long silky black hair that hung loose just below her waist. She wore a knee length 
brown dress with brown shoes. She was very cute and she and her brother were the only 
ones who had their father's black hair and brown eyes. Tsunami walked up behind them 
and cleared her throat.
	"Ahem. Well in the order that they are standing, I will introduce them to you. I'm 
	pretty sure you know Mayuka." 
Mayuka waved and smiled.
	"Next, meet Tensai. He's Tenchi's first and only son."

Tensai sighed, waved and walked passed them and into the house. Tenchi and co. 
watched his every move.
	"Um yes well ok. Uh next we have Megami. She's Tenchi's youngest daughter. 
	And she's skilled in martial arts." 

Megami looked up and smiled but said nothing.
	"And last but not least, we have Tensai's twin sister Tenaka. She too is very 
	skilled in martial arts. Their mother trained them in the art."
	Tenaka did not move nor did she smile. But she gazed at the ground with her arms 
crossed.  Everyone was speechless. 

They all sat outside on the patio. 
	"Now say this again." Ryoko said.
	"You are in TROUBLE!!" Mayuka shouted.
	"Yeah but what kind of trouble?" 
	"Oh geez!" Mayuka slapped herself on her forehead.  
Washu instructed Mayuka not to tell them for a little while.
	"A person is going to create a war many, many years from now." Tsunami said.
	"Oh." Everyone said. 
	"Alright! Looks like we're back in business!" Washu smiled.
	"Here goes another adventure." Tenchi sighed.
	"Yay!" Sasami cheered. 
Ryoko and Ayeka only sighed.
	
	But in the sky way above the earth into the darkness of space, an enemy's 
shadowed face grins and looks down at the earth. The new Tenchi Muyo saga has already 
begun. And a new enemy lies in wait in the darkness.



Tenchi: Well, looks like-
Sasami: We're baaaaack!
Ryo-Ohki: Miya!
Kiyone: And Tenchi's a father!
Little Mayuka: I know he's MY daddy.
All of Tenchi's kids: Ours too!
Little Mayuka: Huh?
Ayeka: But who's the mother?
Tenchi: And looks like we're going to have to enroll the kids into my old high school. 
And hey who's that ghost that's in our house!
Mihoshi: Did you say g-g-ghost!
Tenchi: Tune in next time for "No need for ghosts of the past."
Mihoshi: Aaaaaah! 
Ryoko: It's hauntingly spooky.
Mihoshi: Oh no!

Episode 2: No need for ghosts of the past. (bong bong!)

Author's Notes: Ok (phew!) now that's over! Well this was my first fanfic. So if you find 
the time, email me at Tangielo@aol.com and let me know what you think. Send all 
comments. You could also send some ideas for the storyline. If someone would like to 
help or become a partner in writing this that would be great. So thank you for taking the 
time to read my fic! 

Leanne


Copyrighted November 11, 2001

