__________
DISCLAIMER:  Tenchi Universe and the characters protrayed in the TV
series are the property of AIC and Pioneer.  This work of fiction is
a form of fan appreciation for the series and was made for the purposes
of fan appreciation only.  Please take no legal action against me because
I am not gaining any money from writing this story.
__________
Author's Notes:  I've been trying to write this series for some time now.
I have one other series that is doing very well, but this one has been
a problem.  This is the third and final rewrite of it that I am doing
on this series.  Its inspired by a dream I had after listened to the
English version of "New Dimension of Love" which is the song that plays
at the very end of "No Need For A Conclusion", Tenchi Universe ep 26.  Most
of this story cames from that dream and the rest I made up as I went
along.  Byt the way, the name if the ship I borrowed from the movie Tenchi
Forever.  Enjoy...
__________

TENCHI UNIVERSE II

EPISODE TWO: NO NEED FOR SOMETHING SPECIAL
BY MICHAEL "THE-ZORCH" HANEY
   zorch@the-zorch.com
   http:\\worldotenchi.the-zorch.com
___________
	The Jurai Star proved to be a very luxurious vessel.  It had been the
first Jurai ship that Tenchi had been on since he return home, and when he 
broke
into the Jurai battleship to rescue Aeka and Ryoko.  The space tree at the 
heart
of the ship was similar to Ryouhl.  Tenchi was amazed at how smooth the ride 
on
the ship was compared to the Yagami.  A large garden grew inside the ship 
and it
was here they spent a great deal of time.  He sat watching Sasami running 
around
chasing Ryu-Ohki, giggling all the way.  It warmed his heart to see her at 
play.
She was technically his girlfriend, as were the rest of the young ladies on 
the
ship, but she held a special place in his heart.  Physically she was 8 years 
old
by human standards, and thus was unable to give him the same love the rest
could, but Tenchi was not out to get that from them.  He spent as much time 
as
he could with her, playing, talking, helping her in the galley, and she 
loved
every minute of it.  They were growing very close.
	Aeka stood at the control podium, her hand hovering above the controls.
Ryoko materialized next to her and they watched as the stars raced by.
	"Funny how we all end up in space together again." she said.
	"At least we are getting along better." Aeka commented.
	"You know, you're not that bad of a person now that I come to think about
it, Princess." Ryoko admitted.
	Aeka turned to Ryoko shocked to hear those words come from her.  "I have
to say that since our new situation you have proved to be a trustworthy 
person
also." Aeka told her.
	"Its all for the love of Tenchi." Ryoko said.
	Aeka sighed, not an exasperated one, but a sigh of contentment.  "If only
this happened earlier all of the heartache, pain, and misery we lived 
through
could have all been avoided." she said.
	"That's all ancient history as far as I'm concerned." said Ryoko.
	Washu walked up at that moment wearing her golden swimsuit.  Her crimson
hair was wet from her swim in the pond that surrounded the space tree in the
ship's garden.
	"Say, who's coming for a swim?" she asked.  "The water is nice and warm,
and I'd ask Tenchi but he's busy watching Sasami play with Ryu-Ohki and I 
don't
want to disturb him."
	"Being the girldfriend of a 18 year old man must be very daunting for
her." Aeka said.
	"Excuse me, but aren't we all the ones who are older than Tenchi?" Ryoko
asked.
	"True, but Sasami is still physically and mentally an 8 year old." Washu
said.
	"Does that mean she loves him any less than we do?" Ryoko said, but it was
more a statement than a question.
	"Excellent point." Aeka commented.  "I for one would never question
Sasami's feelings for Tenchi, because as he sister I know for a fact that 
she
does love and adore him."
	Washu folded her arms and tapped her petite foot.  "Well, if this is
settled then lets go and have a swim." she said.
	"Jurai Star can handle the flight from here, yes, lets go." said Aeka and
she put the ship on autopilot letting the space tree take over the rest of 
the
flight.

	The girls splashing and playful screaming drew Tenchi and Sasami's
attention and they soon joined the ladies in the water.  They swam around 
Jurai
Star's large roots and dove under the water.  Tenchi thought Sasami was so 
cute
in her pink and white bathing suit with her hair done up in a bun.  The 
others
were very beautiful too, he thought they looked like angels as they swam 
through
the warm, crystal clear waters of the pond.  Eventually they stopped their
horseplay and just relaxed among the roots of the space tree.  Ryoko had
teleported to the galley and got a large bottle of sake and some glasses.
	"I think we should make a toast to love." Aeka said.
	"Yes, and to Kiyone." Tenchi said.
	"Yes." the others agreed and they clicked their glasses together.  Even
Sasami was allowed to have a small glass.
	"Remember that time Washu's dimensional what's-its-name went nuts and we
got stuck in those parallel worlds?" asked Ryoko.
	"That what's-its-name was my Dimensional Tuner, and that whole escapade
was all your fault if you don't remember." Washu said pointing a finger at 
her.
	"I remember my world." Sasami said.  "I was Magical Girl Pretty Sammy, and
I used my Love Beam to make Aeka and Sasami like each other."
	"Thank goodness that wasn't real." Aeka said, scratching the back of her
head, remembering that she and Ryoko shared a kiss because of that beam.
	"I remember mine, Tenchi and I were gangsters living a really exciting
life." Ryoko said.
	Aeka giggled.  "I was so angry that I was actually going to go out looking
for you with a shotgun." she laughed.
	"Mihoshi had an interesting world, I was her daughter, Tenchi was my dad,
you were Tenchi's sister who was really mean, and Ryoko kept trying to 
seduce
Tenchi away." Sasami giggled.
	"That was where Aeka's royal bitchiness really showed its colors." Ryoko
laughed.
	"What about Kiyone's world, you were no angel in that world either." Aeka
told her.  She surprised herself at how well she took Ryoko's remark.
	"Now, now, no fighting you guys promised." Sasami said waving her finger
at them.
	"Kiyone's world was the most peaceful of all of them." Tenchi said, tbey
all turned to him and noticed that the line of discussion was bringing up 
old
memories that were getting to him.
	"We're been thoughtless, we're sorry Tenchi." Aeka said as she swam over
to him and put an arm around him.
	"I never even got to say goodbye to her before I left Jurai." he said, and
with that he could not hold back the sadness anymore and tears fell.  The 
girls
gathered around him and held him trying to ease his pain.
	They left the pond and walked him to his quarters.  Aeka drew him a warm
bath, Ryoko set him out some cloths, and Sasami went to start dinner in the
galley.  Washu went off on her own and tried to think of some ways to take
Tenchi's mind off things.  It hurt them all deeply to see him sad, such a 
show
of emotion was not characteristic of the old Tenchi, but now he was free to
openly show his feelings for them and it disturbed them to see their beloved 
in
tears.

	Tenchi was looking better than he did after a bath and a short nap.  They
gathered for dinner in a large dinning hall further back on the ship.  They 
had
a large domed windows here that gave them a beautiful view of space.  Sasami 
and
Washu set the table and they all sat down.  Tenchi said a Shinto prayer over 
the
meal, and then he stopped and looked at them all.
	"I want to say that I am blessed to have so many people who love me so
much." he said.
	"We love you Tenchi, and we are here for you." Aeka said.  "If we were in
a similar situation we known that you would do the same for us."
	"You've alwasy been nice to us, we need to return the favor more often."
Ryoko said.
	"Yes, you took us into your home, put up with us for three months, and
then
you risked your life for us." Sasami said.
	"In the short time that we have known each other we have become so much
closer than I could have ever predicted." Washu said.
	Tenchi closed his eyes and his self-control helped him stifle a tear that
threatened to form in his eyes.
	"I never want what we have together to end, when we get the opportunity I
want to marry you, all of you." he said.
	"I think that would be wonderful." Aeka said and the other girls nodded in
agreement.
	Tenchi took a taste of his dinner and he closed his eyes.  The mix of
spices and herbs were unlike anything he ever tasted before.
	"Sasami, this is really good." he said.
	The little princess blushed.  "Its a another Juraian dish, this time made
with original ingredients grown on Jurai." she said.
	"I just had a thought, what if we all get pregnant?" Ryoko asked.
Sasami's entire face turned a blood red.
	"We haven't even, you know what, with him yet." Washu said gesturing to
Sasami.  She was now almost as red as a candied apple.  Tenchi quickly wiped 
a
small trickle of blood from his nose with a napkin.

	That night Tenchi put a great deal of thought into the subject of being
sensual with the girls.  He certainly loved them, and he wanted to start a
family with them, but were they ready to go that far yet.  Was he ready to 
go
that far yet.  As he thought about it, lying on his bed in his quarters, 
Tenchi
imagined what it would be like to be with them, not all at once which would 
have
been his Father's style, but one at a time.  The more the thought about it, 
and
the more he thought about it the more he thought it would be a good idea to 
do
something nice for all of them.  If anything happened during that time, 
well, it
would come natural.  It was the way he wanted it to happen.  He did not want 
to
have sex with them for the sake of sex, but out of love and affection.  
Sasami
had to be approached a different way, he did love her just as much, but 
certain
things would not be appropriate in her case.  He quickly detailed a plan of
action in his mind and decided to approach Sasami with it in the morning, 
since
he would need her help on some of it.
	The daytime cycle on the ship started and Tenchi set out to execute his
plan, but first he had to see someone.  Sasami was in the galley getting
breakfast ready, Tenchi slowly sneaked up behind her and kissed her on the 
top
of her head.  She smiled and blushed a little bit.
	"Good morning, Tenchi." she said cheerfully.
	"Miya!" Ryu-Ohki meowed from a nearby table, hugging a large carrot.
	"Sasami, I was wondering if you could do me a favor." he asked.
	"Sure, anything for you Tenchi." she said.
	Tenchi did his best to detail his plans for the next few days for each of
the three older women in his life without embarasing her with any special
details he would handle himself.  He did say that she would not be left out 
and
she would get her day alone with him too.
	"A private picnic in the garden for each of us, that's wonderful, Tenchi."
She said hugging him.
	"I thought it was be nice for each of us to spend a day alone." he said.
	"I'm sure my sister and Ryoko will really enjoy themselves." she said and
a smattering of red crossed her face.  Although she was young she was not
clueless about the birds and bees.
	"You are so cute when you blush." he said teasing her.
	"Oh, you!" she said giving him a light punch in the chest.
	Tenchi just laughed and he gave her a hug.
	"Ok, I'll make up some things for your picnic.  Who is going to be the
first lucky lady?" she asked.
	"I haven't decided that yet, but I'll let you know." he said, and gave her
a kiss on the cheek before heading out the door.
	Tenchi found the ladies gathered around the control podium at the front of
the ship.  Aeka was checking to make sure they were still on course, Ryoko
watched the stars pass by the ship, and Washu was sitting lotus style on her
floating cushion typing at her computer.  His entrance caught their 
attention
immediately, and even Washu set her research aside to give him attention.
	"Good morning, Tenchi." they all said at once.
	"Ladies, I have something to talk to you about." he said.
	"What is it, Tenchi?" Aeka asked.
	"Before we arrive at the GP Headquarters, I want to do something special
for the three of you and Sasami.  I thought about it last night and I 
decided
since we have five days until we arrive, starting today, each one of you 
will
have a single day with me alone and a private picnic in the garden." he 
said.
	Ryoko teleported behind him and wrapped her arms around him lovingly.
"Sounds very romantic." she said.
	"That was the idea." he said reaching up to run his fingers through her
hair.
	"That sounds so wonderful.  Which one of us is first?" Aeka asked, her
eyes almost sparkling.
	"That is the one thing I had the hardest part deciding, so I decided that
I would let you three decide." he told them.
	"What about Sasami?" Washu asked.
	"I have something extra special in mind for her, but these three days
belong to you ladies." Tenchi said.
	"Huddle girls!" Washu said and they formed a ring on the other side of the
command platform.  A few minutes later they returned.
	"It is unanimous, I will go with you first, Tenchi." Aeka said.  Ryoko and
Washu stood behind her nodding and smiling happily.  Tenchi was surprised 
that
Ryoko did not argue about being first, but he realized she probably wanted 
time
to prepare something special for him.
	"Good, your day with me starts after breakfast.  This means the entire
garden section of the ship is off limits until dinnertime, is that OK?" he 
asked
the others and they just smiled and nodded.
	"Breakfast!" said Sasami's voice echoing through the intercom on the ship.
	"Well, lets go eat." Ryoko said and she led the way to the dinning room.

	Breakfast was another one of Sasami's masterpieces once again as usual,
and everyone gave her compliments, and Tenchi added to that a kiss on the 
cheek.
They all ate and talked about different things, Washu talked about adding an
addition to the house for all of them, Aeka talked about places they could 
go
for their honeymoon, Ryoko talked about what to concerning sleeping 
arrangements
back home, and Sasami talked about making the kitchen bigger.  Through all 
this
Tenchi answered their questions and exchanged his own ideas.  He turned red 
when
Ryoko suggested they all move into his room, but Aeka pointed out that it 
would
not be proper until after they were married to share the same room.
	When the meal of done Ryoko and Washu helped Sasami clear the table and
Sasami brought Tenchi a basket for his picnic with Aeka.  As he took the 
basket
he leaned down to her ear and said, "Thank you, sweetheart.  When its your 
turn
I'll have something extra special planned for you."  Sasami blushed and 
kissed
him on the cheek.
	Tenchi and Aeka went into the garden arm in arm and they wandered in the
vast area for nearly and hour just enjoying each other's company.  They 
spoke
little and just held onto each other as they walked, stopping from time to 
time
to steal away a passionate kiss.  They found a secluded place near the edge 
of a
second pond further behind Jurai Star's pond, it was surrounded by tall 
bushes
and had a beautiful view of space over the water.  Tenchi laid out two thick
blankets over the grass and they sat down together.
	"This is a beautiful place we found." Aeka said.
	"Its almost as beautiful as you." he told her.  Aeka was unaccustomed to
hear such things from Tenchi who was normally very closed mouth about his
feelings.  She blushed and laid her hand over his.  Tenchi looked up at her 
and
with his left hand he drew her close and he kissed her long and 
passionately.
Nearly ten minutes passed by and the two lovers parted breathing heavily.
	A single tear fell from Aeka's eye.  "It is so wonderful to be able to
freely feel your touch." she said.
	"I need to know something Aeka, it's something that has been nagging at me
for a long time." Tenchi said.
	"What is it?" Aeka asked.
	"Why do you love me, what is it about me that makes you all love me so
much?" he asked.
	Aeka was not shocked by the question.  It was one she somehow knew would
be asked by him at one point or another.  She looked into his eyes and was
reminded of the all the reasons why she adored him so.
	"Because you are so kind, caring, you are so concerned for others, and you
give without expecting anything in return." she said.  "You show compassion 
to
anyone regardless of who they are, and that kind nature shows through and it
drew us to you."
	"I'd always heard nice guys finished last." he said, quoating an old Earth
adage.  "In your case the nice guy finished first." she told him and she 
leaned
forward to kiss him softly.
	"You know, I thought you were really beautiful in the bathing suit
competition." he said after their lips parted.
	Aeka blushed.  "You really think so?" she asked.
	Tenchi turned towards her.  "There isn't a super model on Earth that can
compare to you, or any of the others." he said.  "I learned a great deal of
self-control with the help of my grandfather, and believe me being around 
all of
you really tested by willpower."
	"I have to admit something to you, I was a bit obsessed with you for a
long time." she said.
	Tenchi sighed and smiled at her.  "I noticed." he said.
	"Alright, I was alot obssessed with you.  I would throw a hideous fit at
the very thought of Ryoko being anywhere near you." she said.
	"I was too dense to understand how good I had it in those days.  But I
would never have taken advantage of your feelings like that." he told her.
	Aeka layed her head on his shoulder and sighed a contented sigh.  Tenchi
put his arms around her and they just sat there holding each other as they
watched the stars race by.
	"Why don't we go for a swim." Tenchi suggested.
	"I didn't bring my bathing suit." Aeka said, not moving from her
comfortable position.
	"Why does that matter?" he asked, kissing her hair, and she turned a deep
shade of red.
	"We call it skinnydipping." he continued.
	"Swim, naked?" she said shyly.  She had only been naked once in front of
him, but it had been in the presence of the others.  Now she would be alone 
with
him, in the water, naked to him.  It was what she dreamed of for so long, 
but
now she was suddenly afraid.  Tenchi's loving smile and his loving touch 
made
all the fear in her heart fade away.
	Stripped down to just to a pair of boxers and her panties, the two slipped
into the warm water of the pond and swam out into the deeper end.  Together 
they
dove beneath the crystal clear water and swam among the lush Juraian aquatic
plants that grew there.  As they moved through the water the two came closer 
and
closer to one another until Tenchi was able to see her ample womanhood 
clearly
in the water.  Aeka blushed when she saw where is eyes were looking, but she
made to attempt to cover herself.  They moved together, the softness of her
breasts against his chest made Tenchi's breathing quicken and he wrapped his
arms around her.  Aeka looked into his eyes and she saw the hunger there 
that
she had never seen before.  Her heart soared at his touch as he leaned 
forward
and kissed her passionately.  They held each other for several minutes, but
those minutes were like hours, days, months, forever.  When they parted by 
moved
to the waters edge and all the world around them fell away until it was just 
the
two of them locked in a loving embrace, their lips meeting in a the most
passionate of kisses they ever experienced with each other.  In a blur of
emotions and sensations they made love by the waterside and when the world 
fell
back into place they lay on the blanked holding each other's naked bodies 
close,
not for warmth, but out of love.
	"So that is what it is like." Tenchi said, and he kissed Aeka's cheek.
	"This is such bliss, it is all I dreamed it would be and more." she
commented.
	"I guess this makes things official, huh?" he asked her.
	"Yes, and I must say you were magnificent." she said before kissing his
chest.
	Tenchi looked at his watch and was amazed that three hours had passed.
"Did we do it that long, its been three hours." he said.
	"It felt like an eternity to me." Aeka sigh contentedly.
	A strange sound came up from Tenchi's stomach and it made Aeka giggle.
"All that exercise seems to have made you hungry." she laughed.
	Tenchi's smile turned to frown suddenly.  "I con't believe what an idiot I
was, why didn't I do this sonner?" he asked, the questions was address more 
to
himself than to Aeka.
	Aeka squeezed his arm and kissed his cheek lightly.  "Please don't tear
yourself apart over this, its all in the past, forgotten, and forgiven." she
told him.
	"You and Ryoko may be able to forgive me for what I did, but I seem to be
having a hard time forgiving myself." he said.  he turned to her and softly
touched her face.  "I still keep remembering your tear filled face on Jurai 
when
I told you I was leaving for Earth, and as I look back from now I can't 
believe
what a fool I was."
	"Pleas stop hating yourself, its over, we're all together now." she
pleaded with him, kissing him softly.
	He looked into her loving eyes and found they were on the verge of tears.
Tenchi didn't want to see such a beautiful face filled with tears ever 
again, so
he pulled her into a tighter embrace and they kissed passionate where they 
lay
together.  Later they dressed and had the picnic that Sasami prepared for 
them.
They were sandwiches, some rice cakes with raspberry preserves, and others
snacks from the galley.  They ended their time together before dinner by 
walking
through the garden hand in hand just enjoying each other's company.
	Ryoko, Washu and Sasami were waiting for them when they returned.  The two
older women immediately started probing Aeka for all the juicy details.  
They
ran off into another part of the ship while Tenchi went to the galley to 
help
Sasami with dinner.
	"So, what happened?" Ryoko asked with a Cheshire cat grin on her face.
	"We talked." Aeka said.
	"And." both Ryoko and Washu said together.
	"We took a swim." she said.
	"And." the two said again in a higher pitch.
	Aeka twirled around and clasped her hands in front of her chest, her eyes
gleaming with pure joy.  "We made love." she said.
	"AAAAHHHHH!!!!" they all screamed jumping up and down like schoolgirls.
	"How was he?" Washu asked.
	"Magnificent!" Aeka shouted as she plopped backwards onto her bed.
	She sat up immediately, her mood suddenly changed.  "But there is one
problem." she told them.
	"What kind of problem?" Ryoko asked, concern in her voice.
	"Tenchi is feeling extreme guilt over not telling us his feelings sooner.
I think he hates himself for It." she said.
	"We got to make him see it's alright.  He was confused, we dragged him out
into space and he risked his life for us and he only knew us for, what, 
three or
four months." Ryoko said.  "Our constant fighting over him didn't help 
things
either."
	"It's just as much our fault he didn't open up to us.  He was probably
scared to death that you two would kill each other over him if he told us 
the
truth, and knowing him he couldn't live with himself if that happened." 
Washu
said.
	"Tenchi is the only man I met who likes me for me, and never tried to make
a pass at me or anything like that." Ryoko said.  "I've met lots of men, and
they took one look at me and all they wanted was a one night stand."
	"As the First Crown Princess of Jurai I must admit that I too was a
subject for the whims of men." Aeka said.  "I was a pawn in the politics of 
the
Royal Family, and I am afraid that Sasami was fated to a worse existence as 
a
trophy piece on some nobleman's bed."
	"I had very little time for men in my life, but I have to say if any man
can draw me away from my experiments its Tenchi." Washu said.
	"We need to let him know how much he really means to us." Aeka said.
"Tomorrow when one of you spends time with him, you have to do your best to 
make
this all very clear." Aeka said.
	"So, who's next?" Washu asked.
	"Rock, Paper, Scissors?" Ryoko asked.  The two turned face to face and
flicked out their hands three times.  Washu's hand ended up in a fist while
Ryoke kept hers open.
	"Haaa!  Paper covers rock!" Ryoko shouted.
	"Damn!" Washu sighed, snapping her fingers.

	The next day after breakfast Ryoko materialized behind Tenchi and wrapped
her
arms around him lovingly.  Tenchi being Tenchi stiffened slightly, but eased
immediately
when she started playing with his ponytail.  Sasami came out of the galley 
with
their
picnic basket and then the rest of them went off into the rest of she 
leaving
the
two alone at the edge of the garden.
	Tenchi really like the secluded location he found with Aeka so he guided
Ryoko
there and spread their blanket out on the ground.  She looked around and 
noticed
something white hanging in one of the bushes.  She phased her hand in and 
pulled
out
a white, lacey bra that was made with unmistakable Juraian patterns on the 
cups.
	"So this is the cozy little place where you deflowered the Princess." she
said
with a sly smile.
	Tenchi turned blood red.  "Uh, we looked all over for that." he said
fetching
the lingerie from her and putting it into the picnic basket.  "This was a 
very
nice,
romantic spot." he said finally.
	"I knew you weren't hopelessly shy." she purred as she moved closer to
him.  Where
Aeka has exuded grace and beauty, Ryoko on the other hand exuded pure
sensuality.
Tenchi began to notice a tickle of blood forming in his nose, but he got a
grip on
himself and moved closer to Ryoko.  Eventually they were both sitting so 
close
they
could touch one another, and it was Ryoko who broke the silence first.
	"Tenchi, were you afraid of me?" she asked him.  "Is that why you never
told me
you loved me until now?"
	Tenchi did not know how to answer that question.  At first he had been
afraid
of this beautiful, aggressive woman who threw herself into his life and 
barely
gave
him room to breath at times.
	"For a little while I was.  How could you blame me, I never met an alien
before,
and especially a beautiful one who has the hots for me." he said.
	"I guess I poured it on way too thick in those days." she admitted.  "We
all
did, we never imagined we were driving you further away instead of nearer."
	Tenchi turned to her.  "It's not that.  I never was very popular with the
girls
and to have you and Aeka going nuts over me like that, it intimidated me a
little." he
told her.
	Ryoko reached up and ran her fingers through his short, black hair and
looked
at him with a softer expression on her face instead of the feral grin she
usually
gave him.  "I am sorry we came on so hot and heavy like that.  We barely 
gave
you any
room to breath."
	Tenchi was surprised by the sudden changed in the space pirate.  He had
seen
her softer side very rarely, once in the alternate reality created by 
Washu's
Dimensional
Tuner, before he left Yagami to save Aeka from Kagato, and finally in his 
bed
when he
confessed his love for her after she returned to earth.
	"Aeka told you how I feel, didn't she?" he asked her, smiling slightly.
	"She's worried about you and so am I, and so is Washu." Ryoko said.  She
sat up
on her knees and moved in front of him to so they were face to face.
	"You can't blame yourself for what happened, and we can't blame you for how 
you felt at the time." she told him.
	Tenchi embraced her for the first time since they arrived at the picnic
site and kissed her passionately.  When their lips parted he looked into her 
beautiful golden eyes and he told her, "You are both right, I shouldn't be 
beating myself over
the head
form something that's in the past."  Tenchi looked into her eyes and thought
just
how awesomely beautiful she was.
	"That's better." she purred and kissed him again.
	In their embrace Tenchi reached up and ran his fingers through Ryoko's
hair and
was amazed at how soft it was despite its appearance.  The touch of her lips 
was
also
so soft and warm.  "Your hair is so soft, I never knew it was so soft like
that." he
told her.
	Tenchi drew Ryoko closer to him and they met in another kiss.  They slowly
eased
down to the blank side by side.  Ryoko, without breaking contact, rolled on
top of him and ran her hands down his body.  Tenchi own hands roved about 
and he
stopped when he realized he was cupping one of her breasts in his hand.  He 
look
up
at her face and she nodded before continuing their kiss.  Suddenly Tenchi
realized that
they were beginning to drift into the air.  Ryoko held onto him as she 
lifted him above the ground and they began to soar around the mammoth 
interior of the ship.  "We never flew together like this before." she said 
to him.
	"I'll go flying with you anytime." he replied.
	They made a few circles around Jurai Star, the space tree erupted in light
as it
greeted them, and then they touched down on a small rock outcropping that 
was
made to
took natural in the middle of the garden.  The view of the green interior of 
the
ship
was beautiful and spectacular.  "Do you mean it?" she asked him.
	"Yes, I love you." he told her and they kissed passionately.  Ryoko lifted
them
into the sky again and they drifted slowly back to the picnic spot.  Beneath 
the
passing
stars they made love, their passions were strong and their breath came in 
quick
puffs.
	Several months of frustration, anticipation, and fear were released as
their two
bodies intertwined.  Time ceased to exist for them, all they could perceive 
was
one
another, the touch of their hands, the caress of their lips, and the 
pleasure
that
seemed to radiate from them in a torrent of brilliant energy.  Before long 
they
collapsed
into each other's arms, spend and exhausted.  For Ryoko the wait had been 
more
than
worth it, and the experience was more than she had dreamed it would be.  
They
drifted
into the sleep that love making sometimes induced and slept in each other's
embrace.
	Tenchi awoke feeling soft lips kissing him on the neck and shoulder.  He
did not
know how long he was gone but he enjoyed the waken up.  Ryoko, still in his
arms, looked
at him and rested her head on his chest.  "I never slept more peaceful than 
when
I'm in
your arms." she said.
	"Then I guess this means you'll never have another restless night
anymore." he said
before kissing her forehead.
	"Or at least when its my turn." she replied as she playfully twirled his
ponytail
around with her fingers.
	Tenchi frowned a bit.  "Don't make it sound like that, I love all of you."
he said.
	She looked up into his eyes.  "I'm sorry." she said.  She snuggled in
closer to him
and he squeezed her in his arms lightly.
	The rest of the day they sat enjoying each other's company and enjoying
the lunch
that Sasami made for them.  They sat next to each other so that a part of 
them
was always
touching in some way.  It was starting to get late and the night cycle on 
the
ship was
slowly starting.
	"Lets take a quick dip before going back." Tenchi suggested.
	"Ok." Ryoko replied.
	They slipped out of their clothes and slipped into the warm water.
Together they
swam side by side.  Tenchi marveled at how graceful Ryoko seemed in the 
water,
how the
water glisten on her body, and was amazed at just how incredibly beautiful 
she
was in
general.  For a moment he could not believe that such an awesomely beautiful
woman
loved him let alone actually wanted to be with him.  He swam closer to her, 
his
excitement
aroused again, and he stopped her.  They floated in the water looking into 
each
other's
eyes before they kissed.  For the second time that day they made love after
moving to a
shallow part of the lake.
	Sasami, Washu, and Aeka waited near the living quarters of the ship when
Tenchi and
Ryoko returned.  The glowing, contented look on Ryoko's face told them all 
they
needed to
know why they were late returning.  They parted with a kiss, Tenchi want to 
the
galley to
stow the picnic basket and the girls pulled Ryoko quickly to the side.
	"So, spill all the juicy details." Washu said.
	"It was better than I ever dreamed it would be." Ryoko said, a dreamy look
on her face.
	"What about what I told you?" Aeka asked, some concern on her face.
	"There is nothing to worry about anymore." Ryoko told her.  "He's over
it."
	Aeka sighed with relief, then turned around as Tenchi came back from the
galley.  The
girls all ran to him and he embraced them all.  Then enjoyed a late dinner
together and talked
about old times, their trip through space to clear their names, and of the
future.  As they
said their good nights they gave Tenchi a soft kiss.  Washu was the last to 
say
good night to
him, she walked up to him and smiled sweetly.
	"I am the last one besides Sasami, so I guess its my turn tomorrow." she
said.
	"I've often wondered through all of this, if this whole taking turns thing
has been alright with all of you?" he asked her.
	"Same old Tenchi Masaki, more worried about others than he is of himself."
Washu said
as she embraced him.  "You never saw any of us complaining did you, those 
two
hot heads have cooled down, and I haven't tried to weasel that sample out of 
you for a while."
	At the mention of the sample, Tenchi did a Spock Maneuver with his eye
brow.  "Did I say something interesting?" she asked him, not missing the 
facial expression for one second.
	"Funny you should mention the sample, I'd been planning on letting you get
it." he told him softly.
	Washu's eyes gleamed bright and the same wicked, seductive smile she puts
on when in her Nurse Washu outfit suddenly etched across her face.  "I never 
considered Hentai thought patterns were possible for you." she said.
	Tenchi flushed crimson for a second.  "To tell you the truth, I am a man
after all, and
living in a house full of beautiful women has not been very easy." he 
admitted.
"Grandpa
gave me an iron will of self control, it was a part of my training, and it 
help
me many times."
	"Who is the most beautiful of us all?" she asked, putting him on the spot.
	"I think we covered this before." he said.  "I think all of you are more
beautiful than
all the super models on Earth put together."
	"Well, we'll see in the morning just how eager you are to give me that
sample." she told
him with a girlish laugh.
	Tenchi flushed slightly, kissed her good night, and went off to his room.
He closed the
door and laid down on his bed.  He heard a purring sound next to him and 
looked
over to see
Ryu-Ohki laying on his pillow.
	"Why aren't you with Sasami?" he asked the furry little cabbit.
	"Miya, miya miya miya miya." she said, but Tenchi had no clue what she was
trying to tell
him.  She did have a rather sad look on her furry face.
	"Did Sasami get angry at you again?" he asked and reached up to scratch
her between the
ears.  This prompted the little creature to start purring loudly.  "Go into 
her
carrot bin again,
huh?"
	"Miya." the cabbit meowed while nodding her head.
	"Ok, you can stay the night." he told her.  The cabbit meowed happily and
licked his face.

	Morning came and Sasami made a delicious breakfast for everyone.  When
everyone was done
Ryoko and Aeka helped her clear the table.  Sasami came out with the picnic
basket and handed
it to Tenchi with a smile.  He bent down and kissed the little princess on 
her
forehead which
instant resulted in a bright red blush on face.
	"Tenchi, did you see Ryu-Ohki last night?" she asked.
	"She stayed in my room, last night." he told her.
	"Ryu-Ohki was a naughty girl yesterday, she ate all the carrots sticks
that I had set out to
make dinner with." Sasami said.  "And, I really yelled at her, I really
shouldn't have yelled at her
that loud."
	"She was pretty sad last night." he told her.
	"Where is she now?" Sasami asked.  "She didn't come to breakfast."
	"She was still asleep in my room when I got up this morning." Tenchi
replied, but just as
he did the cabbit appeared out of nowhere and landed on his shoulder.
	"Ryu-Ohki, please forgive me, I was wrong for yelling at you like that."
Sasami pleaded.
	"Miya!" cried the cabbit as she leapped into the little princess' arms and
licked her
face.
	"I got something for you, a gift to attone for the terrible way I acted."
Sasami said
as she produced a large, plump carrot from her kimono.  Ryu-Ohki's eyes went
wide and she
tackled the carrot with immense zeal.  Sasami giggled as she watched the 
little
cabbit roll
across the floor with the large orange root, and then stop in a corner where 
she
promptly began
to munch away.

	Sasami handed Tenchi the picnic basket at the entrance to the ship garden.
He and Washu walked
out hand in hand as the others waved good bye to them and promptly closed 
the
door.  Tenchi
felt Washu squeeze his hand lightly and he smiled down at her.  Before long,
they reached
the choosen spot.  Washu looked around at the scenery and nodded 
approvingly.
The combination
of the water, streaking stars, and surrounding foliage to act as a natural
partition to the
rest of the garden made this place perfect.  After Tenchi layed out the 
blanket
for them, she
noticed something white laying on the ground next to the water.
	"That ends that line of speculative research, she said as she looked at
the object.  It
was a pair of white, lacy panties.  The elastic band around the edge had the
seal of the Jurai
royal family on it.
	"What research?" Tenchi asked.
	Washu picked up the article of clothing and pocketed it.  "Oh, I was
researching whether
Aeka wore brief style panties or bikini style." she told him.
	"Your kidding, right?" he asked her with a smile.
	"I never kid about research, Tenchi dear." she replied.  "Which reminds
me, I have some
research that you might find very interesting."
	"Oh, what sort of research would that be?" Tenchi asked.
	Washu summoned her holographic computer and started typing on it rapidly.
Seconds later
a file appeared on the screen.  Tenchi eased himself over so he could see 
what
was on the
screen.  The title of the file was "Everything You Ever Wanted to Know about
Tenchi Masaki,
Second Edition".
	"You wrote a book about me?" he asked, a little embarased.
	"This book is a culmination of weeks of scientific study and observation
into your
phychi." she told him.  "I have the first edition finished when you sprang 
this
situation on
us and I had to revise all my findings."
	"What did you write about me in there?" he asked her.
	"In summary, I wrote that Tenchi Masaki is kind hearted, gentle, caring,
is more
concerned over others than he is of himself most of the time, he's self-
sacreficing, he gives
without any thought of reward, and he is the most loving man I have ever had 
the
pleasure of
meeting." she said.  When she looked at him his face was completely red from
embarasement.
	"All of my research is based on factual data, at first I thought you were
too good to be
true, but you proved that line of reasoning to be wrong." she continued.
	"I don't know what to say, thank you." he said to her, and she kissed him
softly on the
lips.
	She dispelled her computer and snuggled into his arms.  She laid her head
on his chest
and sighed.  "Please hold me tighter, I need you to hold me, Tenchi." she 
told
him.  He did
just that and without hesitation.
	"Is there anything wrong?" he asked her.
	"I have to tell you something Tenchi, and I need you to promise not to say
anything
until I am ready to tell the others." she answered.
	"You have a deal." he told her, squeezing her tight.  Thsi brought a
contented smile to
her face.
	It was some time before she spoke, and when she did she sat up, turned,
and looked into
his eyes.  "I want to be totally honest with you." she said.  "I have lived 
for
a very long
time, over twenty thousand years, and in that time many things have happened 
to
me in my
long life.  When I was a professor at the science academy I met a young man 
who
came to my
class.  He was hansome, charming, and had the most beautiful eyes.  We fell 
in
love, married,
and we had a son together.  He was from a wealthy family on planet Jurai and 
I
was from for
more common origins on another backwater planet similar to Earth.  My social
status did not
seem to matter to him, but it did to his family.  When my baby was barely 
old
enough to
walk messengers from the family came, they told him that he had to come back 
to
Jurair or
he would no longer be a part of the family.  They did not approve of my 
common
background
and considered it beneath him to marry me.  They took him back to planet 
Jurai
with the one
thing that my pride and joy...my baby boy.  I never saw them again, and 
every
attempt I made
to find out what happened to my son or my ex-husband I was stopped.  It 
drove me
mad, I
couldn't take it any longer.  I was devestated.  How could things such as 
social
status matter
in love, and if adults valued such things over true love then I realized 
that I
no longer wanted
to live in the world of adults.  I artifically altered by DNA and reverse my 
age
several years
to that which you see now, and I have remained physically a twelve year old 
for
several
millenia since.  There is never a day that does not pass that I do not think
about my baby boy."
	Tenchi did not know what to say.  Washu was weeping, unable to continued
her story, and
she put her hands on her face.  Tenchi took her into his arms and held her 
as
tight as he could
without hurting her.  She returned his embrace and she sobbed into his 
shoulder.
As she cried,
Tenchi softly stroked her flowing crimson locks.  After several minutes she
looked up into his
eyes.  In those eyes she did not see the pity she had expected, but she did 
see
sadness and love
in them.
	"I will never leave you or hurt you like he did." he told her.  "I love
you, and someday
we can talk about having a baby of our own.  I know it could never replace 
the
baby you lost,
but it would be fresh start--a new beginning."
	Washu kissed him deeply.  When they parted she looked deeply into his eyes
and told
him, "I love you, it is because of you I have learned to love again."
	Their lips met again in a deep kiss and they slowly layed down on the
blanket.  Their
hands started to rove around on each other's bodies.  Tenchi remembered that 
he
woman in his
arms might look like she was physically twelve years old, but she was 
actually
one of the oldest
people he had ever met.
	"Lets take a swim Tenchi." Washu whispered into his ear.  Slwoly the
child-like genius
slipped out of her dress to reveal a jade green one piece bathing suit
underneath.  She walked
to the waters edge and waited for him.  Tenchi was stripped down to a pair 
of
black boxers and
Washu gave him a catcall whistle when the walked up next to her.
	"What is it with all of you girls and boxer shorts?" he asked.
	"Because you look GOOD in them." Washu replied and Tenchi's face turned a
deep crimson.
	Slowly that climbed into the warm waters and pushed off from the edge.
They floated out
in the middle of the small lake for several minutes just looking at each 
other.
Washu swam up
to him, kissed him tenderly and then swam backwards to her original spot.
	"You want me don't you?" she said.
	Tenchi nodded, but she could see that something seemed to be holding him
back.  She
immediately realized what that could be when she throught of Sasami.  She
blinked at him and
said before diving under the water, "You want me you gotta catch me."
	"Hey, wait!" Tenchi said as Washu disappeared below the surface.
	Tenchi dove down after her but she was nowhere to be found.  He want to
the bottom of the
pond and touched the Jurai Star's roots before coming back to the surface.  
He
looked around
on the shore, took a deep breath, and dove down again.  When the surfaced 
again
he started to
call out her name.  For several minutes there was no response, Washu was
nowhere, she wasn't
under the water or on shore.  He was about to swim to the bank to go get 
some
help to find
her.  A real fear that she hit her head somewhere and was unconscious 
underwater
was coursing
through him.  He could not bare lossing two of the people he loved.  Next to 
him
he heard
bubbles popping on the surface and then Washu sprang up out of the water.
Tenchi quickly
moved to embrace her but stopped suddenly in total surprise.  The Washu that 
had
gone under the
water had the likeness of a twelve year old girl, but the Washu that came 
out of
the water now
looked more like she was nineteen.
	"W-W-Washu?" he stammered to say.
	"As long as we are together I will no longer live as a child." she said in
a voice that
was now deeper and more sultry.
	Slowly they met each other in the water and embraced.  It was the first
time that Washu
was able to get her arms all the way around Tenchi's shoulders.  Tenchi 
kissed
her deeply
not wanting to let her go, the poin in her story was still fresh in his mind 
and
he could not
imagine what emotional baggage she had been carrying all this time.
	They swam to the shore and climbed out of the water.  It was then that
Tenchi saw first
hand the body of the new adult Washu.  Even at a young age Washu had been
beautiful, but as an
adult she was immensely beautiful.  He found himself almost hynotized by the
soft curves of her
body and how her swimsuit clung to ever inch of her and showed off all her
attributes.
	"Like what you see?" she asked him noticing his catatonic state.
	"I never knew you were so---" he told her, but she finished for him.
	"So drop dead beautiful." she said making a pose that could have sold more
Sports Illustrated
swimsuit editions in history.
	"Am I more beautiful than Ryoko, or Aeka?" she asked him in her most
sultry voice.
	"Uh, um, uh." he wasn't sure how to say it.
	She just smiled at him and said, "Ok, I won't go there."
	Tenchi sighed with relief.  He put her arm around her supple waist and
drew her into
his embrace.  The feeling of her ample chest pressed against him excited 
him,
and the wonderful
smell of her hair reach his nostrals.  They started kissing tenderly on each
others lips, then
Tenchi started to kiss Washu down her neck.  Washu sighed contentedly and
shivered slightly.
She suddenly sobbed and clutched him in her arms.  New tears started to fall
down her face.
	"What's wrong?" he asked her.
	"Its been so long since any man had held me like this." she said.  "I've
been hurting
inside for so long I had almost forgot what it was like to be in the arms of 
man
who loves
me."
	"Seeing this pain in your face fills me with sadness." Tenchi told her.
"Lets me take
it all away."  Slowly he lowerved her to the ground and they started again.
This time they
didn't stop, the sensation of each othe's body touching, the intense feeling
they felt as they
gripped each other in the thraws of extacy.  Before long they were spent and
their bodies
screamed for rest even though their hearts told them not to stop.  They both
stayed awake
long enough for then get into position with Tenchi on his side and Washu 
cradled
in his arms.
	They both awoke at the same time in each other's arms.  Washu surmised
from the intensity
of the lights overhead that it was now midday.  She noticed instantly that 
she
was still
naked, so she called up her holocomputer.  After typing in a few sequences 
one
of her green
Science Academy dresses and an all black suit model after the one Brue Lee 
wore
alot appeared
out of a black portal.
	"That is aweful handy to have around." Tenchi said as he dressed, and
marveled at the
fit of the clothes.
	"I can manufacture virtually anything to exact specs." she told him.
"Clothing is
easy, you just need to know the exact dimensions of a person's body."  She 
put
some emthesis
on the word 'body'.
	"Don't tell me that what we did was just a part of your research." he said
to her.
	"I would never treat what we just shared together as nothing more than the
most
wonderful experience in my long life." She told him.  "It will be a memory I
will cherish
forever."
	"We can make even more memories in the future, all of us can." he said.
	"Tenchi Masaki, you really are too good to be true." she told him.
	The rest of their day went by slowly and they like it that way.  After
lunch thry
wandered about the garden arm in arm.  Washu pointed out the different 
species
of alien flowers
and tiny creatures that scampered about around them.  She tried to keep her
explanations within
the realm of Tenchi's understanding, and explained the symbiotic 
relationships
of plants and
animals on Juraian ships.  Tenchi was fascinated by all of this, and thought
that by the time
was twenty-five he'd have the equivolent of a PHD eduations under Washu if 
she
kept this up.
	Ryoko and Aeka was waiting for them at the entrace to the living quarters.
Immediately the
Princess and the Space Pirate dragged Washu off to question her about the 
more
juicy details
of her day, and Tenchi took the basket to the galley.  Sasami was there
finishing up dinner,
she heard someone enter the room and she smiled when she saw it was Tenchi.
	"How did it go?" she asked.
	"Really wonderful." he told her.
	"I hope our day tomarrow will be just as good." she said, and turned back
to her work.
	Tenchi frowned, he had seen Sasami sad before and she was indeed very good
at hiding it
but he knew she was crying inside.  He also knew why she was crying inside 
and
it tore his
heart out.  Why, he asked himself, why am I in love with an eight year old 
girl?
I con't give
her the same love I can the others, its not fair for her.  I love her the 
way
she is and she
don't have to do anything special for me to prove she loves me just as much. 
  It
was then that
Tenchi go an idea.  He set out to find Washu, and did just that in her 
personal
quarters where
was was working on her book.

	"Washu, could I talk to you, there is something I need help with?" he
asked the
adult genius.
	"I'll do anything for you Tenchi." she replied with a seductive smile.
Tenchi smiled
back at her.  "Maybe later, you tired me out a bit."
	Washu laughed.  "I bet I did." she said.
	"Tomarrow is Sasami's day and I can't really, well, do the same thing with
her that I
can do with you and the others." he said.
	"What did you have in mind Tenchi?" she asked him.
	"Well, I would like to do something special with her, something that she
would like to do."
he said.
	Washu thought for a moment, she called up her holocomputer and started
typing.  Several
minutes went by and Tenchi looked like his eyes were about to glaze over 
when
Washu stopped
and proclaimed triumpantly, "I have done it!"  Washu-Bots A & B popped up 
and
started chorusing,
"Your the best Washu!  Your the greatest Washu!  Another breakthrough for 
the
great Washu!"
	A black portal opened up and a small device popped out and fell into her
outstretched
hands.
	"Uh, Washu, what is that?" Tenchi asked.  He love and adored the beautiful
genius very much
but he was still leary of her inventions.
	"Its my Incredible, Fantastic, Fantasy to Reality Converter and Matter
Transfigurator!"
she proclaimed with all the flair of one of those hosts on the late night
infomercials.
	Tenchi gave her a blank stare for a moment and just blinked.  He did not
understand a
thing she just said.  Washu sighed, she stepped forward, got up on tip toes 
and
kissed him.
	"It lets you turn fantasies you create in your head and turn them ito
reality so you can
act them out for real." she explained.
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  "You mean whatever you dream up can become real
with this
thing?" he asked looked at the small device.  It looked like an ordinary 
black
cube.
	"Anything, think of it as a Holodeck from that Star Trek TV show from
America, only
a lot better." she said.
	She handed the device to him and he looked it over.  It looked like a
black cube, but it
had what looked like four buttons on one side.  "Uh, how do you use this 
thing?"
he asked.
	"That my dear Tenchi I designed carefully." she said.  "I rmember the last
time somebody
messed with my inventions so I decided to make the interface very easy to 
use.
Dare I say even
Mihoshi could use this thing without screwing it up."
	"Is it safe to use this thing?" he asked, a slightly suspicious yet amuzed
look on his face.
	Washu put on a mock look of shock.  "Do you really believe I'd give a man
I love dearly
something that isn't safe, really now." she said with her hands on her hips.
	"I'm sorry." he said.  He got the reaction he was hoping to get and the
pretty scientist
leaped at him, wrapped her arms around him, and kissed him almsot as deeply 
as
Ryoko had most
on her day.
	When they parted Washu stepped back.  "Now, it works on the same principle
as my
Dimensional Tuner, however our little experience with that fiasco taught me 
a
little lesson."
she told him.  "Instead of manipulating the fundamental time/space substrata 
of
the existing
fabric of reality, this device generates an independent pocket of subspace 
and
manipulates the
substrata of that astrometric region."
	Tenchi just looked at her and blinked.  It took all of Washu's will to
keep form face
faultering.  She sighed and said, "Instead of changing our universe it 
creates a
pocket of
subspace like where my lab is and it changes that into whatever you want, 
thus
leaving the real
universe uncahnged."  She smiled and sighed in relief and when saw the look 
of
understanding
enter Tenchi's face.
	"You understand now?" sbe asked.
	"Yes, and I'm sorry I don't understand most of what you explain, but I am
not familar at
all with alien technology." he told her.
	"I'll have to teach you someday, yes I think I will." she said as she
suddenly got that
look on face when she about to start on a new major project.
	"I think I'd like that." he told her truthfully.
	Before he left Washu explained how to use the device in great detail.
"You need to touch
the contacts on the side and then just think about the universe you want to
create." she said.
	"That's all?" he asked in surprise.
	"Hey, I said I simplified the interface." she told him.
	"Thank you, Washu." he said before kissing her softly.  As their lips met
the diminutive
scientist seemed to swoon for a moment, but recovered almsot immediately.
	"You give the best kisses." she said.  "Maybe I should do a study of the
anatomy of a
good kiss, hmmm."  Tenchi just gave her a look and she smiled slyly at him.
	Before he left she turned around and said, "I included a mortality
failsafe, so you can't
get hurt or get killed, and also remember that while your inside the fantasy
world created by
the device IS REAL and not just an illusion."

	Sasami was up extra early the next morning, she was up and about in the
galley before the
lights on the ship switched to their daylight cycle.  Aeka woke in their 
room
and noticed that
Sasami was not in bed.  She slowly climbed out of the sheets and walked 
outside
into the vast
inner heart of the ship.  She heard the sound of pots and pans and headed 
for
the galley.  She
found Sasami hard at work making a picnic basket, but she hwd tears in her 
eyes.
	"Sasami, what is wrong, why are you crying?" Aeka asked when she passed
the threshold of
the galley entrace.
	Sasami stopped what she was doing and wiped her eyes.  "Its nothing,
really." she said.
	"I surprise at you Sasami." Aeka said in a soft tone.  "This is the very
first time I
have ever heard you lie to me."
	Sasami dropped a pan and turned to her older sister.  "Why does he love
me?  I love him too
but I can't give him what you and the others can....I'm, I'm too young." she
stammered as tears
started to appear again.
	"Sasami, do you think that is all that Tenchi loves us for?" Aeka asked
her.
	"No, but..." Sasami said, but Aeka interrupted her.
	"He loves all of us for who we are and not what we are." Aeka explained.
"Of all the
suitors I have met in my many marriage meetings I must say that none of them
could ever compare
to Tenchi."
	"Tenchi is really sweet." Sasami admitted.  "We did have alot of fun at
that carnival we
all went to."
	"See what I mean?" Aeka asked her.
	"Ya, we sure are lucky aren't we Aeka?" Sasami asked her.  Aeka nodded her
head with a
smile o her face.
	"I wonder what Tenchi has planned for me, he said he was working on
something extra
special for me." Sasami said.
	"Whatever it is I am certain you will enjoy it immensely." Aeka told her.

	A few hours later Tenchi and the others were awake and they all met around
the breakfast
table.  All the women had a satisfied look on their face, but they were also
looking at Sasami
with what could almost be called envy.  She was going to have Tenchi to 
herself
all day, and
he had made it clear to them that he had something extra special in store 
for
her.
	"We arrive at the Galaxy Police HQ tomarrow." Aeka announcement.
	"Great." Tenchi said with a smile.
	"I hope Mihoshi has been alright." Sasami said.
	"I'm sure she is, she has a lot of family in the GP." Washu said.
	"She probably has guys visiting her everyday, she may be a blonde dimwitt
but she is
really pretty too." Ryoko added.
	"I hope not too many guys." Tenchi said softly.
	Ryoko teleported behind him and wrapped her arms around him.  Aeka
summoned all of her
will to keep from saying something derogitory to her.  It had been an 
unusual
adjustment being
in their new life with Tenchi.  One of those adjustments was no more 
fighting
over him, because
they were all equals in Tenchi's heart, and they knew Tenchi enough that he 
was
not pick any
favorites.  Sasami was the exception to that rule because they all knew she
could not be held
up to the same standard in the relationship because she was still very 
young.
	"I didn't mean it that way." Ryoko said.  Adjusting to this new life with
Tenchi was
hard for her too.  She had always wanted to have Tenchi to herself, but now 
that
was impossible.
She wanted him to be happy the way he made her happy, the way he stretched 
out
his hand to
help her even though she tried to kill him and Mihoshi after they first met. 
  He
was the first
person to ever show true kindness towards her, and it was for this reason 
she
loved him so.
	"Its ok." she told him.  "I just hope that she is doing alright."
	"I'm sure she is." Washu said.  Her adjustment to this new relationship
was easy.  When
she first met Tenchi Masaki she thought he was really cute, and she had to 
admit
that her early
feelings for him were almost pure lust since she was locked up in that 
crystal
for several
hundred years.  Over time though she began to study the personality of this
young man and she
had to admit that she really liked the way he was always concern about all 
of
them.  It did not
take long after some study for Washu to realize that she was starting to 
think
more of him as
a sweet and loving man rather than a sex object.  It was then that she 
realized
that she too
loved him.

	Tenchi and Sasami walked hand in hand as they went out into the garden at
the heart of
the ship.  The others stood at the entrace to the crew quarters waving 
goodbye,
and then they
all retreated inside when the two were out of sight.  Tenchi softly caressed
Sasami's fingers
with his as they walked and marvelled at the softness of her skin.  He 
looked
over at her young,
freckled face and still found it hard to believe just how cute the little 
girl
was.  She could
have eaxily entered a Jr. Miss beauty pagent and won hands down anywere on
Earth.  Her blue
colored hair was have been the only thing about her that would be out of the
ordinary since
humans don't naturally have blue hair.  As always, where ever she goes so 
does
Ryu-Ohki.  The
Cabbit reated on top of her head and just looked around at the scenery
curiously.  Tenchi had
to keep reminding himself that she was more than just a pet, she was just as
smart as any of
them, but she was also a powerful starship in disguise.
	Soon they reached the same picnic spot he had taken all the other girls to
over the past
few days and they laid out a blanket for them to sit on.  Tenchi reached 
into
his tunic front
and pulled out a carrot.  Ryu-Ohki's eyes bulged out large and she meowed as 
she
leaped up onto
his chest and licked his face, then she tackle the carrot and began to munch
away.
	"She's such a silly thing." Sasami giggled.  Her soft innocent laugh fill
Tenchi's heart.
He had felt badly for bringing Sasami into this situation, he was not even 
sure
if it was
right for him to feel for her as a girl friend at her age, but one look at 
her
bright smiling
face and hearing her musical laughter fill his heart with a joy that was 
almost
indescribable.
	"So, what did you have in mind for us today, Tenchi?" she asked him.
	Tenchi produced Washu's little black box and held it out to her.
"Anything you want to
do we cna do it, with this little gift from Washu." he told her.
	"Wow, what does it do?" she asked, a very cute look of awe on her face.
	"Its a machine that lets you turn your fantasies into realities and live
them out." he
said remember what Washu explained to him the day before.
	"Oh, wow, that sound great, we can have all sorts of fun with a machine
like that." she
shouted with glee.
	"So, where do you want to go first?" he asked.
	She thought for a moment.  "How do you use it?" she asked him.
	"Just hold it, touch these spots here, and imagine where you want to be."
he said as he
handed the cube over to her.
	She held onto the device for a moment, touched the contacts, and closed
her eyes.  For a
moment nothing happened, but suddenly everything around Tenchi turned to 
bright
white light.
He shielded his eyes and immediately noticed that the air tempature had 
changed.
He looked
around and found that they were sitting in the middle of a forest of trees.
Apple Blossoms
were in bloom all around them, and Tenchi realized that they were back on 
Earth
near his
grandfather's shrine.
	"I wanted to share this place with you, Tenchi." Sasami said softly.
"This is my Quiet
Spot, the place I go to be alone and think."
	"It a very pretty spot, Sasami, but I never imagined you'd need a place of
solitude to
think about your worries." he replied.
	Sasami sighed.  "People back home used to talk opening around me like they
didn't even
know I was around." she said.  "They because I was so young I wouldn't
understand what they
were saying but I did understand them."
	"Understnd what, Sasami?" he asked.  "What did they say?"
	"They all had my life planned out for me, Tenchi." she told him as she
scooted over next
to him.  "They even had a bunch of people lined up for me to go and meet in
marriage meetings
when I came of age."
	"Aeka explained a little of that too me, it didn't sound like much of a
life." he said
remembering what Aeka had told him about Sasami's fate before meeting him.
	"But meeting you changed all that." she said.  "You set me free of that
life, and I
will love you forever."  She stood up on her knees, leaned forward and 
kissed
him on the cheek.
	He touched her cheek and caressed her soft skin.  A single tear fell from
her eyes, and
that one tear in the child's face felt like a dagger in Tenchi's heart.  He 
took
her into his
arms and held her for a long time as she poared out sobs onto his shoulder.
After several
minutes she lift herself up and looked into Tenchi's eyes and saw love and
concern in them.
	"I'll love you forever, too." he said to her.
	"Tenchi, just this once would you kiss me like you do my sister and Ryoko,
just this once,
please." she pleaded.
	"Well, I..." he stammered, but she inturrpted him.
	"When I came to Earth your Dad warned me about people who might take
advantage of a cute
l;ittle girl like me." she told him.  "He told me they were very bad people 
who
needed a lot of
help, but I know your not one of those people....so please don't be afraid 
to
love me becasue I
know you'll never hurt me."  Her eyes were filled with love and trust, and 
it
was at that moment
that Tenchi realized that she would trust in him no matter what.
	They leaned towards one another and closed their eyes.  Their lips met in
a tender kiss
and for several minutes the two where in pure bliss.  When the euforia 
subsidded
they parted and
opened their eyes.  Tenchi almost laughed when he saw the bright red blush 
on
Sasami's face.
	"That was really wonderful." he said.
	"Let me tell you a secret, Tenchi." Sasami whispered.  "Your my first kiss
from a boy, ever."
	Tenchi was surprise at this.  "I am." he said.
	"Yup, your my first kiss, and these lips will never kiss another." she
declared.
	Tenchi smiled.  "Let me tell you a secret, Sasami." he said.  "Your the
cutest little girl
that I have kissed, ever."  She put her hand to her mouth and giggled in 
that
way he tought made
look even cuter.
	"Lets get a changed of scenery." she said, closed her eyes, and the world
abruptly changed
around them again.  This time they Tenchi found them both standing on the 
hull
of what looked like
a berelict space craft.  It had no running lights and looked like it had 
been in
space for a very
long time.  He suddenly remembered where they were, it was the place where 
they
encountered the
ghost ship when Sasami disappeared from the Yagami.
	"I remember this place." he said.  "Its where you disappeared and we tried
to find you, but
we couldn't."
	"Promise never to reveal this secret, I never told anybody about what
happened here." she
said.
	"I promise." he said.
	"I met a new friend here, her name Mirra, she's a ghost." Sasami said.
"We had alot of fun
together, and she ever went around the ship playing pranks on you guys when 
you
came looking for
me."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  "A ghost, a real ghost, so that is what I saw
when you went into
the mirror in your bedroom." he said.
	"I remember seeing you there before I left." she said.  "I hope I didn't
worry you all too
much."
	Tenchi put her arm around her and hugged her.  "We were worried, but
somehow I felt that you
were alright." he admitted.
	The scene around them changed again and this time they were standing on
top of Tenchi's high
school.  Throngs of students were going in and out of the building as they
watched.  He noticed
two of the students looked like Aeka and Ryoko, and they appeared to arguing
over something.
	"This place is from my fantasy world when we were stuck in Washu's
machine." Sasami told him.
	"Oh, ya, I remember this." he said as he tried to keep from laughing.
"You hit Aeka and
Ryoko with somekind of beam that made them kiss each other."
	Sasami tried but she was unable to hold back her giggle.  "Ya, that was
pretty funny."
	The little princess stepped behind an air vent exhaust on the roof and
returned carrying the
same batton she had when she was in her fantasy world.  She held it in the 
air,
spoke a series of
very silly magic words and began to glow.  Tenchi's face turned blood red 
when
he watched her
undergo a transformation ito Magical Girl Pretty Sammy, because part way 
through
the transformation
she appeared totally naked in front of him.
	Now that he was up close he could get a closer look at the outfit she was
wearing.  "The skirt
is way too short, the panties are...way too revealing." he said.
	She giggled.  "Ryoko would probably look better in this thing, huh?"
	She twirled around the he got an eyeful, which made his blush turn ever
darker red.  "I'm sorry,
I'll stop." she giggled and transformed back into her normal self with her
Juraian kimono.
	"Thank you." he said with a sigh of relief.
	"Tell me the truth, did I look cute in it though?" she asked him.  This
made his face redden
again.  "I guess that means yes." she giggled.
	Tenchi thought of something to say, and then he had the perfect comeback.
"Your cute no
matter what you wear, Sasami." he told her.
	She threw her arms around his neck and gave him a mighty hug.  "Your so
sweet." she said.

	Tenchi took over the device and took Sasami to different places that he
had been throughout
his life.  They rode the rides at Disneyland in Tokyo, took a hike on Mt. 
Fuji,
and ate their
picnic lunch on a terrace of the Jurai royal palace.  Aftwards he took her 
on a
romantic moonlight
walk on the beach.  They walked hand in hand, other young couples, and
occasionally an elderly
couple passed them.
	"Today was really a lot of fun." Sasami said.
	"Everyday can be like this if you want to be." Tenchi told her.
	"That would be really nice." she said.  "Can I take us to the last place?"
	"Sure." he said handing the cube over to her.
	"I love you, Tenchi." she said before closer her eyes.  "You showed me
such a wonderful time,
and I will cherish this memory for always, and now I want to give you
something."  The world fadded
away around them, there was a swirling tunnel of multicolored light and 
strange
sounds.  When the
world manifested ifself again Tenchi found himself in his bedroom.  He also
noticed that he was
alone.
	"Sasami." he called, but there was no answer.  "Where are you?"
	He slid open the door and walked into the hallway.  The first thing he
noticed was a strange
light shining under the door to Sasami and Aeka's bedroom.  It was purple, 
then
blue, and then
changed to red.  He walked up to the door and heard soft music playing 
inside.
Slowly he opened
the door and found the entire room bathed in multicolored lights from a 
strange
looking lamp that
sat on a table near the windows.  He stepped in and nearly jumped out of his
skin when a soft
hand touched his shoulder and the door closed behind him.  He whirled around 
and
found himself
face to face with a very beautiful woman.  She looked him with soft pink 
eyes
that were filled
with love and long lock of blue hair hung over one shoulder.  Se was wearing 
a
white robe
that reached all the way to the floor.
	Blue hair, Tenchi suddenly realized as he looked at this woman.  "S-S-
Sasami?" he said.
	The woman nodded her had and wrapped long, slender arms around his neck.
She leaned
forward and kissed him on the lips.  That same blissful feeling he got when 
he
first kissed her
came again, but Tenchi forced himself to pull away.  "Sasami, I love you and 
I
know where this
is going, but its not right." he said.
	"I'm not afraid." Sasami said.  "And this is real, you said yourself that
this device makes
your fantasies real."
	"But..." he was about to say but she interrupted him with another kiss.
This time Tenchi
could hold himself back any longer and he returned her embrace and kiss.
Washu's words were
echoing in his mind, "...it IS REAL and not just an illusion."  As they 
kissed
they slowly made
their way towards the only bed in the room, a queen sized canopy bed covered 
by
thin white
vale.

	It was sometime later that Tenchi and Sasami returned to the living
quarters well after
the night cycle started.  The others were waiting and seemed a bit puzzled 
over
a strange
look on Sasami's face, and the fact that she blushed fiercely whenever she
looked directly
into Tenchi's eyes.  When the same back into the real world from their 
fantasy
land the two
agreed that what they just shared together would be kept just between them.  
One
day they
might let the others know, but for now it was their special secret.  Sasami 
had
known about
how older people showed their affections, but she was not totally prepared 
for
what was
involved.  When it was over she found it hard to look into Tenchi's loving 
eyes
and not
blush.  In body she was an adult in her fantasy world, but in mind she was 
till
a little
girl.  This was a whole new dimension to love and relationships that did not
even know even
existsted.
	That night Sasami sat up in her bed, sbe couldn't sleep.  Everytime she
closed her eyes
she could see Tenchi's face, she could remember the feeling of his body 
against
hers, the
delicious sensations that she experienced in that room that she was totally
ready for mentally,
but it was not that she was disturbed by actually partaking in such an act 
but
that she was
afraid that might be able to resist wanting to do it again.  When they 
collapsed
into each
other's arms in that bedroom Tenchi felt very low and upset with himself 
that he
took advantage
of a little girl's affections.
	"I take most of the blame, I'm the one who create this place, who made
myself older."
she had said to him.
	Sasami slipped out of the covers, slowly opened the door and flitted out
into the dark
beyound.

	In his room Tenchi lay in bed looking up at the ceiling and felt like the
world was on the
verge of crashing down on him.  He felt like he defiled Sasami horribly.  He
loved her so much
and he chided himself for letting his emotions and self-control get out of 
hand.
She may have
looked like an adult but she still had the fragile mind of a child, and in 
the
heat of the moment
he took that child's innocence away from her forever.  Tenchi never thought 
of
himself as a Pediphile,
and he hated such people, and now he began to see himself as one of them.
	Quickly he climbed out of bed and fled his room which was starting to feel
like a prison and
headed for the galley.  He thought that perhaps a cup of tea might sooth his
nerves a bit.  When he
got to the entrance he heard a sound inside and saw a light under the door.
Slowly he entered and
saw Sasami in a long, flowing pink nightdress making herself a snack.  He
resisted the thought of
going into the room with her knowing what he did to her just hours before, 
but
he felt a need to talk
to her so he stepped past the threshold.
	"Tenchi?" she said as she turned around to see who entered.
	"Sasami, I have to talk to you." he said.
	"Me too I guess." she replied.
	Tenchi sighed,  "Sasami, I love you very much, but what I did was
unforgivable."
	"Don't say that, I told you it was mostly my fault." Sasami chided him.
	"It was more my fault because I didn't stop myself." he told her.  "I
didn't stop to think
that I might be hurting you."
	Sasami walked up to him and looked into his grief sticken eyes, this time
without blushing.  "I
love you Tenchi, and I will never regret what happened in that room for as 
long
as I live." she said.
"I was the one who came up with the idea, after you showed me what that 
thing of
Washu's could do."
	"Now I wish I didn't have that damn thing." Tenchi said.
	"Please don't do this to yourself, please!" she pleaded.
	Tenchi kneeled down and took the child into his arms and hugged her
tightly.  "I just couldn't
live with myself if I hurt you in any way by what I did." he said as tears
started to fall down his
face.
	There was a sound behind them and the two turned around to see Washu
standing in the doorway.
They both blushed furiously under her unwavering glance.  Two words rang out 
in
Tenchi's head at
that moment, "Oh shit!"
	Washu, however, took on an expression of guilt rather than one of anger or
suspicion.  "I
suppose I could take some blame too." she said.
	"H-h-how long ever you standing here?" Tenchi asked her.
	"Long enough to know that I should have known better than to listen to
Aeka and Ryoko." she
said, and the sound of two people face faultering outside the room could be
heard.  Immediately
after the two women stormed into the galley and glared at the genius.
	"I was going to come to you with my little device, but you happened to
came to me first."
Washu said.  "I showed it to them and they said I should give it to you."
	"But, I don't get it, your not angry for what we, Sasami and I, uh, did?"
Tenchi asked.  The
question was for all three of them and not just Washu.
	"I know how hard it was for you feeling that Sasami was being left out of
things, so when
Washu showed us her invention we started thinking." Ryoko said, looking down 
at
the floor.
	"I did not realize this would hurt you so, Tenchi." Aeka said in an
appoligetiic voice.  "I
should have realized that your sensibilities would have been effected by 
this."
	"You mean you intended for this to heppen?" he asked her with shock on his
face.
	"Please do not look at me like that, Tenchi." Aeka said, seeing his
expression.  "You must
understand that there are differences in the cultures from which we were 
born."
	"What do you mean?" Tenchi asked her as he stood up and tried his best not
to be upset.
	"On Jurai there are to taboos concerning age and relationships." Aeka
explained.  "If Sasami
had remained on Jurai at her age she would have already been married or
affianced to someone by this
time.  In biological terms, for Juraian women, she is already considered
partially a woman."
	"What do you mean partially a woman, she's eight years old." Tenchi said.
	"She has started her 'jun-tau' and once that occurs she is of legal
concenting age." Aeka
told him.
	"Jun-tau?" Tenchi said and looked at Sasami who was starting to turn a
little red faced.
	"Human women develop different from Juraians, although the two species are
relatively similar
to one another." Washu said.  "The jun-tau is the Juraian equivolent of the 
a
human female menstration
cycle."
	Tenchi blinked, then he looked down at the little girl who stood next to
him still with her
arms around his waist.  "You mean Sasami has started her Periods, already?" 
he
asked.
	"In a manner of speaking, and shortly the rest of her body is going to
start undergoing some
dramatic changes." Washu said.
	"I remember my first jun-tau, I was so happy because I know that my time
as a child had ended
and from then on I was going to be treated as an adult." Aeka told him.
	Sasami smiled up at him and deep inside this revelation started to click
in.  He felt as if a
huge weight had been lifted off of his soul.
	"I wish someone would have explained these things to me before hand." he
said.
	"What's done is done and now Sasami is on equal footing with all of us."
Ryoko said.
	"Well, it won't happen again." Tenchi said, and then looked down at
Sasami.  "At least until
you've had some more time to grow up."
	"I can live with that." she said truthfully and hugged him tighter.
	Washu looked at her watch and whistled.  "We'd better hit the hey or we'll
be zombies when
we go to see Mihoshi tomarrow." she said.
	They parted, giving Tenchi goodnight kisses, and Tenchi headed back to his
room.  He stopped
to open his door when he looked back and saw Ryoko hoving behind him.
	"I'm ok with it now, at least I know now that I didn't do anything to hurt
her." he said.
	"I'm sorry this hurt you though, and it was mine and Aeka's idea." she
said.
	"Cultural differences aside, if somebody had told me that Sasami was going
through Juraian
puberty I thknk things might have turned out better." he told her.
	"We should have told you, but I think it might be a good idea of you
learned more about
alien cultrues." Ryoko said.  "There are societies out there were rape is
considered an honorable
act."
	Tenchi gave her a shocked expression and his face turned red.  "That one
is a female
dominated society, and if a man is raped by a women its a mark of high honor 
on
that man." she
said.  "To be singled out like that means that he has something to be 
valued."
	"That makes some sense, in a twisted sort of way." Tenchi said.
	"Do you know what planet that comes from?" she asked him, a seductive look
on her face
suddenly appeared and a fire burned in her eyes.
	Tenchi gulped.  "Not really, no." he answered.
	"Its where I was born." she said as she licked her lips.
	Tenchi backed up against he door.  "You came from that...." he started to
ask but the
words failed him as he became mesmerized by Ryoko's stare.
	"I tried several times to Honor you but Aeka kept getting in the way." she
said as she
reached up and caressed his cheek.  This new revelation brought now meaning 
to
those times
when Ryoko appeared in his bedroom.  She had been there to....and the idea 
of
what she had intended to do made him turn even redder.
	"Why the sudden shyness, you weren't sky yesterday?" she asked as she
moved close enough
for her breasts to press against his chest.
	"If Aeka hadn't stopped you those times, you would have..?" he asked, and
she nodded her
head without looking away from his eyes.  Tenchi gulped hard.
	"Can I ask you a personal question, Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.
	"What?" he said in a nervous voice.
	"If I had succeeded in Honoring you what would have done?" she asked.
	Tenchi had to think this over.  "For a long time I was still afraid of
you." he said, and
a pained look came over Ryoko's face.  "But, I'm not really sure what I 
would
have done."
	"I was kidding about that whole rape thing, you know that." she said, a
looked of mirth filled her eyes.
	Tenchi's mouth almost dropped to the floor.  "What!" he said loudly.
	Ryoko grinned, showing her fangs.  "Got ya!" she laughed.
	Tenchi lunged at her and caught her before she could fly away.  They
grappled in the hallway
for a moment, she did not put up much of fight even though she could have 
easily
overpowered men
ten times his strength.  One he wrestled her to the floor, they were face to
face, and she leaned her head forward and kissed him tenderly.
	"That was a really dirty prank, you had me going there for a while." he
told her.
	"True, there is a culture like that, but I'm not from it." she said.
"But, the thought of
Honoring you did cross my mind a few times."
	"I'm sure you did." he said before returning her kiss.  "We'd better get
to bed."
	A fire in Ryoko's eyes ignited and Tenchi caught on to it almsot
immediately.  "Don't be sad
but I'm really tired right now." he told her.  She had a slightly hurt
expression on her face, but
nodded in understanding and kissed him.
	"Can I spend tonight with you, anyway?" she asked.  "I don't want to be
alone tonight."
	Tenchi smiled and helped her stand up.  "I wouldn't mind a little
company." he said.
	They retreated into his room and snuggled into bed with each other.  Both
took great comfort
from the present of the other's body pressed against each other.  Tenchi 
wrapped
his arm around
Ryoko's waist and Ryoko put her's over his should and they held each other 
as
they drifted off into
blissful sleep.

	Minagi stopped off the transport shuttle at Galaxy Police HQ and looked
around at the massive
construct.  It was a space station nearly the size of a small planet built 
in
modules over the
centuries until it was at its massive size it was today.  The main concourse
inside the headquarters
was cavernous, but luckily there was interactive panels showing where each
department of the GP was
located on the station.  Minagi pulled up a map of how to get to the 
hospital
and had a printout
made that she could carry with her.  It was at times like this that she 
wished
she had her Cabbit
with her.  Quickly, following the map in her hand, she made her way through 
the
throngs of people
who when about their duties on the station.
	The GP hospital was on deck 327, which was several miles up from the main
concourse.  A turbo
lift took her to the level in only a few minutes.  Minagi looked out of the
transparent viewports
in the turbolift and watched as dozens of different GP ships shuttle about 
or
left on patrol duties.
Whent he turbolift stopped she stepped out and went immediately to the main 
desk
of the hospital.
	A tall woman with green permed hair looked up from her computer console
and smiled at her
in a cordial sort of way.  "May I help you?" she asked.
	"Yes, I heard that a friend of mine was here in the hospital and I came to
see her if she's
allowed any guests." Minagi said.
	"What is it your here to see?" the attendant asked.
	"First Class Detective Mihoshi." Minagi told her.
	"Oh, yes I heard she was here." the attendant said.  "She is blue wing,
room 149."  The
attendant handed her an identity badge that read "Guest" on the front, and 
then
pulled out an
identity scanner from behind the desk.
	"Could you place your right hand on this please?" she asked.
	Minagi did not hesitate because she did not want to arouse any suspicions
about herself.
She had run into her fair share of trouble since ending up in this 
situation,
and she sure did not
want to stir up trouble at he Galaxy Police HQ.  She did, of course, know 
what
the scanner was
going to turn up from her hand print scan.
	A few seconds later the information from her hand print appeared on a
screen beside the
attendant.  A picture of Ryoko appeared along with several other pieces of
information.  A
flashing red message appeared, "Wanted", but that was immediately covered by 
a
second message
that appeared in blue saying, "Pardoned by Galactic Union by Request from 
Royal
Family of the
Juraian Empire".  The attendant raised an eyebrow in a Spock Maneuver and 
tapped
a key on
the console.  Details into the pardon appeared which showed Ryoko's 
involvement
in the
restoration of the Juraian Empire by a false ruler.
	"Ah, your Ryoko, Detective Mihoshi must be a pretty close friend of
yours." the attendant
said.
	"We went through a lot together." Minagi lied, she didn't really know what
actually happened
on Jurai but it was pretty serious.
	"You can go right on up." the attendant said with a smile.  "I'm honored
to have met such a distinguished heroine such as yourself.  Your an 
inspiration to us that someone can turn their life away from a life of crime 
and do the right thing."
	"Thanks, that means a lot to me." Minagi said, this time it was not so
much of a lie anymore.

	Jurai Star dropped out of hyperspace 100,000 miles from the Galaxy Police
HQ and immediately
several GP fighters began to intercept them.  The sleek, heavily arms craft 
flew
on either side
of the Juraian treeship until communications to identify the ship could be 
made.
At the command
podium Aeka brought the ship to a slow sub-light speed.  A crackle came from 
the
communications
system which told her that the GP was opening their communications link.  
Tenchi
and the others
stood behind her as they watched the HQ facility grow slowly larger in the 
main
viewport.
	"Unidentified vessel, please transmit your identification and
destination." came a crisp
male voice.
	"This is Princess Aeka of the Juraian Empire, requesting permission to
dock at the Galaxy
Police Hospital." Aeka said.
	There were a few moments of silence and then the voice said, "We are
honored by your visit,
your majesty, please set your course to heading 345-346-21 mark 10 at your
current speed."
	"Thank you very much." Aeka replied.  "Jurai Star, out."
	"I hope Mihoshi is still in the hospital." Sasami said.  "Finding her
could be pretty hard,
that place is huge."
	"Who knows, it depends on how badly hurt she is." said Washu.
	"Once we dock we can go to the main desk and find out." Aeka said.
__________
TO BE CONTINUED!!!

Stay Tune for Episode 3: No Need for Mihoshi

Tenchi and the gang meet Mihoshi at the GP Hospital, but they discover their
friend is not
quite the same.  What will she say when Tenchi tells her his feelings, and 
when
a stranger
who looks sort of like Ryoko shows up sparks fly.

