Disclaimer: All characters and units related to the Tenchi Series are owned 
by AIC and Pioneer.  The author owns Sanjou, Zynd, and Vor.  Names, places, 
persons identical to those in the story are purely coincidental.  This 
series is essentially based off the first two Tenchi series (Muyo! and 
Universe), but more from Muyo!  So please don't hassle me for 
inconsistencies or varying from stories.

Now, with the legal stuff out of the way, it's time to tell the story.


				Aeka's Problem

	It had been three days since the new additions to the Masaki house and 
everyday since then had
gone about with major trouble.  Sanjou had yet to be seen in daylight, 
preferring to stay down in Washuu's
lab.  Tenchi had thought the reason he did was because Washuu wanted to run 
some tests on him, however,
Washuu assured him that that wasn't the case.  Washuu explained to Tenchi 
that he was down there helping
her out, much to her chagrin.  It was obvious to Tenchi that she didn't want 
Sanjou down there, she
preferred to work alone in her lab, doing her experiments with as little 
distractions as possible.  But this
was not the case for Washuu just couldn't rid herself of the man.  Well, 
until lunch of the third day.  Sanjou
and Washuu were down in the lab when Aeka entered the lab.
	"Miss Washuu, lunch is ready." Aeka patiently said, pointedly ignoring the 
presence of Sanjou,
which never sat well with her.
	"Already, Aeka?" Washuu said, looking up from Sanjou's side, having been 
hovering over him
while he typed away at her computer.
	"Yes, Miss Washuu."  Aeka bowed her head and turned, exiting the lab via 
the dimensional door.
Washuu nodded and turned away from Sanjou, heading towards the very same 
door.  Well, since she was
hardly doing any work, she might as well go and chat with the others, it's 
not like Sanjou was going to give
up and come with her.  Then, to her surprise, she felt a shadow overcome her 
form and she blinked, looking
back and noticing that Sanjou, indeed, had risen from the computer and was 
walking up behind her.
	"What do you think -you're- doing?" Washuu asked, adding a smirk and 
pausing in her steps as
Sanjou came up.
	"Going to lunch.  What?  Is it restricted to the living only?" Sanjou added 
with a grin, pausing
before Washuu, who could only blink for a moment, then chuckle some and nod 
her head towards the taller
man.
	"No, no.  I just think it would be a shock to most that they'll actually 
see you during the daytime."
	"Well, one must make appearances sooner or later.  It's considered 
unhealthy to remain cooped up
in one place too long."  Sanjou smirked while Washuu opened her mouth to 
retort.  `Just what did that
mean?' Washuu thought as Sanjou moved to the door and opened it, turning to 
wait for Washuu.  With
another blink, Washuu laughed and shook her head.
	"My, my, a gentleman.  Thank you, Sanjou." She said, walking through the 
door before Sanjou,
who could only grin and follow after.
	At the table, lunch had been served and everyone was awaiting Washuu to 
enter.  Aeka had just
taken her place at the table, all the while glaring at Ryoko as the latter 
did her best to woo Tenchi.  Tenchi,
hopelessly lost in the usual confrontation, just dropped his head and hoped 
it would all blow over.
	"Ryoko, leave Lord Tenchi alone!" Aeka demanded, growling at the demoness.
	"But Tenchi wants me to help him eat." Ryoko purred, much to Aeka's 
disapproval.  The
others watched, Zynd and Sasami looking to each other and shaking their 
heads.  In only three days with
the family, Zynd had already become annoyed with both their antics.  
However, everyone quieted as
Washuu's door opened and out she stepped, followed by Sanjou.  Everyone 
looked up in surprise, Aeka
and Grandfather especially.  Sanjou merely looked around and noticed the 
uneasy quietness, turning to
whisper to Washuu.
	"They alright?"
	"Yes, I told you this was going to happen." Washuu whispered back, then 
politely grinned and
spoke up to the rest.
	"Hello everybody!  You remember Sanjou, right?"  She said in her childish 
voice.  Again, an
uneasy silence followed.  Until Sasami spoke up, breaking it.
	"I-I-I'm sorry, Mr. Sanjou, I didn't know you were coming up to eat or else 
I would've made
more."  Sasami said in apologetic voice as Zynd nodded, a confused look on 
his face as his father had
finally come up to see everybody.
	"That's quite alright, Sasami." Sanjou offered, easing the girl's 
disappointment.  "Water will be
enough for me."
	"Okay, Mr. Sanjou, I'll go get some for you."
	"Quite alright, I'll get some myself.  Everyone just eat.  I'll be back in 
a moment."  And turning,
Sanjou entered the kitchen.  A sigh of relief came from the others as Washuu 
took her seat beside Ryoko
and Kiyone.  Everyone just stared at Washuu, with the exception of Sasami 
and Zynd, who started eating.
	"What?" Washuu said, grabbing a bowl of food to place on her plate.
	"Why is -he- here?" seethed Aeka, lowering her voice so Sanjou wouldn't 
have heard from the
kitchen.
	"He wants to be?" Washuu offered in a childish manner, passing the bowl on 
to Kiyone.
	"Yes, Aeka, he has a right to be here, too." Tenchi butted in, trying to 
get Ryoko off him at the
same time.
	"What's a matter princess, threatened by him?" Ryoko smirked, causing to 
Aeka to seethe more
and turn her face red.
	"I am not!" Aeka raised her voice some, then quieting down as she feared 
Sanjou would've
overheard.  "Besides, I'm not the one who got beat with one punch." Aeka 
added to Ryoko, causing the
latter to growl.
	"Would you two just stop it!?" Tenchi pleaded just as the kitchen door 
opened and Sanjou walked
out, large glass of water in his left hand.  Everyone quieted once again, 
except for Zynd and Sasami who
were busy giggling and chatting up a storm.  Sanjou glanced at those two and 
smiled, moving off to sit
down beside his son and next to Grandfather, who could only look up in 
astonishment.  For him, it was the
first time meeting a dead legend.  However, he regained his senses just in 
time and nodded solemnly to the
warrior Vor, who paused a moment.  Grandfather grinned while his mind 
questioned itself, but it soon was
relieved as Sanjou returned the nod and kneeled down beside the old man.  
>From then, lunch went on,
much unlike usual.  The presence of Sanjou had definitely taken a hold on 
the others, causing this to be the
first time where arguments weren't spat back and forth between Ryoko and 
Aeka, the first time when
Tenchi actually felt safe, and the first time Mihoshi didn't annoy Kiyone.  
Sanjou had figured what it was,
but shrugged it off, he guessed he'd just have to start up conversation at 
dinner, to lighten the others up
some.  Needless to say, lunch ended earlier than usual and everyone seemed 
uneasy to walk away from the
table first.  Naturally, Grandfather had to ease the rest by going first.
	"Tenchi, training will be in an hour."  The old man said, rising from the 
table and nodding to the
rest.  He was about to get away cleanly when Sanjou spoke up.
	"Interesting.  Perhaps I will accompany you, wise one."  This totally 
caught Grandfather by
surprise, who froze in midstep and turned slightly to look at Sanjou.  The 
rest, naturally, froze also, looking
up at the Vor who had risen from the table.
	"Yes, well, if you wish." Grandfather spoke calmly, regaining his composure 
and clasping his
hands upon his back as Sanjou walked up to him.  Together, the two exited 
the house and walked off
towards the shrine steps.  Meanwhile, the others in the house merely blinked 
and looked to each other,
wondering just what happened?
	"So, you are the Crown Prince of Jurai?" Sanjou suddenly asked, catching 
Grandfather by surprise
as they walked up the long stairs to the shrine.
	"Yes, well, ummm, kind of, not really." Grandfather stammered, taken aback 
and wondering how
this man figured out such a thing.
	"Quite alright, Yosho.  I know." Sanjou replied, continuing up the shrine 
steps as Yosho paused
and watched him.  This dead man was simply amazing.
	"You know?  Know what?" Yosho asked, hurrying his steps to catch up to the 
Vor.
	"The costume.  It's quite obvious."
	Yosho blinked and nodded his head, about to ask the question of `how?', but 
was stopped by
Sanjou's explanation.
	"The eyes give it away.  You've no doubt heard the human saying of `the 
eyes are the windows to
the soul'?  Well, your eyes are too young to be that old."
	Yosho grinned and nodded, understanding.  Afterall, how were you able to 
fool a being who'd
been alive for 8,000 years prior to his death?  Well, except for in this 
time, he would be 15,000 years old.
An impressive age for someone who barely looked to be over twenty-three.
	"Thankfully, not everyone looks for these small details."
	Sanjou nodded and both continued to the top of the stairs in silence, both 
with their thoughts.  It
took but another fifteen minutes before Yosho spoke once more while both 
were sitting in the small house
adjacent to the shrine.
	"What happens to my people in your timeline?" A thoughtful question, edged 
with concern, but
Yosho had hoped it did not offend Sanjou in the slightest.  Nodding, Sanjou 
sat in silence, thinking on how
to proceed.  Not feeling like beating around the bush with the Crown Prince, 
Sanjou laid it all on the line
for him.
	"Your people are fine.  Though smaller in number, they are happy in the 
time of peace.  In fact,
you sit on the throne as Emperor."  Sanjou stated, using the short and 
straight to the point version.
	"I do?" Yosho said, raising a brow, amazed by this new information.  He 
thought it would've
brought discomfort to the Empire had he done so here, which is why he took 
on this `image'.
	"Yes.  With the death of Azusa at the front lines, you ascended to the 
throne.  And peace soon
followed." Sanjou nodded, turning to look at the younger, yet older in 
looks, man who sat across from him.
Yosho took this all with a grin, nodding to the Vor and continuing to sit in 
quiet as they both awaited
Tenchi for his lessons.  Forty-five minutes later came and Tenchi, right on 
time, opened the sliding door to
Yosho's house, bowing and entering.
	"I'm here, Grandfather.  Mr. Sanjou." Tenchi said, bowing his head to them 
both as the two rose
to their feet.
	"Good, Tenchi, So let's get started." Yosho said, moving towards the open 
grounds of the shrine
as Tenchi retreated outside.  Sanjou followed afterwards, moving to sit upon 
the steps of the house as
Yosho and Tenchi continued on towards the large, flat grounds of the shrine. 
  Settling fifteen feet away
from each other, the two brandished their wooden swords and dipped into 
their fighting stances.  Yosho
suddenly sprang, attacking Tenchi.  The cracking of wood upon wood echoed 
through the air as the two
began their dance.  Tenchi always seemed to be on the defensive, Yosho using 
  his experience to prevent
Tenchi from mounting a counterattack.
	"Tenchi! Fight!" Yosho demanded, faking a strike left, which Tenchi bought, 
and going right to
stop mere centimeters from Tenchi's stomach.
	"You're dead, Tenchi."
	Tenchi sighed and dropped his arm as Yosho turned his back, walking away 
from Tenchi and
stopping at ten feet, only to turn around.  This time, Tenchi sprang, 
attacking Yosho before he could get his
feet settled.  If it was one thing his grandfather had taught him, it was to 
not let your opponent settle.
Again, the cracks of wood echoed through the air as Tenchi and Yosho locked 
horns once again.  This time,
Tenchi had settled his nerves and held his own with his grandfather.  
Counterattacking when needed and
deflecting off Yosho's attack, both went about five minutes before Yosho got 
the upper hand and finally
ended the fight, pausing the wooden top of his weapon mere inches from 
Tenchi's heart.
	"That was better Tenchi, however, you could do better."  Yosho said, only 
to be disturbed by a
clapping sound coming from behind them.  Sanjou, having watched the entire 
fight, rose from his seats
upon the steps and started applauding, causing Tenchi and Yosho to blink and 
look to each other, than to
Sanjou.
	"Well done, it has been awhile since I have seen the Jurai fighting style.  
It is highly impressive."
Sanjou stated from where he stood while Tenchi and Yosho went red and bowed 
their thanks to the Vor.
Sanjou nodded and returned to his seat as the two restarted their mock 
fighting.  The cracks of wood soon
filled the air once more and Sanjou smiled, leaning back on the stairs as 
Tenchi and Yosho continued their
lessons.  The arrival of Aeka and Kiyone thirty minutes later signaled the 
end of the lesson as Yosho had
just finished off Tenchi once again.  Aeka bid her half brother hello and 
Yosho nodded, slipping away to
leave Tenchi with the two women as he made his way over towards Sanjou.  
Sanjou stood, his eyes drawn
to the two with Tenchi.
	"I assume the smaller one of the two is Aeka, The Crown Princess." Sanjou 
started as Yosho stopped
beside him.  "But the other is unfamiliar to me.  What is her name?"
	"That is Kiyone, officer with the Galaxy Police."  Yosho stated, looking 
over Sanjou and nodding,
turning to watch the two as well.  Tenchi was just chatting with them both, 
relaxing after his lesson with his
grandfather.
	"I see, Yosho.  Thank you." Was all Sanjou would say, before turning to go 
inside.  Yosho nodded
and followed shortly thereafter, watching the three a moment later before 
heading inside also.

	"How was your lesson, Lord Tenchi?" Aeka asked, bidding her half-brother 
goodbye before hand
as he nodded and walked off.
	"It was okay, Miss Aeka.  Grandfather worked me over especially well 
today." Tenchi
chuckled some, turning to see Yosho walked towards Sanjou, who had risen 
from his seat upon the stairs.
	"Plus Mr. Sanjou applauded us for our work.  He said it's been awhile since 
he's seen the Jurai
fighting style." Tenchi added, turning back just in time to see Aeka fuming 
slightly.
	"Oh, did he?  I wonder why -that- man said that."
	"Aeka, calm down.  Washuu told us it isn't the same man from this 
timeline." Kiyone reminded
her, shaking her head and looking towards the two men, who were talking 
about something.
	"Kiyone's right, Aeka.  If Sanjou had wanted to kill us, he already would 
have.  Have you ever
thought about that?"
	"Well, no Lord Tenchi, I just."  Aeka said, lowering her head as Tenchi 
scolded her mildly.
	"Just what, Aeka?" Tenchi added impatiently as Kiyone returned her 
attention to Tenchi and
Aeka, having seen Yosho and Sanjou leave into Yosho's house.
	"It's okay Aeka, it's not your fault." Kiyone finally said, rescuing Aeka 
from a bad situation.
Tenchi blinked and looked to Kiyone, then turned back to Aeka, who seemed a 
bit down and bashful.
	"I'm sorry, Miss Aeka.  I didn't mean to attack you, I just don't see why 
you can't accept Mr.
Sanjou is all."
	"It's my fault, Lord Tenchi." Aeka said softly, turning her back from 
Tenchi and sagging her
shoulders softly.   Tenchi reached out for her, but Kiyone beat him to it, 
wrapping an arm around her
shoulders and hugging her close.
	"It's alright, Aeka, Tenchi didn't mean it." Kiyone said softly, looking 
back to Tenchi with an
apologetic look upon her face.   Tenchi just sighed and dropped his head, 
feeling bad for upsetting Aeka.
	"Let's go back to the house, Aeka, there's bound to be something on."  
Kiyone finally said,
turning back to downtrodden princess and escorting her softly back down the 
shrine steps as Tenchi just
watched.  Well, he couldn't back to the house for a couple hours, now could 
he?  Not with Aeka like that,
he'd just have to wait till she settled down before he apologized.  Well, 
that left going to talk with Sanjou
and his grandfather.  At least there, he wouldn't step on any feelings or 
become an object of infatuation.  So
with his mind decided, Tenchi slowly made his way towards his grandfather's 
abode, knocking on the door
and waiting on an answer.
	"Yes?" came Yosho's voice.
	"It's me grandfather." Tenchi said, sliding open the door and stepping 
inside.  Sanjou and Yosho
were sat around the table, tea spread out before them as Tenchi closed the 
door slowly.  Sanjou and Yosho
looked at each other.  This wasn't the same boy they had just seen minutes 
earlier.
	"Problem Tenchi?" Yosho asked, watching Tenchi slowly make his way towards 
the two and
dropping to the table.
	"Well, not really, grandfather.  Aeka is upset with me again."
	"Why's that?"
	"Well, she isn't that high on Mr. Sanjou, grandfather." Tenchi replied, 
looking at them both with
slight embarrassment on his face.  Sanjou merely raised a curious brow and 
exchanged looks with Yosho.
	"I see, Tenchi.  And you defended Sanjou, didn't you?"
	"Yes, father.  I just don't see why she doesn't like him.  I mean Washuu 
said." Tenchi started,
only to be interrupted by Sanjou.
	"Do not worry over it, Tenchi.  I will talk with Lady Aeka later tonight.  
I know she distrusts me
and I cannot blame her."  Sanjou said softly, offering a smile to both boy 
and grandfather.  Tenchi looked
on in disbelief.  Did Sanjou just say he would talk to Princess Aeka?  `This 
could be a problem' thought
Tenchi.
	"That sounds like a great idea, Sanjou." Yosho said, turning to look at 
Tenchi, who just sat there
in disbelief at his grandfather.  Slowly, Tenchi nodded and scratched at his 
head.
	"Well, okay, that would probably work." Tenchi stammered out.
	"Then go and tell her, Tenchi."  Sanjou said while Yosho looked on and 
grinned.  Tenchi blinked
and chuckled half-heartedly.
	"O-o-okay, Sanjou." Tenchi said, rising from where he sat.
	"Thank you, Tenchi.  I'm sure she'll agree."

	"What!?" Aeka screeched, upon hearing Tenchi's words.  She looked on in 
disbelief as realized
that Sanjou had wanted to talk with her and only her.  She seemed visibly 
upset by this and soon enough,
Kamidake and Azaka appeared to the princess's distress call.
	"What is it Princess?" Azaka asked.
	"..."
	"Uh, Princess?"  Kamidake spoke.
	"..."
	"Umm, guys, could you wait outside, she's just in a bit of shock." Tenchi 
said to the two Jurai
guardians, who reluctantly agreed to the Crown Prince.  Tenchi shook his 
head and turned back to Aeka,
who was still looking on in disbelief.  Behind them, Ryoko couldn't help but 
laugh at the situation.  Tenchi
glared at her, causing Ryoko to pout and fade from view, but not before 
telling Aeka to have a happy time
with Sanjou.  Aeka growled at this and looked back to Tenchi, her eyes 
pleading with him.
	"Why did he ask for me, Lord Tenchi?"
	"Well, uh, I kind of told him you didn't like him." Tenchi said 
apologetically, scratching his
head as he spoke this.  Aeka blinked and twitched one of her eyes, almost 
ready to open up on her grand
half-nephew.
	"Well why did you tell him!?" Aeka screamed, her voice filling the entire 
house and shaking it
slightly.  Outside, Sasami, Zynd, and Ryo-Ohki looked up towards the house.
	"Sasami, was that Aeka?"
	"Yep.  I wonder what she's upset about now?"
	Meanwhile, back inside, Tenchi began to calm Aeka, holding his hands over 
his head and
protecting himself.
	"I'm sorry, Princess, I just didn't want to see you down all day."  Tenchi 
said quickly, hands still
over his head, expecting a blow to land upon him.  But it didn't and he 
looked up to see Aeka tearing up.
	"That's..that's so sweet, Lord Tenchi."
	Tenchi blushed and his nose began to bleed.  He turned away from Aeka, 
wiping away his nose
and answering her in stammers.
	"Well, uh, errr, thanks." Was all Tenchi managed to say as Aeka reached out 
softly touched his
shoulder.
	"Than I shall do as you ask, Lord Tenchi." Aeka said softly, causing Tenchi 
to turn around and
take in her soft beauty.  The nosebleed came once more and Tenchi wiped it, 
nodding softly to Aeka and
backing up some from her.
	"Al-al-alright, Princess."  Tenchi said, then quickly got to his feet and 
ran out the front door.  He
didn't want to blush anymore than possible in front of her.  Aeka sighed 
softly, but with a smile upon her
lips as she watched his retreating form exit quickly.  A soft giggle and she 
blushed to herself, glancing out
the window as Ryoko suddenly appeared within the room, eyes roaming for 
Tenchi.
	"Tenchi?" Ryoko said softly, looking around the room before spotting Aeka, 
who seemed to be
giggling about something.
	"What are you so happy about?"
	"Oh nothing you would understand, Ryoko." Aeka said in sweet, melodic 
voice.  Ryoko blinked
and floated over in front of  Aeka, eyeing her in her happy state.
	"Is that so, Princess?  What did you and Tenchi say after I left?" Ryoko 
asked, a slight trace of
demand in her voice.  Aeka giggled and blushed more, causing Ryoko to blink 
once more and worry.  Had
her Tenchi fallen for Aeka?  Aeka just rose, still giggling, and made her 
way from the room, keeping
what just happened between her and Tenchi in her thoughts.  Though she 
dreaded having to have a meeting
with Sanjou, she would honor it so because she told Tenchi she would.  Ryoko 
suddenly faded from view
and bolted, looking for Tenchi with a worried look upon her face.

	"Aeka, dinner's ready." Zynd called out from the bottom of the stairs as 
Kiyone and Mihoshi just
entered the front door, seemingly exhausted from their routine patrol.
	"I'm sorry, Kiyone.  I didn't know that button did that." Mihoshi began, 
tears welling up and
threatening to fall.
	"I don't want to hear it, Mihoshi." Kiyone said through clenched teeth, 
using all her effort to
prevent herself from punching Mihoshi's lights outs.
	"But Kiyone." Mihoshi started.
	"I said, I don't want to hear it, Mihoshi!" Kiyone said.
	"Tough day?" Zynd asked, looking up to the galaxy police officers, a cheery 
smile on his face.
	Kiyone mumbled something incoherent while Mihoshi just began crying.  Zynd 
blinked at all of
this and told them that dinner was ready.  He then turned away from the two 
and headed towards the
kitchen to help Sasami, just as Aeka came down the steps, Ryoko at her 
heels.
	"What did he say to you!?" Ryoko kept asking, Aeka's face still flustered 
from earlier's
discussion with Tenchi.
	"It was private, Ryoko.  It didn't concern the likes of you." Aeka 
retorted, touching the floor as a
grumbling Kiyone and a crying Mihoshi began their ascent of the stairs.  Not 
even those two could affect
Aeka's state of mind right now.
	"Well fine, Princess.  Be that way!" Ryoko growled and pushed passed the 
Princess, floating over
towards the table and settling down at the table as Washuu's lab door opened 
and out walked the resident
mad scientist.
	"Dinner's ready, I hear." Washuu smiled, walking over and settling herself 
around the table,
looking up just in time to register both Ryoko's and Aeka's mood.
	"Uh, something I miss?" Washuu asked.
	"Nothing, Mother."
	"Oh, it's nothing, Miss Washuu." Aeka said cheerily, sitting down at her 
spot of the table as
Nobiyuki and Tenchi walked into the room.
	"Oh, hello girls.  How was your day?"  Nobiyuki asked, offering that broad 
smile he always
mistook for Masaki charm.
	"Fine.  Just fine." growled Ryoko.
	"Just great, Father." Aeka said, blushing as she looked at Tenchi, who 
blinked and smiled,
scratching his head.
	"Just another day, Nobiyuki." Washuu grinned as Sasami and Zynd (with 
Ryo-Ohki) exited the
kitchen doors, food in their hands.
	"Where's Sanjou and Grandfather?" Sasami asked after setting down the food 
and taking her place
beside Ayeka.
	"I called them five minutes ago." Zynd said, setting his food bowl down and 
sitting in his place
beside Sasami.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were heard coming down the steps, the 
former grumbling still from
the mission that took place while the latter began wiping away the tears.
	"Who's this Sanjou character?" Nobiyuki asked, taking his place at the 
table and pouring himself a
glass of tea.
	"My dad, Mr. Masaki."
	"Oh, okay, Zynd.  Never seen him, then."
	"He just came out of the lab today, Nobiyuki." Washuu said as Kiyone and 
Mihoshi took their
places at the table as Tenchi took his beside Ryoko and Aeka.  Immediately, 
Ryoko began curling herself
around Tenchi, causing him to try and fight her off while Aeka's mood 
suddenly soured.  Just then, the
front door slid open and two voices were heard, chatting idly about various 
things.
	"Evening everyone." Yosho said, grinning and nodding to everyone as Sanjou 
walked in behind
him, doing the same as Yosho.  Everyone paused in their actions and greeted 
the two, nodding their heads
and falling silent.  Yosho and Sanjou looked at each other and shrugged, 
taking their places at the now
crowded table.  Sanjou sat beside Kiyone and Yosho, while Yosho took his 
place by Nobiyuki at the head
of the table.
	"So let's dig in." Sanjou suddenly said, everyone looking up to him and 
blinking.  A broad smile
upon his face, Sanjou chuckled.  "Did I say something wrong?"
	To this, everyone just laughed and thus began another normal dinner.  
Sanjou sighed and relaxed,
glad that the awkward moments were over.  Dinner ran without a hitch as 
everyone began talking like
normal.  Nobiyuki, Yosho, Sanjou, and Kiyone began talking with each other 
over glasses of tea,
discussing various things from books to what was going on in the 
world/universe, the last just glad to be
talking with adults, instead of having to amuse Mihoshi, not to mention the 
fact that she got to sit beside
one of the universe's greatest legends.  Mihoshi, upset over being ignored 
by Kiyone, turned her attention
to chat with Washuu, Ryoko, Tenchi, and Aeka.  Well, that conversation was 
essentially revolved around
Tenchi, who seemed to be dodging questions of Ryoko as to what he and Aeka 
talked about.  Aeka,
pointedly ignoring Ryoko, chatted with Washuu and Mihoshi over today's 
soaps.  Occasionally, she'd
glance towards Sanjou and her half-brother, watching how great they 
interacted together.  It was almost
like they were old friends, the two just busy chatting away with no 
restraints.  Aeka wondered why she
couldn't accept Sanjou as her brother did.  She was then snapped out of that 
thought as Tenchi's cry was
heard, Ryoko was trying to kiss him again.
	"Stop it, Ryoko! Leave Lord Tenchi alone!"
	"Quiet Princess, me and Tenchi are in love."
	"Ryoko!  Stop it!"  Tenchi said, pushing away from Ryoko.  Ryoko, pouting 
once more, grabbed a
bottle of tea and began drinking it, glowering as Tenchi rejected her once 
more.  Soon, dinner came to an
end, as everyone finished up their food and settled back, relaxing.  Sanjou, 
nodding to his chatters,
suddenly arose from the dinner table and looked towards Aeka.  Having felt 
those eyes upon her, Aeka
looked up and nodded to Sanjou, rising also and making her way towards the 
sliding glass door in the den.
Sanjou followed, excusing himself and reassuring everyone that he'd return 
with the Princess very soon.
Yosho nodded and turned back to chatting with Nobiyuki and Kiyone.  Tenchi 
watched Aeka leave with
Sanjou, a faint smile on his face as Ryoko snickered.
	"Have fun, princess."
	Sanjou turned and shot a glance to Ryoko, who suddenly paled and seemed to 
shrink away.
Sanjou smirked and stepped outside, sliding the glass door closed behind 
him.  Slowly, the two made their
way towards the long wooden walkway in silence, stopping halfway.  Sanjou 
turned back towards the
house, then looked to Princess Aeka.
	"I assume you know why I wish to talk with you?"
	"Yes, Sanjou, I do."  Aeka said softly, refusing to meet the glare of the 
handsome Vor beside her.
She made him nervous and rightfully so; he was, after all, a dead man living 
to her.
	"Then there is a problem with me being here?"
	"Well, no, not really." Aeka slowly said, unsure of her own words right 
now.
	"Not really?  That's not what Tenchi told me."
	"Well, it's just...you killed so many of my people."  Aeka said softly, 
dropping her head,
saddened by that mere fact.  Sanjou nodded and fell quiet, staring down into 
the dark waters of lake.
Slowly, he sat himself down upon the walkway and removing his sandals, he 
rolled up his pants legs to
dip his feet into the water.
	"It was war, Princess.  There were things that had to be done.  Remember, 
your kind killed my
people as well." Sanjou slowly started, looking out over the lake as the 
moon reflected on its mirrored
surface.  "and besides, I am not that man.  Though the war happened in my 
timeline as well, both our
people did survive."
	Aeka sighed softly and slowly nodded, kneeling beside Sanjou.  Much to his 
surprise, he could
hear her softly sobbing.  Turning his head, he saw tears forming and falling 
from her perfect skin to her rich
garments.
	"You are crying, Princess."
	Aeka nodded her head and looked away, using her right hand to wipe away the 
tears upon her
cheeks.
	"I'm sorry, Sanjou.  I-I-I did not mean to."  She said.  Sanjou reached out 
and gently placed his
hand upon her shoulder, squeezing it comfortingly.  Aeka turned her head at 
this and then saw his smile,
how perfect and seemingly flawless it was.  This was not the man she had 
read about in Juraiian history.
This was someone completely different.  A warrior who knew compassion and 
understanding.
	"No, it is quite alright, Princess Aeka.  You are not the only one who 
cries over the past."  Sanjou
smiled, removing his hand from her shoulder and turning to look out over the 
lake once more.  To his
extreme surprise, he suddenly felt her arms go around his torso, squeezing 
it some as she choked and
sobbed softly, overjoyed by what she had finally come to understand.  He was 
entirely different than what
she had first thought and it pleased her.
	"Thank you, Sanjou."  Aeka spoke softly, holding him for a few more moments 
before releasing
him and rising to her feet.  Sanjou, taken back by this whole moment, nodded 
his head solemnly.
Removing his feet from the cool waters of the lake, he slipped his wet feet 
into the sandals and rose to his
feet.
	"Then I guess our talk is through.  I hope this will lead to a lasting 
friendship, Princess." Sanjou
said, beginning to walk back to the house with Aeka at his side.
	"I hope so, too, Sanjou." Aeka returned, smiling to herself.  She was happy 
with what their small
talk produced.  She knew if her brother and sister could come to terms with 
the Vor warrior, she knew
eventually she would have to as well.

	"Miss Aeka, Sanjou! Welcome back!" Tenchi declared as the two walked in the 
front door,
Aeka leading, her face slightly red from the crying she had done.  Tenchi 
looked to Sanjou, who only
shook his head and raised his finger, signaling the boy not to ask any 
questions.  Tenchi nodded and smiled,
looking to Aeka, who smiled in return.
	"So what's going on here?"  Sanjou said, entering the den and looking 
around as everyone seemed
to be relaxing and watching the television.  Also, the karaoke machine was 
turned on and surprisingly to
Sanjou, Washuu was up and signing an human song.
	"We're just having a party, Sanjou." Tenchi said, offering an arm to a 
surprised Aeka, who took
it with a smile.  Ryoko, who was drinking, spotted this little gesture and 
growled, downing another bottle of
sake.  `Damn that Aeka.  What's she doing to my Tenchi?' Ryoko thought, only 
to be distracted by
Washuu bumping into her with song.  Sanjou just started laughing, never 
really figuring Washuu to be a
singer.  Washuu, upon hearing the laughter and spotting Sanjou, smirked and 
went up to Sanjou, offering
the microphone.
	"Your turn, Sanjou." Washuu said, thrusting the microphone into his hand.  
Sanjou blinked and
looked at the microphone, than everyone else.  Tenchi and Aeka laughed, much 
to Ryoko's displeasure,
Kiyone giggled with Sasami and Zynd, Mihoshi laughed as well, moving up to 
Sanjou and smiling.
	"Yes, Sanjou! Since you're the new member of the family, you have to sing!" 
Mihoshi said,
causing Sanjou to blink.  Did she just `new member' of the family?  With a 
shove from both Mihoshi and
Washuu, Sanjou was moved to the karaoke machine as Nobiyuki and Yosho 
selected a song.  Sanjou just
looked around at everyone and shrugged, holding up the microphone to his 
mouth and began singing the
words to the song via a floating screen Washuu concocted to go with the 
karaoke machine.  The night
ended smoothly with no further interference.  Aeka's problem with Sanjou 
fully resolved, she sat in awe
that night, Tenchi's closeness and support causing her to be happier than 
ever.  Tenchi smiled as well,
finally glad to get all this uneasiness behind them all.  With Sanjou 
finally accepted, it seemed things would
get to back to normal---hopefully.


This concludes the story, 'Aeka's Problem' as told by the ChatBastarde.  
Tune in for future installments.
