Tenchi's Brother Saga
Regular FANFIC
PART ONE: HOMECOMING
By Iam DarkShadows
Email me at: Iam DarkShadows@aol.com
Completed: 11/27/00

Disclaimer: Everything in this Fan Fiction is property of AIC/Pioneer. I claim no rights to 
any of them. Please I am a very very poor person. Do not sue me and destroy my life. 
Thankyou

Author Notes: This story takes place right after the first TV series ends. This happens as 
if there is NO MOVIE, NO SECOUND SERIES, NO ANYTHING EXCEPT THE 
ORGINAL SERIES. This story involves Tenchi's brother. In this story Tenchi is born 
twins, but Tsunami erases the memory of the other baby from everyone's memory to 
protect the twins from Lady Tokimi. But now the time has come for them to Reunite and 
stop the evil that is spreading. New character is Mihenchi, Tenchi's twin brother, but No 
Kiyone and Mihoshi will probably play only a small part. This story will involve about 
one year and have many parts. This is just the first. Also it's gonna involve love between 
Ryoko and Tenchi plus maybe something with Ayeka and Mihenchi. But read on to find 
out the complete story.


Home. After all this time he is finally here. As he walks down the trail the sound 
of the wind can be heard as it passes through the leaves overhead. "Not much has 
changed," he thought. He continues walking as the wind rustles his long, spiky black hair 
and makes his clothes push tight against his fair build. Years of lust to see this place 
again boil up inside him. "It's like a dream," he thinks to himself. "After all this time." 
His deep brown eyes search his surroundings, picking out the spots he still remembers. 
For the first time since he can remember he smiles. Then there it is. The familiar sight of 
the Masaki shrine looms in front of him. Home indeed.
	Meanwhile at the Masaki household, things weren't so tranquil. Sasami had asked 
Ryoko to watch dinner for a minute while she got more vegetables from the shed. 
Unfortunately Ryoko had been watching one of her soaps with Ayeka and had not heard 
a word she had said. Needless to say, dinner was burned and Ryoko had stepped outside 
to get some fresh air. Spring has become her favorite season because it reminds her of 
everything she had come to love, but most of all, it reminds her of Tenchi. Ryoko smiles 
to herself, "Where is Tenchi anyway," she thought. As if in answer, the wind picks up 
once more and blows some leaves around, drawing her attention to the stairs to the road 
below. There she sees her Tenchi climbing the stairs. Ryoko's smile widens as she 
prepares to dematerialize. But her smile quickly disappears as she takes a second look. 
Wait. That isn't Tenchi after all. Or is it? Who ever it is he certainly looks like her 
Tenchi. Still pondering the resemblance she is taken off guard when the stranger is 
suddenly before her. "Hello," she manages to murmur, "Can I help you". The stranger 
merely shakes his head and smiles. Bowing in the unmistakable Jurian fashion, the wind 
once more making his long hair bend to its will, he speaks smoothly but hesitantly.
 "Good afternoon. Ms. Ryoko." At the sound of her name Ryoko quickly summons her 
energy sword and points it squarely at the stranger who spoke it.
 "Hey, just who the hell are you anyway and how did you know who I was," she barks.
 "Forgive me," the still calm visitor says. "Where are my manners." Returning upright 
from his show of respect, he straightens his clothes and turns to look Ryoko directly in 
the eye, his smile never wavering. "My name is Mihenchi Masaki, I have come to see 
Tenchi." As Ryoko realizes this must be one of Tenchi's family members, her blade 
quickly disappears.
 "Of course," she says. "You and Tenchi must be family, you look almost exactly alike."
"Well," Mihenchi starts before he is cut off by the sound of Ayeka approaching.
"Who is it," Ayeka call's out.
"One of Tenchi's family members, nothing to worry about," Ryoko says happily. "And 
boy does he look like Tenchi." As Ayeka comes up beside Ryoko she has the same 
thought. If not for the longer hair this person could be her Lord Tenchi's twin. Her 
thoughts quickly turn to the stranger's attire. Her jaw drops slightly as she realizes that he 
is wearing Jurian clothing.
"But how," she starts to say before Ryoko elbows her slightly.
"Aren't you going to say hello princess," Ryoko asks pointy. Gathering herself, Ayeka 
smiles and turns to meet the gaze of Tenchi's doppelganger.
"Well, nice to meet you.umm," Ayeka says, bowing.
"Mihenchi," he says, filling in the gap. "It is a pleasure to finally meet you in 
person.Princess Ayeka." Gasping Ayeka quickly breaks her bow and looks up. 
Surprised as she is that this stranger knows her name, she is even more surprised as she 
realizes he is bowing in Juri fashion. Her shock grows as she notices what is hanging 
from his belt. A Jurian ship key hangs at this stranger's side and besides the wood 
appearing a bit lighter, it looks exactly like the master key that Tenchi has. Noticing her 
shocked look Ryoko speaks up.
" Ya, he knew my name too," she says, crossing her arms in front of her. "Seems weird if 
you ask me, I've never seen this guy before." Ayeka merely shake her head in agreement, 
still overtaken by the person before her. Just as she about to say something, a familiar 
voice rings out behind her.
" Hey girls," Tenchi exclaims as he appears at the head of the trail leading to the carrot 
fields. "How are things going?" Taking another look he notices the visitor standing in 
front of the two girls. "Who is it, do we have company," he calls out.
"Its family here to see you Tenchi," Ryoko calls out before dematerializing and then 
reappearing next to Tenchi. Leaning against his shoulder she whispers in his ear, "He 
says his name is Mihenchi. Is he a cousin?" Tenchi lets the name run through his head 
before shaking his head.
"Nope," he says finally. "I don't remember hearing anything about a Mihenchi Masaki."
"Well," Ryoko started. "He knew my name and Ayeka's. He also said he was looking for 
you, and on top of that, his resemblance to you is uncanny."
"Lord Tenchi," Ayeka whispers, coming to stand directly in front of him. "I feel I must 
also point of that he is wearing Jurian attire and," drawing closer, her voice dropping a 
level, "He appears to have a master key very similar to yours." With that last comment 
Tenchi starts approaching the stranger who says he's family but appears to be from Juri. 
Upon reaching him Tenchi can't help but feel like he's standing in front of a mirror.
 "Ryoko and Ayeka were right, he looks exactly like me," Tenchi thought to himself. 
"But I don't think I'd let my hair grow that long." Against his own gut feeling, Tenchi 
bows and then extends his hand to Mihenchi. "Welcome," he says smiling. "It's a 
pleasure to meet you, My name is Tenchi." Extending his own hand the visitor grips 
Tenchi's own hand and shakes it lightly. 
"Good Afternoon Tenchi," he reply's. "I am Mihenchi," bowing slightly he continues, 
"and believe me the pleasure is all mine. brother." Tenchi's hand instantly falls back to 
his side as he shockingly stumbles backwards; he doesn't see the loose stone behind him 
and ends up on his back. He quickly regains himself but doesn't find the strength to get 
back up.
"W.What," he finally yells out. Mihenchi simply closes his eyes and bows his head 
slightly, yet his slight smile still remains. 
"I have waited a long time Tenchi," Mihenchi finally says looking down into Tenchi's 
face. "It seems as though I have waited an eternity to meet you once more, face to face." 
Mihenchi takes a step back and turns to face in the direction of the shrine. "This place is 
still the same since last time I was here, and the last time I saw mother." At the mention 
of mother Tenchi's face darkens and he clenches his fist into balls. But before he says 
anything Mihenchi turns to face him once more, his smile now replaced by a look of 
weariness. "Don't even think that Tenchi," he says his voice just loud enough for Tenchi 
to hear. "Mother was faithful to the very end, there is no need for such rage." Tenchi's 
look of anger is quickly replaced by one of confusion.
"You can't possible be talking about my mother," he chokes out. "You mean your mother 
right?" Mihenchi simply shakes his head once more, his smile once more returning to his 
face.
"You still don't see the truth do you Tenchi," Mihenchi speaks in a voice just slightly 
deeper then Tenchi's. "Your mother and my mother are one and the same, my father and 
your father are the same as well. I am your brother Tenchi and you are mine," he 
explains, extending his hand to help Tenchi up. Even though he is reeling in disbelief 
Tenchi reaches out and grabs the hand of the man who calls him brother. Mihenchi 
effortless pulls Tenchi back on his feet. Dusting himself off Tenchi continues to shake his 
head.
"This must be a dream or a joke," he mumbles to himself. "There is no way what this guy 
is saying could be true."
"Even if I told you it was," comes a musical voice from behind Tenchi. Without even 
looking Tenchi knows who the voice belongs too.
"Tsunami," he says quietly. Turning around his assumptions are proven true as before 
him stands the transparent image of the goddess who once saved his life.
"Tenchi," Tsunami says, "I assure you that the person who stands behind you is the son 
of Achika and indeed your brother." Smiling, Tsunami extends her hand to Tenchi, 
"Come," she says, "Let us go back to your house and I shall explain everything to you, 
and there is much to explain." With a look of totally confusion, Tenchi reaches out and 
takes Tsunami's hand as she leads him towards the house. Still Smiling, Mihenchi slowly 
starts to follow. He stops and turns his attention back to the two girls who have been 
standing dumbstruck in the spot where Tenchi last spoke with them, a look of totally 
disbelief on their faces.
"Miss Ryoko, Princes Ayeka," he starts, "would you care to join us. The story about to be 
told affects you two as well." Both girls nod in understanding and slowly start following 
Mihenchi who has resumed following Tsunami and Tenchi. Unseen by all is Yosho, 
standing on the stairs to the shrine he witnessed all that took place. Satisfied that there is 
nothing else to see he bows his head slightly and sighs.
"So," he says to himself, "Tsunami has let Mihenchi come back huh." Turning around he 
starts his way back to the shrine. "Then the time has finally come." The wind once more 
picks up, blowing the leaves in the trees and making the leaves on the stairs dance. "I just 
home Tenchi and Mihenchi are ready."



Part One is done but there is still way more to come. Even now I am almost finished with
Part Two: Revelations and Tsunami. Anyway if you like this or don't Email me to let me know
AT Iam DarkShadows@aol.com
