                   Tenchi Dimensions- Episode3:
                         "Ayeka's Hope"

Inside the house, Cupid, Ryo-Ohki, and Sasami sat and drank tea as they got
acquainted. Sasami was not at all expecting Ryo-Ohki to bring home a
visitor. She wanted to be angry with her for going to that festival alone
but she couldn't bring herself to scold her in the presence of Cupid.
She looked up from her cup of tea to the opposite side of the table where
her eyes met Cupid's face, which greeted her with a most sincere smile that
made her feel warm inside. Suddenly she felt shy and returned her eyes to
her cup of tea, hoping he didn't notice. She thought there was something
awfully cute about him. He didn't look to be much older than her.

"What's your age?" The words slipped out her mouth before she was even sure
she should ask.

"My age?" He repeated as if he had to think about it for a second.
"Seventeen." He answered.

"I'm sixteen." She announced a little more happily than she intended.
"My birthday was just last month." She continued with a little more
composure. Good, he really was about the same age she thought. But wait a
minute, why was she happy about that?
Ryo-Ohki decided to entertain Cupid with a song and as he watched on
sportingly, Sasami use the opportunity to steal another glimpse of him. She
noticed that his hair, which was mostly covered with an old style pilot's
cap and goggles, was not black like she first mistook but actually dark
brown as the ceiling light hit it. The curls that just escaped the edges of
his cap matched his eyes, which were about the same color as Tenchi's. His
skin was a honey coated tan.
As she moved her attention below his face she noticed his clothing and the
icons and words that were stitched into them (World Defense Corps.) and she
noticed they were some kind of strange military issue wear.
As Ryo-Ohki finished her song, Cupid applauded, which made her very happy.
Ryo-Ohki seemed to adore Cupid at a level that seemed to Sasami to be
comparable to Tenchi. Well, he did seem nice.

"Where are you from?" She incquired.

"Somewhere very far away." He answered. "But yet close to here." He added.

Now Sasami was totally confused.

"I know I'm just confusing you, but that's all I can say truthfully without
sounding crazy." He explained.

"No you won't. I've seen so many things and nothing surprises me anymore."
She replied.

"I'm sorry, I wish I could say."

"That's ok. I understand." She agreed.

"Thanks" Said Cupid with a smile.

Sasami smiled back and they gazed at each other. Each wanting to say
something to tell the other *I like you* but the words wouldn't reach their
lips. Just then, Ayeka came storming into the kitchen.

"What's taking my Tenchi so long? Why'd he have to go out searching for that
little brat? Wait a minute..." She paused, noticing Ryo-Ohki. "You're back?
And who is this?" She questioned of Cupid.

"My name's Cupid. I-"

"Ooooh, I know." She said before Cupid could finish. "Sasami, you found a
boyfriend! Not bad. My little sister's finally growing up!"

Sasami never blushed so hard in her life.

"Stop it Ayeka! He's not my boyfriend, I just met him! I can't believe you
said that!" Sasami got up from the table totally embarrassed and ran
upstairs to her room.

"Oh." Was Ayeka's only response.

Now feeling out of place, Cupid decided it was a good time to make his exit.

"Oh well, I'm outta here." He said, getting up from his seat.

"I'm sorry about that." Said Ayeka. "It seems my sister is a little shy when
it comes to such things. You will come back to court her?.. You're my only
hope. Um, I mean, you make such a cute couple."

This was perfect, Ayeka thought. If Sasami had her sights set on this boy,
that would make one less person to contend with for Tenchi's heart. And best
of all, there's no loser in all of this.

"Sasami is nice", Cupid answered. "But I'm not sure if I want a girlfriend
now. I just got into town."

"And why not? I think you have some nerve. Any guy would kill to be in your
position. Sasami's a beautiful princess, truly one of a kind. You're not
going to mess this up for m-? um, her, are you?"

"Wait a minute..." Cupid said, his eyes squinting with suspicion.  "Why do I
get the feeling something's in this for you?"

"Um, whatever could you mean?" Ayeka asked as she broke eye contact, making
it ever more obvious that she was hiding something. "I'm just looking out
for the best interest of my little sister. You have a lot of nerve, indeed
to accuse me of having some other reason."

"Why are you so sure I'd make a good boyfriend for her? You know nothing
about me. I could be a creep. You're not much of a good liar, ya know." With
that, he started towards the door.

"It's been fun Ryo-Ohki." He said, patting the little girl on the head as he
passed.

"Miyaa..." She replied, heartbrokenly.

As Cupid reached the door, Ayeka stormed after him.

"You ungreatful welch! I was trying to help you! How dare you speak to me
that way!"

Cupid turned around to face Ayeka and gently touched her hair.

"You know, you get so cute when you're angry." He said sweetly.

Caught totally off guard by his remark, Ayeka's face lit up red. She was too
stunned to respond as Cupid flew out the door like a bat out of hell.
Suddenly realizing it was just a ploy to make his getaway, she darted out
after him.

"Why, you're nothing but a big flirt!" She screamed, but he was nowhere to
be found. Ayeka was so peeved at the way that ended, concluding that it was
all Sasami's fault for being so prude. Now Ayeka would never have Tenchi to
herself.

"Cupid indeed." She grumbled. "He obviously knows nothing about love."

                  Next Episode: "Yugi's Guilt"
