Disclaimer: This story is fanfiction. Not intended to infringe on copyright
or ownership of the Tenchi series or any characters associated by their
rightful owners. No profit is made by this story.

Author's note: I would like to thank the readers who stuck with the story up
to now. In episode 4 I cut out the fight scene using the old "Two hours
later..." technique. Shame on me. You wanted to see the action, didn't you?
Well, for those who were disappointed, I am pleased to announce that I've
included the previously edited battle uncut and in it's entirety in this
episode. This happens to be my personal favorite episode so far. Read up and
enjoy... (ends author's notes)

                     Tenchi Dimensions- Episode5:
                         "Mi Yugi, Mi Sakuya"

It was yet another beautiful day. Just like the last few days have been here
in Okayama. A perfect breeze flowed through the air carrying all the scents
of the first month of summer. The clear sky gave way for the sun to shine
it's light upon all that could be seen by Tenchi's eyes. On day's like this
he didn't mind gathering vegetables from the crops so much.
He tosses a radish into the basket which was about full with a colorful
assortment of veggies like carrots and potatoes.

"That oughtta do it." He said to himself. He sat there on the ground for a
while just to take in the peaceful breeze that randomly brushed against his
cheek like a passionate love. Days like this brought back sentimental
memories of his first love, the day at the beach, the picnics in the park.
The one that made him feel she was all that he needed to be happy.
Then as always, his sentimental thoughts began to turn into a bitter- sweet
sorrow and he put the thought away. He rose to his feet and brushed the soil
away from his khaki colored cargo pants and white t-shirt.

"Well, better get back to the house. I'm sure Grandpa has other fun things
for me to do. Like sweep dust from the shrine."

He lifted the strap of the basket, swung it over his shoulder and began his
walk along the road. It didn't take long before his mind drifted back to his
memories. Memories of a girl greeting him with a smile that made his heart
melt.

"Sakuya." Her name escaped his lips and her face appeared in his head. Her
laughs, her smiles and the way she called his name replayed in his mind. By
the time he put away all his memories enough to be aware of the real world,
he noticed that his legs had already carried him into the yard.

"Whoa, I guess I lost myself for a while there." He said to himself with a
grin. He looked around and spotted Ryo-Ohki back in her cabbit form, chasing
butterflies that happened to be a little too quick for her. Tenchi chuckled
as she leaped at one only to take a tumble that resulted in a mouthful of
grass.
He then turned his attention to one of the old trees that stood in the yard
about sixty feet away. Underneath it Yugi sat dressed in a red jump suite.
They were shorts and they also had short sleeves. Underneath those were
black stockings and she wore matching shoes. She looking troubled by
something.
Tenchi set the basket of veggies down to come back to it later. He then
walked over to see if she needed to talk about something.

"Hi Yugi."

She looked up as if surprised. She must have been as deep in thought as
Tenchi was during his walk home.

"Oh, hello Tenchi." She smiled and Tenchi felt his heart skip. He didn't
really notice until this moment that Yugi's smile was exactly the same as
Sakuya's. He and Yugi never really got to talk nor really have much contact
since she awoke a year ago but now having a good look at her face smiling
under the sunlight, he could see the unmistakable truth: She looked exactly
like his lost love Sakuya.
The color of her hair was what threw him off before. It's long and blonde
and Sakuya had dark hair. But besides that, it was uncanny. Yugi's present
appearance was that of a girl about sixteen or so. Not far from what Sakuya
was supposed to be when Tenchi met her.

"Tenchi, are you ok?"

Tenchi realized he had been staring at her for a bit.

"Oh." He chuckled nervously and rubbed the back of his head. "Sorry, I was
just thinking... It was nothing really." He composed himself . "We really
haven't had a chance to get to know each other. I was wondering if I can
talk with you."

"Oh, ok." She replied.

"Great!" Tenchi plopped down under the tree next to her. "So how are you
adapting to your new life here with us?"

"It's very nice here." She answered. "It's the first time I've ever felt
like I had a family. Thank you Tenchi. For letting me stay in your home
after all the trouble I caused you."

"It's no trouble. You were lonely then. You didn't know the right way to
make friends and you were angry. I don't blame you for that Yugi." Tenchi
placed a hand on her shoulder. "I know that inside you're a good person and
you make this house a better place by being here. What matters is that
you?re comfortable."

"Yes, I'm comfortable." Answered Yugi. "I like this place. It's fun to be a
part of this family here with Sasami and the whole gang. Even if I can't
understand most of their behavior sometimes."

"Well, that makes two of us then." Said Tenchi and they both shared a laugh.
Then there was quiet as they both sat looking into the afternoon sky for a
while. Suddenly, Yugi broke the silence with a question.

"Tenchi, what are you thinking about?"

Tenchi was reluctant to answer the question but he felt he should come to
terms. He might not ever have such an opportunity to speak of this again. So
he told her the truth.

"I was thinking... Thinking about..." It was hard to say the name to Yugi.
He had no idea how she would react about it. But finally he just let it out.
"Sakuya."

Yugi's expression turned to surprise. "I see. You still think of her."

"Yes. Sometimes..." answered Tenchi. "I was wondering if she... Is she still
there inside you? Do you remember anything about her experiences meeting
me?"

Yugi looked down at the grass with an expression of deep thought.

"Sakuya is part of me. I laugh at the things she would laugh about.
Sometimes I cry at the things she would cry about. I find myself becoming
more like her ever so often." She lifted her head and faced Tenchi. "Yes, I
remember some of the things she saw through her eyes when she was her own
self. But being that I am ultimately Yugi and Sakuya was only a
manifestation of what kindness I had in me, I can't recall how she felt
about you. I can only see it. I see that she loved you. So if you're asking
if the person I am now is in love with you... The answer is no."

"No, that's not what I was implying. I..." But when Tenchi thought about it
for a moment, he realized that's exactly what he wanted to know.  "Thank you
for answering my question." He said finally.

"I'm sorry for what I did to you." She added. "I've recently had a taste of
how it feels to be fond of someone in such a way and I know it must have
hurt you in ways that I can't yet imagine. I understand if you can never
quite forgive me."

Tenchi said nothing for a while. He couldn't tell her that it was alright,
that all was forgotten. But he could tell her one thing that after hearing
her apology he could finally say.

"I do forgive you."

She smiled at him in acceptance and gave him a hug that felt familiar to
Tenchi. And indeed Tenchi could feel that Sakuya still existed within her.
But there was still the matter of helping Yugi settle what was troubling
her.

"So now it's your turn to tell me what you were thinking about, Yugi."

"Ok." She said. She now felt it very easy to talk to Tenchi. She usually
would tell Sasami about her problems but this was one that she didn't feel
comfortable telling her best friend. So she was glad that Tenchi came along
after all.

"It's about something that happened yesterday."

"Ohh... You mean before you came home last night. The 'Fall in the dirt'."

"Yeah." She answered, fidgeting with a blade of grass between her fingers.

"Cool. This ougtta be an interesting story. I'm all ears." He said. His
enthusiasm gave away that he didn't buy her trip and fall story and had been
dying to know ever since.

"Alright. Well, it all started when Sasami told me about the boy that found
Ryo-Ohki and brought her home. She told me that she kinda liked him but he
had left and she thought he would never come back. I wanted to surprise
Sasami so I went out and looked around the city for him. I didn't know what
he looked like but he had a unique name that I could use to ask around
with."

"Cupid." Said Tenchi.

"Yes." She answered.

"I remember Ayeka mentioning him after I came back from looking for Ryo-Ohki
myself." He explained. "So did you find him?"

"Yes. And I told him how Sasami felt about him and told him he should come
back with me to see her... Unfortunately, he declined and I decided to use
force."

"Wha?!" Tenchi exclaimed. "My god, what did you do?!" He cried out, sweating
bullets.

"Tenchi, calm down. I didn't hurt him!"

Tenchi began to catch his breath, one hand clutching his chest. "Good, I'm
too young to have a heart attack. So what happened?"

"I blasted him with my power." Replied Yugi.

"Wha?!" exclaimed Tenchi, clutching his chest once more.

"Tenchi, are you gonna let me finish the story or what?"

Tenchi calmed down. "Ok, ok, sorry. I'll be quite 'til you finish this
time."

She continued her story, telling Tenchi how Cupid had got up easily and
challenged her to a fight. As she went into detail she could remember
everthing clearly as if it were happening all over again:

Yugi and Cupid floated high above a field of... *Basketball sized tomatoes?*
Yugi thought. Then she shook the thought away. There was a battle to be
fought here.
It was mid-dusk and the sky was clear and dark blue. But she could see Cupid
clearly due to the light poles that shined over the crops. She could see
every expression on his face. The expression he had at the moment was that
of a mischievous boy about to do something he thought of as fun and games.
He was a confident one but she was soon going to wipe that smile clear off
his face. The thought of it brought a smile of her own.
Cupid stared into the face of his opponent. She had such a cute smile, he
thought. The way her lips curled a little at the edges. He had no idea that
there was anyone on this planet that had powers like his and he wondered if
Sasami had powers too. This was much better than picking tomatoes.
Finally a little bit of excitement around here. He couldn't wait to find out
just how powerful this girl was. And have a little fun in the process.

*Well, is he going to make the first move or do I have to?* She thought to
her self. After a minute, her impatience got the best of her and she decided
she had to do it. Almost as if he knew exactly when she would, he charged
toward her in the same instant. They collided into a chaotic lightshow,
repelling each other back with their energy and then colliding again, each
one trying to break down the other's force field.
The sparks and colors of energy meeting were like fireworks and their
movements were reminiscent of a dance. It all made Yugi feel like laughing
and so she did.

"Havin' fun, are we?" Cupid commented with a smile all while still keeping
his attack steady.

"Yes, but the fun is only beginning." She replied, equally keeping her
actions strong.

"You have a beautiful laugh, you know." He complimented. "And your smile is
nice too." He added sweetly.

Yugi was caught by surprise. No one's ever told her such things before. "Are
you just saying that to trick me?" She said, eyes squinting in suspicion.

"No, honest. You're cute. Too bad I have to defeat you." With that he added
some extra power to his assault, knocking Yugi out the sky. She plummeted
into the middle of the tomato patch like a fiery comet, causing a ten foot
wide crater.

"Ahhhh! My precious tomatoes!!!" Taki yelled rushing over. Cupid landed at
the rim of the crater and looked down inside.

"Oops, are you ok down there?" He shouted. Suddenly a huge surge of power
blasted up at Cupid, sending him into the night sky like a bottle rocket.

"Yaaah!!!" shouted Taki as he witnessed Cupid sailing away. Yugi climbed up
out of the hole giggling like a schoolgirl and brushed herself off.

"Now this is fun!" She declared and then took off into the air after
wherever Cupid was heading. Taki stood alone gawking at the starlit sky.

"Man, he's sure got himself a handful... Wish I had a feisty chick like
that... Lucky bastard... I hate that kid."

Yugi crept through the forest in search of Cupid. "I know I saw him fall
somewhere near here." It was dark and she couldn't make out much more than
trees and shadows cast in the moonlight. She stepped cautiously, hearing
rocks and twigs move under her feet. She heard something rustling around to
the left of her.

"I can heeearrr youuuu. Come on out and play!" But there was no response.
She squinted her eyes and tried to make out some kind of human shape in the
shadows but she could only see darkness. *Bah, just a squirrel of something*
she thought to herself and then continued on.  Then out of the corner of her
eye she saw a flash but it was too late. A blast of energy hit her from the
left, hurling her into a tree trunk.  "Ouch." She said.
Cupid jumped out of the shadows.

"We really gotta stop meeting like this." He said. "Ok, time for round two."
He poised himself into a fighting stance.

"Ok, if I invite some of my friends." asked Yugi.

"Are they as cute as you?" He inquired.

She giggled and then waved her arms. "Wake up forest." She chanted.

Two trees pulled themselves out the ground and formed evil grimaces.

"What the?.." exclaimed Cupid.  "Cool trick... But do you really think trees
are gonna stop me? Easily taken care of."  The trees approached him, moaning
and howling, braches poised to rip him apart. Cupid pointed his right hand
like a pistol and a stream of flame shot out of his index finger. The trees
dropped to the ground and tumbled around in an attempt to extinguish the
fire.

"Yeah that's right, stop, drop and roll!" Said Cupid laughing hysterically.
"That's some nice firewood. I'll be back, I'm just gonna run to the store
and get some marshmallows."

"Uh... I think you should take a look behind you." Warned Yugi. Cupid turned
around and saw a big bear wearing a ranger's hat and holding a huge axe. And
he looked pretty pissed. Cupid gulped and proceeded to back away.

"So you like to start forest fires, huh boy?"

"No mister bear." Cupid answered. "I'm sorry."

"Well sorry doesn't un-burn those poor trees, do they? You must be
punished." The bear brought his axe down at Cupid. He dodged and countered
with a punch to the stomach that sent the bear stumbling back. "How dare you
hit Smokey!" It cried out as it fell into a bush.

Yugi was laughing uncontrollably at all of this, tears coming out her eyes.
Cupid turned toward her.

"That's it! You're mine now!" He shouted.

"If you can catch me first!" She said as she flew off. He smiled. She gave
an interesting fight he thought but it was about time to end it. Suddenly he
heard something from behind. He dodged as Smokey took a swipe at him and
then flew after Yugi.

"Come back here tree murderer!" the bear growled.

After a few minutes Cupid found Yugi standing in a field of grass with her
arms folded, covered in moonlight. He landed about ten feet away.

"What? Are you givin' up?" He asked.

"No. Just taking a break, that's all... So, here we are, alone in this field
with no one around for miles." She grinned innocently.

"Hmmm..." Cupid said as he cooked up some devious plot. "So if I took a step
toward you like this..." He took a big step. "What would you do?"

"Why I'd only watch and let you take that step." She replied.

"And if I took another?" He asked as he stepped once more.

"You're free to take that one too if you like." She said. They were now only
four feet apart.

"And what if I took one more?" He asked smoothly as he stepped. They were
now close enough hold each other.

"Then I'd..." She looked into his eyes. "I'd have to..." She lifted her face
to his. *Was she actually going to do this?* She thought to herself. She'd
never kissed a boy before. This wasn't even like her. This was more like...
Sakuya. Did creating her those years ago cause her to desire... Love? More
and more she found herself behaving like Sakuya. And besides, what was she
thinking? There was a purpose for coming to find Cupid and this wasn't it.
"I'd have to trap you!" She said finally as she created a field of energy to
encase him. "Game over." She said. "And I have a confession to make. I could
have caught you any time I wanted to."

Cupid smiled in a way that made Yugi not as sure as she was a second ago.

"I have a confession to make too." He said. "I could get out of this trap
any time I wanted to." With that, he disappeared.

"Huh? Impossible!" Yugi declared. She looked closely inside and saw that
there was only a piece of paper that remained inside and it had something
written on it. She released the energy barrier and picked it up. It read:

"Dear Yugi. You are an unusual girl with admirable power. And on top of
that, you're very beautiful. Just so you know, I could have won this before
it even began. And one more thing: one of my talents happens to be shape
shifting. Which means you unwittingly let me go. I could be a bug in the
grass, a leaf in the wind... Maybe even a piece of paper, lol. Game over.

P.S. This message will self destruct... Now!"

It suddenly exploded in her hands and sent her flying back with great force.
All of a sudden she stopped. She opened her eyes to find herself incased in
a bubble made of energy and Cupid walking toward her. He had outsmarted her
and she had no choice but to face defeat.

"Thanks for the idea." He said. "It was nice playing but I'm a little tired
now. And I think you should get some sleep too."

"But... But... You cheated." She contested, face pressed against the bubble.
He walked over and kissed the bubble in the spot directly opposite her lips
were pressed.
"Goodnight." He said sweetly as he shoved the bubble off into the air. He
waved as she sailed high away.

"Wow, that's amazing!" Said Tenchi, snapping Yugi back to the present. "So
he got the best of you, huh Yugi?" He chuckled.

"Who's side are you on?" She questioned.

"Hmm... Let me think." Replied Tenchi. "You try to abduct him and force him
into love with Sasami. I think I kinda know how that feels. I'd have to say
I'm on his side."

Yugi giggles and then sighs. "Cupid..." His name escaped her lips like a
love chant.

"Huh?" Tenchi though. "Ohhh, I get it. You miss him." He said finally.

"Yes. I do." She agreed. "I like him. I like him so much. I want to keep
him. We have so much in common. I... I want to be his girlfriend!" She was
now holding Tenchi by the collar.

"Ok, ok, calm down!" said Tenchi pulling away. "If that's what's bothering
you, why don?t you just go over and see him?"

"I can't!" She explained. "Sasami. She likes him too and I don't want to
hurt her."

"I see. Maybe if you tell Sasami how you feel about him she'll understand."

"You think so?" She asked.

"Well, sure. I think you should try it."

"Ok..." She said unsurely. "Thanks Tenchi. You're the best!"

"Any time Yugi. I'm always here if you need to talk." With that, Tenchi got
up and started toward the veggies he left behind. He felt as if he really
bonded with Yugi for the first time and that was good. She was going to be
just fine staying with the group. He thought about her story and began to
chuckle.

"Heh heh... He beat up Smokey."

                            End of Episode 5