Disclaimer: This story is fanfiction. Not intended to infringe on copyright
or ownership of the Tenchi series or any characters associated by their
rightful owners. No profit is made by this story.

Author's note: Hi. This is my first introduction of Yugi into the story.
Everything occurring is supposed to be years after "Shin Tenchi Muyo" and
Yugi has been awake from her slumber for about a year or so before the
events of this story began and just about grown now.
Since there is a rather large cast of characters in this saga, I've still
only kinda scratched the surface of introducing them all to Cupid. Have
patience, it will all come together soon. Enjoy... (ends notes)

                          Tenchi Dimensions- Episode4:
                                "Yugi's Guilt"

"Hey Taki! Are you gonna help me pick these tomatoes this time or will I
have to do it myself again?" yelled Cupid, on his hands and knees, wearing
jeans and a black t-shirt. He was tossing freakishly huge vegetables into a
basket.

"Not right now. I'm working on something important!" Taki shouted from
inside the house.

*Yeah right* Cupid thought to himself. He was probably working on another
one of his useless, crazy inventions.

"You fat, lazy..." Cupid said under his breath.

"I heard that!" replied Taki.

"So? What are you gonna do about it?" Cupid asked, annoyed at the fact that
he was always stuck with the labor.

"Uh... nothing, I guess." grumbled Taki.

"Then shut up." Ordered Cupid.

"Smart mouthed punk..." remarked Taki, almost inaudibly as he went back to
his "work".

Taki was the farmer Cupid and Ryo-Ohki met the day of the festival incident.
Cupid needed a place to crash so he called in his favor with him. After all,
the chump change he got from Taki wasn't nearly enough to pay off the deal
but the fat bastard didn't have much money to begin with.
Turns out Taki used to be a scientist in the field of bio engineering before
he got into the farming profession and he liked to mix the two practices,
which explained how his vegetable monsters came to exist.
The jerk didn't even have a staff to help reap harvest. Cupid was still
wondering how he got talked into doing it. Besides that, Cupid was taking up
odd jobs using his gift to help people out of tough situations and such:
Kind of a gun for hire.
He figured when he got tired of this world he would split and head off to
his next adventure. He looked up to the night sky, which was as clear as his
first night in Okayama and stared at the spot where his ship floated,
cloaked in transparency. He thought of the people he left back home and
began to wonder if he'd ever return. Did they miss him?
Suddenly his thoughts were interrupted by Taki's cackle-like laughter.

"Ha ha ha! What you talkin' bout Willis? Ha ha!"

Cupid couldn't believe it. That fat jerk was in there watching tv while he
was out here slaving. He contemplated running in there with that basket of
veggies and smashing in over his head like a piñata. But once again, Taki's
voice interrupted the thought.

"Cupid, you got a visitor!"

A visitor? But nobody knew Cupid lived here. And he didn't know anyone who
he could even imagine trying to visit. Suddenly, *Sasami* came into mind.
Did she come to find him? And did she bring little Ryo-Ohki along? He kind
of missed the furry little munchkin. No way, probably just someone who had a
job for the "Great Cucumber Killer", as he was known by the local farmers.
Taki came peeking out the back door wearing a Hawaiian shirt and a pair of
shorts.

"Nice work Cupe, you got a pretty sweet lookin' honey!" he said with his
thumbs up.

"Huh?" replied Cupid.

"Don't try and play stupid, you sly dog you."

Taki turned and called out behind him. "Come on out back, he's waiting for
you."

  In a moment, the visitor emerged through the door.  It wasn't Sasami after
all but rather a pretty blonde girl seemingly about the same age as Sasami.
She had eyes that Cupid couldn't decide to call purple or blue. She wore a
long, red sweater that stopped midway at her thighs, black stockings and
ankle boots that matched her sweater.  She walked over to Cupid and greeted
him with a bow.

"Hi, my name is Yugi." She smiled radiantly.

"Hi. I'm Cupid." He returned the smile.

"I know" She replied. "I've heard all about you. Sasami and I are best
friends. She was right. You are cute." Yugi giggled.

"Um... Thanks. But I don't understand. Why did you come?"

"I was curious. I wanted to see the boy that could make Sasami admire
someone other than Tenchi."

"Who's Tenchi?"

"I'm sorry, I'm confusing you now. I just wanted to know if you like
Sasami."

"I do. But I don't even know how long I'll be around. I don't want to hurt
anyone's feelings. So it really doesn't matter how I feel. Do you
understand?"

"But Sasami likes you and I would do anything to make my friend happy..."
She twisted the tip of her left boot in the dirt and crossed her arms behind
her like a nervous child. She hung her head in contemplation for a moment
and then raised it once more to speak. "Even if I must force you to be
hers..."

"Huh?!" Exclaimed Cupid. "Yeah right." He laughed. "Like to see ya try."

Yugi giggled and smiled sweetly. "As you wish."

She suddenly blasted him with a ball of light that sent him flying fifty
feet back. Cupid landed in a big pile of tomatos.

"Surprise!" Yugi began to walk toward her easily beaten prey so that she may
proceed to gift-wrap him for her dear friend. But to her surprise, Cupid got
up rather quickly.
She stood, stunned as he brushed the dust and tomato pieces off of himself.
He looked up at Yugi and grinned.

"Now that wasn't a very nice surprise. That almost hurt, ya know."  He
clinched both fists by his side, opened them suddenly and energy bursted out
of them. Light began to radiate around him like an aura.

Yugi's eyes went wide. "It figures. This family always seems to attract the
special ones. Oh well, I like games... Let's play."

"Ok, as you wish." He replied. They both proceeded to levitate off the
ground until they were high over the tomato field.

"You ready?" Asked Yugi, smiling in anticipation.

"You better believe it." Replied Cupid with an equally wicked smile.

"Uh... Cupe." Taki called from down below. "If all you're gonna do with her
is beat her up, I'll take her off your hands! I mean Jeez!"

"Shut up please."  Cupid replied.

Cupid and Yugi stared at each other for a while, intentionally building each
other's suspense. Suddenly, they simultaneously darted at each other in a
blaze of light.

Masaki residence- (2 hours later)

  Sasami sat on the couch along with Ayeka and Ryoko watching cheesey soap
operas, though she lost track of the story's details due to Ryoko and Ayeka
bickering like little children over some meaningless disagreement again.
Just as well because she was too distracted by thoughts of Cupid to pay
attention.
Over a week passed since he brought Ryo-Ohki back home and she knew he
wasn't coming back after Ayeka scared him away. But also, she knew she
shouldn't have run away because of what Ayeka said. She just couldn't bear
to sit in Cupid's presence after her feelings were all but revealed to him.
Why couldn't Ayeka just mind her business?
There was just something about Cupid that intrigued Sasami. The only one who
came close was Tenchi and she would have to get through the twins of terror
to get to him.
But at this moment, even Tenchi came second to her admiration of Cupid
because he was her own to admire and didn't have to be fought over with the
others. But why was she even thinking about this now? Cupid was gone and she
would probably never see him again.
She decided to put her concerns aside for now. She zoned back in to the
sound of Ryoko and Ayeka's continuing quarrel. Tenchi enterered the room,
exhausted by today's sword training with Grandfather.

  "C'mon now, I'm tired of you two constantly fighting. What's the problem
now?" He demanded.

"Ryoko's starting trouble as usual!" Ayeka complained.

"I am not! I'm just stating the facts." Said Ryoko in defense.

"The facts? Where do you get your facts from, the same newspaper that has
'Exclusive interviews with Bigfoot'?" Ayeka snapped.

"Why you!!! You're just mad because I sent them that picture of you
screaming and the really believed it was 'Bat Boy'." Replied Ryoko.

"Grrr... Ok, I know how to settle this ridiculous discussion." Ayeka looked
over at Tenchi and softened her voice. "Lord Tenchi, maybe you can help us.
For some reason, Miss Ryoko has this ridiculous idea she's a better kisser
than me and..."

"What?! That's what this crazy argument is all about?!" he interjected.

"Well Tenchi..." Ryoko said sweetly as she pulled up close to him. "You can
end all of this easily, you know. I'll allow you to kiss Ayeka, just a small
kiss mind you. And then you can kiss me and tell her that she's garbage
compared to me."

"You must be out of your mind! Once he kisses me, you won't even have your
turn because he wouldn't want to kiss anything else."  Ayeka shouted.

"Cut it out! I'm not kissing anybody! What the heck is wrong with you two?"

Just then, the front door came crashing open and in walked Yugi looking like
she just crawled out of a tornado. Her clothes were torn here and there and
there were dirt smudges on her expressionless face.

"Yugi!" cried Sasami. "What happened to you? Where have you been?"

Yugi lowered her head and began to grind the toe of her left boot into the
floor.

"I tripped and fell in the dirt, that's all. I'm ok."

"Sheesh! Where was the dirt? At the bottom of a mountain?" Joked Ryoko as
she and Ayeka snickered.

"Ryoko..." Pleaded Tenchi, although he held back a chuckle himself. "Yugi,
you sure you're ok?"

"Yeah, I'm just fine" Yugi cracked a half smile.

"Come on Yugi, let's go to my room and you can tell me all about it." Sasami
said as she hopped up from the couch. She grabbed Yugi's arm and tugged her
along upstairs.

Tenchi stood scratching his head. "Wonder what that was all about."

Meanwhile up in the room. Sasami and Yugi sat on the bed discussing what
really happened.

"You can tell me. We're best friends, right?"

"Ok, the truth is..." Yugi began and then paused.

"Yes Yugi?" Sasami pressed on.

Yugi continued "I went to see Cupid."

"But why?" Sasami asked concernedly.

"I wanted to bring him here for you. The way you talked about him... I
thought it would make you happy."

"So what happened to you?"

"Cupid... He's a little more than I expected." Replied Yugi.

"What do you mean? Did he do something mean to you? If he did, I'll never
forgive him!" Sasami took Yugi's hand.

"No. He's really nice. I tried to bring him here by force and he only
defended himself. He... Beat me at my own game. But he didn't really hurt
me. Only my pride."

"Cupid... Who are you?" Sasami wondered aloud. Did he really give Yugi this
much trouble? Was he that strong? There was one thing for sure; he would
never come back to see her after all the trouble her friends have caused. It
was probably for the best. One more powerful person around here could be a
very dangerous mixture.

"Yugi. It was wrong what you did. You can't force someone to be with someone
else, even if you mean well."

"I know that now." Yugi replied.

"It's ok. You need to rest." Sasami stood up. "I'll be back in a while with
something to eat, ok?" Sasami smiled and left the room.

Yugi lay on her back thinking about her encounter with Cupid and how much
his power compared to her's. His power was incredible. She'd never met
anyone who could make her own abilities seem so ordinary. And she wasn't
angry about it strangely. She wasn't even angry that she was defeated by
him.
She enjoyed herself today. But she felt strange.
She felt as if she was wrong for enjoying his company. He was supposed to be
for for Sasami. But she couldn't deny her own feelings.

*Cupid...* she thought to herself. *I... I like you...*

                         End of Episode 4