Disclaimer: This story is fanfiction. Not intended to infringe on copyright
or ownership of the Tenchi series or any characters associated by their
rightful owners. No profit is made by this story.

Author's note: Hi. If you're reading this one then you must have liked the
first. Cool. Well, there's more where that came from. This episode is where
the story starts to get interesting. It was fun introducing Cupid to some of
the main characters and seeing the personalities harmonize or collide. If it
seems I'm focusing on Cupid's point of view more than everyone else: I am
for now. That way it's easier to get familiar with the new character as
oppose to the one's you already know. Don't worry, I don't intend to keep it
that way always. It is Tenchi's series after all. Here's episode 2... (ends
author's note)

                Tenchi Dimensions- Episode2:
                "No need for Cupid's Arrow"

"So this is your place, huh?" Cupid asked Ryo-Ohki as they approached a
cottage located in a remote area. It was some distance from the village but
Cupid enjoyed the little hike. He and Ryo-Ohki got to have a pretty deep
conversation about... Well, Cupid wasn't quite sure what but he pretended so
that he wouldn't hurt her feelings.
He didn't ask the farmer for much, just enough to keep himself alive for the
next few days. He was never the greedy type. After Ryo-Ohki had her fill of
vegetables (which Cupid almost thought would never happen), they began their
short journey to find her house. It wasn't a difficult walk because the
trail gave little option to get lost with.
Cupid could see sunlight gleaming off a lake in the background. The area was
surrounded with lush trees and the sound of the wind blowing through the
leaves blended nicely with the subtle flow of water and singing birds to
create a peaceful serenade. At least that's how Cupid observed it. The
beauty of nature inspired him.

"Wow... This is cool. Nice and serene."

At each side of the entrance of the courtyard stood a fancy looking log.
Suddenly, a voice began to speak.

"Hello Ryo-Ohki, welcome home. Sasami has been worried about you."

"Miyaa..." replied Ryo-Ohki as she hung her head apologetically.

"What the--?" said Cupid, doing a three hundred and sixty degree turn. "Who
said that?"

"I did." answered the voice.

"Where?" asked Cupid.

"Here." answered the voice.

"Look, I see somethin' moving around in that bush over there so why don't
you just come on out and stop playing?" demanded Cupid as he leaned against
one of the logs. "Come on now, talk to me face to face like a man." he
added.

"First of all, I don't have a face and second, I'm not a man so it would be
quite difficult for me to talk to you like one, now wouldn't it?" This time
the voice sounded very close, almost on top of Cupid. "Now would you please
not lean on me?"

Cupid jumped away from the log like it was on fire.

"Whoa, is that you talking? Sorry. I thought you were a statue or
somethin'."

"We are Asake and Kamadake,the guards of this residence." Said the other
log. "And who might you be?"

"My name's Cupid."

"Where's your magic bow and arrow? It's not valentines day, you know." the
pillar replied, snickering.

"Yeah, that's good. I haven't heard that one in over an hour now. Say, I
wonder what I saw rustling around in the bushes?" Cupid walked over and
kicked the bush. Nothing happened so he kicked it harder. This time a big
raccoon jumped out onto his chest, hissing and screeching.

"What the?! Sweet lord, get it off me!" He snatched it off and spiked it to
the ground like a football and it went scurrying into the woods. Huffing and
puffing, he turned around to see Ryo-Ohki and the two logs staring at him as
if he had two heads.

"You sure brought a strange one back with you, Ryo-Ohki." One of them said.

"Hey, that could've happened to anyone!" shouted Cupid in pride's defense,
though he felt embarrassed beyond belief. He was starting to reconsider his
thoughts about nature and came to the conclusion it was time to go. "Ok
kiddo...I mean Ryo-Ohki. You're home safe and sound now. I just hope these
two things aren't your parents. Anyways, I guess this is the end of the line
for us."

"Miyaa..." Said Ryo-Ohki, sadly.

"I think she wants you to stay for a bit." Said one of the guards. "Although
I don't think it's a wise idea. You seem a bit strange."

"Now, now. He seems pretty normal to me." Said the other guard. Just who in
this house are you comparing him to?"

"Now that you put it that way, he does seem much more normal to me." Replied
the other guard. "Ok Ryo-Ohki, we'll permit him to enter."

Happy to hear the approval, Ryo-Oki grabbed Cupid's hand and tugged him
toward the courtyard.

"Wait a minute." Protested Cupid. Not sure if he wanted to impose on whoever
might live inside the house. "I can't just come in and invite myself to
dinner. I like you too but it's time for us to part ways sweetie." Then
Ryo-Ohki gave him that pleading look again: the one that scored her the
carrot cake.

"Aww, man. Ok, ok... But just for a couple minutes, then I'm off, alright?"

Ryo-Ohki cheerfully agreed and continued to lead him through the courtyard.
When they reached the front door Ryo-Ohki rung the doorbell. While they
awaited an answer, Cupid couldn't help but wonder what might be on the other
side of the door when it opened.
  Maybe another log? Or maybe they would look like Ryo-Ohki. It was
ridiculous thinking about it. He shook the thought away quickly. He'd see
soon enough.
  After about ten seconds Cupid could hear the sound of the doorknob
rattling and the door began to open. Time seemed to slow down as soon as
Cupid first caught a glimpse of misty blue locks but nothing could prepare
him for the sight of those hypnotic eyes the color of precious pink
carnations. These features belonged to the face of the girl on the other
side of the door: the girl he instantly adored.
The girl stood in silence, surprised by his presence. Cupid thought he
should say something to break the ice.

"Hi. I think I've found someone you may have been missing."

    Next Episode: "Ayeka's Hope"