Scene 1: Space

	(Kiyone and Mihoshi are in space and patrolling the solar system for any 
thing wrong)
Kiyone: Mihoshi are you a sleep again?
	(Kiyone looks at Mihoshi and hits her)
Mihoshi: What? What's wrong now?
	(Mihoshi looks at Kiyone with tears in her eyes)
Kiyone: come on Mihoshi we are going home there is nothing out here.
	(All of a sudden the computer starts to beep. Kiyone looks at the screen)
Kiyone: What's that? Look it's a person floating in space and covered in ice.
	(Mihoshi looks at the screen.)
Mihoshi: yeah your right lets beam it a bored and take a look and see who it is
	(Yagami starts to move closer to the man in space.)
Kiyone: ok let's get him on bored the ship and head home. Maybe Washu can take a 
look at who it is.
	(The man in space was in the ship now. Mihoshi walked up to the big ball 
of ice and taped on it.)
Mihoshi: Hello? Are you alive in there? Well I guess not 
	(He went back to her seat and sat down in it. Hours later they were in 
earth's orbit and ready to land.)
Kiyone: I will go check on are iceman and see how he's doing back there.
Mihoshi: ok!
	(Kiyone got up and out of her seat and started for the door. When she 
opened it, a foot of water just came rushing in)
Kiyone: ARGGG!!!
Mihoshi: AHHHHHHH!!!
	(Kiyone walked in the room and found the man on the floor, face first in 
the water)
Kiyone: oh no! He's dead oh great now what are we going to do with all this 
water? Well this mans is all washed up. 
(grabs his arm so to turn him over.)
Man: HAY gets your hands off me you woman!	
Kiyone: (running backwards a way) AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! He's alive!
Man: yeah I guess I am cool. I LIVE!!!!!!
	(Mihoshi is looking in the room with a puzzled look on her face)
Kiyone: who are you? Why were you floating in space in side that ball of ice?
	(The man is Getting up.)
Man: well for starters my name is Brandon, and you are?
	(Kiyone looking at Brandon with a surprised look on her face)
Kiyone: well hi Brandon my name is Kiyone and this is Mihoshi, we are a part of 
the 
Galaxy police agency!
	(Mihoshi walks in the door way with a big smile on her face)
Mihoshi: That's right!! We are working in this solar system.
	(Brandon looks at them and sees that they're both wearing the GP closes 
on)
Brandon: oh I can totally see that in both of you 
	(Brandon smiles and laughs)
Kiyone: what are you laughing about?
Mihoshi: yeah what is it?
	(Brandon looks at the earth.)
Brandon: WOW! What planet is that?
Mihoshi: its earth that's were we live
	(Brandon looks at Mihoshi and walks over to her)
Brandon: cool do you think I could live there?
Kiyone: yeah it's a great planet. With lost of life to it
	(Brandon looks at her and smiles)
Brandon: so can we go down there? 
Kiyone and Mihoshi: yea!!
Kiyone: let get going dinner is probably done by now so let go!
	(Mihoshi and Kiyone get in there seats and buckle them self's up)
Kiyone: here we go! 
Brandon: Where's my seat?
Kiyone: oh crap!
(Screaming Brandon flies to the back of the space ship. The ship starts to enter 
the Earths atmosphere. Wile on the way down Brandon gets throne all over the 
place in the space ship)

Scene 2: at the house

	(the ship just landed and Brandon, Mihoshi, and Kiyone were just walking 
in the door)
Sasami: hello Kiyone and Mihoshi who is that your with?
Brandon: oh hello Sasami how's it going oh my name is Brandon!
	(Sasami, Kiyone and Mihoshi all look at him with confusion)
Kiyone: how did you know her name Brandon?
Mihoshi: yea?
	(Brandon turns and looks at them)
Brandon: well I have this ability to well, its kind of funny really...
Kiyone: Spit it. Now!
Brandon: fine. I can read minds! Ok there I said it
	(All of them with a worried look in there eyes)
Sasami: wow that's cool, can you do any thing else?
	(Just then Tenchi and Ayeka walk in the house)
Tenchi: hello everyone! How it going?
	(Brandon looks at Tenchi and Tenchi looks back at him)
Brandon: hay Tenchi! It's all good here why we are ready to eat.
	(Tenchi looks at Brandon with confusion in his eyes)
Tenchi: how did you know my name?
	(Brandon laughs and looks at Ayeka)
Brandon: well I told them but since I just met you. Ok well I can read minds. 
So!
Ayeka: What! You can?
Brandon: yep I can
Tenchi: wow that's sounds cool
Sasami: so you can read even Ryo-ohki's mind too?
	(Brandon turns to Sasami and smiles)
Brandon: yea I can, bye the way were is Ryoko and Ryo-ohki?
	(There's silence for a moment. Washu just walked in and looked at everyone 
and stopped when she saw Brandon)
Washu: do I know you form some were?
Kiyone: that's what I said were, are you form?
Brandon: He. He. I think you all have but any way I am hungry and I want FOOD!! 
I have not eaten for at least 6 years
Washu, Sasami, Ayeka, Kiyone, and Tenchi: WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	(All of them look at Brandon wondering how in the world he survived that 
long in space all alone and in a peace of ice)
Brandon: AHAHAHAH your all so funny! Well Sasami what for dinner?
Sasami: yea its Tenchi's favorite dish.
Brandon: cool
Tenchi: YES!!!!!!!
	(Everyone walks to the table and sits down and starts eating)

Scene 3 The lakeside

	(Its 3 hours after dinner every ones in bed and about to fall a sleep 
accepted for, 
Brandon who was on the lakeside looking at the stars and the moon. Sasami was 
Not getting any sleep because Ryo-ohki is not with her)
Brandon: (thinking) man the moon looks so beautiful tonight
	(Sasami is walking down the stairs she stopped at the end and looked out 
the window only to see Brandon on the lakeside just sitting there. She started 
walking to where he is, she then opens the door. Brandon looks to find Sasami 
coming towards him walking slowly)
Sasami: Hello Brandon!
Brandon: Hi Sasami what's up?
	(Sasami sits down next to Brandon and lays her head on his shoulder)
Sasami: I can't sleep but I am so sleepy
Brandon: well Ryo-ohki is coming tomorrow I am sure of it
Sasami: how are you so sure Brandon?
Brandon: well if I know Ryoko and I do she will be back for Tenchi tomorrow
Sasami: oh where do you know Ryoko form?
Brandon: well... I guess...
Sasami: well come on you can tell me I wont say any thing
Brandon: well since I can read your mind and I know you not lying I think I can 
trust you
Sasami: well that's good so tell me please Brandon!!
Brandon: oh ok! I am a space pirate well.
Sasami: WHAT!!!!! But you told us that you were not a pirate
Brandon: well if you would let me finish!
Sasami: sorry
	(Brandon was smiling at Sasami)
Brandon: its ok. Well any way I am the Captain of all the Space pirates and 
that's how I Meet Ryoko. She was the first woman space pirate.
Sasami: WOW that's! That's cool
	(Brandon looks at her)
Brandon: yeah she was a hard one that's why she was the first. She was stronger 
an all of them combined 
Sasami: wow she that strong WOW!
	(she looks at the sky hoping that Ryo-ohki would appear in it)
Brandon: yea she was one tuff woman. No one would even speak to her because 
there 
Thought that she was going to kill any one who even looked at her funny. Man was 
she was hard to earn trust to but we never trusted each other with are lives. So 
that's why when she looks at me she never smiles its all way a mad look or even 
worst with her fists. Man she was feisty and with Ryo-ohki man when we were in 
battles she was ready and waiting to kill some one.
	(Sasami fell a sleep on Brandon. he looks at her smiled then picks her up)
Brandon: sleep well little one you can rest easier tomorrow 
	(he  teleports in side the room Sasami's bed was in and lays her in the 
bed and tucks her in and kisses her on the cheek then teleports a way)
Brandon: man tomorrows is going to be a new day
	(then he falls a sleep on the roof of the house)



Hi I hoped you liked my first episode I will have lots more of them

Preview of the next episode: well Ryoko is back form her long trip and what's 
this a battle well to see how it ends up watch, Episode 2 The battle between two 
of a kind

