"Tenchi Saga 2: A Divine Reunion"
By: frogboy@tokyo-3.com
(c)2000

The phone in the corner rang.  Ryoko ran over to it and answered it with 
positive anticipation.  A male voice picked up, "We couldn't find Tenchi, 
anywhere."
Ryoko stood for a few seconds and sighed.
"The last trace of the name Masaki Tenchi was found at the train from Tokyo to 
the North Isles," the officer said.
"Thank you, anyway," Ryoko said before hanging up the phone.
"Let's see," Ryoko thought, "Tenchi could be anywhere north of Tokyo, but if he 
wanted to hide, he'd go to Hokkaido."
"Wait a minute, yesterday's news was quite coincidental," Ryoko thought.
"Aeka could've been in the Jurai ship from yesterday," Ryoko continued piecing 
things together.
Ryoko looked back in her memory, "Aeka gave Tenchi to me.  If it weren't for 
her, I wouldn't have been with Tenchi."
"Aeka, all of them, the whole family changed my life in so many positive ways," 
Ryoko pictured a transverse scene, "the struggles to win Tenchi were better than 
the final reward."
"Why?  Why couldn't the carnival go on forever?  We all deserved Tenchi, but 
Aeka showed the greatest feat of generosity.  She gave up, admitted defeat, I 
can't believe I let her do that. Why, Aeka, why?" Ryoko put her head into her 
hands and reclined into a crevice in her couch.
"We all loved Tenchi and he loved us all."
	"Lady Aeka, awaken," Azaka said.
"Where am I, why am I in the forest?" Aeka shrilly spoke.
"We took you away from Ryu-oh because the army was inspecting it," Kamidake 
answered.
"But Kamidake, the army would've saved us," Aeka told him.
"The Jurai/Earth war is very bitter and tense, we would've been considered a 
threat from Jurai," Azaka answered, "besides you cannot let anyone find you, 
Earth or Jurai for that matter."
"Azaka, Kamidake, fly me to the end of the forest," Aeka demanded.
"Lady Aeka, we cannot do that," Azaka said making Aeka angry, "The army would 
notice our flight and would surely arrest us."
"That was an order!" Aeka screamed loudly.  Several voices formed from behind 
them.  They sounded like Earth-types.
"Aeka, do not encroach upon our decision, you must run, now," Azaka yelled as he 
and Kamidake sped off.  Aeka followed them, running wildly, constantly hearing 
the footsteps of men behind her.  The sounds of rustling weeds kept her going.  
All was a blur until Azaka and Kamidake halted her to set up camp.
"Lady Aeka, we will set up camp here," Azaka said.
"Then what?" Aeka asked impatiently.
"We can rest again," Kamidake chimed in.
"But what will ever become of us?" Aeka asked in a piercing voice.
"I'm not sure we will ever find safe haven, Aeka," Azaka said discontentedly.  
All of them paused for fifteen seconds.
"Anyone for a game of cards?" Azaka interjected.
	"Oh, my, Oh, no. Oh gracious.  We're stranded on Earth. No one will ever 
find us here.  Yukanojo is now in cube form so we cannot escape the planet..." 
Kiyone complained endlessly.
"I need parts to rebuild myself," Yukanojo said.
"I have an idea, Kiyone, we could easily work up enough money for ship parts and 
at the same time live on Earth if we got a job," Mihoshi optimistically pitched.
"Simple, yet effective," Kiyone added, "ingenious!"
"I like it, let's go get a job," Frank replied.
"I thought I told you to leave a long time ago," Kiyone said inquisitively.
"I don't have anywhere to go," Frank said weakly.
"Find somewhere," Kiyone hailed a taxi for Frank and gave him a few hundred-yin.
"Ok, one criminal down," Mihoshi said.
"Well, I am going to go get a job at a restaurant, I expect you to hold up your 
own fort Mihoshi, ok?" Kiyone told her.
"Ok, I can do that," Mihoshi said as she waved goodbye to Kiyone.
"If you need to contact me, call on the cube," Kiyone yelled but Mihoshi had 
already left.  Kiyone stared blankly at nothing for a minute before walking 
away.
	"Steady hand... steady hand..." Washu said while pouring small drops of a 
black liquid into a vacuum tube filled with an invisible substance.  Each drop 
produced a great amount of energy, spewing like sparks from the tube.  Every 
crackle of energy made Washu flinch.
"You need to be less tense, Washu," Kai, Washu's rescuer, said while staring 
into a television.  The television announcer appeared on the screen interrupting 
a shojo movie Kai was strangely attached to.
"Emergency news flash," the announcer spoke quickly, "The ship that landed on 
Hokkaido has been determined to be Ryu-oh, a Juraian transport vessel.  The 
ship, however, was too damaged to tell whether or not it had any attack 
capabilities.  A female and two male voices were heard fleeing deep within the 
forest.  The two soldiers document the case went into hot pursuit after the 
three of them, but afraid to get lost in the woods, turned back and left.  The 
army is surveying the forests carefully for these invaders and will not give up 
until a resolution is reached."
The television switched back to the movie Kai was watching.
"What was that ship called?" Washu asked.
"Alpha-37, see the two lovers ventured to..." Kai explained.
"No," Washu interrupted, "In the news report."
"Oh, I dunno, it was made of wood," Kai replied.
"That could be any of a few royal Juraian ships," Washu told Kai and herself.
"Are you almost done finishing the contramatter?" Kai inquired.
"I'm done, now I need to have biological samples to phase with it," Washu said 
proudly.
"I had no idea that a 12-year old could be so smart," Kai stated.
"Well, I'm not actually 12," Washu said quietly, "I'm actually 20,000 something, 
but it's so hard to remember, now."
"You made me feel like an idiot when I found out that a 12-year old had the 
technology to breach our security," Kai said perturbed.
"Ha! Well, I need to get started, so get up here so I can gather some samples," 
Washu smirked.  Washu summoned her captivation unit to seize Kai.  It floated 
down and entangled Kai in a web of plastic chains.  Her was thrown against the 
wall in a sadistic manner.  The vehement blow caused him to become winded.
"Washu? What was that for?" Kai shouted.
"I don't know... Why did you order your guards to knock me unconscious with 
their tasers?" Washu asked.
"I... I thought you were..." Kai stuttered.
"Who? Who did you think I was?" Washu shouted.
"Not who I thought you were, but what," Kai clarified, "never mind, it is hard 
to explain."
"I have time..." Washu glared.
"I am in a weak position here on the wall," Kai whimpered, "I wouldn't want to 
make you angry."
"I'll be angrier if you don't tell me," Washu said sternly as she prepped the 
physical monitors.
"I... I... I thought you'd be... a little older," Kai said weakly, fumbling for 
words.
"What do you mean, I'm over 20,000 years..." Washu stopped and dropped a long, 
metal syringe onto the floor, "...you sick bastard!"
"I knew it, you sick bastard!" Washu shouted.
"Please, I'm sorry," Kai shouted straining to tear the impenetrable bonds.
"Ok, Kai, get ready to stay there for a long while," Washu said angrily.
	The forest grew cold.  A light rain poured for mere seconds before a 
deluge began to fall.  Cold rain flew through an opening in Aeka's tent.
"Azaka, close the door, please," Aeka whispered shivering from the cold.
"Yes, ma'am," Azaka said before rising to close the zipper door.  Aeka stopped 
shivering and lowered her head.
"Azaka, Kamidake, please leave for awhile," Aeka said.
"Yes, ma'am," they said and exited the tent.
"I am a disgrace," Aeka thought as tears poured down her cheek, "I am just too 
mean, no one likes me.  No wonder Tenchi likes Ryoko rather than me.  I would 
like to go see him, but he probably wouldn't even notice me.  Why can't I be 
like everyone else?  I just want to be loved by someone.  I want to marry 
someone who I truly love.  Why can't anyone understand that?  I am so alone, 
now. So very alone."
"Ma'am," Azaka called from outside.
"Yes, Azaka," Aeka said quietly.
"We have reason to believe that a humble house deep within the forest is up 
ahead."
"They are probably enemies," Aeka replied.
"We can always find out."
Aeka covered herself with a bright cloak and strolled out into the rain, slowly 
following Azaka and Kamidake.
	Ok, gang," a man said vibrantly, "We have two new members of Ramen-Ya 
delivery service, Kiyone..."
Kiyone give a nod and a smile.  The man continued, "...and Mihoshi."
Mihoshi waved with her fingers.  Kiyone's jaw dropped.
"Ok, you two, I expect you to be tiptop workers," the manager said cheerfully.  
The manager exited the room.  
"Mihoshi, I said find your own job," Kiyone clenched her teeth.
"But, I was lonely and I started to miss you and I was getting sad... and ... 
and..." Mihoshi became whiny.
"Sheesh, Mihoshi," Kiyone said, "You can stay."
	A phone started ringing. A yawn came from the bedroom.
"I'm coming, I'm coming," a voice called to the inanimate object.  The phone was 
answered.
"Dad?" the voice on the phone asked.
"Who are you?" he said into the phone.
"This is Tenchi," the phone returned.
"Oh, hey Tenchi, what do you want?" Nobuyuki asked.
"I don't understand my feelings right now.  I'd like to come back to the house," 
Tenchi said calmly.
"But, what about, Ryoko?" Nobuyuki questioned.
"I need a place to hide from her for a little while."
"Ok, Tenchi, the house is always open.  You know where it is.  Your grandfather 
and I will be here and you can count on us."
"Thanks, father."
Tenchi quickly hangs up the phone.  Nobuyuki waited a few seconds before hanging 
up.  He stood and stared blankly pondering Tenchi's decision.
	The doorbell rang.  Ryoko swung it open to find Akira on the other side.  
Akira walked in. Ryoko motioned for the couch and the two sat down.
"I filed for abandonment," Ryoko said.
"Oh, that's too bad," Akira replied.
"No, it's fine... I'm not the one for Tenchi," Ryoko said casually.
"What do you mean? By the way you explained him to me, you sound perfect for 
each other," Akira established quickly.
"No, Tenchi wouldn't do anything to hurt anyone," Ryoko said.
"What are you telling me, that he doesn't hurt anyone, and you are some sort 
of... sadist? I don't believe it," Akira argued.  Ryoko looked down at her hands 
on her lap.
"Are you just gonna let Tenchi leave you?" Akira questioned.
"No!" Ryoko shouted and left the room via the ceiling.  Akira was astonished by 
Ryoko's ability to fly and phase with matter. Akira ran after her, but could not 
keep up as Ryoko flew north over hills and forests.
	"Aeka, where are you?" Sasami yelled into the void of space, "Why did you 
leave? Tell me, Aeka!"
Sasami curled up on the floor and started crying.  Misaki entered the room.  She 
sat down beside Sasami.
"Sasami, Aeka left because of me," Misaki said to her.
"I don't know where she could be, but eventually she will return," Misaki 
continued.
"I know where she went, Mother," Sasami sobbed.
"Where, Sasami?" Misaki asked to appease Sasami.
"Earth," Sasami answered.
"Sasami, don't be silly, Aeka is smart enough to know that any Jurai ship 
landing on Earth would be destroyed and the passengers arrested," Misaki 
replied.
"Mother, I feel it, she is near Yosho," Sasami said.
"Sasami, Yosho was not right to marry Aeka, the Council decided that and Aeka 
gave us her word that she would not go to the planet where Yosho was exiled," 
Misaki explained thoroughly.
"Mother, if Jurai surrenders, we can get Aeka back from Earth," Sasami told her.
"Sasami, if Jurai surrenders, we will lose our colonies and money to Earth, 
besides I am certain Aeka is not there.  I want to hear no more of it. Aeka will 
return, don't worry," Misaki comforted Sasami and patted her on the head.
	"Father, I am here," Tenchi called as he opened the door to his 
summerhouse.  Aeka sat in the bushes and saw him enter.
"Tenchi?" she thought, "Is that him?"
"Azaka, Kamidake," Aeka whispered, "That was Tenchi, was it not?"
"I am not sure, Aeka," Azaka answered, "but it is someone we can stay with."
"I... I... I'm not sure if we should... how would the residents react," Aeka 
hesitated.
"Aeka, it is our only hope, we are soaking wet and we don't want you to catch a 
cold," Kamidake told her.
"That will be fine, I don't mind being sick," Aeka said unexpectedly.
"Well, Lady Aeka, the least we could do is hide in the cabin in front of the 
stairs," Azaka offered.
"Ok," Aeka agreed.  Azaka, Kamidake and Aeka went into the small cabin.  It 
contained firewood, vegetables, and old newspapers.  Aeka sat on a bench next to 
a wooden table.  She grabbed a few pieces of newspaper and pulled a lighter from 
off of a shelf.  She placed the pile of newspapers on the old, dusty, wooden 
table and ignited it with the lighter.
"Azaka, Kamidake, survey the area, be back in hour... I want you to see if any 
soldiers are nearby," Aeka commanded.
"Will you be ok, Aeka?" Kamidake asked.
"Yes, now get going," Aeka told them.  They slowly flew from the room and out of 
vision.  Aeka huddled herself around the flame.  She sneezed twice 
consecutively.  Runny mucus poured from her nose.  She pulled up a handkerchief 
and wiped her nose trying not to make it noticeable.  I became very cold after 
five minutes and she shivered significantly.  The fire began to die, so she blew 
lightly on it.  This, however, did not help.  She looked in a corner of the 
cabin and saw a can marked with a label reading, "fire starter".  She picked up 
the can and went over to the table near the small flame.  She looked puzzled at 
the can.  The lid unscrewed.  She opened her hand and held in above the fire.  
She tipped the can at a high angle and was surprised to see a liquid pour out 
and coat her hand and the table.  She jumped back.  The fire quickly caught the 
table aflame.  Aeka didn't know what to do.  Fires caught the walls and the base 
of Aeka's dress.  She shrieked and began moaning for Azaka and Kamidake, but 
they were nowhere to be found.
	"Tenchi, these feelings are hard to address, but I know that one day you 
will be able to truly see what you want in life," Yosho told Tenchi, "by the 
way, do you hear something from outside?"
"Yes, it sounds like screaming coming from the cabin," Tenchi said, "I'll see 
what it is."
Tenchi walked outside and saw smoke coming from the cabin.  The moaning had 
stopped.  Tenchi quickly ran over to the building.  He clutched a fire 
extinguisher from outside the small cabin and quickly repressed the fire.
"What happened here?" Tenchi yelled to himself.  He saw Aeka on the floor.  Her 
skin was burned lightly near her face, enough to skew her complexion, and her 
legs were bleeding persistently.  Tenchi lifted her up on his shoulder.  He 
carried her toward his house.
	"Ok, then.  Blood sample, urine sample, cerebrum sample, lactose sample, 
semen sample... that should do it," Washu said to Kai.
"Ok, you can release me, now," Kai said quietly.  Washu retracted the bonds.  
Kai stood up and dusted himself off.
"How rude, Washu, maybe I should've just killed you back in the lab," Kai said 
boldly.
"Don't push your luck, Kai," Washu told him.
"Foolish, woman. Did you know that I had abilities that normal humans did not?" 
Kai shouted at her.  He generated a small blue orb between his hands and blasted 
Washu against the wall.  Washu shot a linear blast of energy at Kai paralyzing 
him.
"Look, Kai. Do you want to be my helper, or shall I destroy you?" Washu asked.
"Ugh! How annoying, I suppose I have no choice, you truly are the greater 
scientist of us," Kai answered, "Did you ever have a man in your life, Washu?"
"What does that have to do with anything?"
"Just answer it."
"Once, I had a husband and a child, but they left me.  Ever since then I have 
kept the form of a child to escape the tortures of adulthood."
"Is he still alive?"
"That was thousands of years ago, if he is, he probably forgot about me."
"Anyone since then."
"Not really, unless you include a friend of mine that left me a few weeks ago."
"A friend? Who?"
"His name is Tenchi, he left to marry the demon, Ryoko, and I haven't seen him, 
since."
"How sad."
"His grandfather's shrine still resides on the opposite side of a door within my 
lab."
"Why don't you just go visit his grandfather and ask about Tenchi?"
"I never get the urge to visit anymore, too many experiments to be done."
"Sorry for asking you such questions."
"No trouble at all; I'm glad to get it off my chest."
	"I can't believe Ryoko just left me like that," Akira thought, "She was 
just so nice at first... she had powers, how did she get those powers.  I've 
never seen anything like that before.  I can't tell anyone."
The doorbell rang at Akira's small apartment.  Akira opened the door.
"Here is your delivery.  I'm sorry it's thirty minutes late, you aren't gonna 
take me up on my `Five minutes or it's free` guarantee, are you?  My life is 
already too stressful and if my manager found out about this, he'd dock my pay 
and it is already too much of a hassle staying alive on this small compensation 
and..." Mihoshi started crying.
"It's ok," Akira said.
"Thank you," Mihoshi thanked Akira, "I hope you don't mind your noodles cold."
"It's fine don't worry about it," Akira said replacing the bowl from Mihoshi's 
hand with a crisp bill.
"I don't think I have any change for that..." Mihoshi said whimpering.
"It's perfectly fine, keep the change and have a nice day," Akira assisted her 
out the door and closed it.  She closed the door and slurped loudly upon the 
cold noodles.  When she saw Ryoko last time, she had derived many questions.  
She needed answers or she'd never be able to rest.  She knew she had to find 
her.
"Where could she have gone?" Akira thought.
"She flew north over the hills and across a portion of the ocean," Akira 
assessed her thoughts, "She could've gone to an island in the north."
"But where?"
	"This is Queen Masaki of Jurai, I demand you send troops out immediately 
to search our system for Aeka!" Misaki yelled.
"Ma'am, we are in trouble as it is, we are missing a Space Force Lieutenant and 
Lieutenant Colonel, and we are low on forces due to the war," Taolin clarified 
to her.
"Colonel Taolin, I am the Queen and I order you to find someone to send out," 
Misaki demanded.
"But..."
"Dammit, that is an order!"
"Yes ma'am," Taolin saluted.  Taolin left the presence of Misaki and walked into 
a room.
"Private Toshimi!" Taolin announced.  A man of 18 reclined in a soft chair with 
his eyes closed and drooling on a console.
"Private Toshimi!" the PA system in Toshimi's room announced.  Toshimi yawned 
and slowly unlatched himself from the seat, sticky with sweat.  His room is 
unwieldy and covered with slime from origins unknown.  He waded through the 
trash on the floor and pressed a red key.
"Yes, Taolin," he responded groggily.
"Report to Sector R!" Taolin shouted to him.  He opened the door to his room.  
It was the first time it had been opened in months.  He made his way to the 
sector.
"Hi, buddy," Toshimi said to Taolin.
"That's *sir*," Taolin shot a stern look, "I think if you went on cases more 
often, you'd be a little more considerate of the other soldiers."
"No, man, I don't need any work," Toshimi responded.
"Hmm, well this job might get you a raise, it is a difficult task and I hope you 
won't let me down like a few girls... soldiers I know."
"Ok, good buddy, I'm on the case."
Taolin handed him a few papers regarding the instructions he quickly scribbled 
down.
"See ya later, dude!" Toshimi called before leaving.
"I am in deep shit," Taolin whispered to himself.
Toshimi climbed into his ship and twisted a few columns on his control cube.  He 
changed from his loose clothing into a durable, light uniform.
"Oakiaru, let's go," Toshimi called.
"Ok," the ship responded casually.
	Aeka's eyes opened.  She saw three male faces staring into hers.  She 
sprung up from the bed she was lying on.
"Ahh! Get away! What is happening?" Aeka shouted.
"Well, young lady, you were in our shed when it got set on fire," Nobuyuki 
explained.
"Yes, lady, we only meant to help you. By the way, who are you? You look like a 
close friend I once had, but I can't tell.  Your face is covered with soot," 
Tenchi said to her.
"Oh, my name is..." Aeka began.  She wondered what would happen if she didn't 
tell them that she was Aeka.
"No," she thought, "They'd eventually find out."
Yosho grew tired of the wait.
"Go out back and clean yourself off, whomever you are," Yosho suggested.
Aeka left and walked straight into the changing room affront the onsen.  
Nobuyuki was puzzled that she knew where to go.  Tenchi looked at his 
grandfather puzzled, "I could've swore that was Aeka.  If it is Aeka, I won't 
know how to react.  I want to pretend like nothing ever occurred, but I know we 
won't be able to."
"These emotions you are feeling are troublesome, but you can deal with them in 
time," Yosho told him.
	Aeka went behind a wooden courtesy fence and slipped off her clothing.  
She hid herself while grabbing a towel from behind her.  She didn't know why she 
had hidden herself when no one was around.  She took her towel off and walked 
into the onsen laying the towel by the pools edge.  She slipped slowly into the 
warm, crystal waters of the pool and closed her eyes slowly as the heated liquid 
slid over her body.  She splashed water onto her face until all the soot was 
cleared off.
"Tenchi go gather some wood for tonight, I feel that we will be having more 
company," Yosho said.
	"He must be here somewhere," Ryoko surveyed the hillsides off Hokkaido.  
She saw the small house below and looked into it.  It was Nobuyuki's house.  She 
looked and faintly saw a girl in the onsen.
"I bet Tenchi is inside, but what will he think if he knew I followed him.  I'll 
spy on him a little while," Ryoko said to herself.  She flew down and bumped 
into the glass of the onsen.
"Oh yeah. Washu, you bonehead. I can't phase through the wall because of you." 
Ryoko called out weakly remembering the abilities Washu limited to prevent her 
from sticking out like a sore thumb. She needed gems to do that.  She found an 
entrance in the wall and flew in quietly.  She saw Aeka and distinctly 
remembered that it was she.  She hid in the bushes and watched Aeka closely as 
she lathered herself with soap with her eyes closed.
	"Ok, let's go now, she isn't here," Toshimi said.
"Now, Toshimi, the orders were to continue looking for 72 hours, that is 71 more 
hours of waiting," his ship, Oakiaru, said.
"Oh, crap, that is, like, a really long time," Toshimi complained.
"So, Toshimi, what do you wanna talk about?" Oakiaru asked.
"Oh man, you gotta here this..." Toshimi began.  He continued talking about his 
life, which he made look so colorful and exciting.  His arm was resting on the 
console as he spoke causing Oakiaru to turn wildly against his ship's knowledge.  
The ship drifted slowly into a chaotic battle site with many Juraian and Earth 
ships zooming around.  As explosions erupted around him, he paid little 
attention.  He could not hear the sounds due to the fact that his audio switch 
was off and could not recreate the noises.  The ship floated lifelessly through 
the battle untouched and approached Earth's atmosphere.
"...So, she was, like, `oh and you didn't know` and I was, like `yes I knew, I 
was there the whole time` and she was, like, freaking out and it was, like, 
cool..." Toshimi rambled on aimlessly.
"Toshimi we are approaching..." Oakiaru began.
"Hold your horses, man, I'm not done..." Toshimi interrupted.  The craft 
breached the Earth's atmosphere and caught on fire.
"But, Toshimi," Oakiaru pleaded.
"Sheesh, dude, let me finish," Toshimi interjected.  It was too late.  The ship 
plummeted further into the Earth's atmosphere.  Toshimi realized this and 
grasped the console's controls.
"Oh, shit!  Dude why didn't you tell me!" Toshimi yelled.
"But, Toshimi," Oakiaru spoke.
"Shut up, I need to think fast!"
Oakiaru flew for a few more seconds before laser turrets rose from the ground.  
A shot from the laser turret caused Oakiaru to fly out of control and skid 
through the forest. It started sliding toward Nobuyuki's house.
	Ok, Washu, let's go see them," Kai told Washu.
"Who?" Washu asked.
"You know, your friend's father."
"But I don't know what to do or say, it is just so different now."
"C'mon, send us near the building then we can walk there; it'll give you time to 
think."
"Ok, we'll go talk to Yosho and Nobuyuki, for awhile, but be prepared for a long 
conversation."
Washu generated a door to the Masaki household.  Nobuyuki glanced over and saw 
it appear. He let out a small yipe when he saw it, but then recalled Washu using 
it.
"Oh, hello, Washu," Yosho greeted kindly, "long time, no see."
"Hello, Yosho, Nobuyuki, same feelings here," Washu greeted them as she and Kai 
stepped through the door.
"And who is with you, Washu?" Yosho asked.
"Oh, this is my new acquaintance, Kai," Washu replied.  They all swapped 
greetings with Kai.  Kai sat down near Yosho and Nobuyuki.
"Washu, you are covered with dirt and look hurt, you might want to relax in the 
onsen awhile," Yosho told her.
"Ok," Washu left for the changing room.  She removed her clothes and took a 
towel into the onsen with her.  She tossed the towel down and saw Aeka sleeping.  
She was very surprised to see Aeka, but refrained from awakening her.  She slid 
in the waters beside her.  Aeka slowly opened her eyes and saw Washu.
"Aaaah," Aeka screamed sharply piercing into Washu ears.  Ryoko snickered 
quietly when Washu jumped back.
"Washu-chan! Why are you here?" Aeka yelled.
"Aeka, why are you here? Shouldn't you be on Jurai?" Washu returned.
"Why are either of you here?" Ryoko yelled uncovering herself from the bushes.  
Aeka hid her nudity with her hands.
"Neither of you belong on Earth," Ryoko spoke in a normal voice, not as to 
question their integrity.
"How long have you been here in the onsen?" Aeka asked perturbed.
"A while," Ryoko said softly.
"Ok, people, no need for fighting," Washu told them.  Aeka grabbed her towel and 
quickly wrapped it around herself.  She left the room and shot a bewildered look 
toward Washu and Ryoko.  They shrugged to each other and followed her into the 
changing room.  Aeka hid behind the wooden fence.
"What is wrong, Aeka?" Washu asked her.
"I fled my inauguration and went to Earth," Aeka answered, "I didn't want to 
marry someone I didn't like.  If I return, I will surely be shunned and 
disregarded as Princess.  I can't let the army find me, either, or they can hold 
me hostage against Jurai. I am so lost."
"Aeka, as long as you stay at Nobuyuki's place, you'll be fine," Ryoko told her.  
Washu slipped on her attire.  The three left for the main room.
"Ryoko!" Yosho called, "How'd you get here."
"I sneaked in," Ryoko answered.
"I am not sure that Tenchi will be ready to see you," Yosho told her, "he needs 
to deal with his feelings, maybe you and the girls should make residence in the 
guest room for a while."
"That will be fine," Aeka replied.  The girls walked upstairs and went into the 
room.
"Do you feel a rumbling sensation?" Kai asked Nobuyuki.
"No not really," he answered.  Tenchi quickly ran through the door and dropped a 
pile of firewood onto the floor.  He looked as pale as a ghost.
"What's wrong, Tenchi," Yosho asked.  Tenchi remained silent.  The firewood 
began to rattle across the floor.  The room's furniture began shaking out of 
place.
"That isn't good," Nobuyuki said weakly.
"Crud!" Toshimi screamed as his ship smashed into the side of the living room in 
such a way that the wall of the house gave way and the door of the dormitory 
ship jutted into the house almost perfectly, causing the ship to serve as 
another room.  Toshimi fell out of the metal door and collapsed onto the floor.  
The girls rushed downstairs to see what happened.  Tenchi looked around the room 
shaking with utter shock.  He coasted his vision across the two strangers, his 
father and grandfather, Ryoko, Aeka, and Washu.
"He, he," Tenchi uttered a short exhausting laugh at the utter irony of the 
situation and collapsed face first onto the floor.
"Where the hell am I?" Toshimi said startled.
"You crashed into my, wonderfully designed house!" Nobuyuki yelled.
"Sorry, man, I had no control over my ship," Toshimi explained.
"What is your name, young man," Yosho asked him.
"It's Toshimi," he answered.
"Well, are you going to stay a while?" Yosho asked.
"Yeah, until your army finds me and kills me," Toshimi replied, "I am in a 
Juraian rescue ship, I came to rescue some girl named Aeka who ran away from her 
own inauguration."
Aeka looked down at the ground to hide her face.
"Kinda stupid, huh?  Why would a princess run away from her own inauguration? 
Well, her mother is gonna be pretty ticked off when I return the spoiled brat 
home," Toshimi laughed.
Aeka's face turned bright red.
"Grrrr... well, if you were forced to marry against your will, you'd runaway, 
too, you ignorant, insubordinate, juvenile delinquent!" Aeka screamed at the top 
of her lungs, tears of anger spraying from her eyes.  Ryoko broke out laughing.
"Sheesh, what's wrong with her, she is almost as annoying as that darn 
princess," Toshimi cackled.  Aeka walked over to him and slapped him across the 
face very violently.
"Ow! C'mon, what was that for?" Toshimi asked.
"I am the princess, you... you..." Aeka stuttered.  Snickering came from outside 
the window.  Aeka glanced over at it with a look of astonishment on her face. 
Azaka ceased his snickering when Aeka glanced over at him.  Kamidake later 
silenced himself.  Aeka calmed down.  Ryoko continued laughing.
"Oakiaru, come in," Toshimi called aloud.
"Who is that?" Washu asked him.
"It's my ship. He isn't responding, I think he is unconscious," Toshimi replied.  
Toshimi walked over to Kai and shook his hand, "Hi, I'm Toshimi, and you?"
"Kai," he answered, "Obliged to meet you."
"I am covered with crud, do you guys want to accompany me at the onsen?" Toshimi 
asked.  Everyone nodded but Yosho.
"Sorry, I must finish a book I am writing," Yosho said before exiting the house.
"We get the bathhouse, next, boys," Ryoko demanded.
"You can come, now, we don't mind a few woman in there with us," Toshimi relaxed 
his eyes.
"Well, I have never seen such a... a..." Aeka started becoming angry again.
"I seem to have this effect on women," Toshimi winked at her.  Aeka slapped him 
again.
 "Ow! I'm sorry. Sheesh! You have quite a strong hit for a woman." Toshimi 
replied.
"Why you chauvinist," Aeka shouted.  Toshimi was about to reply when Kai covered 
his mouth and dragged him to the onsen.
"Well, Ryoko, I can already tell that that boy will become a thorn in my foot," 
Aeka yelled angrily.
"Don't let him get to you, Aeka," Ryoko said.
"I hope he doesn't stay for very long," Aeka replied.  Aeka stared at Tenchi's 
motionless body for several seconds before Ryoko noticed her gazing.
"Why did he leave you, Ryoko?" Aeka asked, eyes still fixed on Tenchi.
"I'm not sure..." Ryoko changed the subject, "Where is Washu?"
"I think she is in the onsen," Aeka said aghast.
"Hmm, quite a lively crew we have here.  Do you wanna call delivery for a party 
set?" Ryoko asked.
"I doubt they take Juraian currency," Aeka responded.
"I'm sure Nobuyuki wouldn't mind," Ryoko said.  They both gave a short laugh.
	"So, Kai, you are a scientist like Washu," Nobuyuki said.
"Yes, I rescued her from the science facility," Kai answered.  Washu emerged 
from the changing room wrapped in a towel.  She dropped the towel to the ground 
and slid into the waters.  Toshimi stared blankly for a few seconds and then 
covered averted his eyes downward.  Nobuyuki's glasses fogged up and his faced 
glowed red.  Kai just looked at her and nodded.  Toshimi began to inch his way 
to the pool's edge.  He almost climbed out when he was interrupted by Washu.
"Where are you going, Toshimi?" Washu asked.
"I was just leaving," Toshimi responded weakly pulling a towel into the water 
and covering himself.  He slid out of the water preventing his front side from 
being revealed and quickly fled into the changing room.  He realized he wasn't 
as confident as he thought he was.  He put his uniform back on and then changed 
it back to his leisure clothing.  He walked back out and confronted Lady Aeka 
and Ryoko who were kneeling down to evaluate Tenchi's condition.
"Princess," Toshimi said submissively. Aeka looked over and Toshimi continued, 
"Look, I'm sorry about the way I acted when I first met you.  I wish there was a 
way I could redeem myself."
Aeka was still angry at what Toshimi had said about her earlier, but his sudden 
change of heart caught her compassionate side.
"Toshimi," she however did not choose to show her compassion, " I do not wish to 
talk to anyone who humiliates me in the manner you did."
"Yes, ma'am," Toshimi said softly.  Ryoko looked at Aeka, "Good going, Aeka"
"Thanks," she replied.  Toshimi climbed through the metal door of Oakiaru and 
sat down on the warm, carpeted floor.  It was tilted at a slight angle, less 
than 10 degrees.  He began tidying up.  He pulled a few blankets from a closet 
and spread them across the floor.
"Oakiaru, wake up, man," Toshimi called, "c'mon..."
Nobuyuki exited the onsen.  He saw Ryoko and Aeka.
"All done, girls, it's your turn," Nobuyuki said to them in his 
characteristically mellow voice.
"Thanks," the girls said in unison and sprung up to go to the dressing room.  
Toshimi came out of Oakiaru and waved at Nobuyuki.
"Hi, Nobuyuki," Toshimi called.
"Hello, Toshimi, I was wondering if you were hungry, because I am starving," 
Nobuyuki laughed.
"Yeah, I'm pretty hungry, but I overheard that the girls already ordered some."
"Hmm, I could've guessed that."
Aeka hid behind a courtesy fence and slipped off her dress.  Ryoko started 
talking from the opposite side, "Why are you so afraid to be out here?  Why are 
you so shy about being seen naked?"
"...It isn't proper," Aeka responded hiding her nudity more carefully than 
before.  She grabbed a towel and tied it taught around her.
"No, Aeka, I don't buy that excuse anymore," Ryoko said.
"What do you mean, `excuse`," Aeka said startled as she rounded the corner of 
the fence.
"Well, you do seem touchier than usual," Ryoko aggravated Aeka.  Aeka began 
shaking.
"I... I... don't know what you are talking about," Aeka stuttered.
"What is wrong, Aeka, are you hiding something?" Ryoko interrogated cruelly.
"I am hiding nothing at all.  Why are you asking me such nonsensical questions?" 
Aeka said before storming out of the dressing room and into the living room.
"Suit yourself," Ryoko said as she seized Aeka's clothing and hid it in the 
onsen.  Aeka noticed that she was still in her towel, but when she returned, she 
could not locate her clothing.
"Ryoko, where are my clothes?" Aeka shouted.
"How am I supposed to know?" Ryoko yelled back, "I could've sworn I saw Toshimi 
take them, though."
"Well, I am not surprised," Aeka told herself, "He is such a pervert."
Aeka trudged back to the living room in her towel.
"Toshimi!" Aeka yelled.  Toshimi crawled out of Oakiaru.
"Yes, ma'am?" Toshimi asked submissively.  He looked at Aeka in her towel.
"Where did you put my clothing?"  Aeka demanded harshly with her teeth clenched 
to prevent anyone else from hearing.
"I didn't see your clothes," Toshimi answered frankly, "Well, like, I did see 
them when you were wearing them, of course, but you know what I mean, don't 
you?"
"Listen, Toshimi, you will never be accepted in this household until you stop 
being uncivil, and start being responsible for your actions," Aeka told him 
casually.
"Aeka, I never took your stuff!" Toshimi shouted, "Stop accusing me of things."
"Are you yelling at me?" Aeka shouted appalled.
"I'm sorry for raising my voice, I'm sorry!" Toshimi yelled loudly causing a bit 
of irony.
"Go into your ship, get my clothing, give it back, and leave me alone!" Aeka 
shouted, "You shameless ruffian."
"Aeka, why don't you just go to the onsen and stop being such a brat?" Toshimi 
shouted.  Aeka's face turned bright red with anger and a vein bulged from her 
forehead.  She walked over to Toshimi and slapped him across the face.
"Ow! Bitch!" Toshimi yelled at her.  She didn't know exactly how to react to his 
previous statement.  Her anger caused her to collapse onto the floor and start 
crying.  Toshimi slowly crept away having harmed Aeka too much.  He walked 
upstairs and into the unoccupied guestroom.  She continued crying for several 
seconds, wondering what she had done wrong.
"What's wrong, Aeka?" Tenchi asked.  Aeka was surprised by Tenchi's sudden 
recovery, but did not react startled nor did Tenchi upon seeing Aeka.
"Toshimi: he is disrespectful and cannot realize his mistakes," Aeka said.
"Well, Aeka, some people you meet in life will be like that.  Do you want to go 
to the onsen and talk?" Tenchi asked.
"Ok," Aeka answered.
	The doorbell rang.  Ryoko exited the bathhouse passing Tenchi and Aeka who 
were entering, so she greeted Tenchi and decided to go back instead of answering 
the door.  Nobuyuki decided to open the door.  Nobuyuki opened the door and saw 
two girls standing holding the food set that Ryoko had ordered.
"Hello?" he greeted.
"Here is your food that you ordered, Nobuyuki," a girl answered.
"I didn't order any... wait!  How'd you know my name?" he looked a bit closer at 
the two and noticed something, "Mihoshi. Kiyone, come in, come in!"
They entered surprised and overwhelmed.  They greeted Nobuyuki and asked where 
everyone was.  Nobuyuki informed them about Aeka, Ryoko, Tenchi, Washu, Toshimi 
and the others.
"Well girls, since you have nowhere to stay, you can stay with us up in the 
guestroom with Aeka and Ryoko," he told them.
"Thanks!" Mihoshi said as she ran upstairs to make herself at home.  Kiyone sat 
down on the couch in the living room watching Yosho sweep up pieces of debris 
from the mutilated wall.  Mihoshi opened the door to the guestroom and saw 
Toshimi on the floor watching a television set.  A piercing female voice 
muttered the news in the background.  Toshimi looked over from the television at 
Mihoshi.
"Hello, who are you?" Toshimi asked.
"I am First Class Lieutenant Mihoshi," she replied.
"You are Mihoshi?  Cool, you're, like, one of those superiors of mine, aren't 
you?" he responded.
"Well..." she answered modestly.
"Aeka is kinda mad at me, so I went up here."
"So, are you staying for the night?"
"Probably longer."
"Well, Colonel Kiyone and I are too."
"Cool, Kiyone, too?"
"Yep.  So, do you wanna go down stairs and gather everyone to party."
"Ok.  Sounds fun.  I just hope Aeka doesn't get on my nerves anymore."
	They walked downstairs and one-by-one gathered the inhabitants of the 
house.  Everyone gathered around the couch and on the floor.  The night 
progressed and the group shared conversations about their lives.  All was well 
at the Masaki household.  A television announcer spoke faintly in the 
background,  "A criminal was seen fleeing into the forest earlier this evening 
and..."
	"She is here somewhere, I know she is," Akira said maniacally to herself, 
"Yes, somewhere she is here."
Aeka covered herself with the bedspread on the guestroom's queen-size bed.  
Ryoko was in a sleeping bag staring up at the ceiling.  Mihoshi was sleeping on 
a comforter spread across the floor.  Kiyone was on the same comforter and was 
sleeping with her face down in her pillow.  Tenchi was sound asleep in his room 
on his bed.  Toshimi was in his ship, Oakiaru, along with Kai and Washu who was 
busy creating a subdimensional doorway to her lab in Oakiaru.
	"Aeka, I know you are on Earth," Sasami yelled into the sky, "and I will 
find you."



			(To Be Continued)

(Disclaimer:  All characters from the Tenchi Muyo series and movies are 
copyrighted to their respective companies, if not Pioneer (tm) than whomever 
they belong to.  The plot, new characters, etc. that are new and/or different 
than usual belong to me, David Boutwell.  It would be unlawful and pretty mean 
if you were to steal any of this story and claim it as your own.  I would like 
to hear the comments of anyone reading this story.  I probably won't make more 
until I find my potential readers.  I would also like your input on how to make 
the next episodes of the series.  I hope you enjoyed it.  If you think it 
sucked, then yell at me via my e-mail address, frogboy@tokyo-3.com.  Be prepared 
for many continuations of this series.  Thank you for taking time to read this.)

