My Rant:  This character, in my mind, is supposed to be in the series from the 
beginning to the end.  My story takes place during the Tenchi Universe series, 
except some elements may
be carried over from Shin Tenchi Muyo and Tenchi OVA.  Even though this may be 
boring please take the time to read it, so the other stories make sense.  This 
will be one to capture
your eye later.  I mean Tenchi and Ryoko together usually catches my eye.  
Hopefully you share in my passion for Tenchi and Ryoko together.  Anyway, if 
you're still reading, here is
some background info on Ruki Masaki.

 

Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters.  They belong to AIC 
and Pioneer and other stuff, although this series is of my making and I did make 
up my own character.
Don't sue me!  This is only a trifle of a fanfic.

 

Tenchi's Brother- Prologue

 

Ruki Masaki, in some way, has a link to all the members of Tenchi's household.  
Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka and Sasami, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Washu, Nobiyuki, and 
Katsuhito. 

Ruki is Tenchi's adopted brother that left for space about 10 years ago. Ruki is 
about 5 years older than Tenchi.  Tenchi still has very sharp memories of Ruki. 
Ruki is actually the son of Nobyuki's sister and brother-in-law.  His real 
parents died when Ruki was a young child. Unfortunately, Ruki was old enough to 
remember their horrifying deaths.  Shortly after their deaths, Tenchi's parents 
took Ruki in, as there own child and he was their only child until Tenchi was 
born.  

It turned out that Ruki was a genius, a real prodigy.  Sometime after Tenchi's 
mother's death, Ruki took off for space.  He was so smart he was to enroll at 
the Science Academy at age 14.  About 4 years after he left, the space pirate 
Ryoko hit the Science Academy, looking for a "geek" to help her develop top-
notch weaponry.  It just so happened she took Ruki, at age 18.  And she didn't 
just grab the first person she found.  Ryoko did her homework.  Many teachers at 
the Science Academy said that Ruki's test scores and genius almost matched that 
of the Great Scientist Washu.  Over time Ruki began researching this Great Washu 
people were talking about and saw how awesome her power was.  He made it his 
goal to one day be as great as Washu.  Of course when Ryoko came and captured 
him he wasn't at all surprised considering that Ryoko was the Great Washu's 
daughter. 

 Because of this Ryoko and Ruki became best friends, like brother and sister, 
and partners in crime.  Ruki was skilled not only in smarts but in fighting 
because of Katsuhito's training. 
Ryoko decided she could use a partner, so she gave him a special zap and presto!  
Ruki was given all the powers that Ryoko had.  They went from galaxy to galaxy, 
terrorizing people and
striking fear in the hearts of millions.  "Why isn't Ruki a most wanted criminal 
like Ryoko?  The reason is because an incident with Nagi left Ruki "dead" and 
all the criminal charges were
erased.  The GP couldn't convict a dead person so they couldn't do anything 
about it.   During the next 4 years Ryoko and Ruki got a reputation as the most 
feared and dangerous
criminals in the universe.  People started calling them The Renegade Duo. 

 Ruki's hate for the Jurain princess became as big as Ryoko's, only he kept his 
temper in check most of the time.  Ayeka's hate was equally the same.  She was 
so enraged by their
behavior, that she herself fought Ryoko and Ruki many a times.  

Ruki was always confidant, strong, and fearless.  Only once did he let his guard 
down.  One time the Galaxy Police were in hot pursuit of The Renegade Duo when a 
beautiful voice that
Ruki couldn't resist came beckoning.  "Stop at once.  This is the Galaxy 
Police," first class officer Kiyone's voice boomed.  Ruki let himself get 
caught, but bought enough time for Ryoko
to go.   After Kiyone's first glimpse she was in love, as well was Ruki.  
Kiyone's high position at the time let Ruki out on a minor charge.  Kiyone and 
Ruki fell in love, big time.  Only one
problem, Kiyone was called into work a lot, and of course her partner.  Mihoshi 
was always interrupting or getting in the way.  Of course her big mouth didn't 
help either.  She got Ruki
thrown in prison.  It took Kiyone 3 months to convince the top GP officials to 
let him out.  

After this period of time, Ruki had a change of heart.  He decided not to kill 
anymore.  He was going to go home and see his family and live peacefully on 
Earth.  Unfortunately Kiyone's
job made her stay where she was.  After a long goodbye, Ruki started the long 
journey home.  With little money it took almost 2 years for him to get home.  At 
this point Ruki was
relieved to finally get back to earth and see his father and brother and 
grandfather.  At first Tenchi didn't even recognize him nor did Ruki recognize 
Tenchi considering they hadn't seen
each other in 10 years.  Nobiyuki recognized him right away.  They talked and 
talked, but Ruki never mentioned his time with Ryoko.  He figured that was best 
kept a secret.  Then of
course fate set in and only months later the girls started to show up one by one 
just like you remember.  Ryoko pretended to not know Ruki at first just to keep 
her from getting caught
by Mihoshi.   Ruki was totally stunned but he played along.  Then Mihoshi 
wouldn't stop rambling about how great it was to see Ruki again.  Tenchi was the 
most surprised when he
found out that 2 women who fell from space were actually living at his house, 
let alone knew his brother.  The whole story about Ryoko and Ruki was explained.  
Then Ayeka came, and
of course Ryoko and Ruki had the same reaction.  Then Sasami came.  Ruki really 
had never met Sasami but of course he new she was Ayeka's sister.  Then Washu.  
Ruki was totally
amazed and kept rambling in Washu's ear about how she inspired him and he 
planned to be as smart as her.  This, of course, made Washu drop a statue on his 
head.  "No one will ever
surpass my superior knowledge," she shouted.  And of course you can guess what 
it was like when Kiyone came.  Hugs, kisses, stories, and of course there were 
some mixed emotions. 
Kiyone wasn't at all happy that Ruki and Ryoko were still getting along, since 
it was her duty to capture Ryoko.  

 

Author's Notes:  So that's the story on Ruki Masaki.  I know I drew it out 
awhile, but fear not!  After a couple of actual fics we will get to present day 
Tenchi Muyo!  Keep my name in
mind, I may be dealing out a lot more soon.  Thanks for reading this background 
check first, if you are. And if you aren't well that's tough for you.  But I 
guess if you weren't reading this
than you wouldn't know that I told you it was tough.  Anyway it's getting late 
so hopefully I can start on my first fic on Ruki tomorrow.
