Hey wasup. Anybody who read the 1st version My disk My disk that I usually
save my work on is acting up on me please forgive.as some of you guys know I
decided to leave mah traditional script format.One other thing the story
maybe revolving around the new characther and Kiyone.I know it seems boring
and that how I want it to be.Also Episode 5 might be delayed  yeah I know I
bet some of ya are like yea man I hope this guy stop sending stories because
he suck.Don't worry it will get better Allright anybody at Pioneer please
don't sue me.Allright please enjoy(^-^)

                            Tenchi World
                      Episode 4 No Need for a Deal

    As Kiyone walked down the stairs of the ship to Yuigame she see's Ping
giving it some finishing touches on it.She walked over to ask Ping if she
could do anything to repay him for this but Ping replied back

     "Naw thats alright.I'm sure you're friends and families are worried
about you.
    "Thank you so much Ping"said Kiyone.
 Her hand shook pings hand as if they weren't going to see each other
anymore.
    "It's nice to have a freind like you Ping caring,nice,and gentle"said
Kiyone
 Then she walked towards Yuigame but then Ping stopped her
     "You forgot your cabbit"said Ping showing her the doll he won for her
earlier.
     "Thanks Ping.Why don't you keep it"
     "Naw thats Ok I have an idea why don't we seal our freindship into this
cabbit doll but you must keep it"said Ping
      "Allright I don't mind"said Kiyone
After they plegde their freindship Kiyone she took the doll,turned to leave
but then she quickly turned around and face Ping.
      "Hey Ping.........If your ever down on earth please go and visit a
town called Okyame in country called Japan and near Okyame is a shrine
called the Masaki shrine ask for Tenchi he is a real nice guy I'm sure
you'll like him.
      "Tenchi Huh It sounds soooo Familiar........Alright When ever I'm down
there."Said Ping
Then She finally got on her ship left Hagasake and Ping for now........

   While Kiyone was heading to Head quarters on her ship she decided to call
in to let them know that she's safe
       "Computer contact Head quarters"Kiyone commanded the computer the
screen pops up along with an image of the headquarters operator
       "This is the Galaxy police headquarters.What is your statis?"asked
operator
       "This is 1st Class detective Kiyone.I have escape from the clutches
of Ping the space pirate"Said Kiyone
        "Oh yes thats right.The cheif would like to talk to you."
        "I know................"Then all the sudden the whole head quarters
goes into a red alert mode .Kiyone can see hundreds of Police officers
running back and fourth in the back ground.
        "Hey whats going on !?"She said the operator started typing some
things on keyboard
        "Uh Jun Pao the tatood space pirate is attacking Noble family of
Juria's vessel at cordination 543,90"the operator said
        "Thats not too far from where I'm at"said Kiyone"I think I'll help
out"she goes into hyper drive
As she got to her location she has already seen thousands of Galaxy Police
cruisers                                                  being blown to
bits trying to protect the vessel.
       "Omigosh!"Ping would never do anything like this.Well Time to take
Jun pao out!Yelled Kiyone she aproaches Jun paos ship which is about as big
as Hagasake except a little bigger  and heavily armed.
   She shot two two of her strongest weapons at the Jun Paos ship but see's
no damaged been done cause of the force field and then all the sudden she
see's the ship turns towards her.
       "Oh no!"Yelled Kiyone.But then by the struck of look she see's
Hagasake crashing and bumping into Jun Pao's ship trying to get his
attention soon the two big ship started a one on one battle.It seems that
Ping is doing fine.For he could match up to the ships manavauers

    "What am I doing standing around like this!I have to do something!"said
Kiyone a screen pops up in her ship revealing Pings image"Wasup Kiyone?Hows
it going?"
    "What are you doing here Ping?"asked Kiyone but before her question can
be answered  Jun pao announce to evey ship that he is through playing around
with them.Jun Pao's ship got ready to charge up.
    "Hey whats that?"asked Kiyone
    " Its his Special attack the death blow.First he charges up shoots it a
ship and in about 2 minutes  the ship will blow up completely and there is
no way to escape it to."said a fellow Gp officer.
 The ship turned towards Noble Family vessel and shot the ball of energy at
it but then Hagasake got in front of the vessel to intercept the ball of
energy with his own ship.
Jun Pao's ship took off to get away from the blast.
   "Dude we got to get out of here that blast is going to be big!"Yelled an
officer.
   "Ping!"Kiyone said to Ping on screen"You only got
   "Yeah I know I heard.Well you guys better get out of here.Ping said
   "Thanks Ping"She said
   "Hey..What are freinds for?"He finally said
Hagasake took off towards the oposite direction
   "It seems that he is trying to keep the blast from killing us."said an
officer"Allright man 20 of you guys go and escort the family to his
location."said a Gp sergeant they all took their orders and disapeared from
the spot where they later on reported back to HQ.

    While Kiyone was walking down the hall ways that leads to the main
office room of head quarters once again she started thinking about Ping and
then all the sudden she heard somebody's voice call her name
         "Oh no that voice I know who that is"she said shakingly then all
the sudden the                     person jumped on Kiyone and started to
hug her untill she couldn't hardly breath"Kiyone!Kiyone!I miss you so much
are you ok?"asked Mihoshi
         "Mihoshi!I .....can't...... breath..... get off!"Yelled Kiyone then
Mihoshi finally lets go of Kiyone
         "Hey are you allright?That space pirate didn't do anything
funny?Did he?"asked Mihoshi,Kiyone replied back
         "No No It wasn't anything like that"Then all the sudden an officer
runs into the office
         "Hey you guys somebody finally caught Ping the space pirate"said
the officer
Ping entered into the room with 2 GP officers escorting him,he had the hand
cuffs on him he took a look at Kiyone and then smile,Kiyone smiled back
suddenly Mihoshi jumps on Pings back yanking his hair,and started yelling
         "Hey you!You better not do anything funny with Kiyone and I mean
funny!"
         "Hey Oww knock it off that hurts ow!"said Ping the other officers
finally got Mihoshi off of him then they led him to the cheifs office.
As Ping entered the room he stayed calm and quiet,he looked around and
notices all the medals and trophies that the cheif won earlier,Then the
cheif entered the room and sat down on the chair at his desk.
         "So we finally caught Jawbia Ping The space pirate"said the cheif
and then he walks over to where Ping is standing and  examines Pings baggy
clothing
"What are you?"asked the cheif  who wasn't human, he had a lion head but has
a body that looked like a man it was Ping's first time seein a spiece like
this so he was kinda nervous .
         "Well ?"asked the cheif,
the room stood in total silence untill the cheif broke the silence
         "According to this to your background  report it says here you once
work for the Juria check point as a soilder"said the cheif" in fact you were
named Honorary soilder while the false emperor was in command.But you and
your 3 friends decided to quit after that incident that included a boy and 8
of his freinds,you felt so They thought it was you and your 3 freinds fault
and they decided to fire you and your three freinds."
Ping stood their without saying anything
        "We got nothing on your friends so their out of this."the room goes
into another breif time of silence,at the moment Kiyone runs into the room
panting
        "Sir uh please"said Kiyone but then the cheif replied back replied
back with an order
        "Detective Kiyone your back.Why don't you take your kidnapper to his
cell"
    Kiyone trying to tell him that Ping should set free for rescuing the
Royal family but the cheif would'nt listen,he ordered Kiyone to take Ping to
the cell this again.
        "Allright sir"She saluted and took Ping by the arm and led him to
his cell.


While Kiyone and Ping are heading to his cell Kiyone started to ask Ping
quaestions.
         "Ping what happen to your ship Hagasake?"asked Kiyone escorting
Ping to his cell
         "My ship its gone now.One of those officers cofiscated a disk from
me it has Hagasake's memory system can you please try to get it back?"
         "I'll see what I could do Ping"said Kiyone.
Meanwhile back at the cheif's office the cheif is enjoying his time drinking
tea
         "Well we finally caught him"said the cheif siping on his tea at
that moment a Gp officer runs into the room causing the cheif to spill his
all over him
         "What is it?"yelled the the cheif
The young officer replied back"Sir the noble Grendoble of Juria ahs come to
visit"
         "What is he doing here?"
         "It appears that he wants to thank Ping for saving his life"said
the officer
         "Saving his life?"asked the cheif
At that moment a nicely dress man and women enters into the office
         "Mr.Grendoble sir welcome to our our head quarter yea thats
right"the cheif said nervously
         "Where is Ping"asked Grendoble
Suddenly an explosion appeared at the south side of head quarters
         "What the whats going on"asked the cheif
         "We are under attacked"said the officer
         "From who?"
         "Its Jun Pao and his men"said the officer
Meanwhile back at Pings cell Kiyone is unlocking Pings hand cuffs
          "Whats going on"Ping asked
Kiyone unlocking the gate and then replied"I think were under attack"
They ran through the hall way to the main office where they see hundreds of
Galaxy police members and space pirates fighting for their own life.
          "Hey Kiyone"Mihoshi yelled running from the battle"we gotta get
out of here"
          "You go ahead I got to get Hagasake's memory disk"said Ping
          "Oh no I think I'll stay along side with you"said kiyone but then
Ping pinches a certain part on her Kneck cause her to go to sleep
          "Hey you Miho......Yea thats right Mihoshi.take her to her
ship"said Ping
Mihoshi replied back"I don't think I could carry her"
But then Ping had an idea,he pulled out a rolley chair and puts Kiyone's
sleeping body on it
          "Ok there now take her back to her chair"Ping said
          "Right!"Mihoshi said"Youre just like what Kiyone told me about
you"Then she pulls the chair along with her to the ship
Ping notices a bald man with tatoos over his body,wearing white pants and
red shoes aproaching Grendoble with a knife.So Ping ran over and kicked the
man in the mouth causing  him to get knock him out.
          "Hey you allright"Ping asked helping up the man
          "That is twice you save me"said Grendoble
          "What?When was the first time I save you"asked Ping
At that time the bald man appeared behind Ping,when Ping turned around,the
man grabbed him by the neck and held him up in the air.The man looked at
Ping closely.He smiled and then said
          "Well if isn't Ping the space pirate. How about this Why don't we
make a deal shall we?"

                      TO BE CONTINUE...........

Washu:Hey everybody he he.On our next episode Grendoble's Wife has been
Kidnapped and Ping must save her in order to get his disk and a favor from
Grendoble.The Cheif launches an operation known as operation dragon hunt in
order to help Ping on his mission.Also Ping has 3 friends behind him that
could help him out.Who are these 3 wacky freinds and are they
trustworthy?Coming up is Episode 5 operation Drgon hunt.

Ryoko:Its unquestionably surprising