"Tenchi Saga 1: Where is Tenchi?" 
By: David Boutwell (frogboy@tokyo-3.com)
(c) 2000

	Ryoko sat in a chair across from Tenchi in a small apartment.  Tenchi 
stared at the opposite wall. They had been wed for 8 weeks as of that day, and 
hadn't seen their previous friends for a long time.  Tenchi questioned himself 
many things: Why am I here? How could I have forgotten any of them? Why didn't I 
just stay home and live the life that I always wanted?  These questions, 
however, had no answers at the present time.  Tenchi left the house and walk to 
the train station.  Ryoko appeared puzzled, but asked no questions; she was too 
much into the show on television.  She had no idea that that day would become 
much, much more.  Tenchi boarded the train.  He sat on a wall seat with little 
regard to those around him.  He rested his head in his hands.  Tenchi thought 
about all the fun that he used to have.  What ever happened to all the fun and 
excitement that he used to dislike.  Even though he didn't like the adventures 
he had before, he was longing to be with all the girls and family once again.  
He conjured thoughts that formed tears in his eyes.  A lady stood looking at 
Tenchi's state of despair.
"What is wrong?" she asked.
"Nothing," Tenchi replied sheepishly withholding tears, "nothing at all."
"Dear, eat your food, you don't want to starve do you?" Misaki said.
"I am not feeling to well, mother," Aeka replied, "I ate lunch this morning."
"You know you can eat more than one meal a day," Misaki replied cynically but 
strongly.
"Mother, I need to be in beautiful form for tonight's banquet," Aeka replied 
either ignoring her mother's sarcastic statement or not recognizing it.
"Suit yourself, dear, but you haven't been eating well for 2 months."
"Mother, I am going to my room now."
"Ok, Aeka, see you tonight."
"Goodnight, Mother."  Aeka walks upstairs and into her room.
"Goodnight?" Misaki wonders.
Aeka pulled back the covers on her bed and crawled in.  She waited only seconds 
before falling asleep.
	"First class privates, Mihoshi and Kiyone, ready and willing to fight," 
Kiyone said to her new superior, Taolin.  
"You...  girls," Taolin cleared his throat, "...girls will need to take Yukanojo 
into a battle with a rogue."
"You can count on us, Taolin-chan," Mihoshi said in a chipper tone.
"Y-y-yeah..." Taolin slurred his speech to add sarcasm.
"What did this `rogue` do?" Kiyone asked Taolin.
"He is holding space quadrant Alpha-27 captive," Taolin told them, "I was think 
about sending a different man... person on the job, but if you think that you 
are capable, then by all means."
Kiyone gave a frustrated look, but only Mihoshi saw it and didn't know how to 
interpret it.
"Mihoshi, Mihoshi!" an automated voice bellowed from their left.
"Yes, Yukanojo," Mihoshi responded
"Time to launch," Yukanojo called.  Kiyone and Mihoshi raced through a door to 
the left.
"Good luck, girls," Taolin called.
"Thanks," Mihoshi called back.
"Yeah... thanks," Kiyone responded negatively.
	Small drips of pink liquid patted slowly into a beaker of blue liquid.  
"Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, eighty," Washu said staring at the beaker.  She rose 
up from her levitating satin pillow and quickly pulled the beaker out from under 
a dripping pipette.
"That should do it," Washu announced to herself.  She nodded and brought the 
flask over to a large translucent bowl and poured the purplish contents in.
"Next ingredient," Washu said cheerfully.
"Anti-matertia," She whispered upon exiting an incorporeal door in her room.
 	Ryoko, tired of waiting for Tenchi to return, went to a bathhouse.   She 
slid down into the warm, pleasant waters of the onsen.  Ryoko began wondering 
why Tenchi left.  Three hours had passed and he still wasn't back.  
"We haven't ever really done anything to make us worthy of being a couple," 
Ryoko thought, "Tenchi and I were much closer when we weren't married."
Ryoko started assessing all her mixed feelings.  It made tears well up in her 
face.  Another girl walked into the onsen with Ryoko.  She saw Ryoko's eyes 
glistening with tears and decided to slide into the waters with Ryoko.
"Hello," the girl said to Ryoko.
"Oh, hello," Ryoko emoted with a hesitation.
"What is your name?" the girl inquired.
"Masaki Ryoko, and you?" Ryoko regained enough composure to carry on a 
conversation.
"Dekai Akira," she replied shyly, "Is there something wrong?"
"Nothing you can help me with, Akira," Ryoko replied.
"I'm sorry I can't help, Ryoko, I wish there was something I could do," Akira 
empathized.
"Actually, it'd be nice enough of you just to stay and talk with me," Ryoko 
murmured.
"I'd be glad to," Akira said.  Ryoko generated a flask of sake from within a 
towel that she had taken with her.  She presented two sloped saucers and pour 
sake into her own.  She downed the sake as if it were water.  She handed a 
saucer and the flask to Akira.
"May I?" Akira questioned.
"Of course," Ryoko responded.  Akira poured herself a very small amount of sake 
and drank it slower than it poured at a five degree angle.  After drinking two 
ounces she closed her eyes and slid further into the bubbling waters.
"Hmm," Ryoko thought, "she's a live one."
Ryoko squeezed a thick secretion from a marked bottle aside the bath.  Akira 
took another sip of sake.  Ryoko coated herself with the soap and sank deeper 
within the pool.  Ryoko arose from the pool. Akira blushed as Ryoko left.
"Maybe we'll meet again some time," Ryoko called to Akira while wrapping herself 
in her towel.
"Maybe," Akira said looking disappointed.  Ryoko left her sake and the saucers 
at the onsen.
	Aeka awakened from her slumber.  She got out of bed and walked to the door 
affront her room in her undergarments.
"Tenchi," she called, "Tenchi, come here, we are to be present at the banquet 
soon," Tenchi entered the room.
"I can't go to the banquet with you, Aeka," Tenchi told her, "I love Ryoko, we 
weren't meant to be, Aeka."
"I don't want to hear your disobedience," Aeka calmly told him, "You must come 
with me."
"I can't, Ryoko won't let me," Tenchi replied.
"Oh, you are still letting that demon lead your life," Aeka cringed, "you need 
to be properly educated, Tenchi; this is no way for my escort to behave."
"Aeka, I am not trying to be mean, it just is not good for a married person to 
go out on a date with another woman," Tenchi explained.
"It is also not good for a member of the Jurai royal family to associate with a 
demon," Aeka raised her voice, "you must be punished!"
Aeka slid a box out from underneath her bed.  She lifted the shiny, leather lid 
off of the box and reached into it.  She slowly grasped the black, plastic 
handle of a 7-foot bullwhip.  She pulled it out of the box and kicked the box 
back under the bed.
"Aeka, no," Tenchi yelled.  Aeka swung the whip a few times to get it into 
motion and began twirling it involuntarily, while staring at Tenchi.  Sasami, 
upon hearing Tenchi's cry, scurried up the stairs and into Aeka's room.  Sasami 
flung the door open.
"Aeka, stop, what are you doing," Sasami screamed shrilly.
"Sasami, I order you, go into the corner and cover your face!" Aeka demanded.
"But, Aeka... " Sasami began.
"Sasami, now!" Aeka interrupted.  Sasami ran into the reverse corner of the 
room.
"Aeka, please, don't do this, Aeka," Tenchi pleaded.
"Princess Aeka, call me *Princess* Aeka," Aeka swung her whip and it collided 
with Tenchi's upper thigh. 
"Aaaah," Tenchi shrieked, "Yes, Princess Aeka, I'll go with you to the banquet!"
Aeka hits Tenchi with the whip again, "It is too late for apologies, now, you 
must learn your lesson!"
Sasami cries loudly and begins pleading so wildly that it is inaudible.
"Sasami, I told you not to look at us," Aeka yells.
"I could still hear him, screaming... screaming... screaming..." Sasami shouts 
wildly repeating the last word several times.
"Sasami, do not be insubordinate," Aeka yelled while smacking her with the whip.  
Sasami cried loudly in pain and continued incessantly.
"Stop Aeka, hurt me, but do not hurt Sasami!" Tenchi shouted.
"I do what I want... and that's *Princess* Aeka," Aeka shouted as she whipped 
Tenchi again.
"Hold it right there, Aeka," Ryoko bellowed upon entering Aeka's room.  Aeka 
dropped the whip and started crying.
"I didn't do anything, I am a Jurai prin..." Aeka stopped before finishing these 
words, "I am sorry, I wasn't trying to harm anyone."
Sasami fled the room crying and Tenchi clenched Ryoko's hand.
"This will look very interesting in Jurai news, Lady Aeka," Ryoko taunted 
snapping a few pictures of the situation.
"Please, don't, I beg of you, please don't show anyone, I am sorry, so sorry," 
Aeka pleaded and begged while on her knees crying looking up at Ryoko 
surmounting her.
"You know what, Aeka," Ryoko began, "I am ashamed of you, you represent Planet 
Jurai."
"Nothing happened, please God, nothing happened, I did nothing," Aeka shouted.
"Who are you trying to fool, Aeka," Ryoko said rhetorically.
"I am sorry, forgive me, please," Aeka curled into a fetal position on the 
floor.
"You have hurt everyone so greatly, now you must feel true pain," Ryoko shouted 
as Tenchi fled from the room.  Ryoko gathered energy from the air into a large 
sphere.  Aeka simply stared at Ryoko and cried profusely.  Ryoko clenched the 
energy orb and it formed a long orange beam of energy.
Ryoko struck down into Aeka with the beam.  Aeka felt no pain, merely warmth.  
Blood poured from Aeka's stomach, but she felt nothing.  Ryoko bent down and 
kissed Aeka before Aeka's vision blurred to darkness.
"Aaaah," Aeka shouted as she sprung from her bed, "It was only a dream."
 	"Scanners show no sign of an enemy," Yukanojo announced while dwindling 
down from the ceiling.
"Why is that?" Mihoshi asked.
"Because there are no enemies on screen," Yukanojo responded.
"Is that good?" Mihoshi asked.
"No, we must find the enemy, Mihoshi," Yukanojo replied.
"Hey, Kiyone, how do we locate the enemy?" Mihoshi asked.
"Check the scanners, Mihoshi," Kiyone called from the back.
"Yukanojo, are there any enemies on the scanner?" Mihoshi inquired.
"Scanners show no sign of an enemy," Yukanojo answered angrily.  Immediately, 
the ship shook violently.  Yukanojo swung around several times.  An electronic 
game fell from Kiyone's hands and papers flew out of piles and folders.
"What was that, Yukanojo!" Kiyone called remaining casual.
"Scanners show an enemy at flank," Yukanojo yelled in a frightened form of his 
seemingly emotionless voice.
"Return fire!" Kiyone commanded.  Yukanojo produced a long round pillar on its 
flank side and blasted a strong shot into the previously invisible foe.
"Aww, dammit," the rogue replied, "Now I'm going to have to break out the big 
guns."
The rogue charged up a large hemispherical laser cannon.  It glowed blue and 
then began sending pulses of light out into space.
"It's a class B, xenon emitting blaster," Kiyone called out.
"That's bad," Mihoshi stated.
"Apply retro-boosters, Yukanojo, we'll ram his ship," Kiyone yelled quickly.
"But, Kiyone..." Yukanojo began.
"Don't argue, just do it, quick!" Kiyone shouted.  The retro-boosters turned on 
quickly.  Yukanojo clenched his optical receptors shut.  Yukanojo smashed into 
the rogue's ship.  The discharge of energy from the enemy blaster shorted out 
both ships' drive systems, and the ships floated idly through the void entwined 
in a mass of metal.  Electricity shot through Yukanojo's interior. Both ships 
were locked in a death grip.
"Oh my gosh, we're gonna die aren't we," Mihoshi sobbed.
"No, of course not," Kiyone responded.
"Damn fools, ya' busted my rental," the rogue said over a radio, "the name's 
Frank Phillips."
"Hey, Frank," Mihoshi announces back, "why are you being so mean?"
"Money," Frank answered.
"What else?" Kiyone asked rhetorically.
"So, what do we do know?" Yukanojo asked the pilots.
"We wait," Kiyone answered, "just wait..."
"Can you guys play radio chess?" Frank asked.
	Footsteps clapped quietly on a marble floor.  It was the dead of night.  A 
doorknob turned slowly before creaking open.  Washu crept through. 
"BUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ," an alarm clattered noisily.  Washu got an angry face.  
She heard the sound of boots on a marble floor.  Two armed men open the door.  
Washu was nowhere to be found. The men searched a while before leaving and 
deactivating the alarm.  Washu rose from within the floor and changed back to 
materiality.  She stepped silently over to a large containment sphere.
"What a bunch of thieves," Washu whispered to herself.  She pulled two leather 
gloves over her hands and grabbed the 2-foot diameter orb filled with what 
seemed to be ordinary air.  She slowly pulled it away from its stand and managed 
to put it under her armpit.  She exited the room and it triggered the alarm 
again.  The two guards ran out into the hall and saw Washu.
"Halt, where you are," one guard announced while both wielded their guns.  Washu 
slowly placed the capsule on the floor and raised her hands.  One of the guards 
presented a taser gun and launched the prongs at Washu.  The clips attached 
themselves to the front of Washu's neck cleft and to her upper abdomen.
"Ow! Damn you!" she cried as she fell to the floor.  The guard zapped Washu 
three times with the taser.
" I surrender, I said I surrendered!" Washu shouted.  The guards shocked her 
four more times.
"What are you doing, I surrendered, please, I already surrendered, stop!" Washu 
cried and pleaded in a curled position on the floor.
"Ha!" the guard emitted plainly as a blatant disregard for her well being.
"What are you doing? I will inform the Galactic Police unless you stop!" Washu 
threatened weakly.  The guard shocked her five more times before she passed out.
	Ryoko showed up at a police station in Tokyo.  She walked up to a man at 
the desk and stared down into his face.
"Where is Tenchi?" she yelled hysterically.
"Excuse me, ma'am, but if you don't have anything intelligent to say, I suggest 
you leave now," the policeman said.
"Listen to me, there is someone missing," Ryoko yelled, " His name is Masaki 
Tenchi."
"So, what do you want to do, file for abandonment?" the policeman asked with a 
hint of sarcasm but truth.
"Not yet, not yet," Ryoko said.
"Well, I can't do much to help," the policeman replied.
"Please, I'll do anything if you find him, please, I love him so much."
"Tell you what, you look like a nice girl, so I'll do it," he admitted defeat to 
Ryoko's persuasion, "I'll check all the hotel listings, train fares and if 
something comes up I'll report it... but if was trying to get away, he'd be gone 
by now."
"Thank you, anyway, sir," Ryoko said nervously.
"You're welcome."
Ryoko left the police station and hailed a cab.  A few taxis ignored her, but 
one stopped for her.  She crawled onto the satiny couch in the back of the taxi.
"Where to Ms.?" the driver asked.
"An expensive restaurant near the gardens," Ryoko told him.  The driver started 
up the vehicle and began driving.  After driving for six minutes, Ryoko saw 
Akira on the side of the street.
"Pick her up," Ryoko told the driver.
"Yes, ma'am," the driver said as he turned to the side of the road and opened 
the door for the girl.
"Get in, Akira," Ryoko said.
"Thank you, so much," Akira said after leaving the rainy outdoors to board the 
taxi.
"I'll pay the fare," Ryoko told her.
"I can't let you do that," Akira said.
"C'mon, tonight's on me, let's go get lunch, ok?" Ryoko said.
"Ok, but I feel like I'm taking advantage of you," Akira said respectfully.
"I don't mind being taken advantage of," Ryoko replied.
	Aeka entered through a door in front of a ballroom.  Although people were 
consumed by their own dancing, they paused to look over at Aeka.  Many people 
waved at Aeka and bowed as she entered.  A pair of adolescent boys walked over 
to her.
"Hello, Princess, fashionably late again, I see," the boys taunted.
"I don't wish to talk to childish brats like you two," Aeka stated plainly.
"Then why don't you leave and hang around near the punch bowl, for awhile," the 
boys said defiantly.
"I am the Princess, I order you to go away from me," Aeka ordered tensely.
"Until your speech, you are merely Aeka, not Princess Aeka," a boy replied.
"You shall call me Princess Aeka or I will punish you..." Aeka blushed.  She 
left the boys alone and walked to the table with refreshments on it.  The boys 
laughed heartily.  Aeka looked up at a clock. It was eight o'clock and she had 
an hour to prepare for her inauguration.  She read over the script and 
guidelines and found something in it that she didn't expect.
	"`Q1-36`... and that makes it... checkmate," Mihoshi announced over her 
radio.
"Damn, got me again, Mihoshi," Frank replied, " 'nother game?"
"I can't believe I beat you again," Mihoshi said, "Let's play again."
"You start, Mihoshi," Frank said.
"Ok, you two, you've been playing for 2 hours," Kiyone said, "Free up the line, 
Taolin might try to contact us."
"After this game," Mihoshi replied.
"Status report, Yukanojo," Kiyone commanded.
"The front access screen will be in minimum operating conditions, soon," 
Yukanojo reported.
"Good, we need to make visual reconnaissance," Kiyone told herself.
"Hey, Mihoshi," Kiyone said upon looking at the chess board, "Move the rook to 
space 57."
"I don't know, Kiyone," Mihoshi replied.
"Just try it," Kiyone said exasperated.
"`R2-57`" Mihoshi said.
"`B1-34` and that's checkmate, Mihoshi," Frank responded, "First time I beat 
you."
"We have visual," the chipper voice of Yukanojo called.  Kiyone looked over at 
the monitor and saw Mars.  The ships had picked up speed and were now being 
slingshot by Mars's gravity.  The objects began to heat up and get even faster, 
and were thrown directly toward the Earth.
"Shit!" Yukanojo shouted.
"Now, now, no need for derogatory language," Kiyone said, "we still have two 
weeks to react before we enter Earth's atmosphere."
"No, that's not it, the core is overheating," Yukanojo explained, "it'll 
jettison us into the Earth when it erupts, that gives us two hours to react and 
then three more before we hit the Earth."
"Shit!" Kiyone yelled.
	Washu awakened on a cold, metal table.  She was surrounded by medical 
equipment, a lot of which she had seen before.  She looked down at herself.  She 
was naked on the table and had tags taped to her sides, legs and left breast.  
She saw to deep holes with charred blood on her where the taser clamps had 
grasped her.  
"What is your name, woman?" a man with a medical mask asked.
"Woman? My name most certainly is not, `woman` unless your name is `boy`," Washu 
respond impudently.
"Funny," the man said in a portentous voice, "Tell me or you'll have a chest 
full of strychnine."
"Washu, under government known as Henai Washu," Washu responded.
"Just call me Kai," the man said.
"Just call me Washu-chan," Washu replied.
	Aeka ran over to Misaki.
"Mother, mother, I have read the inaugural pages," Aeka shouted, "I have found 
an error."
"Where, Aeka?" Misaki asked.
"Here, it says you must have a prince to enter the kingdom with."
"Aeka, that isn't an error, besides we have the perfect fiancee set up for you."
"No! Mother, I refuse to marry someone against my will."
"It is too late, your fate has already been decided."
Aeka thought about her mother's choice of words.
"I hate you!" Aeka screamed shattering the attention of the other occupants.  
Aeka runs out of the ball and into the street.
"Ryu-oh, now!" Aeka shouted.  Ryu-oh flew down to Aeka.  Misaki ran after Aeka, 
but to no avail for the ship had already taken off.
"Azaka, Kamidake, come now!" she yelled.  Azaka and Kamidake flew off with Aeka 
and exited the atmosphere.  Aeka had planned her exit for weeks, but this seemed 
like the best time to execute it.  She still felt remorse for her mother and 
sister.
"Ryu-oh, Mark 55," Aeka whispered.  The ship sped toward the Earth.  No one 
would look for her there and it was the best place to live next to Jurai.
"I don't want to be Princess.  I want to be like everyone else.  People expect 
too much from me.  Why can't things be like they were? Why? ...Why?" Aeka's mind 
was overrun with mixed emotions.  She couldn't return.  She knew that.  She 
couldn't escape her life no matter where she went.  She was trapped as a 
princess.  She wanted to be free again.
	Akira was seated across from Ryoko at a fancy dinner table.  The room was 
decorated with splendid images.  The center of their table had a heated plate.
"Thank you so very much for dinner Ryoko," Akira said.
"You're welcome, it was the least I could do," Ryoko replied.
"The least you could do, I'm not half as depressed as you seem to be," Akira 
added.
"Well, I think I'll find him," Ryoko told her.
"You've lost a friend, how horrible," Akira said.
"My husband."
"I 'm so sorry, I'd pay for dinner, but I haven't any money."
"That's fine, I don't need anyone's sympathy, I just need to try to forget about 
it."
"I want to help though."
"Just shut up about it!" Ryoko shouted.  They waited in silence for a few 
minutes before Ryoko asked for the check, and they both left.
	"Oh my God, oh my God..." Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Frank yelled various 
remarks of fear.
"Nothing can prevent a collision with Earth," Yukanojo told them.
"Thanks for reminding me, Yukanojo," Kiyone shouted.
"Brace for impact!" Yukanojo instructed.  Mihoshi grabbed Kiyone around the 
ankles and squeezed tightly with fear.
"Stop, Mihoshi, conduct yourself!" Kiyone yelled.
"Shit, I haven't had a fulfilling life," Frank cried out.
"Oh," Mihoshi began, "well that sucks."
"This is Taolin, where are you, girls?" the radio voiced.
"We are about to crash into the Earth," Kiyone cried.
"That's what I thought..." Taolin said, "I should've sent better men on the 
job."
Yukanojo sped into the Earth's atmosphere and got set aflame.  The fiery heap of 
ships spiked straight downward into the ocean and made a calamitous impact.
	Washu and Kai walked out into the hall and picked up the glass sphere.  
Washu is still at a loss of clothing.  Kai gives Washu his medical coat to wear; 
that was enough to keep her at least partially dressed for the time being.
"Well, Washu-chan, where do you want this orb?" Kai asked.
"My secret sub-dimensional lab," Washu responded, "I would like you to stay with 
me."
"Why?" Kai asked.
"I need a few samples..."
	"Ryu-oh, slow down, we are at the Earth," Aeka called.
"Let's land in Hokkaido, it is a peaceful forest isle," Aeka said.  Ryu-oh 
slowed down and landed on the island in the center of the forest.
	"Welcome to today's news," a television announcer said on Ryoko's TV, "a 
space ship crash landed in the ocean at 9:30 p.m., it was later retrieved by 
Japan rescue squad, but due to the nature of the current Earth/Jurai war, the 
inhabitants are unknown and were released into the city."  "A hostage fled the 
scene of the Bay Science Lab with the help of one of the employees, this hostage 
is believed to be a scientist with bad intentions and will be apprehended when 
found."  "A Juraian ship is speculated to have landed in the forests of 
Hokkaido, more on this tomorrow..." Ryoko turns off the TV.
"Juraian huh?" Ryoko wonders.


		(To Be  Continued)


(Disclaimer:  All characters from the Tenchi Muyo series and movies are 
copyrighted to their respective companies, if not Pioneer (tm) then whomever 
they belong to.  The plot, new characters, etc. that are new and/or different 
than usual belong to me, David Boutwell.  It would be unlawful and pretty mean 
if you were to steal any of this story and claim it as your own.  I would like 
to hear the comments of anyone reading this story.  I probably won't make more 
until I find my potential readers.  I would also like your input on how to make 
the next episodes of the series.  I hope you enjoyed it.  If you think it 
sucked, then yell at me via my e-mail address, frogboy@tokyo-3.com.  Be prepared 
for many continuations of this series.  Thank you for taking time to read this.)
