HLok
hlok@hotmail.com
TENCHI MUYO IN LIFE PART I


For the first part it about a new character name Commander Henrii Lok is 
sent to earth for a vacation not knowing his real mission which is to marry 
Mihoshi to take over the GP when Mihoshi's grandfather if he passes away.  
He meets Tenchi and the gang.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DISCALMER:  I do not own all the characters like Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, and so on in this fanfic, or anything that is own by AIC and 
Pioneer.  Well except for Commander Henrii Lok.  I do not want a lawsuit 
because I just can’t afford to pay that much money. If anyone wants to use 
Commander Henrii Lok please e-mail me.

Intro to New Character: Commander Henrii Lok
Retrieving data from Washu’s computer……………………………. Complete.
Stats:  SEX: MALE
	PHYSICAL AGE: 17
	BLOOD: A+
	BIRTHDAY: JUNE 22
	HEIGHT: 183 CM
	COLOR EYES: DARK BROWN
	COLOR HAIR: DARK BROWN
	SUPERPOWER (S): YES
	NUMBERS OF SPERM: UNKNOWN
	LIKES: SCIENCE, BLOWING THINGS UP, LIFE, and SMART WOMEN like me (hehe)
	DISLIKES: DUMB PEOPLE, BLOND GIRLS, and ANY DRUGS
PERSONLITY: KIND, CAN BE MEAN, LOVEABLE, HIGH MORALS, HAPPY, RESPECT TO 
ANYONE
WEAKNESS: GIRLS; BECOMES CARELESS

TENCHI MUYO IN LIFE
It's a beautiful morning in the Masaki home.  Tenchi woke up from his bed 
and felt something wrong.  He looked all over his room and found out Ryoko 
wasn’t there to wake him up.  Wow he thought Ryoko has finally learned to 
leave me in peace.  As Tenchi got out of bed and got dress he opened the 
door and all of a sudden Ryoko jumped onto Tenchi.
“Oh Tenchi I’m so sorry I didn’t wake you up today!”
“Errrrr that’s ok Ryoko.”
“I must woke up to late because I had this wonderful dream about you and me 
and we were doing something…special,” Ryoko saying with and flirty smile.
“Errrrrr ummm.” Tenchi said with a big sweat rolling down from his head.
“Get off of Lord Tenchi you sickening monster!” Ayeka cried.
“I see the that Miss. Biotch is awake,” said Ryoko.
“Who are you calling a…a bi.. you distasteful devil monster!” said Ayeka and 
little wooden blocks surround Ryoko.
“Why don’t you guys just settle it outside?” said Tenchi in a calm voice.
“NO!” Both of the battle ready girls said to Tenchi and a huge explosion 
blew up the side of the house.
“Why me?” said Tenchi

NO NEED FOR A COMMANDER
Up in the GP Headquarters deep inside the Headquarters was the Head of the 
GP (Mihoshi’s Grandfather) was reading a manga.  All of a sudden the doors 
flung open and a man in a shiny blue, gold, black and red armor walked up to 
the Head of the GP.
“Excuse me Commissioner but I finished my mission, Sir! I would like to get 
another assignment, Sir!” said the man.
Shocked, Mihoshi’s grandfather hid the manga from view.
“Well, well, well its Commander Lok of the Elite GP.  So you finished your 
assignment already, “ said the Commissioner.
“Yes sir, I have completed all the objective of my missions, sir!” said 
Commander Lok.
“I receive many complaints about you from our elite group.  You are not 
letting them have a chance to do anything.  They rot on in their quarters 
all day, “ said the Commissioner.
“Sorry sir!  I feel I can do it by myself, Sir!” said Commander Lok.
“You know what you need a long break from fighting a lot of crime,” said the 
Commissioner.  Mihoshi’s grandfather sat there thinking where can Commander 
Lok go.  All of a sudden he got a great idea and should send Commander Lok 
to the backwash planet, earth.  Since Mihoshi is there they might fall in 
love and Commander Lok can take over when he is long gone.
“Are you there sir?”  Said Commander Lok.
“Yes I’m still here, I have a great idea where you can take your break on 
the planet earth.  Where we found you.  Also watch my little Mihoshi ok.  
Don’t you think it’s a great idea.”
“Errr yes sir it’s a great idea, Sir!”  Said Commander Lok
“You can find my granddaughter there on the planet earth, and here is a 
picture of her.”
Commander Lok stared in disgust at the picture because he had seen her 
before and knew that she is a walking curse.  He also hated blond girls it’s 
just made him sick.
“I want you to pack up and leave headquarters for your vacation to the 
planet earth and you can live with Mihoshi if you want to.” With a smile on 
the Commissioner face.
“I understand, sir..” said Commander Lok as he exited the office.
“Excellent,” said Mihoshi’s grandfather thought soon enough they would get 
married and I might be a great grandfather.  He picks up his manga and 
continues to read it.
Back to the Masaki house Sasami was cooking in the kitchen and Washu came up 
to her and to see what was she doing.
“Hello Sasami,” said Washu.
“Hi there,” said Sasami happy tone.
“Are you cooking up a storm Sasami?”
“No just carrots for Ryo-Ohki.”
“Miya, Miya!” cried Ryo-Ohki.
“Ok Ryo-Ohki it will done soon,” giggled Sasami.
Washu sighed and left to see where did everybody go.  She went into the 
living room and saw Mihoshi watching her favorite TV show.  She also knew 
that Nobyuki was out working on a project and Yosho was probably in the 
shine.  Washu went outside and found Ayeka and Ryoko fighting as usual for 
Tenchi’s love.  She thought to herself that she is very lonely and she knows 
that she couldn’t flirt with Tenchi because Ryoko would be so mad at her.  
She went to the living room to watch TV with Mihoshi and later Ayeka and 
Ryoko joined them.  In the afternoon Tenchi was at the Osen resting from the 
hard labor of farming.  All of a sudden he heard a loud boom.  He thought to 
himself it might be Ayeka and Ryoko again.

NO NEED FOR CRUSHES
At the crash site where Commander Lok’s aircraft was he started at his 
computer angrily and said
“This ever happened to me before!”
“Oh well it was your fault that you judged it incorrectly Commander.” Said 
his computer.  Commander Lok pushed some buttons on his watch and got into 
his armor.  He got out of his ship and started to find where Mihoshi lives.  
As he walked though the woods he thought to himself that he was once born 
here and later was taken away from earth to train as an Elite GP Commander.  
He reached at a house that had strong patterns that Mihoshi was there.  He 
knocked on the door.
“Who is it,” said Sasami in a curious voice.
“I’m looking for the owner of this house.” Said the Commander.
“Hold one second please.” Said Sasami as she raced to find Tenchi.  She 
found Tenchi outside of his room drying his hair.
“Tenchi, there is someone at the door looking for you” said Sasami.
“Ok Sasami,” said Tenchi as he walked to the door and opened it.
Tenchi mouth dropped when he saw a man about a bit taller than him in a 
shiny red, gold, black, and blue armor.
“I’m Commander Lok of the Elite Force of the GP and who are you?”
“I’mmmm Tenchi Masaki.”
“Hello Kimchi,” said Commander Lok
“No it’s Tenchi.”
“Oh ok, Tenchi. Do you mind if I take off my helmet?”
“No problem Commander,” said Tenchi
“Don’t call me Commander call me Henrii, I’m on vacation right now.”  As 
Henrii took off his helmet and his dark hair moved like the wind.  Henrii 
looked inside and saw four girls watching TV and saw Mihoshi.  Henrii sighed 
and thought to himself that he all the hard work he had done he came here to 
baby-sit Mihoshi and said to Tenchi
“Do you mind if I come in Tenchi?” asked Henrii
“Sure come in,” with a smile on his face.
As Henrii enters the living room none of the girls did not know he was there 
because their eyes were stuck onto the TV.  And Sasami entered the living 
room to tell everyone that dinner was ready but before she could say that 
dinner is ready she saw Henrii and thought that she had another crush on 
someone.  Henrii turned his head and smiled at Sasami, which made Sasami 
blushed into an apple red.
“Dinner is ready,” said Sasami in a quite voice.
“That’s nice Sasami right after this show,” said Ayeka with her eyes still 
glued to the TV.
“Hello there,” said Henrii
“Umm… what is your name?”  said Sasami in a quite voice with her face 
blushed.
“My name is Commander Henrii Lok of the Elite Force of the GP and what’s 
your name you pretty little girl?” said Henrii in a calm voice.
“My name is is is is oh yeah Sasami and those girls over there is Ayeka the 
purple long hair who is my sister, Washu the greatest scientist in the 
galaxy with the red hair, Ryoko with blue and greenish hair and Mihoshi with 
the blond hair,” said Sasami
“Hi,” said the girls watching TV.
“Who is the greatest scientist here, Sasami,” said Henrii.
“That would be Washu the one over there with the red hair.”
“Oh ok she doesn’t seem to be the greatest scientist in the galaxy.”
Washu heard that and run up right into Henrii and looked up right into 
Henrii face.
“What did you say!” cried out Washu.
“I said that you don’t look like the greatest scientist in the galaxy,” 
replied Henrii.
“Why is that huh, are just hiding your feelings because I’m cute,” replied 
Washu.
“No, because you are a little girl.  I have read many books from the Great 
Washu and seen her pictures and you look too young than what I saw.”
“Oh yeah well..”  Washu changes into her adult form.
“Err umm err heee umm hmm ahh?” said Henrii
Washu’s placed her hand on his cheeks and said
“No need to talk gibberish,” said Washu moving closer.
“Oh ok Mrs. Washu,” just after he said that a loud slap echoed in the room.
Washu changes back to her 12-year-old form said to Henrii.
“Never ever call me Mrs. Washu or anything like that just call me Little 
Washu or else!” screamed Washu.
“Ouch that hurt,” Henrii replied. Tenchi came up to Henrii and said
“So Henrii why are you here?”
“Well Tenchi I was given orders to watch Mihoshi and stay here.”
“Ok then but we don’t have any more rooms in this house.  Wait I have idea 
you can use the guest futon to sleep on.  You can sleep in my room.”
“That’s nice.”
“Why don’t you join us for dinner.’
“Ok,” said Henrii
Everybody sat down at the table.  Tenchi sat between Ayeka and Ryoko as 
usual.  Yosho arrived and sat at the head of the table.  Henrii sat between 
Sasami and Washu and Mihoshi sat at the end of the table.
“So you are our newest guest to our house,” said Yosho.
“Yes my name is Commander Henrii Lok of the Elite Forces of the GP but you 
can call me Henrii, sir”
“I know you I seen you around in headquarters before,” said Mihoshi happily.
“I have seen you around too and heard many "interesting stories" about your 
missions,” replied Henrii.
“So Henrii why don’t you tell us how you became a Elite Force for the GP,” 
said Yosho
“Ok where do I begin.  Well first I’m 17 years old and single.  I don’t know 
my past exactly but I just remember what they told me when I asked them long 
time ago.  Mihoshi’s grandfather needed a group of people that would win 
wars and battles against super villains in the galaxy.  He chose the top 
creature or person to join in the group.   I was told that I was born here 
on earth but I have no idea where.  I was taken away from my family when I 
was about one to start my training.  I became the top student and right now 
I rank 2000 of the best scientist in the galaxy.  I made many of my 
classmates jealous because I better then them.   My first mission when I was 
to arrest Kagto but that failed because he was able to trick me into a trap. 
  I able to escape but lost some of my teammates.  After a few years I was 
reached the top and almost near to Mihoshi’s grandfather rank,” said Henrii 
in a quick way.
“I’m 17 too,” said Tenchi.
“Hey that’s very interesting,” replied Henrii
“Oh, how is my grandfather doing, Henrii!” asked Mihoshi.
“Well the last time I saw I’m he was reading a manga but he is doing good.”
“So you are an elite force of the GP?” asked Ayeka
“Correct Princess Ayeka,” said Henrii
“I never heard of the Elite Force of the GP and how come I wasn’t informed 
about it.. Wait a second how do you know I’m a Princess!” cried Ayeka
“Well I can read people’s minds if I wanted to and I know that you are a 
princess because you are on this Juri bill,” said Henrii. As he punch some 
buttons on his watch, and his whole armor disappear and Henrii was in his 
white T-shirt and a blue shiny shorts.  He reached into his pocket and 
pulled out a Juri bill.
“Here you go Tenchi look at Ayeka’s picture on this Juri bill,” said Henrii
Ryoko look over Tenchi’s shoulder and laugh like a mad man.  Ayeka started 
to get upset and started to turn red as lava.
“Ah ha ha ha ha you look like a frog that was been beaten by a stick!” Ryoko 
laughing,
“Why you flat monster you dare laugh at me!” Ayeka with a vein popping out 
of her forehead.
“Who are you calling flat you paved road!” replied Ryoko,
“How dare you!” said Ayeka
“There they go again,” everybody said except Henrii.
As another wall was blown off from their battle.  Everybody was on their 
backs except for Yosho who took a slip of tea and got up and left for the 
shine.  Henrii opened his eyes felt something soft on his hand.  He turned 
around and saw that his right hand was on Washu’s chest.  Washu stared at 
him with her green eyes angrily.  Henrii immediately got up and said
“I’m so sorry Little Washu, so sorry,”
“Would you quit squeezing me,” Washu replied.
“Oh yes sorry I’m very sorry.  It won’t happen again I promise,” said Henrii 
blushed from that comment.
“Look what you did Ryoko you hurt Tenchi!” cried Ayeka as she ran to aid 
Tenchi.
“I wasn’t the person who summoned those little toothpicks,” replied Ryoko.
Henrii got up and helps Sasami and Mihoshi up and said to Sasami
“Your sister Ayeka is in love with Tenchi, right?”
“Yeah did you read her mind or something Henrii?”
“No just the way she acts around Tenchi.”
Tenchi got up and looked around the house the damage that the girls made.
“Just great, another wall the repair,” said Tenchi.
“Are you ok Lord Tenchi?” asked Ayeka.
“I’m fine Ayeka, is Ryoko ok too,” said Tenchi.
“I’m ok Tenchi dear,” as Ryoko pushed away Ayeka, grab Tenchi’s arm and 
smiled at him.
“Hey what do you think you are doing you hard-featured demon,” cried out 
Ayeka.

NO NEED FOR SUPERPOWERS
All of a sudden they disappeared.  Everybody looked around to see what 
happened and saw that Henrii was in full armor and his fingers where 
pointing to the place where Ayeka and Ryoko were.  Tenchi came up to him and 
said.
“What did do to them Henrii!”  Said Tenchi.  Henrii places his hand down and 
punched some buttons on his watch and his armor was removed from him.
“Well Tenchi, I moved them outside to fight,” replied Henrii.
All of a sudden a big splash was heard and everyone went to see what 
happened.  Sasami opened the door and everybody saw Ayeka and Ryoko in the 
lake.
“How did you do that Henrii?” asked Sasami.
“Well it’s my battle armor it has special powers.  When I’m in my battle 
armor I can fly, teleport or teleport objects, go through walls, and cloak.”
“What is cloak? Henrii,” asked Sasami.
“Well Sasami I can disappear and you won’t able to see me but I will still 
be there.”
“Oh hehehe,” smiled Sasami.
“Hey Henrii you have superpowers?” said Mihoshi.
“Only four superpower.  One is my ability to make people talk whatever I 
say, I can read people’s minds if I wanted to, move objects, and my 
intelligence,” said Henrii as he turned to Washu and found out that she was 
giving him the cold shoulder.
“Oh but what’s with teleportation and flying?” Tenchi said.
“That’s my improvement on my battle armor.  I already told this to Sasami.  
That’s why so many of my teammates are jealous of me.” Answered Henrii.
As Ayeka and Ryoko got out of the lake and they stared at each other with 
anger.
“Look what you did Ryoko you got me all wet!” screamed Ayeka.
“It wasn’t me, honest!”  replied Ryoko.
“You are lying to me you monster!” said Ayeka
“Just shut up you up tight princess!’ answered Ryoko
“You are so lame!” said Ayeka
“I’m not as lame as you are!” said Ryoko
“Oh yeah!” said Ayeka
“Yeah!” Ryoko.  They both grab their wet shoulders and started to wrestle 
and both of them fell into the lake.  Everybody had a big sweat coming from 
their heads.
“Oh dear, they fell in the water again,” said Mihoshi.
“Follow me Henrii I will show you where will you sleep tonight,” said Tenchi
Tenchi and Henrii went back inside and Mihoshi, Washu, and Sasami was 
watching Ayeka and Ryoko wrestling in the lake.
“Oh no,” said Washu as she covered Sasmi’s eyes.
“I think we should get them out before they get cold,” said Mihoshi.
Tenchi and Henrii were in Tenchi’s room.  Tenchi saw him all his CDs, movies 
tapes, and mangas he owned.
“You seem to be a regular teenaged boy on earth,” said Henrii
“No not actually because a regular teenaged boy because I’m the heir to Juri 
throne.”
“You sounded sad, why is that.” As Henrii was browsing though the mangas
“I like it here.  I don’t want that many responsibility as the King of 
Juri.”
“Oh, you seem to have fun like real fun.  Like playing games or talking to 
Ayeka or Ryoko.  Most of my time I spent my 17 years creating something in a 
lab or blowing something up.”
“Henrii you will sleep on the floor tonight ok.”
“Its fine with me.”
“I will get the guest futon,” just as Tenchi was to open his door Mihoshi 
and Sasami was holding the guest futon.
“Thank you Mihoshi and Sasami you saved a lot of time for me.”
“Here you go,” both of them said just before Tenchi took the futon and 
closed the door.
Tenchi unfolded the futon and placed it on the floor.
“Here you go Henrii,” said Tenchi
“Boy I’m tired I’m going to bed early,” yawned Henrii.
“Same here too, boy what a day huh Henrii” said Tenchi.
“Yep,” said Henrii
Henrii jumps into the futon and feel asleep.  Tenchi went to up to his wall 
and closed the lights and jumped into his bed and covered himself with his 
blanket.

End of Part I

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
My first fanfic.  Hope you guys who read it like it, there are more to come. 
Any comments, questions, or corrections please sent an e-mail to 
hlok@hotmail.com thank you.