                                Tenchi's Love

Setting: Before Ayeka gets there.



Tenchi wiped the sweat off his forehead while looking up from his work. Most
of these carrots are for Ryo-oki. Nobody else ever eats them, he thought to
himself. He continued gathering the carrots and felt a cool breese. He
turned to his left, nothing. His right, nothing. "Probably just the wind",
he said shruging it off. Then out of nowhere Ryoko jumped on his back and
yelled, "I've got you my Tenchi". Of course as usuall he knew that Ryoko was
just teasing him but he still blushed. "Stop it Ryoko." "What don't you like
me Tenchi?", Ryoko said nearly to the point of tears. "I like you Ryoko bu-"
"Oh, I new you loved me" Ryoko kissed him on his lips. Tenchi's eyes bulged
out of their sockets but he didn't do anything to stop her. She was suprised
at this but happy all the same. It was the first time that he hadn't pushed
her away when she tried to kiss him. They stood there for a few minutes
kissing. When Ryoko finally broke the kiss she was smiling happily. "Oooo
Tenchi.", she said. Tenchi just stood there and blushed again. "Tenchi?",
Ryoko asked. "Yes Ryoko?", he replied. "When you let me out I didn't mean to
try to kill you. I'm sorry." "Thats ok. Remember how you asked me if you
could have one of your gems back. Well I've decided to give them all back to
you." "Really Tenchi!", she said as her eyes twinkled. "Really." "Oh thank
you. Thank you. Thank you." "Your welcome. Just don't sneak up on me like
that." "Don't you like it", she said a tear coming from her eye. "Of course
I liked it. What do you think I'm stupid or something. I'll even prove it to
you.", and with that he grabbed her and pulled her lips toward his. When
they met sparks flew all over the place. Ryoko felt like she was in heven.
Tenchi slowly pulled away and said, "I told you I'd prove it." "Never
doubted you for a second.", she replied back. Then the kiss was resumed. It
was as if peace had finally come on the Earth, but it was soon inturupted by
a very loud crash. Booooooooooommmmmmmm. Tenchi broke the kiss. They both
looked puzzled. "Come on Ryoko lets go see what happened", Tenchi said
pointing to the crash site. They both ran over there to see a spaceship
shattered into a thousand pieces and a woman standing there looking at Ryoko
with an evil grin on her face. "I've finally found you Ryoko and I'm going
to kill you once and for all." Before Ryoko could answer Tenchi said, "No
you won't." "And who might you be?" Tenchi hesitated a moment but answered
back, "I'm her boyfriend, and anything you'd like to say to her goes through
me first." Ryoko looked at Tenchi and thought he really does love me. He's
willing to risk his life for me. A tear came to her eyes. She thought, its a
stupid thing to do but sweet all the same. "No Tenchi please don't do
this.", Ryoko begged. " I'm sorry Ryoko but I have to protect you." A few
tears slid down her facebyt Tenchi wiped them away with his finger, smiled
and said, "Don't worry. I'll be fine." He turned around to comfront the
person who had wanted to kill Ryoko. He pulled sword Tenchi out from his
pocket and felt power run through him and into the sword. Almost instantly a
beam popped out of the sword. The other woman laughed and brought a ball of
energy into her hand and closed her hand around it forming a beam sword. The
battle began as she rushed at him slashing left and right. Tenchi jumped up
and brought up sword Tenchi to block the ball of energy she just shot at
him. He blocked it and landed on his feet eying. "Not bad she said.But its
not good enough.", she said as she flew towards Tenchi. He faced her and
readied himself. But she teleported behind him and almost stabbed him in the
stomach. He tried to dodge but she stabbed him in the arm with her sword and
pulled up. Tenchi screamed in pain and agony. "Ryoko run while you still
have a chance." "No Tenchi I'll never leave your side." "Please Ryoko.
Please listen to me. I won't die. I will beat her just go.", Tenchi said as
he frequently winced in pain. "Ok Tenchi but if you die I'll kill myself so
I can be with you." "Ok, just go." Ryoko teleported up to him toched his arm
and kissed him deeply. "You'd better come back to me if you know whats good
for you.", Ryoko said as she smiled and teleported to the cave where he
release her. Tenchi tried to get up but he fell back down and hurt his arm
even more. He winced and, thought I know I am not going to make it but I
don't want Ryoko to see this. The woman just looked at him and said, "How
touching. You really do love her. Oh well your loss." She brought the beam
sword above her and was about to bring it down on Tenchi's head when he had
an idea. He kicked her leg, knocked her down, and stabbed her with with
sword Tenchi. The woman gasped and disapeared. Tenchi just lay there a
moment and whispered, "Ryoko...", then feinted.

Ryoko sat down in front of the cave where she had been inprisoned. Tenchis
been gone for to long, she thought. Just before she was about to phase to
the place that he was at, she heard him call her in his mind <Ryoko.> Her
eyes widened as she quickly phased to the place he was at. Tenchi was laying
on the ground with a streams of blood coming out of his arms and legs. She
sat down and started crying. How could she let Tenchi die like this, she
thought. How could she? Ryoko looked at him his face filled with sorrow. She
lay down put an arm around him and started crying again.

Tenchi could barely open his eyes but he could still hear. He could hear
Ryoko crying because she thought that he had died. "R r ry o ko.", he said
barely above a whisper.

Ryoko looked at him through her blurry eyes. Did he just talk she asked
herself. Once again Tenchi made an effort to speek to her, "I lo ve you Ry
oko." Ryoko was filled with joy. Tenchi wasn't dead. She very carefully
lifted him up and phased to his house. She put him down on his bed and went
to the kitchen to get the first aid kit. Once she got back she saw that
Tenchi was sound asleep. Ryoko smiled to herself and layed down by Tenchi
and went to sleep.

When Tenchi woke up he saw Ryoko lying there next to him on the bed. He put
an arm around her and pulled her closer. He winced a little as she put her
head on his arm. "I love you Ryoko.", he whispered softly into her ear. She
stirred alittle but stayed asleep. Tenchi closed his eyes and went back to
sleep....



Come on people give me some e-mails. Tell me what you think. But don't get
to mad this my first fanfic.E-mail me at paymo21@home.com
