Tenchi needs a break

By Bart Walls

Tenchi Muyo! is a © of Pioneer and AIC .I’m not associated with either
organization , all the characters involved are property to them .This is
meant for fan enjoyment and not for profit or my own personal gain m’kay ?

Wedding bells are heard …We begin looking inside a chapel …In the front row
we see the Galaxy Police Detective , Mihoshi , crying her eyes out .Washu
rolls her eyes and pats her on the back .Princess Ayeka is fuming and Sasami
and Ryo-Oki are smiling …Grandpa Masaki is the best man , right behind his
grandson…We see Tenchi in a tuxedo .His bride’s face is covered by a veil…

Pastor-"Do you , Tenchi Masaki , take this woman to be your lawfully wedded
wife ?To have and to hold ?Till death do you part ?"

Tenchi-"I…*gulp* do…"

Grandpa-"Steady my boy…"

Pastor-"And do you take this man…"

Bride-"Yes I do !"

The bride leaps on Tenchi and gives him a deep long kiss .She takes of her
veil revealing that it’s Ryoko !

Voice-"Ryoko ?RYOKO ?"

Ryoko-"Huh ?"

We see Ryoko’s eyes open .Tenchi is standing above her .

Ryoko-"Tenchi…?"

Tenchi-"It’s time for breakfast , Grandpa sent me to wake you up ."

Ryoko-"But I was having the most wonderful dream !You married me , and it
made Ayeka jealous as a green eyed monster !Ha ha !"

Tenchi-"Oh geez…"

Tenchi walks out covering his face…

Tenchi-"Why me ?"

Later…We see Tenchi out in the yard , he is sweeping the walk .

Tenchi-"Man , I’ve always got the chores…just because Dad won’t get off his
butt…"

Suddenly Tenchi hears a sound .

Sound-"Miyowwww !!!!"

Tenchi-"Huh ?Oh no !"

Tenchi runs and drops the broom .He searches everywhere…he finally finds
what he is looking for…

Tenchi-"Ryo-Oki !!!"

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow ?"

Tenchi-"I told you not to get into the carrot fields !Half of them aren’t
even grown yet !"

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow miyow miyow !"

Tenchi-"Ok fine …"

Tenchi grumbles as he walks in the house .He grabs a few carrots from the
refrigerator and walks back out .He gives them to Ryo-Oki .

Tenchi-"There .Happy ?"

Ryo-Oki(nodding)-"Miyow !!!"

Tenchi sighs and goes back to his sweeping .Later , around dinner…Tenchi is
passed out on the couch…

Tenchi-"Oh man…God only knows how much I need a break !"

THUD !Tenchi bounces atleast 3 feet in the air and lands back on the couch ,
right between Ayeka and Ryoko .

Ayeka-"Hello Tenchi !"

Ryoko-"Hello Tenchi !"

The two hug Tenchi tightly…

Tenchi-"ACK !!!Girls !!!I can’t breathe !!!"

Suddenly , Grandpa walks in .

Grandpa-"Girls !You may want to let go of him…"

Girls-"Huh ?"

They look at Tenchi who is turning blue in the face .They release and he
gasps for breath .

Grandpa-"If you want the boy’s affection I would suggest that you not
squeeze the life out of him ."

Ryoko-"Er…"

Ayeka-"Oh my…"

Mihoshi-"Hello , is everything…AHH !!!!Tenchi’s blue !!!!"

Grandpa-"It’s ok Mihoshi , he’ll be ok ."

Mihoshi-"Oh , good .He scared me for a second …"

Tenchi-"Geez , couldn’t you two ease up on the strength of your hugs ?"

Both-"We’re sorry…"

Tenchi-"I’m not mad , I just enjoy breathing…"

Sasami-"Dinner’s ready !!!Come on everyone before it gets cold !!!"

The group walks into the kitchen where Sasami is holding a pot of food
.Ryo-Oki is on her shoulder and Washu is already at the table .

Washu-"What took you so long ?I’ve been waiting here for atleast 5 minutes
!"

Ryoko-"Well Ayeka hugged Tenchi too hard and…"

Ayeka-"That’s a lie !!!You were the one hugging him too hard !!!"

Ryoko-"Was not !!!"

Ayeka-"Were too !!!"

Mihoshi-"Um , girls can’t we settle this later…?"

Grandpa-"Mihoshi is right girls , you can settle this AFTER dinner ."

Both-"But…*grumble* Ok…"

Tenchi-"What is that you cooked Sasami ?It smells really good !"

Sasami-"It’s a recipe I learned awhile ago on the internet , it’s called
"Cajun Style Sushi" !"

Sasami sets the pot down and everyone begins to dig in .Later , we see
Tenchi collapse in his bed .

Tenchi-"All I want to do now is sleep…"

Grandpa-"TENCHI !!!"

Tenchi-"Wha ?!"

Grandpa-"COME DOWN HERE !!!"

Tenchi-"Oh man…"

Tenchi walks down the stairs .

Tenchi-"What is it Grandpa ?"

Grandpa-"You’ve been under a lot of stress recently !I think you need a
break , how about tomorrow you go to the beach ?"

Tenchi-"The beach ?!Oh boy !Thanks Grandpa !But what about all the girls ?"

Grandpa-"Don’t worry I’ve got it covered ."

Tenchi-"Ok , thanks again !"

Tenchi walks upstairs and gets into his bed .In the morning Tenchi is seen
in his swimming trunks and sandals , he has a towel and sunglasses with him
.He walks up to Grandpa .

Tenchi-"I don’t know how to thank you Grandpa…"

Grandpa-"Oh no , I should be thanking you !"

Tenchi-"Why ?Because I work really hard everyday ?"

Grandpa-"That and well…have a good time !"

Grandpa shoves him out the door .Tenchi shrugs and walks to the car .He
takes the keys from his pockets and starts up the car .He begins driving .

Tenchi-"Oh boy…just me and the beach !"

Ryo-Oki–"Miyow !!!"

Tenchi-"Huh ?"

Tenchi looks over and sees Sasami in the passenger seat with a bathing suit
and towel on .Ryo-Oki is on her head .

Tenchi-"How’d you get…"

Sasami-"Grandpa Masaki invited us silly !"

Tenchi-"Well just as long as it’s only…"

Mihoshi-"Only what ?"

Tenchi-"How many of you are there in here ?"

Washu-"Why all of us you silly boy !We need a vacation just as much as you
."

Tenchi looks in the back seat and sees the remaining girls dressed in their
swimsuits and towels .

Tenchi-"So that’s why Grandpa thanked me…"

Sasami-"C’mon Tenchi !It’ll be fun !I know !We can sing a song to pass the
time !"

Ryoko-"I know a good one !A hundred letters addressed to me from Tenchi, a
hundred addressed to me !"

Ayeka-"If all of them should happen to burn , no love letters for you !Oh
this IS a good song !"

Ryoko-"Hey shut up !That’s not how it’s supposed to go !"

Ayeka-"It sounded pretty good to me ."

Ryoko-"Grr…"

Washu-"Ryoko , settle down honey !"

Ryoko-"Why should I ?"

Washu-"Because I didn’t raise you to be like that !"

Ryoko-"…but she…"

Washu-"No buts !"

Ryoko sits back in her seat and grumbles .

Mihoshi-"Now where were we going again ?"

Tenchi-"Er…the beach , Mihoshi ."

Mihoshi-"The beach ?Oh goody , I love swimming !"

Ayeka-"I liked that song ! A hundred letters addressed to me from Tenchi, a
hundred addressed to me !"

Ryoko-"If they should happen to get ripped up , no love letters for you
!You’re right this IS a good song !"

Tenchi-"It’s gonna be a long trip down…"

Washu begins typing on her laptop .

Mihoshi-"You brought that thing all the way to the car ?"

Washu-"Yes silly , I wanted to do some work while I was down there !I’ve got
a very delicate project I’m working on , and I have to make sure I don’t
fall behind schedule ."

The car stops .The group has arrived .Tenchi steps out .

Tenchi-"Ahh , nothing like a relaxing day at the beach !"

Ryoko-"Yes there is , a relaxing day at the beach with YOU , Tenchi !"

Ryoko disappears behind Tenchi and holds him close .

Tenchi-"Uh uh Ryoko …"

Ryoko-"What’s the matter Tenchi ?Oh I know…"

The two disappear .

Ayeka-"Grr , that Ryoko !!!"

Ayeka begins running in search for Ryoko and Tenchi .Sasami , Mihoshi and
Ryo-Oki jump into the water .

Sasami-"This is fun isn’t it Ryo-Oki ?"

Ryo-Oki-"Miyow miyow !"

Ryo-Oki is surfing on a small surfboard that looks like a carrot .

Mihoshi-"Oh no , I forgot I can’t swim !!!HELP !!!"

Washu-"Hey Bubblehead !You’re in the shallow part of the water !"

Mihoshi-"I am ?"

Mihoshi stands up .

Mihoshi-"Oh…ha ha ha !!!Silly me !"

Washu-"Geez…"

Washu spreads her towel and sits on it , still working .Up on a cliff…

Ryoko-"Isn’t this romantic Tenchi ?"

Tenchi-"Sure Ryoko but…"

Ryoko-"But what ?"

Tenchi-"Won’t Ayeka be angry ?"

Ryoko-"Oh let that stubborn woman be how she wants !All I care is that now
we’re together , all alone !"

Tenchi-"Uh…"

Ryoko-"Come closer Tenchi !"

Tenchi-"Uh I..,I…"

Ayeka-"RYOKO WHERE ARE YOU ?!"

Ryoko-"Ha ha , she’s still looking for us !"

Tenchi secretly begins to sneak away .Ryoko grabs him .

Ryoko-"Uh uh uh Tenchi !You’re not going anywhere ."

Tenchi-"Oh…"

Ryoko grabs Tenchi and gives him a long , passionate kiss .She lets go
.Tenchi is speechless .

Ryoko-"Did you like it ?"

Tenchi-"Uh…yeah…"

Ryoko-"Really ?!"

Tenchi-"Uh huh…"

Ryoko-"Oh I’m so happy !"

Ryoko smiles big .

Ayeka-"So there you are !"

Ryoko-"Hello Ayeka ."

Ayeka-"What have you been doing ?"

Ryoko-"Wouldn’t YOU like to know ?"

Ryoko smirks .

Ayeka-"Tenchi , are you ok ?"

Tenchi-"Uh yeah Ayeka…"

Ryoko and Tenchi get up .They walk back down to where the others are , ready
to go .Ryoko still has a large smile on her face .

Washu-"What’s with you Ryoko ?"

Ryoko-"Wouldn’t you like to know ?"

The scene shifts out with Ryoko still smiling .



The End
