*DISCLAIMER*: None of the characters here are mine. They all belong to AIC 
and Pioneer.

Tenchi of Jurai
	Episode II: Uh-oh Ryoko

	Ryoko looked almost regretfully back at Tresh as it faded off into the 
distance. It was nothing more than a filthy, polluted planet inhabited by 
outlaws, boozers, and just plain poor poeple, yet it had been the only home 
she had. For thirteen years, she had taken up residence there, but now it 
was gone.
	The thrill of being a space pirate began to fill her, a feeling she had 
lost long ago when she settled down. This is the way it had always been for 
her. Taking off for some strange heist or reckless adventure on nothing more 
than a whim or boredom. Now once again she floated on the see of stars, 
going where she pleased, or now more precisely, the Dero region.
	With nothing better to do, she sat down in her chair, recalling her 
favorite memories from the past. Eventually sleep overcame her as Ryo-ohki 
continued her steady course.

	A sudden crash and cries from Ryo-ohki awoke her from her slumber. She had 
never managed to fall into a deep sleep, so she awoke easily.
	" Myaaaaaaaaaaaah!" cried Ryo-ohki.
	Ryoko noticed that they were no longer speeding through the stars, but at a 
slight drift, barely moving along.
	" Ryo-ohki, why did you stop?!" Ryoko yelled back.
	On the screen, Ryo-ohki pulled up a picture of a galaxy police ship, also 
drifting at about several thousand feet away. A blinking red window appeared 
in the corner, signaling that the ship was trying to hail her. Ryoko 
completely ignored it as she pulled up the coordinates for their current 
whereabouts.
	It appeared that they had made it to Teiko galaxy, one of the three systems 
that composed the Dero region. Drats! And to be caught so close!
	Now a new idea formed in her head. The Dero region was way out at the edge 
of the universe. The Teiko system was the only of the three systems that was 
technologically advanced. The other two systems had minor races that hadn't 
even made space travel yet. It's against the law for an advanced society to 
come in contact with an unadvanced society. Therefore, if she could draw the 
police into one of those two systems, they'd have to stop pursuing her!
	Ryoko called at the top of her voice, " Ryo-ohki, full speed ahead to the 
Naje system!"
	" Myaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" contradicted Ryo-ohki.
	" Grrrrrrr! I know it wouldn't be wise, but do it anyway!"
	With that the ship lurched forward, but was suddenly pulled back. Ryoko 
tumbled nonchalantly across the floor. Apparently the galaxy police had 
managed to grapple onto Ryo-ohki while she was sleeping. There was no 
escaping now.
	Finally a message window popped up. The galaxy police must have managed to 
force a communication. On screen appeared a galaxy police officer, quite 
young with long, dark green hair. Her badge read "Officer Kiyone".
	A loud crash was audible over the intercom and the screen went fuzzy for a 
moment. After a few seconds the picture came back into focus. Kiyone was now 
looking off somewhere in the ship where the sound had originated.
	" Mihoshi! You ditz, I told you not to touch that!" she scolded.
	" I'm sorry Kiyone." someone whimpered in the background, that must be 
Mihoshi.
	Now Kiyone looked at Ryoko as if seeing her for the first time. " Space 
pirate Ryoko, you're under arrest. You have the right to remain silent. 
Anything you say can and will be held against you in the universal court of 
law." she announced.
	All this fell upon deaf ears as Ryoko wasn't paying the slightest bit of 
attention. She had the lead of a life time and now she was being stifled by 
these idiotic police. It didn't really matter, she'd break out and get to 
the crystal long before anyone else knew. This she was confident.
	Kiyone looked down to see Ryoko, dreaming about something else and not even 
acknowleding the situation she was in. She stared with her mouth open, ' How 
can this woman possibly be so cool when she's being arrested?'
	The officer quickly closed her mouth. " Ahem!"
	" Mmmmm, yeah?" Replied Ryoko, looking past the monitor and out into the 
stars.
	" Excuse me MA'AM! But maybe you haven't noticed, so I thought I'd bring it 
to your attention."
	" Uh-huh, what is it."
	This was too much for Kiyone to bear. What an insolent beast this woman 
was, " YOU'RE UNDER ARREST!"
	" Oh really now? Yeah, I kinda thought something was strange. Listen, could 
you, you know, get this whole thing over with real quick?"
	Kiyone let out a heavy sigh. ' She probably wants this.'
	At this point Kiyone was too agravated to say anything else, so she ordered 
Mihoshi to disconnect the link to Ryoko and set course for Galaxy Police 
headquarters. With this a loud bang and a crash followed and the screen went 
blurry. Both ships lurched forward, heading towards the GP station, with 
Kiyone's ship leading the way.


Looking for any comments (good or bad), ideas or corrections. Be very 
critical, I want an honest opinion. E-mail me at lemontwist23@hotmail.com 
with any of these. I know the story still seems blah, but give me time to 
let it unfold. I'm just getting started!
P.S. Please comment how well I portray the personality of the characters, 
this is something I worry about alot

