Scene 1: house, Midday
	
	(its midday Tenchi with Ryoko are watching TV. Sasami, Washu, and Kiyone 
are taking a bath while Mihoshi and Ayeka are out side picking carrots.)
Tenchi: Ryoko when do you think that Brandon will be back?
Ryoko: I have no idea 
Tenchi: ok
	(Mihoshi and Ayeka just finished getting all of the carrots, they but them 
in to a basket. they were talking about who Brandon's friend could be wile they 
walk in the house.)
Ayeka: no I think it's a girl
Mihoshi: I still think it's a boy
Tenchi: what are you two talking about?
Ayeka: oh we are talking about Brandon's friend that's coming
Tenchi: cool do you know who it is Ayeka?
Ryoko: well I have a guess but I don't think he would bring her to a planet like 
this one
Tenchi and Ayeka: who 
Ryoko: well I don't think you want to know about her
Tenchi come on Ryoko tell us, we want to know
Ryoko: oh forget it he would not bringer her after all... never mind
Ayeka: WHAT!!!!!! Come on tell us Ryoko!
Ryoko: no I don't want too
Ayeka: fine be that way
Tenchi: will you stop fighting!
Mihoshi: well at least they're not fighting about you Tenchi
Tenchi: that's a first 
	(just then Sasami, Washu, and Kiyone walk in with towels on there heads 
and bodies)
Tenchi: hi how was your bath guys?
Washu: it was peaceful 
Sasami: I thought it was relaxing 
Kiyone: me too
Tenchi: sounds like you all had fun
Ryoko: sounds like you were all bored to me
Washu: well we never asked you Ryoko 
Ayeka: you did not ask Tenchi either
Washu: so, we were talking to him
Ayeka: oh well then
Mihoshi: what's for lunch?
Kiyone: (with a grim look on her face) only you would think of food at a time 
like this
Mihoshi: what I am hungry 
Sasami: well I will get dressed so I can make dinner
	(she runs up stairs and in to her room closing the door behind her)
Washu: well I better get dressed too
	(she walks in to her lab and the door closes)
Kiyone: well I will get dressed when Sasami is done with the room
Tenchi: well you can use mine
Ayeka and Ryoko: (surprised) WHAT!!!!
Tenchi: there is nothing wrong with that, any way it's my room
Kiyone: well thank you Tenchi 
	(she walks up stairs in to Tenchi's room and closes the door behind her)
Ayeka: me and Mihoshi better but these carrots a way, come on Mihoshi 
Mihoshi: ok
	(Mihoshi and Ayeka walk back out side)
Tenchi: so Ryoko do you think Brandon is coming back to day?
	(Ryoko turns and looks at him)
Ryoko: he better
	(she stands up)
Tenchi: why? What's so important you want your worst enemy back?
Ryoko: I want Ryo-ohki back
Tenchi: oh. Ok well I think he should be back any time this week
Ryoko: (angry) WEEK!!! I can't wait that long for her
	(Sasami starts walking down the stairs. Then out of no were, 
CRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Every one hits the floor)
Tenchi: what was that?
Ryoko: I think Brandon just landed
Tenchi: really 
Sasami: oww! My head hurts
Tenchi: I am sorry to hear that
Ryoko: I wonder where he landed?
	(Yosho runs in)
Yosho: the temple is gone!!! Something smashed it to dust AHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
	(Yosho runs out. screaming)
Tenchi: AHHHHHH!!! Not the temple 
Ryoko: lets go!
	(Ryoko grabs Tenchi and runs out the door for the temple)
Tenchi: oww. That hurts Ryoko!

Scene 2: next to the crushed temple


	(Tenchi and Ryoko just got to the place where the temple was standing and 
now a pile of dust remains what's left of the temple. Tenchi and Ryoko just 
stand there and look at what could do this to the temple)
Tenchi: AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! What happened to the temple?
Ryoko: I don't know Tenchi
	(just then a door form no ware appears 5 feet above ground and a set of 
stairs come down and hit the ground next to Tenchi. A strange figure appears at 
the top of the stairs.)
Man: Hi guys what did I miss when I was gone?
Tenchi: Brandon?
Man: Yea its me
	(a flash of light and they see its Brandon on the top of the stair and he 
has two cabbits on his shoulders. The one on his right was Ryo-ohki and on the 
other was a white one with Golden eyes.)
Ryoko: I see you brought Ryo-ohki back 
Tenchi: who is the one you left shoulder Bandon?
Brandon: Oh her, she's Crystal my own cabbit
Ryoko: I didn't think you'd bring her here Brandon but I had my doubts
	(Brandon is now walking down the stairs)
Brandon: well I did not want her to be alone wile she was in space and now her 
and Ryo-ohki are inseparable 
Tenchi: why?
Brandon: it's an animal thing I guess but I am back
	(now he is on the bottom of the stairs, Brandon pulls out a little 
computer and presses a button on it and all of a sudden a ship appears right on 
top of the ground and its 15 miles Long it looks like a Big dragonfly)  
Tenchi: (frightened) what is THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH It's 
HUGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ryoko: o I see you brought Lexx 
Brandon: yep that's Lexx all right
Tenchi: what the hell is a Lexx?
Brandon: he is my ship he was made to destroy planets
Tenchi: your not going to destroy this one are you?
Brandon: heck no I would not even think of that
Tenchi: oh ok
Ryoko: so, how did you get a cloaking device on him?
Brandon: well I never did I gat him some of that stuff Johnny uses to make, well 
it make him cloak for 3 hours it's so cool
Ryoko: yea but do you think you can have him lift off he is on the temple
Brandon: temple? Where?
Ryoko: under the Lexx
Brandon: oh let me see
	(the two cabbits jump off Brandon, he walks to the Lexx and puts 1 hand on 
him. With a swing of his arm he lifts up the tremendous ship)
Brandon: oh I see well I will fix it when Lexx lifts off
Tenchi: (surprised) how on earth did you do that? Oh yea thanks I think
Ryoko: well you better let Lexx leave or cloak him because everyone is coming
Brandon: Lexx!!
Lexx: yes Master Brandon
Brandon: Lexx would you please lift off and stay in a high orbit around the 
earth 
LEXX: Yes Sir.
Tenchi: it talks!! AHHHHHHHH
Brandon: thank you Lexx, and yes he talks
	(the tremendous Lexx Shots out a big ball of fire out its tail and goes up 
in a 56% angle towards the sky and flies out of site in a flash)
Brandon: that was easy enough
Tenchi: enough! What could be harder for you man I am still stunned at the site 
of a big bug looking ship that talks not to mention that you Lifted it off the 
ground with only 1 HAND!!!!!
Ryoko: you're over reacting Tenchi
Brandon: he's going nuts

Scene 3: house, 30 minutes later

	(everyone else is now in the living room talking about stuff, the door 
opens wide up and there is Tenchi, Ryoko, and Brandon standing there)
Ayeka: oh hi Tenchi 
Tenchi: whatever Ayeka, I am going to bed
Ryoko and Ayeka: good night Tenchi
Brandon: what's with them two?
	(he closes the door wile Tenchi slowly walks up stairs and goes to bed)
Kiyone: we will never know
Sasami: hay Brandon what the name of that other Ryo-ohki?
Brandon: her name is Crystal 
Sasami: can I hold her?
Brandon: be my guessed I am not stopping any one
	(just then Washu walks out of her lab)
Brandon: Hay Washu how's it shaking?
Washu: (confused) shaking? What do you mean by that?
Brandon: oh, my bad, sorry its bad English
Washu: dose it have to be that bad?
Sasami: (giggling) Crystal is very cute and she totally playful 
Brandon: yep she a cutie all right, with that whitest fur I have ever seen
Sasami: yea it's white all right
Washu: hay it's another cabbit did you create that Brandon?
Brandon: yep a some of 450 years ago
Washu: she's that old 
Brandon: yep
Sasami: I don't care as long as she's playful
	(Ryoko and Ayeka have walked up stairs and are now sound a sleep, but 
Mihoshi was all ready asleep on Kiyone's shoulder)
Kiyone: Well Mihoshi and me better get off to bed too
Brandon: ok
Washu: good night
Sasami: have a goods night rest
	(Kiyone dragging Mihoshi up the stairs walk in to the bedroom and then the 
door closes)
Brandon: well you both better get to bed too
Sasami: what about you?
Brandon: well did you guys find where I could sleep for the rest of the time I 
am here for?
Washu: nope
Sasami: well you can sleep in Tenchi's room I guess
Brandon: do you think he would mind?
Washu: no I don't think he would but we can try at least
Sasami: I will go get the extra sheets for you
Brandon: ok thanks Sasami
	(after a busy day everyone is now asleep and dreaming away)

Scene 4: Morning
 
	(Sasami was just getting up for a goods night rest, she starts to walk 
down stairs when she hears a noise, she goes in for a closer look and finds a 
naked lady in the kitchen cooking food. She freaks out and runs for Tenchi's 
room)
Sasami: (frighten) Brandon! Brandon there is a naked lady in the kitchen hurry!!
	(Brandon just woke up)
Brandon: oh it's just your imagination Sasami
Sasami: (still frighten) no Brandon I can smell the food from here she's down 
there
Brandon: fine I will go see who it is
	(Sasami walks down the stairs with Brandon and point at a naked lady in 
the kitchen cooking food)
Brandon: oh Sasami that's just Crystal making breakfast 
Sasami: WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	(the naked lady stops what she's doing and turns around)
Lady: what's going on Brandon?
Brandon: oh Crystal Sasami just never knew that you could transform in to a 
woman
Crystal: is that so
Sasami: so now you can transform in to a woman. Man and I though I saw every 
thing
Crystal: don't be frighten little Sasami
Sasami: well this is going to make everyone's day, today
Brandon: no its not I don't want you saying any thing about this you got it 
Sasami!
Sasami: oh all right
Crystal: well breakfast is all most ready
Brandon: oh boy!
Sasami: oh god!


Well this episode went a little over board on the naked lady part but oh well

Preview of the next episode: oh no the karaoke machine is found by Brandon what 
may hold for the next episode; karaoke all the way
