    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Disclaimer:  You've heard this before so why should I say it again.  BECAUSE
I DON'T WANT TO BE SUED!  All characters belong to pioneer entertainment and
other companies that made Tenchi Muyo and were used without permission.
Blah, Blah, Blah!  NOW LET'S GET IT ON!

Last Episode:  Tenchi seemed like a regular kid that lived at a shrine.  On
one particular day, Tenchi is given visions from what he called the "Voice
of the Valley".  While pursuing the source of these images, he becomes
augmented with a wooden plate on his arm, or so he thought.  Strangely this
plate is no longer on his arm.  Yet Tenchi knows something happened.  And
now, Episode II.

                                    Prologue:

        "Are you sure?" a dark figure asked as he looked at screen.  His
features were hidden within the darkness.  The only thing visible was the
lower half of his robe.
        "There is no doubt.  It was Funa-Ho and he is on the third planet of
the Sol System," Toshiaki said.
        "Well.  I must give Yosho credit.  Not only did he escape our
forces, but also managed to penetrate deep within the Aligned Worlds'
territory without being detected.  Quite hard with a damaged battleship,"
the dark man said.
        "We were forced to pull back to Jurai space since Funa-Ho's death is
sure to draw some unwanted attention," Toshiaki explained.
        "Very wise, my friend.  The last thing we need are the Galaxy Police
discovering our little organization."
        "We need further orders on how to proceed."
        The dark man leaned back in his seat for few seconds and gave this
some thought.  "Head toward the Corupula Base and stand by for further
orders.  We may need to use some other methods to get at that key."
        "Yes sir," Toshiaki said before the screen then vanished.
        The dark man stood up and began to pace around his room slowly.
With this new information, he was forced to rethink his strategy.  Jurai and
the Aligned Worlds were just beginning to make peace with each other, yet
there still were some 'near collisions' at the border between Jurai ships
and the Galaxy Police.  Sending a Jurai ship into the area, scout or
otherwise, would prove too dangerous.  It was hard enough to hide the
vessels under his command from the princess.  Having the Galaxy Police
discovering his ships would destroy everything he worked for.  He had to use
other methods.
        The dark figure then heard a knock at his door.  "Enter," he said
without even glancing to the door behind him.
        Slowly, a Juraian guard entered the room.  "My Lord.  The princess
has called a emergency meeting of all nobles," the soldier stated.
        "Somehow, I knew she would," the dark figure said to himself.  He
then turned to the guard.  "I'll be there shortly."
        The guard exited the room the next instant.
        "Well, my princess.  It seems that you also know about Yosho's
location.  No matter.  Your key and Yosho's will soon be mine," the man
laughed as he put on a new set of robes that allowed people to recognize him
as a noble of Jurai.


                                 Tenchi's Life
                                  Episode II
                               Approaching Enemy

        Just beyond the edge of the Sol system, a single ship flew through
space.  The ship was a deep range scout vessel used only for patrol and
rescue.  Given the fact that the Sol System was under the jurisdiction of
the Aligned Worlds' Preservation Act, it was the only one allowed near the
system.
        On the bridge sat its only pilot, Mihoshi.  In front of her was a
partially transparent screen that showed television broadcasts from all the
different systems.  Flipping through each one, Mihoshi tried to find
something to watch so she could pass the time.
        "Over twenty million channels covering events on thousands of
worlds, and not one of them has anything good on!" Mihoshi complained.
        From the ceiling, a robotic head dropped and looked toward Mihoshi.
"Mihoshi.  Surely you can do something more productive then watch
television," the robot said.
        "I can't find anything good on.  Aren't you picking up some kind of
comedy or cartoon, Yukanojo?" Mihoshi asked.
        "Mihoshi.  Please.  My main antenna is for scouting the surrounding
area.  Not finding broadcasts," Yukanojo said.  There were times when he
regretted being paired with Mihoshi.  Though she was friendly and nice, she
was terrible when it came to police work.  He could remember a number of
pilots he had before Mihoshi.  Though they were reckless and sometimes bad
tempered, none was more accident prone or reckless as Mihoshi.  Yet somehow
Mihoshi got the job done, mostly through blind luck and his help.
        "I need a drink," Mihoshi said.  She then pulled out from her pocket
a pink cube.  Slowly she turned the edges of the cube in different
directions.  After turning the cube's sides a few times, a cup of coffee
materialized in front of her.  "Ah.  There we go," and took a small sip of
the coffee.  Immediately, an awful taste filled her mouth, causing her to
spit out the foul liquid.  "Yuck!  What is this stuff?"
        "I believe it is Corac coffee.  It is known for its fowl taste and
intoxicating side affects," Yukanojo answered.
        "I just wanted to some regular Galaxy Police type coffee," Mihoshi
said.  She then picked up her cube again and began to turn the various
sides.  After a few quick turns, another cup appeared.  This time it was
filled with a black tar like liquid.  "I don't think so," Mihoshi grunted.
She then began to turn the cube again, having various types of 'coffee'
appear before her.
        "Yuck!"
        "Eew!"
        "Gross!"
        "Is this drinkable?"
        These were the remarks Mihoshi made to her next few attempts.
Finally she just gave up and tossed her cube aside.  "No one can get a good
cup of coffee these days," Mihoshi remarked and leaned back in her chair.
        Without warning, an alarm sounded on all the control panels of the
ship.
        Mihoshi, caught off guard, jumped out of her seat and landed on the
floor.  "Ouch." she groaned.  She then got up and looked at the various
controls and gages, though from her expression, she did not appear to know
what she was doing.  "What's going on?"
        "I have just picked up a Jurai signal coming from Earth.  There also
appears to be a large energy signature coming from the signal's origin,"
Yukanojo said.
        "A Jurai signal?  Jurai?  Jurai.  Where have I heard that name
before?" Mihoshi asked herself.
        Yukanojo groaned.  "Does the war between the Aligned Worlds and
Jurai fifty years ago ring a bell?" Yukanojo asked in a sarcastic tone.
        "Nope."
        "Jurai is an advanced planet that is several million light years
from here.  Our forces fought with theirs fifty years ago in the Great War.
It ended in a truce that split the known territories down the middle,
separating Jurai space from the Aligned Worlds'.  They are considered our
enemy.  Having a ship this deep within our territory is a breach in the
treaty signed in space calendar year 5902," Yukanojo explained.
        "Oh."
        "Understand?"
        "Not a word."
        Yukanojo groaned.
        "But wasn't Jurai making peace agreements to end all borders?"
Mihoshi asked.
        The top part of Yukanojo's head popped up in surprise.  "That's
right.  But how did you know that?"
        "It's just something I heard while flipping through the television
channels," Mihoshi said.
        "Ugh!"
        "Well.  I guess we better escort them out this system.  They aren't
supposed to be here after all," Mihoshi said as she started to bring the
ship online.
        "Mihoshi!  Don't you know anything?  Having a Jurai ship this deep
in space is considered an act of war!  And besides, a Jurai ship can easily
take out a number of ships like me without getting damaged!  Its suicide to
intercept that ship!  We must report to Galaxy Headquarters immediately!"
Yukanojo said.
        "You're overreacting.  They probably just got lost or something."
        "Mihoshi.  Trust me on this.  Galaxy Police Law states that we must
report this!" Yukanojo said.
        "Okay.  Don't get so up tight.  Just let them know what we found."
        "Done," Yukanojo said after a brief pause.
        "Now what?  Shouldn't we go in and see if they need help out of the
system?" Mihoshi asked.
        For a short time, Yukanojo remained silent.  "Galaxy Police has told
us to just standby and wait," Yukanojo said.
        "But-"
        "Forget it Mihoshi.  The Galaxy Police gave me the authority to
prevent you from going in.  Don't make me override your commands.  We must
stay here," Yukanojo said.
        "Very well," Mihoshi groaned.  Mihoshi could never understand why
Galaxy Police gave Yukanojo authority to run the ship whenever an emergency
arose.

        For Marshall Noventa, the news could not come at a worse time.
Talks between Jurai and the Aligned Worlds had been progressing very
smoothly.  If anything, the Royal Family of Jurai seemed determined to make
peace with the Aligned Worlds to allow free trade between the systems on
both sides.  Though no one of the Aligned Worlds saw the Royal Family, or
knew their names even, it was clear from the ambassadors and nobles sent
that the Royal Family wanted this peace to work out.
        It was only recently when Marshall Noventa heard about a Jurai
vessel that had crossed the border and landed on a planet that was deemed to
remain secluded until the race was capable of space travel beyond their
system.
Noventa knew the kind of response this would generate in the Senate when
word of this intrusion spread.  All the members against peace with Jurai
would claim that this was a clear act of war.  Their few numbers would grow
and cause major problems.  Five years of steady negotiation would be ruined.
        Still Marshall Noventa knew what had to be done.  It was his
position to report to the Senate of the Aligned Worlds about a possible
invasion.  "So close.  So close to peace," the Marshall said to himself as
he made his way down a hall toward the meeting room of the Senate.
        "Sir!"
        Marshall Noventa turned around to see a young woman wearing a
uniform of the Special Agent squad rushing up to him.  "What is it?" Noventa
asked.
        The girl stopped in front of him.  "Sir.  I have some news about the
signal intercepted at the planet, Earth," the girl said.
        "What kind of information, agent -"
        "Special Agent Kiyone, sir."
"Kiyone.  Tell me what you found."
"I compared the signal received and the energy discharge to battle records
during the Great War and have found something very interesting," Kiyone
explained.
        "Go on," Noventa said, hoping to find a key to solve his problems in
the explanation.
        "I believe what the Yukanojo monitored was the dying cry of a Jurai
ship," Kiyone said.
        "A death cry?"
        "Yes sir.  I believe it to be a battleship of some kind.  A powerful
one to.  The energy discharged was off the charts."
        "Very interesting." Noventa said to himself.
        "Sir.  I don't think this ship was planning any kind of invasion.
The system is located in a fairly poor area of space with no resource or
strategic value.  Jurai would not gain anything from invading that area."
"From what you know so far, what do think is going on?"
        "I believe that the Jurai ship appeared by accident in that sector
and crashed on Earth.  Maybe it had an accident in subspace and drifted
until it emerged in the sector Earth was in."
        "Not likely.  We have satellites around the Sol System.  They
prevent any unregistered ship from entering through subspace, especially
Juraian."
        "A Jurai battleship could not have crossed the border by regular
means without being detected, and if it was a Jurai invasion, would they not
send more ships to that area?  Our scopes show none."
        "A valid point," Noventa said as he scratched his chin, searching
for an explanation.
        "Whatever happened, I believe that ship is dead.  We have nothing to
fear from it."
        "Indeed.  Those ships may be powerful, but when dead in space, they
stay dead," Noventa stated.
        "Sir.  If I may suggest a course of action?"
        "Any suggestion is appreciated."
        "The Jurai are a people who really care for their ships.  I would
not be surprised if they asked to retrieve its body.  What I suggest is to
help them.  It could strengthen peace talks and help us to know them
better."
        "Who would you suggest to go?  Not many would trust a Juraian."
        "I would go.  I have made many studies and reports on Jurai culture
and technology.  This would be a good chance to learn more."
        "Trying to get promoted quickly?" Noventa joked.
        Kiyone remained silent.  She tried to hide her smile of
embarrassment.
        "All right.  I'll pass this on to the Senate.  I'll give you a call
when a decision has been made." He then made his way to the meeting hall of
the Senate.
        Kiyone smiled heavenly.  "Promotion!  Here I come!"

        On the Juraian base hovering over Corupula, Toshiaki and Haruka
waited patiently for their master to call.  They had followed their orders
from their lord and now awaited for further instructions.  Both knew that
the more time that was lost, the harder it would be to retrieve what they
searched for.  But they needed orders from their master on how to proceed.
        Without warning a large screen appeared above the two men.  The
screen showed a figure hidden in a dark room.  Only his royal green robes
could be seen while his face was hidden in darkness.  "Toshiaki.  Haruka."
        Both men came to attention and stood before the screen.  "What is it
you request?" Haruka asked.
        "I have decided to take you off this assignment." the man said.
        "Take us off, sir?" Toshiaki said in surprise.
        "My lord, we have the capability to go in quickly and get the key
back with little chance of discovery," Haruka explained.
        "I know.  But I can not risk it," the noble answered.
        "We can't just leave the key there.  We need it if your plan is to
succeed," Toshiaki said.
        "You are correct.  However, a new situation has presented itself.
It seems that the Aligned Worlds is willing to let one ship cross their
borders.  A 'representative' of the Royal Family will be going to the Sol
System to get the key," the man explained.
        "We can not let them do that!  If the key is given back to the
princess, then she will find out everything Yosho knew!  Our plans will be
ruined!" Toshiaki argued.
        "On the contrary.  I am all for it."
        Both Haruka and Toshiaki looked at each other, then turned back to
the noble.  "We don't understand," Haruka said.
        "You will when I arrive," the noble said.
        "You're coming here?" Toshiaki asked.
        "Yes.  I am also bringing a friend.  Prepare for our arrival in
three Juraian days," the dark man said before he ended the transmission.
        "What do you think he is planning?" Toshiaki asked.
        "I don't know.  But we must trust our lord," Haruka said.

        Kiyone entered Marshall Noventa's office two days after her original
conversation with him.  She had high hopes that the Marshall would allow her
to go along with her plan.  However, her plan depended mostly on the Jurai
and Aligned Worlds making a agreeing with each other.
        She entered the office to see Marshall Noventa sitting at his desk
looking over some papers.  "Special Agent Kiyone, reporting as ordered,
sir," and saluted
        "At ease Kiyone.  It seems your idea has been approved.  The Senate
has agreed to aid Jurai in finding their missing ship," Noventa said.
        "I must say that they decided fairly quickly."
        "Indeed.  Jurai was fairly open about the subject.  They did not
deny the incident or try to hide the facts."
        "What kind of facts did they give us?"
        "Not much really.  They do claim that a battleship under a renegade
pilot had wandered into our space.  How it got there, they are not sure.
But they do seem to be interested in finding the ship's pilot and taking him
back to Jurai as soon as possible." Noventa explained.
        "So what are the terms of this rescue?"
        "That depends on whether you are still willing to go."
        "I am sir," Kiyone answered.
        "All right.  Here's the deal.  You are to take the space cruiser,
Yagami, to the Sol System.  There, you will rendezvous with First Class
Detective Mihoshi on board Yukanojo.  She is in charge of patrolling that
system and was responsible for discovering the signal," Marshall Noventa
said.
        "Can you tell me about this pilot?"
        "Let's just say she is enthusiastic about her work and leave at
that."
        Kiyone looked at him puzzled.  She could tell he was hiding
something about the pilot.  However, she figured it wasn't anything she
could not handle.
        "Anyway.  You will wait for a Jurai cruiser called Ryo-Oh, which
will be escorted by two of our battleships.  Two representatives of the
Royal Family will be on that cruiser, or so they claim."
        "I see."
        "Once you have contacted the Jurai cruiser.  Those battleships will
fall back to the edge of the Sol System while Yagami, Yukanojo, and Ryo-Oh
enter the system.  You are to find the ship, pilot, and all other Juraian
articles on the planet.  Remove them as quickly as possible and get out.  Do
not interact with the natives unless the situation demands.  Make sure to
record everything they do and find out as much as you can about how that
ship got into our space and the pilot." Marshall Noventa ordered.
        "Anything else?"
        "Yes.  Take this," Marshall Noventa said as he reached into his desk
and pulled out a small metal cylinder with a button on one end and handed it
to Kiyone.  "It's a transmitter.  If the Jurai try something, press that
button.  It will send a strong signal out to warn our fleets to be ready for
battle if something goes wrong."
        "I see," Kiyone said as she looked at the device.  For her, it was a
button that could lead to another Great War.  Something she wanted to avoid.
        "Listen.  It will not be easy, and there is danger involved.  If
something does happen, we won't be able to save you," Noventa explained.
        "I'm well aware of the risks.  Don't worry.  I will not fail you."
        Noventa smiled at Kiyone.  "Dismissed."

        Several hours later, Kiyone was on board the Yagami, headed straight
for the Sol System.  During the flight, she reviewed all known information
about Juraian custom and technology, which wasn't much.  Very little was
known about the Juraian people except they were the oldest race in the
universe and had unique mind powers.  They also seemed to worship their
greatest treasure, the space trees.  It was these trees that created Jurai's
fleet.  What Kiyone could not understand is why the trees could not be
duplicated anywhere else.  The Aligned Worlds had tried, but failed
miserably in trying to make copies of Juraian trees.  No explanation was
found as to why.
        "We are coming up on the rendezvous coordinates," the Yagami AI unit
said.
        "Very good.  Is the Yukanojo here?" Kiyone asked.
        "Negative.  She is no where in the vicinity at the moment."
        Kiyone found this very strange.  The Yukanojo was sent a message
during the time she left.  The ship should have been at the rendezvous point
well before she even arrived.  Kiyone then wondered if the patrol ship had
fallen victim to foul play by the Juraians.  It would not be the first time
something like this happened.  If the Yukanojo -
        "Kiyone.  The Yukanojo has just entered our sensor range," Yagami
said.
        Kiyone breathed a sigh of relief.  She put aside all fears that
Jurai might be creating a trap.  "Hail the ship."
        "Communication established."
        A screen then appeared in front of Kiyone with an image of Mihoshi
smiling back.  "Hi.  Are you Kiyone?  I was supposed to meet up with someone
named Kiyone," Mihoshi said.
        The greeting stunned Kiyone for a few seconds.  "Uh.  Yes.  I am
Special Agent Kiyone of the second division in the fourth quadrant of Galaxy
Headquarters 652."
        "Wow.  That's some title," Mihoshi awed.
        "I take it your Mihoshi?"
        "Yes sir.  First Class Detective Mihoshi, at your service," Mihoshi
saluted.
        "I see.  How come you didn't wait at the rondezvous point?  I'm sure
I gave you the exact coordinates," Kiyone asked.
        "Oh.  Well, I kind of got lost."
        "You got lost?"
        "Yeah."
        "Why didn't you just feed the coordinates to Yukanojo and ask him to
bring you here on autopilot?"
        "You can do that?"
        Kiyone quickly pushed the mute button on her council.  "Yagami.  Are
you sure this is the right ship?  She doesn't act like an officer," Kiyone
demanded.
        "Yukanojo has informed me that this is her typical behavior," Yagami
said.
        "You got to be kidding," Kiyone said.  She then looked back to
Mihoshi and activated the sound again.  "Well, Mihoshi.  Perhaps we should
meet together and discuss how we are to greet the Jurai representatives when
they arrive."
        "We're meeting some people from Jurai?"
        "I believe that is what your orders said when I sent them to you.
Didn't you read them?"
        "Well, sort of.  They were hard to follow."
        Kiyone groaned.  "Tell me.  How did you get into Galaxy Police?"
        "Just lucky I guess," Mihoshi smiled.
        Kiyone's face faulted.  "This is going to be a long mission," Kiyone
said to herself.  She then looked back at the still smiling Mihoshi.  "All
right!  Just dock with my ship and I will explain everything to you.  You
are clear to dock on the starboard side."
        "Right.  Uh.  Which side is the starboard side?"
        "The right side of my ship!"
        "Oh.  Okay," Mihoshi said.  The transmission was then cut off.  A
screen then showed the Yukanojo making its way into position.  Once it had
taken up position near the Yagami, a corridor was extended out from the
Yagami and connected to the hatch of Yukanojo.  Little did Kiyone realize
was that she had just invited in her worst nightmare.

        An hour later, three ships made their way through the space
belonging to the Aligned Worlds.  The two largest were twin battleships
equipped with state of the art technology.  Each carried enough firepower to
level a continent to ashes.  The two ships flew parallel to each other.
Their gun ports were aimed, but not armed, to the small ship in between
them, a Jurai cruiser.
        The Jurai cruiser was an elegant piece of art when compared to the
bulky battleships.  Like a wooden boat in space, the ship glided through
space with ease.  The ship was composed of a wood like material surrounding
an oval command center in the middle of the ship.  It was decorated with
elegant fins and Jurai writing.
        Despite the Jurai cruisers elegant look, the battleships decided to
take no chances.  The captains knew the power the cruiser had within.
Enough power flowed through the ship to destroy both battleships with ease.
Only the fact that the Jurai gun ports were not active and the shield of the
craft, known as the Lighthawk Wings, was not activated had eased some of the
tension.
        Slowly, the three ships approached the waiting Yagami and Yukanojo.
        "This is the battleship, White Rock.  We have escorted the Jurai
representatives to your location.  They wish to seek an audience with you as
soon as possible," the captain of one of the ships said in a communication
link to Yagami.
        A distressed Kiyone ran to the communications counsel.  "This is
Special Agent Kiyone.  Tell them we will meet with them shortly," Kiyone
said, and switched off the communication channel.
        "Kiyone.  I'm not sure if I got my badge on right.  I mean, is it
really necessary to dress so formally," Mihoshi called out.
        Kiyone growled.  Her temper had gone way past her normal level.
Kiyone had discovered early on that Mihoshi was a klutz and an airhead.  It
had taken Kiyone five times to explain what their mission was about, and
even then, Mihoshi still had trouble understanding.  What was even worse was
getting Mihoshi prepared.  Mihoshi's dress outfit had been found under her
bed on Yukanojo.  It had been covered in stains and who knows what else.  It
had taken a half hour to clean it.  Then there was the problem of telling
Mihoshi the correct dress code.  Needless to say, Kiyone did not even have
time to explain to Mihoshi on how to greet a Jurai representative.
        "There.  I think I got it," Mihoshi said after she had straightened
the badge on her uniform.
        "All right.  You look good.  Now listen, Mihoshi.  Two
representatives of Jurai will be coming on board soon.  Don't even speak
with them.  I will handle all greetings," Kiyone explained.
        "All right."
        "Don't even think about saying a word to them."
        "I understand," Mihoshi smiled.
        "Good."  Kiyone then led Mihoshi to an open room where the Jurai
representatives would transport in.  "Yagami.  Tell the representatives they
can transport over now."
        "Affirmative.  Transport underway," Yagami said.
        The next second, three specs of light appeared a few feet in front
of Kiyone and Mihoshi.  Slowly, the beams of light took on the character
shapes of the people that were being transported.  Two of them resembled
giant cylinders while the third assumed the shape of a small woman.  Once
the transport was complete, a small red haired woman stood before Kiyone and
Mihoshi.  Behind her were two wooden logs, each bearing a single gem that
served as their eye.  One had a red gem while the other had a blue gem.  The
two logs also had their names etched on their side in Juraian text.
        "Hello.  My name is Little Washu," the small woman said.
        "Greetings.  I am Special Agent Kiyone.  It is a pleasure to have
you on board honorable representative of Jurai," Kiyone said as she bowed
formally.
        "Representative?" Washu asked.
        "You are the Juraian representative, right?" Kiyone asked.
        "Who me?  I'm not really a representative.  In fact, I'm not even
from Jurai.  I'm Washu, the greatest scientist in the universe."
        "Your not from Jurai?" Kiyone asked.
        "Nope.  I'm an Ankaran.  You could say my race is a far cousin to
the Juraian race."
        "But I was told two Juraian representatives were coming," Kiyone
said.  She was beginning to wonder if this entire mission was some sort of
setup.
        "And they will.  But first we have to check the room," Washu said.
She then turned to the two logs behind her.  "All right you two!  Get
started!"
        "Right!" both of the logs said.  They then began to emit a series of
light beams around the room.
        "What are those, Kiyone?" Mihoshi whispered.
        "Guardians, I think.  They serve to protect high-ranking members of
the Jurai government.  They are said to be very powerful and protective of
their master," Kiyone whispered to Mihoshi.  Even she was surprised by their
presence.
        "The room is safe," one of the Guardians said.
        "I confirm," the other replied.
        "Thank you Azaka and Kamidake.  Tell 'representative' Ayeka that she
can transport over," Washu said as she made her way to the side of the room.
        "Yes ma'am," both Guardians said.
        A few moments later, two specs of light appeared between the
Guardians.  Slowly they took shape and materialized before Kiyone and
Mihoshi.  The first one appeared to be as large as Washu.  She was around
the age of eight and had long blue hair that was tied on both ends.  She
wore a kimono that was highly decorated.  On her forehead was a small
triangle symbol.
        The second person appeared to be a twenty-year-old girl with long
purple hair.  Her hair was tied along the back in two ponytails.  Her robes
were far more elegant and highly decorated than the first.  From what Kiyone
knew, the robes this one girl wore showed that she was a very high-ranking
official of the Juraian court.  She also appeared to wear a wooden crown.
        "Greetings.  My name is Lady Ayeka from the nobles of Jurai.  This
is my sister, Sasami," the girl with purple hair said.
        "Hello," Sasami said as she waved to Kiyone and Mihoshi.
        "Hi," Mihoshi said enthusiastically.
        Kiyone quickly elbowed Mihoshi in the side.  "Be quiet," she
whispered to Mihoshi.  She then turned to Ayeka.  "I am Special Agent Kiyone
of the Galaxy Police and this is First Class Detective Mihoshi.  We have
been sent here to escort you through the Sol System."
        "I thank you.  Tell me, who was responsible for discovering that
signal?" Ayeka asked
"It was Mihoshi," Kiyone said, pointing to her partner.
Ayeka turned to Mihoshi.  "You were the one who located Funa-Ho's signal?"
"I guess so," Mihoshi said nervously.
"It seems that the Royal Family is in debt to you then.  We have searched
for that ship for some time but could never find it.  You have helped the
Juraian government in more ways than one," Ayeka said as she bowed to
Mihoshi.
        Kiyone's eyes opened wide with surprise.
        "Well, it wasn't any trouble, really.  It just sort of happened,"
Mihoshi laughed.
        "I see," Ayeka said.
        "Um.  Yes.  Well, I was hoping that we could go over some things
before we headed into the Sol System," Kiyone stuttered.
        "Very well," Ayeka said.
        "Is it okay if I look around the ship while your talking?" Sasami
asked.
        Kiyone thought over this request.  Technically, it was formal for a
tour of the ship to be given, but Kiyone was unsure about letting Juraians
wander through Yagami's halls.  "Well.  That is-"
        "I'll show you around!" Mihoshi shouted.
        "Really?" Sasami asked happily.
        "Mihoshi!" Kiyone growled.
        "Aw.  Come on.  Its not like it's going to do us any harm.  Besides,
I can keep a eye on her," Mihoshi said.
        "Please, Miss Kiyone," Sasami pleaded.
        Kiyone succumbed to Sasami's plea after a few seconds of silence
passed.  "Oh very well.  Just keep an eye on her, Mihoshi."
        "No problem!" Mihoshi cheered.  She then turned to Sasami.  "Come
on.  I'll show you around," Mihoshi said as she extended out her hand.
        Sasami quickly ran to Mihoshi and took her hand.  The two of them
then exited the room.  As they disappeared, Kiyone begged the universe that
Mihoshi would not mess up.  The last thing they needed was Juraian peeking
into their communications network or sabotaging the ship.
        "Well.  Shall we get started?" Washu asked.
        Kiyone nodded in approval.
        "Allow me," Washu said.  She then raised her hands in the air as if
she was ready to type something.  A moment later, a transparent computer
appeared in front of her.  Washu then began to input a number of commands
into the computer. After the commands had been placed into the computer,
Washu snapped her fingers in the air.  "There we go."
A small conference table materialized in the room the next moment, along
with three chairs.  Kiyone took a seat at one end while Ayeka took a seat on
the other side.  Washu took a seat along the side of the table.
"Lady Ayeka.  I was hoping that you could fill me in on a few things.  A lot
of people I represent would like to know how one of your ships managed to
get so deep within our territory and why it is here," Kiyone stated.
        "I understand.  I've been given full permission by the Royal Family
to aid you in this.  Truthfully, we do not know how the ship came here.
Professor Washu is here to determine that," Ayeka said.
        "Hey!  How many times do I have to tell you to call me Little
Washu!" Washu shouted angrily.
        "Right," Ayeka groaned
        "Lady Ayeka.  I need to know everything about this pilot.  I know he
was a high-ranking official since he commanded a battleship.  His battleship
also put out more energy then the standard Jurai battleship did when it
died, meaning he was not just some renegade commander," Kiyone stated.
        Ayeka's jaw dropped in surprise.  She did not anticipate that Kiyone
would no so much about Juraian ships.
        "Impressive.  I can see why they selected you," Washu said.
        "I volunteered.  Now what can you tell me about this pilot," Kiyone
said.
        Ayeka took in a deep breath.  "Three Juraian years ago, the pilot in
question was accused of killing a noble in the Royal Courts.  He managed to
escape custody and penetrate into your space.  I can only assume he came
here to hide away."
        "So you're saying that we are dealing with a Juraian criminal?"
Kiyone asked in surprise.
        "Not really.  A few factions in the Royal Court, including the Royal
Family, believe that the pilot, Yosho, is innocent.  Although we have no
real proof, we know Yosho is an honorable man who would not commit such a
crime unless the situation demanded.  I am hoping to find out exactly what
happened that night and return him to Jurai," Ayeka explained.
        "How do you know he will not attack us?"
        "As long as I am with you, he will not attack."
        "Are you sure?"
        "I swear upon my blood that he will not attack me or the people
around me.  In Jurai customs, there is no greater promise to the truth then
to swear upon one's own blood," Ayeka stated.
        Kiyone began to remember this as well.  Juraians took oaths very
seriously.
        "Well, with that said.  Perhaps we should get underway," Washu said.
        Both Ayeka and Kiyone turned to Washu.
        "The more time we waist here, the longer it will take to get this
job done.  I for one have a million experiments I'm still working on back on
Jurai, and I'd like to get back to them," Washu stated.
        "All right," Kiyone agreed.  She then pulled out her wrist
communicator.  "Yagami.  Set a course for Earth.  Have Yukanojo follow us."
        "Yes Kiyone.  Shall I also inform the Jurai Cruiser?" Yagami asked.
        "That won't be necessary.  I have told Ryo-Oh to follow this ship,"
Ayeka said.
        Kiyone was about to ask how Ayeka told Ryo-Oh when she noticed a
part of Ayeka's crown glow and then fade.  It took her a moment to realize
that the crown was actually a key used to control the Juraian vessel.  "Lady
Ayeka has already told her ship," Kiyone said to Yagami.
        "Very well.  Course is set.  Estimated time to destination is
fifteen galactic hours at present speed," Yagami said.

        Over the world known as Corupula, a Juraian station hovered the
planet.  Its characteristics were like that of a Juraian ship; smooth and
elegant planks of wood surrounding a giant oval command center.  The only
difference between a ship and the base was the fact that the base was
symmetrical and far larger then any battleship.
        Slowly, a single Jurai battleship entered one of the base's main
hangars.  As it did, several vines within the station appeared from the
walls of the hangar and wrapped themselves securely around the ship.  A few
of the vines began to pump nutrients to the ship so that it could recharge
itself.
        In a large room that overlooked the hangar, troops began to lineup
along the hall as they awaited the arrival of their guests.  Among the
Juraians there were Toshiaki and Haruka.  Both of them stood in front of the
large group of troops.  Patiently, they waited for their master's arrival.
        After several moments of tension had passed, a dark noble appeared
before them.  He was dressed in green and white robes that bore the
decorations of a noble of Jurai.  Slowly, he looked over the soldiers and
admired the strength and resolution he saw in their eyes.
        Slowly, Toshiaki stepped forward.  "My lord.  We have been awaiting
your arrival."
        "Indeed.  You have done well.  I take it that all these men are
loyal to me," the dark noble said.
        "All of them have sworn upon their blood, as well as the others who
man this station."
        "Very good.  Then I believe it is time to introduce the one who will
resolve our difficulties," the noble said.  He then snapped his fingers in
the air.  Quickly a figure materialized behind the noble.
        "What is it?" Toshiaki said in surprise as he looked at the figure
behind his master.  For him, it looked like a humanoid shaped robot covered
in black armor.  Even its face was nothing more than a black obsidian oval
glass plate.  For Toshiaki, it looked like something that came out from the
darkness of space.
        "A Warrior.  A unit designed to kill all the enemies of Jurai.  One
of many built in a project to create a new breed of killing machines," the
noble explained.
        It took a moment for Toshiaki to remember the project his master
spoke of.  From his knowledge, the Warrior Project was used to create
soldiers to fight in the Great War.  Unfortunately, the project was still in
its prototype stage when Galaxy Police ships had destroyed the station.  All
fifty prototypes were said to be lost.  Apparently, this was partially true.
        "This is TCX-149.  The only Warrior left in the galaxy.  You could
say I salvaged it from the ruins.  However, I believe it will solve our
problems," the noble said.
        "How?" Toshiaki asked.
        "Simple.  Taking on the disguise of a pirate, it will infiltrate the
Sol System and destroy all ships in the vicinity.  TCX-149 can then retrieve
the keys we need," the noble explained.
        "But what makes you think that this thing will be successful?"
Haruka asked.
        The noble gave a wicked smile.  "I'm sure that a unit that is
capable of assonating the Emperor and his queen ten years ago is capable of
handling a few Galaxy Police Officers and Juraians," he laughed.
        As if on cue, TCX-149 raised one hand straight out into the air.  As
its hand closed into a fist, a sword of energy formed.  "Death to all who
oppose the new Emperor!" a cold robotic voice said.

To Be Continued.............

        The plot thickens and secrets are discovered as Ayeka, Sasami,
Mihoshi, and Kiyone venture to Earth and try to discover the truth of what
happened to Yosho.  What caused him to leave Jurai?  Is he a criminal?  Is
he a murderer?  What danger must the group face and who must be sacrificed?
Answers are revealed in the third episode of this eight part series, "Truth
Revealed".

Author's note:  Well, this is the second installment of my Tenchi version,
"Tenchi's Life".  I hope you liked it.
