"Tenchi Saga 4: Visions of the Future"
by: frogboy@tokyo-3.com
(c)2001

	Metal objects waited in long lines stretching thousands of miles.  Several 
dull flames flowed like water in all directions from a deep gash in one of the 
metallic titans.  In the distance, flashing white lights ignited.  The lights 
came on in a quick, wave-like pattern.  Small white orbs were drawn toward a 
glowing, metal cone on the front piece of one of the large, shiny beasts.  The 
legion of others followed suit.  All the action came to an abrupt stop.  Far 
deeper into the blackness of space were many unorganized, small, red ships.  The 
ships were very similar to Kiyone's police vessel.  The red metal titans 
progressed toward the line of ships affront the Earth.  The silence ended with 
millions on white lines streaking across the dark abyss.  Perfectly round, 
orange, spheres illuminated the darkness.
"Why won't they accept our peace treaty?" a man yelled at his console.  His face 
was of a strange, unearthly texture and a brownish-cream color.  Two deep brown 
stripes stretched from both sides of his odd façade.  His image was that of a 
wolf and a lion mixed into a gentle beast.
"Please!" he yelled into a phone on his desk, "I want no more bloodshed 
profaning the stillness of space."
"Look, we want the same thing as you, but the current battle will never end!" a 
strong, female voice emoted calmly from the phone, "If our men retreat, then 
yours have time to attack them, and vice-versa."
"We must retreat both troops at once, then!" the man yelled into his receiver.
"But, the troopers always fire many shots in response to others' attacks.  The 
battle is not between us any more, but among the individual soldiers."
"I can't stand it any longer!  My army will retreat, now, regardless of your 
consent.  If you have any honor, you will order your men away from killing any 
innocent soldiers."
"I see.  This is your choice.  I will act in accordance with your decision."
"Soldiers!" the weary man called into another receiver, "Retreat at once, that 
is an order."
"But sir," an oriental man entered the room, "My legion has expertise in space 
combat, sir, I am confident in their skills.  Let them fight longer.  If we give 
up now, our rations will never improve.  People will die either way.  One way is 
with honor, the other, without."
"Get out of my office, Taolin, you were the start of most of the previous 
problems."
"...but, sir!"
"Out!  We can't take any chances with two princesses on the battlefield!"
"Yes, sire."
	The air was laden with dust, slowly settling.  Nobuyuki's eyes were locked 
onto the ceiling vacantly.  Ryoko picked herself up from the soiled ground.  Her 
eyes remained focused on the figure in the dust.  Her body was in an attack 
stance, always vigilant.  Aeka was overwhelmed with confusion.  The dust started 
spiraling around on the floor, as if possessed by an unknown force.  The 
princess of Jurai rolled over onto her exposed abdomen and pushed upward with 
her hands.  She stood up beside her demonic counterpart.  Nobuyuki climbed to 
his feet and glanced over from the freckle-faced girl to his father-in-law.  
Yosho watched her with a smile upon his face.  Mihoshi rolled up into a seated 
position and gazed at the figure intently.  Kiyone arose from the ground holding 
the side of her shirt.  Kai panned around the area searching for Washu, who was 
nowhere to be found.  Father offered his hand to Tenchi, who gladly accepted it 
and took to his feet.  And, Toshimi jumped up from the ground with great energy 
and looked over at Mihoshi and Kiyone.
"Doctor, do you hear me?" a distant voice was floating through Sasami's mind.
"Yes, ma'am, I can hear you," a male voice called back from within the young 
Juraian's psyche.
"Good," the voice from afar responded, "I want you to get me Washu and Tenchi.  
It is necessary for my survival!  If I don't get them within the next week, you 
will undergo the most horrible of my tortures."
"Lady, please..."
"I want to hear no more of your voice, get in there and find her."
"But, milady, Washu is probably dead.  Our ships landed on her.  She was trapped 
in by Koshima."
"Oh, I understand, but godlike entities do not die.  She can be revived.  You 
must find the right person to save her."
"Is this person here?"
"Yes, he is."
"Thank you, Lady, I will serve you."
More airborne dust settled on the broken furniture.  The smiling sister of Aeka 
stepped completely from the crashed vehicle.  Ryoko's legendary cabbit sat 
patiently on Tenchi's head.
"...Sasami!" Aeka yelled before starting toward her sister.  A hand reached out 
and grabbed the back of Aeka's dress.  The princess's eyes turned to see who had 
grabbed her and saw the face of Ryoko.  She didn't look like she did so many 
years ago.  Her face revealed weakness, a face that Aeka had seldom seen.  
Tenchi glanced over at the two girls.  He knew that they weren't complete 
enemies.  After all they had been through, how could they possibly be against 
one another.  Tenchi, then, turned his head toward Mihoshi, who was leaning up 
against Kiyone's arm.
"Aeka... I've found you!" Sasami called while running toward Aeka.  Aeka pulled 
her dress from Ryoko's grip and fell to her knees.  Sasami ran into her extended 
arms.
"Oh, Sasami, why have you come?  I ran away from Jurai.  Have you come to return 
me?" Aeka's eyes shimmered with tears.
"No, I ran from home to be with you..." Sasami clenched tighter around Aeka's 
neck.
"I am sorry I left.  I couldn't take any more of Mother's ordinance.  I had to 
leave before I was forced to do anything against my will."
"Well, I found you, that is all that matters.  We are all back together again." 
Ryo-ohki leapt from Tenchi's head onto the ground beside the princesses.
"Meow, meow," the fuzzy creature called with a sullen tone.  Sasami crawled out 
of Aeka's arms to massage the fluffy cat-ship.  The elder sister still stayed in 
her position staring blankly at the opposite wall.  She was puzzled as to why 
Sasami would just leave her here like this.  Ryoko turned her head to look at 
Tenchi.  He no longer had the image of the demon's husband; he now appeared to 
be a bachelor as he had been several years ago.  She couldn't understand her 
feelings.  Tenchi no longer had the appeal he once had, but instead merely 
possessed a boyish charm.  Aeka turned to observe Ryoko's gaze.  She, then, 
crawled toward Sasami and whispered something to her that was inaudible to those 
around.  Her eyes were still intent upon Ryoko.  Ryoko was looking at Tenchi's 
odd expression toward Aeka.  The space pirate's eyes turned toward Aeka.  A 
common vision locked them both together.  Several seconds of silence passed.
"Aeka, I am confused!" Mihoshi interjected.
"That isn't unusual," Kiyone thought while emitting a laugh.
"Well, anyway, I was wondering why you didn't just marry Yosho, doesn't he like 
life on that planet with you?" Mihoshi continued ignoring Kiyone's small laugh.  
Aeka looked down at the ground as her face changed a deep red.  Yosho averted 
his eyes toward the ceiling.
"...," Aeka stared at the floor trembling.
"Why, I bet if Yosho was here right now, he would be dying to have you."
"...I don't know..." Aeka mumbled awkwardly.
"What don't you know?"
"Just shut up, Mihoshi," Kiyone clenched her teeth as she whispered to Mihoshi.  
Kiyone's hands covered Mihoshi's mouth.
"Look, Aeka, I know I haven't told you the whole story, but..." Yosho waited 
several seconds before saying this.
"Tell me, Yosho!" three spots appeared on the floor beneath Aeka's eyes.
"...yes, of course... but I'd rather wait for..."
"No!  Please, I must know!"
"Well, Aeka, here is the story.  Sad, but true.  You see, when I was back on 
Jurai, I spent many hours studying theology with Funaho.  I came back every 
night and while we studied, I thought of what our marriage was going to be like.  
One day, I told Mother that I wasn't going to be able to study that day.  She 
accepted this and allowed me to go meet my friend at the GP center.  My friend 
worked for the GP base and was the first and only placement from Earth to Jurai.  
We went out onto the bridge so that I could show him all that I would soon own.  
I pointed toward the stars from the inside of the airlock.  He smiled at me and 
said, 'I want to rule along side you.'  I knew he could not, and he probably did 
as well.  Despite this, I invited him as the 'guest of honor' to Startica that 
summer.  Unbeknownst to us, the Earth federation had been leading an embargo on 
Jurai and was amidst a heated war.  The GP squad was therefore on the lookout 
for any Earthlings that could be spies.  They found this friend of mine and beat 
him with their metal posts.  I couldn't understand this action.  It was so odd 
that they would start attacking all of the sudden.  I couldn't stand it.  I had 
to watch them slowly beat the life out of Rikima. I had to seek vengeance on his 
killers, so I attacked them.  I killed four of them before being restrained.  
Then, I ran to the airlock.  The men were chasing me until I detached the main 
corridor from the Embassy.  With an awesome explosion, thousands of Juraians 
died.  Due to the damage I had caused, I was exiled from Jurai.  I was told to 
head to any location in the universe that was at least two parsecs from Jurai, 
so I chose Earth.  My mind told me to come here.  I expect to find Rikima's 
brother, Koshima.  I didn't expect to find any of you... not that it isn't a 
pleasure reuniting us again."
"I understand, Yosho, but now I have no desire to wed you..." Aeka started, 
still crying, "...no offense."
Aeka said the last part in a deeper, more confident tone.  She wiped the tears 
from her face and stood up.  Ryoko and Yosho smiled at her newfound optimism.
"Well, everyone, you must've had a hard day," Sasami smiled happily, "I think 
I'll start dinner."
Everyone turned toward her and smiled with utmost glee.  One large plate in the 
ceiling collapsed onto the floor.
"Hey, Kiyone, would you like a job?" Nobuyuki eyes glistened, "I'll pay good 
cash if you pick up this mess."
The members of the house dissipated to separate rooms.  Most traveled to the 
kitchen to talk.  Kai remained in the living room.  His feet guided him toward 
the pile of rubble.  Frantically, he began tearing away pieces of stone from the 
immense mound.  Only a few stones gave way to the glasses-wearing scientist's 
frail hands.  Eventually, however, he managed to reveal a thick lock of pink 
hair.
"Hmmmm... I wonder who that could be?" Kai thought to himself.  His inner-
sarcasm wasn't enough to appease his humor at this point.
	The kitchen was slowly becoming more and more clean due to the assistance 
of Kiyone.  No one occupying the room seemed to notice her help, though.  Aeka 
sat at the far end of the table, shivering with her towel clenched tightly 
around her.  At the opposite end was Tenchi, whose eyes were closed and head 
pointed toward the ceiling.  He ran through his hair.  Yosho and Nobuyuki sat 
across from one another, playing a game of Shogi.  Toshimi was staring from 
across the table at Tenchi.  His eyes were shining oddly.  Mihoshi was siting at 
the table, fast asleep.  Her mouth moved to form different words while she 
slept.  Teal eyes twinkled while viewing the blonde's childish methods.
"Never surrender a Dragon," Yosho glanced up from the board to see Nobuyuki's 
sweaty face.
"Yeah, but it left your pawn in check... heh, heh," Nobuyuki replied 
sarcastically, trying to avoid the tense game.  The stairs creaked only twice, 
while soft feet touched them.  A noise that was familiar to the crew at the 
Masaki house sounded.  Ryoko appeared behind Tenchi.  Aeka's eyes moved from the 
ground to watch Ryoko.  She clenched her dress around herself tighter with her 
arms crossed in front of her.  A finger tapped gently on Tenchi's shoulder.  He 
knew it was Ryoko's, but found it odd that she no longer leaped violently onto 
his back and swung him around like before.  He seemed to miss those days.  He 
returned from his state of nostalgia to realize that she must've been tapping 
for some reason.  Reluctantly, he climbed up from his seat.  Ryoko grabbed his 
arm and squeezed it firmly.  He followed her out of the kitchen.  Puzzlement was 
about Aeka's mind.  Her chair slid away from the table.  She hunched over within 
her towel and used her hands to lift herself from the seat.  Aeka walked to the 
corner of the kitchen and seized a broom.  She held it with one hand and her 
dress with the other.  Slowly, she swept some of the debris on the floor into a 
pile of Kiyone's.  The jade-haired Galaxy Policewoman smiled as she saw the 
princess's helpfulness.  She noticed Aeka's ineptness to manual labor, but she 
was glad that she was trying.  Kiyone felt compassion overtake her as she saw 
Aeka's awkward working.  A satin belt around Kiyone's waist untied.  She walked 
up to Aeka from behind and pulled the belt taut.  Pushing both hands forward, 
Kiyone managed to get the rope around the Juraian.  Aeka was startled by Kiyone.  
Her eyes widened, but she did not make any abnormal breaths.  Kiyone secured the 
belt in front of Aeka's stomach and released.  Slowly, the princess's frail hand 
moved from her dress to get a better grip on the broom.  They both paused 
several seconds.  Kiyone then recommenced her work.
"Thank you," Aeka said slowly and hesitantly as Kiyone was walking away.
	A darkened room illuminated with a brightly contrasting light.  The demon 
entered, holding Tenchi by the arm.  The door to the room closed, restoring the 
darkness.
"Tenchi..." a slowly mumbling voice called, "...why?  I don't understand?"
The room became lit instantly.  Tenchi's free hand was on the light switch.
"Ok, now... what don't you understand?" Tenchi swallowed the saliva built up in 
his throat.
"Why, Tenchi?  You loved me, didn't you?  I loved you, too.  I wanted to be with 
you," Ryoko ranted wildly, overcome with sadness.
"I didn't mean to make you sad.  I needed time to think.  I only intended to 
leave for a little bit.  With all the things that happened, I couldn't return 
home.  Then you came to see me.  I was overjoyed that I could see you again, but 
with all the other girls around, I want to spend some time catching up.  Do you 
understand?"
"Tenchi..."
"We are still married in our minds.  We can still be together."
"What do you mean, 'in our minds'?  We aren't married?"
"Well, Ryoko, when I left, I could have returned to still be yours, but since we 
both fled from Tokyo, we would be classified as escapees, potential Juraian 
spies."
"So, this is all caused by Jurai's war with Earth?"
"Yes, so much has been caused by that war."
"Well," Ryoko's tears were opposed by a smirk, "I suppose that stupid princess 
has caused yet another disaster."
Tenchi realized that Ryoko was back to her good old self.  She was still able to 
fly around and tease Tenchi.  There was still a downside.  Now that Ryoko had 
what she wanted, there was no reason to fight over him any more.  Ryoko missed 
spiking volleyballs into Aeka's face and conjuring demons to destroy her.  
Though the battles seemed to only lead to the ultimate reward before, now, they 
seemed to have been the reward.  Ryoko had to try to make Aeka normal again.  It 
isn't any fun beating up people who have already injured themselves.  But how 
would she make Aeka happy again?
"Tenchi," Ryoko spoke softly, "I understand what you want.  You want things to 
be the way they were a year ago."
"Yes.  That is exactly what I want.  You were always so active and jumpy.  We 
had all sorts of fun together."
"So, Tenchi, you liked the adventures?"
"It was so difficult to accept.  I only realized how great the journeys were 
when they ended.  I loved those times."
"Yes, I knew you did!  We need to find trouble."
"No, wait a minute.  Just because I said I liked them, doesn't mean that we 
should look for them.  I'm sure we can wait a while."
"Yeah, I guess," Ryoko raised her eyebrow at Tenchi, "but for now, we need to 
find out what is bugging Aeka."
"What do you mean?"
"She came to Earth to flee from marriage.  We need to make her feel at home."
"Well, just act nice around her.  I'll bother her a bit.  Her frustration 
usually gets her mind off of her pain."
Ryoko thought back at times when she used this method to make Aeka happier.
"Well, Ryoko!  Let's bring back the good times!"
"Dinner!" a voice called.
"What did you say Tenchi?" Ryoko asked.
"What?" Tenchi opened the door to the room, "Oh, that wasn't me, it was Father."
"Hmmmm..." Ryoko thought as she emanated a dull noise, "Odd."
	Footsteps could be heard roaring in from every direction.  A small, 
effeminate hand placed alabaster dishes onto a wooden table.  The spike-haired 
demon flew from within the wall above the living room and landed mellifluously 
aside the table in a formal eating position.  Tenchi rushed downstairs and 
seated himself beside the demon.  Yosho was already seated at the head of the 
table.  An overwhelmingly pungent potpourri of scents filled the air of the 
household.  Next to arrive were Nobuyuki and Toshimi, who quickly seated 
themselves.  The blonde Galaxy Policewoman followed after in a blue leisure 
shirt.  She sat to the left of Toshimi, who was wearing a shirt displaying the 
exact same pop singer.  Sheepishly, Kiyone left a room upstairs in a heavy satin 
cloak.  It was amazingly comfortable and made it appear as if she were floating 
down the stairs.  Aeka stared at her from the kitchen as Kiyone threw back her 
gown and took a seat.
"Aeka, come sit down," Ryoko called in her unmistakable voice, "you'll miss out 
on all the miso soup."
Aeka sat in the kitchen and stared down at the table across the carpet.
"No thanks, I'm not hungry," Aeka's voice then lightened up by a tone, "but I 
will accompany you at the table."
Few people watched as she moved toward the table in her shortened, violet frock.  
She took a formal position next to Ryoko.
"Kai, come on, dinner!" Sasami called in an optimistic voice toward the ship.  A 
distant voice returned saying, "No, I'm not hungry now, but same me a little for 
later."
"Suit yourself," Sasami giggled and took her seat between Aeka and Nobuyuki.
Aeka looked over into her eyes.  No one else was noticing.  A flash of red 
pierced the younger princess's pupils.  It was so vivid and obvious to Aeka that 
she knew it wasn't an illusion.  Sasami's eyes were now vigilantly surveying the 
area as a sniper or a spy would.
"Let's eat!" called Yosho with a smile.  A pair of perfectly cylindrical 
chopsticks poked into a dish amidst the many others on the table.  It pulled a 
piece of fried tofu upward and into a widely opening mouth.
"Desh-lish-ioush," Yosho's loaded mouth made an utterance of the food's quality.  
Sasami accepted this barely audible complement and sample some of her own 
victuals.  Ryoko acknowledge the commencement of the meal and quickly dove her 
utensils into the decorative tableware.  She ate ludicrously, as would anyone 
rendered with such a comical expression.
"Boy, she is just attacking that food," Tenchi commented in the low, sardonic 
tone he occasionally uses.
"Yeah," Sasami looked childishly angry, "leave some for the rest of us!"
"...Mmmmm, but it is so good.  Sasami, you make the best," Ryoko's defined teeth 
were coated with an assortment of colors due to the miscellany of culinary 
delights, "Why aren't you having any, Aeka?"
Aeka was still staring  oddly at Sasami before realizing that she had been asked 
a question.
"Oh, me?" Aeka trembled, "Well, I'm not really hungry."
"Nonsense," Nobuyuki interjected, "I haven't seen you eat one bite since you've 
been here."
"I'm fine," Aeka said trying to rationalize her choice.
"But, seriously Aeka, you should try this miso soup.  It's really good," Ryoko 
said with a mouth full of food.
"Please, just leave me alone, I'm fine," Aeka called angrily initiating a short 
period of silence.
"This is really good, Sasami," Mihoshi smiled an enormous, optimistic smile, "It 
has been so long since we actually got to sit down and talk with other people, 
since Kiyone and I got this job.  You see we have to work all day for barely 
enough money to pay the rent on the house, so we might have to do some more 
part-time jobs if we want to eat something other than cafeteria food.  Kiyone 
won't let me go down to the public bath and talk to people because she thinks we 
won't have the money, but I am pretty sure we do.  But anyway, this is really 
good food.  I think it's the best food I have had in a long time.  So, Aeka, why 
don't you want this food.  It's delicious.  I'm sure you'd like it.  I don't 
understand.  You haven't eaten since you got here.  Are you trying to starve 
yourself?  Oh, I understand!  You're fasting, aren't you, for some Juraian 
religious thing?  Ok, well, I hope you don't get hungry just seeing this 
delicious food..."
Aeka's face turned red, but not with embarrassment, with fear.  She tipped her 
body sideways to allow her crossed feet to touch the ground.  Her arms pressed 
to the floor to try to hoist her up, but to no avail.  Tenchi's arm was around 
Aeka, keeping her at the table.  Ryoko gave a puzzled look at this action, but 
remembered that they had to help her.
"Mihoshi," Kiyone grumbled at the table's side, but it was not her ordinary 
groan.  This time, it was had a weak vibration to it, as would a voice of 
regret.
"Aeka," Tenchi spoke softly while Toshimi watched it like a good sitcom, "It's 
ok, you will be fine."
Tenchi's voice pierced into her mind.  It was not his words, but merely the 
sound of his gentle reassurance.  Memories flashed through her mind.  She 
trembled immensely while the members of the dinner surveyed her.  Her eyes 
opened to see a plate of rice affront her.  The white, adhesive pieces of grain 
formed small orbs.  Two wooden sticks were placed at either side of one of these 
clumps.  The sticks lifted slowly from the container and toward a slightly 
opened mouth.  Rice was placed onto a soft pink tongue.  Aeka chewed and 
swallowed this bite.  It was her first taste of food in quite some time and it 
made her feel angry with herself for not eating sooner.  The bland rice seemed 
to have an overpowering flavor, now, unlike any she'd ever tasted.  The members 
of the house returned to eating as if nothing had happened, despite how crucial 
an act this was for Aeka.  Tenchi smiled and continued eating.  Aeka again 
sampled a meager, but at least existent, amount of food.  Toshimi panned his 
vision across the table, as if he were suspicious of a murder in progress.  His 
eyes collided with Tenchi's in such a manner that a spark of lightning would 
have struck the ground if it were a television show.  Tenchi's brown eyes 
contracted to focus upon Toshimi's blue ones.  They were void of emotion or 
feeling. Impassively, Tenchi stared deeper into Toshimi's persona.  The surface 
of his body was the only vision that met Tenchi.  Toshimi's eyes looked oddly 
like Mihoshi's, except his pupils were a little different.  Tenchi could not put 
his finger on it, but he knew that there was something inhuman about them.  The 
pupils did not have an ordinary vertical ovular shape, but instead came to a 
point at both the top and bottom.  Toshimi was no longer looking at Tenchi, who 
still remained deep in thought.  Nobuyuki smiled as he saw Toshimi looking at 
him.  A smile was returned to Nobuyuki, setting Tenchi into reality, once again.
"I sense something strange in the winds," a voice met Tenchi's newly awakened 
ears, "I feel something grave is living in this house."
It was Grandpa, Tenchi turned to him, "What is it, Grandpa?"
"It is a force, revived from the dead.  It is trying to bring us together."
"So what is so bad about it?"
"Well, Tenchi, she wants to take our lives."
Ryoko continued eating, smirking at the nonsense that Grandfather was telling to 
Tenchi.
"She?" Tenchi sported a bewildered face, "...how do you know?"
"I see her face, it is strangely familiar."
"Huh?  Who is it Grandpa, who?"
"Her hair is tied into two strands flowing from her face, and her eyes are as 
black as the midnight sky."
"How do you know?  Where can you see her?  What is she here for?"
"Look at the picture on the wall to see her face."
Tenchi turned his head slowly, simply to reveal a piece of conceptual art on the 
back wall, composed of various colored dots and lines, forming an assortment of 
sea creatures.
"Tenchi!!" Yosho yelled aghast, "Turn around!!"
In the brown-eyed grandson's vision was a solid red surface with many curves and 
oddly flowing lines.  It had two sunken eye socket which were ornamented with 
black, needle-like eyes, bulging from within the crevice.  Two long red strands 
of odd textured flesh extended to the left and right of the horribly vile 
figure.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!" Tenchi let out a blood-curdling scream.  
Instantly, he leaped back from the table only to find that what was previously 
in his face was in actuality a crayfish.  A breath of air returned to his lungs 
in time enough for him to yell, "GRANDPA!!"
A horrendous laugh bellowed from within the Masaki household, shaking every 
object in the building.  Tenchi fell to the floor and joined in the laughter.  
The meal continued as would be expected, this meal seemed like an ordinary meal 
like the ones they used to have.  Leave it to Grandpa to lighten the mood.  
Eventually, the meal came to an end.  Empty bowls and plates decorated the 
surface of the table, which Sasami was putting away, quite efficiently.  The 
group slowly diverged into several different parties and went to watch 
television, read, and do other things to keep themselves occupied.
"We'll have to get going, now.  It is past eleven," a voice called from the 
doorway before Kiyone and Mihoshi gathered their items to leave.
"Have a restful night," Nobuyuki called from another room.
"You too," Kiyone and Mihoshi left the Masaki house with those words.
	"What now, Grandpa?" Tenchi stroked a hand through his hair, "What is 
going to happen to us?"
"Tenchi," Grandfather spoke, "you are confused, but this is not the beginning 
nor the end.  You must make sure all of the people of this house are safe.  Look 
after Aeka, Ryoko, Sasami, Mihoshi, Kiyone... and Washu."
"Grandfather," Tenchi was puzzled, "do you think Washu-chan needs my help?"
"She is trapped somewhere in her lab, I'd guess," Grandfather averted his eyes 
toward the floor beneath him, "Perhaps, you should assist Kai in searching for 
her."
"Good idea," Tenchi smiled.  The nimble boy leapt toward the wreckage and began 
sorting through the rubble.  Ryoko phased into existence a few inches behind his 
back and tapped incessantly upon his shoulder.  As Tenchi turned, he was greeted 
by Ryoko's bright smile, "What are you doing?"  Tenchi associated the voice 
Ryoko was using with the first time he'd ever met her, "Trying to find your 
mom."
"Who?  Washu?" Ryoko raised a brow, "I'm sure she'll fare well by herself."
"Ryoko, you should be helping, too," Tenchi tossed a fragment of mangled metal 
into a large pile a few feet beyond the end of the stairs, which was already 
quite step.  Aeka, meanwhile, stared intently upon a dramatic television 
program, which involved a semi-spherical blue woman falling in love with an orb-
shaped, green-colored man.  The two blobs of unknown substance locked one 
another in a deep, romantic, blissful kiss.
"It's... so... beautiful," Aeka cried, already over what had happened to her 
earlier.  Sasami sat to her right.
"Lady Tokimi," Dr. Clay's voice projected mentally through space, "Washu... is 
not giving off life signals."
"Clay!  Lady Washu, as you 'should' call her, can not die at any cost.  She 
knows not how to ascend.  We must keep her weak form in existence for now, do 
not forfeit my task," an ominous, yet beautiful, female voice bellowed from the 
heavens, as Dr. Clay felt a sharp pain seize his mind and stop a moment later.
"Yes, Lady Tokimi," Dr. Clay's mind returned to his true focus.
"Sasami," Aeka looked down at her rose-eyed sister, "I thought you loved this 
show.  You haven't been watching it at all."
"I don't know how much more of this I can stand," Dr. Clay voice impelled 
mentally.
"Aeka, I've just been too worried about Washu.  I think I'm gonna go help her 
out," Sasami smiled and rose from the couch.  The location above where Sasami 
rose was intersected by Oakiaru, Toshimi's ship, which hung a mere five feet 
from the floor.  As Sasami met with Kai, Ryoko and Tenchi, she began pulling 
away at the pile as well.  The young Juraian glanced at the demon, Ryoko.
"Zero," Dr. Clay reflected, "you were my greatest mistake.  I should've known 
that a perfect duplicate would've become this.  I suppose the body you're in 
is... rather... nice, though."
"Sasami," Ryoko called to Sasami who was staring blankly at the demon's body, 
"What are you doing?"
"Oh," Sasami shook her head from its locked position upon Ryoko's form and 
regained composure, "just helping Tenchi."
Ryoko squinted her eyes as though she suspected something, but made no actions 
upon this theory
"I... I..." Kai stuttered, "I've found her."
Tenchi hurried over to Kai's location.  Ryoko simply extended her neck to see.  
Sasami sped toward Kai along with Tenchi.  Washu's face emerged from the rubble.  
Coated with a partially solid sheath of blood, her body rolled from the debris.  
Kai quickly formed a floating, incorporeal computer affront himself and typed 
hysterically.  Small meters and pie charts filled to different levels as he 
scanned over her body.
"She's lost all life functions," Kai sighed and formed a bluish film over 
Washu's body to preserve her.
"Can you save her?" Sasami asked in a worried tone.
"I can try."
Toshimi stared from his seat on the couch and peered at the incident.
"Lady Washu," he whispered to himself before pausing a few moments and closing 
his eyes to fall asleep on the couch.
	The noisy bullet train passed for the last time that night, allowing 
silence to seize the cozy, little apartments.  Two tatami mats were set at the 
center of the main room's floor.  The aroma of sweetened green tea flowed 
through the stagnant airs of the apartment as the noise of slowly trickling 
water calmed the residents thereof.  Deep teal hair poured down the soft, smooth 
back of a well-built woman standing before the gentle waters of the shower.  
With her last ounce of strength, the tender woman pulled the curtains open, 
stepped beneath the shower's waters, and closed the curtain behind her.  As the 
warmth from the water collided with her flesh, she felt her body become even 
weaker, but the frailty was a trusting submission to the tranquilizing water.  
The woman's head began to feel light.  Her legs gave way, dropping her body to 
the shower's floor.  Her turquoise, glistening eyes closed to allow the rhythmic 
sensation of the shower head to take its effect on her body.  The massaging 
pleasure drifted across her body, up and down, crossing each tender location on 
her body.  Gradually, her body became enraptured by the unremitting downpour.  
The jade-haired lady's face flushed with a crimson bliss, as she let out a sigh 
of ecstasy.  An involuntary high-pitched moan tapered out as the water upon her 
body slowly died away.  Her emerald eyes hesitantly opened.  As her eyes met 
reality once more, they were greeted by a pair of glowing sapphire eyes looking 
passionately back at her.  Blonde hair flowed down onto her body as the blue-
eyed girl neared her.
"Kiyone," the azure-eyed girl sighed with joy while her hand slid downward.
"Mi... Mihoshi," Kiyone felt Mihoshi's hand stroke her body.  Instantly, she was 
taken away by an ultimate pleasure-an explosion of fervor concentrated into a 
single moment.
	Suddenly, Kiyone awakened.  Across from her vision slept her assistant in 
Galaxy Police, who was drooling on her pillow and positioned awkwardly across 
her sheets.  Kiyone feebly lifted herself from her mat and walked to Mihoshi.  
Kiyone knelt at her side and tucked Mihoshi securely into her sheets.  Groggily, 
Kiyone headed back toward her tatami mat.
"Kiyone?" a voice met her ears.
"Yes?" she responded, standing still at her mat's edge.
"I can't sleep..." Mihoshi's voice sounded much more serious than usual.
"Do... do... you need something?"
"There is something bothering me."
"What is it?"
"I don't know, Kiyone, but I feel it within me."
"I know what that's like."
"Sometimes I just..." a buzzing noise interrupted Mihoshi.  She reached blindly 
behind her and tapped a button.
"Kiyone, Mihoshi!" a voice roared from Mihoshi's transceiver, "I couldn't get a 
hold of Toshimi, so I called you.  I'm glad you finally answered."
"Sure, what do you need?" Mihoshi responded firmly.
"Yes, what is it?" Kiyone replied.
"Well, I finally got a patch through.  It was impossible before, due to the 
battle in space.  I need you two and Toshimi to scout a new sector of space to 
see if it is yet inhabited."
"We'll be right on it," Kiyone said, "first thing in the morning."
"Ok, you both do that, and don't forget to bring Toshimi... it is about time the 
lazy guy actually did something with his time."
Kiyone did not identify the voice of the man across the receiver, "This isn't 
Taolin, is it?"
"No, he was demoted recently.  The poor guy was shocked... and... if you don't 
want the same, than I suggest you complete this task, post haste."
"Ok, I'll take care of it.  By the way, what is your name?"
"Oh, Tye Brendan.  Just remember to get that job done.  I trust that you'll do 
that.  I gotta go, take care."
His voice faded away.  Mihoshi dropped a salute that she had previously sported 
and sat back down onto her sheets.  Kiyone walked toward the kitchen for some 
rice.  She passed a small digital clock reading, "3:14."
"I should be asleep," Kiyone thought, "if I expect to wake up that early."
"Well, I guess I can't get back to sleep, now," Mihoshi pouted.  Kiyone opened 
the refrigerator and took out a sealed box of rice.  Lifting the plastic 
covering, she tossed it into the microwave.  She pressed a few buttons and the 
rice began to heat, "Why can't you sleep?"
"You know me, after I wake up," Mihoshi's voice was rather groggy, "I just can't 
get back to..."
The blonde-haired private's voice seemed to drift away and soon merged with the 
gentle hum of nighttime city life.  Kiyone took her rice from the microwave and 
released a sigh.  She opened a drawer and seized a pair of chopsticks.  Weakly, 
she pushed bites of food into her mouth, "That girl... she's so hopeless."
Kiyone giggled to herself and then thought of her dream.  Her face tightened 
with anger.  She wondered how she could've had such thoughts about Mihoshi.  
Without giving it further thought, she stared out of her apartment window toward 
the great city of Tokyo.  Thanks to Washu's teleportation capabilities, it 
wasn't hard for Kiyone and Mihoshi to rejoin the group, when in need.  Washu, 
however, seemed to bear odd feelings toward Mihoshi.  Kiyone thought that Washu 
didn't like Mihoshi for some reason.  Suddenly, Kiyone visualized Mihoshi 
grandfather, the marshal.  The teal-eyed woman slowly closed her eyes to recall 
how she first met the Masaki house.  It was after Mihoshi decided to stay with 
Tenchi permanently.  Kiyone recalled being demoted to Mihoshi's status and 
forced to join her and the Masaki house:
	"Kiyone," a voice called to her in her mind.  It was the judge at her 
hearing so many weeks ago, "are you aware that you caused thousands of Juraians 
to meet their deaths without a chance in hell of survival?!"
"Sir, I was just doing what I thought would be..." Kiyone remembered how weakly 
she spoke, always fearing those of higher social status than her.  She wished 
she could've been a bit stronger.
"What you thought," the judge interrupted Kiyone's voice, "caused the death of 
many of Jurai's nobles.  Why would you deliberately defy one of the council's 
direct orders?  Did you feel that your decision would be better for Jurai?"
"Your honor, I just..." Kiyone recollected the sheer confusion in that room.  It 
often caused her to stutter, "I... I... I thought that I could make it without 
damaging... the... the..."
"Never mind," the judge called sternly, "nonetheless, your decision to 
purposefully betray our orders has forced me to demote you to First Class 
private, and exile you to the remote planet, Earth.  I'm afraid your records 
will have to be destroyed along with this action of yours."
Kiyone saw herself weeping at her table before the judge.
"Be gone," the mighty voice boomed in her head as she envisioned her transport 
to Earth and realized that she'd never be able to see her parents or siblings 
again.  She wished she'd said a formal "goodbye."  All she recalled was a 
simple, "See you later," which never happened.  Kiyone looked down at her bowl.  
She had eaten the rest of her rice while visualizing her life events that 
brought her to this planet.
"Why me...?" Kiyone collapsed to the floor and cried herself into a sorrowful 
rest.
	The crickets chirping from outside of the Masaki house were barely audible 
through the confines of Kai's paraspace lab, which was not nearly as 
sophisticated as Washu's subspace lab.  The image of a human heart hovered 
barely above a metal panel covered with an electronic green grid.  Half of the 
heart was a dull green color.  The other half was a bright green tone, which was 
slowly covering more and more of the heart as small, holographic pixels drifted 
onto the scanner.  Three yellow bars fluctuated, periodically, marking the 
procedures many variables.
"Fifty-eight percent," a voice drowsily droned on as Kai's face came into focus, 
lying on a hovering computer panel.  Tenchi lay at the opposite side of the 
small lab, half-asleep on a small set of levitating pillows, "How many more?"
"Liver, a lung, a kidney, and then I'll try to recover Washu's missing memory," 
Kai slowly spoke.
"How long will that take?" Tenchi's voice seemed to slowly fade.
"Another seven hours," Kai noticed a clock displaying the time: "3:27"
"I'll stay with you, until Washu is back," Tenchi said, "I was wondering."
"What?"
"Well, will Washu be back to her full form?"
"I'm sure she'll have a few inconsistencies, but she will be pretty much back to 
normal."
"That's good," Tenchi didn't know when, but he fell asleep on near Washu's body, 
suspended gently in a glass chamber.  Kai continued monitoring Washu's progress 
until six in the morning, when he decided to archive Washu's memory.
"Here goes nothin'," Kai spoke to himself as he hooked small receptacles to his 
temples and set himself into stasis in a chamber adjacent to Washu.  A large 
monitor displayed the progress of the memory binding from Kai to Washu.  
Apparently, the procedure involved transmitting neurons to Washu's brain and 
then using Kai's memories of Washu to reconfigure the axons and the dendrites in 
her mind.  It would take less time to accomplish this task with someone who knew 
Washu better, such as Tenchi, but since he was sleeping, Kai decided to do it 
himself.  The task would have the same consequence regardless of the occupants.  
Slowly, a pair of rose-colored eyes peered through the ethereal door to Kai's 
lair.  Following the eyes, were a set of long, blue masses of hair.  Sasami 
leapt into the chamber and looked examined the surroundings.  She noticed the 
procedure.
"Dr. Clay?" Tokimi's voice called, "I didn't break you out of Galaxy Police jail 
to sit there, complete your job."
"I'm not quite sure of what to do," Dr. Clay's voice floated toward the heavens.
"What do you mean?  I told you time and time again.  If our 'Frank' creation 
goes to waste, you'll be the one repaying for him with your life."
"Lady Tokimi, Sasami's memory is interfering with mine.  Frank's memory was 
interfering with him, as well."
"But he pulled through, right?  All I want you to do, is get those gems, and 
reinsert them into Washu's memory."
"I don't understand.  Why?"
"Don't you see, Dr. Clay?  Washu left her thoughts in those gems.  Why do you 
think she let her powers to..."
Tokimi stopped herself, "I cannot tell you this.  You are a mere scientist.  
Complete your task, and your debt to me will be repaid."
"Yes, Lady Tokimi."
Dr. Clay returned himself to Sasami's mind.  He looked over the room again and 
spotted Tenchi.  Sasami remembered that Tenchi liked to hold onto his sword, 
Tenchi.  She walked toward the sleeping body of her half-brother's grandson.  
The blue-haired girl moved flawlessly into a position over Tenchi.  Gradually, 
she pushed her hand into Tenchi's pocket.  Tenchi rolled onto his opposite side, 
pulling along Sasami's arm.  She winced, but managed to seize the sword.  Two of 
its gems were in place, but the other gem was missing.  She knew that Ryoko 
would have to have the gem.  Suddenly, the sword began to glow.  The blade cast 
Sasami across the room and into the wall.  Dr. Clay cried into the sky, "Lady 
Tokimi..."
"What is it this time you groveling, worthless, mass of moronic, mortal scum?" 
she spoke in a cynical voice.
"I can't touch Tenchi," Dr. Clay whined.
"Hmmm... it must sense you within the form," Lady Tokimi began considering the 
possibilities, "Well, you are in the form of a mighty goddess, just pray that 
the gems be cast upon Kai."
"I can do that?"
"I said it was possible, so it must be."
"Ok, then, Lady Tokimi, I'll take your word for it."
Dr. Clay again returned to his form.  Sasami rose to her feet and rubbed the 
back of her bruised head.  She walked toward the sword on the floor and stared 
down at it.  Concentrating deeply, she forced the sword to appear in the 
chamber, floating aside Kai.
"Good enough," Dr. Clay thought as the sword's memory slowly was sent across the 
channel along with Kai's.
"Now," Dr. Clay searched through Sasami's memory, "where is that last gem."
He scanned for a few seconds before discovering its possessor, "I see."
	Sasami leapt from the paraspace laboratory and walked into the main hall.  
She noticed that her sister had fallen asleep on the couch, leaving the 
television on a music channel.  Sasami took time to marvel over the lovely, 
popular music being sung on the television, before walking toward the entrance 
hallway of the house.  Toshimi was resting on the opposite end of the couch.  He 
slowly opened an eye, just enough to see through his eyelashes, but not make it 
obvious that the eye was open.
"Heh, heh," Toshimi thought to himself, "when will she ever learn?"
Sasami walked out into the entrance hall and ascended the staircase therein to 
prevent herself from awakening others with her noise.  She mellifluously climbed 
the stairs and walked across the causeway toward Ryoko's room on the second 
floor.  Gently, she pushed the door that was already cracked, open enough to 
squeeze through.  Inside Ryoko's room, Sasami could not find Ryoko.  Puzzled, 
she pondered over what other places Ryoko might be in.
"I know," Dr. Clay recollected the fact that Ryoko liked to spend a lot of time 
in one of her greatest creations.  Sasami descended the staircase in the main 
room again, caring little about the noise that it was producing.
"Sa-" Aeka's eyes opened, "Sasami?"
Sasami stopped in her footsteps walking down the staircase.
"What are you doing?" Aeka whispered politely.
"I was just going to find Ryoko," Sasami realized she'd said too much.
"Why would you want to be with her?" Aeka tried to sober herself up after that 
long rest.
"I just wondered why she was up," Sasami giggled, "maybe we can spy on her."
"Ok, let's," Aeka grinned as she pulled herself from the couch, "I'll never be 
able to get back to sleep after that dream, anyway."
The two sisters met up and walked toward the front door.  The violet-haired 
princess gracefully opened the door for Sasami and herself.  They walked out 
into the foggy morning, which was dimly lit by the sun beneath a hill on the 
horizon.  The grass beneath their feet was soft and dew-covered.  Its dampness 
tickled between the bare-foot princess' toes.  Giddily, the two bounced forth 
toward the onsen.  Aeka was a tad confused by the position of the onsen.  If 
Ryoko didn't want people to be able to get in and out of the onsen, she could 
easily raise it into the air, above everyone's reach.  Now, however, Ryoko's 
onsen was at ground level, easily boarded.  Aeka and Sasami stepped into the 
main room of the barely-floating, hot springs building, where they were greeted 
by two doors.  The girls went through the "girl's" door where they prepared for 
the bath.  Sasami wrapped a towel around herself, unlike Aeka, who walked out 
into the dimly lit onsen's bath chamber.  A diffused gray color coated the glass 
in the onsen, prevent much light from seeping through.  The breaks in the 
ceiling were mended since the crash.  The warmth of the chamber almost made Aeka 
and Sasami forget why they were there.  While Aeka slipped down into the 
soothing, pleasant waters, Ryoko phased into existence before her.
"Ryoko!" Aeka leapt back, surprised, "how did you...?"
"I saw you coming," Ryoko shook her head and smiled, "but it's ok, stay here."
Sasami dropped into the pool's waters, wearing her towel tightly around her 
body.
"I think Washu is going to be ok," Aeka sparked conversation after a few 
seconds.  Ryoko slid down into a portion of the pool opposite Aeka, "It doesn't 
concern me."
"Well, Washu 'is' your mom," Aeka offered.  Sasami sat back, relaxing in the 
pool.
"Yeah, well she doesn't act like a good one," Ryoko defied her.  Suddenly, the 
demon was greeted with an odd sensation.  It felt as though she had a 'master', 
and that this master was nearby.  She looked around, before gazing upon Sasami.  
A strong force permeated from Sasami.  Ryoko's mind recalled Zero, her alter 
ego.  The mental force detected a force within Sasami.
"Dr. Clay?" Ryoko shouted at Sasami.
"What?!" Aeka shot, puzzled, "Where?"
Sasami forgot that she was actually on a mission.  Dr. Clay had gotten lost 
within Sasami's memories and had forgotten his reasoning for finding Ryoko.  
Abruptly, this returned to him.
"Ryoko," Sasami leapt to her feet, "I remember."
Aeka still sat in the water, with her jaw dropped and her eyes panning back and 
forth over the two of them.
"What do you want, Clay?" Ryoko produced an orb of energy over her hand.
"Washu needs your gem, so I've come to deliver it.  I just needed a body," 
Sasami spoke with the voice of Dr. Clay.  Aeka realized that Sasami was not 
herself.  Ryoko swung toward Sasami with her newly-created energy blade.  Sasami 
generated a wooden cylinder to protect herself, which Ryoko split with relative 
ease.  A mere split-second before Ryoko's power came into contact with the small 
princess's flesh, Aeka dove from the left and tackled Ryoko into the water.
"Ryoko!" Aeka yelled, "It is just Sasami.  If you destroy her body, then Dr. 
Clay won't die, only my sister!"
"Aeka, Dr. Clay is here to take my mother away.  I know it.  He still works for 
Tokimi!" Ryoko yelled.
"You cannot kill my sister.  I will not allow it," Aeka screamed back to her, 
disregarding her comment.  With a swift kick, Sasami pushed Aeka's body off of 
Ryoko.
"Lady Tokimi," Sasami yelled into the sky, loudly, "I need the power."
A blast of black energy shot down into Sasami's hands.  She squeezed lightly on 
the sphere of power, forming a black, energy sword.  The blade glistened in the 
air for a moment before colliding with the water, inches away from Ryoko's skin.  
The energy from the weapon seemed to absorb the water from the small space where 
it hit.  The flux from the attack caused a wave of energy to blast Ryoko 
backward.  The body of Ryoko landed at Aeka's feet.  The body appeared to be 
weak, only a few minutes from death.  Aeka could tell how powerful Lady Tokimi's 
weapon was by how much it hurt Ryoko.  Sasami floated several feet above the 
rippling surface of the water.  She slowly waved her hand in a small circle, 
which generated a long spear in her left hand.  The small girl brought back the 
jet-black spear of raw power and tossed it toward Ryoko's wounded, and 
motionless body.  Acting quickly, Aeka generate a sphere of force to block the 
attack.  The spear was about a meter from Ryoko before it was stopped in its 
place by Aeka's mental resistance.  The black javelin pushed with an unworldly 
force into Aeka's shield.  Frantic memories spun around in Aeka's mind to fuel 
the mental energy needed by the defensive globe.  She pictured Tenchi, and all 
that they'd ever been through.  The image of her moment with him in the woodshed 
appeared.  The time her body was revealed to him flashed into her mind.  Now, 
these thoughts seemed to be laughable, to her.  Her mind continued to conjure 
images of Tenchi.  The force began to fade away.  Her mind was not strong enough 
for this type of power.  The black energy grew into a greater form that appeared 
to form a large and mighty beast.  Its mouth opened like that of a dragon and 
shot toward the two girls.  Sasami was unable to be seen behind this wall of 
pure energy.  Aeka's mind slowly forgot of Tenchi and began thinking of her 
experiences with Ryoko, how they all seemed so trivial.  She wondered why she'd 
always been so much against Ryoko, but was now killing herself to save her.  She 
saw the battle with Kagato playing back in her mind.  Aeka saw how Ryoko was 
trying to protect her the entire time.
"I knew..." Aeka felt Ryoko's hand grab her own as Ryoko's voice came to the 
princess's ears, "...that you were... weak."
Aeka remained silent, quivering from the psychological energy striking against 
her.  They were now encompassed entirely by the black form, which sparked inward 
with red streams of power, where Aeka's mind failed in protecting the field of 
cerebral intensity.  Ryoko tightened her hold onto Aeka's hand, "Why wouldn't 
you be weak?  You were a princess..."
Ryoko's hold fed more strength to Aeka's mind, "I envied you for being so... 
wonderful... so... beautiful..."
Their essences blended, empowering the resistance against Tokimi's power, but 
the black entity strengthened even more.
Aeka opened her mouth to speak, but instead felt a message leave her mind and 
travel into Ryoko's, "You make me complete... you deserve Tenchi... so you must 
live."
Ryoko shuddered as she pushed all her strength into Aeka, "Don't you see?"
Ryoko's question eluded Aeka, who still pictured all the times that Aeka and 
Ryoko fought.
"I couldn't stand it.  I wanted everything you had..." a tear ran down Ryoko's 
bare chest, which began to illuminate with a divine power, "...and now I know 
that I just wanted to be with you."
"Ryoko," Aeka trembled, and continued to cry tears that poured down her body, 
"I... need... you."
Their energies increased, and their power seemed to match that of the mighty, 
dark weapon.  Both Ryoko and Aeka began to glow even brighter until all that was 
flesh were their faces.  Aeka spoke again, "Do you need... me, as much... as I 
need... you?"
Tears became energy, adding to the absolute immensity of their combined mental 
strength.  Ryoko spoke softly, breaking through the many flashing memories to 
face Aeka, "There is no need for Tenchi.  I need you."
Weakly, Aeka penetrated her unceasing remembrances to see Ryoko's face.  Her 
yellow eyes glistened with a white light, gleaming from within the sphere of 
protection.  Her powdery blue hair floated upward with a stream of blissful 
essence.  Her lips were opened a small amount and sparkling with light.  Ryoko 
stared back at Aeka with tears clouding her vision.  Aeka's amethyst hair was 
blown back by their collective force.  The princess's eyes were a dull rose 
color.  As Ryoko gazed deep into her Juraian eyes, a tear ran down Aeka's face.  
Aeka closed her eyes gently, and placed her arms around Ryoko's radiant body.  
Ryoko felt the princess's touch and embraced her as well.
"Aeka?" a voice came to her in her mind as she felt Ryoko's body against hers.
"Yosho," she heard herself, but did not speak, "I picked this for you."
Aeka saw herself hand Yosho the royal teardrop flower while standing in a large 
field.
"I'm sorry, Aeka, but this is only to be used for sad occasions," Yosho's voice 
returned to her.  An image of a falling tear shot through Aeka's mind.  It hit 
the water and formed a royal teardrop flower floating upon the waves.  Aeka saw 
herself holding the sword, Tenchi, in a black, endless field.  The black void 
felt like the energy that came from Tokimi.  The sword of Tenchi rested in her 
hands, as she saw Tenchi wave goodbye to her and fade backward.  Aeka stood in 
the empty void, staring at the sword.  Gradually, the blade released a yellow, 
foggy color.  The odd mist rose into the darkness.  Aeka chose not to cry.  She 
had lived this dream before.  This was no reason to cry.
"My teardrops are only for joyous occasions," Aeka smiled as she saw the yellow 
energy flow from the sword, "This... is useless."
She tossed the sword forward into the forever void.  It drifted away from her 
gracefully and gently.  Suddenly, she saw Tenchi grab the sword from the air 
before her.  The sword's blue blade flickered into being.
"Join me," Tenchi said as he held the sword out for Aeka to hold onto.  Across 
from Aeka appeared Ryoko.  The three of them stood around in a triangular 
alignment to one another while reaching toward the sword.  The blade of Tenchi 
floated elegantly upward above the three of them, still releasing a yellow 
energy.
"You two finally see, don't you?" Tenchi smiled, still peering up toward the 
sword, "We are all so weak alone."
The blade of Tenchi released three white strands of energy that spiraled around 
Tenchi, Ryoko, and Aeka, below.
"But together," Tenchi smiled as the sword above him dissolved into the yellow 
fog, leaving only the three white beams of power, "we are so strong."
Finally, all three of them could understand.  The three gems that were once 
within Ryoko and the sword, Tenchi, floated into the center of the group and 
sparked out of existence.  The image of Washu flashed quickly before them.  The 
three strands of energy above them formed into the Lighthawk Wings, in a single 
sweep of godly intensity.  After this occurred, the image of Tsunami passed 
quickly before them.  Finally, their hands joined in a circle, as a flash of 
light blinded them.  The form of Lady Tokimi floated into their presence, 
"Knowledge is luck.  Power is by chance..."
Ryoko could see nothing nor hear anything.  Aeka was under the same effluence.  
Tenchi felt the same impediments burdening him.  The voice they heard was not of 
a physical presence, but existed only within their minds, "Love is the only true 
gift."
	Sasami handed out platters of food among the members of the Masaki 
household at around nine in the morning.  The entire crew felt well rested, as 
they feasted upon Sasami's delicious meal.
"Well, anyway, Yosho," Washu's mouth was loaded with Sasami's great breakfast, 
"the sword of Tenchi and its three gems vanished in the process of restoring 
me."
"Where do you think they went?" Tenchi continued eating as he inquired about the 
gems.
"I don't know," Washu smiled.
"Yes, you do," a voice mentally called to Washu.
"I know Sis," Washu responded telepathically, "but I can't give away Tenchi's 
future."
"True," the voice returned to Washu before fading away.
"Hey, Washu," Ryoko grinned, munching on her food, "Your old friend Dr. Clay was 
making Sasami do all that junk.  I took care of him, though."
"*You* took care of him?" Aeka challenged in a stern voice, "It was my power 
that defeated him in the first place."
"Yeah, but if I hadn't given all my strength to help you, you would've died," 
Ryoko fought back, with a simple smile.  Aeka and Ryoko both knew what they were 
doing, but didn't really care anymore.
"You would've died, too.  You just did it to save yourself," Aeka yelled back.
"I knew I could withstand the power.  That's why I decided to use my extra 
strength to protect you, too."
"Oh, you two," Tenchi smiled and started laughing.  Toshimi, Yosho, Washu, and 
Sasami laughed along.
"Oh, thanks for letting me use your lab, Washu," Kai poked his head from the 
door concealing Washu's subspace lab, "I got Akira back to full health."
"That's good," Washu nodded, "tell her she's gonna have a baby."
"What?" Tenchi asked in a jovial manner.
"Oh, nothing," Washu giggled in a childish tone, as the front door swung open, 
vehemently.  Two sets of stamping feet trailed into the house as Kiyone and 
Mihoshi popped their heads into the main hall.  The Masaki household's members 
all peered over from their seats at the dining mat.
"Toshimi," Mihoshi said with a forced, stern look on her face, trying to remain 
professional, "we have an assignment to do."
Toshimi stood up, weakly, speaking with an exasperated tone, "An assignment..."
"C'mon," Kiyone cocked her gun and motioned for Toshimi to follow them away.
Toshimi reluctantly followed them, "See you later, everyone."
"Bye," the crew called in unison as Ryoko and Aeka bickered incessantly behind 
them.
"Hello, everyone," Akira said sheepishly as she limped out of the subspace 
laboratory and into the room to join the rest of the crew.
"It truly 'is' a shame that Dr. Clay had to die," Washu put on a sarcastic face, 
"I was starting to actually like the guy."
Tenchi and the group continued talking and passing time, making jokes, and 
watching shows far into the evening.
	Space-an endless void of darkness, pain, fear, and pestilence-was lit only 
by the odd colors of nebulae and cosmic objects.  The tones drifting around were 
the strangest shapes and forms that could be seen in the universe.  A Galaxy 
Police ship floated into a cloud of astral dust.
"I'm pickin' up something freaky, guys," Toshimi stared at a brown pulse on the 
radar, which a smaller, red pulse was approaching.  As the celestial haze 
parted, a large, torn-down vessel could be seen.
"Derelict in sector four-eighteen," Kiyone shouted into a police transceiver, 
"Repeat... derelict detected at locale seven in sector four-eighteen."
She was greeted by a murky signal, within which a few random voices could be 
heard, but not interpreted.
"Do you hear?" she called louder as their ship approached the abandoned craft, 
"A derelict in sector four-eighteen."
"The bank of foggy stuff is clouding us out," Mihoshi bit a fingernail on her 
left hand, "I think."
"Probably," Kiyone stared out the front glass, unmoving while she spoke, "so I 
guess we'll have to investigate for ourselves."
"Investigate?" Toshimi sipped on a can of cola, "The ship is too weird.  I am 
turning this thing into 'anchored' mode."
"No, Toshimi, as your superior, I demand you take us in," Mihoshi smiled at 
Kiyone as she gave an order that made her sound experienced.  Toshimi sighed and 
caused the ship to drift slowly into the derelict's direction.
"I've lost control," Toshimi took his hands from the ship's controls and placed 
a hand on his head.
"Toshimi, you'll be fine.  Life throws you a few fast balls from time to time, 
you just gotta be there to catch them," Kiyone tried to cheer him up.
"What?  What are you talking about?" Toshimi stared back at her, "I meant that 
I've lost control of the ship!"
The three Galaxy Policepersons gazed at the sight of the dilapidated vehicle's 
port widening and pulling them in.
"What the hell?" Kiyone tried to use a Tachyon device for breaking leeching 
beams, but it was to no avail.  Slowly, their ship docked and the port closed 
behind them.  The area around them appeared to be made of stone and had archaic 
text scribed across the walls.  Their spacecraft was pulled further inward, into 
a large chamber, in which the gravity seemed to stabilize, as well as the 
pressure.  Unwillingly, Kiyone proceeded to open the gate to her scouting 
vehicle.  As the door slid open, a large gust of air swept in.  The air seemed 
to be breathable, so Kiyone stepped out onto the stone and marble floor.  The 
center of the room had a deep pool that produced a warmth, which the group could 
feel permeating toward them.  A waterfall from a higher level seemed to be 
pouring down into this pool, keeping it ever full.  Toshimi and Mihoshi stepped 
completely out of their ship and began to survey the area.  Toshimi walked 
toward the large, warm pool and peered downward.  Beneath the pool was a five 
foot wide hole, about twenty feet down, which contrasted from the edges of the 
pool, which appeared to be easy to wade through and perhaps, relax in.  The hole 
at the center was opening up directly into space.  The warm waters looked as 
though they were pouring into the void of space itself, infinitely falling.  It 
was the strangest sight, and to be peering down into it was far more amazing 
than words could explain.
"Cool," Toshimi spoke one single word that dragged for about ten seconds, 
alarming his companions.  Mihoshi turned around from examining large, abstract 
murals spanning a wall to the left.  She and Kiyone stepped toward the large 
central pool, beneath the brilliantly shimmering falls.  Mihoshi placed her hand 
into the pool and felt its warm water, "Oh, God, this is nice."
As she said the word "nice," she prolonged it for a few extra seconds.  Toshimi 
dropped his hand into the water as well, "You're right, this feels great."
"Well, then," Mihoshi rotated an unrecognizable portion of a pink, translucent 
cube, which converted her uniform into casual attire, "Let's not waste time."
Mihoshi merrily walked toward the ship to change into a towel.
"Mihoshi," Kiyone addressed her in a characteristically "Kiyone" voice, "we're 
not here to relax and have fun, we're here to search this area and get back to 
Earth."
"C'mon, Kiyone," Mihoshi's voice echoed throughout the ship and the large, stone 
room, in which they were positioned, "you've got to enjoy life."
"Yeah, Kiyone," Toshimi twisted his cube in such a manner that caused a 
pornographic magazine to teleport from his room at Galaxy Police HQ and drop 
into the pool of water below him, "Whoops!"
He continued twisting the cube, trying not to make any more errors, but 
inevitably caused various items from his dormitory to rain down upon him.  
Finally, he converted his outfit into a pair of cargo pants and a T-shirt.  He 
dropped his legs into the water and began kicking them about.
"Kiyone, it's all yours," Mihoshi had her towel wrapped tightly around her as 
she advanced toward the water.
"All mine?" Kiyone shook her head, "No, not now, Mihoshi.  I need to check out 
the rest of the..."
Kiyone, crouching beside the water, allowed her hand to fall onto its surface.  
This caused her to stop in mid-sentence.
"Well," Kiyone smiled, "maybe for a while."
Kiyone strolled toward the ship to get changed into more formidable bathing 
attire.  Mihoshi dropped herself into the water.  As the warmth overtook her 
body, her mind began to blur.
"Wow, this is great," Mihoshi smiled and closed her eyes.  Oddly, she didn't 
feel the water pulling her down toward the hole at the base of the pool, "It's 
been so long since Kiyone and I have been able to get out to a bath."
"Yeah, I know how it is," Toshimi replied, "there are so very few baths out in 
space.  They all feel so... 'artificial'."
"True," Mihoshi agreed mindlessly, lost in the clear, flowing passion of a 
breathtakingly sinuous bath.  Kiyone walked toward the pulsing heat of the water 
in a green towel.  Gracefully, she dropped into the water.  When the water 
struck her flesh, she felt a surge of fervor shoot through her veins.  The water 
itself was like a fine wine-teasing to watch, sedate to touch, but wild with 
passion to experience.  Kiyone floated for a few seconds before noticing the 
water pouring down from above.  The flowing waterfall just looked like a gushing 
pillar of heavenly bliss.
"Oh... yeah..." Kiyone's voice leisurely emoted a dull tone that seemed to form 
those words as she drifted toward the column of water.  As she placed her teal 
hair beneath the flow, she couldn't help but look glamorous, stroking through 
her hair.  The powerful waters were too much for Kiyone, causing her to let out 
an ardent sigh.
"Look, umm, I am gonna go look over the area, I think I heard something that 
sounded like fire coming from over there," Toshimi was heard by no one.  
Disregarding this fact, he took to his feet and walked toward a large, jade-
stone door to his right.  The door was crafted with several arcane markings in a 
language that Toshimi couldn't interpret, despite the countless times that he 
was forced to take his cryptography class over.  He looked over the door, 
searching for a way to unlock it.  Unfortunately for him, the door found a way 
of unlocking itself.  The jade door opened inward, toward the room at the 
opposite side.  Suddenly, a fog rolled out of the room, and it revealed a 
smaller room, with several thongs and other footwear accompanied by towels with 
which to dress.  Toshimi realized that too many things were calling him into 
that pool, so he decided to place his shoes in the side room and change into a 
towel, to relax in the bath.  He slowly walked en route for the pristine zone of 
water.  Dipping his feet into the pool, he was taken away by bliss, enthralling 
him so entirely that the remainder of his body fell into the pool by itself.  
Kiyone and Mihoshi floated aimlessly and blindly through the water, cleansing 
themselves periodically with the falls above, as if they were caught in a 
continual, involuntary cycle.  Toshimi unwound in the water for a few second 
before losing control of his body to the immense sensuality of the plunge.  The 
three were mesmerized by the water for what seemed to be hours.  Suddenly, their 
enchantment was intersected by a loud voice.  Kiyone opened her emerald eyes 
weakly to see a familiar face.  It was out of focus, and her mind was captivated 
by the bath liquids so intensely that she could not recall his face.
"How weak," his voice also stuck quite clearly to Kiyone and Mihoshi, who had 
just awakened from her entranced state, "you have fallen into the oldest trick.  
I've promised pleasure, have I not?  So I suppose you'll be here with me for 
some time."
Kiyone and Mihoshi could not interpret his words, but didn't seem to care, due 
to their current state of ecstasy.  Toshimi was still engrossed by the 
surrounding paradise.
"You will be my toys," he spoke one final time, allowing Mihoshi to decipher his 
true identity.  Mihoshi whispered quietly, only to herself, "Kagato?"


(What happens to the Tenchi crew?  Find out in the next installment of this 
series.  Keep addicted and I will allow you to discover what lies beyond the 
exteriors of these intriguing characters, what pasts have these enticing 
individuals repressed and concealed, what will the Juraian war bring, and what 
has the author of this story been drinking.  Well, maybe not the last one, but 
definitely the first two.  I'd like your input, so e-mail me at frogboy@tokyo-
3.com)

(Disclaimer:  All characters from the Tenchi Muyo series and movies are 
copyrighted to their respective companies, if not Pioneer than whomever they 
belong to.  My story's plot, new characters, etc. that are new and/or different 
than usual belong to me, David Boutwell.  It would be unlawful and pretty mean 
if you were to steal any of this story and claim it as your own.  I would like 
to hear the comments of anyone reading this story.  I probably won't make more 
until I find my potential readers.  I would also like your input on how to make 
the next episodes of the series.  I hope you enjoyed it.  If you think it 
sucked, then yell at me via my e-mail address, frogboy@tokyo-3.com.  Be prepared 
for many continuations of this series.  Thank you for taking time to read this.)
