Brandon "Tiger Storms"
Beverson@home.com


Scene 1: house, just after sunrise 

	(After a good nights rest every one is still a sleep but Brandon just woke 
up so he could see the sun rise. Sasami just woke up so she could make breakfast 
for everyone)
Brandon: Ahh... that was a good nights rest. Wow look at that sunrise its so 
beautiful 
	(Sasami starts walking down the stairs towards the kitchen)
Sasami: (thinking) man where is Ryo-ohki and Ryoko. I hope they don't miss 
breakfast
	(Brandon sees that Sasami is awake and teleports to the kitchen)
Sasami: (frightened) Brandon is that you?
Brandon: yea, Sasami, it's me
	(Sasami turns around to find that Brandon is right there next to her)
Sasami: (relieved) ok. Why are you up so early?
Brandon: well I wanted to see the sunrise; I have never seen one before
Sasami: (surprised) really. Well at least you have now
	(then she walks to the kitchen to start making breakfast)
Brandon: oh I see you're the one who makes breakfast, lunch, and dinner why 
don't any one else help you?
Sasami: I have never asked I just like doing it on my own
Brandon: well that sucks maybe I could help if I knew how to cook he. he
Sasami: (giggling) you don't know how to cook well that's just not right 
Brandon: oh well its not too much of a bother to me 
	(just then, the door to Washu's lab opens)
Washu: hello you two, how's it going?
	(Brandon and Sasami turn around to see Washu walking though the door)
Brandon: hi Washu! Its all good this lovely morning 
Sasami: yep it's a good morning 
Washu: great!
	(Sasami goes back to making breakfast wile Brandon sits on the couch Washu 
joins Brandon on the couch and looks at him)
Brandon: so... Washu how are things in the lab?
Washu: well I just made my lab cleaner with all the free time I have
Brandon: all 5 of them?
Washu: (confused) how to you know about all 5 of them?
Brandon: (laughing) well that's 1 secret that I won't tell you about... yet
Washu: yet? YET? What you mean about YET!!!!!!!!!!!
Brandon: (still laughing) oh you not ready yet to hear what I have to say
	(walking down the stairs is Ayeka and Tenchi and they look tiered with 
there eyes all half open. Brandon turns and looks at them)
Brandon: hay Tenchi, what is happen Ayeka man you both look tiered
Tenchi: well I just got out of bed and form the looks of it I think Ayeka just 
did too
Brandon: yea I can really see that
Washu: well where is Mihoshi and Kiyone?
Ayeka: they are still sleeping
Sasami: BREAKFAST IS READY!!!!
Brandon: oh boy!
Washu: good!
Tenchi: great!
Ayeka: I am starving
	(all of them are now eating. Mihoshi and Kiyone are now a wake and eating 
with every one else)
Brandon: MMmm... this is good. what it called?
Sasami: its called rice
	(all of them started laughing)
Brandon: what? I have not eaten any thing like this its good
Tenchi: really that's a first 
Brandon: what is?
Tenchi: that someone has not tried rice
Brandon: oh
Sasami: so Brandon when is Ryoko coming? 
Brandon: well, I think any time to day
Sasami: oh cool
	(Just then out side not to far a way form the house. Ryoko with Ryo-ohki 
just landed)
Ryoko: YES!! I am back 
Ryo-ohki: meow! Meow.
	(Ryo-ohki starts to sniff the ground and circles the ground Ryoko knows 
some things wrong and then Ryo-ohki runs off as fast as she could go going for 
the house)
Ryoko: RYO-OHKI!!! Get back here 
	(Ryoko flies off after her hoping to meet Tenchi. Back at the house 
Brandon stands up)
Tenchi: Brandon what's wrong?
Brandon: (smiles) all right Ryoko is here
Ayeka: how do you know that she is here?
Brandon: just watch the door
	(After about a min nothing happened. Then poof going though the door was 
Ryo-ohki and was she HAPPY to see Brandon. She lands on him making him fall to 
the ground.)
Brandon: Hay Ryo-ohki I thought I would never see you again
Ryo-ohki: MEOW!!!!!
	(Ryo-ohki starts to lick Brandon in the face. Everyone with a confused 
look on their faces)
Sasami: hay Ryo-ohki you back.
	(Sasami runs over to Ryo-ohki, picks her up and hugs her)
Brandon: Ryo-ohki where is Ryoko?
	(Just then BOOM!!!!!! And the door flies open!!!)
Ryoko: BRANDON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	(Everyone looks at the door and see a VERY mad Ryoko standing there)
Brandon: wow I didn't think you would forget me and I was right.
	(Ryoko flies at him)
Ryoko: you die here and NOW!!!
Brandon: (laughing) I don't think so
	(Ryoko makes her beam sword appear, Brandon does the same thing. But in a 
flash Yosho appears in between them)
Yosho: No fighting in the house
	(Brandon teleports out side. Ryoko fallows too)

Scene 2: out side, next to the house
	
	(the to of a kind are about to battle, and a everyone else is rushing out 
side to see what all the hatred was all about)
Ryoko: how did you find me here? How did you know I was in this system? 
Brandon: well I was here on a trip a way from it all but not I have the chance 
to kill you!
Ryoko: I should have never let you live I should have just killed you when I 
have the chance
Brandon: (laughing) you can NEVER kill me I am a GOD to you!!!
Ryoko: yea a god that's about to DIE!!!
	(Ryoko makes a ball of energy and throes it at Brandon, he easily doges it 
and floats right above the ground waiting for the next attack.)
Brandon: you haven't change a bit since I last saw you
Ryoko: I see you haven't either
	(Ryoko jumps high in the air and then attacks with a fast blast of energy. 
Brandon lets it hit him... when the smoke clears everyone but Washu and Ryoko 
are surprised that he is still standing in the same spot.)
Brandon: (laughing) you shale DIE!
	(Brandon disappears and reappears right behind Ryoko and he hits her with 
a blow so power full she makes a 2-foot crater in the ground. Brandon disappears 
and reappears on the ground next to the hole)
Brandon: that was too easy for me I thing I am just going to punch my self just 
to get hurt. AHAHAHAHAHAHAH!
Ryoko: well that would be a waste of my time
Brandon: (looks up) well I see you're still as strong as I thought... Well 
that's good then this wont be long.)
Ryoko: you will PAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
	(Ryoko collects as much energy as she can... and fires!)
Brandon: its that it well then your not worthy of dieing today Ryoko
	(Brandon grabs the ball and throws it back at Ryoko, Ryoko totally 
surprised gets hit bye the tremendous ball and then BOOM!!!! She falls to the 
ground. Brandon slowly walks to her everyone is starring at him with a worried 
look on there faces)
Brandon: (laughing) that's way to easy. Get up Ryoko! I know you're not hurt
	(Brandon kicks her and Ryoko grabs his leg and starts to swing him around 
as fast as she can.)
Ryoko: I will never give up! I wont let you hurt any one on this planet!
	(She throws him in to 4 trees one by one he hits them looking like he 
brakes something every time he hits. He stops on the last one and falls to the 
ground with blood coming out of his mouth.)
Washu: that's my Girl
Ryoko: he's not even hurt mom
Washu: WHAT!! He's bleeding he's is so hurting
Ryoko: (laughing) I don't think so
	(Brandon gets up and teleports right behind Ryoko. She friezes and doesn't 
move at all)
Brandon: you can't win we both know its impossible for you to win
Ryoko: I don't know I all most killed you last time we met!
Brandon: I let you go to far any was I am a god I can't die 
Ryoko you NO GOD
	(Brandon turns around so fast he get Ryoko off guard and grabs her. He 
holds her very titer so she could not move at all.
Ryoko: (scramming) AHH... let go AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! Let go NOW!!!!
	(Ryoko starts to power up and the ground is shaking Brandon knows she 
ready to fight. so Brandon lets go of her
Brandon: Now that's what I am talking about! Come on hit me! I will give you a 
free shot
Washu: oh boy this is totally going to hurt!
	(Ryoko pulls her fist back and hits Brandon so hard he hit 12 trees one 
bye one he hit them but then he stops 2 feet to the next last tree with his eyes 
all red he teleports right a up above Ryoko and in rage shots a beam at her 
hoping to hurt her but she holds it and fires it back to Brandon he doges it and 
kicks Ryoko in the stomach as hard as he could)
Brandon: its over you lost and I won I will keep you alive only because I have 
to go but I will be back not to finish this because you will never win and 
that's that so... what do you guys what to do?
	(Everyone looks at Ryoko she on the ground in pain lots of pain that you 
can see a puddle of blood forming right under her. Brandon walks in the house an 
close the door behind him)
Washu: Ryoko are you okay? Ryoko!!
	(Everyone rush over to where Ryoko is.)
Washu: lets get her in to my lab ASAP!!
	(Everyone helps get Ryoko in to the lab. passing bye Brandon on the choice 
drinking tea. They all look at him when they pas by to get in to Washu's lab)
Brandon: (laughing) your going to need a lot of help to fix her
Washu: (mad) hay shut up
Brandon: what did I do to you?
	(Washu's lab door closes and Brandon is all alone. with a line of blood 
coming from out side Brandon picks up a sponge and starts to clean it up form 
Washu's door to out side where the big puddle was just starting to dry up)

Scene 3: house, dinnertime

	(Brandon is acting like nothing happened, so not to start a fight with any 
one. Its dinner time as everyone sits down they all look at Brandon with a evil 
look in there eyes, all of them don't want to fight either but it looks as if 
they are going to try to kill him, just then Ryoko walks out of the lab with out 
a scratch on her.)
Brandon: Hay Ryoko you ok there?
Ryoko: (angry) SHUT UP!
Sasami: (happily) Dinners!! Ready!!
Brandon: oh! Boy great
	(they all gather at the table to eat dinner all but Brandon. He disappears 
in to the wall out side to the lake and sits there. Sasami runs out side after 
him)
Sasami: hay Brandon dinners ready
Brandon: I heard you the first time Sasami, I am just not hungry so you can eat 
with out me
Sasami: (disappointed) oh ok well I will see you later
	(She runs back to the house. Stopped at the door and looks back at 
Brandon, then closes the door behind her)
Tenchi: this looks good Sasami
Washu: it tastes good too
Ryoko: mmmm... this is very good
Kiyone: this is the best dinner I have had
Mihoshi: YEA!
Sasami: thanks everyone I know Brandon helped me with it its his recipe its 
called Chicken with Bay-squash & Tomatoes
Ryoko: wow you and Brandon made this I never knew that he could even cook
Tenchi: I have been meaning to ask where do you know Brandon from?
	(Ryoko looks back at Tenchi)
 Ryoko: Well it all started about 500 years ago, when me and Ryo-ohki where 
flying though space and all of a sudden POW!!! We where pulled in by some thing 
and the next thing I knew I was in a bed with a collar on me. He was standing 
next to me smiling at me. That's how I met him but its not the hole story.
Tenchi: a collar on you? Why?
Ryoko: do you all want to hear the whole story?
Everyone: YES!!!
Ryoko: ok. Well after he told me that his ship had ran in to mine I saw Ryo-ohki 
on the bed near to me she was badly hurt and they said they fixed her back to 
here normal self for me but, I asked Brandon what's the collar was for and he 
said "to keep you out of trouble" he looked at me as some kind of animal I tried 
to attacked him but he pressed a button and I was on the ground in pain.
	(She stopped for a moment and heeled her self then when on)
Ryoko: he told me that they were Space pirates and that's how I be cam one of 
them after about 200 years later I broke free for him and have been a renegade 
pirate ever since I will never for get those 200 years of pain and death.
	(Everyone had a stunned look on there faces, all of there mouths were wide 
open and they just sat there looking at her for 2 minutes. After that Brandon 
walks though the door and sits down. They all look at him)
Brandon: you told them didn't you
Ryoko: yes I did
Brandon: just making sure that's why they are looking at me in that way 

Scene 4: outside, in front of the house

	(All of them where done eating and they all fallowed Brandon out side he 
looks at all of them)
Brandon: I have to go now
Everyone: (stunned) WHY?
Brandon: I have to take care of some business I will be back soon in that time 
you can all decide where I am doing to start sleeping for now on!
Ryoko: where are you going?
Brandon: space
Tenchi: but how you doing even have a ship?
Kiyone: that's right and your not taking mine you Space pirate 
Brandon: (laughing) no I won't steal any ones ship I am going to take Ryo-ohki
Ryoko: WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!! No I don't think so
Brandon: I will bring her back! Ok?
Ryoko: fine you'd better be quick about it too
Sasami: your coming back right?
Brandon: yea Sasami and I am bringing a friend too
	(Ryo-ohki jumps in the air and becomes the ship Brandon teleport in the 
ship Ryo-ohki and they fly off)

Preview of the next episode: Brandon is back and who is his friend you, will 
find out on the next episode; Friend or Foe

I hoped you liked this episode I thought it was kind of long my self but no 
regrets 
