Brandon "Tiger Storms"
Beverson@home.com
Episode 4: 

Scene 1: House

	(Its morning and everyone is a wake and sitting down wile talking mostly 
about nothing, Brandon is sitting on the couch and looks over to the karaoke 
machine)
Brandon: (smiling) hay have you guys used that karaoke machine yet?
Tenchi: (looks at him) yea we have it was one heck of a day
Brandon: well can I use it?
Kiyone: no ones stopping you
Brandon: Sweetness
	 (Brandon walks over to the karaoke machine and picks it up)
Brandon: well it looks cool but where is the on switch?
Sasami: on the top
Brandon: (looking all over the karaoke machine) I don't see the top
	(Tenchi walks over to where Brandon is then grabs the karaoke machine and 
flips the switch on)
Tenchi: there you go now it's on
Brandon: I knew that
Tenchi: right...
Sasami: well I am going to take a bath any on want to come with me?
Ayeka: (stands up) I will
Ryoko: I will too
Kiyone: well I am coming if you're all going
Washu: great! I am coming too
Mihoshi: Here I come too with baby Mayuka
	(Wile Brandon and Tenchi just stand there watching all of the girls walk 
out the door toward the bath)
Brandon: how do they do that so fast?
Tenchi: Beats me
Brandon: lets get singing on this machine
Tenchi: Yea man this is going to rule!
Brandon: yea I guess so
	(Brandon puts the machine on the ground and looks at Tenchi)
Brandon: I will be right back Tenchi I have to get something
	(Be for Tenchi reply he's gone)
Tenchi: (talking to him self) I will never get used to that

Scene 2: in the Bath

	(The girls are in the bath and are wearing towels all except for Ryoko 
witch is now under water swimming)
Sasami: this is very relaxing
	(Ryoko's head comes out of the water)
Ryoko: come on why don't you all take the towels off and come in with me)
Kiyone: were all just fine thank you
Ryoko: oh well I tried
	(She goes back under water)
Sasami: Washu how is Mayuka doing?
Washu: she is asleep in my arms right now
Sasami: cool
Ayeka: Sasami stop pestering Washu about Mayuka
Washu: Ayeka its ok I don't mind
Ayeka: just making sure
Sasami: why are so tense Ayeka?
Ayeka: I am not tense!
Sasami: yea right you're a lot more tense that usual
Washu: this is true
Ayeka: it is NOT!!!
	(Everyone starts to giggle all except for Ayeka and Ryoko who was under 
water still)
Sasami: (still giggling) well its ok Ayeka we can talk about some thing else now
Ayeka: fine by me!
	(Back at the house the stage was set and Tenchi was still waiting for 
Brandon to come back)
Tenchi: man where is Brandon and what's taking him
	(Just then Brandon appears right in front of Tenchi, surprised Tenchi 
falls to the ground)
Tenchi: (Surprised) Don't Do that!!
Brandon: (turns and faces Tenchi) sorry. well I got the song I wanted to sing
Tenchi: oh good what song is it?
Brandon: you probably have not heard of it its called Desert Rose its by that 
band called Sting a friend from a different time, but it was about 200 years ago 
so you might have but I don't know. Have you?
Tenchi: (thinking) Sting... Sting... nope never heard of them 
Brandon: well it's a cool song, is it all set up?
Tenchi: yep it is its all ready for you
	(Brandon walks to the stage and puts in the tape he grabs the microphone 
and gets ready to sing a beat starts up and for about 55 seconds he just stood 
there and lessen to a lady sing at first)
Brandon: I dream of rain... I dream of gardens in the desert sand... I wake in 
pain... I dream of love as time runs through my hand
	(Tenchi just sits there and lessens to him sing with elegances. Mean while 
back in the Bath Mayuka starts to cry)
Washu: oh no now look at what you did Ryoko you scared her
Ryoko: sorry I was just having fun
	(Washu gets out of the water and gets a dry towel on and dries off Mayuka 
too)
Washu: well I better get back in the house she might need a bottle of milk
Kiyone: well I think its time we get out too
(Mihoshi get out next after her then goes Sasami then Kiyone and Ayeka then last 
is Ryoko)
Sasami: it's towards noon I better get started on lunch
Ayeka: I will help you Sasami
Mihoshi: I want to help too
Kiyone: (annoyed) Mihoshi you will end up breaking some thing why don't you help 
me pick carrots in the fields
Mihoshi: ok!
Ryoko: well what am I going to do?
	(All of the girl look at her all except for Washu witch is already out the 
door)
Ayeka: well you don't like to help with the house chores so we never gave you 
any
Ryoko: oh fine I will just watch TV wile you all are doing stuff
	(All of them start to walk out the door but Washu was already half way 
down the stairs, Washu is in a hurry and wants to get the baby some milk, wile 
she is trying to get to the house she hears some one singing in the house. Washu 
stops for a minute)
Washu: who could be singing so elegantly? I wander if it's Tenchi
	(She begins to run towards the house she gets to the door and walks in at 
the last 10 seconded of the song but now ones is singing its just sounds)
Washu: who was singing to that song a wile ago?
Tenchi: Brandon was
	(Brandon walks in from the kitchen holding a wine glass of water)
Brandon: yea it was me
Washu: it was Beautiful!!!!!!!!!
Brandon: (blushing) wwhat you kidding right?
	(Tenchi's about ready to burst in to laugher)
Washu: (smiling) no I am not it was very nice
	(She walks to the door to the lab)
Washu: I have to get Mayuka her milk so I will be right back
Brandon: o...k...
	(She walks in her lab and just then everyone comes walking in the door)
Brandon: what's up all!
Sasami: nothing much just got out of the bath
Brandon: all of you?
Ayeka: yep
Brandon: don't you think that's a little over doing it?
Ayeka: what do you mean by that?
Brandon: can you all fit in that little tub?
Sasami: (giggles) oh Brandon not in there, it's the one Washu made out side
Brandon: What!!! No way! Let me see
	(Sasami grabs Brandon's hand a walks out the door, she stops a little ways 
for the door out side and point to this Big dome like thing with a water fall 
and some plant life in it)
Sasami: see over there that's it
Brandon: DAMMMM!!!!!!!!! It's Huge!!!
Sasami: yea it is pretty big
Brandon: and you all take baths in that! Isn't it cold?
Sasami: yep we all do, and no it's always warm
Brandon: Sweetness!!!

Scene 3: after dinner

	(It's a big Karaoke bash at the house and every one is singing there 
favorite songs and having tea so they can stay up all night if they want to hear 
everyone sing out the night, Mihoshi and Kiyone just finished there favorite 
song, and its now its Brandon's turn to sing)
Mihoshi: Brandon your up next
Brandon: I don't want to!
Sasami: please Brandon!
Brandon: you wont like it
Ayeka: we insist 
Brandon: I... I.... Suck I can't sing
Tenchi: that's not true! I heard you, your good
Washu: Yea come on. Please
Brandon: (thinking) hmmmmm.... All right I will do it
Ryoko: o boy this I got to see!
Brandon: well lets see hear I got 4 songs 
	(Brandon walks to the stage and puts in a tape)
Brandon: ok this is a good song and I like it
Washu: great!
Sasami: cool
Kiyone: how fun
Ryoko: all right get singing!
	(Brandon hits play button and of a min he did nothing all was hear was 
some lady singing but then he starts up)
Brandon: I dream of rain I dream of gardens in the desert sand I wake in pain I 
dream of love as time runs through my hand I dream of fire Those dreams are tied 
to a horse that will never tire And in the flames Her shadows play in the shape 
of a man's desire This desert rose Each of her veils, a secret promise This 
desert flower No sweet perfume ever tortured me more than this And as she turns 
This way she moves in the logic of all my dreams This fire burns I realize that 
nothing's as it seems I dream of rain I dream of gardens in the desert sand I 
wake in pain I dream of love as time runs through my hand I dream of rain I lift 
my gaze to empty skies above I close my eyes, this rare perfume Is the sweet 
intoxication of her love I dream of rain I dream of gardens in the desert sand I 
wake in pain I dream of love as time runs through my hand Sweet desert rose Each 
of her veils, a secret promise This desert flower No sweet perfume ever tortured 
me more than this Sweet desert rose This memory of Eden haunts us all This 
desert flower, this rare perfume Is the sweet intoxication of the fall
	(All though out the song everyone sat there looking at him with Wide eyes, 
they just can't under stand that a man like him could sing that song so 
beautifully, but Ryoko is about to burst in to laughter)
Tenchi: I told you could do it Brandon!
Washu: that was Magnisefent!
Ayeka: I never heard that song before but it was nice to hear it form you
Ryoko: (laughing) oh that Sucked!!!!!!
	(Brandon looks at her. With a flash she is on the wall with a beam sward 1 
cm a way from her face)
Brandon: Don't make me kill you!
Ryoko: (frighten) I was just kidding!
	(Yosho runs to where they are)
Yosho: what ever the probation I never allow killing in the house
Brandon: its all cool now 	
	(Brandon makes the sword disappear and walks up stairs)
Tenchi: wow that was just weird
Mihoshi: oh witch part?	


Scene 4: in the rebuilt temple

	(Brandon and Yosho are having some tea in the rebuild temple they are 
sitting next to a table that has 2 cups of tea and 1 pitcher full of it)
Brandon: this is a strange taste that this tea has
Yosho: really have you ever had it be for?
Brandon: once but I had only a sip not a glass
Yosho: that neat I have never met a man who has never had tea before
Brandon: well not you have
	(Brandon's eyes start to wander around. He notice that there are some 
wooden swords handing up on he wall)
Brandon: do you know how to sword fight?
Yosho: yes I do and I am very good at it
Brandon: o really lets find out
Yosho: is that a challenge?
	(Yosho looks at him with a puzzled look on his face)
Brandon: yea it is it's a challenge!
	(Brandon says proudly)
Yosho: well then lets go
	(Brandon and Yosho stand up, and then Yosho slowly walk towards the swords 
and grabs them both. He tosses one to Brandon he grabs it on the handle)
Brandon: why are we using wooden swords?
Yosho: why what kind of sword would prefer?
	(Brandon throes the wooden sword on the ground and puts his hand in to a 
fist, suddenly a ray of light comes out and formed a sword like shape making it 
appear that he was holding a Golden sword)
Brandon: this kind of sword the kind that almost never brakes
Yosho: well I don't know how to make those kinds of swords
	(Yosho looks at Brandon)
Brandon: well here take one of mine it won't hurt you just hold it here
	(Brandon points at a spot where the sword ends and the end part of the 
sword begins)
Yosho: is that so well let me see
	(He walks over to where Brandon is and grapes it with his right hand and 
holds it, he swings it around for a sec
Yosho: nice! Very light and easy to move with
Brandon: yea that's right. So you ready to fight?
Yosho: one question! Are we fighting for a life and death or a simple fight 
between friends to see who's better?
Brandon: I think you would want the second one better because I don't want to 
kill any one to day and so every one else does not try to kill me
	(Yosho shakes his head indicating that he agrees with him they walk out 
the door and are still talking, Yosho is leading the way)
Yosho: where I want to fight is not too far from here but is a big field and 
there is no trees so it's a good fighting ground
Brandon: oh ok
	(They walk for about 5 min. to the location when they get there Brandon 
gets in his stands and is all ready to fight, wile Yosho was ready to bow to 
wish him good luck)
Yosho: are you ready?
Brandon: yea!
Yosho: then lets bow for good luck and begin
Brandon: well its seams a little odd but ok
	(Brandon bows wile Yosho bows to each other then get in fighting stands)
Brandon: this is great!!! I haven't sword fight in a long time!
Yosho: good I have an advantage
	(They are ready to fight. Brandon starts the attack with a thrust Yosho 
jumps and blocks the attack with a swift move. Yosho tries a cut on Brandon but 
he is stopped by Brandon, it's a never ending battle where every attack is 
dogged or blocked, there all most even but Brandon is a little too fast for 
Yosho, but Brandon does not want to hurt him just make is so he wins)
Yosho: your too good for me! I can't win and you know it
Brandon: how do you know? I though I was a little to easy enough on you
	(Brandon stops and Yosho stops they just stand there doing nothing but 
staring at each other, the swords vanish with out a trace)
Yosho: well your quite power full maybe even more power full than I expected
Brandon: well I can destroy planets with one single thought
Yosho: WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Brandon: yea its true that's why I am the most wanted space pirate in this 
galaxy with me and LEXX we can destroy any thing that comes in are way
Yosho: (frighten) wwwhat!!! I can't believe it its imposable but yet there you 
are living proof
Brandon: Yea isn't it cool
Yosho: well maybe a little
Brandon: well let's get back to the temple I want more of that drink you call 
tea!
Yosho: ok let's go
	(They slow walk towards the temple and the show fades out)

This Episode was quite long but I tell you that my episodes take after the 2ed 
Tenchi movie the movie I like the most 

Copyright: this is made by Brandon Everson a 15 year old kid that lives in 
California U.S.A.
