HLok
hlok@hotmail.com
TENCHI MUYO IN LIFE Part V


Washu shows her love to Henrii secertly and kisses Henrii when he is out 
cold. Azusa, Miaski, and Funaho comes to visit Tenchi. Azusa brings another 
suitor for Tenchi. During the battle Ayeka gets hurt.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DISCALMER:  I do not own all the characters like Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, and so on in this fanfic, or anything that is own by AIC and 
Pioneer.  Well except for Commander Henrii Lok.  I do not want a lawsuit 
because I just can’t afford to pay that much money.  If you want to use 
Commander Henrii Lok please ask me first.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NO NEED FOR DREAMS
Early in the morning Washu exited out her lab.  She walked past Ryoko who 
was still sleeping.  Washu stopped and woke Ryoko up.
“Ryoko, Ryoko wake up,” said Washu. Ryoko woke and scratched her eyes.
“What going on,” said Ryoko.
“I’m going to Tenchi’s room to wake up Henrii you can wake up Tenchi,” said 
Washu.  Ryoko looked at the time.
“Its only 4:30 in the morning Washu, go to sleep,” said Ryoko.
“I can’t I’m too nervous to sleep come with me,” said Washu as she dragged 
Ryoko up the stairs to Tenchi’s room.  Washu check the door to see if there 
weren’t any traps.  Washu slowly open the door and saw Tenchi without any 
bed sheets and Henrii on the floor sleeping.  She turned to her teenage form 
and slowly walk into the room without making a sound.  Ryoko teleported to 
Tenchi’s bed and fell asleep with Tenchi.  Washu moved to Henrii.  Henrii 
wasn’t wearing any shirt and only wearing his shiny blue shorts.  Henrii 
would get cold maybe if I can make him warmer thought Washu.  She placed her 
hand on Henrii’s cheek and moved closer to his lips.  All of sudden Tenchi 
jumped out of his bed.
“Ahhh Ryoko!” said Tenchi.  Henrii woke up and saw Washu.  Washu was 
surprised and ran out of the room and shut the door.  Henrii rubbed his eyes 
and said.
“Who was that woman?” said Henrii.  Ayeka ran to Tenchi’s room.
“Ryoko what are you doing in Tenchi’s bed!” said Ayeka.
“I’m sleeping so shut up!” said Ryoko resting her head on Tenchi and went 
into deep sleep.  Ayeka ran to Tenchi’s bed and pulled Ryoko out of Tenchi’s 
bed.  Ryoko rolled into Henrii’s futon.  Ryoko wrapped around Henrii’s body 
and started to kiss him.  Washu went back to Tenchi’s room and saw Ryoko 
kissing Henrii all over the place and Henrii looked like he enjoyed it.  
Washu turned back and started to cry.  This always happens to me, thought 
Washu, something I really love is always taken from me cried Washu.
“Get off of me Ryoko!” said Henrii.
“Oh Tenchi I will never leave you ever,” said Ryoko kissing Henrii.  Henrii 
was trying to free himself while Ayeka and Tenchi watched Ryoko kissing 
Henrii.
“Ah Ryoko?” said Tenchi.
“Shhhh be quite she is still asleep you know,” said Ayeka.
“Huh?” said Tenchi.
“Let these two love birds alone, come with me Tenchi since you are awake, I 
will make you breakfast,” said Ayeka holding Tenchi’s arm.
“Urr ok Miss Ayeka,” said Tenchi remembering how bad her cooking is.  Washu 
was in her lab crying and thought how come Ryoko must take Henrii.  What 
happened to Tenchi is my own daughter a player or something, the only way to 
stop crying is to do some work.  Washu changes back to her 12-year old form 
and started to work on an experiment.  In the kitchen at 5:00 in the morning 
Ayeka asked Tenchi what would he like to have.
“Umm scramble eggs and toast would be nice,” said Tenchi trying to think up 
something that is very easy to cook.
“Ok Lord Tenchi scramble eggs and toast coming right up!” said Ayeka.  Ayeka 
thought to herself what is toast and scramble eggs.  I know what eggs are 
but scramble eggs.  I got it, my Tenchi wants eggs that are bashed together. 
  Toast, where have I heard that word before, oh yes when something gets 
burned.  What can I burn as Ayeka looked in the refrigerator and grab some 
eggs and carrots.  Ayeka got a pan and started to cook Tenchi’s breakfast.  
Henrii came down and smell the air.
“Is something burning in this house?” said Henrii confused.
“Oh no Ayeka is cooking eggs and toast,” said Tenchi in the dinning room 
waiting for his food.  Henrii sat down by Tenchi.  Ayeka finished making 
Tenchi’s breakfast and place down two plates of food.  One was barely cooked 
eggs with egg shells in it.  And the other was burnt carrots which was burnt 
into size of chilies.
“There you go Lord Tenchi eat up,” smile Ayeka.
“Ok, Henrii why don’t you try first,” said Tenchi moving the plates to 
Henrii.
“No thanks, Ayeka made it for you only,” said Henrii as he moved it back to 
Tenchi.  Tenchi slowly grabbed the burnt carrots.  He took one bite of it 
and really wanted to spit it out.
“Umm Ayeka would you come over here with me to the refrigerator,” said 
Henrii.
“Ok Henrii do you want me to cook something for you,” said Ayeka
“Oh no just wanted to make your cooking even better than it already is,” 
said Henrii as he took some eggs and bread.  Tenchi quietly spit out the 
carrot.
“Do you want me to watch you Henrii,” said Ayeka
“No I want you to learn not watch,” said Henrii as he turns on the stove and 
cracks the egg and opened it on the pan.
“Did you see what I have just did Ayeka,” said Henrii as he turned to Ayeka.
“Yeah you cracked the egg and opened it and the yellow stuff landed on the 
pan,” said Ayeka.
“Good now just throw the shell away,” said Henrii as he threw the shell 
away.  He placed the bread in the oven and place a time on it.
“Ok you just placed bread in the oven and put a time for 2:00,” said Ayeka.
“Yes and watch me scramble the eggs on the pan,” said Henrii as he scramble 
the eggs and sprinkled some salt on it.  He took out a plate and dumps the 
scramble eggs onto the plate.  The bell on the oven ringed and Henrii took 
the toast out of the oven and placed it besides the eggs.
“Why are you teaching me this?” said Ayeka.
“Umm because I wanted to make your food taste even better for Tenchi,” said 
Henrii.
“Are you telling me my cooking is horrible?” said Ayeka.
“Oh no no no no no no no I think your cooking to good, look see,” said 
Henrii as he took a fork and scooped up some Ayeka’s scramble eggs and ate 
it.
“See its go….od just that it ne….ed m….ore kick…, thats a…..ll,” said 
Henrii.
“Oh ok,” said Ayeka as she took the plate of the new scramble eggs and toast 
to Tenchi.  Tenchi took a bite on the scramble eggs and toast.
“Hey you all a sudden became a excellent cook, Miss Ayeka,” said Tenchi with 
a smile.  He looked over where Henrii is and saw him puking in the sink.
“Thank you Lord Tenchi I try to do my best,” said Ayeka happily.
“I’m going to Washu’s lab to ask her a favor, Tenchi, I will be back,”  said 
Henrii placing his hands on his stomach.
“Ok,” said Tenchi as he ate his breakfast and Ayeka watched him eat it.  
Henrii entered Washu’s lab.
“Oh my stomach!” said Henrii as he collapse to the floor.
“Henrii?” said Washu.  Henrii woke up and found himself on a table and Washu 
was next to him.
“Oh what a dream I had, Little Washu,” said Henrii.
“Oh really tell me about it,” said Washu typing away on her computer.
“Well I dreamt about me waking up to a yell from Tenchi and saw the most 
beautiful girl I have ever seen.  She almost looks like you Washu but a lot 
older.  She had a crab color hair like you Washu, and big beautiful green 
eyes that must made me wanted to kiss her right there.  But she disappeared 
in thin air,” said Henrii in a drowsy mood.
“Oh really,” said Washu as she stop typing and started to listen to him 
talk.
“Yeah, I also dreamt that Ryoko fell and rolled off to me and started to 
kiss me all over and calling me Tenchi.  I pushed Ryoko away and went 
downstairs to help Ayeka to cook, that all I can really remember,” said 
Henrii as he slowly fell asleep.  Washu watched him sleeping and thought oh 
Ryoko you must be thought that my Henrii was your Tenchi, what a silly girl 
have I created.  She looked around and plants a kiss on Henrii’s lips.  And 
said to him.
“I love you Henrii, soon I will make you mine,” said Washu as she turned 
back to her work.  Henrii woke up and found nobody in the lab.
“What a dream I had, I was kissing Washu,” said Henrii as he shook his head 
and looked around the lab.  He licked his lips with his tongue so it won’t 
crack on him and tasted something that was very sweet.

NO NEED FOR KING AND QUEENS
On the planet of Juri Azusa was sitting on this throne.  Two men were 
kneeling in front of him.  One of the men are Seiryou and the other is 
Yukiyou.
“I’m sorry that my brother Seiryou did not win Princess Ayeka heart so pick 
me to go to earth as another suitor,” said Yukiyou.
“Oh just shut up brother,” said Seiryou.
“Silence I do not need any more of this bickering!” said Azusa.
“I understand King Azusa,” said Yukiyou.
“Yeah like I also understand too King Azusa,” said Seiryou.
“Why did I even pick you to go to earth with me in the first place,” said 
Azusa with his hands on his face.
“I don’t understand either my Lord,” said Yukiyou.
“I will choose you Yukiyou to go with me to the planet earth to win Ayeka’s 
heart, today we leave for earth so get ready, if you fail I will see to it 
that you and Seiryou would be banished from Juri!  Now leave!” said Azusa.  
Seiryou and Yukiyou left the throne room.  Miaski and Funaho came up to 
Azusa who has his hands on his head.
“Azusa is the matter?” asked Funaho.
“Oh nothing at all, just a headache,” said Azusa.
“Oh Azusa let me help you!” said Miaski running to Azusa and rubbing his 
head.
“Today we are going to Earth that’s all,” said Azusa
“Really I get to see our Ayeka and Sasami!” said Miaski kissing Azusa head.
“Set a course to the planet Earth,” said Azusa.
Back on Earth Henrii, Washu, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Nobyuki was watching some 
TV and Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka were at the shine with Yosho.  The Juri ship 
entered Earth atmosphere and stopped by at mountain.  Back in the house 
there was a knock on the door.
“I got it,” said Henrii as he tried to get up.
“Ok,” everybody said.
“Ummm Washu would you let go of my legs?” said Henrii.
“Oh sorry Henrii,” said Washu smiling.  Henrii opened the door and there 
stood Miaski.
“Umm Hello how can I help you?” said Henrii.
“Oh Tenchi!  Look how much have you grown up!” said Miaski giving Henrii a 
big bear hug.
“Huh?” said everybody.
“Look at you, you look good enough to impress Azusa and marry Ayeka!” said 
Miaski still holding Henrii real tight.  And feeling his body.  Washu came 
up to her in her adult form and said to Miaski
“Hey hey, hey, Miaski let go of my Henrii, he is not Tenchi!”  Said Washu
“Oh hello Washu.  This is not Tenchi?” said Miaski.
“Yes… air please” said Henrii between her breast.
“Oh ok!” said Miaski as she let go of Henrii and Henrii fell to the floor.
“Mommy!” said Sasami.
“Sasami!” said Miaski as Sasami came up to her to give her a hug.
“Oh I missed you so much Sasami where is your sister,” said Miaski.
“Oh she is at the shine with Tenchi and Yosho,” said Sasami hugging her.  
Ryo-Ohki changes into her girl form jumps onto Miaski for a hug.
“Oh how cute Ryo-Ohki!” said Miaski giving a bear hug to Ryo-Ohki.
“Miya miya miya,” said Ryo-Ohki.
“Whoa Ryo-Ohki can do that?” said Henrii as he came up to Ryo-Ohki.  
Ryo-Ohki ran to Henrii and hugged him.
“Oh how cute!” everybody said.
“That’s a good girl,” said Henrii as he pats Ryo-Ohki on the head.  Ryo-Ohki 
pointed Henrii to come down where she was because she was short.  Henrii sat 
on his knee and Ryo-Ohki gave Henrii a kiss on his check.
“Miya,” said Ryo-Ohki and blushed. Henrii smiled and got back up.
“That is very brave Ryo-Ohki!” said Sasami giggling.  Azusa entered the 
house holding a cold and burnt carrot.
“This is good carrot,” said Azusa as he swallowed the burnt carrot.
“How did you got in daddy?” said Sasami.
“Oh the back door,” said Azusa.
“Hello there I’m Tenchi’s father, Nobyuki,” said Nobyuki with his hand ready 
to shake Azusa’s hand.
“Yes, glad to meet the one who created Tenchi,” said Azusa shaking Nobyuki 
hand.
“So your daughter wants to marry my son, what would be a joyful occasion!” 
said Nobyuki.
“Never!  My daughter will never marry Tenchi!  She will never marry someone 
from Earth!” said Azusa and Nobyuki turns pale white.
“Please Azusa calm down, we are his guest in his house,” said Miaski.
“Alright, but Ayeka would not marry Tenchi,” said Azusa in a calmer voice.
“Why dear?  How come you won’t let her choose?” said Miaski.
“Because I know what’s best for her,” said Azusa.   Tenchi was walking home 
with Ayeka and Ryoko fighting behind him.  When they reached the house 
Tenchi opened the door and Ryoko and Ayeka was behind him.  Ayeka look 
inside the house and saw Miaski.
“I know you would laugh at me Ryoko but, Mommy!” said Ayeka as she ran to 
Miaski.
“Ayeka dear!” said Miaski as she hugged Ayeka.
“Even this guy over here is probably a better chance to marry Ayeka than 
Tenchi!”  said Azusa talking to Nobyuki.
“Dad!” said Ayeka.
“Umm I’m more earthling than Tenchi,” said Henrii.
“No you are not because you look like a Juri warrior!” said Azusa.
“No I’m a Elite Forces of the GP who was born here and trained in the hands 
of the GP, right Mihoshi,” said Henrii.
“Yeah!” said Mihoshi as she continue to watch her show.
“Never mind you marrying him, Ayeka, he is a pathetic Earth creature,” said 
Azusa.
“Don’t you dare say that to my Henrii! Azusa,” said Washu angrily
“Oh so this Earth creature has a name hmm, Henrii is it? And you are in love 
to this Henrii?” said Azusa.
“Please Azusa calm down your veins are popping out of your forehead,” said 
Miaski.
“Yeah dad please,” said Sasami.
“Ok, Tenchi I need to talk to you,” said Azusa.
“Ok,” said Tenchi as he followed Azusa.
“I have sent another suitor to win the heart of my Ayeka, and I want to 
fight another suitor,” said Azusa.
“Again!” said Tenchi.
“Yes again, he should be arriving in any moment,” said Azusa.  Yukiyou ship 
arrived on Earth and Yukiyou exited his ship Seiryou came out and followed 
after him.
“What a disgusting planet,  I can’t believe a beautiful princess live here,” 
said Yukiyou.
“Yeah just totally disgusting,” said Seiryou.   Yukiyou see Azusa walking 
with a teenaged boy, he headed for them.
“King Azusa I came here to fight for the love for princess Ayeka,” said 
Yukiyou.
“Ah Yukiyou come and meet your opponet, Tenchi,” said Azusa.
“Hello I assume that you are the fool who dares to challenge my powers of 
fighting,” said Yukiyou.
“Umm yeah whatever,” said Tenchi.
“Let the fighting begin!” said Azusa.
“What! Already!” said Tenchi.  Everybody was outside sitting getting ready 
to watch the fight.  Henrii passed out popcorn and sodas to everyone.
“Come on Tenchi you can do it!” said Sasami.
“Win Tenchi, win!” said Henrii.
“Please win my love,” said Ayeka under her breath.
“Win for me Tenchiii! I know you are going to win!” said Ryoko finishing two 
whole bottle of sake.
“I thought you don’t want Tenchi to fight,” said Ayeka.
“Well I know Tenchi is going to win and boy I like to watch fights,” said 
Ryoko as she passed out on the ground.  Lady Funaho was walking to the 
Masaki home and yelled out.
“Don’t start yet, wait for me!” said Funaho.
“Ok!” said Azusa.
“I had to talk to Yosho, sorry if I’m late, go Tenchi win!” said Funaho as 
she sat down by Henrii.
“Popcorn?” said Henrii.
“Sure,” said Funaho.
“Tenchi meet your opponent!” said Azusa.
“Alright,” said Tenchi.
“Seiryou and Yukiyou come out!” said Azusa.  A huge smoke puff came out of 
nowhere and when the smoke clears Seiryou and Yukiyou came out.  There was a 
little laughter coming out from somebody.
“Who dares to laugh at us!” said Yukiyou.
“AHAHAHAHA!” laughed Henrii as popcorn came out of his mouth.  And pointed 
to them and continue to laugh.
“You with that white shirt stand up,”  said Yukiyou.
“Ahahaha sorry just that the guy with the pink hair is making me laugh!” 
said Henrii as he fall back down laughing.
“Grrr you I will challenge you to the death!” said Seiryou.  Henry stopped 
laughing and stood up and said to Seiryou.
“You are on,” said Henrii in a serious tone.
“No Henrii please! I won’t let you!” said Washu holding back Henrii’s arm.
“Please let go Washu I know what I’m doing,” said Henrii.
“Alright we will have a combat to the death first before we go into the main 
event,” said Azusa.  Seiryou was waiting for him.  Henrii walked up to 
Seiryou and said to him.
“Hey good luck you might need it,” said Henrii.
“I will kill you in one punch,” said Seiryou.  Henrii got into his fighting 
stance and Seiryou took out his fan.
“Fight!” said Azusa.  Henrii quickly charged at Seiryou face with a lot of 
force.
“Ah don’t attack at my beautiful face!” said Seiryou hiding his face with 
his fan.  Henrii quickly stopped and there was a very loud whack.  Seiryou 
fell to his knees in pain and holding his crotch.
“Ohh my nuts!” said Seiryou as he fell onto the floor.
“That was too easy, I will let you live,” said Henrii as he help Seiryou up.
“Henrii wins!” said Mihoshi.  Everybody cheers and Washu ran to Henrii.
“Good job Henrii,” said Washu as she pucker her lips for a kiss from Henrii. 
  Henrii placed his hand on Washu’s cheeks and kissed her on her forehead.  
They walk back to the patio and sat by Mihoshi, Sasami, and a drunk Ryoko.
“Good job brother fell down one the first attack,” said Yukiyou.
“Shut up!” said Sieryou in a high voice.
“Yukiyou you better win or else,” said Azusa.
“I understand my Lord,” said Yukiyou.
“Get up there Tenchi!” said Mihoshi.
“I don’t know,” said Tenchi scratching his head.
“Please Tenchi do it for me,” said Ayeka giving him an innocent look.
“ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ,” said Ryoko.
“Ok ok,” said Tenchi as he got his Tenchi-ken from his belt and walked up 
there.
“Go Tenchi!” said Henrii.
“Yeah go Tenchi you can do it!” said Sasami.
“You can do it Tenchi!” said Miaski.  Funaho looked up from her popcorn box 
and said.
“Good luck Tenchi,” said Funaho.  Tenchi looked into Yukiyou’s flaming red 
eyes.  His hair had the same color as he eyes.
“Go get him boy,” said Nobyuki.
“Fight!” said Azusa.  Tenchi took out his swords and his blue beem glow like 
the sky.  Yukiyou took out his long sword and rushed at Tenchi.  Tenchi 
blocked the attacked and attacked low.  Yukiyou jumped and landed on his 
feet.  Yukiyou jumped towards to Tenchi and attacked him.  Tenchi blocked 
with his might and attacked at his body but Yukiyou was able to dodge it.  
Tenchi continue his attack and Yukiyou keeps on moving back blocking.  
Tenchi tried to jump to the side of him to attack at his side.  Yukiyou was 
able to block Tenchi’s attack and pushed Tenchi backwards with his sword.  
Yukiyou attacked at him and kicked him in the stomach.  Tenchi fell on his 
back but quickly got back up.  Tenchi’s sword blade disappear.
“No! When I need it the most!” said Tenchi.
“This is the end Tenchi, hahaha!” said Yukiyou.  Azusa smiled and ready to 
see the end of Tenchi.
“Oh no my only son!” said Nobyuki.
“No, Tenchi!” said Sasami.
“My Tenchi!” said Ayeka.  Ayeka ran to aid Tenchi.
“No Ayeka don’t!” said Henrii holding back Nobyuki from interfering the 
fight.  Ayeka jump and pushed Tenchi away from the danger.  Yukiyou sword 
was coming down and made a cut on Ayeka side of her body.  Ayeka fell on the 
ground bleeding.  Yukiyou stop and was stunned by what he had done.  Azusa 
smiled turned into total anger.
“My baby Ayeka!” said Miaski.
“Ayeka!” said Sasami crying.
“Why you monster!” said Tenchi as his energy blade came back and charged 
that Yukiyou at full might.  Tenchi attacked him from the left and the right 
and Yukiyou sword was destroyed by Tenchi’s sword.  Tenchi made a quick 
solid slice and Yukiyou stood there.
“That was good Tenchi,” said Yukiyou with blood coming out of his mouth.  
Yukiyou body all of sudden turned into dust and disappear.
“Ayeka!” said Tenchi running to help Ayeka.
“You better leave Seriyou or you will end up like your brother!” said Azusa. 
  Sieryou quickly started to run back to Yukiyou ship and started to leave 
earth.
“Tenchi I… I…” said Ayeka with blood in mouth.
“Shhh all will be well,” said Tenchi.
“What have I done!” said Azusa.  Miaski ran to Azusa crying on his 
shoulders.
“Somebody help!  Washu, Henrii!” said Tenchi.
“Bring her to my lab in a hurry!” said Washu.  Tenchi pickup Ayeka and 
brought her into the door of the lab.  Everybody followed Tenchi except for 
a drunk Ryoko who is sleeping on the ground.
“Washu and I can take it from here Tenchi,” said Henrii as he took Ayeka 
body to the lab.  Washu closed the door and said.
“We will do our best to help Ayeka,” said Washu.
“Is Henrii able to help somebody in aid,” said Miaski
“I hope so,” said Washu as she closed the door.

End of Part V
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Any comments or question please e-mail me to hlok@hotmail.com
There are more to come so hang on!