Author's note: Okay, for those of you who remember Tenchi Near and Far, I
wrote that. I know it was terrible, but it was my first try. Let me start
over with this new series, which also has Nitsuj as a main character.
Don't worry, he's a lot different this time around, and I got some help
to write this.

Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo, and any names asociated with it, are property of
AIC and Pioneer. This story is not made to make money, it is something I
wrote because I had nothing better to do. So, having said that, please
don't sue.

Summary: Nitsuj, a character from Washu's past, drops in for a visit.

Tenchi Forevermore. Episode 1; Washu's old friend from another time

A young man strides across a stone circle, set in the middle of a field.
It is now night, fireflies have begun to shine, night creatures stir, and
crickets chirp. It's also cloudy, and really hard to see anything.No one
is around for miles.
The young lad walks to the middle of the circle, which is strewn with
overlaying glyphs, most of which are untranslateable, from an age of long
ago. At the middle of the circle the man lowers a hood that was on his
head, and speaks:
"I'm ready. Come and get me."

In Washu's lab, light-years away........

"Okay.....almost there, and......"
"Hi, Washu!"
"Waahhh!"
Washu, in the middle of building yet another machine (this one being able
of almost instantanious matter transfer, with a range of 1000
light-years. Quite a feat, even for the popular red-head.) was
interrupted, yet again, by Mihoshi.
The results were disasterous.
"Dammit, Mihoshi! How many times do I have to tell you, leave me alone
when I'm in the lab!?"
"Sorry......"
Washu clambered out from under a particularly large pile of scrap metal,
to glare fiercely at Mihoshi. Mihoshi, on the other hand, was now sitting
on another pile of scrap, looking confused, as usual.
"(Sigh) Don't worry about it." Washu then looked at her machine,
surprised, and more than a little pleased. "All right! No damage done!"
"Yippie!"
"Now with this, I can transfer an individual that's right now on the
surface of Netrar, by entering the correct code on my special control
panel, and bring him from over 50 light-years away, almost
instantaniously!"
"Is that right?"
"Do you understand?"
"Uh....."
"You don't understand."
"Um, no....."

Netrar.

"Hmm, she's late."
At last we can see the boy in the full light of the moon. He's wearing
emerald robes, the uniform of a Knight of Pluto. His face is peaceful,
and his brown eyes are warm, yet hard at the same time. His features are
flawed by a slight scar that mars the side of his chin, and is nearly
invisible. His straight, brown hair reaches his middle back, and is
flowing with the wind. He senses trouble.
"Damn it."
Out of a patch of woods directly in front of him, four people ride out on
horseback. The leader, wearing black battle armor, and with short,
crew-cut black hair, speaks. "Nitsuj, you will never escape us. No matter
where you go, we will find you. Don't make this difficult!"
Nitsuj pulled a silver tube, about the size of a sword hilt, from a
sleeve of his robe, and said "You should know by now, I will not consort
with those who have no honor and betray their king. Leave now, or you
will die!"
The four on horseback pull out tubes of their own. They ignite into four
blades, one red as blood, one green as a leaf, one white as snow, one
yellow as acid, and one purple as a king's cape. They rear their horses,
and charge Nitsuj.
"Damn!" Nitsuj ignites his own blade, pale blue as ice, and a yellow
light encompeses him.
"What the hell is that!?"
"He's getting away!"
Nitsuj disappears, and the light leaves.
The one in black rides up to where Nitsuj was, and looks around. "Damn
it! Where the hell is he!?"

Washu's lab

"Fine, you sons of........ Hey, where'd they go?" Nitsuj asked, looking
around. "And where am I?"
Nitsuj was on a sort of raised circle, in the middle of a small, circular
room. There was one door, and an old friend came through it.
"Nitsuj?"
"Washu! 'Sup?"
Yes, Washu came through the door, dressed in regular shorts and a t-shirt
that said "You're all stupid" on it. Although was face and clothes were
slightly black from ashes on them, she still basically looked the same as
when they had last parted.
"Same old, same old. I can't believe how much you've changed, though!"
"You think so?"
"Well, yeah. It's been over 50,000 years, you know."
"I guess," Nitsuj said as he shrugged. "But you haven't changed at all.
Even your hair is the same."
Mihoshi walked in the door at that time, sooty as well.
"Miss Washu, who is that?" she asked.
"An old friend of mine. Mihoshi, meet Nitsuj, the Knight of Pluto."
"Hi." said Nitsuj.
"Hi. So, what's a Knight of Pluto? How'd you know Washu? How old are
you?"
"Uh," Nitsuj was slightly overwhelmed. Never before had he met someone
with such energy.
"Do you also know Ryoko? How about Aeka? Do you want to see them? Do you
think they're pretty?......."

Later

"Okay?" said Nitsuj.
"Um, I don't get it."
"Man....."
Then, Sasami's voice could be heard, saying "Washu! Mihoshi! Dinnertime!
Come and get it before it gets cold!"
"Thanks, Sasami! We'll be up in a minute!" said Washu.
"Um, so what do I do now?" asked Nitsuj.
"What do you mean, 'What do I do now?' You're coming with us and eat some
dinner, then you're gonna stay for a while." answered Washu.
"Uh, but I don't want to impose......"
"Forget about it. I'm sure Tenchi will let you stay."
"But-"
"But nothing, now go." said Washu, as she pushes Nitsuj out the door, and
through the inter-dimensional tunnel connectin her lab to Tenchi's house.

The dinner table

"Goddamn it, where's Washu?" asked Ryoko.
"I don't know, but she's almost always late." said Aeka.
"She's probably doing something really important." said Tenchi.
"Hey, guys! Sorry we're late!" said Mihoshi, as she ran into the room,
and took her seat at the table.
"Yeah, we got a little held up." said Washu, still pushing Nitsuj.
After coming in, Washu let Nitsuj go, and sat down at her seat. Nitsuj
just stood there, his face to the ground, while everyone else just stared
at him. Finally, Washu saved him.
"Well, don't just stand there, come sit down."
Nitsuj jerked, then proceded to the table, walking like an automatron,
and sat down between Washu and Tenchi. Tenchi looked at Nitsuj, and
greeted him.
"Hi. I'm Tenchi. Who're you?"
Nitsuj mumbled something.
Ryoko cupped her hand to her ear and said "What? Speak up!"
"You'll have to excuse him, he's a bit shy." said Washu.
Nitsuj's face turned red and he mumbled "I am not shy." He looked up. "My
name is Nitsuj."
"I see......" said Keyone.
"Wait.....Nitsuj.....Nitsuj......*gasp* You mean the legendary warrior,
Nitsuj, the Knight of Pluto!?" asked Aeka.
Nitsuj lowered his head, and mumbled "Yeah, that's right."
"What?" asked Tenchi.
"I said that's right!" said Nitsuj.
Silence filled the room, as the entire Masaki family stared at Nitsuj in
shock. Nitsuj turned red, and Mihoshi kept on eating.

The next morning.......

Nitsuj was standing in the middle of Tenchi's swordfighting training
area, but of course he didn't know that. He looked on, admiring the
beauty of Earth, much like Aeka did when she first arrived, but of course
he didn't know that, either.
After a few minutes, he heard a voice say "Good morning."
Nitsuj looked around, expecting an enemy. It was only Tenchi.
"Ahh. Good morning."
"Sleep well?"
"You could say that."
"I'm surprised. You couldn't get me to sleep well on the roof."
Nitsuj shrugged. "I just like sleeping under the stars."
"I see. Hey, do you swordfight?"
"What?"
"You know, fight with swords."
"Yes."
"Cool! Wanna practice with me?"
"Not really...."
"Oh, come on, don't be a wussy."
Nitsuj looked straight at Tenchi. "Excuse me? For your information, I've
been practicing swordfighting since before your great-grandmother was
born. You cannot possible compare with my skills. Don't you dare call me
a wussy."
"Oh, come on, don't get so uptight. Please, just for a little bit?"
"*sigh* You're not gonna let up until I say yes, are you?"
"Not a chance."
"Fine."
"All right! Here, take this." Tenchi gives Nitsuj a kendo stick, then
takes out one for himself. The two size each other up, then begin to
circle each other, slowly. Tenchi makes the first move.
With a yell, Tenchi dives forward, and jabs the pommel of his sword at
Nitsuj's head. Nitsuj ducks, and swings his sword up to greet Tenchi's
solar plexus. Tenchi blocks, and the force of the blow propels him
several feet ahead.
"You're pretty fast." said Tenchi.
"As are you."
This time, Nitsuj strikes first, preparing to deliver a blistering swing
to Tenchi's shins. Tenchi jumps up, and in the meantime, brings the blade
down so it's at a 90 degree angle, and lets gravity pull the end to the
back of Nitsuj's neck.
Nitsuj rolls away, and jumps up, ready for another one. Tenchi rushes in,
taking advantage of Nitsuj recovering, and begins delivering a series of
sharp, fast blows, all of which Nitsuj blocks.
This continues for quite some time, until both of them are sweating
profusely, and breathing hard. Neither one was able to land a blow on the
other.
"It seems I underestimated you." said Nitsuj between gasps.
"Yeah." answered Tenchi.
"You're pretty good. I'd say about as good as me."
"Thanks, old man." Tenchi says while laughing weakly.
"No problem, sonny." replies Nitsuj, also laughing.
The two collapse on the ground, and progressively laugh harder, while
laying on their backs.
Ryoko and Aeka walk up, at just about the time they fall down and begin
laughing.
"So, what do you think's up?" asks Ryoko.
"I don't know. Boys are so weird." replies Aeka.

The End. (of episode one!)
