Tenchi and Ryoko Forever

This is your standard disclaimer. I don't own these characters nor do I posses 
any right to them. These characters and story line are the sole rights of 
Pioneer and AIC, so please don't sue me for letting you see my side of the 
story. 
So what do you say if Ryoko is not the bad person everybody thinks she is? What 
if she is actually the decent one. You know, the ordinary person like you and I 
except she has all these cool powers that make her stronger than you and I. 
Well, that's exactly how I see her and that is how I am going to let you see 
her. So kick back and enjoy my dreams.


Hovering inches above the Misaki house, Ryoko sits in the lotus position outside 
of Tenchi's room. "I understand." Ryoko replies through a deep exhale as the 
twinkling of lights fade from around her head.
Raising her head, she looks to the setting sun with a heavy heart. "Oh Tenchi, 
why can't you just choose me? It would be so much easier. I could make you 
happy." she thinks to herself.

Part Two

A sudden crash breaks the stillness as the sun finally sets. "Where is she?" 
Ayeka rants while she storms through the house in search of Ryoko. "Where is 
that filthy space pirate? And what could she have been doing all day?" 
"Ayeka," Sasami pleads with her older sister. "I don't think Tenchi will 
appreciate you breaking his things." 
Dropping a porcelain figurine to the floor, Ayeka covers her mouth and takes in 
a deep breath as it smashes. "I'm sorry Sasami. Your are right, this is no way 
for the crown princes of Jurai to act."
"What isn't?" Ryoko laughs as she phases into the living room and levitates down 
next to Ayeka. "Now, what are you babbling about princes." Ryoko taunts.
Sasami letting loose a long sigh looks to Ryoko, "Ayeka's mad Ryoko. She thinks 
you have been flirting with Tenchi all day."
"Sasami!" Ayeka scolds. "I did not believe for an instant that Lord Tenchi would 
waste his days with the likes of this riff-raff!" 
"Hey!!! You better watch who you call riff-raff princes. It wouldn't be very re-
spectable if you got your royal butt kicked by the riff-raff." Ryoko stands face 
to face with Ayeka charging a fluorescent orange energy ball. 
"Besides princes, Tenchi and I were planning our escape from this planet and 
you." Ryoko begins to laugh at the expense of Ayeka.
"What?" Ayeka begins to shout as she once again looses her composure. "I mean, I 
don't believe for a second that Lord Tenchi would waste his time doing anything 
with you." Ayeka begins to smirk as her words sting Ryoko.
Ryoko settles back into a more relaxed state as she leans against the wall with 
her hands behind her head and laughs in Ayekas' face. "Ah well...say what you 
will princes, but Tenchi and I are in love. And you are jealous." 
"Me? Jealous? Of what?" and she begins to laugh hysterically at Ryoko. "What 
could you possibly have that Lord Tenchi would ever want over me?" Ayeka sneers 
with much confidence.
Ryoko traces the natural curves of her body with her hands and cocks one hip 
toward Ayeka. "Isn't it obvious what I have that you don't princes?"
Static sparks fill the air as Ayeka begins to build up energy for an attack on 
Ryoko. This in effect causes everyone to vacate the living room.
"Ayeka," Sasami pleads. " I don't think Tenchi would like you and Ryoko fighting 
in the house."
The electrical charge of power subsides as Sasami pleads her case.
"Hi everybody." Tenchi announces as he walks through the door. "Oh I see." He 
says with some great sourcasm as he looks on to Ayeka and Ryoko who are facing 
each other in a combative stance. "Why am I not surprised?" 
Breaking off their fight, Ryoko phases out and back in again on Tenchi's arm 
with her head resting on his shoulder. "Oh Tenchi, when are we going to leave 
this place? It's awfully crowded here and besides, it'll be fun to be away from 
her." 
Ayeka's face turns red with rage and she rushes in and parts Tenchi and Ryoko. 
Lord Tenchi, this woman is unbearable. She is rude and has no social grace what-
so-ever. You couldn't possibly want to live the rest of your life wanted."
"Miss Ayeka, I assure you I have no intentions of running off anywhere with any 
of you." 
Ayeka steps back and looks into Tenchis eyes with the look of a heart child." I 
see."
Tenchi reaches out to Ayeka as she turns to run. "Miss Ayeka, that's not what I 
meant!" he shouts to her fleeing back.
"Just let her go Tenchi. We're better off with out her." Ryoko laughs as she 
snuggles in closer to Tenchi. 
Looking at Ryoko through the corner of his eyes he steps out from under her 
resting head.
Ryoko falls to the floor and then looks back up at Tenchi with hurt and anger in 
her eyes. "Hey! What the heck was that all about?" 
"I think you understand." Tenchi walks off to go to his room.
Ryoko remains sitting on the floor and shakes her head. "He sure is stubborn."

Part Three

Tenchi knocks on Ayeka's bedroom door and waits for her to answer. "Go away!" 
Ayeka barks out.
"Miss Ayeka," Tenchi speaks. "Miss Ayeka, I didn't mean that the way that it 
sounded. I just meant that I am still to young to even think about getting 
married. And to ask me to decide between you, or Ryoko, or anybody else for that 
matter right now is unfair."
"Miss Ayeka, I'm sorry about what I said. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. I 
like you and Ryoko. But right now I like you both and lets leave it at that. 
Okay?" Tenchi sits by Ayeka and looks into her soft eyes.
"Oh Tenchi." Ayeka sobs as she throws herself into Tenchi's arms.
Tenchi leans back a little as Ayeka nestles in closer to him. After a moment, he 
shrugs his shoulders and holds her tightly. 

Part Four

As the occupant's of the Misaki home sleep, one person remains ever vigilant. 
Floating just outside Tenchi's window, Ryoko watches as Tenchi sleeps. "I'm 
sorry I can't tell you the truth Tenchi. But I really do love you." she speaks 
softly to herself. 
"And exactly what is it you can't tell him Ryoko?" a gentle voice brings Ryoko 
about quickly wielding her energy staff. 
"Oh Tsunami, it's you. I wish you wouldn't do that." Ryoko complains as she dis-
perses the energy in the staff. 
"So tell me Ryoko, what is it that you can't tell him? Is it that you really 
love him or is it something much more than that?"
"Back off Tsunami!" Ryoko threatens. 
"What is it Ryoko? And why can you not tell him? Don't you know that love has 
it's ways of working out if you are honest with one another?" 
"It just wasn't meant to be Tsunami, and there is nothing anyone can do about 
it. So, just let it go." 
"Ryoko, will you be back?" Tsunami asks softly.
Letting her head fall, Ryoko stands silently for a long moment. "No. Not this 
time Tsunami and don't you go blabbing to any one either." she turns and faces 
Tsunami for the last time. "I don't want them to holding me back here any 
longer, got it?"
Giving an easy smile, Tsunami responds, "I think I understand Ryoko. Good-bye."
Ryoko phases out leaving Tsunami standing alone in the nights cool autumn air. 
"Good-bye Ryoko." 
Phasing into princess Ayeka and Sasami's room, Ryoko notices that Sasami is 
gone. "Damn! I wanted to say goo-bye to Sasami too." Ryoko pouts at the loss of 
a good-bye. 
Looking over Ayeka's sleeping body, Ryoko speaks softly to Ayeka.  "You may have 
him Ayeka, but you won't have everything. I have to stop one or the other. And 
since I can't keep you and Tenchi from falling in love, then I will have to make 
sure that your empire doesn't get the final stone. I'm sorry princess, I really 
liked you to." Ryoko sheds a tear for the loss of her friends. 
Reaching down she picks up Ryo-ohki. "Come on Ryo-ohki, we have business to take 
care of." and she phases out with the half asleep cabbit.
Once outside, Ryoko looks back to the Misaki house one final time. "Good-bye 
guys, it's been fun."
Grabbing the half dazed cabbit by the ears, Ryoko flings it into the air and 
yells to her, "Okay Ryo-ohki, let's go."  Giving a loud miya, the Ryo-ohki the 
cabbit becomes Ryo-ohki the infamous pirate ship.
Turning from the Misaki house Ryoko phases onto the deck of Ryo-ohki. "All right 
Ryo-ohki, you know where to go." 
Ryo-ohki begins to accelerate and gives a soft miya. 
"I know Ryo-ohki I wish it could work out too, but it didn't and now we have to 
use the other plan."
"Miya miya miyaaa..." Ryo-ohki howls as they speed through space on their jour-
ney to Jurai.

Part Five

As the sun slowly crept up into the sky, Sasami walks through the house 
searching everyone out for the morning breakfast. 
"Mihoshi, it's breakfast time. Could you tell Kiyone?" 
Giggling haplessly, "Sure Sasami. I'll be glad to."
Sasami walked off to find the rest of the group. "Tenchi! Tenchi! It's breakfast 
time. Come and eat Tenchi."
"Okay Sasami, I'm coming right down." Tenchi announces as he buttons the front 
of his shirt. 
Walking into hers and Ayeka's room, Sasami looks at her older sister as she fin-
ishes putting on her kimonos. "Have you seen Ryoko or Ryo-ohki Ayeka?" Sasami 
asks her sister.
"No thank goodness. That person is the last thing in this universe that I would 
ever want to wake up seeing." Ayeka snaps.
"Sorry." Sasami apologizes as she ducks back out.
Arriving downstairs Sasami sets the table as Mihoshi carelessly spills soup and 
drops plates on the floor. 
With everyone at the table eating Nobuyuki takes note that they are two short at 
the table. "Where is Ryoko? It's not like her to miss a meal." he asks through a 
mouth full of rice and vegetables. 
"I don't know." Sasami adds. "I looked everywhere and couldn't find either of 
them."
"Oh they're probably off having a nap or a long bath this morning." Ayeka re-
sponds nastily.
"I don't think so." Washu adds as she enters the dining are where everybody is 
eating.
Everyone now looking to the pink haired scientist, Washu continues. "At exactly 
03:47 a.m. this morning, my sensors detected a sub warp drive engine accelerate. 
Leaving earth's atmosphere I might add."
"So, exactly what are you saying Washu?" asks Tenchi with concern. 
With no remorse or sadness, princess Ayeka announces the obvious. "I think that 
Miss Washu is saying that Ryoko has finally left all of us to continue her life 
of riff-raff. And I for one am glad to be rid of her." 
Tenchi looks scoldingly to the princess. "You know Ayeka. Miss Ryoko did save 
you from Kagato that time if you remember. So, she can't be all that bad right?"
Now a little embarrassed, Ayeka covers her face in mock remorse. "Oh I am sorry. 
But that woman is encourageable at times!"
"Well, never the less Miss Ayeka, you should show some respect for your 
friends." Tenchi reminds her.
Turning their attentions back to Washu, Ayeka asks, "Miss Washu, where is it do 
you think that Ryoko is going?" 
"Well princess," Washu sits down and begins stuffing her mouth with large por-
tions of shrimp and vegetables. "my sensors indicate that she is headed for 
Jurai." 
Spitting food all over the table and those around it as well as knocking over 
glasses , Ayeka stands and shouts, "What do you mean heading for Jurai?"
"That's right princess." Washu gloats. "I can't be for sure yet. I am still 
waiting for the transmission from my subspace transceiver on the outer ring of 
the galaxy of Jurai. But according to the course that she is been tracked on, I 
am 99.999% certain that that's where she is going."
"What could Ryoko be thinking?" Ayeka asks. "She is the most wanted criminal in 
the galaxy. The royal fleet will assuredly attack her." 
"Maybe that's why she is going there. Maybe she is going to finish the job that 
she started seven hundred years ago." Wahsu points out through a mouthful of 
food.
"They will kill her." Ayeka resounds in astonishment. "Why would Ryoko do that. 
Why would she kill herself like that?" Ayeka is now confused.
Washu looks to Ayeka a little smug. "Are you sure about that princess? After 
all, didn't she nearly destroy the entire planet of Jurai and its' empire?" 
Now smiling completely satisfied, "Oh by the way princess, here is something 
else to think about. Have you given consideration to the fact that Ryo-ohki was 
altered along with Ryoko and their gems? They are more powerful now than they 
ever have been."
Washu sits back in her chair completely full and releases a gassy belch. "Well, 
I have to get back to the lab now and see if my ultimate weapon works or not."
All at the table looked to each other frightened. "Now what was that all about?" 
Mihoshi asked mindlessly.
Kiyone looked to Tenchi. "Tenchi, do you think Ryoko will try that?"
Tenchi looked off into the distance for a moment and shook his head, "This 
doesn't make sense. Why is Ryoko acting like this?"
"Tenchi, I would like to see you at the shrine this morning." Yosho instructed 
his grandson.
"Grandfather, why are we practicing today? Can't you see we have a situation 
here?"
"Yes Tenchi I can. And we aren't practicing today we're discussing your future." 
Yosho turned and left the party to their morning meal.
"Excuse me everybody, but I have to go now." Tenchi announces as he gets up to 
leave. "Thank you for the breakfast Sasami, it was very good."
"You're welcome Tenchi." Sasami smiles.
Leaving the dining area, Tenchi heads straight for Washu's lab. Stopping short 
of the door, he takes a deep breath remembering the last time that he entered 
Washu's lab alone. He had almost been violated had it not been for the bumbling 
of Mihoshi. 
As a caution though, he knocked on Washu's door and announced himself. "Washu? 
Are you down here Washu?" he asked as he carefully opened the door and began his 
descent down the stairs.
"I'm over here Tenchi." Washu proclaimed from behind her transparent floating 
work station. "Don't worry Tenchi, I'm to busy to perform any experiments on you 
today." 
With a sigh of relief, Tenchi relaxed. "Are you looking for Ryoko?" his heart 
fluttered a little at the thought of her being in danger.
"Yes Tenchi. I am looking for Ryoko. A funny thing happened in the alpha, zeta, 
and omega quadrants this morning. All of my sub space transceivers scanned Ryo-
ohki simotaniously."
"So what does that mean?" Tenchi asked a little nervous.
"Well Tenchi, it means that I can't tell for sure if she is headed for Jurai. 
None of these zones are in the vacinity of Jurai. In fact, they are out of the 
way. And another thing, it is impossible to be in all of those place at once." 
Producing a stellar map Washu began to highlight the locations of the scanning. 
"You see those stars that are circled there, there, and there," she points to 
three spots on the stellar chart. "Well, in order to get from one of these 
points it would take at least 36.31587 hours at maximum velocity to get to the 
other. And the scanning were only .00001129 of a nanosecond apart."
"How is that Washu? Is there three Ryokos?" 
Now, in a more serious mood, Washu looked into Tenchi's eyes, "I don't know 
Tenchi."
After a moment of silence Washu spoke again, "Tenchi, why don't you go see your 
grandfather like he asked you to. I will call you if I find anything out. And 
Tenchi, don't worry about Ryoko, she'll be all right."
"Yaaa, I guess your right. Well, I do need to go see grandpa anyway, so I'll see 
you later."
Tenchi quickly ascended the stairs to meet with his grandfather at the shrine. 
Starring at her monitor for a long moment, Washu tapped on the edge of the 
keyboard with her index finger. "Now what are you doing my daughter? What could 
you possibly be doing that could constitute suicide?"
She sat patiently watching as her computer ran down a sequence of numbers and 
eliminated another shadow on her map. "Now, just one more to go." 

Part Six

"Grandpa! Grandpa!" Tenchi yelled out as he approached the shrine. "Where are 
you grandpa?" 
"Tenchi, over here, by the top of the steps." Yosho responded from the top of 
the shrine.
Tenchi quickly leaped up to the top of the steps and knelt next to his grandfa-
ther. "You wanted to see me grandpa?" 
"Yes Tenchi. Have some tea." his grandfather offered him a cup of hot tea. 
"Tenchi tell me about your feelings for Ayeka?" 
Tenchi choked on the hot tea and began yelling frantically. "Hey what the heck 
are you talking about grandpa? You're getting as bad as dad you dirty old man."
"Huh??!!" his grandfather looked to him in confusion.
"I swear grandpa, all you and dad ever think about is girls." Tenchi began 
rattling on. 
"Tenchi!" Yosho yelled stearnly. "I was not thinking of that. I was thinking of 
your place in the royal family of Jurai." Yosho cleared his voice as he settled 
back down into a relaxed state.
"I don't get... Ohh no you don't old man. You are not making do something that 
you yourself wouldn't do. Don't even think about it." Tenchi began to get up to 
leave.
"Tenchi, sit please." Yosho indicated to the place next to him. "I was not 
thinking of that either. I was thinking of your concern in choosing one of the 
many women that adore you." 
Yosho appearing more sympathetic, put his hand on Tenchi's shoulder. "Tenchi, I 
can see it in your eyes and so can the others. You have strong feelings for both 
of those women. And this makes it difficult for you to choose. But choose you 
must and you must remember that when you do, there are good things and bad 
things about your choices. You must make your choice from the heart."
"I know grandpa, but I don't want to choose anyone right now. I just want to be 
myself."
Now looking older than ever, Yosho pat his grandson on the back. "Tenchi that is 
why I stayed on earth in the first place. I wanted to be my own man, and that is 
what I did."
"So you understand when I say I just might not choose any of them?" Tenchi 
asked.
"Yosho smiled at his grandson, "Yes I do." 
"Good.  I have to go to school now grandpa. I don't need to miss anymore. The 
teachers are getting tired of me not being there." 

Part Seven

"Mihoshi!" Kiyone yells at her estrange partner. "Aren't you paying attention to 
that alert?" 
Mihoshi snores loudly.
" I hate her." Kiyone complains to herself.
Pushing Mihoshi's chair over backwards, Kiyone yells at her partner. "Mihoshi! 
We have a level 5 alert on the scanner!" 
Mihoshi sits up and looks about. "I must of fallen asleep." 
"Oh Kiyone, we have a level 5 security alert!"
Taking her seat at the helm of the Yagami, Kiyone answers the distress call. 
"This officer Kiyone of the Galaxy Police. What is the nature of your 
emergency?" 
Officer Kiyone, this is Captain Sato of Jurai's royal fleet. We are currently 
under attack by the infamous space pirate Ryoko. She is ravaging every thing 
here. None of our ships are fast enough to keep up with her. We need help!" The 
monitor goes blank as the fuzz of nothingness consumes the monitor. 
"Come on Mihoshi, we have to stop Ryoko before she does anymore damage. Ignite 
vector thrust." Kiyone orders as she begins her presubspace jump. 
Punching in a few buttons on her console, Kiyone opens communication with 
Washu's lab. "Professor Washu."
Looking more that a little disturbed Washu responds, "I heard Kiyone. And to an-
swer your question, I have no idea what that girl is up to. None of this makes 
any sense to me either. And I am the mad scientist remember?"
"Don't worry professor, we'll stop her. And we'll bring her back alive you can 
count on that." Kiyone assures Washu.
"Kiyone," Washu warns. "Don't be so concerned about saving here that you get 
Mihoshi and yourself killed. You have to do what you have to do, right?
"Don't worry professor Washu, like I said, we'll bring her back alive"
Mihoshi, erase that last transmission from the memory banks of the Yagami and 
its' satellites as well as the memory banks of the relay stations. We don't want 
any one else discovering this little incident."
Looking to the monitor, "Professor Washu, can you tell if any one else has 
intercepted that last transmission?"
"No Kiyone. It was a weak transmission sent through my transceiver stations. No 
one else even knows about its existence."
Mihoshi, have you erased that last transmission from the Yagami?"
"Yes Kiyone, I erased the last transmission from the Yagami." 
I said erase that last transmission from the Yagamis' memory banks not erase the 
Yagamis' last transmission!" Kiyone yells angrily. "Ohhh, never mind, I'll do it 
myself."
"There, now that that is done, Professor Washu. Can you tell where Ryoko is 
now?"
"No Kiyone, I can't. Ryo-ohki seems to be casting a shadow in another quadrant 
and it's taking some time to decipher which is the shadow and which isn't. 
"All right, we lay an intercept course for the center. When you get the coordi-
nates, let us know so we can reroute a more efficient course."
" Got it Kiyone." Washu finished. 
With several more taps on her keyboard, Kiyone plotted an intercept course that 
ran parallel to the course of the shadow and Ryo-ohki.
"Hang on Mihoshi. We're entering subspace warp."
In a matter of seconds the Yagami was headed for the Idian System. 


Part Eight

"Ryo-ohki, fire now!" with several marvelous blast of iridescent orange and red 
streams Ryo-ohki sends borrage after borrage of concentrated energy beams onto 
the deck of Jurai's Hakiru. 
"Captain, we've lost all power to the forward engines!" the first officer, a 
young man of about thirty years, yells in panic. 
The captain, starring off into space at the little pirate ship, just stands 
there stunned as Ryo-ohki sends a final blow to the ships main deck. 
With a huge explosion and the darkness of space being lit up by the momentary 
light of the ships detonation, Ryo-ohki gives a soft sympathetic miya.
"I know Ryo-ohki." Ryoko responds with sadness. "But you know as well as I do 
that we can't let it get back to Jurai that it's us until we find that stone." 
"Miya!" Ryo-ohki yells into the blackness of space as they race to the next 
challenge.
After a quick jump from one quadrant to the next, Ryoko and Ryo-ohki hover in a 
nearby planets orbit looking for their quarry. Here Ryo-ohki, this is it. I know 
it. The stone is down there." Ryoko yells excitedly. 
"Get us closer Ryo-ohki. I have to get that stone no matter what." And with no 
further prompting from Ryoko, Ryo-ohki lands at the exact location that Ryoko 
instructs her to.
"Now Ryo-ohki, let's get that stone and get back to earth. Maybe then Tenchi can 
be mine." Ryoko fantasizes.
Carefully the two adventurers traverse the lifeless planet. "Miya." complains 
Ryo-ohki. 
"I know." Ryoko agrees.
Approaching a massive cave, Ryoko and Ryo-ohki look to each other questionably. 
"Okay," Ryoko finally responds, "In we go." And in they go.
Floating carefully off of the floor and away from any floor traps, Ryoko looks 
cautiously for any thing that may be higher up. "I don't get." she complains. 
"What is this place?" 
Suddenly a blast of energy slices the dark path of the cave and smashes into the 
wall just behind the two causing a cave in and trapping them. 
"What the hell was that?" Ryoko yells out. "Show yourself you coward! Or are you 
afraid of a girl?"
A thin ragged man steps out from the darkness. In a gentle manner, he speaks to 
Ryoko. "I fear no one." he pauses just in sight.
"So you must be the protector in the legends." Ryoko states distastefully. "All 
right, then let's be done with this so I can claim my prize and get back to 
earth." Ryoko laughs.
Very confidently the dark man replies. "Yes, lets."
Calling on the powers that she wields, Ryoko creates her energy staff. "Are you 
talented or have you just been lucky this entire time?" she bates the dark mans 
temper.
Laughing a little at her ploy for confidence he replies to her, "I've just been 
lucky."
Charging in swinging her staff high and then low at direct arcs for his crotch 
and then to his head, Ryoko has her attacks blocked with minimum effort with his 
energy fields. 
"See, I told you I was just lucky." he laughs.
Ryoko standing back a little out of shape for this and breathing a little hard, 
swears, "Damn your strong!"
Ryoko charges in with staff in hand and firing bursts of explosive energy at the 
dark marauder. "Take that!"
The stranger just stands waiting for Ryoko to get within melee range. When she 
does, she swings her staff twirling in her hand, high aiming for his head and 
then lets loose a torrent of energy at his midsection.
To her surprise the stranger was there and at the same time was not there. 
Though his form appeared to be real and solid, she watched as her attacks passed 
safely though him. 
With Ryoko completely off guard, the stranger reached inside of Ryoko's body 
with his left hand and laughed. "Now Ryoko, your soul is mine."
With a shriek of anger and horror, Ryoko and Ryo-ohki both yell out as Ryoko fi-
nally dies.

Part Nine

Walking home on a peaceful autumn afternoon, Tenchi enjoys the turning of the 
color of the leaves. "I sure wish it would stay like this forever." Tenchi muses 
to himself. His mind wonders to those days that he played by the cave that Ryoko 
had spent the last seven hundred years held prisoner, and yet he felt no bond 
with any one else like he did with Ryoko. 
It was true that she was a trouble maker, and that she thrived on creating havoc 
in his life. But the simple fact is, she has always been there for him in one 
way or another. 
For a moment he stopped and thought about how beautiful she looked standing in 
the setting sun on days like this. Her cyan hair, and her shapely figure. A 
smile comes to his face as he relizes for the first time that it is Ryoko that 
makes him smile. It's the way that she always finds her way out of every mess, 
even if she did get herself there. He also realizes, for the first time, it is 
her that has given him the strength to overcome the obstacles in his life. 
When his mother died, he went to the cave as a young boy. Why? Because Ryoko was 
there and had a way of comforting him and giving him the will to survive. 
Smiling, Tenchi begins to run so that he can find her and tell her the truth. A 
few moments later, he finds himself a little out of breath and kneeling. 
"What happened?" he asks as he looks around the forest. His body begins to 
tremble and shake down to his very core. His arms and legs become weak and 
unable to support him any longer and he falls to the ground. 
Laying on his back, he looks up and things seem to spin a little and the colors 
seem to run together. "What's going on?" his mind searches desperately as he 
tries to remain conscious.
When Tenchi Misaki finally comes to, he finds himself lying on the forest floor 
looking up to the stars. Still a little disoriented and severely exhausted, 
Tenchi gets back up on his feet. Again he looks to the stars and in a quiet 
whisper he calls her name, "Ryoko." 
He runs for the house with the agility of a deer. Bounding through the forest in 
desperation to get to Professor Washu's lab. Is it true or is it a moment of 
worry that comes when loved ones are lost?
Once he arrives at the house he crashes through the door and races through the 
bewildered crowd and down the stairs that leads to Professor Washu's lab. 
"Washu! Washu!" he yells the whole way down the stairs. "Washu! Is it true? 
Where is Ryoko?" Techi yells to her.
Upon arriving in what seems to be years in the heart of the lab, he stands over 
a crying Washu. Sobbing and frantic, Washu morns hysterically, "Tenchi she's 
dead! Ryoko's dead!" and she breaks down further. 
"What are you saying Washu? How do you know she is dead?" Tenchi's heart sinks 
to the pit of his stomach.
Trying to fight back the tears long enough to speak, she points to the stacis 
chamber where Ryoko's body rests supported by a clear liquid.
Slowly Tenchi approaches the stacis chamber. He reaches up and touches the glass 
walls in hope that she will reach out and try to touch him back. "Oh Washu, 
can't you bring her back?" Tenchi asks sullenly.
Sobbing greatly Washu replies, "I can't Tenchi. Her soul is gone. There is noth-
ing there but her body. Everything is gone, her mind, her spirit, her will live 
to live, even her love for you." 
Tenchi reaches out to Washu and gather her in his arms. "Calm down Washu. Calm 
down. We need to figure this out and fast."
Letting her cry a little more, Tenchi sets her down on her chair and asks her, 
"What happened. How do you know that her soul is gone?"
A lot clearer and more coherent, Washu begins to explain. "I was eliminating the 
ghosts that Ryoko and Ryo-ohki had left for me to chase in my computer when sud-
denly all of them disappeared." she snaps her fingers. "Just like that all of 
them were gone and there was Ryo-ohki races throughout the stars straight for us 
at a dangerous speed." 
Stopping long enough to take a deep breath, Washu continued her story. "When I 
calculated the impossibility of the Ryo-ohki's speed with the other elements of 
the missing shadows and the sudden disappearance of Ryoko and Ryo-ohki I 
concluded that something was wrong. I began a long range scan and couldn't find 
life signs of Ryoko anywhere. I just figured that was because Ryo-ohki was 
traveling so fast that I couldn't get an accurate beat on Ryoko. "
Washu's eyes beginning to water again as she fights back the tears, Washu fin-
ishes quickly, "That was just before Ryo-ohki came crashing to earth unable to 
decelerate in time. And there lay Ryoko, just like that." Again Professor Washu 
began to cry hysterically.
Tenchi turned his back to Washu and walked back to the stacis chamber where 
Ryoko's body lay. He looked over to the smaller chamber where Ryo-ohki was. He 
looked at the tubes and wire harness that were all intertwined with the cabbit. 
"How is Ryo-ohki?" he asked with concern.
A little calmer now, Washu walked up behind Tenchi, "She will be all right. I 
just had to revitalize fluids and several missing mineral in her system. That 
trip she made coming back nearly tore her apart for good." 
Looking heavily at the glass, Tenchi asks, "When can she fly?" 
Looking at Tenchi confused, she responds, "In another 36 hour." 
"Washu? Is there anyway that you can fix this? I mean, if we can find what did 
this, can you bring her back?" Tenchi asks.
"I don't know Tenchi. In twelve hours I will be able to access Ryo-ohi's memory 
banks. Maybe then I can find out some answers and maybe then I can answer your 
question. But first I have to let Ryo-ohki do some repairs so that I can access 
those banks." 
"Professor Washu, you are the greatest scientific mind in the universe, I 
believe in you. Call me when you find out the answer will you please. I have to 
go see some one for now." Tenchi put on a fake smile.
"Sure Tenchi." Washu smiles back.
Walking out, all look to Tenchi as he walked past them and towards the shrine. 
He made only one stop on his way to the shrine, he stopped at his mothers' 
grave. "Hi mom." Tenchi says sadly. "I know I don't come here often. I guess if 
I were a better son I would. But the truth is that it really hurts to know that 
you are here and I can't hear or see you. But that's not why I am here today. I 
am here to tell you about someone really special in my life. Her name is Ryoko." 
he smiles at the sound of her name.
"She is a beautiful woman and you would like her," he reflects back on her real 
personality, "...once you get past her rough edges." he adds as a second 
thought.
"The thing that you would really like about her is that she loves me and would 
die for me. In fact she has died for me on several occasions. But thanks to her 
mother, Professor Washu, we have always been able to get her back." he lowers 
his head with sadness.
"I guess that's why I am here today. I am here to ask you, if she is there with 
you in heaven, tell her I am coming for her and that I love her." Tenchi sheds a 
tear in her memory. "I love you mom and I miss you very much. Would you please 
do that for me?" 
Slowly Tenchi turns and begins the long walk to the shrine. He looks around him 
to the turning of the colors. "I don't think I like this weather any more. 
Everything looks to be dead." as he goes to prepare unknowingly for the battle 
of his life.


Part Ten

The silence of the shrine is broken as Ayeka walks through the door. Looking 
down to Tenchi who is kneeling on the floor, she puts her hand gently on his 
shoulder to comfort him. "Tenchi, what will you do?" she asks questionably.
Returning mentally from his prayers, Tenchi responds to Ayeka's question. "Well 
Ayeka, I will go after her."
"But she is dead Tenchi. Professor Washu herself has said that. How will you 
bring her back from the dead?" Ayeka asks while kneeling down next to Tenchi.
"You know Ayeka, when you and Ryoko first landed here, you both changed my life 
dramatically. I thought you two were the craziest people in the universe. But I 
watched Ryoko come through for the both of us on numerous occasions. She may 
have complained and even pretended to not care, but the fact is that she always 
cared. She cared as much for you as she did any of the others. It was just her 
way of dealing with things. In fact, I remember several instances when she put 
you before herself." he smiled to Ayeka. 
"I just feel that I owe her that at least. Even if it means that I am alone in 
this one. She would have done it for any of us."
Lowering her head in sadness, Ayeka confirms Tenchi's feeling for Ryoko. "We are 
over, aren't we Tenchi? It's her that you love, not me."
Looking softly into Ayeka's eyes Tenchi smiles lovingly, "I'm sorry Ayeka, it's 
true. I didn't know it until this afternoon. I couldn't get her out of my head 
and all I could think about was the happiness she brought to my life. I'm sorry 
Miss Ayeka, but I have to do this."
"I understand Tenchi." Ayeka replied as a tear ran down her cheek.
Ayeka quickly got up and turned to leave the shrine. "Tenchi, when we get Miss 
Ryoko back, could you please ask that demon women to not leave her alcohol 
bottles lying in the bath." Ayeka demands in a demeanor more suiting to her.
"Sure." Tenchi responds. "And Ayeka, thank you."
Feigning a smile she looks back at Tenchi, "Don't thank me, if I were a real 
friend I would let that riff-raff stay dead." and she left to prepare for the 
long journey.
Later that evening while Tenchi slept in the shrine, Professor Washu awoke him. 
"Tenchi! Tenchi! Wake up Tenchi!" she shook him frantically. "Tenchi get up Ryo-
ohki is ready and my studies are complete. I think we can save Ryoko."
Bounding to his feet with the nimbleness of a cat, Tenchi stood before Professor 
Washu now fully awake. "How do we do it?" he asks with much hope.
"Come with me Tenchi, I'll show you." and the two raced of to Professor Washu's 
lab.
When they arrived at the lab, Washu continued to explain. "Rather than awaken 
Ryo-ohki and listen to her panicked ridden babble, I accessed her memory 
mechanically. And this is what I found." 
The two watched intently as the battle before them unfolded. And when the man 
stepped out of the darkness and they both could see the stranger clearly, Tenchi 
asked, "Who is that Washu?"
"If I am correct, that is the legendary protector." she answered with 
excitement.
"So what does he protect Washu?" Tenchi asked annoyed.
A little more than excited now, Washu answers his questions quickly. "There is a 
legend of a fourth stone, much like the three inside Tenchi-ken and Ryoko. 
However, this stone when combined with the others gives it's user the power of 
the secrets of the universe." Looking at Tenchi hopeful, she quickly looses her 
glee as he stands there totally clueless.
"Owe I see," gripes Washu. "Sometimes I think you and Ryoko are perfect for each 
other. Any way, legend says that the protector can only be beaten by one person 
in a millennium. And that hasn't happened in over thirty thousand years, so 
legend has it. If you can beat the protector, then he has to grant you your 
hearts desire. But remember, it is one request per customer."
"So if I can defeat this protector, then he will restore Ryoko?" Tenchi asks 
hopeful again.
"Yes." Wahsu yells as she celebrates with the waiving of several brightly 
colored flags in he back ground.  
Tenchi stares at the monitor for a long moment before he can regain his compo-
sure. Wiping away his tears he turns to Washu, "When can Ryo-ohki fly"?
Now completely elated by Tenchi's new found spirit, Washu begins pecking at her 
control panel while she talks. "I estimate Ryo-ohki will be physically capable 
in about 71 minutes. That is long enough to rehydrate all mineral factors and 
fluids. Her body is at 100% but her internals are still being refurbished."
Tenchi stands looking off into the distance as he tries to formulate a plan to 
save Ryoko. "Washu." Tenchi draws her undivided attention.
"Yes Tenchi?" she answers.
"If this doesn't work, will this protector kill us all?" he asked.
Stopping to consider this question for a moment, Wahsu looks over her shoulder 
to Tenchi, "yes he will." she states flatly.
"Then, don't tell anyone else about this would you please?" he begged Washu.
"I understand Tenchi. But you can't keep me from going, I already know." she 
intervened. 
"I'll be back Washu, I have to go say good-bye to someone." and he ascended the 
stairs out of the lab.
Waiting only for a few moments after Tenchi left, Wahsu brought the com screen 
to view with a very concerned Kiyone sitting at the helm of the Yagami. "Did you 
hear that Kiyone?" Washu asked with a ridiculous smile on her face. "Tenchi 
doesn't want me to say anything to the others. But if you were to, let say over 
hear the conversation and tell the others about what you heard, I guess I 
wouldn't have broken my promise. Right?"
Now smiling deviously Kiyone agreed, "Well, I guess I better let Mihoshi do what 
she does best, open her mouth to everyone." 
 Moments later, Mihoshi stood at the entrance way of the kitchen informing eve-
ryone of Tenchi's plan to rescue Ryoko's soul by himself. "It's true. Kiyone 
overheard Tenchi and Washu and he plans to take Ryo-ohki back to that planet and 
rescue Ryoko. And he doesn't want us going on this trip."
"That is preposterous!" complained Ayeka. "Why would Tenchi not let us help him 
in this matter?" she looked around the room. 
"Maybe, Tenchi is afraid that we will get hurt Ayeka." Sasami said hopeful. 
Crying ridiculously, Nobuyuki whaled, "Oh my departed wife in heaven. You would 
be so proud of our son I know it. He is about to risk his life again for our 
future daughter-in-law." and he whales more.
Sitting quietly in the background, Yosho ponders the consequences of what is 
about to take place. "The reason that Tenchi is not taking anyone else with him 
is because there is nothing any of us can do. This is a one on one fight. If 
anyone else interferes with the proceedings, then Tenchi and everyone else 
forfeits their lives to the `Protector'."
Looking about the very quiet room now Yosho adds, "Tenchi doesn't want any of us 
interfering and getting hurt." 
"So what do we do grandpa?" asked Sasami.
"We do nothing. We let Tenchi do what he has to do and we let him have his space 
to do it in. That is all we can do. If we crowd him then we run the risk of not 
letting the sumarai in him to focus." Yosho smiled proudly while referring to 
his grandson as a sumarai.
"You mean we are going to sit here and do nothing while he goes into a battle 
that he may not survive?" Ayeka bellowed.
"No." stated Yosho. "We follow him in the Yagami. It is already on its way back 
with Kiyone and as soon as Tenchi leaves with Ryo-ohki, we leave with the 
Yagami. Do you understand?" Yosho smiles more profoundly.
"I get it!" yells Mihoshi. "We don't tell him what we are doing, we just do it." 
and jumps up and down clapping her hands excitedly.
Everyone rolls their eyes up and sighs in disgust to the air headed antics of 
Mihoshi.


Part Eleven


Kneeling beside the grave of his mother, Tenchi speaks to her for what could be 
the last time. "Mom, if Ryoko is there with you, tell her I'm coming for her and 
not to worry." he sighs. 
"Well, I guess this is it mom. Today I find out what kind of a samurai I have 
turned out to be. Grandpa thinks that I am very good, but he always beats me 
when we spar. It drives me crazy. Yet, he always tells me how he would fight at 
my side anytime. I sure wish he could do it now with me." Tenchi looks down at 
the ground.
At that point, Ryo-ohki came hopping up to Tenchi frantically miyaing. "I don't 
think you have ever met Ryo-ohki mom. He reached and picked up the cabbit and 
introduced them. Ryo-ohki this is my mother." Tenchi gestures to the grave. 
Ryo-ohki looks to Tenchi greatly confused. "Mom, this Ryo-ohki. You would have 
liked her, I remember how much you liked animals." Tenchi put Ryo-ohki back down 
on the ground. "Good-bye mom." and Tenchi turned away from his mom and back to 
Ryo-ohki.
"Okay Ryo-ohki, you know what to do." and with that, the little cabbit leaped 
into the air and began her transformation from Ryo-ohki the cabbit to Ryo-ohki 
the infamous pirate ship of legend.
"That still gets to me every time I see it." Tenchi muses to himself. And as a 
second thought Tenchi laughs, "Two legends after another legend." as he touches 
Tenchi-ken.
With a massive miyaaa... into space, Ryo-ohki speeds off to the planet that re-
tains the soul of Ryoko. Shortly after, a red galaxy police ship by the name of 
Yagami follows in pursuit.
As the small planet appears before Tenchi's screen, he scratches his head. 
"That's where Ryoko was searching for a gemstone of legend?" 
Ryo-ohki responds, "miya, miya."
"If you say so. Well, let's go check it out." and they landed with Ryo-ohki 
taking back her form of cabbit.
Tenchi followed as Ryo-ohki led him to the cavern where Ryoko had battled the 
protector. Once again it was a dark rocky whole in the ground that remained 
barren. "Are you sure this is the place Ryo-ohki?" Tenchi asked.
"Yes she is Tenchi." Washu answered with her conglomerate of friends behind her. 
"Washu, I thought you weren't going to tell any one about this." Tenchi com-
plained.
"She didn't." Kiyone spoke up. "I was on hold on the com link when you and Wahsu 
had your conversation. I had been on the link with her when she made her discov-
ery and she forgot about me. She got so excited she ran out after you and forgot 
I was on the line until after you two had your discussion. I heard it all Tenchi 
and we are here for you." 
"Thanks guys, but you can't help this time. I have to do this all on my own. 
That's the rules right Washu?" Tenchi asked.
"That's right Tenchi." Washu added. "We're just here incase you need moral 
support." and the group in unison produces colorful flags and do various 
ridiculous dances and chants.
Putting his hand on Tenchi's shoulder, Yosho reaffirmed all of Tenchi's inhibi-
tions. "Tenchi, you are a fine sumarai. Just let your instincts guide you. After 
all a warriors nature is battle."
"Thank you grandpa, you don't know how much that helps right now." Tenchi re-
laxes.
"Well, here I go." Tenchi announces as he enters the cave.
After several moments of walking through total darkness, the cave starts to 
light up a little. It almost appears that there is a fluorescent lighting of 
some sort inside the very walls. Yet the walls don't actually glow.
"How odd." Tenchi notes.
Several yards of this and Ryo-ohki stops. She begins to hiss and spit at the 
shadows as if something is in them and waiting for them.  
"What is it Ryo-ohki? What's out there?" Tenchi strains his eyes as tries to see 
into the darkness. "Who's out there?" he demands.
Retrieving Tenchi-ken and lighting up the sacred sword of Jurai, Tenchi stands 
poised. "All right, I know you're there so show yourself and let's get this 
over."
Ryo-ohki stilled begins to back away while she continues to hiss at the dark 
figure as he emerges from the shadows. "You must be Tenchi?" the figure asks as 
it leaves the comfort of the darkness. "I know so much about you." he laughs to 
himself at his private joke.
Tenchi, understanding the implications of the jest steps forward brandishing the 
sword of Jurai. "Where is Ryoko?" he demands.
"Well Tenchi, she is back on earth in the lab of Professor Washu, is she not?" 
he taunts.
"You know what I mean demon!" Tenchi complains.
"Are you sure that it is her that you want? Haven't you actually come for the 
Universal Stone? Don't you really want the stone that will allow you to access 
the secrets of the universe?" he taunts.
"No!" he yells at the figure from the shadows.
"Of course it is Tenchi. Now come, fight me for it's secrets." the figure ap-
proaches.
Tenchi standing his ground growls to the dark man. "I could care less about the 
stone, I want Ryoko back!" and he advances.
Running towards each other shadow and man, they strike at each other. 
The shadow reaches out to Tenchi and is turned away by the careful swordsmanship 
of Tenchi by twirling the blade in his hand with his wrist giving a 360 degree 
arc. 
The shadow stepping back to give the blade its' room makes another attempt for 
the young Tenchi by flattening against the wall and disappearing from his 
conventional sight. Now completely blending into the shadow Tenchi enters the 
center of the room to escape the proximity of any shadow.
He turned and turned looking for the shadow to attack. It was clear that the 
creature was playing with his fears. "A sumarai is never afraid to die, yet the 
fear of life with fear of death is unbearable." Yosho yells into the cave.
"Thanks grandpa!" Tenchi yells back in sarcasm.
For a brief moment Tenchi felt the cold of emptiness, as if someone had just 
walked over his grave. Spinning around, he sees the shadow figure reaching into 
the chest section of his shadow. 
Quickly he spins the sword around to illuminate his shadow so that the creature 
can't attack his shadow any longer. "What the hell was that?" he yells. 
Again the creature comes at Tenchi, this time wielding a shadowy blade which 
appears to have no physical form. Tenchi, stepping into the attack swings his 
weapon in a low arc downward from head to tow motion with the length of the 
sword running the length of his arm and the pommel facing the ground. 
To his suprise, his sword is met with the resistance of another sword. "It can't 
be." Tenchi steps back.
"Are you suprised boy? Did you not think that a shadow could fight in your 
field?" the creature laughs.
Leaping forward, the creature assaults Tenchi relentlessly. Striking high and 
then low. It swung it's corporeal sword with an ease that unnerved even Yosho. 
"Tenchi!" Yosho yells to his grandson. "Use the light hawk wings! Focus boy!"
Tenchi, unable to get a single breath in, now swings his sword in defense of the 
onslaught that he is being exposed to. "I got to to concentrate." he recites 
through clenched teeth.
Stepping forward and thrusting out her arms, Ayeka puts a shield in place around 
Tenchi. 
Striking the resistance of the shield only once, the shadow turns his verbal at-
tentions on Ayeka. "You will die next princess. You should have limited your 
help to lecturing your precious Tenchi on how to fight better."
Breathing heavily, Tenchi reaches deeply into his mind and tries to focus on the 
power of Jurai. "I just can't get it." the tired boy complains to himself. 
Returning his attention back to Tenchi, he looks to the tired boy. "Now, prepare 
to join your precious Ryoko." the creature taunts as it enters the shield 
provided by Ayeka.
Reaching into the chest of Tenchi, the shadow creature feels for the life spark 
that motivates the life of Tenchi. Reaching deeper and deeper into his heart the 
creature finds it. 
The shadow begins to smile at Tenchi as a calmness comes over the boy.
"No!" Sasami screams as the creature appears to reach into the chest of Tenchi.
The creature stops and its' features change from gloat to confusion. Its' face 
begins to contort to agony as it suddenly starts to convulse. Its' grip on 
Tenchi Misaki's heart remain locked as little seems of light seem to emerge from 
all over the shadows body. "NO!" it screams in anger.
"This can't happen!" panic and rage all come together as the creature suddenly 
bursts into tiny little shards of light that dance all around the once dark 
room.
Tenchi now standing alone in the center of the light, smiles to his friends as 
they stand confused and starring in disbelief. 
"Tenchi," Sasami sobs as she runs to Tenchi and hugs him. "I thought you were 
dead." and Sasami cried.
Ayeka and the rest rushed to the side of Tenchi. All began to cry and weep with 
joy at the sudden turn of events.
Kiyone loosens herself from the mound of bodies that remain wrapped around 
Tenchi and looks to Yosho. "What happened? I thought he was dead."
Yosho looked to Tenchi for a moment and shrugged his shoulders. "Tenchi?" he 
asked.
Tenchi opening his hands for the first time since the end of the fight watched 
as a glowing blue ball of light sprang from his hands and began to race off into 
the sky. "I'll be home soon." he announced. 
When all the hugging stopped, they looked to Tenchi for an explanation. "I just 
can't say." he informed them. 
Looking to one another again for understanding, they all shrug as they conform 
to just having Tenchi back.


Part Twelve

Hovering inches above the Misaki house, Ryoko sits in the lotus position outside 
of Tenchi's and her room. "I understand." Ryoko replies through a deep exhale as 
the twinkling of lights fade from around her head.
Tenchi steps out onto the roof top with her and sits beside Ryoko. "Who were you 
talking to Ryoko?"
Smiling to her beloved Tenchi, "I was just thanking your mother for what she did 
for me."
Tenchi smiles, "You mean us." and he leans over and kisses her affectionately.


In the shadows of the trees below the Misaki house, a figure sits alone in the 
darkness. " Tenchi Misaki and Ryoko, you already have the secrets of the 
universe at your command." And the shadow fades as it leaves the stone in the 
right wrist of Ryoko.

