Here is the new part of my fic,


Disclaimer: I have no intention of copying anyone's work. I also don't own
any of the Tenchi charactors




                         Tenchi's Decision part 3
                            by Dorothy McCoubrey


           The next morning Tenchi got up to get dressed and go with Ryoko
for the day. "Come on Tenchi!" Ryoko cried. "I'm coming!" he called back.

           After their long ride they finally arrived. "Look at that view!"
Tenchi breathed. "Do you like it ?" Ryoko asked. "Are you joking! It's
beautiful!"

           Tenchi and Ryoko decided to go exploring. As they were walking
through the woods Ryoko tripped and fell into Tenchi's arms. "Are you okay?"
he asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine," she said looking into his eyes. As they looked into each
other's eyes they started to draw closer, suddenly a noise made them both
jump. "Let's get out of here," Tenchi said taking Ryoko's hand and they
started to run back to camp.



              As the day went on they spent it talking, laughing, eating
lunch, and more exploring. As the day was coming to an end Ryoko teleported
Tenchi and herself on a tree branch to watch the sunset and stars appearing
one by one in the night sky.


              Tenchi started a fire because it was still a little cool at
night. As Tenchi and Ryoko sat together by the fire Ryoko turned to Tenchi.
"Tenchi, who do you love?" she asked quietly, looking into his eyes. "I'm
sorry, but I don't know," Tenchi said looking away. Ryoko saddened ran off.
"Ryoko wait!" Tenchi cried, but he was to late.


               After a couple of hours Tenchi started to get worried, so he
went to find her. After he searched for awhile he found a figure in the
woods. "Ryoko?" Tenchi said staring at the figure.He went to the form and
saw that it was Ryoko asleep. He quickly picked her up and carried her back
to the camp.

              She woke up and looked at her surroundings. "Are you alright?"
Tenchi
asked. "I'm fine!" she snapped at him. "I'm sorry I can't give you an answer
Ryoko," Tenchi said a little sad Ryoko was mad at him. Ryoko noticing this
sat next to Tenchi. "It's okay, I understand," she said. "Really?" He said
raising his head to look into her eyes. She nodded smiling at him. "I love
you, so I'll wait for your decision," she said as she looked into his eyes.
Slowly he leaned forward and kissed Ryoko passionately.



I hope you enjoyed part 3 there's more to come if I get good e-mail so WRITE
ME PLEASE!!! At therose@teen.com .