Hello My name is William crafts. If any one is reading this,
and I hope someone does eventually, I would like you to know
this is my first fan fiction. If you have any comments, good
or bad, or if you would like to talk to another tenchi fan I
can be reached at utini@banet.net.

   Disclaimer: All tenchi character are owned by pioneer and
AIC entertainment groups, However tengato and sukato belong
to me so there mister big shot corporation.


                  And so I present to you
                   Tenchi’s lost love

A story about the time the girls lost intrest in tenchi.
This is supposed to take place in between ova 13 and manatsu
no eve.
   Enter tenchi and nobyuki on the only bus that comes to
the bus stop near tenchi’s home. Nobyuki is in his normal
work clothes carrying his briefcase and tenchi is dressed in
his black school outfit also carrying a briefcase. “So
tenchi are you dreading going back to school?,” asks
nobyuki.
   “Actually I’m kind of looking forward to getting away
from the chaos, even if it’s just for a few hours a day. It
will also be nice to get out and meet some nice non, insane
earth girls. Well dad this is my stop, I’ll see you back at
home later.” Tenchi gets off the bus and walks up to the
steps of his school building. It is a very large building
with many many classrooms. All around him students rush
towards their classes dreading the long days ahead of them.
Not tenchi though, he stands on the front steps drinking it
all in. Tenchi casually waves to old friends and is just
glad to have gone fifteen minutes without hearing explosions
or women fighting over him. Tenchi arrives in class only to
hear his name over the loudspeaker calling him to the
principal’s office.
   Tenchi arrives in the principal’s office with a surprised
look on his face. In the office principal sukato sits behind
his desk and a strange boy stands in front of the desk
facing tenchi. “Welcome Mr. Masaki, I called you here to ask
a favor of you. This boy here is named tengato. He lives on
a small island off the coast of Japan, he needed to take a
boat to get here. Having to take a boat every day is quite
expensive and so tengato’s parents have asked if he could
board with a student. Since your grandfather accepted two
students a number of years ago I though he wouldn’t mind
excepting tengato now.”
   “Oh? Of course grandpa wouldn’t mind having tengato live
with us for the school year. More the merrier that’s the
Masaki motto.” Tenchi says. Tenchi takes a second to look
the new kid over. Tenchi realizes that tengato looks very
similar to himself with two exceptions. One, he was more
muscular and taller than tenchi is. Two, He had a strange
smell that tenchi found unpleasant. “Thank you tenchi. I
hope I will not prove to be to much of a burden to you and
your family. And I know we will become good friends.”
   “Thank you very much tenchi, tell your grandfather I said
hi and now get back to class.” Tenchi and tengato head back
to class and the principal relaxes.
   Tenchi and tengato are in all the same classes and they
get to know each other. Tenchi notices that many of the
girls in class are staring at tengato. They then spend lunch
together which is where we join them. “So tengato tell me
about where you come from,” asks tenchi. “Well my house is
very normal, normal parents, normal school, nothing about my
life is out of the ordinary, okay?!” Tengato says, extremely
defensively.
   “Sorry, I was just... making conversation,” Tenchi
confusedly says. Well did you uhhhh, I mean do you have A
girlfriend?” tenchi asks with a devilish plan forming in his
mind. “If I can get the girls at home interested in him I’ll
be left alone!!!!” tenchi thinks to himself.
   “Well to tell you the truth no. I never did have a
girlfriend but I have always wanted one. Truly I’ve always
been to shy.”
   “Well then, I know a few girls who might like to meet
you.”
   “Wow do you really mean it. Thanks, I just met you and
your already such a great friend. Thank you thank you thank
you.....” tengato yells as he jumps across the lunch table
and gives tenchi a big hug and a sweatdrop appears on
tenchi’s head. When tengato stopped strangling tenchi he
noticed that everyone was staring at them, especially the
girls. “Sorry tenchi. I didn’t mean to embarrass you it’s
just that I’m kind of a hands on guy and I don’t contain my
feelings well.”
   “Hands on! Can’t contain feelings! The girls are gonna
eat this guy up. I’m so happy.” RRRRRRIIIIIIIINNNNGGGGGGG.
“Well that’s the bell let’s get back work.”
   The rest of the day passed quietly without any major
events. Tenchi was anxiously awaiting the final bell, he
really hoped the girls at home would like tengato as much as
the girls at school did. Tenchi was bursting with
anticipation by the end of the day. Finally the last bell
rang. Tenchi and tengato talked little on the bus ride home,
but tenchi did notice that all of the girls were staring at
tengato. It looked as though they wanted to talk to tengato.
Finally they reached the steps leading to the large blue
roofed house. “Brace yourself tengato.” Tenchi say’s the
second they enter the door.
   “Why is  that tench...” Tengato stop’s in mid sentence as
Ryoko appears before them  and gives tenchi a big hug. “Ohh
tenchi don’t go to school again I was left here with aeka
who nagged me all day long about chores. It was soooo
booooring.”
   “You are a dirty liar Ryoko. Before I could mention one
word to you about chores you disappeared. But I shall deal
with you later. Tenchi I’m so happy your home, I must admit
it has been a long day for those of us who work around
here.” Aeka states as she gives a dirty look at Ryoko.
Tenchi gulps as he sees logs and sparks appear.
   “This is tengato,” tenchi says in a desperate attempt to
avert yet another explosive fight between aeka and ryoko.
To tenchi’s surprise the girls stop fighting and stare at
Tengato. “He lives far away from school and will be
stay......” tenchi never get’s to finish his sentence
because ryoko slams him against a wall at the far end of the
corridor.
   “Ten-ten- tengato.” Ryoko and aeka stammer in unison.
Ryoko floats in the air and hugs tengato around the neck,
this only lasts a second because aeka throws ryoko off of
him and then gives tengato a big hug of her own. “Tengato I
love you please be mine.” Again aeka and ryoko speak as one.
   “What was that aeka? You leave tengato alone because he
is mine.”
   “Ha! As if anyone would want you. Tengato is mine so why
don’t you take tenchi and leave us alone.”
   “Tenchi? Who wants that bum? Look you take tenchi and
I’ll take tengato.”
   “No tengato is mine,” screams aeka.
   “No he’s mine,” screams ryoko.
   logs appear around aeka and ryoko materializes her sword.
The fight ends when they manage to blow up the front half of
the house. Washu, sasami, mihoshi, and katsuhito all rush to
the scene of the fight.
   “Are you two fighting again?” washu asks the obvious
question. “Hey who’s that guy.”
   “He’s tengato, my lover.” Ryoko says patiently.
   “What did you say ryoko!!!! We both know that tengato is
mine.” aeka yells furiously.
   “Now don’t start that again you two. Heeeyyyyyyyyy. Did
you say tengato?? What about tenchi?” Wonders washu
   “Tenchi???? Oh that guy. Why don’t you study him for
awhile washu-chan.” Both aeka and ryoko stated.
   “What???? What makes this guy so special anyway? Hmmm I
think I’ll have to study him. Yes he will be my new guinea
pig. Mental note:get the nurses uniform dry cleaned.”
   “Waaahhhhhhhhh! What’s going on, I don’t understand any
of this,” Mihoshi wailed as tears streamed down her cheeks.
She then collapsed to the remains of the floor still
sobbing.
   Tengato cradles the fallen mihoshi in his arms and calms
her down. “There there miss. Don’t cry. I believe, what is
going on, is that the girls named ryoko and aeka have fallen
in love with me and the one named washu-chan wants to study
me. There do you feel better miss?”
   Mihoshi stops crying and looks up at tengato, “I feel
better already, thank you.”
   “What do you think your doing with my man mihoshi? Put
him down this instant.” Ryoko bellows as she materializes
her glowing red sword.
   “Oh no. I must protect tengato from these two wild
women!”
Aeka exclaims  while jurian logs appear all around her.
   “Please I don’t want you girls to fight.” But it’s too
late. All three girls begin fighting and tengato is caught
in the middle. Washu retreats to her lab so she can clean
her nurses outfit before she captures tengato for testing.
   “I don’t get it, why do the girls suddenly hate tenchi
and love tengato. Hey, where is tenchi anyway?” Sasami takes
a moment and spots tenchi sitting alone on the steps that
lead to the shrine. Sasami walks over to him and notices
that tenchi is smiling wider than ever before.
   “Hi tenchi. Why are you so happy?” Sasami asks.
   “Well sasami-chan it’s because that should be me over
there. But instead it’s tengato. I am finally relived from
the girls constant affections. I’ll be free to live a
somewhat normal life. I really couldn’t be happier
sasami-chan.”
   And so for the next month tenchi is left alone while
tengato accepted constant advances from aeka, ryoko,
mihoshi, and washu. Tengato even returned their feelings
with advances of his own. . However at the end of the month
strange feelings rose inside of tenchi. He began to feel
lonely. He used to view the girls as people he liked but not
loved. He used to be annoyed by their never ending advances
but now he longed to hear even one of them do so little as
speak his name. Tenchi soon fell into depression, tenchi
cursed himself for always pushing down his true feelings for
the girls. For although he pretended to be annoyed by their
playfulness deep down he truly loved them and they had loved
him. But not now, now they all loved tengato and tengato let
them know that he loved them back. Tenchi soon fell so far
into depression that he never went to school, ate meals,
shower, or practice sword fighting with his grandfather. For
even his grandfather abandoned tenchi because katsuhito had
found a new student: Tengato. Even Nobyuki liked tengato
better because tengato showed more interest in the girls
than tenchi ever did. Tenchi felt truly alone and he deeply
regretted never returning the girls affections when he had
the chance. The only thing tenchi ever did was do his
chores, he never talked to the girls except for sasami who
was the only one who still talked to tenchi. However the end
all came on a particularly bad day for tenchi. Tenchi hadn’t
been to breakfast and so sasami decided to bring breakfast
to tenchi.
   “Hi tenchi. I haven’t seen you in a few days and I
figured you were sick of reheated food so I brought you some
fresh breakfast.”
   “Thank you sasami-chan, leave it over there and I’ll eat
it later.”
   “But tenchi, you look sick, I really think you should eat
it now. Please.” Sasami pleaded. But it was in vain for
tenchi had drifted away to better times. After a few more
minutes sasami realized tenchi was out of it and she left. A
few hours later tenchi got dressed and went into the
furthest corners of the carrot patch where tenchi sat and
contemplated things. Suddenly tenchi was enveloped in a
flash of light. When tenchi regained his sight he noticed
that he was aboard a ship. In front of him stood a strangely
familiar man. He was a little taller than tenchi, he was
wearing black robes that hid his whole body except for his
face. The man had Long silver hair, green eyes, and a
menacing grim. One thing made the man stand out from anyone
tenchi had ever known before, tiny sunglasses. Tiny
sunglasses that straddled his nose. The glasses were so
small that the man couldn’t possibly see through them.
   “Kagato?! What are you doing here I saw you died.”
   “Boy, I let you see what I wanted you to see. The person
you killed was an imperfect copy of myself. I was merely
testing your powers then and so I created a copy of myself
that was programmed to fight at full power but to also let
you win in the end. However You defeated my copy before it’s
program to take a dive kicked in. You proved to be far
stronger than any jurian could possibly be. I was stumped as
to why you were so powerful. Then I came upon such a simple
explanation. The girls love. The princess, the one who would
become tsunami ,the GP officer, and especially ryoko. They
made you strong, their love made you invincible. But now no
one cares about you, not one of them. Even the ones who
cared about you when you were young hate you. You have
nothing. I will not disgrace you further by humiliating you
with my power. Instead I give you the only honorable choice.
Kill yourself, you have nothing left to live for, die
honorably and commit hara-kiri. Here I will supply you with
the knife.” Kagato pulled a sheathed knife from his robe and
proceeded to throw it a tenchi’s feet.
   Tenchi picked up the knife and unsheathed it. “Kagato,
you are correct. I am useless, the girls don’t love me, they
don’t need me to protect them, grandpa says I am
dishonorable while he trains another, and even dad now has a
“son” he can be proud of. So kagato I will do it, good-bye.”
Tenchi grim facedly points the knife at his belly ready to
slit it open.
   “No tenchi stop!” A voice cries out.
   “What? who’s there,” tenchi asks as he resheaths the
knife, “come out from the shadows and show yourself.”
   “Tenchi it’s me.” sasami says as she steps out from the
shadows. “Tenchi don’t listen to that vile man. He tells you
lies tenchi.”
   “No sasami-chan, he speaks the truth. No one at home
cares if I live or die.”
   “No tenchi that’s not true I still care for you and I
know deep down the others do too. You just have to make them
remember what they all found so special about you. ”
   “Really sasami-chan?”
   “Really tenchi.”
   “You’re right sasami-chan. I have to stop feeling sorry
for myself and win back the girls affection’s and this time
I won’t be so dispassionate towards them.”
   “Oh tenchi I knew you had it in you.”
   “Thank you sasami-chan you’ve really opened up my eyes...
and my heart.” Tenchi says as he throws the knife to the
floor.
   “Tenchi it seems you’ve had a change of heart about
hara-kiri. Oh well I suppose now I’ll just have to defeat
you in a “fair” fight.” Kagato then materializes his large
two handed black sword. The edges glow red with power.
   “Tenchi you have to summon the wings of the light hawk, I
know you can do it, I have faith in you tenchi.”
   “Yes sasami-chan, I won’t let you or the others down.”
Tenchi searched deep inside of himself for his strength. He
finds it in the faces and hearts of his friends and so using
that strength tenchi summons the wings of the light hawk. He
changes into the white jurai uniform, in his hands a pure
white sword materializes.
   “This is it boy, our final battle!” Kagato bellows as he
rushes tenchi. Tenchi doesn’t move, he calmly awaits
kagato’s assault. Kagato slices, chops, and thrusts, his
sword at  space tenchi had been occupying.
   “What is this boy?” Kagato asks, “How did you escape me?”
   “Kagato, although my power had nearly been extinguished
   I searched deep inside of myself, and when I realized the
true source of my power I came back stronger than ever
before. You can’t hope to defeat me kagato, I give you one
opportunity to flee.” Tenchi speaks from behind Kagato.
   “No boy I will defeat you or I will die.” With that
Kagato rushes tenchi and puts all of his power into the
numerous sword strikes. However tenchi avoids all of them
and soon kagato tires and becomes vulnerable. Tenchi struck
quickly and expertly. Kagato died painlessly.
   Tenchi then reverts to his normal clothes and the sword
disappears. “Come on sasami-chan lets go home.” Together
they board tsunami and go home.
   When they get home they find all the girls in shock
except for washu.
   “Uhhh, washu-chan what’s going on, whats wrong with
ryoko, aeka, and mihoshi?” Tenchi asks.
   “I’ll explain tonight when the pheromones wear off.”
   “Pheromones?!” Tenchi and sasami exclaim.
   “Look I’ll explain what happened later. Why don’t the two
of you get some rest, okay.”
   “Okay washu-chan, I will see you later then.”
   “Yeah goodnight washu see you later.”
   Tenchi and sasami both head for their rooms and go to
sleep. Later tenchi awakens and heads down  the stairs to
see everyone, minus tengato, gathered around the dinning
table. Washu stands up at the head of the table and motions
tenchi to sit down.
   “Now everyone listen up cause I’m only going to explain
this once.” Washu says in a no nonsense kind of voice.
   “Tengato was a creation of kagato. It was a cyborg
programmed to steal all of our hearts from tenchi. Kagato
knew that the cyborg couldn’t do this on it’s own and so
kagato gave the cyborg skin that emits a pheromone that
plays on any women’s hormones and makes them fall instantly
in love with the person emitting the pheromone. Which is why
all of us women fell for the cyborg but sasami didn’t
because her hormones aren’t fully developed yet.”
   “That’s all well and good but what about dad and grandpa,
why did they turn against me?”
   “Kagato abducted them and brainwashed them of course.”
   “Well washu-chan then all I want to know is how you
figured this all out and where is tengato?”
   “Well tenchi I had tengato hooked up to my machine and
was running tests on him when he whispered the name kagato
and died. I checked his readouts and they all said that
tengato had died from a precision stab wound through the
heart. All this information confused me at first. But then I
searched and couldn’t find either you or sasami-chan. Then I
put together the clues, “kagato..., Tenchi’s
disappearance..., and the precision stabwound...” So my
guess is that kagato came back and you fought and defeated
him somehow. Now tenchi the only question I have is why did
kagato bother with stealing our hearts?”
   “Kagato had been experimenting with the source of my
extreme powers. He hypothesized that it went beyond jurian
blood line he believed my true power came from the love you
girls show me. So he set up this experiment to see if he was
right, and he was. I nearly killed myself on his ship
because he so thoroughly convinced me that you all no longer
loved me. But with sasami’s help I persevered and defeated
kagato for good.”
   “Tenchi I believe I speak for all of us when I say that,”
it was ryoko who was speaking now, “we all apologize for
abandoning you like that and we want you to know that we all
still love you the most.”
   “No ryoko it is I who should apologize. I should stop
running from my feelings and just admit them. I love you
all, and I can’t choose one over the other because I don’t
want to hurt any of you.”
   “Oh tenchi that was so sweet,” aeka says, “it’s okay
tenchi, we all now how you really feel and we understand
that your shy so there is no need to apologize.” Everyone
adds their words of agreement with aeka and all is forgiven
on both sides. Sasami cooks up a feast and everyone
celebrates the defeat of kagato and the rebirth of tenchi, a
new less defensive tenchi who is much more honest about his
feelings for the women he loves.

   And so ends my first fan fic. I’m sorry if it was little
long. I hope you enjoyed it. Good night.
