Hey wasup everybody the second episode probally wasn't as good as the first
episode but I'll work harder on this one you can count on that.So how did ya
guys like Ping?Yea I bet some of you are like "man I hate Ping"don't worry
as soon as you guys get to know him you'll probally start thinking that he's
an ok guy.Hopely.So did ya guys check out the song yet pretty cool huh?There
is one song that would probally go along well with this episode nd thats
called Dj Mystik-sweet honesty check it out sometimes.

Ok on with the story as you can see here Kiyone was hopeing to catch Ping
and get a promotion.But instead she end up having a truce with
him........For now.For more info this you know where to contact me at Asian
Avenue thats spot allright.Oh and remember those little mechanical Washus
their back and uhhh please don't sue me the the original characthers belong
to somebody else.Ok now please enjoy the story.




                          TENCHI WORLD
                  EPISODE 3-Kiyone's Perfect day

(Mihoshi running to the house of Tenchi crying she opens up the door causing
Ryoko to wake up)


Ryoko:(yawn)Hey kinda early for this aint it Mihoshi?This better be
impotant.

Mihoshi:(sniff)Ryoko(sniff)Kiyone has been captured(sniff)by a space pirate.

Ryoko:Oh.......Well wake me up in the noon time.(goes back to sleep)

Mihoshi:Huh?(starts crying again)

(Sasami,Ayeka,and Tenchi coming down the stairs)

Tenchi:(yawn)Oh Mihoshi you're up early?Huh whats wrong?

Mihoshi:Kiyone has been kidnapped?

Tenchi,Ayeka,and Sasami:WHAT!?

Ryoko:Hey I'm trying to sleep here!

(Everybody gathers around the table)

Tenchi:When did this all happen Mihoshi?

Mihoshi:(sniff)Yesterday.When I was sick.

Tenchi:Oh this terible.

(they hear the the refrigderator closing and they turned towords it)

Washu:Sorry to bother you guys.I thought I get myself some breakfast.

Mihoshi:Washu......Kiyone was(sniff)she was

Washu:I know I saw it on the news.

Tenchi:The news? Since when did we get news from different galaxies.

Washu:Since I made my new invention.It works like a satellite but stronger
so now I can get channels from Juria.So now I wont have to miss my science
show yeah.

M.WashuA:Youre...The greatest....Washu...

M.WashuB:Nobody...Is....smarter than you...Washu...

Washu:Yeaaaaaah hahahahahah!

Tenchi:Uhhhhhhh.

Washu:Don't worry she'll be back..(Walks to the closet)Well I gotta get back
to work.See ya!(opens the door and then walked in)

Ryoko:(smiles and then turn towards Mihoshi)You know Mihoshi she might be
dead(Mihoshi gasp)she might be tourtered(Mihoshi gasp again)or
maybe.....(makes a bigger smile)Is this space pirate a guy?

Mihoshi:Yea

Ryoko:(still smiling)Well you know how them pirates are when they catch
girls like her.

Mihoshi:Oh no not that!He better not lay a finger on her!

Sasami:What what are you guys talking about?

Ryo-oki:Meow meow.

Tenchi:Cut that out Ryoko.Mihoshi Kiyone is strong women I'm sure she'll be
back.

Mihoshi:But what about......

Tenchi:I'm sure she's allright.

(Meanwhile on Hagasake)

Kiyone:EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK.NO PLEASE I THOUGHT YOU WEREN'T LIKE
THIS.NO STOP STOP IT  I BEG OF YOU EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK STOP!!!

Ping:What?(accidently drops a wrench and fell down and landed right behind
Kiyone)ooops(Walking around on top of Yugame)My droids are doin there best
fixing you ship here.

Kiyone:(Yelling from the ground)Well youre droid just busted my front
window!

Ping:Uhhhhhh(starts rubbing the back of his head)don't worry I'll get that
fix.But don't worry I got eveything under control.(an explosion sets off
behind Yugame)uhhhhh.

(a droid  flys up to Ping)

Droid:Sir there was an explosion in the back cause by Droid number 5(it
speeds off  towards the back)

Kiyone:(getting angey)Whats that you were saying?

Ping:Look just throw me the wrench behind you.

Kiyone:(turns around and then bends over to pick it up. Ping notices it and
then turns his head to the left)Well here you go.(noticing his head turned
back quickly)I don't know what you were looking at but here's your stupid
wrench(throws it hard towards Ping but then catches it in mid air).

Ping:Thanks.

(5 minutes later)

Ping:(pulling out some circuits)Gezzz(Kiyone comes by and looks over his
shoulder).

Kiyone:Found anything interesting?

Ping:You need a new 3x3.9 deo cartidge.

Kiyone:Where could I get that?

Ping:On a planet called Sirgo they sell these things and were not to far
from there either.

Kiyone:Do you mind if I come with you?

Ping:What dress in that?

Kiyone:(looks at her uniform she had on)Oh!Hold on I'll be back.

(Kiyone comes back wearing blue shorts with a Blue shirt that says GP on it)

Ping:You know that style was pretty popular.Back when I was in Kindergarden.

Kiyone:Well I ain't like you(changes her voice)Yo Yo baggy pants homies or
something.

Ping:About that yo yo part?

Kiyone:Yea.

Ping:If your joking on that your cruel.If you meant that youre brutal.

Kiyone:Forget all that.One question do you have the money?

Ping:Don't worry come with me this way.

(while walking down the hall Ping reveals a secret passage which leads to a
room full of Juria's,Rubies,Dimonds,and other valuble things)

Kiyone:Wow(eyes glittering)Look at all this.

Ping:Yea.These things are stolen objects that the pirates own.(puttin some
juria's in his pocket)That will be enough.

Kiyone:What do you mean.Arent you a space pirate?

Ping:If I tell you about my story you probally won't believe.

Kiyone:Yea maybe(makes a big smile)well lets get going(was about to exit the
room when Ping stopped her)

Ping:(shows her the palm of his hand)Kiyone back(Kiyone makes a frown and
then gave back the hand full of rubys back to him)All of it.(Kiyone makes a
bigger frown and she lean her head over his hand and then spit back out the
rubies)Ewwww man thats sick I thought the others were in your pocket.

(Finally they got a smaller ship ready and took off towards Sirgon after a
few minutes they could finally see the planet)

Ping:Ok We are going to get the stuff and get out understand?

Kiyone:(looking out the window)Yeah.

Ping:Ok we could probally saty for a little while.

Kiyone:Really?

Ping:Yeah I heard the beaches are quite nice there.

Kiyone:I don't have any money.

Ping:I'll pay for your stuff.

(They finally landed on the planet when they got off they were astonish to
see the beaches and the city then they went to the space ship parts shop and
bought what they needed)

Ping:Ok what do you want to do?

Kiyone:(Noticing a giant mall across the street)You said you'll pay for my
stuffs right?

Ping:Yea.

Kiyone:Are you sure.

Ping:Yes I'm sure.You can ask me to buy a boat and I'll give you the money
for it.[I shouldn't have said that].

Kiyone:Ok then (pulls Ping to the mall)

Ping:Hey!

(2 hours later they finally got done shopping)

Kiyone:Ping are you sure about this?

Ping:(carrying 15 bags of clothing for Kiyone)Yes I'm sure.[Hey what could I
say I'm a gentle men.]

Kiyone:Ok then..........Hey look there's a fair going on.

Ping:Hold on lets put this stuff back in shuttle.(carries it to his smaller
ship and puts it in their)Man!Do girls really need this much clothing?

Kiyone:C'mon Lets go

(they went to the fair where they see lots of people going on rides and
playing games)

Kiyone:There is so much to do.(Noticing a shooting range game)Hey Ping why
don't you try that game?

Ping:Ok.(pays the money and then shot all the targets prefectly)

Kiyone:Wow!Thats pretty good.

Man:What prize do you want?

Ping:Huh?Hey Kiyone which one do you want?(points at all the dolls)

Kiyone:How about that cabbit doll it looks just like Ryo-oki.

Ping:(gives Kiyone the doll)Huh?Whos Ryo-oki.

Kiyone:Oh?Nobody.

Kiyone:Ahhhh this is almost like the perfect for me.I havent had this much
fun since.......(starts thinking about Mihoshi and then starts getting
scared)oooooh that gives me the creep.On second thought I kinda miss her.

(after quite sometime it turned into nightfall Kiyone and Ping are walking
through a busy street towards the shuttle)

Kiyone:This is great Ping!

Ping:(sounds depress)........Yeah.

Kiyone:Huh?Ping?[I guess its because of my selfishness these pass hours.I
gotta find a way to him back for what he did for me]Ping are you ok?

Ping:Yeah.Don't worry about it just enjoy yourself allright.(noticing a
bar)Well we better get something to drink.Lets go over there to drink.

Kiyone:Sure.(they walk over to the bar Kiyone noticing a sign that says
Keroke contest prize 300 Juria's)[Hey maybe that would do the
trick........If I win that is]

Ping:(noticing the sign)Keroke?I wouldn't be caught dead in that thing.C'mon
lets go.

(they went inside saw that the whole place pack in)

Ping:They must be here for the contest.(They went to go sit on a stool to
order a drink)One of your best tea please.What about you Kiyone?

Kiyone:Me too please.

Bartender:Allright(went to get the drinks)

Kiyone:(turns to Ping)Thanks for everything Ping.

Ping:Hey don't metion it.(noticing a guy on stage trying to sing some
song)Man this can't sing yo.

(a man walks up on stage )

Man:Ok thank you.That was Testuma Lets have a round of applause for him
everybody

(nobody claps)

Man:Uhhh tough crowd.Ok Here's our next song Its kinda rare but whoever tops
this song must be the winner.(walks off stage nd then Dj-Mystik-Sweet
honesty plays)

Kiyone:Hey I know this song[Should I do this](looks at Ping just sitting
there drinking)[Oh well here goes nothing](walks on stage and starts singing
the)

Bartender:Hey!Aint that your girl?

Ping:(turns around to see Kiyone singing)Kiyone?What is she doing?

Bartender:She's pretty good I think she'll win this contest.

Ping:......................

(Song ends and then everybody stands up starts clapping)

Kiyone:Thank you everybody.Thank you.

(the man runs up stage with a bowl full of money)

Man:And the winner of this contest is(whispers to Kiyone)Psst Whats your
name?

Kiyone:Kiyone

Man:Kiyone!!!!!

(Kiyone Walks toward Ping)

Kiyone:How was that?

Ping:I think somebody reconize me.C'mon lets go.

(they ran to the ship And left for Hagasake)

Ping:Well there's Hagaskae.Lets get ready to docked (they parked the ship at
the Hanger bay)

Kiyone:Ummmm Ping.

Ping:Hold on(They both got out and started walking towards the the door)

Kiyone:Ping.This money.......Its for you.

Ping:???????No.Thats your money you earned it.

Kiyone:Yeah but after what you done for me.

Ping:I have plenty of that.Don't worry.Just keep the money

Kiyone:(looks at Ping and kiss him lightly on the cheek)I have to you back
some how(Walks towards the door  smiling and then turns around)Oh?And thats
just a freindly kiss to so me and you are friends now.Well see yah.(Walks
out of the hangar)

Ping:(sigh)Well it will be nice to have another friend.(walks out of the
Hangar)

(mean while back on earth)

K.Azake:Is that Yellow hiair girl asleep yet?

K.Kamedake:Yeah She cried herself to sleep.

Tenchi:Its too bad about Kiyone.

K.Azake:Come now Lord Tenchi I'm sure she'll be back.In the mean time.......

K.Kamedake:Oh no!Azake you didn't bring that did you?

K.Azake:Oh yes I challenge you to on a game of power fighting.

K.Kamedake:Ok you ask for it.(walks off with Azake)

Tenchi:Dosen't anybody......Nevermind.

                          THE END

Washu:Hi everybody!!This is the greatest scienctist,and inventor speaking!It
looks like Kiyone have made a new freind but on our next episode Ping
finally got the ship done and Kiyone must returned back to duty.But then a
space pirate named Jun Pao the tatooed space pirate shows up and attacks the
Royal family and Kiyone ends up asking Ping for help.Who is this evil space
pirate and why doen't he wear a shirt coming up on our new Tenchi World
sereis is No need for a Deal.
