
Tenchi
And the
Evil Emperor
               






		"It all started on one ordinary day and yet not such an 
ordinary one. "I finished all my chores grandpa," Tenchi said, 
"grandpa, where are you?" " I'm right here, Tenchi." Yosho said in a 
scary, mischievous voice, "Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh," Tenchi yelled, 
"for God sake don't do that." "I'm going on home grandpa." 

	"Hmhmhmhmh hahahahaha soon my plan will be complete,"
said a mysterious voice from underneath the earth.


	"I'm home," said Tenchi, "something's not righhhhhhhhhtttttttt," 
Rhyoko grabbed him, "Oh Tenchi I've been waiting so long come on give 
me a good kiss." "Rhyoko I command you to stop this insanity at once," 
screamed Aeka, "Oh you better," "I better what," "Girls stop this," 
"Tenchi stop I will not allow Rhoko to torment you anymore," "Torment 
him and what about you," Rhyoko said, "Oh look at me I'm nice pretty, 
prissy, spoiled, deranged, malfunctioned, twitish, pea brained   
princess," said Rhyoko in a mocking voice. "How dare you," the girls 
glared at each other in hate.



	"Well, Sasami whats going on out of the ordinary?" "Ohmygosh that 
smells wonderful." "Good, dinner will be ready in ten 
minutes,"KKKKKKAAAAAAAAAAAABBBBBBBBBBBBBBBOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMM!!!
"Oh when will they ever learn," "Oh Tenchi," said a mysterious Wahuu, 
"time for your checkup," "Already oh well."



	"Sikoha," "Yes, your hineness," "Get down their and deal with 
those two idiots they could destroy my plans including that Jurian 
girl."


	"Now lets just take a look here check, check, check, and check." 
"Body functions correct reflexes great charming to girls excellent <oh 
my gosh I can't believe I just said that>. "Your funny Washu." "Well, 
your all done." "Time for dinner everyone," yelled Sasami. "Come on," 
"Hey Tenchi there's a seat right next to you how about letting a 
charming, young girl like me sit by you?" "Uh Rhyoko lets not forget 
you're   2,000 years old," "Well, don't forget you're older." "God I 
can't stand these girls" "Hmhmhmhmhm lalalala deedeedeedeedee Tenchi 
can I sit by you Tenchi," "Why sure Sasami." "Sasami drop dead," said 
Rhyoko.	

	The door knocked. "Who could that be?" "Tenchi go and get that, 
please," "Ok grandpa." Tenchi opened the door to find a pretty young 
lady  
  "Hello my name is Sikoha," I couldn't believe it this girl had long, 
blond hair average height, beautiful blue eyes, and an excellent smile. 
I stood dumbfounded not knowing the dangers that would come from her. I 
didn't know otherwise but I'd have to say she was more beautiful than 
Haruna! H-H-H-ello how a-a-a-re you doing?" "What would you like." " I 
was on my way somewhere and lost my way, could I stay here." "Well I 
guess I don't know why not."   

	"Um, I would like ya'll to meet Sikoha," said Tenchi. "Well, as 
long as she's not Sakuya that's okay," said Rhyoko. "Well, its nice to 
meet you what brings you out here," asked Yosho. "I was headed 
somewhere and I lost my way and this handsome, young man said I could 
stay with him." Rhyoko and Aeka got ticked and Tenchi blushed.

	Later that night Sikoha started to rub off on Tenchi.Aeka and 
Rhyoko all night bore holes through her. On the other hand Tenchi was 
having the time of his life. "I like you Tenchi," said Sikoha, "I like 
you to Sikoha," said Tenchi. Everyone then went to bed.

	The next morning Tenchi and Sikoha took a walk in the forest. 
They sat on a stump. "I love this spot it's my favorite," said Sikoha, 
"It's mine to," said Tenchi. Tenchi slowly leaned over and gave Sikoha 
a passionate kiss it lasted for a few minutes. This is too much Tenchi 
thought one day a new girl comes and the second day I'm in love with 
her.

	Tenchi and Sikoha did everything together. Everyone could tell 
they were in love. That night Tenchi and Sikoha went on a date. 
Everything was just perfect. They were exactly under the moon as they 
kissed. They came home and everyone was asleep. So they went to their 
rooms and fell asleep.

	The next morning was as hecktic as normal and little did Tenchi 
or anyone else know that last night Rhyoko and Aeka agreed to make 
Sikoha's life a living hell. All day they treated her like dirt she 
started to cry and ran to Tenchi. "Look what you did I cant believe 
yall," "I-I- I hate you to." Suddenly the girls had, like a glass 
shatters, a great depression nothing to live for their love said they 
hated them what could be worse. Could something be worse? The girls 
went to their rooms. 

	Sikoha looked at Tenchi in awe she couldn't believe he did that 
for her. "Are you all right?"
"I think so." Sikoha stated to cry on Tenchi's and with that Tenchi 
embraced her around the torso. "Tenchi I love you," "I love you to 
Sikoha." They stayed like that almost all night.

	The next morning or whole day to be exact Aeka and Rhyoko didn't 
come to eat or come out of their rooms their hearts were broken. Sasami 
cooked a huge meal for the new lovebirds. " Thanks Sasami," said 
Tenchi. " Your welcome." It was one the most delicious meals I'd ever 
had. To go along with that it was with the girl of my dreams.

	Tenchi and Sikoha both went to their favorite spot. They hugged 
and kissed and talked. Sasami was so happy. Then something strange 
happened that night. In Sikoha' dreams Yukie (you-kie)<the evil 
emperor>gave her the order to eliminate both Aeka and Rhyoko.

	The next morning Sikoha told them that she had to talk to Rhyoko 
and Aeka in private. When they got to the right spot a few miles from 
the Masaki household Sikoha said, "Now I shall show you something." In 
a flash she was above them and raised her hand a enormous ball of 
energy was formed and she yelled, "Now all of you just 
DIIIIIIEEEEEE!!!!!"WITH THAT THE HUGE BALL WAS PLUMETED TO THE EARTH AT 
THE SPEED OF LIGHT! With a huge explosion there was nothing more of 
Rhyoko or Aeka. They were sent to the underworld.

            "	Now you are here in my control,"  "Yes master," said 
both Aeka and Rhyoko. "Go back to the Masaki household and bring 
Washu." 

	"Were back from our walk," said Sikoha which ran over and hugged 
Tenchi. "Rhyoko where you going," "To Washu's," so she walked in. "Who 
is it," "It's me mom," "Wow you called me mom finally," said a stunned 
Washu. "What do you want," "I'm taking you on a walk in the woods," "Ok 
this is unusual," When they got to the right spot Rhyoko said, " Now 
you die and go to the underworld," "I knew it wasn't you." Rhyoko 
raised up drew her sword and charged Washu. Washu just floated out of 
the way and shot several disks at Rhyoko. Rhyoko turned around, " You 
evil wench," "Ah ah ah we don't talk to mom that way Ree-Ree," and with 
that Washu nailed Rhyoko upside the head. In return to the hit Rhyoko 
sliced Washu straight down the torso. "Hi Rhyoko surprised," "What the 
heck is this? A doll you dirty scum when I get my hands on you I'll," 
"You'll what?" said Washu right face to face with Rhyoko. Rhyoko shot 
several disks at Washu but missed. Washu turned to destroy Rhyoko but 
just as she did Rhyoko grabbed her threw her towards the earth shot 
several violent shots through her heart and sliced her from head to 
foot five times. " Hahaha got you that time Washu."

	"Very well done Rhyoko thank you," said Yukie, "now Washu I want 
you to make me a weapon that will destroy the earth so I may have my 
revenge," "Yes master," was Washus' reply.

	Rhyoko came back just about to ask Tenchi to kiss her when she 
saw Sikoha and Tenchi making out on the couch. "Die Sikoha just die."

	Rhyoko told Aeka of her success and what was happening down 
stairs. "Why that dirty little I shall not say what I think she is." 
Aeka and Rhyoko thought of how to get revenge but then they remembered 
they would be terminated for destroying one of Yukies' own creations.

	"Washu how is the weapon coming," "It will ready by tomorrow," 
"Excellent yes excellent." "I'm glad your happy master."

	"Tenchi I'm so glad to be with you," "I am glad to be with you 
to." "Ah just look* sniff *at them waaaahhhhhh." Mihoshi just sat their 
and balled her eyes out, "their just a perfect couple." " I think so 
to," said Sasami.

	"DINNNEEERR TTIIIIMMMMMEEE EEEEEVVEEERYYYONNNEEEE!!!!!!" yelled 
Sasami at the tip, top of her lungs. Tenchi and Sikoha were the first 
ones there. It was an awesome Floridian meal filled with oranges, 
peaches, bananas, plums, and other fruits. "Hmm delicious Sasami." 
"Glad you like it." "I like it to Sasami." "Thanks Sikoha." Out of 
nowhere Yosho got the thought that Tenchi would propose to Sikoha and 
soon.

	"You know Tenchi she would make a mighty fine wife," whispered 
Yosho. Tenchi blushed. After dinner Tenchi and Sikoha watched a movie. 
Sikoha asked Tenchi how he felt for her and he answered, " If I could 
have any treasure any value of gold or silver of diamond or emerald I 
would pick you." she smiled and kissed him with all she had. 

	"The weapon is complete master," said Washu. This is the turning 
point of the story for now the world, as we know it could be destroyed.

 	Everyone went to bed. In the night an eclipse happened that would 
last over five days. A global earthquake shook the earth. The only 
place not stirred was fifty miles north, east, south, and west of the 
Masaki shrine.

	When they woke up Rhyoko and Aeka where gone (I couldn't guess 
where they are hehe). Sikoha went into Tenchi's room and Sasami started 
breakfast. Today I'll make a special meal thought Sasami. Hmm what 
could I make she wondered, "I got it!"

	The meal was served a bid gourmet of all sorts' French cheeses, 
American sausage and bacon and eggs, Japanese sushi, and Spanish 
tacitos. "Wow Sasami you've defenently out done yourself today," said 
Tenchi. After breakfast they decided to watch a movie together Sasami, 
Tenchi, and Sikoha.

	Down in the emperor's lair Yukie was fixing to prepare the Death 
Destroyer. "Thank you Washu you've really helped," said Yukie, "Your 
welcome master," said Washu in a droned voice. "Prepare the blast," 
screamed Yukie. 

	Suddenly Tenchi felt uneasy like something was going to happen 
<what the.> Tenchi jumped as he saw two arms wrap around him like they 
would suffocate him. " What are you afraid of Tenchi,"
" Oh it's just you," Tenchi turned around and embraced Sikoha.

	"Good work Sikoha very good work," said Yukie who went into an 
evil laugh. " Washu status," " Just fifty minutes left till we will be 
ready to blast the earth," said Washu. " Perfect ha ha ha perfect."he 
replied.

	Now Tenchi knew something was wrong he hurried but couldn't find 
anything he wondered because his senses never failed him before. <This 
is very strange what could be wrong lets see Aeka left with Rhyoko 
they've done that a lot lately and I haven't seen Washu lately. > 
"WASHU." Tenchi ran to the lab busted through the door but couldn't 
find her anywhere.

	"Where did she go?" asked Tenchi to himself. This was to weird 
for Tenchi I mean first two rivals get along excellent and someone who 
only leaves her room for food is gone now to. What did this all mean he 
had to figure it out? He asked Sikoha who knew but claimed she didn't. 
He asked Sasami, Mihoshi, Kihonae Nuboyuki, and even Yosho. No one 
knew.

	"Status Washu." " Only thirty more minutes." Replied Washu. " 
Soon I shall have my revenge yes very soon."

	Back home Tenchi was going berserk trying to figure it out. 
Panting he came back in the house, 
" I couldn't find them anywhere," < what the heck does it mean> " I 
can't take this anymore I'm going insane my instincts have never 
screwed up like this before," Tenchi ran to his room and slammed the 
door shut.

	" Twenty minutes master," " We are closer than ever to my dream 
Washu." Said Yukie with a devilish grin on his face, "yes very close 
indeed."

	Tenchi screamed and wailed it was killing him he knew something 
awful was going to happen but what was it < if I don't figure this out 
everyone is going to get really hurt. > He couldn't stand himself why 
could he not figure it out. Then, it snapped, like a bolt of lightning 
he went got his picture from his trunk his only picture the very 
special picture the last picture of him and his mom. He asked for help 
then he prayed and put the picture back.

	"Ten minutes and counting"

	Tenchi thought it over and over but nothing came to him. He 
remembered his dad telling him the Masaki's were and still are the 
guardians of the earth and he must risk his life to save it. So why 
couldn't he figure it out? He strained himself screamed at himself 
tried to call himself names to get him to figure it out. Still nothing.

	" Nine minutes"       

 	Finally Tenchi came down out of his room and burrowed his head in 
Sikoha's lap and started to cry. " What's wrong Tenchi." " I can't 
figure it out." "What out?" "What is causing this disturbance." "What 
disturbance I don't sense anything." " Let me tell you a secret no one 
else knows we the Masaki's have pledged our lives to make sure the 
earth stayed safe and now my instincts are telling me something's wrong 
but he couldn't figure it out," Sikoha lifted him and with all the 
passion love and compassion she could muster she put it all in one 
kiss.

	"Five minutes."

	" I'll try to help you figure it out." said Sikoha, " I know 
where they are," Then, where are they" " Listen Tenchi if I tell you I 
will die," "Why" " For reasons I'm not allowed to discuss." Tenchi 
started crying more than ever he knew what ever was going to happen 
would happen fast and by the time he finds out about it will be to 
late.

	"Three minutes master."

	Tenchi kissed Sikoha and ran into the woods looking for what he 
did not know what he was searching for. Why does this have to happen 
now when everything is perfect he kept blaming himself with being 
hypnotized by love and not paying attention? Right then he was going 
through a lot of stress he hated himself right then what was going on 
he wondered I have to figure it out.

	"One minute till the blast Lord Yukie."

	He clenched his head with his fists and then it snapped something 
that Washu talked about earlier about some rival named Yukie. His 
memory trailed back " Oh I remember that guy Yukie he was right behind 
me in science school I would make something and he would make something 
better and vice versa to cut a long story short I mad an invention that 
would tell the past of one character they tried it on Yukie who 
volunteered thinking this will never work but sure enough it did it 
showed his disgusting past and he was kicked out and he swore revenge."

	"Thirty seconds," said Washu and then something strange happened 
she had her memory replaced. When she saw Yukie she knew immediately 
who he was, " So what is all this." He explained how he brain washed 
Rhyoko and Aeka and even herself to serve him and to make the death 
destroyer. " So what ya gonna do with it," " Well I saw your fight with 
Dr. Clay and decided the only way to get revenge is to destroy your 
guinea pig." " No not Tenchi please not Tenchi." " Yes I did find your 
weakness well its to late now." " Why do you say that?" " Because there 
she blows ha ha ha ."

	Faster and faster and faster hurled the big blast of light headed 
to the earth. " No Tenchi please," Washu turned to her rival, " you 
monster I'll kill you for this aaaahhhhh." " She ran towards him drew 
her sword but was easily blown away by the dark powers crippled on the 
wall Washu apologized for not being able to save Tenchi.

	Then in a flash of light there were static sounds of the blast 
against the atmosphere. Washu started to cry. With a flash it 
disappeared. " What who did this." Behind the vast Light hawk wings 
stood Tenchi who too four wings and enclosed the ship formed three into 
a huge sword and teleported onto the ship he then ran to the the deck 
and said, "Let them go." "Never." "I said let them go." "And I said 
no." With that Tenchi charged at full blast at Yukie pulled back his 
sword and slashed. When he opened his eyes and looked back he saw Washu 
slit diagonally down the middle. He watched as both pieces just fell 
off to the floor the last thing he heard was, "No Tenchi whyyyyyyy."

	"That does it," yelled Tenchi with a shaky, sad voice. He charged 
with all the hatred he could muster he enclosed Yukie in the shield of 
two light hawk wings and ran at him and slashed until their was no more 
strength in him. He fell to his knees looked at Washu and cried 
uncontrollably.

	He returned home to see Washu their, " Hi," "Washu," "That's me." 
"But how," " I have two parts physical and non physical you killed me 
non physical so I'm still alive when Rhyoko killed me that was my 
physical do you understand?" " No but what ever." " So where is 
Sikoha," "Well, since you killed Yukie Rhyoko and Aeka got their normal 
memory back but his death killed her." "No," "But I regenerated her 
cells and now she back.

	"And that is how it happened your father married me and I had you 
two." " Wow dad was brave did that really happen?" "IT sure did that it 
did." " So what happened to Rhyoko and Aeka." One of the children asked 
but Sikoha just replied, " That is another story for tomorrow night." 
She kissed her two children and went to sleep with her husband.

					End.

	Notes...
I hope you enjoyed this it is my first fic ever made so give me some 
slack hope it wasn't to confusing I thought it was pretty good the 
sticken thing took five hours to make please have liked it this was 
made by none other than Perry Rose Doyle III (for short Trey.)

                   	  

	   
  	 		  

		 		         
  



	 
