*DISCLAIMER*: None of the characters here are mine. They all belong to AIC 
and Pioneer.

Note from the Author: This is my first fanfic, so please bear with me. It 
may seem a little short in comparison to others, but I hope you enjoy the 
unique story line. Just so you know, I wrote Tenchi of Jurai to be an 
independant series almost. The only thing connecting it to any of the other 
series are the characters contained within.

Tenchi of Jurai
	Episode I: Something Stirring

	It was getting late and the third sun of Tresh was about to set. The bar 
was beginning to fill, street scum came in by the dozens. Thugs and thieves 
with too much beer in their heads where starting to make things look rough 
and ugly. Knives where gleaming and someone was loading their gun.
	This is the way Ryoko liked it.
	A sudden explosion in the back room set things into motion. In the blink of 
an eye blood was spilled and punches where being thrown. A quick smile 
flashed across her face as she threw herself into the action.
	Everynight at about this time the Shei bar would break out into a big free 
for all brawl. For some reason, that's mainly why people came to this bar. 
Maybe it was the red sky fever that pushed people to unleash their rage and 
just mutilate something. Somewhere in the blood and violence people found 
satisfaction, maybe some more than others, but there's always a violent 
streak within. Ryoko was one of those people who showed it more prominently.
	With her energy blade swinging she gashed open wounds and tore off limbs. 
She let out a maniacal laugh, audible to no one but herself in the noise of 
the big fight. Lost in the adrenaline pumping through every limb of her 
body, she didn't notice the sputtering of her communicator.
	" Pathetic boozers! Take this!" she screamed hurling  a dark red energy 
ball into the midst of the crowd. A giant explosion sent people flying and 
ended the scuffle. The energy threw Ryoko into a pile of broken wood, 
probably what had once been tables, where she now lay giggling to herself.
	" Oh my, I think I might have slightly over did it!" she said to herself. 
Once again she broke out laughing as people around her lay moaning, injured 
dead or dying. Thats the kind of person she is.
	" RYOKO! You filthy scumbag of a bi-"
	Ryoko reached down and picked up her communicator which lay among the 
rubble on the floor, " Kodeki! don't you dare finish that sentence!"
	" Whoa!" crackled the voice from the other end. " I tried contacting you 
earlier but got no response so I figured I needed to grab your attention."
	" Yeah, well I'm here now, what do you want?"
	" *Krrrrrrrrr* Got some news you might be interested in."
	Ryoko slammed the communicator on the ground several times in anger, " 
Speak up you fool! What's with all the static."
	" Prison..."
	There was no need for Kodeki to say anymore. He was an old friend of 
Ryoko's, a fellow space pirate. He managed to get into trouble quite often. 
No matter what the circumstances though, he always pulled through with his 
little tricks like smuggling a cheap plastic communicator, undetectible to 
most scanners, into his cell or passing off the C4 in his teeth as fillings.
	Now smiling, Ryoko spoke into the communicator, " Interesting, how exactly 
do you get this 'news' from inside of prison."
	" *Krrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr* Inside connections, y'know? Anyway, not much 
time to talk. Just want you to know this. Crystal of Jurai. Dero system..." 
And with that his voice cut out.
	Ryoko didn't even try to contact him again, what he had just told her was 
ground-breaking enough. If what he said was true, then the stolen Crystal of 
Jurai was somewhere in the outer reaches. Somewhere in the Dero system.
	For more than 500 years people had been searching for that stolen gem. 
Nobody knows what it does, except of course the emperor of Jurai, but that 
doesn't matter. The reward for it was enbelievable! If she could manage to 
bring that thing home, she'd never have to knock over another bank.
	Now an even bigger smile set upon her face. The only thing she enjoyed more 
than senseless violence was lotsa money!
	" C'mon Ryo-ohki! we got places to go and things to steal!"


Looking for any comments (good or bad), ideas or corrections. Be very 
critical, I want an honest opinion. E-mail me at lemontwist23@hotmail.com 
with any of these.
P.S. Please comment how well I portray the personality of the characters, 
this is something I worry about alot

