"Tenchi Saga 3: A Day at Masaki House"
by: frogboy@tokyo-3.com
(c)2000

	"Gotta run.  Gotta hide. Gotta move fast. Gotta get out," a man said to 
himself as he sped through the forest, blindly, allowing leaves and thorns to 
brush by him.  Blood poured from every location on his body.  Voices called from 
behind him, "Stop, you are under arrest, stop now, or I'll- I'll- I'll have to 
hurt you!"
He continued running, hitting briers and sharp sticks.  His side hurt so much 
and contracted so tensely that it made him collapse into a pile of cherry 
blossoms.  Quickly, he covered himself with the blossoms to hide.  Footsteps 
started getting louder.  His eyes caught the glimpse of two men who stood 
directly above him looking around. They were dressed in soldier's attire.  Their 
proximity forced him to hold his breath, which wasn't easy after he had just 
run.  A dim glow emitted from his watch as he pressed a small button.  It was 
too dim for the soldiers to see.  The time was 4:42 am.  No noise was made by 
the man, but the soldiers remained persistent in their attempts to find him.  
The man could no longer hold his breath, so he eased the air from his lungs, 
slowly.  He took another slow breath in, but the rate at which he was breathing 
was not giving him enough air.  The soldiers turned around and looked in a bush.  
Creeping up from his position, he inched his way to a strong downhill shift.  
His body slid gently down the steep angle to prevent himself from rolling 
violently down.  He crawled toward a lucent lake, so serene and alone in the 
night that the mere sight of it made his body slacken into a restful state.  In 
the center of the lake was a bubbling hot spring. He placed his hand onto a long 
sharp stick and it pierced into his hand about a centimeter.  Blood poured from 
his hand, but he merely pulled the stick out of his skin and continued toward 
the flawless lake.  His toes slid into the lake, followed by his legs, body, and 
head.  The pond began to turn pink with his blood.  He felt as if he had reached 
a state of sound bliss.
	Ryoko had awakened for the eighteenth time that night, arising several 
seconds before going back to sleep, each previous time.  This time she saw Aeka 
rise from her sleep and walk toward the exit.  She looked down at Ryoko as the 
demon's eyes shut.  Aeka turned her head back toward the door and open it 
slowly, trying not to awaken the seemingly slumbering Ryoko.  She left the room 
and crept downstairs.  Her gentle feet led her into the kitchen.  A switch 
flicked on, igniting a dim fluorescent bulb.  Aeka opened the refrigerator door 
and pulled a bowl of rice from it.  She put the bowl on the table and walked 
over to a drawer.  Opening it, she took out a pair of chopsticks.  A chair slid 
out from the table, and Aeka sat down at the table and began eating the rice.  
She ate only three bites before pushing it away from herself.  She hadn't eaten 
any meals yesterday and still did not have the urge to eat.  Confusion was 
strewn about her mind.  What was going on in her mind and body?  She exited the 
house very cautiously, making absolutely no noise.  More gentle footsteps 
directed her into the woods until she was out of sight of the house and her legs 
gave way.  Tears formed in her eyes, but she remained silent.  She ran out 
further into the woods, trying to forget the way back to the house.
	Ryoko teleported from the room to downstairs.  She began searching for 
Aeka.  She looked in the kitchen, the onsen, the living room, and a few other 
locations.
"Where could that girl be?" Ryoko wondered.  She made a livid look before flying 
up to Tenchi's room.  The door knob rotated slowly and awkwardly.  The door 
creaked open.  Aeka was not inside.  Ryoko went back to her room and turned on 
the television.
"I can't sleep," she thought.  The news channel showed a live coverage report 
from within the forest..
"We are still looking for the criminal," a soldier whispered, "He was more 
intelligent than we thought.  He is somewhere in the woods, but we haven't found 
him... yet."
"Sheesh, a lot of strange things have been going on in Hokkaido lately," Ryoko 
thought.  "It all has to do with that war in space," Ryoko assumed, "That is 
probably how they all got here."
Ryoko wondered how the war began.  She reclined on the bed, too tired to fall 
asleep.  She looked at the clock in the room.  It was 5:02 am.
	Kiyone slowly opened her eyes.  She was in an apartment. Yosho allowed her 
to live on her own with Mihoshi.  She yawned and stretched as she rose sleepily 
from her bed.  A few seconds after she woke up, a clock started buzzing loudly.  
Mihoshi got up from her bed at the sound of the clock.  She was in a pair of 
pajamas that were a few sizes too large.  Mihoshi crawled toward the bathroom 
and opened the door.  She went inside the room and groggily pushed the door, not 
shutting it fully.  The pajamas slid from Mihoshi's body onto the floor.  Kiyone 
watched her as her clothes dropped onto the tiled bathroom ground.  Kiyone 
blushed and turned around to go fix breakfast.  She took out two bowls and 
poured cereal into them.  Milk was poured from a large pitcher and coated the 
cereal.  Kiyone placed a spoon in each of the white shiny bowls.  Kiyone sat in 
a chair for a few minutes before getting up and walking to the bathroom.  She 
timidly looked through a crack in the door and saw a foggy mirror.  Her uneasy 
mind barely allowed her to push the door the rest of the way open.  It made no 
sound.  She heard Mihoshi singing a cheerful tone from her favorite television 
show.
"Hey..." Kiyone whispered, "...Mihoshi.  I poured you a bowl of cereal."
"Thanks, Kiyone," Mihoshi replied.  Kiyone stared down at the ground and began 
sliding her foot around, impatiently.
"I was wondering if you want to go to the kareoke, Mihoshi," Kiyone said.
"I'd love to!" Mihoshi called as she turned off the shower water.  She reached 
out of the shower and grabbed a towel.  The towel wrapped around her body as she 
stepped out of the steamy shower.  She purposely brushed her breasts, which were 
tightly wrapped in a towel, against Kiyone while exiting the bathroom.  Kiyone 
shivered unknowingly and stared vacantly at the empty shower for a few seconds 
before turning around and walking back out.
	Washu was still awake.  It was 5:24 am.  She began mixing a sticky white 
substance into a beaker filled with purple liquid.  Then, she siphoned some of 
the mixture into a large maze of aqueducts.  It led the mixture into a spherical 
chamber filled with a colorless gas.  Sparks shot upward as the mixture poured 
onto the base of the chamber.  She then poured a yellow liquid into the 
aqueducts.  It reached the chamber and caused a great amount of blue gas.  Washu 
quickly locked off a gate in the labyrinth of pipes.  The blue gas eventually 
cooled and settled at the bottom of the chamber in a liquid form.  Washu let out 
a deep breath.
"Now, time for the hard part," She said to herself.  She walked out of a pseudo-
door and into the back of Oakiaru. Kai and Toshimi were sleeping on its floor.  
She left the door of Oakiaru and jumped down about three feet onto the living 
room's gothic rug.  Yosho was walking down the stairs and waved to Washu as he 
exited the house.  He was headed for the shrine.  Washu walked mellifluously up 
the stairs, so as not to disturb Tenchi.  She opened the guest room door and was 
surprised to see Ryoko awake.
"What do you want... mom," Ryoko said angrily due to her tiredness.
"Ummm... nothing," Washu said prior to shutting the door.
"I guess I better wait till the next time they're asleep," Washu mumbled to 
herself.
	"Well I suppose I'll be here for awhile," the man in the forest thought.  
His rest came to an end while the moon glared gently down upon him.  He crept 
out of the water unwillingly.  There was some wood on the ground.  The man 
decided to pick it up and make a pile.  A short flame soon grew into a roaring 
fire beside the glistening lake.  He placed himself near it, even though he 
wasn't at all cold.
"Maybe, I can just stay here forever," he thought, "My life cannot become 
anything more than it already is.  I will rest here as long as I can before 
those people find me.  What do they want with me?  Every crime that I have 
committed is already done.  You can't change the past."
"But you can change the future," another voice in his mind opposed his thoughts.  
The new voice sounded like a woman with much knowledge and power.  It also 
sounded like a child.
"What is this in my mind?" he thought, "I just want to live, stay here forever.  
You can't take all life's pleasure from me.  Leave me alone."
He felt so useless, so alone.  He stopped by the flame and made a net of leaves 
to place over the fire and disbanded the large strands of smoke.  He rested his 
eyes for a few seconds and pictured what his life had been up to that point.
"Wasted," he thought, "Where went the joy; the fun was at others' expense; I had 
no... love."
	Aeka walked deeper into the woods.  Some forest vegetation was caught in 
her night dress.  She kept walking until she got to a small crystal lake with a 
waterfall emptying out into it.  It was beautiful.  Images of happiness passed 
through her mind.  Aeka was going nowhere.  She was just running from life, from 
everything.  Each event now played a more integral part in her life.  Her mind 
attempted to put pleasure, desire, and emotions into a visual image in her head.  
Only colors emerged.  These feelings could not be seen.  Our sight, vision, is 
the least abstract of all our senses.  Feelings should not be visualized.  They 
should only be felt.  Aeka realized these truths.  Emotion is the most 
influential of all the body's senses and yet it has no physical entity.  It has 
no boundaries.  Our mind projects things that we cannot explain.  True love is 
not "warmth".  There are no descriptions to possibly fathom the immensity of 
love, pleasure, and bliss.  Aeka slowly pulled her night dress off and stepped 
into the warm, relaxing water.  She slid down into the waters and shut her eyes.  
These were the feelings that she had been looking for.  After trying to evaluate 
them, they felt more abstract than ever before.  She took a minute to try to 
prove herself wrong.  Could she describe her feelings?  "Heat", "tenderness", 
and "relaxation" came to mind, but she knew that she was feeling more than that.  
All her other senses went numb.  She tried only to feel what was in her mind.  
The moon looked down upon her.  She felt alone, but she was not saddened by 
this.  The loneliness added to the sheer perfection of the scene.  She tried to 
describe her feelings again.  "Ecstasy" passed through her mind.  She woke up 
from her state of "ecstasy" and saw the waterfall that was tilted at such an 
angle that she could crawl up.  Curious of what lay ahead, her body inched hits 
way upward.  She rounded the top of the waterfall with her eyelids closed.  Her 
eyelids were heavy.  Not from unpleasant tiredness, but from the lack of desire 
in opening them.  Her eyes slowly opened.  Aeka stared for a few seconds before 
blushing and hiding her smooth, nude body beneath the water.  He stared for the 
same amount of time before averting his eyes from Aeka.
"Why are you here?" she said humbly.
"I'm a criminal, fleeing from the law," he replied.  Aeka thought for a few 
seconds. Then she said, "Me too."
She took a short pause, then asked, "What is your name?"
"My name?" he said as a metaphor, "It's Frank, Frank Phillips."
"Well, Frank, I hope you don't mind if I stay here, for awhile," she said 
pathetically showing weakness.
"I'd be so happy if you would."
"Why?" she asked.
"I need some company," Frank tried to hide his true nature, "I am usually a shy, 
solitary person."
"I will be here, then," Aeka responded letting her hands slowly drift away from 
herself.  She exposed some of her nudity to Frank, unintentionally.  She then 
realized this, but chose to do nothing about it.  Frank tilted his head backward 
a bit and shut his eyes.  Aeka stared at Frank.  She wondered why she showed 
such feelings.  He wasn't much a sight to look at, but wasn't horribly ugly.  He 
lacked charisma, but managed to allure her emotions.  She looked at him a few 
seconds before placing her hand onto the center of her chest.  A motionless 
sleep consumed her mind.
	Kai rose from his bed and went into the kitchen.  He began cooking a bowl 
of miso soup for himself.  Washu walked into the kitchen and smelled the 
delicious scent hovering in the air.
"Yummy, miso soup," she said in a rasped, morning voice.
"Thanks," he replied in the same tone.  Washu cleared her throat.
"I completed the experiments and have the semifinal product," Washu said 
proudly.
"Good," Kai said oblivious to what Washu had told him.
"By the way, you are very potent, Kai," Washu said.
"Excuse me?"
"The product worked wonderfully."
"Are you referring to my..."
"Yes," Washu interrupted seeing Toshimi groggily step from Oakiaru.  He emoted a 
dull yawn.
"Hi everyone," Toshimi grumbled angrily like anyone who has just been woken from 
sleep's beautiful paradise would.
"Hey, Toshimi," Kai called, "Would you like to share some miso soup with Washu 
and me?"
"Thanks, man, I'll do just that," he replied in a more positive tone.  The sun 
was not yet above the horizon.  It was 5:50 am on a warm summer day.  Kai poured 
miso soup into each of three bowls on the table.  Ryoko drifted downstairs and 
into the kitchen.  Her eyes were bloodshot.  Before she had arrived at the 
table, a bowl of soup was in front of her.  She sat down and began eating.  
Nobuyuki quickly ran downstairs and grabbed his attach‚ case.  He zoomed out the 
door and shouted, "Can't be late for work!"
	A girl was running mindlessly through the woods.  Brush and trees flew 
past her.  Her breathing quickened.  The eyes of this girl were shut as she sped 
further.  A sudden jolt caused her eyes to instantly flash open.  She had 
slammed face first into a soldier.  She jumped back and tripped over a log.  The 
soldier laughed at her misfortune.  She stood up and dusted herself off.  
Disregarding the soldier's very presence, the nimble woman sprinted around the 
soldier and further into the woods.  He yelled for her to stop, but she did not 
listen.  While staring back, not paying attention, her foot hit a rock, causing 
her to tumble down the side of a slope.  Frank and Aeka were totally asleep in 
the water of the hot spring.  Aeka was bobbing toward the surface of the water, 
her legs crossed and along the lake's base.  The girl tumbling down the hill 
plunged into the water directly in front of Frank and onto Aeka.  Aeka gave a 
shrill cry of agony.  Frank sprung up and retreated upon seeing the splash.  
Aeka threw the girl off of her with great force.  She gave a violent scream and 
became direly afraid.
"I'm sorry," she cried, "I fell off of the hill and onto you I..."
Aeka looked regretful for her brutal action.
"It's ok," Aeka said, "I should not have thrown you."
"This soldier found me and I knew that I had to complete my journey so..." the 
girl continued.
"Journey, where?"
"To find a girl I met."
"What is your name, fellow rogue," Aeka flinched when she spoke the word rogue.
"Akira," she answered, "I hate my name, it sounds like a boy name."
"I think your name is very sweet," Frank said to her, "Sit back, relax, we'll be 
here for a while."
Aeka watched Akira as she slipped off her tattered T-shirt.  Her hands slowly 
removed the hooks from the back of her brassier.  Aeka looked down at the water 
below her and blinked several times.  Frank gawked at her, obsessively.  She 
slid herself under the waters before removing her shorts.  Akira blushed and 
bowed in half to cover herself.  Frank looked at his watch.
"Well girls, it's six o'clock.  I'm really tired.  I'll wake back up at eleven," 
Frank said.  He pressed a few buttons on his watch.
"I think I'll get some shut-eye, too," Aeka said.  Frank and Akira closed their 
eyes and yet again and returned to a dream-filled sleep.  Aeka placed a hand on 
her chest and one on her thigh and fell asleep.
	"Ok, so that's six teriyaki chicken sandwiches, four Coca-Colas, two Dr. 
Peppers, and six boxes of chicken tenders," Kiyone said quickly over a phone.
"Yes," came the reply.
"Ok, that'll be 2874 yen," Kiyone said.
"Sheesh, prices these days," a complaint came faintly across, "The address is 
734 South Street."
"Ok, the order will take up to fifteen minutes to complete."
Kiyone hung the phone up. She called over to Mihoshi, "Hey, Mihoshi, make the 
food on this order sheet."
She tossed the order sheet over to her.
"Kiyone, I'm tired of working.  We could be out having fun," Mihoshi complained.
"Mihoshi, that isn't even funny.  You know we can't just stop.  How do you 
expect us to pay for our apartment," Kiyone argued.
"Ok..." Mihoshi accepted defeat, "but after work, you promised we go to the 
kareoke bar."
"Yeah, fine," Kiyone smiled, "and I'll take you up to Nobuyuki's onsen.  Just 
keep working so we can keep ourselves alive."
Kiyone wondered why she didn't consent Yosho's offer to let them stay and eat 
there.  She then pictured her chauvinistic, Chinese superior, Taolin, and 
remembered why.
	Tenchi, finally, woke up and walked downstairs.  He was the only person 
who had gotten a good night's sleep.  It was the morning, but it was still dark 
outside.  Tenchi walked into the kitchen fully refreshed from the placid sleep 
he just had.   He pulled some food out of the refrigerator and placed it onto 
the mahogany kitchen table.  The food sloshed loudly in his mouth.  Ryoko was 
sitting in the living room watching television.  She felt a twitch in her brain.  
The feeling was very unfamiliar to her at first, but she soon recalled it from 
long ago.  She exited the house and was mentally compelled toward the woods.  
Her mind was leading her towards an object, but she didn't know where it was, 
yet.
	Washu walked from the onsen, through the living room, and back into her 
lab.  Kai was pouring some odd, highly-reactive chemicals into a large bottle.
"Kai," Washu startled him, "What are you doing?"
"Oh, me?  I was just seeing the contramatter that you made," Kai said 
hesitantly.
"What were you doing with it?" Washu inquired angrily.
"I was just seeing how it would react with various substances."
"You still have my male birthing formula, don't you?"
"Is that the white goo stuff?"
"...yeah, why?"
"I didn't think you'd need it, so I, kinda, put Tachyon energy pods onto it..."
"What?!?"
"It looked really weird when all the light flashed everywhere and the blue 
energy surge blasted down the reactor cables."
"Blasted down what?"
"Oh, nothing... needless to say, the stuff was obliterated."
"I guess I'll need to take more samples..."
"Oh, darn," Kai said sardonically, "I'd hate that."
Washu gave an angry look and then slowly altered it into an expression of ardor.  
She continued staring at him and two imprisonment pods flew down and captured 
Kai.  Washu gave an exasperated look, "Well, it better not happen again."
	A dull ring sounded repetitively.  It was a very annoying buzz, but it was 
very faint.  Frank opened his eyes.  He was angry at how easily he was awakened. 
His thumb slid across a button on his watch, stopping the alarm.  His body 
gently glided through the water over to Aeka.  He gently pressed against her 
shoulder with his arm to wake her up.  Aeka only floated further back.  Her arms 
coasted away from her chest and lower abdomen.
"Girl, girl..." Frank whispered into Aeka's ear, "Wake up."
He gave up and decided to let her sleep.  A strong urge in Frank's mind wanted 
to ask her for her name, but he didn't want to disturb her wondrous slumber.  
Aeka involuntarily moved her hands back onto her chest and thigh.  Frank noted 
how self-conscious Aeka was, even in her sleep.  Akira woke up with chills 
throughout her body.
"Are you cold?" Frank asked noticing her shivering.
"No, it's just," Akira began, "I met a girl that I wanted to see today.  I liked 
her so much and she just left, saying nothing.  I think I love her..."
Frank stared down at his feet with his eyes wide open.  He then spoke with ease, 
"I know how you feel."
In actuality, he had little idea of how she was feeling, but to some extent, the 
same thing happened to him.
"I met a girl in space," Frank said softly, "she was pretty nice."
"Ryoko was her name," Akira said unaware of Frank's comment, "she flew over 
these woods and..."
"Flew?"
"Yes, I'm not joking, she flew!"
"Hmm... well I am going to gather us some lunch that we can eat later.  Make 
sure Aeka gets up before I come back."
Frank walked out into the woods and out of view.
	"Sasami," Misaki called, "Time for brunch!"
There was no reply, Misaki waited a few more seconds before yelling again, 
"Sasami, where are you?"
"Mother, I am here," Sasami called.
"Oh good, well come over here, it's time to eat," Misaki called before noticing 
where Sasami was, "Get out of your ship and..."
Misaki then shuddered when she thought of why Sasami would be in her ship.  She 
said nothing; she started running toward Sasami as fast as she could.  Her feet 
haphazardly fumbled around in her kimono.  Sasami's ship had already taken to 
the air and was speeding toward space.  Ordinarily, Misaki would've responded by 
sending fleets over to capture Sasami, but she let Sasami fly away.
"I hope you know what you're getting into, Sasami," Misaki whispered toward the 
ship, reassuring herself.
	Aeka's crimson eyes opened at the zenith of the sun.  The sun's brightness 
appeared blue and green as she tried to look away.  Her eyes caught Akira 
sitting on the hot spring's edge without her clothing on.  Aeka was puzzled as 
to why Akira would be nude.  She then remembered that she had also been missing 
her clothing.  Her memory reminded her where her own clothes could be found.
"Better put something on," Aeka blushed awkwardly by merely thinking this.  Her 
tender body glided toward the waterfall from which she could get to where she 
left her clothes.  Aeka's feet slowly began sliding down the slope.  Her body 
was tilted backwards so she wouldn't slip.  A large spherical rock came into 
contact with her foot.  She acknowledged that it was there but was incapable of 
moving her foot away.  Her chest slowly tilted forward, using her stationed foot 
as the fulcrum.  She lost her balance and let out a comical scream.  Her face 
followed by her body landed on the waterfall's base.  She slid downward on the 
slope, face-first, and skidded her chest, abdomen, and chin along the jagged 
rocks.  Blood flew from her skin and oozed out into the water.  The previously 
untainted water became dull purple with her Juraian blood.  The spherical rock 
tumbled down with her.  Her calamitous massacre ended with her body splashing 
loudly upon the bottom of the falls.  She weakly attempted to raise herself with 
her arms, which quivered as she rose.  When she was half-way up, the obnoxious 
rounded stone hit her on the head, causing her to arms to give way and drop her 
back into the pool.  Her face glowed red with anger.  She clenched the rock and 
began shaking it violently.  Her bloodshot eyes focused down upon it.  It was a 
perfect, unaltered sphere and was completely black.  Its surface had a gentle 
shimmer to it, but was totally opaque.  She remembered this strange object from 
somewhere.  Her hand pressed on both sides of it gently. It bowed with stress.  
She continued squeezing until, instantly, a crack split across the sides.  
Startled, she dropped it into the water.
"Odd," she thought.  She grabbed only her dress, not her other garments, and 
wrapped herself in it.  The dress became stained with satin-colored blood.  She 
stumbled erratically back up the waterfall.  Her eyes caught Frank, who was in 
the midst of gathering food.  The pain from the fall that occurred just seconds 
ago became stronger.  Frank looked over at her blood-stained dress.
"What happened, Miss," Frank said compassionately.
"I fell over on that slope, " she said.
"Come here, I'll help you ," Frank told her.  She walked over.  Akira was 
cooking some meat over a fire.
"Let me see..." Frank said to himself as he tore a piece of his shirt off for 
Aeka.  He loomed toward her with the piece in hand.
"Where are you hurt?" he asked.  She pointed at the center of her chest, a few 
inches below her neck.  Frank swallowed, took the piece of clothing and wrapped 
it like a sash from her left shoulder around to her right side.  She blushed 
with an unknown feeling.  Frank saw that blood was dripping from her chin.  He 
tore off another piece of his clothing and used it to wipe the blood from her 
chin.  His appearance altered to that of a timid, na‹ve, schoolboy, even though 
he was twenty-eight and had never taken any schooling.  Frank asked her if she 
had any more injuries.  Akira stood unaware of what was happening for Aeka and 
Frank were behind a large rock in the lake.  Aeka slowly spread her dress open 
enough to expose her chest, but less than half of her breasts.  Frank and Aeka 
both blushed.  Sweat dropped from Aeka's forehead and into the water.  A hand 
reached into a pocket and pulled out a small aloe plant.  It broke the aloe 
leave in half, allowing the liquid within the plant to ooze out.  The hand 
rubbed some onto a piece of clothing and smoothed it out evenly onto the fabric.  
Frank took the material and placed it onto the center of  Aeka's chest.  A set 
of lavender eyes clenched shut.  Frank's mind became impassioned with the heat 
of human desire.  He looked up at Aeka and, when seeing her shut eyes, closed 
his as well.  Aeka's heart began beating rapidly and Frank could feel her heart 
thumping with fervor.  Aeka's mind became outrageously excited.  She let her 
mouth drop open and shut her eyes more tightly.  The aloe stung her wounds, but 
she interpreted the pain as an accompaniment for her elation.  Aeka let out an 
exhaustive moan.  Frank stopped what he was doing and backed away slowly.
"I can't do this," he thought, "she is so much younger than I am."
He quickly moved back to where Akira was at.  Akira was in the midst of cooking 
when Fumbling for an excuse, Frank called to Aeka, "Food's ready!"
Aeka's eyes opened slowly.  Frank stared at their lavender hue.
"Such a wonderful color," he thought.
"What am I doing?" Aeka pictured what she had just done, "I am not like this.  
Where is Ten-... ...no, Ryoko.  She can save me from my mind.  She can tell me 
that I am ignorant for thinking this.  Anyway, I could not possibly be loved by 
anyone.  This man must be just trying to use my body.  I am so ugly."
	Ryoko flew above the forest scanning it for her object of desire.
"Ah ha!" Ryoko called loudly.
"It's mine, it's mine, it's mine," Ryoko taunted cheerfully to herself.  She 
ceased her self-appraisal and flew down into the woods.
"Ok, I feel it, it's this way," Ryoko said wandering through the forest.  A 
small pond came across her path.
"It must be here," she said.  A dull red light blinked from beneath the water's 
surface.  Ryoko reached into the water and lifted up a cracked black orb.  She 
stuffed it in her shirt and it produced an abnormal looking bulge.  Ryoko walked 
toward a pile of clothing she saw on the ground.  She recognized it as Aeka's 
undergarments.  Blush covered her face for she was ashamed that she somehow 
possessed the ability to recognize it.  She picked up the clothing and stuffed 
it into the other side of her shirt creating another abnormally shaped bulge.
"I'm not really that hungry," Aeka's voiced called to Frank in the background.  
Ryoko heard this and distinctly recognized it as the Princess's, even though it 
seemed much less piercing than usual and obviously in an odd locale.
"Well, Princess, I know where you've been hiding," Ryoko whispered to herself, 
"but why?"
She floated upward.  Her hair and eyes were visible over the falls.  Ryoko 
looked down at Aeka and Frank.  Noticing the situation, Ryoko hid herself 
partially within a tree.
"You must eat, miss," Frank pleaded with Aeka, "I don't want you to starve."
"But I'm not hungry," Aeka defied, "Don't try to force me."
"You have no choice, you either eat, or head back out into the woods alone," 
Frank commanded, unexpectedly.
"I am Aeka, crown princess of..." Aeka began.
"Damn," she thought.
"You?" Frank stuttered amazed, "I thought you looked familiar, Princess,"
"I am Princess," Aeka was forced into admittance.  She was trying to conceal it, 
but she didn't know why.  Only her emotions knew why.
"I'm sorry, Princess, for everything that I did," Frank quickly spoke, "I was a 
criminal against your kingdom and I just wanted to say that..."
"It's fine," Aeka said.  Akira was in a different section of the pond and looked 
upward at the trees.  She noticed the azure-haired demon sitting on a branch.
"Oh my God!" Akira thought, "that's Ryoko, I'm sure of it."
Akira's feet sped hysterically over to the tree beneath Ryoko's field of vision.  
Her hands dug into the tree's supple bark.  Akira thrust herself upward.  Her 
fingernails became blunt.  When she felt like she could no longer climb, she 
noticed Ryoko on the end of the branch at her level.
"Ryoko," she called softly.  Ryoko didn't react to the voice, she just sat 
amazed at Aeka's new relationship.  Then she slowly turned around with her eyes 
closed.
"Yes, can I help you?" Ryoko said.  Her yellow eyes revealed Akira's presence.  
Akira was in a pair of soaking wet shorts and a drenched T-shirt.  Ryoko began 
spewing out questions, "How'd you get here?  How'd you find me?  Why are you 
still after me?  What do you want?  How on Earth did you get up here..."
"Ryoko, please, take me to a place where I can stay."
	Washu whistled a tune as she stacked plates in the sink.  She had two 
small flasks in her shirt pocket.
"What are you doing?" Toshimi asked politely.
"Helping with the housework," Washu answered in a merry voice.
"What housework are you helping with?" Toshimi said nicely.
"Dishes," Washu's optimism slackened as she scrubbed roughly on a dish.
"Is there anything I can help with?" Toshimi asked courteously.
"Yes," Washu said in a sinister tone.  She put her dish down and walked away 
from the loaded sink.
"Aww, man," Toshimi grumbled as he picked up a dish and began scrubbing.  Washu 
walked over to Tenchi and sat down on the couch beside him.  Washu stared 
puzzled at the animated sitcom that Tenchi was watching.
"Hi, Tenchi, do you know where Aeka is?" Washu asked.
"No, where?" Tenchi asked as if leading on to an answer.
"I'm not sure, I think she is lost in the forest," Washu replied.
"Hmm, that's odd," Tenchi said.
	Yosho was writing in a small book.  He looked up at the clock and then put 
his calligraphy pen down.  The door opened and Yosho walked outside and shouted, 
"Tenchi! Time for practice."
Tenchi faintly heard his call.
"Coming, Grandpa," Tenchi shouted as he ran out the door and up the stairs to 
the shrine.
Toshimi continued scrubbing the dishes.  He did it quickly but inefficiently.  
Washu was watching the television intently.  The onscreen antics puzzled her 
rather than amuse or influence her.  Ryoko landed outside of the front door.  
She opened the door to the house.
"Hey, Ryoko," Washu called to her, her eyes still attached to the television 
screen.  The space pirate walked in and was followed shortly by Akira.
"Who is this?" Washu asked, noticing the newcomer via her peripheral vision.
"My name is Akira," she said.
"Glad to meet you," Washu smiled as she stood up and shook Akira's hand.  She 
looked down at Akira's lower abdomen.
"Hmm," Washu thought, "She might be perfect for the experiment."
Washu sat down on the couch and Akira sat beside her.  Washu generated a black, 
translucent laptop computer in front of her.
"How'd you do that?" Akira asked, confused, while watching it hover affront 
Washu.
"Well, it helps being a super genius," Washu replied.  She entered a "bioscan" 
menu on her computer and pressed a button causing Akira's figure to appear.  She 
watched as thin colored bars traveled different lengths across the sur-screen.
"Perfect," Washu thought, "She will be the one."
"Why are you here, Akira?" Washu asked respectfully.
"I was looking for Ryoko.  I met her the other day and I just wanted to be here 
with her," Akira said.
"Ok..." Washu said thinking of what had Akira just said, "Sometime, you should 
meet the other people in this house, but as for now, can I see you in my lab?"
"Why?" Akira asked.
"I'll tell you when we get there," Washu said.  Akira followed Washu through 
Oakiaru and into a door to the lab.
"I have had a very weird day," Akira said, "I met a boy and a girl in the 
woods."
"The woods?" Washu was surprised, "What did they look like?"
"The boy had dark brown hair and looked like he was in his late twenties.  The 
girl had purple hair and dull reddish pink, beautiful..." Akira explained, 
"...eyes.  She was very beautiful and had the figure of a princess.  In fact, 
she looked exactly like the Jurai princess, but wasn't as demanding."
"That was her," Washu whispered to herself, "Most indisputably."
Washu called down a spherical pod to restrain Akira.
"Just relax, you'll be ok," Washu squinted her eyes at her.  Akira was confused 
even more.  She screamed loudly as Washu's well-known pod shot metal ropes 
around her and bound her to the wall.  Akira's breath was knocked from her.  She 
continued screaming, "What is going on?!? What are you doing?!?"
"I need your ovum to complete my experiment," Washu explained calmly as she 
snapped a glove onto her right hand and grasped a syringe with her left.
"Ahh! Don't hurt me, please! I have had such a horrible day!  I just need to 
relax" Akira cried.
"This won't hurt at all.  It might be a little uncomfortable, though.  I am so 
sorry for the inconvenience, but in the name of science, I must," Washu said.
"Please! Stop! Why are you doing this?" Akira cried uncontrollably.
"I need your ovum for the creature I am making," Washu explained.  Akira cried 
even more hysterically.  Washu's optimism frustrated Akira beyond control.  She 
never answered the way Akira wanted her to.  Washu closed in on her.  Her gloved 
hands lifted Akira's shirt exposing her stomach.  She took the syringe in hand.  
In her other hand, Washu held a large spray can of liquid.  Quickly, she sprayed 
the fluid into Akira's face, rendering her painless and asleep.  A plastic tip 
was pulled from the syringe's top.  The sharp point of the needle pierced into 
Akira's skin by only a millimeter.  A drop of blood welled up at the point of 
intersection.  Washu cringed as she saw it.  She hated what she was doing.  
Washu pushed the syringe further inward.  Akira seemed to shudder for a few 
seconds.  Washu paused for several seconds due to this, after which, she decided 
to go deeper within Akira's skin.  Washu quickly drew liquid from within Akira.  
The pink-haired scientist hurriedly pulled the syringe out of Akira's body.  A 
pleased but fearful look crossed Washu's face.
"Got it!" Washu said virtuously.
	A ship glided quickly through the magnitude of space.  Stars reflected off 
of the surface of the ship.  The twinkling made strange patterns in the void, 
but made the vessel practically invisible.  Earth was not far from the craft.
"Lady, milady, your knowledge is unsurpassable, but I cannot comply.  They are 
not to be trusted on Earth," a man said uneasily into the air.
"Are you arguing with me?" a very powerful feminine voice returned.
"No, not at all, milady.  I will do so, but I am a bit worried about the Earth's 
inhabitants," he responded.
"Doctor, I suggest you conform to milady's request," another, more subordinate, 
female voice advised without inflection.
"Agree, young mortal, for if you do not submit, I will be forced to administer 
you great secular pain," the powerful voice responded.
"Yes, Lady, of course.  Change course to Earth, Zero."
"No, foolish man, you must pilot us toward the pirate ship."
"Why, milady?"
"My sister lies within."
"Yes, by all means.  Zero, change course."
"To what, sir?" the monotone, female voice inquired.
"To Tsunami," answered the man.
	A colossal amount of wonderful scents flowed from the kitchen at the 
Masaki household, as the day progressed.  Pots and plates were loaded with many 
different types of food.  Pickled radish, tempura shrimp, soba noodles, gomaae 
salad, miso soup, tofu squares,  gyoza, sushi samplers, and several different 
types of tea furnished the dining room table.  Seated around the table on tatami 
mats were Tenchi, Yosho, Nobuyuki, Washu, Kai, Mihoshi and Kiyone, who were 
invited earlier, and Toshimi.  Akira, Aeka, and Ryoko were not present at the 
table.  Yosho handed plates out to guests before placing one affront himself.  
They began serving themselves from the delicious spread.
"Wonderful food, Grandpa," Tenchi said smiling at the well-cooked meal, which he 
had not seen since he married Ryoko.
"Thank you, Tenchi," Yosho responded.
"Yes, this is good food," Nobuyuki agreed.
"Thank you, son."
"Thank you for inviting us over, Yosho, we haven't had much luck finding any 
work and..." Kiyone began, "Nevermind, I guess it doesn't matter anymore."
A few seconds of silence passed before Toshimi interjected, "What are you 
working on in your sciencey stuff, Washu?"
"Oh, nothing much," Washu tilted her head with a sardonic look.
"No, tell us Washu," Kai added, "I would like to know more about the screams 
penetrating your pseudo-space wall."
"...wha?  I am collecting the supplies needed to generate metaphysiological 
matter and animate it to help know more about deity energies such as Ten..."
"What?" Tenchi blurted out, ejecting pieces of squid from his teeth.
"Oh, nothing."
A few more seconds of silence went by.  Washu looked angrily into the air.
"Oh," Mihoshi expostulated with utter disregard for what she was saying, "why 
did you leave Ryoko, Tenchi?  I mean did you two fight a lot?  Did you two spend 
enough time together?  Why won't you answer me?  Do you guys really love each 
other, I mean, if I didn't love someone, I wouldn't even hang around with them.  
Like, just the other day, I was walking down the road and saw this really cute 
guy, but it turned out that he was a real jerk, so I didn't go out with him.  
That, like, happens to me a lot.  All the cute guys end up being jerks.  Are you 
being mean to her, Tenchi?  Are you forcing her to do things she doesn't want 
t..."
"Mihoshi!!!" Kiyone exclaimed.
"Oh, sorry."
"I don't know why I left.  I just needed a little time to think," Tenchi 
explained not acknowledging Mihoshi's ramblings-on.
"Time to think?  Why, with a girl like Ryoko what's to think about." Kai 
remarked.
"Huh?  C'mon, I am not like that, Kai."
"Really..."
	Ryoko slid deeper into the crystalline waters of the onsen.  Soap bubbles 
floated above her chest and neck.  She smiled as she let out a sigh of relief.  
On a rock in the onsen, rested a plate of food from which she took bites from 
occasionally.
"If that Akira girl, hadn't shown up, I could've found out what Aeka was doing," 
Ryoko thought, "I have got to go back out and expose the truth about that guy.  
I know I have seen him from somewhere, but where I do not know."
A strange, unearthly force overpowers Ryoko's imagination.
"I see him standing in the water.  He is not real.  He is an image.  Drawn, not 
photographed, but it is not him.  It is another person that seems to have his 
feeling, his presence.  The presence of a man who has lost his dignity, lost his 
love.  The feeling is so strong, yet  I can't describe it due to its 
abstraction.  I don't know if this feeling is even true, but I can't deny it.  
It was when I was first conceived.  I feel it, but I am not me.  I am a child, 
looking into his eyes.  He is my father.  The woman who created me, my mother.  
It is another life.  I am seeing what he saw.  My mind, save me from this awful 
pain.  I can't control my mind's pain, yet my emotion compels it further.  I 
must see him again.  We are both merely channels of these beings.  If he feels 
the sensations that I feel, I am sure of my theory.  Washu, it is yours, isn't 
it.  I will give him to you."
Filled with odd feelings and emotions, Ryoko flew upward, heading through a hole 
in the ceiling.  An object fell from her shirt into the hotspring water below.
	"Dammit, I knew not to send my soldiers into the war system," Taolin 
shouted as he sorted through his papers, "If only I had sent better men on the 
job.  How could I have expected a few half-wit bimbos  to be able to carry out 
even the simplest of tasks."
Taolin rolled up a few papers into a ball and threw them into the trash.
"I wonder if Oakiaru is conscious, yet.  Maybe I can check his data box," Taolin 
pondered as he pressed a button on his console.
"Download may take anywhere from thirty minutes to seventeen hours," a message 
was displayed on his monitor.  Taolin yawned and gave a frustrated look.  The 
television flickered on to reveal an advertisement about how to improve your 
sex-drive.  Taolin averted his eyes toward the ceiling uncomfortably.
"Now, time for today's presentation of `Escape from Eus`," the television 
announcer  said quickly as Juraian letters flashed at the screen's bottom.
"As you saw in last episode, Kao Mikone gave his heart pendant to Sweet Sarybdis 
of Mako.  When Lesoka got back, however, Kao's brother, Fenn, had already left 
for Eus.  His travels were unknown to Kao.  Lesoka mourned for several days 
about her loss, but soon found love in a strange, but appealing, form...  
Without further ado, we bring you episode 8: `For Love, Justice, and Pain`."
A cityscape panned across the screen as it slowly zoomed toward one small dojo.  
The scene then changed to a view of the inside of this humble dojo.  A black-
haired boy thrust his soft-soled foot into a black mat.  The mat's supporter 
flew backward with great force as the boy kicked it.
"Good kick, Kao," the other boy said as he lifted himself from the floor.
"Thanks..." Kao replied.
"You sound a bit dismayed."
"Yes, ever since Fenn left."
"You and him were good friends."
"Yeah, we were brothers."
"Were?"
"He became lost in a sea of facts untrue.
"I don't follow."
"Sarybdis's lies were so horrible."
"He is your brother, though."
"He left to become bound with Sarybdis."
"What? Fenn has gone to Eus?"
"No, has he?"
"That is where Sarybdis is."
"But Sarybdis can only bring him further into the fire."
"I know, Kao, and worse yet is that the moon has passed Eus again."
"Fenn, my brother, is now stranded!"
"Yes, and with that demon, no less!"
"May the gods have mercy upon his soiled soul."
"Sarybdis is such a beautiful woman.  No man could resist her."
"Indeed..."
A girl entered the dojo.
"Hello, Kao, you are looking very well today," she said.
"Thank you.  Why do you compliment me so?"
"It is your devotion to your brother that shows me your empathy toward the 
world."
"You like me for that reason?"
"Yes, I love you."
"...oh my, but Fenn..."
"Forget of Fenn, I need you."
"Not here, not now, please."
	"I must find you a place to go to, Aeka," Frank said as he walked through 
the forest.  Aeka trailed closely behind him, dragging along on the back of his 
shirt.
"Stop!  I don't want to go back, please," Aeka pleaded while pulling backwards 
on his arm.
"Princess or not, you are returning to a place where your wounds may heal."
"I don't want to go back.  I feel like I belong somewhere else."
"Why?  You are Princess, your life is perfect."
"If only you could see the truth.  No one knows my pain."
"Pain?  Royalty has no pain.  You make up your pain from the things you take for 
granted."
"What do you mean?"
"You lose something that no one else has ever had, yet you mourn worse than if 
you had never had it."
"I cannot believe this, why can't you see what I am saying to you?"
"I know what it is like to grow up in the slums.  To never be loved, never be 
wanted.  You do not."
"I had that love that you seek.  If you had gained such love, such desire, would 
you be pleased?"
"Yes, greatly, why?"
"And what of losing it?"
"I... I... I see your point, Aeka.  However, that does not explain why you don't 
return to Jurai."
"I would have been forced to love against my will."
"And why Earth, of all places?  You choose the one that Jurai is feuding with."
"Tenchi is here.  I have gone so long without him."
"So you traveled directly to Earth?"
Aeka thought for a few seconds.
"I was not heading to Earth," she thought, "I was heading into space.  I was 
going to kill myself, wasn't I?  Oh, divine Forces, thank you for directing me 
onto this planet.  My fate would've been so..."
"Ah, Aeka!" Frank's voice interjected Aeka's thought.
Aeka returned from her deep thought.
"I think we have found your place."
They stood before the Masaki house.  Distorted figures could be recognized 
through the foggy, sliding-door window.
"Mmmmm, food is inside.  I can smell it from here!" Frank laughed.
Aeka turned around and saw Ryoko flying toward the location in which Aeka had 
been.
	"Splendid food, Yosho," Kai grinned.
"Yes, splendid, indeed, but nowhere near as good as Sasami's cooking," Washu 
said, "No offense."
"None taken, her food was excellent," Yosho remarked.
"Well, that was good, and now it is time that I relax." Kai announced as he 
arose from his mat.
"Y'know, that isn't such a bad idea," Toshimi climbed up as well.
"Ok, you two come back for dessert later," Nobuyuki called from the kitchen.  
Kai slowly walked into the undressing chamber, followed closely by Toshimi.  A 
stained lab coat slid from Kai's scrawny body. As his pants fell to the floor, 
he clutched a towel.  Toshimi waited for Kai to enter the pool area before 
removing his own clothing.  They both slipped gently into the warm water.  Kai 
lost his posture and submerged himself within the lake.
	"Oh, no, a ship is heading towards us," an effeminate, young voice shrilly 
called, "I hope it isn't Earth soldiers."
"Increase speed, Zero!" a male voice yelled.
"Try to evade them!" the cute, little girl's voice called to her ship
"Faster, smash into her, now."
"Oh, no!"
A glossy black ship smashed into the side of Sasami's ship.  Odd shaped pillars 
and chunks flew from the collision.  Jagged shapes jutted into and through the 
ships.  A few points pierced into the cockpit of Sasami's ship, but caused no 
damage to her.
"Doctor, I would like you to do it," a female, omnipotent-like voice boomed.
"But, Lady..." he replied.
"I want to hear no more of your voice.  Assimilate now, so we may guide her to 
Earth."
"Yes, of course."
With a blast of blinding energy, Sasami became overcome with numbness.  
Suddenly, her vision became black.  She felt, heard, saw, and sensed nothing.  
Her existence felt as if it had been taken away entirely.  Fire evolved around 
the conjoined ships as they entered Earth's atmosphere.  An unworldly voice then 
muttered, "Nothing is coincidence."
	"I'm tired of looking.  They probably went back towards the house," Ryoko 
thought as she stopped to hover above the woods, "If I leave now, I might get 
back in a half an hour."
A sparkle of light glistened above the world, high in the sky.
"It is an object.  Falling down to the Earth!  Holy shit!" Ryoko screamed, "I 
gotta move fast!  Come Ryo-ohki.."
Immediately, the onsen began quivering.  Kai's light brown eyes opened beneath 
the surface of the water.  He was puzzled at what was happening and arose from 
the water.  Toshimi reached around for his towel and seized it before leaping 
out.  Fine, meshed bubbles turned the water a solid white.  An absurd 
combination of Bohemian moans expelled from Kai and Toshimi's throats.  Plates 
and dishes fell from their positions on shelves in the kitchen.  Nobuyuki 
freakishly dropped a blueberry pie onto the floor with a loud smash.  Its purple 
filling covered the tile floor.  Washu, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tenchi nervously 
walked toward the origin of these rumblings.  Yosho remained calm.
"We have got to get into the house!" Frank yelled, "This must be the Juraian 
police's ships coming!"
"I guess we have no other choice," Aeka said, looking up at the Juraian ship in 
the sky.
She did not know that it was Tsunami.  Washu, Tenchi, Kiyone, Mihoshi, Kai, and 
Toshimi looked into the water of the onsen.  All the rumbling stopped.  Aeka and 
Frank ran into the onsen.  No one was surprised by their arrival, they were too 
much in shock by the amazing clutter of events.  Suddenly, almost ironically, 
the silence ended with long, black, lustrous spikes jutting up from the water.  
Splashes flew in every direction.  Dust, rock, and glass blasted toward them 
from every angle.  The long spikes pivoted around a central glass chamber 
several times before the large object exited through the ceiling, emoting a 
characteristically incongruous "meow".
"Well, that was weird," Mihoshi said quietly, wide-eyed.
"Oh no!  Too late!" Ryoko shouted while she watched the gleam of light fall 
closer to Earth.  Nobuyuki ran into the onsen.
"Man!  What the heck happened!  Another scare like that'll put me in intensive 
care!" he cried, exhausted.
"Download confirmation, sir," a console read back on the Juraian police vessel.  
The two ships sped further down toward the house.
"Well, put me in live chat," said Taolin.
"Right away, sir."
It flashed through Washu's mind that she had to save her experiments.  She had 
so much trouble completing them so far.  Another delay would drive her little, 
pink-haired head into insanity.  She quickly ran out of the onsen into the 
living room.
"Washu, wait!" called Tenchi, chasing after her.
"Tenchi, don't!" Kiyone yelled, running after him to restrain him.
"The E-M field is too great for Ryo-ohki's controls.  She can't move," Ryoko 
yelled as she closed in on the house.
"Kiyone, watch out!" Mihoshi ran after her.
"Wait, Mihoshi!" Toshimi yelled.  Kai, Aeka, Frank, and Toshimi ran back out 
into the living room to see what was going on.
"Live chat connected," the monitor displayed at Juraian police HQ.
"Good!" Taolin said, optimistically.  Ryoko flew into the house through the hole 
in the onsen.
"Akira, we must get out of here!" Washu yelled to Akira in her lab.
"Don't hurt me!" she yelled back.
"No, I won't, let's go!  We don't want to be sealed in here."
Ryoko flew down next to the perfectly-calm Yosho.
"What is going on?!" Ryoko shouted.
"I don't know!  I don't wanna die!" Tenchi said praying deeply and sorrowfully.
"Hello, Taolin, Oakiaru reporting via subspace..." a voice on Taolin's console 
mumbled.
"Cut the crap, where is Aeka?" Taolin yelled.
"C'mon, if we are both stuck in here, I can't help but do more experiments on 
you.  I didn't mean to hurt you, know let's go!" Washu yelled.  Akira rose from 
her seat in the corner of the lab and ran toward the door.  They both walked 
through Oakiaru and to the door of his ship.  Frank, seeing Washu's face, shut 
the door on her and held it in its place.
"What are you doing?" Washu yelled.
"My brother's son lives to this day, I know where he is," Frank screamed 
maniacally.  Ryoko somehow understood what he said.  She ran over and tried to 
stop him, but was merely pushed away viciously.
"Do not kill Mother, you never loved her as much as your brother!" Ryoko yelled.
"She will see him, today, as will I, when we die."
"How do you know that you will die?" Tenchi stuttered.
"Because the ship will crash upon us and not you, it is destined."
"Destined?" Mihoshi was confused as usual.
"Yes, everything is decided by destiny."
"Well, Taolin, Princess Aeka is..." the signal from Oakiaru started to blur.
"Where?!?!  Dammit, where?" Taolin yelled.
"The Princess Aeka is at..."
"This is gonna suck," Toshimi said.
A maelstrom of flying bits and pieces of stone filled the room.  During the 
split second that the two vessels collided with the house, long pillars plowed 
through the ship.  Smoke and dust blasted in every direction, filling every 
facet of the main room.  Yosho tried to drink his tea peacefully throughout the 
eight seconds of utter chaos.  The cat form of Ryo-ohki blasted back onto 
Tenchi's face.  Oakiaru was smashed totally by the impact of the ship.  Frank's 
lifeless corpse vanished completely in the debris.  Washu and Akira remained 
unseen as large stones and other objects tumbled to the ground.  Oakiaru went 
silent on Taolin's console.
"Aeka is where?" Taolin sobbed relentlessly, "Tell me, please."
"Oakiaru has fallen back into a coma," the monitor read.
"*Dammit*," Taolin screamed.  The members of the house sat in awe-filled silence 
as a few remaining boulders crashed down onto the floor.  Gas blasted out of a 
solid glossy wall, releasing the pressure of the newly-fallen crafts.  A figure 
stood in a cloud of mist before the group of people.  The fog cleared to reveal 
the sweet, freckled, lovable, well-known face of Sasami.  The Masaki resident's 
eyes widened.  Sasami gave a cute wave with her fingers wiggling up and down.  
Tenchi's face quavered with amazement.  Yosho smiled and returned the wave, with 
an odd feeling about the entire situation.  Everyone, but Yosho, fell backwards 
onto the floor.  In this position, Tenchi, still shocked, clapped twice.


(What happens to the Tenchi crew?  Find out in the next installment of this 
series.  Keep addicted and I will reveal some secrets about Washu's life, bring 
about a few characters such as Achika, and read you a sonnet or two.  Well, 
maybe not the latter, but definitely the first two.  I'd like your input, so e-
mail me at frogboy@tokyo-3.com)

(Disclaimer:  All characters from the Tenchi Muyo series and movies are 
copyrighted to their respective companies, if not Pioneer(tm) than whomever they 
belong to.  My story's plot, new characters, etc. that are new and/or different 
than usual belong to me, David Boutwell.  It would be unlawful and pretty mean 
if you were to steal any of this story and claim it as your own.  I would like 
to hear the comments of anyone reading this story.  I probably won't make more 
until I find my potential readers.  I would also like your input on how to make 
the next episodes of the series.  I hope you enjoyed it.  If you think it 
sucked, then yell at me via my e-mail address, frogboy@tokyo-3.com.  Be prepared 
for many continuations of this series.  Thank you for taking time to read this.)
