HLOK
hlok@hotmail.com
TENCHI MUYO IN LIFE Part IV


Tenchi's father, Nobyuki returns and meet Henrii.  A huge food fight happens 
and is Washu has a thing with Henrii.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DISCALMER:  I do not own all the characters like Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, 
Washu, and so on in this fanfic, or anything that is own by AIC and Pioneer. 
  Well except for Commander Henrii Lok.  I do not want a lawsuit because I 
just can’t afford to pay that much money. If you want to use Commander 
Henrii Lok please ask me first.

NO NEED FOR NOBYUKI
Tenchi went downstairs carrying his bed sheets and Ryoko and Ayeka followed 
Tenchi downstairs too.
“I’m sorry Tenchi!  Would you please forgive me?” said Ryoko.
“He would never forgive you for what you have said that scared Lord Tenchi!” 
said Ayeka.
“I forgive you Ryoko but don’t do it again.  I’m too young to get a heart 
attack,” said Tenchi.
“Grrrrrrrrrrr!” said Ayeka.  Ryoko stick out her tongue at her.  The front 
door opened and Nobyuki and said
“I’m home Tenchi and Tenchi’s girlfriends!” Said Nobyuki with a big smile.
“Hi dad, did you finished your project?” said Tenchi.
“Yes and I even got a promotion!” said Nobyuki
“That’s great dad,” said Tenchi leaving the house with his bed sheets and 
Ayeka and Ryoko followed him.
“Huh, where are they going?” said Nobyuki.  Nobyuki heard a whistling and 
turned his head and said.
“Is that you Sasami?”  said Nobyuki.  He was shock to see a semi-tan man, a 
bit bigger than his son, and wearing a towel around his waist.
“No I’m not Sasami, have you seen Washu?” said Henrii.
“Ahh who are you!” said Nobyuki.
“Ahh who are you!” said Henrii holding his towel.
“I’m Nobyuki, Tenchi’s father, who are you?”
“Really, well I’m Commander Lok of the Elite Forces of GP but call me 
Henrii,” said Henrii moving closer to Nobyuki.
“Are you staying here or something?” asked Nobyuki.
“Yes I am,” said Henrii
“Well Tenchi is going to get some competition from you,” said Nobyuki ready 
to shake Henrii’s hand.
“Yeah,” said Henrii holding his towel with his left and shook Nobyuki with 
his right.
“Are you Tenchi’s friend?” said Nobyuki.
“Yes, umm well I need to go here,” said Henrii pointing to the lab.
“Oh ok, bye then see you later,” said Nobyuki.
“Yeah bye,” said Henrii entering the lab.
“What a weird boy,” said Nobyuki as he went to the stairs.
In the lab Washu was waiting for Henrii to open the door.  She heard her 
door chime and grab Henrii’s watch.  Henrii entered the lab and said.
“Hey Washu where is my watch?” said Henrii.
“Oh hi Henrii!” said Washu smiling.
“Hi, where is my watch?” said Henrii again.
“It right here Henrii,” said Washu in a sexy voice holding it in the air.
“Thanks Washu,” said Henrii as he reached for his watch and holding his 
towel.  Washu dropped the watch down her shirt.
“Oh silly me, looks like you have to get it,” smiled Washu.
“Fine, I will get it,” said Henrii as he cracked his knuckles as he moved 
closer to Washu.  Washu raised her chest higher and watched Henrii move 
closer.  Henrii stop and placed his finger on his head.  The watch flew out 
of Washu’s shirt and back onto his wrist.
“Thanks Washu,” said Henrii with a smile as he got back into some clothes.
“Yeah,” said Washu as she returns back to work.  Henrii exited the lab and 
Washu gave a sigh.  Henrii came back into the lab.  Washu turn around and 
said,
“You are back Henrii!” said Washu.
“Yeah, I need to ask you something.”
“Yes,” said Washu with her hands together.
“Boy aren’t you anxious to eat lunch,” said Henrii scratching his head.  
Washu dropped her hands and sighed,
“Sasami finished making lunch or something?” said Washu.
“Yep, she wants me to get you while she get Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko,” said 
Henrii smiling.
“Ok, I’m hungry.”
“Lets go,” said Henrii as he exited the lab.
Everybody was at the table before Washu and Henrii got there.  Yosho was at 
the head of the table, Tenchi sat between Ayeka and Ryoko, Mihoshi sat by 
Ayeka, Nobyuki sat at the end of the table, and Henrii sat between Sasami 
and Washu.
“Hey Tenchi,” said Nobyuki.
“Yes dad,” said Tenchi
“Don’t let Henrii, right?” said Nobyuki.
“Yes its Henrii,” said Henrii.
“Don’t let Henrii take any of your girlfriends, ok Tenchi,” said Nobyuki
“Dad!” cried out Tenchi.
“Don’t worry Mr. Masaki, the Commander is not my taste,” said Ayeka.
“Yeah same here whatever the purple witch said,” said Ryoko filling her 
mouth with rice.
“Witch!  How dear you make fun of the Princess of Juri like that!” said 
Ayeka.  Everybody face faulted.  Washu moved closer to Henrii.  Henrii 
looked at Washu and she smiled at him and he smiled back at her.  Washu 
scooted even closer to Henrii till her waist was touching his wasit.  Henrii 
moved closer to Sasami and Washu moved closer to Henrii.  They kept on doing 
this till Sasami had no space left.
“Umm Henrii and Washu, I’m running out of space would you guys move over 
there because there is plenty of space over there,” said Sasami
“Ok Sasami,” said Washu and Henrii.
“Boy I’m full can I leave to do some work,” said Tenchi
“Where are you going Tenchi?” said Nobyuki.
“I’m going outside so I can wash my bed sheets, ok dad?” said Tenchi as he 
out up and leave.
“May I leave Mr. Masaki,” said Ayeka.
“Yeah sure,” said Nobyuki.  Ayeka left the dinning room and followed Tenchi.
“Yeah same here ::burp:: bye,” said Ryoko as she teleported out of the 
house.
“I’m full, see you later other Tenchi’s girlfriends and Henrii,” said 
Nobyuki as he got up and left the dinning room.
“What time is it right now Henrii?” said Mihoshi.
“Well its 3:30 your favorite TV is on,” said Henrii
“Thanks Henrii bye bye,” said Mihoshi as she hurried to the living room.
“Henrii would you like to go to the shine with me,” said Yosho as he got up.
“Yeah I would like to with you,” said Henrii.  Henrii tried to get up but he 
got back down.  He tried to get back up but he went back down.  Henrii 
looked down and saw Washu’s hand on his leg.
“Umm Little Washu would you let go of my leg?” said Henrii
“Oh yeah sorry Henrii,” said Washu looking at him.  Henrii got up and left 
with Yosho.
“Hey Washu do you mind if you help me clean the dishes?” said Sasami.
“Sure why not,” as Washu got up and started to pickup the dishes.  A fat 
Ryo-Ohki came into the dinning room.
“Miya!” said Ryo-Ohki.
“Hehehe oh Ryo-Ohki look at you need to go into a carrot diet,” laugh 
Sasami.
“Miya miya miya miya!” said Ryo-Ohki.
“Come on Ryo-Ohki,” said Sasami as she pickup Ryo-Ohki.
“Ryo-Ohki you do need a diet,” said Washu.
“Miya,” said Ryo-Ohki and the girls laugh together.

NO NEED FOR HOLES
Out on the field Tenchi was washing his bed sheets.  Ryoko and Ayeka thought 
to themselves.  You know what thought Ayeka if I help Tenchi which his bed 
sheet he would think that I’m a better wife than that noisome demon.  Look 
at Tenchi work on that blanket thought Ryoko.  I can watch him do this all 
day hehehehe.  Oh he got himself wet.  Look at all his muscles, much more 
than Henrii.
“Just great! I’m all wet!” said Tenchi looking down at shirt.
“Oh let me help you Lord Tenchi,” said Ayeka rushing to him as Ryoko stood 
there in a daze.
“Thanks Ayeka,” said Tenchi.  Ayeka blushed at that comment.  Ryoko woke up 
from her daze and saw Ayeka helping Tenchi and both of them were laughing.  
Ryoko ran and pushed Ayeka away and said.
“Tenchi let me help you there,” said Ryoko as she took the bed sheets and 
started to clean it.
“Hey!” said Ayeka as she got up and took the other end of the bed sheet and 
started to clean it.  With every stare they made they scrub it harder and 
harder.
“All done Tenchi!” both of the girls said.
“Wow thanks,” said Tenchi.
“Thanks!” said the girls as they place the bed sheet on the hanger to dry.
“What the hell happened?” said Tenchi as he saw holes all over his bed 
sheets.
“Well look at that Tenchi, holes,” said Ryoko.
“Look what you did Ryoko, you destroyed Tenchi’s bed sheets!” said Ayeka.
“What!  Look at your side even bigger holes!” said Ryoko.  Tenchi quietly 
left the girls and let them argue about it.  Man Tenchi thought now I have 
to go the mall to get new bed sheets.  At the shine Henrii and Yosho was 
fighting.
“This time Yosho I will get you,” said Henrii as he got into his stance.
“Ok lets begin!” said Yosho as he attacked Henrii.  Back in the house Tenchi 
was watching TV with Mihoshi, Sasami, Nobyuki, and Washu.
“Oh I love this so much!” said Mihoshi.
“Oh really Mihoshi?” said Washu.
“Yeah at the end they kiss and marry and have kids like a lot!” said 
Mihoshi.
“Great Mihoshi you just have to blow the ending,” said Washu.
“Well I’m going to the Osen,” said Tenchi getting up and leaving.
“I’m going to play with Ryo-Ohki,” said Sasami as she pick-up Ryo-Ohki.
“Miya miya,” said Ryo-Ohki.
“Well I better go to my lab to work on something,” said Washu as she left 
the living room to her lab.
“I will stay with you Mihoshi,” said Nobyuki with a grin.
“Thanks Mr. Masaki,” said Mihoshi .
At 8:30 Sasami was cooking dinner.  Ayeka and Ryoko had return from there 
fighting and started to bother Tenchi.  Mihoshi and Nobyuki was watching TV 
and Washu was in her lab.
“Odd where is Henrii, Ryo-Ohki” said Sasami.
“Miya?” said Ryo-Ohki watching Sasami.

NO NEED FOR FOOD FIGHT
The door open and Henrii came into the house.  Henrii looked very tired and 
in pain.
“Hey Henrii,” said Tenchi as he try to free himself from Ayeka and Ryoko.
“Hey there,” said Henrii
“You look tired Commander did you fight again with Yosho?” said Ayeka.
“Yeah and I lost again,” said Henrii as he sat on the couch.
“Hi Henrii how are you tonight!” said Mihoshi.
“Tired and hungry,” said Henrii.  Yosho entered the house.
“Dinner is ready!” said Sasami.
“Miya miya!” said Ryo-Ohki.  Everybody entered the dinning room.
“Where is Washu?” said Yosho.
“She in her lab someone go get her,” said Ryoko stuffing her mouth with 
food.
“Ok fine I would get her,” said Henrii as he got up and left for the lab.  
Henrii opened Washu’s lab door and took a peek inside.  Washu turned around 
and saw Henrii and ran up to him to give him a bear hug.
“Oh Henrii did you came here to help me,” said Washu hugging him.
“No…:cough: dinner is read..y little Wash..u,” said Henrii with no air in 
his lungs.
“Oh ok would you carry me there because my legs are very tired from an 
experiment, please Henrii, please?” said Washu with her big green eyes 
glowing.
“Fine fine fine, ok I would carry you, even though my legs hurt and my back 
too,” said Henrii as he picked up Washu and carried to the door.
“Oh wait Henrii I need to close my computer down first,” said Washu.  Henrii 
brought her to her computer and Washu closed the computer.
“Ok are you sure there isn’t anything else?” asked Henrii.
“Yep lets go and eat dinner,” said Washu with a smile.  Henrii opened the 
door and walked out with Washu in his arms.  Before they entered the dinning 
room Henrii dropped Washu down.
“Ok Washu I assume that you can go the rest of the way,” said Henrii.
“Yeah sure,” said Washu.  Both of them entered the dinning room and sat 
down.
“You shut up you monster you will never get Lord Tenchi!” cried out Ayeka.
“Oh yeah!” said Ryoko as she pickup a hand full of face and threw it at 
Ayeka.
“Grrrrrrrr you would regret that you beast!” said Ayeka and pickup up a hand 
full of rice and threw it at Ryoko.  Instead of hitting Ryoko she hit 
Tenchi.
“Oh Lord Tenchi! I’m so sorry,” said Ayeka.
“Ah ha ha ha ha!” laugh Henrii.  Tenchi pickup up a plate of fish and threw 
it at Henrii.  The fish hit Henrii in the face and it slowly came off from 
Henrii’s face.  Henrii pickup the fish and fling it back to Tenchi.
“Its good Tenchi have some!” said Henrii.  Tenchi quickly duck and the fish 
hit Nobyuki who was behind Tenchi.
“Hey!” said Nobyuki as he picked up some soup and tried to throw it at 
Henrii.  It missed and hit Washu.
“Ah ha ha ha!” said Henrii as Washu quietly pickup hot tea from Yosho’s side 
and slowly poured the hot tea down Henrii’s pants and smiled.  Henrii’s eyes 
opened wide and was twiching from the heat of the tea.
“Ouch,” said Henrii quickly took Ryoko sake and poured it over Washu.
“Grrrrrrr,” said Washu as she grab her rice and tried to smack it at Henrii. 
  Henrii quickly duck and hit Sasami in her face.
“Hey!” said Sasami wiping the rice off her face.
“Hehehehehe,” said Ayeka.  Sasami got the vegatable plate and toss the 
vegatables to Ayeka.  All the vegatables fell right onto Ayeka’s lap.
“Ah ha ha ha you are so lame Ayeka!” laughed Ryoko.
“Oh you!” said Ayeka with a plate of sashimi and threw it towards Ryoko.  
Ryoko teleported and the sashimi hit Mihoshi.  Mihoshi got up and said.
“FOOD FIGHT!” and everybody except Yosho stood up and started to throw food 
at each other.  Yosho ate his dinner and watch the fight.  When the fight 
was over everyone was dirty and covered with food.  Yosho got up and said.
“You guys better clean this up or its going to be hard to get rid of all 
this food on the floor and walls,” and left for the shine.  Everybody sighed 
and started to clean up.  After they clean the dinning room spotless they 
all went to the Osen to clean up.  Tenchi, Nobyuki, and Henrii was in the 
men side cleaning themselves up.
“Man my hair is filled with rice,” said Henrii as he dunk his hair with warm 
water with a bucket.
“Same here,” said Nobyuki.
“That was fun but it was a pain to clean up the place,” said Tenchi.
“Yeah,” said both of them.  In the ladies side the girls were washing their 
hair and body.
“Let me help you little sister,” said Ayeka as she help Sasami wash her 
naked back.
“Thanks Ayeka,” said Sasami.
“Ouch ouch ouch! That hurts Washu!” said Ryoko as Washu pulling rice out of 
her hair.
“Please Ryoko call me mom for once,” said Washu.
“Ok mom, you are hurting my beautiful hair!” said Ryoko.
“Tell me something Ryoko, like mother and daughter,” said Washu 
telepathically.
“What is it,” said Ryoko to Washu telepathically.
“Can you tell me how you try to get Tenchi to love you?”
“What! I will never let you take my Tenchi away from me!”
“No, no I’m not going for Tenchi but for someone else.”
“Its Nobyuki! You actucally like that pervert!”
“No its not Nobyuki!”
“Its Yosho right!”  said Ryoko and Washu’s face faulted.
“Don’t be stupid he is about Tenchi’s age, he lives with us.”
“You like Henrii? But does he like you?”
“I don’t know that’s why I asked you to tell me what you do when Tenchi is 
around.”
“Oh ok, I always wake him up early so I’m the first person he see everyday.”
“Keep going,” said Washu.  Washu listen to every word that Ryoko said to 
her.
“Oh and the last thing if you want Henrii to fall in love with you is that 
you should become the same age as him, I don’t think he likes going with 
girls that looks way too young for him.”
“Ok thanks Ryoko,” said Washu as she got up and left the Osen.  Ryoko took a 
sip of her sake and continue to relax longer.  She looked around and saw no 
one in sight.  I better get out before I look like Yosho with his wrinkly 
skin.  Ryoko exited the Osen and found that everybody was gone and the 
nights were out.  Well I’m tired thought Ryoko I better go to sleep as she 
fell onto the couch and slept.

End of Part IV
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Any comments or questions please e-mail me to hlok@hotmail.com
There are more to come!