Hi everybody!This is my first fic, and it probably sucks, but please 
have mercy on me!
This first fic is all fun and games, I tried to capture the almost 
playful spirit of the show, but I'm afraid I went just a tid bit 
overboard. I may write a more serious fic in the future(though this is 
highly doubted) and you can expect a slightly serious lemon sequel to 
this one(for all  of you that can read that stuff) to show what happens 
after and how everyone ends up.
Tenchi Muyo(Tenchi in Tokyo, Tenchi Universe, Pretty Sammy, etc.) and 
all characters in this story belong to PIONEER, not me,except for 
Tenshu, Ayechi, and Ryochi, so you lawyer people have mercy too, and 
don't sue me! 
Written by Alia with thanks to Nekomi-chan.
E-mail me at kittykat_716@hotmail.com 
  
Tenchi's Revenge
Part1                                                              
        It was a typical morning at the Masaki home. Tenchi had just 
awoken from a less-than-sound sleep, since Ryoko and Ayeka had been 
fighting long into the night. As a result, half of the house was 
destroyed, and Tenchi had, as usual, been given the task of fixing 
it(like I said, a typical morning!). At least there was always Sasami's 
wonderful breakfasts to look forward to
        As usual, the first thing Tenchi saw when he opened his eyes was 
the face of Ryoko, and the first thing he heard was Ayeka shouting "You 
leave Lord Tenchi alone, you she-demon!"
        "Augh!" said Tenchi to the demon girl with cyan colored hair 
only millimeters away from his nose. "Ryoko! Please, give me some 
space!"
        "Hello Tenchi dear! Good morning! Now why don't you get back in 
bed and I'll join you?" She quickly stradled Tenchi's lap.
        Suddenly the door burst open. "Ryoko!" shouted Ayeka, little 
logs popping into existence all around her. "Stop your molestation of 
Lord Tenchi right this minute!"
       "Ayeka!"said Ryoko, "Stop intterupting! Tenchi and I were just 
playing some grown-up games. Now go on, shoo, shoo."
       "Fool!"shrieked the violet-haired Ayeka, "Tenchi would never want 
you!"an energy blast put a hole through through the wall right behind 
Tenchi. Ryo-oki looked in the now extremely enlarged window with a 
"Merow?" of puzzlement.
       As a classic Ayeka-Ryoko morning battle started, Tenchi ran 
downstairs in just enough time to escape unscathed. Thankfully, Ryoko 
jumped through the hole in the wall, there by saving the house from 
further destruction by taking the fight outside, but already three foot 
deep holes were being produced, which Tenchi would probably have to fill 
later, not to mention the burnt patches of grass which would have to be 
reseeded for the third time that week!
       Tenchi let out a sigh and made his way down to the kitchen, 
resigning himself to clean everything up after breakfast.
       Halfway down the stairs, Washu appeared in front of him. "Hi 
Tenchi!" she said.
       "Little Washu!"said a startled Tenchi to the red-headed 
scientist.
       "Hey Tenchi, some.........uh.....mutated food got loose from the 
lab and wrecked the stables, and the living room, so can you fix it? 
Thanks! Now, what do you say we go downstairs and continue a few 
experiments? I need some sperm samples......"
       "No Washu! leave me alone!"
       "Oh come on Tenchi! I assure you I only want it for scientific 
purposes! After all, I am a scientific genius."
       Thankfully at this point the Washu Bots appeared and started 
shouting Washu's praises (Bot A- "Washu you are a genius! So smart! How 
lucky I am that you are my creator!" Bot B- "Washu you are the greatest 
in the world!") so Tenchi was able to get away.
       Finally he reached his destination, the kitchen (bom bom BOM). 
Teal-haired galaxy police woman Kiyone was dragging a whining ("But 
Kiyone!") Mihoshi, who defined the very meaning of the word blonde, out 
the door to their ship. Apparently some galactic criminal was in the 
area. Nobuyki and Kashuito were sitting at the table.
       "Sasami!"called Tenchi. The blue-pigtailed nine year old skipped 
into the room with Ryo-oki on her shoulders.
       "Hi Tenchi! What's up?" she said sweetly.
       "Mreow!" said Ryo-oki.
       "Oh, the usual, Sasami. What's for breakfast?" asked Tenchi.
       "Oh Tenchi! There isn't anything!" said Sasami, begining to cry.
       "What? No way!"said Tenchi, his eyes starting to unfocus.
       "I'm afraid it's true, Tenchi. Ayeka and Ryoko ate most of the 
food last night after their long battle, and the rest........ well, 
Washu used that for an experiment, and it went haywire and destroyed the 
stables and the living room." said Kashuito solemnly. Nobuyki started 
weeping.
       "I'll get those girls for this!" said Tenchi angrily. "They've 
gone too far this time!" 
       Then he went out to undertake in the hard task of rebuilding 
almost the entire house (and yard, and stables) on an empty stomach.  
----------*****----------
      The next morning Tenchi yawned and stretched, and slowly blinked 
open his eyes to see the blurry shape of a levitating female come into 
focus. He narrowly escaped Ryoko's imminent caress,  as he hopped out of 
bed and ran to the bathroom. He was counting on Ayeka to keep Ryoko from 
following him any further.
     Sure enough, no sooner had he begun decreasing the pressure on his 
bladder when Ayeka burst into his bedroom. From the cries of outrage and 
the crashes and bangs, Tenchi knew he would have to replace his bedroom 
door and maybe even his bed. 
     "Damn those two!" he muttered darkly, pulling on a shirt.He quickly 
vacated the premises, hoping neither of the feuding females would 
discover his desperate attempt at escape. "I no longer like this 
arrangement of THEM destroying and ME fixing everything up! We'll just 
see about this.
     He hurriedly ran downstairs and scarfed down the fine meal ala 
Sasami.
     As he ran out the door to go to school he passed by Ayeka in the 
garden. Quickly, as he rushed past, he reached out his hand and plucked 
a single hair from her purple head.
     "Ouch!" said Ayeka, looking around, "What was that?"
----------*****----------
     After school that evening, Tenchi popped a library biology tape in 
the VCR and loudly proclaimed that "Wow! DNA structures are soooo 
interesting!" Washu quickly scurried up from her secret sub-space 
laboratory and plopped herself in front of the TV.
     "Well, Washu!" said Tenchi with a very visibly fake facade of 
surprise."I never thought that a scientific genius like you would be 
interested in anything so mundane and everyday as DNA structures."
     "I enjoy laughing at the stupidity of Earth science, Tenchi dear. 
The idea that I know more about humans than they do about themselves is 
greatly amusing. After all, I am the leading genius in the universe!"
     This statement, of course, brought the Washu bots out of the lab 
and onto Washu's shoulders, shouting "Washu, you are so much smarter 
than a mere earthling!" and "Yes Washu, you are the smartest scientist 
ever!" 
     "I am, aren't I?" said Washu smugly.
     And just as Tenchi had planned (bad, bad boy!) The Washu bots 
remained upstairs to help ridicule  how little the idiotic humans really 
knew about themselves. While they were all distracted Tenchi walked on 
tiptoes(Why in anime does tiptoing always make a little bell noise?) 
backwards through the portal into the lab. There he promptly switched 
off Mecha Washu before she began her nightly rounds and began his 
search..
     After what seemed like hours of searching through all of Washu's 
scientific gadgets, Tenchi finally found what he was looking for. The 
Clone Machine! (Star Wars music in the background.) Now all he had to do 
was figure out the password, and his plan would be set into motion.
     "Okay, here we go! This should be pretty easy. It's either Mass, 
Genius, Ryo-oki, Ryoko, or I love Tenchi."(getting a little uppity 
aren't we now?)
     After a half-hour of typing (What Washu was watching was one of 
those lecture tapes that lasts around three to four hours) and going 
through numerous passwords such as Kagato, Kiyone, Ayeka, and Sasami, 
the machine finally hummed to life on the phrase "Mihoshi Do Not Touch!"
     Tenchi plucked out a hair and put it in the tube marked "Mihoshi, 
no touching! Washu, place DNA of person to be cloned here." He also 
placed, in the same tube, the single hair he had plucked from Ayeka's 
head. Then he laughed maniacly as lights began to flash and the machine 
started to hum.

----------*****----------                           
   The next day Ryoko couldn't find Tenchi anywhere, so, after making 
sure Ayeka was there and not off somewhere trying to steal some time 
with Tenchi, she sat down to eat, watching Ayeka warily out of the 
corner of her eye. Ayeka was watching Ryoko, too, since she could have 
Tenchi tied up somewhere within flying distance.
     Pretty soon the two girls were staring at each other so intently 
that the house would be free of violence at least until Tenchi 
reapeared, for neither of them were about to move and chance the other 
sneaking off towards wherever Tenchi was.
                        
----------*****----------
     Tenchi sat grinning maniacly in the old cave where Ryoko had been 
imprisoned. Before him sat a little carry case box he had "borrowed" 
from Washu's lab, and in his hands he held three little boxes of a 
substance called "Insta-Clone". On the box in front of him was written 
"3-5 hours wait." He opened the high tech metal carry case to reveal 
three vials. Two were empty, but one was filled with a dark purple opage 
liquid. He carefully put the Insta-Clone packages in his pockets, 
chuckling madly. Then he picked up his precious cargo and headed back to 
the house.
 
----------*****----------
     "Lord Tenchi!" squealed Ayeka when she saw him, "There you are!"she 
ran up and threw her arms around him in a bone-crunching hug. Tenchi 
made an "Oohf!" noise. Then her eyes narrowed. "I know where you were! 
It was her wasn't it." she said, pointing inside where Ryoko was. "She 
tied you up and left you somewhere so she could be alone with you when I 
fall asleep! Didn't she!"
     "Well, n....."said Tenchi, when Ayeka pressed a hand to his lips. 
     "Don't speak, my love." she said sweetly. "I will avenge you, you 
don't have to ask." Ayeka quickly produced a force field of little logs 
and ran towards the house.
     "Ayeka, no!"screamed Tenchi, when a large object pummeled into him, 
knocking him to the ground.
     "Oh Tenchi my darling!" cried Ryoko. "Where have you been all this 
time? You've made Ryoko soooo worried! I'm so glad you're back!" and 
Tenchi recieved yet another bone crushing hug, during which Ryoko 
suspiciously lost a hair.
     Laying on top of him, Ryoko smiled devilishly. "Don't you think you 
should make it up to me?"
     "Ryoko, come on!" said an exasperated Tenchi, pushing her off and 
rising to his feet. Grumbling something that sounded like "Girls, 
sheesh, what is wrong with the female sex......" he brushed himself off.
     "Die, villian!" screamed Ayeka with a blast of energy barely 
missing Tenchi's head.
     "What's this?"said Ryoko demurely as the blast phased right through 
her. "An attack? This late in the day?" she sighed. "Well, I was just 
about to go inside and take a nap, but if you insist." she slowly 
produced a ball of orange energy in her hands.
     "Stop it you two!" yelled Tenchi. "Ayeka didn't do anything to me, 
and Ryoko didn't do anything to me! Maybe if both of you really LOVED me 
so much you would let me have a say in all this fighting bullshit! Don't 
you dare destroy the house again! Sometimes I wish the two of you were 
very, very far away from me." With an angry sigh he walked over to where 
his metal box had been thrown by Ryoko landing on him."And you two 
almost broke this! It's very important to me." The girls reacted with 
stunned silence."I'm going inside now. Good day."
     After he walked inside, Ryoko turned to Ayeka. "This is all your 
fault!" she said.
     "My fault? It's your fault!"
     "No way! Your fault."
     "I don't think so, Miss 'Let's all go jump on Tenchi and throw his 
prized little box across the yard!"
     "Well, what about you, Miss 'Let's all go insane for absolutely no 
reason and try to kill Tenchi with an energy blast!"
     Then they broke down and cried.

----------*****----------
     When Tenchi walked straight from the door to his room, Sasami 
turned to Ryo-oki and said "Ryo-oki, I wonder what's up with Tenchi? He 
didn't even say hello to me today, and he wasn't here this morning. He 
usually doesn't leave for school that early."
     "Hi Tenchi!" said a kawaii voice from the hallway.
     "Wa..Wa..Washu!" said Tenchi, shoving the test tubes behind his 
back.
     "Oh Tenchi!" said Little Washu, snuggling up to Tenchi's chest. "I 
missed you sooooooo much today, because I was so scared, and you weren't 
here to protect me!"
     Tenchi doubted very much that the number one genius in the universe 
needed protection, and he would have pushed her off of him, but his 
hands were holding the box behind his back. "Wha.... Why were you 
scared, Little Washu?"
     "Oh Tenchi!" she said, burying her face in his shirt. "Someone 
broke into my lab, and stole something from me!"
     "They...They did?"
     "Yes. My cloning device was also on, but Mihoshi could have done 
that. But I don't think Mihoshi would have stolen vials and a vial 
chiller." She looked up at him with narrowed eyes. "You wouldn't happen 
to know anything about that, would you?"
     Tenchi shook his head nervously.
     "Washu! Are you around? I could use some help in the kitchen!" 
called Sasami, thereby saving Tenchi's butt.
     Washu sighed. "I'm coming Sasami!" she yelled. Then she turned back 
to Tenchi."I'm so sorry we couldn't spend more time together. Anytime 
you want to......uh......help me with some experiments, just come on 
into the lab. Literally." (Um...Does that qualify as lemon content? Oh 
well.) Then she was gone.
     Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief. And smiled widely when, 
unexpectedly, he saw a strand of red hair clinging to his jacket. Then 
he ran up the stairs to hide his experiment in a safe, woman-free place.

----------*****----------
     A few minutes later, Tenchi tiptoed downstairs. *Washu is cooking.* 
he thought. *That should give me a little time.* He slowly crept towards 
the closet door.........
     "Hiyas Tenchi!" said a bubbly voice behind him. Tenchi sighed and 
turned to see Mihoshi squintingly smiling at him. Kiyone, in the middle 
of tasting the dinner soup, stared at a half-crouched Tenchi along with 
Washu and Sasami. Thinking fast, Tenchi quickly straightened himself and 
embarrassedly rubbed his head. "I uh.....I thought I saw a spider and I 
was squishing it."
     A look of horror came over Mihoshi's face. "Spider? Ewww! Spider! 
Spider! Spider! Spider!" she shrieked, hopping around. 
     As soup kettles and yummy-smelling dishes crashed around him, 
Tenchi took advantage of the immediate confusion to slip into the 
closet/secret sub-space lab door.
    
----------*****----------
     "Hey Tenchi!" said Washu suspiciously as the boy exaggeratedly 
tiptoed (as Tenchi always does) towards the stairs."Just what were you 
doing in my lab?"
      As she suddenly transported before him, Tenchi hurriedly shoved 
two vials in his pockets."Ah, nothing Washu!" He said with his hand on 
his head. "I, uh, just ducked in there to dodge that one big pot, and I, 
uh............... I didn't know it was safe to come out yet." (Naughty, 
naughty boy!)
      "Ah, okay." said Washu, who knew well the pain Mihoshi and the 
large objects she occasionally made fly around could cause, with a nod, 
then she went back to the stove with Sasami, who was looking at Tenchi 
curiously.
      Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly ran upstairs.
      With a quick glance to the left and right (And above, just in case 
Ryoko was lurking around.) he quietly pulled a ladder down from the 
ceiling. During the last re-building of the house, he had wisely put in 
a tiny bit of attic space.
       After grabbing the third vial from his room, and placing the two 
now filled and stoppered vials carefully into the cold box, Tenchi 
stumbled up the ladder in a Tenchi-like manner and pulled it up after 
him. He sat crosslegged on the wooden boards of the floor and opened the 
box.
       With careful precision, Tenchi poured exactly one box of Insta-
Clone into the three vials, of the two newest one was a sort of dark 
maroon and the other an almost-black shade of blue-gray, and sighed with 
relief when he was finished. *Now hopefully Washu's inventions work 
correctly for once.* he thought.
       The directions said to let the clones sit for at least three 
hours, so Tenchi spent what seemed like forever alternating between 
watching the clock and the vials. Slowly, his eyes drooped, and he fell 
asleep.

----------*****----------
       Tenchi awoke, drool running down his cheek, to a loud POP. As he 
opened his eyes, he jumped at the sight of one of the vials fizzing. Two 
more consectutive pops threw the last two stoppers across the room as 
all three vials fizzled, and the room filled with a dry-ice like fog. As 
the smoke cleared, Tenchi amazedly sat peering into the faces of three 
people who looked just like him-but with slightly different shades of 
hair.
       "Hi!" they chorused with wide grins. "We're the Tenchi 
Clones.What would you like us to do today?" They then picked up the 
towels he had waiting for them and wrapped them around their identical 
waists.
       Tenchi grinned happily as he shook their hands. This was even 
better than he had thought.  

************************************************************************
*****

Well, guys, that was it, Part 1 of Tenchi's revenge. Thanks a lot for 
any comments or compliments(Hey, I can dream, can't I?) and not so much 
for flames, notes of "I threw up after reading this crap" or "This story 
made me realize what a desolate and disgusting place the world is, and 
by the time you get this I will have taken my own life." etc. 
-Alia 8>O~
