Yo wasup everybody its been awhile.So how did you guys like the first story
of Tenchi World.I was trying to make it the continuing part for Tenchi
universe.Well anyways Kiyone looks so much like someone I once dated she
would always have that hairstyle (except her hair is black) and that
attitude.Well anyways on with Episode 2 No need for a new characther.In this
story Hagasake is the the computer system to the ship Hagasake.Oh and please
don't sue me some of these characthers belong to someone else and one
characther is mine.Aight here we go.There on particular song you shoud check
out on napster and it called(alice dj-better off alone or alice
deejay-better off alone)either one.I was going to use the song as an intro
for the new characther.If you like the songs you hear from Japanese anime
you'll probally like this song.

                                                    TENCHI WORLD
                                  NO NEED FOR A NEW CHARACTHER

BY:Bj Somchay

It was a nice sunny morning at the house of Tenchi Masaki.Tenchi is still
sleeping,Washu is working on her experiments like always,Noboyuki is
relaxing,Grampa Masaki is meditating,Knight Azake and Kamedake are
Training,Sasami is cooking breakfast,Ryoki is helping Sasami,Ryoko and Ayeka
are watching their soap opera,and Log gaurdian Asake and Kamedake are at the
gate greeting visitors.

Sasami:(yelling from the Kitchen)BREAKFAST IS READY!!!

(Everybody except Tenchi rushes to the table)

Sasami:Wow that was quick.

(Tenchi coming downstairs)

Tenchi:Good morning Everybody.

Ayeka:Good morning Lord Tenchi.

Ryoko:Good morning.

Sasami:Good morning sleepy head.

(Tenchi sits down and eats)

Noboyuki:Tenchi could you please pass me the syrup?

Tenchi:Sure. (passes the syrup)

Ryoko:Hey Tenchi why don't we do something for old times sake.

Tenchi:uhhhh I guess.What did you have in mine?

Ryoko:(puts her arms around Tenchi)Well gee I don't know.Why don't we do
something that me and you could do together by ourselves.

Ayeka:Ryoko you take you hands off of him.

Tenchi:Please no fighting we just started eating.

Washu:Yep he's right you know.I haven't had a decent meal since I(her voice
turn angry)was Kicked out of the academy.

(Everbody Looks at Washu Strangely)

Washu:(noticeing everbody looking at her)Well uhhh thats in the pass now.

(somebody rings the doorbell)

Tenchi:Huh?I'll get it.(answer's the door)Kiyone,Mihoshi goodmorning.

Kiyone:Good morning Tenchi.We could've been here earlier if Mihoshi weren't
oversleeping.(looks at Mihoshi angrily)

Mihoshi:Sorry Kiyone.

Tenchi:Uhhh would you girls like to come in.

Kiyone&Mihoshi:SURE.

The next day at Kiyone and Mihoshi's apartment Kiyone got a call from
sombody importent

Kiyone:Mihoshi! Mihoshi! Wake up please wake up(trying to pull Mihoshi out
of the bed)

Mihoshi:Kiyone uhhh I don't feel good.

Kiyone:But Space pirate.....

Mihoshi:Sorry Kiyone you have to go without me(her face turns green)

Kiyone:Whoa!You really don't look good you should stay here.

(Kiyone quickly gets dress up and Teleported herself up to her ship Yugame)

Kiyone:[Allright space pirate Ping your going down]Allight Lets speed things
up!!

(quickly goes into hyper drive)

(Alice dj-better off alone plays scene switches to outer space by the planet
Jupiter here space pirate Ping is almost being surouned by hundreds of
Galaxy police ships)

Ping:Yo! Hagasake use stun cannon!No matter how many of them come I don't
want to see any of them dead allright.

Hagasake:Afirmative!(stuns all the ships with the cannon)

Kiyone who just arrived by planet was astonish to see all the ships just
floating there without making a move.

Kiyone:I'm getting a message from someone.On screen.

Galaxy police sergeant:Man I can't believe this!

Kiyone:Everything all right?

Galaxy police sergeant:Yea he just use stun cannon on us I'm surprise that
he did'nt kill us.

Kiyone:He's still here right?

Galaxy police sergeant:Yea good luck on getting him.

Kiyone:Ok.[my biggest chance no messing up now]

Kiyone finally finds Space pirate Ping the ship was almost 3 times as
Yugame's size

Kiyone:No matter the bigger they are the harder they fall.On screen
moniter(the screen pops up and shows a man who has short black hair going
straight down and the front end all fuzz up)Space pirate Ping I will catch
you!!

Ping:Yo Yo I heard a million times already.I suggest you go back home.

Kiyone:You're language is strange to me....No way I can't throw an
oppertunity like this away.

Ping:Allright suites yourself.

(Hagasake shoots the stun cannon Yugame dodges It all)

Ping:Hmmm..Not bad Not bd at all.

Kiyone:(smiles)

after many minutes of Kiyone dodging all the attacks Ping finally gets tired

Ping:Yo I'm tired of this Women!!Hagasake Go into hyper drive quick!

Hagasake:The Hyper drive boost will be ready in 15 seconds.

Ping:Sorry maybe next time.

Kiyone:oh yea(Gets ready to charge into the ship)

Ping:Wait a minute Youre not going to........

Kiyone:Oh yes I am.Promotion here I come(starts the engine)

Ping:You crazy women.Hagasake!!

Hagasake:Yes.

Ping:How many seconds?

Hagasake:10 more.

Ping:Oh no that aint enough!

(Yugame crashes into the ship)

Ping:Cancell the hyper drive!

Kiyone:Whoa(looks at all the fighter ship)this must be the docking
bay.(jumps out of the ship)

(Ping runs into the bay)

Kiyone looks at him and then look at his brown shoes that looked expensive
then looked at the the dark brown pants that looks like a poleyester fabric
pants with a side pocket on each side of the legs then at his white long
sleeve shirt with a blue short sleeve shirt over it.He looked to be around
26 but looks pretty young still.

Kiyone:You don't look so tough.

Ping:Yo! I'm going to give you a chance to leave.

Kiyone:Not wothout you in my custody.Now get ready!

Ping:(takes out a long pole)Don't you know you might get hurt?

Kiyone:Yea I know

Ping:C'mon isn't there another way.

Kiyone:Yea if you beat me and thats If you beat me.

Ping:Oh now you trying to punk me out now huh?

Kiyone draws out a gun but Ping knocked it out of her hand.

Ping:No guns ok?

Kiyone:Fine with me.

Kiyone throws a yo yo device at Ping,it hit him in the face then it came
back to her hand.

Ping:Yo Yo what is that uhhh yo yo?

Kiyone:Thats for me to know and for you to find out.

Ping:This is stupid(throw down a smoke bomb)

Kiyone (who was distracted by the smoke) was over the head with the pole.

Ping:(looked at Kiyone on the ground unconscience)Man I did'nt want to do
this but she had to be stuborn.(looked at her closely)She dosen't look
bad.In fact she's kinda pretty.[what are you doing Ping get a hold of
yourself she's a GP]

Kiyone:HUH?(Kiyone wakes up on somebody else's bed)what the... (looks around
the room)

(Ping walks in)

Ping:Oh you're awake I bought first aid kit for head.Sorry about that.(turns
around and opens up the kit)

Kiyone:[I know whats he's up to he is going to pretend to be nice and then
try to have his way with me.I'll teach him]

Ping:(turns around)Oh no not that yoyo thing.(he gets hit in the face but
this time he grab the yo yo and toss aside)Man what is up with you?

Kiyone:(Backs up against the wall)[oh oh here it goes](covers up her chest
with her arm)
(but then Ping grabed both of her hand)no no not here I mean not yet.

Ping:(tied up kiyone and then put her on the bed)Man I can't beleive you
would think that.
I'm trying to help you but then you do this.(turn around and was about to
leave but then Kiyone stopped him by saying his name)

Kiyone:Look I'm sorry I got the wrong idea.I had no clue you were going to
be like this.

Ping: ight I'll untie you and give you another chance.(unties
kiyone)Allright officer.....

Kiyone:Kiyone Just call me Kiyone.

Ping:Allright is your head ok?

Kiyone:Don't worry it will be alright.

Ping:In that case I will give you a tour of the place.

(Ping and Kiyone walking down the hall then Kiyone notice  bracelet that
spelled S O K D Y )

Kiyone:Hey Nice bracelet. What does it mean?

Ping:(looks at the bracelet)It means Goodluck.

Kiyone:Oh.Who did you steal it from?

Ping:My dad gave it to me.

Kiyone:Who did your dad steal it from?

(Ping Stopped walking and so did kiyone)

Ping:(looked angry)Ok you can call me names and every like that but don't
say something like that about my father.

Kiyone:C'mon I was only joking(starts gigiling)

Ping:(starts smiling)heheheh ok

Kiyone:I'm sorry I was just joking.

Ping:I know I know.Lets make a deal you see you ship is being repaired and
it might take some time for it to be repaired.So lets cooperate toghether
untill your ship gets done alright?(sticks out hand to shake)

Kiyone:Ok deal(shakes hand with Ping)

                      THE END

Sasami:Hi everbody it me Sasami.Well I guess Kiyone Is missing because of
that terible space pirate Ping.

Ayeka:Yea.I know hope she's alright beacause Mihoshi is breaking down.

Sasami:Coming up on Tenchi World is Episode3 Kiyone's perfect day