Tenchi in Darkness
Episode 3:  The Full Moon of Darkness

	"That's the run down."  Akira said, looking Tenchi sternly into his wide 
eyes.
	Akira, himself , was still getting reorientated.  Only several hours have 
passed since his collapse.  The reason behind it, still unknown to him.  All he 
knew is that he didn't like the idea that he could blackout at anytime right 
now.  It was not the time.
	"W-what do I do?!"  Tenchi asking in a slight panic.
	"You can do nothing right now except to watch your every move."  Tetsuo 
interfered.
	"Well, that won't be too hard."  Ryoko said with a smile as she cuddled 
with Tenchi.  Tenchi said nothing.  He just stared forward at the two strangers.

	The fresh spring air gave Akira a sense of temporary relief.  He had found 
a spot that was suitable for him, but not suitable for his well-being.  He had 
chosen the roof.  Ryoko's spot.  Right now he didn't care, though.
	Akira gave a deep sigh as he put his hands on his hips, quickly lapsing a 
little as his ribs throbbed in pain.
	"What are you doing here again?"  A young female voice came from behind 
him.
	Akira straightened himself out, trying hard to hide his pain.  Ryoko crept 
up beside him with her best intimidating look.  Akira didn't budge.  He kept 
looking forward, slowly dropping his hand off of his side.  Ryoko's face started 
to form that sly grin of hers.  A ridiculic statement was on its way.
	"I don't need any of your insults, comments, or statements right now, 
Ryoko."  He turned to face her.  "I don't need you talking to me."
	"What's wrong with you?"  Ryoko asked, not backing off the slightest bit.
	"I'm trying to figure out how to save your boyfriend, so, if you please -"
	"He's not my boyfriend."  Ryoko interrupted, turning her head away.  
"We're just friends.  I care for him too much.  Ever since that incident with 
the Camilla tree.  I had saved him using the power in my heart."
	Akria stared as tears formed into Ryoko's golden eyes.
	"Listen."  Akira said, breaking the brief moment of silence.  "If you 
really care for him, please don't bug me.  That may sound weird, but I believe 
with Akagi running around here, Tetsuo and I might be your only hope in saving 
Tenchi.  So, please.  Let's not bicker."
	"Maybe we shouldn't."  Ryoko said, with the grin coming back.  "Alright.  
I don't think you could handle a woman like me anyways."
	The two spent the rest of the time on the roof staring out into the deep 
grove.

	Tetsuo rolled in the open pasture, quickly dodging a kendo stick coming 
down on him.  The stick hit the ground with an enormous force.  It left an 
imprint, kicking dust and dirt up into the air.  Tetsuo quickly rebounded to his 
feet and took a quick swipe at Yosho.  He missed as Yosho moved back.
	"That was a really impressive recovery, Mr. Ikari."  Yosho said with a 
heavy sigh, putting the kendo stick to his side.  "Shall we rest for a while?"
	"As you wish."  Tetsuo replied as they both walked towards the house.
	"If you don't mind me asking, Mr. Ikari, but where did you learn 
techniques like that?"
	Tetsuo stopped at the top of the stairs of the Masaki Shrine.
	"I was raised with a light sword at my side."  Tetsuo said, holding out 
the long rod that had been sheathed on his back.  It was all a glass type 
texture, except for the handle.  As soon as he grabbed the black handle on the 
base, a small, blinding flash illuminated from the glass.  All of a sudden, it 
glowed of a light that formed a sword.  Tetsuo flicked his wrist a couple of 
times, listening intently to the swift growl of the warm sword as it past in 
front of him.  He circled his wrist a couple of times and then, with one quick 
move, slid the sword back into its sheath.  It had just powered down before it 
entered its metallic home.
	"Very nice."  Yosho said softly.  He quickly pondered an important 
question that had been bugging him since he met Tetsuo.  "Why are you here?"
	"Thank you."  Tetsuo replied.  "You see, my race was a warrior race.  We 
prospered to see a rival world burn in flames.  It was what we lived up to.  To 
kill.  To sack whole planets, kill the males and enslave the women.  My father 
was one of the leaders.  He was one of the highest members of our imperial 
council.  Nothing pleased him more than hearing that our expeditionary forces 
had destroyed or captured another alien planet.."
	"Why would your race want to do this?"  Yosho interrupted.
	"It was a simple case of believing that our race was superior to any of 
the galaxy.  We were destined for ruling it all."
	"What stopped you?"
	Tetsuo looked out into the sun.  "It was a day like this, sunny and 
beautiful.  The council had a meeting to discuss the next planetary mission, 
when a tremendous explosion emitted from the grand hall.  Nothing was left 
except for a skeleton of a building.  My father, including the entire royal 
council, were incinerated."
	"Who did it?"
	"It was a member of the council itself.  He was sent to an alien planet 
and portrayed himself as a friendly to the people.  Apparently he learned the 
techniques of the alien race there.  It was a power that we had never 
encountered before.  After he had received this gift, he terminated the planet 
eradicating whatever evidence was left of the alien's power."  Tetsuo shifted to 
look Yosho straight into his face.  "They were a friendly race.  They would have 
never hurt us.  They tried giving one of our people a gift, and in return, we 
killed them all."
	"Who was the council member?"
	Tetsuo turned away from Yosho.
	"It was Akagi.  When he came back, he had challenged my dad for his seat 
in the council.  My dad, along with the majority of the council had rejected his 
intent.  He had left vowing that something wretched was to happen to my dad and 
his supporters.  The next day, when all the council and social representatives 
were all packed into the grand hall,  Akagi came in and displayed his recently 
found powers."
	"How do you know all of this?"
	"My dad's best friend had survived the blast.  He was actually blown out 
of a window by the force before the initial blast eradiated him.  I talked to 
him and he explained everything.  He had told me to get into a capsule and get 
off of the planet.  I had nothing left.  My dad was my only family, so, I did 
what his friend advised."  Tetsuo lowered his head.  "I watched my homeworld 
turn into one giant fireball before my eyes.  The shockwave from the explosion 
damaged my capsule and I was forced to land on one of the worlds that we had 
conquered.  This is how I met Akira.  He had taken care of me and mended my 
wounds."
	A moment of silence passed.
	"What do you know about Akira?"  Yosho finally asked.
	"Not that much, actually.  As good of friends as we are, we've never 
talked about our personal lives that much.  All I know was that Akagi ransacked 
his planet and he had a burning vengance deep inside of him.  His mother was 
killed in front of his eyes when he was little.  Although it was before he had 
all of his power now, Akagi was still a strong man.  Together, we figured that 
the only way we could keep up with Akagi's actions was to join FBUG.  We could 
keep track of where he was and what he was doing.  We were on his ship before 
Akagi struck the earth.  That's why we are here."  Tetsuo formally bowed to 
Yosho.  "And I am sorry for the great inconvenience we have caused you and your 
household."
	Yosho bowed back.
	"Feel free to stay as long as you want.  You are always a special guest 
when you stay at the Masaki Residence."
	"Thank you, sir."
	The two exchanged a long glance at the setting sun as they started to walk 
down the stairs.

	Akria looked at the computer screen with a stern face.  Tetsuo knew what 
is was about before he even stepped into the room.
	"Is the analysis done?"  Tetsuo asked, stepping into the room.
	"Yes.  It is done, Tetsuo."  Akira looked over his shoulder towards his 
friend.  "The target is confimed.  Tenchi Masaki."
	"Why would Akagi want to control Tenchi?"  Tetsuo sat down on a wicker 
chair.  "What is so special about him?  Why not Ryoko?  She seems to have more 
power...."
	"Because, Tetsuo."  Akira moved to one side.  "Look at this."  Akira 
pressed a key and a bio analysis pulled up.  A wavy line on a graph jumped to 
enormous peaks.  "This is Tenchi's bio analysis.  As you can see, he is peaking 
at a pretty high level.  I became more interested, so I ran a blood analysis.  
The conclusions stated that Tenchi is half human, and half of another race I 
thought you might think was interesting."
	"What's his other bloodline?"
	Akira stood up and stared out of the one window in the room.
	"In my encounter with Akagi at the crash site, he mentioned a 'Prince of 
Jurai'.  When I explained that to Sasami and Ayeka, they told me I was referring 
to Tenchi.  I talked to Ayeka furthermore about this, and it appears that Tenchi 
is of royal Juraian blood.  He is the Prince of Jurai."
	"So, he's a prince."  Tetsuo said back.
	"Not only that Tetsuo.  As long as we've been on the force, I have never 
seen anyone's , including the current reigning Jurai prince's, power levels peak 
at these heights."  He turned to face his comrade.  "Ayeka told me he has the 
power to form the Light Hawk Sword and Wings."
	"That's a lot of power that we must protect."
	"I agree, but we must do our best to protect it."  Akira started to list 
slightly.  "It is our only option to keep Akagi away from the powwwwe....."  
Akira collapsed to the ground.

	Tenchi was laying silently in his bed, staring at his ceiling.  Thoughts 
and concerns raced through his mind as he tried getting sleep.  It was like he 
was having insomnia.  Like something was keeping him up.  It was like he had 
some sort of illness...........
	"Tenchi?"  Ryoko asked with concern on her face.  Tenchi slowly turned to 
her without speaking.  "Are you alright?"
	Tenchi gave her a quick smirk.
	"I'm fine Ryoko.  I'm just trying to get some sleep."
	"Okay."  Ryoko replied with a sigh of relief.  "If you need anything I'll 
be outside your door."
	Tenchi smiled to her as she teleported through the door to the hallway.  
His smile slowly vanished as she left.  He was not fine.  He knew it.  He didn't 
want to worry everyone though, so, he turned over and finally fell into a deep 
sleep.
	Outside a full moon illuminated the sinister face of Akagi as he stared at 
the Masaki household from atop a hill.  A smile had crossed his features.
	"It will be soon, Akira."  he said to himself as he let out a roaring 
chuckle.  With a wave of his hand, he formed a thin cloud that covered the 
moon's rays with a soft crimson red glow.






Preview to the next episode:
----------------------------
	-  It starts.
	-  Akagi pays a visit to the Masaki household and the conflict begins



Don't miss the next exciting episode of:
Tenchi in Darkness
Episode 4:  The Chase

e-mail me:  y2k_cork12@yahoo.com
