Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Tenchi Muyo characters.  They belong to AIC 
and Pioneer and other stuff, although this series is of my making and I did make 
up my own character.  Don't sue me! I like money.


My Rant:  This character, in my mind, is supposed to be in the series from the 
beginning to the end.  My story takes place during the Tenchi Universe series, 
except some elements may be carried over from Shin Tenchi Muyo and Tenchi OVA.  
This takes place about ten years before the Tenchi series actually started.

 

Tenchi's Brother- Chap. 1-Ruki and Tenchi

 

                

      A young boy is seen looking at the stars, lost in thought.  He is out in a 
clearing, lying on his back.  The cool spring breeze feels good after his 
training.  

      Ruki had just finished an extra long lesson with his grandfather and the 
cool wind felt good against the small open wounds on his body.  He is very proud 
to have landed a hit
of the bokken on his grandfather and a smirk appears on his face as he thinks 
about it.

      He then realized that he should go back to the house before his father got 
to worried. 

       

 

      Tenchi sat in his bed.  He found it hard to sleep without his big brother 
there.  He hated that Ruki always talked about how much he would love to go to 
the Science
Academy.              

      "Doesn't he realize how much I need him here," Tenchi said aloud.  "I'm 
not old enough to take care of all the work by myself," the young 8 year old 
once again said to no one.

Just then, he heard the door open downstairs and someone running up stairs to 
Tenchi's room.  Tenchi decided that he would pretend to be asleep so Ruki 
wouldn't scold him for
staying up. 

  Ruki opened the door violently, but crept in when he saw Tenchi asleep.  He 
took his usual spot on the floor next to Tenchi's bed. 

 Ruki cared deeply for his brother and Tenchi knew it.  Sometimes Ruki just had 
to go ahead of Tenchi.  Ruki was very smart and very skillful and sometimes 
Tenchi couldn't keep up. 
After a while of sitting in bed Tenchi spoke up.

      "Are you really going to the Space School?" Tenchi asked.  "It's Science 
Academy," Ruki corrected, "and I'm going if I get the opportunity.   I've 
dreamed my whole life of
going into space, so I can't pass up an opportunity.  Don't worry kid, it's not 
very likely that they will except a 14 year old into the Science Academy." Ruki 
said.  

      "Ok," Tenchi sighed and closed his eyes. 

       

       

      The next day was bright and sunny; Tenchi was up very early to start his 
chores before school.  He always looked forward to coming home and playing with 
Ruki, but lately it
seemed that Ruki was always too busy with something else.  He, being so young, 
really didn't understand why.  Still he hoped everyday that Ruki would play 
after school.

      As he groggily walked to the bathroom, he tripped over Ruki's sleeping 
form.  He gasped.  

       

                      Silence.

       

      He was lucky.  Ruki was a very heavy sleeper and hated when he was 
awakened abruptly.  Tenchi slowly got up and walked to the door to start his 
chores.  After he finished his
chores he went to the bathroom, took a quick shower, and got dressed. 

             It was when he got dressed that Ruki finally got up.  Ruki quickly 
got dressed, knowing he may be late again.  Somehow he got ready on time and he 
and Tenchi got
      on the bus for school.  

      When they got off the bus, Ruki immediately met up with some of his 
friends, leaving Tenchi to walk to class by himself.  

       

      Around ten o'clock Tenchi was deep in thought, he was staring out the 
window during his Math class when the he heard, "Tenchi Masaki." The teacher and 
the other kids
were staring at him. He was totally lost and some people snickered.  "Maybe next 
time you'll try to pay attention," the teacher snapped.  Of course Tenchi was so 
lost in thought right
after his lecture, he went back to staring out the window.  

      The teacher dropped his book when he noticed again.  "Tenchi, how 'bout 
you stay in my class after school and look out the window," the teacher 
threatened.  "Oh man,"
Tenchi thought.  

      After school Tenchi explained to Ruki that he had to stay over.  Ruki just 
glared at him and got on the bus.  

      As the bus rode off Tenchi stuck his tongue out.  "You don't know what 
it's like since you're always sucking up to your teachers," Tenchi yelled 
knowing he couldn't hear him.

       

      Tenchi was very tired from walking all the way home since he missed the 
bus.  His detention went by very slowly and Tenchi was hungry.  Tenchi still was 
hoping that Ruki
would be waiting at the front of the house like he used to before he became so 
busy.  

      Tenchi was overjoyed when he saw Ruki standing in front of the house.  It 
was better when he saw that he had a smirk on his face.  He had some sort of 
letter in his hand 

      "Tenchi, guess what!" he exclaimed. "I'm going to the Science Academy!  
Isn't it great!  Some alien carrier ship dropped off a letter here.  I'm leaving 
in a week.

      Tenchi's heart sank.  "No, no it can't be," he thought.  Tenchi had a 
strange look on his face.  The only way to explain it was shock and hurt.  
"What's wrong?" Ruki said,
"aren't you happy for me?"  "No," he blurted out.  "How could you do this?"  

      "Do what, I told you if I got excepted that I would go." Ruki reminded 
him.  "Yeah, you also said that it wouldn't happen!" Tenchi shouted.

"I said it probably wouldn't happen."  "But, but, but.." Tenchi was totally at a 
loss for words.  He started crying and ran past Ruki up to his room.  

                When Nobiyuki saw Tenchi, he realized that he probably had heard 
the news from Ruki.  He couldn't say he was at all surprised.  The one person 
Tenchi looked up to and
admired was leaving and of course his first reaction would be what Tenchi just 
did.   He then saw Ruki running for the house and after Tenchi, but he stopped 
him.  

                "Let him be, son," Nobiyuki said calmly.  Ruki just looked up 
the stairs and then walked back outside.  He decided that he would take a walk 
to think of a good thing to say that
would calm Tenchi down.  

                "Tenchi.um.uh." he struggled for words.  He couldn't think of 
anything to say.  "Look, I know your mad but this is rare opportunity," he 
started, " and..well.. um, you
see..uh, you just can't pass up this kind of thing, so don't be mad, er, oh man, 
I already said that!" he sighed and plopped down on the ground.  

                "I guess it's not doing me any good just sitting here," he 
sighed again, and then got up.  He walked very slowly back to the house.  He was 
going over and over of things that
would be good to say.

 

                

 

      Tenchi's tears had somehow managed to stop.  His pillow was damp from 
tears and sweat.  It was unseasonably hot for this time of the year.  

                "Come on Tenchi, be strong," a voice said inside him, "you ought 
to be able to handle this.  You knew he wasn't gonna stay forever.  He would 
laugh if he saw you like this. 
All broken down by something you knew was coming.  It's not his fault it's 
yours.  You have been preparing for something like this.

                "I know," Tenchi said, talking to his conscience, "but I guess 
it's a lot harder because of Mom.  That's it! That's why I'm so mad over this!  
I thought that I was strong enough
to handle this.  Ruki taught me that, to always be strong.  I just haven't fully 
gotten over that, even though I thought I was.  Or maybe I knew I wasn't over it 
all along, I just didn't except
it, ur," Tenchi grunted.  "I shouldn't be worrying so much."

                

 

      Satisfied that he was ready to talk to Ruki, he went outside to talk to 
him.  Of course, he wasn't there.  He was about to leave when he saw him walking 
back.

 

                

      Ruki had what he was going to say memorized.  "Look Tenchi, sometimes 
things happen that probably won't ever happen again.  And when those things come 
you gotta take
them, or they will leave and you will regret it for the rest of your life," he 
was happy with his speech.

      Before he had a time to look up to see where he was, Tenchi was running up 
to him. Ruki looked up just in time to see Tenchi run at him.  Ruki's first 
reaction was that Tenchi
was gonna try to tackle him, but Tenchi gave him a hug that was even bigger than 
a Ryoko hug. (If that's possible.) 

      Ruki just gave out a little chuckle and hugged Tenchi back.

       

       

      The next week went by too quickly for Tenchi.  Nobiyuki aloud Tenchi and 
Ruki to skip school so they could spend the rest of their time together.  

      They did many things like camping, fishing, hiking, talking, walking, and 
so many other things that brothers do.  

       

      On their last day, they were out camping in the forest.  Tenchi and Ruki 
were talking about various things.  They got onto the conversation of their 
mother.  

      "She was so gentle.  I really miss her." Tenchi remarked.  

                      

            "Yeah, I miss her too.  You have done a good job cooping with it." 
Ruki replied.  Both of

them were just sitting and thinking of the memories of their mother. "You can 
manage without me, right?  Well, you have to.  I mean you don't have a choice.  
You've had a rough life so
far kid.  I'm sure one day you will meet a nice girl and settle down.  Your life 
won't get that much weirder." Ruki told Tenchi.

            "You think?" Tenchi thought aloud.  

                            "I know, kid." Ruki replied.  

They left it at that.  The moon came out and they fell asleep.  For the briefest 
of moments, Tenchi's sadness went away.  But in the back of his mind he knew 
that it would last only one
more day.  

 

                In the morning, Ruki actually woke up first.  Something about 
nature woke him up early.  Add that he was leaving the planet and not coming 
back for a long time.  He took a
deep breath.  

                "I'm really gonna miss this place," he said.  He looked back at 
his sleeping brother.  He loved him and his whole family.  He had his fair share 
of tragedy in the family in his life. 
He took a walk in the forest.  He walked past the trees and got to a clearing.  
He loved this clearing.  He did a lot of studying the stars there.  He went to 
the cliff that hangs over a ledge. 
He also went there many times.  

                Memories flashed before his eyes.  He saw himself as a younger 
boy, discovering new things, and getting interested in different sciences.  

 

                "It all paid off," he said to himself.  "I am going to be the 
youngest ever in the Space Academy."  

 

He decided that he would see if Tenchi was up yet.  He walked back to the 
campground.  He really enjoyed the scenery here.  He was taking it all in when 
someone appeared out of the
trees.

                "Hey kid," the raspy voice said.  "You shouldn't be out here by 
yourself.  You should run home to your mommy," he said in a baby-like voice.  
"I'm serious, you should run.  I
might just have to kill you," he taunted.  

                Ruki stood fearless.  He always remembered his grandfather 
telling him, "Always act calm.  If you act confidently, then you will prevail."  

                                "What's the matter, kid?  Cat got your tongue?"  
He taunted.  Ruki kept looking for the campsite.  He was trying to also keep eye 
contact with this forest robber.  He
spotted the site. Luckily, or unluckily, Tenchi was still asleep.  The robber 
caught his gaze and smiled.  "You know that kid, huh?"  He ran toward Tenchi.  
Ruki smacked himself inside for
his mistake.  He ran after him.  The robber made it first and grabbed Tenchi.  

                The robber kept running through the crisp morning air.  Tenchi 
woke up.  "Huh..what?"  He sleepily rubbed his eyes.  He looked up at the man 
that was carrying him and
started yelling.  "Hey, who are you?  Where's Ruki?  When he gets to you, you'll 
be sorry."  Tenchi threatened.  

                Ruki kept running.  He ran faster and faster.  He had to catch 
up with him.  All of the sudden, out of nowhere, BOOM!  A loud thump, and then 
the man fell down flat on his
back.  Katsuhito appeared next to him.  

                "Grandpa!" Tenchi exclaimed.  His grandfather picked him up and 
set him on his shoulder.  Ruki sighed a big sigh of relief.

                "I must commend you on your bravery Ruki.  I believe I have 
taught you well.  

"Yeah, Ruki!" Tenchi added.

                "Thanks, but I really didn't do anything." Ruki humbly replied.

"You didn't back down, and that is worth congratulating," Katsuhito said.

 

                                                     They all headed back home.

                                                               

                Around noon, Ruki was getting all of his things prepared for his 
trip.  Ever since they came back form the forest, he didn't quite feel right.  
How could blame him?  "My last day
of my life on earth.  My last day as a normal kid," he reflected on all the 
things of his past.  "I will leave some bad memories too, but I sure am gonna 
miss those great ones."

                As he put his things together, he found old toys and pictures of 
from when he was a very small boy.  He found pictures of Tenchi as a baby.  He 
saw himself playing with
Tenchi.  

                "Those were the days," Ruki said to himself.  He got the rest of 
his stuff together and ready.  He hated leaving, yet he couldn't wait to get 
into space.  

 

                Finally, it was time.  Ruki waited patiently at the door.  They 
said they would pick him up right at his house.  It was out in the middle of 
nowhere so it wasn't really a problem. 
His father, grandfather, and brother waited with him.  

                A low hum could be heard in the distance.  The hum became a 
roar, and the carrier ship came into sight.  As it landed Nobiyuki's eyes filled 
with tears

                "Well, this is it son. I sure am gonna miss you," his father 
hugged him tightly.  

                                "Remember what you have learned and apply it to 
your life," Katsuhito gave another very good piece of advice.  He also hugged 
Ruki.  Ruki then faced Tenchi.  Tenchi
had so far held back his tears.  

                "You are very strong kid.  You're gonna make it.  Just listen to 
Dad and Grandpa and you'll be fine," Ruki gave some advice of his own.  Tenchi's 
eyes started to become moist.

                Tenchi latched onto his leg.  "I will think of you everyday," 
Tenchi spoke through his tears.

And with that, Ruki took his luggage and headed toward the ship.  

                It was pretty junky, but it was an average size.  A platform 
lowered to the ground from the ship.  Ruki walked onto it.  He turned to face 
his family.  He waved as the platform
rose.  

 

      That was the last Tenchi saw of Ruki for quite some time.

 

The ship lifted off the ground.  Tenchi ran under where the ship was and just 
kept waving until the ship was out of sight.  

                "Goodbye," Tenchi said softly and went back inside.

 

 

 

Well there it was.  It did take a long, long time to get this chapter done.  I 
tried getting some action in there with the robber, but it still was rather 
boring.  Fear not! There will be plenty of
that later as long as you just stick tight.  Please, please send comments and 
criticism.  The next chapter will be out soon.  Thanks for reading.  I hope I 
entertained you. 


