Hello Everybody I am new at this so I hope my fanfiction interest some of
you readers.My style of writing a story is much like a script.It kinda help
put people into that japanese anime atmosphere you know.Sometime in my story
you'll see this(          ) and this [       ] some of you    probally know
this allready but the one that dosen't  This sign (   )  means their doing
an action for example ( pulls out a chair and sits on it)and other means
thier thinking it in their head like  this for an example [I will never let
him win] Oh! sometimes you'll see this (Dj mystik-sweet honesty song
plays)you got go on napster to hear those songs.Like I said I'm trying to
get people into that japanese anime atmospere.I will include new characthers
If Gensao allows it I'll draw out the new characthers and send them to him
and maybe he could put it on the page for you to  look at.For more Info on
this e-mail me at    laotianthug@asianavenue.com or herokenshin@yahoo.com oh
yea I forgot to include

one thing and thats please don't sue me some characthers  later on that
appear are mine but the rest belongs to someone else.

Ok on with the story.The story starts right after the last episode of Tenchi
universe so it goes into another era not Tenchi in tokyo thats a different
story but starts right after Tenchi universe.So the name this new era  is
TENCHI WORLD.There are two different Asake and Kamadake the gaurdian ones
and the knight ones [not to let you guys get confuse]the G.stands for
Guardian and the K. stands for Knight.In this scene Kiyone and Mihoshi are
back at their apartment on earth.Please enjoy(^-^);

                          TENCHI WORLD
                  EPISODE ONE-NO NEED TO END NOW

BY:BJ SOMCHAY


Kiyone:Oh I can't beleive this!(puting all the boxes of stuff on top of the
other boxes)How could we get demoted and and get stationed back here again!?

Mihoshi:Maybe because we........

Kiyone:I don't want to hear that story again!!!

Mihoshi:Oh Ok.

Kiyone:We'll have to put that T.V. here.

Mihoshi:(sitting down eating junk food from the boxes and then looks at
Kiyone)Huh what did you say?

Kiyone:Mihoshi!!!Arent you going to help me.

Mihoshi:Sorry where did you want the t.v. at again?

Kiyone:(points at the wall by the window)

Mihoshi:Ok.(picks up the T.V. buts slips on the junk food wrapper that she
left on the floor and ended up breaking the T.V.)OOOOPS!!!!

Kiyone:Mihoshi you are so clumsy!!!!Now we have to go and buy a new T.V.
tomorrow.

(the scene swithes to Tenchi's house)

Grampa Masaki:Welcome back Ryoko.Things haven't been the same since you
disapeared.

Ryoko:ahhhh You know me I would always come back to Tenchi(wrapping her arms
around Tenchi)

Tenchi:(face blush)

Noble Yukie:Thats my son always been the ladies man

(upon hearing a spaceship land outside they all ran outside to see)

Ryoko:I knew she would come back.(smiling)

Tenchi:Ayeka.......

(Ayeka teleports to the ground Then Ryoko wrap her arms around Tenchi)

Ayeka:Tenchi my love I'm back huh(see's Ryoko's arm around Tenchi)Hey you
keep you hands off of Tenchi!!!

Ryoko:I knew that stench was you.

Ayeka:(upon hearing that comment she was about to explode but then starts
laughing in an evil way)hahahahahaha.Your insults won't get to me this time.

Ryoko:Is that sooo.

Tenchi:Hey you two stop arguing!!

Ayeka:It appears that Lord Tenchi is right we will have a truce.......For
now.

Ryoko:Same here.

Grampa Masaki:Well thats good to hear now why don't we all go inside and
have some dinner.

Noble Yukie:Yea I'm starving that reminds me isn't Sasami with you Ayeka?

Ayeka:No she's not.

(everybody hears another spaceship landing)

Tenchi:Who is this.

(somebody teleports to the ground)

Tenchi:..........Sasami!!

Sasami:Tenchi!!(hugs Tenchi)

Tenchi:Its good to see you again Sasami.

(four others teleports to the ground)

G.Kamedake:Its good to see you again Lord Tenchi.

K.Kamedake:Yes it is My Lord Tenchi(bows down)

Tenchi: No no no need for that.

K.Kamedake:Yes my lord.

G.Asake:When we found that note that Ayeka left behind we knew she be here.

K.Asake:Yes thanks to Sasami's quick thinking.

Grampa Masaki:Well Its good to see you Asake and Kamadake and uhhhhh Asake
and Kamedake.Now lets all go inside.

Sasami:Right I'll cook.

(They all went inside meanwhile Kiyone and Mihoshi are still unpacking)

Kiyone:Mihoshi could hand me that hammer?(placing the picture right on the
wall)

Mihoshi:(Pulls the hammer out from the bottom box of stacks)This
one?(^-^)(the stacks of boxes falls)oops.

Kiyone:Mihoshi!!!!!!!

(after many minutes they finally got done unpacking they both lay down to
rest)

Kiyone:That was tiresome well lets get some rest(goes to sleep but gets
interupted when Mihoshi tap on her shoulder)what is it.

Mihoshi:Lets go visit Tenchi.

Kiyone:Tommorow I'm tired.

Mihoshi:C'mon lets go.

Kiyone:No I'm tired.

Mihoshi:(eyes glitter Cutey face)C'mon pretty please.

Kiyone:I said Noooo!

(they end up going any ways upon the steps of Tenchi's house they here
arguing)

Mihoshi:......Tat voice It sounds Familiar its Ryoko and Ayeka.

(they enter through the door then Ryoko and Ayeka stop arguing)

Tenchi:Hey Kiyone hey Mihoshi.Won't you guys join us for dinner.

Mihoshi:We love to know that we havent ate for 2 days.cause of our......

Kiyone:Shut up!!!(her voice goes back to calm)why we love.

Tenchi:Great.

(washu enters the room)

Washu:Hey everybody I see you guys made it already.

Tenchi:Washu?When did you get here?

Washu:along time ago I was so busy with my projects i did'nt have time to
talk to you guys.

(everybody sits and eats While they were eating Ryoko leans towards Tenchi's
ear to whispher something)

Ryoko:See Tenchi there is no need to end now.

                                                          The End

Tenchi:Hey everybody its me Tenchi on our next Episode of Tenchi world
Kiyone finds out that a famous space pirate is around her patrol system.

Kiyone:yes If I catch him maybe they would repromote me.

Tenchi:Its been rumored that he might be the new characther.Who is this
Unknown man and why is he around here.Coming up is Episode2 no need for a
new Characther.

Ryoko:He's unquestionalby new.
