            Tenchi Destiny
By: Michael S'jet
Part: 1
Disclamer: Tenchi, Ryoko, Achika, Nuboyuki, and Katsuhiro are property of
Pioneer and AIC
I don't claim them and only use them for persoanl use.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------
    It was a cold day in the Okayama town. Tenchi awoke to find that it was
twelve after four. How could he just wake up at such an early time in the
morning? He was totally thoughtless.
    "Why must I get only six hours of sleep?" he asked himself, laying his
sleepy head to one side as he gazed at the clock.
    "If I wake up like this all the time then there will be no need for an
alarm." he said turning off the alarm clock. He got up and went over to his
dresser. Pulling out his uniform he caught sight of his painting of his
parents, Nuboyuki and Achika.
    *Where are you when I need you mom?* The thought tore his heart with
pain. Eleven years ago Tenchi's parents set out on some top secret mission
to
search the Universe for the "darkness", as his Gardian Akira said it. They
never where heard from again after their departure. Tenchi questioned this
for about a decade, but all that anyone would say is, "In time Tenchi, you
will understand." Recently he decided that it would be to no avail to ask
repeatedly, so he simply let it be.  Tenchi then got dressed.He walked out
with his backpack.
    "Tenchi? Are you going to want some breakfast?"
    "No thanks Akira, I think I'll pass today. I've gotta go. See ya!"
    "Bye Tenchi!"
    He ran out the door and on to the long path to school. Today would be a
good day.  He would have a presentation on his new Hydrogen fusion drive.
Also, his grandfather Katsuhiro would come over today and teach him the last

segment of his training. Tenchi expected some kind of test when he got home.

Maybe an attack as he enter the Masaki grounds, or a trap at the front door.

*Well, no time for that,* he thought *I wonder what Keith is up to.* Keith,
his cousin, was one of the family members who lived in Okayama. There were
only three other people he knew. His aunt Hitaro and uncle Tashiro, and his
other cousin, little Taro. As he enter the school grounds he was greeted by
his friends Jutara, Michael, Kentari, and Yukinto.
    "Hey Tenchi!" they said collectively.
    "Hey guys!"
    "Tenchi, did you finish the Physics sheet we got yesterday?"  Jutara
asked.
    "Yeah, it took me a bit to get right ,but I got it done."
    "Impressive! We were supposed to turn it in tomarrow." Michael said.
    "We were? Ahhh. I spent most of my day doing it. Well at least I'll get
some extra credit."
    "Right. Well anyways, I've been meaning to ask you something."
    "What Jutara? The usual?"
    "Yes."
    "Well for the thousndth time, I'm  not intrested in a girlfriend yet.
I'm
just to deep in my work that there would never be any time."
    With that the bunch went to class. Tenchi was drawing a picture of his
mother during a math lesson. He was a very good artist. The painting of his
parents was his work. It was based on a little sketch he made on the day his

parent's left.
    "Tenchi." Keith said.
    "What are you doing?"
    "Nothing Keith. Just drawing."
    "Oh. Well you should pay attention. This is important."
    There's Keith for ya. being such a good friend. Tenchi knew he cared
,but
he couldn't help but ignore his advice.
    "I've got it, don't worry."
    The rest of the day seemed to  fly by. After school he headed for home.
Tenchi had been taken by surprise for the past eight years of his grandpa's
training. He was determined to win this time. He carried a small knife for
protection. It wasn't much but it was something. As he pasted by the lake
that the path was near to, Tenchi saw a figure behind a tree near the water
at a bend that cut close to the lake.
    *Ha. I've got you now Grandpa!* He thought. Although the figure was
barely notceable he was certain it was him. Tenchi walked calmly to the tree

and as soon as he was about to see the figure on the other side he lept in
front of it and pulled out his dagger.
    "Awwww!" Tenchi screamed as he prepared to block an attack from the
figure. It was a trick. The figure was a cleverly dressed bunch of pillows
and such.
    *But if this isn't grandpa then why is.." Tenchi was hit  on the head
from behind with a wooden practice sword.
    "Oww. What the?!"
    "Defend yourself!" Katsuhiro said.
    The battle was brief as Tenchi cut up the sword. Katsuhiro was proud and

accepted his defeat.
    "Very good Tenchi. Are you ready for your final test to become a
warrior?"
    "Yes grandpa." he said respectfully.
    "The training will commence on Saturday. Right now I want you to go out
and make another sword."
    "Yes grandfather."
    Tenchi went out to get the tools he would need from the cabin. After he
was ready he go out the wood from the back to began creating the sword.
    "Here it is grandpa." he said with the sword in his hand.
    "Good, this will be great for your practice."
    As Tenchi thought of the sword he glanced at a set of old keys that were

to the Masaki shrine on his desk. Being that Tenchi was a very independent
boy he thought about the cave that supposedly held a demon. It would be
quite
an adventure to explore the old cave. Learning the truth behind the two
demons that the cave offered would be great to check out. He had heard that
the demon was very powerful and that a powerful samuri had easily slain the
beast.
    "Do you want these?" Katsuhiro asked.
    "You'll have to earn them."
    Then Katsuhiro began a hand to hand battle with Tenchi. Tenchi, of
course, being caught off guard, lost.
    "Well, looks like you need  more practice. See you at home."
    After he left Tenchi began to snicker.
    *You shouldn't be so assumptive!* he thought with the keys in his
pocket.
    He set off to the cave. It would be a day he would never forget. At the
entrance he took note of the weird way this cave looked. It seemed to be
supported by something inside. Very peculiar. He opened the steel door to
the
cave. It seemed to be competely sealed. He had to break a rusted bar that
held it closed from the inside by a lock with no key. Hey was amazed at the
sight of the interior. It seemed to be some sort of ship. He entered with
caution. The walls, ceiling, and floor came to life as he moved about in the

ship. He walked down a weird hall until it came to a bunch of doors. The
words on them were old Japanese but too vague to decifer. He then went all
the way down the hall to a partially open door at the end of it. He pulled
open the door and entered a room that looked like a dark lab. At the center
of it was a large glass tube that held a body in mid-air. As he approched
the
tube he caught sight of a sword that had a rusted blade.
    "This must be the old sword of the samuri."
    Forgeting all the rumors of the sword he grabbed hold of it and lifted
it
away from it's resting place. The sword blade crumbled as he held the hilt.
A
chunk of it hit the keyboard in front of him. The room began to surge with
energy as the tube opened and let out a thin, naked girl with cyan hair. As
she fell to the floor Tenchi gasped with horror. The girl looked up and
Tenchi's thought was confirmed.
    "The demon!" he yelled.
    The girl was barely realising  what was happening. Tenchi turned tail
and
sprinted all the way home with the hilt still in hand.

    The next morning he was haunted by the event of yesterday. He returned
the keys before Katsuhiro noticed they where missing. All day  in class he
thought of the demon and the sword. He had just begun to really notice the
details of the sword hilt. It was a small piece of some weird wood, with a
bit of design at the bottom and top. At the base were three small, red
spheres, and it had a little purple at the top where the blade was. It
seemed
a little strange being that he'd seen no design like it. As he thought about

it in his class he began to think about what the demon might be doing right
now. Recking havoc perhaps or killing people. What had he done. The next
thing he knew was that he was laying in the courtyard of school.
    "What? Where am I? Huh. Must of fallen asleep. Oh gosh I've got an
assignment today! I think I left my bag in class."  As he regained his
strength he walked to the school building. He entered the building  after
popping the lock with his knife.
    "Thank God I kept my dagger in my pocket."
    He walked up to the fourth floor when he remembered being on the roof
talking with Keith. He went up there and retreived his backpack. As he
turned
around he caught sight of a lady in a strange dress standing above the exit.

    "What? Who are you?"
    "Ryoko."she said bluntly.
    Tenchi then filled with fright. The demon was standing infront of him.
She charged a ball of energy in her hand and closed her fingers around it,
pushing out the energy on either side. She had created a double bladed sword

completely of energy. She then let out a battle cry and surged forth to stab

Tenchi.
    "I'll make all of you Jurians pay!" she yelled in anger.
    Tenchi dodged her intial blow and also her counter. He then ran out to
the exit as she sent a ball of energy after him, blowing a hole in the wall.

Tenchi then ran down the hall as she entered and fired another. Tenchi was
lifted off the floor and flung to the ground by the blast. Luckily, the
energy aftershock allowed Tenchi to get into a room with out Ryoko knowing.
He then thought of what to do. He got an Idea. As she searched the nearby
room Tenchi pulled out a gas pipe and stepped infront of the room Ryoko was
in.
    "Hey! Over here!"he yelled.
    Ryoko turned and fired another ball of energy at him. He was lucky that
the gas didn't reach the energy ball. He ran down the hall as Ryoko charged
up another. This time the gas did reach it and she was set ablaze. Tenchi
looked back.
    *Was she dead?* He wondered.
    Then Ryoko emerged from the fire. Tenchi couldn't think. She was surely
going to kill him, but Ryoko's attention was caught by a poster proclaiming
pictures were to be take next week.
    "Wow, I'd like my picture taken. I wonder if I'm ready for it?" she
said.
Then she looked at a mirror on the other side of the hall.
    "Oh, I'm a mess. I can't take a picture like this." She then began to
tidy herself up.
    As she did that Tenchi took off to get away from this nightmare. In
about
a minute or two Tenchi was out of the building and on to the gates. Ryoko
quickly began her man hunt as she finished fixing herself up. She flew
outside and saw Tenchi in the middle of the courtyard. She sent an energy
ball his way as a warning. Tenchi looked back. He was certain that he
couldn't out run here as she phased a few feet infront of him. he decided to

stand his ground as his backpack began to glow with a blue aura. He opened
it
an pulled out the hilt which turned to a full energy blade as Ryoko took a
shot at Tenchi. The blade held as Ryoko locked her eyes on to Tenchi's. The
sword began to fight back as Tenchi tried desperately to gain control of it.

    "You fight well Jurian." she grunted as Tenchi blocked another hit.
    " It isn't me it is the sword. I would never try to fight a demon like
you!"
    "Ha. You know nothing about me to say such a thing."
    "Well I know that normal people don't fly or walk through fire or try to

kill innocent people!"
    "You dare compare me to Jurians?" She was very angry.
    But she was silenced as Tenchi caught her off gaurd and tore her
abdamon.
Then the sword absorbed the small red sphere on her wrist. As she was
angered
by defeat she looked away as if she was going to cry.
    "I'm sorry." he began with concern."I didn't mean to hurt you. I..I.."
    "That's okay. I'm fine."Ryoko said.
    Her wound healed and she was back to her original appearence.
    "I feel bad. What is your name young Warrior?"
    "Tenchi. Tenchi Masaki."
    "Oh. I'm sorry"
    Tenchi began to look into her eyes. She was quite pretty for a demon.
She
then vanished into thin air.Tenchi was satisfied with himself. He had
defeated the demon of Okayama. He began his walk home.
    "Tenchi, dear. Why are you so late?" Akira asked.
    "I had work to do. Sorry. Is dinner ready?"
    "Of course Tenchi."
    When Tenchi finished his dinner he began to think about his day. His
thoughts where interrupted as Akira closed her bedroom door and went to bed.

It was Twelve o'clock. Tenchi thought it was time for him to go to bed, too.

He walked up to his room with Ryoko still in his mind. He was completely
surprised to see Ryoko sleeping in his bed.
    "Perfect. I've got a demon in my house. Well that's what I get for
beating her. Guess tonight I've got the couch to myself."Tenchi went up and
tucked Ryoko into bed. A little smile went over her face.
    "Sweet dreams, Ryoko."
    Tenchi  layed on the couch exahausted. He wonder what the future held
for
him with Ryoko. He then dozed off.
    "Tenchi!" Ryoko said that morning at Five oh two.
    "What? Ryoko? What is?"
    "Wake up!"
    Ryoko had her right knee at Tenchi's waist while her left foot barely
touched the floor. Tenchi began to come to as he noticed Ryoko's position.
He
than began to sit up. Ryoko easily moved away and floated next to him.
Tenchi
looked at her with an akward expression.
    "What?"
    "Oh, nothing. It's just going to take me awhile to get use to seeing
people float."
    "Hey your not a demon, right?"
    "No, I'm a Space Pirate."
    "Space Pirate?"
    "Yes, a person who raveges starships, who kills people for the hell of
it, a person who steals from the rich and the poor. That is what Jurians say

about me, but I think of myself as a savior. The people I protected sure
thought that way. Those damn Jurians really piss me off. They are so
selfish.
It was a Jurian who sealed me up in that ship."
    "You mean the samuri named Yosho?"
    "Call him what you want. He's a Jurian no matter what He never heard my
side of the story, which is customary among Jurians. Well enough of that.
Aren't you going to be late for school?"
    "Your right. Are you going to stay here?"
    "I guess I'm going to have to. I have no power to leave this place.
Tenchi?" Ryoko said slowly.
    "Yes?"
    "I was wondering. Would you mind if I got one of my gems back?"
    "Those things you use for power? I don't kn.."
    "Please."
    "Well, we'll see after I get back today. Make yourself at home. I'll be
back at aro
