~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
DISCALMER:  I do not own all the characters like Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, 
Mihoshi, and so on in this fanfic, or anything that is own by AIC and 
Pioneer.  Well except for Commander Henrii Lok.  I do not want a lawsuit 
because I just can’t afford to pay that much money.  If you want to use 
Commander Henrii Lok please ask me first.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NO NEED TO GO HUNGRY

Ryoko teleported back to Washu, Henrii, Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki.
“Yes yes yes!” cried out Ryoko as she jumped onto Henrii arms.
“Ryoko!” said Henrii as they both fell to the floor.  Ryoko got back up 
while Henrii had to pickup all ten bags of stuff.
“Look who got a date with Tenchi,” said Ryoko.
“Ayeka?” said Henrii as he got up and started to pickup the bags.  Ryoko 
grab Henrii’s neck and said to Henrii.
“Never ever say that! Or I will kill you right here, right now!” said Ryoko.
“Just kidding! Geez, you probably got a date with Tenchi,” said Henrii.  
Ryoko let go of him and smiled at him and gave him thumbs up.
“Damn straight!” said Ryoko.
“You did Ryoko!” said Washu holding her huge teddy bear and sat down on a 
bench.
“Yep!” said Ryoko as she hugged Washu and sat by Washu.
“Where are you two going?” said Washu.
“I don’t know, I only said to Tenchi I will chose just like what you said to 
Henrii,” said Ryoko.
“Oh so have you figured it out yet?” asked Sasami.
“Miya?”
“How about a night club?” said Ryoko.
“That’s a good idea Ryoko,” said Henrii as he sat by Washu.
“Do you want to go to a night club Henrii?” asked Washu.
“Sure why not it sounds fun,” said Henrii.
“Miya miya miya?” said Ryo-Ohki.
“Yeah where is Mihoshi right now?” said Sasami.
“I don’t know?” said Washu.  All of a sudden they heard a familiar voice in 
the distance.
“Thank you guys for helping me out,” said Mihoshi as she walked out of a 
store and 5 men carrying boxes and bags followed behind her.
“Mihoshi?” said Washu.
“Oh hiyee Washu!” said Mihoshi.
“What’s up with the guys?” said Ryoko.
“Oh look that girl is even hotter than Mihoshi!” said one of the guys.  They 
dropped all of the boxes and bags and head for Ryoko.  Ryoko took out her 
energy sword and the five guys stopped and turn around running.
“Dumb ass perverts!” said Ryoko as she deactivated her sword.
“Henrii! Would you carry this for me please, please Henrii please!” said 
Mihoshi.
“Fine fine since you are the granddaughter of the commissioner,” said Henrii 
as he started to pickup all the boxes and bags.
“Where is Tenchi and Ayeka?” said Sasami.
“I don’t know, what time is it Henrii,” said Ryoko.
“Its only 5:32 we have only about 4 more hours,” said Henrii as he dropped 
all the boxes and bags.
“Miya!” said Ryo-Ohki.
“Just great!” said Henrii as he started to pickup all the boxes again.  
Funaho and Miaski were walking around the mall.
“I’m hungry Funaho,” said Miaski.
“Same here, Maikeru where can we dine,” said Funaho.
“Umm at the food court?” said Maikeru holding the four bags of clothes.
“Is they’re anywhere else to dine except at the food court Maikeru?” 
questioned Miaski.
“There is a sushi bar on the second floor,” said Maikeru.
“Sushi huh, do you want to go to a sushi bar Miaski?” said Funaho.
“Yeah it probably better than this thing food court,” said Miaski.  They got 
into an elevator and went up the second floor and went into the sushi bar.
“Welcome welcome how many people in your party?” said the maitre ‘d.
“Just three,” said Miaski.
“We are pretty full would you like to eat at the bar?” said the maitre ‘d.
“Sure,” said Miaski.
“Come this way,” said the maitre ’d.
“Come boy lets go,” said Funaho.  The maitre ‘d show them to their seats at 
the bar.  There was a conveyer belt and plates of sushi on top of the 
conveyer belt.
“Wow! Isn’t that cute,” said Miaski.
“Yes cute,” said Funaho.
“Just pick up a plate and eat the sushi and how many plates you have is how 
much you are going to pay, ok,” said the maitre ‘d
“Ok,” said Miaski.  Miaski saw some sashimi and took it.  Funaho waited 
until something look interesting came around.  Maikeru grabbed plates of 
plates of food and started it eat it all.  Funaho heard a laugher coming out 
of a room.
“Hey Miaski I’m going to the restroom, come with me,” said Funaho.
“Alright,” said Miaski as she got up and followed Funaho.  Maikeru was 
pulling plates and plates of food from the conveyer belt like if he never 
eaten before.  Funaho looked in a hole in the room and saw Ryoko laughing 
and drinking sake.  Funaho opened the door a little and Miaski said.
“What are you doing!  Aren’t we going to the bathroom? You know you 
shouldn’t be going inside a private room, Funaho,” said Miaski.
“Don’t worry Ryoko is inside that means that everyone is there,” said Funaho 
as she opened the door.  Funaho saw Ryoko laughing and drunk from all the 
sake she drank.  Washu was sitting on Henrii’s lap and drunk from all the 
sake she drank.  Henrii was all red from Washu sitting on his lap.  Mihoshi, 
Sasami, and Ryo-Ohki were flicking rice at each other and at a wall there 
was a pile of boxes, bags, and a huge teddy bear.
“Hi Lady Funaho and Lady Miaski,” said Henrii.  A piece of rice hit Funaho’s 
face and Mihoshi got up and said.
“Sorry Lady Funaho,” said Mihoshi as she flicked the rice off her face.
“Sasami! How was your shopping!” said Miaski as she gave Sasami a huge hug.
“Great mommy!” said Sasami.  Miaski turned her head and saw Washu on 
Henrii’s lap saying to him.
“Show me your love Henrii,” said an adult Washu smiling and moving her 
finger around on Henrii’s chest.
“Errr,” said Henrii.  Miaski quickly covered Sasami and Ryo-Ohki’s eyes.
“Little Princesses shouldn’t be seeing this,” said Miaski.
“Where is Tenchi and Ayeka?” said Funaho.
“Tenchi?” said Ryoko as she stop laughing and felt that her whole life 
crumbled and saw images of Tenchi kissing Ayeka!  She ran out of the room 
saying.
“I’m coming Tenchi!  Don’t kiss Ayeka please ::hiccup::!”

NO NEED FOR BED SHEETS

“Ayeka where are you?” said Tenchi.  He heard crying in the dressing rooms.  
He went into the dressing room and heard crying.  In the dressing room four 
he thought that Ayeka was there, he knocked on the door.
“Ayeka are you there?” said Tenchi.
“Yes,” said Ayeka.
“Are you ok?” said Tenchi.
“I’m fine,” said Ayeka as opened the door of the dressing room.
“Why did you run away for?” said Tenchi.
“Umm well… you got my chocolates Tenchi do you like it,” said Ayeka trying 
to change the subject.
“Oh yes its great, Ayeka,” said Tenchi as he took one of the chocolates and 
ate it.
“It is?” said Ayeka with a smile.
“Yep,” said Tenchi as he took another.
“Can I have one?” said Ayeka.
“Sure,” said Tenchi as he took one chocolate and fed it to Ayeka.  Ayeka 
blushed as she chewed on the chocolate.
“Its great isn’t it?” said Tenchi.
“Yea,” said Ayeka.  They both sat in the dressing room eating chocolates and 
talked.  Ryoko was running around the mall, drunk looking for Tenchi.
“Where are you there Tenchi ::hiccup::?” said Ryoko as she tried to walk 
straight holding her bottle of sake.
“Look mommy a drunk!” said a little boy as he pointed to Ryoko.
“Shut the hell up you little brat!” said Ryoko.  The boy started to cry and 
ran to his mommy.  Ryoko return to find Tenchi and went in to the department 
store where Tenchi is.  Tenchi and Ayeka were sitting on the floor still 
eating the chocolates.  Tenchi looked at Ayeka with her mouth covered with 
chocolate and looked at Ayeka’s eyes.  Ayeka looked at Tenchi and he all so 
had chocolate covered his face too.  Tenchi put down the box of chocolate on 
the floor and moved closer to Ayeka and Ayeka moved closer to Tenchi.  Just 
about when Tenchi was about to kiss Ayeka, Ryoko said.
“Where are you Tenchi ::hiccup::?” said Ryoko.  Tenchi stopped and look to 
see who is calling his name.
“There you are Tenchi ::hiccup::!” said Ryoko as she took another slip of 
sake.
“Oh hi Ryoko,” said Tenchi.  Ayeka was now really pissed off at Ryoko for 
interrupting them.
“Ah ha ha ha ha ha!” laughed Ryoko as she fell on the floor right in front 
of Tenchi and Ayeka.  Ryoko started to roll around and squashed the box of 
remaining chocolates with her back.
“Umm Ryoko..” said Tenchi.
“What is it Tenchi ::hiccup::?” said Ryoko.
“You are rolling around in our candy!” said Ayeka laughing.
“What?” said Ryoko with a confused look.  She got up took another slip of 
sake and looked onto the floor.  Her eyes opened when she saw chocolate and 
a squashed box on the floor were she rolled around laughing.
“Umm Ryoko you might want to change,” said Tenchi.  Ryoko’s face faulted and 
took one of her fingers and touched her back.
“Damn,” said Ryoko as she teleported out of the dressing room.
“Oh what a mess Ryoko made,” said Ayeka as she stood up and looked at the 
ground.  Ryoko reappear in front of Tenchi in different clothes and holding 
a bag.  She was wearing tight jeans with a short green belly button showing 
T-shirt with a black leather jacket.
“Hi Tenchi!” said Ryoko.
“Err hi Ryoko new clothes?” said Tenchi.
“Yes do you like it?” said Ryoko as she placed her arms around Tenchi.
“Yeah I like it,” said Tenchi.
“::Burp::! Hehehe,” said Ryoko her sake breathe was blown at Tenchi’s face.  
Tenchi’s face turned yellow and his smile became a grin.
“That’s is just disgusting Ryoko,” said Ayeka with her arms crossed 
together.
“So what, Tenchi doesn’t care, right Tenchi?” said Ryoko.
“Hmmm umm,” said Tenchi.
“See Ayeka he doesn’t care,” said Ryoko.  Ayeka pushed Tenchi and Ryoko 
apart.
“Don’t even dare...", said Ayeka as Ryoko interupted her.
“Soon he would be all over me after our date tomorrow, right Tenchi?” said 
Ryoko.
“What date?” said Tenchi.
“Remember the date I setup when you were trying on those ugly clothes Ayeka 
gave you,” said Ryoko.
“They are not ugly they…” said Ryoko as she was interrupted by Tenchi.
“I thought you were trying to ask Henrii for a date?” said Tenchi.
“No, I would never go out with Henrii, and you said ok!” said Ryoko.
“I did?” said Tenchi.
“Tenchi would never go out with a monster like you,” said Ayeka.
“Tenchi you promised!” said Ryoko as she turned around with her hands on her 
face and started to pretend to cry.  Tenchi felt very bad and needed to do 
something to make Ryoko feel better.
“Ok I will go out with you Ryoko,” said Tenchi.  Ryoko turned around and 
hugged Tenchi.
“You will! Oh Tenchi!” said Ryoko.  Ayeka felt her life just flashed at her. 
  She fell on to her knees and placed her hands on her face and started to 
cry.  Tenchi now felt bad for Ayeka and he also needed to make Ayeka feel 
better.
“Ayeka why are you crying?” said Tenchi.
“I’m just upset that you are going with Ryoko,” said Ayeka.
“What did you say Ayeka?” said Tenchi.  As he held Ayeka’s hand.
“I want to…” said Ayeka.  Ryoko pushed them apart.
“Ok ok that was nice now break up you two!” said Ryoko.
“Ouch!” said Ayeka as she got up.  Ryoko grabbed Tenchi’s arm and dragged 
him out of the dressing room.
“Follow me Tenchi,” said Ryoko.  Ayeka followed behind them.  At the 
security office in the mall they were reviewing how in the world Ryoko was 
able to change clothes with undressing.
“That is very odd,” said the first security guard.
“Yeah that girl just walk through that dummy and took its clothes,” said the 
other security guard.
“And look over there she disappears and reappears in the men’s section and 
put some clothes inside that bag,” said the first security guard.
“We better stop her, I think she is shoplifting,” said the second security 
guard.  The first security guard looked at the TV with the camera facing at 
the entrance.
“Hey look she is leaving this store with those clothes!  Looks like she is 
not alone, that guy with short hair hasn’t paid for those clothes he is 
wearing!” said the first guard.  He picks up a microphone and said.
“This is the home please report in.”
“We hear you,” said another security guard.
“There is a girl with light blue hair wearing a leather jacket and jeans.”
“Alright.”
“You must stop her she just shoplift.”
“Ok.”
“She is with a man with short hair and a pony tail and a girl with long 
purple hair.”
“Understood.”
“They are leaving this store you better get her now!” said the first 
security guard.  At the restaurant Washu fell off of Henrii lap and started 
to sleep on the floor.
“Is Washu asleep?” said Miaski.  Henrii poked at Washu and replied.
“Yep, Washu asleep.”
“Well help her up, she shouldn't be sleeping on the floor, it’s dirty,” said 
Funaho.
“Ok,” said Henrii as he pickup Washu and place her back in her chair.  
Funaho looked at the huge teddy bear and asked.
“Who owns that bear?”
“Washu does,” said Henrii.
“Yeah, Henrii gave it to her after the owner in the store squeezed Henrii's 
butt,” said Sasami.
“What?” said Miaski.
“The owner of a toy store said that she would give Henrii a huge teddy bear 
if she could squeeze Henrii’s butt,” said Sasami again.
“Oh,” said Miaski.  The door of the room opened and Ryoko looked inside.
“Hey,” said Ryoko.
“Hey Ryoko!” said Mihoshi.  Ryoko went inside with Tenchi and Ayeka followed 
behind them.
“Oh how is your shopping Ayeka,” said Miaski as she stood up and was ready 
for a hug.
“Fine,” said Ayeka sitting down with her hands on her checks.
“Are you ok dear?  You didn’t give mommy a hug,” said Miaski.
“I will do that later,” said Ayeka.
“Umm I think we should get ready to go now,” said Henrii.
“Yeah I want to go back home,” said Tenchi.
“Same here,” said Sasami.
“Miya,” said Sasami
“I don’t want to leave!” said Mihoshi.
“Aren’t you tired Mihoshi?” said Henrii.
“Nope not at all!” said Mihoshi.  Henrii placed his finger on his head and 
said softly.
“I’m so tired lets’ go home.”  Mihoshi all of a sudden said to all of them.
“I’m so tired let’s go home.”
“Good idea Mihoshi lets go home,” said Henrii.
“Yes we are a bit tired right, Funaho,” said Miaski.
“Yes, very tired,” said Funaho.
“Well then lets go and pay the bill,” said Tenchi.  Henrii woke up Washu.
“What is it,” said Washu in a grumpy way.
“We are leaving Washu,” said Henrii as he got up and started to pickup all 
the boxes and bags.  Washu got off her chair and pickup her teddy bear.
“Hey Tenchi,” said Henrii.
“What is it?” said Tenchi.
“Here catch!” said Henrii as he tossed some boxes to Tenchi.
“Whoa there!” said Tenchi as he got all the boxes.
“Nice catch, come on lets go,” said Henrii.  As they were exiting the room 
Funaho just remember about their bags with Maikeru.
“Oh Miaski, don’t forget about the bags with Maikeru,” said Funaho.
“Oh yes I will get it,” said Miaski.  Miaski went to the sushi bar and sees 
Maikeru talking to a girl and piles of plates.
“Yeah don’t worry I’m not going to pay for all this,” said Maikeru looking 
at to the girl with his eyes.
“Oh why?” said the girl looking at his eyes.
“Because there are two old ladies who are freaking rich.”
“Oh.”
“So what are you doing this evening huh?”
“Well nothing really,” said the girl as Miaski picks up the bags on the 
floor and left the restaurant to catch up with Tenchi and the others.
“Give that to Tenchi,” said Henrii as was pointing to Tenchi.
“Here you go Tenchi,” said Miaski as she gave him the four bags.
“Did everybody get what they wanted,” said Tenchi.
“No! I mean yes!” said Mihoshi.  Tenchi looked back at Henrii and sees him 
looking at the ceiling and humming a song.  All of a sudden Tenchi stops 
walking and said.
“Oh yeah I almost forgot to get bed sheets,” said Tenchi as he placed down 
the boxes and bags that he was carrying and looked around for a lien store.  
He sees a lien store not so far away from him and hurries off.
“Wait for me Tenchi!” said Ryoko running behind Tenchi
“Wait for me Lord Tenchi!” said Ayeka as she followed behind them.
“Should we follow them?” said Sasami.
“Miya miya,” said Ryo-Ohki.
“Let’s go Ryo-Ohki,” said Sasami as they headed off for the lien store.
“Should we follow them or just wait outside for them?” said Miaski.
“Well I’m just going to stay here for them, because I’m not going to carry 
all of this,” said Henrii looking at the boxes and bags.
“I will stay here too,” said Washu.
“I would like to see what’s inside that store,” said Funaho
“Same here I will go with you too!” said Mihoshi.  Miaski, Funaho, and 
Mihoshi went to the lien store.
“So Henrii…” said Washu as she was talking as a bunch of schoolgirls walked 
passed Henrii and Washu and blew kisses at Henrii.
“Get away! Get away from him!” cried out Washu.  The schoolgirls ran out 
laughing and giggling.
“You didn’t have to scare them Washu,” said Henri.
“Well its just that… umm that I don’t want anyone to take you,” said Washu.
“What do you mean?” said Henrii confused.
“I… think that those girls are not for you,” said Washu.
“Oh, oh ok I see what you mean,” said Henrii.
“You like me right Henrii?” said Washu.
“Yes, you have a little place in my heart like everybody else I know,” said 
Henrii as he placed his hands on Washu’s shoulders.
“Oh Henrii!” said Washu as she hugged Henrii extremely tight.
“Oh the world is getting darker,” said Henrii.

NO NEED FOR JAIL TIME

Ayeka and Ryoko are fighting over which color Tenchi’s bed sheet should be.
“Purple is royal just like Tenchi!” said Ayeka.
“Purple is gay!  Red and black is a better color than purple,” said Ryoko
“Purple is not gay!  It represent royalty and power!  Tenchi would love it!  
Red and black means anger and death!” said Ayeka.
“Oh yeah, so what!  Tenchi do you like this color purple?” said Ryoko.
“Umm it’s a good color,” said Tenchi as he was browsing around for the 
perfect color for himself.
“See what did I told you!” said Ayeka.
“Tenchi you like red and black right?” said Ryoko.
“Umm it’s a good color,” said Tenchi as pulled something out of the selves.
“Miya miya?” said Ryo-Ohki.
“I decided to go with white,” said Tenchi.
“White!?” said Ryoko and Ayeka as their face faulted.
“Yep white,” said Tenchi as he went up to the counter.
“White is a good color Tenchi,” said Miaski.
“Yeah,” said Tenchi.  Ryoko teleported right in front of Tenchi.
“Tenchi you like my taste right?” said Ryoko.
“Yeah.”
“You like what I’m wearing right?”
“Yeah.”
“And you do you like what you are wearing that Ayeka picked out for you.”
“What?” said Tenchi.  All of a sudden he remember that he never paid for it.
“Do you like it?” said Ayeka.
“I never paid for it! Oh no! What happens if the police comes to take me 
away!” said Tenchi.
“You mean you might go to jail!” said Ayeka.
“I better return this quickly,” said Tenchi as he placed his chosen bed 
sheet color on the counter.
“That would be 39,936 yen please,” said the clerk.
“Here you go!” said Tenchi as he flopped the money on the counter and 
grabbed his bed sheet and he headed for the door.
“Do you want your receipt and change?” asked the clerk.
“No, and keep the chan….” Said Tenchi as he collided with a security guard.
“Watch were you are going kid...” said the first security guard as he looked 
down at Tenchi.
“Hey isn’t he that kid,” said the other security guard.
“Yeah he is! Get him!” said first security guard as they both grabbed Tenchi 
and wrestled him down to the floor.
“Hey what are you doing! I can explain! Help! Help!” cried out Tenchi.
“Tenchi?” said Ryoko and saw two security guards on Tenchi.
“Lord Tenchi?” said Ayeka as she turned around and also saw two security 
guards on Tenchi.  Ryoko quickly teleported to Tenchi and Ayeka ran to 
Tenchi.  Ryoko teleport behind of the guards and kicked him in his rear.  
Ayeka ran up to the other guard and started to punch him all over.  Tenchi 
got back up and Ryoko grabbed his arm and ran out of the store and Ayeka 
quickly followed behind them.
“Stop them!” said the second security guard.  Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko ran 
and ran till they were stop by a group of police and one of the police fired 
a strange weapon at them.  Green ooze spilled out from this weapon and 
trapping Ayeka, Ryoko, and Tenchi.
“Oh no we are stuck!” said Ayeka.
“Ahhhh!” said Tenchi.
“Must get out of this slime!” said Ryoko.
“This new experimental weapon is great, huh?” said one of the police 
officer.
“Yep trap them like a fly to fly paper.” Said the officer holding the new 
weapon.  Sasami, Funaho, Miaski, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki exited the lien store 
and saw Tenchi and Ayeka being carried off by the police.  They also saw 
Ryoko who was dragged by ten police out of the mall.  Sasami picked up 
Tenchi's bed sheet which was on the floor.
“We have to do something!” said Miaski.
“Yes, but what?” said Mihoshi.
“Henrii! Washu! Get over here!” said Miaski.  Henrii and Washu ran to Miaski 
and Henrii asked.
“What going on?” questioned Henrii.
“Those people over there took my Ayeka and Tenchi!  Oh yeah, they also took 
Ryoko.  You got to do something Henrii!” said Miaski.
“What should we do?” said Washu.
“Follow them!” said Funaho.  All of them went outside while Henrii pickup 
all the boxes, bags, and the huge teddy bear.  When all of them were outside 
they were looking for Tenchi Henrii said.
“Where are they?”
“I don’t know?” said Sasami.
“Miya!” said Ryo-Ohki.
“We should go back to the van to find Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka,” said Washu.
“Good idea!” said Henrii as they went back inside the mall and headed for 
the parking lot.  When they got there Henrii waited for the girls to get 
there.  When all the girls arrived at the bridge Henrii asked them.
“Do you remember where Tenchi’s van is?”
“Its on the very top of this parking lot,” said Miaski.
“Ok,” said Henrii as they all entered the elevator.  When the elevator 
arrived at the top floor Mihoshi pointed out the van in the parking lot.
“It’s over there Henrii,” said Mihoshi.  Henrii went to the door and tried 
to open it.
“Damn it how can we get in!” said Henrii rigorously trying to opening the 
door.
“I think you need a key to open the door,” said Funaho.
“Do anyone got the keys to this van,” said Henrii.
“Nope,” said Miaski.
“Not me,” said Sasami.
“Nopey,” said Mihoshi.
“Miya!” said Ryo-Ohki
“Damn! Oh well so I will improvise!” said Henrii as placed down all the 
bags, boxes, and the huge teddy bear and he smashed the window of the front 
door and unlocked all the doors.  He pickup all the boxes, bags, and the 
huge bear and opened the trunk of the van.  Henrii threw it all in the back 
and shut the trunk door.  He hoped onto the driver’s seat and Washu was in 
the passenger seat.
“Everybody in the van?” asked Henrii.
“Yep,” said Sasami as she closed the sliding door of the van.
“Let’s go and save Tenchi!” said Henrii as he placed his foot on the pedal.  
The van stood there in the parking lot.
“Umm Henrii, I think you need to turn on the engine first,” said Washu.
“Oh yeah good idea,” said Henrii.
“Do you know how to drive Henrii?” questioned Washu.
“Of course!  I can drive that has an engine, you know what, I think  we have 
a key to start this baby up,” said Henrii as he grabbed the plastic that 
protected the ignition and pulled it right off.  He turned the ignition with 
his own hand and the engine roars.
“Let’s go!” said Henrii as he place his foot on the pedal again.  The van 
still didn’t move.
“Umm Henrii I think you need to change gears,” said Washu.
“Oh yeah I forgot,” said Henrii as he moved the gear to reverse and pushed 
the gas pedal.  The van move so fast that he hit the car behind them.
“Did I also say that I’m a bit rusty?” said Henrii as he gave a grim smile 
and the girls face faulted.  Henrii changed gear to drive and left the 
parking lot at great speeds.  The raced down the streets of busy Tokyo.
“Do you know where is they kept Tenchi at?” said Henrii.
“I don’t know,” said Washu.
“I think we should ask somebody,” said Henrii.  Henrii was able to dodge 
cars, trucks, traffic lights, and even people.  All of a sudden they heard a 
siren behind the van.
“Oh no its the people who took Tenchi!” said Mihoshi.
“Well they ain’t going to take me!” said Henrii as he accelerated the van.  
In jail Tenchi was lucky enough to have Ryoko and Ayeka as his jail cell 
buddies.  Ayeka was crying on the bed and Tenchi sat next to her.  Ryoko was 
glued to the floor of the cell by the green ooze.
“Oh boy now I’m going to have a criminal file on my transcripts,” said 
Tenchi as he placed his hand on his face.
“Its not all that bad Tenchi,” said Ryoko.
“My life is almost in ruins!” said Tenchi.  Ayeka was crying very loud and 
Tenchi said to her.
“What’s the matter?”
“I this jail cell is all dirty and this is not a good day!” said Ayeka.  All 
of a sudden the policeman came in and said.
“Looks like you are going to have some more people in here with you.”
“Really?” said Tenchi.
“Yep!” said the policeman as he brought in Henrii, Sasami, Ryo-Ohki, Washu, 
Miaski, and Funaho.
“Hey Tenchi!  I told you guys we will find him!” said Henrii as he gave 
smile to all of them and the girls’ face faulted.

End of Part VIII
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Any questions or comments please e-mail me at Hlok@hotmail.com
There is more to come!  I have a website so you can go in here to take a 
look:  http://homepages.msn.com:4890/StageSt/hlok/