When Two Worlds Collide
Chapter 3 - Where's Misao and Rumiya?
Written By: Angela Nebedum

        A while later, Sammy sat in the living room of the Masaki home drinking tea
and eating some cookies while Washu and the other explained to her on how they
had found  her and Ryo-ohki. Sammy kept Ryo-ohki by her side while he still
slept peacefully on a pillow the others had given her to place him on.
        "... And our Ryo-ohki found the two of you outside our home in the carrot
patch..." Washu explained excitedly, when Sammy interupts her.
        "So what all of you are saying is that I'm stuck in another dimension where
all of you are different from the way that I know you as?" asked Sammy  as she
stares across the table at Washu, her eyes moving towards Sasami as she
speaks.
        Washu smiles at Sammy's ability to grasp what had happened, that she missed
seeing Sammy's glance at Sasami. "Right Sasami! Right now all I need to do is
work on trying to find a way to send you and Ryo-ohki back to your own world."
        "Okay, sensei." Sammy says as she bows respectfully to Washu.
        Washu sweatdrops and looks uncomfortable before speaking up. "One thing that
we must get straight my dear while your here with us. Pleasedon't call me
'sensei'. I'm a scientist not a teacher. You may call me 'Little' Washu."
        Sammy looks at Washu in surprise. "Your just like my universes Washu. When
we're not on campus you let us call you Washu, but when we are at school you
make us call you sensei. I guess it's become more of a habit. All of you are
like my friends back home, except all of you, including myself, are..." Sammy
stops talking as tears begin to well up in her eyes once more.
        "It's alright Sasami-chan." Mihoshi says as she places her arms gently around
Sammy's shoulders to give her a small hug. "Washu'll find a way to get you
home, right Washu?"
        "Yes, and while you are here you won't have to worry about being homesick or
lonely, because we'll be here for you if you need us, Sasami." Ayeka says from
her place next to Washu.
        Sasami stared at Sammy with a look of joy on her face at the thought of
having someone her own age around to talk with, especially someone who looked
exactly like her. "You could be Ayeka and mine new sister while your here.
People would get us mixed up because we look so much alike one another."
        "You know that is another thing that we must discuss, Sasami." Washu says as
she gets everyone's attention back on her.
        "Like what Washu?" Sammy asked as she rubbed her eyes.
        "What shall we call you, Sasami?" Washu asked as she points towards Sammy.
"We can't call both of you Sasami. It would get too complicated. How would the
two of you know if we were calling for one or the other. And that goes for
your cabbit too."
        "I quite agree. It would get too confusing." Ayeka said as she looked between
Sammy and Sasami. "Do you have any ideas as to what name you would like to be
called while you are staying with us, Sasami?"
        "Well you could call me by my nickname. I go by Sammy some times back home."
Sammy says as she stares at everyone.
        Washu nods her head in approval. "Sammy it is then. And we could call this
little guy Ryo for short." She adds as she bends over to pick up Ryo-ohki's
sleeping form.
        "Myaa! Myaa! Myaaaaa!" Ryo-ohki chimed in as she leaps into Washu's lap to
look up at Ryo.
        "Calm down Ryo-ohki. He'll talk to you whenever he wakes up, and not before
then." Ryoko says as she glares at Ryo-ohki.
        "Myaa.." Ryo-ohki meow's unhappily as she leaps away from Washu and goes
towards Sammy and climbs into her lap, Sammy's hand reaches down automatically
to pet the small cabbit.
        Sasami laughs at what  Ryo-ohki does and explains, "I think Ryo-ohki wants to
keep you company and make sure that your not unhappy until Ryo wakes up,
Sammy."
        "Ryo's is going to be surprised, that's for sure." Sammy says quietly while
picking up Ryo's form, and cradling him close to her body. *Come on Ryo-okki,
wake up! Please.* Sammy thought quietly to herself.

*************

        As they talked, Yosho, Noboyuki, and Tenchi sat outside on  the porch,
listening to the girls talk with Sammy as they also spoke quietly with one
another about that day's events.
        "So Tenchi. She's from another world that is exactly like ours except
different in some ways?" Yosho asked.
        "Yeah grandpa.. Sammy told us that in her world all of us, me and the other
girls including Sammy herself are completely human. The only thing that is the
same in her world and ours is, besides the lack of powers, is that we act the
same way that her worlds version of us does. And I'm her older brother."
Tenchi said as he looked back over at the girls.
        "Your sister? I would have never thought that I would see you with a sister,
Tenchi." Noboyuki says. "What will all of you do until Washu finds a way of
sending Sammy back to her own world?"
        Tenchi looked over at his father before speaking. "Dad, I don't know. The
girls and I can help her adjust to living here and with us until that time
comes when she can go home."
        Yosho nods his head in agreement to what Tenchi says. "For all any of us may
know, young Miss Kawaii may be stuck here for the rest of her life, Noboyuki.
But if she is trapped here she will at least have friends who care about her."

*************

        Ryo pulled himself up and out of the darkness that seemed to be all around
him. As his consciousness slowly began to wake up, he heard the sound of
familiar voices around him, along with what sounded like Sasami's voice
talking from two different places.
        Ryo's ears twitched as he tried to open his eyes.
        "Hey! I think Ryo's beginning to wake up." Mihoshi's voice could be heard
shouting out.
        "Calm down Mihoshi. We don't want to scare him when he wakes up." Kiyone's
voice says sharply to her partner.
        "Sorry..." Mihoshi whined.
        Then Sammy's voice could be heard throughout the onslaught of voices that he
heard, his mind locking only on her voice. "Ryo? Are you awake? Come on and
wake up please?"
        *Sasami?* Ryo thought to himself as he slowly forced his eyes open to stare
into the light and at the figures around him. He looked around and sees Sasami
sitting nearby, and was about to say something when he realized that they were
not alone.
        "Meow?" Ryo said as he looked around in surprise at seeing all the girls
around them. *What are they doing here? Did the vortex somehow send us home? I
won.* Ryo wondered silently to himself when he suddenly  almost jumped out of
his skin when he heard Sammy's voice coming from behind him.
        "Ryo-ohki are you okay? Does anything hurt anywhere?" Sammy asked insistantly
but stopped when Ryo turned surprised eyes in her direction, as he realized
that she was sitting behind him.
        Ryo looked first at Sammy then back at Sasami, trying to figure out if he
really was seeing two Sasami's when, all of a sudden, Ryo-ohki leaps up to the
pillow where he laid and miaowed a greeting to him. Seeing the female Ryo-ohki
caused Ryo to freak out and he let out a startled yelp and leaped all the way
up in the air.
        Before any of the girls could react, Ryo leaped into Sammy's lap, to stare
fixedly at the other cabbit before him, as Ryo-ohki miaowed at him, completely
confused at the reaction she had recieved from the other cabbit, as she placed
her paws on Sammy's lap to stare down at Ryo, who was glaring at her from his
spot and hissing and snarling at her.
        Sammy's hands reach into her lap to pluck Ryo out and she lifted him up so
that they were staring face to face with each other. "Ryo, calm down." She
notices Ryo raising an eyebrow at his new name, but continued on. "These are
friends, and not a trick. I'll tell you later, okay?"
        Ryo looks uncertain, but nods his head, miaowing in answer to what she had
just told him, planning on getting more from her later.

        Washu and the others watched the exchange silently surprised at the reaction
that Ryo had shown to all of them, but were more stunned at his reaction to
Ryo-Ohki.
        *I think that she's holding something back from us, Washu.* Ryoko told Washu
mentally.
        Washu turned her attention slightly to Ryoko while keeping her eyes on Sammy
and Ryo. *I know Ryoko, but we can not force her to give out information that
she may not be willing to give us. But I would like to find out more about her
own world.*
        *And what about that power spike your machines scanned off of her? Do you
think that she may be a threat to all of us.* Ryoko demanded impatiently.
        Washu shook her head at Ryoko, before answering. *I do not believe so, Ryoko.
If she was, then she would have done something to all of us by now. All signs
point to the fact that Sammy is just like our Sasami in all ways except that
she's human.* Washu momentarily turned her head in Sammy's direction once
more. *But I would also do some tests on her and her cabbit to be sure of
that.*

        As Ryoko and Washu spoke to each other, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Kiyone
were all gathered around Sammy petting and stroking Ryo, when the men come
back into the room and sit down.
        Yosho was the first to speak. "Hello Miss Kawaii. My name is Yosho Jurai,
Tenchi's grandfather and proprietor of this shrine. I welcome you to our home,
and I hope that you will be comfortable until your return home."
        "And I am Noboyuki Masaki, Sammy. I hope that you do not mind the confusion
that may go on here, between the other girls and my son."
        Noboyuki looks up and sees the glares from all the women in the room after
making that comment. Tenchi sits in between his father and grandfather, and
sweatdrops as the conversation goes on.
        "It couldn't be any wierder around here than back home. In my world there are
two fighters always fighting each other, who call themselves Pretty Sammy and
Pixy... Mi..sa." Sammy stands up immediatley in shock as she remembered Pixy
Misa and Rumiya hadn't been there when she had awoken.

        "Sammy, what is it?" Ayeka asked as she watched Sammy stand up abruptly.
        Sammy stared at the others, a look of horror on her face as, "Guys we got to
go back outside and look around. There was someone else with me and Ryo when
we were pulled into this universe. It's another girl around my age, with a
purple hawk with her. We must have gotten seperated during the fall!"
        "Somebody else came here with you?" Tenchi asked, his tone concerned as he
watched Sammy begin to pace the room.
        "Why didn't you tell us this before, Sammy?!" Ryoko demanded.
        "I just remembered now! I forgot about her after finding out about all of
this." Sammy snapped back at Ryoko angrily.
        "Well we'll go look for them now before it gets too late outside. We don't
want them to freeze out there now do we?" Yosho says as he stands back up and
begins to head toward the front door, followed by the others.

        Sammy stood up to follow them out the door, with Ryo held in her hands, when
she felt hands on her shoulders holding her back. She turns her head around to
see Ayeka and Sasami behind her.
        "Where do you think your going, young lady?" Ayeka asked gently.
        Sammy pulled her arm out Ayeka's grip, "I'm going with them to look for Misa,
of course."
        "Not dressed like that your not. Your not completely recovered from your
ordeal, and you need a change of clothes and a bath, since the clothes you are
wearing now are dirty." Ayeka says, as she takes a firm grip on Sammy's arm
and starts to pull her away, with Sasami and Ryo-ohki following behind.
        "You can wear my clothes, Sammy." Sasami offered as they walked through the
hallway. "They should fit you, since we look a like."
        "But..." Sammy protested as she stared over her shoulder as the others left
the house to head into the fields. "But I need to..."
        "The others will handle everything, Sammy. Don't worry about it." Ayeka said,
as she and Sasami pulled Sammy into one of the bed rooms and shut the door.

*************

        Misao began to wake up, feeling cold and wet and miserble, her entire body
was filled with pain when she tried to move. As her eyes open, she finds
herself staring at the darkening afternoon sky outlined by trees and sat up,
to look at her surroundings, to find herself lying against a large tree
surrounded by a lake.
        "Oh my... Where am I?" Misao wondered out loud. "This doesn't look like
Tokyo. Or any of the parks... oh!"  As Misao looked around her eyes stopped on
the motionless form of a young boy wearing strange clothing around her age who
was lying on his stomach a few feet away.
        Misao stands up and moves over to the boy, and kneals in front of him and
turns him over on to his back. The boy is revealed to be Rumiya, now in his
human form. She checks him for a pulse and to see if he was still breathing
and found both, and lets out a sigh of relief.
        Rumiya lets out a groan as his eyes fly open to stare up into Misao's
relieved face, as he places his left hand on his head "What hit me? Where am
I" Rumiya asked as he stared at her. "And who are you?"
        Misao smiled at him as she help him up into a sitting position. "I don't know
where we are, or what happened to you. My name's Misao. What's yours?"
        Rumiya's stared at Misao as he opened his mouth to answer her question, only
to close his mouth and his eyes closed as if he were trying to think of
something.
        "What's wrong?" Misao asked in concerned tones. "Are you okay?"
        Rumiya's eyes stared at Misao once more, as a look of terror appeared on his
young face. "I... I... don't remember. I can't remember what my name is."
Rumiya said, panic etched into his voice.
        "You don't? Whatever happened to us must have caused you to get amnesia."
Misao said as she  reached out for Rumiya. "I wonder how did we get here
anyway? I don't recognize any of this." she said as she once more looked
around the lake. "How will we get out of here anyway?"
        Rumiya looked around too, and his eyes stopped on a stone path that cut
across the water leading towards the shoreline, and stands up to point. "Why
don't we take that path to the shore? It looks like it's the only way back."
        Misao looked in the direction that Rumiya pointed out. "Your right. Let's go
then." She says as she takes off at a run and runs across the stones.
        "Hey wait up Misao!" Rumiya cried out as he too took off at a run and ran
across the stepping stones. As he runs, his foot slips and he starts to fall
over to one side. "Whoah!! No!" Rumiya cries out as he flails his hands around
as he began to fall into lake.
        All of a sudden a pair of arms appear from nowhere and lift him into the air
saving him from getting soaked.
        "Don't you know that it's unhealthy for children to be playing by the lake?"
A familiar voice asked as Rumiya was deposited on the bank next to Misao. The
two children look back to see the floating form of Ryoko behind them, smiling
like a cat.
        "Thank you for helping me. Who are you? And how can you fly like that?"
Rumiya asked as he stared at Ryoko, not noticing the stunned expression on
Misao's face as she stared at Ryoko. Before Ryoko could say anything Misao
spoke up.
        "Ryoko?!" Misao cried out in surprise.
        Ryoko's eyes drew back in a surprised frown as she stared at Misao in
surprise. "Yeah, kid. That's my name. How do you know it?"
        "Misao? You know who this is?" Rumiya asked.
        "Yes, I know who she is. She's one of the upperclassman of my school." Misao
said as she stared at Ryoko as shocked surprise spread on her face. "But since
when can you fly, Ryoko-san?"
        Ryoko stared at Misao a few moments. *I found her, then? She's the one that
Sammy was worried about? But I thought Sammy said that her name was Misa, not
Misao? Well I guess it's practically the same name, if you take off the "o" at
the end.* Ryoko thought silently to herself as she landed in front of them.
        "Misao is it?" Ryoko asked, then continued when Misao nodded. "I am not the
Ryoko that you know. But I am a friend. Sammy sent me to look for you out
here, after the others and I had found her earlier."
        "What do you mean that your not the Ryoko that I know?" Misao asked, still
stunned, then she realized what Ryoko had just said "Sammy is here? Where is
she? Is she all right?"
        "She's fine. She's back at the house that's up that hill."  Ryoko said
calmly, before turning her attention on Rumiya. "Now who are y--" Ryoko's
words end when she hears noise coming from somewhere in the distance.
        Footsteps can be heard, and they all turn around to see Tenchi and the others
appear from behind.
        *Is this the girl that Sammy was worried about before? Who is the other one?*
Washu asked Ryoko telepathically.
        *Yeah, Washu. This is her. But I don't know who the boy is yet.* Ryoko
snapped back telepathically. *She seems to have the same memories about us
that Sammy does.*
        Washu nods, and moves over to Misao and Rumiya, and have them sit down, as
she takes out a first aid kit. "Okay children. Tell me if you are hurting
anywhere. And how do you feel?" Washu asked as she checks them both out.
        "I'm fine sensei." Misao starts to say, her eyes turning towards Rumiya, and
missing Washu's grimmace at being called sensei. "But I think that you should
check out him. He can't remember anything."
        An intrigued look appeared on Washu, as she turned her attention on Rumiya.
"Is that true? You can't remember anything?"
        Rumiya simply nodded his head in answer to Washu's question. "I woke up on
the other side of the lake, with Misao, and I can't remember anything. I can't
remember who I am, or where I come from, or anything else for that matter."
Rumiya says unhappily.
        "Well I can help you regain your memories if you will let me, or you could
wait until your memory comes back on their own." Washu says.
        "I would like to wait until they come back on their own." Rumiya says, when a
slight breeze comes up, and both Rumiya and Misao shiver slightly from the
cold.
        Mihoshi jumps at the chance of pointing this out. "You guys.. Don't you think
that we should take them back to the house, before they get sick or
something?"
        Kiyone reaches out a hand to touch Misao's shoulder, and her hand comes back
cold and wet. "The two of you are soaking wet! We better get you into some dry
clothes, and some food into your stomachs."
        Tenchi reaches out a hand to help Misao back up to her feet, "Come on. The
house is this way." He said as they led the way back to the house.
        "Thanks Tenchi-san." Misao said as they walked.

*************

        Inside the house, after a lengthy bath, Ayeka and Sasami had Sammy dressed up
in one of Sasami's outfits, and sitting in front of a mirror, while Sasami did
her hair.
        "I've always wanted to have someone around that was my own age." Sasami said
excitedly as brushed out Sammy's hair. "But I never thought that there would
be someone that looked exactly like me out there."
        "That goes double for me, Sasami." Ayeka said as she prepared a bed for Sammy
in one of the guestrooms. "I didn't think that it was possible either."
        Sammy had remained silent during the conversation for awhile before jumping
in. "I always thought that I was one of a kind. I never dreamed that I would
meet you guys. All of you are exactly the way you are in my world, except that
your not even human. And I'm a princess to boot in this world. This is just
like that gaijin tv show, 'Sister, Sister'."
        Ryo was lying down on the table that was in front of Sammy, watching what was
going on. The shock of that days events starting to faded away, while Ryo-ohki
cuddled against him, purring.
        Sasami and Ayeka share a look before turning their attention back on Sammy.
"Sammy, would you like your hair tied up in a braid for tonight?" Ayeka asked
as she sat down next to Sammy and Sasami.
        "Sure." Sammy said as she sat back in the chair. Within moments Ayeka and
Sasami begin work on putting Sammy's hair up. "Thanks for being nice to me you
guys."
        "Your welcome Sammy." Ayeka said.
        "Yeah, Sammy. We would do this for anyone. It's the only way for us to make
friends around here." Sasami said.
        As they finished Sammy's hair, they hear the sound of the front door opening
then slamming shut downstairs.
        "We're back! And we found them." Tenchi calls out as he puts away his jacket
and takes off his shoes.
        Sammy picks up Ryo and places him on her shoulder, then rushes downstairs,
and sees Misao and Rumiya standing in the doorway behind Tenchi. The other
girls behind them.
        "Misao! What are you doing here? How did you get here?" Sammy cries out as
she rushes forward to embrace her friend in a hug. "Are you all right?"
        "Sammy what's going on? Where are we? Why is everybody acting so wierd, and
since when can Ryoko fly?" Misao asked, completely unsettled by what she had
seen so far.
        Sammy tried to comfort her friend the best way she could. "It's okay Misao.
I'll explain later, okay? Now who's this..." Sammy began as she looked over at
Rumiya, noticing him for the first time. "RUMIYA!!" Sammy shouts out.
        Rumiya blinks at Sammy in surprise. "Rumiya? Is that my name? You know who I
am?" he asked.
        "Of course I know who you are. What's wrong with you?" Sammy demanded.
        Washu stepped in to explain. "Sammy, Rumiya as you call him is suffering from
a traumatic cerebral disorder that is causing him to experience memory
lapses." Washu says then she notices the blank looks she was recieving.
        "Huh?" Sammy asked, a sweatdrop rolling down the back of her head.
        "I think that what Washu means is that Rumiya is suffering from amnesia,
Sammy." Ryoko volunteered while shooting her 'mother' a dirty look.
        Sammy stared at Rumiya in pure horror, as Rumiya just silently stared back at
her, his eyes meeting hers, showing no sign of recognition in their depths.
"Amnesia? Is there anyway of getting the memories back?"
        "They will come back on their own Sammy, and it will only be a matter of time
before they do." Washu added.
        Sammy paled then looked at Ryo who was still perched on her shoulder, who
looked angry.
        "Well we need to get these two cleaned up, then off to bed with all of you."
Ayeka said, as she and Tenchi led Misao and Rumiya off in seperate directions
        Ryo had had just about enough when he hears that Rumiya has"But he's got to
remember who he is!" Ryo nearly shouted outloud. "We have to find a way of
getting back ho...me..." Ryo realized what he had just done, and looked around
to see everyone in the room was now staring at him in shock.
        "Ummm... Meow?" Ryo tried feebly.
        Mihoshi was the first to break the silence as she moved closer to Sammy to
stare face to face with Ryo. "You can talk?" she asked.
        "How is that possible? Cabbits can't talk. What few words they do know how to
say in english are barely audible sometimes." Washu exclaims.
        Everyone turned their startled eyes to look at Sammy, who was glaring at a
blushing Ryo.

To Be Continued....