When Two Worlds Collide
Chapter 2 - Awakening to A New World
Story Idea By: Angela Nebedum
Co-Written By: Steve R.

        Ayeka, Ryoko and Mihoshi had quickly gathered in Washu's extra-dimensional
laboratory.  Their pint-sized 'resident scientist' was busily examining the
two latest arrivals to the Masaki household--a small, blue-haired girl and a
tiny, brown-furred cabbit, who seemed to be exact duplicates of Ayeka's little
sister and her pet!  The pair now lay side by side, sound asleep, on a pair of
examination tables, while Washu's devices ran every test she could think of.
        "It's incredible!"  Mihoshi whispered, while she checked the child over for
any possible injuries.  "She looks just like you, Sasami!"
        Sasami herself stood next to her elder sister, staring at the child on the
exam table, unable to take her eyes off of this other version of...herself!
"It's like I'm looking in a mirror...and my reflection just came to life!
Is...is she going to be all right?"  Sasami asked anxiously.
        "Hush, Sasami!"  Ayeka tried to reassure her sister.  "Washu and Mihoshi know
what they're doing...Well, Washu should, anyway.  Let them do their work."
        "Patience, little one.  I'm almost finished."
        "Washu?"  Mihoshi called out.  "She doesn't seem to be seriously hurt."
        "Good!"  Washu replied as she worked on her computer.  Her fingers danced
over the keyboard as twin scanners ran over the sleeping forms of Sammy and
Ryo-Oki.  "I'm finding nothing wrong inside, either."  Washu studied her
computer's display screens as a pair of DNA patterns appeared.  "Hmmmmm."  The
small redhead frowned for a few moments, and then clapped her hands.  Her
computer keyboard instantly vanished, disappearing back into the same
dimensional pocket she had originally retrieved it from.  "Well, I'm done!
Mihoshi?  Clean them up as best you can, and let them sleep.  They'll wake up
on their own, when they're ready."
        "Sure thing, Washu!"  The new arrivals had been found after what seemed to be
a hard landing in the nearby carrot patch.  The tall, tan blonde smiled as she
bent over Sammy with a damp washcloth, and began to clean her smudged face.
Taking a moment to caress the child's hair, Mihoshi thought, "It's the same
color as Sasami's...It even feels the same!"
        "Well, Miss Washu?  What can you tell us?  Who is this Sasami lookalike?"
        Washu stared at the others for a moment, sighed, and confessed.  "I really
don't know, Ayeka."
        "You...don't know?!?"  Ryoko couldn't help smirking.  "The self-proclaimed
'greatest mind in the universe' actually doesn't know?"  The blue-haired
demoness loved to tease, and Washu was one her favorite targets...next to
Ayeka and Tenchi, of course.
        Washu, however, proved ready for the occasion.  "They say there's a first
time for everything...daughter!" the redhead needled.  "Like you calling me,
'Mother,' for instance..."
        "IN YOUR DREAMS!!!"  Ryoko snarled.  She hated to admit that Washu had
anything to do with her 'creation,' and would only acknowledge the fact under
the most extreme of circumstances.  Washu and her 'daughter' got along about
as well as Ryoko and Ayeka did, which wasn't all that well---a fact that was
very well known to the rest of the Masaki family.
        "Hey, you guys!"  Mihoshi hissed from the exam table, where she was now
cleaning Sammy's arms.  "Keep it down!  You'll wake her!"
        "Ryoko, please?"  Sasami pleaded.  "Not now!"
        Ryoko patted Sasami's head, managed a smile, and backed down.  "Sorry,
honeybunch.  I promise I'll behave."  Ryoko and Ayeka shared at least one
common bond--Sasami.  Their mutual love for the little girl often kept them
from each other's throats.  That, and the fact that Sasami was easily the best
cook in the house, and would often threaten not to feed them if they didn't
keep the peace!
        "As I was about to say," Washu started to explain, "before I was so rudely
interrupted..."
        "Hmph!"  Ryoko sniffed.
        "Ryoko..."  Ayeka warned.  "Please continue, Miss Washu."
        "What I can tell you all for certain is that this child we found possesses
the same basic genetic code as our Sasami, but--contrary to appearances, she
is not an exact duplicate!"
        "What do you mean, Washu?"  Ryoko asked.  "She looks just like her!"
        "She may look like her, for all we know, she may even talk and act like her,
but--she is NOT our Sasami!  There is a major difference!"
        "Which is?"
        "Yes, just what might this 'difference' be, Miss Washu?"
        Washu shook her head is genuine amazement.  "I'm surprised at you, girls!  I
thought sure you'd have noticed by now!"  The small scientist indicated the
sleeping Sammy.  "Look at her face.  Look at her forehead.  See anything
missing?"
        Sasami caught on instantly.  "There's no caste mark!" she gasped.
        "Exactly!  Very good, Sasami!"  Washu grinned.  "You go to the head of the
class!"
        "Yay, Sasami!"  Mihoshi cheered, then suddenly remembered that she was
supposed to keep quiet.  "Oops!  Sorry..." she grinned sheepishly.
        "If I might go on..."  Washu raised an eyebrow, then walked over and stood
behind Sasami.  "This Sasami, our Sasami, is from the planet Jurai.  She bears
the caste mark of the Royal House of Jurai, which also links her to Tsunami,
the tree-goddess who has helped keep our Sasami alive since she was
three-years-old."
        "We know all that, Washu!  Get to the point!"  Ryoko was bristling again.
        "Hush, Ryoko!  Let her finish!  Please, go on..."  Ayeka prompted.
        Washu now indicated the slumbering Sammy on the exam table.  "As our Sasami
has pointed out, this Sasami, the child we found outside, has no caste mark.
And for a very good reason..."  Washu folded her arms and stared hard at the
others.  "She's an Earthling!"
        "What?!?" the others gasped in shock.
        "You mean, she...she's human?!?"  Sasami stammered.  Never in her young life
had Sasami thought that a human child could look so much like her, and yet,
here she was, staring at her!
        "Yup," Washu replied.  "She's human, all right, through and through!  And
apparently, an extraordinary little human.  I keep getting an unusually high
power reading from her.  It keeps changing every time I scan her."
        "What?!?"  Ayeka stared in disbelief from Washu to the small girl on the
table.  "What sort of power reading?  What do you make of it?"
        "Difficult to say, at this point.  It seems dormant right now, anyway.  I'll
have to study her some more after she wakes up.  But, I'm sure I'll be able to
figure it out, eventually."
        "OF COURSE YOU WILL, WASHU!"  "THERE'S NOTHING YOU CAN'T DO, WASHU!" Washu's
twin robot-dolls suddenly appeared out of nowhere like they usually did,
sensing yet another opportunity to pump up their master's already huge
ego...which seemed to be their only function.
        "WASHU'S THE GREATEST!"
        "WASHU'S THE BEST!"
        "Oh, SHUT UP!"
        "I beg your pardon..."  Washu eyed her 'daughter' coldly.
        "Not you, Washu, THEM!"  Ryoko snapped.  "Damn," she thought, "that woman can
be so irritating, sometimes!"
        "So what's wrong with a little hero worship?"  Washu reasoned.
        "If we could please return to the matter at hand..."  Ayeka prompted again.
        "Suits me.  This all sounds well and good, Washu, but what about this other
cabbit we found?"  Ryoko gently petted the sleeping animal on the other exam
table, next to Sammy.
        "Yeah, Washu!  What about him?"  Sasami piped up.
        "Sasami, I'm proud of you!  You've pinpointed the difference once again!"
Washu explained to the others, "As far as I can determine, our two cabbits
seem to be identical twins, except for the gender difference.  The one lying
on the table is a male.  Our Ryo-Oki, of course, is a female."
        "Myaa!"  Ryo-Oki had hopped out of Sasami's hands and onto the exam tables,
where she was now studying the male cabbit with genuine interest.  "Myaa!
Myaa!"
        Ryoko, who could understand Ryo-Oki's language, chided the little creature.
"Hey!  I know he 'looks' cute, Ryo-Oki, but be careful!  You don't even know
him yet!"
        "Yeah, Ryo-Oki!"  Sasami added.  "You don't want to make Ken-Oki jealous, do
you?"  Ryo-Oki looked sheepish as the others laughed.
        "All right, so we know they're alike in some ways, and they're different in
some ways," Ryoko summarized.  "Now for the big question: Where did these two
come from?"
        "Good question," Washu muttered.  "Let me think..."  It took several seconds
before Washu brightened.  "I've got it!!"  The mini-genius rushed to one of
the many devices that were scattered about her laboratory.  "Earlier today, my
long-range sensors went crazy.  They reported that a minor disturbance had
occurred in the space-time continuum; a sort of rip, if you will, in the
space-time fabric.  They also reported that something had fallen through the
multidimensional strata.  At the time, it seemed inconsequential, but if my
calculations are correct...and they usually are, if I do say so myself..."
Washu smiled broadly.
        "OF COURSE THEY ARE, WASHU!"  "YOU COULDN'T BE MORE RIGHT, WASHU!"  The
robots were at it, again.
        "OH, KNOCK IT OFF!!!"  The robots took one look at Ryoko, and immediately
vanished from sight.
        Washu barely noticed, she was still absorbed in her lecture.  "If I'm right,"
she continued, indicating the pair on the tables, "then I would say that these
two are what fell through that interspacial rip, and that they are travelers
from some sort of Other Dimension, a sort of 'Twilight Zone,' so to speak,
full of similarities and differences.  This other Sasami may look the same,
but she may not necessarily act the same, just as we may look the same to her,
but act differently."  Washu finally looked up to see confused looks upon the
faces of her little audience.  "Uhhhh...Did any of you understand anything of
what I just said?"
        "Nope," Ryoko answered.
        "I must confess I did not, Miss Washu."  Ayeka added.
        "Well, maybe a little bit..."  Mihoshi offered, to everyone's surprise.
"Ummmm...'Fraid not."  The others nodded.  Mihoshi was known for several
traits, but high intelligence wasn't one of them.
        "Uhhh...Not really, Washu.  Sorry..."  Sasami said while Ryo-Oki meowed her
agreement, as well.
        Washu sighed heavily.  "O--Kay.  I'll say it just once more, and you all had
better get it this time..."
        Actually, it took a couple of tries, thanks to Mihoshi.  But the light of
understanding finally dawned upon everyone.

        "Hey, you guys!  She's coming around!"  Mihoshi's call brought everyone back
to the examination table, upon which Sammy's body was slowly, but finally,
beginning to stir.
        "Don't crowd," Washu ordered.  "Give her some room!"
        "Oooohhh, I can't wait to meet her!"  Sasami cried excitedly.  "I bet she'll
be just like me!"
        "You'll have to wait and see," Ayeka chuckled.  "You did a nice job, Mihoshi.
Our guest now looks at least...somewhat neater."
        "Thanks, Ayeka.  But the poor thing could still use a good, hot bath.  And
some clean clothes, too."
        "She can wear mine!  I'm sure they'd fit!"
        "I wonder if she's hungry..."
        "We can worry about all that later, you guys!"  Ryoko frowned.  "Right now, I
want to know just who this kid is and where she comes from!"
        "You and me both, daughter, but...please let me do the talking, all right?"
The others fell silent as Washu began to gently coax Sasami's counterpart into
awakening.  "Sasami?...Wake up, honey...It's your friend, Washu, dearie.  Can
you hear me?"
        Sammy's initial response was a soft moan as her mind fought its way out of
the blackness.  She was slowly becoming aware of the sound of familiar voices,
except that she couldn't yet understand what they were saying, or quite figure
out where they were coming from.  However, she was certain that one of the
voices had sounded very much like...her own!
        "Miss Washu?  I just had a thought; that 'power reading' you were talking
about?  You don't think...Could this child be any sort of threat to us?"
        "Well...I'd doubt it, Ayeka, considering the way she landed here.  If she'd
wanted to attack any of us, she'd have done so, right off the bat.  Still..."
Washu motioned to Ayeka's sister.  "Sasami, it might be a good idea for you to
stay out of sight for a little bit..."
        "But I want to meet her!"  Sasami protested.
        "It's for your own good, little one!  Just until we're sure about her."
        Ayeka added, "When it's safe to come out, we'll call you."
        "Promise?"
        "Promise!"  Ayeka nodded.
        "Well...OK, then.  C'mon, Ryo-Oki!"  Sasami quickly gathered up her pet
cabbit, and Ayeka found them a safe place where they could hide in the
shadows, but still see what was going on.
        "Wh...Wha..."  On the exam table, Sammy began to slowly open her eyes, but
winced and snapped them shut again upon encountering the bright glare of the
lights above her.  Mihoshi tried to help by finding the dimmer switch, and
brought the lights down a notch or two.
        "Sasami?"  Washu tried again.  "Wake up, little one..."
        "She looks like Sasami," the scientist thought, "she even sounds like Sasami,
but she isn't our Sasami!"  That fact was confirmed when Sammy blinked her
eyes, focused on the first face she recognized, and spoke her first coherent
word---
        "Sensei?!?"
        "Sensei?"  Washu glanced up at the others; they were just as startled as she
was.  "Why would she call me that?  I'm a scientist, not a teacher!"
        Sammy looked up into Washu's face with surprise on her own.
"W-Wa-Washu-sensei?  What are you doing here?  Wh-Where am I?  Whoa!"  Sammy
tried to sit up, and immediately lay back down; her head still felt a little
heavy.  She tried to take in her new surroundings, and saw that she was in
some sort of infirmary that looked more like a laboratory of some kind.
Another familiar figure bent over her, gently caressing her head and
shoulders.  "Mi-Mihoshi?"
        "Hi, sweetie-pie!  How are you feeling, hmmm?  Does it hurt anyplace?  Any
aches or pains anywhere?"
        "I...I feel all right, I guess..."  Sammy's eyes then caught sight of Ryoko
and Ayeka watching her with concerned expressions.
        "Mihoshi?  Ayeka?  Ryoko?  Washu-sensei?  What's going on, you guys?  Why are
we all here?  And...where is here, anyway?"  Sammy finally managed to sit up.
        "Sasami's voice, no doubt about it."  Washu placed a small device on Sammy's
forehead.  "Hold still a moment, dear.  I just want to take your temperature."
Washu then took the child's pulse while the tiny digital thermometer did its
work.  Moments later, its measurement was complete.  "Ah!  Normal!"  Washu
smiled, removing the device.  "Sasami," Washu began, "you obviously know who
the four of us are, am I right?"  At Sammy's nod, Washu continued.  "Well, my
dear, you're in my laboratory."

        "Your laboratory?"  Sammy looked around.  "But this doesn't look like our
school..."
        "Uhhh, no, dear, you're at home, our home," Washu replied.  "We found you
unconscious, outside in the carrot patch, with your cabbit..."
        "My cabbit?"  Sammy's eyes widened.  "Ryo-Oki?  Is he here, too?  Where is
he?  Is he okay?"  Sammy asked hurriedly while looking around for her pet.
        "Relax, kiddo.  He's right here!  Here you go."  Ryoko picked up the still
unconscious cabbit and handed him over to Sammy's waiting hands.
        "Ohhh, thank you, Ryoko!"  Sammy hugged the cabbit close to her, cradling him
like a baby and speaking softly to the little creature.  "Hi, Ryo-Oki!  It's
me, Sammy!  Are you okay?  I'm so glad you're here..."
        Washu and Ryoko took a moment to exchange a few telepathic thoughts---"It's
uncanny!  She's acting just like our Sasami would!"
        "Well, if she's not from Jurai, then she's one hell of a human impressionist!
Ask her how she got here!"
        "Right!...Here goes..."  "Sasami," Washu asked kindly, "do you mind telling
us what happened to you?  You were out cold for about half an hour!  Do you
remember anything about how you got here?"
        "Uh-oh," Sammy worried.  "Now what do I do?  I hate lying, but I can't tell
them about my identity as Pretty Sammy, or about Pixy Misa!"  "Uhhh...well,"
Sammy began, trying to quickly think of a plausible story.  "The last thing I
remember was walking home from school.  I said good-bye to Misao, and I went
on by myself..."
        "Misao?"  Mihoshi interrupted.  "Who's Misao?"
        Sammy couldn't believe her ears.  "What do you mean, 'Who's Misao'?"  Seeing
everyone's confused faces, she continued, "Come on, you guys!  You all know
very well who Misao is!  She's my best friend!  We're in the same class
together!  Geez, Mihoshi, how could you forget something like that?!?"  Sammy
sounded genuinely angry.  "How could Mihoshi be so stupid?!?" she thought.
        Mihoshi was still confused but also a little hurt by Sammy's outburst.  She
started to stammer out a reply, but Washu held up a hand, gesturing her to
stop.  "Never mind about that now, Sasami.  Please go on.  You left Misao, you
were going home, what happened next?"
        "Well...Suddenly, this strange light appeared out of nowhere!  It was really
weird, but I remember that it kind'a looked like that wormhole thing on 'Deep
Space Nine.'"  "Oh boy," thought Sammy, "like she'll really go for that!"
        Washu just raised an eyebrow.  "Uh-huh," she nodded.  "Then what?"
        "Well, I don't know where that thing came from, but the next thing I knew, we
were being sucked into whatever it was!  I remember trying to hold on to
Ryo-Oki, but I lost him!  And then...I woke up...here.  That's all I
remember..." Sammy's voice trailed off.  "Please, God," she silently hoped,
"let Washu believe me!"
        "You buy any of that, Washu?"  Ryoko asked telepathically.  "Since when does
Sasami go to school?"
        "This one apparently does!"
        "So, she walked home from school, with Ryo-Oki?"
        "You know our pair; those two go everywhere together!"
        "And a wormhole, like on TV?  This kid's hiding something, Mom!"
        "I know, daughter, I could tell.  And that power reading I got from her
definitely intrigues me."
        "So, what do we do about her?  You still don't think she's a threat?"
        "For the moment...let's give her the benefit of the doubt."
        Washu pretended to study her computer displays while she and Ryoko 'talked.'
Then, she turned to Sammy with a face she hoped masked her suspicions.  "Well,
okay, Sasami," Washu said.  "From what my examination tells me, you're not
seriously hurt!  Just a few minor bumps and bruises."
        "Thanks, Washu-sensei.  I feel fine, really!"  Sammy smiled and continued
stroking her Ryo-Oki.
        Meanwhile, Ayeka and Ryoko had been sharing some concerned looks, and some
private whispers.  Ayeka now stepped closer to the exam table.
        "Sasami," Ayeka asked gently, "are you sure that you are all right?"
        "Of course I'm all right, Ayeka!  Why?"
        "Then...why do you address Miss Washu as, 'sensei'?"
        Again, Sammy couldn't believe what she'd heard!  This was almost too much!
"Oh, come on, Ayeka, not you, too!  Washu's our school science teacher!  I'm
in her 4th-grade class!  Why shouldn't I call her, 'sensei'?  Geez, what's
gotten into you guys?"  Now that Sammy was talking to them, she was finally
beginning to get a good, solid look at Ayeka and her other friends.  They all
looked and sounded right, but they were sure acting strangely!  And their
clothes were different, too!  Ayeka, Ryoko and Washu were wearing very ornate,
colorful, Japanese style robes.  Even Mihoshi seemed to be wearing some sort
of uniform!  "And why are you all dressed like that?"  Sammy asked.  "Are you
all going to some kind of costume party?"
        The other four ladies all exchanged puzzled looks.  "I don't see anything at
all improper about our attire.  Do you, Ryoko?"  Ayeka asked with a frown.
        Ayeka's rival shrugged her shoulders.  "We all look fine and dandy to me!"
        "Sasami," Mihoshi tried to explain, "we've always worn clothes like this, you
know that!"
        "No, you don't!"  Sammy shook her head earnestly.  "You never wear fancy
stuff like that, unless it's to some party.  Usually, you guys wear...everyday
stuff!  Pants, T-shirts, jeans, dresses...you know, like me!  Except when we
wear our school uniforms..."
        "School...uniforms?!?"  Ryoko was utterly lost.
        "That's it!!!"  Sammy thought to herself.  "If this is some joke of Pixy
Misa's, it is definitely NOT funny!!!"
        "Yes, school!!!"  Sammy exploded.  "In Tokyo!  Where we all live!"  Sammy was
shocked at the blank stares she was getting back.  "Where Washu teaches
science, and Ayeka's the student-body president!  Where Misao and I are in the
4th-grade, and Ayeka, Ryoko and Tenchi are all in high school!"  Sammy finally
calmed down.  "Is Tenchi here, too, by the way?" she asked, looking around the
laboratory.
        "Tenchi?  What about him?"  Ryoko asked, a little too sharply.
        Ayeka held up a cautioning hand.  "Why do want to know if Tenchi is here,
Sasami?" she asked.
        "I just want to know where my brother is, and if he knows where I am, silly!"
        To say that Sammy's explanation came as a great surprise to everyone else
would be a major understatement!  "Your...BROTHER?!?" the others chorused.
        "Yes, my brother!"  Sammy snapped in exasperation.  This had gone far enough!
"Come on, you guys, this IS a joke, right?  You guys all know that Tenchi's my
big brother!  Mom put you all up to this, didn't she?"

        "Well, Sasami, you see..."
        At that moment, a buzzer sounded, and Tenchi's voice could be heard coming
from a nearby speaker.  "Washu?  Have you got a minute?"
        "Whew!  Saved by the bell!"  Washu thought as she moved to answer the lab
intercom.  She had come to appreciate its installation over the past several
months.  It helped keep away unwanted visitors while she worked, but made her
available to the rest of the family for mealtimes or whenever she was needed.
"Yeah, Tenchi, what's up?"
        "Well, Kiyone's making dinner, and Dad and Grandpa are anxious to hear how
our new little friend is doing."
        "She's up and around, Tenchi," Washu replied, glancing at Sammy.  "And she's
anxious to talk with you.  I'll get the door for you.  Be right there!"  Washu
gave Sammy a quick smile before she hurried away.  "Just sit tight, little
one!  I'll be right back!"
        Sammy continued stroking her cabbit as she watched Washu disappear into the
shadows.  She then quietly asked herself, "Is it just me, or has everybody
here gone slightly bonkers?  Even Washu-sensei's acting weird!"
        Ryoko couldn't help overhearing.  Without thinking, she replied, "If you ask
me, kiddo, when it comes to weird, my Mother wrote the book!"  The others
gasped in alarm, and a moment later, so did Ryoko.  "Oops!  Shouldn't have
said that!"
        "Your...Washu's your...Mom?!?"  Sammy was having a lot of trouble accepting
this new concept.
        "Oh, well," Ryoko shrugged, "too late, now."  "I know how you feel, kiddo.  I
often can't believe it myself," she dryly replied.
        As Sammy tried to digest this new bit of information, she looked up to see
Washu returning with Tenchi.  She immediately noticed that a quiet, but urgent
conversation seemed to be passing between them, with each of them glancing at
her every so often.  "They must be talking about me," Sammy thought.  "I hope
Tenchi isn't acting weird, too!"
        Actually, Washu was doing her best to quickly bring Tenchi up-to-date on the
'Sasami situation.'  They were just approaching the others when 'their
Sasami,' still crouching in the shadows with her Ryo-Oki, whispered from her
hiding place.
        "Psssssttt!!  Washu!  Can we come out yet?  I'm getting tired of sitting
here!"
        "Just a little longer, sweetie!  Let's see what happens with Tenchi, first."
Tenchi gave her a quick smile as they hurried past, and Sasami replied with a
small wave of her hand.  Looking up, Tenchi noticed that the Sasami who was
sitting on the exam table was giving him the same wave!
        "Hi, Tenchi!"  Sammy called to him.  The others quickly greeted him as well,
with Ayeka inadvertently calling him, "Lord Tenchi," before she caught
herself, and hoped that Sammy hadn't overheard.
        "Sasami!  It's good to see you!  You really had us worried for a little
while!"  Tenchi moved to the exam table and sat down next to Sammy, taking her
hand and smiling at her.  "So, how are you feeling, princess?  All better?
How's Ryo-Oki?"
        Sammy looked at everyone watching her, then she returned Tenchi's smile. "I'm
fine now, Tenchi, thank you.  Ryo-Oki's still kind'a out of it, though. But
Washu says he'll be okay."
        "Well, that's great..."  Tenchi started to reply, but broke off when he
noticed that Sammy's smile had disappeared.
        "Tenchi..."  Sammy hesitated, then plunged ahead.  "Can I ask you something,
please?"
        "Well, of course, Sasami," Tenchi replied.  "What's on your mind?"
        Sammy waved a free hand at Washu and the other girls, indicating that what
she wanted to say involved all of them.  "What's with them?  They all act
like...like they've never seen me before!"
        Tenchi got an uncomfortable look on his face as he looked from Sammy to the
others and back again.  "Well, you see, Sasami," he tried to explain, "it's
just that it was a big surprise to see you appear out of nowhere like that
with Ryo-Oki."
        "But why should it be a surprise?  You all know who I am!  I'm the one who's
surprised, because everything's all mixed up!  Everybody's all dressed funny,
Ryoko says Washu's her Mom, and...and nobody knows anything about Misao, or
about school, or that Washu's a teacher, or...or that...you're my brother!"
Sammy was starting to visibly tremble, her eyes were on the verge of tears as
her mounting confusion began to take control.  "Ten--Tenchi, you are my
brother, aren't you?"
        When Tenchi, at a loss for words, didn't reply right away, Sammy really did
start crying.  "Tenchi, please tell me!  I wake up in here, and it seems like
my whole world is coming apart!"
        "Sasami..."
        "Tenchi, don't lie to me, please!  I need the truth!  I need to know what's
going on!  I need to know I'm...I'm your sister!"  Sammy fell sobbing into
Tenchi's arms.  Not knowing what else to do, he gave the child a hug and
stroked her back, trying to soothe her.

        "Myaa!"
        Sammy looked up.  "Huh?  Ry--Ryo-Oki?"  No, it wasn't.  Her cabbit was still
pooped out!  "Then who's meowing?"  Sammy wondered.
        "Myaa!  Myaaa!"
        There seemed to be a small commotion taking place in the nearby shadows.
Everyone could hear the sounds of meowing and then---
        "Stop!  Ryo-Oki, wait!  Don't go over there yet!"
        "That's MY voice!!!  But how...?  Who...?"
        Sammy could only sit and stare as the answers to her questions suddenly came
into view.  First, another Ryo-Oki came bounding down the aisle, leaped onto
the exam table, hopped into her arms, bleated a friendly "Myaa," and began
licking her face!
        "Ryo-Oki?!?"  Sammy looked from one to the other.  "But you're...How can...?"
And as if two Ryo-Okis weren't enough, they were followed seconds later by the
sound of running feet, as another little girl appeared.  Sammy's jaw dropped
as her mind screamed, "THAT'S ME!!!"
        "I'm sorry, Washu, but Ryo-Oki wouldn't hold still and I couldn't...hold
on...to...her..."  Sasami's explanation trailed off as she found herself
staring into Sammy's eyes.  The other girl's stunned expression mirrored her
own.
        "This is a dream," Sammy told herself.  "This has GOT to be a dream!!!"
        Putting down both Ryo-Okis, Sammy got off the table and stood up, first
making sure that her wobbly legs would support her.  She then summoned her
courage and stood face-to-face with...herself!
        Ever protective of her little sister, Ayeka moved to intervene and separate
the pair, until Washu caught her arm and held her back.
        "It's as good a time as any," Washu said.  She then faced the little girls
with what she hoped was a cheerful expression.  "Sasami, meet...Sasami!" Washu
finally said resignedly.  What more was there to say?
        Ayeka stared fearfully at the small twosome, fervently hoping that this new
experience wouldn't prove too much for both of them.  Everyone in the
laboratory could feel the tension, falling silent as they watched their two
Sasamis look each other over.
        For a few moments, the Sasami twins gazed at themselves in openmouthed
astonishment, each wondering if the other was a product of her imagination.
        "He--Hello," Sasami timidly offered her hand.  "Don't be afraid!  It's okay,
I won't bite!" she said, managing a weak smile.
        Sammy cautiously reached out and felt her other self's arm before taking her
hand.  "You're...You're for real!" she gasped.
        Sasami's smile grew broader.  "So are you!"  Then, she positively grinned.
"Wow!" she exclaimed to the others, "It's like we're twins!"
        That certainly seemed to be the case.  Both Sasamis looked to be the same
height and weight.  They both had the same sky-blue hair done up in the
double-ponytail style. They both had the same plum-pink eyes, even the same
freckles!
        "Who...Who are you?"  Sammy asked, still not quite believing this sight
before her eyes.
        Sasami gave Ayeka and the others a questioning look, as if to say, "Do I tell
her?"
        Ayeka smiled encouragingly.  "Tell her the truth, Sasami."
        Sasami nodded and faced her twin, taking Sammy's hands in hers.  "I'm
Princess Sasami Jurai Masaki, Second Princess of the Royal House of the Planet
Jurai."
        Sammy just stared back at Sasami for a very long moment before replying.
"Princess Sasami?!?  From the planet...Jurai?!?  Are you saying you're...some
kind of space alien or something?"
        "Well, yeah," Sasami chuckled, "I guess you could say that."  She then moved
over next to Ayeka, and put her arm around her.  "And since my big sister is
the Crown Princess of Jurai...well, I guess that makes her a 'space alien,'
too!"  Sasami broke into a fit of giggles, which helped to ease the tension a
little.
        Sammy's mind was racing a mile a minute, but she still managed to put two and
two together.  "Ayeka...is your sister?!?"
        "Yes, indeed," Ayeka replied, "I most certainly am.  And now, Sasami, would
you mind telling us your name?"
        "But," Sammy answered, "you already know my name."
        "Tell us anyway, little one," Washu encouraged.  "Your full name.  We just
want to make sure you have your head on straight."
        At this point, Sammy wasn't sure about anything, let alone her head!  But she
forced out the words, nevertheless.  "My...My name is Sasami Kawaii.  I'm
ten-years-old, I'm in the fourth grade, and...and...I--I gotta sit down!"
        Sammy's legs gave way beneath her as she very nearly fainted!  Tenchi and
Washu quickly helped her back onto the exam table as Sasami and the others
watched anxiously.
        "...Dreaming," Sammy was babbling.  "Gotta be dreaming!"
        "Sasami!"  Sasami cried with alarm.  "It's OK!  Everything's gonna be OK!"
        "Tenchi, do something!"  Ayeka pleaded.
        "Sasami, look at me.  LOOK at me!"  Tenchi got a firm grip on Sammy's
shoulders, and forced her to face him.  "You are NOT dreaming!  This is for
real, and you're going to be all right!"
        "NOOOO!!!"  Sammy shut her eyes and batted Tenchi's hands away.  "This CAN'T
be real!!!  There CAN'T be two of me!!!"  Sammy was sobbing hysterically.
        "Washu?"  Mihoshi offered, "Maybe if you told her about that other
dimensional space-time thingie?"
        Although surprised that Mihoshi had actually come up with a good idea, Washu
nodded and set to her task, grabbing Sammy's flailing hands and forcing them
to her lap.  "Sasami, listen to me!  LISTEN TO ME!!!" she shouted loudly.
Washu then took Sammy's tear-streaked face in her hands as she tried to calm
the child down.  "Sasami, please listen to me.  I need you to listen very,
very carefully to what I have to say."
        Thankfully, Sammy finally quieted down.  "O--Okay."
        "That's my girl!"  Washu tried to make herself sound as soothing as possible.
"Little one, what I've got to tell you is going to be very difficult for you
to understand, so I'll try to put this as simply and bluntly as I can."
        Sammy sniffled and blinked back her tears.  "Ye--Yes?"
        Washu looked Sammy straight in the eye.  "Dorothy," she said, "You're Not In
Kansas Anymore!"

-------------------------------
Authors Note: How do you like the next chapter of "When Two Worlds Collide"?
Please write to me and tell me what you think. You can find "When Two Worlds
Combine" on it's own webpage
at:http://members.wbs.net/homepages/a/t/e/atenchimuyoprettysammyxoverwebpage/