                
When Two Worlds Collide
Chapter Four - The Secret's Out!
Written By: Angela Nebedum
(pretty_sammy20@hotmail.com)

	"Sammy, how is that Ryo is able to speak?" Washu asked, trying to keep her
voice down to calm even tones.	"Yeah Sammy. Speak up!" Ryoko demanded.
	Sammy looked flustered as she stared at everyone as they all gathered around
her. "Um... Well you see..." Sammy began when Ryo spoke up.
	"Excuse me. Since I'm the one who made the mistake of speaking out loud, don't
you think that you should be asking me those questions, and leave Sammy alone?"
Ryo demanded as he stared around the room as he hopped down on to the coffee
table..
	Everyone turned their attention on Ryo silently for a moment then Kiyone was
the one to first break the silence. "Fine then Ryo. Then will you mind
explaining why you can talk, when normal cabbits can't unless they are in their
humanoid forms?"
	Ryo looked at Kiyone before answering her question. "I am a cabbit, if that's
what all of you are worried about. Except I'm a different type of cabbit than
her." Ryo added as he waved a paw in Ryo-ohki's direction. "And I am not a
alien. On our Earth, I come from another dimension where magic rules, and I was
choosen to be Sammy's guardian."
	Washu looked thoughtful for a moment as she contemplated this bit of news. "Her
guardian? What are you supposed to be guarding her from, Ryo?"
	"Sorry, Washu. But that's a secret. Not even our worlds version of you has
discovered that I can talk, and she's just as smart as you are." Ryo said.
	Sammy spoke up just then. "Ryo's been around for me everywhere I go. He and
Misao are my best friends, while Rumiya aren't exactly what you guys would
consider friends."
	"What do you mean by that?" Ryoko asked, as she stared first from Ryo then to
Sammy. "Do you mean that your enemies? How can he be an enemy? The two of you
are just kids."
	Ryo shook his head in denial to Ryoko's words. "Not true. Rumiya comes from the
same realm that I come from, and he has powers like mine, except he can
transform back and forth from human boy into a small purple falcon. And his
sister, Ramia, is a major pain."
	"Just what is this 'realm' that you keep on talking about?" Washu said.
	"My realm is called Juraihelm, I was choosen by Queen Tsunami to be Sammy's
train--" Ryo began only to be interupted when everyone began talking at once.
	"Juraihelm?!" Sasami exclaimed.
	"'Queen' Tsunami?!" everyone shouted at the same time.
	Sammy and Ryo shared a surprised and disturbed look on their faces when they
see everyone's reactions to what Ryo had just told them.
	"Yes, Juraihelm and Queen Tsunami." Ryo said cautiously as he looked around.
"Why? What's wrong?" he asked.
	Sasami was the first one to speak up. "The planet that my sister, Ayeka, and I
come from is called Jurai. And Tsunami..." Sasami stoped talking and looked
towards the others for help, while Ryo waited for her to continue.
	"What Sasami is trying to say, Ryo. Is that in this universe, Tsunami and
Sasami are one and the same person in some ways." Katsuhito explained. "When
Sasami was 3 years old, she was involved in an accident that nearly killed her.
Her life was saved when she was joined with the guardian spirit of Jurai known
as Tsunami."
	"What do you mean by 'joined' with Tsunami?" Sammy asked as she stared over at Sasami.
	"Well you see..." Sasami began only to be interupted.
	Ryoko was the one to answer Sammy's question, in her own blunt way. "It means
kiddo, that Sasami and Tusnami are practically the same person now except
seperate. And when Sasami grows up she'll look exactly like Tsunami in every
way."
	"And when Sasami reaches adulthood, she and Tsunami will become one person,
instead of two seperate beings." Washu added in. "This is interesting Sammy. As
far as I can see our two worlds are far more different in every way, yet the
similarities are astounding. Before I find a way to send you and your friends
back to your own world, I would like to do some tests on all of you." Washu said
as she got a thoughtful look on her face.
	"The tests that I did on you before, when we found you earlier showed you
giving off very odd readings, that no human should possess, and--" Washu said
only to stop as she gazed across the table to find that during her explanation
Sammy had fallen asleep with her head resting on the table.
	Ryo was also beginning to drift off, as he tried to hold back a yawn, as he
looked over at Sammy, suddenly got defensive, and snapped "NO!" then looked
sheepishly at everyone.
	"Gomen, Washu-chan. I guess that both of us are still tired. But I don't think
that whatever tests you want to do can't be done. I don't think that Tsunami
would have liked the idea of it anyways. And I know Sammy probably won't.
Besides. I've said too much now already."
	"But, I think that the tests may be of great help in finding out what happened
to the four of you. If Sammy was awake I would--" Washu began, about to get back
into lecture once more, when she felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked up to
stare Katsuhito's gaze, and he shook his head as he looked at Ryo.
	Washu followed his gaze to see that Ryo had now curled himself up next to
Sammy's head and was as sound asleep that Sammy was.
	"This can be discussed tomorrow, Washu when all of them have gotten a good
nights sleep." Katsuhito said, just as Tenchi and Ayeka came back into the room
without Misao and Rumiya.
	"Where's the other two?" Ryoko asked as she moved to Tenchi's side.
	"After they had their baths and we found some clean clothes for them to wear,
we placed them both in two of the guest rooms. The minute their heads hit the
pillows they were both out like a light." Tenchi commented as he moved towards
where Sammy's side, and reaches down to lift her up into his arms. "Looks like
Sammy needs to get to bed too." Tenchi said.
	Sammy stirred slightly as she felt herself being lifted upm, her eyes opened
slightly to see Tenchi, and sleepily wrapped her arms around his neck, before
going back to sleep, muttering "Oniichan..."
	Ayeka felt a pang of jealousy as she watched Tenchi hold Sasami. *No, not
Sasami. Sammy.* Ayeka silently corrected herself before speaking up. "Lord
Tenchi. I've already prepared a room for Sammy to sleep in next Misao's room,
down the hall on the right."
	"Thanks Ayeka." Tenchi said as he moved towards the stairs, before calling over
his shoulder, "Sasami, can you grab Ryo and take him up too?"
	"Sure Tenchi!" Sasami cried out, quick to lend a helping hand and gently lifted
Ryo up off the table, Ryo-ohki changed into her humanoid form, and followed them
upstairs meowing all the way.
	The others all sat together in the living room, staring silently at nothing in
particular, then they all began talking at once.
	"I think that Ryo is hiding something from us. But what?!" Ryoko demanded as
she looked everyone in the eye and saw that they believed the same thing.
	"What I'm worried about is what the relationship between Sammy and Rumiya is
about. All of you saw the look on Sammy's face when she saw him. And the way she
said that she and Rumiya are enemies..." Kiyone said, a frown spreading on her
face. "The way she said that, it was filled with anger, . I could tell."
	"I think it was great that Ryo could talk, you guys!" Mihoshi broke in, all
smiles, causing everyone to sweatdrop in exasperation, but then her next
question quieted them, "But what I don't get is what Ryo said about where he
came home before meeting Sammy. What is Juraihelm?"
	"I believe that the main important question here is, *where* is Juraihelm,
Mihoshi. Just like where in the other dimension, all of us have been born as
humans, with no powers whatsoever. So maybe in the other world Juraihelm is
another version of the Planet Jurai." Washu explained as she stood up to walk
around the room, her arms clasped behind her back as she. "But Tsunami is Queen
of Juraihelm?"
	Ayeka had sat down in a vacant seat, and was staring at everyone in surprise.
"Wait. Are you telling me that Sammy's pet cabbit can talk?" Ayeka demanded.
	"Yes, Ayeka. It would seem that way. I would like to learn more when I have a
chance to talk to Sammy again in the morning whenever she and Ryo wake up."
Washu explained.
	Just then Tenchi and Sasami returned and sat down. "Maybe you guys can tell me
what was discussed while Ayeka and I were busy taking care of Misao and Rumiya?
What's been going?"
	Everyone began talking again, bringing Ayeka and Tenchi up to date about what
little they had learned. Then everyone began to stand up, calling it a night,
and prepared to go to bed.

~Morning~

	Sammy woke up the next morning to find it still dark outside, and checked a
nearby clock to see that it was 5:30 a.m.. She looks around at the strange,
unfamiliar room she was now in. Then she remembered what happened the night
before. Her search ends with spotting Ryo lying on a pillow next to her head.
	'What am I going to do?' Sammy thought unhappily to herself. 'Misao. Ryo-ohki
and I are stuck somewhere else. With people who look like our friends back home
but are not. Not to mention I now have a twin..." Sammy said to herself, when a
sudden thought hit her.
	'But what's Misao doing here? She wasn't near my battle against Pixy Misa when
the four of us were pulled into this world. But they found Rumiya with amnesia,
and Misao was with him. Could Misao somehow be...' Sammy's train of thought is
broken when she hears a knock at her door.
	"Come in." She calls lightly.
	The door opens to reveal a little girl who looked to be no older than 2 or 3
years old, with long purple hair, step into the room, and stare questioningly at
Sammy with golden eyes. "Hi."
	"Hi, there. Who are you?" Sammy asked as she stared at the strange girl before
her.
	"I'm Mayuka."

To Be Continued

