Konnichi wa! This is a fic in which Ayeka gets Tenchi instead of Ryoko. But,
don't stop reading! (Ha, ha. Sorry, GenSao…but there are lots of Ryoko fans
out there, remember?) Hum, even if you are a Ryoko fan like me, I think you'll
enjoy it. Have fun reading, kay? Ja ne till the end! (P.S. You need to have a
bit of knowledge of the OAV series and it helps to have seen the last four
episodes of the TV series. But, if you haven't, that's okay, and you should be
able to wing it. But, it is recommended that you have seen the second movie.)

                                         PROLOGUE

Ayeka was exhausted. She, Tenchi, and Ryoko had been battling the youma for
nearly an hour. It had appeared from thin air, attacking viscously. She had a
ragged gash along her arm. Tenchi was unharmed, and she thanked the gods for
that. Ryoko had little slashes on her arms, legs, and torso. These had been
caused by a strange attack similar to Tessei's Needle. She had jumped in front
of Tenchi to save him from the injuries. Ayeka had done something similar to
receive her wound. So, they had both sacrificed themselves for Tenchi. Ayeka
was confused, about her love, about Ryoko, about everything.
The creature yowled, and launched itself at Ayeka. "Aauugh!" she screamed as
the furred wolf-monster hurled itself at her, sinking its teeth into her
shoulder.
"Ayekaaa!!" Tenchi screamed. Was it Tenchi? It almost sounded like
Ryoko…Ayeka' thoughts were blurred and confused. The world spun, it was like
she was drunken on pain. All was black.

Ayeka painfully blinked open her eyes. She was lying in what appeared to be a
hospital bed. She sat up quickly, and instantly regretted it. Her head felt
like a thousand hammers were pounding on to it.
"Ah, so the princess awakens, eh? I'll go tell Tenchi! He wants to talk to
you, Ayeka." Washu disappeared.
Ayeka felt giddy. Tenchi wanted to talk to her? What could he want? Maybe he
wanted to…
"Ayeka." Tenchi made his way to her bedside. He had a straight, serious face.
Ayeka's giddiness dissipated. Tenchi kneeled by her bedside.
"Ayeka…" he began again. "Ayeka I, have very strong feelings for Ryoko,"
Ayeka's heart sank. He loved Ryoko! How could he do this to her? When she was
just recovering from Washu's intensive care, he came to break her heart?
"Ayeka, I love you." Ayeka's heart stopped. It fluttered like a nervous
butterfly. "I almost lost you. It made me realize how much I really love you.
Ayeka, please marry me…I know I should have told you, told Ryoko, about my
love for you. Ayeka?" He paused, and drew in his breath. "Please marry me."
Ayeka smiled the biggest smile she could muster. "Oh, Lord Tenchi! Of course I
will!" She flung her arms around Tenchi's neck.
Tenchi chuckled. "No more of that 'Lord Tenchi', you hear? We're engaged now.
Here." He pried Ayeka's arms from around him. Taking her left hand into his
right, he slipped a ring of gold around her finger. "I'm sorry this isn't very
fancy, but…"
"Oh, Tenchi, it's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen!" She could hardly
believe it! Tenchi loved her!

Her!

Author's Note: Yeah, I know that the prologue was extremely short. Don't you
worry, though, more to come soon! Episode 1, coming up REALLY soon, is already
seven pages long, and it may become larger. You must be wondering where that
monster came from. The monster will be explained in episode 2, possibly 3. See
you then! Ja ne!

Preview of next Episode: No Need for Confessions of Love!
Tenchi: Ayeka and I are getting married! But one thing's wrong!
Ayeka: Yes, Ryoko is nowhere to be found! What happened to her?
Kiyone: Stay tuned for the next episode of Tenchi Forever: No Need for
Confessions of Love!
Washu: It's unquestionably revealing! *wink*