Hi! This is my first Tenchi fic, in response to GenSao's challenge to write a
fanfic in which Ayeka gets Tenchi instead of Ryoko. Yes, I am a huge Ryoko
fan. No, I cannot believe I'm doing this. Oh, well. I hope you enjoy the
story.
This is a cross between the OVA series and the TV series, because I like them
both. Just so you don't get confused.
 One more thing: Unless otherwise mentioned, when I say "Azaka" and
"Kamidake", I mean the knights, not the guardians, okay? Okay.

LEGAL DISCLAIMER: These characters aren't mine! (Although I wish they were)
They belong to those great folks at Pioneer and AIC. Sailor Moon is mentioned,
she belongs to Naoko Takeuchi. Darkstalkers is also mentioned, it belongs to
Capcom. (Ah, Capcom. You know I love 'em!)

             Tenchi Muyo! : The "Love at Last" series.  Episode 1: No Need For
Confessions of Love!

She was beautiful. She slid down the aisle with perfect grace. Sasami, the
flower girl, beamed happily at her sister, the bride. Ayeka had tears of joy
streaming down her face. Her bouquet was composed entirely of baby's breath
and violets to match her hair. Her white wedding dress flowed about her like a
gentle wind.
        I love you, Ayeka. I have a strong sense of friendship for Ryoko, but I love
you. Ayeka fondly remembered Tenchi's words to her. The man she loved had
finally proposed to her! He had said it sincerely, full of the truest feeling
of love for her.
        Ayeka's smile only became larger once she reached the altar. It was an
outdoor wedding, and today was the most perfect day for it. Everyone was
there, smiling faces all.
Everyone…except for two souls. The first was Ryo-ohki. The second was Ryoko.
Ryo-ohki  no one was concerned about. She was always running off, usually with
Ken-ohki or Ryoko. Ken-ohki was ruled out, since he was here with his
mistress. Yes, even Nagi was present for Tenchi's wedding. When asked what
made her decide to come, she had just laughed and said that she wouldn't miss
seeing, as she put it, "wuss-boy's" wedding.
That left Ryoko. Since both Ryoko and Ryo-ohki were absent, the most logical
explanation was that they had gone off together. Ryoko had been gone ever
since Tenchi had proposed to Ayeka, which had been a week ago. Three people
were majorly concerned about Ryoko's welfare. The first was Ayeka herself. She
had always had a deep respect for the space pirate, and hoped that they could
one day be friends. Ayeka had always believed that Ryoko had had the same
wish, but their competing love for Tenchi had prevented their friendship. The
second was Tenchi. He was extremely upset when she disappeared. The third was
Washu. She was angry that her "Little Ryoko" was missing.
Ayeka came out of her thoughts just in time to hear Tenchi say "I do.". She
repeated the words that the priest gave her, and finished with "I do." just as
Tenchi had.

"Psst! Kamidake!" Azaka elbowed Kamidake, who was dozing. "It's almost over!"
Kamidake blinked sleepily. "Huh?…oh, good." Kamidake had never realized that
Earth marriage customs were so boring. He looked at the altar just in time to
see Ayeka and Tenchi break off their deep kiss.
"It's about time! They were kissing for a while…" Azaka smiled. "It's so nice
to see the Princess finally married!" Kamidake nodded his head absently. Azaka
looked at him curiously. "Is anything wrong, Kamidake?" Kamidake sighed.
"I'm worried about Miss Ryoko. I haven't seen her since we got here from
Jurai, and Tenchi and the others refuse to talk about her."
Azaka nodded his head sagely. "I see. Well, Ryoko is powerful and strong-
willed. She should be okay on her own."
"Yes…I suppose." Kamidake still had this nagging feeling in his stomach that
he couldn't get rid of. He was sure that something was wrong. Shaking his
head, he got up to talk to Nagi.

"Miya?" Ryoko smiled weakly and shook her head.
"Not yet, Ryo-ohki. Not yet." She squeezed her eyes shut. "Just a little
longer, and you can go home. It will only be a couple days now, and my body
will run out of water. Then I'll-"
"MIYA!" Ryo-ohki protested. She did not want to believe that her beloved
mistress wanted to die! "Miya!"
"I'm sorry, Ryo-ohki. I'm being selfish, leaving you here all by yourself,
aren't I?"
"Miya…" Ryo-ohki cried sadly, agreeing with Ryoko. Perhaps this would make her
stay?
"But…you will always have Sasami, right? Sasami loves you just as much as I
do. So, you'll be okay. See, Ryo-ohki? Everything will be alright!"
"CIAO!" came the loud cry from the communicator. Ryoko turned her head to the
right a bit.
"Hmm, looks like Nagi's here to finish me off. Perhaps you won't have to wait
two days to go home, eh Ryo-ohki?"  She set a look of determination on her
face." All right, Nagi. Let's get this over with"
"M-miss Ryoko? A-are you there? This i-isn't Nagi, it's me, Kamidake."
If Ryoko had had the strength, she would have face-faulted. She had just
called Kamidake Nagi! "I'm sorry, Kamidake. I was expecting Nagi."
"Miss Ryoko? Miss Ryoko? You don't sound well. Hold on a second." Kamidake's
faint voice could be heard in the background, saying, "Ken-ohki? Could you
please teleport me aboard Ryo-ohki?" Then, in a flash of light, Kamidake
appeared on Ryo-ohki's bridge.
"Miss Ryoko! Miss Ryoko! Oh, no, you look like you're about to die! I-" Before
Ryoko could hear any more, she passed out from exhaustion.

Ayeka leaned back on the sofa in the Masaki living room. She was still in her
wedding dress, not yet willing to take it off in case this all turned out to
be a dream. She was watching an interesting show she had just discovered on
television called "Sailor Moon". She smiled as the odango-haired Sailor Moon
banished yet another monster from the NegaVerse. Sasami and Azaka were
upstairs playing a video game called Darkstalkers (Azaka was more losing than
playing, actually).
"La-lady Ayeka! Please get Washu-chan!" A voice came from the front door
startled her. She whirled around, to see a harried Kamidake carrying an
unconscious Ryoko. She put her hand to her mouth in shock.
"Oh my! I will fetch her right away! Please, lay her on the couch, Kamidake."
Ayeka rushed off to tell Washu that her daughter had returned.
Kamidake gently set Ryoko on the couch. He carefully drew the blanket that was
lying nearby over her.
"Ryoko? Kamidake, what's wrong with Ryoko?" Kamidake turned his head up to see
a shocked Sasami staring at he and Ryoko. "Is she…?" The little princess
trailed off, afraid to finish the sentence lest it be true. She was relieved
when the Jurian knight shook his head in negatation.
"No, Lady Sasami. Ryoko is fine for now, but we need Washu-chan to look at her
to be sure." Sasami nodded her head.
"Do…do you think I could help? I am a goddess…" Sasami offered.
"Thank you, Lady Tsunami, Lady Sasami, but I think Washu would want to do
this."
"I think I understand. Shall I get Azaka? He wanted to know when you got back.
And Nagi is still waiting for Ken-ohki in the kitchen." When Sasami saw
Kamidake nod his head in agreement, she ran upstairs.

"WHAT?!? My daughter is back? Why didn't someone tell me sooner?!" Washu cried
out in surprise.
"Yes, Washu-chan. Oh, please, hurry. She's unconscious and we can't tell if
she's okay!" Ayeka made a small bow with her head. "I will go alert Tenchi.
You just go to your daughter."
"I was thinking the exact same thing, Lady Ayeka." With that, Washu turned on
her heels and stalked towards the living room.

Tenchi was a bit less alarmed. "Well, thank goodness she's okay."
"But, Tenchi! We are still not sure about that! She's still unconscious! For
all we know, she could be seriously injured!"
Tenchi just smiled and hugged Ayeka. "It'll be okay, Ay-chan. Washu-chan will
be able to help Ryoko. You'll see."

Washu looked Ryoko over intently. "Hmm..no visible physical injuries. As far
as I can tell, it's malnutrition."
"Malnu-wha?" Piped up Mihoshi, who had just walked in behind Kiyone. They had
been present for the wedding, and had conceded to stay until Kamidake had
returned, not wanting to miss saying goodbye to him before going back to their
Galaxy Police duties.
Washu sighed. Even when she put things in the simplest terms she knew, Mihoshi
always seemed to misunderstand.
"That means she didn't get enough food, you baka!" growled Kiyone.
"Oh! Well, shouldn't you feed her, then?" Mihoshi inquired brightly (or dimly,
in Kiyone's point of view). Then she finally observed that Ryoko was
unconscious. "Ah, I guess she's taking a nap! Why are you all gathered around
her like that? Shouldn't you just let her sleep?"
Washu lifted her head. "I hate to say this, but Mihoshi's right. The best
thing to do now is to let her sleep. When she wakes up, we can try to get her
to eat." With those words, everyone but three people left the room. Mihoshi
and Kiyone went outside so Mihoshi wouldn't klutz up and wake Ryoko. Sasami
went to the kitchen to prepare dinner. Ayeka hopped up the stairs to change
out of her wedding dress. Yosho and Nobiyuki returned to their chess game.
Azaka returned to Sasami's room to practice Darkstalkers. That left Washu,
Tenchi, and Kamidake.
"Washu, will she be okay?" Kamidake asked.
Washu turned towards him, a glint in her eye. "What did you call me?"
Kamidake bowed. "I apologize. Washu-CHAN."
"That's better. Yes, she should be all right. As long as she wants to eat when
she wakes up."
Tenchi seemed perplexed. "Washu-chan, why would she not want to eat?"
Washu looked him in the eye. "Tenchi, you should know very well why she may
not wish to eat. You may not love her, but she still loves you, and she does
not seem to think that life is worth living without you."
Tenchi staggered backwards. "You mean that she was trying to starve herself to
death? Just because I love Ayeka instead of her? Why?"
Washu chuckled and shook her head. "You have a lot to learn about love,
Tenchi. It's a fickle thing. You need to understand that she loves you."
"This is too big for me. All I know is that I love Ayeka, and Ayeka loves me."
Tenchi threw up his arms in exasperation and walked out of the room.
Washu turned to Kamidake. "What about you, Kamidake? How do you feel about my
daughter?"
Kamidake jumped in surprise. "M-me? I like her. She is truly noble. Noble and
powerful enough in fact, that I am positive that she would make an excellent
knight."
Washu recovered her sly look. "Hum, and do you plan on helping my Little Ryoko
recover from her loss of Tenchi?"
        Kamidake jumped again. "Wha-what do you mean, Washu-chan? I don't know what
you're talking about!"
        Washu grinned maniacally. "A handsome boy like you would make an excellent
son-in-law, ne?"  She slinked closer to him. "She is very beautiful, isn't
she?"
        "H-hai, Washu-chan, she is." Kamidake managed to stammer out.
"Hum, how do you feel about her? Kamidake? Do you love her?" She hopped from
one foot to the other. "Well? Do you?"
"Wa-washu-chan! I-I don't know what you are talking about!" He blinked down at
the mad scientist, repeating his earlier phrase.
Washu stopped hopping around and looked him directly in the eye. "You know,
Kamidake, I was monitoring you and everyone else during the Kagato incident. I
was quite impressed with how you looked after my daughter. You seemed to truly
respect and care for her. Kamidake, look me in the eye and tell me that you do
not love her."
Kamidake paled in front of this protective and over-caffinated mother.
"I….don't….lo-love…" He paused. His eyes wandered from Washu's face to Ryoko's
serene visage.
Washu's grin returned. This was exactly what she wanted. To have another man
love her Little Ryoko and help her get over Tenchi. Please, Kamidake. Ryoko
needs someone right now. Please be that someone, Kamidake.
"W-wa-washu-chan." Kamidake was still looking at Ryoko. "I…I think I…"
Washu leaned forward a little. "Yes, Kamidake? If you are going to say
something, spit it out!"
Kamidake sighed. "Washu-chan…I…think t-that I l-l-l-love your
d-daughter"
Washu closed her eyes happily. He had finally said it! But, now she wanted him
to say her name. "Who do you love, Kamidake?"
"I-I-I love R-ry-ryoko."
"Oh, really? How much? Do you love her like a sister? A lover? Say it,
Kamidake!" The last part of that was hissed, and caused Kamidake to widen his
eyes at Washu in shock. She was not at all like her regular carefree self.
"Kamidake! I am the goddess Washu! I order you to tell me!"
"I, I love her with all my heart…a-as a l-lover." Kamidake felt weak in the
knees as he uttered these words. He felt as though he had just betrayed Ryoko.
She loved Tenchi, not him. But, oh God, she was beautiful. She had the most
noble soul he had ever seen. She had a caring spirit and a lovely disposition,
as long as you weren't on her bad side.
"Good. I thank you, Kamidake." Washu snapped her fingers dramatically, causing
her floating keypad to appear. She tapped a few times on it, and there was a
brilliant flash of light. Once the light faded, Kamidake found himself in a
strange bedroom. Ryoko was lying in the futon nearby, and he was standing
beside it. A screen with Washu's face projected on it floated alongside him.
"Washu-chan? Where are we? Wh-what do you want?" Kamidake paled, fearing the
worst.
But, Washu's face only laughed. "Oh, Kamidake, I don't want you to do that. At
least not yet, that is. I need you to look after her. Watch over her until she
wakes, and when she does, give her this." There was another flash of light,
and a tray with a mug of something appeared.
Kamidake looked at the mug curiously. "What is this, Washu-chan?"
"It's my own recipe. This will restore her metabolism and rehydrate her. Oh,
yes, here is something else." One more item materialized on the tray. It was a
large bowl of noodles. "Here's something for you to eat. I have a feeling you
may miss supper waiting on her."
Kamidake thanked Washu, and then asked, "Washu-chan? Are you going to tell any
of the others about my…feelings…for Ryoko?"
Washu cocked her head thoughtfully. "Hum, I will, but only if you want me to."
She looked a Kamidake curiously. "Do you wish me to?"
Kamidake considered it for a moment. "Not yet, Washu-chan. I want to first
find out if she returns my feelings. Until then…no."
Washu nodded, and the screen disappeared, leaving Kamidake and Ryoko alone.

"Supper's ready, everybody!" Sasami's cheerful voice called from the kitchen.
She walked into the dining room, her arms laden with plates of food.
"Oh, Sasami-chan, that looks delicious!"
"Why, thank you, Tenchi-san! I hope you enjoy it!"
"I'm sure we will, Sasami-chan. Now, Ten-chan, everybody, lets eat!" Ayeka,
who was seated on Tenchi's right side, spoke this last bit. She bowed her head
to Sasami in thanks.
Sasami finished setting the plates on the table, and then looked about in
confusion. "Ayeka, where's Ryoko-san? Won't she be joining us now that she's
back?"
Washu looked up from her bowl of noodles to answer her. "Sasami, Ryoko's still
sleeping. Kamidake is looking after her. Don't worry, I have them in one of my
rooms, in another dimension so Ryoko won't be disturbed by any unnecessary
noise." Washu glanced meaningfully at Mihoshi, who was too blissfully absorbed
in her food to notice.
"Well, I hope she'll be okay! In fact, I'm sure she will be!" Sasami
concluded, and plopped down to eat.

Kamidake was kneeling beside Ryoko's futon, watching her draw in each gentle
breath. He sighed miserably, knowing very well that she would never love him.
"Ryoko…" he whispered, ever so quietly.
"Mmm, mm, Tenchi…please say you love me, Tenchi…" Ryoko murmured in her sleep.
She tossed a little. "Please, Tenchi? Say that you love me…"
Kamidake leaned forward slightly, and whispered in her ear, "I love you,
Ryoko."
Ryoko stopped tossing and a small smile appeared on her face. She snuggled
deeper into the warm covers of the futon. A sad smile made it's way onto
Kamidake's face, as he watched Ryoko in her now peaceful slumber.

A few hours later, Kamidake was awakened from his light dozing by a soft voice
calling his name.
"Kamidake…Kamidake, where are we?" Kamidake wrenched his eyes open to see a
weak and dazed Ryoko sitting up and staring at his face.
"Ah, Ryoko-san, you're awake! Thank goodness, I, er, everyone was so worried!"
He hastily got up and went to the tray bearing Washu's mug of "something".
"Here, Ryoko-san, drink this. Your mother said it would make you feel better.
At least, I think that's what she meant."
Ryoko nodded her head. She understood all too well that what her mother said
could often be confusing. "Thank you, Kamidake." She took a sip of the still-
steaming liquid (Kamidake briefly wondered how Washu could have had that thing
stay hot for the hour they had been in the room. Of course, Washu was the
greatest scientific genius in the universe…or so she said.) "Mmm, oh wow, this
makes me feel much better!" Kamidake nervously shifted from one foot to
another as he watched her lick her lips. Ryoko turned to him.
"Kamidake…are we dead? How did you die…? Is something wrong?" Kamidake hastily
turned his eyes from Ryoko. He hadn't meant to stare, but she seemed so
hypnotizing.
"No, Ryoko, we're not dead, we're-" Suddenly, Ryoko interrupted him.
"You mean I'm still alive? And this is really Washu's room? I-I thought I was
in Hell…and this was just a prelude to the punishment for what I've done in my
life…" She sank to her knees and buried her face in her hands. A choked sob
escaped from her muffled mouth. "Tenchi…I've failed to escape you, haven't I?
It's not fair…Hell would be Heaven compared to a life without love…"
Kamidake was at a loss. He was unused to seeing his beautiful Ryoko so weak
and vulnerable. She was always brave and fearless, ready to jump in and save
her friends despite the odds against her. But now, here she was, huddled
against herself, sobbing.
"Ryoko, please, don't cry Ryoko. It'll be okay, I'm sure it will."  He
consoled her.
She looked up at him with red eyes. "Kamidake…do you understand me? How could
you possibly? Have you ever loved someone so much you would die for them? Have
you wanted that person to love you in return, only to find out that they love
someone else? To hold you, and whisper in your ear that their love for you was
beyond anything else?" She lowered her head again. "Kamidake, how can you
possibly?" She let another sob escape.
How could he possibly? He understood her, he understood her all too well. He
wanted to wrap his arms and whisper that he loved her over and over again. She
said that she wanted love, but only from Tenchi. But, he wanted love from her.
He watched her cry, dejected and lonely, huddled on the floor like a tiny,
lost child. She curled up and lay down on her side. "Kamidake?" she croaked
out. "Why are you here?"
"Washu wanted me to watch over you until you woke up, Miss Ryoko."
"Just call me Ryoko. Not that it matters…"
"All right, Mis-" Kamidake caught himself. "Ryoko." He stared at her with a
mixture of pity and fascination and love. Ryoko slowly cried herself to sleep
while Kamidake watched over her.

Ryoko awoke a half-hour later. She groggily blinked her eyes open, and it took
her a few seconds to realize that someone was holding her in their lap. She
was being held around the waist from behind, and whoever it was was stroking
her hair gently.
"Mmm, mm, Ka-mi-da-keeey…" she mumbled, recognizing the wisp of bright red
hair as his. "Mmmn, lemme up. I, I have to see something."
Kamidake's hand slid out from her waist. He helped her get up, and stood
behind her. "What are you going to do, Ryoko?" he asked. She turned her head
towards him.
"I'm gonna perform an experiment…you could say." she turned back around.
Squinting her eyes shut tight, she appeared to be concentrating. "Ah-ahh!!"
she cried out, and collapsed. Luckily, Kamidake caught her before she hit the
floor.
"What's wrong?!"
She shook her head frustratedly. "Damn…Washu, she put a barrier around this
room! My mother…can be such a friggin' bitch!"
A screen popped up in front of them both. "Now, now, Little Ryoko, is that
anyway to talk about your mother?" Washu called brightly from the screen.
Ryoko hissed. "It is when she's Washu! The greatest scientific genius in the
universe! Ha!"
Washu frowned. "Oh, well, that's when I get for playing matchmaker the old-
fashioned way!" She winked. "Hee, maybe I should try my way. Now that would be
lots of fun!"
"What the hell are you talking about, Washu?" Ryoko spat out each word
spitefully.
"Nothing you need to know about just yet, Little Ryoko. The shield is down.
Buh-bye!" Washu waved, and Ryoko disappeared.
"Wa-washu-chan! What did you do with Ryoko?!" He ran to the screen, angry.
"Ohh, nothing! I just stuck her in suspended animation for a few minutes while
we talk. I was wondering: Which of my methods should we use to hook you and
Ryoko up, eh?"
"Washu…"
"Hum, what do you think of whips and bondage?"
"No."
"Then what about a love potion?"
"No!"
She pouted. "Aw, then how about a demon's beauty contest?"
He paused. "A…demon's beauty contest?" What in the world was that? He was
about to ask her, when Washu suddenly beamed.
"Good choice! See ya, Kamidake!" She waved again.
"Wa-wait Washu, Waaaiiit!!!" Too late.
Author's Note: You're probably thinking right now, "Ryoko and Kamidake? He
hardly ever made an appearance in the TV series!". Yes, I know. But, Kamidake
just seemed so cool; I wanted to bring him back. Silly Pioneer and AIC forgot
about he and Azaka, or so it seemed to me! Oh, and you may not know what the
demon's beauty contest is. I have provided below a briefing of the story.

                     The Demon's Beauty Contest

There once were two powerful beings. An evil demon, Aneordo, who wanted
nothing more than the Earth's destruction. Then there was Liscania, a
beautiful demoness who spent her eternity battling Aneordo. But, her eternity
was coming to an end, and a new one would begin soon. Liscania was distraught,
knowing that Aneordo's eternity was longer than her own. Concocting a wise
plan, she talked to Aneordo. Liscania knew that Aneordo was extremely vain and
proud, and thought that he knew all there was to know. She used this to her
advantage.
"Aneordo, I know of something that may interest you."
Aneordo hissed in return, "Lissscaniaa…You are ssso beautiful. Yet you arre
alssso very powerful, and block the Earth'sss dessstruction. What do you
want?"
"Aneordo, I wish to make a deal with you. There are two humans that can help
us end this endless fight." She held up her slender hands to prevent him from
interrupting. "These two happen to be royalty. They are both very lovely. I
want to hold a beauty contest to see which is more beautiful."
"Liscania, you know that if you lose, you will cease to exist. That is what
happens when demons bet and lose. And besides, we will each argue that one is
more beautiful than the other."
"Ah, but you will disappear if you lose, Aneordo. And we shall not decide, the
humans will."
"What? The inferior humans decide in place of us? Never! They will not be able
to decide. They are too stupid."
"No, it is perfect! I will put them asleep, and confine them together. They
will be robbed of their clothing. We will wake them each in turn, and whoever
reacts the most, the other will be declared the most beautiful. Very simple."
"Yes. Show me the humans."
Liscania held up her hands, and two images appeared. One was a handsome prince
of a man, with purple eyes and honey-colored hair. The second was a princess,
with silky, black hair and intense green eyes.
Aneordo stroked his chin thoughtfully. "This is easy! The woman is obviously
the more beautiful of the two." He laughed. Was Liscania really such a fool to
let him choose first? The first demon that made his choice first got to keep
his choice, despite the protestations of the second party.
"Very well…I choose the man." She bowed her head, and the figures disappeared.

To make a VERY long story short, the girl reacted most, meaning the male was
more attractive. Liscania won, and peace was restored. The point? Both the
woman and man fell in love with each other at first sight, and traveled to the
ends of the Earth to find each other again. Washu is plotting…Beware…

Author's Second note: Ha, that's it. Do you understand what Washu's gonna do
now? Might get a different reaction from Ryoko other than love, though. Maybe
murder. Watch out, Kamidake!
What do you think so far? Is it really good? Does it suck? Feel free to send
me any comments, questions, suggestions, and basically anything you want to
tell me, 'cause I love getting e-mail, to Ryoko720@aol.com and I'll be oh-so-
happy!

Preview of next episode: No Need for Kidnapping!
Tenchi: Sasami gets kidnapped! Where's Sasami?
Ayeka: My poor little sister, what will become of her? Will Tsunami help?
Washu: Meanwhile, I have invented a brilliant device to locate it!
Unfortunately, an air-headed ditz ruins it!
Kiyone: It's unquestionably frustrating!
Mihoshi: *before fade out* Waaah! I'm so sorry!