"Tenchi Muyo!" and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, 
save those created by the author.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and does 
not express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Thanksgiving

	Dedication: to all of those serving across the world and at home to 
protect our freedoms: thank you.


	The autumn wind swirled through the trees surrounding the Masaki Shrine.  
The yellows, browns, and reds looked like an artists palette.  A swatch of color 
here, a dab there and a splash on top of that.  Everyone loves the fall on 
earth, even Tenchi, although the falling leaves do make for more work around the 
shrine.  The air is crisp and the sky clear.  This was a perfect day to be 
alive.  Even Ryo-Ohki was having fun playing in the freshly raked piles of 
leaves.  Soon the savory smell of sweet potatoes wafted across the shrine.  
	Returned to this dimension from his daydream Tenchi looked across the 
shrine to the small fire Sasami was tending.  All around her was Ayeka, Washu, 
and Mihoshi.  
	'Strange,' he thought, 'Ryoko never misses Sasami's sweet potatoes.  Oh 
well.'  He smiled at his collected family and hurried with his chores.  By the 
time he was finished Sasami was pulling the first potatoes from the embers.
	"Just in time Tenchi!" she said enthusiastically, offering him one of the 
yams.
	"Thank you, Sasami," he said taking a tentative bite being careful not to 
burn his mouth.  "Where's Ryoko?"
	"I saw he by the lake earlier," answered Washu between mouthfuls.
	"Why bother," mumbled Ayeka.
	"Just wondering," replied Tenchi.  They sat on the shrine steps eating 
together, sharing small talk and listening to Ayeka's plans for the future.  
Tenchi just hung his head and sighed.  
	"I need to go to town," said Sasami as she finished her potato.
     	"What ever for?" asked Ayeka.
	"I need to shop for Thanksgiving tomorrow."
	"What's that?" asked Mihoshi.  Ayeka and Washu seemed to be equally 
confused.
	"I heard about it on TV the other day so I asked Tenchi about it," she 
explained.  "He showed me in his world history book.  Its American."
	"When the first settlers came to America," continued Tenchi between bites, 
"they endured a harsh winter.  But by the next year with help from the Native 
Americans they had enough to survive the winter.  In celebration they fixed a 
large feast to give thanks."  Everyone was nodding their heads except for 
Mihoshi, who looked as confused as ever.
	"Later on during that country's civil war the President made it a national 
holiday."
	"So why are we celebrating it?" asked Ayeka.  "If it's an American holiday 
why celebrate it in Okayama?"
	"It's the meaning of thanksgiving that's important!" said Sasami.  "We're 
all thankful for being here, and we love each other, so that's enough reason for 
me!"
	"I agree," said Tenchi.  "It's the spirit that counts, so we're going to 
have thanksgiving dinner tomorrow."
	"It sounds wonderful!" chimed in Mihoshi, thinking with her stomach.  "I 
can't wait.  I'll give you a ride into town Sasami," she offered.
	"Okay Mihoshi."  
	"Are you really thankful for us being here, Lord Tenchi?" said Ayeka as 
Sasami and Mihoshi walked down the steps.  
	"Yes I am," replied Tenchi.  "I'm thankful for all of you being here."
	"Well I'd be thankful if Ryoko would pull her weight around here," snipped 
Ayeka, never missing a chance to get a jab in on her archrival.
	"Don't talk like that," scolded Tenchi.  "You know I don't like it."  He 
hated it when the girls talked badly about the other.  He wanted tomorrow to a 
special day.  "Promise me Ayeka," he began sternly, "you won't cause a fuss 
tomorrow."
	"I'll try," she pouted.  "But that demon usually starts it."
	"Ayeka."
	"I promise Lord Tenchi.  Lord Tenchi, where are you going?" she asked as 
he walked down the steps. 
	"I'm going to find Ryoko and make her promise as well."
	"You'd almost think that he cared about her," she quipped, thinking Tenchi 
was out of earshot. 
	"I do," he replied flatly.
	"Open mouth, insert foot," chuckled Washu.  "Come on princess, let's head 
back to the house before you dig a hole you can't crawl out of." 


	Tenchi found the cyan trussed space pirate out by the lake, right where 
Washu said she would be.  She was just lying on the boardwalk dangling a foot 
into the water.  Ryu-Oh's tree was providing just enough shade from the 
afternoon sun to make it exceptionally pleasant.  Tenchi found himself watching 
her, trying his best not to disturb her.  He admired her pleasant shape, and how 
peaceful she appeared to be for a change.  A peaceful moment with Ryoko was 
worth its weight in gold.  That and Ayeka was not around either.
	'Yes I'm thankful,' he thought.  'If only I could say it.'  As he rocked 
back against an old oak tree a twig snapped beneath his foot.  He gulped as it 
shattered the quiet of the afternoon.  Immediately Ryoko shot up into a fighting 
stance, sword formed.
	"Who's there!" she demanded, looking all around her.  When she saw Tenchi 
standing across the bank she dissipated her sword and floated back down.  "Don't 
startle me like that," she said shaking her head.
	"I'm sorry," he apologized walking over to her.  "I was just watching 
you."  Tenchi's trademark blush spread across his face as his compliment 
garnered a smile from Ryoko.
	"I just still feel uneasy at times," she said hugging herself.  "I was 
just trying to relax a bit."
	"That's fine," he began taking a seat next to her.  "You're safe here.  
Kagato's dead and you've been forgiven of the things he made you do."
	"I know," sighed Ryoko.  "But after being forced to be cruel for so long, 
well I guess certain nightmares are hard to shake."
	"I can understand," confided Tenchi.  He picked a pebble up and skipped it 
across the lake.  "After my mother died I couldn't sleep for a long while."
	"But you had nothing to do with that," said Ryoko.
	"I know that now, but then I didn't.  To my mind it was my fault."  A 
light breeze had picked up and it only increased Tenchi's shiver.  "For the 
longest I blamed myself."
	"And your saying I blame myself for things I had no control over," chimed 
Ryoko.
	"Exactly."
	"So how did you get over that?"
	"As I grew older I came to understand that I had nothing to do with her 
death, and that I should be thankful for what time I got to spend with her."
	"But what can I be thankful for?" asked Ryoko nearly in tears.  "I was 
taken as a child, my mother imprisoned, and I was forced to do unspeakable 
acts."
	"You can be thankful for me," said Tenchi, looking into her golden eyes.  
	"But you love Ayeka," she said sadly.
	"I never said that."  Instantly her demeanor changed.  What was angst and 
self-hatred now became hope.
	"Are you saying what I think you are?"
	"I might be.  Just promise one thing."
	"Anything," replied Ryoko with a sultry look in her eyes.
	"Don't cause a fuss at dinner tomorrow."  Ryoko nearly fell over.  Her 'I 
love you' did not come.  "Please Ryoko."
	"Alright Tenchi.  But just for you.  What's so special about dinner 
tomorrow anyway?"
	"Sasami and I decided to celebrate Thanksgiving, so I would like you and 
Ayeka to get along."
	"You're asking for the world," she said rolling her eyes towards the back 
of her head.
	"I knew I could count on you," said Tenchi with a smile.  He leaned over 
and gave her a kiss on the cheek.  Ryoko blushed redder than he did and just 
looked at him in shock.  "I'll see you later!" with that Tenchi got up and 
headed towards the house.  
 
	For the longest Ryoko just sat there with a dumb look on her face.  Then 
it finally dawned on her.
	"He kissed me!  Alright!" she yelled pumping her fist. As quickly as she 
did she slapped a hand over her mouth.
	"Better not let Ayeka hear that," she whispered.  "Maybe he does love me."  
After a moment of star struck daydreaming she decided to go back to the house.
	"Maybe he does."


	That night everyone planned what he or she would do for dinner the next 
day.  After a little research on Washu's part it was decide to go with a 
traditional American dinner with a few Japanese modifications.  Everyone took 
responsibility for preparing a dish and Ayeka promised to make a traditional 
Juraian festival desert.  With the plans laid out everyone went off to bed.

	Tenchi was having a difficult time getting to sleep.  He kept thinking 
back to what he had said to Ryoko out by the lake earlier in the day.  It had 
been nearly fifteen years since his mother passed away, and at times the pain 
seemed as fresh as the day she died.  He knew that she loved him, and that his 
father had gone out of his way to provide the best for him.  But all in all he 
needed to be someone tonight.  And he knew just who that would be.
	He quietly slid his door open and scanned the rafters for a certain space 
pirate.  Her pillow was there, but there was no sign of Ryoko.
	"Where can she be," he whispered.  He slid his door shut and walked out to 
his balcony.  He looked up to the roof and saw what looked like a foot dangling 
over the edge.
	"Bingo."  
Quietly he climbed up the bamboo ladder and peeked over the edge.  Twice now he 
had a quite moment with Ryoko.  To boot both of them were in the same day.  This 
time she noticed him with out going on the defensive and motioned for him to 
come sit next to her.
	"Someone else couldn't sleep either," she assumed out loud.  
	"Yeah, I was just thinking tonight."
	"What about?"  
	"A little of this, a little of that," he replied placing an arm around 
her.  "I just need to be with an understanding soul tonight."  Ryoko blushed at 
Tenchi's act of affection.  Getting a hug out of him usually took an act of 
parliament and an order from the emperor-the one in Tokyo and Jurai!  Tenchi 
returned Ryoko's blush and smile.  He did enjoy being in her company.  He just 
wished that Ayeka could see in her what he did.  Then maybe she would be a 
little kinder.  
	'Over the past two years I've come to know you better Ryoko,' he thought.  
'So why is it so hard for me to share my feelings for you?  Why can't I just say 
what I feel?  What am I afraid of?  Damn it Masaki.'  
	Ryoko's soft voice returned him from his self-contemplation.  "What's the 
matter Tenchi?"  The concern in her voice was genuine.  "Are you alright?"
	"Yeah I guess Ryoko," he began shaking his head.   "I just don't know 
anymore," he sighed.  "I want to say some thing but I just can't find the 
courage to do it."  Ryoko shifted around to look him in the eyes.  The white 
glow of the half moon cast a silver light on his dark hair.  Tenchi had noticed 
the similar affect on Ryoko's powder blue hair, each spike looked more defined 
than ever.  A sparkle flashed across her golden eyes, reflecting his and her 
feelings.  Tenchi lost himself in her deep amber orbs.  A falling star streaked 
across the sky further complimenting the moment.  
	"What are you trying to say Tenchi?"  Ryoko felt like her stomach was 
turning cartwheels.  Ever since she had assimilated with Zero, she had become 
more in touch with her emotions.  Washu had split her memory subroutines when 
Kagato imprisoned them in the event that Ryoko could be freed.  Now she had her 
full memories and range of emotions.  At times she loved them, especially when 
she could garner a compliment from Tenchi.  At others she hated them.  This was 
one of the other times.
	A moment of silence passed as Tenchi fumbled for the right words.  'I 
can't be that hard,' he thought.  His hands were shaking and he was beginning to 
sweat, even though the night air was rather crisp.  Finally he gathered his 
courage and swallowed hard.
	"I want to say that I care for you deeply," he began.  Ryoko's feelings 
crashed.  Once again what she had been hoping for did not come.
	"But you love Ayeka," she interjected.
	"I did not say that!" exclaimed Tenchi.
	"Then what are you saying?"  Tears were welling in Ryoko's eyes.  Tenchi 
decided that if he did not say it now he might loose his chance forever.  He 
opened his mouth but no words came out.  To Ryoko that was confirmation of her 
worse fears.
	"You're horrible Tenchi Masaki," she cried beginning to float away.  
Tenchi shot forward and grabbed her hand.  Instantly he pulled her back down to 
the roof.  He decided to do what he could not say.  Tenchi placed a hand behind 
her neck and leaned closer.  Tears of joy replaced those of sorrow streaking 
Ryoko's face as their lips met.  A moment passed before they pulled apart.
	"That's what I was trying to say," he said softly wiping the tears from 
her face.  "I wanted to tell you along time ago but I just never could find the 
words.  I'm sorry for the heartbreak all those times I pushed you away.  I just 
couldn't figure out my own feelings."    
	  "So what changed your mind," she asked softly, holding him closer than 
ever before.
	"I just realized what I was truly thankful for.  Now lets go in.  You can 
take my bed and I'll sleep on the futon."
	"Can't we sleep together?  I promise that I want do anything too naughty," 
she cooed at him.
	"Alright."  
They shared a bed that night in peaceful sleep.  For the first time in ages both 
Tenchi and Ryoko felt at peace with the world.  The next morning Tenchi woke up 
early to get his shrine chores finished early.  As he headed out of his room he 
walked over and gave the sleeping Ryoko a light kiss.
"So peaceful," he mused closing the door behind him.  He had a lot to do before 
dinner that day.


	That evening the table was set and everyone gathered around.  A feast fit 
for the emperor had been laid out and everybody was impressed.
	"Oh wow!" squeaked Mihoshi, her eyes bigger than saucers.  "It all looks 
so good!"
	"We'd better hurry," chuckled Ryoko, "before Mihoshi eats it all!"  After 
a round of laughter Ayeka called for a toast.
	"To Lord Tenchi, Katsuhito, and father Nobeyugi for opening their home to 
us all.  Their hospitality has been tremendous.  On behalf of the royal family 
of Jurai, Thank you."  Tenchi blushed as ever one applauded.  As the applause 
died down Ryoko stood and raised her glass.
	"I want to thank all of you as well-even you princess."  Ayeka smirked at 
the half compliment garnering a fanged grin in return from Ryoko.  "For the 
longest I never had a family.  Kagato imprisoned mom and stole me when I was 
just a child.  You can never know how grateful I am to have a chance to have a 
family, and the love that comes with it.  Thank you."  Even Ayeka was touched by 
Ryoko's toast.  Washu gave her a hug and promised Ryoko that she would never let 
any harm befall her or her new family again.  She shot a glance across to Tenchi 
who smiled back at her.  There was something else she was thankful for but now 
wasn't the time to say it.  
	Finally Tenchi stood up and looked around the table.  Here was the group 
of people he cared about more than anything.  His Grandfather and Father.  
Princess' Ayeka and Sasami.  Mihoshi, and Washu.  And Ryoko, the woman he had 
come to love.  The only thing missing was his mother, but he knew that she was 
watching him and smiling.
	"Each and every one of you are precious to me," he began. "Ever since you 
came to our door my life has been different, and I am glad.  I love each and 
every one of you, and I would do anything for you.  This house was missing 
something for the longest and since you came it has been complete.  For that I 
thank each of you.
	"Lady Ayeka thank you for being my friend and teaching me about Jurai. You 
bring a touch of grace to this house.
	"Sasami your joyful spirit and giving heart are an example to all of us.  
We would all do well to be like you.  
	"Little Washu, with out you life would be too quiet around here.  Your 
presence is the calm in the storm.
	"Mihoshi, you have the kindest and softest heart of us all.
	"Ryoko, you have made my life an adventure and helped me find a part of me 
that was missing for a long time.
	"Dad and Grandpa, you two have gone out of your way to raise me, and I 
hope my actions make you and mom proud."   
	"Well said," complimented Katsuhito amongst the applause.  There was not a 
dry eye at the table. Tenchi looked up as Ryoko played her foot across his.  He 
smiled back at her as the first trays were passed around.  Dinner went smoothly 
and everyone ate his or her fill.  Just as desert was brought out a strange 
beeping sound came from Washu's lab.
	"Now what could that be?" asked Ayeka.
	"It's time," said Washu.  Instantly every one knew what was happening.  
The Masaki family was about to grow by one.  
	"Oh wow!" exclaimed Sasami as they raced into the lab.  A red light was 
blinking next to an iridescent chamber.  Inside the baby Mayuka was quietly 
sucking on a thumb.
	"Is it time already?" asked Ryoko as the swirling fluid began to drain 
away.
	"Yep," replied Washu as she pulled the newborn infant from the chamber.  
She cleared her airways and gave her a tap on the bottom of her foot.  The lab 
became filled with cries as everyone watched in amazement at the new life.
	"Too bad Kiyone on patrol," sobbed Mihoshi.  Ryo-Ohki reached over from 
Sasami's shoulder and patted her head.  
	"Your daughter Lord Tenchi," said Washu, handing Tenchi the blued haired 
baby.  Tenchi pulled back the corner of the yellow blanket and smiled at the 
baby Mayuka.  
	"We have one more reason to be thankful," he said.  Every one agreed on 
that.

The end.

Authors notes:  I figured a Thanksgiving story would fit in nicely and set the 
stage for a Christmas story, now that little Mayuka is here.  I apologize to all 
the Kiyone fans.  This started as an OVA fic and I forgot she was in the second 
movie.  I sincerely thank all of you who read my stories. All feed back is 
welcome at: vette1701@earthlink.net.   Later.
William R. Nichols Jr.  11/23/01
              
