Public Disclaimer

Tenchi and all its characters are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  
Tenchi Muyo! and all it's characters were created by Masaki 
Kajishima.  The author of this fan fiction only owns the 
writings. 

	I wrote this fan fiction because I love Tenchi Muyo!  
I think it is one of the greatest series ever written.
-----------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------

                                           Tenchi Muyo!
                                                 In
                                    That Time of the Month!
                                                 By
                                           Rene Chavez
                                  Renechavez@sprintmail.com


FROM THE JOURNAL OF TENCHI MASAKI
Journal entry: 456725-B

	Let me first say that I am shy around women, but I 
know about the human anatomy and how the woman's body 
works, sort of.  In the past few years I have lived with my 
extended "houseguest," I have learned to keep track of this 
event in my calendar and pray that it go quickly.  Eternal 
vigilance has become my middle name.

	It all started about two days ago.  I woke up on a 
beautiful Sunday morning.  I took a deep breath and let all 
my worries go.  Suddenly, a pair of arms stretched around 
my waist.  I could felt two firm, yet soft, bulges against 
my back.  All my worries suddenly returned.

	"Good morning, my dearest Tenchi," spoke Ryoko.  She 
spoke in a soft voice.  I did not dare turn around.  I know 
this may come at a surprise to everybody, but I actually 
like feeling her warm body against mine.  I'm not dead, I 
am very aware of Ryoko's beauty, but if Ayeka or anyone 
else walks in, I will cease to exist.  Trying to escape or 
turning around to face her would make this compromising 
situation worse.  Experience is a great teacher.

	"Ryoko, please" I told her.  I tried to politely get 
away from her, but she doesn't understand the meaning of 
"subtlety."  I just had to jump away.  Unfortunately, my 
skills and reflexes have improved a little too well.  I 
jumped up, ran back into my room, tripped, and landed on my 
bed.  Ryoko quickly took this the wrong way, again.  She 
reappeared on top of me.  She was giggling and laughing.

	"I knew this day would come, my Tenchi.  Let's make 
love all morning and forget about the rest of the 
universe!" said Ryoko.  She pressed her lips against mine.  
I could feel her tongue going into my mouth.  It really 
felt nice.  For a moment, I stood there and I guess I kind 
of enjoyed it.  Then I got scared when she quickly moved in 
and started undressing me.  Sword fighting Ryoko is tough, 
but fighting her off while trying to hold on to my clothing 
is a life and death struggle.  

	I broke her kiss.  "Ryoko! Please!" I pleaded.  Ryoko 
stopped and looked at me.  I had no idea what was going on 
in her head.  Suddenly, she started crying.  I was totally 
caught unprepared.  I quickly sat up and put my arm around 
her.

	"I....know why you don't want me?" she cried, "You 
think I'm too fat!"  I think my jaw dropped to the floor.

	"Ryoko, please, you are very pretty and in great 
shape," I replied.  I don't even think it is possible for 
her to get fat.  Ryoko continued to cry.

	"Look at me, I look horrible!" she claimed.  I wanted 
to reassure her some more, but suddenly Ayeka burst into 
the room.

	"What are you doing with my Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka 
demanded.  My life flashed before me again.  Another fight 
was going to happen and Ayeka was blocking the door.  I 
just had to hope that I wouldn't get too hurt.  Both girls 
stared at each other.  I could feel their powers charging 
up.

	"Uh, Ryoko, Ayeka, please.  It is just a 
misunderstanding," I really wanted to talk things out.

	"SHUT UP!" they both yelled.  Why does it always have 
to be this hard?

	"Breakfast is ready!" Sasami yelled from downstairs.  
Ryoko's eyes lit up.

"I'm so hungry!" Ryoko said and teleported away.  Ayeka and 
I stood there dumbfounded.  I didn't even have time to 
breathe when suddenly, Ayeka grabbed me and pressed her 
head against my chest.  She was on the verge of tears.

	"Please, Lord Tenchi, I must know.  I need to ask you 
something important," Ayeka looked up at me with pleading 
eyes.

	"You can ask me anything, Miss Ayeka," I said.

	Her eyes were beginning to water.  "Am I still 
attractive to you, Lord Tenchi?  Please, I must know!" she 
asked.

	"You are always very beautiful Miss Ayeka.  Please 
tell me.  What's the matter?"  I had no idea what was going 
on.  I know chaos run rampant at this house, but this is 
going to the extreme. 

	She looked at me with bright hopeful eyes.  Her smile 
was as bright as the sun itself.  I could never lie to 
Ayeka.  She is one of the most beautiful girls I have ever 
seen.  She quickly regained her composure.

	"Thank you for the nice compliment, Tenchi-sama.  It 
makes me feel better knowing that I can please you," she 
said with a sly tone.  I gulped and started to sweat again.  
I could never understand what she really meant when she 
talked like that.

	"I need to take a bath.  Could you tell Sasami I'll 
eat later?" I had to get out of the room quickly.  Ayeka 
looked a little disappointed as I walked out.  She simply 
nodded and walked downstairs.  

	I was in the onsen when I suddenly realized what was 
going on.  Both Ryoko and Ayeka were going through their 
"time of the month."  How could I have been so stupid?  I'm 
not as naïve as everybody would like to think.  I know a 
few things about the facts of life.  I may not understand 
them, but I know a few things.  Living with these girls for 
the last few years has taught me a thing or two about 
women.  Usually, one would irritate the other during their 
time and everything would blow over with little damage to 
the house.  Ayeka would act more demurely while Ryoko would 
go out and get drunk.  I had no idea what was going to 
happen now that both of them were on it at the same time.  
This worried me a lot.  I will admit that I blush watching 
tampon commercials when one of the girls is watching with 
me.  I cannot even watch a bra commercial without turning 
red.  It just brings feelings within me that I don't think 
would be appropriate, especially with Ayeka or Ryoko.  But 
this situation demanded action!  I finished up my bath and 
dressed.  I was going to act and resolve this matter.  

I had to go to the one person who can help me, Washu!  She 
would help me.  Surely, she has given them medicines and 
such to help them over.  I laughed to myself for a second.  
She probably forgot to talk to them about it.  
Unfortunately, there was a sign on her door saying she will 
be unavailable for a few days because of some experiment.  
I stood there cursing my luck.
	
"Oh it's good you're here," Sasami said as I walked into 
the dining room, "Ryoko and Ayeka decided to wait and eat 
with you when you came from your bath."  This was 
wonderful.  I could barely hide my expression of doom.  
"Oh, they shouldn't have.  Wait, weren't they really 
hungry?" I said.  

"Yeah, but they both lost their appetite when you didn't 
show," replied Sasami.  Sasami reached into her pocket and 
pulled out a note. 

	"Grandpa left you this," Sasami handed me a note.  I 
opened it and read it.

	I couldn't believe it.  It was from Grandpa saying 
that he's going on a retreat for a couple of days.  Now 
that I remember, Dad mentioned that he was going fishing 
with some friends over the weekend.  Oh God!  They both 
knew what was going on and didn't tell me.  I wanted to run 
away, but I knew they would just follow me.   This had to 
happen during a school break.  

	"Here you go, Tenchi," Sasami's voice broke my train 
of thought.  She looked at me with a warm smile.  I can't 
believe how easily she brightened my mood.  She looked down 
at me and frowned a little.  "Are you alright, Tenchi?" she 
asked.

	I smiled back trying to hide my thoughts.  "Oh yeah, 
I've just got some things on my mind.  Don't worry about 
it," I said.  

	"Is this about Ayeka's time?" Sasami asked directly.  
I was a little shocked hearing her ask about it.  She seems 
too young to know about such things.  I couldn't help but 
be embarrassed.  Sasami is the last person I want to talk 
to this about.

	"Uh, what do mean?" I asked.  Oh god! Why wasn't 
Washu here?  She could probably come up with something.

	"Ayeka tells me that her friend is visiting, but I 
never see anybody.  She usually says your name a lot and 
eats a lot of chocolates.  Even in her sleep, she says your 
name and it sound like she's dreaming of wrestling you or 
something," Sasami said.

	I just stood there speechless.  As Kami-sama is my 
witness, my legs were going numb and I felt my nose about 
to spurt blood.  I just smiled and rubbed my head, "Oh, 
it's nothing really, Sasami.  You know how Ayeka gets," I 
hoped she would start buying this.  Sasami nodded.  "I 
hoped Mihoshi would get back from the store but I guess I 
could put her food in the oven," Sasami said.  She walked 
back into the kitchen.  I could hear her giggle in the 
kitchen.  Did she know something I don't?  I only had time 
for a few bites when both Ayeka and Ryoko appeared.  

	"Good morning, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said as she sat 
down next to me.  Ryoko appeared at her usual spot on the 
other side of me.  Everything was good and quiet for a 
while.  Suddenly I felt a hand caressing my thigh.  I 
quickly looked down and I was about to pass out from the 
shock.  Ayeka was rubbing my thigh and moving up.  I froze.  
I expect this from Ryoko, but Ayeka is a complete shock.  I 
snapped back to reality when Ryoko put her arms around my 
shoulders.  "Tenchi, you shouldn't have run off like that.  
I'm going to have to think of ways to punish you, you bad 
boy," she whispered in my ear.  I could feel another 
nosebleed coming.

	"Lord Tenchi ran away to save his own life for a 
horrible monster named Ryoko!" shouted Ayeka.  She pinched 
Ryoko's hands off me.

	"You haven't seen yourself in the mirror have you, 
little princess," replied Ryoko.  I could feel both of them 
charging up their powers.  They were going to fight again 
and I was once again trapped in the middle.

	"Uh, Ryoko, Ayeka, please no fighting," I said.

	"Stay out!" they both screamed.  I just had to step 
back.  I finished my food anyway.  I should have known that 
I was just an object for them to fight over.  If I weren't 
around, they would fight over something else.  Still, they 
are my friends.

	I managed to run out of the house in time.  I heard a 
boom from inside the house.  Luckily, they didn't see me 
leave.  I had to think of something to get away.  Then 
inspiration struck me.  I just had enough time to get out 
and head to the mall.  I caught the bus in time and I think 
none of the girls saw me.  I could get into town, check out 
a movie and hang out.  The girls would get mad, but I could 
buy them a present.  I could buy five nice necklaces or 
something.  Nothing expensive, just something that looks 
nice.  

	The mall was a nice change of pace.  I caught a movie 
and caught up on some new mangas.  This is what I needed.  
Sometime away from all the chaos was good.  I sat down at 
the park and watched a dance party.  It was some TV showing 
kids dancing around at the park.  

	"Hello," said a voice from behind.  I turned around 
saw Ayeka standing behind me.  I was about to ask how she 
found me, but I knew better.  

	"Ayeka, nice to see you here," I said.  She was quiet 
and somber.

	"I'm sorry for interrupting your day," she said.  I 
didn't mean to hurt her.  I knew she must have been 
thinking I ran out on them.  Which is true and I feel bad 
now.

	"No, I just wanted to go out and get some shopping 
done.  I caught this show and just started watching," I 
said.  She seemed to be cheered up.  I reached into my bad 
and pulled out one of the necklaces.  "I know you have tons 
of rare and more valuable jewels, but I thought this would 
look nice on you," I said.  I pulled open the package and 
showed her a nice gold (plated) necklace.  It was plain 
with a purple gem (or crystal) on it.  I'm not a rich man.  
Good thing I didn't blow all my cash at the arcades.    

Ayeka's eyes sparkled.  "Oh, Tenchi, it is the most 
beautiful necklace I have ever seen," she said.  She 
quickly put in on and smiled.  I had to admit it looked 
nice on her.  I think Ayeka sparkled more than the purple 
emerald.  

"Tenchi, have you seen Mihoshi?" she asked.
"No, Miss Ayeka," I said.  I just remembered I haven't seen 
her all day.

"We went out looking for her," she said.  Her look gave her 
away.  I knew they would go out looking for me.  "I'm sure 
she's fine," I said.

Ayeka looked out to the people dancing.  "Oh, that looks 
like fun.  Tenchi would you please dance with me?" she 
asked.  I'm not much of a dancer, but it did seem like fun.  
I took Ayeka's hand and led her down to the dance way.  
Just as we stepped on the dance floor, the music shifter to 
a slow dance.  She quickly put her arms around me.  We 
gently moved around to the rhythm of the music.  She rested 
her head on my chest.  This was a nice feeling.  I opened 
my eyes and stiffened a little.  We were directly in front 
of the TV camera.  I slowly moved away then another jolt of 
fear struck me.  I felt a squeeze from behind.  I looked 
down to and saw Ayeka's hand.  Is this how Jurians get?  

"Miss Ayeka," I said.  She put her finger on my lip.  She 
smiled and caressed my cheek.  Ayeka has always been a more 
polite and formal.  This was too much for me.  She removed 
her finger and started moving closer to me.  I stood there 
frozen.  Our lips gently touched.  It wasn't as passionate 
as Ryoko's, but there was something more there.  My heart 
started beating so fast.  Ayeka slowly moved her lips away.  
She looked at me with a loving look.  A warm feeling came 
over my body as she held me in her harms.  I suddenly 
became aware that I had my arms around her and I could feel 
her warmth and softness.

"Tenchi!  Do you know how long we have been looking for 
you?" screamed a voice.  Ayeka and me both turned our 
heads.  It was Sasami smiling.  "Why did you run off like 
that this morning?" she asked.  I was about to answer when 
she interrupted me.  "Do you know Ayeka had a fit and made 
us run out looking for you?" she stated.  I looked over to 
Ayeka.  She was smiling hiding her embarrassment.  She 
walked over to Sasami giggling.

"Please Sasami, you exaggerate too much," she said.  "We 
were concerned for you," Ayeka continued.

"I guess we should start heading back then," I said.  It 
was getting late and might as well head back to the chaos.  
I reached into my bag and handed Sasami a spatula.  It 
wasn't just an ordinary spatula.  It had Sasami's name 
engraved on the handle.  Her face brightened and gave me a 
strong hug.

"Thank you, Tenchi!" said Sasami.

"Please Sasami, that is not ladylike.  Remember, we are in 
public," she said sternly.  Sasami simply nodded and took 
her sister's hand.  A thought occurred to me.

"Where's Ryoko?" I asked. 

"She was with Ayeka when we came out of the bus," Sasami 
said.

Ayeka giggled, "I saw her head into some bar.  She said not 
to worry about her."  Ayeka then grabbed my arm and started 
walking back to the bus stop.

The bus ride was uneventful and we headed back home.  I had 
to admit that it wasn't really a bad day.  I managed to get 
by without getting hurt or having to repair the house.  
Sasami went it to make dinner and Ayeka and I relaxed 
watching TV.  She still put her hand on my thigh.  How long 
am I going have to deal with this?

Dinner came and it was just we three.  The phone rang 
before we sat down.  It was Mihoshi saying that she was 
lost, but she thinks she found the way home.  I was about 
to start on my meal when Ryoko suddenly appeared.  Her eyes 
were bloodshot and she stank of sake.  

"Hey! you little bitch!" screamed Ryoko.  Ayeka stood with 
her nose high.  Ryoko continued pointing.  "You spiked my 
drink just so you could get to Tenchi!" Ryoko accused.  

"You just drank till you passed out, that's what drunken 
whores like you do after all," Ayeka crossed her arms.  
Ayeka stood up.  I slowly crawled out of the room.  Sasami 
managed to clear the table and set everything up in the 
kitchen.  I joined and started eating.  We could hear 
crashes and small explosions going on in the next room.  
Sasami and I didn't speak.  We just sat and ate like 
normal.

The evening went quickly as I cleaned up the room and fixed 
what I could.  I guess Washu could help whenever she gets 
back.  I was too tired.  My legs were getting heavy by the 
time I headed into my room.  Good thing Ayeka and Ryoko 
were too exhausted from their fight to come bother me.  I 
decided to give Ryoko her necklace later when she isn't so 
emotional.  I started to drift away until I heard a knock 
on my door.

I got up and walked over.  A sudden chill came down my 
spine.  I opened the door.  I could feel my eyes going wide 
and another nosebleed coming.  There in front of me, stood 
Mihoshi wearing a Kimono.

"Evening Tenchi," she said in a low voice.  Something was 
wrong here.  She was not her usual energetic self.  She was 
quiet but still very serious.  She pulled out a bottle of 
champagne and held two glasses.

"Sorry for being out all day.  I've had to get some women's 
things.  But I'm here for you and only you," said Mihoshi.  
OH NO!  NOT HER TOO!

She loosened her Kimono.  I caught a glimpse of Mihoshi's 
full exposed chest.  I could feel a trickle of blood going 
down my nose.  She moved in closer.  "I want you Tenchi.  
You're my destiny," she said.  I remember hitting the floor 
but nothing else.

  I don't remember much about what happened later.  I think 
I was somehow saved, but I don't recall a thing.  I woke up 
hanging from one of Washu's contraption.  I was stripped to 
my boxers and being examined.  I still can't remember how I 
ended up there.  If I didn't have my tongue strapped to 
something.  I would have thanked her.  Instead, I passed 
out again.  Something tells me that I shouldn't remember 
what happened later.  I guess I should really count my 
blessings.  I have the most wonderful friends on earth.  I 
just have to take a fishing trip once a month.
