        Hello! My name is Megumi, and this is my first Tenchi fanfiction, so
go easy on me. It's just that I have an obsession with sweet little Tenchi,
probably because he looks like the guy I'm in love with. Aww, my Tenchi!
Anyway, I hope you like my story!
        --Megumi

                        The Real Ryoko

        Tenchi Masaki sat on one of the stepping stones by the
tree-slash-rooted
spaceship Funaho, watching the sun rise. He was a fairly attractive
teenager,
with black hair and soft brown eyes, but his personality was considered much
more charming than his looks.
        Tenchi turned in surprise as he heard a noise behind him. He looked
up to see
a pretty young girl with dark purple hair walking across the stepping stones
toward him. He smiled and waved a greeting.
        "Good morning, Lady Ayeka," he called. "Did you sleep well?"
        The first princess of the planet Jurai's royal family shook her
head. "How
could I be expected to sleep with that monster-woman Ryoko and my own little
sister up all night playing blackjack? It's such a disgraceful game!"
        The boy laughed. "Don't worry about Sasami. She has fun with Ryoko.
Besides,
your sister seems to make Ryoko a better person."
        "Maybe," sighed Ayeka. "So... What are you doing out here so early,
Lord
Tenchi?"
        Tenchi winced at the usage of the proper title. He also had Juraian
blood in
him, but it didn't make him a prince, in his opinion. "Well, actually," he
replied, trying to forget about Ayeka's view of how he should be, "I
couldn't
sleep either. Ryoko and Sasami DO get pretty noisy."
        Ayeka chuckled slightly and sat down beside him. The morning sunrise
was
peaceful until Tenchi and Ayeka were scared half out of their wits to see a
small spaceship, blaring alarms, heading right toward them.
        Ayeka shrieked and climbed onto Tenchi's back. The boy chose to
ignore the
fact that the princess was inadvertently strangling him and ran across the
stepping stones as fast as he was capable. With an enormous splash, the
spaceship crash-landed into the lake surrounding the tree Funaho.
        Tenchi eased the shaking princess off his back. He walked carefully
to the
downed ship and called, "Hello? Are you hurt?"
        With much difficulty, the rear door of the spaceship opened. An
unbelievably
attractive young man climbed out. He had dark blue hair with aqua-colored
bangs and bronze eyes. "I'm okay, but I think my ship's going down!"
        Tenchi swam over to the young man and grabbed his arm. Together they
managed
to make it back to Funaho just as the spacecraft disappeared completely
under
the surface. The two young men, literally soaked, watched it sink. "Oh,
great,
all my work is in there!" He groaned in dispair and turned to Tenchi.
"Sorry,
I should have thanked you for saving me. I'm not much of a swimmer." He held
out his hand. "My name is Toshiro."
        Tenchi shook his hand, his teeth chattering. "I'm Tenchi Masaki, and
the girl
over there is Ayeka."
        Toshiro smiled and skipped across the stones to meet the princess.
"Nice to
meet you, Miss Ayeka," he said, kissing her hand.
        The girl blushed and managed to say, "The pleasure is mine, sir!"
        The young man winked. "Call me Toshiro."
        Tenchi slogged over to Ayeka and Toshiro. "We're really sorry about
your
ship, Toshiro. What did you say was in there?"
        "My work," Toshiro said. "I'm an astrobiologist. I study unusual
lifeforms in
space." He gestured to the area where his ship had been. "My entire LIFE was
in that ship, and as you can see, it's lost now."
        "Ah, don't worry," said Tenchi cheerfully. "I'm sure we can come
back later
and salvage your work. But right now, we need to get us both to my house
before we freeze to death!"
        "Of course," Said Toshiro, laughing. He offered his arm to Ayeka.
"Shall
we?"
        Ayeka smiled and turned red again. She slipped her arm into his and
they
began walking.
        Tenchi raised an eyebrow. *What a ladies' man,* he thought, and ran
to catch
up with them.

        Ryoko slammed her fist against the living room table. "Forget it,
Washu,
you're not going to make me jealous of that brat Ayeka!"
        The red haired scientific genius ignored the space pirate's outburst
and
calmly pulled out a scanning instrument. "Actually, Ryoko, by my readings,
your blood pressure is above normal and you are visibly redder than usual.
Yep, I'd say you were jealous, Sweetpea!"
        "Don't call me that, MOM," Ryoko said threateningly.
        Sasami, the second princess of Jurai and Ayeka's younger sister,
took the
enraged young woman's hand to restrain her. "Don't be mad, Ryoko! Just
because
Tenchi and my sister have been out a long time, it doesn't mean anything
happened. Besides, I don't think Tenchi even has a crush on Ayeka!"
        Ryoko sat down, shocked. "You really think so, Sasami?"
        Sasami looked at the cyan-haired pirate sheepishly. "I didn't want
to get
your hopes up at first, but now I know Tenchi doesn't have any feelings for
her."
        "There's much wisdom in childhood," Washu broke in. "I have many
statistics
on this subject, and I have also concluded that the boy considers Lady Ayeka
to be no more than a friend."
        Ryoko's shocked face turned into a smile, and then a grin.
"WOOOOO-HOOOOOO,
all right!" She flew in circles around the living room. "I knew it, I KNEW
it!
Tenchi would never fall for a snob like Ayeka!" Still floating, she said to
Sasami, "No offense, Sasami, dear."
        The pigtailed young girl laughed at Ryoko's aerial display while
Washu poured
herself a cup of tea.
        Suddenly the pirate stopped. "Hey, wait a minute, Washu." She
floated down
onto the couch. "If you've conducted so many studies, you must know who
Tenchi
REALLY loves, right?"
        The short redhead sipped her tea. "I do," she replied.
        Ryoko gasped. "Tell me, who is it?"
        "I think it's better off that you didn't know. Besides, for all you
know, he
could be in love with me!"
        Ryoko narrowed her golden eyes. "If he is..."
        The back door slid open and a drenched Tenchi walked inside,
followed by the
Jurai princess and a gorgeous blue-haired young man, who was also soaked.
        Ryoko ran over to Tenchi. "Tenchi, darling, what happened? You're
absolutely-- whoa! Who's your friend?!"
        Toshiro grinned. "My name's Toshiro, and my ship crashed near your
house.
Your friend Tenchi helped me out. He's a stand-up guy."
        "Yeah, yeah, good for Tenchi," said Ryoko. "My name is Ryoko, and
over there
are Washu and Sasami."
        "Pleased to meet all of you," said Toshiro. He whispered to Tenchi,
"Jeez,
man, how'd you get all these gorgeous women?"
        Tenchi sighed. "You don't know how complicated the story is."
        Ryoko continued, "Our other residents are not here at the moment.
Tenchi's
father Nobuyuki is at work, and his grandfather Katsuhito is at the Masaki
shrine. Galaxy Police officers Kiyone and Mihoshi went to town to buy
groceries. But who cares about them?" she said, batting her eyelashes. "Tell
me about yourself!"
        Every one of the girls flocked around the suave astrobiologist. Even
Washu,
who didn't normally go insane over a guy, was under a male-induced spell.
Tenchi rolled his eyes and thought, *Why are they all flirting with him?
Even
Ryoko is, and she's practically in love with me.* He couldn't believe it,
but
he was jealous of Toshiro. Maybe it was because he was so charming, or it
was
the fact that all the girls were crazy about him, but Tenchi Masaki, who was
normally so compassionate, kind, and tolerant, already couldn't stand the
guy.


        That night at dinner, Toshiro was given the privilege of meeting all
the
members of the Masaki household. He was completely blown away by the
staggering number of women that resided there. He enjoyed being with every
one
of them, even the ditzy blonde police officer, Mihoshi. He thought Sasami
was
a cute, bright little kid, but his attention was mostly on that devilishly
beautiful space pirate, Ryoko. He had a feeling she was interested in him as
well. All in all, it was turning out to be a great night for him.
        Tenchi was in hell.
        Ryoko and the other girls were hanging on Toshiro's every word, and
he was
just drinking it in. He had established an instant bond with Tenchi's father
and grandfather, and even Ryoko's rabbitlike pet Ryo-Ohki was attached to
him.
        What a jerk.
        "So," Ryoko cooed, "Tell us, Toshiro, what kind of lifeforms do you
study in
space?"
        "Well, there is an innumerable variety of species and subspecies
just in this
galaxy alone," said Toshiro. "But I've never seen a creature quite like you,
Ryo-Ohki!"
        The little furball meowed in delight and jumped onto Toshiro's
shoulder,
where she nuzzled his cheek. Everyone laughed, except for Tenchi.
        "Ryo-Ohki is quite a unique animal," said Kiyone, self-consciously
brushing a
blue strand of hair from her face. "She can actually turn into a spaceship
that Ryoko can control telepathically."
        "This woman never ceases to amaze me," said Toshiro, gesturing to
Ryoko. She
blushed madly.
        Tenchi felt sick. "If you'll excuse me, I have a headache. I'm going
to sit
outside for a while." He stood and walked to the back door.
        Ayeka looked concerned. "But Lord Tenchi, you hardly touched your
dinner."
        "That's okay, I'm not really hungry," he replied, walking out the
door. "But
the food was great, Sasami."
        "Feel better, Tenchi," called Toshiro.
        Tenchi closed the door without responding.
        "Tenchi must really be sick," said Sasami worriedly. "I hope he'll
be okay."
        Washu shrugged. "Oh, well. Tenchi rarely gets sick, but when he
does, he
doesn't like company."
        Ryoko held her gaze on the door Tenchi had left through. *I know
Tenchi's not
sick,* she thought to herself. *So what's wrong?*

        Tenchi sat on the steps of the Masaki shrine. He couldn't understand
why he
disliked Toshiro so much. He was kind, funny, and obviously smart, so why
did
he make Tenchi want to gag?
        The more the young man thought about it, the more he realized why he
couldn't
stand Toshiro. Ryoko liked him so much. Every time they would flirt, Tenchi
would get physically sick. This fact made him ponder over the space pirate
more than the astrobiologist. He finally decided that the problem wasn't
Toshiro; it was Ryoko.
        Ryoko acted like a rogue most of the time, but Tenchi knew she was
hiding the
real Ryoko, the Ryoko behind the space pirate. When she wasn't robbing
banks,
destroying cities, or bickering with Ayeka, she was a funny, pleasant
person,
and she was great with Sasami. Tenchi suspected that the reason she acted
the
way she did was because she had never experienced the love of family and
friends. Now that she had both, her harsh exterior was wearing off.
        Tenchi sighed and closed his eyes. He knew she loved him, for she
showed it
quite frequently. He cared for her deeply as well, and he could very well
love
her, if only she would drop the space pirate facade. He was convinced that
the
Ryoko deep inside was kind and gentle. He just needed to get her to show it,
and he knew that with Toshiro around, that wouldn't be easy.
        "Are you all right, Tenchi?" came a voice that startled the boy. He
opened
his eyes to see Sasami, who had her pigtails up in buns and was clutching
Ryo-Ohki.
        Tenchi smiled. *She's such a sweetheart,* he thought. "What are you
doing out
here so late, Sasami?" he gently chided. "It's past your bedtime."
        "I know," she replied, plopping down next to him on the steps of the
shrine.
"But Ryoko--" (Tenchi's heart jumped) "--was saying that she didn't think
you
were sick, so I was worried about you."
        Tenchi took Ryo-Ohki into his arms and scratched her ears. "You know
me too
well, Sasami."
        The girl studied his features and finally said, "You don't like
Toshiro, do
you?"
        Tenchi wasn't expecting that remark. "What makes you say that?"
        "Well, whenever he talks to Ryoko, you look really angry." Sasami
gave him a
look that was too old for a girl her age. "And I know how much you like
Ryoko."
        The boy was shocked. *One ton of bricks after another today,* he
thought.
"You can tell?!" He asked the girl, bewildered.
        Sasami giggled at Tenchi's reaction. "Yeah, I can tell you don't
have any
feelings for my sister, even though she's crazy about you. And plus by
seeing
your face every time someone says Ryoko's name, like RIGHT NOW, I can tell
how
you feel about her."
        Ryo-Ohki mewed in agreement.
        "Wow," said Tenchi softly. "If you can tell, the others must know."
        Sasami smiled cheerfully. "No, nobody else knows besides me and
Ryo-Ohki!"
        Tenchi smiled back and put his arm around the young girl. He knew
his secret
was safe with Sasami.
        Sasami rested her head on Tenchi's shoulder and sighed dreamily. *If
only
Tenchi didn't love Ryoko,* she thought. *He's such a sweetheart.*

        The next morning Toshiro woke up to a high-pitched scream.
        "Where is Sasami?!!" he heard the Juraian princess shriek. "She  and
Tenchi
haven't come back home since last night!"
        Toshiro stumbled downstairs and collided into Mihoshi. "Sorry, Mr.
Toshiro,
it's just that Tenchi and Sasami are missing!"
        "Tenchi's missing??!" Ryoko shouted, floating down the stairs. "We
have to go
find him!" She paused. "And Sasami, of course."
        "All right, we should all split up," said Toshiro. "Miss Ayeka and
Miss
Washu, you should look for them at the lake where I crashed."
        Ryoko hit her hand with her fist. "If Nobuyuki and Katsuhito hadn't
left for
town, the could help us look." She thought for a moment. "Mihoshi and
Kiyone,
you look for them down by the cave--"
        Mihoshi squealed in delight. "Yay! Did you hear that, Kiyone? It'll
be like a
Galaxy Police stake-out!"
        Kiyone groaned in despair. "Sure, Mihoshi."
        "--and Toshiro and I will go to the shrine."
        The young man blushed and nodded.
        "All right everyone," announced Kiyone in her usual battle-mode
style of
speaking, "Let's get this operation underway!"

        Toshiro stared at Ryoko as they walked along the forest path to the
shrine.
She seemed genuinely concerned for Tenchi's safety, much more than she
appeared to be for Sasami. He sighed.
        Ryoko turned to look at him. "What is it, Toshiro?"
        He shook his head. "I was instantly attracted to you when I saw you,
Ryoko,"
he said. "And until now, I thought that you might feel the same way. But now
I
know your heart belongs to Tenchi."
        "Its true that I love Tenchi," she said softly. "But don't get me
wrong,
Toshiro. You're a great guy, and you're definitely gorgeous. But with
Tenchi..." she trailed off.
        "He holds your heart in a way no one else does?" Toshiro finished.
        Ryoko smiled and nodded. "And it's not like there's a shortage of
women
living here. Ayeka was drooling all over you last night."
        Toshiro's eyes lit up. "Then let's go find your man, Ryoko!"
        They laughed and continued on their way. When they reached the
Masaki shrine,
they found a charming sight.
        Tenchi and Sasami were asleep on the steps of the shrine, his arms
wrapped
around her to keep her warm. The little girl was snoring softly with her
head
on his shoulder, and the furball Ryo-Ohki was sleeping on Tenchi's head.
        Toshiro chuckled. "Tenchi really is a stand-up guy."
        The young man's words awoke Tenchi and Sasami. Tenchi's eyes snapped
open
when he saw Ryoko and Toshiro together, and he sat up straight. Sasami
looked
up at him sympathetically.
        "What are you guys doing here?" he managed to ask as calmly as he
could.
        "You two didn't come home last night," said Toshiro. "Ryoko here was
worried
sick about you."
        Tenchi smiled. "And the real Ryoko shows her face again. Will you be
visiting
often?"
        Ryoko pretended to be offended. "What is it, Tenchi? Don't you like
it when I
blast buildings and rob people blind?"
        "Actually," said Tenchi, taking her hand, "I could get used to this
Ryoko."
He looked into her golden eyes lovingly.
        Toshiro saw the cue to leave. "I'm going to head on over to the lake
and see
if Miss Ayeka is still there."
        "I'll show you the way," Sasami said, winking at Tenchi. "Come on,
Ryo-Ohki!"
Toshiro and Sasami left, with Ryo-Ohki bouncing after them.
        Ryoko raised an eyebrow. "Does Sasami know something I don't?"
        "Sasami knows something a lot of people don't," Tenchi replied. He
sat her
down beside her on the steps. "Look, Ryoko, I know you love me, since you
tell
me all the time."
        "Very true," she chirped.
        "But as I see this side of you," he continued, "I realize that your
space
pirate lifestyle doesn't suit you at all. I know you're a sweet, gentle
person, Ryoko, and I just wish you'd show it."
        Ryoko lowered her eyes. "I know I've done some pretty rotten things
in the
past, and I also know you'll never forgive me for them--"
        "You're wrong, Ryoko," Tenchi interrupted. "I DO forgive you.
And..."
        The young woman looked at him with such sweet innocence that was so
becoming,
that Tenchi failed to complete his sentence.
        "And what, Tenchi?" she asked, knocking him out of his trance.
        "And I..." He couldn't wait any longer. "I love you, Ryoko."
        Ryoko couldn't speak. For a long time she just sat, holding Tenchi's
hand and
staring into his mahogany-colored eyes. She could tell by looking at them
that
he was telling the truth. "I... I..." she stammered.
        Tenchi caressed Ryoko's cheek. "The more I see the real Ryoko, the
more I
can't stop thinking about you. I love you so much, but whenever you lash out
with your cold exterior, it disappoints me."
        Ryoko's eyes filled with tears. "I'm sorry, Tenchi. But the only
reason I act
like I do is because I'm not used to being loved. I'm accustomed to everyone
despising me, and I used to like that. But now... now that I know how you
feel..." Ryoko smiled. "I can't find a good reason to be a jerk."
        Tenchi laughed. "I never liked Ryoko the jerk much anyway."
        They both laughed, and Tenchi drew her face close to his with his
hand. He
slowly closed his eyes and pressed his lips to hers. Ryoko wrapped her arms
around his neck and kissed him back. Suddenly she she pulled away and
screamed
in delight.
        "IN YOUR FACE, AYEKA!!" she shouted, literally loud enough to have
been heard
by the princess. "TENCHI LOVES ME!!!!!"

        Mihoshi and Kiyone were walking from the cave that once held Ryoko
after they
had determined that Tenchi and Sasami were not there, when suddenly they
heard
a distant voice they immediately recognized as Ryoko's shouting, "TENCHI
LOVES
ME!!!"
        Kiyone jumped in surprise. "Did you hear what I just heard?"
        The blonde just giggled. "I knew it all along, Kiyone! Didn't I tell
you?"
        "Yes, Mihoshi," the young woman muttered. "You told me every day."

        "WHAT WAS THAT?!" Ayeka exclaimed. "Did I just hear that witch
right?" The
princess began pacing back and forth.
        Washu put a hand to her chin. "Just as I predicted."
        Ayeka froze. "What exactly did you predict, Miss Washu?"
        "That our dear Tenchi would most likely fall in love with Ryoko,"
replied the
mad scientist cheerfully.
        Ayeka's eye twitched. "If you had predicted this already, then WHY
DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME??! I wouldn't have tried so hard to win his love!" Ayeka dropped to
the ground. "How could you, my sweet Tenchi? How could you be seduced by
that
wanted criminal?"
        Sasami and Toshiro arrived at the tree Funaho to see the Juraian
princess in
tears. Toshiro ran to console her. "What's the matter, Miss Ayeka?"
        She wiped her face dry. "Didn't you hear? My Tenchi is in love with
Ryoko."
        "Don't cry, Ayeka," he assured her. "Maybe he just wasn't the right
guy for
you in the first place."
        The girl looked up at Toshiro and blushed. "But he's part of the
Jurai royal
family and--"
        "Does that matter?" he interrupted. "Maybe you only loved him
because he was
of noble blood. And Ryoko isn't such a bad person. They belong together."
        "I think so, too," said Sasami. "I already knew Tenchi loved her,
but he made
me promise I wouldn't tell."
        Ayeka lowered her eyes. "I suppose I have been rude to Ryoko just
because of
things she did in the past. But now I should be kind to her, to make Tenchi
happy."
        Toshiro helped her to her feet and took her hand in both of his.
"Besides,"
he said softly, "There are other guys who are crazy about you."
        Ayeka smiled. "I must say, Toshiro, you certainly know how to win a
girl's
affections."
        Sasami and Washu looked at each other.
        "I think that's the end of Ayeka's Tenchi obsession," said Washu.
        Sasami giggled and nodded. Ryo-Ohki mewed happily and gave a flower
to Ayeka.
The princess laughed and scratched the animal's furry head.
        The four turned to see Tenchi and Ryoko walking up to them, his arm
around
her waist. Both were blushing slightly.
        "Well, congratulations to the happy couple!" exclaimed Toshiro.
"She's quite
a catch, Tenchi."
        "Way to go, Tenchi!" cried Sasami.
        Tenchi laughed and patted the girl's head. "Thanks, Sasami."
        Ayeka walked up to the two and looked at them. Finally she took a
deep breath
and smiled. "I'm very happy for both of you."
        "What?!" they said in unison.
        "Before, I was upset that I was not able to win you heart, Tenchi,"
the
princess continued, "But Toshiro helped me to see that I only loved you
because you were part of the royal family."
        "I'm glad you came to that realization," Tenchi said awkwardly.
        Ayeka took Ryoko's hand. "And I'm sorry, Ryoko," she said sincerely.
"I'm
sorry for how I've treated you."
        Ryoko was genuinely touched. She thought the Juraian princess hated
her. "I'm
sorry, too, Ayeka. And I won't tease you about Tenchi loving me and not
you."
        Tenchi's eyes filled with tears. He had expected the two would tear
each
other limb from limb. *Who would've thought they would make up because of
something like this?* he thought.
        Ayeka smirked. "Oh, I'm over Tenchi, if that's what you're worried
about."
She squeezed Toshiro's arm. "I've got what I need right here!"
        Washu squealed with happiness. "Ohhh, my little girl has found true
love!"
        Tenchi laughed and hugged Washu's "daughter", but Ryoko just rolled
her
eyes.
        Mihoshi arrived at Funaho, dragging an exhausted Kiyone behind her.
"I heard
the news!" Mihoshi panted. "Congratulations, Tenchi and Ryoko!"
        Kiyone saw Ayeka and Toshiro together and blinked. "And I guess,
congratulations to Toshiro and Ayeka."
        Sasami looked down at Ryo-Ohki. "How could all have this have
happened in
just two days?"
        The creature meowed in astonishment.
        Tenchi was never ceased to be dumbfounded at the things that
happened every
single day at the Masaki household. It was like a roller coaster ride; full
of
ups and downs, but always exciting. And he had such great friends. Even
though
girls could be completely unpredictable, especially his Ryoko, they were the
most wonderful people he had ever met.
        And Toshiro wasn't a jerk after all.

        That night the entire "family" had a bonfire outside. Ayeka was
resting her
head on Toshiro's shoulder, and Ryoko was shamelessly sitting on Tenchi's
lap.
Kiyone was resisting a blackened marshmallow Mihoshi was forcing her to try,
and Washu and Sasami were playing a game of blackjack on Washu's energy
computer. Sasami was winning.
        Nobuyuki sighed. "My son has found his true love. Soon they will get
married
and move somewhere and get lives of their own."
        Katsuhito was petting Ryo-Ohki. "Do not worry about Tenchi. Even
when he and
Ryoko leave, Washu and Sasami will most likely stay."
        "That's true," said Nobuyuki. "I suppose the house won't be quiet
for a long
time."
        Ryoko looked up into Tenchi's eyes. "I love you, Tenchi."
        Tenchi smiled sweetly down at her. "I love you, too, Ryoko." He bent
down and
kissed her.
        "Ah, what the heck!" cried Toshiro. He leaned over and landed a wet
kiss on
Ayeka. The princess was surprised, but she responded by launching a
full-body
assault on him, knocking him to the ground and kissing him fiercely.
        Tenchi laughed and hugged his Ryoko as they watched the sun fall
behind the
mountains. The light of the fading sun was still brighter than the leaping
flames of the bonfire. Tenchi was confident that as long as he had Ryoko and
his adopted family, his life would be brighter than any sun.

                               THE END

        Okay, so that was it. Hope you didn't hate it TOO much. E-mail me
back
with any compliments, criticisms, or insults you might have. Thanks for
reading my first fanfiction!
        --Megumi

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Please write me back if you are interested! Bye!
        --Megumi