disclaimer - i dont own tenchi or anything about tenchi so dont sue me
pioneer or you either AIC

The next couple of months had passed by quickly.  Lately, Chad had been
getting these weird dreams of a very beautiful woman with blue hair and she
kept asking her for help.  Chad didn't know what it meant so he kind of
shrugged it off.  Chad had also been a little worried because Ayeka, Sasami,

Kiyone, and Mihoshi still have not returned.  He decided to talk to Washu
about it.

(Chad) Um, Washu?
(Washu) What is it Chad? Want to finally give me that sample?
(Chad) Washu!
(Washu) Fine.  What is it?
(Chad) Well, the girls have not returned yet and im a bit worried.  Can you
contact Jurai or the headquarters to try to find them?
(Washu) Sure.  Just hold on one second.  [Washu typed a few keys on her
computer to come up with nothing] That's odd; All of Jurai's and Galaxy
Police communications are currently off.
(Chad) Okay.  Well if you need me then ill be upstairs.
(Washu) Bye.
(Chad) I will see ya later. [Chad walked out of the lab and walked to his
room.  He then looked into the mirror and was horrified at what he was
seeing.  In the mirror was the beautiful woman in his dreams.]

(Chad) Its you.  You are the woman in my dreams.  Who are you?
(Tsunami) I am the goddess Tsunami.  I come to you to ask for help.  Jurai
is
in a galactic war and my husband General Leeman is in trouble.  Princess
Ayeka and princess Sasami are also in grave danger.
(Chad) But what can I do to help?
(Tsunami) Just come to Jurai and you will know.
(Chad) I will be there as fast as I can.
(Tsunami) I thank you and I will await your arrival. [She vanishes]

Chad quickly ran downstairs to tell Washu what had just happened when Ryoko
and Tenchi came walking through the front door.

(Tenchi) Were home!
(Chad out of breath) Tenchi.  Ryoko, there is a war going on at Jurai and
Ayeka and Sasami are in trouble.  We have to leave now.
(Tenchi) How do you know this?
(Chad) Look, i will explain later.  Just get Ryo-oki ready while I go get
Washu.
(Ryoko) Fine.

An hour later, everybody is on board Ryo-oki and they take off.  During
their
time Chad told his story.  Most of them had a hard time understanding it but

so did Chad.  It would be another week until they got to Jurai so they took
it easy.

The week had passed and they were less than 24 hours away.  Everybody was
extremely nervous especially Chad who didn't know what he was getting
himself
into.  After dinner Chad went to the deck by himself and he sat down to
think.  Ryoko saw him and walked up to him.

(Ryoko) Hi Chad.
(Chad) Oh, hi Ryoko? Whats up?
(Ryoko) Are you just as nervous as I am?
(Chad) Guess so. [Ryoko sat down next to Chad]  Hopefully I will leave this
war still alive.
(Ryoko) Don't worry Chad. You are one of the greatest fighters I ever met.

You will pull through this.  I know of it.
(Chad) I hope so.
(Tenchi) Hey Ryoko. Come on its time to go to bed.
(Ryoko) I will be there in a second hon.  [Tenchi went to his room.  Ryoko
got up to leave when she was stopped by Chad.]
(Chad) Wait! Before you leave Ryoko, I just have to ask one thing from you.
(Ryoko) Anything.
(Chad) Could you just..could you just give me a kiss.  You were the only
girl
I ever loved and I just want another kiss before I leave to go to battle
tomorrow.
(Ryoko) I don't know.
(Chad) Say no more. I understand.  Well Goodnight. [As Chad said this Ryoko
noticed a few tears go down his cheek.  Chad was about to walk away when.]

(Ryoko) Wait! [Ryoko and Chad then went into a very deep and passionate kiss

that lasted for almost 10 min. Ryoko broke away with a smile and some tears
from Chad's eyes.]
(Ryoko) Don't worry Chad. I will make sure you come back from this.
(Chad crying) Thank you Ryoko. [They hug and Chad leads Ryoko to her room.

Chad then goes to his room and falls asleep]

The next morning they wake up with planet Jurai in their sights.  They land
on Jurai and head to the capital.  Many guards that are protecting Emperor
Asuza and his wives Funado and Misaki stop them.

(Tenchi) I am the 2nd crown price of Jurai and I command you to stand down.
(Head guard) You many enter the palace.  All four of them enter to run into
Asuza.
(Asuza) What are you doing here?
(Tenchi) We are here to save Ayeka and Sasami.
(Asuza) How did you know there was a war?
(Chad) I will explain later. Where did they take them?  Also, who are we
fighting?
(Asuza) We are fighting a small federation of renegades who attacked us last

week.  They took them to their base in space.
(Chad) Ready a ship for Tenchi and myself.
(Ryoko) Wait.  Im fighting also.
(Chad) Ryoko, I cannot let you fight.  I think I speak for both Tenchi and I

when we say we wouldn't be able to live if you died.
(Ryoko) I can take care of myself you know.  Im just as strong as you two
are.
(Tenchi and Chad) Fine but we will protect you at all costs.

They are about to leave and Washu says her goodbyes.

(Washu hugging Tenchi and Ryoko)  Please be careful and make sure you come
home.
(Tenchi and Ryoko) We will mom.
(Washu now hugging Chad) Please come home.
(Chad) I will.

They left the planet and go off to space where they are to head to the Jurai

spacecrafts.  They board the ship to meet up with General Leeman.

(Leeman) I am general Leeman, wife of Tsunami, and General of this army.
(Chad) Well, Im Chad and I was sent here by your wife to rescue the
princesses.  Tell me where their base is.
(Leeman) I will accompany you three to their base.  I will have my men hold
off their forces until we get there.
(Tenchi) Good now lets go.

All four of them leave on the Jurai ship and head for their base.  They are
attacked on the way and almost do not make it.  They finally arrive to be
seen with three different guards protecting the entrance.

(Guard 1) Where do you think you four are going?
(Chad) We are here to rescue Princess Sasami and Princess Ayeka.
(Guard 3) Well, you will have to get past us first.

All seven of them engaged in battle.  It was a hard battle with many close
hits.  Chad was almost killed himself.  The four of them easily won by the
advantage of numbers.  They then runinto the palace where they meet the true

criminal mastermind, Dr. Klain, asuccessor to Dr. Clay.

(Klain) Well, what do we have here?
(Chad) Well, you have us four who are to stop you. [Ayeka and Sasami were in

a force field towards the end of the room]
(Ayeka) Help us please.
(Chad) Don't worry. I will get you out of there.  Its time to fight Klain.

(Klain) That's Dr. Klain to you!

They five of them engaged in a ferocious battle.  Both Leeman and Tenchi
have
their light-hawkswords activated while Chad and Ryoko have their swords
activated.  The battle went both ways until Klain fired a shot at Ryoko.
Nobody saw it going towards her but Chad.  It was inches away from her head
when it was stopped by Chad.

(Chad) How dare you hurt her.  Ryoko, go get Ayeka and Sasami out of here.
(Ryoko) Right.

The battle wages on until Klain hurts Tenchi and Leeman so they stop
fighting.  It was now up to Chad to fight Klain.  Chad knew he wouldn't
get
out of this alive but that didn't stop him from fighting. Chad rushed
Klain
with his sword and they fought in battle.  Tenchi and Leeman were about to
get back into the battle when Klain formed a force field around Chad and
himself.  Leeman and Tenchi tried as hard as they could to get into the
field
but all tries were un-successful.  Klain then got a transmission.

(Head officer) Klain, our forces are retreating we have lost.
(Klain) No.  Keep fighting you fools.
(Head officer) There is no point in fighting.  We are ending this now.
(Klain) No!  If I can't take control of Jurai then I will kill you.

Klain and Chad then went back into fighting.  Klain finally got the upper
hand and took the advantage.  He sliced off Chad'sleft arm and shot a
single
shot straight at his heart.  It struck with a powerful force and Chad went
flying.  Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami had all turned away at what they just saw.

Tenchi and Leeman just closed their eyes as Chad's body landed on
theground.
The only thing not destroyed was the right arm of Chad.

(Klain) That was too easy. Who is next?
(Ryoko with fire in her eyes) Klain.  You just took away one of the things I

hold dearest in my life. PREPARE TO DIE!!!!!!!
(Klain) Oh, but I think you will die before me. Hahahahahahahahahah.

The two of them battle in a fury as Ryoko tries to revenge the death of
Chad.
 She was so tired from the fight before but she didn't care. She put in
all
of her strength as she fought Klain.  Then with a single blast to the heart,

Ryoko had killed Klain.  She then dropped to her knees and Tenchi ran over
to
her.

(Tenchi) Are you okay hon?
(Ryoko crying) I can't believe Chad's gone.  When I was almost hit he
protected me and I couldn't protect him.
(Tenchi) There was nothing you could do.  We couldn't help him. [Ryoko
heard
this and began to cry even more]
(Leeman) I am deeply sorry for the loss of your friend.  He was a great
fighter and he will be remembered. [It was then that Tsunami showed up]
(Tsunami) Leave me with him.  I will do my best to help him. [Everybody left

while Tsunami started to work on Chad.]

She formed a blue energy ball and she placed it where Chad's heart would
have
been.  The blue energy ball then started to glow brighter. Chad's body
started to regenerate. That was one of Ryoko's powers that Chad had lost
but
since he was also human, his body can regenerate skin and blood cells.
 After
one hour, Chad's body was fully regenerated.  He lay there unconscious.
Tsunami left with Leeman as the rest ran over to Chad.  Chad's body was
also
covered in blood from the regeneration.

Ryoko was the first one there.  She immediately picked up Chad's head and
held it close to her not caring about being soaked in blood. All she cared
about was that Chad was safe.  Tenchi picked up Chad and they headed back to

Jurai.  They returned home.  Ayeka and Sasami were rejoiced to be back home.

Ryoko and Tenchi were of coarse less than happy.  Washu ran up to them and
almost burst into crying.

(Washu) What happened?
(Ryoko) He was destroyed by Klain but the goddess Tsunami came and recreated

his body and now he is unconscious.
(Washu) Bring him over here.

The next month went by slowly.  Chad was still unconscious and the rest of
the gang decided to stay there until he had awakened.  It was Ryoko's turn
to
watch over him when he finally awoke.

(Chad) Huh?  What happened to me?
(Ryoko crying) You're awake.  I was so worried about you. Im so sorry that
I
couldn't protect you Chad.
(Chad) Its okay Ryoko. It was not your fault, but how did I survive that.
(Ryoko) You were recreated by Tsunami.
(Chad) Oh. [Everybody heard Ryoko scream so they all walked into the room
where Chad was kept to see him awake.  Ayeka,Sasami, and Washu quickly ran
up
to Chad and hugged him.
(Ayeka crying) That was the noblest thing you could have ever done Chad.
(Sasami crying) Are you okay?
(Chad rubbing Sasami's head) Im fine Sasami.
(Tenchi) Well, it looks like all of our problems are over.
(Washu) Not quite. Take a look at this.

                                    DNA
                                5% human DNA
                               95% Jurai DNA

(Ayeka) Well, what does that mean?
(Washu) Well, since Tsunami brought him back to life, and since she created
the royal family, Chad is now the next ruler of Jurai since both Kashuhito
and Tenchi do not want the throne.
(Chad) Well, I guess here comes royal life.
(Asuza) Well, since Tsunami did do that.  I can agree and you are now in
line
for the throne.

Chad had decided to go back to Earth to finish his senior year before taking

over Jurai.  It was the first day back to school from the Christmas break.

The teacher wanted to know what everybody did over the break so she started
with Chad.

(Teacher) Chad, why don't you tell us what you did over Christmas break?
(Chad stood up) Uh, I saved a planet from a galactic war.  I saved two
princesses.  I died and was reincarnated by a goddess, and then I became the

new emperor of a planet.
(Teacher) Video gamed the whole time I see. [Chad knew they wouldn't
believe
him but he just said it]

Chad finished his senior year and was off to become emperor of Jurai.  The
only downside was that Ayeka had to spend the next year teaching Chad about
Jurai's history and how to act like a king.  Everybody had moved toJurai.
 So
now the whole family would be living in the palace.  It was the night before

the ceremony and Chad was on the balcony in traditional royal robes looking
over Jurai.  Tenchi and Ryoko walked up to him.

(Tenchi) You okay Chad?
(Chad) Huh? Oh yea Im fine. Just thinking about some stuff.
(Ryoko) Like what?
(Chad) Well, who would think that no less than three years ago, I was just a

common 14yr old from New York.  Now Im going to be king of a planet.
(Tenchi) Don't worry; we will all be here to help you along the way.
(Chad) Thanks you guys.
(Tenchi) Come on Ryoko. We should go get some sleep.
(Chad) Tenchi, can I talk to Ryoko for a bit privately?
(Ryoko) Sure.  I will be there in a second Tenchi.
(Tenchi) Okay. [Tenchi goes to another room]
(Ryoko) So what do you want to talk about?
(Chad) Well, I just want to thank you greatly for what you did for me.
(Ryoko) What do you mean?
(Chad) Well, I heard how you revenged my death and I need to thank you for
it.
(Ryoko) All that matters is that you're okay.
(Chad) Ryoko, I don't know how to repay you for such a thing like that but
if
you ever need anything and I mean anything, just ask me and it will be
yours.
(Ryoko) Thanks.  Now go get some sleep. You got your ceremony tomorrow.
[Chad
and Ryoko give each other a huge hug and Ryoko leaves.  Chad spends a couple

more minutes before leaving.]

*Authors notes* im sorry that this chapter took so long. i will have the
last
few chapters in a weeks times.
