disclaimer: i dont own anything Tenchi so dont sue me Pioneer or you either
AIC. The meeting went by smoothly.  Chad had talked to the ambassadors about
his ideas for running Jurai, which they liked very much.  It was at the end
of the meeting when Ryoko walled into the throne room.

(Chad)  Well, it was a pleasure meeting you gentleman.  Im afraid you will
have to excuse me because I have some other business to attend to.

The ambassador&#8217;s left and Ryoko walked up to Chad.

(Ryoko)  So how was your meeting?
(Chad) Nerve raking. [Ryoko laughed]  Hardy har har.
(Ryoko) So you wanted to see me about something?
(Chad) Yea, I wanted to know what happened last night.
(Ryoko) All I can remember is that Tenchi came in drunk and started to yell
at me.  He hit me and than I flew off.
(Chad) What was he yelling about?
(Ryoko) Well, Tenchi and I decided to not have kids until we were ready so
we are both still virgins.  He started to yell at me and he almost went as
far as raping me.
(Chad) Don&#8217;t worry Ryoko.  I&#8217;ll will go to the bottom of this
and I will find out what happened and make sure everything is peaceful again
okay?
(Ryoko) Thank you. [It was then that Tenchi came running through the door]
(Chad) Tenchi!
(Tenchi) Give me back my wife or I will kill you.
(Chad) Tenchi, you do not know what your thinking.  I was only protecting
her from you.
(Tenchi) Well, she might need the protection now! [Tenchi then formed the
light-hawk wings]
(Chad) Guards!  Protect Ryoko!
(Guards) Yes sir!
(Ryoko) Please don&#8217;t hurt him Chad.
(Chad) Don&#8217;t worry Ryoko.

Chad then created his light-hawk sword and the two of them fought.  Like old
times, neither could surpass each other in fighting.  They fight went back
and fourth.  Tenchi had gained the upper and he sliced off Chad&#8217;s left
hand.

(Tenchi) I thought you were supposed to be more powerful than I am.

Chad, now with only one hand kept on fighting Tenchi.  When, Chad got blown
up, he lost the ability to regenerate so all Chad could do is fight with one
hand.  Tenchi took another swing and he cut Chad&#8217;s royal robe.  Tenchi
was going to go for the kill when his sword was stopped by a force field.
Chad couldn&#8217;t create a force field so he saw that it belonged to
Ryoko.

(Chad) Ryoko get back.  He is going to hurt you.

Tenchi then swung at Ryoko and barley missed.  He tried again and it almost
hit her if it weren&#8217;t for Chad saving her.  One of Chad&#8217;s top
guards then took action and captured Tenchi arresting him.  The guards took
Tenchi away.

(Chad) Are you okay Ryoko?
(Ryoko) You saved my life.
(Chad) and you saved mine.  Hold out your hand. [Ryoko did so, and Chad put
his arm to one of Ryoko&#8217;s gems.  His hand then grew back instantly.]
Let me get you to a safer place.

That night, Ryoko decided that she would have to divorce Tenchi over his
recent actions.  The people decided for him to be put to death for harm
against the king but Chad decided to put him in a mental hospital because it
was clear he had gone insane.  Ryoko fell asleep in the spare bedroom.

Many moths had passed and Chad decided to go talk to Asuza.

(Funaho) What a pleasure to see you your majesty.  What brings you here?
(Chad) Please miss Funaho, call me Chad.
(Funaho) All right.  What can I do for you?
(Chad) I was wondering if I could see your husband on something.
(Funaho) Sure, follow me.
(Asuza) It&#8217;s nice to see you Chad.
(Chad) You too.  Um, Asuza, I was wondering.  How do I go about asking
someone to be my wife?
(Asuza) Who did you have in mind?
(Chad) Well, about two years ago, I was in love with Ryoko, but her heart
wanted Tenchi so I was not able to take the torment so I ran away.  And now
with the recent action of Tenchi and their divorce, I would want to ask
Ryoko to marry me.
(Asuza) Well, you do know it is her choice and her choice alone.
(Chad) Yes I do know that.
(Asuza) Well, then it&#8217;s settled.  You may ask her to be your wife.
(Chad) Thank you. [Chad left to go pack to the palace where he wanted to go
to sleep but he couldn&#8217;t.]

Chad woke up next morning before Ryoko did.  He decided to do what he was
going to do about two years ago.  That was to cook Ryoko breakfast and then
ask for her hand in marriage.  He had cooked her a wonderful breakfast.

Chad got the breakfast and he brings it to Ryoko&#8217;s room.  He was going
to knock when he just decided to phase through the door.  He saw Ryoko
sleeping so he put the breakfast down and sat down himself on the bed next
to Ryoko. He then shook Ryoko in order to wake her up.

(Chad) Come on Ryoko. Wake up.
(Ryoko) A few more minutes please.
(Chad) Ryoko, I need to talk to you.
(Ryoko) Okay, Im up.  Oh it&#8217;s you Chad.  Im sorry for sounding rude.
(Chad) Don&#8217;t worry about it.  I cooked you breakfast.
(Ryoko) Thank you. [Ryoko took the breakfast and began to eat.]  This is
wonderful.
(Chad) Thanks.  Do you remember the last time I cooked you breakfast like
this?
(Ryoko) Yea, it was the day you went for that walk and never left.
(Chad) Well, everyday that I was on Soja, that one day is the only thing I
wanted to complete ever since.
(Ryoko) What do you mean?
(Chad) What I mean is, [he gets on one knee] Ryoko, will you marry me?
(Ryoko almost choking) Oh, I don&#8217;t know Chad.  I don&#8217;t think I
can.
(Chad) Please tell me you will think about it?
(Ryoko) Okay I will. [Chad opens her hand and he places his mother ring in
it and closes her hand around it]
(Chad) I want you to hold onto that until you give me your decision okay?
(Ryoko) I will.
(Chad) Well, I should be going. [Chad kisses Ryoko on the cheek and leaves]

A month had passed by and every day seemed to be longer than the last for
Chad.  HE was in the throne room thinking about some things with Asuza
talking to him.

(Asuza) Are you listening to me?
(Chad) Sorry, my mind was somewhere else.  Please continue.

IT was then that Ryoko walked into the throne room.  Usually, nobody is
allowed to enter without permission of the king.  The guards stopped Ryoko.

(Guard) Nobody is allowed in here without the king's permission.  Arrest
her.
(Chad) STAND DOWN NOW!!!!!!  That is no way to talk to miss Ryoko.  I
apologize.  All of you guards leave now. [The guards leave]

(Ryoko) Chad, may I speak to you in private please?
(Chad) Sure.  Um will you excuse us Asuza?
(Asuza) No problem.  [Asuza leaves]
(Chad) So what do you want to talk about?
(Ryoko) I just wanted to give you this.

Chad knew what she was giving him.  He almost dropped to his knees crying
because he didn&#8217;t think he would be able to take it once again.  Of
coarse, he was kind and he had to take it.  Ryoko then placed the ring in
his hand.  Once, again he felt as if his heart was shattered.  He tried to
look and Ryoko's face and he got no description form reading.  He looked at
his hand and was shocked.

(Chad) R-Ryoko, this is not my mothers ring.
(Ryoko) That&#8217;s because it&#8217;s your engagement ring. [She then took
the ring and placed it on his finger.]  Well, I guess you know my answer is
yes.  I will marry you Chad.

Chad and Ryoko then went into a deep passionate kiss.  The kiss lasted for
many minutes until Ryoko finally broke away.  Ryoko smiled as she looked at
Chad's green eyes smiling back.  He had some tears running down his face so
Ryoko just wiped them away.

(Ryoko) Should we go tell the others?
(Chad) Not quite yet.  Lets tell them tonight at dinner.
(Ryoko) Great.  Well I should get going then.
(Chad) Why do you have to go now?
(Ryoko) Well, I want to look my best when we tell everybody.
(Chad) Not like you don&#8217;t look good already.
(Ryoko blushing) I'll see you later my emperor.
(Chad) See ya.

Ryoko left and Asuza walked back in.

(Asuza) What was that all about?
(Chad) Oh, nothing.  Can you and your wives swing around later?  Im having
dinner here with everybody and I would love if you three joined us.
(Asuza) We will be there.
(Chad) Good.  Then I will see you tonight.

Chad left in order to start cooking.  He knew that he shouldn&#8217;t have
to cook but he liked doing it.  He had cooked a fabulous meal and he went to
go get ready.  Before he got into the shower, Chad called up everybody
telling them to come over for dinner.  They all agreed to everything was
set.

Dinner came around and everybody had arrived.  They all soon sat down and
started to eat.  Everybody was very glad because the food was so good.

(Asuza) Emperor.  You better hold onto the cooks who made this meal because
I might hire them away from you.
(Chad) Well, I got a surprise for you.  I cooked the meal.
(Asuza) You cooked this meal?
(Chad) Yep.
(Sasami) Chad is a really good cook.
(Funaho) Chad, you have to teach me how to cook like this.
(Chad) I will.

The rest of dinner went by quiet.  After dessert, Ryoko and Chad decided to
tell everybody.

(Chad) Uh, everybody.  I have an announcement to make.  Ryoko and I are
engaged.
(Mihoshi + Sasami) Yay!

Mostly everybody else didn&#8217;t know what to say.  All of them were still
concerned for Tenchi.  The rest of the night went by easy.  Chad decided to
teach everybody how to play Mah-jongg.  Everybody left while Ryoko stayed at
the palace.

(Ryoko) So where should I sleep?  With you or in the other room?
(Chad) It&#8217;s your choice darling.
(Ryoko) Great.

Of coarse that meant sleeping in Chad&#8217;s room.  Both of them headed for
his room.  Ryoko phases into her nightgown.  Chad started to undress while
Ryoko smiled at him.

(Ryoko) Yea baby.  Take it off.

Chad climbed into bed where they snuggled until they fell asleep.  Ryoko had
fallen asleep but Chad was still very much awake.  He just lay there looking
at his angel and thinking of what he did to deserve her answer.

(Chad) Goodnight my angel. [Chad kissed her lips and fell asleep himself.]

Another two months had passed and it was time for the wedding.  Chad was
extremely nervous.  Kashuhito had given the ceremony and Chad was sweating
like there was no tomorrow.  Ryoko saw this and tried to hold in her
laughter.  The two of them exchanged vows and it was now time to party.
