(Spotlight comes on, illuminating Sasami standing against a 
red curtain.)
AUTHOR:  (Offstage through a megaphone.)  Okay, Sasami, whenever
 you're ready.
SASAMI:  Okay,  (Clears throat)  Tenchi Muyo is the property of
 AIC and Pioneer LDC.  The author owns only the writing.
AUTHOR:  Good job, Sasami, and by the way, (Chewing can be heard
 from the Author and several stage hands.) These cookies are
 great.
SASAMI:  I'm glad you like them.
AUTHOR:  They're wonderful, but I don't recognize the flavor.
SASAMI:  Well, I made them with seaweed and dried octopus.
AUTHOR:  (Stares at her, half a cookie in his mouth.  The other
 stagehands also stare in shock.)..............................
...............................................................
..............................................................
Right.  Um, well, thanks for your help, Sasami.  Just go right 
through that door.
SASAMI:  Okay,  (Sasami jumps off the stage and exits the studio.  
Author tears a piece of paper out of the script and spits the 
remains of the cookie into it.  Several stagehands can be heard
 spitting or vomitting in the background.)
AUTHOR:  Jeez, what's wrong with chocolate chips and macadamian 
nuts?



Confrontations

	D-6 looked at the image on the viewscreen of the small Jurain 
transport.  Standing on the command deck of a cloaked K'rystava 
vessel, he had a rather unique perspective of the ship.  After 
all, it was rare to be able to watch a ship that could not watch 
him back.  He had to smile.
	One of the green insects on the command deck turned to him.  
It hissed something in its native language.  He nodded.  "Very 
well, bring the..." he fought down the urge to gag.  "Champion...
aboard."
	The insect nodded and worked the controls on his panel.  
There was a flash of green light from the rear of the deck.  D-6 
didn't bother facing the champion.  He heard the bootsteps 
approach him.
	"You would be D-6,"  the champion announced.
	"Correct."
	The champion smiled.
	D-6 didn't return the smile.  "Did they recognize you?"  he 
asked.
	"Of course."
	"Hmm."  D-6 reached out and touched a button on the console 
in front of him.  On the screen, lances of green energy shot out 
and began to slice the Jurain ship into sections.  Eventually, 
the main engines detonated, reducing the ship to individual 
molecules.
	The champion nodded in approval and sat in the command 
chair, D-6's chair.  "Well, D-6, what are you waiting for?  
Her Ladyship awaits."
	No, D-6 definitely did *not* like this man.  He nodded 
at the K'rystava, who manipulated the keys on his console.  
A minute later, the cloaked vessel was in hyperspace.

	The reunion was a joyous one.  All else aside, Sasami 
and Ayeka embracing in the main hall was a sight that would 
bring tears to your eyes.  The Empress and Tenchi smiled at 
the sight, while Ryoko was very subdued and kept staring at 
Tenchi and the Empress.  Mihoshi giggled in delight.  Tsunami 
smiled wanly, happy for Sasami and satisfied that her mission 
was complete.  Washu was staring at Ryoko, and the Prime Minister 
was staring at Washu.
	Sasami hugged everyone in turn, the guardian, Gensao, 
followed just behind her.  Sasami was telling Ayeka and Tenchi 
all about what had happened to her.  She noticed that Tenchi 
and Ayeka seemed uncomfortable around one another and asked what 
was wrong.  There was a lot of uncomfortable looks.  Sasami 
looked over at the Empress, who was standing rather close to 
Tenchi, and put it together.  
	"Oh," she said.  She looked saddened.
	Tenchi thought this was as good a time as any.  "Ryoko, 
Ayeka, I need to talk to you.  Alone."
	Ayeka nodded, she had been expecting this.  Ryoko said 
nothing and nodded slowly.  The others watched them, confused.  
	"You can use my office,"  E. Ryoko  told them.  Tenchi 
nodded in thanks.  The Empress led Tenchi and Ayeka that way.  
Tsunami took Sasami to get some lunch.  Mihoshi followed.  
Ryoko hung back for a moment and took a sad breath.
	"What does Tenchi want to talk to you about?"  Washu 
asked her daughter.  Ryoko visibly tensed, startled by the 
sound of her mother's voice.
	"I don't wanna talk about it."
	Washu regarded Ryoko quizzically.  "Hmmm."  She reached 
out with her mind to link with Ryoko's, intent on finding out 
for herself.  Suddenly, it was if a steel blast door slammed 
in her face.  She gasped out loud.  Ryoko was *blocking* her!  
She blinked in absolute shock.  She looked up to see Ryoko 
staring down at her, contempt in her eyes.
	"Wha...How.."
	"I'm not letting you into my mind anymore, *Mom*."
	Washu blinked.  "But....but..."
	Ryoko turned on her heel and walked after Tenchi and 
the others.
	Washu blinked in shock, then turned on her double.  
"*You* taught her that!"
	PM Washu stared back at her, the same contempt Ryoko had 
shown her was mirrored in her double's eyes.  "You're damn right 
I did,"  PM Washu told her visciously.  
	"How dare you?!"  Washu ground out.  "What gives you the 
right?!  She's *my* daughter!"
	"You've never been a mother to her!"  PM Washu shot back.  
"I've seen her past, her experiences.  Her life!  If you can 
call such a hell, 'life!'"  She took a step towards her.  "What 
kind of mother *invades* her daughter's thoughts?  Huh?  What 
kind of mother views her daughter as an *invention*?  A 
physiological freak!?"
	Washu lashed out with her hand to slap the Prime 
Minister.  PM Washu caught her hand with her own and held it 
in a steel grip.  PM Washu hissed, "Now you listen to me,"  
she said dangerously, "You stay away from my niece, and you 
stay away from my daughter, or so help me, Tsunami, I'll show 
you just how much power the Prime Minister of the Empire 
*really* has!"  With that, she shoved Washu back, who landed 
on her rear. 
	Washu looked up at her double in complete shock.  PM 
Washu stared her down.  "Do not make the mistake of believing 
this is a conversation,"  PM Washu hissed.  "Or an empty 
threat.  I assure you, it's not.  I so much as get a bad feeling 
about Ryoko, and I will have the Marines drag you kicking and 
screaming back through that portal!"  She didn't wait for Washu 
to reply.  Instead, she spun around, her white cape of rank 
swirling like a white thundercloud.  Washu watched in awe as 
PM Washu left the room.

	"There's something I have to tell you,"  Tenchi began.	
	"I know,"  both Ryoko and Ayeka said as one.  They looked 
at each other, each wondering how the other had found out about 
it.
	Tenchi nodded.  "I knew that Ayeka knew, I..I wasn't sure 
about you, Ryoko."
	Ryoko nodded sadly.  "I know, Tenchi."
	"Lord Tenchi,"  Ayeka began.  "Do you love her?"
	Tenchi paused.
	"Please, Tenchi.  It's...important that I know."
	"Yes,"  Tenchi told them point blank.  Ryoko closed her 
eyes in pain.  A single tear rolled down her cheek.   Ayeka 
took a breath. 
	"I see,"  Ayeka said.  "Then....then there's nothing 
else to say."  Ayeka turned and walked out the door.  
	"Ayeka..."  Tenchi began.  She didn't stop or even turn 
her head to acknowledge him.
	Ryoko was looking out the window.  He turned to her.  
	"Ryoko, I..."  
	She didn't stick around.  She vanished without even 
turning to look at him.  Tenchi watched her go and sighed.
	
	Out in the hall, the Empress watched as Ayeka walked 
calmly out of her office, threw her a glare, and started walking 
down the hall.  After a few steps, this walk became a run.  The 
Empress could just make out her sobs over the sounds of her 
footsteps. 
	She turned as Ryoko appeared right next to her.  The 
Empress stood her ground.
	"I don't blame him," Ryoko said, "But I *do* blame you."  
E. Ryoko's eyes narrowed as Ryoko continued.  "You opportunistic 
bitch," she hissed.  "You waited until I was out of the way, then 
made your move.  You know, I'm not sure which of us is worse,"  
E. Ryoko blinked.  "At least I had the common courtesy to tie 
Ayeka up before *I* tried to steal Tenchi."  With that, she 
vanished.  The Empress sighed. 
	She saw Tenchi come out.  She ran up to him.
	"How did it go?"
	Tenchi sighed.  "Better than I thought,"  he told her, 
"But also much worse."
	She took his hand.  "I'm sorry."
	He shook his head.  "No, it had to be done."  He took a 
breath.  "How did Ryoko know, I wonder?"
	"Mom probably told her,"  Ryoko said.
	Tenchi just nodded, lost in thought.  "Damn," he said.  
"Damn."

	Empress Ryoko entered her room and found her mother there 
waiting for her.  She gave her mother a weak smile.  PM Washu 
smiled and extended her hands.  Ryoko teleported into her arms, 
hugging her.
	"I'm happy for you,"  Washu told her.
	"Thank you,"  E. Ryoko replied.
	"I...told Ryoko."
	E. Ryoko nodded.  "I know.  It was probably the right 
thing to do.  I...I guess she reacted badly?"
	PM Washu nodded.  "Yeah, but I think she'll be okay...
eventually."
	"I'm glad."
	"She's gonna hate you until the day you die,"  she told her 
daughter seriously.
	E. Ryoko sighed.  "I couldn't wait any longer.  I'm going 
to be with him.  Period."
	Washu nodded.  "I know.  I just wish it didn't have to hurt 
her like this."
	"Me too."
	"So," Washu said, changing the subject, "What are the two 
of you kids gonna do?"
	"Actually, Mom, I need a favor from you."

	"Tenchi!"
	Tenchi turned to the voice and saw Sasami running down the 
hall towards him, Gensao right behind her.  
	"Sasami, what's wrong?"
	Sasami stopped just short of him.  "Can I talk to you?"
	He nodded.  "Sure."

	PM Washu nodded.  "You don't have to worry about that," 
she told her daughter.  "I had it in mind during your...er...
conception."
	E. Ryoko smiled.  "You can say, 'design,' Mom, it's not 
a dirty word."  
	"I don't want to seem insensitive."
	E. Ryoko blinked at this.  "Insensitive?  Mom, are you 
okay?  You seem rattled."
	PM Washu nodded.  "I'm just worried about Ryoko."  She 
turned to her daughter.  "Ryoko, you know I love you, right?  
You know that you come first, don't you?"
	E. Ryoko blinked.  "Yeah.  I love you too, Mom.  Are you 
sure you're okay?"
	PM Washu thought about her niece's past and suppressed a 
shudder.  A life as Kagato's killing machine, seven hundred years 
in a cave, and now, losing the one man she had ever loved.  
Not only that, but the one woman who *should* be the most 
sympathetic to her treated Ryoko more as an invention than a 
daughter.  PM Washu wondered how it was she and her double 
could be the same person.
	"Well," she began, banishing the thought from her mind, 
"About you and Tenchi.  First, I'm gonna have to talk to him..."

	"I'm worried about you, Tenchi,"  Sasami told him.  They 
were in his room now.  Sasami had spent the last hour telling 
him about her dream, the dream where the Empress was dead, and 
he was fighting for his life.
	Tenchi took a deep breath.  It was too close to home.  
Sasami had had bad dreams about him in the past, but so far they 
were just dreams.  This one, however, had a dangerous feel about 
it.
	"Did you tell your sister about this?"  he asked her.  
	Sasami shook her head.  "I didn't even tell Tsunami.  I 
don't know why not, I just felt...scared.  Tenchi, I have a bad 
feeling about this."
	"Me too, Sasami,"  he whispered.  "Me too."
	"What should we do?"
	Tenchi thought for a moment.  "You're *sure* Tsunami and 
Washu were there?"
	She nodded.  "But Tenchi, they were just *standing* there!  
Why wouldn't they try to help?!"
	Tenchi took another breath.  The idea that E. Ryoko could 
die so soon after he had found her...It was unsettling to say 
the least.
	"Okay, if you have another dream, tell me, okay?"
	Sasami nodded.  
	"Um...Tenchi?"
	"Yeah, Sasami?"
	"Are you and the Empress..."
	He smiled and nodded.  "Yeah, Sasami.  We are."
	The princess smiled and hugged him.  "Then I'm happy for 
you, Tenchi.  I really am."
	"Thanks, Sasami."  He hugged her.  
	"I know you must love her very much."  Tenchi smiled, glad 
that *someone* was happy for him.  He remembered that just after 
his first visit to the Empire, it was Sasami he had confided to 
about having feelings for the Empress, even though he had not 
told her who it was.  "I hope you're happy together."
	Tenchi took a hesitant breath as he remembered Sasami's 
dream.  "Me too, Sasami.  Me too."

	Sasami and Gensao entered the room and looked around.  It 
looked somewhat like her Little Washu's lab, but it had a more 
serious look to it.  There were no trees or plants.  It seemed...
professional.
	"Ms. Washu?"  she called out.
	"Over here, Sasami."  Sasami turned and saw PM Washu waving 
to her.  
	Sasami walked up to her.  "You needed to see me, Ms. 
Washu?"
	"Well, not you, exactly, but Gensao."
	Sasami blinked.  "What for?"
	"I just need to run a check.  It won't take long."
	"Oh, well okay."
	Washu nodded and turned to Gensao.  "Gensao, enter 
diagnostic mode."  Gensao threw Sasami a look, who nodded 
reassuringly.  Gensao's eye went dark.  Washu began to scan 
him.
	"Um...Ms. Washu, what are you doing?"
	"Checking him for espionage subprogramming."
	Sasami blinked.  "You mean...you think he's a spy?"
	Washu smiled.  "No, Sasami.  But it wouldn't surprise me 
if Count Seiryo tried to get some information from the palace 
through Gensao.  Gensao wouldn't even be consciously aware of 
it."  Sasami looked at the dormant guardian.  Washu smiled 
reassuringly.  "I doubt it, though, but it's better not to 
take chances."  Sasami nodded.  After a few minutes, Washu 
turned off the scanner.  "Okay, he's clean."  Sasami breathed 
a sigh of relief.  "Gensao, activate."  The guardian's eye lit 
up.
	"I trust all is well,"  he said.
	Washu nodded.  "Yeah, you're up to specs."
	"Good."
	"Well, now that that's done, how are *you* feeling, 
Sasami?"
	Sasami nodded.  "I'm okay."
	"I bet it was scary in that palace, huh?"
	Sasami nodded again.
	"Do you remember anything about what it looked like?  
The inside of the palace?"
	Sasami was about to open her mouth to respond when she 
heard Tsunami's irritated voice call out from the door.
	"That's quite enough, Ms. Washu."
	PM Washu looked a little irritated, but shrugged it off.  
"I don't know what you mean, Ms. Tsunami.  I was just asking 
Sasami about her experiences."
	"You were pumping her for information about the Royal 
Palace."
	PM Washu straightened.  "Only a handful of people have 
been in the places Sasami has been, Ms. Tsunami.  None have 
been an Imperial, and our intelligence is several years old.  
It never hurts to have all the information."
	Tsunami turned to Sasami and smiled.  "Sasami, your 
sister is looking for you.  You should go."
	"Um..okay."  She threw a look at Washu, who smiled and 
nodded.  She and Gensao walked out.
	"Can I help you with something, Ms. Tsunami?"  PM Washu 
asked.
	"Actually, I'm looking for Little Washu.  Have you seen 
her?"  
	PM Washu grimaced.  "My double is probably tooling around 
in her makeshift lab.  It's down the hall, where the men's room 
used to be."
	Tsunami blinked at Washu's harsh tone, but didn't say 
anything.  "Thank you," she said, turned, and left.

	Tsunami walked into the room marked, "MEN," expecting to 
find Washu's lab, and flinched when she heard a startled "Yikes!" 
from inside.  She quickly closed the door and shouted, "Sorry!"  
Her face reddened in embarrassment.  She went in search for 
another door.
	Corporal Tenza emerged from the door a second later, 
buckling his trousers.  "Tsunami in heaven," he remarked, 
shaking his head.  "Are *all* of Her Majesty's guests gonna 
get to see me with my pants down or what!?"

	Tsunami eventually found the right door.  It was another 
bathroom just down the hall from the other one.  She knocked 
this time and waited for the nasal voice of Washu to call out, 
"It's open!"
	She opened the door and walked inside.  She found Washu 
sitting at her holotop in an exact copy of her lab back on 
Earth.  
	"Something I can help you with, Tsunami?"  Washu asked, 
her tone was sad and downcast.  Once again, Tsunami had to 
wonder about a Washu's state of mind.
	"I need to talk with you, Washu."
	"Yeah, well, I ain't go'in anywhere."
	"No, I need to talk to *you*, Sister."
	Washu turned in her chair, a confused look on her face.  
"Tsunami, are you feel'n alright?  I think maybe you should 
let me..."  She broke off as darkness claimed her.  She fell 
from her chair, unconscious.  Before her body could hit the 
ground, however, her arms reached out and stopped her fall.  
She stood up.  Her eyes were glowing, and three gold circles 
had appeared on her forehead.  She sighed.
	"What is it, Sister?" she asked with a slightly irritated 
tone.  "You know my host has no memory of me, and this kind of 
thing takes a toll on her."
	Tsunami bit her lip.  "I know, I'm sorry, but I had to 
talk to you."
	Washu was studying her hand, examining her physical form.  
"Yes, well, what is it?"
	"Something is happening, Sister.  Sasami told me how she 
got out of her room at the palace.  She had help...from *him*."
	Washu looked up at her with those pink, glowing eyes.  
"Really?" she asked with a grin.  "What is he calling himself 
*this* millenium?"
	"Quintin."
	Washu smirked.  "'Quintin,' huh?  That's a new one."
	"If he is here, than that can only mean..."
	Washu raised her hand and stopped her.  "Yes, yes, I 
know."
	"Well, what are we going to do about it?!  Neither of 
our champions are anywhere *near* ready!"  Tsunami amended this.  
"Well, maybe Ryoko, but..."
	The tiny scientist interrupted again.  "Ryoko has 
her....failings.  As does Tenchi."
	Tsunami moistened her lips in apprehension.  "I still 
believe he's up to it."
	Washu arched an eyebrow.  "Really?  So soon?  I wouldn't 
be so quick, Tsunami.  After all, he's what?  You're *third* 
champion?"
	The blue haired goddess bit back a retort.  "Yes," she 
said simply.
	"Haste makes waste, Tsunami."
	"So we're not going to do anything," she said.  It was 
not a question.
	"We will continue on the track we have set ourselves upon.  
It's still too soon.  His appearance must be an anomaly.  It's 
impossible for Tokimi to be ready.  She didn't have the time to 
fully train a champion."
	Something about that statement troubled Tsunami, but she 
couldn't pin down why.  She pushed it aside.  "What if it's *not* 
an anomaly?  What if the Contest is here?"
	Washu waved the idea aside.  "Unlikely.  His appearance 
could merely mean that the Contest will come this decade, or 
this millenium.  You know him.  Time isn't exactly something he 
worries about."  Tsunami looked ready to continue, but Washu 
interrupted again.  "Now, I am going back to sleep.  Do not 
disturb me again over something so trivial."
	Tsunami simply nodded.  The light in Washu's eyes went 
out, and she collapsed.  A second later, she was awake again, 
holding her head.  Her eyes no longer glowed, and the circles 
were gone.
	"Wha..what happened?"
	"You fainted,"  Tsunami told her.  "Are you okay?"
	<Who am I kidding?>  she thought.  <None of us are okay, 
now.>

	"Come in,"
	Tenchi entered PM Washu's lab and took a quick look around.  
It only partially resembled his Washu's lab.  This one was more 
sterile, brighter, and generally more comfortable.  He didn't fear 
mechanical tentacles lashing out at him in *this* lab.  
	"Ryoko said you wanted to see me, Ms. Washu."
	PM Washu got out of her chair and grinned.  "Tenchi, if you 
are going to be doing this and that with my daughter, I must 
insist that you do something for me in return."
	Tenchi turned beet red.  "Well...I..uh...that is..."
	PM Washu's grin got wider.  "You will have to simply start 
calling me, 'Mom.'"  Her face turned dangerous.  "Or face the 
consequences."
	"Um...Ms. Washu...I..."
	She laughed.  "Okay, still a little too soon, but you'll get 
there eventually."
	Tenchi relaxed somewhat.
	"Tenchi, I need something from you."
	Out of reflex, his hands cupped his groin protectively.  
Washu blinked.  "How did you know...never mind.  I probably don't 
wanna know.  Yes, I need a sperm sample."
	Tenchi gulped.  "Um...if you're trying to figure out that 
whole Light Hawk Wing thing, you should probably talk to Little 
Washu.  She's been researching this for awhile you know."  He 
spoke quickly, searching for a tactful way out of his situation.
	"I could care less about the Light Hawk Wings," she told 
him seriously.  She sighed.  "Look, Tenchi, I'll level with you.  
I need to run this test for Ryoko."
	He blinked.  "What kind of test?"
	Washu hesitated.  "You see, I designed Ryoko to be 
practically perfect in every way.  I wanted a daughter, and I 
wanted that daughter to be happy and safe and loved."  She 
looked up at him.  "I also wanted her to be able to have a family 
of her own someday."  Tenchi gulped.  "The thing is, she's not 
sure she can.  Sure, I designed her to be able to have children, 
but she doesn't have any, despite the fact that she was with the 
Emperor for almost three centuries.  She's worried.  She asked me 
to run a test on her and you to see if it would be possible.  
That's why I need the sample.  To see if you're genetically 
compatible, to run genetic sequencing simulations, and to put 
my daughter's mind at ease."  She took his hand.  "Please 
Tenchi, this is very important to her."
	An image of the Empress holding a baby in her arms 
popped into his head.  In that image, she looked very happy.  
He wasn't anywhere near ready to have children yet, but if he 
did, she was the one he would want to have them with.  He was 
certain of that.  If this would put her mind at rest...
	He sighed, then nodded.  "Okay."
	PM Washu smiled.  She went to her desk and came back 
with a cup and a magazine.  "Through that door," she said, 
pointing at a dimensional door at the back of her lab.
	"No photography,"  he warned as he walked toward the 
door.  PM Washu laughed and watched him go.
	Her laughter died off as she thought about his statement 
and his behavior when she had told him she needed the sample.  
She wondered if he had been joking or if he was serious.  That 
troubled her.  <"Um...if you're trying to figure out that whole 
Light Hawk Wing thing, you should probably talk to Little Washu.  
She's been researching this for awhile you know.">  Tenchi's 
words came back to her.  PM Washu grimaced.
	She wondered exactly what kind of "research" her double 
had been conducting.  

	"Sasami, I want you to meet a friend of mine."  Ayeka 
gestured to an auburn haired woman in uniform.  "This is Misa."  
	Rikari knelt down and shook hands with the little 
princess.  "How do you do, Princess?"
	Sasami giggled.  "It's nice to meet you.  I'm Sasami."
	The three of them along with Gensao were in one of the 
comfortable palace sitting rooms.  Ayeka had run into Rikari 
who was posted in there today.  
	Ayeka's eyes were red and puffy.  It was obvious that 
she had been crying, but refused to acknowledge it or admit 
to anyone else that she was upset.  Sasami could see it plainly 
and so could Rikari, but they weren't going to bring it up.  
They knew what Ayeka was going through.
	It was at that point that Colonel Stolykios entered the 
room.  Rikari snapped to attention.  The blonde officer didn't 
even acknowledge her.  He walked up to Ayeka and Sasami.
	He gave the princesses a short bow.  "So this is the 
young princess who helped turn the Empire and the Kingdom upside 
down," he said with a smile.  He knelt down next to her.  "You 
must be Princess Sasami."
	Sasami grinned and nodded.  "Yup."
	Stolykios gave her a quick salute, which Sasami imitated 
almost flawlessly.  Stolykios laughed and even Ayeka had to 
smile.  Rikari remained stone-faced.
	The Colonel stood up and faced Ayeka.  "Milady, I wanted 
to ask you something."
	Ayeka blinked.  "All right."
	Stolykios paused, unsure as to how to continue.  "I was 
wondering if you would do me the honor of having dinner with me 
tonight."
	Ayeka blinked in shock.  She took a deep breath and shook 
her head.  "I'm flattered, Colonel, I am.  But...I just can't."
	Stolykios looked disappointed, but smiled and gave her a 
nod.  "I understand.  Thank you for your time, Milady."  He 
smiled down at Sasami and gave her another quick salute, fist 
over heart, then he turned and left.
	Ayeka felt someone grab her arm.  She turned and found 
it was Rikari.  "Ayeka, can I talk to you a sec?"  Ayeka 
nodded and allowed Rikari to pull her aside.  Sasami watched 
with interest as the Marine and the princess began speaking 
urgently.  She wondered what they were talking about.

	"Ayeka!  What the hell were you thinking?!"
	"What?!  What are you talking about?!"
	Rikari sighed.  "A dashing, young, *successful* Imperial 
officer asks you to dinner and you turn him down flat!?  Why!?"
	Ayeka took a painful breath.  "I...I just can't, Misa.  
It's just too soon.  I just lost..."
	"Lost what, exactly, Ayeka?"  Rikari asked her, cutting 
her off.  "You said you never slept with this guy,"
	Ayeka turned red at the thought, but shook her head.
	"Did he ever kiss you?"
	Ayeka blinked.  "No,"
	"Did he ever take you out?"
	Ayeka stared at her.  "No," she said again, a little more 
firmly.
	"Has he, at any time, suggested that he wanted a life with 
you?"
	Ayeka gritted he teeth, her sadness giving way to anger.  
"No, he hasn't."
	"It sounds to me as if you haven't lost anything,"  Rikari 
whispered.  "As a matter of fact, I think you've just *regained* 
your independence."
	Ayeka blinked again at this statement.  Rikari was right.  
She had been promised to Yosho when she was just a child.  Then, 
when it was obvious that he would not be able to marry her, she 
had latched onto Tenchi.  In effect, she had never been a single 
woman a day in her life!  Tenchi had known this, and he had let 
her go on that way.  Now he was with that Imperial slut, and she 
was left flapping in the breeze!
	Rikari watched her seethe and smiled.  "Hoo-rah, Ayeka," 
she whispered.
	"Hoo,"  Ayeka ground out between clenched teeth, "Rah."
	Rikari watched as Ayeka spun on her heel and walked out 
the door, a purple tornado of fury.  She followed along with 
Sasami and Gensao as Ayeka found Stolykios speaking with a Marine 
Captain in the main hallway.  He saw her approach and bowed.  
	"Milady,"
	Ayeka stood before him and curtsied.  "Colonel," she began, 
her voice syrupy sweet considering the anger she felt,  "If your 
gracious invitation to dinner is still open, I would like to 
accept."
	Stolykios blinked.  "Uh..yes, Milady, of course."
	"Ayeka,"
	"Ayeka," he repeated.  "Um..Shall I meet you here at 
seven, then?"
	"Seven sounds fine, Colonel."
	"Gavin," he corrected.
	"Gavin.  I will meet you here at seven o'clock."  Without 
another word, she turned and marched back to the sitting room.  
Rikari and Sasami saw her approach and rushed back inside.  
Ayeka entered the room, shut the door behind her and leaned 
against it, putting her hands to her temples.
	"What did I just do?"  she asked, shaking her head in 
disbelief.
	Rikari was grinning.  "Welcome to the rebound, Ayeka!  
You've taken your first step to forgetting ol'whathisname."
	Ayeka's eyes were wide, haunted.  "What did I just do?" 
she asked again.  Rikari face-faulted.  
	"Um, Sasami, I think your sister is going to need a drink 
of water."
	Sasami nodded and took Ayeka's hand.  "Come on, Ayeka.  
Let's go to the kitchen."
	"What did I just do?"  
	Rikari shook her head and muttered,  "This is going to be 
tougher than I thought."

	"It's been a long day,"  E. Ryoko remarked.  She was gently 
massaging Tenchi's shoulders.
	He only nodded.  The two of them were in E. Ryoko's bedroom.  
Night had fallen, and the two had decided to turn in early.  
Tenchi's eyes were closed as E. Ryoko kneaded the muscles in 
his shoulders.
	"How's that?"  she asked.
	"Wonderful," he muttered.
	"Good," she stopped and turned.  "Cause it's my turn."  
Tenchi smiled and turned to her.  He began massaging her 
shoulders.  Her head rolled from side to side.  
	Tenchi smiled and asked.  "So what did your mother say 
about that test?"
	She tensed.  "She hasn't gotten any results back yet.  
She wants to do a few more genetic sequencing tests."  He could 
hear the concern in her voice.
	He nodded.
	"I don't want to make it seem like I'm pressuring you or 
anything,  it's just that..."
	Tenchi shook his head.  "No, I think you'd make a great 
mother."
	"Tenchi, what do we do now?"
	He stopped.  He knew she was referring to the long term.  
"I guess I'll stay here," he told her.
	She turned to him.  "Tenchi, I can't let you do that."  
She caressed his cheek.  "You'd never be able to leave the 
palace.  You'd be a prisoner here."
	"It'd be worth it," he told her seriously.
	"No, Tenchi.  I've made a decision."
	He smiled.  "Oh really?  All of a sudden, it's like you're 
the Empress or something, eh?"
	She grinned.  "If I wanted to, I could order you to stay 
here in this room with me...forever."
	"Far be it from me to disobey an Imperial order."  He 
grinned back.  
	E. Ryoko's smile softened.  "No, Tenchi, I don't mean it 
like that."  She paused.  "I'm going to abdicate."
	His eyes went wide.  "What?"
	She nodded.  "It's a little early.  Mom and I wanted at 
least another year before we began to prepare for it, but she 
thinks it can be done now, and I agree with her."  She saw the 
incredulous look on his face.  "Once I abdicate we can go 
anywhere in the universe together, Tenchi.  Anywhere.  Perhaps...
we can even go to your world."
	His shock gave way to happiness.  He smiled again.  
"I think Earth would be a wonderful place to begin our life 
together."
	E. Ryoko beamed at him.
	"Ryoko," he began.  "I can't offer you the kind of life 
you have here."
	"I don't want it," she told him, seriously.  "Just you," 
she kissed him.
	
	Later that night, Tenchi walked outside into the courtyard.  
He had left E. Ryoko in her room, asleep.  He wanted to clear his 
thoughts.  
	He wanted a life with her.  He wasn't sure when that had 
become clear, perhaps it was the moment he had met her, or 
perhaps that night when they had first made love.  It didn't 
matter.  They were together, and that was what was important.
	Ayeka and Ryoko...
	They were his friends...no..more than that.  They were 
family.  He felt guilty for having hurt them this way, but as 
unfortunate as it was, this was what he wanted.
	He heard Ryoko materialize next to him.  He turned, 
smiling, expecting to see the Empress there.  Instead, it was 
his Ryoko.  
	"Ryoko..."
	Without a word, she grabbed him and, together, they 
vanished.
	They reappeared on the palace roof, atop one of the ornate, 
onion-shaped  domes that covered the palace towers.  The entire 
capital was below them, the city lights illuminating the sky.
	"Ryoko!"
	She held out her hand to silence him.  "You love her," 
she said sadly.  "I can respect that," she told him, "I can 
even *accept* it, but first..." She pulled her other hand out 
from behind her, producing a bottle of Jurain whiskey.  She 
opened the stopper and took a drink.  Then she handed the 
bottle to Tenchi. 
	"I'm going to *understand* it."
	Tenchi regarded her for a moment in shock.  He realized 
guiltily that he *owed* her an explanation.  Probably more than 
that, but for now, an explanation is all he could give her.  He 
took a healthy slug of whiskey and coughed as the horrid liquid 
burned the inside of his throat.  He sat down on the dome and 
handed the bottle back.
	"Where do you want to start?"

	"The time is here,"  Lady Tokimi intoned.
	D-6, her two champions, and the other assembled K'rystava 
said nothing, their heads bowed in respect.  Tokimi smiled.  
	"Now, we must have a catalyst."  She smiled again.  
"After all, Tsunami and Washu will not simply come to us.  That
has already been proven."
	D-6's brow furrowed as he remembered the last attempt to 
force Washu, and through her, Tsunami, into a confrontation.  
Dr. Clay had failed miserably, and as a result, D-3, D-6's 
counterpart was forced to move quickly to make sure nothing 
ill came of it.
	"Does Her Ladyship have a plan?"  D-6 asked 
respectfully.
	"Of course."

	"It's not like that at all!"  Tenchi blurted, half drunk, 
half angry.  "It's not about sex!  Or which one got to me first!"
	Ryoko stood before him, her face inches from his own.  He 
could smell the whiskey on her breath.  "Bullshhhhit!"  she got 
out.  "If you had given me or Ayeka half the chance you gave 
*her*, we wouldn't be having this conversation!"
	Tenchi shook his head in frustration and turned from her.  
"What do you want me to say, Ryoko?"  he asked.  "You're my 
friend, but I don't love you.  Ayeka's my friend, but I don't 
love her."
	"But you love *her*!"  Ryoko said accusingly.
	"Yes, I do!"
	She kissed him suddenly, passionately.  Tenchi blinked 
and broke away.  
	"Ryoko!"
	"Tenchi, don't you see?!"  she pleaded with him.  "You 
love her, and she's *my* double, so that means a part of you 
must love *me* too!"
	Tenchi swallowed, speechless.  "Ryoko," he said more 
softly.
	"Tenchi, please," she begged.  "Give me a chance.  Give 
me the same chance you gave her, *please*!"
	Tenchi shook his head, unsure how to get through to her.  
"Ryoko, I didn't *give* Ryoko a chance.  I'm with her because 
*I* want to be with her.  This isn't a contest."
	She shook her head.  "Then how come she wins and I lose!?"  
she demanded, tears in her eyes.  "How come she gets to be with 
you and I don't?!  If this isn't a contest, how come *I* come 
out as the loser in this?!"
	"It's not about winning or losing, Ryoko!"
	"But it *is* Tenchi!  I lost you!"  Tears were running 
down her face uninterrupted now.  "Don't you have any idea how 
that feels!?  Don't you care!?"
	Tenchi blinked tears out of his eyes.  He had known this 
was hurting Ryoko, but he had had no idea it was affecting her 
*this* much.  "I don't know what I can say, Ryoko," he told her 
honestly.  "I really don't.  I *do* care.  You have to believe 
me, but..." he shook his head, "I don't know what I can do about 
it."
	"I told you what you can do about it, Tenchi," she 
whispered, moving closer to him, placing her hands on his chest.  
"Give me the same chance you gave her."
	It finally dawned on him what it was she was asking.  He 
shook his head.  "Ryoko...no."
	"But why?" she sobbed.  "WHY?!   Am I *that* repulsive?!  
What is it about me, Tenchi?  Tell me and I'll change!  I swear 
I'll change Tenchi!  Just tell me!"
	He was silent.
	"PLEASE!!!"
	He took her hand in his.  "Ryoko, I never wanted to hurt 
you," he began softly.  "I...I.." he closed his eyes and tried 
again, "Back on the Soja, when we were fighting Kagato, I 
would've given my life to save yours.  I don't know what I can 
say to take away the pain, believe me if there was something, 
anything, I would say it, but it wouldn't change anything.  It 
*won't* change anything.  I wouldn't let it.  I love her."  
Ryoko shut her eyes in pain, a fresh wave of tears coursed down 
her cheeks.  "I don't blame you for hating me for what I've 
done.  I know you feel betrayed, hurt, angry, and probably a host 
of other emotions I can't even name."
	Her eyes were closed.  "I don't..." she was having trouble 
getting words out.  "...hate...you, Tenchi.  I...*can't*...hate 
you.  I can't even...hate *her*, because she's someone *you* 
love."
	That threw him.  "Ryoko..."
	"If she's really what you want, Tenchi," she said, barely 
containing her sobs.  "If you  *really* want to be with her..."
	Tenchi looked into her eyes.  "I want to be with her."
	She turned from him.  
	"You said you wanted to understand it," Tenchi told her.  
"This is it.  I love her.  I want to be with her.  I'm *going* 
to be with her.  Please, Ryoko.  Please.  Try to understand 
that."
	Ryoko turned from him, her hands balled into fists.  She 
was shaking slightly.
	"Ryoko..."
	She vanished.
	Tenchi sighed, and fell to his knees.  "Damn," he 
whispered. 
	He sat there, watching the two moons rise over Carissia, 
and wondering how he was going to get down.

	Ayeka entered the palace and saw Rikari and Sasami 
standing there, waiting for her.
	Rikari arched an eyebrow.  "Well?"  she asked.
	The princess sighed as she discarded her pale lavendar 
cape, revealing the purple dress she had bought that afternoon 
specifically for her date with Gavin.  She said nothing.
	"Ayeka,"  Rikari said warningly.  "Either you tell me 
now, or next time, me and the guys follow you in a van."  
Sasami nodded in agreement.
	Ayeka sighed again.  "He was charming, funny, polite, 
and treated me like the princess I am.  He took me to a 
wonderful restauraunt where we had the finest Jurain champagne 
and danced under a moonlit sky.  He listened raptly as I told 
him about my adventures, my search for Yosho, how I crashed on 
Earth, and everything afterward.  He regaled me with stories 
of the places he's seen and the strange and exotic species he's 
met.  Then he walked me to the door, kissed my hand like a 
proper gentleman, and said goodnight.  It was probably the 
epitome of a perfect first date."
	Sasami clasped her hands and sighed.  Rikari was 
grinning.  Ayeka faced them.
	"I hated every minute of it,"  she said, deadpan.  
Rikari and Sasami facefaulted.  Without another word, Ayeka
 went upstairs to her room.
	"Sasami,"  Rikari said, "We're gonna have to work on 
her."  Sasami nodded.

	Ayeka shut the door to her bedroom behind her and sighed 
again.  It *had* been a perfect date except for one small 
detail...
	It wasn't with Tenchi.
	"Have a nice night?"  A voice asked from her right.
	Ayeka turned and saw Ryoko emerge from the shadows.
	Ayeka shook her head.  "Not now, Ryoko," she said in 
an exhausted voice.  "I'm not up to fighting with you right 
now."
	Ryoko shook her head.  "Amazing," she said.  "It hasn't 
been twenty-four hours since Tenchi tells us he's going to...that 
he's been with..." she couldn't even get the dispicable idea out 
of her mouth.  "And you go running off to another man!  And you 
say *I'm* a woman of loose morals?!"
	The princess sighed and resigned herself to the fact that 
Ryoko wasn't going to go away.  She faced the demon and crossed 
her arms over her chest.
	"What should I do, Ryoko?  What should *we* do?"  She took 
a step towards her.  "Should we live the rest of our lives pining 
away for him?"  She was eye to eye, face to face, toe to toe with 
her now.  "WE LOST!!"
	Ryoko flinched as if Ayeka had slapped her across the face.  
For the first time, Ayeka noticed the tears in her eyes.  
	Ryoko nodded.  "Fine.  Okay, Ayeka.  You do that.  You give 
up.  I guess it's pretty obvious what Tenchi means to *you*!"  
With that final word, she vanished.
	Ayeka collapsed on her bed and sighed.  A fresh wave of 
tears formed in her eyes.  She shut them and buried her head in 
her pillow, allowing the tears to be soaked into the soft velvet.

	Tokimi watched her new champion practice in the Arena.  
His wrists glowed with a golden light.  She smiled.  Her champion 
had bonded with her rings quickly enough for her satisfaction.  
	She felt the presence behind her the second it appeared.  
She turned.
	"It's been a long time," she said.
	Quintin stood before her, his face expressionless.
	"Do I rate not even a smile any longer?"  she asked.
	His expression didn't change.  "I'm not here for a reunion," 
he told her.  "I'm here to observe."
	She extended her hand to him.  "Then come.  Observe."  
Quintin took a step forward and looked down into the Arena at 
Tokimi's champion.  "He's not a bad choice, given I only had 
three hundred years to train him."
	"It's more than your sisters had, Tokimi."
	"That's their problem, not mine."
	"There are those who would say you are taking undue 
advantage of the...circumstances."
	"Circumstances that favor me,"
	"Circumstances *you* created."
	"Be that as it may.  I have broken no rules."  She muttered 
under her breath, "Unlike some I could name."
	"They didn't get away with it.  No harm was done."
	"Your influence?" she asked.
	"Perhaps.  Fate and Destiny work in mysterious ways, 
Tokimi."
	"So you've always maintained," she replied.  "The Contest 
has come."
	He nodded.  
	"So how are my sisters?  Are they....prepared?"
	Quintin's face turned cross.  "Do you honestly believe 
I'd tell you?  Be warned, Tokimi," he told her sternly, "Up until 
now, you've been the only one *not* to break the rules of the 
Contest.  That's not to say you haven't come close...damn close.  
Close enough to where I've considered pulling the rug out from 
under your little spat."
	Tokimi fumed.  "Considering what you've allowed my sisters 
to get away with, that threat is nothing more than blatant 
hypocrisy."  Quintin said nothing.  "Washu broke the rules first.  
Imagine, *creating* a champion from scratch.  Certainly neither 
the spirit nor the letter of the laws of the Contest would permit
 such a thing."
	"I...took care of it,"  he told her, his voice taking on a 
solemn tone.  "Washu's champion is as *sentient* as the others.  
I guarantee it."
	"And Tsunami,"  Tokimi went on, "I must admit, I did not 
give my younger sister enough credit.  She tries to directly 
infuse her powers into a champion, and before that, she tries 
to *assimilate* with one!  The fact that you would allow such 
a disgrace to continue with her current champion is ludicrous."
	Quintin turned to her.  "I said nothing when you decided 
on two champions, nor when you accelerated this universe's flow 
of time so that you would have time to train them,"  he told her, 
"I gave you lattitude, I will give *them* lattitude.  Or...if 
you prefer,  *I* can decide this for the three of you...now."
	Tokimi tensed.  "You agreed," she accused him.  "You swore 
that we could decide amongst ourselves."
	"That's right," he told her.  "The three of you created 
sentience, now *you* have to deal with it.  I had hoped you would 
find a better way, hoped that you would be reasonable, but..." he 
took a breath.  He shook his head.  "It's incredible.  The 
creators mimicking their creations.  There's so much of the three 
of you in them it frightens me."  She said nothing, just glared 
at him.  "The Contest will continue.  You may..." he smirked just 
slightly, "*Decide* this amongst yourselves."
	Tokimi nodded.
	Quintin raised his hand, but paused.  "I just hope your 
petty squabble doesn't destroy what the three of you worked so 
hard to create."  With that final word, he snapped his fingers 
and vanished in a flash of light.
	Tokimi turned back to watching her champion, fuming 
silently.
	<Soon,> she thought, <Soon this will be decided once and 
for all, and once her champions stood over the corpses of her 
sisters' champions, not even Quintin and his holier than thou, 
condescending attitude will be able to pass judgement on me or 
my commands.  Sentience will follow the path *I* choose for it 
and no other.>  She watched her champion behead two more 
K'rystava trainers.  <Soon,> she repeated to herself.
	Very soon.

Author's Notes:

Well, that's the end of "The Bonds of Sisterhood."  I hope you 
all enjoyed it.  There will be no more chapters.  (Author 
straightens some papers on his desk while audience glares at 
him.)  No!  That's it!  No more!  Go home!  (Author ducks a 
thrown egg, then a few rocks and a molotov cocktail.) 
ALL RIGHT!  ALL RIGHT!  I'LL WRITE A FEW MORE CHAPTERS!  JEEZ, 
PEOPLE, CUT ME SOME SLACK!  
Tell you what, I'll even throw in a teaser.  Okay?  Will that 
make you happy?  Fine.  Next time, on "The Bonds of Sisterhood..."

	
	Ryoko turned to leave.  The Empress grabbed her by the 
shoulder.  Suddenly, she was flying through the air as Ryoko 
threw her.  Instead of hitting the ground, E. Ryoko recovered 
and vanished, reappearing right next to her.  Ryoko's eyes 
were filled with abject hatred.  E. Ryoko nodded in understanding.
	"I see," she said, nodding.  "*That's* what you want."  
Anger burned in the Empress.  After what Ryoko had done last 
night, stranding Tenchi on the tower roof like that, she was 
willing to give all Ryoko wanted and then some.  "Whenever 
you're ready," she growled.

	
	
