disclaimer - i dont own tenchi or anything about tenchi so dont sue me
pioneer or you either AIC

Chad and Sasami arrived way before anybody else.  Both of them cleaned up
and
Chad had to Band-Aid his cut.

(Chad) Hmmm, what should I make?
(Sasami) I dunno.
(Chad) Did you guys ever have Ham and mash potatoes?
(Sasami) No.
(Chad) Good then Ill make that.

Chad started to cook up a storm.  He cut the pineapple for the ham, he
boiled
the water, and he cut the vegetables and did everything else.  When he was
all done, he popped the ham in the oven, the vegetables in the pot and in
the
other pot went the mash potatoes.  Since Chad was all sweaty from before, he
went to go take a shower and get ready.  During this time, everybody else
arrived home.

(Ryoko) What is that wonderful smell?
(Sasami) That is our dinner that Chad cooked. It will be ready in 30-min.
Get
ready.

Everybody left to get changed for dinner. Before everybody came down, Chad
set up the table and checked up on all the foods.

(Chad) Everything is perfect.

Everybody came down at around the same time and were in awe to see Chad
sitting there at the dinning room table with all this food that he just
cooked.  Even Sasami was amazed at how much food he created even though she
saw the whole process.

(Chad) Bon appetite.

Everybody ate the food and congratulated Chad on such a wonderful meal.
After the meal, The girls this time didn't allow Chad to clean up so they
did.

(Nobuyuki) Looks like someone is becoming a real ladies man.
(Chad) Uh. Heh heh. Heh heh.

After everything was cleaned up everybody but Kashuhito went to watch TV.
Kashuhito said he had stuff to do at the Shrine so he left.

(Chad) Well I gotta go finish unpacking.  So if I don't see you guys later,
then goodnight.

Chad walked up to his room and everybody remained watching TV.

(Ryoko) It's real fun with Chad around.  Its fun having another earthling
around
(Kiyone) Yea you're right Ryoko

Everybody agreed.  Later that night, All the girls wanted to say goodnight
to
Chad so they all went to his room.

<Knock, Knock>

(Chad) Who is it?
(All the girls in unison) May we come in?
(Chad) Um sure.

The girls entered into his room.  Chad was sitting on his bed looking
through
a trunk below him.

(Ryoko) What are ya doing their Chad?
(Chad) Oh, I'm just looking through some things that I couldn't sell like
family heirlooms.
(All the girls) Can we look?
(Chad) Um sure I guess.

All the girls sat around the trunk and looked at things that were in there.
There were pictures, some books, jewelry, a teddy bear and some other
things.
Mihoshi picked up the teddy bear and looked at it.

(Chad) I've had that since I was born.

Everybody then proceeded to pick up some pictures that were in the trunk.  A
lot of them were baby pictures or pictures of him with his parents.

(Ayeka) Is this you as a baby Chad? [Holding up a picture]
(Chad) Yea, that was my first birthday.

All the girls look at the picture and in unison say Awwww.  They then
switched to a different photo, which Chad immediately grabbed out of their
hands before anybody, can see.  Ryoko, who was sitting next to him took the
photo away and passed it around.  Chad tried to get the photo back but he
couldn't before they all saw it. Chad turned bright red at the thought of
that picture.  It was a picture of a baby Chad in a bathtub naked.  His
parents would have used it as blackmail in his later teens.  Chad quickly
put
away his photos knowing there were probably even worse ones in the pile.

(Chad) well, goodnight everybody.
(All the girls in unison) Goodnight Chad. [All smiling after what they had
just seen]

That night, Chad had a very good sleep even though what had just happened to
him.  Also that night, all six girls had a pretty good sleep.  The next
morning was peaceful.  Sasami cooked breakfast, Ryoko and Ayeka didn't fight
and Chad and Tenchi went to work.

(Chad) How long have you known them?
(Tenchi) Who? The girls?
(Chad) Yea.
(Tenchi) About 2 years.
(Chad) And one of them still isn't your girlfriend?
(Tenchi) Nope.
(Chad) Don't sweat it.  My luck with women is horrible.  You should be happy
that you got them at least as friends.

Chad and Tenchi then went to the fields to pick some carrots.  Ryo-oki also
tried to steal some carrots but Chad caught her and he stopped her.  Now it
was off to do some training before lunch.  Both of them put in their full
energy to try to win but neither could surpass each other.  It was around
lunchtime so they stopped.

(Tenchi) Aren't you coming to lunch?
(Chad) Oh, I really don't feel like eating and I need some time to think.
Ok?
(Tenchi) Sure, Ill see you later.
(Chad) See ya.

Tenchi arrived home later while Chad stayed at the shrine.

(Ayeka) Lord Tenchi, Where is Chad?
(Tenchi) Oh, yea, he wanted to stay at the shrine because he said he needed
to think about some things.

It was a quiet lunch.  Everybody was wondering what Chad would want to think
about.  Chad himself didn't know what he wanted to think about.  He just
stayed there looking into the sky in thought.

(Sasami) Who wants to bring Chad his lunch?  I mean, a kid does have to eat.
(Ryoko) Ill bring it.
(Sasami) Thanks.

Everybody else thought this was weird but they just shrugged it off.  After
lunch, everybody went to do his or her separate things.  Ryoko took the food
and flew off to the shrine.  When she almost got there, she remembered not
to
use her powers so she walked the rest of the way.

(Ryoko) Um, excuse me Chad?
(Chad) What is it?
(Ryoko) Oh, I just brought your lunch.  Sasami wanted you to eat something.
(Chad) Thanks.
(Ryoko) What are you thinking about?
(Chad) Oh just some things like home, NY, and my parents.
(Ryoko) Do you mind if I sit with you?
(Chad) Sure, be my guest.

Ryoko proceeded to sit next to Chad.  She noticed all the bruises and cuts
he
had on his body.

(Ryoko) Don't those hurt?
(Chad) Not really.  Nothing a day or two won't cure.
(Ryoko) I know but they don't bother you at all?
(Chad) I got use to them.  I was always the subject for the bullies to beat
up so I just got used to them. It also strengthens me.  It's nothing really.

Chad slowly ate his lunch cause he was so tired he could barely move his
arms.

(Ryoko) So did you leave your sweetheart at home for the summer? [She said
this while winking.]
    [This made Chad choke on his food]
(Chad) Um actually no. I never really had a girlfriend.
(Ryoko) Really?
(Chad) Yep.  Back at home, I was never really liked by girls.  Most of them
didn't even know I existed.
(Ryoko) Well, cheer up!  Here, we all like you!
(Chad) [Blushing] thanks, that really means a lot to me.
(Ryoko) Don't sweat it.
(Chad) So do you have a crush on anybody?
(Ryoko) Well, I guess you can say that.
(Chad) I hope you get him.  A person like you should deserve somebody great.
(Ryoko) Thanks.  I wonder how a guy like you never got a girlfriend.
(Chad) Yep, I wonder too.

Chad finished his lunch as both of them sat looking at the peaceful sky.

(Chad) Well, I guess I should get back to work.
(Ryoko) What work do you have to do?
(Chad) Well, I offered to do some chores while I'm here.  I mean, I don't
wanna be a rude guest.
(Ryoko) Can I help you?
(Chad) If you want to than sure.

The two of them then proceeded to walk to the fields.  When they got there,
they had to pick the rest of the carrots and plant new ones. They finished
in
no time.

(Ryoko) Hey Chad, when is your birthday?
(Chad) It's July 5th.
(Ryoko) That means its less than one week away.
(Chad) Yea, I guess so.
(Ryoko) Oh, man. I just remembered I have to go do something rather
important.
(Chad) Ok thanks for the help.  See ya later.

Ryoko left while Chad attended to the rest of his chores.  Ryoko quickly ran
home since she couldn't fly.

(Tenchi) What is it Ryoko?
(Ryoko slightly out of breath) When are we going to start to get ready for
Chad's birthday party?
(Sasami, Mihoshi) BIRTHDAY?  When is it?
(Ryoko) July 5th.  That's less than one week away.
(Sasami) Oh my god.  We better start to get ready.  By the way, where is
Chad?
(Ryoko) He is out in the fields.  He had to finish off his chores.
(Tenchi) That reminds me, I gotta help him. [Tenchi ran out the door]
(Sasami) Ok. Mihoshi and Kiyone will get the decorations.  Ayeka and I will
make the cake. Ryoko, you go get drinks and chips. Washu, we will need to
use
your lab to hide the stuff in.
(Everybody else) Right.

That night, there was a dinner prepared by Sasami.  It was a wonderful meal
as always.  Mostly everyone kept quiet until the dumb-founded blond started
speaking.

(Mihoshi) Hey Chad, when is your birthday? [Almost everyone face-faulted at
this point]
(Chad) It's July 5th.
(Mihoshi) Wow, that's pretty close don't you think?
(Chad) yea I guess so.

The rest of dinner was spent quiet.  After dinner, Chad, Tenchi, and
Nobuyuki
cleaned up while the others went to do their own thing.

(Tenchi) Sorry about the chores earlier today.
(Chad) It's ok.  Ryoko offered to help me and so she did.
(Tenchi) She helped you?
(Chad) Yea, is that a problem?
(Tenchi) Well she never does chores and she offered to help.
(Nobuyuki) Looks like the ladies like someone.
(Tenchi) Dad! We shouldn't embarrass him.

Chad retired to bed early after he cleaned up his cuts.  All the girls
wished
him a goodnight with smiles on their faces. The next morning, Chad woke up
around noon.

(Chad) I wonder why they let me sleep in?

Chad walked down the stairs to see nobody at home.  He saw a note on the
table that read.

Dear Chad,
Were sorry we didn't wake you but you looked really tired so we just left
you
asleep. The seven of us went to town today and we will be back later at
around 2. Kashuhito, Tenchi, and Nobuyuki went out for the day and they
won't
be home till late. See ya in a bit!
                                        Love, Sasami, Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi,
Kiyone, Washu, and Ryo-oki

(Chad) Oh well. I guess I'm on my own for a while.

Back in the city…

(Sasami) Ok, we have everything we need; now all we need to get are the
presents.
(Ryoko) Well that shouldn't be a problem.

Ayeka and Washu went into a jewelry store.  Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Sasami went
into a clothing store. Ryoko and Ryo-oki went into a picture store.  They
all
came out later with bags full of gifts.  Chad dozed off on the couch after
eating a sandwich for breakfast.  They all came home to see Chad still
asleep
on the couch.  They snuck everything over to Washu's lab in order to hide
everything.  When they stepped out, Chad was stirring a little in his sleep
but he didn't wake up.  Everyone decided to stay quiet so not to wake him.
Of coarse, this worked until Mihoshi sneezed waking him up.

(Chad) Oh ok, you guys are home.
(Mihoshi) Sorry for waking you Chad.
(Chad) It's ok. I'm glad you did actually.
(Washu) Why is that?
(Chad) Well I wanted to know what you guys did while you were out.
(Sasami) Well we went to go buy some new um…
(Mihoshi) dresses.  [Everybody was shocked that Mihoshi actually did
something smart for once.]
(Chad) Cool.
(Ryoko) Well, aren't you going to ask to see them on us?
(Chad) Well, I wasn't really thinking you guys wanted to show them to me but
if do then ok.
(Ryoko) Good, we will go get them and show them to you.

Everybody went up stairs to Ayeka and Sasami's room.

(Kiyone) Ryoko, How could we possibly try on dresses if we didn't buy any?
(Ryoko) Well, Chad has never seen any of our dresses so all we have to do is
pick out our best ones and show them to him.
(Ayeka) That's a pretty good idea.  Sneaky but good.

Everybody then went to their own rooms to pick out their clothes.  About 30
min later, Sasami screamed.

(Sasami) Hey Chad, If you want to see us then turn around.

Chad turned around to see the beautiful women in their clothes.  Chad almost
started to drool because they were so stunning.  Ryoko was wearing a long
black dress that showed a little too much leg.  Ayeka and Sasami were both
wearing kimonos.  Washu wore a white dress that showed a little too much
skin.  Mihoshi and Kiyone both wore knee length solid color, strapless
dresses.  Chad snapped out of it and said.

(Chad) You six look very stunning.  I'm surprised there aren't guys waiting
around the corner for all of you.
    [This made all six of them blush very brightly at those comments.]

Chad then quickly grabbed his notebook and started to sketch them in their
dresses.

That night was spent very normal.  The only thing out of place was that
Tenchi, Nobuyuki, and Kashuhito were still gone.

Chad went up to his room to write in his diary.

(Chad) Well goodnight everybody.
(Everybody else) Goodnight Chad!

As he was walking away, he felt two hands pinch his butt.  He looked around
to see Mihoshi and Ryoko smiling at him.  He smiled back and continued on
his
way.  After about 10 minutes, Ryoko went to go say goodnight to him.  She
went through the floor to see him turned away in just his boxers and a
shirt.

(Ryoko) Oh baby, take it off.
(Chad) Wha?  Oh, its just you Ryoko, I didn't hear you come in.
(Ryoko) I just wanted to say Goodnight to you. Well goodnight.
(Chad) Goodnight Ryoko. [He pecked her on the cheek]

As Chad showed her to the door, he felt another rather painful pinch happen
to him and then a peck on the cheek.  Chad went to sleep.
