disclaimer - i dont own tenchi or anything about tenchi so dont sue me
pioneer or you either AIC


The next couple of days went by as normal as could be.  Nobody used their
powers, Tenchi and Chad trained and everything was normal.  Finally the day
of Chad's birthday had arrived.  Chad wasn't expecting anything so he just
acted as if it were a normal day.  Chad woke up at around 11am.  The plan
was
to have someone take him out for the day and when he returned, they would
surprise him.

(Ryoko) Hey Chad, wanna come with me to go out to lunch and see a movie?
(Chad) Sure, Id love to go.

The two of them went out to lunch first.  As soon as they left, everybody
immediately started working.  Ayeka and Sasami made the cake.  Tenchi set up
the food and stuff.  Mihoshi ran around hanging the decorations.  Nobuyuki
helped her.  Kashuhito went to get confetti and party hats while Washu was
in
her lab working on a perfect gift for Chad.

After a big lunch, both of them were full.

(Ryoko)  Check please.

The check arrived and Chad immediately snatched it up to pay.

(Ryoko) What are you doing?
(Chad) I'm paying for the meal.
(Ryoko) Well I wanted to pay.
(Chad) Well a true gentleman always pays.
(Ryoko) Well I asked you to come so I pay.  Id rather pays.
(Chad) fine, if you want to so much then I will allow you to pay but I pay
for the movie. Deal?
(Ryoko) Deal.

Ryoko went up to pay for bill.  Chad went to go collect their things and
they
were off to the movies.  Chad bought the tickets and the refreshments.  They
sat down in the theater. Them two were the only ones in the theater. They
sat
in the middle with Ryoko to Chad's left.  After the movie was done, it was
around 4 PM so they decided to go home.  On the car ride home, Ryoko saw
that
Chad was a little depressed.

(Ryoko) What's the matter Chad?
(Chad) Oh nothing really.
(Ryoko) Come on. Tell me please?
(Chad) Okay, its just this is my first birthday without my family.
(Ryoko) I'm sorry.
(Chad) don't be. You have nothing to be sorry for.
(Ryoko) Well cheer up! You're with us now and we can be your family.
(Chad) Thanks Ryoko!
(Ryoko) No problem.
(Chad thinks) <What did I ever do to deserve this. >

They got home at around 5 PM. As soon as Chad walked through the door he
heard

(Everyone) SURPIRSE!  HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHAD!

Chad couldn't believe that they were celebrating his birthday.  All the
girls
ran up to him to hug him, as he was still stunned.  Tenchi and Kashuhito
were
throwing confetti while Nobuyuki was getting it on camera.  They all sat
down
to eat a great meal done by Sasami and Ayeka.  Just when Chad was full, they
brought out the cake.  They sang happy birthday and Chad made his wish.
Everybody was served and everybody ate the cake.

(Chad) So what do we do next?
(Tenchi) Lets open presents.
(Chad) Ok.

They walked over to the couch and everybody went to get their presents.
First up was Ayeka.  She gave him a watch.  Next up was Washu who gave him a
matching silver necklace and bracelet.  Sasami then gave Chad a couple of
silk shirts from DKNY.  Kiyone bought him a jacket.  Mihoshi got him a photo
album.  All the girls snickered.  Tenchi got him some art tools and a couple
of notebooks. Kashuhito and Nobuyuki's gift to him was a brand new digital
camera.  Finally, Ryoko gave him some silk boxers and which made him blush.

(Chad) Thank you so much for everything you have given me in the past two
weeks.  I fell so right to be here with my new best friends.  Thank you all.

The rest of the night was spent partying with all the girls dancing with
Chad
and him trying out his new camera on everybody taking pictures.  After a
bit,
Washu called everybody out to the porch.

(Washu) Chad, this is a gift from all of us to you.  Now look up.

Chad did as he was told and he saw the fireworks.  His eyes lit up as he saw
them.

(Washu) Hey Chad, you know how people can write words in fireworks?
(Chad) yea.
(Washu) well, look.

Chad looked up at the message that was being written. It said {W E L C O M E
T O  T H E  F A M I L Y
C H A D!} As Chad saw this, he immediately burst into tears. He was just so
overwhelmed by their gratitude that he couldn't hold it in any longer.

(Sasami) Why are your crying Chad?
(Chad) My wish came true.
(Chad) Thank you all so very much.  I don't think I could ever pay you all
back for this.

 All the girls hugged him really close.  HE just hugged back trying not to
cry but it was too hard along with all the pain from his bruises.  After the
hug separated, everybody went back to the house.  Washu cracked open her
special sake.  Everybody had some especially Chad.  HE didn't know what he
was drinking but he did like it.  The next morning Chad woke up with his
first hangover.  For some reason, everybody let him sleep on the floor.

(Chad) Ow, my head.
(Washu) You're just having your first hangover.  Nothing a day of rest won't
cure.
(Chad)  If any of you guys need me, ill be up in my room.
(Ryoko) Sure thing Chad.

Breakfast went by quiet.  Chad was still in his room with the hangover so he
couldn't come down to eat.  Tenchi had to do all the chores that day and
most
of the day was spent watching TV for the girls.  After dinner, Sasami had
made a special meal for Chad and asked Ryoko to bring it up.

(Sasami) Hey Ryoko.  Chad hasn't eaten all day.  Can you bring this up to
him?
(Ryoko) Sure.  [She takes the food and goes upstairs]

<Knock, Knock>

(Chad) Who is it?
(Ryoko) It's me Ryoko.  I got some food for you.  Can I come in?
(Chad) Sure, just hold on one sec. [Chad had to get up and unlock the door.
Ryoko then walked into his room to see him sitting up in his bed.]
(Ryoko) Here you go. [She gave it to him and then sat down in his chair]
(Chad) Thanks.  Wow, I dint know Sasami could cook hamburgers and French
fires.
(Ryoko) Yea, she said it would help make you feel at home.  What does that
mean?
(Chad) Well, back in America, we all eat hamburgers and French fries.
(Ryoko) Can I try some?
(Chad) Sure. [He ripped of a piece of the hamburger for Ryoko and gave her
some French fries.]
(Ryoko) Wow, that's really good.
(Chad) Yea.
(Ryoko) I got a question for ya.
(Chad) What is it?
(Ryoko) Which one of us girls do you like the most?  [Not expecting this,
Chad almost choked]
(Chad) Um, well I like all of you.  I mean, all of you girls have certain
traits about you that I just find great.  Sasami and Mihoshi are always
cheery.  Kiyone has determination.  Ayeka is very calm.  Washu is brilliant
and you are really wild and you can be calm at sometimes.
(Ryoko) What's the one thing in your life that you want more than anything?
(Chad) I guess I would have to say.  I would want to know more about my true
life.
(Ryoko) What do you mean?
(Chad) Well, my parents told me that I was adopted and so I never knew
anything about my real life.
(Ryoko) I'm sorry.
(Chad in a cherry tone) Don't be.  I don't want you ever to be sorry for me
ok?
(Ryoko) Ok.  [Chad finished up his meal and was going to bed]
(Ryoko) Well goodnight Chad.  I hope you feel better.
(Chad) Thanks.  Goodnight Ryoko. [Ryoko tucked him in and kissed his
forehead.  She left to let him sleep] [She was the only one awake in the
house so she decided to go to sleep also.]

The next morning, Chad was still with the hangover but he decided that some
fresh air would do him good.  He got dressed and walked downstairs to the
porch to see the sunrise.  The sun was just peeking over the mountains.
Chad
thought he was all alone when he saw Ryoko sitting on the dock looking at
the
sun.  He decided to go sit next to her.

(Chad) Um excuse me miss?  Is this seat taken?
(Ryoko) Huh? Oh hi Chad.  No, not at all. [Chad sat and they both looked at
the sun rising.
(Chad) God, isn't it beautiful?
(Ryoko) It sure is.
(Chad under his breath) Almost as beautiful as you.
(Ryoko) What did you say?
(Chad) oh nothing.

Ryoko laid her head on Chad's shoulder and they watched as the sun rised.
When it finally did rise, the two of them were wide awake.

(Ryoko) Hey Chad, after the summer, what are you going to do?
(Chad) I really don't know.  I mean I could move back to New York but there
I
might be put in an orphanage and I'll never see you guys again.  Also, I m
not 100% sure that I can stay here either.  So really, all I can do is wait
and see what happens.
(Ryoko) Well, what ever happens. I hope it turns out good.
(Chad) Me too.

The two of them decided to walk back to the house where Sasami was already
up
cooking breakfast.

(Sasami) Good morning Ryoko.  Good morning Chad.
(Ryoko + Chad) Good morning Sasami.
(Sasami) Oh, Chad, Kashuhito wanted to talk to you about something before
breakfast.
(Chad) Thanks Sasami.  I guess I should leave now.  Bye Sasami.  Bye Ryoko.
Sasami + Ryoko) Bye Chad.

Chad went up to the shrine thinking of what Kashuhito would possibly want to
talk about. He finally got to the shrine and walked over to Kashuhito's
office.

(Chad) Is there something you wanted to see me about?
(Kashuhito) Yes, come here.
(Chad) So what did you want to talk about?
(Kashuhito) Well Chad, I have been thinking really.  In my hand in an
application for you to go to school here in Japan if you choose to stay
here.
 Of coarse, I know this will take much thought.  I do need answer in three
days though.
(Chad) Well then you will have your answer then.
(Kashuhito) Good.  Now go run off or you will have a cold breakfast.
(Chad) Right.  [Chad walked home so he could get his breakfast.]

(Chad) Is there any breakfast left?
(Sasami) Sorry, no.  We didn't know if you were gonna be back so soon so
Ryoko had your breakfast.
(Ryoko) Sorry.
(Chad) It's ok.  Ill just have to catch some food at lunch.  Hey Tenchi, are
there any chores to do?
(Tenchi) Yea, Just some around the house.
(Chad) I'll go do them.
(Tenchi) Ill come help.
(Chad) No. It's ok.  I got it.
(Tenchi) Are you sure?
(Chad) Yea no problem.

Chad left to do the chores outside.  After about two hours, he was all done
so he decided to up on the roof and sketch some scenery.  HE went inside and
got his book.  HE then went up to the roof and sat down looking at all the
things he could sketch.  HE did a couple of sketches until he saw Ryoko on
the other side of the roof.  HE thought it as a good opportunity to sketch
her.  He did so and he was done.  Ryoko noticed him and walked over.

(Ryoko) What are you doing up here Chad?
(Chad) Oh, just some thinking and sketching.
(Ryoko) Oh, can I see the sketches. [Chad gave her the book and started to
look through them.]
(Ryoko) These are really good.  Um Chad.
(Chad) Yea?
(Ryoko holding up her picture) When I did I become a good sketch material?
(Chad blushing) Well, you seemed so peaceful that I just wanted to catch it
on paper.
(Ryoko now blushing) Wanna do some more sketches?
(Chad) Sure.

Ryoko started to do some playful poses while Chad sketched each one.  They
were both having such a good time that they didn't notice that they
completely missed lunch.  Chad finally ran out of paper so they stopped.
They looked over the pictures together.

(Ryoko) Hey Chad, if you could date any one of us six girls.  Who would you
choose?
(Chad) Well Sasami and Washu are too young.  Mihoshi and Kiyone are too old
and I know that I could never date a girl like you or Ayeka so I dunno
(Ryoko)  Why do you think you cannot get a date with me?
(Chad) Well, first you very beautiful.  Your smart and funny.  You seem
perfect in very aspect.  I don't deserve a date with you.  Also, you are a
couple of years older than I am.
(Ryoko) Well, it can't hurt to try to ask me.  I mean the worst I can do is
laugh at you.
(Chad) That's another reason.  I have been rejected too many times in my
life.  I can't handle it anymore.
(Ryoko) Just ask me and see what happens.
(Chad) ok.  Ryoko, would you like to go out on a date with me?
(Ryoko) I would love too.
(Chad) You really would?
(Ryoko) Yea lets go to the beach.  We will leave tomorrow morning.
(Chad) Great.  Uh, did we miss lunch?
(Ryoko) I guess so.
(Chad) Come on.  Lets go to town and get some lunch.  My treat.
(Ryoko) Let's go then.

Chad and Ryoko got off the roof and they went into town.  They walked around
the town and found a good little restaurant.  They sat down and they began
to
talk about things like what to do tomorrow. After that, they walked around
the mall and looked in the stores.  They passed by a jewelry store and
Ryoko's eyes were caught on a necklace that she liked.  Chad was just about
to buy it for her but Ryoko pulled on his hand and they left.  They walked
home and got home at around 5pm.

(Sasami) Where have you two been?  You totally missed lunch.
(Chad) Sorry Sasami.  We were talking up on the roof and we missed lunch so
we went into town and got some food there.
(Ryoko) Yea, sorry.

They went upstairs to get ready for dinner.  Later, everybody came down and
ate dinner quietly.  After dinner, Chad ran up to his room to get his money
because he needed to get some things from the mall.

(Tenchi) Hey Chad, where are you going?
(Chad) Oh, I'm going to the mall.  I need some things.
(Tenchi) Ill come.  I wanna get a new CD anyway.
(Chad) OK.

Tenchi and Chad left while everybody stayed home.  At the mall, Tenchi
bought
his new CD.  Chad had bought a swimsuit, tanning lotion, sunscreen and some
sunglasses.  As they were about to leave, Chad remembered the necklace that
Ryoko liked so he went into the store and bought it.

(Tenchi) What's the necklace for?
(Chad) It's just a gift for someone.
(Tenchi) For who exactly?
(Chad) Well, I can't tell.  If I told you word might get out who it is for.
(Tenchi) Fine.

They walked home and walked into the house.  Everybody else was doing
something so they didn't notice that they came in.  Chad brought his tuff
upstairs and then came down to write in his diary on the porch.  After he
finished his entry, he went up to sleep.

(Chad) Goodnight everybody.
(Everybody) Goodnight.
(Ryoko while smiling) Goodnight Chad.
(Chad) Goodnight Ryoko.

Everybody was dumb-founded over what that was just about but they didn't
really care since it was so late.
