disclaimer - i dont own tenchi or anything about tenchi so dont sue me
pioneer or you either AIC

Chad walked back to the house where he was greeted by Tenchi.

(Tenchi) So, how did your date go?
(Chad) Huh? How did you know it was a date?
(Tenchi) Oh come on!  When you said you were gonna be out the whole day and
left really early.  I knew it was a date.  So how did it go?
(Chad) Well, nothing happened if that's what your thinking.
(Tenchi) Sure.  I believe you.
(Chad) Hardy har har. Hey, your going to a senior this year right?
(Tenchi) Yea why?
(Chad) Well, don't tell anyone else cause I want to keep it a secret.  I'm
staying and this September.  I attend school here.
(Tenchi) Cool.

They walk back into the house and Chad goes up to his room to put his stuff
away.  He enters and he just plops down on his bed and falls asleep.  He
wakes up at around 8 pm so he decides to down stairs and get himself some
food.  He walked downstairs to see nobody in the house.

(Chad) hmm.  I wonder where everybody went?

Chad made himself a sand which and went back up to his room.  On his way
there, he stopped by Ryoko's room.  He peeked in and saw Ryoko sound asleep.
HE decided to leave her alone and he went back to his room.  After he ate,
he
put on some music and went back to bed.  The next morning during breakfest,
Kashuhito asked Chad something.

(Kashuhito) Chad, isn't there something you would like to tell everybody?
(Chad) Oh.  Well, I have decided to stay here in Japan and live with all of
you.
(Everybody) Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The next moth went by quickly.  Everyday, Chad and Ryoko got a bit more
attached to each other.  They soon found out more about each other likes and
dislikes and other sort of things.  Chad also noticed that Ryoko flirted
with
Tenchi but he didn't think any of it.  IT was the night before Chad's first
day of school.

(Chad) God I'm so nervous.
(Tenchi) Don't be.  If you need any help then just look for me.
(Chad) okay.

The next morning arrives and it seems like an eternity for Chad.  They
finally got on the bus and were off to the new school year.

At Chad's class, everybody was talking with their old friends and seeing
what
they have been up to lately until the teacher walked in.

(Teacher) Class, this year we have a new student from America.  His name is
Chad. [Chad walks into the class and looks around]
(Teacher) Take that chair back there Chad. [Chad walked back to the chair
and
sat down.]  Today we will start to learn about American history.
(Chad thinking to himself) American History?  I'm gonna ace this part.

IT was lunch time so Chad sat down at a table by himself and began to eat.
The rest of the day was spent with Chad not speaking to anybody until he got
home.

(Tenchi) How was your first day of school?
(Chad) it was horrible.
(Tenchi) Don't worry.  It will get better.
Ryoko saw them coming so she quickly ran up to them.
(Ryoko hugging them both) How was the first day for my favorite
high-schoolers?
(Tenchi) IT was ok.
(Chad) That's more than I can say.
(Ryoko letting go of Tenchi and clutching to Chad) Why is that?
(Chad) Well, I didn't really fit in so I just kept quiet for the day.
(Ryoko) Don't worry it will get better soon.

They walked back to the house. The next couple of days were as same as the
others.  On Friday, the teacher had a special assignment for everybody.

(Teacher) Okay everybody.  Today why don't we make family trees of our
existing family.
[everybody didn't like the idea but they had to do it anyway.]  After you
are
done, you can hang it up on the wall for other people to see.

Since Chad was the only person left in his family.  He was done considerably
early.  He brought it to the front and hanged it up.

(Teacher) Chad, why did you only put yourself on the family tree?
(Chad) Well, that's my family.  I'm the only person left.  [Chad walked back
to his seat while everybody was puzzled]
(Teacher) Chad, may I see you after class?
(Chad) Okay.

After the day passed, Chad had to go up to the teacher.

(Teacher) Chad, I'm very disappointed in your classwork today.  Please go
back and finish a family tree of you existing family.  [Chad took it and
came
back less than a minute later]
(Chad) Done.
(Teacher) What about your parents?
(Chad) Like I said earlier.  I'm the only one left in my family.  Now im
gonna be late for the bus.  Bye.

Chad left and ran to the bus to just catch it.  Tenchi was staying
afterschool so Chad spent the ride alone.
Ryoko quickly ran up to him at the top of the steps.

(Ryoko almost tackling him)  How was your day today?
(Chad) Not that good.  The teacher held me after because I had to explain
that I'm the only person left in my family line.
(Ryoko) Cheer up!  IT will get better I promise.

The next morning it was Saturday so Chad decided to do something special.
HE
woke up and cooked breakfast for Ryoko.  When he was finished, he brought it
up to her room.  In his pocket was his Mom's wedding ring which he had
planned to give to Ryoko. He found her sleeping so he was gonna wake her.
HE
was going to do that until he heard her talk in her sleep.

(Ryoko) I love you Tenchi.

Chad heard this and his heart was shattered.  HE couldn't believe what he
just heard.  He had so many emotions going through him right now. He placed
the breakfast down on the table and sat down to write a note.  HE finished
the note and placed it near the breakfast.  He then ran to his room, got his
notebook and left.  It was hours later when Ryoko woke up and saw the note.
She picked it up and read it.

Dear Ryoko,
I heard what you said in you sleep.  I am not mad at you nor should I ever
be.  You are just doing what your heart told you to do.  I'm going for a
walk
to clear my head.  I will be back later.
                        From, Chad.

Upon reading this, Ryoko flew out of the house and all around the town.  She
couldn't see any trace of him.  She was about to give up when she saw his
notebook on the ground.  She flew over to it and picked it up.

(Ryoko crying) CHAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Ryoko quickly flew back to house.  She ran through the door and went
straight
to Washu's lab.

(Ryoko) We have a problem mom!!!
(Washu) What's the matter?
(Ryoko) Chad went for a walk hours ago and he still hasn't returned.  I
found
his notebook on the ground.  Can you find him?
(Washu) Since he is an earthling.  I cannot.  The only way to find him is by
looking.

By this time, the whole house knew what had happened and they all split up
in
order to find Chad.  It was after dark and nobody could find him.  This went
on for months.  Chad was never heard from again.  A year had passed and
everybody was almost back to normal.  Ryoko and Tenchi also got married.
Ryoko and Tenchi decided to go for a walk.  They left to try to clear their
minds.  They went out for an hour and their was very little talking between
the two.

As they were heading home, they noticed something moving in the bushes.
They
went over to the bushes and were shocked at what they were seeing.  Behind
the bushes was a young boy of around 16.  He had short, spiky bleach blond
hair.  He had numerous cuts on his body.  He looked like Chad but he only
had
some scars on his body that Chad didn't have.

Ryoko and Tenchi quickly picked up the boy and teleported back to the house.

(Ryoko) Washu! We need help quick!
(Washu) Bring him to my medical lab now.

Tenchi and Ryoko brought the boy to the lab and they left to let Washu work.

(Tenchi) I hope whoever that is will survive.
(Ryoko) I hope so too.  It's a good thing we found him or he might have not
made it.

Washu came out a hour later.

(Sasami) How is he?
(Washu) I cant say good.  He is unconscious and his body is in a critical
state.  All we can do is wait.
(Ayeka) Miss Washu.  Are you saying that there is absolutely nothing we can
do?
(Washu) Correct.
(Kiyone) Well, does he at least have any ID?
(Washu) No.  he had no forms of ID and his finger prints were burned off.

All of them went into the kitchen so they could eat.  Nobody was in the mood
to eat but they did.

(Washu) I was checking over the boy's DNA records and it seems he has no
family.
(Tenchi) What does that mean?
(Washu) Well, if you can remember.  Chad came to live with us because he had
no family.  And this boy looks remarkably like Chad.
(Ayeka) So you're saying that this boy might be Chad?
(Washu) Well its not 100% but it is a possibility.  Tenchi?
(Tenchi) Yes?
(Washu) I was wondering if after dinner you could fetch me Chad's old Kendo
stick.
(Tenchi) Sure.
After dinner, Tenchi went to the shrine and he got the kendo stick.  HE
brought it back and gave it to
Washu.
(Washu) Thank you.

She went into her lab and came out after two hours.

(Ryoko) So, what's the conclusion?
(Washu) I'm happy to report that there is a 50% chance that this boy is
Chad.
[nobody knew how to react so they all sat quiet.]

The next morning was a quiet one.  The whole day people went into the lab to
see Chad laying on the bed.  All of them prayed that whatever happened to
him
would be revenged.

Another week had passed by and Chad's condition had improved slightly.  The
next morning Chad had finally become conscious.  He opened his eyes to see
Kiyone looking after him.

(Kiyone) Oh My God!!! You're awake. [Kiyone quickly grabbed Chad and hugged
him]
(Chad) OWWWWWW!!!!!!!!! That hurts. [the pain was from all the cuts and
bruises]  Where am I?
Who are you and better yet, who am I?
(Kiyone) You mean you don't know who I am?
(Chad) No not really.
(Kiyone) Hi.  Well my name is Kiyone.
(Chad) Hi.  My name is uh…what's my name?
(Kiyone) Your name is Chad.
(Chad) Okay.  Where am I?
(Kiyone) You're in a medical center.  You were found on the side of the
steps
and was rescued.
(Chad) Are you the only one here?
(Kiyone)Yes.  Everybody else went out.  Do you need anything?
(Chad) Well, do you have any food?
(Kiyone) Yea here.  [she broke off a piece of her sand which and gave it to
Chad which he ate quickly]
Let me recover your cuts.
(Chad) Okay. [Kiyone recovered his cuts]

They walk into the living room to rest.  It would be about 10 minutes before
they rest og the gang returned so Kiyone tried to talk to Chad and help him
remember his past.  The gang came home and they were about to go in the
house
when Kiyone walked out and stopped them.

(Mihoshi) Oh hi Kiyone.  What's up?
(Kiyone) Chad awoke. [everybody was going to run into the house when they
were stopped.]  Wait!  That not the whole story.  He has amnesia.
(Washu) Well then, we have to take it easy.
(Everybody) agreed.

They all walked into the house to see Chad sitting on the couch.

(Chad) Hello!
(everybody else) HI!
(Ryoko) Hi Chad.
(Ayeka) Yes.  Hello Chad.
(Chad) Nice to meet all of you.
[Ryoko sat down next to Chad.  She was looking into his eyes and saw
something horrible.  In his eyes, she didn't see the soft gentle kind that
they used to be but they were filled with much anger and suffering.]
(Washu) Chad, you should go rest.  Your bedroom  is upstairs at the end of
the hall.
(Chad) Thank you.  Goodnight everybody.  [Chad left and went to his room]
(Sasami) Are you okay Ryoko?
(Ryoko) I saw something in his eyes.  I saw suffering and anger.
(Tenchi) Well, we don't know what he had done in the past year.  He could
have seen the worse.  Lets just rest now.  When he will be able to remember,
only then we will be able to find out what happened.
The whole house went to bed.  The next morning, Chad had awakened to see
Kiyone and Mihoshi looking over him.

(Mihoshi and Kiyone) Good morning!
(Chad) Uhh, good morning to you too.  Were you watching me sleep?
(Kiyone) It was our turn to look over you and make sure nothing bad happens
to you.
(Chad) Why would anybody want something bad to happen to me?
(Mihoshi) I dunno.  Lets go get breakfast okay?
(Chad) Okay I guess. [the three of them walk downstairs to be greeted by
everyone else]
(Ayeka and Sasami) Good morning Chad!
(Ryoko) Morning.
(Washu) Hi kiddo.
(Chad) Uh hi everybody.

Everybody proceeded to eat breakfast and be very cheerful.  After the meal,
Chad started to clean up.

(Sasami) Don't worry about the dishes Chad.  Ill clean them.
(Chad) No.  You people saved my life and took care of me.  Let me do them.
(Washu chuckling) After amnesia and he is still a perfect gentleman.
[everyone gave their little laugh]  Tell me Chad.  Is there anything you can
remember?
(Chad) The only thing I can remember is much death and pain done to me.
(Ryoko) What kind of pain?
(Chad) Well, I know two kinds of pain.  The one where is was beaten up and I
have this other pain of someone stepping on my heart. [Ryoko knew what he
meant so she immediately left]
(Chad) What is wrong with her?
(Tenchi) I dunno.
(Washu) Chad, will you follow me please?
(Chad) Okay. [Washu leads him to her lab.]

(Washu) Sit up here so I can run some tests on you.
(Chad) Okay. [he sat on the table.  Washu drew some blood and analyzed it.]
(Washu) Well you are Chad but I detect another type of DNA.  Tell me Chad,
when you were away, did anybody inject something into you?
(Chad) Well, I think I remember these three men.  It was a dark room and
they
injected some red stuff in me.
(Washu) Okay.  You may leave if you want.
(Chad) Bye. [Chad left while Washu was still at the computer.
(Washu) Well, it seems are friend has gotten some new abilities.

(Kiyone smiling at Chad) Sit here Chad.  I saved you a seat.
(Chad) Thanks.  [he sat down and watched TV]

Back in the lab…

(Washu) Whoever did this to Chad will pay!!!
