The Knife Inside of Me: Part 2: I Know, Tenchi
By The Unknown DJ

        "The end comes a little nearer and the knife is drawn. But whose
heart
shall it pierce? Also, who will find out the truth? Tread softly, my
friend."

        The Unknown DJ, turntable swami

        It was a couple days after Tenchi had sat on the rocks with his
father, and at the moment his mind was completely at ease. He had
started weeding the garden early in the morning and now, he had made
his way up to polishing the tombstones.
        Whenever he polished the gravestones, he would always stop at his
mother's for about five minutes and think about her. After he polished
her stone, he would say a small prayer and then move on. She had
sacrificed so much for him and he hadn't done anything.
        Washu had spent many hours explaining that by going after her in the
battle against Kain, he had saved her life. But only for about five
more years. I should have been able to defeat Kain on his own with the
light hawk sword, he thought to himself. Then, she could have been
here. Yes, I could have saved her.
        As Tenchi scrubbed the tombstone, he heard the noise of footsteps
coming from the distance. It was going to be one of the girls. Nobuyuki
was already hard at work and Yosho never disturbed Tenchi when he
worked. As his visitor approached, Tenchi stopped scrubbing and turned
to meet her.
        "Hiya, Tenchi!" replied the greatest scientific min in the universe.
        "Good morning, Washu," said Tenchi. Even though she was one of the
girls, he pretty surprised to see her. Washu rarely ever seemed to
travel far from her lab during the daytime. She was always inventing
something or fixing it. "So, what can I do for you, Washu?"
        "Oh, nothing Tenchi. Actually, I came here to discuss your needs."
Oh
no, thought Tenchi to himself. She knew! Had his father told her? No,
he promised! But still, could he have? "Tenchi, I do know. No one, told
me, but I know."
        "How? If you weren't informed, how did you find out?" Washu reached
into her pocket and pulled out a small slip of paper. She then handed
it to Tenchi and said, "I think this will answer your question."

Matches for Tenchi Masaki, (in percentages)

15% = Kiyone

33% = Sasami

45% = Mihoshi

68.5% = Washu

93.7% = Ryoko

95.9% = Aeka

        "Gee, well how can you be so sure? After all, Aeka is more then two
percent ahead Ryoko." Washu smiled and shook her head. Obviously, he
didn't remember whom he was dealing with. "Tenchi, just because I live
in the body of a teenager, doesn't mean that I haven't been alive for a
long period of time. In fact, the test was just a confirmation. Tenchi,
I could tell by how you interact with her."
        "Wh, What are you getting at?"
        "Tenchi, you spend long periods of time just staring at her, like
you
two are alone, or something. I think, she might even know herself."
        "Well, you had better not tell anyone else." Now, Tenchi had a
serious
problem. How could he make sure that Washu wouldn't tell anyone? This
task of making sure that his love was secret, would be a very big
challenge. "Ah, trust me. I'm sure your secret will be safe."
        "Okay," answered Tenchi, in disbelief. Tenchi, figuring that his
chores were done, got up and decided to head for the house. He stuffed
the informative paper in his pocket and headed down the steps. Washu
followed him, knowing it would be time for dinner soon anyway.
        As they entered the home through the front door, The paper flew out
of
Tenchi's pocket. It landed unnoticed on the floor, where a certain girl
would find it on the floor.

        Aeka sat in the ladies bath, enjoying the calm surrounding that had
been so different from the rest of the day. She had spent a lot of the
day cleaning the house, making it spotless. Then, Ryoko, the demoness,
and Washu had decided to skip out on the others, leaving Mayuka to be
watched by Aeka, since Sasami couldn't handle the job herself. Plus,
Kiyone as usual had to watch Mihoshi, making sure the blonde woman
didn't accidentally destroy everything in her path. After Aeka had put
Mayuka down to sleep for the rest of the day, Sasami had asked her for
some help in the kitchen and Aeka had accepted.
        Sasami had asked for Aeka to make some noodles, a simple task. She
had
put on the water in the pot and set it on the burner, not noticing she
had foolishly got her kimono stuck under the pot. Then, Aeka had poured
the noodles into the boiling pot, when she noticed that she had forgot
to get the seasonings. She turned to get them, when the pot full of
water and noodles had come crashing down on and spilled on her left
leg. She yelled and fell to the ground, in her newly soaked kimono and
deeply scalded leg.
        Sasami had quickly grabbed an ice pack from the fridge and hurried
over to her downed sister. Eventually, Sasami had helped Aeka limp to
the bath and then she had hurried back to clean the mess up. Aeka had
been sitting in the bath since then.
        Oh, thank god Tenchi didn't see me make a complete idiot of myself.
She knew that she would never have forgiven herself for such a stupid
stunt in front of him. He would hear about the accident when he noticed
her limping on a crutch, but it wouldn't be as embarrassing. Plus, he
might spend some time with her, making sure that she was okay. This
brought a BIG smile to Aeka's face. Knowing how polite Tenchi was, she
was almost totally sure he would spend a lot of time helping her heal.
       "Aeka?" asked a familiar voice. Aeka slowly turned and saw
Kiyone standing in the doorway. Next to Kiyone was some sort of machine
that looked like a floating chair.      "Hello, Kiyone. What is that thing
floating next to you?"
       "Oh, it is a kind of wheel chair that Washu got out of her lab.
You can sit in it and it will move you places."
       "How thoughtful of her. Kiyone could you help me out of the bath
and into my clothes?" asked Aeka. Kiyone nodded and walked over to the
bath. She helped Aeka slip on her fresh and dry kimono and then she
helped Aeka up into her "wheel chair." Aeka smiled, knowing Tenchi
would spend time with her, especially now that she sported this new
type of aid.

        Everyone sat at the table waiting to eat as Aeka slowly hovered
in on her "wheel chair." She found a place to sit and then sat,
patiently waiting to eat. "Bon Appetite!" yelled everyone.
        As everyone began to eat, Tenchi looked over at Aeka and broke the
silence. "Miss Aeka, are you ok?"
        "Yes, Lord Tenchi, I am fine. I just had a little accident today,
that's all." As Tenchi looked at her with his sympathetic face, Ryoko
chuckled to herself. Immediately, Aeka turned to Ryoko, with her rage
building. "What is it that you find so funny, Miss Ryoko?"
        "Yeah, some accident. I heard that your kimono got stuck under the
pot
of noodles and pulled it onto your leg!"
        "Oh yeah, well who told you!" yelled the now enraged princess.
        "Your own sister!" yelled Ryoko.
        "Ryoko, you leave Sasami out of this! You just want to look good in
front of Lord Tenchi!"
        "Yeah, and so what if I do? Besides, you're the one who is pulling
the
whole cripple stunt!"
        "What stunt? I hurt my leg!"
        "Yes, the little innocent princess has hurt her leg! Ha, I bet you
set
it up just so you could get Tenchi to feel sorry for you!" retorted
Ryoko.
        "Will you two stop!" Immediately Aeka and Ryoko turned to the
outspoken voice of Washu. The red haired genius shook her head and then
stood up. "I am so tired of listening to you two fight all of the time.
Tenchi doesn't love either of you!" exclaimed Washu. Everyone paused,
including Tenchi. "Uh, Washu, what are you doing?" asked Tenchi. Now
his fate and dignity rested in the hands of the scientific genius.
"That's right! He doesn't love either of you! He loves…" began Washu.
        "Who? TELL US!" yelled Ryoko. The pirate had gone from stunned to
pissed. She would consider that Washu was bluffing, but it was too hard
to tell. "Well?" asked Aeka, "Are you going to tell us or not?" Washu
looked over at Tenchi. His eyes met hers and she knew that if she told
the truth, he was doomed. Thinking for half a second, she got a
solution. "Tenchi loves Kiyone!"ENDZ

        "Ha! You never guessed it, but the plot twists some more. The knife
was spinning and then it pierced some hearts. You may ask what the
knife is, but I can't tell you. Not yet. E-mail anything about this
story or my other works to, theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com. You won't
regret it."

        The Unknown DJ, turntable seer