
(Spotlight comes on illuminating Kiyone standing in front of a red curtain.)
AUTHOR:  (From offstage with megaphone.)  Okay, Detective.  Just read the cards.
KIYONE:  (Nods and clears throat.)  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and 
Pioneer LDC.  The author owns only the writing.
AUTHOR:  Thanks, Kiyone.
KIYONE:  No problem.
AUTHOR:  See the Stage Manager for your paycheck.
KIYONE:  (Nods.)  Sure, thanks.
AUTHOR:  No problem.  I know you need the money.
KIYONE:  (Pauses)  What's that supposed to mean?
AUTHOR:  Huh?  Oh, nothing.  Nothing at all.  I just know that you need the 
money.  Mihoshi told me how much you needed this job...
KIYONE:  WHAT?!
AUTHOR:  (Nods)  Is it true you can't even afford to eat more than once a day?
KIYONE:  (Growls)  Mihoshi!  I'm...gonna...KILL YOU!
AUTHOR:  Tell you what, there's some donuts in the break room.  You can take 'em 
if you want.
KIYONE:  (Glares at Author.)  Thanks, but I don't *need* them.
AUTHOR:  (Shrugs.)  Suit yourself.  Just thought I'd help.  (Author blinks.)  
Um...Kiyone, what are you doing with that metal pipe?  Kiyone?  Um...okay....no 
need to be offended here......AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!





The Bonds of Sisterhood  Part 7
Methods of Coping


	Ryoko regarded herself in the mirror for a moment as the steam rising from 
the sink slowly obscured her image.  That's the way it had been.  Slowly but 
surely, Ryoko had been obscured in Tenchi's mind by the Empress.  She had lost.  
It was over.  Tenchi was gone, with her.
	She looked down at the razor blade she held in her hand and took another 
breath.  This was what she had to do.  Tenchi was gone.  Her reason for living 
was gone.  Life without Tenchi would be empty.
	A waste.
	She brought the razor up.  Her brow furrowed.  She wasn't even sure this 
would work.  Injuries on her healed far more rapidly than on a normal human 
being.  Would she be able to bleed to death before the wounds healed?  Perhaps 
not on the wrists.  She took a deep breath and bit her lip.  If wrists didn't 
work, she'd simply have to cut her throat.  That would do it.
	But she wasn't going to try *that* unless she had to.
	She sighed.  "Good bye, Tenchi," she whispered and placed the edge of the 
razor on her wrist.  Intent on her task, she didn't hear the door open, or the 
footsteps rapidly approach her.  When she did hear, she turned her head just in 
time to see PM Washu's hand whip around and slap her.  Ryoko was so  stunned, 
she dropped the razor.  Ryoko's hand went to her face, her left cheek was 
turning a bright crimson.
	PM Washu's eyes flashed with anger.  "What the *HELL* do you think you're 
doing?!"
	Ryoko wasn't up for a fight.  "Go away, Washu," she begged pathetically.  
"Leave me alone."
	"'Leave me alone?'"  Washu repeated.  "You're trying to kill yourself!  
The last thing anyone should do is leave you alone!"
	"You and your daughter won, Washu.  Let me go."
	PM Washu's eyes went wide.  "'Won?'"  she repeated aghast.  "We, 'won?'"  
She shook her head.  "Is that what you think?"
	Ryoko was silent.  Then, "I love him."  Tears began to well up in her 
eyes.  "I love him, and I'm never going to be with him.  What's the point in 
going on?  Huh?  I was created to kill.  I was designed as a weapon.  Sasami's 
safe.  Tenchi's happy.  Let me end my life on a high note, huh?  With some 
semblance of dignity."
	PM Washu stared at her for a moment, then nodded.  "Okay, Ryoko."
	Ryoko blinked.  "Huh?"
	PM Washu nodded again and picked up the razor.  She held it out to her.  
"Go ahead."  Ryoko paused, suspecting some sort of trap, although she couldn't 
imagine what it could be.  "Take it," Washu told her.  Ryoko reached out and 
took the razor.  She placed it on her wrist.  
	Washu wasn't finished, however.  
	"I'll be sure to tell Tenchi all about it," she commented.  "I'm sure 
it'll *comfort* him to know that you died with some dignity."  Ryoko paused.  
"After all, Tenchi's a very understanding person.  I bet he'll even be *happy* 
for you.  You know what,"  Washu said, turning her back to her niece, "I know of 
this great Terran tradition.  It's called an Irish wake.  It's where a person's 
death is celebrated with a big party.  I think Tenchi would go for something 
like that, don't you?"
	Ryoko closed her eyes and said nothing.
	"And then there's Sasami,"  Washu went on.  "Sure she's just a little 
girl, but I'm sure, given time, she'll understand why the woman she thought of 
as her best friend decided to cut her own wrists and bleed to death on the 
bathroom floor.  Oh, sure, she'll blame Tenchi and hate him for a few decades, 
but eventually, she'll get over it."
	"Of course, Tenchi would approve.  After all, I've been in your mind.  I 
know about your past with him.  I mean, surely he saved your life *twice* 
because it wasn't worth anything.  I'm sure he'll be happy to hear that he put 
his own life on the line so you could die with *dignity*."  Washu nodded.   "I 
think he would approve." 
	Ryoko's hand was shaking.  "No," she whispered, "He wouldn't."
	Washu looked to her quizzically.  "Wouldn't he?  Hmm."  Ryoko didn't move.  
Washu's voice softened.  "You know, Ryoko, this isn't the first time I've had to 
stand vigil over someone I love.  When it looked like my daughter was never 
going to see Tenchi again, she cried for three straight days.  I was *certain* 
she would try to kill herself.  I've never been so frightened for her in all my 
life."  She placed her hand on Ryoko's and looked into her eyes.  "But in the 
end, she learned to accept it and move on.  *You*  must do the same.  Whether 
you believe it or not right now, Ryoko, your life is *worth* something.  It has 
value.  It has value to Tenchi, even if it isn't in the way you want so 
desperately.  It has value to Sasami.  It has value to me."
	Ryoko broke.  
	She dropped the razor and collapsed on the floor, weeping uncontrollably.  
She buried her head in her hands cried, letting the tears flow down her face 
uninterrupted.  Washu crouched next to her and embraced her.
	"Shhhh,"  Washu soothed her.  "It's okay.  It's gonna be okay."
	Washu felt Ryoko's mind desperately reach out and link with her own.  She 
heard Ryoko's voice in her mind, felt her grief.
	<Mommy,>  Ryoko's mind wept.
	PM Washu held her tighter, a single tear flowed down her own cheek.  "It's 
okay," she whispered.  "Mommy's here."

	Rikari grabbed the young Lance Corporal by the front of his uniform and 
pulled him until she was face to face with him.
	"What do you mean, you lost her?"  she ground out between clenched teeth.
	Lance Corporal Haz Gret'an began to stammer again.  "Sh...she asked if she 
could t..take a walk, and I didn't think it wo..would be a problem...so...so...I 
took her outside.  I...I...I  turned my back for a second...and when I 
turned...b..back, she was being pushed into a GP hovercar."
	Standing nearby, Corporal Ren Tenza shook his head.  "Fuck me," he 
whispered.
	Corporal Nol'al nodded.  "We have to report this to Stolykios."
	Rikari's head shot around.  "Fuck that!"
	"Rikari!"
	"What do we tell him, Nol'al?!  That Gret'an *misplaced* Ms. Mihoshi!"  A 
guest of Her Majesty?!"  She shook her head.  "That'll go over *real* well."
	Tenza nodded.  "Yeah, I think they still shoot you for that in this man's 
Corp,"  he said, not quite joking.
	Gret'an's eyes went wide.
	Nol'al looked at them in disbelief.  "So what are we supposed to do?!"
	"This is *our* fuck up, we'll fix it!"  Rikari told. him.
	Tenza raised his hand.  "Um....excuse me?  '*Our* fuck up?'"
	She shot him a look.  "We hang together or we hang separately."
	Tenza bit his lip and nodded.
	"So what do we do?"  Gret'an asked.
	Rikari's eyes narrowed.  "We go in and get her."  She turned to Nol'al.  
"Wek, I remember you bragging once that you had a girlfriend in Intel,"
	"That's right."
	"Call her.  Find out where the GP's keeping their safe house in the 
Capital.  We have to get her back before they move her off-planet.  Tenza, you 
and Gret'an are on weapons detail.  We're gonna need carbines, EMP grenades, 
Blink gas, and flash bangs.  Better get some rope and pitons while you're at 
it."
	"What are you gonna do, Rikari?"  Tenza asked.  
	"I'm gonna be covering your ass with Stolykios."  She stood up.  "Okay, 
Marines, let's move like we got a purpose!"
	The three men rushed to accomplish their tasks.

	Mihoshi was shoved into the hover car by two men in trench coats.  She 
felt a glimmer of fear, fear which vanished in typical Mihoshi fashion when she 
heard a familiar voice say,
	"I've been waiting for this a *long* time, Mihoshi."
	Mihoshi blinked.  Facing her from the passenger seat, Grand Marshal Kiyone 
smiled.
	"KIYONE!!"  Mihoshi leapt forward and embraced the GP Marshal.
	The men on either side of her panicked.  "FOR THE LOVE OF TSUNAMI!  GET 
HER OFF THE MARSHAL!!"
	The two pulled Mihoshi off Kiyone, who was gasping for breath.  "Cuff 
her!"  she choked out between gasps.
	Mihoshi didn't even notice.  She was too busy babbling incoherently.  "Oh, 
Kiyone!  I missed you so much!  You wouldn't believe what's happened to me!  I 
crashed on this little planet in the protected zone while looking for...."
	Kiyone blinked as Mihoshi babbled for a full ten minutes.  At no time did 
she stop for breath.  Finally, Kiyone nodded to one of the other detectives, who 
stuck Mihoshi with a hypo gun.
	Mihoshi babbled for one more minute before losing consciousness.

	Tsunami walked down the corridor towards the Soja's sickbay.  Suddenly, 
she paused and blinked.  Why was she doing this again?  That's right, her 
shoulder was giving her trouble.  She started walking again, but only made it a 
few paces before she stopped again.  Her shoulder wasn't *that* bad, and he told 
her only to come back if she experienced more than discomfort.  
	<Why can't you just admit that what Sasami said intrigues you?>  a voice 
in her mind asked her.  Tsunami's cheeks flushed.  Her hand went to her face.  
"Why does it keep doing that?"  she asked out loud in an irritated tone.  She 
continued on.
	She entered the sickbay and smiled when she saw her target already 
approaching.  She blinked in surprise.  He wasn't wearing the white cape or lab 
coat he usually wore, but a plastic suit and yellow cap.
	"Good morning, Doct.."
	He pushed past her.  "Not now, Ms. Tsunami,"
	She blinked at the brusqueness of it, then she heard someone from down the 
corridor.
	"Here they come!"
	Three men pushing a gurney came barrelling down the hall.  Dr. Julian Bond 
met them halfway and began examining the man on the gurney with a hand held 
scanner.
	"Report!"
	One of the men pushing the gurney took a breath and began.  "Lt. Tsatana 
Vassel, Rendallite.  His fighter got too close to one of the Jurain escort 
fighters and they clipped.  He managed to bring it in, but landed hard.  Smashed 
his Jaguar Three all over the damn flight deck!  His pulse is weak and thready, 
and his BP's down.  The ECG on his primary heart is weak, and we're not getting 
anything from his secondary!"
	Bond ran the scanner up and down the man's body.  "Internal bleeding, two 
ruptured spleens..."
	Tsunami watched as they wheeled the man into one of the emergency rooms.  
Without really knowing why, she followed and watched through the observation 
window.  She looked below the window and saw a red button marked audio.  
Reaching out with her hand, she pressed it.  Bond's voice came over the speaker.
	"Get this damn flight suit off!"  Bond ordered.
	One of the nurses used a laser cutter to slice the flight suit off the 
pilot on the gurney.  Bond looked down at the bloody mess.  "Sweet Jesus," he 
whispered.  He could barely see the pilot's six nipples through the blood.  He 
got to work.  "Tissue regenerator!"
	One of the nurses handed him the appropriate intstrument while another 
began giving orders of her own.  "Blood type?"
	An orderly pulled the pilot's dog tags off.  "Blue!"  he answered.
	"Let's get some type blue down here!"  Bond ordered.
	One of the scanners began to beep persistantly.
	"He's going down!"  one of the nurses called out.
	"Fuck!"  Bond placed his hands on the man's chest and turned to the chief 
nurse.  "You take the secondary!"  The nurse nodded and placed her hands on  the 
pilot's chest just below Bond's.  Bond began to press on the pilot's chest.
	"One!"
	"Two!"  The nurse called a second later, pressing on her section of the 
pilot.
	"One!"
	"Two!"
	"One!"
	"Two!"
	"No response!"
	"Rib spreader!"  Bond called.  
	"Epi?!"  one of nurses asked.  
	Bond shook his head.  "He's a Rendallite, it won't work!"  He took the rib 
spreader and began to cut into the man's chest.  "Warm up the heart paddles!"
	Tsunami watched as they opened the man's chest.  Blood splattered against 
Bond's chest.  The scanner's beeping became a steady ping.
	"Shock him!"
	The nurse applied two spatula shaped paddles directly to the man's exposed 
heart.
	"Clear!"  Tsunami flinched as the pilot's body convulsed on the table then 
fell motionless.
	"Again!"
	"Clear!"
	The pilot's body convulsed again, then fell motionless.  The ping 
continued.
	The nurse looked to Bond.  He took a breath and said, "Okay, I'm calling 
it."  He checked the clock.  "Time of death, sixteen-thirty two, ship's time."  
He pulled off his gloves.
	Tsunami's breathing became ragged.  Her stomach lurched.  She clapped her 
hands over her mouth and ran for the washroom.  Bond saw her run and sighed.

	Tsunami vomitted into the sink again.
	<What the hell is wrong with me?>  The body Washu had given her must be 
malfunctioning.  That was the only explanation.  Perhaps the Prime Minister 
could help her.  She reached for a towel and wiped her mouth.
	"Here," Bond said from behind her, holding out a flask to her.  "Drink 
this, it'll calm the nerves."
	Tsunami took the flask.  "What is it?" she asked as she raised it to her 
lips and took a sip.
	"Scotch whiskey."
	She spit the vile liquid up and began coughing uncontrollably.  She shook 
her head.  "What's wrong with me?"  she whispered.  The last thing she needed 
was for her temporary body to fall apart on her while she was trapped in this 
dimension, away from her tree form.
	Bond shook his head.  "Absolutely nothing.  It's a perfectly normal 
reaction."
	She looked at him.  "What?  What are you talking about?  I've seen people 
die before. I've never reacted like this!"
	He shrugged.  "So?"  She looked at him in shock.  "Ms. Tsunami, have you 
ever seen a man die like *that* before?"  She had to shake her head.  Bond 
sighed.  He had removed the plastic suit, and stood there in his uniform shirt 
without the cape.  "Ms. Tsunami, I graduated first in my class at med school.  I 
could finesse my way through a Toyzarian brain and not feel the least bit 
squeamish.  I did three rotations at an ER in the Capital.  When I was drafted 
into the service, I figured it wouldn't be any different."  He took the flask 
back from her and took a drink.
	"Should you be drinking?" she asked.
	"I'm off duty," he told her.  "Anyway, I figured it wouldn't be any 
different."  He took a deep breath before continuing.  "And then, I was assigned 
to the Penzata Perimeter."  The name meant nothing to Tsunami and he realized 
it.  "Penzata was a contested world for three decades.  Neither side wanted to 
give it up, and neither side was willing to hold anything back in getting it."  
He shook his head slowly as he remembered.  "Bodies were stacked up like cord 
wood.  Christ, I never thought men could bleed so much.  I never threw up more 
in my entire life.  Me, the man with the iron stomach.  A man trained to be 
detached, impartial."  He took another sip.  "Every once in awhile, I still get 
ill."  He looked down at her.  "I don't know what you've seen, or what you think 
you've seen, but it doesn't mean anything in there.  And one of the things I've 
learned long ago is that no one can think less of you for being human."  He held 
out the flask to her.
	She took it without thinking.  
	<Being human?>  She blinked.  
	"Now, then, Ms. Tsunami, what can I do for you?"

	Grand Marshal Kiyone of the Galaxy Police sat at her desk and shook her 
head.  She scratched the right side of her face.  It had been burned away during 
the ambush that had destroyed the Tsunami at the end of the war.  The doctors 
had managed to replace the skin with synthflesh, but it didn't tan like real 
skin.  As a result, the right side of her face was a lighter shade than the 
left.  It also had a tendency to itch.  "It *isn't* her."
	Vice Marshal Mitsuki nodded, but not in agreement.  "The genetic scan says 
otherwise.  It's her."
	"It can't be."  Kiyone hit a red button on her desk that enabled the audio 
feed to Mihoshi's cell.
	"Oh, KIYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNEEEEEEEEEEEE!  Where are you?!"
	Kiyone pointed at the speaker. "That's not Mihoshi."
	"The genetic scan was conclusive.  It's her."
	"It can't be...unless..."
	"Unless what?"
	Kiyone bit her lip in thought.  "Death of Soul?" she whispered.  She saw 
the puzzled look on Mitsuki's face.  "It's a method of execution Emperor Yosho 
was fond of.  Prisoners would sometimes be electronically lobotomized.  The old 
personality would be destroyed, and a new one, one more pliable, would take its 
place.  But I've never heard of either Emperor Tenchi or Empress Ryoko using it 
before."
	"Sounds like a bullshit job to me,"  Mitsuki stated flatly.
	Kiyone gave it a second's thought before ordering, "Conduct a brain scan.  
I want to know if that woman *thinks* like Mihoshi."

	The GP psychologist entered Kiyone's office, sat down in a chair across 
from her desk and stated conclusively for the record, "She's an airhead."
	Mitsuki's shoulders slumped.
	"Are you sure?"  Kiyone asked.
	"Positive.  Take a look."  He produced two separate printouts.  This is a 
copy of a brainscan from Commodore Mihoshi that Intelligence managed to get 
during the War."  Kiyone took it and examined it.  "This is a copy of the 
brainscan I took of the young lady in the holding cell."
	Kiyone took the other printout and compared the two.  She had to admit to 
seeing more differences than similarities.
	"You see that the A pattern is close, but that's due more to genetic 
memory.  The B and C patterns are all over the place.  Couple that with her 
behavior..."
	"How did she behave?"  Mitsuki asked.
	"Calm, courteous, and polite."
	"Definitely *not* Mihoshi,"  Kiyone commented as she studied the graphs.
	"Agreed,"  the psychologist told her.  "If it weren't for the genetic 
scan, I would swear on a stack of Tsunamic Scriptures that that was a completely 
different human being in that holding cell."
	"Death of Soul?"  Kiyone asked him.
	"She certainly *acts* as if she's been lobotomized,"  he confirmed.
	"You're one hundred percent sure that that's not Mihoshi,"
	He nodded.  "One hundred percent.  No-bloody-way."
	Kiyone sat back in her chair and took a breath.  The other two GP officers 
let her think for several minutes.  Finally, she spoke again.
	"Kick her," she ordered.
	Mitsuki's eyes went wide in shock.  "Kiyone!  You can't be serious!"
	"Death of Soul, Mitsuki.  She has the right to a second chance.  It's 
against Galaxy law to indict her on crimes committed by her former personality.  
It looks like the Empire cleaned its own house, after all."
	"Fuck Galaxy Law!"  Mitsuki shouted.  "That's Commodore Mihoshi 
'Deathsend' Kirumitsu in that holding cell!  What about justice!?"
	Kiyone sighed.  "Mihoshi's dead.  Justice has been served."
	"Bullshit!"
	Kiyone looked up at her.  "I don't like it anymore than you do, Mitsuki."
	Mitsuki leaned on Kiyone's desk and glared at the Marshal.  "Kiyone, we've 
been friends for a long time.  In that time you have never known me to make a 
stand based on my gut, but I'm telling you, every fiber in my being tells me 
this is a mistake!  If we let her loose, she'll go back to the palace and laugh 
her ass off at being able to fool the Grand Marshal of the GP."
	Kiyone didn't flinch under Mistuki's gaze.  Instead, she hit the button 
cutting in the audio to Mihoshi's cell.
	"Sixty three bottles of ale on the wall!  Sixty three bottles of ale!  If 
one of those bottles should happen to fall!  Sixty two bottles of ale on the 
walllll!"
	"Kick her."
	Mitsuki slammed her fist on the desk.  "Fuck!"
	
	Rikari slammed a power magazine into her plasma carbine and worked the 
action, connecting the power pack to the weapon, arming it.  The other three 
Marines stood across from her.  They had assembled near the west entrance of the 
palace where the traffic in and out of the Imperial residence was light.  They 
all carried carbines, and Rikari and Tenza had rope and climbing gear hanging 
over their shoulders.  Aside from the weapons, they wore nothing that would 
incriminate the Imperial House in case they were killed or captured.  The 
tactical armor they wore was borrowed from Intel's Special Section, and could 
never be mistaken for standard Imperial tac armor.
	"One,"  Rikari counted.
	Nol'al slapped a power pack into his carbine and answered her.  "Gret'an 
and I enter through the front and cause a distraction, keeping internal security 
busy."
	"Two,"
	Tenza spoke up.  "Rikari and I rappel through the window from the roof and 
enter the sixth floor.  We proceed down the hall, making two lefts then a right.  
Cell bloc C."
	"Three,"
	Gret'an licked his lips nervously and spoke up.  "Nol'al and I retreat to 
the fall back position and ditch our equipment."
	Rikari nodded.  "Four, Tenza and I bust Ms. Mihoshi out of the cell bloc 
and fight our way to the roof."  She turned to Nol'al.  "You're *sure* your 
friend will be there?"
	The blonde Marine nodded.  "He'll be monitoring the tac channel.  When 
you're ready he'll bring the drop ship around and touch down on the roof to evac 
you guys the hell out of there."
	"All right."  Rikari pumped the grenade launcher on her carbine, 
chambering an EMP grenade.  "Okay, Gropos, let's rock and ruin!"
	"HOO-RAH!"  They grunted in unison.
	At that moment, Mihoshi came skipping up the path, humming a jaunty tune.  
Gret'an's eyes went wide, his mouth fell open.
	"Ms. Mihoshi?"  Rikari asked, blinking in shock.
	Mihoshi smiled and waved at them.  "Hi!  I've had such a wonderful day!  I 
got to see my old friend Kiyone and participated in an official Galaxy Police 
survey!"
	Their eyes were all the size of dinner plates by now.
	Mihoshi didn't seem to notice.  "Well, I'm starved!  I hope dinner's 
ready!"  With that, she skipped into the palace, leaving four very confused 
Imperial Marines staring after her.
	"Um....Rikari?"  Tenza asked, blinking in shock.
	"Mission's scrubbed!"  she declared.
	They put on the safeties to their rifles and began to file back into the 
palace.
	"Tsunami's cleft, I need a drink,"  Tenza muttered.
	"I hear that,"  Nol'al agreed.
	"Anyone got duty tonight?"  Rikari asked.
	They all shook their heads.
	"Then I say we all get boldly trashed and forget this whole mess ever 
occurred."
	"Yes, Ma'am!"  they all said in unison.

	Tenchi lay in bed and sighed contentedly, hugging E. Ryoko closer to him.  
The two had spent the entire day together.  E. Ryoko had surprised him with 
breakfast in bed.  "A traditional Terran breakfast," she had announced, and 
served him eggs benedict.  Tenchi didn't have the heart to tell her that while 
it *was* a Terran breakfast, it wasn't one Japanese preferred.  He had smiled 
and eaten.  Her heart was in the right place.	
	The champagne threw him a little, but had to agree that a celebration was 
necessary.  They had finished the bottle and called for another one from the 
kitchen.  
	The two spent all day in bed, but not all day making love.  They would lie 
there together and simply talk.  Tenchi found that he could talk about anything 
with her, things he couldn't speak to his father about, things he couldn't 
confide in his grandfather, Ayeka, or Sasami.  She, in turn, talked about her 
life.  Her mother, the Emperor, the war.  At one point, she cried, and Tenchi 
had held her until the tears stopped.  They talked, drank, and made love as the 
mood suited them.
	About midafternoon, Tenchi made a comment.
	"I'm in a lot of trouble."
	E. Ryoko looked up at him.  "Why?"
	He smiled.  "What's the penalty for a commoner consorting with an 
Empress?"
	She grinned.  "Whatever punishment *I* decide for you."  She kissed him.  
"I think you'll have to help me come up with one."
	He tried to smile, but couldn't.  "No, I'm worried about Ryoko and Ayeka.  
How do I break it to them that...that I'm in love with you?"
	E. Ryoko tensed in his arms.  He felt it and looked down at her.  "What?"
	"You love me?"
	He smiled at her.  "I love you."  It was true.  He *did* love her, and he 
had no problem whatsoever saying it.  "All I have to do now, is figure out how 
to tell the others.  I don't want to hurt them, but I can't see a way around 
it."
	E. Ryoko hesitated.  "Ayeka already knows."
	Tenchi tensed up.
	"She saw me bringing up breakfast this morning."
	"Kami sama," he whispered.  "Damn."  He got out of bed and started 
searching for his clothes.  "I have to talk to her."
	As he was pulling his shirt on, he felt E. Ryoko lay a hand on his 
shoulder.  "Tenchi, don't."
	He turned to her.  "I can't just..."
	"Tenchi," she interrupted.  "Trust me, she's in shock.  Right now, you or 
I are the last people she wants to see.  Give her a little time first, then talk 
to her."
	Tenchi paused.  "She's in pain,"  he said simply.
	"And seeing you now will not make it go away.  It'll make it worse.  She 
needs time to get over the shock."
	He was silent.
	"Do you want to make her feel worse?"
	He tensed.
	"The time to talk to her isn't now.  One of the things I've had to learn 
since becoming Empress is that sometimes, all you *can* do is nothing.  You 
learned that lesson too, remember?"  He didn't answer.  "Do you..." she 
swallowed in apprehension.  "Do you *regret* what we did?"
	He quickly turned to her.  "No!  No, of course not."  He took her by the 
shoulders.  "I told you.  I love you.  That's not going to change.  No matter 
what happens with Ryoko and Ayeka, nothing changes between you and me."
	She nodded.  She had started to worry.
	"Do you trust me?"  she asked him.
	He nodded.  "With my life."
	"Then trust me now.  Give Ayeka time."
	Tenchi hesitated.  He bit his lip and nodded.  "Okay."

	Ayeka sat at the small table in the palace kitchen and stared at the 
bottle of Carissian brandy she had swiped from the wine cellar.  The kitchen was 
empty.  Dinner had been served hours ago, and the staff had gone home.  Ayeka 
had spent all day in that kitchen, sitting at a rickety table, staring at a 
bottle of booze.
	Tenchi was gone forever.  He wouldn't have slept with the Empress unless 
he loved her.  She was sure of that.  It was one of the things Ayeka loved about 
him.  He wouldn't give his heart to just anyone, and once given he would not 
take it back.  For the past year, Ayeka had been competing with Ryoko, trying to 
win that love, trying to make herself worthy of it.
	And now it was gone.
	So she had sat in that kitchen, alone in a room full of bustling cooks and 
servers, and stared at a bottle of booze.
	She had seen Ryoko drink when she was upset.  Ayeka had tried not to 
follow her example.  People say you shouldn't drink when you're upset...
	But what else was there to do?
	What else could she do?
	She sighed and pulled the cork from the bottle.
	Nothing.

	Rikari was straggling behind the others.  Tenza, Nol'al, and Gret'an were 
already waiting at the south entrance.  
	"Get a move on, Rikari,"  Tenza called out.
	<Damn,> she thought as she straightened the ribbons on her liberty 
uniform.  <Who would've thought decorations and citations would be such a pain 
in the ass?>
	As she was passing the kitchen, she happened to look in and saw Princess 
Ayeka sitting at a table with a bottle in her hands.  Rikari took another few 
steps and stopped.
	<She looked awfully depressed...>  one side of her mind told her.
	<Screw it!  It's none of our business!>  the other side pointed out.
	<Still...>
	Rikari sighed and muttered.  "It'll be my good deed for the year."  She 
called out to the others.  "I'll catch up!"
	Tenza nodded, and the three left without her.  Rikari turned and entered 
the kitchen.

	Ayeka brought the bottle to her lips, closed her eyes...
	And was shocked that there was no brandy entering her mouth.  She opened 
her eyes and saw that Marine...what was her name?  Rikari.  That was it.  She 
was standing next to her, holding the bottle in her hand and  reading the brand 
label.  Her eyes went wide.
	"Wow, high roller, huh?"
	Ayeka was so surprised, she just blinked.
	"It'd take me three months to earn enough money to buy a bottle of this 
stuff."  She undid the cork and took a healthy drink.  When she was done, she 
smacked her lips, shrugged her shoulders, and said, "Eh."
	Ayeka found her voice.  "Look, Sergeant, I'm really rather busy at the 
moment, so if you could give me back my bottle of brandy and move along, I would 
appreciate it."
	Rikari ignored her.  "So who is it?"
	"Who is what?"
	"The guy.  Who is it?"
	Ayeka paled.  "How did..how did you..."
	Rikari grinned.  "What else could a princess *possibly* get drunk over?  
Can't make the rent?  Doubtful.  Lose your job?  No way.  Some guy breaks your 
heart?  Well......that's a tad more possible."
	Ayeka growled low in her throat. "Go away."
	Rikari's expression softened.  "Look, Milady, I understand.  I really do.  
Now, if you want to get drunk over a guy, fine.  But why don't you come with me 
and learn how to get drunk from a group of professionals?"
	Ayeka stared at her.  "I don't think so, Sergeant.  Thank you for your 
concern, but I'd really rather just stay here."
	Rikari sighed and nodded.  "Okay.  G'night, Milady."  With that, Rikari 
walked out the door.
	The princess picked up the bottle and regarded her surroundings for a 
moment.  She was in a dark, desolate, lonely room with no one to talk to.  
Something about the idea of getting drunk in a place like this disturbed her.  
She paused only a moment before standing up and trotting towards the door.
	"Sergeant!  Wait!"

	"So,"  Rikari began, placing a mug of Toyzarian ale on the table in front 
of Ayeka.  "Tell me about him."
	She sat across from the princess and took a drink of her own ale.
	Ayeka paused, unsure of where to begin or why she was even talking to this 
woman.  The bar Rikari had brought her to was old, dark, and dilapidated, but 
also filled with a good many servicemen and women.  Ayeka had entered and saw a 
lot of different colored capes, but about half of them were either green with 
white circles, or the black capes worn by Imperial Marines.  Rikari had waved to 
a group of men who were at the bar talking to a group of...well...she would 
refer to them as, "women of loose morals," and led Ayeka to a table at the other 
end of the bar.
	"Well," she said, taking a look at her ale and the dirty glass it had come 
in, "He's...well...quite possibly the kindest, bravest, man I've ever known."  
She considered asking for a new glass, but right then she was beyond caring.  
She took a sip and repressed her gag reflex.
	"Kind and brave, huh?"  Rikari repeated.  She sighed and shook her head.  
"Okay, now to the real meat of the issue.  How is he in bed?"
	Ayeka spit up her ale and began to cough.  "I am *not* a woman of loose 
morals, Sergeant Rikari!"
	"Deep down, we're all women of loose morals.  We just don't like to admit 
it."
	"How dare you imply such a thing!"
	"What?!  What's wrong with sex?  I *like* sex!"
	"It's not something a proper lady talks about!"
	"You're just evading the question."
	Ayeka glared at her.  "I am a princess of Jurai," she stated matter of 
factly.
	"Uh-huh, now answer the question."
	Ayeak gulped.  "Well, you see, I...I really don't know..."  Why was she 
even talking to this woman?
	Rikari blinked.  "You mean, you've never..."  she trailed off.  Ayeka 
nodded.  "Wow," Rikari said in awe.  "You really *are* a princess."  She 
brightened.  "Don't worry, we can fix *this* little problem!"  She turned to the 
bar and cupped her hands around her mouth.  "HEY TENZA!  WANNA MAKE TEN 
CREDITS?!"
	"SERGEANT RIKARI!!!"
	Rikari grinned at her.  "Don't worry, I hear he's really very good."
	"Sergeant Rikari,"  Ayeka fumed, "It is inappropriate for you to suggest 
such things."
	"Hey, *Princess*,"  Rikari told her with a slight smile  "We're two girls, 
out on the town, drinking, and talking about men.  I won't salute if you won't."  
She smiled.  "It's, 'Misa', okay?"
	"Misa,"  Ayeka repeated.
	Tenza, Nol'al, and Gret'an walked over and took the remaining chairs at 
their table.  They each gave Ayeka a, "Good evening, Milady," and shot a look at 
Rikari.
	"She's with me," she said simply.  The others seemed to accept this, and 
the conversation moved on to other topics.  Ayeka didn't say anything.  She had 
nothing to add, so she sat there and drank.  Rikari eyed her.
	At that time, a waitress appeared and placed beers and ales in front of 
them.  Ayeka drank her ale and didn't say anything.  She wasn't sure if she was 
better off here than in the palace kitchen, but at least she was drinking.  She 
felt the end of her nose begin to go numb as the ale began to affect her.  She 
looked over at Rikari and saw her eyes narrow.
	"Hey, Rikari,"  a voice behind her drawled.  Ayeka turned in her chair to 
see three men in green capes of rank standing there.
	"Sergeant Rastin,"  Rikari bit out.
	"I thought I smelled horseshit,"  Nol'al commented.
	The man identified as "Rastin," smiled.  "I heard you got advanced.  
Wouldn't have believed it without actually seeing it for myself."
	"Hey, asshole,"  Tenza spoke up.  "Private party, take a walk."
	"Come on," Rastin said, "I just wanted to say hello to your pretty little 
friend, here."  He leaned a little closer to Ayeka.
	"Actually," Gret'an said, coming to her rescue, "She's with me."
	"I wasn't talk'n to you, Lance,"  Rastin bit out.  He made to put his arm 
around Ayeka.
	Rikari's hand shot out and grabbed his wrist in a steel grip.  "She's with 
*me*."  she growled.  Her eyes flashed with anger.
	"Let him go, jarhead,"  one of the other green caped men ordered.
	"Fucking Marines,"  the other commented.
	Tenza shot up in his chair, turned, and raised his voice so everyone in 
the bar could hear him.  "RANGER PIECE OF SHIT!!  YOU GOT SOMETH'N TO SAY ABOUT 
THE IMC?!"
	Every black cape in the bar turned in their direction.  Ayeka looked from 
side to side in shock.
	Rastin and the other two Rangers did likewise.  "Aw, shit, what'd you go 
and do a thing like that for?!"
	From somewhere in the bar, a war cry was loosed.  It was a time honored 
war cry of the Imperial Marine Corps, one that had heralded great battles, and 
was shouted by Marines, usually at the beginning of a glorious charge against 
incredible odds, and it fit the brave men and women of the IMC like a glove.  
That war cry came in the form of...
	"LET'S FUCK 'EM UP!!!"
	It took less than a second for the place to collapse into a bloody free-
for-all.  Ayeka was shoved out of her chair.  She crawled to the wall and took a 
look at the carnage around her.  
	Rikari had delivered a two handed punch to Rastin's stomach and followed 
up with a shot to the jaw that threw the Ranger back eight feet.  Gret'an was 
being double-teamed by two Imperial sailors.  Tenza threw another of the Rangers 
onto their table, which collapsed under the impact.  
	She flinched as a chair flew out and bounced off her force-field.  
Luckily, she had remembered to activate it when the fight got started.  She made 
her way to the bar and watched as Rikari helped Nol'al throw another Ranger 
across the bar and into a rack of liquor bottles.  
	Rikari and Nol'al looked at each other and grinned.  Suddenly, Nol'al was 
tackled from behind.  Rikari watched him go down.  She turned when she heard a 
crash behind her.
	A sailor sunk to the ground in front of her.  Standing behind him, Ayeka 
held the remains of a broken plate in her hand.  Rikari grinned.  "Thanks, 
Princess."
	"Ayeka," she corrected the Marine with a slight smile.  Rikari's grin got 
wider.  Suddenly, she was struck from the side and fell to the ground.  She 
concentrated on the fight.
	Ayeka watched it all unfold.  With a thought, she could use her powers to 
break the whole thing up or even give Rikari and the other Marines the upper 
hand, but she knew that's not what they wanted.  She picked up an empty bottle 
and snuck up behind another soldier who was kneeling over a Marine, pinned 
beneath the man's weight.  She broke the bottle over the soldier's head and 
helped the Marine up.  She lost sight of him in the crowd barely seconds later.  
The fight lasted for several minutes.
	Suddenly, there was a warning shout from the front door.
	"SHORE PATROL!!"
	In a second, the bar fight transformed into a rushed evacuation as 
Marines, sailors, and Rangers bolted for the exits.  Ayeka just stood there, 
unsure of what was happening.  Rikari grabbed her arm and started pulling her 
towards the backdoor.  
	"Misa!  What's going on!?"
	"Shore patrol!"  Rikari explained as she ran.  "If we get caught brawling 
again, Stolykios will have our ass in a sling!"
	Ayeka ran as best she could in her kimono, trying desperately to keep up 
without knowing why.  After all, she was a civilian.  What did it matter if she 
stayed back there?  What would they do to her?  Probably nothing.
	She ran anyway.
	They joined up with Nol'al, Tenza, and Gret'an in an alley two blocks 
away.  They were barely breathing hard.  Ayeka, however, was gasping for breath.  
Rikari grinned.  "Glad to see you guys didn't hang around for the final act."
	Tenza spat some blood onto the street.  "Fucking Rangers," he commented.
	"Who were those men, anyway?"  Ayeka asked.
	Rikari answered her.  "Rangers, Imperial Special Forces.  They think 
they're all badasses."
	"Yeah,"  Nol'al piped up.  "Especially Rastin and his squad of assholes.  
They're off the Risano."
	Ayeka blinked, not understanding the significance.  Rikari saw this and 
elaborated.  "The Risano was Commodore Mihoshi's ship.  She used to hand pick 
her crew, so now Rastin thinks he's Tsunami's gift or something."
	"Well, come on, guys.  The shore patrol's gonna file a report with 
Stolykios, and then he'll start checking beds,"  Nol'al told them.
	They started walking, laughing and joking, bragging about their exploits 
at the bar.
	"And how about this girl?"  Rikari asked chucking a thumb at Ayeka. "We 
need to get this woman in tac armor and put her on the squad."
	Ayeka looked at her and smiled.  "Thank you."
	As they walked, Rikari and Ayeka dropped back behind the others.  "So, how 
do you feel?"  Rikari asked.
	"Honestly?"  Ayeka asked.  Rikari nodded.  "Like Hell."
	Rikari smiled.  "Don't worry.  By the time you and I are through in this 
town, you won't even remember o'l whatshisname."  She wrapped an arm around 
Ayeka.  Ayeka could smell the ale on her breath.  "You know, Ayeka, you and I 
are gonna get along.  I can tell."  It was obvious that Rikari was at the very 
least, tipsy.
	Ayeka looked at her and thought about how preposterous the Marine's 
statement was.  A princess of Jurai barhopping with a Marine, and an enlisted 
one at that?  Her father would tell her that Rikari was nowhere near her class.  
After seeing the way Rikari had tried to help her tonight, after seeing the way 
she had fought with the others for her, Ayeka had a slightly different opinion.  
It wasn't Rikari who was nowhere near Ayeka's class...
	It was Ayeka who was nowhere near her's.
	The princess looked over at the Sergeant and smiled.  "I want to thank 
you, Misa.  I...I needed this.  Thank you."
	Rikari smiled back.  "You're welcome, Ayeka."
	"Hey, Rikari!"  Tenza called from ahead of them.  "Haul ass or Stolykios 
will mail it back to your family for you."  Rikari and Ayeka trotted forward to 
catch up.
	They arrived at the palace just after midnight, and were walking up the 
palace steps when they heard it.
	"Even'n, Marines,"  As one, the four Marines stopped dead.
	"Fuck me,"  Tenza whispered.
	They turned, came to attention, and saluted.  "GOOD EVENING, SIR!"  they 
barked as one.
	Ayeka stood off to one side and watched as a slightly older man in an 
ornate Marine uniform stepped out of the shadows.  He was tall, with short 
blonde hair and face that wore no expression.  He stepped forward and came face 
to face with the Marines.
	"Well, well, well," he said.  "You're getting in late, now, aren't you?"  
He walked from one to the other as if on inspection.  "I got a call from Major 
Stymmes....you know Major Stymmes, don't you, Corporal?"
	Nol'al straightened.  "Sir!  He commands the Capital shore patrol, Sir!"
	Stolykios, nodded.  "He tells me that some of my Marines started a bar 
brawl on the west end of town tonight."  He stopped in front of Rikari and 
examined a cut on the side of her head she had received in the fight.  "You 
wouldn't know anything about that, would you?"
	Rikari bit her lip.  "Sir!  No, Sir!"
	Stolykios gave her a hard look.  "Really?"
	Standing off to the side, Ayeka cleared her throat.  Stolykios turned to 
her and smiled.  "Good evening, Milady Ayeka."
	"Good evening, Colonel.  I'm afraid that *I* am at fault here."
	"*You're* at fault, Milady?"
	The princess nodded.  "Indeed, you see I asked Sergeant Rikari to show me 
some of the city, and her friends felt they should come along...to..to..provide 
a proper escort.  I'm sorry I kept them out so late."  She bowed.  "I assure 
you, it won't happen again."
	"Tour guides?"  he asked with a smile.
	"Yes, that's it."
	He brightened.  "Well then, I certainly hope they showed you the Muntaro 
Memorial.  It's a fascinating exhibit and holds a lot of history for we 
Marines."
	Ayeka smiled and nodded.  "Indeed they did.  I was most impressed."
	From down the line, behind Stolykios, Tenza closed his eyes and muttered a 
word.
	"Shit."
	"You have something to add, Corporal?"  Stolykios asked him without 
turning.
	"Sir!  No, Sir!"
	Stolykios regarded Ayeka for a moment.  "Good.  Very well, Marines, you're 
alibi is noted and logged.  As you were."
	The four of them came to attention.  "AYE AYE, SIR!"
	Stolykios gave Ayeka one more appraising look before saluting and bowing 
to her.  Then he turned on his heel and walked back into the shadows.
	Ayeka breathed a sigh of relief.  "That was close."
	"Close, Hell."  Tenza told her.
	Rikari looked in the direction Stolykios had gone along with the others 
and shook her head.
	"What do you know?"  Nol'al asked.  "Old Stolykios has a soul, after all."
	Ayeka blinked.  "What do you mean?"
	"He had us cold,"  Rikari told her plainly.
	"I don't understand."
	Rikari placed a hand on her shoulder.  "He trick-fucked you, Ayeka."
	The princess blinked.  "Huh?"
	Rikari shook her head.  "There is no Muntaro Memorial."
	Ayeka blinked in shock.  He *tricked* her!  She shook her head.  "Fuck 
me," she whispered.  She quickly clapped her hand over her mouth as if to cram 
the obscenity back in.
	The Marines laughed.  Rikari patted her on the back.  "We'll make you a 
proper Marine, yet, Ayeka!"  They started for the door to the palace.  Ayeka 
looked out at the dark, well kept grounds in front of the residence.  She could 
just barely make out the shadowy form of Colonel Stolykios watching them.  He 
smiled.
	Ayeka found herself smiling back.  Then, she turned and followed the 
Marines into the palace.

	D-6 watched on the viewscreen as Lady Reek'sta trained in the newly 
refurbished arena.  The ten foot, crimson K'rystava stood surrounded by four of 
the smaller, green males.  The green insects held long, pike-like weapons that 
had a long, serrated blade on one end, and a steel ball at the other.  Reek'sta 
carried no weapon.  Once, D-6 had asked her why she preferred to fight unarmed 
like this.  Although he understood her answer, it was impossible to put into 
words.  The closest translation would be something like, "It brings my soul into 
harmony with the battle."
	D-6 saw one of the green insects strike at his Hive Mother.  He knew the 
males would fight with everything they had.  They understood that their purpose 
was to make their Hive Mother a more efficient warrior.  They could not 
accomplish that purpose by throwing the fight, and to fail their Hive Mother was 
unthinkable.  
	So they would do everything in their power to kill her.
	Reek'sta spun from the jab and lashed out with her razor-sharp foreclaw.  
The attacking male's head came clean off his body and fell to the ground.  By 
this time, two other males were attacking.  Reek'sta flew into the air, using 
her insectile wings fly over the heads of the males.  Not having wings of their 
own, they had no way to follow.  She landed behind them and struck back.  She 
pointed her foreclaw at one, and a thick, red tendril of energy, much like an 
energy whip, shot out from the hidden recess on the back of her claw.  The 
tendril wrapped around the neck of one of the insects.  She gave it a sharp tug, 
pulling the green insect towards her.  She spun around and buried her other claw 
into his chest.  Purple ochre  sprayed from the insect's exoskeleton.  Reek'sta, 
covered in the male's blood, dropped him and turned to the two remaining 
threats.
	The remaining males leapt to either side of her, surrounding her.  They 
were more wary now and waited for her to make the next move.  Reek'sta did not 
disappoint them.  She lashed out with her energy tendril and snagged one of the 
insect's legs and pulled him off his feet.  
	While this happened, the other struck, swinging his staff over his head, 
but Reek'sta was no longer there.  She flew straight up and over, landing on the 
trapped male with her full weight.  His legs, tied together, unable to escape, 
he was crushed instantly.  Reek'sta retracted her red energy tendril and faced 
the last male.
	He attacked, trying to spear her with his pike.  Reek'sta waited for an 
opening, then struck, knocking he pike away and burying her foreclaw in his 
neck.  The green insect sputtered and spat blood.  Reek'sta's eyes began to 
glow.  Suddenly, there was a flash of green light!  An beam of energy shot from 
the insect's eyes and bored through the male's head, splitting it in two.  
Reek'sta dropped the body onto the ground like a sack of bricks and turned to 
the camera through which she knew D-6 was watching.
	D-6 took a breath and made a silent prayer to Tokimi that he never cross 
Lady Reek'sta.  That last move never failed to amaze him.  The ability to 
channel their life power into an energy beam was not a gift from Tokimi, but a 
naturally occurring miracle of evolution.  A normal, male K'rystava could only 
stun a victim, knocking it unconscious, but Reek'sta, like all hive mothers, 
possessed an ability to kill with it. 
	"The training goes well?"  a haunted, but musical voice asked from behind 
him.
	D-6's eyes went wide.  He turned and dropped to one knee.  "It goes well, 
Lady Tokimi."
	Tokimi stood there, looking down at him.  Like before, she appeared as a 
humanoid, not in her towering, god-like form.  "Excellent," she said.  "I have 
made contact with my champion.  You will go retrieve him, D-6."
	"Yes, Milady."
	"Good."  With that, she vanished.  D-6 stood up and turned to the 
viewscreen.  Lady Reek'sta was on one knee.  She had somehow felt Tokimi's 
presence and acted accordingly. 
	He knew why Tokimi had insisted on two champions.  It was in order to make 
sure that neither became too ambitious.  He seriously doubted Reek'sta would 
attempt to overthrow her goddess, but one could never be sure.  As for the 
other...well...
	It was best not to dwell on it.
	D-6 had asked Tokimi if two champions would be acceptable according to the 
rules of the final contest, the Creestaca Reestan.  She had told him it was 
perfectly legal as long as neither one had her full power.  It was not the 
number of champions that was important, she told D-6, but the amount of her 
power she bestowed upon them *collectively*.  This meant that neither of her 
champions would be at full power, but they would have the advantage of numbers.
	
	He wondered briefly what Tsunami and Washu's champions would be like.
	They would soon find out.


Author's Comments:

A colleague, friend, and fellow fan fic author once commented to me that, 
emotionally, Ayeka was the stronger of the two women.  That's why Ryoko tries to 
kill herself and Ayeka just gets wasted, in case you were wondering.  

Send all C&C to 
Thomas "009" Doscher at
doscher009@hotmail.com
