It was the first day of summer vacation at the Masaki household.  Today they
would be getting a new visitor from America.

(Tenchi) So when do we have to be at the airport dad?
(Nobuyuki) I don't know Tenchi, Ill ask grandpa.  Hey dad, when do me and
Tenchi need to be at the airport?
(Kashuhito)  In about 2 hours.
(Nobuyuki) Well then I guess we better get ready to leave.
(Ryoko) Where are you going Tenchi?
(Tenchi) We have a visitor coming to live with us from America for the
summer.
(Ryoko) Oh, Can I come?
(Tenchi) Sure.

Nobuyuki, Tenchi, and Ryoko got in the van to go pick up their visitor.
When
they got there, the plane was just arriving.  Nobuyuki held up a sign that
said Chad D.  A young boy of about 14 walked up to them, and said I'm Chad
D.
 He was taller than Tenchi with green eyes and short brown hair.

(Tenchi) Well Chad, my name is Tenchi, This is Nobuyuki and this is Ryoko.
(Chad) Pleased to meet all of you {He said this while bowing to them and
kissing Ryoko's hand.}

They all got into the van and left for the house.  They arrived home about
an
hour later.

(Sasami) They are here!
(Mihoshi) YEY!

All four of them stepped out of the van.  All the girls ran up to Chad to
greet him.

(Washu, Mihoshi, Kiyone, Ayeka, Ryo-oki, and Sasami) Welcome Chad!  May we
get your bags?
(Chad) No thank you, they are quite heavy and I do not want any of you to
get
hurt.

Chad picked up his two very large duffel bags while Tenchi carried a trunk
like they were nothing.

(Tenchi) Ill show you to your room.
(Chad) Thanks.

When they got to his room, he placed down his duffel bags and set up some
things.  Tenchi noticed a messed up notebook.

(Chad) Oh that's just a notebook I have to write down some ideas.
(Tenchi) Can I read some later?
(Chad) Be my guest.

Chad and Tenchi walked down to the living room where everybody was.

(Sasami) So Chad, where in America are you from?
(Chad) I'm from New York.
(Sasami) Do you live near the city?
(Chad) Sort of. It's like a 20-min drive.
(Ayeka) Its not polite to ask so many questions Sasami.
(Chad) Oh, it's ok. I don't mind.
(Sasami) Are you hungry?
(Chad) Yea, I kind of haven't eaten in the past like 20 hours.

Sasami led Chad to the kitchen to get some food.

(Tenchi) Grandpa, How do you know Chad?
(Kashuhito) His parents are old friends of mine.

After lunch, everybody went to watch some TV.  Kashuhito was about to go to
the shrine when he called for Chad.

(Kashuhito) Chad, Id like to talk to you a bit.  Come with me.
(Chad) Ok.

They left and as soon as they left, everybody started to talk about Chad.

(Mihoshi and Sasami) He's cute.
(Ryoko) He is really strong too.

Everybody joined in on the conversation. Meanwhile, Chad and Kashuhito were
walking to the shrine.

(Kashuhito) How is everything at home?
(Chad) Not to good. A month before I came here my parents died. So now I'm
on
my own.
(Kashuhito) I'm very sorry to hear that.
(Chad) Yea, I can't believe that if I didn't go to the movies with my
friend,
then I would not be here also.
(Kashuhito) So how have you been living?
(Chad) I lived with my friends so I don't have to go to an orphanage.  Thank
you very much for letting me stay this summer.
(Kashuhito) The pleasure is all mine.  I know how you kendo stick fight.
Would you mind help me teach Tenchi later on?
(Chad) I would be glad to.

It was around noon, and Tenchi had to go do his chores at the field. When he
got there, he noticed they were done and Chad was sitting by a tree writing.

(Tenchi) I see you did all the chores.
(Chad) Oh yea, sorry about that, I had nothing to do so I did them.
(Tenchi) What are you writing?
(Chad) Oh, it's just this diary I keep.  I thought that today would be good
to add to it.
(Tenchi) Well I'm off to go train.
(Chad) oh yea, your grandfather asked me to train you today.
(Tenchi) Ok.

After about and hour of training, they left tired, bruised and bleeding.
Tenchi only had a cut on his lip but Chad had a huge gash above his right
eye.

(Tenchi) That looks pretty bad.  When we get back, Ill have Washu fix it up.
(Chad) Oh, it's nothing. You don't have to do that.

They both got home and went to go get cleaned up before dinner.  Everybody
was there except for Chad who was just finishing up getting ready.

(Kashuhito) Now everybody, I have something to ask you.

All eyes turn to him.

(Kashuhito) Please, nobody use their powers and please do not fight.  I do
not want Chad to be scared.
(Everybody) All right.

At dinner, everybody ate quietly while all the girls kept glancing and Chad
and his bruise.

(Mihoshi) How did you get that cut Chad?
(Chad) Oh, Tenchi and I were training and Tenchi got me in head making me
bleed.  It's no big deal.

After dinner, everybody talked and asked Chad a lot of questions.

(Mihoshi) What is like growing up in New York?
(Chad) Well, it's hard but if you learn how take care of yourself and you
should be fine.
(Sasami) Well, what about your parents?
(Chad) They died about a month ago.
(Sasami) Oh I'm so sorry.  {Everybody had a little tear in his or her eye.}
(Chad) Its ok, you didn't know

After another hour of talking, Chad went to his room because he was tired.
He
said goodnight to everybody and left.  Of coarse, everybody was talking more
about him.

(Sasami) I hope Chad is ok.
(Ayeka) He is fine.  He asked us not to worry about him and I will respect
his wishes.
(Everybody) We will to.

The next morning, Chad had awakened early because he decided it would be
nice
to cook breakfast for everyone.  When he got down to the kitchen, he noticed
that Kashuhito was awake.

(Kashuhito) Good morning Chad.  What are you doing up?
(Chad) I was wondering if I could cook breakfast today if that's ok with
you.
(Kashuhito) Sure.

Chad then went to work to cook the biggest breakfast that they have ever
seen.  Chad made so many things such as: eggs, pancakes, waffles, steaks,
hash browns, bacon, ham, fresh squeezed OJ, and also some fish.  The aroma
waked up everybody in the house thinking Sasami was cooking again.  Every
went downstairs to see Chad setting up the table.

(Everybody) WOW!
(Chad) Thanks, I didn't know what you guys liked so I just made everything I
knew I could make.  Dig in.

Everybody ate with a smile on his or her face because it was so good.  It
was
probably even better than Sasami's cooking.  After everybody ate and was
full, they all wanted to clean up since he cooked.  He didn't allow it.

(Chad) Id rather I do it.  I mean, it's the very least I can do to thank you
for welcoming me.

Everybody agreed and left.  Sasami and Mihoshi gave Chad a quick peck on the
cheek to show thanks.  This of coarse made Chad blush bright red.  They
giggled as they left, Washu and Ayeka bowed, Kiyone gave him a smile, and
Ryoko gave a pinch on the butt.

(Tenchi) Looks like the girls like someone.
(Chad) Don't look at me, I'm just trying to be a gentleman.

Tenchi laughs and leaves.  After Chad cleaned up, he went to go see what
everybody else was doing.  Most of them were sitting in front of the TV.

(Sasami) Chad, come sit here.  I saved you a seat.
(Chad) Thanks Sasami.

Chad sat down and watched TV with mostly everybody else.  After an hour,
Chad
stood up and began to talk.

(Chad) I'm gonna go for a walk, anybody care to come with me?
(Ryoko) Id love to.
(Chad) Anybody else wish to come?

Everybody else was busy so it was just Ryoko and Chad.  They walked all
around the property. Through the woods and around the lake and then into
town.

(Ryoko) So Chad, you like Japan so far?
(Chad) It's great.  I'm so glad you guys are so nice to me.  I was hoping
that I would fit in.
(Ryoko) Well, I sure welcome you!  {She said that while smiling}
(Chad) Thanks.  That means a lot to me.

During their absence, Tenchi decided to read some of Chad's diary and
notebook since he allowed him too.  He brought them down stairs and
everybody
was curious about what was in them.  Even Ayeka wanted to know.  In his
notebook, there were pictures that Chad drew. Sketches of where he lived and
also of some of his friends.  Tenchi then proceeded to read out loud his
last
entry from his diary.

June 27, 2001

Well, today ended my first day here in Japan.  Boy, was it a day.  First, I
got off the plane to meet up with Tenchi, his dad, and this cute girl named
Ryoko.  When I got to their house, many other beautiful women greeted me.
They all seemed very nice and I hope to get to know them better.  I talked a
little bit about my life in New York.  Sasami is such an excellent cook.
I'm
hoping she could teach me some things about food.  Ayeka seems to very
proper
like she were royalty.  Mihoshi and Kiyone are very nice.  Washu for some
reason stays in the closet.  I don't think I should find out just yet.
Ryoko
was very nice to me.  Along with the girls are Tenchi, his father and his
grandfather.  I got to train with Tenchi today.  He was an excellent
fighter.
 He even made me bleed which no one ever made me do.  I wish I could move
out
here because I have no family back in America.  Of coarse, its impolite for
me to ask so I wont.  Oh well, I hope I can just make friends with these
nice
people and be able to fit in.  Tomorrow, I'm gonna make a huge American
style
dinner which I hope is ok with them.

Tenchi decided to put away the books and then came downstairs.  Everybody
was
sitting in the living room almost crying but they all held it back.  It was
just then that Chad and Ryoko walked into the house.

(Chad) We're back.

Everybody looked up at Chad.

(Chad) Is there something wrong?
(Kashuhito) Chad, I've decided that you can live with us as long as you
want.
(Chad's thought) <Wait, how can they know I wanted to stay unless they read
my…>

Chad fainted startling everybody.  He woke up around 5 p.m. and everybody
was
around him to see if he was ok.  He tried to get up but Washu held him down.

(Washu) Rest now.
(Chad) I'm sorry for fainting like that.  It's just I didn't really think
you
were gonna read my diary.
(Ayeka) Were deeply sorry.
(Chad) You shouldn't be.  I mean, I never told you not to.

Everybody left to let Chad rest.  Washu set up a camera to monitor him if
anything happens to him.  Chad had awakened an hour later refreshed.  He
walked into the dining room to see everybody done eating.

(Tenchi) You're awake.  Sasami, do we have anything left over?
(Sasami) No, we kind of ate it all.
(Chad) It's ok.  Ill wait till tomorrow to eat.
(Tenchi) Are you sure you're not hungry?
(Chad) Tenchi, I'm fine.  I've gone longer without food.

That night, Chad couldn't sleep at all.  He decided to get something to
drink.  When he got down there, he noticed Washu was fully awake just
looking
off into space.

(Chad) Oh, hello Washu.  I didn't think anybody would be up.  Do you mind if
I sit with you?
(Washu) Not at all Chad.

Washu pulled out a seat next to her because she wanted to talk to him.

(Washu) In your diary, you wrote that you didn't fit in.  Why is that?
(Chad) Well, back at home, I didn't have that many friends.  The most amount
I had was like two friends.  I guess I just never fit in.
(Washu) Well, did you ever have a girlfriend?
(Chad) Sadly, no.  Along with not fitting in, No girls ever really noticed I
was alive so I never really knew any girls to talk to except maybe a cousin.

Washu stood up and was about to leave when Chad grabbed her hand.

(Chad) Washu, don't tell anybody that I never fitted in and that I never had
a girlfriend ok? Please.
(Washu) Don't worry Chad.  You secret is safe with me.  Now go get some
sleep
ok?
(Chad) Thanks and I will.

Both Chad and Washu went off to their rooms and went to sleep.  The next
morning was spent inside because everybody overslept until like noon.
Sasami
had prepared a picnic for everybody to go on.  They all went on the picnic.
They all sat and ate and talked.

(Kiyone) So Ryoko, how come you and Chad had such a long walk?
(Ryoko) Well, first we just walked around thee forest and lake and he asked
if we wanted to walk into town so we did and he bought me some ice cream and
we just sat around talking.
(Sasami) Somebody likes Chad [she said this while giggling]
(Ryoko) Do not! [She said in protest while blushing]

Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Washu went to go see how Tenchi and Chad train together.
They were kendo stick fighting. They were equally matched.  Tenchi was going
for the tap on the head for symbolize that he had won be he missed and he
reopened Chad's cut.  Chad retaliated by opening up Tenchi's cut.  It went
like this for about half and hour when they both tapped each other on the
head at the same time declaring a draw.  The three girls clapped in
amazement
at what they just saw.  Tenchi went to get as towel while Chad fell to his
knees being so tired. As they were about to leave Chad grabbed the sticks
and
started to talk.

(Chad) Hey Tenchi, ready for round two?
(Tenchi) Round two?
(Chad) Yea. What did you only think I fight for one round?
(Tenchi) guess not.

Tenchi stepped back into the ring and they started again.  Everybody was now
watching as the both tired boys went to battle against each other to try to
win.  Once again it came to a draw.

(Chad) Well I better hurry up and start that dinner I promised.
(Sasami) Can I watch Chad?  I don't know how to cook American style.
(Chad) Sure.

The two of them ran ahead to get started on dinner.  Everybody else walked
home slowly.

(Washu) It looks like Tenchi finally found someone who he couldn't beat.
(Tenchi) I guess so.
