disclaimer: i dont own anything Tenchi so dont sue me Pioneer or you either AIC. 

It was now time for Chad to become new ruler of Jurai.  The whole gang was 
there.  Even Tsunami, General Leeman, and their son Josh had come to the party.  
The ceremony went on and Asuza had made it official that Chad would be the new 
king.  It was the ceremony dinner and everybody wanted to talk to Chad about 
what had happened.  Chad had talked to everybody but he really wanted to talk to 
Tsunami.

(Chad) Hello Miss Tsunami.
(Tsunami) Hello emperor.
(Chad) Please call me Chad.
(Tsunami) Okay Chad.  What can I do for you?
(Chad) Well, I would like to thank you for resurrecting me.  I do not know how 
to repay you.  
(Tsunami) Please, I was glad to help you.  You showed much courage and honor 
over the past few years and that should be rewarded.
(Chad) You have been watching me?
(Tsunami) Of coarse, I needed to know if you were ready.
(Chad) Ready for what?
(Tsunami) You will find out in due time.
(Chad) Thank you miss Tsunami. [they hug and part]

Chad had searched the whole party for most of his friends but when he did 
someone else always stopped him.  He finally got some time to himself so he 
decide some fresh air would do him good.  He walked out on to the balcony where 
he found Ryoko.

(Chad) Hi Ryoko.
(Ryoko) Hi emperor.
(Chad) Ryoko, you know better than that just to call me Chad.
(Ryoko) Yea but it sounds so cute with you.
(Chad blushing) Thanks.  Why are you not inside enjoying the party?
(Ryoko) I dunno, I guess Im not really in the mood to party right now.
(Chad) I have a present for you.
(Ryoko) Me?  A present?  Why?
(Chad) Well, it&#8217;s just a little gift that I really want you to have.  [He 
then pulls out a necklace from his pocket.]  I know its nothing really special 
but it was my mother&#8217;s and his has a lot of sentimental value and I want 
you to have it.
(Ryoko) I can&#8217;t accept this.  This has too much value to you.  You should 
keep it.
(Chad) Ryoko, please.  I want you to have this.  You have so done for me and I 
want you to have this.
(Ryoko with a tear) Yea, you saved my life numerous times, how did I repay you?  
I let you be blown up.
(Chad) Ryoko, that was not your fault.  You couldn&#8217;t help it and I do not 
blame you for it.  You have to accept that.  Remember, it also you who kept me 
here.  If it weren't for you, then I would have gone back to America.  Please, 
you deserve this. Please say you will take it. 
(Ryoko crying) Thank you. [Chad put the necklace around her neck.  Chad noticed 
that she still had some tears running down her cheek so he wiped them away.
(Chad) Come on, will you have this dance with me?
(Ryoko) Yes. [Chad took her hand and they went into the dance where they danced 
beautify]

The dance ended and the party was finishing up.  Everybody went back to his or 
her homes but Chad had decided to stay outside on the balcony.  He looked over 
his brand new kingdom and thought about what it will be like to be king.  Ayeka 
then walked up to her new king.

(Ayeka) Are you okay my lord?
(Chad) Oh, hi Ayeka.  Do you have to call me lord?
(Ayeka) Well, it is only proper.
(Chad) Ayeka, its just you and me here.  Please, call me something else.  At 
least call me Chad.
(Ayeka) Okay, Chad.  What are you doing?
(Chad) Oh, just thinking about my new life as king.  Come on, we should go get 
some sleep.

The two of them went back to their rooms where they seemed already asleep.    

Months had passed and Chad was up late at night so he decided to see his old 
friends.

(Chad) Hi guys.
(Mihoshi and Kiyone bowing) Good evening your highness.
(Chad) Please stop.  It&#8217;s just us.  Look, from now on, if were ever alone, 
just call me Chad and don&#8217;t bow.
(Kiyone) Okay.  So what&#8217;s up?  
(Chad) I just thought it would be nice to go around to see all my friends.  So 
how do you like it here on Jurai?
(Mihoshi) Its great.  Everybody does what we say.  
(Chad) So you two are enjoying yourselves?
(Kiyone) We are very much indeed.
(Chad) Good then.  I have to go talk to the others.  Well goodnight you two.
(Kiyone and Mihoshi) Goodnight.

Chad left and he walked past Nobuyuki&#8217;s house where he saw the TV on and 
screams coming from the house.

(Chad thinking) Hmmm, I guess he found out that he no longer has those tapes]

Chad then walked towards Tenchi and Ryoko&#8217;s house.  From the outside, he 
heard some screaming coming from inside.  He then saw Ryoko fly off into the 
sky.  Chad quickly took to the sky since he still had the powers and caught up 
with Ryoko.

(Chad) Ryoko! Wait!
(Ryoko crying) Please leave me alone.
(Chad) Ryoko, please wait!  [Chad saw she had some bruises on her]  How did you 
get those bruises?
(Ryoko crying) From Tenchi&#8230;
(Chad) Go back to the palace.  I will be there in a few minutes.
(Ryoko) Thank you.  

Chad quickly flew back to the house where he saw Tenchi drunk and screaming.  
Chad called for some guards to watch over the house and make sure Tenchi did not 
leave this house.  After this, Chad quickly flew back to the Palace where he Saw 
Ryoko lying on the floor crying.  

(Chad) Here, Ryoko. Come with me.  [He picked her up and led her to a spare room 
he had next to his]  You should rest.  We will figure this all out in the 
morning.  Just get some rest.
(Ryoko crying) Thank you.  

Chad was about to leave when Ryoko stopped him.

(Ryoko) Chad, could you just stay here until I fall asleep please?
(Chad) I will.
(Ryoko) Thank you. [Chad pulled up a chair and sat next to Ryoko.  He began to 
stroke her hair and sing a lullaby that his mother used to sing to him.  With 
the combination of Chad&#8217;s soft touch and his singing, she soon fell 
asleep.]

Chad saw that she was asleep so he kissed her forehead and went to walk away.  
As he went to the door, he saw her start to shiver.  He decided to stay the rest 
of the night for her.  He got out a 2nd blanket and covered her.  He sat down 
and watched over her as she slept. 
        
It was around sunrise and Chad decided to go back to his room. 

He woke up a couple of hours later so he decided to go see how his friends were 
doing.  Before he went to the throne room, he went to go check up on Ryoko.  He 
opened the door to see her lying down.  Chad thought she was asleep but she was 
indeed awake.  Chad walked up to her and saw her eyes closed.  

(Chad in a low voice) Good you're still safe. [He then bent down and lightly 
kissed her forehead]

Chad walked into the throne room to see his Ayeka and Washu talking.

(Chad) Good morning ladies.
(Ayeka and Washu) Good morning emperor.  Why are you up so early?
(Chad) What time is it?
(Washu) Its 11am earth time.
(Chad) Thanks.  Do I have anything special today Ayeka?
(Ayeka) At 5pm you have a meeting with some ambassadors.
(Chad) Thank you.  I will see you all later.

Chad had stopped by the kitchen and whipped something up for Ryoko. 

(Chad) Here Ryoko.  I made you some food.
(Ryoko) Thank you.  Im very sorry for putting you through this.  
(Chad) Don&#8217;t worry about it.  All I care about right now is your safety.  
Come to the throne room later okay?
(Ryoko) Okay. 

Chad left and went to go get ready for the meeting later.
