Disclaimer: All the people and most of the ideas here belong to AIC and Pioneer.
The rest of the ideas are mine.  Blah, blah, blah, don't sue me.

Please send any opinions, good or bad, to me at lighthawkwings@masakishrine.com
This story takes place in the OAV universe.

Thanks to Literary Eagle, and Brook "the Total Anime Nut" Kuhn for all their
help with the earlier chapters and for all their support.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                The Dark Juraian
                                   Chapter 4
                               An Uneventful Day
                               

	Tenchi's door slid silently open, as the dark figure glanced around the
surroundings.  Silver moonlight illuminated the room with a dim glow.  Ayechi
was silent in his crib.  Ayeka slept soundly, certain of her safety within the
strong arms of her beloved Tenchi.  The silver light sparkled off her glossy
crown casting a ring of light around her tranquil face.  Tenchi too, slept
deeply, Ayeka cradled against his side.
	The shadowed figure smiled as it snuck into the peaceful scene.  It made
no sound as it moved towards the bed, where the happy couple lay.  Without a
sound, it reached forward, towards the slumbering princess.  Ayeka stirred
slightly in her sleep, as she felt the shifting energies, but she did not wake.
The shadow then moved to the sleeping child.  Taking only a moment, the figure
reached into the crib, touching the baby softly, and then quickly retreated out
of the room, sliding the door shut as it left.

	Sunlight pierced through the window, waking Tenchi.  He smiled down at
his wife, who still slept close at his side.  Softly, he shook her, gently
rising her from sleep.  A slightly troubled expression crossed her face, as she
fought off the clinging remnance of sleep.
	"Something wrong, Ayeka?"
	"I don't think so, but...Something seems...missing."
	Ayechi started crying at that moment.  Tenchi slowly lifted Ayeka's head
of his chest and slid out of the bed.  Ayeka stared at the ceiling for a moment,
trying to get her bearings.  Something was missing, but what was it.  Absently,
she rubbed her temples, trying to wipe away the last of the sleep so she could
think clearly.
	"My tiara!" Ayeka gasped.
	"What?" Tenchi asked as he bounced his son in his arms.
	"My tiara is gone!  Somebody has taken my tiara!"

	Sasami sung to herself in the kitchen as she tossed some carrots into
the pot.
	"Miya?" Ryo-ohki asked as she walked in, in toddler form.
	"What is it, Ryo-ohki?"
	"Ay-ye-ka?"
	"What?  Oh, this." Sasami laughed as she pushed back the tiara on her
head.  "Don't tell Ayeka."
	"Miya?"
	"I'll let you have a carrot." Sasami said as she handed the cheerful
creature a carrot.
	"There you are!" A loud voice boomed.  Sasami turned around and gulped.
Ayeka stood in the doorway, with a very angry expression on her face.  Tenchi
smiled behind her, Ayechi giggling in his arms.
	"Can't catch me!" Sasami laughed as she darted out the door.
	"Sasami!  Come back here at once!" Ayeka roared as she raced after her
younger sister.
	"Breakfast should be done coohking in twenty minutes." Sasami yelled to
Tenchi as she ran.  "Stir it every couple of minutes.  Don't wait for us!" She
laughed as she ran into the woods, Ayeka right behind her.
	"Hello, Tenchi." Ryoko said playfully as she teleported behind Tenchi.
	"Ah, Ryoko.  You're just in time."
	"Huh?"
	"Can you stir the food in that pot for me?  I have to feed Ayechi."
	"Oh, yeah sure." She said disappointedly.  "So where are the
princesses?"
	"Sasami stole Ayeka's tiara and Ayeka chased her into the woods."
	"Ha!  Oh I wish I could've seen that."
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki chimed in.
	"Oh, right.  I can see that." Ryoko laughed loudly as she recieved
Ryo-ohki's vision of the incident.
	"Okay, Ryoko.  Hold Ayechi for a minute."
	"With pleasure." Ryoko teleported to Tenchi and picked up the gigling
baby from his arms.  Tenchi began scouping the food into various dishes.  Soon
Yumi and Nobiyuki came down, and Washu came out of the lab.  Katsuhito came in
from the shrine, and they all gathered around the table.
	"Where's Mihoshi?" Tenchi asked glancing around.
	"Miya!  Miya, Miya, miya!" Ryo-ohki jabbered to Ryoko.
	"Ryo-ohki says that before breakfast, she was playing hide and seek with
Sasami and Mihoshi, and that she hasn't seen Mihoshi since."
	"Well, we shouldn't let it get cold.  I guess she can eat with Ayeka and
Sasami when they get back."
	The six of them ate cheerfully, amused at the events of the morning.
The meal passed without incident.  Tenchi and Yumi were clearing the dishes when
the door slid open.
	Sasami stood in the doorway.  She breathed heavily, and held the door
for support.  Her face was bright red, and sweat clung to her hair, or rolled
down the wooden tiara that rested on her forhead.
	Ayeka was nowhere in sight.
	"Um, Sasami?"
	"Yes, Tenchi?" She asked innocently as she sat down and helped herself
to some of the slightly warm food.
	"Where's Ayeka?"
	"I dunno." She smiled.
	Tenchi couldn't help but smile.  This would certainly be an interesting
day.

	Ayeka crept silently through the woods, following the crunching sounds
of the dry leaves.  As she drew closer the sounds they also grew in quantity, as
her target, still unseen, noticed her presence.  Sacrificing stealth for speed,
Ayeka jumped out of the bushes to prevent her prey from escaping.
	"Aha!  Gotcha!" She yelled.
	Mihoshi stumbled at the sudden outburst and tripped and fell.
	"Ack!  I'm it!  Wait.  Ayeka, I didn't know you were playing."
	"Playing?"
	"I'm playing hide and seek with Sasami and Ryo-ohki."
	"You might have been, but that was an hour ago at least."
	"Hmm, you're right.  That was quite a while ago.  I suppose the game's
over."
	"Yes, well.  Let's go back.  Sasami has a lot of explaining to do."
	"Um, Ayeka?"
	"Yes?"
	"How do we get back?"
	"We...Hmm.  We're in pretty deep aren't we?"
	"Uh-huh."
	"Well, we'll just go back the way we came.  I'm sure we'll see something
familiar soon."
	"Hey, does this mean I won the game?"

	"Helllo?" Masami called as he entered the house.
	"Oh.  Hi Masami." Sasami called from the kitchen.
	"Gee, something's different about you." Masami smiled as he entered the
kitchen.  "Did you get a haircut?"
	"No." Sasami giggled.
	"So you finally got your sisters tiara."
	"Hey!  What do you mean finally?"
	"Tenchi told me about your attempt to get it on the Ryu-oh."
	"He did?" Sasami blushed.
	"Yup.  So where are the others?"
	"Um, well.  Tenchi is in his studio.  Washu and Ryoko are in the lab
running some tests on Ayechi.  Yumi and Grandpa are working at the shrine, and
the last time I saw them, Ayeka and Mihoshi were taking a walk in the woods."
	"Remind me not to get on your bad side." He laughed as he walked out of
the kitchen.
	"Masami..." Ryoko's voice echoed eerily.
	"Well, if it isn't everybody's favorite demon."  The air shimmered as
Ryoko teleported in.  "Tenchi's in his studio, if you're loohking for him."
	"Actually,  I'm here for you."
	"Whay would you w-" Masami was cut off as Ryoko clamped a hand over his
mouth.  She dragged the struggling Masami through the door to the lab.
	"Masami!" Sasami called from the kitchen.  "Masami?  Where'd he go?"

	"Mihoshi." Ayeka said, glancing around at the all to familiar scenery.
"Are you sure this is the way back?"
	"I'm pretty sure.  Why?"
	"Well, unless I'm mistaken, this is the third time we passed those rocks
and that stream."
	"Hmm.  I think you're right.  Do you think we're lost?"
	"Yes, I do believe we are." Ayeka sighed, holding back her annoyance.
	"Then what should we do?" Mihoshi asked fearfully.
	"Calm down, I'm thinking.  Can you open a line to Yukinojo?"
	Mihoshi slid her finger across the gem on her communicator.  "I think
I...no.  He's out of range."
	"Can you home in on Ryoko or Ryo-ohki's high level energies?"
	Again Mihoshi slid her finger across the gem.  The holographic data
field appeared but it didn't point anywhere.  "Sorry.  Their energy fields are
too dormant to detect at this range.  I'll leave the scanner on, in case they
become active."
	"Well, let's see.  The woods thin out in this direction.  If we go that
way, we'll be more likely to find a road and follow it back to our house.  Or we
could go into the thicker wood, and climb one of the taller trees, and try to
spot Funaho or the shrine.  What do you think?  Mihoshi?  What are you doing?"
	"I'm trying to materialize some coffee!"

	"Wake up Masami."
	Masami opened his eyes to see Washu and Ryoko smiling mischeviously at
him.  He tried to move but found that he was bound.  He also found that he was
stripped to his boxers.
	"What's going on?"
	"An expirement." Washu said simply.  "we're going to see if it's
possible to teach you some manners."
	"I maintain it  can't be done." Ryoko smiled.
	"C'mon guys.  I'm only playing around."
	"You wanna play?  Fine, but we're playing by my rules!  Aha ha ha ha!"
Washu cackled.  "Okay!  All personal data has been recorded.  Ryoko!  Initiate
the test."
	Ryoko approached Masami with a needle at the end of a long thin hose.
	"C'mon!  Stop it!  Let me go!" Masami thrashed about.
	"Request permission to sedate the subject?"
	"Permission granted."

	Yumi sighed and glanced up at the red gates of the shrine.
	"Yumi!" Katsuhito yelled as he stepped out of the office.  "Aren't you
done with those papers yet?"
	"Sorry sir."  Yumi hurredly answered more of the questions.
	"What is troubling you child?" Katsuhito asked as he sat down next to
Yumi.  The stray cat rubbed up against him for attention.
	"Nothing.  When was the shrine founded?"
	"1294.  Something is wrong.  Tell me."
	"I don't know.  I guess I'm just worried about Masami.  Today is his day
off from his job at the restaurant and he usually spends them here, but he 
hasn't even come up to say hi."
	"Count your blessings." Katsuhito mumbled.
	"What?"
	"Oh, nothing.  You had better hurry up.  Those papers have to be mailed
out this afternoon."
	"Yes, sir.  They'll be ready."
	"Well, see that they are."  Katsuhito said as he stepped back into the
office.
	"Where do you suppose Masami is?"
	"I do not know.  But don't worry so.  If anything happened to him, we
would know.  I'm sure he's just doing something important."

	"Achoo!" Masami awoke with a high pitched sneeze, and an out-of-sorts
feeling.  Everything seemed...different.
	"Mom!" Ryoko called.  "He's awake."
	"Good.  How is he doing?"
	"Astral patterns match, as do psycho-layer pattern.  Yeah, all of the
data matches, except his DNA structure and body content of course."
	"What'd you do to me?" Masami yelled.  Or rather, he tried to.  All that
came out was a "Miya!"
	"Oh, this is hilarious!" Washu cried from her monitor.
	"Mom.  That's Masami's brain activity.  How could that be funny?"
	"Well, I guess you have to be a scientist to get it.  Now for some
laughs we can all share.  Ryoko!  The mirror."
	Ryoko took out a small mirror and held it up to Masami.  Curious, Masami
looked into the mirror.  A cabbit with reddish brown fur, shades, and a small
leather jacket stared back at him.  Masami jumped back in surprise and fell off
the table.  Ryoko and Washu burst out laughing.
	"Miya!  Miya miya miya!"
	"Calm down, hot shot.  Cabbit can't talk, but you can communicate to
Ryoko and me with mind-speak.  It's a form of communication used by the masses.
Just try."
	<What did you do?> Masami thought-yelled.
	"Well, Ryoko and Ryo-ohki were created by introducing a strong mental
presence to the Masses.  I did a similar procedure on you, except that you
already had a body.  As expected, the Masses compensated for this by assuming a
structure similar to your own and exerting an influence over the rest of your
body so it would accept them."
	<If the Masses assumed my structure, then why am I a cabbit?>
	"Well, prior to exposing the Masses to your mental presence, I impressed
upon them the physical and biological images of a cabbit.  So when they merged
with you, they influenced your body and changed it.  Like they did with Ryo-ohki
in the fields."
	<Might I ask why you did this?>
	"Well, this could have major impacts on the medical practice.  It could
all but remove the threat of dying from injuries."
	<Why a cabbit?>
	"Why not?"
	<Figures.  So can you change me back now?>
	"Nope!  We've got some tests to run on you first.  Most importantly is
to test it's permanancy."
	<How long will that take?>
	"Oh, I dunno.  If there's no adverse side affects in the next couple of
hours, I think we're safe."

	Ayeka and Mihoshi broke from the woods onto a long winding road.
	"Now which way to go." Ayeka grumbled.
	"Oh, look.  Somebodies coming." Mihoshi waved as a pickup truck drove up
and came to a stop.  
	"Hello, ladies." The large man in the truck smiled.  "What're a couple
of beautiful women like you doing out in the woods?"
	"Well, we got slightly lost." Ayeka said, uncomfortable with the way the
man was loohking at her.
	"Looks like you're found now."
	"Um, well, we are loohking for the Masaki shrine.  Do you know which way
to go?"
	"I might.  How 'bout we talk about it over a meal?"
	"I thank you very much, but I am already married." Ayeka said
gracefully, holding up her hand to show him her wedding ring.  The man seemed
somewhat put off.
	"How 'bout you, beautiful?" He said turning to Mihoshi.
	"Who me?" Mihoshi giggled and blushed.  "Oh, I'm not married, but then
I haven't met the right guy, I suppose."
	"Excuse me," Ayeka said. "But do you know the way to the Masaki shrine?"
	"Well you never know." The man said, now ignoring Ayeka. "The right guy
might be right in front of you."  This caused Mihoshi to giggle even more.
	"Listen.  We really need to get to the Masaki shrine.  Can you help or
not?"
	"How about giving me a chance?"
	"Well I don't even know you."
	"Mihoshi!  Don't encourage him.  We must get to the Masaki shrine soon.
Do you know where it is or not?"
	"Well, I'm sure we can change that.  Why don't we ditch this crabby 
bitch and we can...get to know eachother."
	"What did you call me?" Ayeka yelled.
	"Look, just because you're married to some slob, doesn't mean that other
people can't have a good time."
	"That's it!" Ayeka fumed as she rolled up her sleeve.  Mihoshi, wisely,
stepped back.
	"Why don't you just run home to your man and leave us alone?" The man
laughed.
	Energy crackled as Ayeka slammed her fist into the truck.  The man
screamed in surprise as the force tipped the truck onto it's side.
	"Come, Mihoshi.  We will try to find the house on our own."
	"It was nice meeting you." Mihoshi called back as Ayeka lead her away.

	"Oh, there you are." Sasami exclaimed as Washu and Ryoko stepped out of
the lab.  "I need you to watch Ayechi so I can cook lunch.  Hey!  Whatcha got
there?" Sasami asked, noticing that Ryoko was holding something.
	"Take a look for yourself." Ryoko said, dumping the small bundle into
Sasami's arms.
	"Wow!  Another cabbit!  Oh, and he has shades and a jacket.  He's so 
sweet!  What's his name."
	"Masa-ohki."
	Masa-ohki miya'd excitedly at the young princess.
	"Hello Masa-ohki." Sasami giggled.  Masa-ohki sighed.  "Hey, Ryo-ohki!
Come meet your new friend, Masa-ohki.  Ryo-ohki?" Ryo-ohki, who until now was
passing a ball back and forth with Ayechi, was now hiding behind the couch.
"What's wrong with Ryo-ohki?"
	"How adorable." Washu smiled.
	"What?  What's adorable?"
	"Ryo-ohki's shy.  She thinks Masa-ohki is cute." Ryo-ohki slowly edged
forward.
	"Oh, Ryo-ohki.  Can you go get Tenchi?  I need some carrots for lunch."
	"Miya!" Ryo-ohki cried.
	"Take Masa-ohki with you." Washu said.  "You'll have to teach him the
ropes.  Go on, Masa-ohki."
	Ryo-ohki miya'd to Masa-ohki, who sighed and followed her.  Ryo-ohki
bumbed into the door, and tumbled backwards into Masa-ohki.  Ryo-ohki miya'd 
some more, and then jumped through the door.  Masa-ohki hesitated, and then 
followed suit.


	"Sasami!" Tenchi called as he slid the door open.  "We're home."
	"Oh, hello Tenchi.  Have you met Masa-ohki?"
	"Yup.  Cute little guy.  A bit excitable though."  Tenchi frowned upon
seeing the tiara still resting on Sasami's forehead.  "Hasn't Ayeka gotten back
yet?"
	"Nope.  Not yet.  But she can handle herself, and she has Mihoshi with
her.  So don't worry about it."
	"Really, that girl is nothing but trouble." Ryoko said as she teleported
in, Ayechi in her arms.  Ayechi giggled as Tenchi picked him up.  "I don't know
what you see in her."
	The door slid open again as Yumi and Katsuhito entered.
	"Hello Grandpa!" Sasami cheered.  "Hello Yumi!"
	"Hello Sasami." Yumi glanced around the room.  "Has anybody seen Masami?
Today's his day off, and he didn't mention anything about not coming."
	"I saw him this morning, but then he disappeared."
	"Well, he delivered some supplies to Ryoko and me." Washu said as she
stepped out of the lab.  "But then some urgent business came up and he had to
go."
	"Miya!" Masa-ohki growled.
	"Oh." Yumi exclaimed, noticing the new cabbit.  "And who is this?"
	"That's Masa-ohki.  Isn't he cute?"
	"Adorable."
	"Lunch is ready."
	The crew gathered around and began to eat.  Masa-ohki sat on the table
in front of Ryo-ohki, who had a large plate of carrots.
	"Carrot." She smiled as she handed Masa-ohki a carrot.
	"Try it." Sasami smiled.  "You'll love it.  I promise."
	Masa-ohki sighed and took a bite out of the carrot.  He miya'd in
surprise and wolfed down the rest.
	"See?  I told you.  Hey, Tenchi.  Where do you suppose Masami went?"
	"I don't know.  Maybe he's getting one of his manga's published."
	"Really?  You think so?" Sasami asked excitedly.
	"Yeah right." Tenchi laughed.  "As if he could ever get any of his-ow!"
	"No, Masa-ohki!" Sasami cried.  "Don't bite people!  It's not nice."
	"What's so funny, you two?" Tenchi asked Ryoko and Washu, who were
trying to hide their giggling.
	"Oh, nothing really."
	"We'd best get back to the shrine.  Don't forget practice this 
afternoon, Tenchi.  Hurry up, Yumi."
	"Coming, sir.  Come keep me company Masa-ohki." Yumi laughed as she put
Masa-ohki on top of her head.  Yumi hurried out after Katsuhito, with Masa-ohki
struggling to keep his balance.
	"So, how are the tests with Ayechi going?" Tenchi asked as he tried to
get Ayechi to eat his food.
	"Well, we don't have any proof either way, but I'm almost positive that
the kid inherited your Light Hawk Wings.  I'm hoping a modified version of the
standard Juraian training will allow him to summon them at will.  Adding the
innate skill and power he inheritted from Ayeka, we'll have one of the most
powerful warriors ever."
	"Not as powerful as mine would be." Ryoko smiled.
	"If your theory is correct that is." Washu said.
	"By combining the powers of the Light Hawk Wings with my gems, we'd have
a power like the world has never seen."
	"That's assuming that your gene-pool wouldn't offset the genetic
balance that allows the Light Hawk Wings in the first place."
	"Well, there's only one way to find out." Ryoko smiled seductively at
Tenchi.
	"Ryoko!  For the last time, I am not going to have an affair with you!"
	"But, Tenchi.  It's in the name of science."
	"I don't care what you call it, I'm still not sleeping with you."

	"Done!" Yumi cried triumphantly as she placed the last paper in the 
pile.
	"Miya!" Masa-ohki cried in congradulations.
	"Thanks Masa-ohki.  You've been excellent company.  But still, I wonder
where Masami went."
	"Miya!  Miya, miya, miya!"
	"Gee, your excitable.  You're right.  He's probably fine."
	"Miya." Masa-ohki sighed in defeat.
	Yumi sat watching the skies for awhile, absently strohking Masa-ohki's
head.
	"I hope he's alright.  He's become such a presence in my life, it's
hard adjusting when he's not around.  I know it's most likely nothing, but I
can't stop thinking about him."
	"Miya!" Masa-ohki cried in alarm.  Yumi glanced over, and rolled away.
Katsuhito's fist smashed the wooden step she was sitting on a moment ago.
	"You're losing you're edge, Yumi."
	"I had something on my mind."
	"Real battle won't wait for you to settle things at home.  Now come.
I have an important task for you to do."

	Tenchi tensed as he climbed the stairs to the shrine.  His grandfather
often attacked him from ambush, testing his alertness.
	To Tenchi's relief, Katsuhito sat on the step of the office.  Tenchi
relaxed slightly as he resumed walking.
	With a cry, Yumi dropped from her position in the sakuya tree.  She
grabbed onto a low hanging branch, flipping around it and slamming feet first
into Tenchi.  Tenchi was knocked forward, and crashed to the ground several feet
away.  Yumi's momentum carried her and she landed gracefully on top of the 
branch.
	"Hmprhmph!" Tenchi yelled as he tried to pull his face out of the dirt.
	"You dropped your guard Tenchi." Katsuhito sighed.  "You must be alert
at all times, and be able to switch into a combative mindset at a moments 
notice."
	"But I saw you sitting there.  I wasn't expecting Yumi to-"
	"Do not let an opponent's inactivity lure you into false security.  The
unseen opponent is twice as deadly when you do."  Katsuhito tossed Tenchi a
bokken as he stood up.  Tenchi caught it, spun it around, and dropped into a
fighting stance.  Katsuhito breathed deeply and held his bokken high.  Tenchi
twitched slightly, waiting for the first strike.
	With incredible speed, Katsuhito hurled his bokken through the air.
Tenchi barely dodged it as it went hurtling past him.  Tenchi turned back to his
now weaponless master.
	"But Grandpa.  How will you fight now?"
	In response, Katsuhito merely pointed behind Tenchi.  Tenchi turned
around to see Yumi speeding towards him.  He moved to block, but Yumi's foot
caught him in the chest.  Her force slammed Tenchi to the ground again.  Tenchi
was crushed between Yumi's foot and the ground for a second, before Yumi flipped
off of him and landed a few feet away.  She spun around and brought up 
Katsuhito's bokken in anticipation.
	"You focus too much on the obvious threat Tenchi, what your enemies want
you to see.  Yumi will be your opponent today.  Now.  Ready?  Fight!"
	The two clashed back and forth, while Katsuhito commented on their
fighting skills.  After a long while, Tenchi managed to pin one of Yumi's
attacks with his bokken.  He lashed out with a kick, sending Yumi tumbling over 
the short dropoff at the edge of the shrine's land.
	"Miya!" Masa-ohki raced over to Yumi.
	"I'm alright, Masa-ohki." She groaned as she stood up.
	"Very good, Tenchi.  Yumi.  Do not put so much force behind your swings.
They will still hurt, and you will not leave yourself so open.  Now, go deliver
those forms.  I must talk with Tenchi."
	"Yes, sir." Yumi bowed.
	"Oh," Tenchi called after her.  "Take Masa-ohki with you.  Washu needs
to run some final tests on him."
	"Alright.  Come on Masa-ohki.  Race you!"
	Katsuhito watched until Yumi and Masa-ohki were out of sight.  Then he
turned to Tenchi.
	"Tenchi.  Your performance has fallen considerably over the past year or
so.  You seem to be just as good as ever, but not willing to really try.  I
thought it might have been Ryoko's absence, but she has been here for a month
and you have shown no signs of improvement."
	"Yeah, well, I guess I just got tired of it all." Tenchi said as he
picked up a rag and started absently washing the railing.
	"You've been training for fifteen years.  Why do you tire of it now?"
	"Well, it was different before.  Then it was just you and me, it was
just a tradition of the shrine.  Now, it's so much more.  Now it's more like a 
fight for survival, mine and those around me.  I'm not sure I want to do this 
anymore."
	"Tenchi." Katsuhito said reassuringly.  "Things are not as different as
you think."
	"I killed a man!" Tenchi burst out, throwing the rag to the ground.  "I 
committed murder before I was even eighteen!"
	"Kagato was an evil creature who threatened the lives of billions of
innocent people." Kagoto snapped as he glanced up at Tenchi, light bouncing off
his glasses.  The comforting tone of Katsuhito's voice was replaced by one of
utter contempt and hatred.  "He deserved ten times the fate he received."
	"That doesn't change anything!" Tenchi yelled through his tears, slamming 
his hands on the railing.  "That doesn't change the fact that I, knowingly and 
willingly, took a life.  Just because he was evil doesn't change the fact that
he was alive, until I killed him.  It doesn't change anything."
	"Listen to me!" Katsuhito growled as he grabbed Tenchi and held him
fast.  "You did what you had to do!  Kagato forced you to kill him.  He is more
responsible for his own death than you are.  You were fighting for the freedom
of these girls.  These things happen, I'm afraid."
	"And how many times will 'these things' happen?" Tenchi snapped, breaking 
out of his grandfather's grip.  "After Kagato came Dr. Clay, and then Ohtsuka.
How many more will there be?  How long will I be fighting?  I'm going to live
for thousands of years.  How many more will I be forced to fight, to kill?"
	"I do not know the answer to your questions.  I'm sorry."
	"Well I don't want to fight anymore!  I just want to live in peace with
my wife and my son, my family and my friends.  Why do I have to fight for such
simple things?"
	"I am sorry, Tenchi, but unfortunately, that's how this world is
sometimes.  I wish it were otherwise."
	"I don't want to fight anymore." Tenchi sobbed as he dropped to his
knees.  "I don't want to fight.  I don't want to kill again."
	Katsuhito placed a comforting hand on Tenchi's shoulder as he wished the
world was different than how it was.  It was all he could do.

	"Well, that's the last test." Washu said with a satisfied smirk.  "A
fantastic success.  Of course that's nothing surprising when you're dealing with
the number one scientific mind in the universe.  Alright Ryoko, let's change him
back to normal."
	"Masami was never normal." Ryoko laughed.  Masa-ohki hissed at her.  
"Oh, just get in the chamber." Masa-ohki hopped into the chamber and Ryoko swung 
it shut.  Energy started flowing through the chamber.
	"Um, Mom?" Ryoko said, a bit confused.
	"Yes, deary?"
	"It's not working."
	"What?"
	"The Masses aren't splitting off.  They won't leave his body."
	"Let me see!" Washu raced over to the control panel.  "I don't see
why...Oh."
	"What?"
	"The Masses completely integrated themselves into Masami's body.  They
can't be removed."
	"Miya?"
	"No, you're not stuck as a cabbit forever.  Just wait a minute." Washu
typed in a command on her computer and with a pop, Masami was himself again.
	"Number one scientific mind in the universe, huh?"
	"The experiment failed." Ryoko sighed.  "He hasn't learned any manners
at all."
	"Who said the experiment is over?" Washu grinned.
	Masami bolted out of the lab, leaving Washu and Ryoko in fits of
laughter.

	"Masami!" Ayechi giggled as Masami tore through the lab door.  Yumi and
Sasami glanced up from the grocery list Sasami was making for Yumi.
	"Masami!" Sasami waved.  "When'd you get here?  Is something wrong?
Where's Masa-ohki?"
	"He's right in front of you." Ryoko said as she phased in behind Masami.
	"Really, where?" Sasami looked around.  "I don't see him anywhere."
	"Just watch." Ryoko laughed, as she shoved Masami forward.
	"Miya!" Masami yelped as he jacknifed over the back of the couch.  
Sasami ran up and glanced over.  There, on the cushion, sat Masa-ohki.
	"Masami is Masa-ohki?" Sasami asked.  Masa-ohki popped back into Masami.
	"Unfortunately, yes."
	"Cool!  Can I be a cabbit too?"
	"Sorry Sasami," Washu said as she stepped out of the lab.  "But the
experiment turned out to be more expensive than planned.  Besides, I don't think
Tsunami would be happy."
	"Rats!"
	The slamming of the door announced Yumi's exit.

	"Do you see anything?" Ayeka called up the tree.  They had been out for
hours and Ayeka was hungry, tired, and very upset.
	"No, not yet." Mihoshi replied from her precarious perch at the top of
a very tall tree.  "Wait...I think I see something." Mihoshi leaned forward as
far as she could go.
	It was, of course, at this point that Mihoshi's wrist computer detected
a large energy reaction and informed Mihoshi of it's discovery by beeping as
loud as it could.  Mihoshi did the only logical thing she could do.
	"Wah!" She screamed as she lost her balance and fell out of the tree.
	"Mihoshi!" Ayeka cried.  Mihoshi flapped her arms frantically as she
fell.  At the last minute, she managed to catch a branch, stopping her only ten
feet from the ground.
	"Whew." Mihoshi sighed.  With a loud snap the branch gave way and
Mihoshi crashed to the ground.  The branch teetered on the bits of wood still
attached to the tree before it fell, striking Mihoshi square on the back of the
head.
	"Mihoshi!  Are you alright?"
	"Ow..." Mihoshi replied.
	"What happened?" Ayeka asked as she helped Mihoshi to her feet.
	"This went off." Mihoshi said.  "It detected a large scale reaction."
	"Really?" Ayeka said excitedly.  "Where?"
	"Okay, let me see.  We've got a large scale energy reaction quite a ways 
north of here.  Scanners detect that it's Juraian energy."
	"Oh no.  They might be in trouble!"
	"Your right!  Let's hurry." Mihoshi raced off.
	"Mihoshi!" Ayeka called out.
	"What?"
	"North is that way."

	Back near the house, Yumi powered down and stared at what once was a
tree but now was merely sawdust.  How could she be so stupid.  Here she was
all worried about Masami, and that jerk was there the whole time.  He heard
every word of it.  Now she must seem like a complete idiot to him.  Why should
she even care?  Yet she did.
	Yumi shattered another tree as she began her slow walk into town.

	Evening came, and the sun set, casting rainbow hue's across the land.
Tenchi was painting with Ayechi and Ryoko.  Washu was in the lab.  Masami had
left for home, and Yumi hadn't returned from her trip into town yet.  Nobiyuki
was watching the news, and Sasami and Ryo-ohki were putting the finishing 
touches on dinner.  Ayeka and Mihoshi were still missing.
	"Sasami!  Sasami!" Yumi yelled as she burst into the house, an
exhausted Mihoshi in tow.
	"Yumi!  What is it?"
	"It's...Ayeka..." Yumi panted.  "I ran into her with Mihoshi just a ways 
away.  She's passed out in the woods.  We don't know what's wrong with her!"
	"Ayeka!" Sasami cried as she bolted from the house, Ryo-ohki right 
behind her.  She peered through the darkness trying to spot her fallen sister.
	A soft click echoed in her ears, as the tiara on her head was unfastened
and removed.  Sasami turned around to see Ayeka running into the house, holding
the wooden crown in her hand.  Yumi and Mihoshi stood in the doorway with wide
smiles.  Sasami chased after her, but was too slow. Ayeka slid the door closed,
and with another soft click, Sasami was trapped outside.
	"Miya?" Ryo-ohki cried in confusion.
	"Hey!  Let me in!" Sasami called, pounding on the door.
	"Don't worry Sasami." Ayeka said, leaning out the window, her tiara
once again in it's proper place.  "I can finish preparing dinner for you."
	"C'mon Ayeka." Sasami pleaded.  "You can't leave Ryo-ohki and me out
here."
	"You're right." Ayeka smiled.  "Come here Ryo-ohki." Ayeka reached out
and picked Ryo-ohki up, carefully placing the cabbit on her head.
	"Oh, good." Nobiyuki said upon spying Ayeka.  "You're back.  That's a
relief, because the weather forecast said it's going to get pretty cold out
there.  We should close all the windows."
	"Good idea, Lord Nobiyuki." Ayeka said as she slid the kitchen window
closed.  "Could you go tell the others that dinner is ready."

	

	Sasami stood in a strange forest.  It seemed like she was on a Juraian
tree-ship, but the plants were all black and withered and moved with an eerie
rythm  She glanced desperately around for something familiar.
	"Tenchi?  Ayeka?  Anybody?" She called out.
	A soft giggle drew her attention.  Ayechi crawled across the blackness,
away from Sasami.
	"Ayechi!  Come here.  It's dangerous here." Sasami started chasing after
the baby, but the plants clawed at her robes and tripped her feet, and the
distance between them was growing.
	Then, a black figure stepped out and plucked the child from the ground.
	"Ayechi!" Sasami raced towards the figure.  He looked up, and Sasami
gasped.  It was Tenchi.  And yet it was not Tenchi.  The not-Tenchi stared with
an evil flame in his eyes and a cruel sneer on his lips.  He wore the mantle of
the Light Hawk, except it was black instead of white.  He held the now crying
baby in slender, clawed hands.
	"Yumi." Sasami called, not even knowing why she called her name, rather
than another's.  "Yumi, please stop him.  Please!  Yumi!"
	The figure leapt towards Sasami withering into a skeleton as it reached
for her with it's black claws.
	Sasami twisted and turned desperately in her sweat-soaked sleep, her
emblem glowing brightly.
	Across the hall, Yumi also tossed and turned in her sleep.  Her star
shaped emblem began to glow, before being washed over with a darkness which
blocked all light.
	And although neither of them cold be heard, they both began to chant.
And although they could not hear eachother, they chanted in unison, with their
fear filled whispers:
	"Blood to blood, and tree to tree,
	The fate befallen to you is befallen to me.
	All that is me is at your dispose,
	I'll be your sword to vanquish your foes.
	We are one, seen as two in this simple world,
	Traveling the same path on the mortal coil."

	As Sasami dropped into a deeper sleep, Yumi continued to writhe in her
sleep, as whisps of pure darkness flowed to and from through her emblem.  And
she continued to chant:
	"Blood to blood, and tree to tree,
	The fate befallen to you is befallen to me.
	All that is me is at your dispose,
	I'll be your sword to vanquish your foes.
	We are one, seen as two in this simple world,
	Traveling the same path on the mortal coil."
