disclaimer - i dont own tenchi or anything about tenchi so dont sue me
pioneer or you either AIC

The coming months went by quickly.  Chad had went back to high school in
order to finish.  Ryoko and Tenchi got their own house.  Everything was
peaceful.

(Ayeka) Chad! You are going to be late for the bus on your first day back!
(Chad) Cant I just fly?
(Washu) No!!!
(Chad) Oh ok. I get the point.
(Sasami) Here Chad, I packed ya lunch.
(Chad) Thanks. [Chad quickly ran out of the house in order to catch the bus]
(Washu) I think ill go invent a super loud alarm clock for him. [Ayeka and
Sasami laughed]

At school…
(Teacher talking to class) Today, we are happy to welcome back a student.
[Chad walked into his classroom]
(Teacher) Chad, please take the seat back there.
(Chad) Yea I know.  [everyone was stunned to see Chad back and he had a new
look]
(Teacher) Today we will learn about the religions of the Middle East.

The rest of the day went by normal at school.  Like he did before, he kept
quiet most of the day.  Chad went to the bus and got home.

(Ryoko) Look who's home.
(Chad) Hi Ryoko.  What are you doing here?
(Ryoko) What?  Cant a girl come and see her family?
(Chad) Well I wont hold it against you. [Chad was about to pass her when he
was tackled]
(Ryoko) What I don't even get a hug?
(Chad)  You could have just asked! [Ryoko smiled and picked Chad up]
(Ryoko) Ill race ya!
(Chad) You're on! [they quickly went to the sky and raced back to the house
where they were scolded by Washu]
(Washu) How many times did I tell you two to not fly?
(Chad) She started it!
(Ryoko) Did not!
(Tenchi) You two act like your brother and sister! [Ryoko flew over to
Tenchi
]
(Ryoko) Well, we kinda are.  I mean, he does have my powers!

They walked into the house where it was time for dinner.  Sasami had once
again cooked a great meal.  Everybody ate.  After dinner, Chad went up to
his
room to do his homework.  Everybody else was in the living room talking.

(Tenchi) So how is Chad doing lately?
(Kiyone) He is doing good.  HE went back to school today.
(Tenchi) Yea I heard.  I hope he will be able to fit in this time.

Chad finished his work so he decided to go outside for a couple of minutes.
HE took a photo album to look at.  In it were pictures from life back in New
York and there were many others from his new life here in Japan.  In the
back
of the book were the pictures that he and Ryoko took on their date.

(Ryoko) Hey what are you looking at there?
(Chad) Huh? Oh hi Ryoko.  Nothing really just some pictures.
(Ryoko) How did those pictures come out?
(Chad blushing) Oh, they uh came out good. [Ryoko sat down next to Chad]  I
made you a copy of one of the pictures. [he handed her a picture of them two
in the hotel smiling]
(Ryoko looking at the photo) Thanks.
(Chad) Hey Ryoko, when I was in love with you.  Did you ever see me as being
a boyfriend?
(Ryoko) Yep.  One of the best a girl could ever ask for.
(Chad) Thanks.  [they stayed there for about an hour until Ryoko and Tenchi
had to go home]
(Chad) See ya later Ryoko!
(Ryoko) Bye! [she gave him a kiss on the cheek and left.  Chad just put his
hand on his cheek and smiled]
(Tenchi) What was that about?
(Ryoko) Nothing.  Just saying bye to a friend.

Tenchi and Ryoko left to go back home while Chad went into the house.

(Mihoshi) Hey Chad, come watch some TV with us.
(Chad) Sure. [he sat down and the five girls and him watched TV.  After an
hour Chad stood up]
(Chad) Well, I gotta get up early tomorrow.  So goodnight.
(everybody else) Goodnight.

Chad walked up to his room.  He placed the photo album down and proceeded to
go straight to bed. HE woke up the next morning at around 5am.  IT would be
hours before the bus came so Chad decided to go for a walk.  On the walk
Chad
started to think about his life and new life here in Japan.  After a very
long walk, Chad had returned home to get ready for school.  HE left and went
to school.

Back at the house…
(Ayeka) Sasami, Are you packed yet?
(Sasami) Why do we have to go back to Jurai?  I like it here.
(Ayeka) We are royal princesses.  We need to be on Jurai in case anything
happens.  Besides, im sure we will come back to earth in a month or two.
(Sasami) Okay.

When Chad got home he saw a spaceship landing near the house.  HE didn't
know
what kind of spaceship it was or who it belonged to so he quickly flew home
with a beam sword in hand.  Chad got home quickly to see Ayeka and Sasami
boarding a ship.

(Chad) Ayeka, Sasami! Where are you going? [Chad deactivated his sword and
landed]
(Ayeka) I'm sorry for not telling you but we have to go back to Jurai.  We
will be back within months.
(Chad) Okay.  Well take care you two.
(Ayeka) You too Chad. [Chad hugged them both]
(Sasami) Bye Chad! [they boarded the ship and left]

Chad went back into the house and sat down in the living room.

(Washu) Hey Chad.
(Chad) Hi little Washu.  What's up? [Washu sat down next to Chad]
(Washu) Nothing really you?
(Chad) Same.  Where is Kiyone and Mihoshi?
(Washu) OH, they went back to head-quarters.  They said they will be back
soon.  Oh well, I gotta get ready to leave myself.  With Ryoko and Tenchi
gone on another honeymoon.  I have nothing to do.
(Chad) What?  Washu, please don't tell me your leaving too.  You cant leave.
Ill be here all alone.
(Washu) I'm just kidding.  Why would I want to leave my favorite and very
cooperative science rat?
(Chad) Ha Ha.  Very funny.  So what do you want to do for dinner now its
just
you and me?
(Washu) Wanna go out to dinner?
(Chad) Sure, let me go get ready.  [Chad went upstairs to go get ready while
Washu went to her lab]

Chad walked down an hour later dressed up and ready to go.  HE called out
for
Washu when all of a sudden a portal opened in front of him.  Washu stepped
out and Chad's jaw immediately dropped at the sight of her.  She was wearing
a tight pink dress to match her hair.  Not only did she look beautiful,  but
she also changed her age making her look 17.

(Washu) You look like you have seen a ghost.
(Chad drooling) Uh, you uh ready to go?
(Washu) Yep! [she placed an arm around Chad and they left for dinner.]

They arrived at a nice restaurant and they went in.  They sat down and
ordered.

(Chad thinking to himself) God she is beautiful!
(Washu blushing) You think I'm beautiful?
(Chad) What?  How did you know I was thinking that?
(Washu) Well, I forgot to tell you.  Along with your powers that you know
about,  There is one that you don't.  Ryoko and I have a mental link so
since
you have her powers, you have the link with me too.
(Chad) Well, I guess I might have to start thinking before I think. [Washu
started to laugh.]

The food came and they started to eat.  Chad tried not to embarrass himself
by thinking anything else.  Towards the end of the night, Washu and Chad
were
really tired so they decided to go home.  They reached the house and went
in.
 Just before the two of them separated for the night, Washu asked Chad
something.

(Washu) Chad, you never answered my question.  Do you rally think I'm
beautiful?
(Chad) Of coarse you are.  You are very beautiful indeed.
(Washu) That was a great answer. [she kissed him on the cheek and walked
into
her lab.]

Chad walked up to his room.  He got undressed and was about to go to bed
when
Washu was standing in his doorway.

(Chad) Washu?  I thought you went to bed?
(Washu) Well, I forgot to wish you goodnight.
(Chad) Well, goodnight Washu. [Chad got into his bed.  Washu walked up next
to the bed, tucked Chad in and gave him a kiss on his forehead.]
(Washu) Pleasant dreams Chad.
(Chad) You too Washu.

Washu went back down to her lab and fell asleep.  The next day Chad didn't
have school so he slept in. Washu was in the den thinking about their outing
last night.  Then she asked herself how long does this kid need to sleep
for.
 She decided to wake him up through their link.

(Washu) GET UP!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Washu heard a loud thump on the ground and saw
Chad walk out of his room]
(Washu) Good you are up.
(Chad) Couldn't you just shake me instead of screaming in my head?
(Washu) Well, where would the fun be in that? [Chad laughed]

Chad walked into the kitchen and began to cook breakfast for the two of
them.
 He had made some omelets and pancakes.

(Chad) Come and get it Washu!
(Washu) Coming. [Washu walked into the kitchen]  Breakfast looks great.
(Chad) Thanks.  Dig in.

They began to eat breakfast and they started to talk.  Midway through the
meal, Washu looked at Chad's forehead and began to giggle.

(Chad) What's so funny?
(Washu trying to hold back her laughter) Oh its nothing. [after she spoke
she
went straight into more laughter] [Chad got up and walked over to a mirror.
He looked at his face and saw red lipstick from that kiss last night on his
head.]

Chad walked into the kitchen and rinsed off his face.  He came back to the
table where Washu was finishing up her meal.

(Washu) Thanks for breakfast.  It was great.
(Chad) No problem.
(Washu) Can you come in with me to my lab.  I need some help with something.
(Chad) Sure, you go ahead.  Ill just clean up here. [Washu went into her lab
while Chad cleaned up.  After, he went into the lab like he promised and
looked around for Washu. ]  Are you in here Washu?
(Washu) Yea ill be right there.  Go sit on the table.
(Chad) okay.

Washu came out of the room.  She changed her age to a mid 20's and was
wearing a nurses outfit that was too many sizes to small.  Chad had been
turned on by this site but he hid it from her.

(Washu) Okay, I'm just going to run some tests.
(Chad swallowing hard) Okay.

Washu walked over to another part of the lab and bent over in front of Chad.
Chad couldn't help but look at her as she bent down.  She came back up with
a
tray of medical equipment.

(Washu) Okay.  Now lay down so I can run some tests.
(Chad) Okay.  [Chad laid down.]
(Washu) Now hold out your arm. [Chad did so and she took some blood]  Now
take off your pants so I can examine you.
(Chad) Excuse me?
(Washu) Well, I have to check if your skin isn't reacting negatively to any
chemicals. [Chad reluctantly took off his pants.  Washu blushed]  Ok now all
I need is a sperm sample.
(Chad) A what?!?
(Washu) Well, since I cant get one from Tenchi, I need to go to you.
(Chad) What makes you think I'm going to give you sperm sample.
(Washu) Well, either you give me the sample or I use surgery to get it out.
(Chad) Alright.  Just point me to a separate room. [Washu pointed to the
back.]
(Washu) Here take this. [she handed him a video and he took it and went back
to the room.  HE popped the video in and watched a minute of it before
fainting.  IT was a video of all six girls in the onsen.]

Chad had awaken later.  HE awoke to see Washu back to her child form in
casual clothes.

(Washu) Good. You are awake.  Now I can get that sample.
(Chad) Oh no you don't.  They only female that is getting my sample is my
wife.
(Washu) Party-pooper.
(Chad) Let me go cook some lunch. [Chad left to go cook lunch while Washu
started to think]

After lunch, Chad went up to do his homework while Washu called up Ryoko at
their hotel.

(Washu) How is my daughter on her 2nd honeymoon?
(Ryoko) Okay,  what is it that you want Mom?
(Washu) Well, I'm trying to get Chad to like me.
(Ryoko) MOM!!!!!!!!!!
(Washu) What, you're married.  Can you just help me please?
(Ryoko) Mom, please for my sake.  I dont want you trying to seduce a man
that
i onced like myslef.  It would be too creepy.
(Washu) Fine I wont try to seduce him.  Happy now?
(Ryoko) Thanks mom. I gotta go bye.
(Washu) Bye.

Washu walked out of her lab to see Chad sitting on the couch.

(Chad) Hi Washu.
(Washu) Hi Chad.  I wanna say sorry for doing that earlier.
(Chad) Don't apologize.  I should be the one to apologize because I got mad
at you.
(Washu) Well, how about were both sorry okay?
(Chad) Okay.  Do you want to sit down?
(Washu) Sure.

before she sat down, she turned herself to a 17yr old.  She knew Chad didn't
mind her like that.  She sat down right next to Chad.  After a while of
watching TV, she laid her head on his shoulder.  Chad then put his arm
around
Washu caressing her.  They just sat there and watched TV.  Later, Washu fell
asleep on Chad's shoulder so Chad grabbed a pillow, placed it under her head
and got a blanket for her.  He then kissed her on the forehead and went to
the other chair.

*authorz notes* working on part 9 so give me some time
