Disclaimer:  The characters in this fic are property of AIC and 
Pioneer.  Enjoy the story, and try to stay with it.  As always, even I 
never know where my stories are going until the very end.  


Tenchi Muyo!
The Last


	"I am alone.  I am the darkness.  I am the last.  I will do 
anything to survive.  Anything!"
***
	Tenchi admired the tall buildings of Tokyo.  The streets were 
crowded, and the heat from the sun was almost nonexistent with the 
coming of winter.  Exactly six months have gone since his decision.  A 
decision that he learned to hate and regret, that decision changed his 
and the others around him forever.  

	Ayeka denied her title and Sasami was next in line for the 
throne.  Sasami was about to do the same, but his decision changed her 
mind.  How she seemed to hate him on that day.  Mihoshi and Kiyone are 
gone on an important case.  Their mission was to convict and kill a 
deadly killer.  Washu remained in her lab as usual.  She seemed to be 
okay, but her since of humor was gone.  It was amazing that how one 
decision could change all of their lives so quickly.  

	"Why?" he whispered to himself and relived the worst day of his 
life.
***
  	Tenchi flared with anger at the woman that rested at his feet.  
This was the last straw.  "Ryoko!" he screamed in rage.  "You have 
embarrassed and disgraced me for the last time," he roared.  His hands 
were tossed into the air as if he was trying to hit something.  His 
skin was solid red with anger.  "You are finished," he hissed and 
pulled the laughing, red-faced Ryoko by her hair.  

	Ryoko dropped the sake bottle in her hands and screamed as he 
pulled her off of the ground.  "Tenchi!" she raged like a wild animal.  
"Don't, I'm sorry," she screamed.

	"Not this time.  I want you out of my house," he snarled 
struggling to pull her to the front gate.

	"No!" Sasami screamed in tears.  "Tenchi, she didn't mean too.  
Just let her go.  She said she was sorry!"  She cried.

	Ayeka watched in horror.  "Tenchi," she spoke out.  "This is not 
right.  I don't like her, but this is a mistake," she yelled over their 
fighting.

	"I don't care.  She is gone," he yelled in fury and swung her by 
her hair to the front of the gate.  Ryoko screamed in rage.  She 
twisted her closed fist and punched Tenchi in the stomach.  He flew to 
the ground and looked at her in disbelief.  She was roaring like an 
insane beast.

	"Tenchi don't," Ayeka screamed in worry.  "She didn't mean too.  
It was self defense," she cried out.  Ryoko starred at everyone slowly 
calming down and ran wobbly in her drunken state into the woods.  

	"Ryo-Ohki, after her," Ayeka hollered.

	Tenchi rubbed his burning chest were she hit him and looked back, 
"Yes, Ryo-Ohki, go after her and bring her back," he said 
compromisingly.  The little cabbit kicked her feet into the air and ran 
quickly into the woods.

	"I hate you, Tenchi!" Sasami screamed in anger and ran back 
inside leaving a trail of tears in the fresh green grass.  Tenchi could 
only sit on the ground and wonder what just happened.
***
	One week later.

	Sasami hasn't said a word and now she was leaving for Jurai.  She 
contacted Jurai as soon as she ran inside that day.  They were helping 
her with her bags.  Soldiers swarmed the shrine as Sasami hugged her 
sister goodbye.  Ryo-Ohki rested on her shoulder.  She seemed sad.  The 
poor cabbit has been searching for Ryoko for three days, but with no 
luck.  

	"Take care, Sasami," Ayeka cried wearily hugging her sister 
tight.

	"I will," she said sadly.  "I will correct his mistake and bring 
Ryoko back.  At least as the new first princess, I can use our 
resources to find her," she smiled.

	Ayeka looked puzzled and asked, "do you care for her that much?"

	"Yes, I do, Ayeka.  She has no one else to care for her, and that 
is why I do so much.  I try to be friends with those that need it, and 
right now Ryoko needs it more than anybody.  I will find here," she 
promised and kissed her sister on the cheek.  "Farewell, Ayeka," she 
sniffed trying to hold back the tears.  Sasami turned around slowly and 
walked like the princess she became up the ramp of the ship.  She 
turned at the top and waved to all of her friends a final goodbye.  

	"I will always miss you all, and I forgive you, Tenchi," she 
hollered over the engines.  

	"Come visit, us," he yelled back.  Sasami gave a huge smile and a 
slight nod as she entered the ship.

	The family watched as the huge vessel took to the sky and 
vanished in a heap of blue lights as it flew out of the earth.

	"Goodbye, Sasami," Tenchi said sadly.
***
Three Months later.

	Tenchi looked at the empty house.  Kiyone and Mihoshi left 
yesterday.  There were unbelievable reports of Ryoko destroying planets 
and killing lives for the hell of it.  They left to find her and kill 
her.  He tried to stop them, but orders were orders.  

	"You're a strong person, Ryoko.  You wouldn't go that crazy, 
would you?" he asked the ceiling above him.

	"How could it be her?" Ayeka asked from behind him.

	"How?" he asked in surprise.

	"How long have I been standing here?" she finished his sentence 
with a sincere smile.  She took a step forward and waved away strands 
of her now short purple hair back.  She gave up her throne those months 
ago and took to wearing the clothes and styles of the Earth.  "Long 
enough, to answer your doubts," she spoke up.  "Ryoko can't be behind 
those massacres.  Ryo-Ohki is with Sasami, so Ryoko doesn't have a 
ship.  She has to be somewhere on this planet," she explained with a 
warm smile.

	"You're right," he smiled back.  "I just hope she is okay 
wherever she is."

	Ayeka looked up at the empty beam in sadness.  "Keep living, 
Ryoko," she said and jumped at a loud knock on the door.  

	"I will get it," Tenchi said and ran to the front door.  He 
opened it and immediately leaped back in horror.  Ayeka took a few 
steps to see who was at the door and almost did the same.  The man at 
the door was huge.  He was too tall to step into the door, and wide.  
Every part of his body seemed to be covered in one hundred pounds of 
muscle.  His jaw and head were the size of an ox's head.  	

	"I am here to ask some questions," came the man's low, but 
superior voice.  "Cooperate, or I will have no choice, but to use 
force," he smiled lifting his fist even with Tenchi's head.  Tenchi 
almost feinted as he realized that the fist was bigger than his head.

	"Where is Ryoko?" he asked sternly.

	"We don't know," Tenchi mumbled out in fear.

	"I don't believe you," he said with doubt and raised his fist in 
the air. 

	"It's the truth," Tenchi screamed for his life.

	The man stopped and looked at him.  "Very well.  She has to be 
here.  Her cabbit has been on the news with the first princess of 
Jurai.  There is no way for her to leave this pitiful planet," he gave 
a wry grin.  "Especially now that her fee for her death is higher than 
ever."

	"Who are you?" Tenchi asked not liking the karma surrounding the 
big man.

	"All you need to know is that I am a bounty hunter.  Tell Ryoko 
if you see her, that I will hang her head by Tulos' shortly," he smiled 
and turned to leave a shocked Tenchi and Ayeka.  Tenchi ran behind him, 
but froze, as the man was gone.  He was so huge, but he vanished into 
thin air.  

	"Where did he go?" Tenchi asked in worry.  Ryoko was wanted by 
everyone, and he would rather she take on the entire galaxy police 
force than the giant that just threatened his household.    

	"Tenchi, let him go.  We will do Ryoko no good, dying today.  Let 
us prepare to fight before we go," she pleaded from behind. 

	"You're right," he admitted.
***
	Tenchi snapped back from the memory.  He glanced around to notice 
everyone still walking the streets.  He looked around again, but still 
no sign of Ayeka.  They have spent two weeks in Tokyo.  An informant 
hired by Ayeka claims he saw Ryoko, with a blonde headed man.  The man 
had a scar under his bottom lip.  He also claimed that she was 
unconscious and looked terrible. 

	Tenchi tightened his fists.  He glanced up at the sound of 
familiar footsteps.  Tenchi turned around to see the familiar face.  
"Ayeka," he said casually.

	"I found her.  Come," she said slowly.  He followed her around a 
building, some sort of bank.  They turned another corner and appeared 
to be in some sort of alley.  Trash scattered the streets.  Ayeka 
stopped and pointed toward another corner.  Tenchi looked over slowly 
to see Ryoko stand by another man.  They were being confronted by a 
black limo.  A scrawny, but young man with a large black cane stood in 
front of the vehicle.  His eyes covered by his shades.  He smoked 
casually on his cigarette.  His black suit was covered with a black 
trench coat.  Four other guys, wearing similar clothing, were holding 
some sort of semi-automatic weapons.  They stood in front of the man 
with the cane.  Guns were aimed at Ryoko and the blonde man.

	"Come back to me, you two.  You both work for me," spoke the 
strange man.  

	"We are sick of working for you, Jon," she yelled at him.

	"Then, I have no choice.  The galaxy police and the Jurai have 
united to bring my little syndicate down.  Kill them," he ordered and 
walked back to the limo.  The four, armed men raised their guns.

	"Get Down!" Ryoko screamed at her blonde associate.  She leaped 
into the air pushing him to the ground.  Bullets streamed onto the 
cement making high piercing noise as they connected.  Ryoko opened her 
eyes and looked down at the man under her.  "Are you all right?" she 
asked with a small smile. 

	"I am fine," came his calm voice.  "But you are not," he said 
glancing at her arm.  Ryoko looked at what he was looking at to see a 
river of blood flow down her arm.  She shivered in rage.

	"Damnit!" she roared.  Ryoko stood to her feet as a Glock M-17 
long slide, slipped out of the left sleeve of her black leather jacket.  
She grabbed the handle of the huge pistol and back flipped toward her 
enemies.  Ryoko aimed and fired as the surprised men looked on in 
amazement.  One flew on to the hood of the limousine.  He appeared to 
be shot right in the heart.  Ryoko stood straight and released another 
shot which his the man on the far left in the head.  Her eyes glowed in 
hatred as her next shot glided against the man's throat cutting his 
jugular vein.  The man gripped his throat and fell face first onto the 
pavement.  She quickly fired another shot, but didn't know where it 
connected as the man fell to the ground.  

	"That is what you get for shooting a woman, you lousy bastards," 
she spoke angrily and aimed the pistol toward the black vehicle.  "Come 
on out, Jon!" she ordered.  Just as soon as she raised the pistol, the 
headlights flashed.  Ryoko screamed holding her hands over her eyes.  
The limousine backed up on to the street behind it and speed down the 
road.  

	Ryoko wiped violently on her eyes, which were shedding tears due 
to the bright light.  "Lucas," she screamed desperately.  "I can't 
see!"

	The blonde man stepped behind her pulling her towards him.  "It 
will wear off shortly," he said soothingly.  He took her hand and 
pulled her deeper into the alley.  

	Tenchi watched in surprise.  Then, some movement happened where 
the four men lay.  The last one that fell was raising his gun toward 
the walking couple.  Tenchi looked around and saw a brick resting 
beside his feet.  He quickly picked it up, and threw it at the man.  
The man lowered his gun as he tried to make out the dull red object 
that was flying toward him.  He gave a low moan as it crashed into his 
forehead.  He fell to the ground again.  Tenchi watched as Ryoko 
quickly turned around.  Her hand tightened around the gun.  She aimed 
it at the fallen man.

	"RYOKO!" Tenchi yelled.  "What are you doing?  He is unconscious.  
He can't harm you anymore."

	Ryoko's anger flared as her face tightened up.  She pulled the 
trigger and blood gushed out of the man's head.  She turned around and 
continued to walk.  She seemed not to notice that he existed.

	"Ryoko, are you crazy?" Tenchi shouted.  He ran up to her, since 
she wasn't paying attention to him.

	"DON'T!" warned the blonde man and he blocked Tenchi from getting 
to close to her.  

	"What are you doing?" Tenchi asked a little angry, but more 
confused.  "I am her friend." 
 
	"Maybe, but you charge her like that and you would be a dead 
friend," he smiled at the irony.  
	
	"What are you smiling at?" Tenchi asked feeling insulted as Ryoko 
passed them without noticing their argument.

	"Never mind.  You must be Tenchi Masaki," he said with some sort 
of delight.  "I am, Lucas Hike," he bowed in greeting.  

	Tenchi returned the bow.  "A pleasure to meet you," he said 
welcoming, but felt odd returning the greeting.  "Why does she seem so 
cold?" Tenchi asked.

	"You tell me," Lucas replied flatly.  He turned away and followed 
Ryoko.  "Go home," he waved.  "You have no business here."

	"I do if Ryoko is here," Tenchi spoke out.  Ryoko stopped and 
turned around.  Her eyes shined of hatred and bitterness.  

	"Take Ayeka and leave," she said flatly.  "Lucas is right.  You 
have no business here."

	"Ryoko," Tenchi stepped back in fear.  She was full of hate, 
totally different than before.  
	
	"Ryoko, what is wrong with you?  How dare you say that to 
Tenchi!" Ayeka scolded.  

	"He doesn't own me.  Come Lucas, they will be back."
	
	"Of course," he said smiling at Tenchi.  Tenchi starred at him.  
There was something he didn't like about him.  Lucas joined Ryoko and 
they walked deeper into the dark alley.  He watched his Ryoko grabbed 
her blood soaked arm.  

	"Lucas!" she called.  "Poison," she whispered and collapsed to 
her knees.  Lucas immediately picked her up and ran deeper into the 
alley.

	"Hey!" Tenchi hollered.  He looked and nodded toward Ayeka.  They 
both ran after the fleeing couple.  Tenchi stopped as he saw Lucas 
leaning over Ryoko.

	"I should have know the bullets were soaked in poison," she said 
wearily. 

	"Don't speak.  Just rest.  I will get the bullet and poison out," 
he said in his soothing voice.  He pulled out a typical dagger and what 
looked to be some sort of alcoholic drink.  He unscrewed the lid and 
Ryoko opened her mouth.  He allowed her to sip the golden liquid.  
Then, he poured it over the knife.  Lucas took off her jacket and 
ripped her black T-shirt open.  He rested the shirt over her bare 
breast, since he could since that the other guy had followed them.  He 
looked gently in her eyes and poured it on her shoulder.  Ryoko hissed 
in pain.  Trying not to appear weak.  He slowly dug the knife into her 
shoulder, which surprised Tenchi.  Tenchi could have sworn it hit her 
arm.

	Ryoko shivered trying to fight the pain.  She began to moan.  
Tears dropped out of her eyes.  Lucas didn't do anything.  He just kept 
digging for the bullet.  Ryoko began to cry.  

	"I got it," Lucas cheered.  He instantly poured more of the 
alcoholic liquid on the wound.  Ryoko almost screamed, but he pulled 
her into his chest.  Stroking her hair.  "You have been through this 
before.  Relax and breathe.  The worst part is the poison, so bare with 
me," he said hugging her.  He could feel her tears soak his shirt.  
Lucas slowly pulled her away and shook his head in reply as she nodded 
him to continue.  Lucas placed his lips on the wound.  Ryoko screamed 
as he began to suck on the wound.  He pulled away and spit.  Then, went 
back to suck the poison.  Ryoko continued screaming in pain.  He pulled 
away and spit again.  "I think I got it all, but I am going to make 
sure," he smiled caringly.  Ryoko nodded and closed her eyes.  He went 
back down and pulled away, and spit.  Ryoko screamed one last time.  
"You did it," he said hugging her.  Tenchi watched in admiration.  
Lucas ripped his black shirt and bandaged her wound.  He tied it up and 
pulled Ryoko's jacket around her.  He slowly turned to his intruders.  
"I told you to leave," he said harshly.

	"Ryoko is my friend, and we are here to help her.  Sasami left 
after you did," he called to her.  "So did Mihoshi and Kiyone, they are 
out for your arrest as well as the Jurians now.  I thought there was an 
imposter, but now I don't know what to think."

	"Why are they after me?" Ryoko asked.  Her hand rested on her 
knee as she starred at the ground.  

	"You have destroyed twenty-eight planets, and nine hundred 
billion are dead.  For God's sake, they want your head.  Although, they 
don't think they can kill you, since you have surpassed Kain's record," 
Tenchi answered.

	"I see," she said uncaringly.

	"Ryoko, you are being framed," Ayeka spoke up.  She stood by 
Tenchi for support.

	"I don't care," Ryoko shouted.  "Now, leave me," she hissed and 
stood to her feet and walked away.

	"Wait," Tenchi hollered to her.  "What is going on?  What has 
happened to you in the past six months?"

	"A huge war is about to take place, and a crime boss, Jon, is 
supplying this new Nazi group with weapons, and more.  Lucas and I 
worked for Jon, but Lucas found out what Jon's plans were.  Lucas told 
me, and now we are going to stop him.  That is why Jon is after us.  
The Japanese government built a weapon more lethal than the atom bomb, 
but sealed it away from the Allies after World War II.  That is all you 
need to know," she said and turned away.  "You know too much."

	"What did you do for this, Jon?" Tenchi asked.

	She stopped and looked back again.  "I killed people," she 
replied dryly.  "Goodbye."

	Tenchi watched as Ryoko and the man, known as Lucas, disappeared 
into the darkness of the alley.  He looked down at his feet.  "Damn, I 
stepped in her blood."

	"It's all right.  I will clean them when we get home," Ayeka 
smiled.  The two took the opposite direction and disappeared into the 
shadows, themselves.
***
	Tenchi and Ayeka climbed up to the porch of the house.  It felt 
pretty good to be back.  "What's on your shoes, Tenchi?" asked a voice 
Tenchi hasn't heard in a while.

	"Washu," he smiled.  The scientist stood at the doorway, arms 
crossed and leaning on wall.

	"May I take a sample?" she asked with a convincing smile.  

	Tenchi shrugged it off, "Sure."

	 
	"Thanks, with this we might be able to know more about Ryoko, 
unless it is what I have feared," she spoke loudly to herself as she 
took a sample and stood to her feet again.

	"What do you mean?" Ayeka asked.

	"Since Ryoko's rampage around the universe, and the fact she will 
be attacking Jurai in two days, I have decided to find out more of 
where the real one is.  I spied on you two earlier today, and saw Ryoko 
there.  If that is Ryoko, than the other is an imposter," she 
explained.

	"That has to be Ryoko.  She doesn't have a ship," Tenchi argued.

	"The chances are that you are right, but to prove it to the 
Jurians we need better evidence.  That is enough about that.  Watch the 
news tonight."

	"Why?" Ayeka asked.

	"Europe is at war again," Washu replied worriedly.

	"WHAT?" Tenchi shuddered in surprise.

	"Yes, the Germans bombed London earlier this morning.  The leader 
behind this is Lothar Heinrich.  Everyone has declared to be neutral, 
but soon all of the other nations were bombed.  France is now under the 
control in a two hour siege," she informed.

	"The Americans are also neutral?" Ayeka asked.

	"They probably should, but no one wants to see a World War III, 
and the Americans feel it is their duty to stop it," Washu spoke.

	"Then, I have more bad news," Tenchi announced.  He took a deep 
breath and continued, "We are supplying the Germans with weapons that 
even the Americans didn't know existed.  If they do find out." Tenchi 
stopped.
 
	"The Americans will nuke us for good," Washu finished.

	Tenchi nodded in agreement.  "It looks like going to Jurai is out 
of the question.  I have to defend my world first," he said.  "Ayeka 
you can go home and help your sister against the imposter, if you want.  
I will not stop you," he said with sincerity.  

	"I will stay for this is my home now.  I just pray that Sasami 
will be okay, and defend it from the imposter," she spoke with a 
hopeful smile.

	"Very well, come to me lab," Washu almost seemed to order.
***
	Tenchi and Ayeka watched Washu with great interest.  The small 
scientist was on the last stages of the blood tests.  She swirled them 
together and sat them down gently.  Her shoulders slumped over in 
stress.

	"Damnit," she cursed under her breath.

	"What is it, Washu?" Tenchi asked placing his hand on her left 
shoulder.

	"That was not our Ryoko.  It's a clone, and how it was created I 
don't know.  One thing bothers me.  How could this clone possess 
Ryoko's memories?"  Washu questioned aloud.

	"She did seem to refer to when I kicked her out, but she also 
responded to her name," Tenchi said.

	"Yes, she did," Ayeka agreed.

	"Someone must have taken sample of her blood and scanned her 
brain, but if that is the case how?" Washu mentioned, but looked at the 
bright re light that flashed on her panel.  "Oh my God, Ryoko is 
attacking Jurai," she announced.

	"Sasami!" Ayeka screamed in worry.
***
	The palace shook and debris fell as the intruder attacked.  
Sasami sat on her throne patiently.  Destiny has arrived.  She would 
find out who the imposter is, and if it is Ryoko she would try to find 
out what happened to her.  She gripped her golden armrests eagerly, as 
the sound of Azaka and Kamadaki fighting the intruder rang through the 
hall.

	"She must have ordered her ship to go on a rampage, while she 
entered the palace," Sasami said remaining in her throne as debris 
dropped all around her.  "What?" she gasped.  

	The throne door began to swell.  The door squeaked in fury as it 
bowled up.  Sasami watched in terror as the door exploded throwing 
debris like broken shards of glass.  A hooded figure stepped through.  
There was no doubt that the figure was a woman, but she didn't 
recognize the clothing as Ryoko's.  It was nothing but a heavy black 
cloak.  The figure walked up to Sasami slowly as if by respect.  

	"Ryoko," she called.  The figure stopped and then continued 
walking.  "What has happened to you?" she asked, but the figure climbed 
the steps to her throne.  Sasami seeing there was no choice stood up 
from the throne.  The dark figure stopped in front of her.  The hooded 
woman reached out her black-gloved hand.  Sasami watched in confusion.  
What was this woman doing?  Was it a new attack?  She readied her 
shield in case, but as the shield was activated a fiery explosion 
blasted at her feet.  "What now?" she freaked.

	The hooded figure leaped back, and looked up.  Sasami followed 
her gaze to see another hooded figure.  The figure looked exactly the 
same and floated down to confront the other.  The one Sasami thought 
was Ryoko grasped her now bare, bleeding arm.  The other hood leaped 
with another attack, but stopped as the other vanished.  Then, the 
hooded figure vanished after the injured one.

	"What is going on, Ryoko?" she whispered in worry.  

	"Empress," called Kamadaki.  He ran into the throne room with 
Azaka behind him.  

	"I am fine," she said starring up into the ceiling.  

	"It appears the enemy has left," announced Azaka.  

	"What do you mean?" she asked turning her head toward the two 
knights.

	"The imposter has flown into space," he continued.

	"Where to?" she asked eagerly.

	The two knights looked at each other and Kamadaki stepped up.  
"Earth, your Majesty," he said with a heavy voice.

	"Load a small fleet.  We leave at once," she ordered.  

	"Of course, your highness," both knights bowed.
***
	Washu watched her screen in great worry.  She leaned back in her 
seat and turned to confront the waiting couple.  "The attack is over," 
she said a little relieved.  

	"How is Sasami?" asked a worried Ayeka.

	"I don't know.  I can only sense energy readings.  Sorry," Washu 
spoke sadly.  She watched as Ayeka cried wearily on Tenchi's shoulder.  
She looked at her screen as a red mark highlighted the screen.  She 
carefully pushed her finger over the light and an image formed on the 
screen.  The image focused and Sasami came into view.  She was taller, 
and looked more like royalty than ever.  "Sasami," Washu spoke in 
surprise.

	"Greetings," Sasami replied with no sign of happiness.  

	"What's going on?" rushed Ayeka to the screen.

	"Relax, sister," Sasami spoke.  "Ryoko attacked and killed about 
a hundred thousand.  We are hunting her down now," she said sounding 
full of hate.

	"Yes, kill that monster," Ayeka screamed as her emotions took 
over.  Sasami's eyes looked petrified at the remark.  She straightened 
her posture.

	"You are no different than him," she shook her head toward 
Tenchi.  "I will not kill Ryoko if I don't have to."

	"But she must pay for those crimes," Ayeka pleaded in hate.

	"She was innocent I am sure of it," Sasami spoke, still calm.

	"How?" Ayeka asked in rage.

	"There were two of them.  I could not see their faces, but one of 
them pulled her hand to me.  I am sure it was Ryoko, and then the other 
attacked.  Ryoko vanished and left Jurai with the other one after her.  
We are on pursuit, now," Sasami explained a small tear dropping down 
her cheek.  "You both abandoned her, and now she is in obvious trouble, 
and we are not helping her.  I know she is calling us, and I will save 
her whether it cost me my people's lives or my own."

	"Where is she going? Tenchi asked with guilt heavy in his heart.  
Sasami's words struck like arrows into his heart.  

	"We believe Earth, but her pattern is like a wave.  We can't be 
sure, but I am pretty sure that is where she is going.  Going back to 
the two people that turned their back on her for help," Sasami spoke 
coldly.

	"We will try to help, but there is a massive war about to take 
place," Tenchi spoke in worry.

	"War?" Sasami asked a little puzzled.

	"Yes, a possible World War III.  We don't know, yet," Ayeka 
explained.

	"Anyways, if she does come there.  Kill her," Sasami spoke sadly.

	"What?" Tenchi questioned in surprise.

	"I can't betray my people for one person.  They want her dead," 
she explained

	"But you said, you will save her no matter what the cost?" Ayeka 
spoke up.

	"That is how I plan to save her.  Either the Galaxy Police, you, 
or myself will kill her," Sasami said with hope.  

	"I never wanted to kill her," Tenchi said in worry of how Sasami 
was acting.

	"I know, but she must pay for her new crimes.  I am here to 
redeem my peoples wishes," she spoke with a noble tone.  "If you save 
her, then you are my enemies," Sasami warned and the signal closed.

	"Oh my God, everyone is after her," Washu spoke in shock.

	"I don't know what to do.  I can only hope she will be all right 
until after this war," he spoke sadly.

	"This is worse than I thought," came a man's low voice from 
behind.  

	"It's you," Tenchi leaped back.

	"Aye, boy, but I have not come to kill her.  It is a code to let 
her know who I am.  We never give true names to people we don't know," 
he spoke out.

	"Who are you?"  Tenchi said a little intimidated by the man's 
size.

	"I am, Roke, a friend of Ryoko's," he smiled comfortingly.  "I 
know where she is, but to help her I need her sword."

	"I thought she summons an energy blade," Ayeka said taking 
Tenchi's arm.

	"It will do her no good.  I can't say why or where she is.  
You're world is at war let it be at that.  At least she can die an 
honorable death," he said under his breath.

	Tenchi heard the words and stood in shock.  "What is going on?" 
he said raising his voice.

	"I can't say for it will jeopardize her safety," Roke stood 
still, his voice calm and unchanged.

	"You said she is going to die, no matter what, so tell me," 
Tenchi seemed to order.

	Roke's eyes narrowed at the boy's anger.  "You already disgraced 
her once, let her die in honor.  Getting yourself killed with her will 
only make things worse.  If you will excuse me," he said watching 
Tenchi look to the floor in bitterness.  He walked up the stairs to 
Ryoko's room.  Roke noticed the pictures and clothes were still in 
place.  The never changed the room, and dust already covered the 
furniture.  He leaned under the dresser and pulled the plank right 
under it.  Something covered in a velvet cloth rested under the plank.  
He gently pulled it out and smiled.  "I made this sword for you.  Don't 
let it go to waste," he whispered to himself and turned to leave the 
dusty room.  Roke strolled down the staircase.  

	"Let us come with you," Tenchi almost begged.  

	"Stay here, this is not your fight.  Save your planet then come 
save her, if you must," he warned.  "You're both too young to throw 
your lives away.  Thanks for allowing me to collect this.  Good bye," 
he waved leaving towards the door.

	"Tenchi, go," Ayeka said warmly.  "You will regret it if you 
don't.  I will stay here and help out as much as I can," she smiled 
sportingly.

	"Ayeka?" he said worriedly.

	"GO!" she ordered and he ran after Roke.

	"Wait, let me come," he yelled to Roke.

	"I won't," Roke replied.

	"Then stop me," Tenchi challenged.

	"I can, but if you want to go that bad to die by my hands, than 
you can come."

	Tenchi nodded and followed Roke into the trees.
***
	Ayeka turned around in excitement at the news.  The anchorman 
pushed his hair back as he repeated his comments.  She stood there in 
silence letting the words sink in.

	"Some sort of space craft took off into the sky.  Shortly after 
the Nazi's surrendered.  I repeat." he said.

	"What in the world is going on?" Ayeka asked.  Then, it hit her 
about what Sasami was saying.  "Oh no, Washu!" she called.

	"What is it?" came the scientist's reply.

	"We need a ship, if I am right there is about to be an 
intergalactic war," she explained hurriedly.

	"What do you mean?" asked the confused Washu.

	That ship that Sasami is chasing is not coming here.  It is 
heading straight for the Driedane's Empire.  The only empire that has 
the technology to destroy Jurai," she said in deep worry.

	"I see what you mean.  I will get right on one," she smiled and 
ran to her lab.
***
  	Two figures stood in the darkness as a hologram of a hooded 
figure appeared.  The face was hidden, but the figure seemed to be 
sitting down.

	"Report," came the low voice.

	"Our distraction didn't last," replied the blonde haired man.

	"I am disappointed in you, Lucas," replied the hooded figure.

	"I am sorry," he bowed.

	"I am not your master.  I am just paying you.  Now stop the ex-
princess Ayeka.  She is on her way to stop the Jurian fleet.  Take the 
clone and go after her," the figure ordered as smoke left the out of 
the hood.  The figure grasped the hood tightly and turned away from the 
two mercenaries.  

	"Are you all right?" gasped the fake Ryoko.

	"I'm fine, now stop Ayeka!" the hooded figure ordered.

	"Of course," replied the fake Ryoko and Lucas as the hologram 
vanished.

	Lucas stood to his feet brushing the dirt off his black pants.  
He helped the clone to her feet and dusted her off.  The two turned 
away and strolled toward the door.  The darkness covered any sign of 
walls or windows.  The only thing visible was the door.

	"Let us go," he snapped.  "It appears the boss is going to use a 
war to kill herself," Lucas frowned.  "That means no pay."

	"We will succeed," cheered the clone.  She hung tightly to Lucas 
with passion.
***
	The hooded figure sat in a chair starring at the empty space.  
This was it, the final stage.  This tortured life will come to it 
brutal end.  Grabbing the armrest tightly, the hooded being felt a 
flash of stinging pain shot up the side like fire.

	"I got careless on Jurai," came a machine's monotone voice.  "It 
doesn't matter.  When I go, my kind will cease to exist.  My life is 
draining away anyway," the hooded figure leaned back in the chair and 
drifted to sleep.
***
	Tenchi watched the golden bulbs of light as they flew deeper into 
the darkness of space.  He turned back to see Roke starring ahead as he 
piloted the ship.

	"Where are we going?" Tenchi asked to settle his curiosity.

	"A world filled with hate.  In fact so much hate, that they 
destroyed an entire race of people and the planet they lived on.  A 
mass destruction that occurred sixteen years ago," he said not looking 
at Tenchi.  He stood proud and appeared to be ready for anything.  
Wisdom glistened in his eyes, and his gray beard with touches of white 
made him seem like a prophet.

	"What is the name of this world?" Tenchi asked, the tone of his 
voice low and filled with worry.

	"We are going to the Driedane Empire," Roke spoke with uneasiness 
in his throat.

	"What is this empire?"  Tenchi asked.

	"An empire that destroyed another empire," Roke said, grinding 
his teeth in anger.  His fists grasped tightly around the metallic 
railing in front of him.  His grip loosened and turned to face Tenchi.  
"Ryoko is the last," he said, as a single tear slid down his wrinkled 
cheek.

	"The last?" Tenchi asked feeling more intrigued.  He never knew 
much about her past and answers were slowly being given.

	"Yes, she is the last of her people.  The Driedane Empire used a 
terrible weapon to destroy her planet.  Even the Jurians were afraid to 
intervene in the war.  They mourned for the fate of the doomed people 
on that beautiful planet.  I was in the area when I saw two Driedane 
ships abandon a cargo ship.  They practically destroyed its engines and 
life support.  I decided to take a look.  On board, I found two dead 
Angelites, Ryoko's race.  I was about to leave until the sound of a 
little child crying alerted me.  I walked over to the dead female.  In 
the poor dead woman's arms, rested a crying little girl.  She was no 
more than the age of two.  I took a look at the identity of the dead 
couple, and decided to name the little girl after her mother.  I named 
her, Ryoko," he said in sadness.  "I took her from her mother's arms.  
She instantly went quiet in my arms.  After that, I flew us to Jurai.  
Ryoko grew up for about four years there.  It was the safest place from 
the Driedanes.  They were so determined to annihilate every last 
Angelite.  I raised her as my own.  I was hard on her, but I wanted to 
see her beautiful people return to this universe.  She was their last 
hope," he said struggling to fight back the tears.

	Tenchi also fought back the tears, but he stood his ground and 
said, "Do you think they will shoot Ryoko when she get there?"

	"I doubt it.  She has a more serious threat to worry about it," 
he said in worry.

	"What do you mean?" Tenchi spoke out.

	"I told her never to go back there, but she did," Roke said to 
himself in anger.  "She must have been in worse danger than I ever 
knew."

	"Explain," Tenchi said in frustration.

	Roke's eyes grew in surprise at Tenchi's aggressiveness, and 
eased to normal.  "The weapon gave off a poisonous gas that still 
haunts the area of where the planet of the Angelites used to be.  Ryoko 
flew through, that is how we are tracking her.  The gas is engulfing 
her ship."

	"She is going to die from a poisonous gas," Tenchi gasped.

	"Yes and no.  The gas won't kill her, but breathing oxygen will.  
Her lungs have mutated by the gas.  She can only breathe in nitrogen 
gas.  No one can explain why," Roke spoke out lost in thought.  He 
looked back at Tenchi and gave a warm smile.  "Get some rest, I will 
let you know if there is trouble."

	Tenchi nodded slightly and walked back to his room.
***
	"Tenchi!" called a woman's voice.

	Tenchi turned around in the darkness.  He started to run as the 
voice continued to call his name.  "Where are you?" he cried into the 
dark void.  

	"Don't recognize me?" the voice asked as if hurt by his question.

	Tenchi's eyes flared in delight.  "Ryoko!" he cheered.  A woman 
appeared out of the darkness.  She was dressed in a large black tunic 
that rested along her thigh.  A leather belt was wrapped around her 
waist and slanted down her hip.  He cyan hair blew like there was a 
wind, but Tenchi didn't feel a thing.

	"Don't come after me.  You already broke my heart once," she said 
sadly.

	"I won't leave you.  Ryoko, I want you back in my life," he 
pleaded.

	"What about Ayeka?  Don't you love her?" she asked innocently.

	"I do, but I love you too.  Can't you understand?  I love you as 
equals," he said and grabbed her.  She tried to struggle out, but he 
pulled her toward him.  He stroked her tears away and gave her a smile.  
She eased in his arms and slowly gave in.  Tenchi pulled her closer to 
him.  His lips stretched and connected with hers.  They kissed as if it 
was the first and last time.  Their tongues wrestled as the passion of 
their desires was being fulfilled.  Tenchi slowly let go as he sucked 
on her tongue.  Ryoko looked at him in confusion, and then her eyes 
grew in fear.  "What's wrong?" Tenchi asked her in worry.  

	Her lips shook.  Her fair skin grew pure white.  Tears flowed 
down her eyes.  She opened her mouth to scream, but nothing came.  Her 
flesh began to bubble, then boil.  In a flash it disintegrated into 
bones and then bone did the same until there was nothing.  Tenchi 
grabbed on to her in fear until she was gone.

	"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!" he screamed in loss.
***
	Tenchi grasped the sheets tightly, and struggled in his bed.  He 
felt like he couldn't breathe.    He kicked his legs in desperation to 
be free from this deadly prison.  He sat up and opened his eyes.  He 
breathed heavily as oxygen flowed to his lungs.  He felt his bare 
chest, as it was wet.  Looking back, he noticed a huge water spot where 
he was laying.  He slowly crawled out of the bed.  The sheets were very 
soft, and silver in color.  Tenchi smiled as he remembered the Roke 
said this was her room when she lived on the ship.  He walked over a 
mirror and starred at his reflection.  His sweat still dripped off his 
chin.  He raised his right hand and rubbed his fingers down his lips. 

	"It was a dream," he said with uncertainty.  The dream was so 
real and he wanted it to be, but at the same time he didn't.  Ryoko's 
decaying body haunted his mind.  "Was it a vision?" he turned on the 
faucet and soaked his hands in the cool water.  His hands cupped over 
and collected the water.  Tenchi leaned over and splashed the water on 
his face.  He sat up quickly as he fought the chill the cold water gave 
him.  He dried his face with a towel that was leaning on a nearby rack.    
"Or was it a desire, that I destroyed in the past?" he whispered in 
bitterness.  

	Tenchi turned around and walked toward the bed.  He rubbed the 
sheets with his hands.  Ryoko pressed hard in his mind.  The kiss was 
so real, and so right.  He had to find her before the Driedane Empire 
or the Jurians do.
***
	The marble walls stood in their magnificent glory.  An old man 
stood looking at beautiful garden from his balcony.  A little blue bird 
rested on the fountain and bathed itself.  The old man smiled and 
closed his eyes as he breathed in the slightly cool air.  

	"It looks like she is finally here, and her hunter.  This will be 
the final part of the war," he said allowing the little blue bird to 
rest on his finger.
***
	Resting silently outside of the border of the Driedanes, a Jurai 
fleet awaits for its target.
 
	Sasami rested upon her command seat.  She felt anxiety and 
sadness.  It is her duty as an Empress of Jurai to kill a criminal, no 
matter who they are.  

	"Empress, there is no sign of Ryoko.  Maybe she is on the other 
side of the border," suggested Azaka.

	"Maybe," she replied coldly.  "Link me to the Galaxy Police," she 
ordered.

	A screen opened and an emerald green haired woman appeared on the 
screen.  She was saluting and lowered her arm.  "I am here to assist 
you, Empress Sasami," she said in praise.

	"Thank you, Kiyone," Sasami smiled.  "How long will it take for 
the rest of the Galaxy Police force to arrive."

	"We have twelve hours," Kiyone replied.  "Why, may I ask?"  
Kiyone's tone of voice changed to one of concern.

	"I plan to invade the empire, since they refuse to cooperate with 
us in capturing Ryoko," she smiled maliciously.

	"You have changed," Kiyone muttered.  

	"No, we all have changed," Sasami spoke and watched as Kiyone's 
shocked face vanished from the screen.
***
	One hundred years away from the Jurai fleet.
	
	Two ships flew at maximum speeds through the dark reaches of 
space.  The smaller of the two leaked out smoke as its last engine blew 
out.  The ship became a drift.

Two figures stood in the darkness of their bridge.  The tall one 
smiled in victory.  "This is it Ryoko," he said.  "Alert our buyer that 
we have them," he smiled.
***
	The cloned Ryoko pushed Washu and Ayeka on their knees as a 
bright light came from the floor.  The light turned into and image, and 
a hooded figure sat in some sort of command chair formed.

	"Report," came the voice.

	"I have two prisoners," Lucas announced.

	"Bring them here," the hooded figure ordered.

	Lucas snapped his fingers and two women were tossed in front of 
the hologram.  The hooded figure laughed in delight.  "I hope this will 
satisfy you," he smiled.

	"Indeed,"  said the hologram.  "Ayeka and Washu, I presume," 
bellowed the voice.  "How nice to see you both again!"

	"We never met," Ayeka scolded in fury.

	"Didn't we?" the voice giggled.

	"Who are you?" Ayeka asked in fear.

	The hooded figure pulled back the hood and revealed a huge 
metallic helmet.  Placing hands on the switches resting on the sides 
the helmet opened and a woman's face appeared.  It was badly decaying.

	Ayeka's eyes quivered in fear, "Nagi!" she gasped.
***  
	Roke's ship flew the Driedane Empire in incredible speed.  The 
space he traveled through was completely empty.  No other ships passed 
them on their way to the heart of the empire, itself.

	"Tenchi!" Roke called.  "Get ready, we will be there in one 
hour," he ordered.
	Tenchi starred at the space in front of him.  "I will," he 
replied with determination glowing in his eyes.
***
	"General," hollered a young officer.

	"What is it?" replied the general.  He pulled on his gray beard 
in boredom.

	"We have them," said the young officer.

	"Excellent!" he smiled.  "Prepare the arena," came his order.

	"Of course," the officer saluted and took his leave.
***
	The two hooded figures walked side by side in the garden.  They 
had no idea why they were brought here and waited patiently.  Both 
tried to keep their distance from one another.

	"You two are warriors?" asked an old man.  The two figures turned 
around in alarm.  The old man grabbed his white beard that stretched to 
his knees.  "Easy ladies.  I know all about you.  One of you is a 
Angelite and the other is a Driedane, is that correct?" he asked with a 
wry smile.

	Both nodded in agreement.  The tall one took a step forward.  
"Who are you, old man?" came the low voice.

	"Just an old man," he smiled.

	Two guards stepped out of the brush and surrounded the tall one, 
"Nagi, you are to come with us," one of them ordered and led her away.

	The old man stood up and limped his way to the other figure's 
side.  He looked at the figure with such interest.  "You are, Ryoko?"

	The figure nodded in reply.  She turned away from him.  She felt 
uncomfortable by his searching gaze.  

	"You must survive," he said.

	Ryoko turned around, "What do you mean?" asked her digital voice.

	"As you know, Nagi has specially requested to fight you in a duel 
to the death.  In our lives, she has the right; however, you must fight 
and win.  You are the last of you kind it will do you no good to die 
here.  Especially, by the same people that killed the rest of your 
kind.  Besides, Nagi is rumored to have rebuilt the bomb that destroyed 
our world, Magtice.  If she uses it to kill you, then we all die 
together," he spoke in bitterness.  "Don't waste your life," he said.  
"Poisoned by the deadly gases or not."
	Ryoko grabbed his shoulder and said, "Thank you old man."

	A guard came out from the front gate and said, "Ryoko, it is 
time."  Ryoko turned and followed the guard out of the garden.

	"Good luck, young lady," smiled the old man.
***
	Tenchi stood at a huge opening in the ship.  Peeping in, Tenchi 
saw a seat in the center.  He climbed in and straightened out his 
battle suit.  It was tight like Ryoko's, but solid black.  He looked up 
at the old man in front of him.

	"Good luck, boy," Roke said in sincerity.  "This space pod will 
bring you down.  Push this switch," he said pointing to a single switch 
on his left armrest, "to release this pod from the ship.  The one on 
the other armrest will land it for you once you are through the 
atmosphere."

	"I understand," Tenchi replied.
	
	"One more thing, boy," Roke added.  His eyes were of concern.  
"When you get her press the release switch again to launch.  The flight 
controls will appear in front of you.  The rest is like a video game to 
you.  Farewell," he finished and the hatch closed.

	Tenchi pushed the switch and floated away from the ship.  The 
engines activated and the pod flew into the green planet.
***
	The arena was crowded as thousands of Driedanes take their seats.  
A black dome surrounded the arena.  There were only two ways out of the 
arena, the entrance and the exit.  It was going to be a day for the 
return of the war as the Driedanes watch one of their own kill the last 
of the Angelites.
	
	Ryoko stood on one side and Nagi on the other.  They were still 
dressed the same when they arrived.  Nagi stood to the center of the 
arena.  She raised her hand high in the air for silence.  

	"This is where it ends, Ryoko.  Fight me here and die, or watch 
your friend's die as my colleagues slit their throats," she smiled 
pointing directly to her left.  The crowd moved as they realized where 
she was pointing.  

	Ryoko turned to see Washu and Ayeka on their knees.  Two figures 
stood behind them.  One was a blonde haired guy, and the other 
was.herself.  "How!" came the digital voice.  "How did you clone me?" 
Ryoko asked.

	"A strand of your hair.  I had to, in fact.  I t was necessary to 
set you up.  I used her to appear on the planets that I destroyed," she 
looked puzzled as the crowd gasped in surprise.  She could hear their 
cries and murmurs.  

	"What did she say?" some said.

	"She killed others, and not out of war," others shouted.

	"She will kill us," a woman screamed.

	Nagi's smile intensified at the very words.  "Behold I have the 
recreation of your bomb, Magtice," she snapped her fingers and Lucas 
stepped to the side to reveal the crystal shaped bomb.  It was as 
skinny as his leg and up to his knee.  The crowd around Lucas and his 
hostages ran to the opposite sides of the arena.  "Now fight me!" 
Nagi's low voice of her mask screamed.  

	Ryoko summoned her sword and charged.  No battle cry escaped her 
mask.  She leaped in the air to meet Nagi's golden blade.    Nagi 
pushed upward, and swung her sword for Ryoko's chest.  Ryoko parried, 
but blood dripped from her chest.  

	"It looks like I am going to cut you in pieces," Nagi gloated.  
She stabbed for Ryoko's stomach.  Ryoko blocked and pushed her sword 
forward making Nagi off balance.  

	Nagi faltered back by Ryoko's shove.  Ryoko continued pushing 
onward.  She continued swinging her sword like a berserker.  Nagi 
parried every blow, but still failed to regain her stance as she 
continued moving back.  Ryoko gave a final push and leaped back.  
Raising her left hand, she fired multiple shots of energy.  

	Nagi saw them and leaped away.  The shots hit the walls of the 
arena, but a green light highlighted where the bolts hit.  Ryoko knew 
it was a shield, and leaped in the air as Nagi fired a purple energy 
disc.  Ryoko landed as the disc flew under her.  Nagi turned her hand 
to the side and watched as the disc hit Ryoko in the back.  Ryoko 
rolled to the ground.  The old man stood from his seat as he saw the 
blood pouring from her back.

	Nagi looked up to the sky as some strange wind began to blow from 
the top of the opened dome.  A space pod was going to land inside the 
arena.  She watched with great intent as it landed on the outer edge of 
the battleground, but the opposite side of Lucas.  The pod opened, and 
a man stepped out of the pod.  Nagi stepped back as she recognized the 
man.

	"Tenchi," her voice gasped.

	Tenchi looked at Ryoko and stepped on to the tile surface of the 
battleground.  He walked over to the woman lying on her stomach.  Nagi 
watched in confusion as he sat on one knee and looked at the injured 
woman before him.

	"Ryoko?" Tenchi questioned.

	The woman rolled over, but Tenchi immediately rested her in his 
arms, so she didn't lie on her injured back.  "Is it you?" the digital 
voice asked.

	"It is," he smiled.  Tenchi carried her off the platform and 
rested her against a wall.  He turned and walked up to Nagi.  "I am 
your opponent, now," he yelled.

	"Very well," she smiled.

	"Nagi?" Tenchi froze.  "Why?" he asked.

	"It was all I needed to drag Ryoko out of Earth, but you helped 
out even more by kicking her out.  It was the perfect setup to frame 
her.  When she went after me, I sent the clone to Earth to help out 
with the war to keep you all distracted.  It failed.  However, I did 
manage to kidnap two people of your party," she smiled.  "Also, the 
Jurians will fight a war here and the two powers will wipe each other 
out."

	Tenchi noticed Ayeka and Washu with daggers to their throats.  He 
turned back at Nagi in anger.  "You will pay," he yelled.

	"NO!" she shouted.  "They will if you don't make Ryoko fight me," 
she smiled evilly.  Tenchi turned away and shook his head in defeat.  
He walked toward Ayeka and Washu.  

	"Roke," he whispered into the communication link in his ear.  
"Teleport Ayeka and Washu out of here and take them to the Jurians," he 
said.  

	"What about Ryoko?" Roke questioned.  

	"She is safer here.  The Jurians won't listen if they know she is 
aboard,"  he explained.

	"Okay, on your mark," Roke replied.

	"Now," Tenchi whispered.  He watched as Ayeka and Washu vanished.

	"NOOOO!" Nagi screamed.  "You!" she hissed in rage, "have failed 
me for the last time," she sneered as a dagger flew from her wrist.  
The blade ran through Lucas' throat.  He didn't scream as he fell to 
the ground.

	"LUCAS!" the clone screamed.  She screamed as another dagger hit 
her in the throat and like her lover she died instantly.

 	"Now, to activate the bomb," Nagi laughed.  She pulled out a 
remote and clicked a few buttons.  Tenchi ran to stop her, but she 
dropped the remote and broke it under her foot.  "Now, nothing can stop 
it.  You have ten minutes," she yelled and ran to attack Ryoko.

	Tenchi stepped up and blocked her sword with the tenchiken.  He 
pushed her back as she missed with her stab for his heart.
***
	"I can reach the Jurians from here.  Just tell them the story," 
Roke said.

	"Thank you, sir," Ayeka smiled.
***
	Tenchi parried another one of Nagi's attacks and swooped down for 
a kick, but flinched as Nagi kicked him off the tile floor.  Tenchi 
almost got up, but someone held him down.  

	"Thank you, but leave," Ryoko said and pushed a button on her 
wrist.  "Teleport one man," she spoke.   

	"Ryoko!" Tenchi said in disbelief as he disappeared. 

	"Now it is just you and me, Nagi."

	"At last," Nagi cheered and took her position.  "DIE!" 

	They charged each other and parried blows again.  Ryoko stabbed 
and pierced Nagi's shoulder.  "It looks like I am going to have to cut 
you into pieces," Ryoko said in her monotone voice.

	Nagi snarled and swung to take Ryoko's head.  Ryoko blocked and 
kicked Nagi in the stomach.
***
	The old man stepped from his seat, "Evacuate the planet," he 
yelled.  He watched as everyone left the arena.  He alone remained to 
watch the battle.
***
	Ryoko stepped forward and stabbed Nagi in the chest.  Nagi froze 
in disbelief.  She faltered back and lost her footing.  Ryoko watched 
as Nagi fell to the ground.  

	Ryoko turned to see the old man walking toward her.  "You did 
it," he said with a warm smile.  Ryoko lost her strength and the old 
man caught her.  

	"Who are you?" she asked.

	"I am the Emperor of Driedane," he replied.  "My people will 
evacuate, but I shall remain and face the same fate as those who were 
forced to face it by me those few years ago," he said in regret.  "My 
officers and I agreed to this, as we knew Nagi stole the second bomb 
from under us.  Now we die," he said sadly.
***
	"NOOOOOOO!" Tenchi screamed.  "TAKE ME BACK!"

	"I can't do that," came a computer's voice.

	"Who are you?" Tenchi asked in surprised.

	"I am T-62, the clone ship of Ryo-Ohki.  A Nazi soldier left me 
on Ryoko's apartment doorstep on Earth.  Since then, I have been her 
ship," it replied.

	Tenchi sighed in defeat and then saw Roke's ship.  "At least, let 
me speak to that ship," he pleaded.

	"Very well," T-62 said.  "Line is open."

	"Roke, can you teleport me to the surface from this ship?" Tenchi 
asked.

	"I can, but why?" he asked in confusion.

	"Ryoko is still down there.  I will explain why later," Tenchi 
said in desperation.

	"All right.  Then get ready.  I am teleporting you." he went 
silent for a few seconds, "now."

	Tenchi felt warm as he saw the ship one moment and then the 
battle arena the next.  Tenchi ran to Ryoko.

	"I am here to get you out of here," he said with a smile of 
excitement.

	"Why did you come back?" she asked.

	"I need you," he said hugging her in his arms.  "Let's go," he 
whispered.

	"NEVER!" Nagi screamed.

	Tenchi saw her coming and kicked her in the face.  Nagi flew into 
the wall and landed beside the bomb.  Tenchi carried Ryoko and walked 
to the pod.  He set himself inside and rested Ryoko on his laps and 
arms.  The pod door closed.

	Nagi watched as it took to the sky.  She looked at the bomb as 
she read the countdown.

5.

She looked away in defeat.  "I just killed myself."

3.

	"I HATE YOU, RYOKO!" she roared.
	1.

	Nagi screamed as a bright light flared out of the device and 
consumed her flesh.  The light intensified as it took over the arena.

	At the palace, the Emperor and his generals watched as the light 
came toward them.

	"Forgive us, everyone," he said.  The light engulfed the palace 
as his robes blew and were consumed in the light.
***
	Tenchi held Ryoko close to him. The entered the dock of Roke's 
ship.  Tenchi carried her out, but was surprised to see Sasami waiting 
for him.

	"Tenchi," she said in a shaky tone and ran to him.  "Let me 
help," she offered.

	Tenchi nodded and she took Ryoko out of his arms.  He followed 
her to the med lab of the ship.  They walked into a room and Sasami 
rested Ryoko, stomach first, on the bed.  Tenchi came in and watched as 
Washu began working on Ryoko.  

	"I can heal her wounds and replace her lungs.  She will be fine.  
As for the strange radiation on her skin, I will have to work on 
getting rid of it by stabilizing the ions.  It is all I can do, and 
hope it works," Washu explained.  Tenchi nodded in understanding.

	"Wait!" Ryoko moaned.  Everyone backed away.  "Take my mask off, 
so I can see all of you," she requested.  

	"But?" Washu gasped.

	"Please," Ryoko begged.  Washu nodded and began to remove the 
mask.  Tenchi almost sunk to his knees at what he saw.  Ryoko's skin 
was gray.  Flakes of her skin dropped to the ground.  His dream was 
coming true.  "Thank you," she said weakly and rested her head on the 
table.
***
	Tenchi waited outside Ryoko's room.  Ayeka sat at his side.  "Do 
you think she will be okay?" she asked.  

	"She will.  She has to," he said.  

	"You lover her?" Ayeka asked.

	Tenchi sensed her sadness, and sat up.  He took her hand in his.  
"I love both of you, not one over the other, but equals.  I could not 
live my life without both of you," he said and kissed her.  

	"Tenchi," came a voice.  Tenchi broke the kiss and turned around 
slowly.  He looked up to see Ryoko.  She looked like her old self.  
Most of all, she was alive.

	"Ryoko," he praised.  He took her in his arms.

	"Tenchi, I can't," she said in refusal seeing Ayeka behind him.  
She knew they were kissing, but she wasn't in the mood for a fight.

	"Don't worry," he soothed.  "Ayeka is important to me, but you 
are too.  I love you," he said and brought her lips to his.  They 
kissed and he pulled away and took Ayeka's hand in his free hand.  
"Come, my loves, let's take a walk and visit with the others.  They all 
want to see us," he looked at Ryoko, "And you have been free of all 
charges, thanks to Ayeka."

	Ryoko looked down at her feet and looked at Ayeka.  "Thank you, 
Ayeka," she said nervously.

	"No problem, Ryoko," came a happy reply.  Ryoko smiled and looked 
back up to see Ayeka doing the same.  The three of them walked down the 
hall in happiness, as the days of the past no longer haunted them.

THE END


	This is the end of my fan fic.  I hope you all enjoy it.  This 
one took me a while.  If you have any questions e-mail me at 
washu@saiyan.com.  Thanks again.



	 

	



	



 
	
