Disclaimer: All the people and most of the ideas here belong to AIC and Pioneer.
The rest of the idea's are mine.  Blah, blah, blah, don't sue me.

Please send any opinions, good or bad, to me at okuhn@ucsd.edu.  This story 
takes place in the OAV universe.

Thanks to Literary Eagle for all her help with the first chapter and for all
her support.

Last Chapter: After a revelation at his mother's grave, Tenchi realized that
Ayeka was his one true love.  However, when he tried to find Ryoko, to talk to
her about his feelings, he almost chased Ayeka away.  In despiration, he
proposed to her, to prove his love.  At that moment, Ryoko appeared, and ran at
the sight.  Tenchi chased after her, but to no avail, and she fled with Ryo-oki.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                The Dark Jurian
                                   Chapter 2
                               Life Without Ryoko

	Midnight had past by the time Tenchi and Ayeka finally pulled apart.
Wrapping his arm around his beloved, Tenchi re-entered the house.
	Upon opening the door, they were greeted with the worried expressions of
Mihoshi, Sasami, and Nobiyuki.
	"What happened?" Sasami asked, her voice filled with fear and concern.
"You were out there for hours.  I was getting really worried." Sasami looked
behind them, but saw nothing.  "Where's Ryoko?"
	Ayeak wrung her hands in front of her, as she fought back the tears.
"Ryoko is...well she's..."
	"She's gone..." Another voice said.  Behind them, stood Washu.  A frown
hung on her lips.  Her eyes, usually cutting and alert, focused on nothing, as
if she could not believe what she had just said.  She trembled slightly, and had
an awkwardness completely foriegn to her.  Everybody realized the horrible
significance this had.
	For the first time ever, Washu was not in control.
	"She's gone!" She cried as she rushed forward.  Tenchi knelt, and held
Washu in his arms.
	"Don't cry Little Washu." Sasami said, patting her back.  "Ryoko's
probably just getting some sake or something."
	"Don't you understand?  She's gone.  Really gone!  Her...my...our psychic
link.  It connects us at all times, allowing us to see and feel what happens to
the other.  It's gone!  She...she broke it!"
	The severity of this statement took Ayeka's breath away.
	"Does that mean she's..she's...." Ayeka couldn't bear to say the dreaded
word.
	"Dead?  I don't think so, but...I...I...I don't know!  She broke the
link!" Washu's sobbing intensified again.  "I...I wanted to be a good mother.  I
tried!  It may not have seemed like it, but...I tried!"
	"Little Washu..." Tenchi murmured soothingly.  "You are a great mother."
	"Then why did she leave?" she asked softly.  "Why did she break the link?"
	"It's my fault." Ayeka whispered.
	"No!" Tenchi cried.  "It's not your fault, Ayeka.  It's mine!  I led you
both on for so long.  If I had been honest with myself and honest with both of
you, then this would all have been resolved long ago, and Ryoko would not have
left.  I'm sorry Washu!  It's all my fault!" Tenchi waited for a response.
Hearing none, he looked down. Washu had fallen asleep in his arms.
	"Hmm, She's exhausted." Nobiyuki mused.  "All this stress can't be good
for her. I'll take care of her.  You guys go on up to bed." Nobiyuki winked at
Tenchi and Ayeka, causing them both to blush.  He picked up Washu, and placed
her on the sofa.  He went into the next room and came out with a blanket.  He
gently covered the sleeping scientist, and sat down in the chair next to her.
"When she wakes up, she won't want to be alone."
	Ayeka nodded and picked up the sleepy Sasami.  She followed Tenchi up the
stairs.  Sasami had fallen asleep before they made it to their room, and Ayeka
tucked her into her futon.  She then went to say goodnight to Tenchi, but he was
already asleep as well.  Ayeka brushed his hair a bit, and kissed him on the
forehead.  She yawned, and, although she didn't mean to, she fell asleep next to
him.

	Tenchi stood in front of the cave.  He walked up to the rusty gate.
Quickly, he thrust the key into the ancient lock, and twisted it.
	"Tenchi!" he heard Ayeka's voice call.  He smiled at Ayeka's merry face.
He then turned back to the gate.  He had to free Ryoko.
	But there was no gate!  No key!  No lock!
	Ryoko stood in front of him, where the gate should be.  What he thought
was the cold metal of the key ring, was actually the warm wood of Tenchi-ken.
The lock...the lock was Ryoko's heart!  He had thrust Tenchi-ken into her heart,
and twisted it!
	Tenchi slowly stepped backwards, not believing what he had just done.
	Ryoko also stood in amazement.  Tenchi-ken was still driven through her
breast. She looked up at Tenchi, here eyes filled with loss, confusion, and
sadness.
	"Why, Tenchi?  Why did you do this?"
	"I-I-I didn't mean to..."
	"Still, you did.  How could you Tenchi?  I watched over you since you were
a child, a presence to comfort you at the loss of your mother, and then your
grandmother.  I've taken care of you your entire life.  I brought this...
carnival...into your life, and let you experience wonders that most people will
never see.  I fought to avenge your death!  I nearly died for you!  And I still
would!  I would die for you, even after this...this betrayal!"
	"Ryoko..."
	"And I will..." She gestured to the sword, still in her.  The anger that
rose moments ago was replaced by misery.  "I must die, so you can live your
life with your precious princess, whom you wouldn't even know if I hadn't
brought her here." Tenchi inadvertantly glaced back to where Ayeka stood, but
she was gone now.  No one could shield him from this burden.  It was his and his
alone.
	"No, Ryoko..."
	"Why, Tenchi?  Why couldn't you love me?  I love you!  I loved you when
you when you came to rescue me from Kagato's dark grip.  I loved you when you
released me from the cold, dark cave.  I loved you when you were a little boy
who could not believe that the creature on the other side of the gate could be
such an evil monster.  I loved you when Achika was on the rock right there!" She
pointed to a rock that Achika had loved to sit on.  "Reading her book, two weeks
pregnant with you, when she didn't even know it!  Why..." Ryoko gasped, blood
finally seeping from the wound, staining her dress.  "...couldn't..." Ryoko
staggered as she tried to remain standing.  "...you..." Ryoko dropped to her
knees, her breath ragged as she struggled for air. "...love..."  She held
herself up by her hands, as she coughed up blood. "...me?" She whispered as the
gold in her eyes faded into blackness.  She collapsed on the hard ground, and
did not stir.
	"Ryoko!  I'm sorry!" Tenchi ran to her dead body, but it faded into
nothing before he got there.
	Tenchi woke with a start, as he slammed face first into the floor.
Groggily, he stared forward, waiting for the double images to align themselves.
He heard a moan behind him.  Slowly he turned around.
	Ayeka was asleep on his bed.
	"Tenchi?" She murmered in her sleep, feeling the warm spot where he had
laid moments before.  "Tenchi?  Where are you?  Tenchi?" Her voice became
worried and frantic.
	"I am here, my love." He crooned.  He carefully picked her up, and she
wrapped her arms around his neck, still asleep.  Her hair clung to her face, and
her komono was drenched in sweat.
	<She shouldn't be alone.  But I have to check on Washu.> Tenchi stepped
into the hall, Ayeka still in his arms.  With one foot he slid open the next
door.  He quietly slipped past Sasami, and placed Ayeka on her futon, pulling
the covers up over her shoulders.
	"Tenchi." She whispered.  "I love you."  Tenchi smiled as he tucked a lock
of her hair behind her crown.  As silently as possible, he slid the door closed,
and crept downstairs.

	Mihoshi lay on her futon, staring at the ceiling above her, as she 
listened.
	The hum of Ayeka's ward, which she had never bothered to take down,
deactivating, as Tenchi's door opened.
	Mihoshi held her breath.
	The sliding woosh of Ayeka and Sasami's door sliding open.
	Mihoshi froze, not moving a muscle.
	The gentle thud of Ayeka and Sasami's door closing.
	Mihoshi feircely held her eyes shut.
	The soft creak of the floorboards, as Tenchi slowly made his way
downstairs.
	Mihoshi flipped around and sobbed into her pillow.
	"Why won't it go away?" She cried to nobody in particular.  "Why won't it
leave my head?"
	She had snuck away the previous night, slipped up the stairs shortly after
Washu showed up.  With Washu's first words, she knew enough about Ryoko's fate.
Tenchi and the others could comfort Washu.  There was no reason for her to stay.
	There was, however, a reason for her to leave.
	So she left, and silently laid down in her room.  She had tossed and
turned all night, but sleep never come.  Not even for an instant.  Finally, she
had given up, and lay staring at the clock, watching second after second, minute
after minute, hour after hour, of her life slip by.

	Ayeka woke to find herself in a strange place.  The floor was covered in
water, and a glowing pit in the center of the room.  All around her was a round
stone wall.  It only broke at one area, to reveal a rather steep ramp, with
water flowing down  it. It would be impossible to climb, except that the ramp
was not flat, it had deep, straight edged cracks that one could feasibly use as
steps or rungs.  Even so, it would not be easy to get out.
	Ayeka sighed, and began to scale the slippery slope.  It was slow, but she
was making progress.
	"It's cold in here."
	Ayeka slipped, and slid down the wet plane.  She crashed unceremoniously
on the ground.  She spun around.  A tall dark figure rose from the pale light in
the hole in the room. It's body was frial and withered, and a hideous red mask
adorned it's face.
	"And dark." The withered figure twisted and writhed.  The mask cracked and
shattered, as the skin expanded, the wrinkles fading and the body gaining muscle
and shape.  Soon Ryoko stood there, naked, in the pale light.
	"I don't like it!  I don't like it at all!"
	"Ryoko!"
	Ryoko held up her hand.  Energy flowed from around the room, and formed
into an orb in front of her.  Suddenly the energy blasted into Ayeka, sending
her spinning off to one side.  She crashed into the wall.  Slowly, she stood up,
dazed by what had just happened.
	"Ryoko...What are you doing?"
	"Why did you do this to me?  Why did you send me into this cold, dark
place?"
	"No!  I didn't!  Yosho put you here, because he had to.  Because of
Kagato." Another blast rocketed forth.  Ayeka tried to block it, but her shield
would not come, and she smashed into the wall again.  Again, she staggered to
her feet.
	"No!  You did!  Tenchi put me here, because he had to.  Because of YOU!"
This time, the energy flowed in a constant stream, pinning her against the wall.
	"Ryoko!  I'm sorry!  I didn't mean to-" The energy stopped and Ayeka
dropped to the floor.  Her clothes burned away, she lay naked on the floor, her
skin bright red from the heat of the attack.
	"Didn't mean to what?  Take Tenchi from me?  I think you did."
	"I didn't mean to chase you away.  I wanted you to stay!"
	"Well you did a real bad job of that Princess!" Hatred filled her voice.
"Thanks to you, I'm trapped in this cave." She closed her eyes, and trembled.
Her voice slipped into the soft frightened voice of the child that Ryoko truly
was.  "This cold, dark cave.  It's so cold!  It's so dark!  Can't you feel how
cold and dark it is?" The light from Ryoko's cell faded, and Ayeka was thrown
into pitch blackness.  The cold winds flowed across her naked body, and she
shivered uncontrollably.
	"Tenchi was my warmth, he was my light." The tone was solemn again, the
fear gone from her voice, as anger slowly rose again as she spoke.  "I may be
able to stand in the sun now, but what does that matter, when all that's left
inside is this cold..." The winds whipped up, until Ayeka thought she would 
freeze to death.  "...dark..." Somehow, it became even darker, darker than the 
blackest night.  Darkness so great she could not even be sure she still existed.
"...cave!" 
	After a long period of silence, of Ayeka's body being torn by the cold 
winds, of her sanity being torn by the oblivion of darkness, light and heat were
born again, in the form of Ryoko's energy orb, which stained her face a hideous
red, and reflected an evil crimson light off her eyes.  It grew bigger and
brighter, as Ryoko's eyes filled with rage.  "You took it away from me! You sent
me to this hell!  I endured this hell for so long, on the hopes that one day I
would be free!  But now I will never be free!  And it's all your fault!  So
now...you...DIE!" The energy shot forth, flying towards Ayeka.
	She felt it burn through her skin.
	It was so cold.
	She felt it break through her ribs.
	It was so dark.
	She felt it pierce her heart.
	"Ryoko!" She screamed as she sat up.
	"Ayeka!  Are you alright?"
	"Ryoko?  Is that you?"
	"No, silly.  It's me, Sasami!"
	Ayeka finally realized that the darkness was gone, that she could see.
She sat on her futon, in her own room, the room she shared with Sasami.  Sasami
had a death-grip on Ayeka's arm, and looked at her with worried eyes.
	"Oh, Ryoko.  She-she hates me.  She wants to kill me." Ayeka cried.
	"That's not true!" Sasami pouted.  "I'm sure she's just upset.  She'll
come back. I promise."
	"I hope your right.  Will she ever forgive me?" This last part she said to
herself, but Sasami didn't realize that.
	"Yup!  I'm positive.  I have to go make breakfast now.  Don't stay in bed
too long or..."
	"...you'll take root!" She and Sasami said, bursting out laughing at their
mother's old threat.

	Silence fell over the breakfast table, where Ayeka, Tenchi, and Sasami
ate.  Nobuyuki took his food into the other room, and ate while watching over
the sleeping form of Washu.  Mihoshi had accidentally knocked something into her
door, preventing it from being opened from the outside, and was so sound asleep
that their voices couldn't wake her up.  It wasn't the first time.
	Sasami frowned at Ayeka and Tenchi, as they absent mindedly picked at
their food, their chopsticks clinking a steady beat.  She frowned at the Royal
Teardrop that Ayeka wore in her hair, and the one Tenchi had tucked in his
pocket.  <It's not fair!> she thought.  <They're in love! This should be a happy
time!  Why'd you have to go Ryoko?>
	Tenchi sighed, as he placed his chopsticks down atop his bowl.
	"Thank you for the great meal, Sasami." He said, more out of habit than
out of sincerity.  He didn't even remember what he just ate, more or less how
good it tasted.  "I suppose I should go tell Grandpa, before I leave for
school."
	"School?" Ayeka said fearfully.  "You can't!  You can't leave me here!  I
need you!"
	"Ayeka.  Please don't make this harder on me.  You think I wanna go to
school at a time like this?  I have to.  If I don't, my friends will think the
worst, and then they'll come over to make sure I haven't killed myself.  It's
happened before.  The last thing we need now is guests.  If I hurry, I can make
it to the shrine, and still catch the bus."
	"No need, Tenchi." Katsuhito said from the doorway.  He walked in, and sat
down, as calm and steady as ever.  He bowed to Sasami, and picked up his
chopsticks.  "I already know." He began calmly eating.  His serenity made Tenchi
want to scream at him.
	"But, how?"
	"Funaho told me about Ayeka, her feelings were so strong that they
emminated through her crown, and I saw Ryo-oki leave.  I may not know the
details, but I know the important things.  You'd better hurry, or you'll miss
your bus, Tenchi."
	"Yes, grandfather.  Ayeka.  I'll come home as soon as possible.  I
promise."
	"Yes...please do."
	Tenchi paused as he stepped through the door.
	"Ayeka?"
	"Yes?"
	"Nevermind." Tenchi sighed, as he slid the door shut.
	Tenchi leaned against the wall of the house for a moment, his eyes shut in
sorrow.  <How will I make it through the day?>

	It was lunchtime, but Tenchi didn't order anything.  He sulked off to a
tree in the corner of the yard, and rested against it.  It reminded him of
Ryo-oh, and he thought of Ayeka.  His thoughts were disrupted by a familiar
voice.
	"Tenchi!" Masami Kikuchi waved, as he sat down, his tray laden with food.
"Good, your depressed out of your mind.   For a moment, I thought you were
happy, and that would mean the end of the world.  Either that or Washu put you
on prozac." Masami was Tenchi's best friend, and although many knew of the
beautiful women who boarded in his house, Masami was the only one who Tenchi had
told the truth too.  Surprisingly, Masami had believed him from day one, and
Tenchi had come to him to relieve his burden many times.  Masami was the only
person who ever dared talk to Tenchi the day after his mother's death, although
Tenchi often wished he wouldn't.
	"Y'know what Tenchi?" Masami said to his groggy classmate.  "Ever since I
met you, there have been two Mother's Days."
	"Huh?"
	"Every year, you skip school on your mother's aniversary.  You come in the
next day, groggy and depressed, and guilt trip me, and probably everybody else
in the class, until I buy my mom an expensive gift to show her that I love her."
	"Whatever." Tenchi said, as he rest his head against the tree, closing his
eyes.
	"So you finally proposed to Ayeka."
	"What?" Tenchi sat upright.  "Not so loud!" He hissed.  "How did you
know?"
	"That blissful smile you had a moment ago.  I knew you finally made up
your mind. I just assumed that you had proposed, because if you hadn't, I'd have
to beat you royally."
	"How'd you know it was Ayeka?"
	"It's always been Ayeka."
	"Huh?"
	"You've been in love with Ayeka since the begining.  I could tell just by
the way you talked about them."
	"Y'know, if you had brought that to my attention earlier, things might not
be as bad as they are." Tenchi groaned as he sat back down.
	"Aha!  I thought something was wrong, other than the fact that you live
with a sexy space demon who wants you bad, and you're still a virgin."
	"Shut up."
	"Seriously.  Your acting more depressed than usual, and you keep touching
that strange flower in your pocket.  What is it?"
	"It's a Royal Teardrop, a Jurian flower.  It's the Jurian symbol for when
they have entered a time of great sorrow and loss."
	"So what happened?"
	"It's none of your business." Tenchi mumbled.
	"Has Kagato come back from the dead?  Or did your dad merely try to video
tape the girls in the baths again?"
	"I thought you said you we're going to be serious."
	"Alright then.  Serious.  Is there some threat to you or one of the girls?
Jurai? Earth? Anything like that?"
	"Not that I know of."
	"Did Ayeka and Ryoko trash your aunt's hotel again?  Has Sasami begun
assimilating with Tsunami?  C'mon, Tenchi.  You've confided in me this long.
It's unfair, and not very friendly, if you stop now.  What happened?"
	"Ryoko's gone!  Are you happy!" Tenchi yelled.
	"Of course not.  I really wanted to meet her.  I told you that you should
let me come over, and now it's too late."
	"Can't you stay serious for more than two sentences?"
	"Ah, one of the unanswerable questions of the universe.  Alright.  Let me
figure this one out.  I don't know what made you decide, but you finally realize
that you are in love with Ayeka.  Now, being the kind-hearted guy you are, you
wouldn't just confess your love to Ayeka immediately, you'd talk to Ryoko first,
make sure she understands.  Right?"
	"Yeah." Tenchi said, rather annoyed by Masami's ability to read him so
well.
	"But, you encounter Ayeka first.  You bumble your way through a
conversation with her, failing miserably to sidestep the issue.  The result is
Ayeka is furious and threatens to leave you."
	"Close.  She actually thought I loved Ryoko, so she wanted to leave me."
	"So you propose on the spot, in a cliche moment of poetry.  And right as
you kiss your new fiance, cue Ryoko."
	"Wrong!  I hardly got the ring onto her finger before Ryoko showed up."
	"So how'd it go from there."
	"Alright." Tenchi sighed.  "Ryoko saw me slipping the ring onto Ayeka's
finger. She ran and-"
	"Hold it!  Ryoko doesn't run."
	"I think I know more about what happened, and about Ryoko in general, than
you, so just listen.  I chased her through the forest, until she summoned
Ryo-oki, and fled."
	"Give her time to cool.  She'll come back.  Then maybe you can set me up
with her."
	"Are you that clueless?  She's not coming back.  I destroyed her world."
	"Pretty cocky aren't we?  How can you be so sure?"
	"First of all, I know Ryoko.  But if you're looking for more concrete
evidence, she broke her psychic link with Washu?"
	"Her what?"
	"Right, I never told you about that.  Never came up, and besides, that's
kinda private.  Not that it matters now, cuz it's gone.  When Washu created
Ryoko, she created a psychic link between them, I think through a brain tissue
transplant or something, Ryoko has one with Ryo-oki, too.  They can see
eachothers thoughts and such.  Anyway, even when Washu was in the Reverse side,
the link remained, preventing Washu from going insane, well more insane than she
already is.  I didn't think anything short of death could break it, but
apparently Ryoko's dispair gave her enough strength to severe it.  And...and
it's...all...my..."
	"Hold that thought.  Let's get out of here."
	"What?"
	"You aren't going to be good for the rest of the day.  I'm gonna take you
home."

	"Mihoshi?  Mihoshi?  MIHOSHI!" Ayeka screamed.  The only response was
Mihoshi groaning, muttering something about a teddy bear, and shifting around in
her blankets. It was already past noon.  Mihoshi had missed both breakfast and
lunch, which was very unlike her.  While she did like to sleep this was a bit
extreme.
	"Mihoshi!  If you do not open this door, I shall remove it forcefully!"
	A small rustling was immediately followed, by the door sliding open, and
Ayeka was face to face with a yawning Mihoshi.
	"Good morning, Miss Ayeka.  How are you doing?"
	"It's afternoon already.  I was concerned.  It's not like you to miss out
on a meal, more or less two."
	"Oh, well I guess I was just tired from staying up so late worrying about
Tenchi, and you and Ryoko, and I must've slept really soundly."
	"I'll bet." Ayeka murmured.  The rings under Mihoshi's eyes betold of
anything but a peaceful sleep.
	"What'd you say Ayeka?"
	"Nothing.  Come join me in the baths.  I believe we have some things to
discuss."
	"Okay!" Mihoshi said cheerfully.  "Can I talk to Sasami first, because I'm
really hungry?" Ayeka breathed a sigh of relief, to see the carefree woman
acting normal.

	Masami frowned as he drove down the country roads.  Tenchi sat silently
next to him, staring at nothing, lost in thought.
	<Damn you, Ryoko!  How could you do this to Tenchi?  This should be his
time of joy.  He has the woman of his dreams, he should be on top of the world.
It might have finally cured him of this "Day of Darkness" thing, but now, that
day is even darker than before. How can you do this to somebody you love?>
	"Tenchi.  Tenchi?  Tenchi!"
	"Huh?"
	"We're here.  Now we can get you happy, and I can finally meet all those
beautiful women!"

	Her sorrow temporarily forgotten, Mihoshi cheerfully thought about the
warm watters of the floating springs.  She darted down the stairs, and into the
kitchen.
	"Why hello, Mihoshi!" Sasami smiled.  "We were worried about you."
	"You were?  That's so sweet!" Mihoshi giggled.  "Umm, can I have something
to eat?"
	"We've got plenty of carrots, cuz Tenchi says Ryo-oki isn't coming back."
Sasami sniffed.
	"Tenchi doesn't know everything."  Mihoshi sighed.  "I'm sure we'll see
her again." she said cheerfully, which seemed to brighten, Sasami's mood.
Mihoshi took a couple carrots and walked back out to Ayeka.

	Washu wandered down the swirling maze.  They were coming.  She didn't have
much time.  She had to find it.
	"Ah, there you are teacher!" A hideous voice laughed.  She spun around to
face the evil grin of Kagato.  Behind him, the two serpentine guardians of the
Shoja coiled, poised to strike.
	"Scared?  Why don't you summon your daughter?  It is a simple matter,
really."
	"I...I..."
	"You can't, can you?  Because your link is broken.  I told you she was
waste material."
	"No!  She's not!  She's my daughter!"
	"Well, she's failed as that too, because she's can't save you now.  Or
rather, you can't save her." Kagato snapped his fingers.  Ryoko phased into
being, in her red and black war suit.  Her normally golden eyes, beautiful
golden eyes, now glowed with the nauteating green of Kagato's mind control.
	"Go ahead... wrest her from my clutches.  You can't.  You neglected her,
and now you pay the price.  You cannot attempt to fight my control, because you
cannot enter Ryoko's mind, because she broke the link, because she didn't want
to be associated with such a cruel 'mother.'  Ryoko.  Kill her."
	Ryoko formed her sword and dove towards Washu, who could not move, could
only stare in horror at the rage in Ryoko's eyes.
	In her golden eyes.
	This was Ryoko, not Kagato.  Washu had failed her, and this was
retribution.
	"I didn't mean to!" She cried, as she sat up.  She blinked as she stared
into Nobuyuki's bloodshot eyes.
	"You know, I'm beginning to understand why Tenchi finds it so annoying
when Ryoko watches over him in his sleep."  She choked, realizing what she just
said, and started crying into her hands.  Nobuyuki hugged her, and she cried on
his shoulder instead.
	Ayeka and Mihoshi came out of the kitchen.  Ayeka weighed the situation
then turned to Mihoshi.
	"Come, Mihoshi.  Washu will be fine.  We should probably leave them
alone."
	"So when is the wedding?" Mihoshi asked absently, distracted by Washu.
This causing Ayeka to freeze, and Washu to stare up from Nobuyuki's shoulder.
	"How-how did you know?"
	"Um, I...well...I saw the ring."
	"Oh." Ayeka said, a bit disappointed in such a simple answer, and
embarrassed by her exagerated reaction.  "We...haven't decided yet.  Things are
too chaotic to worry about that right now." She said as she stepped outside, and
towards the floating springs.
	Washu's mind ran twistedly over the information she had just learned.

	"Now everybody's really upset about Ryoko, so could you try to tone down
the attitude?"
	"No prob." He flashed his white smile.
	Tenchi sighed as he opened the door.  Tenchi opened his eyes just in time
to see nothing but glowing red energy.
	Tenchi went careening backwards, slamming into a tree outside the house. 
Masami jumped to the side, as Washu calmly stepped outside, smoke rising from
her fingers.
	"Little Washu?" Tenchi said, shaking his head, trying to regain his sense
of reality.
	"It's all your fault!" She cried as she shot another blast at Tenchi.  The
blue blade flashed, as Tenchi brought his name sake up into a block, absorbing
the blast.
	"What are you talking about?" Tenchi screamed as Washu charged him, an
energy sword forming in her hand.  Tenchi flipped backwards, avoiding her
attack.  She pressed the attack, and Tenchi continued to flip away from her
swings, deeper into the wood.  He flipped up onto a stump, landing in a
exaggerated crouching stance, Tenchi-ken held in a defensive position.  Washu
paused.  She pointed a finger at him and yelled.
	"It's all your fault!  Ryoko left because of you!  If you had chosen
sooner...she would still be here!  She wouldn't have broken the link!" Washu
charged Tenchi again.  Tenchi let the blade of Tenchi-ken fade, as Washu came
closer and closer.  He did not prepare to dodge, or block.  He merely stood
there, as Washu thrust the blade towards Tenchi.
	The blade vanished at the last moment, and Washu tripped and fell into
Tenchi's expecting arms.
	"If Tenchi-ken has taught me one thing, it's that energy blades are very
fickle.  You're too upset to use one."
	Washu pulled herself from Tenchi's grip, with a strength that surprised
him.  She summoned an energy blast right in front of his face.
	"You should've chosen sooner!  You should've chosen-"
	"Ryoko?" Katsuhito said.  Washu and Tenchi turned to see him leaning
against a tree. "That's what you want to say, isn't it,  Little Washu?  That
Tenchi should've chosen Ryoko."
	"Stay out of this, Yosho!" Washu growled.  "It doesn't concern you!  Do
not assume to know my thoughts!"
	"Surely you know that if Tenchi admitted his love earlier, it would not
have made things better.  If he had professed his love for Ayeka earlier, there
is no telling what destruction Ryoko may have caused.  The friendship she has
formed with Ayeka, and the presence of Zero, the epitome of her love, within
her, are what prevented her from doing something horrible. Something worse than
running."
	"Tenchi shouldn't have toyed with her!  He shouldn't have led her along!"
	"Tenchi did not lead.  Ryoko followed.  It's not as if Tenchi seduced her.
She loved him before he even knew she was more than just a legend.  It is
Ryoko's fault that this happened, for she knew that Tenchi has always loved
Ayeka."
	"Am I the only one who didn't know that?" Tenchi groaned.
	"That's a lie!" Washu screamed.
	"Is it?" Katsuhito asked.  "You would know her feelings better than I.
But answer me one question.  Why didn't she attack Kagato with her full power?
Why did she feel it was necessary that Ayeka live, when she was willing to
sacrifice herself?"
	"Because...because..."
	"Because, despite the proof that Tenchi was dead, she clung to the tiny
hope that he might still be alive, a hope which proved true.  If he was, it was
more important that Ayeka lived, rather than herself."
	"No!" Silence filled the woods, as Washu's energy orb still hung in the
air, red light reflecting off droplets of sweat that hung on Tenchi's face.
After an unending moment, the ball of energy flickered and disipated.  Washu
dropped to her knees, sobbing.  "I'm sorry, Tenchi! I-I just needed to blame
someone, to convince myself it wasn't my fault."
	"It wasn't your fault.  It was my-" Tenchi got cut off as Katsuhito
smashed him with his bokken.
	"Foolish boy!" He growled.  "Didn't you listen to a word I said?  It is
not your fault, nor is it Washu's, Ayeka's, or mine.  The only one who is at
fault is Ryoko, for clinging to a false hope, for denying the truth in front of
her.  But can you blame her for that?  I know I cannot." Katsuhito's anger
disappeared, and he was calm and steady, as usual.  "Now let us greet Masami,
who brought Tenchi home, before he thinks we are barbarians." Katsuhito spun
around and began to walk back towards the house.  Tenchi started to follow, when
he noticed that Washu made no attempts to move, merely stood there, staring
down, tears running down her cheeks.
	"Washu?  Are you alright?"
	"No.  I'm not alright.  I...I was going to kill you, just to relieve my
guilt, to throw it upon you and elimate it along with you."
	"You could never kill me.  That's how I knew your blade would fail."
	"But I tried!  How can I ever redeem myself?"
	"There is one thing?"
	"What?  Anything!"
	"You come with me back into the house, and forget that this ever
happened."
	"But-"
	"No, Washu.  You didn't attack me.  That was not you.  That was a
 desperate woman who couldn't handle the loss of her daughter.  That's not the
Washu I know, that was somebody else.  That person is gone now, so forget it.
Deal?"
	"Thank you Tenchi!" Washu hugged him, her face happy for the first time
since last night.

	Ayeka and Mihoshi slowly settled into the pool of water, letting the warm
waters soothe their muscles and strained nerves.
	"Mihoshi.  What is wrong?  It's more than just Ryoko leaving, isn't it?"
	"Yes." Mihoshi sniffed.  "This place has been so wonderful!  I've been all
over the galaxy and I've never found a place more beautiful, or with nicer
people.  I wanted things to stay the way they were forever, but now they have to
change.  I'm afraid of what will happen next.  I'll have to return to report
this, and then I might get assigned to another quadrant."
	Ayeka was silent for a while, thinking of what to say.
	"Mihoshi..." Ayeka started, then noticed that the police woman was asleep.
	"Asleep again?" she sighed.  "Honestly, what is the point in trying to
have a conversation with you?" She said with mock annoyance.
	"I am most displeased, Princess Ayeka." A strong male voice came from
behind her.  She shrieked as she spun around.
	"Stop that!" Azusa's image yelled.  "It's unbecoming of the First Princess
of Jurai."
	"Father!"
	"I will be arriving shortly.  Then we shall discuss your choice in
husbands."
	"H-h-how did you know?"
	"Yosho sent a message to Funaho about it last night.  We shall arrive
before dinner."
	"Wow!" Mihoshi cried exitedly.  "I'll get to dine with the Emporer of
Jurai!"
	Azusa looked past Ayeka at the now awake and quite cheery woman who sat in
the waters.  A bright red crept up his face.
	"Um, ah, Funaho wishes to speak to you." His image was hastily replaced
with the sharp but gentle features of Funaho.
	"Aunt Funaho." Ayeka bowed her head.
	"Even when you bathe, you keep the Royal Teardrop in your hair.  Are you
so upset, even though you are to wed Tenchi?" Ayeka's hand touched the deep
purple flower, pinned in her hair by her crown.
	"Yes.  I can't help but feel responsible for Ryoko's departure.  If I had
been more understanding to her, than perhaps Tenchi's choice would not have hurt
her so.  Despite our differences and our fighting, after Sasami, she was my best
and closest friend.  I worry for what will befall her, with nowhere to go, and
nobody to help her."
	"It is as Yosho feared.  You blame yourself for matters out of your hand."
	"I do not think it so.  I have been bitter to her, despite the pain it
caused Tenchi, out of selfish jealousy that he would pick her over me."
	"Are you so vain?  Your actions would have made no difference.  Unless you
had acted as someone other than yourself, Tenchi would still chose you, and
Ryoko would flee. It was the fact that she had lost that drove her away, not who
she lost too."
	"I wish I could believe that.  But still..."
	"You must not let this hang over you so.  If you do, it will destroy you.
we will speak more when I arrive."
	"You are coming too?  That means that..."
	"Yes.  Your mother will be here as well.  She would say hi, but she
detests the 'sterilness' of such communications."
	"Yes, she does." Ayeka smiled.  "Farewell.  I will see you this evening,
Aunt Funaho."
	"Good-bye, gentle Ayeka.  I do hope you will have removed that flower by
the time we speak again."
	The image disappeared, and Ayeka was alone again with Mihoshi.
	"Let's go, Mihoshi.  We must prepare for their arrival." Ayeka waded over
to the other side of the spring, and began to wash herself.  Mihoshi followed
suit.
	"I'd better make sure my uniform is clean, and my salute is sharp, and,
oh, I need to run over Jurian ettiquite again.  As the only representative of
the Galaxy Police it's my duty to make a good impression.  Wah!" Mihoshi burst
out into tears.  "I'm so nervous!"
	"Mihoshi!  Let go of me!  We do not have time for such games!  Mihoshi!"

	Washu and Tenchi emerged from the forest, to see Katsuhito leaning against
the door to the house, as if in meditation.  Next to him was a very worried
Masami, who breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Tenchi.
	"Tenchi!  You're alright.  When Washu attacked you, I was afraid that-"
	"Me?" Washu smiled cutely.  "Attack Tenchi?  Why would I do a think like
that? I'm too little to fight with Tenchi."
	"But..."
	"Do not worry so." Katsuhito said.  "It was merely one of Tenchi's
training exercises."
	"Tenchi looked pretty surprised by it."
	"Of course he was.  The point was that he wasn't expecting it.  Tenchi!"
Katsuhito snapped suddenly, light flashing off his glasses as he looked up at
his grandson.  "You were most impressive out there." Tenchi smiled at the hidden
message within Katsuhito's words. "But I'm disappointed in you, Tenchi.  Washu's
first attack went unblocked, no attempt even made.  You should be more alert,
Tenchi.  Go to the shrine and begin your chores.  I want the entire place clean
by dinnertime."
	"But-"
	"Don't worry.  Masami is fine with me.  I'll introduce-" Katsuhito was cut
short as the door hastily slid open behind him, dropping him to the floor.
Nobuyuki peered out, not even noticing the fallen man.
	"Masami!"
	"Mr. Masaki." Masami bowed.
	"I haven't seen you in ages.  Tenchi doesn't invite people over nearly as
often, just because his house is twice as far away, and is home to a two-person
war."
	"Dad." Tenchi groaned, an embarrased smile on his face.
	"So how have you been, Masami?  You'll be Tenchi's best man of course.  Is
Tenchi behaving in school?"
	"See?" Katsuhito said, sitting up suddenly, talking as if nothing had
happened. "Everything will be fine here.  Go clean the shrine.  Now!"
	Tenchi bowed and started his slow walk towards the shrine.  A rock hit him
in the back of the head.
	"Don't daudle!  Remeber!  Clean by dinnertime.  You'll be in trouble if it
isn't."

	"What do you think?  Will he notice?  I don't know where it came from?  I
mean, I've tried everything to get it out?  It's pretty small.  He probably
won't even see it.  Do you think he'll see it?  Maybe I can cover it up with
something.  Do you know what might get this out?  I'd hate to embarass the
entire Galaxy Police because of one-"
	"Mihoshi." Ayeka sighed, rubbing her temples.  "I'm sure Lord Azusa,
Emperor of the proud and mighty Jurian Empire, will not care about a tiny
ketchup stain on your uniform." Ayeka looked up to the sky.  <Father...that is
one problem I don't need right now.>
	Her crown glowed as the rainbow words of Funaho filled her head.  It spoke
of the beauty of the hills, the loveliness of the valley, of nothing in
particular.
	"Hmm." She walked quickly through the woods, ignoring Mihoshi's questions
of where they were going.
	Ayeka stepped out of the woods, in front of the lake that surrounded the
ancient tree. In front of it, Katsuhito stood, his hand resting on his tree,
rainbow lights shooting from the leaves and off of the waters around it.
Another man stood with him, stared at the tree, bathed in the beauty of Funaho's
words, the lights bluring his form.  For an instant, Ayeka thought it was
Tenchi, but she realized it wasn't.  <Tenchi would not act so amazed, for he had
seen this before.  Besides, Tenchi is a little taller, not quite so big.  His
head is a bit larger, and his arms slightly longer.>
	"And who is this?" Ayeka said as she crossed the stone steps that led to
Funaho's island.
	"Hello, Ayeka." Katsuhito smiled.  He removed his hand from Funaho, and
the colors faded from the sky.  "You were not in the baths long.  Is something
wrong?"
	"Father is coming, and we have much to do to prepare for his arrival." She
smiled as she turned to the stranger.  "Greetings.  I am Ayeka Jurai, one of
Nobuyuki's wards."
	"And First Princess of Jurai, recently betrothed to 'Lord' Tenchi, Crown
Prince of Jurai." the man said, matter-of-factly. <How did he know?>  "I'm
Masami." he smiled, as if that was an answer to the question her expression
asked.
	"Pleased to meet you Masami." Ayeka bowed.  "Are you a friend of
Tenchi's?"
	Masami's smile disappeared.  "You mean...Tenchi never told you about me?"
	"Why would he Masami?" Katsuhito asked.  "He doesn't have such problems at
school to confess to us.  With this crowd, school is very quickly forgotten.
I'm surprised his grades haven't slipped."
	"Well, yeah, but with all my hounding him to let me visit, I thought he'd
at least..."
	"I apologize Masa...mi..." Ayeka trailed off, as she stared at him.
Tucked behind one ear, was a very familiar flower, it's petals mirroring the
color of Yosho's eyes.  Her shock quickly became anger.  "W...why do you wear
such a flower?  I command you remove it at once!  You cannot possibly understand
the significance of such an action!"
	"The Royal Teardrop, right?  Like the one you wear in your hair, and the
one pinned to Tenchi's shirt?  The flower which you Jurian's use to show they
have entered a period of new loss and sorrows, correct?"
	"Y-yes..."
	"If your wondering how I knew that, I asked Tenchi about the one he's
wearing."
	"You have yet to answer my question, nor have you heeded my demand.  I
demand to know your thoughts for placing that most sacred flower upon your ear?"
	"First of all, I'm not within your jurisdiction, so I don't have to obey
you, although if you ask nicely..." He flashed a bright smile.  "I have a
weakness for pretty women."
	"How dare you mock me!" Ayeka snapped.
	"Hmm," He thought for a moment.  "Pretty much the same way I mock everyone
else." 
	"You'll have to forgive Masami." Katsuhito said calmly.  "He has always
had problems staying serious.  It's the signs of a simple mind."
	"Hey, ease off, Yosho."
	"I have asked you not to call me that!  I am Katsuhito.  That other name
means nothing but memories to me now."
	"You still have not answered my question.  What reasons can you possibly
have for placing this flower with your body?"
	"I've entered a time of loss and sorrows.  Tenchi struggles with guilt and
conflicting emotions, as he enters a time of torment, where a time of joy should
have been.  I feel the loss of Tenchi's happiness, and feel the sorrows of my
best friend.  And unless I have misunderstood, and this flower does not properly
represent my feelings, I shall not remove it until my mission is done, and
Tenchi's life is filled with the joy it should be.  Until he is relieved of his
guilt, and happily within in your arms, the flower shall remain."
	"I...I am sorry, Masami.  I did not realize how close you were to Tenchi. 
Surely, Tenchi is lucky to have a friend like you.  I apologize for my harsh
words.  You do our society honor by wearing it.  Oh, but I have been rude.  I
have not introduced my friend, Miho-Mihoshi!" Mihoshi knelt by the edge of the
crystal clear lake, splashing water on her uniform jacket.
	"Huh?" She stared up at the princess, who sighed.
	"This is my close friend, First Class Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu, of the
Galaxy Police."
	"Oh, hello!" Mihoshi smiled.
	"Hi, I'm Twelfth Class Student Masami Kikuchi, of Oriyama High School."
	"There you go again, Masami." Katsuhito mumbled.  "You will have to lose
the attitude when my father arrives.  He is not as forgiving as Ayeka or I."
	"You call what you made Tenchi do forgiving?"
	"Compared to Lord Azusa, yes."
	"Where is Tenchi?" Ayeka asked, brightened by the fact that he was home.
	"He is doing chores at the shrine.  I want it clean when our parents get
here."
	"I'll help him." Ayeka said as she began to cross the stones to the shore.
	"Me too.  I've seen what I wanted here." Masami followed Ayeka.
	"No." Katsuhito said, solemnly.  "You two aren't going to help him."
	"Why not?  That's a lot of work for one depressed guy."
	"You have more important things to do, if you wish to remain here to help
Tenchi. Ayeka, you must teach Masami of Jurian ettiquite, at least enough to get
him through tonight's meeting.  It wouldn't do for father to arrest him, just
because he didn't know how to act."
	"He can't arrest me." Masami said to Ayeka, as they walked towards the
house. "We're out of his jurisdiction."
	"Technically, the Jurian Empire has laid claim to Sol and it's orbiting
planets."
	"What?"
	"Wait for me!" Mihoshi cried as she raced after them, her jacket flapping
in her hand. "I need to brush up on Jurian ettiquite too!"

	Sweep.  Sweep.  Sweep.
	Tenchi bent all his mind towards the simple task, refusing to let it
wander towards Ryoko.
	"Miya!" A cheerful voice sounded behind him.  Tenchi spun around with
hope.
	"Meow." The cat purred.
	"Stupid cat." Tenchi grumbled, as he continued to sweep.  "Stupid
grandfather. Why does this whole shrine need to be cleaned by tonight?  I
promised Ayeka I'd be with her when I got home from school."
	Tenchi thought about what his grandfather had said earlier.
	"If he had professed his love for Ayeka earlier, there is no telling what
destruction Ryoko may have caused."
	<Is he right?  Would confessing earlier have made this situation worse,
instead of better?  But if I had been honest with her, maybe she wouldn't have
gotten so crazy over me.>
	"Tenchi did not lead.  Ryoko followed.  It's not as if Tenchi seduced her.
She loved him before he even knew she was more than just a legend.  It is
Ryoko's fault that this happened, for she knew that Tenchi has always loved
Ayeka."
	<Is it Ryoko's fault?  That doesn't seem right.  But if what Grandpa said
is true, than I suppose it is.  Even so, there was something I could've done,
there had to be.  If I had talked to her first, I could've stopped her from
leaving.  It's not that simple, Grandpa.>
	Tenchi worked hard, throwing his entire mind back into the task, his anger
at Grandpa, Ryoko, and himself, adding to the effort.

	"Wait." Mihoshi said.  "I'm confused.  When do I welcome them?"
	"You don't welcome them." Ayeka sighed.  The sun was low in the sky,
casting long shadows across the lake infront of the Masaki house.  Thanks to
some of Washu's fun, Ayeka was dressed as a teacher, and Mihoshi, and Washu were
dressed in the female version of Masami's school uniform.  A chalkboard floated
behind Ayeka, with a detailed drawing of the Masaki residence, complete with
vectors of the forces and numbers depicting things such as the weight of the
house, and the volume of the water in the lake.  "You are a guest to both this
planet and this house.  Masami will-" She was cut off by Washu's groaning as she
wiggled her hand eagerly in the air.
	"What is it Little Washu?"
	"I know the answer Ayeka-sensai!  Pick me, pick me!"
	Ayeka sighed.  She was not in the mood for such games.  <Why can't she
just let me teach Masami and get it over with.  I need to be with Tenchi.  I'll
be safe then.> Ayeka immediately cursed herself for such thoughts.  Throughout
the day, she kept thinking she saw Ryoko coming to destroy her and take Tenchi.
She knew such thoughts were foolish, that Ryoko would not leave so quickly, if
she was just going to come back to kill her.  Still she could not get the
thought out of her head.  <Ryoko would not kill me.> she told herself.  But
she wasn't sure.
	"Ayeka-sensai?" Washu asked.  "Are you okay?  Maybe you should go see the
nurse." Ayeka looked up at Washu smiling evilly, dressed in her nurse outfit.
	"No!  I-I'll be fine.  Why don't you tell the class what the proper
greeting to Lord Azusa is."
	"Yay!" Washu clapped, the nurse suit gone.  She darted up to the chalk
board. "Okay.  Masami will be standing here." She drew a stick figure at the far
end of the bridge, away from the house.  "Nobuyuki stands at the end of the
bridge, at the door, and Katsuhito and Sasami stand just off to the side. I will
be standing on the path, right in front of Nobuyuki.  Tenchi and Ayeka will be
upstairs, and Mihoshi is with them."  She drew more stick figures.  "Am I right
so far, Ayeka-sensai?"
	"Yes, Little Washu." Ayeka said impatiently.
	"Okay.  Azusa's ship will come to rest here." She drew a cartoonish U.F.O.
beyond the bridge.  "Funaho and Misaki will come first, with Azusa following
behind them, and he's followed by any lords and servants he brings with him,
lords in front of servants."
	"That is correct." Ayeka said in response to Washu's childish questioning
look.
	"Alright, then we strike!" Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Masami sweatdropped, as
Washu scribbled lines and arrows on the board.  "Ayeka and Mihoshi will open
fire from the roof, while Masami guards the end of the bridge, to block off
reinforcements.  Tenchi will do a swan dive from his window, into the water and
surface to help Masami.  Nobuyuki, Katsuhito, and I then charge.  Nobuyuki and I
fend off the two Queens, while Katsuhito engages Lord Azusa, in a grizly fight
to the finish.  Sasami will tend to the wounded."
	Ayeka facefaulted.  She popped up, the vein in her forehead bulging.
"We're supposed to greet them, not kill them!" She yelled at Washu.  In
response, Washu carefully studied the diagram she had just drawn.
	"Oh!  Well then I guess this wouldn't be what we want to do." Washu walked
sullenly back to her seat.
	"As I was saying-"
	"You haven't asked Masami yet." Washu smiled.
	"Can't we just-"
	"Masami gets to try." Washu shoved Masami forward.
	"Fine.  Masami.  Do you recall how the proper greeting procedures go?"
	"Sure, Ayeka.  No prob-Augh!" He yelped as a small bolt of electricity
leapt from Washu's hand, striking him in the rear.
	"Ayeka..." Washu trailed off expectantly.
	"Ayeka-sensai." He muttered.  "Washu had-Augh!  LITTLE Washu, had all the
locations right, although after that she went a little-Augh!  What was that
for?"
	"Sorry.  Finger slipped.  You were saying?"
	"When Funaho and Misaki come by, I, as a native to this planet and the
only one here with completely Earthen blood, greet them both and hand them each
a native flower. Then, I greet Azusa, thanking him for honoring me and my planet
with his presence, I wait for his response and then I give him the gift.  I bow
and welcome any nobles he brings with him, and nod to any servants, and tell
them where to go.  As the procession reaches the other side, Washu greets them
as representative of the Galaxy Space Academy, and Sasami and Tenchi's
grandfather, Azusa's children,  fall in procession behind him, and in front of
everybody else.  Mr. Masaki, as landowner of the house, then welcomes them to
his house.  Once inside, Tenchi's grandfather, the one of highest rank who lives
here, will summon the betrothed to stand before Azusa.  Ayeka and Tenchi come
down the stairs, with Mihoshi, an official law enforcement agent from an
acknowledged power, as their chaperone.  Mihoshi then greets Azusa as
representative of the Alliance, and of Galaxy Police, and apologizes for
not being able to greet them earlier."
	"That was absolutely correct, Masami."
	"Ayeka!" Katsuhito yelled, from the doorway.  He closed the door quickly,
as a book slammed against the door, then immediatlely opened it again. 
"Ayeka-sensai!" he said in the same tone.
	"Yes, Katsuhito?"
	"Go get Tenchi.  They will be here soon."
	"I'll be back with Tenchi." Ayeka bowed to the three in front of her.
Washu cleared her throat.  Ayeka sighed.  "Class dismissed!"
	"Schools out!" Washu cried, as their costumes vanished and their old
outfits returned.
	Ayeka hurried to the shrine.
	Katsuhito snapped his pocket watch shut.
	"She should get there just in time." He murmered.

	Tenchi had just finished polishing the railings when he heard Ayeka run up
behind him. He spun around, and was caught in her fierce hug.
	"I've missed you so much, Tenchi." Ayeka whispered.
	"I've missed you too." Tenchi murmured softly.
	"We must get ready.  They'll be here soon."
	"Who?"
	"Father and his wives."
	"What?"
	"Didn't Katsuhito tell you?"  Tenchi shook his head rapidedly.
	"So that's why he wanted the entire shrine cleaned.  Well, I'm done, so
let's go."
	Putting the rag away, they turned to go down the stairs.
	And were faced with one of the most beautiful sight either had ever seen.
	The sun was setting beyond the mountains, casting a rainbow of colors
through the skies.  The light seemed to make the leaves of the trees glow as if
by magic, and the entire valley seemed to sparkle with life and beauty.  The
light struck Funaho's lake, casting a bright rainbow around the magical tree,
and Funaho sung, it's rainbow lights dancing with the rainbow in the water.
Ayeka could only stare at the beautiful scene.
	Tenchi had it one better.  The magical valley, it's mystical beauty
awakened by the rays of the setting sun, formed a majestic frame around the
beautiful princess as she stared in wonder and amazement.  The wind teased her
hair, and the light cast a nimbus around the Ayeka's face.
	"Ayeka..." Tenchi whispered, his heart filled with longing.  He stepped up
to her, and placed his arm around her shoulder.  She rested her head on his
chest, and listened to him breathe, a perfect music to the scene in front of
her.
	"Meow?" the cat asked curiously.  Ayeka felt Tenchi go stiff, his breath
stopping for an instant, his arm constricting on her, crushing her against him,
his fingers digging into her skin.  The next second he relaxed, he exhaled, and
loosened his grip.  The sun had almost completely set, the rainbow, the nimbus,
and most of the colors gone.  Funaho had stopped singing.
	Solemnly, the two walked down the stairs.

	Masami loosened his tie as the ship hung in the air.  He wore Tenchi's
best suit, which was just a little too tight.
	A beam shot from the vessel, highlighting the field in front of Masami.
Five sihlouete's appeared in the beam.  The light vanished as quickly as it
came.
	The procession moved in the expected formation and came to a stop several
feet away from the bridge, where Masami stood.
	Funaho continued towards Masami, and stood before him.  She was dressed in
many layers of various colors, with a blue mantle hanging off her shoulders,
hiding her arms.  She wore her hair in two braids that fell in front of her,
framing her face which held a simple beauty, with soft brown eyes, the same as
Tenchi's, and sharp features.  On her forehead was a single dot, the same color
as her hair.
	"First Queen Funaho Jurai." Masami bowed to the first woman.  Funaho
nodded, and Masami stood up.  He reached into his coat, and pulled out a long
stemmed rose.
	"I, Masami Kukuchi, thank you for granting me the honor of welcoming you
to our humble planet, Earth, and back to your homeworld, your highness.  Please,
accept this gift as a token of our appreciation and a symbol that you will
always be welcome here."
	"You are welcome, Sir Masami." Funaho took the flower and held it to her
face for a moment, as she inhaled.  "It has been a long time, since I have
breathed the gentle sweet sent of a rose.  Your gift has made me most happy.  I
thank you Sir Masami."
	Funaho nodded her head, and Masami bowed again.  He stood up and turned
towards Misaki.  She too, walked towards him, at a pace a good deal faster than
Funaho's but no less eloquent.  Her mantle was a deep brown, almost black, and
unlike Funaho's, was closed at the neck.  Below the clasp it opened slightly
revealing similar garb to Funaho's.  She had light blue hair which hung in
bangs, one stubbornly hanging in front of her face.  Unlike the princesses 
Misaki only had one pony tail, which was held by a beautiful wooden hairpiece.
Two dots adorned her forehead, the same blue as her hair.  She had friendly
features; a small nose, a wide smile, shimmering red eyes.  She looked very much
like an older version of Sasami.  Except for the tears welling in her eyes,
which reminded him more of Mihoshi.
	"Second Queen Mi-" Masami was cut off as Misaki rushed forward and crushed
him in a fierce bearhug.  <This was NOT in the program!> He thought as he
struggled to breathe.
	"Oh, Tenchi!  I'm so glad you're going to marry my daughter.  I know you
two will be so happy together."
	"B-But I'm not Tenchi." Masami gasped.
	"Sister." Funaho said calmly, pull her fellow queen back from Masami.  She
released her grip and stared at the young man, who gasped for air.
	"Oh, I'm sorry.  I thought you were Tenchi."
	"Please continue." Funaho smiled.
	"Second Queen Misaki Jurai" he bowed, cautiously, to the second queen.
She nodded and he stood again.
	"I, Masami Kukuchi, thank you for granting me the honor of welcoming you
to our humble planet, Earth, your highness.  Please, accept this gift as a token
of our appreciation and a symbol that you will always be welcome here."
	"Oh, it's so pretty." She said as she held the rose in front of her.
Masami gulped as the tears welled in her eyes again.  "Thank you, Masami!" She
said as she once again crushed him in her grip.  This time she let go by
herself, and stepped back to allow the Emporer Azusa to step forward, the two
nobles following him, and stopping right behind the queens.
	Where Sasami obviously got her looks from the Queen Misaki, Ayeka seemed
to have taken more after her father.  He had the same luxurious purple hair,
running thick down his back, as well as two braids which fell in front of his
shoulders.  He had a similar air of authority and respect like Ayeka's, except
for his was much more intimidating, whereas Ayeka's was more comforting and
friendly.  Unlike Ayeka, his fierce eyes shared the exact shade as the Royal
Teardrop.  Ayeka seemed to have struck a compromise between the two faces,
however, combining the gentle friendliness of Misaki's skin, with the features
of Azusa's proud and chiseled face. Ayeka inherited her light skin from her
mother as well, for Azusa's face was a golden brown, like that of Katsuhito's
and Tenchi's.  He wore a simple black robe, with a light brown, open mantle.  At
the sholders a thick seam marked a switch to dark brown, and several fluffy
balls of white mirrored eachother along the edge of the mantle.
	He stared at Masami, a cold calculating stare, as if judging how much
respect Masami should get, before even allowing him to speak.
	"G-Great Emperor Azusa Jurai, wise ruler of all the planets of Jurai."  He
said as he bowed as low as he could go.  He stared at the floor and worried,
when he realized that he could no longer see if the emperor nodded.
	"You may, stand, representative." He said calmly, very similar in tone to
Katsuhito.
	"I, Masami Kukuchi, thank you for granting me the honor of welcoming you
to our humble planet, your highness.  Please, accept this gift as a token of our
appreciation and a symbol that you will always be welcome here."
	Masami gulped as he drew forth the kitana at his side.  He half expected
Azusa to cut him down for drawing a weapon in front of him, but something told
Masami that this sword was no threat to the emperor.  He held it accross, one
hand resting just before the hilt, the other farther up the blade.  The sword
was made of the finest steel, and it's hilt was made of gold and silver, swirled
together to resemble the fancy carvings that were on all Jurian keys. The sword
was several hundred years old, kept in Katsuhito's hands as a peace-offering to
his father, should the need ever arise, as it finally had.
	"You are welcome." Azusa said as he picked up the sword in one hand, and
tested it's weight.  He lifted it high in the air, and slowly followed a
slashing motion.  He then raised the blade and examined it's edge. After about a
minute, but an hour to Masami, Azusa nodded his head, and returned the sword to
Masami.
	"It is a good gift.  It is accepted." He nodded.  Masami, still as nervous
as ever, sheathed the sword and handed it back to Azusa.  Azusa took it, and
thrust it into his belt.  Again Masami bowed.
	"I am most grateful that you have accepted our gift.  Might I ask your
blessing?"
	Azusa placed one hand on the boy's head.  "May the spirit and wisdom of
Tsunami touch your world and keep it at peace." He muttered.
	"Thank you, great Emperor." He said as he once again raised his head.
	Masami stepped to the side of the bridge, and Misaki and Funaho started to
walk forward again, Azusa who also began walking, once they were one step in
front of him.
	Masami turned to face the two nobles.  A lord and a lady, obviously
brother and sister, appearing to be the same age as Ayeka, not that he'd make
any bets on it.  Both had long blonde-green hair, the woman's in the standard
pony tails which reached her waist.  Both had long, hawk like faces, and deep
blue eyes.
	The man wore a closed white mantle, his gray robe only visible when he
walked. His eyes swept across the scene as if searching for something they
didn't find.  They then came to rest upon Masami.  Unlike the Emperor's gaze,
who seemed to be a way of judging him, of weighing his unseen merits, this mans
gaze merely conveyed the message that he already decided that Masami was not
worthy of any respect.  A sneer came to his face as he looked at the Masaki
residence. Masami believed he was trying to imitate Azusa's intimitating
presence, but to Masami, it merely came off as an annoying arrogance.  <This one
is trouble.> the thought came unbidden to his mind.
	The woman wore an identicle mantle, except hers was pulled back behind her
shoulders, so her outfit was clearly visible.  She only wore two layers beneath
the mantle, a simple white dress with a soft pink blouse over it. Unlike the
queens, her layers did not reach her throat, but rather dipped in the middle,
showing off her breasts slightly, the wooden brooch at her heart drawing more
attention.  A simple sash hugged her dress tightly to her waist, and her dress
stopped much sooner than the others had, revealing the lower halves of her legs.
While her outfit was in no way indescent, not even very revealing, at least not
by Earth standards, it's intent did seem to be to showcase her body, which was
quite nice.  Her eyes had less of that angry look, and her face was not as sharp
as her brothers, her features coming off as beautiful whereas her brothers were
more sinister.  A silver marking shaped like a star rested on her forehead.  
Like her brother her eyes swept the place, only hers lacked the contempt.  She 
smiled at Masami, a look in her eyes  that reminded Masami of a little girl 
staring at a puppy.  She had an air of pride like that of Ayeka's, except for 
she didn't pull it off as well as Ayeka did, coming off more as vanity than 
pride.
	The woman stepped forward first so Masami turned to face her.
	"My lady." He said, inclining his head.  She nodded and he raised his head
again.
	"I, Masami Kukuchi, thank you for granting me the honor of welcoming you
to our humble planet, your ladyship." He reached forward and picked up her hand,
a startled and scared look crossed her face as he kissed her hand.  She looked
to Funaho.
	"On Earth, it is customary for a young man to kiss the hand of an woman
when he greets her."
	"Oh, how quiant." She giggled.  The man, obviously  annoyed, quickly
stepped forward.
	"My lord." Masami said, inclining his head.  The lord waited, staring down
at Masami with anger, his eyes saying "lower!" Masami returned the glare with
fierce determination, refusing to bow any further, in fact raising his head
slightly.  Finally the lord nodded, and Masami lifted his head.
	"I, Masami Kukuchi, thank you for granting me the honor of welcoming you
to our humble planet, your lordship." He reached out his hand towards the lord.
	"Is he going to kiss my hand as well?" He asked Funaho as if he was
incredibly bored, as if this were a joke that had long ago ceased to be funny.
	"No, he wishes to shake your hand, just like on Jurai."
	"So the Earthling things he's a Jurian now.  How droll.  Let me pass."
	Masami stepped to the side to allow the snotty young lord to pass.
Masami's foot lingered a second, twisting as he finally pulled it back, hooking 
the lords foot and spinning it. The end result was the lord toppling into the 
water.  Sasami laughed and Katsuhito just nodded. Washu chuckled behind her hand 
while Nobuyuki chuckled and gave a thumbs up.  Azusa frowned while his wives 
shoulders rolled with silent laughter.  The lord's sister giggled, while the 
lord glared at Masami.  Masami just flashed his white smile, as he extended 
his hand towards the soaked lord.
	"You've got to watch out when you step onto the bridge.  It's elevated 
slightly, so if you're not careful you'll trip." He smiled.
	The lord just stared with hatred at Masami.
	"Ohtsuka!" Azusa yelled.  "Quit fooling around and come on!" Azusa stared 
at Masami with a look of displeasure, but with more respect than before.
	Ohtsuka looked at the emperor, and then reluctantly grabbed Masami's hand.  
Masami pulled him out of the water, but did not release his hand.
	"Looks like we're shaking hands after all." Masami smiled.  "It's an 
Earth custom too, you know."
	"Hmph!" The man snorted as he yanked his hand out of Masami's.  He turned 
to step onto the bridge.  As he did, Masami tapped his shoe against Ohtsuka's 
mantle, pinning it for just long enough for Ohtsuka to stumble as he stepped 
onto the bridge.  The lord spun around and stared at Masami.
	"Be careful.  You wouldn't want to fall in again." He smiled innocently.  
The lords gaze could freeze, but Masami returned it with a similarly determined 
gaze.  Ohtsuka spun around and walked down the bridge.  Masami smiled as he 
followed, as protocol demanded, directly behind Ohtsuka and his sister, which 
mage him very nervous about this.
	Washu stepped forward.
	"Greetings, Lord Azusa, Ruler of the mighty Jurian Empire.  I am Washu 
Hakubi of the Galaxy Science Academy.  I thank you, for the honor of being in 
your presence."
	"You are welcome Washu Hakubi.  I too, am honored to be in the presence of
such scientific intelligence."
	"I have one request to make of you, Lord Azusa."
	"Speak it."
	"Will you...call me Little Washu?"
	"Little...Washu?"
	"Well, I am pretty little." She smiled.
	"Um, ah, yes, Little Washu.  I believe I can, ah, do that."
	"Lord Ohtsuka.  If you would allow me the honor of bestowing a gift upon
you."
	Ohtsuka was about to snap at her, when Azusa stared him down.  "I would be
most honored, Miss Was-" he paused at her evil stare.  She pointed with her head
at Azusa.
	"She wants you to call her Little Washu." Masami whispered.
	"I know that!" Ohtsuka snapped.  He turned back to Washu.  "I would be
most honored, Little Washu."
	Washu held up her hands, and her semi-physical keyboard appeared, she
punched several buttons, and a red glow enveloped Ohstuka, drying his clothes.
	"Thank you for removing the insult that was done to me." He said glaring
at Masami.
	"You're the one that tripped." He grinned.  Azusa cleared his throat, and
everyone fell silent.
	Katsuhiko and Sasami knelt before Azusa.
	"You may rise, my children."
	Katsuhito then bowed to Funaho, who nodded in response.
	"It's my mommy!" Sasami cried.
	"Sasami!"
	"Mommy!"
	The two ran forward and hugged eachother, spiining around as Misaki picked
Sasami off the ground.  Ohtsuka rolled his eyes, while Misaki was facing away
from him, but smiled again, when she faced him.
	Nobuyuki slid the door open.
	"I, Nobuyuki Masaki, thank you for granting me the honor of welcoming you
to our humble planet, your lordships.  Please, accept the gift of my hospitality
as a token of our appreciation and a symbol that you will always be welcome
here."
	"Your gift is most acceptable, Lord Nobuyuki.  I thank you for sharing
your home with us."
	Nobuyuki stood by the door, as the procession walked through, Katsuhito
and Sasami falling in behind Azusa, Washu joining the two nobles, and Nobuyuki
falling in aside Masami.
	The procession entered the living room.  Azusa sat on the couch, his wives
on either side.  Katsuhito motioned for the lady to sit in the largest, softest
chair.  She smiled at him and sat down.  Katsuhito then sat down in the another
one. Sasami had split off from the rest and came in with a tray of snacks and
tea, and sat down on the cusion in front of the table.  Washu also knelt in
front of the table, along side Sasami.  Nobuyuki waited, but when it became
obvious that Ohtsuka was not going to sit down, and merely rested against the
wall, he sat down in the last chair.  Masami leaned against the wall oposite to
Ohtsuka and smiled at him.
	"Yosho."
	"Yes father?"
	"Summon them."
	Katsuhito stood up and clapped his hands sharply.
	"Ayeka!  Tenchi!  Your presence is requested."

	Ayeka fought back tears as she watched the sparkle in the starry sky
through her window.  She no longer even knew if she cried because of the sorrow
she felt for Ryoko, or if it was her fear that this was Ryoko coming to kill
her.
	<How can I long to see her so much, yet fear that if I see her again, it
will be the last thing I see?  I don't even know what my own feelings are!>
Ayeka smashed the vase of flowers that lay on the table, her shield protecting
her hand from the dangerouse blades of glass.
	Ayeka stared blindly at the mess on the floor, and she saw Ryoko and the
scene of the previous night again.  But this time she had broken the vase.  This
time, there was no doubt that it was her who ruined Ryoko's life, and shattered
her happiness.
	Ayeka stared out at the procession, forcing herself to abosrb every 
detail, not to think about Ryoko, and the horrible thing which she had brought 
down upon the unfortunate woman.
	She laughed a refined chuckle as Masami tripped Ohtsuka into the water, 
and then an outright laugh, as Masami caused Ohtsuka to stumble again, and 
continue to look at him with an innocent expression on his face.  She sighed in 
relief, when Masami did not say anything foolishness enough to warrant Mother's 
wrath, but felt a rise of anger, when she noticed Ohtsuka's annoyed expression
at Mother's joy.
	"Ayeka?" Mihoshi asked as she came into the room.  "Are you ready?"
	"Yes, I am ready." No sooner had she said that, then the sharp clap of
Katsuhiko's hands echoed through the house, and his voice rang.
	"Ayeka!  Tenchi!  Your presence is requested."
	Mihoshi quickly slipped out the door, and stood atop the stairs.  Ayeka
stepped out at the same time as Tenchi, and their eyes locked.
	Ayeka stared at Tenchi.  He wore a light brown mantle, like Azusa's only
without the darker brown atop it and clasped by a golden triangle which had his
Jurian emblem etched into it.  A fluffy ball rested on both edges of the mantle,
level with his sternum.  Beneath it, he wore dark brown slacks and a long white
silk shirt cynched at his waist by a rich brown sash, his Royal Teardrop tucked 
in the right side of the sash, Tenchi-ken on the left.  His usual ponytail
untied, his hair fell to the back of his neck, making him look a bit older.  His
Jurian emblem glowed, thanks to an earlier touch by Sasami, proving his rank to
all that beheld him.  <He looked like a holy knight, brave and determined.>
	Tenchi looked at Ayeka.  She wore a series of robes, of all the colors of
the rainbow. She wore an open, brown mantle, It was much lighter than his, and
it fluttered in the breeze that blew through the windows in the hall.  Her crown
glowed with the colorful music of the Jurian tree's, causing her Royal Teardrop
to change to strange shades of purple.  <She truly is an angel> Tenchi thought
to himself as she stood before him, her mantle flowing like wings, her crown lit 
up like a halo.
	Mihoshi sneezed, bringing them back into reality.
	"C'mon or they're gonna get mad." Mihoshi pleaded.  "I don't want
Headquarters to get a report of me being rude to the Jurian Emperor."
	"Then let us go.  Lead on, Mihoshi."
	Mihoshi marched stiffly down the stairs, Tenchi right behind her, holding
Ayeka's arm as he led her down.  Mihoshi stopped, standing straight as could be,
facing the crowd, Ayeka and Tenchi half hidden behind her.
	"Lord Azusa Jurai." She said crisply as she saluted.  "I, First Class
Detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu, of the Galaxy Police, thank you for allowing me
the honor of standing in your presence.  May the Jurain Empire always remain
prosperous and mighty."
	"You are welcome, Detective.  May the Alliance of Stars always remain
righteous and free."
	Mihoshi stepped to the side as Tenchi and Ayeka stepepd forward.  They
both knelt before the mighty emperor.
	"Father." 
	"Grandfather." 
	"You may rise, my children."
	Tenchi then bowed to Funaho, Katsuhito, and Nobiyuki.
	"Ayeka!" 
	"Mommy!" Ayeka and Misaki rushed forward and hugged eachother tightly.
	Masami found Ayeka's proud and noble face being filled with childish joy,
very humerous, but he kept it to himself, as he feared that he would not survive
if Misaki became angry with him.  He glanced at Ohtsuka, who, sure enough, was
rolling his eyes at the scene of the emotional queen.
	Tenchi smiled at the queen, who hugged him as well.
	Nobuyuki stood and offered Ayeka the chair, and she gracefully accepted.
Nobuyuki sat on another pillow, opposite to Sasami.  Tenchi sat on the floor, in
front of Ayeka's feet.  Mihoshi stood next to the two.
	Masami sighed in relief as the final formalities ended, and he was no
longer following such a rigid script.
	Funaho turned towards Ayeka.  "It saddens me to see that you still wear
the Royal Teardrop, as do you Tenchi."
	"Oh, my poor daughter." Misaki cried.  "If only I could lift this terrible
burden from your shoulders."
	"I thank you for your concerns, Aunt Funaho, Mother, but I will be fine.
I must come to grips with my sins."
	"I feel the same." Tenchi said, ignoring Katsuhito's dark look.  "I must
atone for the pain I have caused, although I do not feel that Ayeka had any part
in causing them."
	"I see that you wear the Royal Teardrop as well, Masami." Funaho said.
Tenchi's head snapped towards his childhood friend, anger flashing in his eyes 
when they confirmed the pressence of the flower of sorrow.  "I assume you know 
the significance of such an ornament?"
	"I do." He said, smirking at Tenchi.
	"Will you honor me with your reasons?"
	"I would love too.  Since yesterday, a dark presence has fallen upon this
once joyful house.  I mourn the loss of such joy and the overshadowing of the
love that has come."
	"Very wise and just reasons."
	"I must ask about these...'sins,' as Ayeka put it." the lord turned to 
Tenchi.  "What happened yesterday?  What pain did you cause?" Ohtsuka's eyes
lit up at Tenchi's discomfort.
	"Might I have your name, noble sir?" Tenchi asked coldly.
	"Lord Ohtsuka Akada, of the House Akada." He bowed.
	"And I am his sister, Lady Yumi Akada." His sister said as she stood and 
bowed. She held out her hand slightly, towards Tenchi.  In one movement, Tenchi
stood.
	"I am honored to meet the both of you." Tenchi bowed.  He turned towards
Ohtsuka.  A bit upset, Yumi withdrew her hand and sat down.  She glanced towards
Masami, and then to Funaho.
	"Kissing a lady's hand is a past ettiquite, and only a few people do
it now, for sake of charm." Funaho whispered, her eyes never leaving Tenchi and
Ohtsuka.
	"Well?  Will you enlighten me about the activities of the previous day?"
	Katsuhito coughed loudly.
	"Unless I am mistaken, Tenchi is of royal decent, and must be treated as
such."
	Ohtsuka glared at Katsuhito who's eyes were closed as if he were sleeping.
	"You are right, Prince Yosho.  I apologize.  Will you speak of the past
events, Prince Tenchi?" Disgust dripped from his mouth as he spoke Tenchi's name
and title.
	"I do not wish to trouble you with our problems, Lord Ohtsuka.  Let us
speak of something else."
	"I insist, you speak of this." He smiled wickedly.  "I am merely concerned
about the Princess Ayeka's wellbeing.  What is this pain that you caused her?"
	"Tenchi has caused me no pain!" Ayeka snapped.  Tenchi patted her knee
reassuringly.
	"Very well." Tenchi said fiercely.  "Yesterday, I proposed marriage to
Princess Ayeka.  Unbeknownst to me, my other suitor, Lady Ryoko, came upon the
scene.  I had wished to speak to her of these matters in private, to let her
slowly come to bear with the truth, and so she would know that I still cared for
her.  But alas, I failed to obtain that opportunity, and Lady Ryoko fled." Tears
started to form in Tenchi's eyes.  "I tried to pursue her, but she eluded me,
and fled with Ryo-oki.  Now she is alone in the universe, with no one she can
turn to.  These are the pains I caused.  Now if you please, Lord Ohtsuka, may
we speak of other things?"
	"You are crying.  Have I upset you?" Ohtsuka chuckled.  "I am terribly
sorry.  It is so shameful to let others see you cry.  I hope I haven't lowered
anybody's opinion of you, Tenchi."
	Raged danced in Tenchi's eyes, as his emblem flared.  <How dare he?> He
fumed.  <What does he want?  Why does he think to humiliate me?  It will not
work though, for I am not ashamed of my tears.>
	"I believe your supposed to refer to him as Prince Tenchi." Masami 
whispered. "Or at least by some term of suitable respect."
	"Calling him a dog would be of suitable respect!" He snapped.  Masami
stepped back in alarm.  While he had expected to draw out Ohtsuka's anger, he
had not expected it so quickly, nor for it to be so strong. Ayeka looked at him
in surprise, as did Sasami and Yumi.  Nobuyuki's eyebrows lowered in anger, as
Katsuhito opened his eyes to look impartially at the man.  Washu looked on with
reserved intrigue.  Funaho nodded with only the slightest hint of surprise, as
if she too, had suspected such an outburst, but not so quickly nor as strong. 
Misaki shook with anger.  Tenchi continued to stare at him with rage filled
eyes, and Ohtsuka stared back with eyes of disgust and hate.
	Azusa merely watched the events unfold in front of him.
	Tenchi and Ohtsuka's staring contest was interrupted as Misaki siezed
Ohtsuka by the clasp of his mantle, lifting him off the ground.
	"How dare you say such a thing about my nephew, and my daughter's choice
in husband?"
	"Misaki!" Azusa barked.  Misaki looked back at her lord and husband.  His
fierce glare remained unchanged.  Reluctantly, she dropped the green-haired man,
who crashed onto the floor.  Slowly, with as much grace as he could salvage, he
picked himself up.
	"I dare, because it is the truth.  Why should I treat this, this, this...
half-breed as a superior lord, and call him my prince?  He is an insult to 
House Juria and to the Jurian Empire.  He has mocked the Princess Ayeka by
playing with her for so long, for considering the posibility that another would
make as good a wife as the Heir of Jurai.  None other than the space pirate and
demon, Ryoko, whom he dares to call 'Lady.'  This woman has caused massive
damages and killed thousands, and yet she is equal to the caring and 
warm-hearted Ayeka?  He is a weakling, a coward, only taking action at the last
moment, when he is forced to.  It is disgusting that he is allowed to wield the
master key, or don the brown mantle of the Jurian House, or that his request to
marry Princess Ayeka is even considered.  It is an insult, and I will not
tolerate it!" He turned to Tenchi.  "I do not think you even worthy of a duel,
or even my attentions, but since Emperor Azusa acknowledges your birthright,
I shall respect his commands.  I, Ohtsuka Akada, challenge you, Tenchi Masaki!
I challenge you for Ayeka's hand and for the dignity of all of Jurai!"
	"What do you mean considered?" Ayeka asked furiously, standing up,
practically knocking Tenchi over.  She turned to her father.  "Have you not
accepted our betrothal fully?"
	"I merely wished to see your feelings towards eachother myself, to make my
final judgement.  Many humans are impulsive, and label their emotions to fast.
You, as well, inherit your mother's emotional side.  I do not wish for you to
suffer because you believed in what you thought was love."
	"And now?  What is your decision?"
	"I still withold my judgement."
	Tenchi just stared at Ohtsuka, barely even hearing Ayeka.
	"You..." He seethed.  "I shall accept your challenge.  I will make you pay
for the things you have said." Tenchi unclasped his mantle and swept it off his
shoulders, tossing it to Masami, who, completely stunned by the utter rage that
held his friend, fumbled and dropped it.  He hastily picked it up, brushed it
off, and folded it in his arms, never taking his eyes off Tenchi.  Tenchi's
emblem glowed even brighter, casting a yellow glow on Ohtsuka's face.  Light
surrounded Tenchi and his simple robes disappeared, replaced by the Jurian
battle dress.
	Ohtsuka laughed as he unclasped his mantle as well, and tossed it to Yumi.
It fell to the floor at her feet, as she didn't even react, so intent was she
on watching Tenchi's dominating form.  Beneath the mantle, he wore only the
simple grey robe which had peeked out when he walked, and a long wooden cylinder
on his right forearm, intricate designs cut into the soft wood, resembling those
on Ayeka's crown.  The bracer glowed, as light engulfed him as well, fading to
reveal him in a similar outfit, white where Tenchi's was brown, and without the
fluffy spheres that hung on it.
	"Then let us begin.  We shall fight in front of Funaho, Prince Yosho's
tree, as it is the only place on this planet worthy of this most important
event." He spun and walked out the door.  Tenchi marched behind him.
	"Tenchi!  Wait!" Ayeka darted after them, with Masami right behind her.
Everybody hurried after.  Katsuhito and Azusa were the last ones to rise, and
were alone in the Masaki house as they left.
	"You planned this, didn't you father?" Katsuhito asked.
	"His anger and rage at the boy take even me by surprise."
	"But you wanted this.  You brought him so that he would challenge Tenchi."
	"If you must know, yes."
	"Oh well, it does not matter."

	Ohtsuka and Tenchi stood beneath the starry sky, in front of Funaho.
	"Are you sure you wanna do this Tenchi?" Masami asked, concerned about
the rage that filled Tenchi's usually friendly eyes.  "I mean he looks dangerous
and Ayeka will love you wether you fight or not.  What do you have to win?"
	"Enough." Tenchi answered coldly.
	"Leave him alone, bug." Ohtsuka yelled.  "I will deal with you after I'm
done with this weakling.  Stick around, it won't take long.
	"Please." Yumi begged.  "Don't hurt him.  He's hasn't even lived a hundred
years.  There's no way he could be half as good as you, so please be careful."
	"He wanted to become part of the Jurian empire, he'll learn exactly what
that means.  No quarter shall be given."
	Masami patted Tenchi on the shoulder.
	"Good luck, Tenchi.  I hope you know what your doing."
	Masami took Yumi's waiting hand and led her across the stones to the
island that Funaho stood, where the others waited.  Masami sat down, resting his
back on the ancient tree, and Yumi mimicked him with a slight giggle.  Sasami
was very scared and clutched her mother tightly, who stroked her hair, as she
watched with fear in her own eyes. Mihoshi looked to be just as scared as Sasami
and she clung to Funaho, who seemed to be at ease with both Mihoshi's
familiarity and with the two facing off in front of her.  Nobuyuki said a prayer
to his wife, and Washu typed away at her floating laptop.  Katsuhito and Azusa
both watched with even more calmness than Funaho.  But between the two of them
seemed to be a dark anxiety.
	Ayeka watched intently, the rest of the world not existing, only Ohtsuka
and her Tenchi.
	"I give you one last chance, Lord Ohtsuka.  Apologize for what you have
said."
	"Why should I apologize for the truth, dog?"
	"Then so be it." Tenchi growled, as the glowing blade of Tenchi-ken shot
forth.  Ohtsuka smiled.
	"Exactly." A pillar of blue glowing matter emerged from his clenched hand,
forming into a curved blade.  "Now you shall see how low you are."
	Ohtsuka charged forward, but Tenchi leapt into the air, landing behind 
him.  He spun around with Tenchi-ken, but Ohtsuka quickly turned, his blade
rising to meet Tenchi's.
	The fight raged on.  Ohtsuka was amazed at how good Tenchi was with only
eighteen years of life.  <He's almost as good as I am.>
	In truth he was better.  Ohtsuka found himself blocking more and more,
finding less and less opportunities to strike, as Tenchi pressed his advantage
to give him more of one.
	Desperate, Ohtsuka lunged forward, catching Tenchi offguard for a second.
Tenchi brought down his sword to strike Ohtsuka, but Ohtsuka twisted to the 
side, away from the blade.  Ohtsuka was now free of Tenchi's pressing attack,
but was noticeably tired, while Tenchi was barely showing signs of being winded.
	"Tenchi is quite a good warrior, isn't he?" Katsuhito said to Azusa.
	"Yes, you have trained him well.  It's too bad you can't train experience,
as that is what wins battles."
	"Do you yield, Lord Ohtsuka?" Tenchi said through clentched teeth.
	"I thought you said you were going to stop asking me that stupid question.
There is no way I would let a dog like you have Ayeka.  There is no way you are
worthy of her.  I will never let you be with her."
	Rage filled Tenchi's heart at the blasphemy of his words.  <To not be with
Ayeka?  To not have her warm face, her loving smile?  No!>
	"Die!" Tenchi screamed as he charged forward, Tenchi-ken held above his
head.  <Perfect.> Ohtsuka thought.  <Let your anger make your moves for you.
Anger is a horrible player.>  Ohtsuka set to recieve the attack.  Tenchi dropped
at the last moment into a slide, swinging Tenchi-ken low on his right side.
Ohtsuka's surprise caused him to stumble, and he jackknifed over Tenchi, 
Tenchi-ken's razor blade slicing slightly into his leg.
	<Amazing!  His fighting skills are so ingrained that he can even use them
when angered.  The Lord Yosho is indeed a good teacher.> Fear began to set 
upon Ohtsuka.  <How can I beat him?>
	Tenchi stood there, his breathing labored by his anger, as he prepared for
another attack.
	Tenchi-ken flickered, and disappeared.
	Ohtsuka smiled as he charged.  Seeing the charging figure and his lack
of a blade made fear replace a noticable amount of Tenchi's rage.  As Ohtsuka's
sword drew close, Tenchi-ken flickered, blocking the attack before fading again.
	<Hmm.  It appears he cannot control the master key fully.  His anger seems
to generate a good lack of control, if I can fuel it.>
	Ohtsuka charged again.  He swung his blade high, but dipped it low at the
last moment.  Tenchi twisted away from the attack.  The blade passed right in
front of Tenchi, singing his battle dress.
	Tenchi regained enough control to summon the blade.  He prepared to strike
when he noticed what Ohtsuka held in his hand.
	Grandfather's eyes stared out at him from the petal that dropped from 
Ohtsuka's fingers.  Tenchi looked down.  There on the ground, was the singed 
remains of his Royal Teardrop.
	"Your sentiments are not worthy of the Royal Teardrop.  Feelings towards
another woman, and your not even married yet.  And for such a monster too.  You
remorse for one who killed so many?  She was a cruel monster, who delighted in
torturing her victims, laughing at their pain.  You remorse for the Devil!"
	Tenchi yelled and charged, not even realizing that Tenchi-ken's blade had
vanished.  Tenchi leapt past Ohtsuka's blade and rammed Tenchi-ken into his
side.  Ohtsuka yelled as the electricity shot from the hilt, but he managed to
snap his arm down on Tenchi's hand, forcing the key from his grip.
	Tenchi dove for the weapon, but Ohtsuka's foot found it first.  Ohtsuka's
blade came down and Tenchi flipped away moments too late.  The energy blade
cut through his battle dress and into his side.  He landed with a searing pain.
Blood soaked his clothes, as Ohtsuka chuckled.
	"You've lost your weapon, dog.  Very sloppy.  Admit it.  You've lost."
	Sasami started bawling into Misaki's robes, Misaki wiping away her own
tears on her sleeve.  Mihoshi cried even louder, while Yumi breathed a sigh of
relief that the battle was over.  Masami got up, determined to save Tenchi, but
was held back by Funaho, who stared with disbelief.  Washu hastily typed in more
information into her computer.  Azusa looked at Katsuhito, with a smile on his
lips.  Katsuhito watched the two as intently as ever, as if the battle still
raged on.
	Ayeka stood, paralyzed, tears running freely down her cheeks.  <It
cannot be!  Tenchi is the most powerful!  How could he lose to one such as
Ohtsuka?  I cannot marry him!  Why did this have to happen?  It can't have
happened.  It hasn't!  It's not true!>
	The pain, the lack of a weapon, and Ohtsuka's words brought Tenchi back to
his senses.  <I've lost?  No, I can't have lost!>
	"But you have." Ohtsuka smiled as he read Tenchi's face.  "And now the
insult will be gone.  I will not have to show respect for such a dispicable
half-breed," He swung his sword at Tenchi's head, nicking his forehead, causing
his blood to flow over Tenchi's royal emblem. Everybody gasped at Ohtsuka's
attack.  Yumi clung to Masami's arm.  Ayeka flinched as if hit by a physical
blow.  Azusa glanced at Katsuhito, noticing his calm face was drenched in sweat 
from fear for his only grandson.  Washu typed some more on her computer, 
frowning in concentration at the results.
	"I will not have to put up with your besmirching the royal brown of 
Jurai." He slashed across Tenchi's battle-dress, leaving a wide tear in it, but
only grazing Tenchi's flesh.
	"Make him stop, Mommy!" Sasami cried.  Mihoshi was crying too hard to even
see what was happening anymore.  Yumi clutched Masami's arm even tighter.
Again Ayeka flinched as if she were struck.
	"I won't have to listen to everybody praising the mighty Tenchi, who 
defeated Kagato, because everybody will know what a coward and a weakling you 
are." He drove his blade forward, driving it into Tenchi's shoulder.  He cried
out in pain.  Sasami coughed and had problems breathing through her tears.
Masami was so intent upon watching Tenchi, he didn't even noticed the pain
caused by Yumi's terrified grip.  Funaho closed her eyes at the site.  Katsuhito
squirmed as he tried not to rush up and stop this.  Ayeka reeled from another
mental blow, dropping to her knees.
	"Stop this Azusa!" Nobuyuki yelled at the Jurian lord, who watched as
calmly as ever.
	"But most importantly, I won't have to sit through the injustice of you
marrying the Princess Ayeka!  Now, you have failed, and she is mine."
	The horror of this fact settled in on Tenchi.  <No!  It can't be.  Not
Ayeka, anything but Ayeka!  She is everything!>
	Ohtsuka walked towards the stones that led to Funaho.
	"No!" Tenchi cried.  Ohtsuka turned around and saw Tenchi staggering
forward, blood flowing from his side, shoulder, and head.  The blood flowed into
his eyes, stinging, and mingling with his tears.  "You can't take Ayeka!"
	"But I can.  It's the law.  I have won the duel, and may take her as my
prize."
	"All the more reason you can't have her!  I cannot allow her to be wed to
somebody who thinks of her as an object to be wagered or displayed!"
	"Your the one who accepted the challenge, knowing she was the prize."
	"Anger accepted the challenge!  But I stand before you, anger cast aside!
I beg you, do not take her from me!  I will die without her!  I need her!"
	"Then maybe I should finish you off, put you out of your misery if that's
how strongly you feel."
	"But the main reason, the only reason, that you must not take her is for
her own sake.  Look at her!  Look at the sorrow and fear on her face.  She
actually feels my wounds.  She loves me, as I love her.  She lost her best
friend for my love.  Do not make this sacrifice in vain!"
	"Well, maybe if I marry her, Ryoko will come back."
	"No, you can't take her!  I won't allow it!"
	"But you lost your weapon.  If you like, we can continue the battle, but
you can't defeat me?"
	"I will defeat you, because I must!  I don't care how, I WILL WIN!" Steam
and smoke rose from Tecnhi's forehead, as a red light shone through.  The blood
burned away, and Tenchi's emblem shown brightly.  Three blades of light shot
forth from him and when they passed, Tenchi was clad in the white battle dress
of the Champion of Tsunami.  His angelic visage was marred by the dry, crusted
blood on his forehead, and the light pink stains on his shoulder and his side.
	"What?" Ohtsuka shouted in surprise.  "Simple tricks will not save you."
He growled as he charged again.  His blade dove forward, aimed at Tenchi's heart.
	Energy flowed across the shield as the sword bounced harmlessly off of it.
	"No!  It can't be!"
	The shields flowed together and became a sword of pure white metal.
Tenchi swung the sword with a mighty blow, Ohtsuka raised his energy sword to
block, but the Light Hawk Sword cut through it, the energy dissipating.  Tenchi
swung his sword down, knocking out the noble's feet and dropping him on his
back.  Tenchi placed his foot squarely on Ohtsuka's chest, and touched the blade
to his neck.
	"Yay!" Sasami cheared, Misaki joining her in clapping.  Funaho smiled as
she tapped Mihoshi, who was still crying so hard that she did not see that
Tenchi had won.  Ayeka sighed in relief as she let the thought of her remaining
with Tenchi flow through all of her mind.
	"Know this, Ohtsuka.  Human's are not below Jurians.  They are just as
much people as you are.  Or do you question your Emperor's choice in wife?  So
do not look down on me, because of my human blood, for I am proud of it.
Furthermore, I am a decendant of Azusa, and am entitled to wear his color, 
unless he commands me otherwise.  As for my ownership of Tenchi-ken, well think
about the name. And my inactions, which you detest so much, come from my desire
of peace and caution when it comes to action, refusing to act for actions sake.
Stop squirming Ohtsuka.  It makes it harder for you to listen to what I have to
say."
	"This is not fair!" He shouted to Azusa, as he struggled under Tenchi's
restricting food.  "I already won.  He is aided by outside forces!"
	"Not according to this." Washu said as she pointed at her computer.  "Not
only does it report that no large amounts of energy passed from here to over
there, but it also records a massive spiritual energy being released from within
Tenchi.  That's all Tenchi out there!"
	"It can't be." Ohtsuka gasped as Tenchi pressed down with his foot, making
it hard for Ohtsuka to breathe.
	"Believe it, and listen well.  I will kill you before I let you take Ayeka
from me.  Our love is not something to be toyed with by the likes of you, and we
have lost too much getting here to just give it up.  And never...EVER speak of
Lady Ryoko as you did before.  She is a kind and generous woman, who has
suffered since before you were born, forced to commit attrocities by her evil
lord, Kagato.  She enjoyed none of it, and I will not allow you to besmirch her
name so.  Do I make myself clear on all these points?  Do I?" Tenchi's sword
pricked Ohtsuka's throat, and a thin red line ran down it.
	"Yes!  Alright.  You have made your point.  Now let me go.  I concede."
	Tenchi let him up, his blade and crest fading.  Ohtsuka scampered away
several feet before getting up.  Tenchi turned towards the others, right as
Ayeka smashed into him, grabbing him in a hug that would make her mother proud.
Tenchi groaned and crashed to the floor.
	"Tenchi!" Ayeka screamed.  She looked back pleading for help.  Nobuyuki
and Katsuhito raced down the stone as fast as possible, ignoring the risk, while
Misaki and Sasami following as quickly as they could without falling.  Masami
had forgone the treacherous stones and dove into the water, swimming as fast as
he could.  Mihoshi was frantically twisting her sub-space cube.  Yumi stepped
cautiously across the stones, wanting to hurry but deathly afraid of falling in.
Funaho walked calmly behind her.  Azusa frowned as he stood, and followed the 
rest of the procession.
	"Ayeka..." Tenchi muttered.
	"He's lost a lot of blood." Washu's voice came from behind Ayeka,
startling her.  She had teleported to Tenchi's side, and was preparing bandages.
"This one could be tricky.  The Light Hawk Wings have his heart pumping fast, so
he's loosing his blood quickly, plus he's weakened from the expended energy.
Wrap his shoulder with this.  If we can get him to my lab in time, then perhaps-
Katsuhito! Start making a stretcher!- perhaps with a stasis cell and a blood
clone transfusion.  But it's so far to the gate.  I don't think we can make it 
in time.  Yumi!  Tie this bandage to his side!"
	"Blood...So much blood..."
	"Yumi?  Yumi!  Nobuyuki, you do it!"
	"Tenchi." Ayeka cried as she tried to tie the bandage through her tears.
Misaki brushed her shoulder, and took over for her.  Ayeka held Tenchi's head in
her lap as her tears fell on the fading din of his royal emblem.
	"Don't take Ayeka..."
	"Sasami!" She pleaded.  "Can't you - can't Tsunami do something?"
	"No." Sasami sniffed, her voice breaking with fear.  "Any energy from 
Tsunami would feed into his Light Hawk Wings, and that would only make the
problem worse.  I-I'm sorry Ayeka."
	"Oh my god!" Washu said, fear bubbling over her proffesionalism.  "He's
lost...he's lost so much.  He's down to fifty percent and falling."
	"I won't let you take her." Tenchi groaned, his royal emblem lighting up
again.
	"Oh, no.  He's gone into shock, and reliving the battle.  He's summoning
the Light Hawk Wings again!  He's going to lose his blood even faster!"
	"Tenchi has the same blood type as me." Nobuyuki exclaimed.  "Can't you do
a blood transfusion?"
	"Nobuyuki." Funaho whispered.  "The odds of you surviving giving so much
blood are very slim."
	"My life isn't important!  Tenchi's is!"
	"I'm sorry, Nobuyuki, but Tenchi's blood is unique now, it holds within it
the power of Tenchi-ken, of Tsunami.  Your blood won't work."
	"What about mine?" Sasami cried.  "Take mine!" Washu looked up, fear and
concern on her face.
	"Sasami, there is no way you would survive..."
	"I don't care!  Just save Tenchi!"
	"It wouldn't work anyway.  Your too small.  You don't have enough blood 
within you."
	"What if I-"
	"No, Sasami.  That won't work either.  As you said before, her energies
would just compound the problem.  Damnit!" Washu yelled.  "He's below forty!
The bandages have stopped the rate of loss from increasing, but we don't have
time.  Why?  Why?" Tears welled in the little scientists eyes, as she typed
desperately on her computer.
	Suddenly, everything became pitch black, then bright, as the automatic
lights came on.  She was in her lab.
	Tenchi lay before her, his blood seeping onto the steel gray floor.
	"Ayeka...No...Bring her back...Come back Aye-" Tenchi coughed and choked
on his own blood.
	Washu leapt to action, forming a stasis cell around him.  He lay there
perfectly still, his body frozen in time.
	"But how did we..." Washu pushed the question from her mind.  The stasis
cell would only last so long, and there was much to be done in the meantime.

	Back at Funaho, Ayeka gasped as Tenchi and Washu vanished in a shimmering
pink light.
	"Tenchi...Tenchi?  Tenchi!" Ayeka started looking around frantically.
Masami placed his hand comfortingly on her shoulder.  She breathed a sigh of
relief, and placed her hand on top of Masami's.  She turned around to look at
him, and froze when she did.
	"You're not Tenchi!  Where is Tenchi?  Where is he?" Masami yelped as he
dropped to his knees in pain, as Ayeka crushed his hand.  "Where is he?  He
can't have left me!  He wouldn't!  He must be here!  Where is he?" Ayeka's voice 
became more frantic as her mind slipped from reality.
	"He is in the lab."
	Everybody turned to see Mihoshi standing before them, the sub-space cube
glowing brightly.  The glow quickly fell, until it was even dimmer than usual.
	"Mihoshi..." Ayeka whined, her voice that of a young child.  "Where is 
Tenchi?  Why did he leave me?"
	"I sent him to Washu's sub-space lab.  He didn't leave you, I sent him."
	"Is...Is he okay?"
	"I don't know.  But Washu is with him, and she has all her equiptment at
hand.  There is no safer place he can be."
	It was, needless to say, an odd sight, Mihoshi calming down Ayeka's 
now-childlike mind, much like Ayeka had often helped Mihoshi when she did not
understand, or was scared.
	"Can...can I see him?" Ayeka asked.  "I...I want to be with him."
	"I'm sure you can.  Let's go."

	Ohtsuka watched as Mihoshi led the trembling Ayeka away, Sasami, Nobuyuki,
and Katsuhito following.
	"Under normal circumstances, I'd punch you in the face now." the voice of
that wretched Earthling sounded.  He turned around to see a hatred burning in
his eyes, a thousand times stronger than the glares they had shared before.  He
stood in his soaked clothes, cradling the hand which Ayeka had crushed.
	"But seeing how the last thing Tenchi needs right now is for me to be in
traction, I'll let you go.  I have more important things to attend to."
	Ohtsuka snatched the Royal Teardrop from Masami's coat pocket.
	"And what are those?  Your precious little promise, you Jurian-wannabe.  I
hope you have enjoyed mocking our culture."
	"I do not mock it, my emulation of it is from respect for it as well as
proper occasion and situation.  Now give that back!"
	"Why? So you can continue with your play-promise? You have already failed.
Tenchi is probably dead already.  Even if Mihoshi was lucky enough to land him
in the right place, and not some empty void of sub-space, the man has less than
half is blood left.  How will you make him happy once he's dead." Ohtsuka 
laughed as he crumpled the flower in his hand, petal dust and pollen falling 
between his fingers.
	Masami's good fist smashed into Ohtsuka's nose, breaking it in a splash of 
blood.
	"You insolent!" Ohtsuka summoned his sword and swung it at Masami.
<Sorry, Tenchi.> He thought as he closed his eyes for the death blow.
	It never came.  He heard Ohtsuka scream.  Opening his eyes, he saw Ohtsuka
on the ground, clutching his bracered arm, which glowed a bright blue.  Azusa
stood behind him, Tenchi-ken in hand.
	"You disappoint me, Ohtsuka.  Using your opponents personal problems to
gain a foothold in combat, gloating, torture.  Any one of these brings much
shame to you and your family.  But this...You pronounce Tenchi dead, that his
wounds are too serious for him to be saved?  Thus you have admitted your guilt,
and stand accused of attempting to kill the Crown Prince.  I am very
disappointed in you.  You shall stand trial before we leave this planet.  Azake!
Kamidake!"
	"Yes, sir?" the two guardians appeared.
	"Seize this man."
	"Yes, sir." Ohtsuka tried to run, but they held him within their energy
field.
	"Take him to the tree, Funaho."
	"Yes, sir." The two carried their prisoner across the waters, with Azusa
walking behind them.
	"Drop him."
	"Yes, sir." Ohtsuka fell to the ground.  Azusa siezed him by the bracered
wrist, and brought it to the other.  He touched the key with Tenchi-ken, and it
again glowed blue.  It reached out, and engulfed the second arm.  The light
faded, and the bracer wrapped around both arms, pinning them together.  Azusa
slammed him against Funaho.  He touched Ohtsuka's key with Tenchi-ken again, and
the blue light engulfed his arms and part of Funaho.  Azusa pushed, and
Ohtsuka's arm slowly sank into the wood.  The light faded, and Ohtsuka stood
trapped, his arms imbedded in Funaho.
	"Here you will remain, until your sentence is determined.  If Tenchi dies,
you shall share his fate.  If Tenchi survives, then he shall chose your
punishment.  Tenchi is known for being a kind-hearted man.  You had better hope
he is even kinder than the rumors on Jurai say he is."
	"You have made a serious mistake, Ohtsuka." Funaho said calmly.  "Perhaps,
you will live long enough to learn from it, although I admit, I hope you don't."
	Misaki also stepped up to him.  Her hand crashed into his cheek.
	"If it were up to me, I would kill you right now, with my own bare hands.
Not only have you possibly killed a great man, you wished to take my daughter
from happiness, for the sake of your foolish pride.  Your wish may still come
true.  I hope it doesn't, although not for your sake."
	"What have you done?" Yumi cried.  "How could you do that.  I asked you
not to hurt him, and instead you tortured him!  I cannot believe you are my
brother!"
	"Well, looks like everybody's mad at you." Masami frowned.  "Not even I
know how Tenchi is going to feel when he awakes.  But I do know this.  He would
pass a very light sentence on you, because he doesn't like to cause suffering,
even to those who have tried to kill him.  But you tried to take Ayeka away from
him, and away from her own happiness.  That is something Tenchi will always hate
you for.  I'd consider yourself very lucky if your punishment was a quick death.
	"I'd love to keep you company, but I'm so busy.  Not only do I have to try
to comfort Ayeka, I also need to worry like a maniac at Tenchi's side, help in
any way possible, and find another Royal Teardrop.  It seems something happened
to mine.  But here's a farewell gift." Masami tucked Tenchi's charred flower in
Ohtsuka's sash.  "I hope you can appreciate it.  A constant reminder of what you
have done.  You struck down a man, beautiful and noble even in his sorrows.  And
in doing so..." Masami blew the petal dust and pollen from his flower into
Ohtsuka's face.  "...You have destroyed another.  Lets hope that Tenchi and
Ayeka are more resilient than the flowers." Masami glared at him, turned, and
walked away.
	"Representative Masami." Azusa said as they met on the other side of the
lake, Azusa falling in step with Masami.
	"Emperor Azusa."
	"I wish to apologize to you.  For allowing him to strike at you, and for 
bringing such a contemptuous man to your planet."
	"You cannot be blamed, your highness.  I knew there was something
dangerous about him, but even I was surprised by the ferocity and hatred he held
within.  Surely, he hid it well.  And thanks to your intervention, his blow did
not land, and I am still here."
	"Nevertheless, I take responsibility for his actions.  I do hope that
Tenchi pulls through.  I do not like him, nor approve of Ayeka chosing him, but
I never wished this upon him."
	"I know, sir."
	The two lapsed into silence as they walked back to the house.

	Washu toiled over Tenchi's body, stained blue from the stasis field, a
cold, lifeless statue, hovering inches above the ground.  But deep inside, life
did exist, and Washu had to find it before it faded.
	This was the tricky part.  Tenchi's blood underwent a change the moment it
left it's body, the spiritual energies and Tsunami-like presence faded, and it
reverted to regular human/Jurian crossbreed blood, which, although rare, was
useless to her.
	She had to study the blood as it flowed within Tenchi, and that meant
temporarily taking him out of time stasis.  It was a risky procedure, but Washu
must know the genetic make-up of Tenchi's "living" blood."  Her old samples
would not do, for the powers were dormant in those, practically undetectable,
and totally unreadable.  She needed to study them as they flowed through his
body, active, and full of power.
	Brushing away her doubt and fear, she shut-down the stasis field, shutting
off the warning alarm of Tenchi's low blood level.
	"Ayeka?" Tenchi murmured, lacking even the strength to open his eyes.
	"No, it's me.  Washu." Washu said gently as she fired the laser, which
began to analyze his blood.
	"Ayeka?  Where are you Ayeka?  Give back Ayeka.  I won't let you have her!"
	Hundreds of alarms flared as Tenchi's royal emblem glowed again, and the
Tsunami-like energies became manifest.  Hastily, Washu activated the stasis
field, before the Light Hawk Wings could form and block the effects.
	Washu sighed as she shut off the alarms.  This was getting more and more 
difficult.
	As soon as Washu's hearing went back to normal, she realized that somebody
was at the door, requesting access.
	"You'd better have a good reason for this." Washu said as she activated
the camera on the door.  Before her stood Mihoshi, a serious expression foriegn
on her usually care-free face.  her arm was wrapped protectively around Ayeka,
who huddled against the tall blonde woman.  Absolute terror and panic rested in
child-like eyes, as Ayeka looked frantically around.
	"W-Washu?  Where...where is Tenchi?  Has he left me?  Where is he?"
	"Don't worry, child.  He is here.  He has not left yet."
	The door opened and Mihoshi led Ayeka into the lab.  Ayeka looked around
frantically, and cowered behind Mihoshi at the strange animals that abound.
Strange animals that she had previously come into watch, and occasionally helped
take care of.
	"Tenchi?  Tenchi?" She called out, a tiny spark of hope in her voice.
"Tenchi?  Where are you?  Where is he?  He's supposed to be here..."
	"Calm down, Ayeka." Washu's image appeared infront of her.  "He is merely
in a lower level.  I am with him, and I won't let him leave.  Follow the cabbit
to reach me." A robotic little cabbit hopped out, and tinkered down the
hallways.  Mihoshi held the trembling Ayeka close, and led her after the cabbit.

	Masami knocked on the closet door.  Washu's face appeared.
	"I'm sorry, Masami, but I can't let you in right now.  Tenchi is in a very
critical position, and I must try to devise a way to circumvent it."
	"Do you know where Ayeka is?"
	"Yes she is in my lab, on her way towards Tenchi.  She is not taking this
well, and she needs to see that Tenchi is here, before she becomes worse.
Mihoshi is with her."
	"Good-luck, Little Washu.  Please, save Tenchi."
	"I will do all I can.  But tell me Masami.  What of Ohtsuka?" Washu's
professionalism was replaced with burning hatred.  "Has that bastard been
punished for this dark crime?  Has he paid with his life?  Does his foul breath
no longer pollute this land?"
	"Not yet, although if Tenchi does not make it, neither does he.  Azusa has
imprisoned him, sealed him to Funaho.  Even his sister has no pity for him."
	"Whatch her!" Washu hissed.  "Take no chances." Washu's image faded out.

	Mihoshi led Ayeka into the vast chamber.  Washu sat at one side, her
keyboard in front of her, as well as a hundred screens.  Right next to her, sat
a metal frame of a box.  The box was filled with sparkling blue lights which
surrounded a familiar shape.
	"Tenchi!" Ayeka ran up to the frozen prince.  She reached out to touch
him, but her hand could not enter the blue stained air.
	"Tenchi?  Is he okay?"
	"He is fine for now." Washu said softly.  "He won't leave."
	"Why...why..."
	"Easy, child.  You are safe here.  Nothing will harm you, or take Tenchi
away."
	"But...why can't I touch him?  Why won't he talk to me, or look at me, or
hold me, or...or...or..."
	"Soon enough, dear princess.  Soon enough you two will be together
forever.  Right now, he is in a stasis field, his very molecules being held
still in time and space.  He is safe."
	Ayeka smiled down at Tenchi.  She studied his face.
	"He's in pain!  Washu!  He's in pain!  Make the pain go away!"
	"He is not in pain.  He can feel nothing now.  He was in pain before,
which is why he looks like he is in pain now."
	"Are you sure?"
	"I am sure, child."
	Ayeka smiled again as she laid her head on the top of the stasis chamber.
Soon she was asleep.
	"Are you going to be able to save Tenchi?" Mihoshi asked Washu, as she
brushed Ayeka's hair out of her face.
	"I'm not sure.  His blood is so delicate, that I can't take a sample of
it, I must study it while in his body.  But when I took down the stasis field,
he went into shock, and began to summon the Light Hawk Wings.  If he does that,
not only will I not be able to probe his bloodstream, but I won't be able to
reconstruct the stasis field, and he'll die.  But as long as the stasis field is
up, I can do nothing.  And the stasis field won't last forever, and then he will
die.  I don't know what to do." Washu sobbed.
	"Well what if we ask him not to put up the Light Hawk Wings?"
	"Mihoshi.  He's in shock.  His sense of reality is more of the past than 
of the present.  He can do little more than recognize our voices.  He won't know 
what your saying."
	The two of them stood awkwardly as they glanced at Ayeka, who remained
slumped over the stasis field, a childish smile on her face.
	"What about Ayeka?  She's been acting very strange ever since that
incident."
	"I was afraid of this.  Ayeka is completely unable to accept Tenchi's
death.  The mere possibility of him dying has sent her mind spiraling into
insanity.  Reduced mentally to a child, all she can think about is Tenchi and 
the horrifying posibility of him leaving her.  I don't know if she will ever 
recover from this, and I shudder to think what might happen to her if Tenchi 
actually dies."
	"What should we do?"
	"Never leave her alone, even if she is with Tenchi.  She's easily 
excitable, and she leaps to conclusions very quickly.  I shudder to think of
what she might do if she decides Tenchi is gone, and nobody is around to
convince her otherwise.  Sasami and Misaki will be important.  She needs
reminders that there are people here who care about her.  We should see how she
reacts to not being around Tenchi, now that she knows where he is, and that he
is safe and will not leave her."
	Mihoshi sighed as she looked at the couple.  One dying physically, as his
blood drained from his body, the other dying mentally, as her reality slipped
from her fingers.  Both frozen in time, but when the stasis field disolved, 
their deaths would quickly claim them.

	"But why?" Ayeka asked, fear in her eyes.  "Why must I leave Tenchi?  Why
can't I stay here?"
	"Because you must eat, Ayeka.  Nobody will move Tenchi.  He will be safe
here, and he will be here when you return.  He's not leaving you.  Mihoshi will
stay here and make sure nothing happens to him."
	Ayeka continued such questions as Washu lead/dragged her through the lab.
She stopped physically resisting her once they were a couple bends out of sight
from Tenchi, and Ayeka no longer knew how to get back to him.  But her questions
continued, begging Washu to let her return.
	Finally, they got out of the lab.  Masami was waiting there.
	"Ayeka?" Masami asked, his voice full of concern.
	"Tenchi?" Ayeka asked, recognizing the familiar uniform.  After a brief
instant of hope, the fear and anxiety returned to her.  "You aren't Tenchi.
Can I go back now?  Can I be with Tenchi?  Please, let me be with Tenchi."
	"You have to eat Ayeka.  You are in no condition to handle lack of
nutrition."
	"Ayeka?" Yumi said cautiously, as she entered the room.  She now wore a
simple komono, like the one that Ayeka often wore.
	Panic filled Ayeka's eyes as she backed away, wresting free from Washu's
guiding arm.  She stumbled and fell to the ground.
	"Akada!  No!  She'll hurt Tenchi!  Stop her!  Somebody!  Please!"
	"No, Ayeka.  That was Ohtsuka.  Yumi will not hurt Tenchi.  I promise."
	"I-I have to go back!  I need to check on Tenchi!  He needs me!  Ohtsuka
is going to take him away!  Please, let me be with Tenchi, so Ohtsuka won't take
him away!"
	"I'm sorry, Ayeka, but you have to come with us.  Ohtsuka isn't going
anywhere near Tenchi.  He won't take him away."
	Masami took Yumi by the arm and led her away from Ayeka.
	"Yumi.  I know you haven't done anything wrong, and I do not believe you
have any ill intent towards Tenchi, but please, stay away from Ayeka.  You
remind her of your brother, and she cannot handle that right now."
	"I understand.  If you would be so kind, please bring my dinner in here."
	"I will." Masami bowed.  He left for a moment, and returned with a tray
of food.
	"Would you dine with me?" she smiled.  "I've never eaten with an
Earthling." 
	"I would love too, but I have to be with Ayeka.  Tenchi is my best friend,
and I have sworn to help him in anyway I can.  Since helping him is beyond me, I
can only hope to help Ayeka in some way."
	"I understand." She took the dishes, and Masami returned to the kitchen.
	"I don't want to eat!" Ayeka whined.  "I want to be with Tenchi.  Please,
take me back to Tenchi.  Just let me be with Tenchi.  Please!"
	"But it's your favorite, Ayeka!" Sasami pleaded.  "Please eat."
	"Please!  Take me back to Tenchi!  I just want to be with Tenchi!"
	"You must eat, my daughter." Misaki said as she stroked Ayeka's hair.
"For Tenchi.  You must be strong. For Tenchi."
	"Tenchi..." Ayeka cried, but she stopped trying to get up, and let Sasami
place the food in front of her.
	An unbearable silence fell over the table.  Nobuyuki worked diligently
with his chopsticks, refusing to focus on anything but the food infront of him,
trying to ignore the fact that he had caused all these events to unfold when he
tried to help Tenchi, the fact that his only son lay dying, frozen in time, more
blood out of his body than in it, that his wouldbe daughter-in-law's mind had 
been reduced to that of a scared child, needing to be constantly told that 
Tenchi would not leave her, the fact that he had indirectly caused the almost 
unavoidable doom that had befallen the only person that mattered in his life,
as well as that person's true love.
	Azusa picked at his food, occasionally stopping and begining to say
something, then deciding against it and returning to his food.  It was a rare
sight, the Great Emperor of Juria, figeting in his seat, as he tried to handle
emotions that his cold shell could not hide, yet prevented him from expressing.
	Funaho placed her hand on Azusa's reassuringly.  It hurt her to see her
beloved fighting with himself.  It hurt her to see her husband's daughter, her
niece, so frightened that she hid from her own mind.  It hurt her that her
grandson lay in the cold lab, dying from wounds recieved in a fight that never
should have happened.
	Washu drew lines in her food, tracing numbers from advanced equations in
the rice, trying to think of how she could save Tenchi, the wonderful man who
was so kind that he forgave her when she tried to kill him.
	Masami ate absently, his attention directed towards the downcast face of
Ayeka.  <Tenchi.  I may not be able to help you, but I know I can help your
love.  But how?  What can I do to free her from the prison of her mind?>
	Sasami and Misaki flanked Ayeka and did not even make the pretense of
eating, their attentions fully on their troubled kin.
	Ayeka ate, staring at something which seemed to be just beyond her food.
Occasionally she would whisper Tenchi's name.
	Ayeka stared at her reflection in the greasy china, the food gone.
	"Do you want some more, Ayeka?" Sasami smiled.
	"No.  I want to see Tenchi.  Can I?  Can I please see Tenchi now?  I must
see him."
	"Now, let's wait for the rest of us to finish, child." Washu said softly.
	"No!" Ayeka yelled, slamming down her dish, so hard that it shattered,
cutting into her hand.  Her fear was covered with the anger of a child's
tantrum.  "Take me to Tenchi!  He's going to leave me!  I must be with him, so
he won't leave me!  You must take me now!" 
	Washu sighed as she placed her chopsticks on her dish.  Misaki had already
begun bandaging Ayeka's hand.
	"Very well.  Lady Sasami.  Lady Misaki.  You will accompany us."
	"Umm..." Masami cleared his throat.
	"Masami.  Will you and Nobuyuki gather up a large amount of food that can
I can eat in my lab?  Crackers and such.  I will need my strength.  Then you
will be able to see Tenchi."
	"Yes, Little Washu." Masami sighed as Nobuyuki started rumaging around the
kitchen.

	Mihoshi sighed as she gazed on Tenchi's troubled face, which was twisted
with fear, pain, and determination, and held that was by the time stasis.  She
reached out to touch his face, but of course her hand was stopped by the stasis
cell.
	The fast pace of the day gone, the dark presence that she had managed to
push into the corner of her mind came racing back to dominate her thoughts.
<No.  Stop thinking about that Mihoshi!  This is more important than that.  
Leave my head!>  But the thought remained.  It grew even darker, as the events
of today, added to the events of the day before, the events that had created it
in the first place.
	"Oh, Tenchi..." Mihoshi sobbed.

	They found Mihoshi sobbing on Tenchi's cell.  This had the immediate
affect of sending Ayeka into a panic, that Tenchi was dead, that he left her.
Washu and Misaki urgently tried to calm Ayeka down, while Sasami hurried over to 
look at Tenchi.  Mihoshi excused herself, and ran out of the room.
	Ayeka once again placed her head on the frozen air, as close to her
Tenchi's face as possible, and slept, a gentle smile finally on her face.
	Misaki stood over her daughter, gently brushing her hair.  Dispite all
that had happened, she couldn't help but smile at her daughters serene face.  At 
least she was happy for now.
	Sasami stared sadly at Tenchi's face, frozen in a state of pain, agony,
and loss.  <It's unfair!  I have the powers of a goddess, the goddess of life at
that.  Yet I can do nothing for Tenchi, because of the powers that she-that I-
gave him.>
	Washu, meanwhile, wracked her brain for a way to save Tenchi.
	"Well what if we ask him not to put up the Light Hawk Wings?" Mihoshi's
thought rang in her head.  <If only it was that simple.  But Tenchi cannot hear
what we say only our voices...>
	"Of course!" She yelled.
	"What?" Masami asked, as he came in with a tray of food.  Nobuyuki set
down a similar tray, and knelt in prayer next to Tenchi's frozen form.
	"I cannot study Tenchi's blood right now, because when I take down the
stasis field, he summons the Light Hawk Wings.  But there is a reason for that.
He is reliving the end of his fight with Ohtsuka, his fear that he is going to
lose Ayeka, which is what gave him the strength to summon the Wings.  All he can
hear from the present is our voices, but he cannot know what we are saying."
	"But if Ayeka talks to him..." Misaki said excitedly.
	"Then he won't feel that she is leaving him and he won't put up the
Wings." Washu finished.
	"Then we can save him!" Sasami cheered.
	"We can try at least." Washu said as she fired up the computer.  Misaki
gently shook Ayeka.
	"Ayeka, child.  Wake up."
	"Tenchi?" She said drearily.
	"Very soon, child.  Soon he'll be fine.  But we need your help."
	"So he won't leave me?  How?"
	"Soon Tenchi won't be in the field anymore." Washu explained.  "When that
happens, he'll be very scared.  You have to comfort him, let him know that you
are here.  Can you do that?"
	"Y...yes.  And then he won't leave?  And he'll look at me...and hold me...
and..."
	"It won't be that fast, but eventually yes.  Can you do that, comfort 
Tenchi?"
	"Yes!  Hurry!  Save Tenchi!" Ayeka said, glee filling her voice.
	"Alright.  I am deactivating the stasis cell." The blue light vanished,
and Tenchi's color came back.
	"Ayeka..." Tenchi groaned, his emblem still glowing faintly.
	"Tenchi..." Ayeka whispered as she held him.
	"Don't take her away from me..."
	"What!" Ayeka said, fear filling her voice.
	"Uh oh." Washu muttered.
	"No!  Don't leave me Tenchi!" Ayeka cried.
	"Damnit!  She needs to be calm.  Tenchi's going to pick up the fear in her
voice."
	"Ayeka, calm down!" Sasami pleaded.  "You have to comfort Tenchi!"
	"Tenchi!  Don't go!"
	"No!  Don't take Ayeka!" Tenchi coughed, as his emblem lit up.
	"Quickly!" Washu snapped.  "Get Ayeka away from there!"  Misaki pried
Ayeka's fingers off of Tenchi, as Masami and Nobuyuki hastily pulled her away.
	"Ayeka!" Tenchi yelled.  The emblem flared to full power, and energy
coursed around Tenchi, shaping into the Light Hawk Wings.
	Right as the blue field flashed into existance.
	"Damnit!" Masami swore.  "We were so close."
	"He's alright, Ayeka!  He's fine!" Nobuyuki yelled, as he maintained his
tight grip on Ayeka's struggling form.  "He's okay!  He's not leaving you!  I'm
his father!  Would I lie about my own son?  He's not leaving you!" Ayeka slowly
stopped struggling.  Nobuyuki dropped her, and she dashed over to Tenchi's form,
covering it protectively, as she sobbed herself to sleep.
	"This isn't going to work unless Ayeka understands the situation, and it's
too much for her mind right now.  Damn!  Tenchi's blood is down to thirty
percent.  A normal person would be dead by now.  We can't risk another attempt
at anything like that, unless we are sure it'll work.  We need to restore
Ayeka's mind.  And we don't have much time."
	"How much time do we have?" Nobuyuki gulped, his face sweating profusely
with fear.
	"The stasis field will disolve by noon tomorrow.  I'm sorry.  If we had
more time, than I'm sure we could recover Ayeka's mind, but we don't."
	Solemnly, Masami and Sasami walked out of the lab.  Washu swore as an
alarm went off, and she grumbled off to check what had happened.  Nobuyuki and
Misaki were left in the room, staring silently at the sobbing Ayeka, and the
frozen blue statue she wept over.
	"Is this how it will end, my dear wife?" Nobuyuki whispered through his
tears.  "Our only son, dying so shortly after he admitted his love, before he
could even share the joys of marriage."
	"We are one, Lord Nobuyuki." Misaki said calmingly.  "My daughter has
bound her life with his.  The wounds he suffers physically, she feels mentally.  
Now they lie together, death so close at hand, yet neither able to enjoy
eachothers feelings.  And we can only watch."
	"Why?" Nobuyuki yelled, as he stood up suddenly, startling Misaki.  "Why
Tenchi?  Why Ayeka?  Many swear that they would die to save their love, that the
one they love means the world to them.  Yet they do not go through this!  Why
test their love?  Why see if Tenchi really is willing to die for Ayeka?  Why
test how much Tenchi truly means to Ayeka?  Why their love?  Surely no love has
ever been so clear!  And now, the tests done, the love and devotion proven, why
don't you save them?  Why do the tests remain?  Why?"
	"Nobuyuki." Misaki whispered, tears welling in her eyes as he spoke words
that came directly from his heart, and were identicle to those of her own.
	"Why?" Nobuyuki cried as he dropped to his knees.  "Why must you take
everything from me?  What have I done?  What could I possibly have done, that
you would do this to me again?  Achika!  Why are they taking Tenchi?  Why are
they taking the only thing I have left?" Nobuyuki started crying uncontrolably.
Misaki held Nobuyuki tightly, and he held her, and they both cried.

	Mihoshi crept out of the lab, right as Nobuyuki and Masami came in with
trays of food.
	"How are they?" Masami asked.
	"Nothing has changed." Mihoshi whispered.  She continued past them, 
listening for the door to close.  She glanced around.  Azusa, Funaho, and Yumi
had all gone to bed, and the house was empty.
	Mihoshi did not go to bed as everyone had expected.  She took a coat, and
snuck out into the cold, dark night.
	Soon she came to her destination.  The moonlight cast a strange light, and
Funaho glowed with a silvery aura.
	"Tsunami!" Mihoshi yelled.  "Tsunami?  Oh, how does that go?  Tsunami!  By
the royal symbol on...but I don't have a symbol!  Tsunami!  I know you can hear
me!  You have to!  Tsunami, please!" Mihoshi dropped to the ground, tears
flowing down her cheeks.
	"Who am I kidding?" Mihoshi asked herself.  "Why would Tsunami listen to
me?  I'm nobody."
	"Everybody is somebody, child." a silver voice echoed.  Mihoshi looked up.
There in flowing white robes, standing above the waters of the lake, was the 
Goddess Tsunami.
	"Tsu-Tsu-Tsunami!" Mihoshi bowed.
	"Rise child.  I have no need for such formalities.  Especially from you,
one of my best friends."
	"Best friends?"
	"Of course, Mihoshi.  Remember, that I and Sasami are one, just slightly
seperated, until the time of our assimilation is at hand.  You are very kind to
Sasami, and we care about you very much.  Now, what troubles you, child?"
	"Will Tenchi survive?  Will Ayeka become herself again?  You know the
future, so tell us!"
	"I do not know the future.  I only know some of what is most likely to
happen."
	"But why did it happen in the first place?  It isn't right?"
	"Not everything is destined, Mihoshi, so not everything is 'right.'  The
events that have occured happened because one man who let his pride and
arrogance overcome him.  It hurts me too, that such a pathetic and small man was 
able to come between to who were fated to be together."
	"So, destiny was there?  They are supposed to be together?"
	"For all time." Tsunami said.  "This is the real reason you come here.
Because of this dark image that haunts your mind."  The waters shimmered, and
an image was revealed.  It was of Tenchi and Ayeka, the night before.  Ayeka
wrung her hands, and light refracted off the gem in her ring, laughing at 
Mihoshi.
	"You love Tenchi." Tsunami whispered.
	"Yes..." Mihoshi cried.  "I...I...I loved him since the beginning.  When
my ship crashed into sub-space, he reached out and pulled me from the void.  In
that touch, I knew who he was, I felt his heart.  He is the only one I have ever
loved...and the only one I ever will!"
	"Do not cry, gentle Mihoshi..."
	"Will anybody ever love me?"
	"Many people love you, Mihoshi.  Tenchi, Ayeka, Sasami, Washu.  Kiyone and
the others at Galaxy Police.  Your grandfather, and your parents."
	"But will I ever know true love?  Is there someone I am destined to be 
with?  Like Tenchi and Ayeka, or like Nobuyuki and Achika?"
	"I do not know if you will know true love, Mihoshi.  There is no one who
is your destiny, nor are you anybody's destiny.  At least, none that I know of.
But destiny is not something that controls all of reality.  Most people do not
have someone they are destined to love.  Only the future can tell us that.  But
do not let this dark image haunt you." Tsunami waved a hand, and the waters 
rippled, the image gone.  "Live your life as you always have.  You have a 
happiness that is rare, and a most beautiful thing.  Do not let it be destroyed.
Learn to love Tenchi as a friend, and you will be happy again.  It will not be
easy, but you must push the dark image from your mind."
	"Alright!" Mihoshi said determinedly.  "I will go on!" The image did not
fade from her mind, but it was forced into a corner, this time forever.
	"Farewell Mihoshi." Tsunami smiled as she faded away.
	"Wait!  Please save Tenchi!"
	"It saddens me, but I cannot.  He is in the hands of my sister, Washu.  If
anyone can save him, it is her."
	Mihoshi watched as the shimmering woman faded into nothing.  She shivered
against the cold, and began to make her way back.  A single tear fell.  Her last
tear for Tenchi.

	Masami was in the kitchen, when Azusa came in, early the next morning.
	"Your lordship." Masami bowed.  "You are up early."
	"I do not sleep much.  I am busy very much of the day.  If I do not start
early, I would have no time to be with my wives.  You too are up early."
	"Up late is more like it.  I have not slept a wink.  Tenchi will not leave
my head."
	"It is indeed a sad time."
	"It is more than that.  Tenchi and I have been best friends all our lives.
When we were four, Tenchi took me to the shrine, to show me the gate to the
scary demon that the shrine-keepers guarded over.  We stood in awe at the rusty
old gate, at the might of whatever must lie within the darkness.
	"Then we heard a noise.  A noise from inside the cave.  We ran, as fast
as we could, as far away from the demon as possible.  Soon we were lost, but we
kept running, sure that the demon was right behind us.
	"I tripped.  We both were constantly tripping.  If you've seen four year 
olds run, then you know what I'm talking about.  But I tripped when we ran near
a steep rocky slope of the mountain.  I fell off." Masami's eyes closed as he
relived the past.
	"I fell down the rocky side.  It hurt, a lot.  In front of me, was a sheer
drop-off.  If I fell off of that, I would die.  And it loomed closer and closer,
as the rocks tore at my clothes and my skin.
	"Soon, I was hanging off the edge, my feet kicking, trying to find
anything to support themselves with.  My bloody hands, clutched to a large rock,
the only thing that kept me from falling.  But the rock slid in the dirt-like
gravel, and the rock slowly inched it's way towards the edge." Tears welled in
his eyes as he relived the pain and the fear.
	"I tried to climb up, but I hurt to much.  My bones ached from the fall,
and my body stung from the cuts.
	"With a grating noise, the rock slipped from it's perch.  I closed my eyes
and waited for oblivion.
	"It never came.  I opened my eyes to see Tenchi, clutching my arm.  He was
covered in dirt and blood.  To get down to me in time, he had thrown himself
down the slope.
	"Slowly he pulled me back onto the ground.  He...he saved my life.  I
swore that day, that I would do anything to help Tenchi.
	"Two years later, his mother grew ill.  Finally.  I had a chance to pay
him back.  I scraped together all the money I had, but it wasn't enough.  I did
oddjobs around the house, and for neighbors.  I earned as much money as
possible.  Of course it was not nearly enough to hire a doctor.  Even if it was, 
Mr. Masaki already had hired the best doctor in the area.  Nothing could save
Tenchi's mother.  There was no cure.
	"I failed him then.  Two days and eleven years ago, I failed him.  And
I've failed him again.  I should not have let him enter that fight.  It was
stupid, it was wrong!  I knew it, but I let him fight anyway.  I should've
stopped him.
	"In that failure, I have failed him twice.  For yesterday, I made another
promise, that I would see Tenchi and Ayeka happy together, without Ryoko's dark 
spirit haunting over them.  I've failed that promise now.  Tenchi is dying, and 
Ayeka has flipped.  There is no way to save them.  I failed.  Until Ayeka faces
reality, Tenchi cannot be saved, and until Tenchi is saved, Ayeka will not face 
reality.  I failed.  Tenchi saved my life, but I lay powerless to save his!  I 
failed!  I failed...Tenchi." Masami put his head down on the table and wept.
	"Do not give up yet, noble Masami." Azusa said.  "It is not too late until
it is over!  Such love for your friend is commendable.  Remember that love, and
I am sure you can overcome."
	"Thank you, Lord Azusa." Masami sniffed.  "There must be a way."

	Misaki and Sasami led the reluctant Ayeka back to the kitchen.  This time
the others did not join them, and the three were alone.  Again, they coaxed her 
to eat.  She complied, then demanded to be taken back to Tenchi.  With a sigh, 
Sasami began to lead her back.
	Masami stood in front of the door to the lab.
	"Masami..." Sasami whispered.
	"Let me pass!" Ayeka snapped.  "I need to be with Tenchi!"
	"Why?" He said coldly.
	"B-because he'll leave me!  Let me pass!  Please!"
	"Why is it so important that you be with Tenchi?"
	"Because if I'm not, he-he'll leave me!  Please!  Let me be with Tenchi!"
	"Why will he leave you?"
	"Masami!" Sasami said angrily.  She began to step towards him, when he
shot a glance at her that froze her in her tracks.  "Do not interfere!" his eyes
yelled at her.  She hastily stepped back.
	"Why will he leave you?" He said again.
	"I-I...I don't know!  But he must not leave me!"
	"Why not?"
	"Because I love him!  Let me pass!  I beg you, let me pass!"
	Misaki was furious.  <What is the boy thinking?  Has he gone mad?  If he
thinks I'm gonna let my child be unhappy...> She began to step forward, when a
strong hand pulled her back.  Her husband stood behind her, a fierce look on his
face, fiercer than usual.
	"Stay out of this Misaki." He whispered.
	"But...Ayeka..."
	"Just watch...and pray..."
	"Why do you love him?" Masami asked.
	"What?"
	"Why do you love him?"
	"Because he is Tenchi?"
	Masami was silent at this answer for a long time.  Slowly he leaned
forward and whispered to Ayeka.
	"Who is Tenchi?"
	"Tenchi is...he is..."
	"Who is Tenchi, that you love him so much?"
	"He...he is...Tenchi!  Let me see Tenchi!" Masami sighed angrily.  <So 
close!>
	"But who is he?  What makes him Tenchi?"
	"He...just...he is...Tenchi!"
	"Why?" Masami yelled.  "What makes him Tenchi?  Who is Tenchi and why do
you love him so much?  Tenchi is the question not the answer!" Ayeka stepped 
back.  She tried to talk for a moment, then dropped to the floor, sobbing.
	<Damnit!  You're a fool, Masami, to think that it would be so simple.>
	"He...he is warm...and kind..." A gentle voice stuttered.  Masami opened
his eyes with hope.  <Keep her going!>
	"And..."
	"He is a gentle person, always with a kind word.  He is friendly, always
willing to help someone in trouble.  He is very brave, he has risked his life
many times, to save Ryoko and myself.  Hate is foriegn to him, a harsh emotion
that he does not understand.  He is wise and noble, reliable and faithful.  He
is Tenchi...And we are very much in love." Masami smiled as the fear and anger
left Ayeka's eyes, to be replaced with serenity and joy.  A gentle smile crawled
upon her face, as she spoke of her beloved.  Slowly, the child faded, and Ayeka
was herself again.
	"And he needs you right now, Ayeka.  Let us hurry."

	"Alright.  This is our last chance.  If this fails, Tenchi won't last long
enough to try again.  Ayeka, you must not let him raise his Wings.  He must 
remain calm, and know of your presence.  Are you ready?"
	"Yes, Little Washu."
	"Very well then.  I am dropping the stasis field." Once again the blue 
light faded.
	"Ayeka..."
	"I am here Tenchi."
	"You can't take her..."
	"I am here Tenchi...I will not go anywhere."
	The laser fired into Tenchi, and data began to fly across the hundreds of
screens that hovered infront of Washu.
	"Ayeka..."
	"Tenchi..."
	"Don't leave me..."
	"I will remain by your side Tenchi."
	"They want to take you away...I won't let them!" Tenchi's emblem lit up.
	"Tenchi!" Ayeka screamed.  Washu shot a deadening glare at her.
	"They won't take you!"
	"No one is trying to take me away, Tenchi.  I am here.  By your side.  No
one will make me go."
	"Bring her back..."
	"I am here Tenchi..."
	"Ayeka...you are so far away..."
	"I am by your side, where I belong."
	"So far...so far...no...don't leave me..." The emblem flared again and the
energies surrounded him.
	"Tenchi!  Don't!" Ayeka cried.
	"Got it!" Washu yelled.  Masami yanked Ayeka back right as the stasis
field lit up, freezing Tenchi once again.
	The three sighed, as Ayeka collapsed into Masami's arms.
	"He'll be alright now, won't he?"
	"The hard parts over." Washu smiled.  "You go get some sleep.  I'll call
you when it is time."

	Washu worked feverishly.  Masami had tried to help, but with no sleep the
night before, he passed out quickly.  Still, it was a race against the clock,
and even his little bit helped.  Nobuyuki now helped, copying data, and
relocating chemicals to the large tanks above them.  The hours zoomed by, faster
than they should, and the deadline drew close.
	Ayeka and the others crept silently into the lab.
	"Only five minutes till the stasis field disolves.  Let's hope we have
enough."
	"Funaho!  I will need your help!"
	"Yes, Washu.  Whatever I can do."
	"Alright, the stasis field is disolving.  Quickly!  Link those wires to
him!  What's the readout on his pulse?"
	"Way too high!"
	"Alright, Insert these needles at his wrists." Funaho did as Washu said, 
as she placed another needle into his throat.
	"Alright, begining the blood transfusion.  We have steady entry."
	"We have a problem.  Too much blood has gathered in his lungs."
	"Drain em!" Washu yelled.
	"His pulse has dropped significantly."
	"Good, how much blood have we transfered?"
	"He's at sixty percent."
	"Alright.  How are the status checks."
	"Brain waves, check.  Muscle density, check.  Heart rate...oh, no!"
	"What?"
	"His heart rate is dropping rapidly.  It's taken too much pressure."
	"Damnit!  Prepare artificial cell rejuvination!"
	"Ayeka..." Tenchi whispered, his voice filled with sorrow, not fear as it
had been before.
	"Blood transfer rate has decreased.  We're at sixty-five."
	"Tenchi!" Ayeka cried as she rushed to his side.
	"We're losing him!" Washu cried.
	"Ayeka...I..."
	"His heart's going..."
	"Tenchi!"
	"Ayeka...I..."
	"Damnit!" Washu yelled, as another warning siren went off.  Washu cut the
alarm.
	"Ayeka...I...love...you..."
	"Tenchi!"
	"Blood-transfer has stopped."
	"I love you too Tenchi!  Don't leave me!"
	The lights on the main screen faded.  Everybody hung their heads, not
daring to break the silence.
	"He's gone..." Washu whispered.
	"No!" Ayeka shrieked, as she began to sob.  Misaki reached forward to lead
Ayeka away.  Ayeka flinched away from her touch and knocked Misaki away with her
shields.
	"Tenchi!  You can't leave me!"  She cried as she yanked her crown off her 
head, and thrust it onto Tenchi, gashing his forehead in the process.  "You..." 
Ayeka's emblem, a single triangle, began to glow.  "...can't..." Energy poured 
from her emblem and into the crown.  "...leave..." Rainbow light shot from the 
crown back into her emblem.  "...me!" Ayeka reached down and kissed Tenchi on 
the lips.
	"Ayeka..." Washu sighed as she began to pull the princess away.
	"Washu!" Mihoshi yelled.  "Look!"
	Washu glanced up at the giant screen that hung above Tenchi's body.  It
was lit up again, and his heart rate was rapidly climbing.
	"Alright!" Washu said sharply.  "Continue blood transfer." The computer
lit up, and continued it's process, the blood flowing through tubes into
Tenchi's body.  "Monitor all his life readings and put him on critical alert."
	"How did Ayeka..." Nobuyuki trailed off.
	"Nobuyuki." Washu smiled.  "There are somethings that even science can't 
explain."

	Evening came as Ohtsuka continued to ponder his fate, being able to do
nothing else.  <It is unfair.  To be punished for trying to save the Empire's
pride.  The time will come when they need such loyalty, and they will have
none!>
	Ohtsuka looked up and saw a procession heading towards him.  Nobuyuki led.
Funaho and Misaki came directly in front of the Lord Azusa, followed by Yosho
and Sasami.  Behind them was Tenchi, leaning heavily on Ayeka's shoulders.  Next
came Yumi.  Ohtsuka's blood boiled at the sight of her, for her escort was none
other than that Earthling worm, Masami.  Washu and Mihoshi came last.
	<So, the dog lives.  It is a shame really.  Now I will die, and he will
marry the Princess Ayeka.  My death will be in vain.  It does not matter though.
I no longer care about the honor of Jurai.>
	"Ohtsuka!" Azusa hissed.  "It is time for your sentence.  Your fate rests
in the hands of the one whom you tried to wrest from this life.  Tenchi!  Come
forth, and pass judgement!"
	Tenchi removed his arm from Ayeka, and limped forward towards Ohtsuka.  He
moved his ride arm, and left side stiffly, and a bandage was wrapped around his
head. Tenchi spoke, his voice filled, not with hate as Ohtsuka had expected, but
utter contempt, as if he was a presence that made Tenchi physically ill.  
	"Lord Ohtsuka Akada.  You are a dark and pathetic man, one who sees only 
power and rank, and refuses to see people.  You let pride and anger lead your 
life.  You disgust me."
	"These crimes are not all though.  You attempted to kill me, under the
cover of a duel.  You attempted to take Ayeka from me, even though it would
cause her unhappiness.  Even when her very mind was at stake, still you did not
remorse.  Three times over, you tried to take Ayeka from me, by law, by life,
and by mind.  I can never forgive you for this.  I will hate you for all time."
	"Thus comes your punishment.  You expect death, but that is not what you
shall recieve." Everybody gapsed at Tenchi's statement.  Even Azusa could not
hide his surprise.  Katsuhito merely nodded.
	"I cannot kill in cold blood, no matter how evil the person may be.
Therefore, you shall recieve a punishment that is far worse by your standards."
Ohstuka looked up in surprise.  <What is the dog thinking?>
	Tenchi pulled Tenchi-ken from his belt, and held it aloft into the air.
Azusa's battlecruiser loomed overhead.  The red light shot out, and all found
themselves aboard the mighty vessel.
	"Tenchi!" Asuka yelled.  "What the hell are you doing?"
	"You shall see." Tenchi said.  Ohtsuka looked around.  He was no longer
pinned to Funaho, but his arms were still locked together.
	Azusa's ship hovered across Japan, to one of the farthest isles.  It 
hovered low, searching the land.
	"There." Tenchi whispered, pointing towards the Earth.  Tenchi closed his 
eyes, and everybody waited.
	But nothing happened.  Everybody glanced questioningly to eachother.
	"Look!" Mihoshi cried.
	"My ship!" Ohtsuka yelled.  Sure enough, Ohtsuka's ship was flying towards
the land below.  "What are you doing dog?"
	"Passing your sentence." Tenchi said with a smile.
	Ohtsuka watched in horror, as his ship broke apart.  The inner casings,
flipped open.  Soon, all that was left was the main chamber.  It settled into
the ground, in a clearing in a forest.  The chamber was engulfed in blue light, 
and when the light faded, it was gone.
	There in the clearing, rested Ohtsuka's tree.
	"What have you done?" Ohtsuka cried.
	"Your tree has taken root.  It may never again leave this planet.  Nor can
you.  You will live on this planet, void of powers and rank.  As the years pass
you will grow old and die.  You shall live the life of a human being.  An
ordinary, human being."
	"No!" Ohtsuka yelled.  "At least give me the honor of death!"
	"Why?  You had no honor in life."
	"You dog!  You will pay for this!"
	"What are you going to do?  You are powerless.  No more shields, no more
energy sword.  Nothing.  I'd worry about paying for other things, Ohtsuka.  Like
food and shelter.  Good-bye Ohtsuka.  I hope you lead a miserable life."  The
red light passed again, and Ohtsuka found himself outside his tree.  His bracer
was only on one wrist now, but he could feel no energy from it.  <What will I
do?  I cannot live as one of these...primitive apes!  It is not fair.  I am
denied everything.  This cannot be how it ends!>
	"I will make you pay, Tenchi!  This I swear!"

	"Farewell, Prince Tenchi." Asuza said.  "I will not lie and say I approve
of you being with my daughter, but she has made up her mind, and I will not deny
that anymore.  I wish you happiness together."
	"Thank you, Lord Azusa.  That means a lot to me."
	"Yumi!  We are leaving!" Azusa belted.  Yumi slowly walked out of the
house.  Unlike before, she did not hold her mantle open, but rather held it
shut.
	"Yumi?  Is something wrong?"  In response, Yumi unclasped her mantle.  It
fell to the ground.  Beneath it, Yumi did not wear the traditional Jurian robes.
Instead she wore jeans and a pink blouse.
	"I am not going back.  What is there to go back to?  If I return I will
always be looked upon as the sister of the dishonorable Ohtsuka.  Futhermore,
I have learned something here.  I have judged myself, and have come up lacking.
I have done similar crimes to my brother, judging others as beneath me, simply
because they are human, and not Jurian.  I have let pride and arrogance lead my
life as well.  I must redeem myself, and I must learn to be otherwise.  With
your permission, Lord Azusa, I wish to remain here on Earth.  I must learn of
their way of life, and make myself into a better person.  Lord Nobuyuki has
agreed to provide me with residence, until I can settle into Earth life proper."
	"Very well, Yumi.  You may remain here, to atone for the sins of your
brother.  I will await the day you appear once again in court.  Until then,
farewell." The red light shot forth, and Azusa and his wives began to fade.
	"Good luck in your new life, Yumi." Funaho smiled.
	"Ayeka!  Sasami!  I miss you already!" Misaki cried.
	Ayeka and Tenchi watched as the sparkle of Azusa's ship dwindled in the
nighttime sky.
	"You have some very interesting in-laws, Tenchi." Masami chuckled as he
stepped out from the shadows.  He raised his hand and smelt the flower he held
in it.  It was Ayeka's Royal Teardrop, which had fallen when she removed her
crown.
	"I take it neither of you need this anymore, right?" Masami flashed his
smile.  "Because if you do, then I'd have to beat you Tenchi, even in the
conditions you're in now."
	"No, Masami.  I don't need that anymore." Ayeka smiled.
	"Me neither.  Thank you, Masami, for all that you have done."
	"Just keeping an old promise, Tenchi.  Well, I'm outta here!  But expect
to see a lot more of me, Tenchi."
	"Good-bye Masami." Tenchi laughed as his oldest friend disappeared
between the trees, tossing the flower behind him.  Tenchi sighed as he looked at
the stars.
	"What are you thinking about, my love?" Ayeka murmured.
	"Ryoko." Tenchi whispered.  "I wanted so much for her to remain a part of
our lives.  But she is gone, and we cannot wait for her.  Life must go on.
Good-bye, Ryoko.  May you find happiness wherever you are."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Wow!  That didn't go at all like I had planned.  Originally it was going to be
a series of smaller things, similar to the sunset scene.  I decided to create an
elaborate Jurian protocal, because it struck me that they most likely would have
one, and I needed to keep Ayeka away from Tenchi until that magical sunset, and
Masami away from the entire scene.  That gave me the idea of Azusa bringing some
minor lords with him. One thing led to another, and the next thing I knew,
Tenchi was dying, and Ayeka was insane.  But it worked, and I think this is much
better than anything I had planned.  Let me know what you think.  
(okuhn@ucsd.edu)

I tried to keep Mihoshi in character as much as possible, but still give her a
deeper role than she usually has.  Mihoshi does have feelings for Tenchi,
although she's not as obvious as Ryoko and Ayeka.  How deep they are is
debateable, but when she was rescued from Kagato, she did mention that she
believed she and Tenchi were destined to be together.  Mihoshi's feelings are
going to come up again, although I haven't figured out the details on that yet.

Next chapter is "Ryoko Returns" where Ryoko tries to pull her life back
together. I've got a good head of steam here, but I'm not sure what will happen
next.

Note: Masami Kikuchi is the name of Tenchi's voice actor.  Ohtsuka is Azusa's
voice actor, and Yumi is Ayeka's.  Their last name Akada is a mixture of the
voice actors last names, Akio and Takada.

I hope you've enjoyed my fanfic so far.  Even if you have nothing important to
say, I'd appreciate some email so I know how many people are reading my fic.