The Knife Inside Of Me: Part 4: The Knife
By The Unknown DJ

        "So it appears this mess might work out after all! Anyway lets see
if
Washu can pull it off and perhaps not screw Tenchi over again. But will
they make it in time?"

        The Unknown DJ, Struggling Turntable Artist

        Ryoko sat on the roof of the house. Dinner would be happening soon,
but she had no intention of eating. She felt sick inside and eating
would make her feel emptier then full. The last weeks she had cried so
many tears that her eyes felt like streams, leaking more and more as
each day passed.
        She had noticed Tenchi had paid more attention to her lately, but it
was most likely because she always crying. She had figured Washu was
going to say that Tenchi loved her and then her heart would have
exploded with overjoyed happiness.
        Alas, she had mentioned the name of Kiyone. Well, Kiyone was also
very
beautiful, but she and Tenchi didn't go together that well. They were
more like good friends or cousins, but not lovers.
        Since the truth was out, Ryoko figured no one would need her now.
She
knew Aeka would leave soon and the rest would go their paths in a short
time after her. Tenchi would marry Kiyone and they would have a great
life together, parenting little Mayuka and others to follow.
        Ryoko's problem was that she had no path to follow. Galaxy police
would chase her after she left Earth until they arrested her. She would
just be alone and miserable, so why wait? She turned her attention down
to the knife that lay next to her.
        The knife gleamed off the setting sun. It was the large type that
Sasami used to cut watermelons or really large pieces of meat. Now, it
would cut something a lot smaller. She grabbed it with her right hand
and held it up, completely unafraid of what awaited her.
        She turned it towards her left breast, where her heart lay. "So, is
that the answer? Killing yourself on the roof?" Ryoko turned to see
Nobuyuki standing behind her. Of all people to appear, why him? "Well,
Yeah! You can't stop me!" yelled Ryoko.
        "No I can't. But I just want to know if it is going to be worth it
to
you. I mean, it is just one boy!"
        "Yeah, well, I love him!"
        "And he loves you!" yelled Nobuyuki.
        "NO HE DOESN'T!" screamed Ryoko. She thrusted the knife up,
preparing
to pierce her heart. But as the knife came down, she dropped it, fell
to her knees, and began to cry. "Get a hold of yourself, Ryoko. I know
he is in love with you, because he told me." Suddenly, Ryoko got up and
stopped crying. She looked over at Nobuyuki and what looked like a ray
of hope shined in her eye. "Really?" she asked in fragile voice, "But
Washu said."
        "Yeah, I know what she said. I also know what Tenchi said to me.
Listen, even if Tenchi didn't like you, why kill yourself? You are a
beautiful young woman. Besides, I have been down that road and it isn't
worth it. It is only ugly and disrespectful. Even if you have lost
love." Ryoko looked at Nobuyuki in a way she had not before. She looked
at him with respect. Footsteps were heard from below and then Tenchi
appeared. "Dad! Whoa! What are you doing up here?"
        "Not much, my son. Just helping your love through a difficult time.
I
believe you have something to tell her." Tenchi looked at his father
with a worried face, as if to say he wasn't ready. Nobuyuki shook his
head and said, "You are ready."

        Nobuyuki left the two, happy that he had finally been there for his
son. Now, Tenchi sat alone with Ryoko. He looked over at her and said,
"Well, Ryoko. I have something to say."
        "Tenchi, I know!" Then, Ryoko turned and kissed him. It lasted for
only several minutes, but it made a love that almost never was. ENDZ

        "Well that is how Tenchi Muyo ends. There is no Haruko in Tenchi's
life. Believe me, is just a scam! That Tenchi Muyo In Love 2 movie, it
is all just a hoax! Really, I know this thing. The Government is
messing with your minds! E-mail at Theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com. Oh no,
they found me!"

        The Unknown DJ, Turntable man now slowly being dragged away by men
in white suits.
