The Knife Inside of Me: Director's Cut
By The Unknown DJ

        This is for all of my fans that thought my ending to the Knife
Inside
of  me was a rip off, or was poorly written. To make up for it, I
decided to write this Director's Cut! Now tell me, how many fic series
have a director's cut?
CONCLUSION, (for those unsatisfied with the last chapter):

        Anyway Tenchi married Ryoko and the fell in love. They now live in
the
Masaki household with two beautiful twin daughters, Sukei and Caita,
and Mayuka of course. Tenchi got a job as a Sensei in a martial arts
dojo and he now teaches kids how to defend themselves. Ryoko works as
his assistant Sensei.
        Nobuyuki built a great relationship with his son and Ryoko. He lived
to see his three grand children and died at the age of 75. He also gave
up pornography a day after Tenchi's wedding.
        Yosho didn't change at all and he didn't play a vital part in my
story, so who really cares what happened to him? No offense to Yosho
fans, but what did you expect?
        Washu, glad that her planned kind of worked, helped Ryoko with the
raising of her children and always invented wacky inventions, (that
didn't always work) costing Tenchi a debt in repair bills that stuck
with him past his death.
        Aeka made friends with Ryoko and married a handsome young man named
Malice Stuckanovich, a rich man from New York. They had two children a
boy named KaiTaichi and a girl named Asia.
        Sasami opened her own restaurant at age 16 and still works there.
She
is happily married.
        Kiyone was called on duty that forced her to leave Earth. She
occasionally visited the house.
        Mihoshi disappeared during the story and was completely forgot
about.
Everyone just figured that the house got quieter.

RATING SYSTEM:

        You remember the sheet Washu handed Tenchi here is the explanation
on
how I figure the compatibility:

Kiyone: Kiyone scored low, because she shows a very small interest in
Tenchi, but trust me, there is no future! She has to practically baby
sit Mihoshi, so she barely has time for love. Don't think I am
attacking her, because she is my fave. But, they just don't go
together. Score for Kiyone: 15%

Sasami: Next we have Sasami. She is beautiful, she is nice, she is
cute, but she is 5 years younger then Tenchi. She also treats Tenchi
more like a brother. It reminds of girls that watch Dawson's Creek and
other crappy shows like that. She likes Tenchi, like a girl likes James
Vanderbeek or Leonardo Dicaprio. She thinks he's hot, but she is smart
enough to know she'll never date or marry him. Plus the age factor.
Score for Sasami: 33%

Mihoshi: Mihoshi is the Pamela Anderson or Carmen Elektra of Tenchi
Muyo. Big beautiful body, but small ass IQ. She could turn any guy on
and I am sure Tenchi has thought about her at times. Still, she is too
stupid to ever approach him directly and she doesn't show her emotions
for Tenchi that much. Score for Mihoshi: 45%

Washu: She has a pretty good chance. I am pretty sure she doesn't run
samples on Tenchi for the scientific knowledge. However, she already
had a love, unlike the other candidates, and it was a bad experience.
She could love Tenchi, but I don't she chooses to try again. Score for
Washu: 68.5%

Ryoko: Bam! Winner! Right here! Almost beat Aeka, but I took 2 points
off because she makes Tenchi fear for his life around her. Score for
Ryoko: 93.7%

Aeka: Aeka might not have got Tenchi in the end, but I found her most
compatible. She just is more cautious. Score for Aeka: 95.9%

Those are the ratings and if you didn't figure it out, they're out of
100%. I know this will lead me into a huge controversy with Aeka and
Ryoko fans everywhere. I am sure to get hate mail from Ryoko fans for
making her less compatible and hate from Aeka fans for making her not
get Tenchi. Oh well.

MY ENDING:

        This section is for people who think my ending is lame or conflicts
too much with the new movie.
        All I have to say is, I have not seen the movie and this how I think
it should end. Personally, I wish the series would never end. I only
found out about it half a year ago and if I could, I would take with
the creator and talk him to death until he promised to keep making the
series. But, I can't speak Japanese and don't know how to e-mail him
cuz I don't carry his address. If you tell me, I will e-mail him.
        To wrap this section up, I think Ryoko should get Tenchi. Not anyone
else.

ABOUT ME:

        I am the DJ and I am suppose to stay unknown so I will leave only a
little info. I like music from SUBLIME, EVERCLEAR, NIRVANA, LIMP
BIZKIT, and other punk, rock, or occasional pop. The only rap I listen
to is old school.
        I play guitar and I write songs. I might join a band. If you know
people who are looking for artists to sign on their labels, tell me.
        I am currently writing an anime that I hope to have made in to a
movie. I know the odds are bad for me, but I will see what happens. I
might even place it in the archive, but it is 100% non-Tenchi.
        Oh, I re-mix midis. If you would like to hear funky Tenchi midis,
e-mail me or watch for them to appear on webpages.
        That's all I can tell you.

ANY FURTHER ?'S:

If you liked the series, tell me. I love mail, especially because cuz I
get very little. E-mail anything. Also, if you are a critic of fan fics
you are allowed to use my material. I need to know if people like my
stories or not!
E-mail theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com or at thepissseddjchan@yahoo.com.
Note the extra s in pissed is not a typo, it is a part of my address.

Peace, Love, and Free Burritos for everyone!