disclaimer - i dont own tenchi or anything about tenchi so dont sue me
pioneer or you either AIC

The next morning arrived and it was time for Chad and Ryoko to go on their
date.  Chad woke up at around 5 am and got his tuff ready.  He packed up his
backpack and then headed over to Ryoko's room.  HE knocked on the door and
there was no answer so he decided to walk in and wake her up.

(Chad) Wake up Ryoko.
(Ryoko) Just a few more minutes honey.
(Chad) Ryoko, its me Chad.  We gotta get ready to leave.
(Ryoko now awake) Oh hi. Ok ill be down in five minutes.
(Chad) Okay.

Chad goes downstairs while Ryoko gets dressed and prepared.  HE writes a not
and Ryoko comes downstairs.

(Chad) Ready to go?
(Ryoko) Yep.  By the way, why are we leaving so early?
(Chad) Well, by bus, it takes a while to get there so we should leave early.

They walk to the bus stop and waited.

(Ryoko) It's cold this early in the morning.
(Chad noticing she doesn't have a sweater on says) Here, take my sweater.
(Ryoko) No, you need it.
(Chad) Ill be fine, here please take it. [He hands her the sweater and she
puts it on]
(Ryoko) That's better.  Are you sure you are not going to be cold?
(Chad) Ill be fine.  Just as long as you're not cold.

The bus finally arrives and they get on.  They are the only ones on the bus
so they sit in the middle next to each other.

(Ryoko) Have you given any thought on weather you are going to leave or
stay?
(Chad) Acutely, yea I have.  Kashuhito is giving me until tomorrow to
decide.

(Ryoko) Well whatever the decision is, I hope it works out good for you.
(Chad) Me too.

Ryoko lays her head on Chad's shoulder since she was still very tired.  Chad
just put her arm around her and she fell asleep.  HE let her sleep until
they
got there.  About 3 hours later, they finally arrived and they were at the
hotel.

(Chad) Wake up Ryoko. We are here.
(Ryoko) Why are we at a hotel?
(Chad) Well, I thought it would be a pain to go back tonight so I got us
reservations for the night.
(Ryoko) Aren't you the sneaky one!
(Chad) That be me.

They walked up to the front desk and Chad was talking to the manager about
the room.  Ryoko was looking around so she didn't notice what they were
saying.

(Chad) Okay, I want the best suites you have.
(Manager) Okay great.  How many rooms would you like? 1 or 2?
(Chad) Ryoko?
(Ryoko) Huh?
(Chad) Do you want to share a room or get two separate rooms?
(Ryoko talking to the manager) One room will be fine.
(Manager) Okay, I just need you to sign here and you will have you room.

Chad signs the paper and they go up to heir room.
Meanwhile…
(Ayeka) What has that women done to Chad?
(Tenchi) What do you mean?
(Ayeka) look at this note I just found.

Tenchi grabs the note and looks at it.

Dear everybody,
Ryoko and I decided to take the day off.  We will be back tomorrow so don't
worry about us.
                            From, Chad and Ryoko

(Ayeka) Washu, what did you give Ryoko to brain wash Chad with?
(Washu) Hey, I'm just as surprised as you are princess.
(Ayeka) We must find them and save Chad. [She is about to leave when
Kashuhito stops her]
(Kashuhito) Leave them alone Ayeka.  They deserve a day off and none of us
will interfere.  Agreed?
(Ayeka followed by everyone else) agreed!

Back at the hotel…
(Ryoko) Wow! You didn't have to get the royal suite!
(Chad) I know.  But I felt like it was good thing so I did it.
(Ryoko) So what do we do now?
(Chad) Well, since neither of us got breakfast at home, lets go out and gets
some.
(Ryoko) Sure.

They left the hotel and went to a restaurant to get some food.  They started
to talk about some things.

(Ryoko) So Chad, how many dates have you ever been on?
(Chad) Well, since I wasn't liked by the girls.  This is my first date.
(Ryoko) So you mean I'm your first date?
(Chad) Yep.  So far, actually everything with you is my first.
(Ryoko) How so?
(Chad) Well, you were the first girl to talk to me.  You were the first girl
who likes me.  You actually the only girl who I can freely talk about my
feelings with.
(Ryoko placing her hand on Chad's) Well, I hope that last part never
changes.
(Chad blushing) Me too.

They finished their breakfast and head back too the hotel to get ready for
the beach.

(Chad) You almost ready Ryoko?
(Ryoko) Just a minute.
(Chad) Take your time.

She finally leaves the room and is in a single black bathing suit with her
jean-shorts and a tank top on.

(Ryoko) You ready?
(Chad almost drooling) Um, yeah. Lets go.

They went to the beach and they settled up their towels and the umbrella.

(Ryoko) Can I work on my tan first?
(Chad) Sure.

Ryoko laid on her towel working on her tan.  Chad decided it was a goof time
too so he worked on it.  After an hour, both of them gained nice tans so
they
decided to go for a swim.  They went into the water and they just swam
around.  They soon got into a playful water fight but Ryoko took it a bet
seriously and won the match needless to say.  After a little bit more of
swimming, they decided to go lay on their towels and just soak up some sun.

[Chad took out his camera and took a few photos]
(Ryoko) Hey, don't take pictures of me now.  I don't have any of my makeup
on.
(Chad) Well, you look great without it.
(Ryoko blushing) You think so?
(Chad) Have coarse!
(Ryoko) Then at least let me do some poses.
(Chad swallowing hard) Okay.

Ryoko then does some poses.  Most of the sexual.  Chad runs out of film so
he
has to go get more.  It was 2 PM so they decided to get lunch.

(Ryoko) What do you want to eat for lunch?
(Chad) It's up to you.
(Ryoko) I never had Italian.
(Chad) Then lets go.

They walked into an Italian restaurant and sat down to eat.

(Chad) Ryoko, I was wondering.  When we are at the mall yesterday.  You saw
that little necklace.  How come you didn't want to buy it?
(Ryoko) Well, it was too expensive.  I just couldn't afford it.
(Chad) Well, when I went back later, I got you this. [Chad pulled out a box
with the necklace inside.  Ryoko's eyes lit up]
(Ryoko) I can't accept this.  This was way too expensive.
(Chad) Please take it.  It's a thank you gift for everything you did for me
in the past couple of weeks.
(Ryoko) Thank you.  [She leans over the table and kisses him on the cheek]
(Chad) Well, a good friendship should be showed.

The food comes and they eat.

After lunch, they decide to walk around the beach side and look through the
stores.  Ryoko had her new necklace on that she adored greatly.  After a bit
of window-shopping and some real shopping, they head back to the hotel to
rest.

(Ryoko) Thank you so much for such a great day.
(Chad) I should be the one to thank you.  It was mainly because of you that
were on this date remember?
(Ryoko) I guess you can put it like that.  Well, what do we do for the rest
of the night?
(Chad) Good question.
(Ryoko) Why don't we stay in tonight?  We can rent a movie.  Get some room
serivce and just hang out.  How bout it?  Just you and me.
(Chad) Sure.  That would be great.  I got an even better idea.  Instead of
getting room service, why don't I cook you a nice candlelight dinner?
(Ryoko) I don't want to put you through all that trouble.
(Chad) Ryoko, I used to cook for my whole family, Its no big deal.
(Ryoko) Okay.
(Chad) Ill be back in 30min.  I just have to get some groceries and ill pick
up a movie on the way back.
(Ryoko) Don't take too long.
(Chad) I wont. [Chad leaves and Ryoko just lies on the bed thinking]
(Ryoko's thoughts) Today has just been so wonderful.  I hope Chad decides to
stay.  The house just wouldn't be right without him.

Meanwhile…

(Ayeka) I can't imagine what horrible things that women is doing to that
nice
boy.
(Tenchi) Miss Ayeka, it seemed to me that Chad wrote that note making him
want to go on the day off.  I'm sure we can trust Ryoko for just one day.
(Ayeka) I still do not trust her.
(Tenchi) Just trust her this once.  I know she will not try to do anything
to
Chad,
(Ayeka) I hope you're right.

Meanwhile…
(Chad) Okay, I got the candles; I got the groceries, now all I need are the
videos.  Now what kind of video might Ryoko like?  Romance?  Too cheesy.
Comedy? Maybe. I know ill get a movie that has all three.

Chad picked up a video, which contains all three.  HE then went back to the
hotel and went up to the room.

(Ryoko) You took too long.
(Chad) Sorry about that.
(Ryoko with a smile) Its ok.  I forgive ya.
(Chad) Well, I have to start on dinner.  Ill calls you when it's ready.
(Ryoko) mmm. Okay.

Ryoko went back to the couch and watched some TV.  Chad went to go start
cooking the food.  HE cooked some steaks with some lobster and potatoes and
some Miso Soup.  After about an hour, Both Ryoko and Chad went to go take a
shower at the same time.

(Chad) oops.  You can go first.
(Ryoko) No I insist.  You go take a shower first.
(Chad) No, I might have to do something with the food so you go.
(Ryoko) Okay. [She heads into the shower and closes the door.  Chad ties the
towel around his waist and sits on the couch until she got out.  About 30
min
later, Ryoko finally leaves the bathroom and goes to go change.

(Ryoko) It's all yours.
(Chad blushing at seeing Ryoko in a towel) Thanks.

Chad enters the bathroom and takes his shower.  HE gets out after 15min and
he goes to set up everything.

(Chad) Food is cooked.  Video is ready.  Candles are lit.  Everything is
perfect.  Ryoko, dinner is ready.
(Ryoko) coming.

Ryoko came and saw what Chad had cooked for them.

(Ryoko) Wow, I dint think you would go through all this trouble.
(Chad) It was no trouble at all really.  Here let me get your chair. [Chad
pulled out the chair and Ryoko sat down.  Chad first served the Miso soup.
Ryoko loved every drop of it.]
(Ryoko) mmmm. That soup was spectacular.
(Chad) Thank you.  [Next came the main course.]
(Ryoko) I can't believe you cooked all of this.
(Chad) Well, I did.
[Ryoko took some steak, some lobster and some potatoes.  She loved every
bite
of it.]
(Ryoko) Oh that was such a good meal.  Any dessert?
(Chad) Glad you asked. [Chad pulled out a hot apple pie from the oven.  He
got out some vanilla ice cream and some whip cream and placed them on it.]
(Ryoko) That looks delicious! {Licking her lips}
(Chad) I hope you enjoy it.  [Ryoko took a bit and was filled with joy at
how
good it tasted]
(Ryoko) I love it.
(Chad) Good.

They finished the food and went to go watch the movie.

(Ryoko) What movie did you get? [Chad showed her the movie]  Oh my god! That
is my favorite movie of all time!  How did you know to get it?
(Chad) I had a feeling you might have liked this movie.

They sat down and began to watch the movie.  Ryoko snuggled herself against
Chad so he just put his arm around her and held her close.  Throughout the
whole movie, Chad kept noticing how good Ryoko looked.  At the end of the
movie.  Ryoko stood up and stretched.

(Ryoko) Well, I guess we should be getting to sleep.
(Chad) Yea.  I guess ill take the couch and you can have the bed,
(Ryoko) Nonsense.  The bed is big enough for the two of us.
(Chad reluctantly) Okay.

They both got into the bed and went to sleep.  Ryoko leaned over and cuddled
next to Chad.  Even though Chad didn't want to end the perfect day by doing
something stupid, he just wrapped himself in Ryoko's arms and they fell
asleep.

The woke up the next day at around 11 am.  They packed their stuff and got
ready to leave.  Chad checked out and they were on their way home.

(Chad) Ryoko, I Just wanna say thank you for accepting this date.
(Ryoko) My pleasure.  Did you make a decision yet?
(Chad) I think I did.

They spent the rest of the bus ride home talking about some things.  When
they got home at around 2, they were really tired.  Before they were in
plain
view of the house, Ryoko stopped Chad.

(Ryoko) Chad, wait.  Don't you want to end this date with something special.

Chad swallowed very hard as the two of them kissed.  The kiss went on for
about five minutes until they stopped.

(Ryoko smiling) A great date deserves and great kiss.
(Chad) Yea.

They walked back hand in hand.  Chad had made his decision and had to go
tell
Kashuhito.

(Chad) Ryoko.  I just remembered I have to go tell Kashuhito my decision.
(Ryoko) Okay.  Ill se you later. [they kiss and Chad runs to the shrine]  I
hope you make the right decision.

Chad arrives at the shrine to find Kashuhito in his office.

(Kashuhito) Well Chad, how did you day off go?
(Chad) Oh it was great.  By the way, I have made up my mind.
(Kashuhito) Oh, well what is your decision?
(Chad) Well, my decision is to stay here.  I have no use to go back to New
York and there is something special I need to do that is rather important.
(Kashuhito) I'm glad to hear that.  Go home now and rest.  I will enroll you
in Tenchi's school.
(Chad )Thank you.
[Chad bows and leaves]
