(Spotlight comes on illuminating Tsunami standing in front 
of a red curtain.)
AUTHOR:  (With megaphone) Okay, Ms. Tsunami, just read the 
cue cards.
TSUNAMI:  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  
The author owns only the writing.
AUTHOR:  Great job, thanks, Ms. Tsunami.
TSUNAMI:  You are quite welcome.
STAGEHAND: (From offscreen)  Sir, the landscapers are on the 
phone. They say they're at your house, but they don't know 
which trees to cut down.  (Tsunami's eyes go wide.)
AUTHOR:  Tell them I marked them with big orange "X's", they 
can't miss 'em.  Oh, and tell them when they're done just 
to mulch 'em up and use the chips to pave my driveway.  (He 
turns and sees Tsunami's enraged expression.  She raises 
her hand.  An energy ball forms.)  Ahhhhhhhhh.......CRAP!
(Tsunami fires the energy blast.)


The Bonds of Sisterhood part 9:  The End of the Beginning


	Morning came, but unlike the one before, this one was 
less than cheery for the Empress of Jurai.  She stormed down 
the hall, checking rooms as she went.  She finally found her 
target standing on the roof of one of the palace stables, 
watching the riders.  She grimaced and vanished, reappearing 
mere feet from her target.
	Ryoko didn't even turn.
	E. Ryoko took a breath.  "Ryoko, I can appreciate the 
fact you're in pain," she said, "I understand it, really, I 
do." Her voice turned cross, "I also understand that flight 
comes naturally to you and me, so we don't think much about 
it.  However, it *doesn't* come naturally to Tenchi.  I would 
appreciate it if you plan to have another, 'come to Tsunami,' 
talk, if you would not *strand* him somewhere where he might 
plummet to his death."
	Ryoko's head turned to her.  She glared at her double.  
"Go away," she hissed dangerously.
	"I will not go away, Ryoko."  She took a step closer.  
"What if he had fallen?"
	"He wouldn't have,"  Ryoko told her.
	"What if he had?"
	Ryoko turned to leave.  The Empress grabbed her by the 
shoulder.  Suddenly, she was flying through the air as Ryoko 
threw her.  Instead of hitting the ground, E. Ryoko recovered 
and vanished, reappearing right next to her.  Ryoko's eyes were 
filled with abject hatred.  E. Ryoko nodded in understanding.
	"I see," she said, nodding.  "*That's* what you want."  
Anger burned in the Empress.  After what Ryoko had done last 
night, stranding Tenchi on the tower roof like that, she was 
willing to give all Ryoko wanted and then some.  "Whenever 
you're ready," she growled.
	Ryoko turned to her.  The two faced off, glaring at 
one another on the stable roof.  The horses below them snorted 
in fear and confusion, somehow sensing what was going on above 
them.  The two women continued to stare at one another.
	It was impossible to know who activated their sword first.
	It was that fast.  One second they were glaring, the 
next they were fighting, their lightswords clashing against 
one another, crackling with conflicting energy.  Neither gave 
any ground to the other.  The riders below had halted and 
were watching the duel in awe.
	As one, the two women flew backwards for more room.  It 
was like watching mirror images fight.  One of the riders had 
enough sense to go to a communications terminal and call for 
help.
	Ryoko and E. Ryoko flew toward each other at an incredible 
speed.  Their swords lashed out as they passed one another in 
midair.  The electric "zat" told the viewers that the two swords 
had connected with each other, not flesh.  There was a collective 
sigh of relief.  The Ryoko's made another pass at each other.  
Then another, only this time, Ryoko stopped in midair and 
vanished just before E. Ryoko got to her.  Ryoko appeared 
behind her, her hand snaking out, wrapping her arm around 
the Empress' throat.  Her lightsword flashed to life in her 
other hand, the blade coming within inches of her double's 
face.
	An Empress though she was, she was still Ryoko.  She 
jabbed her elbow into Ryoko's stomach and grabbed her arm.  
She flipped Ryoko over her shoulder.  Then, flying ten feet 
into the air, she darted down and kicked her double in the 
back.  Ryoko hit the stable roof with a crash.  E. Ryoko floated 
there a moment, waiting.  She didn't have to wait long.  
Ryoko flew up at her at a dizzying speed.  E. Ryoko brought 
her sword up to block and just barely made it.  The force of 
the impact knocked she and Ryoko higher into the air.  The 
two women glared across their swords at one another.  Then, 
almost as one, they both vanished, reappearing in the air 
ten feet from each other.  Their swords darted forth, exploring 
one another for weaknesses.
	The horses in the stable were going mad with a fear 
they didn't understand.  The audience below, which had grown 
in number, flinched at every strike they perceived as close.
	The women didn't care who watched them or who was 
scared, they fought on.  Once again, they flew back away 
from each other for more room.  Ryoko gritted her teeth and 
darted forth like a hornet.  Suddenly, she split herself 
into two Ryoko's!  The Empress watched as the two Ryoko's 
flew to either side of her.  Thinking quickly, the Empress 
spun to her right as she split herself.  Now, there were 
two Empresses standing back to back with ignited swords.
	It wasn't a moment too soon, either.  The Ryoko's chose 
that moment to strike.  The two Empresses raised their swords 
and blocked.  Now, there were four of them fighting it out 
above the stable.
	That was the sight that greeted Nol'al and Tenza as 
they approached the stable in tac gear.  Nol'al gaped in 
shock.  Tenza whistled in awe.
	"You're seeing this too, right Nol'al?"
	Nol'al slowly nodded as one pair of fighting Ryoko's 
fell from the sky, grappling together in mortal combat.  
They hit the stable roof with a crash.  The other pair were 
fencing a hundred feet in the air.
	"Um...which one is Her Majesty?"  Nol'al asked.  Tenza 
shrugged.  "Damn," He lifted his wrist to his mouth.  "Tac 
Three to base, we're gonna need some stunners out at the 
stables."
	"Understood, Tac Three.  Stand by."
	Nol'al signed off and watched the fight progress.
	
	Standing on one of the tower rooves, Quintin watched 
another explosion from the stables and sighed.  
	"So, Washu, this is what you've done with my gift to you."

	Nol'al watched amazed.  One set of combatants had fallen 
through the roof and were continuing the fight in the stable.  
He flinched as one of the stable walls exploded outward.  An 
Empress and a Ryoko were rolling around on the ground, trying 
to get their hands around each others' throats.
	Meanwhile, the other set was blasting at each other 
with energy beams high above the spectators.  
	Finally, a team of guards arrived carrying Zienar stun 
rifles.  Nol'al waved them over.  "We can't tell which is 
Her Majesty, so we have to get them all with one volley."  
One of them, a Corporal like Nol'al, nodded and began to 
position his men.
	On the ground, the Ryoko with the pony tail had gotten 
the upper hand and was about to slam her fist into the other 
Ryoko's face...
	In the air, the Ryoko with the spiky hair had gotten 
the upper hand was about to cut the other Ryoko down with 
her lightsword...
	"FIRE!!"
	As one, all four Ryoko's fell unconscious.

	Ayeka checked the room number and rang the buzzer.  She 
took a quick look around the hallway she was in.  The barracks 
for the Imperial Guard was luxurious by military standards, 
but was still casual and primitive by royal stadards.  She 
waited for a moment.  Through the door she heard Misa call out,
	"Com-ing!"  There was the sound of flesh hitting wood, 
the sound of something hitting the ground and breaking, then 
a "Damn!"  Finally, the door opened and Rikari stood there, 
with a sheet wrapped around her.  She smiled.  "Hey, Ayeka."
	Ayeka noticed the sweat on Rikari's forehead and her 
state of undress.  "Did I catch you at a bad time?" she asked.
	Rikari shook her head.  "Hell no, we were finished, 
anyway."  Ayeka blinked and blushed as she noticed a rather 
muscular man buttoning a uniform shirt behind her.  "Come on 
in."
	"I...don't want to disturb you."
	"Don't worry about it,"  the man said, coming to the 
door.  "I've got duty in an hour."  He kissed Rikari.  "Dinner 
tonight?"  he asked.
	Rikari threw a look at Ayeka, then said.  "Not tonight, 
okay?"
	He nodded.  "No prob.  See ya later."  He pulled on a 
blue cape of rank and walked out the door, throwing Ayeka a 
smile and a nod.
	"Come on in, Ayeka."
	Ayeka stepped inside and studied Rikari's quarters.  
There were a few boxes as well as a futon on the floor.  
Ayeka noticed that the futon was in quite a state of disarray 
and blushed.  She turned and saw Rikari throwing on a red 
shirt and shorts, the letters, "IMC," printed on the front 
of the shirt.  Ayeka turned and gave her some privacy.  
	"Get you some coffee, Ayeka?"  Rikari asked, walking 
to the one-counter kitchen.
	"Um...sure."  Rikari poured some old coffee from the 
pot on the counter and handed it to her.  
	"Awfully early for a visit, is something wrong?"
	"Hmmm?  No, no more than usual, I mean."
	Rikari studied her for a moment.  "Uh-huh."
	Ayeka decided to change the subject.  "Was that your 
husband?"  she asked.  
	Rikari spit up the coffee she was drinking and laughed.  
"Ty?  My husband?  Tsunami, no."  She laughed.  "He's just a 
friend."
	"You seem close."
	Rikari studied her coffee cup.  "How many firefights 
have you been in, Ayeka?"
	Ayeka blinked.  "A couple,"  That was technically true 
if you didn't count her fights with Ryoko, "Why?"
	"During the war, the life expectancy of a Marine was 
about six months.  With that kind of sentence hanging over 
your head, you don't worry about forming deep relationships."
	"I see.  You're not at war now,"  Ayeka pointed out.
	Rikari nodded.  "Old habits die hard."
	Ayeka nodded.
	"So why are you here?  Really?"
	"I just wanted to talk to someone.  Just talk.  I can't 
talk with Sasami, she's too young.  Mihoshi is out of the 
question.  Tsunami makes me feel inferior, and so does Washu.  
I can't talk with Ryoko, period.  I guess I just needed a 
friend."
	"Well you've got one here, Ayeka.  I mean that."
	"Thank you, Misa.  I appreciate that."  Ayeka sighed.  
"We'll be leaving soon.  I don't know when.  I think Tenchi is 
thinking about bringing the Empress back with him."
	Rikari spit up another mouthful of coffee.  "Hold on!  
Back up!  Say that again!"
	Ayeka blinked.  "Well, yes.  I *think* that's what 
they're planning.  After all, Tenchi can't stay here," her 
voice turned bitter, "And I doubt the Empress is going to 
give him up anytime soon."
	"Ayeka, is Mr. Masaki the man you were telling me about?"
	Ayeka looked at her in shock.  "I never mentioned that?"
	"No, you didn't."
	"Well, in that case, yes, he is."
	Rikari grinned.
	"What?"
	Rikari's smile didn't waver.  "An Emperor and a Marine 
Corp Colonel.  I think someone's got a taste for big game."
	Ayeka blushed, then laughed.  "It *does* seem that way, 
doesn't it?"
	"Want some breakfast?  It's instant but it's okay once 
you accept that it doesn't taste like anything close to food."
	Ayeka smiled and nodded.

	PM Washu shook her head as she cleaned the cut on her 
daughter's forehead.   "Fighting like a couple of schoolgirls," 
she muttered.  "You should be ashamed of yourself."
	E. Ryoko seethed.  "What was I supposed to do?  Let 
it pass?"  She began to mutter.  "Taking him up to the north 
tower and getting him drunk.  She might've killed him."
	"Doubtful,"  PM Washu told her.
	"What was she thinking?"
	PM Washu looked at her daughter crossly.  "Probably, 
'Tsunami in Heaven, I've lost everything!'"  E. Ryoko bit 
her lip in embarrassment.  "Ryoko, try to understand.  She's 
in more pain than she's ever had to feel before, and you're 
not helping the situation.  Just...leave her alone, okay?"
	E. Ryoko nodded.  "Yeah, okay."
	"Good.  You know, if you go back with him, you're 
gonna have to deal with her every day.  The two of you are 
going to have to find a way live with one another."
	"I know,"  E. Ryoko sighed.
	PM Washu sighed.  She blinked as another thought 
occurred to her.  "Hey, where is Ryoko, anyway?"
	E. Ryoko shook her head.  "I don't know, I woke up 
here, and she wasn't around.  I assumed she left."
	Washu blinked and reached out with her mind, searching 
for Ryoko.  She found her and gasped.  "I gotta go!"  
Without another word, she dashed out the door and down 
the hall at a run.

	She found Ryoko just where she thought she would be.
	The palace brig.
	She saw Ryoko lying in a cot in her cell behind a 
forcefield.  Washu shook her head and approached.  Suddenly, 
a Marine Captain was standing in her way.
	"I'm sorry, Madame Prime Minister, but I can't allow 
any visitors."
	"This is my niece,"  PM Washu explained.
	"She attacked Her Majesty, I can't allow it."
	Washu narrowed her eyes.  "Open the cell, Captain," 
she ordered dangerously.
	The Captain took a breath.  "Madame Prime Minister, 
please.  The Colonel will have my bars."
	"Her Majesty is abdicating in three months,"  Washu 
told him matter-of-factly.  "Once she's gone, who do you 
think is going to be running all this?"  She gestured to 
the palace above her.  The Captain gulped.  
	"Yes, Ma'am."  He inserted a key card into a slot 
next to Ryoko's cell, and the forcefield vanished.  Ryoko 
didn't move, didn't acknowledge their presence.  Washu 
entered the cell.  She heard the forcefield flash to life 
behind her.  Ryoko said nothing, did nothing to suggest 
she was even alive.  Washu approached and sat down next to 
her on the cot.
	<Ryoko,>  she whispered mentally, <Ryoko, please, 
don't shut me out.  I want to help.>
	Ryoko didn't reply.  She stirred slightly, the only 
hint that she was conscious.  PM Washu undid the clasps on 
her cape of rank and draped the white, silk material over 
Ryoko's unmoving form.  Washu then laid down next to her 
and embraced her from behind.  She rested her cheek on 
Ryoko's, felt the skin wet with tears.
	<I want to help,>  PM Washu repeated.
	"It's not fair,"  Ryoko whispered aloud.  Washu almost 
jumped in startlement.  "It's just not fair," the demon 
repeated.  "I watched him grow up. I watched him while I 
rotted away in that cave!  When he was a baby, all I wanted 
was to be able to hold him.  When he was a child, all I 
wanted was to play with him.  When he became a man, all I 
wanted was for him to...was for me to be able to..."  Her 
shoulders began to shake.  Washu held her tighter.
	<Shhhhhhhh,>  she mentally cooed.  <It's okay, let 
it out.>
	Ryoko began to cry again.  Washu laid next to her 
and held her for more than an hour.  Finally, Ryoko's sobs 
began to subside.  At first, PM Washu thought she might 
have cried herself to sleep, but it wasn't so.  Ryoko was 
lying there, unmoving, unwilling to acknowledge the world 
that had betrayed her yet again.
	PM Washu came to a decision.  She tapped Ryoko's 
shoulder to get her attention and pointed at the window 
on the other side of the forcefield.  A blue sky could be 
seen.  "You see that?"  PM Washu asked her.  "Do you see 
the stars?"  Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "Well, of course not 
*now*, but they're there.  That's where the real challenge 
is, Ryoko.  Deep space exploration.  I always dreamed of 
going out there and exploring each one, of seeking out their 
mysteries and solving them, and if I couldn't solve them, 
then I was going to at least come close.  With the war and 
mayhem that occurred afterward, I never got the chance, but 
I'm going there.  Once Ryoko abdicates, I'm gonna finish out 
my term and retire.  Then I'm going exploring."
	Ryoko said nothing.
	PM Washu turned back to her.  "Come with me."
	Ryoko blinked in shock.  "What?"  She half turned to 
Washu.
	The child-like scientist nodded behind her.  "Come 
with me, Ryoko.  We'll go and explore the galaxy together.  
Just you, me, and a Ryo-Ohki."
	Ryoko roughly turned from her.  "I see," she said 
accusingly.  "I make a nice replacement for your daughter."
	"No, Ryoko,"  PM Washu said quietly.  "My daughter 
is irreplaceable.  I won't deny that.  Once she leaves, 
I'll be alone.  I'm going anyway.  I just think it would 
be a good chance to get to know my niece a little better."
	Ryoko almost smiled.  "You're still going on about 
that?"
	PM Washu smiled.  "Of course.  You *are*  my niece."
	"You really *want* me to come with you?"  she asked.  
There was something close to hope in her voice.
	"Yeah, I really do."
	"I...I need to think about it,"  Ryoko told her.  
Washu nodded. 
	"I understand.  For now, let's get you out of here."
	"No,"  Washu blinked in shock.  "I'd like to stay 
here for awhile longer."
	Washu bit her lip and nodded.  "Okay, I'll make 
arrangements with the guard.  Whenever you're ready, you 
come out, okay?"
	Ryoko slowly nodded.
	"Okay."

	Washu was typing at her holotop in her makeshift lab, 
but was having a hard time concentrating on her experiment.  
She was worried about Ryoko.  Sure, things between she and 
her daughter were always a little rocky, but she was still 
her mother.  She could always count on that fact to bind 
them together.
	Now, Ryoko had cut her off and replaced her with her 
double.  
	She stopped typing and looked sadly at her computer 
screen.  She *had* treated Ryoko somewhat...callously...in 
the past, but she was still *her* daughter, dammit, not 
*her's*!  She slammed her hands onto the keyboard and cried 
out in frustration.
	She was *her* daughter, dammit!  *HER DAUGHTER!*
	Why?  Why was Ryoko suddenly demonizing her?  Why was 
her double helping her do it?
	Why?
	WHY!?
	She loved her daughter.  Ryoko knew that.
	Didn't she?
	<"What kind of mother *invades* her daughter's thoughts?  
Huh?  What kind of mother views her daughter as an *invention*?  
A physiological freak!?">
	She paused as the Prime Minister's accusations came 
rushing back to her.  It wasn't true.  She loved Ryoko.  She 
wasn't just an experiment...
	*Just* an experiment?
	She remembered having her daughter suspended in the 
air, trapped, begging to be let down while Washu observed.
	Why had she done that?
	She honestly couldn't remember.
	Why would she do such a thing?  It was odd, but she 
had no idea.  She had never really thought about it.  Why 
wouldn't she think about it?
	She didn't know.  It was right after that whole Dr. 
Clay incident.  For some reason, she had felt an extreme 
need to test her daughter.
	<Test?>
	Another odd word to use.  Why test?  What test?  To 
what purpose?  To what end?  To *whose* end?
	She was snapped out of this reverie when her holotop 
began to beep.  She blinked.  What the hell?
	She tapped a few keys and made a shocking discovery.  
Apparently, her computer and her double's received information 
from outside sources at the same frequency.  Anything that 
came from the outside into her computer would go to the 
Prime Minister's.
	And vice versa.
	She looked at the message on her screen.
	<You have one new message.>
	Washu paused.  The *appropriate* thing to do would 
be to ignore it.  She reached out to hit the delete key, 
but stopped.
	Stealing her daughter from her wasn't *appropriate* 
either.
	She typed a question into her holotop.  An answer 
appeared promptly.
	<Colonel Masayoshi Rotarin, JDF.>
	Washu blinked.  <*Masayoshi* Rotarin?>
	It hit her like a bolt of lightning.
	Masayoshi!
	She reached out with a quavering hand and hit the, 
"Enable," key.  The face of a blonde man with green eyes 
appeared on her screen.  Washu gasped, her eyes went wide.  
It was *him*.  It was *HIM*!
	The man began to speak.  "Hello, Mother."  Washu gulped 
at hearing her suspiscion confirmed.  "I know you said you 
didn't want anything to do with me, but I had to send this.  
Things are changing, Mother, and I'm a part of it."  His 
voice turned bitter.  "I've learned a great many things lately, 
*Mom.*"  He leaned forward on the screen.  "I know who and 
what you are.  I know why you're here, and I know what you're 
planning to do.  Let me give you a piece of advice, Mother.  
Let it go."  With that, his face disappeared.  
	<Message Ends.>
	Washu took a deep breath and let it out slowly.  The 
message made no sense to her, of course, but simply seeing 
the face of her son...
	It had a profound impact to say the least.
	She sat back in her chair and stared off into space.  
His message had been full of scorn, threat, and utter 
rejection of her double.  It was rather obvious that he 
wanted nothing to do with his mother.  He wanted nothing 
to do with her.
	"Computer...save message."
	<Message Saved.>

	Tsunami walked down the Soja's hallway, once again 
en route to sick bay.  It was late at night on board the 
Soja, although it was only approaching late afternoon at 
the palace.  She turned the corner and found a peaceful 
sickbay this time.  A uniformed receptionist looked up and 
recognized her.  She realized that she had been the receptionist 
on duty the last time she was here.
	"Good evening, Ma'am.  Shoulder still giving you 
trouble?"
	Tsunami smiled.  "No, actually, I'm looking for 
Julian."
	The receptionist gave her a knowing smile.  "He's 
down the hall, in the break room."
	"Thank you."
	"Down the hall, on the left.  Room three oh three."
	Tsunami followed these directions and found Dr. 
Julian Bond sitting at a simple table, writing in a file 
folder.
	"Julian,"
	He looked up and smiled.  "Ms. Tsunami, how are you?"
	She returned the smile.  "I'm well, Julian, thank you."  
She entered the room and stood before him.  "Julian, we will 
be returning to our home soon, but I wanted to thank you one 
last time for what you've done for me."
	He waved it aside.  "Healing people is what I do, Ms. 
Tsunami.  Don't mention it."
	"I did not mean that, Julian."  He looked at her 
quizzically.  She took a step forward and sat across from 
him at the table.  "You have given me a unique insight into 
sentience, Julian, an insight I had not experienced before.  
I wanted to thank you for that."
	He shook his head. "I'm afraid I don't understand, Ms. 
Tsunami.  You mean that talk we had in the washroom?"
	She nodded.
	"I was only pointing out the obvious, Ms. Tsunami.  
I'm not a philosopher."
	"And that's what made it relevant, Julian."  He still 
wasn't getting it.  "I have, at my disposal, several thousand 
texts concerning sentience.  Everything written on the subject 
was there for me to read, but it was still only words.  It 
took the experience, plus your words to me for it to begin 
to truly make sense.  This knowledge will serve me well in 
the struggle ahead, and for that, I thank you."
	Bond had no idea what to say.
	Tsunami stood up.  "Well, I should be getting back."
	"Tsunami,"
	She stopped and looked at him.
	"The O-club is still open, and I'm off duty.  Would 
you care to get some dinner?"
	Tsunami smiled.  "I would like that." 

	Night fell on the Capital.  As the people of the city 
went about their business, they were suddenly joined by the 
sight of their Empress as she appeared all over the city in 
the form of huge, building-sized holograms.  Everyone stopped 
and turned.  An Emperor or Empress only addressed the Capital 
like this when something was really important.  The last two 
times were when Emperor Tenchi had announced his declaration 
of war against Jurai, and when Empress Ryoko had announced 
the surrender and armistice.
	E. Ryoko looked down at her people.  "Citizens of the 
Empire," she began.  "I address you with important news this 
night."  She paused for effect before continuing.  "For 
centuries, the Imperial House has ruled the Empire.  For 
centuries, you, the citizens, answered to only one person.  
I made a promise when I first took the throne.  I told you 
that before my reign ended, the Empire would be a republic, 
ruled by its people and ruled for its people.  The time has 
come to make good on that promise."

	From her cell in the brig.  Ryoko listened as the guard 
watched the Empress' speech on the brig's viewscreen.  She 
gritted her teeth.
	"The Imperial Senate has been granted the power that 
was its due.  The monarchy has held less and less power over 
the past years.  The time has come to take the final step."  
She paused again.  "To that end, in three months, I will 
formally step down as Empress of Jurai."
	
	All over the great Capital City were gasps of shock, 
murmurs of apprehension.  It was not bizarre to see a uniformed 
man or woman silently crying.
	"I've never liked long goodbyes," the Empress went on.  
"So I will not drag this one out.  Just know this."  The 
hologram blinked away an errant tear.  "Know that since I 
took the throne, I've loved each of you as my own children, 
and that to say goodbye to you now is one of the hardest 
things I have ever had to do.  Have faith that our Empire 
will flourish, and know that even though I will no longer 
be your Empress, I will *still* love you as my own children."  
The hologram straightened.  "Tsunami save the Empire...and her 
*People*."  The hologram vanished, leaving a bewildered, 
grief-stricken populace behind.

	Lying together in E. Ryoko's bed, Tenchi and E. Ryoko 
gently held each other.  The events of the day had affected 
her more than she thought they would.  Tenchi had heard about 
what happened at the stables.  He had been angry with her, 
but had forgiven her when she promised to apologize.  He asked 
her to leave Ryoko alone.  He knew this was hurting her, and 
also knew that the last thing she wanted was for the Empress 
to even be near her, even if it was to apologize.
	E. Ryoko snuggled closer to him.  He held her a little 
tighter.
	"Well," she said with a sigh.  "That's it.  It's done."
	"Yeah," he agreed.  
	"So, you'll go back tomorrow with the others, and I'll 
join you there in three months."
	He shook his head.  "No, I'm staying here with you."
	"Tenchi, we've been through this."
	"I know, and I know I'm not leaving.  I'm staying here 
with you."
	"You'll be trapped here.  You won't be able to leave the 
palace except in disguise.."
	"It's only for three months," he whispered, caressing her 
face.  "I want to be with you for those three months."
	"If you go back with the others, you'd only have to 
wait three days."
	"I'd rather have three months with you than three days 
without," he told her.
	She smiled and kissed him.  "You're being foolish, 
Tenchi Masaki," she told him, "But I'm happy that you are."

	The vortex opened in a flash of green light.  Everyone 
stood before it, watching the swirling green light as it 
illuminated the room.
	"We'll be three days behind you,"  Tenchi told them.  
Ayeka nodded.  Ryoko still couldn't face him.  Sasami and 
Mihoshi smiled and hugged him.  
	"We'll have your room ready when you get back," Sasami 
told Tenchi and the Empress, "With a special homecoming 
dinner to celebrate."
	Tenchi and the Empress smiled.
	PM Washu approached Ryoko.
	<This is goodbye, it would seem,>  she projected.
	"Aunt Washu?"
	PM Washu blinked.  "Yes, Ryoko?"
	Ryoko raised her head and offered her a weak smile.  
"This scientific expedition you're putting together," she 
began, "Do you think there's room on it for a washed up space 
pirate?"
	PM Washu grinned.  "Always.  If you don't mind hanging 
out with a washed up politician."
	Ryoko stepped forward and hugged her.  "I'll go back 
with the others and come back when *they* come through the 
gate," she said.  "I'm not sure I could take three months 
of seeing them together."
	PM Washu nodded.  "I understand, dear.  Take your time.  
I'll be waiting when you get here."
	Ryoko nodded and turned.  Without another word, she 
stepped through the portal, Ryo-Ohki sitting on her shoulder.
	"Hey, Ayeka!"  
	The princess turned and found Rikari, Tenza, Nol'al, 
and Gret'an walking up to her.  Rikari grinned.  "How's your 
head?"
	Ayeka moaned and put her fingers on her temples.  
The Marines had insisted on throwing her a going away party, 
and she was still feeling the aftermath.
	Rikari grinned.  "You didn't think you'd get away 
without us saying goodbye, did you?"
	Ayeka offered her a smile.  "I'm not sure my head 
could take another goodbye."
	"Well, we got you something to remember us by."  She 
turned to Tenza who handed her a sheathed combat knife.  
Rikari turned and presented it to Ayeka.  "With Third Squad's 
compliments."
	Ayeka drew the knife from its sheathe.  It was a standard 
issue, serrated, combat knife, but this one had been engraved 
on the blade.  She read the engraving aloud.
	"'To Ayeka, the highest ranking drinking buddy we've ever 
had.  Keep the faith.'" It was signed by the four Marines.  
She wiped a tear away and hugged them all in turn.  Rikari 
blinked away a tear.
	"If you get a chance to visit," Rikari told her, "You 
take it.  There are still parts of this town we need to burn 
down together."
	Ayeka laughed.  "I will."  She bowed to Rikari.  
"Goodbye, Misa."
	Rikari saluted her.  "Goodbye, Ayeka."
	Ayeka turned, took Sasami's hand, and walked through 
the portal, Gensao right behind them.
	"Wait for me, you guys!"  Mihoshi cried as she 
followed them.
	That left Tsunami and Washu.  Washu shook Tenchi's 
hand, ignoring the black looks her double was throwing her.  
"Take care of yourself, Tenchi."
	"Thanks, Little Washu.  We'll see you in three days...or 
three months, whichever you prefer."
	Tsunami stepped forward.  She took Tenchi's hands in 
her own and leaned forward until her forehead was touching 
his.  She closed her eyes, then stepped back.  "Believe in 
your own power," she told him.
	"I will," Tenchi told her.  He amended this a second 
later.  "I do."
	She nodded and hugged him.  "Three days."  
	With that, Washu and Tsunami started up the ramp to 
the dimensional gate.
	"Do you think they'll make it?"  Washu asked.
	Tsunami paused before the gate.  "I think so."  She 
looked down at Washu.  "Will *you* be okay?"
	Washu nodded and sighed.  "I think so.  One thing's for 
sure, I need to have a long talk with Ryoko when we get back."
	Tsunami smiled.  "If you like, I will help you."
	Washu looked up at her and blinked.  "Thank you, 
Tsunami, but why?"
	Tsunami smiled.  "It's a part of being human."
	Washu smiled.  Together they stepped through the gate...
	...And emerged in Hell.
	Tsunami and Washu looked around them in horror.  They 
weren't in Washu's lab.  They were in a steel-walled room.  
They looked behind them as the gate closed, trapping them 
there.  They turned to the front of the room.  The others, 
Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, were all unconscious or dead 
and being dragged away by...by things they couldn't imagine 
ever seeing anywhere.  They were like giant praying mantisses.  
Gensao was in ragged pieces on the floor.
	They stared in shock.  Suddenly, one of the insects 
looked up and saw them there.  It shrieked.  Tsunami and 
Washu covered their ears, trying to keep out the nightmarish 
sound.  The other insects turned to them, dropping their 
unmoving cargo.  Their eyes began to glow.  Tsunami looked 
up at them.  There was a flash of green light...
	Then nothingness.

Author's Notes:

Wow, what a cliffhanger!  Well don't worry.  With school and 
work I should be able to have the next part out in about seven 
or eight months.  
(Author looks at the black looks given to him by the audience.)  
Um...Four months.  (Author takes a step back as the audience 
begins reaching for things to throw.)  Four weeks?  (Author ducks)  
AS SOON AS I CAN!  I SWEAR!  AS SOON AS I CAN!
Well, hoped you enjoyed it.  Bye for now.

Please send C&C to Thomas "009" Doscher at
doscher009@hotmail.com