Copyright notice: The mention and use of the Tenchi
Muyo characters Mihoshi and Kiyone are owned to their
respected owners please dont sue me I have no
money!!!!!

The Hunter

"A hero is born"

By
Pierce   A. Tomas

Some where deep in space.

A long stretcher was carrying me as I heard alarms
going off, "We haft to get him off now if the Viseriod
find our experiment they will turn him into a killing
machine." Someone said, as I looked to me side to see
a blurry figure. "I am going to upload all of the
information now. Make sure you have the G computer in
the escape capsule." Another person said as I felt a
jolt. "What about his memory we did take him from an
unknown planet do you have the memory disk?" The one
to my left said as the stretcher stopped. "No it was
destroyed in the first attack, I am afraid he will
have no memory of his past. Quickly we must load him
into pod he is the last hope for the planets." The one
on my right said as they lifted me into a weird
cockpit. "G take care of him." One of them said.
"Don't worry I'll make sure he is still alive." I
heard a girls voice say as a canopy closed all around
me.  I felt another large jolt as the pod began to
move away from a large spacecraft I felt the pod turn
and I looked at a large planet covered with water
landmasses. "Who am I?" I thought as I passed out in
the chair as the pod began to descend to the planet.

The pod began to rock the teenager body around as it
entered the atmosphere: the teenager was about
seventeen wearing a weird type of full body armor. He
had brown hair and eyes, the pod finally got threw the
atmosphere and into the planets sky. The pod deployed
two metal wings on each side a began to slow down, as
it neared the ground two reverse buster's fired up
slowing the pod up more as it slammed into the ground
creating a long dug up streak in a grassy plain near
an edge of a forest.

"Sukura look a shooting star!" Sara said as they
lifted bails of hay. Sukura was about sixteen with
short brown hair wearing some dirty blue jeans and a
white shirt. Sara was about thirteen light brown hair
wearing a blue shirt with overalls.  Sukura was
retying her blue headband bandana, "Sis shooting stars
only appear at night." Sukura said as they head a
large crash in the woods. "Then what was that?' Sara
said as they saw some white smoke coming from the
woods. "I don't know go get mom I am going to check it
out." Sakura said as she ran off.

"Man my head." I thought as I began to regain
consensus, their was white smoke all around me as I
pushed the clear canopy out. I stumbled out of the
seat and looked around, "Where am I? More of less who
am I?" I thought as I looked at the weird capsule. I
looked at my self to see I had on some weird full body
armor. "Hey you." I heard someone say. "What the?" I
said as I looked around. "Down on your arm stupid." I
heard the voice say again. I looked down on the arm on
my left arm and flipped up a small panel revealing a
small console. Suddenly a holographic image of a
woman's face came up, "Who are you?" I said as I saw
her face.
"I am G an artificial personality computer but first I
think I need to clear up some things about you." She
said. "Yea how about you tell me who I am?" I said as
I sat down on the pod. "Well from the data they gave
me your name is Alex or that is what Dr. Malone said
to me." G said. "My name is Alex ok them why did I get
ejected out of that spacecraft?" I asked as G showed
me a picture of the ship. "Well let me start from the
beginning of the project." G said as I felt something
go into my neck. "Wait a sec." I said as something
began to flash in my mind.

Suddenly the surrounding all around Alex changed to
the inside of an operating room as a group of doctors
where gathered around an operating table. G suddenly
materialized in front of Alex, G looked about twenty
or so with black hair and brow eyes weaning a pair of
kaki dress pants and a white button up shirt. "Kind of
cool huh? Well your seeing all of this threw your Data
Link system they put in the back of your brain. It
allows you to automatically see map's of the surround
area or look at computer's an stuff." G said as she
showed Alex the back of his head where two small jacks
in his hair. "That's good an dandy but, why did they
do this to me." Alex asked. "Oh yea sorry where was I.
ah yes. You where audited from a planet in another
galaxy for the purposes of making the ultimate
solider. These top scientists where kidnapped by and
war like alien race call the
Viseriod. The Viseriod want nothing but to take over
the entire galaxy with their armies, you and other
people from around the galaxy where experimented on."
G said as she showed more pictures of other
experiments. "Let me guess I passed right." Alex said
as he looked at the pictures. "Yes you did you
survived the nano-skin operation. It is a layer of
synthetic skin around your bones that is nearly
indescribable and can repair your body in case you get
hurt. After some tests they found out you could
survive the most brutal of attacks and come out
unscaved. Basically you're stronger, faster and more
durable than anyone in the galaxy." G said as she
showed a picture of a bone with a clear layer on it.
"So I am practically invincible is what your saying."
Alex said. "Not really you still can get hurt but it
would take a lot of power and you can die. Well after
they enhanced you Dr. Malone loaded into your brain
every type of combat data on weapons and equipment
know to the Viseriod, when they came to take you. Dr.
Malone refused to let them have you so they put you in
that escape pod and jettisoned you down here. He also
left you a final message and for me to play it to
you." G said as a picture of Dr. Malone came up. "I
really don't have much time to explain every thing
Alex I just hope G can try to fill in the gaps. Well I
haft to say you're the only one in the galaxy who can
stop them that is why I made you. Listen there are
some weapons and equipment in the pod you can use. I
have a friend in the organization know as the
"Hunters" named Konoko she is one of the best and she
can help you. I hope one day you can forgive me for
doing these things to you." Dr. Malone said as his
blurry picture disappeared.

Suddenly I was back in the forest next to the pod, "So
that is what he made me for to try an stop the
Viseriod. G do you know where I was from?" I asked as
I leaned my head against the pod and looked up at the
blue sky. "Yes a planet on the far end of the galaxy
called Earth. At least your file say's this, oh yea I
forgot to tell you about something." G said as I got
up from the ground and looked in the pod to see a pack
with a brown cloak with a long plasma rifle on top of
it. "Yea G what is it?" I said as I pulled out the
pack an opened it to see two plasma pistols with
holsters. "Your body armor is made of the same
material as the nano-skin and it should protect you
just as well." G said as I looked down at the armor,
there where two big plates over my chest with four
other plates that liked together on my stomach coving
my front chest, the shoulder armor was stuck out an
inch over my arms. My arms a legs where covered with
the same armored plates with elbow and kneepads.
Suddenly I heard something rustle in some bushes
behind me. I jumped behind the pod and grabbed the
rifle, I heard it charge up as I aimed it at the
bushes. "Who is there?" I yelled as I scanned the area
around it. "Don't shoot." A girl said as she came
slowly out of the bushes. "G is that one of them?" I
asked as I slowly came out from behind the pod. "No
that is not one of them good night that is a human
like you." G said as I slung the rifle around my back.
"What are you doing out here?" I asked as I put on the
cloak and backpack. "Wow is that an escape pod cool I
have only seen then in photos." She said as she looked
at the pod. "Excuse me just who are you and again why
are you out here?" I said. "Oh uh I saw your pod going
down and I came out here to see if anyone was ok or
not. By the way name's Sukura I live on a small far on
the other side of this forests." She said. Suddenly a
giant black triangle craft rushed overhead creating a
large rumble, "G what is that?" I said as I saw it
landed near by. "Oh crap it's a Viseriod small scout
it only has two crew seats. What are we going to do?"
G said frantically. "Uh hide?" I said as we ducked
into the bushes.

Alex and Sukura hid behind a large tree as two large
green lizards like creatures looked around the pod. "G
what are they?" Alex asked as he pulled his rifle out
and held it upwards. "I don't know info says their the
Viseriod's henchmen their exact name is unknown." G
said as the lizards moved around the area. "Well they
look like Igwa lizard I saw." Sukura said. "Ok then we
just call them Igaw's, there is only two of them I
could take them." Alex said as he aimed his rifle at
one of them. "Don't shoot them they might alert
everyone else." G said. One of them spoke into a
communicator, "Master Dreg we have found the pod but,
he is no where to be found. Hey Sin do you see
anything?"  "No Syph nothing here but, some old animal
tracks." Sin said as he walked towards Syph. Suddenly
a menacing voice came over the radio, "Keep scanning
the planet we need him but, be careful the emperor
knows nothing of this project." "Yes sir we will scan
the entire planet." Sin said as he put the
communicator back on his belt. Suddenly from one of
the trees someone leaped off and landed on the pod, "I
don't think I will let you guy's take this excellent
piece of sellable junk from me." The guy said as he
landed. The guy was about twenty-two with black hair
in a weird front ward spiky hair do, he had on a brown
vest with brown cargo pants. He pulled out a long
samurai sword from his belt and a pistol, "I suggest
you get away from this pod or Aaron the junk hunter
will show you some of his famous moves." Aaron said as
Sin and Syph came towards him. "Oh my god its him!"
Sukura excitedly said. "Him who?" Alex asked as Aaron
pistol-whipped Sin. "It's Aaron he is a famous junk
hunter he goes all over the world hunting junk and
selling it for a lot of money. I know him personally.
" Sukura said as Aaron jumped off the capsule and down
in front of Syph. "Why you little." Syph said as Alex
came around the tree and shot him in the head with is
rifle. Aaron shot a glace back at Alex as he jumped
back onto the capsule, "I don't know who you are pal
but, thanks. Now if you don't mind I will be taking
this." Aaron said. Sin began to get back up shaking
his head when Aaron came back down an knocked him out
again, Alex came closer to Aaron aiming his rifle at
his chest. "To tell you the truth that is mine and
your not taking it." Alex said as he came closer. "You
don't have any owner rights off worlder this pod is
mine unless someone can prove it." Aaron said as he
pushed the rifle slightly away. "He owns it I saw him
land it." Sukura said as she came from around the
large tree. "What Sukura what are you doing here?"
Aaron said as he put away his sword. "Well I saw the
pod fall and came out here to see who was in it. An
you shouldn't talk you should of come by and visited
if you where around here." Sukura said as she came
towards the pod. "This is all nice and dandy but, If
you would like to know there are three more Viseriod
ships approaching our position." G said as her picture
came up. "What do the Viseriod want with this pod?"
Aaron asked as he looked at the pod. "They don't want
the pod they want me." Alex said. "Why do they want
you?" Sukura asked as Alex started to run into the
forest. "It is a long story lets just go." Alex said
as he ran into the forest.

Master Dreg was a short three-foot gray colored
creature with two large black eyes in his bulb shaped
head; Dreg sat in his command chair and looked at the
screen infrount of him at the planet below. Their
where servile other creatures like him setting around
in different places working on their consoles.  "What
a pathetic little planet why would those two Galaxy
Police scientists put our experiment down there?" Dreg
said in a deep booming voice. One of the Viseriod
controllers came up to Dreg and said "Sir scout four
has reported that a junk hunter attacked him and
killed his partner after they found the pod." "Their
was no sign of subject one their?" Dreg said as his
chair swiveled around to the controller. "No..No sir
their was nothing but, we have reports of another set
of pod's that landed on the next planet." The
controller said as Dreg pounded his fist on the arm of
the chair, Dreg let out a howl as he hit the
controller down a set of stairs. "Where can he be!"
Dreg yelled as the controller got up and went back to
his post. "Commander incoming message form the Galaxy
police director." Another controller said as a
scratchy screen came up. "Dreg what is happening to
our little experiment?" A distorted voice said on the
screen. "Ah director our project has hit a little
delay in the first one but, the project will be
delivered to you on time." Dreg said as his chair
swiveled over and looked at the main screen. "Dreg it
better be or our little agreement will be dissolved
and the Galaxy Police will haft to stop you little
take over of the Alpha galaxy. So Dreg it better is
here." The voice said as the screen disappeared.
Suddenly a door behind Dregs chair opened up to reveal
another Viseriod in a odd looking gray suite with a
gold bar on the shoulder, "So commander Dreg what are
we going to do about number one? Number two will be
ready by the end of the intergalactic week." The
Viseriod said as Dreg chair swiveled around to face
him. "We abandon number one scientist Disroy I take it
you have dealt with the human scientists?" Dreg said.
"Yes in a very harsh manner, but what if number one
finds a way off this planet?" Disroy said as he looked
on the screen at the planet. "On that back wards low
tech planet I do not think that is a problem.
Controllers recall all scout ships we are leaving."
Dreg bellowed as the controllers began to go to work.
"For your sake Dreg I hope you are right other wise
you will pay dearly for this." Disroy said as he
turned and left the room.


"Hey Alex look their leaving!" Aaron said as they
walked out of the forest into an open grassy plane
with a dirt path leading down to a small farm. The
black scout ships flew threw the air overhead making
they way to space, "Maybe they gave up?" Alex said as
he looked at the ships fly off. "Not likely but, they
may have given up trying to find you here." G said on
Alex's arm. "Why would they give up on me just like
that there must be something up." Alex said as they
continued to walk down the path. "Man who cares their
gone and your home free. Um where ever your home is at
that is." Aaron said as he walked in front of Sakura.
"I know Alex this all may be a little much to handle
but, we need to get off this planet and to the
Hunter's headquarters." G said as we approached the
farm. A little girl wearing overalls came up to Sakura
yelling, "Sakura, Sakura what did you find?  You know
mom is really mad at you for taking off like that. Oh
its Aaron!" The little girl said as she ran up to
Aaron and gave him a big hug. "Um Sakura?" Alex said
as he looked down at the little girl. "Oh Alex meet my
little sister Sara." Sakura said as we cam up to a
large house with several windows and a screen door.
"Hi, you know my sis is looking for a boyfriend I
think you would make a grate one." Sara said as Sakura
started to blush. "Um, uh what is a boyfriend?" Alex
said as they heard the screen door open. "Sakura you
shouldn't have taken off like that. What where you
thinking?" A woman said as she came out of the door.
She looked about forty with a blue shirt and a pair of
blue jeans on, She had brown hair tired up in a bun
with brown eyes wiping her hands with a cloth. "Sorry
mom but, see I had Aaron with me and my new friend
Alex. Alex meets my mom Amy. " Sakura said as Alex
stood their looking around. "Oh Aaron how nice to see
you again been taking care of your self?" Amy said as
she put the cloth in her back pocket. "Yes Amy I have
I was around the area when I saw Sakura checking out
this crashed escape pod that we found Alex in." Aaron
said. "Yea I found Alex in a crashed pod and decided
to bring him over here to see if he is alright."
Sakura said as Amy looked at Alex. "Well then, Alex,
Aaron do you have a place to stay for the night?" Amy
asked. "Well um no I really need to get off this
planet and to where the Hunter's headquarters is at."
Alex said. "You're you're a hunter! Oh thank god they
finally answered us we need your help at your small
town." Amy said as Sakura came up to her. "Mom he is
not a." Sakura said as Amy cut her off. "You see there
has been this band of outlaws terrorizing our trading
post every month for a year and we need someone to
stop them. They're coming tomorrow at your trading
days and I was wondering if you could some how stop
them." Amy said with sigh. "I am not a Hunter I am
just passing threw trying to find some answers about
some things." Alex said as Amy looked at him with sad
eyes. "Oh I under stand. Well there is going to be a
small junk freighter coming by tomorrow to take up
this months trash they could probly give you a lift
somewhere." Amy said as she went back into the house
with Sakura and Sara. "Alex don't feel bad about that
I tried to stop them but, they even kicked my ass come
on lets go inside." Aaron said as he walked in. "G I
think I could stop them." Alex said as he looked in
the house. "Are you thinking of fighting them
tomorrow?" G said as I started to walk in. "Maybe."
Alex said.

I was up in a attic room with a small bead and a
circle window at the end, "I made up the bead while
you where eating with Aaron, I am sorry about how my
Mom acted." Sakura said as I walked towards the bead
and took off my brown cloak and backpack. "It is
alright I cant say I blame her those bandits are a
real problem." I said as I took off the top part of my
armor revealing a black shirt and set my rifle down
near my bead. "Yea, well I will see you tomorrow ok."
She said as she began to go down stairs. "Um, Sukura I
am going to try to stop them. I was meant to help
people so I am going to start here." I said as I sat
down on the bead and looked at her. "Are you sure I
mean their pretty tough." She said to me. "Well they
haven't met me yet I will show them." I said with a
smile. Sukura smiled at me as she went down stairs and
turned off the light, "Night." She said as I lay down.
"Are you sure you can beat them? I mean I know you
have programming inside of you about hand to hand
combat among other things. But how do you know if you
can fight?" G said to me as I began to feel sleepy. "I
am going to haft to fight in the future so I need to
see how my abilities are now. I know no, I feel that
something is out their waiting for me. I just don't
know if it is bad of good." I said as I looked up at
the window at the stars.

Dreg walked into the room with three tubes full of a
yellow liquid and oddly shaped bodies, several human's
in lab coats where working at stations. "Ah Commander
Dreg so sorry about my former collogue Dr. Malone he
could never see the full potential of the technology
that you have." Dr. Collins said as he came up to
Dreg. "Well Dr. Collins I hope you and the rest of
your GP scientists do not make the same mistake that
Malone did or you will suffer his fate as well." Dreg
said as he approached the tubes. "That is number two
he survived the operation and we are now feeding him
growth enchantment drugs. In five days he will be up
to the age of twenty and more powerful than number one
was." Dr. Collins said as Dreg looked at the small
child. "Excellent, it is to bad that number one could
not be apart of our grate plan. Such a pity that a
great specimen had to go to waste." Dreg said as he
looked at Collins. "Yes is it true that you abducted
him at the age of seventeen and he survived the
operation?" Dr. Collins asked. Dreg gave him a slight
grin and started towards the door, "It is to bad that
the information on where he came from was destroyed we
could have used the whole planet as out subjects. No
matter." Dreg said as he left. Dr. Collins looked at
the tube and at the child inside, "Yes once your out
into the world you will take care of that little
problem wont you?" Dr. Collins said as the child
opened his eyes.

Alex, Aaron and Sara rode in the back of a cart as
Asuka and Amy where in the front driving the horses.
"Are you nuts fighting them you will get killed?"
Aaron whispered to Alex as Alex checked his rifle.
"That is not likely anyways I was meant to help people
and well I am going to start here. Their probly not
that many of them anyhow." Alex said as he put his
rifle on his back and loaded his handguns. "I am
telling you your crazy to stand up against them your
only a kid." Aaron said as the car approached the
trading post. "Well we will just see then." Alex said,
as he put on is armor and brown cloak. The trading
post was full of small stands on the side of the road
with a small inn and bar across from each other in the
middle of a crowd of people. "Ok here is our spot!"
Sakura said as the cart turned. Alex and Aaron got out
of the back and pulled up the hay and other
vetagibles. "How about you two go over to the bar and
find the man who is in charge of the garbage pick up."
Amy said to us as they started to set up their stand.
"Alright be back." Alex said as Alex and Aaron went
over to the bar. Alex and Aaron went into the noisy
smoke laden bar and went up to the bar "Can you tell
us where the garbage freighter pilot is?" Alex asked
the barkeep. The barkeep looked over at Alex and Aaron
and said, "Kid you shouldn't be in and you Aaron you
still owe me from your last stay here so pay up now or
Tido is going to teach you how to pay. Hey Tido get
over here!" The barkeep said as a big seven foot one
eyed green skinned man came over to Aaron. "Tido
hungry." Tido said in a deep voice and suddenly the
bar went quiet. "Um he he I really don't have the
money right now." Aaron said raising his hands up to
Tido trying to block his smelly breath. "Tido have
lunch." The barkeep said as Tido let out a small yell
and picked up Aaron. "You better let him go." Alex
said as Tido turned around and looked at Alex. "Tido
no let go, Tido hurt little kid if little kid don't
leave." Tido said as he punched at Alex. Alex quickly
grabbed Tido's arm with his left hand and came around
with his right elbow slamming it down on Tido's arm
breaking it. Tido let out a howl as he let go of Aaron
and Alex keened him in the gut and slammed his right
elbow down on the back of Tido's head. Aaron and the
barkeep looked on in amassment as Alex picked up Tido
and threw him into the brick wall, Tido did two flips
in the air and slammed into the brick wall leaving an
imprint of his body and slid down to the floor
unconscious. "No I am going to ask nicely! Where is
the garbage pilot?" Alex said as he grabbed the
barkeep and picked him up by the collar. "Agg, he is
over their in the corner." The barkeep said as he
pointed to the man in the corner with a flight jacket
and a cowboy hat on. "Thank you. Come on Aaron." Alex
said as he sat him down and walked over to the man in
the back. Alex and Aaron walked to the back table to a
man that was laughing as he tipped his hat up, "Very
good show, you know that guy always use to give me
problems. Oh yea names Johnny Depree." Johnny said as
he finished his drink. "Ok then can you get me off
this planet I need to get to the Hunter's hq." Alex
said. Johnny spit out his drink all over the table,
"Oh sorry their you're a hunter sure thing man you
guys saved my ass a few times when I was haling cargo
sure. But the Hunter HQ wont be going that far only to
the sector seven star port when you get their your on
your own." Johnny said as he got up. Suddenly someone
from out side yelled out "Their coming!" The whole bar
suddenly bolted out the door and to their stands,
"What is going on?" Alex asked as he looked out side.
"Shit they always arrive earlier every month you two
better clear out of here the Desert boy's gang is
coming. Just meet me outside of the town the freighter
is about a mile out side of town you two better get
going. Another thing I am leaving in five ok so be
there." Johnny said as he ran out. Aaron started out
the door but Alex stayed behind, "Alex man come on
lets get going." Aaron said as they started to here
the sounds of engines coming towards the town. "I am
staying you go to Sakura and Amy ok." Alex said as he
sat down at the bar and pulled his hood over his head.
"Kid your nuts, but you could get rid of them you
would be doing the post a favor. Are you really a
hunter?" The barkeep said as he poured me a drink.
Alex looked up at him and gave a slight grin as he sat
at the bar.

Suddenly ten hover bikes rode into town and stopped
out side of the Bar and the inn. The lead bike was red
sleek hover bike with several stickers and gashes on
it. The other bikes where either gray or blue, the
bikes and their riders stopped in the middle of the
street and got off. "Ok you all know the drill now
lets get this over with and no one will be hurt." The
lead biker said as his gang went towards the booths
grabbing food and over items. The lead biker was about
thirty wearing a black leather vest with the words
"Desert boys" written across the back in blood red
letters and a cut off gray t-shirt with a pair of
green nylon pants with a shotgun around his back, he
had long brown hair and tanned skin with a pair of
sunglasses on. "Derrick you and Squid go over to the
bar and get me so booze. Where going to have one hell
of a party." The leader said. "Sure thing Clarance."
Derrick said. "What I thought I told you to start
calling me Boss not Clarance!" The boss yelled. "Sorry
Boss." Derrick said as him and Squid went over to the
bar.

Alex sat at the bar as the barkeep wiped the counter
with a rag, suddenly Squid and Derrick walked in.
Squid was about twenty-three baldhead red eyes wearing
a dirty red shit and a pair of blue jeans with a metal
bat in his hand. Derrick twenty-three black hairs and
hazel eyes wearing a white tang-top showing his
muscular arms with a gun tucked in his belt. "Man what
the mess is he doing in here?" Squid said as he pulled
out his bat. "Don't know fella's I told him to get out
but, he just said no." The barkeep said as he stepped
back from Alex. Squid came up to Alex and head the
metal bat to his face, "You better clear out kid our
there is going to be trouble!" Squid yelled. Alex
quickly turned around in his chair and grabbed the bat
crushing it in his hands. "What the you little." Squid
said as he dropped the bat and took a swing at Alex.
Alex blocked the punch and palm strike Squid in the
face, their was a wet crack and Squids body flew threw
the air and fell on the ground dead. "Squid man?
Squid! You bastard!" Derrick said as he pulled out his
gun and fired. Alex jumped to the side dogging the
bullets and pulled out his handgun firing two times,
the bullets smacked into Derricks gun knocking it out
of his hand and putting a hole in his hand. Derrick
screamed out as he held his hand that was bleeding,
Alex walked up to him and kicked him into the bikes in
the street.

"I am not going to let you take anything!" Aaron said
as two of the gang members approached Sakura's booth.
"Yea right pal we beat you before and we can do it
again!" One of them said when they heard shots then
saw Derrick thrown out of the bar. "What was that?"
The other one said. Aaron rushed the gang member and
kicked him in the gut and pistol-whipped him in the
head knocking him out, the other one turned towards
him and pulled out a knife. Aaron put away his pistol
and pulled out his samurai sword, "Do you really want
to fight me with that?" Aaron said as he looked at the
gang member. The man dropped the knife and ran towards
the other members. All the other vendors and people
where at their booths ducking behind them as the gang
members went towards the bar. "What is going on!" The
boss said as he went over to Derrick. Derrick got up
with his bloody hand and said "It's a Hunter man we,
he killed Squid and did this to me." Derrick said as
he slowly got up. "Well well did the little post get a
big strong hunter now? It wont matter will take him
and get all of you for calling him." The Boss said as
Alex walked out of the bar. "I don't think so." Alex
said as he pulled back his hood. "What that is a
Hunter he's no Hunter he is just a kid, ha take him
and that stupid bar down." The boss said as one of the
gang members aimed a grenade launcher at him and
fired. The grenade hit Alex dead center in the chest
sending him flying back into the Bar as the grenade
exploded destroying the building, "Alex man no way!"
Aaron said as they saw the building collapse in on its
self-burning. "See what you will get if you try to
stick up to us. Ok guys now that the kid is taken care
of lets trash this post!" The boss said as they
started to get on their bikes. Suddenly Alex jumped
out of the burning wreckage sending burning wood and
brick down onto the road, in mid-air Alex threw off
his burn cloak and revealed his body armor. "I am not
no kid, I am a Hunter!" Alex yelled as he pulled out
his rifle and shot the bikes gas tanks destroying them
sending the riders threw the air. Alex landed on the
inn's roof and fired again at the gang members, "Drop
your weapons and no one else will get hurt!" Alex
yelled as he aimed at the Boss. The boss signaled his
men to drop their weapons and they did so, Aaron and
three other men ran over the grabbed all their weapons
pointing them at the members. Alex jumped down from
the inn and landed next to Aaron, "So um Alex what do
we do now?" Aaron said as they looked at the members.
"Um haven't thought that far yet, all that was really
running threw my mind was shoot jump bang bang you
know." Alex said as Sakura came up to them. "Alright
you got them!" Sakura said as she looked at them.
Suddenly the Boss pulled out a handgun and fired one
shot, Alex reacted to some sort of unknown instinct.
Suddenly everything became slow Alex could see the
bullet flying threw the air at Sakura, Alex quickly
pulled out his gun shot twice knocking the bullet out
of the air and hitting the gang leader in the head.
The gang leader fell to the ground as Alex put his gun
away, "Alex that was amazing how did you do that so
quickly?" Aaron, said as the gang members where
rounded up by the townspeople and Alex walked to
Sakura. "Are you alright Sakura?" Alex asked as she
looked at him in shock. "Yea I am fine..Alex.you saved
me." Sakura said as she hugged him. Alex stud their
and hugged her back, "That is why I am here I am here
to save people," Alex thought as he let go and went
back to Aaron. "We got a flight to ketch man and the
clock it ticking," Alex said as he got on the red
hover bike and Aaron got on another. Suddenly one of
the town's people ran up to Alex, "Hey kid don't worry
about the gang the Galaxy police are on their way here
to pick them up, we got to tell them something about
you what is your name?" He said. "Its Alex.uh.Alex
Hunter." Alex said as he took off towards the landing
sight.

We where soon in the air a threw the atmosphere and
into space, I looked out of my small window and saw
the stars. "I wonder which on I came from?" Alex said
to him self as he took off his top armor and set in a
black bag with weapons and cloths. "I whish I knew
that Alex I really whish I knew, but we, you will find
out, I am sure of that," G said as her face appeared
on the wall. "Its ok G I know there is someone or
something out their that will answer my questions but,
until then I guess I will try my hardest to help all
those I come across and use these powers of mine for
good, just maybe I can do some good." Alex said as he
sat down on the small cot and looked out the window at
the stars.

To be continued.

Next Hunter.

Alex and writer Pierce!!!
Pierce sets at his computer quietly tapping away
writing a new story when Alex peers over his sholder
and looks onto his screen and startles him. Pierce
shakes his fist at him and goes back to writing.

<Alex> Well well folks where off to a good start don't
you think writer Pierce?"
<Pierce> Well I guess so I don't know maybe I should
re-write it again.
<Alex> Are you nuts you had to re-write this story
three times before you got this version. No way I am
going threw that again.
<Pierce> Just tell them what is happening next ok
sheese!
<Alex> Well in the next story I finally arrive at the
Sector seven space port when I meed a weird old dude
that says (does in mysterious voice) I know your fate
in the starts, you know something weird like that when
the GP are alerted that I am their and send in the
troops. And we have our first special guest stars
Kiyone and Mihoshi from Tenchi Muyo oh yea maybe I
might get hooked up with one right Pierce?
<Pierce>Yea right Alex please anyways I think the
creators of Tenchi Muyo would probly kill me if I
hooked you up with Mihoshi. I mean think about it two
little other klutzes with super powers please I don't
think the galaxy is ready for that.
<Mihoshi>I am not a klutz, Mihoshi fire breath!!!
<Alex and Pierce> Ack!!!!
Alex and Pierce are scorched by Mihoshi's fire breath
and are turned charded black.
<Pierce>Ugh.see you next story.
<Mihoshi>Giggel
Alex's theme song
"Take a look around"
Limpbizkit
Mission Impossible 2 soundtrack
