disclaimer - i dont own tenchi or anything about tenchi so dont sue me
pioneer or you either AIC

The next morning Chad had awaken early.  He decided to go outside and get
some air.  He walked out of the house quiet so not to disturb anybody.  After
about 10 minuets Chad was about to go inside until he noticed Ryoko on the
roof.  He decided to go up and talk with her.  HE finally got on to the
roof.

(Chad) Um hello.
(Ryoko) Huh? [she was about to fly off when Chad stopped her]
(Chad) Please don't go.  I want to talk to you.
(Ryoko almost crying) Okay.
(Chad) Yesterday, when I said the two pains I felt.  You ran away.  Why?
(Ryoko) Because…(sniff)…I caused one of those pains.
(Chad) Nonsense.  Such a beautiful women like you cant possibly do any harm.
(Ryoko) Well I did and I'm sorry.  You see, around a year ago, you were
madly
in love with me and you cooked me breakfast.  I'm guessing you heard me say
that I loved Tenchi and you left.  We couldn't find you and so we gave up
all
hope.
(Chad) Look.  The past is past.  You couldn't hide you're real feelings.
Don't you ever be sorry for what you said okay?  You cant choose who you
love.  I guess you an I were never meant for each other and I'm glad that
you
are with the one you love.  So never be sorry okay?
(Ryoko hugging Chad and crying) Okay.

The two of them stayed up there for another 20min until they decided to go
inside.

(Washu) Chad, I need to see you for a second.
(Chad) Okay.  What about?
(Washu) Hold out your hand. [Chad did so]  Now try to concentrate on
creating
a ball of energy in your hand. [Chad kept trying.  After about a minute, a
ball of energy finally formed into his hand.] Now close you hand. [Chad did
so and a sword formed]  It seems that you now have some of the powers of
Ryoko.  The only question is who has the ability to do such a thing.
(Chad) um Washu is it?  Can you tell me something about my family?
(Washu) I'm sorry Chad.  But your parents died more than a year ago.  That's
why you came to live with us.  [Chad started crying and Washu brought him
down to her shoulder and he cried while she held him]
(Chad) If you need me, I'm gonna be in my room.  I just need to think some
things out.
(Washu) Take all the time you need. [Chad went to his room while Washu went
to go get breakfast]

(Sasami) Where is Chad?
(Washu) Oh, he wont be joining us for breakfast today.  He needs to think
some things out.
(Sasami) Will somebody bring him breakfast?
(Kiyone) Ill bring it to him.
(Sasami) Thanks.

After breakfast, Kiyone took the breakfast and brought it up to Chad.

<knock, knock>
(Chad) Who is it?
(Kiyone) Its me Kiyone.  I brought you your breakfast.  Can I come in?
(Chad) please do. [Kiyone walked into the room]
(Kiyone) Where do you want me to place this?
(Chad) Can you put it on my desk?
(Kiyone) Yes.
(Chad) Thanks.  [Kiyone was about to leave when Chad stopped her]  Wait.  I
was wondering if you could help me with something.
(Kiyone) With what?
(Chad) Can you tell me what I was like a year ago?
(Kiyone) Well, you were a perfect gentleman.  You were very kind hearted and
you were an awesome fighter.
(Chad) I wish I could remember.
(Kiyone) Don't worry you will.  No matter what, you're still Chad and that
is
all that matters.
(Chad) Thank you.

Kiyone left to attend to some things while Chad got up and ate his
breakfast.
 Chad finished eating and decided it wouldn't do any good to just stay
inside
all day.  He walked down stairs to see all the girls watching TV.

(Sasami) Oh, good.  Chad decided to come out of his room. Hey Chad?
(Chad) Yes?
(Sasami) How did you get gold hair like that?
(Chad) I'm sorry to say but I really don't know.
(Ayeka) You must remember Sasami.  Chad has amnesia.  HE wont be able to
remember such things.
(Sasami) Oh. Sorry Chad.
(Chad) Don't be sorry.

Chad walked out onto the porch and was followed by Ryoko.  Chad sat down and
Ryoko followed him.

(Ryoko) Are you feeling any better?
(Chad) Yea thanks.  Can I ask you something?
(Ryoko) Shoot.
(Chad) I was wondering.  When I was in love with you.  Did you ever enjoy
it?
(Ryoko) Actually yea.  I was kind of your first and only girlfriend until
that one day when you left.
(Chad) Oh well.  At least you are with the man you love and I'm just here.
I
hope I can find out what happened to me.
(Ryoko) Don't worry Chad.  We all want to know and we will find out. [Ryoko
gets up to go back in]
(Chad) Thanks.
(Ryoko) For what?
(Chad) Just thanks. [Ryoko smiles.  She gives him a kiss on the cheek and
goes back inside.]

Meanwhile at the shrine…
(Washu) Lord Kashuhito.  I'm afraid that whoever did what they did to Chad
will return one day.
(Kashuhito) Well, we will have to be ready then.
(Washu) Also, I have discovered that Chad has some of the same powers as
Ryoko does.  The only person who could give him those was Kagato and we all
know that Tenchi had killed him.
(Kashuhito) Yes.

Back at the house…
(Tenchi) Hey Chad.
(Chad) Oh hi.  I never got to tell ya but congrats on getting a girl like
Ryoko.
(Tenchi) Thanks.  I'm surprised you aren't mad at me about that.
(Chad) Well I cant remember so I cant be mad.
(Tenchi) True.
(Chad) Hey Tenchi, was I a good fighter?
(Tenchi) one of the best.  I could never beat you.

Chad then went for a walk around the shrine.

(Chad) Why cant  I remember anything?  If only I could remember something.
[Chad then formed an energy blade and threw it into the sky.]
(Washu) What's troubling you Chad?
(Chad) Huh? Oh hi.  Nothing.  Its just I'm kinda mad about some things.
(Washu) Don't worry Chad.  We will find out what happened to you.  That is a
promise.
(Chad) Thanks.  [Washu hugs Chad and they start to walk back to the house]
(Washu) Chad, can you follow me please.
(Chad) Sure. [Washu led him to the lab.  She put her hand into sub-space and
pulled out a tiny while pill.]
(Washu) Take this.  I think it will help your memory loss. [Chad took the
pill]  Do you feel anything?
(Chad) I think I'm getting my memory back.  I can remember these people
using
me to kill.  I have caused so much suffering.
(Washu) IT was not your fault.  Don't you ever think it was ok?  Now, can
you
tell me who was their leader?
(Chad grabbing his head) I don't know.
(Washu patting him on the back) Its ok.  Lets get you to your bed.  [Washu
helps Chad to his bed and she leaves]
(Washu) Whoever did this will pay.

After an hour…
(Sasami screaming) Everybody time for dinner.
(Washu) Shush.  Chad isn't felling well so he is trying to sleep.
(Sasami) Oh sorry.  Can you go around and get everybody for dinner then?
(Washu) sure. [she leaves and comes back with everybody behind her.  Dinner
passes and Sasami is about to bring up Chad's food when she is stopped.]
(Washu) Sasami, we should leave him for now.  He needs to be alone.
(Sasami) okay.

The rest of the night was spent with mostly everybody in front of the TV. No
one would expect what would be coming their way tomorrow.

The next morning, Chad had awaken early to go sit on the roof.  He sat there
thinking about why he cant remember and what is it he cant remember.  Washu
walked up behind him and sat next to him.

(Washu) Are you feeling any better?
(Chad) A little bit.
(Washu) Well that's good.  Come on.  Sasami cooked us breakfast and you
didn't eat last night.
(Chad) Okay.  [Washu got up and held out a hand for Chad.  He took it and
got
up.  When he got up he started to float away because he could fly.  Washu
just tugged on his arm and he came down.  They then went to go eat.]

Later that day, Chad went to the fields where he sat and watched the sky
pass
by.  It was getting late so Chad decided to go inside until he felt a slight
rumble.  He looked up and there was a dark dot flying above him.  The dot
kept getting closer and larger.  It was then that Chad saw it was a
spaceship.  At that moment the whole family ran outside to join Chad.  The
spaceship landed and the unthinkable happened.

(Ryoko) IT cant be…
(Tenchi) its…
(Washu) Kagato!!!

Kagoto walked onto the field.  Tenchi and Ryoko activated their swords while
Chad was standing there stunned.

(Ryoko) What do you want from us Kagoto?
(Kagoto) It is not you who I want but my experiment. [he pointed to Chad]
(Washu) So you did that to him.
(Ryoko) Prepare to die!!!!!!!! [Ryoko and Tenchi ran up and took a swing at
Kagoto.  He blocked it with his sword and they engaged in battle.  HE fired
at shot at Tenchi but it missed and hit Chad.
(Chad) AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!
(Ayeka) Azaka, Kamidake! Get Chad out of here!
(Azaka and Kamidake) Right. [they picked up Chad and flew off while the
battle still continued]
(Ryoko) Die!!!!!!!!!
(Kagoto) I think you shall die before me. [they engaged in a more heated
battle]

The battle was going on while Kagoto teleported Tenchi Ryoko and himself on
Sojo and left into space.  Washu, Sasami, Ayeka, Mihoshi, and Kiyone ran
back
to the house to first check up on Chad and then trace where they went.

(Ayeka) Chad, are you alright?
(Chad) I'm fine.  Where is Ryoko and Tenchi?
(Washu) He took them into space.  We cant seem to find them.
(Chad) Ryo-oki! Turn into your spaceship mode and help me!
(Ryo-oki) MYAH!!!!!!!!!!! [she turned into the spaceship and teleported Chad
on board]
(Washu) Chad, you cant go.  Your to weak.
(Chad) Well I might be that but I'm not going to let those two die.  Don't
worry.  Ill come back. [Ryo-oki flew off as the remaining girls were
crying.]

Ryo-oki found Sojo and both of them boarded it.  Within a matter of minutes,
Chad found where the battle was and ran up to Ryoko and Tenchi.

(Ryoko) Chad. What are you doing here. You cant fight.
(Chad) Let me be the judge of that.  This is my battle and I'm going to
finish it.  Tenchi, get Ryoko out of here NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!
(Tenchi) But we cant leave you….
(Chad) NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Tenchi grabbed Ryoko's hand and they left.
Ryoko kept resisting and crying because she didn't want to leave Chad.
(Tenchi) Ryoko, we got to get out of here.
(Ryoko crying) But what about Chad?
(Tenchi) He will win this fight. [they left]

while back in the other room…
(Kagoto) Well, it seems my experiment has come back to challenge me?
(Chad) Is that what you think I am?  Just an experiment?  Well, lets see you
beat me. [Chad activated two swords and began to fight.  Neither one could
surpass each other.]
(Kagoto) You will die now you experiment.
(Chad) My name is CHAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

When Ryoko and Tenchi returned home, all they could do is hope for the best.
After another grueling hour, Sojo was going to explode.  Chad and Kagoto
both
cut each other with their swords.  IT was then that Chad took one final
swing
and striked kagoto in his black heart.  Sojo then blew up.

(Washu) NOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
(Ryoko) What is it?
(Washu) Sojo blew up.  I don't think Chad got out. [everyone broke down into
tears.]
(Mihoshi) What's that little spark on the computer screen? [everyone looked
at the comp screen to see a little escape pod flying down from space.] al of
them quickly ran out to go see who it was in it.
(Ryoko) Tenchi, it might be Kagoto so be prepared.
(Tenchi) Right.

They ran up to the crash site to see nothing came out of the pod yet.  Ryoko
ripped off the door and pulled out a very bloody body, they then saw the
golden hair and knew that it was Chad.  Ryoko quickly picked him up and
carried him to he lab where he needed medical assistance immediately.  Washu
and Kiyone quickly got to work as everybody else waited impatiently.  After
about 2 hours, Kiyone and Washu finally emerged.

(Ryoko) IS HE GOING TO BE OKAY?
(Washu) Yes, he is just resting now.  He will be just fine.
(Sasami) Can we go see him?
(Washu) Of coarse follow me!
[they all followed her into the lab and to where Chad was sleeping with
medical tools next to him and a broken arm]
Chad was sleeping with many bruises and scars on him.  Sasami had to turn
away.

(Ryoko) I cant believe we let this happen to him!
(Tenchi) This not our fault Ryoko.  Chad wanted revenge by himself and he
got
it.  We were helping him.
(Ayeka) I hope he will recover soon.  I do not want to see such a young boy
be hurt just because he came to live with us.
(Washu) He will be fine Ayeka.  Lets go get some food now to take our minds
off things. [They left.]

The next two days seemed like an eternity for everyone.  It was early Friday
morning.  IT was Ryoko's turn to watch Chad and make sure nothing bad
happened to him.  That day, Chad had awaken and was immediately embraced by
Ryoko.

(Ryoko) Your Up!!!!!!! I'm so sorry for leaving you up on Soja.
(Chad) Ryoko?
(Ryoko) You know my name.  You can remember now.
(Chad crying) Hi Ryoko.
(Ryoko remembering that he can remember) I'm so sorry.
(Chad) Don't be.  I mean I was sorry but you shouldn't be.
(Ryoko) I'm so glad you're awake.
(Chad) My head hurts.

They got up and went into the living room where Chad was tackled by all the
other girls.

(Ryoko) Good news everybody.  Chad got his memory back.
(Chad) That's funny, I don't remember ever being tackled. [everyone laughed
as Chad got back to his feet.]
(Ryoko) Were so glad you are ok.
(everybody else) Us too.

The day was spent with Chad resting and almost everybody attending to his
needs.  That night, after dinner, Chad went onto the roof to see Ryoko
sitting there like she normally did.

(Chad) Hi Ryoko.
(Ryoko) Oh hi Chad.  Would you like to sit?
(Chad) Sure. [he sat]  So I guess you and Tenchi got married huh?
(Ryoko) I'm so sorry for never telling you who i truly loved.
(Chad) No its ok.  I want to thank you.  I want to thank you for everything
that you did for me.  I'm glad you married who you loved. [Ryoko placed her
head on Chad's shoulder.  Chad pulled out the ring he was going to give her]
(Ryoko) What's that?
(Chad) Oh this?  This was the ring I was going to give you.  It was my
mothers ring.  It was the only thing I had on Sojo.
(Ryoko) oh. [Chad put the ring away]
(Chad) Well, I guess ill have to wait until I find another girl as perfect
as
you are.
(Ryoko almost crying) I hope you do find her.
(Chad) So do I.  Um Ryoko, did we ever get those pictures developed?
(Ryoko) I don't think so.
(Chad) Do you want me to give you the film since your married now?
(Ryoko) Tell you what. You keep the photos.  I want you to have them.  It
will be our little secret.
(Chad) Thanks.  Ryoko, I was wondering.  did you ever like me as a
boyfriend?

[Ryoko had already fallen asleep so he hugged her and he sat there until
they
both fell asleep]
