Disclaimer: All the people and most of the ideas here belong to AIC and 
Pioneer.  The rest of the ideas are mine.  Blah, blah, blah, don't sue 
me.

Please send any opinions, good or bad, to me at 
lighthawkwings@masakishrine.com
This story takes place in the OAV universe.

Thanks to Literary Eagle, and Brook "the Total Anime Nut" Kuhn for all 
their help with the earlier chapters and for all their support.  Thanks
goes out to Bobert, Veggitto, and all the others who urged me on.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                           The Dark Juraian
                              Chapter 5
				    Bond of Blood


	"Hey Yumi!" Ryoko grumbled as she rapped on Yumi's door.  "It's
breakfast time.  C'mon.  Get a move on, we're starving!"
	"I'm sorry." Ryoko heard Yumi say very weakly through the door.
Yumi slid open the door, and Ryoko fell back in alarm.
	Yumi leaned heavily upon the door frame.  Her skin was ashen 
and her eyes glassed over.  She looked as if she was about to collapse.
	"Oh my god, Yumi.  Are you alright?"
	"I'm fine Ryoko."
	"Ryoko.  Yumi." Ayeka said as she crested the stairs.  
"Breakfast is getting cold.  Oh my!  What's wrong with Yumi?"
	"Nothing, I'm fine." Yumi insisted as she tried to move past 
Ryoko.  Ryoko pushed her back, as easy as pushing a piece of paper.
	"Whatever you are, 'fine' is not it." Ryoko said as she led 
Yumi back to her bed.
	"Yes, Yumi.  You look awful.  You just rest.  I'll get Washu to
look at you."
	"But I have work to do."
	"Nonsense.  Ryoko and I will do you chores, won't we Ryoko?"
	"Sure.  It'll be just like the old days." Ryoko smiled 
wickedly, as she phased out.  
	"Ugh, why do I have a bad feeling about this." Ayeka groaned as 
she left.  "Now you stay in bed." She said in a motherly tone, as she 
slid the door shut.

	Ryoko scrubbed furiously at the floor, while Ayeka washed the
railing as hard as she could.
	"Really." Ayeka gasped.  "I don't remember the work being so 
hard."
	"Or Katsuhito being so picky.  Leave that Yumi to raise the bar 
for the rest of us."
	"Ryoko!" Katsuhito snapped.
	"Yes, Grandfather?" Ryoko asked nervously.
	"You've done an excellent job with the floors."
	"Thank you, Grandfather."
	"Now go sweep the steps."
	Ryoko signed and mumbled something unintelligible as she walked 
off.
	"Ayeka.  I have an important job for you."
	"Yes, brother?"
	"Get Ayechi to stop crying.  I've tried everything."

	"Senile old man." Ryoko grumbled as she swept the floors. 
"Why's he being so damn hard on us.  He's probably just doing it for 
kicks, just to bug us.  I wouldn't put it past him.  Alright!  Who's 
there!"
	A shadow stepped out of the woods.
	"Sorry.  Didn't mean to startle you." The man stepped into the 
light revealing his features.  He had piercing eyes, like those of a  
hawk, and a bumpy nose that was obviously broken and not set correctly. 
His face was framed by a fierce mane of black hair.  "This is the 
Masaki Shrine, is it not?"
	"Yes it is.  Are you here to pay respects to the shrine?  Or to 
the new prince of Jurai?" She added with a sly smile.
	"How did you know?" He asked surprised.
	"You Juraians are easy to spot." She said, gesturing to his 
outfit.  He wore a long black mantle, the fact that it was open in 
front spoke of a high rank in Juraian society.  Beneath it, he wore 
deep gray robes.  On his right hand, he wore a long, black, falconers 
glove.
	"I suppose we are." He chuckled.  "So, where is the young 
prince?"
	"Up at the shrine.  Princess Ayeka should be on the shrine 
grounds.  She'll take you to her son."
	"Thank you, m'lady." He bowed as he walked up the stairs.
	"Hey!  I just cleaned those!"

	"See, he was just hungry." Ayeka smiled as she held the spoon 
out to Ayechi.  She paused for a moment, glancing around nervously and
inadvertently moving the spoon away from Ayechi's mouth, much to his
disappointment.
	"Is something wrong, Ayeka?" Katsuhito asked, as he placed the 
tea tray down on the table and began to pour.  Meanwhile Ayechi 
strained to reach the spoon, with the precious food upon it.
	"I think so, but I don't know what.  Something just feels 
wrong." She said as she finally moved the food close enough for Ayechi 
to eat.
	Katsuhito started to get the feeling that something was wrong 
too.  Just then, he noticed the shadow of a man standing outside of the 
office.
	"Ayeka!  Watch out!" He cried as he threw himself in front of 
Ayeka, moments before reality itself seemed to be torn apart.

	"How are you doing Yumi?" Sasami smiled as she walked into the 
room, a tray laden with food in her arms.  "Are ya feelin' any better?"
	"A little." Yumi managed to smile.
	"This is really quite strange." Washu muttered from her side,
screens hanging over the bed.  "Your energy is dissipating.  It's as if
it's attempting to counter something, and getting obliterated by the
counter flow.  But I'm not detecting any other forms of energy."
	"Really.  You go to too much trouble over...over..." Yumi 
trailed off as she shut her eyes in pain.
	"Yumi!" Sasami hurried to her side.
	And then she saw it.
	Saw a skeletal hand take Ayechi.  Saw death and destruction 
sweep across the galaxy like a wave across the sand.
	"Sasami!  What do you see?" Washu asked.
	The tray dropped from her hands, spilling searing hot soup onto 
her robes.  Sasami didn't seem to notice as she bolted from the room.
	"Tenchi!"

	Ryoko's head snapped up at the sound of ripping wood.  Trouble!
She teleported to the shrine and gasped at what she saw.
	The office was ruined, the whole front side ripped open as if 
by some giant claw.
	"Ayeka!  Grandfather!" Ryoko cried as she knocked the debris 
away.  Katsuhito lay across the floor slumped protectively over Ayeka's 
equally prone body.  A huge, deep, slash ran across his chest, the 
blood that flowed from it a hideous black.  Below him Ayeka moaned, the 
slash continued on her cheek and leg, although not nearly as severe.
	Ryoko carefully lifted Katsuhito off of Ayeka, and placed him 
gently on his back, being careful not to disturb the dreadful wound.
	"Ayechi..." She moaned.
	Ryoko looked around, as desperation set in.
	"No..." Ayeka moaned.  "Don't take...my baby..."
	Ayechi was nowhere in sight.
	Ryoko growled as she zoomed out of the shrine.

	"I believe you have something that doesn't belong to you."
Ryoko hissed as she dropped in behind the blacked cloaked Juraian.  A 
muted wailing filled the air.
	The man turned slowly.  Clutched under his left arm was the
struggling Ayechi.
	"Unhand him!" Ryoko seethed.
	"Why don't you come and get him." He smiled.
	"With pleasure."  Ryoko charged, forward one fist raised to 
smash this intruder's skull in.
	The Juraian merely yawned as darkness swirled around his glove. 
Ryoko's eyes widened and she dove just in time to dodge the blast of 
dark energy.
	"Who are you?" Ryoko asked as she picked herself off the 
ground.  Never before had she seen this kind of energy manipulation.  
What was that black energy he was drawing?  Whatever it was, he threw 
it like there was no limit.
	"Ohtsuka!" Tenchi roared as he leapt onto the path, Tenchi-ken
lighting up in his hands.  Behind him stood Washu, Sasami, Mihoshi, and 
a very weak Yumi.
	"Ah, so the dog has returned." Ohtsuka laughed.  "What do you 
think of my new robes?"
	"Good robes to be buried in." Ryoko whispered.
	"Black is the forbidden color." Sasami said angrily.
	"Give me back my son!" Tenchi cried.
	"Lord Ohtsuka Akada, I, first class detective Mihoshi, hereby 
arrest you on the charge of kidnapping royalty and violating 
non-aggression laws on a protected planet.  Surrender yourself now, or 
face the consequences."
	"Stop it brother!" Yumi said, finding more strength.
	"What have you done to your sister?" Washu asked softly.
	"Finally, somebody with something important to say.  Well, 
Washu, you might not know this, but I spent a couple semesters at the 
Academy.  My thesis was on counter-energy."
	"Counter-energy?!" Washu said in alarm.  "You mean..."
	"Yes.  The energy created by the use of Juraian energies.  It's
counterpart."
	"But nobody has ever been able to harness counter energy 
before."
	"Well it wasn't an easy process.  It cost me.  Allow me to 
show you." Ohtsuka carefully removed his glove.  Beneath it was a 
withered, black, skeletal claw.  Sweat began to pour down Tenchi and 
Sasami's faces, as Yumi's face lit up in pain.  "What's the matter?" He 
laughed.  "Does this make you feel uncomfortable."
	"I can manage." Tenchi growled as he leapt into the air.  
Ohtsuka leapt similarly, and the two clashed in the sky.  Tenchi's blue 
blade was met by Ohtsuka's black claw.  They both landed unscathed.
	"You've grown lax, Tenchi.  Do you think you can still beat 
me?"
	"I don't have a choice."
	"Very well, then try this on for size.  Ohtsuka gestured with 
his hand and five black lines shot out.  Tenchi leapt to the side, as 
the razor sharp beams shredded the tree behind him.  The tree withered 
into a skeleton of it's former self.
	"Ohtsuka, stop it!" Yumi yelled as she flew towards him, 
slamming an energy fist into him.  Ohtsuka caught it with a laugh, as 
black energy countered hers.
	"Ah, just who I wanted to see." Ohtsuka sneered as he lifted 
his sister off the ground, with his clawed hand.
	"Let Yumi go!" Sasami cried.
	"Sasami!  No!" Washu tried to restrain Sasami, but was too late 
as Sasami charged forward in a similar fashion.  Again Ohtsuka blocked 
it, but Sasami's energy's ripped through his and sent him flying.  Yumi 
fell into a lump in the dirt.
	"Impossible!" He exclaimed as he twisted in the air, landing on 
his feet, Ayechi still secure in his arms.  "No mere child could have 
that much energy.  Unless...Well it does not matter.  You just 
forfeited your life, little princess." He thrust his hand forward and 
the black energy shot towards her.
	"Tenchi!  Ayeka!  Help!" Sasami cried as she shielded her eyes 
from the incoming blast.
	It never came.
	Sasami looked up to see Azaka and Kamidake standing above her.
	"I'm sorry, but we cannot allow any harm to come to the 
Princess Sasami."
	"You think you can stop me?"
	"Now Mihoshi!  Ryoko!" Washu ordered.  Simultaneously, the 
three opened fire on the black-robed Juraian, each from a different 
side.  Ohtsuka managed to dodge Washu's blast, but took a shot in the 
back by Mihoshi, knocking him to the ground.  Ayechi fell out of his 
hands.
	"Ayechi!" Tenchi raced for his son.
	"Tenchi!  Watch out!" Ryoko cried as she lunged forward, 
knocking Tenchi away moments before Ohtsuka's razor beams shot by, 
withering another tree.  When Tenchi looked up, Ohtsuka had reclaimed 
Ayechi.  Tenchi and Ryoko leapt to their feet, and Washu and the others 
came around, surrounding Ohtsuka.
	"Give me my child!" Tenchi screamed.
	"This is hardly a fair fight.  You have superior numbers, home 
turf advantage, and I have my hands full with this.  No, I don't think 
I want to play anymore." He paused for an instant, and in the silence, 
everybody heard a car motor.  "And here comes my ride." He smiled as he 
literally sank into the shadows.  Tenchi and the girls spun around, and 
placed their backs to each other, scanning the area for his presence.  
Kamidake and Azaka dropped a protective shield around Sasami.
	"Is he still here?" Mihoshi asked nervously.
	"Yes." Sasami whispered.

	Masami tore out of his car and into the house.
	"Tenchi!  Sasami!  Everybody!  You'll never believe it! 
Hello?"  A quick scan of the house proved that nobody was there.
	Curiously, he jogged down the path towards the shrine.  Soon 
Tenchi and the others came into sight.
	"There you guys are!  I've got some great news." Masami 
frowned.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Yumi, and Mihoshi were facing out of a 
tight circle, ready for battle.  Off to one side, Azaka and Kamidake 
stood aside Sasami, scanning the area.  "Um, what's going on."
	"Masami." Tenchi said warningly.
	"Masami." Washu said slowly, "Go back to your car, and drive 
away, as fast as you can."
	"But what's-"
	"Just do it."
	Masami gulped, and turned to go back.
	And looked directly into a face he only saw once, but knew very 
well.
	Ohtsuka stood right before him.  His hair and eyes were black 
now, but the intense gaze of hatred was the same.  His nose was still 
broken from when Masami smashed it.
	"Greetings, worm." He hissed.
	"Miya!" Masami inadvertently yelped in alarm, as Ohtsuka 
grabbed him with a skeletal arm, his razor sharp fingernails poised at 
Masami's throat.
	"Now.  You'll do exactly what I say, or the worm gets the 
hook."
	"You bastard!" Tenchi growled.
	"Shut up, dog."
	"Please." Yumi said calmly.  "He has nothing to do with this.  
Let him go."
	"I'll let him go.  In exchange for one thing."
	"Name it."
	"You."
	"What?"
	"You in exchange for him, dear sister.  Come with me now, or 
the boy dies."
	"Don't do it Yumi!" Masami yelled.
	"I have to." She sighed, a tear rolling down her cheek as she 
walked to her brother.  "I cannot let you suffer for the evils of my 
blood.  Let him go."
	"Alright." Ohtsuka shoved Masami into Tenchi, and switched his
deadly grip to Yumi's throat.  "Now if you'll excuse us." He growled as 
Yumi screamed in pain, black energy coursing over her body.  "I have a 
ship to catch."
	"Let Yumi go!" Masami yelled.  He tried to rush forward but 
Tenchi held him back.
	"Masami, I'm so sorry." She cried.  "Thank you for everything 
you've done for me.  You showed me what it was to be an Earthling.  
Thanks to you, I will die absolved of my sin." A subspace portal 
appeared above them and Yumi's ship, the Ryo-kai, slowly drifted out.
	"Tenchi." Washu cried from her laptop.  "He can't kill Yumi!  
Not only is he drawing his energy from her, he also can't control the 
ship without her."
	Tenchi raced forward, Tenchiken lighting up in his hand.  Just 
then the red beam shot from the Ryo-kai, and Ohtsuka and his prisoners 
began to fade.
	"Too late, dog." He laughed as he disappeared.
	"Yumi!" Masami cried as he raced towards her fading image.
	"Good-bye Masami.  I...I love you." She sobbed as she faded 
from sight.
	Yumi!" Masami dropped to his knees.
	"Damn it!" Tenchi sword, throwing the master key to the ground 
in frustration.
	"I love you too...Yumi." Masami whispered.
	"We've got to go after them." A troublesome thought dawned on 
Tenchi and sent fear down his spine.  "Where is Ayeka?!" He asked 
desperately.
	"She's back at the shrine!" Ryoko said, suddenly remembering 
the horrible scene.  "She didn't look that badly hurt, but Grandfather 
is!"
	"Grandfather!" Tenchi cried as he raced up the stairs.

	Tenchi crested the steps to find Ayeka crying over Katsuhito's
body.
	"Grandfather!"  Tenchi raced to Ayeka's side.  "Is he..."
	"No.  He is alive.  But barely.  The darkness flows through his 
body like a poison.  Tenchi...I don't think he's going to make it."
	"Tenchi..." Katsuhito coughed.
	"Grandfather!  Don't speak.  Washu will be here soon."
	"It's too late, Tenchi.  I'm not long for this world."
	"Please.  Don't say that." Ayeka cried.
	"Do not cry for me, Ayeka.  I told you that I wished to be 
buried here.  I am not afraid of death.
	"Tenchi, you walk a narrow path.  Unfortunately, your gentle 
spirit is once again called into battle.  I am afraid mercy will not be 
an option.  Accept what you must do, but do not become it.  Do it 
because it must be done.  I am sorry that you must do this, but there 
is no other way.  Remember your training, and good luck." Katsuhito 
closed his eyes, and his was still.
	"Grandfather!  Wake up!  Wake up, Grandfather!  Grandfather!"
Tenchi said repeatedly as he shook the dead priest.  He couldn't be 
dead.  Tenchi couldn't even dream of a life without his comforting 
presence, his words of advice, his insistence on Tenchi trying his 
hardest and not giving up.
	"Tenchi..." Ayeka said calmly, her princess skills hiding her
emotions, as she placed a hand on his shoulder.  "He is at peace now.  
He couldn't have lived a happier life." Her voice was warm and 
reassuring.  Only her eyes, and the tears that flowed from them, 
revealed her true feelings.  Only her eyes revealed the pain she felt, 
in seeing her life long companion, her brother, her first-love, her 
teacher, her guardian, the one she had always been able to run to, to 
feel safe, lying dead on the ground.
	Ryoko and the others came running in, only to stop solemnly at 
the door.  Sasami burst into tears and ran to Katsuhito's body.  Ayeka 
pulled her little sister into her arms and held her tight.
	"Ayeka." Washu said, daring to violate the silence.  "We must 
treat those wounds and purge the poison."
	Ayeka sighed as she detached herself from the crying Sasami and
solemnly walked over to Washu.  Data ran across her laptop and a 
syringe appeared before her.
	"Now just relax, this shouldn't hurt too much."
	"Ahh!" Ayeka screamed, leaping to her feet, as Washu plunged 
the syringe into her arm.
	"Oops.  Forgot how sensitive you princess-types are." Washu
sweat dropped.  "This salve should heal those cuts up pretty fast."
	Tenchi, stood, his knuckles white around Tenchi-ken.
	"We have to stop Ohtsuka." He said coldly.  "Washu.  He talked 
to you about something called counter-energy.  Tell me.  What is it?"
	"Well, it's rather complicated, but I think I can give you the 
gist of it.
	"For every action there is an equal but opposite
counter-action.  This applies to energy manipulation too.  For all the 
energy manipulation that Juraian's use, a counter flow has built up.  
And Ohtsuka has found a way to tap into it.  But I have no idea how."
	"The Bond of Blood." Ayeka said coldly.
	"What?"
	"The Bond of Blood.  A sacred oath that all Juraian's make with
their brothers and sisters."  Ayeka went into a monotone voice.

	"Blood to blood, and tree to tree,
	The fate befallen to you is befallen to me.
	All that is me is at your dispose,
	I'll be your sword to vanquish your foes.
	We are one, seen as two in this simple world,
	Traveling the same path on the mortal coil."

	"And you think Ohtsuka used this bond?"
	"No.  I know he did." Ayeka's face was full of hatred and 
disgust.  "He has taken one of the most sacred acts of Juraian culture 
and twisted it for his own foul purposes."
	"What is the Bond of Blood?" Tenchi asked.
	"As I said it is a sacred oath.  I share it with Sasami, and I 
share it with...shared it...with..." Ayeka almost broke down crying.  
She forced it back and continued.  "With it, in the most dire times, we 
can call forth the strength of our bonded, and add it to our own.  It 
is rarely used."
	"So we just destroy the bond, and Yumi goes free." Ryoko said.
	"The bond can only be destroyed through death."
	"So we just destroy the bond, and Yumi goes free." Ryoko said, 
fire flashing in her eyes.
	"Before we can do anything we need to know what he's up to." 
Tenchi said trying to think.
	"Seemed to me like he wanted revenge."
	"Then why did he leave?"
	"Well, now.  Let's find out." Washu said, her hands dancing 
across her keyboard.  A 3D star map appeared in front of her.  "By 
calculating his speed and direction, as well as taking into account 
various obstacles and barriers that are in his way, his most likely 
destination is..." A super deformed Ohtsuka appeared.  Several times 
the map flashed, each time zooming in closer and closer, until it was 
only of one star system.
	"Jurai!" Ayeka gasped.
	"So that's his plan." Washu growled.
	"But he'll never make it past the perimeter defense.  When he 
fails to ID himself they'll destroy him."
	"I wouldn't count on it.  He's had a whole year to plan this 
out."
	"We're wasting time.  We have to stop him.  Now!"
	"Right." Tenchi nodded, a fiery look on his face.  "Let's go."

	They found Masami standing in the very same spot he was when 
Ohtsuka left.  He turned as he heard their feet grinding the dirt.
	"I'm coming too." He said sternly.
	"Don't be ridiculous." Ryoko growled.  "You have no fighting
experience, no shields, no endurance, no powers.  You don't stand a
chance."
	"I'll manage.  I'm coming.  It's my fault that Yumi's in this
position."
	"It's Ohtsuka's fau-" Tenchi started when Masami cut him off
with a cold glare.
	"Furthermore, I can't sit idly by, when someone I love is in
danger.  How would you feel if you had to sit back while others
rescued Ayechi, Tenchi?  Ayeka?  Ryoko?"  All of them averted their
eyes.  "That's what I thought.  I'm coming too."
	"We'll see what we can do." Washu said, deep in thought.

	Moments later, the Ryo-ouki, the Ryu-oh, and the Yukinojo, hung
effortlessly in the air.
	"Alright.  Here's the plan." Tenchi said firmly.  "Ryoko, you 
take Ayeka and Sasami in the Ryo-ohki and flank the Ryu-Kai's port.  
Mihoshi, you take Masami and Washu in the Yukinojo and flank the
starboard.  I'll cut it off with the Ryu-oh.  I'll try to use the Light
Hawk Wings to break through the Ryu-Kai's defenses, and let your teams
in.  Once in, quickly make your way to the core.  That's where they'll
be.  I'll try to follow as soon as I can.  Ryoko's team will try to
rescue Ayechi, while Mihoshi's team will liberate Yumi.  Either rescue
should be enough to spoil his plans, so be careful, he may try to kill
the other."
	"Tenchi," Ayeka said fearfully.  "You'll be all alone against 
the Ryu-Kai, and the Ryu-oh defenses aren't fully formed yet.  And with 
the Light Hawk Wings used to attack, you'll be very vulnerable."
	"It's our only hope.  I'm the only one who can manipulate the
Light Hawk Wings properly.  If anything goes wrong, they might rip the
Ryu-Kai to pieces instead.  Is everybody ready."
	"I was born ready." Ryoko grinned evilly.
	"I am prepared." Ayeka bowed.
	"Don't worry.  We'll save Ayechi and Yumi." Sasami smiled.
	"Danger is my business." Mihoshi saluted.
	"Affirmative, Tenchi." Washu said.
	"My first adventure." Masami smiled weakly.
	"Azaka!  Kamidake!" Tenchi called out.  "Prepare the Ryu-oh!
We're leaving."

	"Masami." Washu said, drawing Masami's attention from the
voids of space.  "Take this." She pinned a bright red crab to his
jacket.
	"What's this."
	"It's a force field generator.  You're now protected by a thin
layer of energy completely surrounding your body."
	"Cool." He said, although he clearly didn't mean it.
	"Now Masami.  Don't get the idea that you're invincible now.
It can only withstand a low level of energy, so don't do anything
stupid."
	"Oh, that reminds me."  Mihoshi said.  "Take this."  She 
offered her gun to Masami.  "Just remember, there's a strong recoil,
so hold on tight, and if you fire to much, this red light will flash,
that means you've overheated the ultra energy battery, and you need to
let it cool."
	"Um, thanks, but what will you use."
	In response, Mihoshi flipped her cube, and after hitting 
Masami with a folder of papers, a teddy bear, and a cup of coffee ("Oh,
that's where I put that.  I've been looking for that for two years.")
she finally materialized a large white bazooka like gun.
	"I see." Masami said wide eyed.  All doubts Masami had about
Mihoshi's battle experience were erased as she systematically, cleaned,
checked, and loaded her cannon.
	"We won't catch up with Ohtsuka until the borders of Jurai.  So
we have some time to kill.  Anyone up for some poker!" Washu smiled
wickedly.

	Tenchi sat, as still as a statue, his eyes locked on the star 
map, and the four trails that all led towards Jurai.  He watched as the
three green blips slowly advanced on the red one.  Tenchiken hovered
before him, giving him complete control of the ship.
	Azaka and Kamidake stood behind him.
	"Estimated time until interception is 5.039 hours." Kamidake
said.
	"Would you like some tea while you wait?"
	"No, no thanks."

	"Ayeka." Ryoko said softly, so that Sasami wouldn't hear.  
Her eyes still lay on the star maps in front of her.
	"Yes Ryoko." Ayeka said surprised by the seriousness in her
voice.  
	"When we storm the Ryu-Kai, don't worry about Ohtsuka.  I'll
handle him."
	"What?  He's too strong."
	"Ayeka." Ryoko said, her eyes still watching the stars, as she 
navigated the asteroid field.  "Listen to me.  Tenchi can't fight 
Ohtsuka.  You heard what Grandfather said.  Either he'll lose, or he'll 
be lost to us.  I will fight Ohtsuka."
	"He very well might destroy you."
	"That's a price I'm willing to pay.  And if you do rescue 
Ayechi and Yumi, I want you to take the others and flee, as fast as
you can."
	"And I suppose you'll stay to hold back Ohtsuka." Ayeka said
angrily as she stood up to confront Ryoko, her hands in tight fists.
	"If I haven't killed him yet.  Somebody needs to stay behind to
make sure he doesn't try anything.  If I can, I'll escape.  If I can't
I'll blow the whole place up, so don't waste anytime."
	"Now, I've had just about enough of this bravado.  If you
think-" Ayeka cut herself off as Ryoko finally turned to face her.
Golden fire raged in the space pirates eyes.
	"Don't you get it?!  This isn't about me.  This is about
Tenchi!  I am willing to sacrifice my life for you, for Ayechi...and
for Tenchi.  He is everything!  I am nothing." Tears filled Ryoko's
golden eyes and she dropped Ayeka and turned away.
	"I am nothing." echoed in Ayeka's ears.
	"Ryoko...I won't get in the way."

	"Read 'em and weep." Washu smiled.  "Four queens." She showed
her hand, revealing the ten of hearts, Ayeka dressed up in a glimmering 
dress as the Queen of Diamonds, Sasami reading one of Nobuyuki's 
manga's as the Queen of Hearts, Yumi working the fields as Queen of 
Spades, and Ryoko, dressed as a cave woman, hoisting a club, as the 
Queen of Clubs.
	"Um, Washu?" Mihoshi asked.
	"Don't say it!" Washu groaned.  Mihoshi flipped around the 
cards revealing Tenchi in a tuxedo for Diamonds, holding a rose for 
Hearts, dressed as a cave man for Clubs, and working in the fields for 
Spades, and a three of clubs.
	"Argh!  She beat me again!"
	"That's four thousand galactic credits you owe Mihoshi." 
Yukinojo piped in.
	"I know!" Washu groaned.
	"Um, excuse me crew, but we are now coming into range of the
Ryu-Kai.  I suggest you buckle up."

	The three ships hung just out of rang of the Ryu-Kai's weapons.
The Ryu-Kai was a fully grown Juraian battle ship, and combined with 
pieces Ohtsuka had salvaged from his old ship, it dwarfed the Ryu-oh, 
which had not nearly grown to its full size yet, along with the 
Ryo-ohki, and the Yukinojo.
	"Is everybody ready?"
	"You bet." Ryoko growled.
	"Yup." Mihoshi smiled.
	"Than lets go.  Azaka! Kamidake!  Full power forward.  Take us
into the Ryu-Kai's flight path."
	"Sir, if we attempt to enter the flight path of the Ryu-Kai,
we will take heavy fire power.  With so much power diverted to
acceleration, we will not be able to shield ourselves properly."
	"Let me handle that."

	Ryoko watched as the Ryu-Oh darted ahead.
	"Alright, Mihoshi.  Begin now!"
	The two ships flew in drawing closer.  The guns of the Ryu-Kai
appeared, and began to open fire.  The Ryo-ohki and the Yukinojo were
under heavy fire, but the Ryu-oh was targeted by more guns than the
other two combined.
	"He's opened the Wings of the Light Hawk.  He should be safe
for now." Ayeka sighed.
	"Better off than we are." Ryoko growled as they took a shot.
"Ryo-ohki, boost the port shields by 30%.  Mihoshi!  How are you 
holding up?"
	Mihoshi's wailing blasted over the intercom, as she darted
in and out of the laser fire.
	"We have received only slight surface damage, due to Mihoshi's
evasive maneuvers." Yukinojo reported.
	"We're holding up here too, but we can't get any closer.  We
need to take out some of those guns.  Mihoshi.  I'm gonna make a
sweeping pass to draw the fire, when I do, fire a couple torpedoes into 
the central cluster of guns.  That should ease the pressure off of us
a little."
	"Roger!  Detective Mihoshi is on her way!"
	As Ryoko pulled the Ryo-ohki passed the hull of the Ryu-Kai,
the controls slipped.  and she was tossed to the side.
	"Ayeka!  Was the balancer hit?" Ryoko turned to see Ayeka
pouring a saucer of sake to the main computer unit of the Ryo-ohki.
	"What the hell do you think you are doing, getting my ship
drunk?" Ryoko fumed.
	"We haven't gotten hit yet, have we?" Ayeka smiled.
	"Well...no, we haven't." Ryoko stared in amazement, as the
Ryo-ohki managed to stagger between every shot.
	Ohtsuka must have realized the trick at the last minute, for
his turrets turned to open fire on Mihoshi's missiles.  One got taken
down, but the other one made contact, burning out a cluster of guns.
	"Alright!" Ryoko cheered.  "What a rush!"

	Meanwhile, the Ryu-Oh had reached it's target location.  Tenchi
sweated, as he prepared to begin the delicate maneuver of the Wings.
	"Azaka!  Kamidake!  Divert all power to the shields.  Drain as
much power as you can from the unused quarters and cut down any
unnecessary functions."
	"Yes sir." They replied.  They cut the power to the lighting,
dropping the ship into almost complete darkness, save for the glow of
the data screens, and the warm light coming from Tenchiken.
	With only one wing left on defense, occasionally shots would
get through, shaking the ship as they crashed into it's second line of
defense.
	Sweat pouring down his face, Tenchi guided the other two wings.
Each wing folded into a small orb of energy and shot forward.  Tenchi
gritted his teeth as he pulled and pushed the two blasts.  With much
effort, he managed one orb to crash into the shuttle bay on the port
side, and the other one into the escape hatch on the starboard.  Ryoko
and Mihoshi wasted no time and quickly flew to the openings.

	Ryoko flew through the vacuum torn hallways, her eyes darting
back and forth, picking up every detail from the ruins.  Occasionally
she would signal, and Ayeka's bubble, carrying herself and Sasami,
would float in.  Ryoko was in her black jumpsuit, red fire painted
down both sleeves, while Ayeka and Sasami were both in Juraian battle
dress.
	"Alright." Ryoko signaled.  "The atmosphere is breathable."
	Ayeka dropped her bubble.
	That's when the attack came.
	A barrage of energy blasts flew towards Ayeka and slammed into
her hastily raised shield, while the denizens of the Sorren Kai, once
peaceful creatures, now horrid monsters, rushed Ryoko.  But when they
reached her, she was gone, and they were blown apart as Ryoko rained
explosive blasts from above.
	"Ayeka!  Ryoko!" Sasami cried as black, tentacle-like vines 
seized her arms and pulled her toward the dark branches of the trees.
	"I'm coming Sasami!" Ryoko cried as she sped toward the child.
"Heads up Ayeka." She called out as she ripped the vines apart with her
blade.  Sasami screamed as she fell into Ayeka's arms.
	"We'll have to be more careful, from now on." Ryoko said,
scanning the area for anything that might pose a threat.
	"I just hope that Mihoshi and the others are doing well."

	Meanwhile, Washu was getting a serious headache from Mihoshi's
panicky style, and Masami's lack of skills, although he had improved
greatly since they started.
	"Masami!  Down!" She cried as she hurled a bolt at a large
beast behind Masami.  Masami ducked and rolled away from the beast,
and dropped a large snake from a branch.
	"Wow!" Mihoshi smiled as they surveyed the carnage around them.
"You're really getting the hang of this.  Are you sure you've never
done this before?"
	"No, I don't believe I've ever infiltrated a corrupted Juraian
warship before."  Masami said as he plugged a dragonish creature that
was writhing on the floor.
	"Wow!  I'd bet you'd make a really good Galaxy Police Officer."
	"You think so?" Masami asked.
	"Later you two." Washu sighed as she marched on.

	The two teams immerged into the central control room at the
same time.  Neither side spoke, just nodded, as they scanned the
area.
	Masami gasped when his eyes fell on Yumi.  She was tied to her
tree, which was a limb, gray, leafless skeleton of what it once was.
She herself looked even worse.  Her body was withered and her skin
taunt.  Her hair was bone white, and her eyes had the blue stain of
death.  Black rot stained the tips of her fingers.
	"Oh my god!" Masami choked at the sight of Yumi's once
beautiful visage.
	Ayeka didn't even notice Yumi.  Her eyes immediately fell onto
the strange machine on the opposite side of the room.  Black energy
pulsed through it, and holo readouts hovered above it.  In the middle,
floating in the black energies, crying his eyes out, was...
	"Ayechi!" Ayeka cried as she ran towards the child.
	"Ayeka!  No!" Ryoko called after her.  "It's a trap."
	Indeed it was.  No sooner did Ryoko say that, than Ohtsuka
dropped from the bows of the trees, crashing into Ayeka, knocking her
back towards Ryoko.
	"Welcome ladies." Ohtsuka grinned as he looked over the team.  
He frowned when he came to Masami.  "Oh, it's the worm.  Are you really
going to fight me, you pathetic creature?"
	"I'm pathetic?  I'm not the one who destroys his own sister for
petty revenge."
	"Petty revenge?  Like, oh, say, killing the dog Tenchi?  No,
my revenge is much greater than that.  I served all of Jurai, 
faithfully.  I fought for it's honor, and upheld it, only to be slapped
in the face by some half breed who comes waltzing in and mocks
everything I have stood for.  And when I seek to justify the situation,
as I have many before, by wiping the eyesore from existence, I am
punished for it.  No, my revenge is not petty vengeance against Tenchi,
it is a grand punishment, against all of Jurai!  I just hope that my 
dear sister is up to it."
	"Bastard!" Masami cried as he fired shot after shot at Ohtsuka.
The shots flowed across his shield, until the gun overheated.
	"Masami!  Go." Ryoko growled.  "I'll take care of this piece
of trash."
	"You want me, Ryoko." Ohtsuka smiled, as he drew off his glove,
flexing the dark claw beneath.  "Come and get me.  But first, let's
up the stakes shall we?" He gestured toward the contraption which held
Ayechi.  More black energy surrounded him.
	"What did you just do?"

	"Alright." Tenchi said firmly.  "Move in slowly.  We don't
want to jeopardize our position."
	"Lord Tenchi." Azaka said calmly.  "There seems to be a strange
energy reaction coming from the Ryu-Kai.  It's energy appears to be
fueling something, but we cannot detect it.  There is also an visual
abnormality."
	"Put it on screen."
	The screen appeared with a picture of the Ryu-Kai.  Slowly,
blades of pure darkness folded out from the Ryu-Kai.  First three,
than six, than ten.
	"Sir.  It appears to resemble-"
	"Full speed ahead!" Tenchi yelled.  "We have to make it into
the ship before those wings are formed."

	"What the hell are those." Ryoko gasped.
	"The counterpart to Jurai's ultimate weapon.  These are the
Shadow Hawk Wings.  With these I will extract my revenge.  As soon
as they are aligned, I will have enough power to shatter all of Jurai!"
	"No!" Ayeka cried.  "You can't."
	"Princess.  I served you and your people.  But you betray me,
so I will listen no more.  You're planet will die."
	"Not while I'm still here." Ryoko growled as she flew forward.
	"Very well, Ryoko.  Let's see your fabled power."
	The two clashed.  Back and forth they fought.  Blade against
claw.  Ryoko was clearly the stronger of the two, but Ohtsuka's speed
and reflexes were on par with Katsuhito's and Tenchi's.
	"Stand still, you little weasel!" She growled as he dodged
another one of her blows.
	"Aha!" Ohtsuka cried, lunging through an opening.  Ryoko pulled
her head to the side just in time.  Ohtsuka's claw still cut deeply 
into Ryoko's cheek, but didn't take her head off.
	Ryoko's blade lashed out and Ohtsuka fell back, taking a blow
to the shoulder, that would've taken him in the chest had he been 
slower.
	"Very good.  Try this!" He smiled as he hurled tendrils of
energy towards Ryoko.

	While Ryoko fought, Masami rushed to Yumi's side.
	"Don't worry.  I'll save you." He whispered.
	"I didn't want you to see me like this."
	"Don't worry.  You'll be your old self again once we get you
out of here."
	"No, it's not that.  It's just, I didn't want you to see how
weak I am."
	"Hey!  I didn't fall in love with a warrior.  I fell in love
with an Earthling, remember?  Mihoshi help me out with this."
	The two tugged at the rope-like vines that held Yumi to her
tree, but they wouldn't come free.  Washu stood just past them,
watching her only daughter fight.
	"Washu.  Can you help us out over here?"
	"No."
	"What?"
	"Take a look?"
	Masami looked at what Washu pointed at.  Ohtsuka and Ryoko flew
around each other, hurling energy blasts and lightning bolts, claws and
beams of super charged energies.  One of Ryoko's larger blasts washed
up against Ohtsuka's shield, sending a splash of energy everywhere.  
Washu held up her hand, and the energy coming towards her twinkled, and
disappeared.
	"Ryoko and Ohtsuka are using an incredible amount of energy.  
The power of all three gems, versus the counter energy that has been
built up by an entire empire that has existed for thousands upon 
thousands of years.  The energy wash of would incinerate us in an 
instant if I weren't shielding it.  So you worry about Yumi, and I'll
protect you from Ohtsuka and Ryoko."

	On the other side, Ayeka and Sasami, their own shields 
straining against the cosmic battle behind them, approached the strange 
machine, with Ayechi inside.  Ayeka reached out to touch her child.
	She screamed in pain, as the black energy raced down her arm.
	"Damn it!" She swore.  "Sasami, look for a manual control 
switch."

	Ryoko spun away from one of Ohtsuka's energy claws, and focused
a lance of energy into Ohtsuka.  His shields caught the blast, but
it still managed to hurl him into the wall.
	Ohtsuka groaned and flew to a better position, hurling a
barrage of blasts at Ryoko to keep her at bay long enough for him to
maneuver.  It also allowed him to spot something out of the corner of 
his eye.
	"Not so fast, worm.  If you love my sister so much, why don't
you join her." He grinned.  Yumi started moaning as he took control of
her ship.  A black liquid came down the tree.  Masami, who had been
trying to cut the vines with his knife, was quickly caught up in the
sticky fluid.  He tried to run, but it held fast, trapping him against
the tree.
	Ryoko seized this momentary lapse to charge.  Speeding forward
at a blurring speed, she swung her blade, intent on slicing Ohtsuka's
head in two.
	Ohtsuka's claw caught the attack an instant before it hit it's
mark, the blade touching his skin, burning it.  With a thought, black
lightning flew down the sword, and Ryoko screamed in pain.
	"Ryoko!" Sasami cried.  It proved to be a dangerous mistake,
as it drew Ohtsuka's attention to her and her sister, who was at that
very moment, attempting to shut down the energy chamber which held
Ayechi.
	"So the bitch wishes to rescue her cur." He sneered.  "I
think not." He casually tossed Ryoko away as he pulled wave after wave
of energy into his body.  He thrust his clawed hand out and his bone 
fingers extended rapidly towards Ayeka.
	Ayeka screamed as death zoomed towards her like a rocket.
	Ryoko's head was still spinning, unable to focus on anything.
Except that scream.  Her eyes snapped open and she growled as she
strained to teleport.
	Ayeka's scream was washed away with shock as Ryoko appeared in
front of her, spread out to shield her, a fire of determination lit in
her eye.
	That fire changed to pain as the blades dug deep into her back.
Ryoko let out a blood curdling cry, forcing everybody to cover their
ears.
	"Ryoko, why?" Ayeka whispered.
	"I-I-I failed to stop Tenchi from the losing Achika and 
Katsuhito.  The hell I'm going to fail a third time." She groaned,
before Ohtsuka flung her away, his claw rapidly shrinking back to it's
ordinary size.
	"Ryoko!"
	"Foolish girl.  Dying for a man who will never love her.  What
a stupid move."
	"You!" Ayeka growled.
	"You have something to say to me, bitch?" He laughed, flexing
his claw.  "Now, Ayeka.  It is time for you to die as well."
	"Stop!" A fiery voice echoed through the chamber.  Tenchi stood
in the entrance, flanked by Kamizake and Azaka.  "You're treachery ends
now, Ohtsuka!  Seal him up!"
	"Yes, sir!" The guardians said before blinking out.  They
reappeared beside Ohtsuka, and cast an electric shield out, catching
the dark Juraian.
	Ohtsuka grunted through the pain, and lashed out, his claw
burying itself deep in Azaka's frame.  With a grunt and a heave, he
smashed Azaka into Kamidake, sending them both crashing, splintering,
to the ground.
	"Come now, dog.  The final fight, just you and me."
	"Hiya!" Tenchi yelled as he leapt towards Ohtsuka with an
overhand slash.  Ohtsuka smiled as he grabbed Tenchi's blade with his 
claw and pulled Tenchi in, slamming his other fist into Tenchi's 
stomach.  Tenchi stumbled back, gasping for breath.
	"Pathetic!  You need more training with your grandfather, dog.
But you can never have that again, can you?" He laughed.
	Tenchi's features twisted horridly with rage.  This man laughed
at the pain Tenchi felt.  His grandfather, the wisest, most important
influence in his life, the one who made him the man he was today, was
gone and this man laughed.  Everything swept away from Tenchi except
for one thought.
	"Die!" Tenchi yelled as he charged forward, swinging wildly.
Ohtsuka easily dodged the series of attacks, and swung his claw under
Tenchi's guard, burying it in his gut.  But he didn't stop there.  He
followed up, swinging again and again, cutting and slashing Tenchi, 
until he crashed into the moat around the Command tree, covered with
blood.
	"I must say I am disappointed.  Will you truly go down this
easily?  If that is the way, than so be it."  Ohtsuka swirled his hand
drawing in a whirlpool of black energy.  "Good-bye, dog!" He laughed
as he fired the massive energy.
	"Tenchi!" Mihoshi leapt into Tenchi, knocking him away.  She
moved to leap out of the way herself, but the blast hit right behind
her, hurtling her away.  She landed in a heap, next to Ryoko's body, 
her armor shattered.
	"And so another woman dies in love with a man married to
another woman."  Ohtsuka sneered.  "Didn't know that, did you dog?  
That the officer loved you.  But she did.  She confessed it a year ago. 
If you don't believe me, ask the little princess."
	Tenchi looked in shock, from where he lay, beaten, at the side 
of the moat.  He glanced at Sasami, who solemnly nodded.
	"And so these women die, for something that they can never
have."
	"You're wrong." A voice rang out.  A voice that Tenchi thought
he'd never hear again.
	Ryoko stumbled to her feet.
	Ryoko's voice was different than before.  It lacked the normal 
fronts she put up.  It was not the voice of a warrior, nor the voice of 
a flirt, nor the voice of a braggart.  For the first time ever, Tenchi 
heard the voice of Ryoko, her true voice.  It was much quieter than 
Tenchi expected it to be.  It was soft, yet firm.  It was tinged with 
fear, which spoke of the pain and torment she had lived through, and 
tinged with sorrow, which spoke of the pain and torment that was likely 
to come.  Yet it was firm, it did not waver, nor crack.  Ryoko's voice, 
like herself, would not break.  It had, to Tenchi, an invincible air.  
There was a happiness in her voice, as well, but it was quiet, and it 
was deep, and it was hard to hear.  At that moment, Tenchi believed, if 
Ryoko were to sing, her song would be heard across the universe, and 
even the coldest heart would weep out loud.
	"You're wrong about a great many things." She said, swaying
under the effort of standing.  Black blood flowed rapidly from the 
penetrating cuts from the claw.  "I do not fight for something I cannot
have.  The fact is, I cannot have Tenchi, and this sorrows me more than
anything in the universe.  But I have accepted this.  I fight for my
love, because I will do anything to see Tenchi happy.  And if it means
I must die, if it means I will not see the happiness that I have helped
preserve, than so be it.  I can think of no better way to die."
	"Ryoko is right." Mihoshi sweated as she too stood.  It was an
effort, but she did.  Black burn marks covered her dark skin.  
Together, she and Ryoko supported each other.  "I do love Tenchi.  But I 
value his friendship more than anything, and I would not risk it for 
the world.  But that's not the reason I fight either.  I fight, because 
I have dedicated my life to saving good, honest people from scum like 
you!"
	"You're stories are very touching." Ohtsuka yawned.  "A pity
that they mean nothing."
	"That remains to be seen." Ryoko smiled, the warrior back in
her voice, as she glanced at Mihoshi.  "Ready Mihoshi?"
	"Ready." Mihoshi nodded.
	No more words needed to pass between the two women.  They 
knew exactly what the other was thinking.  
	With a surprising store of energy, the two leapt forward,
taking Ohtsuka by surprise.  Both of them slammed feet first into
Ohtsuka, knocking him to the ground.  But Mihoshi did not stop.  She
flipped off him and began sprinting towards the energy chamber and
Ayechi.
	"Stop!" He growled, preparing to fire.  But Ryoko tackled him,
pinning him to the ground.

	Tenchi still lay near the waters.  <I can't do it.> He sobbed.
<I'm not good enough to save my own family.>
	*You do not listen boy!* A voice echoed.
	Tenchi stared down at the waters.  Where his reflection should
be, stood the young form of Yosho.
	*Remember what I told you.  Fight because you must, not out of
desire.  Killing him won't bring me back, but it will stop him from
hurting others.  Listen to these women.  They will sacrifice everything
to stop one as dark as Ohtsuka.  Are you prepared to do less?*

	Mihoshi continued running, her entire body on fire.  She
flipped, leaped, and vaulted past the deadly vines that sought to stop
her.  It seemed as if the more she ran, the farther away Ayechi was,
but this was not truly the case.  Eventually, she reached her goal.
Leaping forward, she dove over Ayeka and past the chamber.  Her right 
arm outstretched, it flew through the dark energies, catching Ayechi.
	Mihoshi crashed to the ground.  Her arm was completely burned
with the dark energies.  But cradled within the blackened, shriveled
arm, was Ayechi.
	The Shadow Hawk Wings faded.
	"No!" Ohtsuka cried, as he hurled Ryoko into Mihoshi, knocking
her away from Ayechi.  The two crashed together.  Both tried to move,
but their energy was gone.
	"You will die now, and your sacrifice will be in vain." He
hollered, as black lightning flowed into the two, who lit up with pain.
	Death was only a matter of seconds.
	But then, a blinding light shot past Ohtsuka.  The lighting
crackled and split, flowing around the women, and harmlessly into the
ground around them.  Their, in front of them, floated the Tenchi-ken.
	The sword spun, until it pointed at Ohtsuka.  It's blade lit
up and it flew towards him.  Ohtsuka leapt out of the way at the last
moment, and the sword continued, ending back in Tenchi's hand.
	"You will fight me again?" He seethed.  "Give up, boy.  You're
in no shape to fight."
	Tenchi made no sound as he leapt towards Ohtsuka.  Ohtsuka
moved to grab the sword, but Tenchi barreled into him feet first.
	The dark Juraian tried desperately to fall away from Tenchi's
attacks, but Tenchi would not let up.  Blow after blow rained down
upon Ohtsuka.  In desperation, he attempted to retaliate.  He raised
his claw to strike.
	Tenchi-ken sung as it swung through the air, shattering the
bony claw.
	In the next moment, Tenchi-ken was directly in front of 
Ohtsuka's chest.
	"You have lost, Ohtsuka."
	"So it would appear.  But have I?  Can you really do it.  Can
you kill me in cold blood.  Will it haunt you forever.  Will you awake
in the night, constantly wondering, was there a better way."
	"No." Tenchi said coldly.  "I don't think it will."  <Forgive
me grandfather.  Mother> He added silently, as he thrust Tenchi-ken
into Ohtsuka's chest.

	"It appears I have underestimated you." Ohtsuka smiled.
Tenchi stepped back, releasing Tenchi-ken, and suddenly questioned the 
intelligence of stabbing somebody in the chest, when you knew they 
didn't have a heart.
	Slowly, Ohtsuka grabbed Tenchi-ken, blue lightning flowing over
his hand.  He casually threw it over his shoulder, where it imbedded
itself in the tree right above Masami's head.
	Ohtsuka raised his hands.  Black energy flowed from him, 
forming three blades of pure darkness.
	The Shadow Hawk Wings.
	Tenchi quickly raised his own hands, and the Light Hawk Wings
also leapt into existence.  Massive energy crackled between the two
sets of wings.
	Simultaneously, the wings flew over their respective masters,
forming their armor.  Ohtsuka's was the same as Tenchi's, except pitch
black, instead of white.  As the energy swept over his arm, his claw
was reformed, only now the bone extended up to his shoulder, instead
of his elbow.
	They both drew their swords, but then Ohtsuka did something
unexpected.  He threw the last wing to his side.  The energy swept
across the field, forming a black transparent wall between the two
warriors and the others.
	"We can't have the other's interrupting us, can we?  Oh, and
one more thing." Ohtsuka gestured with his claw and his black energies
swept forward.  Tenchi moved to block them, but they flew around him.
	A scream escaped from behind Tenchi.  Cold with sweat, he spun
around.
	Sasami stood, just within the circle of darkness.  She stood
very still, and stared at nothing, apparently in shock, Ohtsuka's five
blades were buried in her.
	"Ten...chi..." She moaned, as she collapsed to the ground.
	"You bastard!" Tenchi growled.  Then terror struck him.  In her
present state, Sasami would be ripped apart by the conflicting energies.
	In desperation, Tenchi threw one of his own wings, forming a
protective shield around Sasami.
	Tenchi turned just in time to block Ohtsuka's attack.
	The two clashed back and forth.  Billions of lives rested on
Tenchi's shoulders, and he fought with the spirit of them all.  Above
all else, Katsuhito's spirit flew through him, and if he were still
alive, he could not have been prouder of his grandson's fighting.
	But Ohtsuka fought with the power of utter contempt, which
fueled his skills sufficiently.

	As the two clashed, Ayeka pounded on the black shield as she
cried.  Not even noticing the battle, she was intent on her little
sister, who moaned and rolled in pain.  Was there nothing she could do.
	Washu, tended Mihoshi and Ryoko to the best of her abilities,
although she was, needless to say, quite distracted, as were her
patients.
	Masami, meanwhile, strained to get out of the sappy prison.
He reached out and his hand brushed against the Tenchi-ken, sending
fearsome pain through his body.  An idea flashed through his head.
setting his jaw, he seized the wooden sword.  Pain flowed through his
body again, and after an interminable minute, he was forced to let go.
	"Masami, what are you doing?" Yumi moaned.  "Only Jurai's royal
family can touch that sword."
	Masami did not listen.  Again he touched the sword, again he
screamed, and again he released it, holding on as long as he could.
He did this again, and again, and again.  The power of Tenchi-ken 
flowed through him, and slowly and painfully, it burned away his 
prison.
	Finally free, he collapsed to the ground.  Only to pick himself
up again.  He staggered to Yumi, and clasped one hand with hers.
	"I'm sorry to do this to you." He whispered as he kissed her.
	Without breaking the kiss.  He touched the sword.
	The lightning flowed through them again, and the vines writhed
at the touch of the holy power.  As they did, Masami, pulled Yumi away
from the tree, and they both collapsed in a heap.

	The treeship, suddenly without control, lurched to a stop.
Tenchi and Ohtsuka were thrown and there was a momentary pause in the
battle.  Both were breathing heavily, and their wings were fading under
the strain.
	Holding his sword high, Ohtsuka pulled it into the Shadow Hawk
Blade, and hurled it at Tenchi.  Tenchi was caught off guard, and the
blade smashed into him.  Shattering his armor, leaving him back in his
Juraian battle dress.  Ohtsuka released his armor, and pulled it into
another Shadow Hawk Sword.
	"Finally match, dog.  Looks like overtime.  First to score 
wins.  Come on!"
	Time seemed to slow as Tenchi ran towards Ohtsuka, his heart 
pounding in his ears.  As he came towards Ohtsuka, he drew his sword
up and brought it down on Ohtsuka's head.
	Ohtsuka swung to the side at the last minute, and all the
blade caught was his hair.
	Panic and fear set in as Tenchi's momentum carried him past 
Ohtsuka.  Desperately, he reversed the grip on his blade.
	Ohtsuka laughed as he started to swing his sword.  With his
back towards him, Tenchi had no chance to block this shot.  He was as
good as dead.
	Ohtsuka stopped in surprise.  He stared down in disbelief,
at the Light Hawk Sword that burst through his chest.  Tenchi had
dropped into a deep defensive stance behind Ohtsuka, and thrust his
sword under his arm, driving it through Ohtsuka's back.
	"Why...Why won't you die?" Ohtsuka roared.
	"I was about to ask you the same question." Tenchi panted.
	"Even if it's with my last breath, I'll see you dead!" HE cried
as he lifted his sword to strike Tenchi down.
	"Stop!" Sasami yelled, her emblem lighting up.  "In the power 
of my true name, I call upon the space tree's.  Bind this man!"  Wings 
of light shot forth and caught Ohtsuka's arms.  But Sasami staggered 
and coughed up blood.  She couldn't continue.

	"Blood to blood, and tree to tree,
	The fate befallen to you is befallen to me.
	All that is me is at your dispose,
	I'll be your sword to vanquish your foes.
	We are one, seen as two in this simple world,
	Traveling the same path on the mortal coil."

	Ayeka and Sasami seemed to blur together as they chanted in
unison.  The shields shattered, as energy flowed from Ayeka to Sasami.
With grunts of pain, Sasami's five wounds appeared on Ayeka.  With a
groan, Ayeka collapsed.
	Sasami took a deep breath and continued.  
	"Heaven to Ocean, Ocean to Earth, Earth back to Heavens.  Bind
this man!  Bind his body to the Earth, beneath the deepest rocks.  Bind
his powers to the waves of the Ocean, scattered across a thousand seas.
Bind his soul to the darkest part of the Heavens, so that he may never
again bring his darkness to this world.  This I command!"
	Tsunami's presence filled the room, as Ohtsuka screamed out in
pain.  Layer after layer, he slowly vanished, until he was just a
skeleton.
	"This cannot be..." He howled as he faded into nothing.
	Her task done.  Sasami collapsed too.

	It was no easy feat for Tenchi and Washu to carry Sasami,
Ayeka, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Masami, Yumi, and Ayechi out of there, but they
managed.
	"Yukinojo." Washu called through Mihoshi's receiver.  "You'd
better get out of here.  Set your autopilot to Earth, we'll meet you
there."
	"I am only supposed to listen to Mihoshi, but I think I can
make an exception in this case.  Oh and Washu?"
	"Yes?"
	"You still owe Mihoshi four thousand galactic credits."
	"I know!" Washu yelled.

	"Alright, Mihoshi." Washu said, putting down the energy torch.
"Let's test your arm."
	Mihoshi stared blankly at the metal skeleton of a hand wiggled
it's fingers.
	"It still feels weird."
	"You'll get use to it in time.  You'll feel better with the
artificial skin on."
	"Washu!  Mihoshi!" Sasami came running in.  "It's time."
	"Alright." Washu sighed.  "Let's go."

	The group stood around in awkward silence.  Tenchi was now dressed
in the shinto robes and held the wand in front of him, passing it over
his grandfather's body, while chanting the ancient words.
	Behind Tenchi, stood Funaho, holy tree of the Masaki shrine, and
once tree-ship of the great Juraian Knight, Yosho.  It had died with
Katsuhito.  It's bark had faded to a silver gray, and a black scar
ran down the "front" of it.  Leaves still hung from it's branches, but
they sagged, and were dull colors, as if morning the death of the old
shinto priest.
	Done with the rites, Tenchi lit the pyre.  He stepped back and
closed his eyes in prayer, a single tear rolling down his cheek.  Ayeka
also closed her eyes and little rivers of tears flowed unchecked,
Ayechi sleeping peacefully in her arms.  Nobuyuki choked occasionally, 
as he tried to hold back the tears.  Washu, Ryoko, Masami, and Yumi all 
bowed their heads in morning.
	Sasami and Mihoshi had more trouble holding their emotions in
check and bawled out right.  Ryo-ohki squirmed and Miya'd as she was
crushed by Mihoshi's metal arm.
	Tenchi opened his eyes as the smoke carressed his face.  There
before him, was the smokey image of Katsuhito.
	Washu and the others looked up in amazement.  Ayeka blinked through
her tears, sure that she couldn't really be seeing what it appeared to
be.  Sasami and Mihoshi stood gape mouthed.  Ryo-ohki still squirmed to
try to get out of Mihoshi's robotic grip.
	Katsuhito made no noise.  Indeed at several points, it seemed
that the wind would blow him away.  He smiled down at Tenchi, and then
at Ayeka and Ayechi.  More smoke billowed up and Tenchi whispered.
	"Mother..."
	Achika stood by Katsuhito's side.  She smiled down at Tenchi
pride over flowing from her eyes.  She blew a kiss as the the wind
finally blew the spirits away.
	For awhile, nobody said anything.  Indeed, nobody knew what to say.
Then finally, the silence was broken as Ayechi giggled.
	This caused Tenchi to burst out into laughter.
	"Farewell, Grandfather." He said through his tears.  "Your finally
with your daughter again."

	Everybody gathered in the living room for Masami's big 
announcement.  The sorrow of the evening had been blown away with the
smoke, and Masami had suddenly remembered why he had been so excited that
morning.
	"So what's the big news?" Sasami asked excitedly.
	"I'll show you."  With that he inserted a video tape in the VCR
and hit the play button.  He then hurried over to sit down in front of
Yumi.
	After a few minutes, the theme song started up and everybody
gasped in surprise.
	Admit flashing light and light music, flashed Tenchi and the
rest of the crew, minus Yumi and Masami.
	"What the..." Tenchi gasped.
	"It's my manga idea.  Tenchi Muyo's gonna be a hit."
	"Nice name." Tenchi groaned.
	"Hey, cheer up.  I did your voice." Masami smiled.
	"Oh no."
	At this point they had gotten to Tenchi running towards the cave
with the keys.
	"I do not sound like that!"
	"These voice patterns say otherwise." Washu smiled.
	"Leave it to Little Washu to analyze a cartoon."
	The group continued to laugh, yell, and make death threats to
Masami as they watched the rest of the tape.

	"Are you sure you have to leave?" Tenchi asked, as Washu and
Ryoko stood in the doorway.
	"Yes, Tenchi." Ryoko said slowly.  Her eyes had a dim determination
in them, speaking of the hardship of this act, but also the necessity of
it.  "There are things I said up there, that I cannot take back.  I love
you Tenchi but...it's time to move on in my life.  Good-bye."  She turned
to Ayeka.  "Good-bye, you stuck up princess." Ryoko said obnoxiously.
	"At last I'm rid of you, you pesky demon." Ayeka snapped.  After
a pause she spoke again.
	"I will miss you, Ryoko." Ayeka said solemnly, holding back tears.
	"Me too, Ayeka." Ryoko sniffed.
	"It's been fun." Washu smiled, as the two walked slowly
away.
	"Wait!  Ryoko!" Tenchi called as she left.  Ryoko slowly turned.
"I...I'm sorry that things didn't work out the way you wanted them too.
Take care, and remember...you'll always have a place here."
	"I'll remember that." She smiled through her tears.  "Good-bye."
	Tenchi sighed as he watched the two walk away.  So much had
happened in the course of two years.  He could only wonder what would
happen next.
------------------------------------------------------------------------