authors notes and disclaimer: i dont own anything tenchi, poineer and aic
do, what i do own is my own character chad. and to the people waiting for
part 11, sorry it took so long

A year had passed and the marriage between Ryoko and Chad was still strong.
They had 2 chrildren togeth who they named Mercutio and Benvolio. Everybody
was in the main throne room talking and playing with the babies as an
explosion came from the ceiling, and Tenchi came down and hif full attention
was on the death of Chad.

Chad activated his sword and the two of them started to fight.  The fight
went either way with each man kicking the other to knock out the sword in
his hand.  Tenchi tried to kill the girls but they were protected by
Ayeka&#8217;s shield.  Once again the two of them fought.  The fight was a
furious one.  Tenchi took a swing and he cut a two-inch deep cut into
Chad&#8217;s arm.  All Chad could do now was to fight with his one arm.
Tenchi managed to kick him down and he was going to go for the kill.

(Tenchi) I am going to take much enjoyment in killing you.

Tenchi raised his sword and was about to go for the final swing in order to
kill Chad when two force fields protected him.  Chad looked up and saw both
Ayeka and Ryoko protecting Chad.  Chad now got back up and kept fighting.
Tenchi made Chad drop his sword so Chad quickly retaliated with a plasma
blast.  He fired and Tenchi blocked it sending back to Chad.  Chad quickly
activated his sword but wasn&#8217;t in time.  The blast of the ball against
the sword made Chad fly back many feet.  Tenchi walked up slowly and was
confident that he was going to win.

(Tenchi) Now, I will have my revenge for what you did to me.
(Chad) Please, Tenchi.  Show some mercy.
(Tenchi) I will show you none.

Tenchi raised his sword as Chad was preparing to have his life taken away
from him.  It was then that a blast hit Tenchi on the side making him fall
back and die immediately.  Chad looked up and saw Ryoko holding out her
hand.  Chad then slammed his head back down to the floor as Ryoko ran up to
him and took his head in her lap.

(Chad) R-R-Ryoko.  I just want to
(Ryoko crying) Hush.  Don&#8217;t talk.  I know you love me and I love you
too. Just don&#8217;t die on me. [Chad&#8217;s eyes closed]  Please
don&#8217;t die on me Chad.
(Washu checking Chad&#8217;s pulse) He is not dead.  He is just in immense
pain making him go into shock.  Get him to the medical center right away.

After an hour, Washu walked out the door.

(Ryoko crying) Mom, please tell me. Is he going to all right?
(Washu) I don&#8217;t know for sure.  Right now he is in shock and only time
will tell.
(Ryoko) Can I go see him please?
(Washu) Yes, you can go see him.

Ryoko went in and was about to be followed by the other girls stopped them.

(Ayeka) Miss Washu, we could also like to see Chad.
(Sasami and Mihoshi) Yea we want to also.
(Kiyone) Don&#8217;t you get it?  Washu wants us to stay out so Ryoko can
have her own time with him.  Lets just stay out for now.  We will see him
later.

Ryoko walked up to Chad almost not being able to.  She walked up slowly and
sat down next to him.  She took his hand and wrapped it around with her.

(Ryoko) Please pull through Chad!  I don&#8217;t know what I will do without
you.

Ryoko sat there for the rest of the day not leaving Chad's side for a
moments notice.  Not even to eat.  Washu walked in the med center the next
morning to see Ryoko still awake next to Chad's side.

(Washu) Ryoko, you should go get some rest.
(Ryoko) please mom, I want to stay here with him.
(Washu) Okay. If you need some sleep there is a bed over there.
(Ryoko) Thank you mom.

Washu left Ryoko to be alone.   Later that day, Sasami came into the med
center to see Chad and Ryoko.

(Sasami) Hi Ryoko.  How are you?
(Ryoko) Im okay.  Did you come to see Chad?
(Sasami) Actually I did.  Can I have a minute alone please?
(Ryoko) Fine.  [Ryoko reluctantly got up and walked out of the room. She
decided to get some food so she went to the kitchen.]
(Sasami) Hi Chad.  Well I don&#8217;t know if you can hear not so ill just
talk or me.  I hope you come out okay.  None of us would know what do if you
didn&#8217;t pull through.  Well, I guess I should be going.

Sasami gets up to leave.  Before she leaves, she hugs Chad's body and kisses
him on the cheek.  Sasami leaves the center and Ryoko walks back in.  She
sits back down and then watches Chad again.

Three weeks had passed by and Ryoko was still at Chad's side.  Washu walked
in to check on Chad's condition.

(Ryoko) How is he Washu?
(Washu) I can&#8217;t say good and I cant say bad.  His condition has not
changed at all.

Ryoko started to cry.  A couple of her tears hit Chad's face.  She collapsed
on top of him.  Even thought she knew that there would be no reaction, she
bent down and said.

(Ryoko) Please pull through Chad.  I love you.

With that, she bent down even more and kissed his lifeless lips.  She
didn&#8217;t expect a reaction from him but she was mortified when he kissed
back.  They kiss deepened and Ryoko finally broke away.

(Chad) I love you too my Ryoko.

Ryoko then went into the biggest hug with Chad.  She never wanted to let go
of him so she just cried on his shoulder.  Chad held her close and started
to rock back and forth in order to calm Ryoko.

(Chad) Don&#8217;t worry Ryoko.  I will never leave you.

Later that day, Chad and Ryoko finally emerged out of the center and all the
girls were excited to see Chad awake.

(Sasami and Mihoshi) Were so glad you're awake.
(Kiyone and Ayeka) Yes, us too.

That night, Chad was pampered like a little baby.  All the girls came to his
needs.  Sasami had cooked the family a very large breakfast while Chad
played with his two sons.

(Chad) Hey hon, what does it mean when there is a little red dot in
Mercutio's palm?

Ryoko quickly pulled Mercutio away and that little dot became a sword.

(Ryoko) that&#8217;s what it means
(Chad) Oh.

That night, before going to sleep, Chad looked over his kingdom.  It was
then that Ryoko walked behind him.

(Ryoko) Come on emperor.  We have to get some sleep.
(Chad) Im coming my empress.

They walked into their bedroom and climbed into bed.

(Ryoko) I love you my Chad.
(Chad) And I love you my Ryoko and I always will.

They kissed and went to sleep in each other&#8217;s arms.

The End