The Knife Inside of Me: Part 3: Misery in the Essence
By The Unknown DJ

        "So boys and girls, what have we learned today? A knife cuts and
slits, but it also spins. It spins so that it could turn an old
bottle-spinning game that we loved as kids into a more pre-evolved game
of Russian roulette. For the knife seeks blood, not only from the
heart, but rather, for the throat! "Oh Happy Dagger!" Also, how is
Nobuyuki doing? Let's take a peek!"

        The Unknown DJ, Turntable Mastermind


        Nobuyuki sat on the rocks he had confronted Tenchi on a few days
ago.
It had seemed to be the only place where he too could escape the
madness brought on by the space girls. They were nice to have around,
but Tenchi had done the thing that would leave the house in shambles
for a while.
        Why had Washu said that Tenchi loved Kiyone? Nobuyuki couldn't quite
understand it for one reason. The night Washu had made the exclamation,
she had returned to the house with Tenchi walking with her. By the way
Tenchi had been sweating and bearing a look of worry, Nobuyuki knew
that Washu had discovered his secret. Still, at dinner, she had given
the false answer.
        Had Tenchi changed his mind on his love? Doubtfully. Nobuyuki knew
better then anyone else that his son wasn't the swinger type. If he
were, Nobuyuki would have heard about things that Tenchi had done with
the girls that Nobuyuki had only dreamed about.
        Then, it stabbed him. His shame. He had never considered his desire
to
see nude women and porn that big of a deal. He had thought of it as a
normal task for any man who had lost a loved one. But lately, it was
harder. Harder to watch his videos and stare at his magazines. Not
because they didn't arouse him.
        It was simply that they placed guilt in his unused heart. He had had
a
beautiful wife and he had tried to forget her as soon as she had been
taken by that sickness. He had found it easy by watching other women.
Until now, since Tenchi had finally opened his heart.
        Nobuyuki had also had a feeling since he had heard the news. He
figured it came from his experience, but every night before he got to
bed he imagined Tenchi finally getting married. The girl in white was
unknown, but Nobuyuki had figured it would be Ryoko. Anyway, Tenchi
married this girl and then had wonderful married life with her. Until,
a disaster struck.
        The girl would die some how, just like Achika. Tenchi would mourn
her
loss of course, but what frightened Nobuyuki the most is, how far would
Tenchi mourn? Nobuyuki still remembered how far he had gone…

        … It had been several weeks after the funeral of Achika. Nobuyuki
had
spent these past weeks drinking and avoiding contact with other people
as much as possible. He should have helped Tenchi coped with loss, but
there were a lot of other things that Nobuyuki should have done that he
didn't. He just didn't think of himself as the kind of person that
could do those things.
        Now, he sat in his room, on the bed he had shared with Achika.
Sitting
next to him instead of her was a couple of fresh bottles of sake. He
knew would drink it all within the next hour, even though all alcohol
seemed tasteless in this misery he was living. Also, next to sake, lay
bottles of tablets, mostly aspirin. Nobuyuki also planned to take those
in the next hour. They would for sure kill him.
        Why? What had she done? What had made her so damn weak? She had been
such an active girl at their high school, but she just lost it all.
After graduation she never even wanted to get any exercise at all and
she stayed thinned because she never had an actual appetite.
        More questions and thoughts came through his mind, but they weren't
his. They were voices inside his head. He smiled in his mind and he
knew only so much could keep him from insanity.
        He stuck his hand on the bed and reached for the first bottle of
sake.
He easily opened it, figuring a good enough buzz would help him swallow
the tablets. Now Achika thought Nobuyuki, I will follow you and come to
the gates of the afterlife. I will reunite with you. He quickly drank
until the first bottle was empty.
        Now, Nobuyuki reached for a bottle of tablets. He popped the cap and
quickly poured a handful of tablets into his left hand. He stared at
the small white pills for a while. They suddenly sprouted little faces
and the faces looked at Nobuyuki. They were pure evil creatures that
joined the voices in yelling at Nobuyuki. Now I have lost it so far
that pills have come alive.
        Thud! The doors to Nobuyuki's room swung open and a young Tenchi.
"Hey, Dad! What are… …NOOOOOO!" yelled Tenchi as he saw his father
lifting the pills to his mouth. Being a smart kid, Tenchi quickly
jumped on Nobuyuki, knocking the pills out his hand. After all, Tenchi
had known since age 4 that too many pills were dangerous. His mother
had told him.
        "Daddy! What are you doing?" screamed Tenchi, more in shock, then in
sadness. This was the first time Tenchi had ever seen his father do
something dangerous, intentionally. The young boy fell to the floor and
froze staring at his father.
        His father's only response was a drunken sob. Tenchi grabbed the
pills
and remaining bottle of sake. He figured that his father needed some
more time to be alone and cry. As Tenchi left, Nobuyuki said, "Thank
you, Tenchi…"

        …Now, more then a decade later, Nobuyuki felt useless towards
helping
his son. He knew something bad was going to happen, but by warning
Tenchi, he risked bottling his son up from love for the rest of his
life. Nobuyuki's only option was to watch and be there if Tenchi or
Tenchi's wife was in danger. He owed Tenchi.

        Meanwhile, in his room, Tenchi sat on his bed trying to figure out
his
next move or decision. Ever since Washu had made the announcement,
things had changed for the worse. Except it was so far from what he had
pictured.
        Not one of the girls was angry. This scared Tenchi the most, for he
had pictured them going insanely mad, especially Ryoko, if he had said
he loved another woman. He had even considered running from the table
on that night. Instead, he had just sat and prayed to himself only to
be rewarded with silence from all of the girls. Then, the strange moods
had occurred.
        Mihoshi, Sasami, and Washu hadn't changed that much. They never had
seemed interested in him that much anyway. They just went along as if
nothing happened and never once did they mention Kiyone and Tenchi in
the same sentence.
        Aeka had tried throwing herself at Tenchi more, as if she wanted him
to forget the others. She was in denial of this newfound love, but at
the same time she knew she was rejected. He had found her bags packed a
couple of times and knew that when she was denying his love, she was
considering returning to Jurai.
        Kiyone had been acting awkward. Every time she saw Tenchi, she would
sweat and her face would turn red. Tenchi could tell if she loved him,
but he noticed that she had also lightened up more. In fact, Mihoshi
had accidentally squirted Kiyone with a hose yesterday. Kiyone had just
shrugged it off, instead of yelling at her counterpart. She acted as if
this was the only time someone had actually loved her.
        Finally, there was Ryoko, Tenchi's true love. She was now emotional
and always ran off when Tenchi entered a room with her in it. He knew
she was upset at him, but he just couldn't say anything to her. One
night, he had quietly climbed onto the roof to see her. He had hid out
of sight and what he saw depressed him more then anything he could
think of. Ryoko was crying.
        "So, do you want to fix everything?" Tenchi turned to see Washu
standing at the foot of his bed. She looked eager, with a small grin on
her face. "Huh?"
        "Tenchi, if you want to clear everything up, climb onto the roof
after
dinner. Then, walk over to Ryoko and tell her."
        "But Washu, what about the other girls?"
        "Oh, I'll explain it to them."
        "No, I mean… …Aeka and Ryoko. Now, Ryoko will have something to
gloat
to Aeka about. Plus, Miss Aeka is already shattered." With this the
genius laughed. She fell on the floor laughing, leaving Tenchi in
puzzled state of mind. "Man! No one catches on in this house. This is
exactly how I planned things!"
        "Planned?"
        "Tenchi, I knew if I said you love Ryoko at that pointed, she would
have fought with Aeka. Then they would have killed each other. I told
them you like Kiyone for a reason!"
        "Really? Why?"
        "To change them and mature them. For example, Aeka has been the kind
of person who has been given anything she ever wanted. Now she has had
to deal with the point that she won't always get her way!"
        "But Washu," began Tenchi, "What does that have to do with it?"
        "Everything! Once I tell her your true love, she'll except it,
because
she has already learned how to deal with this kind of situation. Also,
Ryoko won't have any room to bluff, because this has taught her to
cherish you, because she learned a painful reality. She might not
always win! Now, instead of bragging, she'll worry too much about
losing you."
        "Okay, What about Kiyone?"
        "Oh, didn't you read the print out? She was the least likely to
marry
you or love you. So basically, she'll except it."
        "So this plan will work?" asked Tenchi, now eager to tell Ryoko.
        "Yes, just make sure after dinner that you go to the roof and tell
her. And then, Viola!" ENDZ


        "Now, the genius has began to pull the knife away. Will it work?
After
all, "The best laid plans of mice and man, oft go awry! Anyway, e-mail
theunknowndjendz@yahoo.com, or you can catch me at
thepissseddjchan@yahoo.com. Note the extra "s" in pissed is not a
typo!"

        The Unknown DJ, turntable swisher

P.S. If you like Tenchi midis, mail me. I have new midis that I have
re-mixed with my musical abilities. So far I finished remixing the
Tenchi Muyo TV Opening theme, so if you would like to hear it, e-mail
me.