(Spotlight comes on, illuminating Nobuyuki standing against a red 
curtain.)
AUTHOR:  Okay, Mr. Masaki.  Just do the disclaimer like we 
rehearsed.
NOBUYUKI:  Actually, I was thinking that this might be the time 
to discuss a raise...
AUTHOR:  (Glares at Nobuyuki.  Then smiles.)  How 'bout this?  
You do the disclaimer for free...(Holds up a brown envelope.)  
...and I'll give you these pictures of Tenchi and 
Ryoko....together.
NOBUYUKI:  (Eyes go wide.)  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC 
and Pioneer LDC.  The author owns only the writing and the 
characters he, himself, creates.
AUTHOR:  Good boy.  Here you go.  (Hands the envelope to Nobuyuki 
who tears it open and looks at the pictures.)
NOBUYUKI:  HEY!  THESE ARE JUST PICTURES OF TENCHI AND RYOKO AT 
LAST WEEKS'S BARBECUE!
AUTHOR:  What?!  They're together!  See?
NOBUYUKI:  But...I thought...
AUTHOR:  What?  Did you expect me to give you nude pictures of 
Ryoko?  Do I *look* suicidal to you?  (Nobuyuki's face falls.  
Author laughs.)  On with the fic!


The Bonds of Sisterhood part 11:  Myth, Faith, Belief



	The unmanned probe left hyperspace and began scanning, 
reaching out with its sophisticated eyes and ears, checking every 
spectrum, every wavelength, for anything out of the ordinary.
	Sufficed to say, it found something.

	PM Washu looked up at the screen in the palace Combat 
Information Center and shook her head in amazement.  "We have a 
visual already?!  At this range!?  It must be massive!"
	E. Ryoko and Tenchi looked at the screen in awe.  The object 
was shaped like a truncated cone with tall, threatening spires 
poking up at seemingly random intervals.  It was a greenish black, 
almost insectile in nature.  Tenchi felt a shudder run through him.  
	Only a day had passed since the mysterious man had made his 
demands to Colonel Stolykios and left.  The message he left was 
addressed to him.  It demanded that Tenchi go to a certain set of 
coordinates and to be there in one week.
	Or else Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, Washu, Tsunami, and 
Ryo-Ohki would be executed.
	Tenchi had wanted to leave immediately, but PM Washu 
suggested that they see what was there first.  Luckily, a 
spacecraft carrier was near that area on maneuvers.  It was they 
that sent the unmanned probe.
	That probe was now sending data that was simply terrifying.
	"Have they detected the probe?"  High Admiral Devalo asked.
	The technician sitting in front of him shook his head.  
"Hard to say, Sir."  
	"How long until it's within weapon's range?"  PM Washu asked.
	The tech shook his head again.  "The damn thing's in the 
middle of a subspace fissure, and a pretty big one to boot, so we 
can't jump any closer.  Assuming they have weapons comparable to 
ours and if the probe remains at its present course and speed,"  
He checked his board.  "It'll be within firing range in twenty-six 
hours, thirteen minutes, twenty-two sec..."
	Before he could finish this, there was a flash of light 
from the space station, and the screen erupted in static.
	"Or now,"  The tech finished.
	"Tsunami in Heaven,"  Devalo swore.  
	PM Washu took a breath.  "Using a subspace fissure as a 
defensive measure."  She shook her head.  "Brilliant.  They can 
pick off our ships before they can even launch torpedoes."
	Devalo shook his head.  "We can't even get close to them."
	Tenchi could hear the defeat in their voices.  "So, what do 
we do now!?"
	E. Ryoko stepped forward.  "We think of something else!"  
She turned to PM Washu.  "Mom, there's got to be some other way of 
getting to them."
	"Yeah,"  PM Washu said with a laugh.  "We send Tenchi, but 
I know you're not about to do that!"
	"Damn straight, he's not going!"  E. Ryoko shot back.
	"Wait a second!"  Tenchi interjected.  "If they're in 
trouble, and there's no other way to get them back, I *am* going!"
	"Tenchi!"
	"Alone if I have to, but make no mistake, I *will* go!"
	E. Ryoko took him by the shoulders.  "Tenchi, they could be 
dead already."
	"And I won't know until I get there and see for myself,"  he 
told her quietly.
	"I'd like to know who they are,"  PM Washu piped up.  "They 
came through the gate, but seem to be from this dimension.  I'd 
like to know how they managed that.  Also, I don't recognize the 
species of the aliens that attacked the gate guards.  They're not 
in the computers, the warbook, the palace archives....it's like 
they don't exist!"
	E. Ryoko turned to Devalo.  "Admiral, why didn't we notice 
this thing before?  It's sitting in the middle of *my* Empire for 
Tsunami's sake!"
	Devalo looked sheepish.  "I don't know, Your Majesty.  Our 
scout ships have never reported seeing it before.  We've had ships 
pass within two million kilometers of it without even noticing it.  
It just doesn't make any sense."
	E. Ryoko glared at him.  "Well, it had better start making 
sense soon, Admiral.  That thing is a threat to the Empire, and I 
want it gone."
	"Yes, Your Majesty."
	PM Washu hmm'd in thought.  "A frontal attack won't work.  
We'll have to think of something indirect."
	"Sappers?"  Ryoko asked.
	PM Washu grinned.  "It might be our best shot.  And it would 
give us a chance to rescue the hostages at the same time."
	Tenchi blinked.  "Huh?"
	PM Washu turned to him.  "We're thinking of sending in a 
small team to plant explosive charges inside the station.  If we 
can find a power source, we can destroy it, or at least disable 
it long enough for our ships to move in and pound it into dust."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  "What about Ryoko and the others?!"
	"We'll try to get them out,"  PM Washu said.  
	"*Try?!*"
	"Yes, try,"  PM Washu told him firmly.  "No matter what 
happens, we can't allow that thing to stay in our front yard."
	"Okay, sappers might work, but who do we send?"  asked Devalo.  
"This is a suicide mission.  We'll have to ask for volunteers."
	Someone cleared their throat behind them.  They turned and 
found a Marine standing there.
	"Sergeant Rikari, isn't it?"  Devalo asked.
	"Yes, Sir,"  Rikari told him.  "And I would like to volunteer 
for the rescue mission."
	"Well," PM Washu commented.  "There's one."
	"Two,"  Tenchi told them.
	"Tenchi!"
	Tenchi turned to E. Ryoko.  "I have to go.  They need me."
	E. Ryoko sighed and came to a decision.  "Three,"  she said.
	This statement was met by shocked looks from everyone in the 
room.  "Your Majesty?"  Devalo asked.
	"Where Tenchi goes," she said, "I go."
	PM Washu smiled.  "Better make it four, then."
	"Mom?"
	"We'll call it a family affair."
	Devalo shook his head.  "You can't go.  You're the heads of 
state for the entire Empire!"
	PM Washu turned to the High Admiral.  "Admiral, my niece is 
out there."
	Devalo took a breath but nodded.  "We still need more to plant 
the explosives."
	Rikari grinned.  "Don't worry, Sir, I can take care of that 
end.  Will three more Marines be enough?"

	"I'm beginning to believe you *like* hiding in the shadows,"  
Tokimi called out to seemingly no one as she sat in her throne 
room.  
	"The light can only shine in the dark, Tokimi,"  a voice 
answered her from nowhere.  In a flash of light, Quintin appeared 
before her.  The K'rystava guards raised their halberds menacingly.  
Quintin paid no attention, his eyes locked on Tokimi's.
	She smiled and waved the guards back.  With a hiss, the 
insectile guards stepped back.  Tokimi rose from her throne and 
stepped forward.  She smiled, a gesture Quintin did not return.
	"You look troubled, Quintin."
	Quintin turned from her and walked up to a K'rystava guard.  
The insect looked down at him and hissed.  Quintin examined the 
creature like one might a statue.  As he did this, he addressed 
the goddess.  "I do not approve of your tactics,"  he told her 
bluntly.  "You took it upon yourself to provide a catalyst for the 
Contest."
	"You never specified *how* the champions would arrive,"  she 
pointed out, "Just that once they were all in the Arena, the 
Contest would begin."
	Quintin reached out and touched the guard's dark green 
exoskeleton.  The guard hissed at him and added a few sharp clicks 
for emphasis.  Quintin ignored him.  "You've come close to 
overstepping your bounds."
	"I have not crossed that line."
	"No, but sometimes it doesn't take that much."  He stood 
straighter and turned to her.  "Do not forget the lessons your 
*other* two sisters were forced to learn."  
	Tokimi frowned.  "They were young and vain,"  she bit out.  
"Their destruction was their own fault.  They became greedy!"
	"Yes,"  Quintin agreed.  "I remember when they decided to 
'end their little dispute,' as they put it.  Now all that remains 
of them are their silent tombstones.  Breaches in my multiverse.  
The sentients call them, 'fissures.'"  He smiled.  "They are 
considered a mild annoyance."  His smile slipped from his face.  
"Do try to keep from being remembered as an annoyance, Tokimi.  
It would break my heart to know that the miracle you helped create 
knew you only as a naturally occurring space hazard."
	Tokimi's eyes flashed in anger.  "WHY ARE YOU TELLING *ME* 
THIS!?"  She screamed at him.  "I'm not the one who cheated!"
	"You're getting close,"  Quintin told her.  "And I intend 
to have this talk with your sisters as well, so there's no need 
to feel persecuted."
	Tokimi turned from him.  "Your message has been heard.  
Go!"
	Quintin smiled.
	"As you wish."
	He snapped his fingers and vanished in a flash of light.

	"Rikari, you're fucking crazy!"
	Together, in her room, Nol'al and Gret'an nodded along with 
Tenza's comment.
	Rikari glared at the Marine.  "This is Ayeka we're talking 
about here!"  she cried.  "You wanna leave her out to dry!?"
	"No!  But I'm telling you, Rikari, this plan fucking sucks!  
I got a bad feeling about it."
	"And you think I don't!?"  Rikari railed at him.  "I was 
there, Tenza!  I was there when they dragged Anyaro and Koriya's 
bodies out of the Gate room!  Anyaro looked like he had three feet 
of steel rammed through him, and Koriya's throat was ritualistically 
sliced open!  You wanna talk about bad feelings?!  How 'bout 
that?!"
	Nol'al shuddered as he remembered what he saw in the gate 
room.  Somehow, those bug things had gotten the drop on four armed 
Marines.  Three were dead, and another was missing and presumed 
dead.
	"What makes you think this bullshit plan is going to work?"  
Nol'al asked her.
	Rikari bit her lip.  "I don't know."
	"How many squads are going in with ours?"  Gret'an asked.
	Rikari was silent.
	"Rikari?"  Nol'al asked.
	"None."
	"What?!"
	Rikari took a breath.  "We're it."
	Tenza punched a nearby wall.  "FUCK!"
	Rikari flinched.
	"It's a volunteer mission," she told them quietly.  "You 
don't have to go."
	"Oh, and that's supposed to fucking make me feel better?!"  
Tenza told her.
	Rikari took a breath.  "I'm going after Ayeka.  Are you 
coming or not?"
	Tenza went face to face with her.  "Okay, say we go, what 
about Gret'an?"
	Rikari blinked.  "What about Gret'an?"
	Gret'an looked from one to the other.  "Yeah, what about 
Gret'an?"
	Tenza swore and shook his head.  "Come on, Rikari, he's a 
fucking RV for Tsunami's sake!"
	Rikari took a breath.  RV, Recon Virgin.  Gret'an had never 
been behind enemy lines.  This would, in fact, be his first combat 
mission.
	"I can handle it, Rikari,"  Gret'an piped up.
	"Yuo and Anyaro did two fucking years on Banipal during the 
war!"  Tenza told him.  "And they didn't handle it!"
	"What difference does that make now, huh?!"  Gret'an replied.
	Rikari stood up.  "It's a volunteer mission,"  she repeated.  
"I'm going.  Who's coming with?"
	Tenza punched the wall again, then turned to her.  "Me," he 
growled.
	Gret'an nodded nervously.  "Me."
	They looked to Nol'al.  The blonde electronics tech took a 
breath, then nodded.  "Me."
	Rikari nodded.  "Okay, ladies, briefing's in three hours.  
Get your shit together and report to the CIC now."

	"You appear troubled, Tsunami."
	Tsunami quickly turned from the window and saw Quintin 
looking back at her.  She turned from him and shook her head.
	"I should never have agreed to this,"  she whispered.
	"But you did,"  Quintin told her.  He stepped forward.  "Now 
there is little to do but hope for the best."
	She wouldn't face him.  "I know."
	Quintin took a breath.  "This is a courtesy call of sorts.  
To warn you not to attempt to cheat.  If you do..."  He left the 
threat unvoiced.  Tsunami nodded sadly.
	Quintin turned to leave, but was stopped when Tsunami called 
his name.  "Quintin.  I have a favor to ask of you."
	"I will not side with you, Tsunami," he told her point blank.  
	"Not that."  She turned and faced him.  "Please, Brother," 
she begged.  "No matter what happens in the Contest, help Sasami 
and the others get out of here."
	He said nothing.
	"Please, Quintin.  I'm begging you,"  she whispered.
	He nodded.  "I will do what I can, as I can,"  he told her 
quietly.  "No promises."
	"I ask for none."
	He snapped his fingers and vanished, leaving Tsunami alone 
with her immortal thoughts.

	"HER MAJESTY ON DECK!"
	Every man in uniform on the flight deck of the Soja came to 
attention, saluted, and bowed as E. Ryoko, Tenchi, and PM Washu 
walked in.  This group was joined a few seconds later by Stolykios 
and four familiar Marines in tac armor.
	"I should still go with you,"  Stolykios told E. Ryoko, his 
voice was pleading.
	E. Ryoko shook her head.  "No.  I need people here I can 
trust.  If this doesn't work, you'll be in charge of rescuing the 
rescue party."  She smiled.  
	Stolykios didn't.  "I don't like this,"  he told her.
	"No one likes it," she told him.
	"Ryoko,"  Tenchi called.  
	E. Ryoko turned to him.  "Yes, Tenchi?"
	"Can I have a word with you?"
	"Of course."  The two walked away from the main group.  
E. Ryoko did a quick search of the flight deck with her eyes and 
found someplace private.  She led Tenchi into the Crew Chief's 
office.  Closing the door behind them, she turned to him.
	"Don't go."
	E. Ryoko blinked.  "What?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "Stay behind.  I don't want you 
coming with us."
	E. Ryoko's eyes flashed with anger for a moment.  "And just 
why not?!"
	Tenchi bit his lip.  "Sasami had a dream..."
	He told her about the dream Sasami had.  The one that ended 
with E. Ryoko's death.  When he was done, she looked pale as a 
sheet.  She swallowed and said,
	"Irrelevant."
	Tenchi blinked.  "Ryoko..."
	"Tenchi, what should I do?  Stay behind and let you go 
alone!?  NO!"
	"Ryoko, please, I don't want you to get hurt."
	"It was just a dream, Tenchi!"  she told him.  "It doesn't 
mean anything!"
	"This isn't your problem!"
	She flinched as if slapped.  She took a step toward him and 
whispered angrily, "That is one helluva thing to say to *me*!"
	Tenchi was silent.
	"You're going," she told him, "So I'm going.  The end."
	"Ryoko..."
	She didn't say anything.  She walked past him and out the 
door.

	"So what are we taking for this ride?"  Nol'al asked, 
checking his carbine over for the hundredth time.
	"Well," PM Washu said as she waited for Tenchi and E. Ryoko 
to return.  "We *could* take a Ryo-Ohki, but I figured it would 
take too long.  So I arranged for something a little more exotic."
	"Heh,"  Nol'al said.  He saw the PM reach up and adjust her 
hair again.  "Um, speaking of the exotic, if you don't mind my 
asking, Ma'am,"  he began.  "What's with the hair?"
	Washu grinned.  She was wearing her hair up in a very 
elaborate design, complete with long, looping curls.  "Don't worry 
about that, Corporal.  Just call it part of the uniform."
	"Whatever you say, Ma'am,"  Nol'al told her.
	"Now, then, Corporal, pay attention."  PM Washu produced a 
handheld scanner and showed it to the tech.  "This will allow you 
to home in on massive energy readings like the power sources we 
want you to plant the explosives on...."
	As she was saying this, Rikari, Gret'an, and Tenza were 
watching a very ticked off Empress walking toward them followed 
by and equally angry Tenchi.
	"Are we ready?"  she asked.
	PM Washu turned to her.  "In a moment.  Here comes our ride 
now."
	They turned as the flight deck elevators began to hum.  From 
the bowels of the Soja, a very familiar, black ship appeared on the 
flight deck.
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  "The AD-7."
	PM Washu grinned.  "After your last visit, I decided to keep 
the o'l girl around....just in case."
	Tenchi nodded.
	"Okay,"  E. Ryoko said,  "Let's go."

	Washu was expanding her mind throughout the multiverse.  She 
had been able to do it a few time before, during her sleep within 
her host body, but it always took so much out of her.  It was her 
own fault.  Spreading her consciousness throughout the universe to 
search for Tokimi was her decision, a decision her little sister 
had supported and even emulated after a fashion.
	Her perspective flashed from one Washu to another to another, 
from one universe to another.  To say she controlled them would be 
inaccurate.  She could guide them over the long term, but each 
Washu in the multiverse was different.  Some, such as the Washu 
she chose to be the host of her primary consciousness,  were easy 
to manipulate.  Others were harder, but still possible to control.  
	"Deep thoughts, Sister?"
	Her eyes flashed open and found her older brother's face 
barely inches from her own.  She growled low in her throat.
	"I'm busy,"  she told him.
	"I could care less," he replied.
	"What do you want?"
	"I'm here to warn you not to cheat.  The Contest is here, 
and I know you're desperate."  Where his voice had been stern with 
Tokimi, and gentle with Tsunami, it was almost menacing when 
addressing the elder sister.  "You even *think* of intervening in 
the Contest, and I will strip you of your powers and spread your 
consciousness all over my multiverse.  Do you understand?"
	Washu arched an eyebrow.  "Yes."  She closed her eyes and 
went back to meditating.
	Quintin knew that to say anything else would be a waste of 
time.  With a snap of his fingers, he vanished.

	"We're on course,"  PM Washu told E. Ryoko.  "ETA, twenty 
seven hours, thirty two minutes."
	E. Ryoko nodded and took a breath.  She glanced behind her 
quickly, back into the main cabin, but only for a second.
	"Don't be too hard on him,"  PM Washu said.  "He's just 
trying to protect you."
	"Protect me?!"  E. Ryoko exclaimed.  "I'm not some dainty 
noblewoman who has to be protected by a strong man!"
	PM Washu shook her head.  "Never said you were, and I doubt 
Tenchi thinks that, but he's afraid for you, and fear causes 
people to forget rationality."
	E. Ryoko sighed.  "I know."
	PM Washu looked into her daughter's eyes.  "Do you really 
want to go into battle with this hanging over your heads?"
	The Empress sighed and got up from her chair.  "Be back in 
a bit."
	"Take your time dear.  We're in no rush."
	E. Ryoko went back into the cabin and found Tenchi sitting 
near one of the small, porthole windows.  He was staring at the 
hilt of the Tenchi ken, lost in thought.
	"Hey," she whispered.
	He looked up at her.  "Hey."
	She sat next to him and took his hand.  "I'm sorry about 
before."
	"So am I.  It's not that I don't think you can take care of 
yourself or anything, it's just that..."
	"You're scared for me," she finished.  "And I'm scared for 
you."  She gave his hand a squeeze.  "No matter what happens, I'm 
not leaving your side."
	"I won't leave yours," he whispered.
	She leaned forward and kissed him.  "No matter what happens," 
she repeated in a whisper.  
	
	Ryoko was sleeping when she heard it.
	"Ryoko.  Get up."
	She opened her eyes and looked up.  "Washu?"
	Washu's adult form stood over her, her eyes glowing a light 
pink.  She stared down at Ryoko, her face expressionless.  "The 
time has come, Ryoko.  The Contest is here."
	Ryoko blinked.  "What?"
	"You are going to fight."
	"Fight who?"
	"The other Champions, of course.  I have come to prepare 
you."
	Ryoko frowned.  "Where are the others?  Where's Sasami, huh?"
	"Forget them.  They are no longer relevant."
	That was all Ryoko needed to hear.  "You're not Washu,"  she 
announced quietly.
	Washu smiled slightly.  "I'm more Washu than you know.  Once 
the last champion arrives, the Contest will begin."  She turned 
from her and examined Ryoko's cell.  
	"And who is this 'champion?'"  Ryoko asked.
	"The last is the chosen of Tsunami.  He will arrived in a 
few hours."
	Ryoko blinked.  *The chosen of Tsunami?  Who could she mean 
by...OH NO!*
	"Tenchi,"  she whispered.
	Washu nodded.  "You can either fight, or perish."
	Ryoko's eyes widened in shock.  "You expect me to fight 
Tenchi?!"
	"Yes."
	"I'll perish, thank you."  Ryoko turned from the goddess, 
who whirled around on her creation. 	
	"YOU WILL FIGHT!"
	"Fuck you,"  Ryoko said quietly.  "I'm not a machine.  Not 
yours, not Washu's, not Kagato's.  And if you think I'm going to 
help you hurt Tenchi, you're wrong."
	"After everything he's done to you..."
	"After everything he's done *for* me, I won't lay a finger 
on him!"
	Washu's eyes brightened, her face contorted in rage.  "You 
are *MY* champion!  *MY* creation!"  She took a step toward Ryoko.  
"You *WILL* fight!"
	Ryoko stared into her eyes for a moment.  Then, without 
preamble, she spit in her face.
	Washu stood there and did nothing as the spit ran down her 
face.  
	"I created you," she hissed dangerously.  "And I can *break* 
you just as easily!"
	"You wouldn't be the first to try,"  Ryoko whispered.
	Washu turned from her.  "Very well, Little Ryoko, it appears 
that you just need some time to think about it.  You shall have 
it..."  She whirled around at Ryoko.
	"IN ABUNDANCE!"
	With that, Washu disappeared.  Ryoko blinked in surprise.  
<Wonder what she meant by that?>
	Suddenly, the walls around her began to...change.  The dark 
green became black, a horrible screech filled the room.  Ryoko's 
head shot from side to side.
	The walls began to move.
	She looked about her in fear as the walls on her left and 
right moved toward her.  She tried to use her powers, but the 
collar around her neck blocked them.  She tore at it, ignoring 
the electrical shocks it sent into her body.  Finally, she pulled 
her burnt hand away in defeat.
	The walls stopped barely inches from either shoulder.  Then, 
the walls in front and behind her began moving toward her, but 
they, too, stopped inches from touching her.  The ceiling began 
to drop, stopping just as it grazed her cyan hair.
	Her cell had become a tiny, metal box.  Her breathing began 
to quicken.  
	Then the lights went out.
	She started to panic.  She couldn't stand dark, enclosed 
places.  Seven hundred years in that cave had left her paralyzed 
at the thought of ever returning.  She tried to calm herself but 
couldn't.  It was like being trapped in a coffin.
	"Washu!"  she cried out.  "WASHU!"  There was no reply.  
She reached out with her hands and began searching with her 
fingertips for a way out.  
	This searched deteriorated into a panicked attempt to claw 
her way out.  "WASHU!  WASHU!  LET ME OUT!  PLEASE!  PLEASE, 
WASHU!  I CAN'T STAND IT!  I CAN'T!  LET ME OUT!  *PLEASE*!"  
She clawed at the tiny walls as she screamed to be let out.  
These screams continued for hours, until they finally dissolved 
into frightened sobs, her screams became quiet pleas for release.
	Standing outside the cell door, Washu listened to it all.

	"What do you want?"  Tokimi asked as she turned to her 
visitor.
	Tsunami stood before her nervously.  "I have come...I have 
come to beg you to postpone the Contest."
	Tokimi's lips curled up in a smile.  She sat back in her 
throne and gestured to her younger sister.  "You may beg,"
	Tsunami bit her lip.  "This isn't the way we agreed upon.  
Do you really want to win like this, Sister?"  She took a step 
toward Tokimi.  The K'rystava guards flanking the throne tensed 
visibly.  "The Contest was conceived as a way for the sentients 
to choose for themselve how they would evolve.  By forcing them 
to fight before they are ready, you are undermining the intent 
of the Contest."
	"'Undermining the intent,'"  Tokimi mused to herself.  "And 
I suppose upholding the intent would be assimilating with a 
champion so that you could enter the Contest personally?"
	Tsunami tensed guiltily.
	"Or perhaps it was when you tried to force your powers on..."
	"You've made your point,"  Tsunami cut her off.
	Tokimi's face contorted in anger.  "I don't believe I have."  
She stood up and approached Tsunami.  "How *dare you*!?  How dare 
you preach to me after the things *you* have done?!"  Tsunami said 
nothing, her face a mask of guilt-ridden agony.  Tokimi shook her 
head in disgust.  "You are no better than Washu."
	"I have made mistakes in the past.  I have learned from them 
and moved on."
	"How convenient,"  Tokimi said in disgust.
	Tsunami took a breath and tried again.  "Please, Sister."
	Tokimi shook her head.  "No.  Your champion will arrive 
soon."  She began walking toward Tsunami slowly.  "And when he 
does, I will tell him about the things you have done, *all* of 
it."  There was an indrawn gasp of breath from Tsunami.  "We will 
see how eager he is to fight for you after that.  No champion can 
be forced to fight, Tsunami.  And I have a feeling that Tenchi 
Masaki will be quite angry with you when he hears about your past 
crimes against his family."
	Tsunami gulped.
	Tokimi smiled and leaned down, her face barely inches from 
her sister's.  "This is the way it will be, Sister.  There can 
be....only...one..."  Her eyes flashed bright yellow as she 
finished,
	"God."

	Washu hissed angrily to herself. 
	<Ungrateful bitch!  How dare she defy her creator!?>
	Ryoko was not going to fight.  And even if she agreed now, 
Washu was quite sure she'd never be up to the battle.  Washu had 
to face the fact that she had miscalculated.  Her creation would 
not make a suitable champion now, no matter how much Washu might 
warp her psyche.
	What was she to do now?
	Tsunami's champion, while powerful, lacked discipline.  
Against Tokimi's champions, he was nothing.  She needed a 
replacement.  
	Princess Ayeka, perhaps...
	"Hmmmm.  She'll have to do, I suppose...."  She broke off 
as something tickled the back of her mind.  
	A piece of herself was approaching.  She could sense it.  
She focused on the small bit of consciousness she recognized as 
a part of her and saw through its eyes.  She was on a ship of some 
kind.  The piece of herself turned its head.  Tsunami's champion 
stood there.  Washu growled in disgust.  The champion was speaking.  
The piece turned its head again and focused on another figure. 
	Washu smiled.
	"Perfect," she whispered.
	"Absolutely perfect."

	Ryoko wept.
	She had tried to sit down, but there wasn't enough room in 
her cell even for that.  The best she could do was lean against 
the wall and cry in despair.
	"Please..." she whispered again.  "Please, Washu, please..."
	She begged now, more out of the need to hear something, 
anything other than the silence that loomed around her.
	"Please..."  she whispered faintly.  "Don't leave me here, 
please..."
	She opened her eyes as a light entered her cell.  She 
blinked as she saw it.  It was like a fog or mist that glowed a 
golden light all on its own.  Her heart pounded in fear.  
	<What is it?!  Something Washu sent...>
	The light moved towards her and engulfed her.  At first, 
she struggled fearfully, thrashing about.  It wasn't until she 
heard a gentle voice in her mind that she began to calm down.
	<It's okay.  I'm here.>
	She blinked and started to relax, her breathing slowed, her 
pulse went down.  She took a deep, cleansing breath as the light 
consumed her.  It was like being wrapped in a warm blanket of 
emotion.
	"I'm so afraid..." she sobbed quietly.
	<I know.  Shhhh.  It's all right.>
	The light had a mental essence all its own.  Strange, but 
familiar.  It wasn't Washu or Tsunami or Aunt Washu.  She knew 
that for sure.  It almost felt like...
	"Father..." she whispered and fell asleep.
	The light remained with her, comforting her, and making sure 
she slept peacefully.

	The AD-7 exited hyperspace right in front of the object.
	Tenchi whistled.  "It's even bigger in real life,"
	E. Ryoko nodded.
	PM Washu walked up from the aft compartment.  "Well, 
they're stowed away and safe...I hope.  You two ready?"
	Tenchi and E. Ryoko nodded.  A light on the control panel 
began to flash, begging for attention.  PM Washu sat at the 
controls and typed a few commands.  The face of D-6 appeared on 
the screen.
	"Relinquish control of your vessel, we will guide you in."  
With that, he disappeared.  Washu shut down the ship's computer 
and allowed them to take control.
	"Well, that's it,"  she said.  She stood up and removed 
her gun belt from around her waist.
	"Whatcha do'in, Mom?"
	PM Washu smiled.  "There's no way they'll let us go armed 
into this place.  Might as well leave it here."
	This brought Tenchi up short.  His hand wrapped around the 
Tenchi ken.  He didn't want to go in unarmed, but at the same time 
wasn't about to let them take it from him.  How would they get out 
without weapons?  
	An image of Ryoko destroying the place with her bare hands 
flashed into his mind.  He looked down at the gems embedded in the 
Tenchi ken's handle.  He had never trusted her with them.  Even 
after she had lived on Earth with him for a year.  He felt a wave 
of guilt overcome him and took a deep breath.  If he could get 
the gems to Ryoko, there'd be no stopping her.
	But if they took the sword, how would he get the gems to 
her?
	He blinked as an idea popped into his head.  He turned to 
E. Ryoko.
	"Hold out your hands."
	E. Ryoko blinked and did as she was told.  Tenchi pointed 
the hilt at her and began to pray silently.  The gems began to 
glow and pulse on their own.  They detached themselves from the 
sword hilt and flew out, embedding themselves in E. Ryoko's wrists.  
E. Ryoko looked down at them and shook her head.
	"It won't do any good, Tenchi.  I can't access their power."
	"She's right,"  PM Washu spoke up.  "She wasn't designed 
for it."
	Tenchi nodded.  "I know.  You're going to get these to 
Ryoko.  If they take my sword, at least they won't get the gems.  
If you can get them to Ryoko, we might stand a chance."
	E. Ryoko nodded.  "Consider it done."
	They felt the ship lurch slightly, and heard the dull 
'clunk' that told them they had landed.
	"Time to go,"  PM Washu told them.

	As the hatch opened two of the ten K'rystava sent to meet 
them leapt forward, their spears up and ready.
	There was a flash of light, and the insect at the hatch 
stopped dead in its tracks.  The tip of a red lightsword was 
gently grazing its nose.  On the other side of that lightsword, 
E. Ryoko smiled.	
	"Hi, cutie pie,"  she whispered.  "We're looking for your 
boss."
	"Ahh, good of you to join us!"
	E. Ryoko turned her head and saw D-6 walking up to the ship.  
	"I assure you, you won't be harmed.  Now where is Tenchi 
Masaki?"
	Tenchi stepped forward, standing just inside the hatch.  
"I'm here."
	D-6 smiled.  "Excellent.  If you will follow me..." He 
turned and started for the door of the landing bay.
	"Where are my friends?"
	D-6 paused and turned back to him.  "They are safe for now."
	"I want to see them."
	The lieutenant smiled.  "Soon enough.  Now come along.  We 
don't want to keep Lady Tokimi waiting."
	"Tokimi?"
	D-6 didn't answer him.  He waved them forward.  The three 
of them followed, surrounded by K'rystava that hissed at them, 
but were careful not to get too close.  
	"You were instructed to come alone,"  D-6 told Tenchi.
	"Sorry to disappoint you."
	D-6 turned to him as they reached the bay door.  "No 
disappointment," he told him.  He reached to a K'rystava who 
handed him two large gold rings.
	"Your Majesty, Madame Prime Minister, if you would..."
	E. Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "If we would what?"
	"You go no further unless you put these on."
	"What are they?"  PM Washu asked.
	"Merely a precaution."
	E. Ryoko tensed.  So did the K'rystava.
	"Ryoko,"  PM Washu said in warning.  "Let 'em do it."
	E. Ryoko glared as the insects fitted the collars around 
their necks.  
	"What about me?"  Tenchi asked.
	D-6 smiled.  "No, Mr. Masaki.  You are Her Ladyship's guest.  
Now, if you will follow me, the guards will escort Her Majesty and 
the Prime Minister to join your friends."
	"Tenchi,"  E. Ryoko began.
	Tenchi shared a look with her.  "They won't be harmed?"
	D-6 shook his head.  "You have my word."
	PM Washu smiled.  "Lead the way."  
	D-6 led him down one corridor while the K'rystava led 
PM Washu and E. Ryoko down another.  Tenchi and E. Ryoko shared 
a worried look before the K'rystava lead her around a corner and 
out of sight.  
	The walk didn't take as long as he thought it would, 
considering what he saw of the outside of the station.  He 
remarked on this to D-6.
	"Most of the space here is dedicated to your purpose."
	"My purpose?"
	D-6 nodded.  "Her Ladyship will explain."
	He led him to a mammoth chamber.  A gilded throne was at 
one end, the walls were lined with more of the insectile guards.  
D-6 lead him to an area just before the throne and walked to one 
side.  Two of the K'rystava stayed next to him.  Surprisingly, 
they didn't bother taking his sword from him.
	Tenchi took a deep breath and waited.  Without warning, a 
light began to fill the space in front of the throne.
	"Welcome, Tenchi Masaki."
	Tenchi blinked.  Suddenly, one of the K'rystava hissed at 
him and struck him in the back of the knee with the blunt end of 
its pike.  He yelped and fell to his knees.  The insect clicked at 
him angrily.  When he looked up again, a woman was standing before 
him.
	She was ethereal, appearing on the edge of his senses like 
a dream.  Her eyes seemed to see through him.  A part of her 
reminded him of Tsunami...
	"Welcome," she repeated with a smile.  "I am Tokimi."

	The door screached open and two figures were thrown into 
the cell with them.  Ayeka looked up and saw PM Washu and the 
Empress get to their feet.
	"Ryoko!"  Sasami cried and ran to her.  "Are you okay?!"  
She looked up and noticed the pony tail, realizing her mistake.  
"Ryoko?" she asked.
	The Empress nodded.  "Yeah, are you guys okay?"
	They nodded as PM Washu got to her feet and readjusted her 
hair.  Ayeka blinked in puzzlement, then realization came to her.  
"If you're here, then...OH NO!  WHERE'S TENCHI!?"
	"The bastards took him,"  PM Washu told her.  "I don't think 
they hurt him or anything."
	The Empress turned to them.  "Where's Ryoko?"
	"We..we don't know,"  Ayeka said sadly.  "Sasami was the 
last one with her, and..."
	"Damn,"  the Empress cursed.  She held up her wrists, 
revealing the darkened gems there.  "I have to get to her."
	"One thing at a time, Ryoko,"  PM Washu spoke up.  "First 
thing's first."  She tapped the collar around her neck.
	"They're blocking Jurai power, some how.  I can't explain 
how,"  Ayeka told them.
	"It's not just Jurai power,"  E. Ryoko told her.  "I can't 
use my powers either."
	"Okay, Ryoko, come to mommy."  E. Ryoko knelt in front of 
her mother.  PM Washu examined the collar and hmm'd in thought.  
She stood straighter and removed her uniform belt.  She grabbed 
a tab near the buckle and pulled.  The lining of the belt came 
away with a soft ripping sound.  Suspended with magnetic tabs on 
the inner lining was an array of tiny, electronic tools, the 
largest no longer than the last joint of her index finger.  "Time 
to go to work,"  she said as she removed one of the tools.
	"Be careful,"  Mihoshi warned.  "The collars are electric."
	"Hmmph,"  PM Washu snorted derisively.  "Pretty primitive 
defense mechanism if you ask me.  Even so, this might take a bit."
	She began carefully working on the collar around her 
daughter's neck.

	"What in Our name are you doing here?!"
	Tsunami whirled around and found Washu, arrayed in her red 
cloak, standing before her, enraged.  
	"She is telling your champion *everything*!"  She cried.  
"Why aren't you there putting a stop to it?!"
	Tsunami grit her teeth and responded.  "He has a right to 
know the truth!"
	"At what cost, Tsunami!?"  Washu bit back.  "What if he 
refuses to fight afterwards?!  Did you think of that!?"
	"I considered it,"  she told Washu calmly.  "If he refuses, 
I wouldn't blame him."
	Washu growled.  "It's bad enough I have to take flak from 
Quintin *and* my own champion, but I'll be damned if I'll take 
it from my little sister!"
	Tsunami took a step towards her.  "You deal with your 
champion, I'll deal with mine."
	Washu smiled.  "Are you sure you don't want my help, 
Sister?  I mean, look at the way you've handled your other two 
champions..."
	Tsunami closed her eyes in grief.
	"Sasami aside, what you did to Achika was particularly 
cruel..."
	"Stop it,"  Tsunami whispered.
	"She seemed like the perfect choice.  Descendent of Jurain 
nobility, incredible power of her own..."
	"Stop it,"  Tsunami bit out between clenched teeth.
	"Of course,"  Washu continued, "Who knew she'd resist 
assimilation that way?  And when you forced the issue..."
	"Stop it!"  Tsunami said louder.
	Washu looked right down at her.  "And when you forced the 
issue, she couldn't handle the overload.  She absorbed your 
powers, and it ate away her life.  It cut her life expectancy 
to *six* years!"
	"STOP IT!"
	"I'm only stating the obvious, Tsunami.  You're just lucky 
Tenchi inherited the powers she received from you.  Otherwise, 
your situation would be hopele..."
	Tsunami whirled around and smacked her across the face.  
Washu stared at her, stunned that her meek, little sister would 
ever *dare* strike her.	
	"I am well aware of my shortcomings, *Sister*!"  Tsunami 
hissed acidly.  "I don't need you to point them out to me."
	"Fine,"  Washu spat.  "I'll leave you and your shortcomings 
to reflect on your chances.  I have work of my own to do."  With 
that last shot, she vanished.
	Tsunami bit her lip and turned back to the window, a lone 
tear made its way down her cheek.
	"Tenchi, I'm *so* sorry..."

	Washu reappeared in her own lavish quarters and made plans.  
The direct approach had failed miserably with her original 
champion.  She would have to be more devious with the new one.  
She smiled.  She had the perfect plan.
	She just hoped Tsunami's lack of will wouldn't screw this 
up...

	The collar beeped once, then popped off.
	"See?  No prob!"  PM Washu told her daughter with a grin.
	E. Ryoko kicked the collar away.  "Okay, now you.  Walk me 
through it."  She took the tools PM Washu handed her and started 
to work.
	"First, locate the secondary M diode and..."  Her voice 
trailed off as an apparition appeared in front of her, behind her 
daughter's back.
	"Mom?"
	E. Ryoko turned just as Washu was enveloping her in her 
cloak.  A second later, they both disappeared.
	PM Washu blinked in shock.  "Ryoko?"  The others were 
staring at where E. Ryoko had been standing in astonishment.  
"Ryoko?!"  PM Washu tried a mental link, but with the collar still 
around her neck, she couldn't form a connection.
	"Ayeka!  Get this damn thing off of me!"  she cried.  Ayeka 
rushed over and picked up the tools E. Ryoko had dropped.  "I'll 
walk you through it step by step!"

	Tenchi thought he was going to be sick.
	As it was, he was sure he'd vomit any second.
	He shook his head.  "I don't believe it," he whispered.
	"Refusing to believe it will make it no less a fact, Mr. 
Masaki,"  Tokimi told him quietly, sympathetically.
	He shook his head again.  "Why are you telling me this?"
	"Because you have an opportunity to choose your own destiny."  
She took a breath before she continued.  "We created sentience, 
Mr. Masaki, but we could never choose a path for it.  It was 
decided among the five of us that created sentience to give the 
sentients, themselves, a means to decide.  The Contest is that 
means.  The champion that won the Contest would give their patron 
goddess the right to choose the proper path for them."
	"What does this have to do with me?"  Tenchi asked.  "Or 
my friends?"
	Tokimi smiled and ignored his question.  "I am giving you 
a choice, Mr. Masaki.  Sentience needs a strong will to guide it.  
The path *I* plan to give it will bring order to the mulitverse.  
But I need your help to make it happen."
	"What?!"
	"Renounce Tsunami,"  Tokimi told him.  "Renounce her and 
become *my* champion."  Tenchi looked at her open mouthed.  
"Washu can't lead, and Tsunami does not really wish to!  With 
my power and yours combined, we can mold the multiverse into the 
image *we* choose for it!"
	Tenchi was still too shocked to say anything.
	"Also,"  Tokimi continued, "I will...compensate you...for 
Tsunami's crime."
	Tench blinked.  "What?"
	Tokimi smiled.  "Along with a universe of your own to rule, 
I will give you your fondest wish.  I will return your mother to 
you."

	On board the docked AD-7, a deck plank began to shimmer.  
It did so for about twenty seconds before a gloved hand reached 
out and found the edge of the dimensional hole.  Grabbing hold of 
this edge, Sergeant Misa Rikari pulled herself out of the floor.  
Once out and kneeling on the deck, she quickly turned and started 
helping her three companions out of the bulkhead compartment they 
had shared.
	The Prime Minister's deggs had allowed them to hide 
somewhere with no other access point.  Even if the aliens had 
scanned the ship, they would have assumed it was a random anomaly 
or sensor malfunction.  After all, there was no way *into* that 
compartment, so it would've been ludicrous to believe someone was 
*hiding* there.
	At least they hoped so.
	"Check it!"  Rikari hissed.
	Tenza and Gret'an clicked the safeties off their carbines 
and started forward, checking the ship for hostiles.  
	She turned to the remaining Marine.  "Nol'al, let's go."
	The tech followed her to the sensor station in the aft 
compartment.  Nol'al sat at the main terminal and waited for it 
to boot up.
	"Work fast,"  Rikari urged him.
	"Watch me and weep,"  Nol'al told her with a grin.  He 
began typing.  
	Five minutes later, Tenza walked up to her.  "She's clean.  
Looks like the landing bay is empty.  No other ships, no visible 
sentries.  I got Cherry watching the main hatch."
	Rikari nodded.  "Good.  Nol'al?"
	"Check this out."  Rikari and Tenza bent over his shoulder 
to get a look at his screen.  "Looks like they use a decentralized 
power system, but the good news is that the power flow systems 
are integrated."
	"Jurain, Nol'al, Jurain,"  Tenza begged.
	Nol'al pointd out a few flashing dots on the board.  "These 
are power plants around the station.  They're all connected to one 
another like a spider's web.  If one fails, the power flow is 
uninterrupted."
	"Fuck,"  Tenza muttered.  "We can't blow up *all* of them."
	"We don't have to,"  Nol'al told him.  "If we plant tactical 
N2 charges here, here, and here,"  He pointed at three of the 
dots, "The back flow of energy from the simultaneous blasts will 
cause the others to overload and detonate.  Trust me.  Jurains 
use a similar design in their starbases.  You link a few N2's 
together and place them *just* right, boom...toothpicks..."
	"Okay,"  Tenza said, "We have a plan, but how do we get to 
them?"
	"Nol'al?"  Rikari prompted.
	"Hmm."  He began typing again.  "I'm on it, Sarge.  Gimme 
a few."
	"Take a couple.  Time is short.  Tenza, check on Gret'an."  
The broad-shoulderd Marine started forward again.  Rikari waited, 
listening to Nol'al's fingers clack against the keyboard.
	It took fifteen minutes before he had something to show her.
	"It looks like they got ventilation ducts running throughout 
the station,"  Nol'al's finger traced a line on a diagram.  "We 
could use them."
	Rikari took a breath and nodded.  "Any chance of locating 
Ayeka or the other hostages with this thing?"
	Nol'al shook his head.  "Sorry, Sarge.  The bio sensors don't 
seem to be able to break through whatever materials the bugs used 
for their station.  I can lock in on massive power readings and 
structural designs, but I can't tell you how many bugs might be 
on this thing."
	"Okay, let's get the power plants."  She turned to Tenza.  
"Tell Gret'an we move in five."

	Tenchi stood there another moment.  Tokimi was getting 
annoyed with the wait.  "Mr. Masaki.  After everything Tsunami 
has done, it is time to ask yourself, it is time to make a 
decision as to what you believe."
	Tenchi thought about his experiences in the last year.
	He thought about Tsunami.
	He thought about his mother.
	He thought about Ryoko.
	<Believe in your own power.>
	"I need an answer, Mr. Masaki."
	Tenchi got off his knees and looked up at her.  "My 
answer....is no."
	Suddenly, the Tenchi-ken was in his hands and ignited!  He 
whirled around and slashed at the K'rystava on his left, taking 
its leg off at the knee.  The insect screached and fell to the 
ground, purple blood spayed from the wound as it writhed in agony!
	Another guard brought its spear up to strike, but Tenchi 
slashed through it and through the creature's chest.  
	He turned to Tokimi and leapt up at her, bringing the 
lightsword over his head.  As he hurtled toward the goddess, he 
saw a forcefield flash into place around her.  Tenchi braced for 
the impact, but when it did, it came from an entirely unexpected 
direction!
	Tenchi was struck in the side by a beam of light and thrown 
to the wall on his left.  He hit the wall and slid to the floor, 
unconscious.  Within seconds, the other K'rystava were on him, 
slamming the blunt ends of their spears into his face and abdomen.
	"Ryassstisss!"  Tokimi hissed at them.
	The insects stopped and turned, kneeling before her.  Tenchi 
remained unmoving on the floor.
	Tokimi glared at the boy for a moment before turning to her 
silent benefactor.  "You were slow,"  she told her champion with a 
hint of suspiscion.
	"I wanted to see how far he'd go,"  the champion told her 
as he holstered his Jurain positron pistol.  He stepped from the 
shadows where he had been concealing himself.  He walked over to 
Tenchi's unconscious form and nudged his arm with his toe.  "Hmm,"  
the champion remarked.  He turned to Tokimi.  "Perhaps he'll 
prove to be a worthy adversary after all."
	Behind them, a K'rystava guard was slitting the throat of 
the one whose leg was taken off.  Tokimi and the champion paid 
no heed.
	"Just to see how far he'd go?"  Tokimi asked, her eyes 
narrowed in paranoid suspiscion.  "Or was it more?"  She faced 
her champion and held out her hand, palm out.  An energy ball 
formed there, and suddenly, the champion was hurled backward 
into the far wall.  
	The champion recovered quickly, shaking the dust from his 
blonde hair and blinking his green eyes.
	Tokimi didn't smile, gave no hint of approval.  "If I didn't 
know better, Masayoshi," she said, "I'd say you were becoming 
ambitious."
	Masayoshi Rotarin, formerly of the Jurain Defense Forces, 
stood up and smiled.  "Never, My Ladyship."
	"I wouldn't dream of it."


Author's Notes:

It's hard to believe this story is almost done.  Well, that's 
it for part eleven.  Hope you enjoyed it.  I'd like to thank 
Cav, my prereader, and say thanks for reading.  Please send 
C&C to...

Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com