Disclaimer: Most of the people and most of the ideas here belong to AIC and 
Pioneer.  The rest of them are mine.  Blah, blah, blah, don't sue me.

Please send any opinions, good or bad, to me at lighthawkwings@masakishrine.com
This story takes place in the OAV universe.

Note: Ryoko refers to the "Elder Races."  This is referring to races that 
naturally live for hundreds of years.  I just put them in to help support the
story.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                The Dark Juraian
                                  Chapter 3
                                Ryoko Returns

	Ryoko awoke in her chair aboard the Ryo-oki.  But something was different.
The crystals and the displays cast no light.  But she could still see.
Something else illuminated the place, in a much warmer glow than any mundane
light could produce.
	The light came from Tenchi.
	<Tenchi is here!  Everything will be all right!> Ryoko ran towards
Tenchi.  He stood in a strange hallway, which wasn't there before.  Halfway
through the hallway, the cold metal of the Ryo-oki twisted into the soft wood of
a Juraian spacecraft.  On the other side of the hallway, Aeka sat, waiting
patiently, underneath the leaves of Ryo-oh.
	Tenchi turned and began to walk towards Aeka.  Away from Ryoko.  As he
walked away, the light went with him, and the Ryo-oki slowly filled with
shadows.
	"Tenchi!  Please don't leave me Tenchi!" Ryoko ran towards the tunnel, 
but a field prevented her from entering it.  She watched in fear as Tenchi moved
farther and farther away.  "I need you!" She cried.
	Tenchi stopped, the tip of his toe, touching the end of the passageway.
One more step, and he'd be with Aeka, who still waited patiently, and Ryoko
would be surrounded by the darkness.
	He slowly turned around.  Ryoko's heart leapt.  <He's coming back!>
	"But I don't need you, Ryoko." Tenchi said coldly.  Ryoko inadvertently
stepped backward, icy cold pain flowing through her as her foot entered the
darkness of no-Tenchi. "I have Aeka.  Why would I need you?  Why would I even
want you?"
	"T-T-T-Tenchi..." Ryoko stuttered.  Tenchi still stared at her with his
warm, caring eyes.  But the warmth was not for her, and they did not care for
her.  He stayed where he was, did not come closer, did not let Ryoko bask in his
light, merely hang at the edge of it.
	"You are a demon.  A monster of destruction.  All you do is torment me,
pick fights with Aeka, and drink sake.  Why would I need you?" His cold voice
cut her like a sword, yet his warm eyes, and glowing light, made her desperate
for him to stay, even if it continued like this.
	"But, you saved me.  From Kagato!"
	"Stupid girl!  Don't you know the difference between love and pity?
That's all it was.  Pity.  Because I couldn't stand the thought of somebody
being used as a weapon, not because I couldn't stand the thought of YOU being
used as a weapon."
	"But...I love you!"
	"So?  How could I ever love a monster like you, when I have Aeka.  She
has everything you have, and she is everything you are not.  She is just as
beautiful and intelligent as you, and has similar longevity.  But she is also
kind and friendly, while you are cruel and violent.  What made you think you
could ever compete with her?"
	"But...I love you!"
	"You already said that." Tenchi said as he turned around.  "If you
aren't going to say anything interesting, then don't waste my time.  Aeka is 
waiting."
	"But...if you go...I'll die."
	"Don't be stupid!" He said irritably, not continuing, but not turning to
face her again either.  "You can't die."
	"I...can't?"
	"Of course not.  You're not even alive."
	"Not...even...alive?"
	"Good, you can still hear.  You're not even alive.  You are just a
reckless machine, a robot, under the illusion that you are alive.  You're love
is just a mockery of real love, a cheap imitation!"
	"No...it is real!"
	"How can it be real?  You aren't even real?  You are a weapon, a tool,
an experiment.  But you are NOT a person.  Your pathetic love is nothing but a
delusion!"
	"No...It is real..."
	"There you go repeating yourself again, Ryoko.  I don't have time for
this.  Good-bye." Tenchi took the final step forward, bringing him out of the
tunnel, and into the Ryo-oh spacecraft, directly in front of Aeka, who looked
up at him and smiled.
	Ryoko screamed as the light left, and the darkness overcame her,
freezing her to the bone, to the soul.  It sapped away all her strength.  As she 
fell, she saw Tenchi lean over and kiss Aeka, a long and powerful kiss, both of
them completely oblivious to her screams and her pain.
	She lay on the ground.  The darkness had taken her.  She had no power
left.  But she wasn't dead yet.  The darkness took its time, as it seeped in
through her, layer after layer. Ryoko could do nothing, not even close her eyes,
and she was forced to watch Tenchi and Aeka make passionate love.
	<Come Darkness!> She thought desperately.  <Take me!  Spare me of this
torture.> The darkness seeped into yet another layer of her being.  All that was
left was her heart.
	<Take it!  It is no longer of use to me!  Take it and save me from my
misery.>  But the darkness stopped, and Ryoko was left, her body aching in
freezing pain, her soul frozen, and her mind screaming as she tried in vain to
shield her eyes and heart from the scene in front of her.
	<Kill me!  Spare me!  End this!  Please!  Somebody!  Anybody!>
	She didn't even have the strength to cry at the pain.

	"Ryoko." A harsh voice echoed, and the image faded from the dark brew
that Ryoko held in front of her.  Her mind came back to reality, away from the
dark dream that plagued her.
	<But the pain remains.> She sighed.  She paused for a moment, trying to
identify what the dark liquid in front of her was.  Failing that, she downed it
anyway.  It was vile stuff, whatever it was, but it would do the job.
	She thought about her life after Tenchi.  There wasn't much to think
about.  She had been in a drunken stupor ever since.  She had absolutely no
idea how much time had passed.  It could've been a couple of weeks, months,
even years.  She didn't even know what planet she was on.  And she didn't care.
<Who cared how much time had gone by, when I could not have spent it with
Tenchi?  Who cares what planet I am on, If I cannot be on the one with Tenchi
on it.  God I'm out of it...um...Earth?  That was it.  Earth...>
	"Ryoko." The harsh voice repeated.
	"What do you want?" She said groggily as she slammed her mug for a
refill of whatever the foul stuff was.
	"So it is you.  The Space Pirate Ryoko."
	"Ex-Space Pirate Ryoko.  I gave that thing up.  Now, do I know you, or
are you just trying to get a date?  Either way, I don't feel like talking, so
buzz off."
	"You don't know us, but we know you.  Seven hundred years ago." <Damn.
Either they were Juraian, or one of the elder races.  Don't like the elder
races.  Longevity had a tendency to breed arrogance instead of wisdom in most
people.  But that didn't stop them from becoming powerful.  Time is a good
teacher, no matter who the student is.> "Seven hundred years ago, you destroyed
our homes, and killed our loved ones!"
	"You killed my wife!"
	"You took my daughter!"
	"You murdered my brother!"
	Ryoko sighed as she put down her glass and spun around slowly on her
stool until she faced them.  The leader was Juraian.  They were easy to spot
with their flowing robes and wooden keys.  <I don't know how many generations
there are of Space Tree's, but this guy looks like he's pretty low on the scale,
judging by the simplicity of the design on his key, that belt across his chest.>
Immediately behind him were two elf-like beings, one green-skinned, and the other
blue-skinned .  <Oh, brother.  Vares.  Probably the fasted race ever to 
rise to sapience.  Not as powerful as a Juraian, but damn hard to hit.  The
Aquian's water powers shouldn't be too dangerous, unless we're in a port.  Nope,
not enough sailor types.  The Sylvan could be harder though, if he's smart
enough to draw his life powers from the Juraian's tree, via the key.>
Flanking her on the left was a Duranga, a large bear of a humanoid.  <He's no
problem.  Even if they are a warrior race, there's no way he's good enough to
beat me, and I'm stronger than he is, which is their main advantage.> Finally,
flanking her right side, was a Ctutchkul, a spindly little creature, who would
only stand four feet tall, if he weren't hunched over.  <You're no threat,
although you think you are.  How will you react when you realize that your mind
powers don't work on me?>
	Before, Ryoko would welcome such a battle.  It would be intriguing.  But
now, she did not care.
	"That was seven hundred years ago.  Statute of Limitations has cleared
my name.  Besides, it wasn't my choice.  Kagato made me do it." She choked back
the dark memories.  "Now leave me alone.  I have more important things to do
than chat with you." <Like find a way to get so roaring drunk that the dark
dreams cannot reach me.>  She turned her stool around and picked up her refilled
drink.
	The liquid shook and the mug shattered, hundreds of blades of glass 
biting into Ryoko's skin.
	"Bullshit!" the Aquian Vare yelled, recalling his power from Ryoko's
drink.  "The hell it wasn't your fault.  I don't care what time limit has
passed, your going to pay for your damn crimes with your life!"
	The five assaulters dropped into fighting stances, waiting for Ryoko to
react.  Her body was already assimilating the glass that was imbedded in her,
using it's mass to heal her body.  She let the pain flow over her, through her.
She let the ecstasy of hurt and the anticipation of battle sweep through her
mind, washing everything else out.  The bloodlust flowed through her, wiping
away the future and the past.  Only the present remained, only the battle.
Only the desire to see blood flow, theirs, hers, anybody's.  Only the need to
crush those before her, to rob them of life in one, fluid motion.
	She kicked off the table and landed behind the Aquian Vare.  A single
kick to the side of the head, sent him spinning away, crashing into a table.
	She felt the assault come from the Ctutchkul.  She ignored it as she
focused on her next opponent.
	"Fuck!" She yelled as the attack ripped into her mind.  She banished the
Ctutchkul's presence easily, but it puzzled her.  <I have always been immune to
all but the most powerful of such attacks.  Why not know?>
	In the moment of distraction that the attack caused, the Duranga caught
her from behind in a powerful bear hug.  She laughed mentally at his feeble
attempt to crush her body, as the Sylvan Vare approached, a silver sword in his
hand.  He lunged to impale Ryoko.  Ryoko dropped out of the Duranga's grip, and
the Vare impaled his ally instead.
	Ryoko trembled at the beauty of death, as the Duranga's blood fled his
body, taking his life with it.  She hungered for more, slower, more painful.
	She felt another assault from the Ctutchkul.  This time she was ready for
it.  She blocked it easily as she lashed out at the small figure.  It's frail
body crumpled under the force of Ryoko's attack, and Ryoko's ears filled with
the sickeningly sweet crunch of bones breaking.
	Ryoko dove as a piercing blast landed where she was.  <Yup, the Sylvan
knows about that trick.  Simple solution though.> Ryoko smiled as she flipped
into the air.  The Sylvan Vare raised his hands to strike again, but by then,
Ryoko was on top of him.  With one hand, she grabbed his throat and lifted him 
off the ground, soaking in the terror that filled his eyes as he gasped for air.
	<Much more satisfying than the first two, even if there was no blood.
Much slower.> She thought as she tossed the lifeless body away and drew the
sword from his side in one fluid motion.
	She ducked as the Aquian charged from behind.  Coming up behind him, she
swung her newly acquired sword.  The Aquian's head rolled across the floor, as
his body dropped to the ground.
	Now there was only her and the Juraian.
	The Juraian summoned the blue-white glowing steel and charged.  Ryoko met
with the Sylvan's sword.
	"I'm disappointed." She hissed as they fought each other's blades.  "I
haven't even drawn on my power yet." The Juraian grunted.  He dropped his sword,
and pushed out with his shield, sending Ryoko crashing into a rack of alcohol.
	The hum of wards echoed as they began to surround her, holding her
molecules in place.  He could only command a dozen of them.  She ignored them
and walked right out of their ring, as she picked up the sword she had dropped.
He frowned and moved the ring, positioning it over Ryoko again.
	<Fool!> She laughed.  <The attack failed pitifully, yet you try it again.>
	<Aeka, now there was a challenge.  Aeka did not cling feebly to attacks
that failed.  She is smarter, stronger, better trained, and more powerful than
this man could ever be.  She is my peer in battle, at least when I do not have
all three gems.>
	She stopped, dropping her sword, and the Juraian breathed a sigh of relief
and triumph.
	"I have you now."
	"You mean like you did just a moment ago?  I can resist ten times as many
wards as you have, each at least twice as powerful as yours.  Do you want to
see how feeble your attack is?"
	She drew forth her power.  No more fooling around.
	The bar lit up with hundreds of tiny red stars.  She held out her hand and
they flew towards it.  The wards shivered at the passing of energy, exploding
as a star crashed into each of them.  The stars collected into one ball of
energy in front of her.
	"Now you shall see how pathetic you really are." She smiled at the fear
in his eyes as he backed away.
	Ryoko's energy shot forth.  The Juraian's shield shattered like glass, as
it raced forward, undaunted.  The energy burst apart into stars again and
engulfed the Juraian.  He dropped to the ground in agony, as the energy tore
through his skin, causing his blood to fall, steaming, onto the ground.
	The battle over, her joy fled and the sorrow that was her life returned.
	<Nobody understands me.  Nobody can know the pain I have suffered, a
thousand times worse than that which I have inflicted.  They refuse to see me
as who I am, refuse to believe that I was not of my own accord.  But Tenchi...
He saw through such things.  He saw who I truly was, and showed that to
everybody else.>
	Ryoko looked in horror at the aftermath of the struggle.  She was the only
living being in the place.  All the patrons had fled, and the five attackers lay
dead on the floor, crushed, torn, and burned.
	<It has been so long since I felt the black joy of death and destruction.
I had hoped I would never feel it again.>  Her sadism increased the guilt of
her actions tenfold.  There were only two times in her life when she was free
from the roller coaster of emotions this dark aspect of her created.  First was
in the cave, when she had nothing.  And the second was the blissful year she
spent with Tenchi, when she didn't have to hurt anybody, and the only battles
were of her choosing, or fighting for a noble cause, like avenging Tenchi's 
death.
	It was even more unbearable than before.  She dropped to her knees and
sobbed.
	<I can't take this anymore!  I must go back.  What do I have to lose?  The
truth can be no worse than my nightmares.  I must reach for Tenchi's light, not
jump into the cold darkness.>
	"Ryo-oki!" She cried to the sky.  The titanic ship phased into being, and
Ryoko phased aboard.
	"We are going back." She said as she sat in her chair, logging her star
route.  She smiled at Ryo-oki who continually cried "Miya!" as she deluged
Ryoko's head with images of carrots and Tenchi.
	"What will happen now?" She whispered as her smile faltered, and dropped
into a frown.  "What will they think, what will they do, when they see me?"

	Tentatively, Ryoko crested the hill.  Sure enough they were there.
	<On a day like this there's no way Sasami would LET them be anywhere 
else.> Ryoko smiled.  The bright yellow sun shone on the picnic scene.  Aeka
was placing the food on the blanket, while Mihoshi brought out the plates and
chopsticks.  Sasami was closest, picking flowers for the centerpiece of their
summertime feast.  Tenchi was late as usual, doing last minute work in the
fields.
	Taking a deep breath, Ryoko stepped forward, drawing Sasami's attention.
	Sasami dropped the flowers.
	"Ryoko..." Sasami gasped as she noticed the figure.
	"Sasami..." Ryoko smiled.
	"Don't you dare take Tenchi!" Sasami screamed, as she turned around and 
ran. "Aeka!  It's Ryoko!"
	Aeka looked up, and paled in fear.  Mihoshi's laser pistol flashed into
her hand.  Sasami hid behind Aeka.
	"No!  It's not that." Ryoko said as she stepped forward.  Aeka's wards
flashed into place around the three girls.  "I'm not here to take Tenchi away."
	A soft hum from behind her drew her attention.  Behind her stood Tenchi,
his sword throbbing dully.
	"All right, Ryoko.  Stop right there."
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko started towards him.
	"I said stay where you are!"
	"T-Tenchi?"
	"Why are you here?  I won't let you hurt Aeka!"
	"No, I'm here for you."
	"Well forget it!  I'm not going anywhere."
	"No!  I don't want to take you.  I just wanted to come home!"
	"Well this isn't your home anymore Ryoko.  Things have changed."
	"But..."
	"I'm sorry Ryoko." Tenchi said, his blade dissipating.  "But you don't
have a place here anymore.  Things have changed."
	Ryoko just stood there, as Tenchi walked over to Aeka and the others and
ushered them away, the food untouched on the blanket.  Ryoko could do nothing
but watch, as they slowly faded from sight.

	"Miya!" Ryo-oki yelled, snapping Ryoko awake.  <It was just a dream.> she
sighed, although she still worried what the truth would be.
	"Miya!" Ryo-oki yelled again.  Ryoko looked up to see the Earth,
dreadfully close, and drawing closer at an alarming speed.
	"Brace yourself!" She cried as they broke through the atmosphere.  The
islands of Japan grew larger and larger as they plummeted towards it.
	Ryoko and Ryo-oki slowly climbed out of the crater their "landing" had
caused.
	"Are you okay, Ryo-oki?"
	"Miya..." Ryo-oki groaned.
	"I thought I told you never to let me fly drunk."
	"Miya." 
	"You forgot?  How could you forget something like that?"
	"Miya...Miya, Meya!"
	"You were busy thinking about carrots." Ryoko sighed.  "Figures."

	Tentatively, Ryoko crested the hill.  Sure enough they were there.
	Aeka sat facing away from Ryoko, seemingly doing nothing.  Tenchi stood
opposite Aeka, writing something on a pad of paper, occasionally glancing up
at her.
	Mihoshi slept while Sasami gathered wild flowers.
	Katsuhito sat in meditation.  His presence surprised Ryoko, as he rarely
joined the group for picnics, but not as much as what else she saw.
	Two more people were there.  One was a man about Tenchi's age, dressed in
a leather jacket and shades, scribbling on another pad of paper.  The other
puzzled Ryoko.  Her hair, bound in the standard double-ponytail, marked her as
Juraian, yet she wore Earthen clothes, blue jeans and a white blouse.  She was
setting out the food.
	Taking a deep breath, Ryoko stepped forward, drawing Sasami's attention.
	Sasami dropped the flowers.
	"Ryoko...." She gasped as she noticed the figure.
	"Sasami..." Fear ran through Ryoko at the similarities with the dream.
	"Miya!" Ryo-oki cried.  Mihoshi woke with a start.  Tenchi glanced up in
surprise, his pencil snapping in his fingers.  Katsuhito glanced at her, then
closed his eyes with a nod.  The two unknown figures just stared at her.  Aeka
froze, but did not turn to face her.
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi gasped.
	"Tenchi..."
	The next thing Ryoko knew she was in Tenchi's arms, held close to him.
She reminded herself that he would never be hers, but still, she was happy to be
in his arms.
	"I thought I'd never see you again." He cried.
	"I'm sorry, Tenchi."
	"Miya!" Ryo-oki cheered as Sasami pulled out a carrot.
	"I missed you, Ryo-oki!" Sasami laughed.
	"Ryoko's back!" Mihoshi smiled.  "I'm so happy!"
	Ryoko sighed.  Their welcome was more than she had ever dreamed possible.
	"Ryoko?  Are you okay?" Tenchi asked.
	"I am now Tenchi." Ryoko looked up into Tenchi's warm eyes, eyes that did
care for her.  Then she noticed something behind him.  Aeka still sat, facing
away from Ryoko.
	"Aeka..."
	"This day...it has finally come." Aeka said, still not turning around.
"I have waited for it, both hoping it would be, and yet...fearing to ever see
you again." Ryoko's dream flashed through her mind.
	"I'm not here to take Tenchi from you."
	"I didn't think so.  But still, my fear is not for that."
	"Than what?"
	"My fear is more selfish than that.  Ryoko..." Aeka trailed off.  Aeka
remained silent, her fear unexplained, and Ryoko could only stand there, trying
to figure out what to say.
	Ryoko felt herself pulled to one side.  The strange man stood beside her,
his face inches from hers.  He whispered very quietly.
	"Aeka blames herself for what happened that day.  She believes her cruel
treatment towards you is what made you run, that you could not bear to see
Tenchi with someone like her.  She fears that you are here to punish her for the
pain she caused you."
	The stranger released Ryoko's kimono, and stepped away.  Ryoko's mind spun
at the newfound knowledge.  That she had hurt Aeka so boggled her mind and tore
at her heart.
	"Aeka...I have not come here to take Tenchi, or hurt you, or hurt anyone.
I tried to leave, but...it was so dark out there." Ryoko's voice trembled and
became softer, muted by fear.  "Everybody looked at me and saw the legendary
monster that had ravished worlds.  Nobody would believe that I was under
Kagato's control, nor would they forgive me for my actions.  Only here...only
here have I met anyone who judged me for who I am.  Aeka!  You knew who I was,
what I had done, you had seen it first hand.  Yet you forgave me. Please Aeka!"
Ryoko cried, tears flowing down her face.  "Don't fear me Aeka!  That's what
everyone else did...Please!  At least look at me!  Why won't you turn around?"
	"Because..." Aeka said as she carefully stood up.  Slowly she turned
around.  After an eternity, she faced Ryoko.
	Ryoko's jaw dropped.
	Tenchi stared at her from Aeka's arms.  Tenchi from eighteen years ago.
	"Because I didn't want to wake him." She smiled as the baby cooed.  "He's
such a light sleeper. Ayechi, meet Aunt Ryoko."

	"An entire year..." Ryoko sighed, thinking about the lost time, as she
rocked little Ayechi in her arms.  He looked just like Tenchi had, except for
his hair was a dark purple.  "I've missed so much..."
	Ayechi cried and reached out for Tenchi, who smiled as he picked up his
son.
	"I-It...can't be..." A voice gasped behind Ryoko.  She spun around.
	Before her stood Washu, her eyes wide in amazement.
	"Washu..." Ryoko smiled, as she walked towards the scientist.  "I mean...
Mom..."
	Washu slapped Ryoko across the face.
	"Don't you dare call me that!" Washu yelled.  Fire raged in her eyes for
a moment, before it was extinguished by her tears.  Washu ran as fast as she
could from the hill and into the woods.
	"Washu!" Ryoko cried as she flew after her.
	"Ryoko!" Tenchi called as he began to run after her.
	"Stop!" Katsuhito yelled, tripping Tenchi with his bokken.  "Washu and
Ryoko have a lot to discuss.  They will not need an audience."
	"But-"
	"Do not worry, Tenchi.  Ryoko has seen how cold the world is to her, and
Washu has an entire lab to take care of.  Neither of them will leave."

	Ryoko flew after the fleeing red image.  The distance closed quickly and
soon she grasped the small figure by the arm.
	"Washu!" Ryoko yelled, as she spun her around.
	Stuffed eyes returned her glare.
	"Damn!" She swore as she ripped the doll in half.  She spun as she heard
soft footsteps.
	"You shouldn't break other peoples toys." The stranger said as he stepped
forward.
	"Shut up." She grumbled.
	"All right." He said as he leaned against a tree.
	"Who the hell are you anyway?" She snapped angrily.
	"Name's Masami.  I'm Tenchi's best friend, at least outside this group."
	"He never mentioned you."
	"Yeah, that still kinda irks me."
	"What do you want?"
	"Just want to talk to you.  I've wanted to meet you for a long time."
	"Yeah, well I don't feel like chatting right now, so beat it."
	"You hurt everybody when you left, but Washu more than anybody, I think."
	"I said shut up!"
	"She hid it well.  I think I saw it once, although Katsuhito insists that
it was a training exercise."
	"Do you want to die?" Ryoko yelled as she shot a lance of energy over his
shoulder.
	"Well, if you ever do want to talk, I'm always willing to listen.  I'm
here often now.  I'll be at the house."
	Ryoko watched in anger as the young man walked away.
	"Jerk!" Ryoko said to no one.  "Where does he get off telling me that kind
of stuff?"
	"It's part of who Masami is." A soft voice said from behind.  Ryoko turned
to see the other stranger, the woman with green hair, standing behind her.
	"Is everyone following me?"
	"No.  Katsuhito told everybody not to, but Masami had already disappeared.
The others are heading back to the house now.  Nobody felt like eating anymore.
I went to find Masami, to keep him out of trouble."
	"Well you weren't fast enough." Ryoko snapped as she began walking towards
the house.  She smiled.  <Even after being gone so long, I still remember the
way.>
	"I'm sorry, Masami is very forward." The girl said as she followed Ryoko.
"He says what's on his mind."
	"Yeah, I noticed that."
	"But still, he is a very kind man, and he does it out of concern for
others.  His style is unusual, but he means only good.  I am very glad to have
met him."
	"And you are?"
	"I'm La...I'm Yumi."
	"What were you about to say?"
	"Nothing."
	"You were going to say 'Lady' weren't you?  What, are you an exiled
Juraian noble?"
	"It's nothing like that!  I am here on my own accord to redeem myself."
	"For what?"
	"Personal failings.  I let my title become who I was."
	"Yeah, well at least you had the choice.  I didn't have a say in becoming
a demon, or a space pirate."
	"Nobody here thinks you are.  You are innocent, a fragile girl, forced
under the service of another."
	"Who are you calling fragile?"
	"Well, th-th-that's wh-what Tenchi said."
	"Well, I'm not fragile.  What are you doing here anyway?  Another
free-loader, leeching off Tenchi?"
	"Absolutely not!  I happen to pay for my residence.  I am Lord Katsuhito's
personal assistant at the shrine."
	The house had come into sight.  Ryoko's anger had faded into despair.
<Maybe it was wrong to come back.  I didn't want to hurt anybody.  Why can't
things be simpler?  Why is it that my life is full of causing pain for others
and myself?>
	"I want to show you something." Yumi said solemnly, reading Ryoko's face.
	"Leave me alone."
	"Trust me.  You'll like it." Yumi grabbed Ryoko's hand, and led her
towards the house.
	"Good afternoon, Lady Yumi." Kamidake said.
	"Welcome back, Miss Ryoko." Azake said.  <Damn!  Nothing ever shakes those
two.>
	Ryoko looked at the house.  It looked different.  There was a small
addition built on one side.  Yumi happened to be brining her towards it.
	"When did that get there?"
	"A while ago."
	"What's it for."
	"You'll see."
	Yumi opened the door to the addition and ushered Ryoko inside.
	"Ryoko has returned." Azake said.
	"Yes she has." Kamidake replied.
	"Does this mean what I think it does?"
	"It probably does."

	Ryoko glanced around the room.  A single light bulb lit the room, thick
curtains blocking out the sunlight from the few windows.  Papers lay strewn
about the floor, and on writing desks.  Empty jars lay piled in one corner.  A
tall cabinet held more jars, as well as stacks of paper and bundles of pencils,
pens, and brushes.  In the middle of the floor sat a large wooden easel.  Around
the walls hung a series of paintings.  Paint fumes hung in the air, assaulting
Ryoko's nose.
	"What-" Ryoko turned around, but Yumi was gone, leaving Ryoko alone.  She
glanced at the pictures on the walls, her eyes drawn to the largest one.  Her
breath left her as her mind took in the depicted scene.
	It was her.  She was wearing Tenchi's mother's kimono, the one Tenchi had
said she looked beautiful in.  She was walking happily across a glade, the light
highlighting her majestically.  Behind her was a dark, twisted wood, with
sinister looking creatures hiding within it's trees.  On the other side of the
glade was yet another black forest.  The dark leaves shrouded this one in
complete shadow, and nothing could be seen within.  But the Ryoko in the
painting smiled brightly at the viewers, her eyes shining merrily, completely
unaware of the darkness she was heading towards.
	"Thus the Angel, who had spent her whole live within the darkness of the
wood, beneath the shadows cast by others, emerged, changed but unbroken, into
the light.  But alas, she is blinded by the beauty of the sun, and does not see
the dark unknown which she is headed for. -From Darkness to Darkness."
	Ryoko spun around to find Aeka standing behind her, Ayechi cradled in her
arms.
	"I fixed the kimono for you.  You really need to work on your stitching."
	"Who..."
	"This is Tenchi's studio.  He's always been a wonderful painter, and
without the damages from our...debates, to repair he has had a lot more free
time, and decided to pursue his skills as an artist.  Nobu-I mean, Dad, drew up
this studio and added it to the house as our wedding gift."
	"From Darkness to Darkness..."
	"By Tenchi Masaki.  Masami wrote the poem.  Shortly after Tenchi finished
it, Masami entered it into a contest, without Tenchi's permission.  He was
furious.  He barged into the gallery right as they announced his name as the
winner." Aeka's eyes sparkled at the memory.  "He received some very large
offers for the painting, but he turned them all down.  He said that no money can
match the price he paid for it.  Since then, he has sold several paintings, but
never this one."
	Ryoko was speechless.
	"We have missed you very much Ryoko." She smiled.
	Ryoko moved down the row of paintings, looking at each one.  Aeka would
say each one's name before mentioning something about it.
	"Magical Girl Pretty Sammy. Sasami in her Halloween costume.  I thought
she looked ridiculous, but she loved it.  She got to pretend she was in one of
her shoujo."
	"Off-duty. Mihoshi, sleeping in front of the shrine.  Needless to say,
Tenchi had plenty of opportunities to get that one down right."
	"The Lesson Unlearned.  Ryo-oki in another life or death struggle with a
door."
	They went on.  Katsuhito going through his stances.  Yumi sweeping in
front of the shrine.  Masami lying on the hood of his car.  There seemed to be
one for each person.
	Aeka blushed when they reached the picture of her.  Her image stood in
front of a sunset at the shrine, staring out over the horizon, the sun's light
framing her like a halo.  When Aeka said nothing, Ryoko leaned over and read
the name off of the frame.
	"Divine Beauty." Ryoko smiled as Aeka blushed even more.  "Well I'm
impressed.  He actually managed to make YOU look good."
	"Oh, Ryoko." Aeka laughed.
	"There you are." Tenchi smiled from the doorway.  "I see you've found out
about my hobby."
	Aeka walked over to him and kissed him.  He tickled Ayechi as she
whispered to him.  Ryoko tried not to listen, but her superior hearing picked it
up anyway.
	"Have you spoken with Little Washu?"
	"No.  She's locked herself in her lab.  She won't even respond."
	Aeka continued out, closing the door behind her.  Tenchi tossed down his
pad, revealing a pencil sketch of Ayeka holding her child.  A dark gray line
crossed it, marking Ryoko's entrance.
	"Well, what do you think?  It's too bad I won't have time to paint
anymore, what with you and Aeka trashing the place again."
	Ryoko chuckled as she continued examining the paintings.
	"Ryoko, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry for what I put you through."
	"Don't be Tenchi.  It was unavoidable."
	"But-"
	"I said don't be.  Tenchi, you freed me, and from more than the cave, but
from my past.  Not only did you ignore the past, but you got Aeka to see me as
more than a monster as well.  I have never had friends until I met you, and now
I have so many.  That is what you put me through.  The rest I did myself." Ryoko
frowned as she looked at the next picture.  It was a crude painting of Tenchi in
the fields, done in simple tones with rough edges.
	"Sasami did that one.  She complained that I had the whole family on the
wall, but not me, so she painted one of me."
	Next was a picture of Washu, typing away on her computer, her brow creased
in concentration.  Ryoko felt the tears come to her eyes.
	"Don't you dare call me that!" Washu's words echoed in her mind.
	"Come on.  Let's go talk to Washu."
	"How...she won't come out of her lab."
	"I'm sure we can think of something."

	As they stepped into the main room, Sasami rushed over, and clung to
Ryoko.
	"Don't go, Ryoko!  Please don't go!  I'm sure Washu will forgive you!"
	"Don't worry Sasami.  I won't leave again.  There's nowhere for me to go."
	"Little Washu?" Tenchi called as he banged on the door.  "Washu!  You have
to talk about this.  Washu!"
	"Forget it Tenchi." Ryoko sighed.
	"Then you talk to her."
	"How?"
	Tenchi answered by pulling out Tenchi-ken.  He held out the sword towards
Ryoko.  He closed his eyes.
	Ryoko felt the warmth and power flow through her, as the gems on the
ancient weapon winked out of existence.  She felt them appear, firmly imbedded
in her wrist and throat.  The sheer power coursing through her was so
overwhelming that she nearly forgot to breath.
	"Tenchi..."
	"I should've given them back to you a long time ago.  Now use them.  Break
through Washu's barrier and talk to her."
	"Thank you Tenchi." Ryoko whispered as she phased through Washu's door.

	Ryoko phased into Washu's lab.  Washu typed away on her computer.  Ryoko
drifted towards the small scientist and placed a hand on her shoulder.
	On her soft, plush shoulder.
	Ryoko swore as she threw the doll across the room.
	"Dammit!  How many times are you going to hide behind those?  Come out!"
	Nobody responded.
	"Hmm..." Ryoko thought as she glanced at the quasi-real computer which
floated in the air.  "Let's see what you're working on.  I'm sure I won't cause
too much damage."
	"I changed the codes." Washu's voice echoed from nowhere.  Ryoko looked
around, but could not see the red haired scientist anywhere.
	"Yeah right.  You never change your codes."
	"Tenchi just had to give you your gems back." Still Washu did not appear.
"Why are you here?"
	"Because I need to talk to you."
	"You said all you needed to say when you hightailed it out of here a year
ago!"
	"That had nothing to do with you."
	"Then why did you break the link?  The link had nothing to do with anybody
but me, so if it didn't concern me, than why did you break it?"
	"Because...because...I don't know!  I was afraid you'd make me come back!
I was afraid that you'd tell me that this was the way things were suppose to be.
But I should've come back, and they are the way they're supposed to be.  I made
so many mistakes.  Please forgive me, Mom."
	"I told you not to call me that."
	"But that's what you are.  You are my mother.  You created me, because you
loved me.  And you have been helping me, even if I didn't know it.  I realize
that now.  I learned the hard way.  You shielded me from psionic attacks.  More
importantly, you took part of my pain and suffering, from my dark emotions, my
sadism and the guilt it caused.  You made it bearable.  Please.  I know things
can never be the way they were, or could have been, between us.  Nothing can be
the way it was.  But..." Words failed Ryoko, and she hung her head in defeat.
	Ryoko felt a soft hand on her shoulder.  Happily she turned around to face
her creator.
	The doll looked at her with toy eyes.
	"Gotcha!" Washu laughed from behind Ryoko.
	"That was uncalled for!" Ryoko yelled.  "What kind of mom are you?"
	"The only one you'll ever have." Washu smiled, as she hugged her daughter.
"Thank you Ryoko."
	"Thank you...Mom."
	Ryoko and Washu held each other for a long time.
	"So how 'bout that Masami?" Washu finally said, breaking the silence.  "I
could put in a good word for you."
	"With that jerk?  Why don't I just tie myself to Aeka while we're at it?"

	"They've been in their a long time." Aeka frowned.  She paced outside the
door to the lab, while Tenchi meditated on the floor, Ayechi in his lap, playing
peek-a-boo with Ryo-oki.  Masami lay sprawled out across the couch.
	"That's probably a good thing." Tenchi replied.  "It probably means
they're talking."
	"Or they killed each other." Masami said.  Tenchi shot him a glare that
could wither a tree.  "Sorry.  Just kidding.  I bet you they're fine.  Ryoko's
not going to hurt Washu, and she has all three gems, so Washu probably can't do
much to Ryoko either.  So they've probably resolved their problems, and are
spending some quality time together."
	"Well they could at least have the decency to tell us, instead of letting
us sit out here and think the worst!" Aeka snapped.  "I'm going crazy out here.
I've got to do something before I snap.  If you need me, I'll be in our room,
reading over the reports that Mother gave me."
	"All right." Tenchi sighed.  "I probably should go to the fields.  I'll
have to convert them all back to carrots again."
	"Miya!" Ryo-oki cried.
	"Sure you can help.  It'll be just like old times.  C'mon."
	"I'll take Ayechi." Masami said as he picked up the little child, who
giggled as he lifted him up high.
	"All right.  I'll see you tonight." Tenchi said as he kissed his wife.
	"Good-bye darling." He said as he tickled Ayechi.
	"Good-bye sweetheart." Masami smiled.
	"Good-bye Masami.  Let's go Ryo-oki."
	"Wave bye-bye to Daddy." Masami said waving Ayechi's hand at Tenchi.
	"You know what, Ayechi." Masami said once Tenchi and Aeka were gone.
"You have a very unusual family.  You're probably going to need a lot of therapy
when you grow up."
	"Same with you." A voice said from behind him.
	"That's why I'm not going to growing up." Masami smiled as he looked back
at Ryoko. "So how are things with your dear old mom?"
	"Better than they've ever been in the past.  Not that it's any of your
business."
	"Yeah, but all my business is boring.  Tenchi's is much more interesting."
	"That may be, but I'm still mad at you for what you said in the forest.
You had no right to voice those statements, even if they were true."
	"Well, I have every right to be mad at you, but you don't see me hurling
energy bolts."
	"What reason do you have to be mad at me?"
	"You left Tenchi." Ryoko, who was about to say something, froze.
	"That's not fair." She said stupidly.
	"I know it's not fair Ryoko, and that's why I'm not mad at you.  And I
won't be mad at you, as long as you do one thing."
	"And what is that?"
	"It's very simple.  Promise that you will never do that to Tenchi again.
It nearly ruined everything he and Aeka had.  Swear by your gems, by Washu,
Tsunami, by your love for Tenchi, by anything and everything that you hold dear,
that you will never do something to hurt Tenchi like that again.  Do that, and
I'll forgive you.  Otherwise, I'll never speak to you again."
	"I thought you were trying to get me to make that promise, not encouraging
me not too.  But don't worry about that, Masami.  Nothing could ever make me do
something that stupid again.  I swear it."
	"Then everything's forgiven." Masami smiled bouncing Ayechi.
	"Except your loud mouth."
	"Forgot about that."
	"Thank you Masami." Ryoko said after a lapse of silence.
	"What?"
	"Thank you for what you did.  For telling me what was wrong with Aeka."
	"No prob.  That's what I do, get in other peoples business. I'm quite good
at it."
	"So where you doing out there?" Ryoko said, glancing at the papers that
Masami had been working on earlier.  Masami snatched them from her before she
could really look at them."
	"Sorry, but those are personal.  I'm aspiring to become a manga artist,
and I don't want anybody to look at my unfinished work.  So what brings you out
of the dungeon and away from your mad scientist?"
	"Oh, nothing much. Just....This!" Ryoko laughed as she snatched Ayechi out
of Masami's surprised hands. 
	"Hey! Not fair! It's my turn to play with Ayechi.  Tenchi and Aeka never
let me play with him." He made a grab at Ayechi, but Ryoko floated out of reach.
	"Probably because your such a bad influence." Ryoko used her free hand to
pull down on one eyelid and stuck out her tongue. 
	"Why should you get to play with Ayechi?"
	"Because, I'm not. I have to take him to the lab so Washu and I can run
some tests on him, and THEN play with him." Ayechi laughed as Ryoko pulled a
somersault through the air and phased through Washu's closed door. Masami raced
after them, yanked open the door, and ran straight into the lake outside. "Damn!
Should've seen that one coming." He chuckled as he swam to shore. 

	"Masami! You're soaked." Yumi exclaimed as Masami climbed up the stairs. 
"Where's Ayechi? Tenchi said you were watching him!" 
	"Relax. He's with Washu and Ryoko. Their stupid joke is why I'm so wet."
	"So what are you doing here? You know I'm busy working."
	"Maybe I came to pay respects to the shrine."
	"Nice try. You don't pay respect to anybody."
	"Hey. I...well, I suppose that's true. Well with Ayechi in the lab with
Ryoko and Washu, and Mihoshi helping Sasami make dinner, I didn't have anything
else to do. So I thought I'd stop by and see if I can be a nuisance here
instead."
	"I'm sure you'll manage. So, how are Ryoko and Washu?"
	"Well, I haven't seen Washu, but Ryoko said they patched things up, and
she was pretty happy, even before she kidnapped Ayechi."
	"Stop complaining. Here." She pushed the broom into his hands. "You can
help sweep."
	"There goes your professionalism."
	"Well, I figure if your going to stay around bugging me, you might as well
help out."
	"Fair enough."
	"So how does Ryoko stealing Ayechi get you all wet?"
	"Let's just say you should knock before trying to enter Washu's lab."
	"I see." Yumi giggled. "Here. Let me help you."
	"How?" In response, Yumi raised one hand and pointed towards Masami. Blue
energy crackled as Yumi's shield enveloped Masami. After a moment, Yumi withdrew
her power. 
	"You know it's a lot easier to forget your an alien than one would think."
	"Thank you. It means I'm paying my sentence."
	"I still think you're beating yourself up over that way too much."
	"Think what you want, it's my decision."
	"If you say so. You miss Jurai much?"
	"Not as much as I thought I would. Sure I miss the beauty of the forests
and the wonderful fields full of flowers, but this place has a beauty all it's
own. And the warmth and family here is like nothing on Jurai. While I do miss
the balls and the dances, I wouldn't trade what I have found for anything, not
even to be the First Crown Princess of Jurai."
	"If you traded it to be the First Crown Princess, you'd still have it.
She's here too."
	"Yes, well it's a lot easier to forget Aeka is the First Crown Princess
than one would think, too. She seems so different, then the stories. She hasn't
been in office for seven hundred years. And she is much more relaxed than they
said she was. And much happier, too."
	"That's Tenchi for you. He makes demons into people, and ladies into
peasants, and everybody is happier for it."
	"He even made a loud-mouthed know-it-all into a hero."
	"Who? Me? I'm no hero. I was just paying back an old debt. Besides, Aeka
and Washu did the real work."
	"That's not true. Your part was just as important."
	"Yeah right. Anybody could have done what I did."
	"How many times have we had this argument."
	"Bout six hundred times. Twice a day, usually."
	"Yumi!" Katsuhito's voice yelled out. "Are you almost done cleaning?"
	"Yes sir!" She yelled back.
	"And tell Masami that he'd better do a better job sweeping than he did last
time."
	"No prob, Yosho." Masami laughed. 
	"If you keep calling him Yosho, he's going to kill you one of these days."
	"Yeah, if Aeka or Tenchi don't beat him to it." They finished sweeping up
the shrine. Yumi sat on the step in front of the shrine office, sorting through
letters, while Masami sat down in front of one of the trees, drawing on his
sketchpad, and glancing at a notepad. The stray cat that lived at the shrine came
up to him and he absently pet it as he worked. The two engaged in minor debates
like they always did, teasing and laughing at each other.
	"Masami." Yumi whispered as the sky began to darken. She slowly rose to her
feet.
	"What?" Masami asked, as he looked up.
	"Look." She said as she stepped to the top of the stairs that led to the
shrine. Masami stood next to her. Before them was an amazing sight. The sun was
setting beyond the mountains, casting a rainbow of colors through the skies. The
light seemed to make the leaves of the trees glow as if by magic, and the entire
valley seemed to sparkle with life and beauty. The light struck Funaho's lake,
casting a bright rainbow around the magical tree, and Funaho sung, it's rainbow
lights dancing with the rainbow in the water.
	"It's so beautiful." Yumi whispered.
	"It's remarkable." Masami echoed. He turned to face Yumi. And was greeted
with the chiseled features of Katsuhito. Masami fell backwards and crashed
against the large red gate to the shrine.
	"It is quite a beautiful scene isn't it." The old priest smiled. "Sasami
should have dinner on the table soon. With Ryoko's return, it should be quite a
feast. Put those papers on my desk and lock up, won't you Yumi?"
	"Yes, sir." Yumi bowed.
	"And hurry up. Sasami will be mad if you're late." Katsuhito called out as
he began his journey down the long flight of stairs.
	"No problem, Yosho." Masami yelled. "I'll help."
	"Damn punk." Katsuhito mumbled, although no one could hear him. 

	Dinner was a feast, even for ten people. The table was laden with all of
Ryoko's favorite foods, as well as numerous carrot dishes. After missing lunch
everybody dug in quickly, except Aeka, who was determined to shed those last few
pounds she had gained from carrying Ayechi, and ate very little.
	"Relax, Aeka." Tenchi smiled. "Don't be so conservative. This is Ryoko's
homecoming feast. Enjoy yourself."
	"Yeah." Ryoko nodded. "Besides. It's not like you had a figure before."
	"Really, Miss Ryoko, you go to far. Not all of us were engineered with a
high metabolism, like you." 
	Tenchi sighed. Already things were sliding towards the way things used to
be between Aeka and Ryoko. He wasn't sure if he was happy or upset about that.
	"Miya?" 
	"No, Ryo-oki. Ayechi doesn't want a carrot." Sasami laughed. Ryo-oki looked
at Ayechi, snuggled in Aeka's arms, and then looked at the carrot in her hands,
shrugged, and ate the carrot. The group laughed and talked well into the night,
over dinner, desert, and tea. 

	Ryoko lay on the roof, staring at the stars.
	"A penny for your thoughts." A voice said. Ryoko looked over at Aeka, who
made her way across the roof, and sat down next to her. 
	"How did you get up here?" 
	"I can fly, too, you know. It's just more of an effort. So what are you
thinking?"
	"The stars are more beautiful from Earth than other places."
	"Because Tenchi is here?"
	"No. I mean they actually are more beautiful here, not that they just seem
that way."
	"That doesn't make any sense. The stars are stars, no matter where you are
watching from."
	"No it's true. There are no space ships, or battle stations, or supply
stations cluttering up the sky.  Nothing that doesn't belong there."
	"I suppose your right, although it would look better with another moon."
	"What?"
	"Another moon. A bright one, like Tariscus, the second moon of Virana."
	"Always a perfectionist." Ryoko muttered. "Still, you're right."
	"Ryoko, I...I'm sorry things turned out the way they did."
	"Don't lie to me Princess."
	"What? It's the truth!"
	"Then stop lying to yourself while your at it. Would you have preferred it
if I had killed you in a fit of rage? Or detonated my gem and killed myself and
all of you? Or maybe you wanted me to win Tenchi's heart."
	"I see your point Ryoko. Still, I am sorry for you. It must hurt you so,
to see Tenchi with me, knowing that he will never be yours..."
	"No, it doesn't."
	"It doesn't?"
	"No, Aeka, it doesn't. Well, maybe a little." Ryoko sighed as she stared
at the stars. "Tenchi chose you a long time ago, a long time before he realized
it."
	"He did?"
	"Yes. When we went to his aunt's hotel. The first time. When I pulled him
into the woman's bath area, then dragged you through the wall. I suspected it
even then, although I wouldn't admit it, even to myself. I wanted to embarrass
you, humiliate you, so you would avoid Tenchi, maybe even leave. But then, when
you stared at each other. It was like you two were highlighted in a heavenly
light, and I disappeared along with the rest of the world. You were so lost in
the moment. So was he. That was the clincher. I refused to believe it, but deep
down, I knew that I had already lost."
	"Ryoko..."
	"But still, I didn't really lose. I realize that, while being the object
of Tenchi's desires, to have him live for me, as I live for him, to have him love
me like no one else existed, would have been great, it wasn't necessary. Being
with him, loving me as a friend, if not a wife, smiling at me, and laughing with
me. That is enough. Being away taught me that. This is what I truly want, what I
truly need. The rest would have just be a bonus." Aeka was speechless. Ryoko
smiled at her, her golden eyes flashing mischievously in the darkness. "Of
course, that doesn't mean that if I get a chance to take Tenchi from you, I won't
take it."
	"What? Tenchi and I belong to each other! You would interfere with that?"
	"If that's what it takes."
	"You have no morals!"
	"At least I don't pretend to have them."
	"What does that mean?"
	"You tell me. You're the one that flashed him."
	"I was lost in the moment. You said so yourself.  Besides!  YOU pulled my
towel off!"
	"Yeah, but that's no excuse."
	"It is too!" 
	A dark figure sat in the shadows of the chimney, watching the two women
fight. He examined them carefully, absorbing every detail. Slowly, their images
appeared in front of him. 
	Tenchi paused for a moment, before writing "Getting Along" in the corner
of his sketch, and slowly sneaking back through the window into his room. 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Well, that's another chapter done. Not as action packed as the last one, but
important to where things are heading. Tenchi's artistic side was inspired by
rumors about TMiL2, and a basic need. Originally, Darkness to Darkness was going
to be one of Aeka's needlepoint. Then again, originally, this was going to take
place ten years in the future instead of just one. But things change, and I think
it's much better this way. The only thing I'm really upset about is that Mihoshi
only had a bit appearance in this one. But she has a major part coming up soon.

So how am I doing? What do you think about my portrayal of Ryoko and Aeka? More
importantly, what do you think of Yumi and Masami? Send all comments, opinions,
etc. to lighthawkwings@masakishrine.com
