Copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson, All existing Tenchi characters are copyright 
Pioneer AIC. The character Ryeka is copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson (me)

Disclaimer - Look, it's a fan fic, so don't get bent out of shape. I thought up 
this idea a while ago, so I'm unabashedly pirating the Tenchi universe and 
bending it to my own nefarious purposes. I haven't read the millions of lines of 
existing a fan fic, so I can't say for sure that no one else has written this 
story line, but if so, well great minds and all that. I am sure that if Pioneer 
and company refrains from suing me, so should you. Besides, I wouldn't be 
listening anyways, la la la.... 

This fic is posted in its entirety at http://www.viciousbunny.net/

-------------------------------------------------------------

Thicker than Blood
Chapter 15

"I guess I am just a little thick," Tenchi said as he accepted some stew from 
the bowl Ryeka was offering him. "I don't really understand what Tokimi was 
trying to accomplish by having Tomokon kidnap Ryoko and myself."

"It had nothing at all to do with you," Sasami answered, dipping a deep fried 
shrimp into some sauce. "She wanted me. You see, over twenty thousand years ago, 
she was banished from this dimension by Washu and myself. It took her all those 
years for her to get back close enough that she could draw energy from either 
myself or Washu."

"And she must have learned from Clay that I don't contain that sort of power 
anymore, if I ever did." Washu continued.

"Oh, you did, little Washu," Sasami added. "Trust me on that. Anyway, Tokimi 
also clearly knew about the close relationship between all of us and construed 
first to diminish our ability to resist her by taking out the most powerful 
among us one at a time, and second to lure me into reach by threatening those I 
loved."

"We were beginning to wonder if you still loved us at all," Ryoko mentioned, 
looking sadly at Sasami. "You two have been gone for so long. We were afraid 
that the troubles all those years ago had some how driven you away."

Sasami looked down and chewed her food, unable to reply. Yugi, who was sitting 
next to her, gave her a little hug.

"It's true that the events of the last military insurrection weigh heavily on 
me," Sasami said. "It was necessary for me to remove myself from Jurai and it's 
politics. If I had remained, the families of those who..."

The words caught in Sasami's throat and she couldn't finish. Ayeka finished for 
her.

"Some of the families of the other nobles who perished due to the military's 
misuse of Tsunami's power," she said, pointedly relieving Sasami of 
responsibility, "potentially could have tried to use the situation to remove me 
from power. Sasami agreed to leave so that I would look to have banished her. It 
was a sacrifice she made so that I could continue to rule and thereby bring our 
shared vision of a peaceful Jurai into reality."

"I understand that," Tenchi said, "but you could have come back here, Sasami. It 
must have been so lonely for you out there alone. Uh, I'm sorry, Yugi, I didn't 
mean to imply that you weren't there, but I mean that we all could have 
supported Sasami."

Sasami wiped her eye and nodded. "I wanted more than anything to come back here. 
But, I needed to be alone for a while. Plus, there are a lot of problems and 
suffering out in the galaxy in areas not controlled by Jurai. It helped me to 
recover by helping others who were in such dire need. Also, after I regained my 
full consciousness with Tsunami, I realized that Tokimi was definitely trying to 
make her return. I guess I didn't want to risk anyone else getting hurt if she 
came after me."

"Well," Washu chimed in, cheerfully, "we certainly won't have to worry about 
that for another twenty thousand years!"

Ayeka's jaw dropped. "You mean that horrible woman will return again someday? I 
hoped that we had gotten rid of her for good!"

"Oh, no," Washu, giggled. "I couldn't do that to my own flesh and blood, even if 
I can't remember that she is my flesh in blood. Besides, you can't kill a god. 
She'll be back all right. Let's hope she learns her lesson this time."

"But, what was that brilliant explosion?" Kiyone asked.

"That was Ryeka," Ayeka said. "After I met with Tsunami, it was suggested that 
since Ryeka's life energy oscillates in the same two dimensions as the crystal, 
she should be able to release the energy stored in them the same way Ryoko does 
with her gems."

"You took a hell of a chance with our daughter, Ayeka" Ryoko said, 
disapprovingly. "I always thought that you were more responsible than that."

Ayeka didn't answer; she just looked to Ryeka to respond. Ryeka did so, 
sheepishly.

"The explosion wasn't part of the plan," she said, climbing up into Ryo-ohki's 
lap. "I was supposed to release just enough to free Mommy and Daddy, and maybe 
disable the ship. We had no idea how much energy was there. I guess all that 
effort you and daddy used to make that connection between the crystals was more 
than I could handle. Once the energy started to flow through me, I couldn't 
control it and it went all at once."

Ryeka pulled Ryo-ohki's arms around her. The room seemed to hold its breath.

"How did you make the Lighthawk wings," Tenchi asked, quietly.

Ryeka didn't answer. She just breathed out a long breath and seemed deep in 
though.

"I don't know, I don't think I am meant to know. All I remember is that the 
energy that I was releasing seemed to drag me along with it. It burned; I think 
it was burning up my body. I think I died. Then ... I ... I just felt like I was 
the light, not Ryeka anymore. I could feel that you all were nearby and need to 
be protected, but I wasn't scared or worried, I just felt like I loved you all 
so much. It felt like I was just holding you all in a big hug. Then, it started 
to fade and I don't remember much else."

Ryeka frowned and looked at Washu.

"Except, it felt like I was hugging Tokimi, too."

Washu nodded. "I don't understand, exactly, either. But, I believe that you took 
on the manifestation of nearly pure love, which I have always suspected was the 
primary basis of the Jurai power. In that state, you reached out to all of those 
who needed protection and love, including Tokimi most of all. She simply used 
your energy to strengthen herself and come fully back into this dimension."

"But," Kiyone asked, "How were you able to defeat her? I thought she was much 
more powerful than both you and Tsunami combined?"

Washu shook her head. "But it wasn't just me and Tsunami. It was all of us. It 
was Ryoko and Ryo-ohki who apparently I subconsciously imbued with some of my 
former power. It was Asaka, Kamadake, Ayeka and Tenchi, all whom magnify the 
Jurai power. It was Yugi, who was genetically enhanced by Juraian scientists 
thousands of years ago, probably for the sole purpose of defeating Tokimi when 
she returned. Most of all, what I said, what Ryoko taught me, was true. Our 
power isn't diminished when we share it with our children. It grows, and 
multiplies with every generation. I have no doubt that when Tokimi returns the 
next time, we won't need to banish her again. I suspect that we will have grown 
so powerful by then that she won't even be a threat."

A devilish glint appeared in Washu's eye. "After I realized that, opening a rift 
to an unreal imaginary dimension was simple for the greatest scientific genius 
in the Universe! Ah-hah!"

As a chorus, all the members of the dinner party raised their glasses and 
uttered the Washu cheer.

"You are a genius Washu! You are the greatest Washu!"



Dinner was finished in a very relieved and rowdy atmosphere. Afterwards, Tenchi 
issued an ambassadorial decree that the dishes could wait until morning and the 
group broke up into smaller groups. Kiyone used the house communications unit to 
place a call to Mihoshi and Noboyuki to encourage them to try to get to Earth 
while everyone was still there. Then she placed a call to Galaxy Police 
headquarters to request a new personal starship to replace Yagami. Afterwards, 
she went for a evening walk with a bouquet to place in the lake in memory of all 
the soft(er) landings it had provided for the late ship Yagami.

Tenchi and Ryoko carried Ryeka upstairs to put her to bed. Ryeka was already 
asleep before the second step. 

Sasami and Yugi went to the kitchen to make some hot chocolate, which neither 
had enjoyed since they were both last together in the Masaki residence before 
Yugi went to a self imposed hibernation in the cave.

Ayeka and Washu went into Washu's laboratory. No reason was given.

Kaji and Ryo-ohki sitting alone on the coach in the living room. Ryo-ohki was 
eyeing him sullenly and he felt as though she were still mad at him for having 
suspected Ayeka of duplicity earlier. He decided to break the ice with some 
conversation, while at the same time gathering more information for his report.

"I'm glad you weren't hurt today, Lady Ryo-ohki," he began. "I'll admit, when we 
saw the massive explosion, Kiyone and I were sure everyone had been killed. It 
wasn't until the light faded and we could make out the shapes of Tokimi and 
Tsunami that we held out some hope. Still, you don't seem to exhibit any sign of 
permanent damage."

Ryo-ohki shrugged. She fixed her eyes onto his without answering. It was only 
after he had proved after two minutes that he wouldn't look away that she 
dropped her gaze and answered.

"Apparently, my different forms aren't made up of the same matter. Washu says 
that she designed me to store them in pocket dimensions. That way, I can take 
significant damage on one body, and transform to another with little or no 
damage. However, I can't regain the damaged form until after it has had some 
time to heal. Also, I still feel the fatigue of the effort no matter what body I 
use."

Kaji nodded. "So, you'll be stuck here for a few days while you recover. How 
nice."

Kaji smiled charmingly at her. Ryo-ohki looked back at him and smiled back, 
though secretively, and not in response to his charm.

"Actually, I wasn't badly damaged enough to be grounded, but I will be staying 
for a few days, as long as Her Highness will allow."

"Ah, good. Then maybe we can start over and get to know each other."

Ryo-ohki thought about it and smiled. "Why not?"

And she got up to go upstairs.

Kaji watched her go. He considered briefly considered following her, but the 
memory of her claws against his throat was still too fresh in his mind. Besides, 
he needed to talk to Washu again anyway.

Just as Kaji was about to knock on the closet that Washu used as a portal to her 
laboratory, the door opened and Ayeka stepped out.

"Oh, excuse me, Detective," she said. "I hope I didn't hit you with the door."

"Missed me by that much, Empress," Kaji held his fingers up.

"Ha ha," Ayeka laughed. "I actually used to watch reruns of that show. Were you 
looking for me?"

"Actually, I wanted to speak to Washu," Kaji bowed slightly in apology. "Is she 
in her laboratory?"

"Yes, go right in," Ayeka stepped out of the way. "Good night, Detective."

"Good night, Empress," Kaji bowed again.



After traveling through a disorienting trans-dimensional tunnel, Kaji arrived in 
Washu's lab.

"That you, Detective?" Washu called out.

"Yes, Professor, it's me. May I speak to you for a moment?"

"Only if you stop calling me 'Professor'," Washu spun around on her cushion and 
snapped her fingers. A second cushion appeared.

Kaji took his seat. "So, what is your answer?"

Washu laughed. "Actually, Detective, I must be tired because this time I haven't 
the foggiest idea what you want to know."

Kaji raised an eyebrow. "Is that so? I should feel proud I suppose. I had a 
question about Ryeka, actually."

"A popular topic of conversation tonight. Ayeka was just here about the same 
subject."

"Oh?" Kaji asked, surprised. "Was it anything I should know about for my 
report?"

Washu shook her head. "More of a medical matter, actually. What is it that you 
want to know?"

"I am interested in the source of Ryeka's great power. After all, she was able 
to create ... no I mean she was able to become a six bladed Lighthawk Wings. For 
someone who is only one sixteenth Juraian, that is quite a feat. With her mother 
being Ryoko, I would have expected a less Juraian slant to her abilities. What 
do you make of that?"

Washu stared at him curiously. It was as if she were trying to see something 
deep inside of him. Finally she spoke.

"Kaji, why are you really gathering all of this information?"

Kaji shrugged. "I have no ulterior motives. During any investigation, the more 
information the Galaxy Police have, the more likely they are to solve a case. I 
have learned while doing research for other cases that sometimes the smallest 
bit of information can be crucial. I want to make sure any future detective who 
is reviewing my case will have all the information I can give them."

Washu continued. "Because what I have to tell you is the kind of information 
that could cause a huge uproar in the Jurai Empire. I would only tell you to 
prevent you from stumbling around stirring up trouble trying to find the answer 
on your own."

Kaji felt his heart quicken. He forced himself to calm down. "I understand."

"You know that Ryoko was actually designed not to be able to bear children don't 
you?"

"No, I didn't"

Washu put her hands behind her head and looked up. "I ... I wanted to spare her 
the pain of having children and then perhaps losing them. I was jaded that way. 
So, I omitted ovaries and a womb when I created her. I had no idea that later in 
life she would actually marry someone like Tenchi and want to have a child. In 
fact, until she met Tenchi, I never actually thought of her as anything more 
than a complex machine. Does that sound callous to you?"

"Not from someone who had their own child stolen from her and never wanted 
anyone else to experience that pain again." Kaji said softly.

Washu nodded without looking down. "I used my own ovum to create Ryoko. But to 
do so, I had to remove my ovaries to put them in stasis so that I could extract 
eggs at will. They were lost when Kagato destroyed my lab and captured me.

"So, when Ryoko came to me in tears one night, begging me to help her have a 
child, I told her there was nothing I could do. In what I think was the most 
humbling display of humility that I have ever seen, she went to the one person 
she could go to for help."

Kaji stopped entering data.

"Ayeka." Washu said. "Almost without a second thought, Ayeka came straight back 
here and ordered me to transplant her ovaries and womb into Ryoko's body. Other 
than my splicing some of Ryoko's genetic material into the eggs, Ryeka could 
easily be considered to be Ayeka's daughter as well as Ryoko's."

"At dinner," Kaji said suddenly, "Ryoko scolded Ayeka for taking chances with 
'our daughter'. She wasn't talking about her's and Tenchi's, she was talking 
about her's and Ayeka's!"

Washu nodded.

"So what's the big deal?" Kaji asked. "Why the secrecy. Why conceal such a noble 
and selfless act?"

"You need to take more notes on Juraian politics and less on the soap opera 
involvements of its Empress," Washu rolled her eyes. "Think about it for a 
minute. What would happen when people found out that Ayeka would never have an 
heir to the throne? Or better yet that there existed a potential rival to the 
throne in Ryeka?"

"Probably the same thing that happened when Sasami merged with Tsunami. 
Opposition elements would seek to use Ayeka's infertility to force her to 
abdicate, or worse they would seek to put the child Ryeka on the throne and 
control her."

"Exactly."

Kaji turned off his data pad. "Actually, I can't foresee this information ever 
being useful to the Galaxy Police, and my report is too long already."

"Thank you, Kaji." Washu pushed a button and the door to the laboratory 
appeared. "I appreciate your candor. Goodnight."

"Not so fast, little Washu," Kaji made no attempt to get up. "That doesn't 
explain the source of Ryeka's power. Neither Ayeka, nor Tenchi, nor Ryoko have 
the power to transform directly into the Lighthawk Wings. In fact, such an event 
has never before been recorded, not even among the children to pure Juraians. 
Yet Ryeka did it. How is that possible? And don't give me any more soppy mumbo 
jumbo about being greater than the sum of our parts."

Washu laughed.

"Kiyone is correct. You do have a lot of potential. I was hoping to distract you 
with the soap opera details of the affair to make you forget the important part. 
The fact is that I couldn't adapt Ayeka's ovaries to Ryoko all by myself.  Ryoko 
isn't human or Juraian, so there weren't enough support systems to keep the 
tissue healthy."

Kaji leaned forward. "So?"

Washu leaned forward and winked. "Ahhhh, I'm not going to tell you. But, I'll 
give you two hints. First, remember that at its most basic level, the Jurai 
power is nothing more than love. Second, with enough love anything is possible. 
Good night, Detective."

"Ah, so, you needed help, someone with a lot of love... ack!" Kaji started.

Washu pressed a button. The cushion Kaji was sitting on disappeared. He dropped 
into a dimensional tunnel that appeared in the floor directly beneath him.

"Good night, Detective."
