Copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson, All existing Tenchi characters are copyright 
Pioneer AIC. The character Ryeka is copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson (me)

Disclaimer - Look, it's a fan fic, so don't get bent out of shape. I thought up 
this idea a while ago, so I'm unabashedly pirating the Tenchi universe and 
bending it to my own nefarious purposes. I haven't read the millions of lines of 
existing a fan fic, so I can't say for sure that no one else has written this 
story line, but if so, well great minds and all that. I am sure that if Pioneer 
and company refrains from suing me, so should you. Besides, I wouldn't be 
listening anyways, la la la.... 

This fic is posted in its entirety at http://www.viciousbunny.net/

-------------------------------------------------------------

Thicker than Blood
Chapter 7

"... And when you fought back, the gel congealed into the crystal compound that 
holds you now." Commander Tomokon gloated over his captive. He had finally given 
in and told Ryoko how they had captured her.

"Each time you exerted your energy, the crystal simply stored it, growing 
stronger and holding you that much tighter. For years, you have humiliated us by 
flaunting your great power. Well, now the greater your power, the greater your 
prison."

Tomokon glared smugly at Ryoko, daring her to say something smart. She did.

"That's nice, I have to pee."

"Aaaarrrgh!!!" Tomokon ripped off the transducer and stalked out of the cell, 
leaving Ryoko alone again.

That was okay, because she was very hungry and a little disoriented. She 
couldn't remember the exact number of days she had been in the cell, but it 
seemed like forever. Fortunately, the crystal seemed to be air permeable, so at 
least she could breathe, but she would have killed for a cheeseburger. And she 
really did have to pee.



Tomokon stalked through the corridors towards his stateroom. He wished he could 
kill the demon now, but unfortunately for him, the crystal that held her also 
protected her. They couldn't penetrate it enough to attack her without leaving 
themselves open to attack. Still, at least she was contained.

Now it was time to work on the next part of the plan. Ryoko's friends would be 
coming for her, that much was certain. In fact, the computer simulation had 
given a 35 percent probability that they would have been here by now. In another 
two days, the probability would be one hundred percent.

Tomokon entered his stateroom and keyed the communications console. The officer 
of the day on the bridge appeared.

"Lieutenant, listen to me carefully. I have received intelligence that some 
separatist renegade forces from the Earth will try to infiltrate Senzo within 
the next two days. I want all scanners on full, all non-scheduled traffic held 
at a distance and searched, and I want around the clock patrols on all decks. 
Commander Tomokon out."

There, Tomokon thought, that should hold them off for a while. In his mind, 
Tomokon tried to foresee how to catch the next victim of his Lady's ire. They 
would be well guarded and certainly capable in their own right. Washu, the 
trickster, was never what she seemed. Using illusion, lifelike decoys and her 
powerful intelligence Washu had made Doctor Clay look like a senile old fart. 
Washu also casually invented massively destructive weapons and then discarded 
them when she grew bored.

Then there was the Ambassador, Tenchi Masaki, who could generate Light Hawk 
wings and the Light Hawk sword. He had led a charmed life, defeating opponent 
after opponent. His power would certainly be a problem.

The Demon Ryo-ohki was a problem much like Ryoko had been, except her power was 
far more limited. When she was in humanoid form, though, many of her powers were 
suppressed.

The Galaxy Police were ... not a problem in the least. Tomokon snorted. GP 
technology was barely superior to that of the squabbling Earthlings. 

The wild card, and the ultimate prize, was Tsunami. The computer had only given 
even odds that she would appear to take some role. She must, if Tomokon was to 
receive his reward.

The console beeped for attention. It was the officer of the deck.

"Sir, sensors detect a Galaxy Police cruiser approaching. It classifies as 
Yagami."

"I'll be right there." Tomokon lurched of his bed and headed to the bridge.



"They've seen us," Kaji reported. He was flying casually towards the giant Jurai 
battleship Senzo on a standard approach vector. Almost immediately, they were 
hailed.

"Galaxy Police vessel, you are violating a Juraian military security perimeter, 
please hold your position and state the nature of your business."

Kaji brought Yagami to a stand still while Tenchi keyed the console.

"This is Ambassador Masaki. I request permission to come aboard. Galaxy Police 
has made an official request for liaison with Jurai Military Intelligence 
regarding an investigation they are pursuing."

There was silence for a while, then, a heavy jowled man appeared in the viewer, 
scowling.

"Ambassador, this is highly irregular. We had no advance warning that you were 
coming. I must insist that you go back and apply through channels."

"Commander Tomokon, I presume? Look, you and I both know this case involves a 
missing person, namely my wife. I am stunned by your lack of cooperation. 
Please, allow us to come aboard."

"Request denied, Ambassador, goodbye." Tomokon cut the connection.

"How rude," Washu commented.

"One second," Tenchi said dialing up another connection on the communications 
viewer.

Empress Ayeka must have been expecting the call because she appeared almost 
immediately.

"Hello, Ambassador, how can I be of assistance?"

"Hello, Your Highness. I am sorry to bother you, but I seem to be having trouble 
with one your military commanders."

"Let me guess, Tomokon, right?" Ayeka nodded. "A very rude individual. I don't 
think he approves of my reign. Some people are like that, self-righteously 
believing the can disobey rules they don't agree with. Very well, Tenchi, I'll 
deal with it."

Ayeka disappeared. Tenchi mentally envisioned her calling Tomokon and politely 
reminding him that he served the Jurai Royal family and not the other way 
around.

At the end of Tenchi's imagined conversation, the viewer reactivated and 
Tomokon's ugly face appeared. He didn't like at all angry, though. In fact, he 
looked as if he had won some kind of battle.

"Ambassador, you may come aboard now. I'm glad we are both aware of our 
respective chains of commands. It will make for more clear communications." 

"I agree, especially since both chains of command end at the same place. Of 
course, my chain of command is much shorter than yours, but I hope that won't 
make you uncomfortable."

Tomokon seemed unable to disguise his hatred for Tenchi and hung up without 
answering.

"So, that was what it was all about. He wants to know that anytime he feels like 
it, he will refuse our requests and I will be forced to go to Ayeka for every 
little thing."

"I don't like him," Mihoshi said.

Kaji brought Yagami along side of Senzo and extended the docking tube. Once 
secured and pressurized, Tenchi, Kaji, Kiyone and Washu all went down. Ryeka 
accompanied her father, but only to the edge of the ramp. There, she looked 
around the docking area, kissed him and ran back up the ship to where Mihoshi 
was waiting for her. Yagami's docking tube retracted and a Juraian crewman 
sealed the port.

In the docking area, there were four armed guards and Commander Tomokon. 

"This is quite a reception for a representative of your own government, 
Commander," Tenchi said coolly.

"The reception is for the criminal Washu, Ambassador, and I'll thank you to keep 
your opinions of my decisions to yourself while you are on my ship, however 
briefly." 

Tenchi was surprised at the venom of his words. Although many in the Jurai 
military considered Tenchi only marginally a Juraian, and disapproved of his 
wife, most of the other officers he had met in his term as ambassador had been 
very polite to him. Tomokon, however seemed to delight in sniping at him.

"Of course, Commander," Tenchi said conciliatorily "I recognize your right to 
run your ship as you see fit. I am grateful that you took the time to meet with 
me."

"Very well, Ambassador, this way." Tomokon turned and led the way out of the 
room. 

The group traveled down some corridors and entered into a lavish conference 
room. Tomokon motioned to some chairs and seated himself first at the head of 
the table.

"What is this all about? We received a request from Galaxy Police for 
information from our intelligence sweeps and we have already replied that we 
found nothing unusual."

"Since you were most certainly surveiling the ambassador's wife, didn't you 
think it unusual when she vanished?" Kiyone challenged.

Tomokon scowled. "Naturally, but since our purpose was only to observe, we took 
no action. Our review of the data showed no trace of where she went or how."

"I don't suppose we could view the data." Tenchi inquired.

"Absolutely not," Tomokon shook his head. "Our collection methods must not be 
compromised. Even if you went to the Empress, I would have the Supreme Military 
Council intercede to prevent this. I'm sorry, you just have to trust us when we 
say we know nothing more than you."

Tomokon smiled. He looked a bit like a fat cat watching a canary. Washu cleared 
her voice.

"Ah, commander, we have filtered our own data and we found some interesting 
readings." Washu slid a data crystal across the table. Tomokon didn't even look 
at it. Washu continued. "Perhaps if you cross reference it with your data, you 
might find something you missed."

Tomokon glared at Washu with evident hatred. After a few seconds he answered.

"It would be unlikely."

"Humor us, Commander," Tenchi said placidly. "Surely not even the Supreme 
Council would object to getting their hands on any of Professor Washu's 
research."

Tomokon knew he was boxed in and he didn't like it. He swiped up the crystal and 
stood.

"Fine! Stay here, this won't take long."

He left the room.



In the empty docking area where Yagami's landing tube had been, the air 
shimmered and Ryeka and Ryo-ohki materialized, holding hands.

"Good job, Ryeka, now go back to the ship."

"No," Ryeka said stubbornly. "You may need me. I'm not a defenseless little 
girl, I can help you."

Ryo-ohki knew what it was like to want to prove one's worth, so she relented. 
Besides, Ryeka had a point. She could teleport and Ryo-ohki couldn't. 

"Alright, but stay behind me." 

Ryo-ohki and Ryeka peeked out the door. The corridor was empty in both 
directions. Ryo-ohki stepped back and closed her eyes. Ryeka watched as Ryo-
ohki's fur slowly changed color. It was growing shorter and turning to a light 
peach color. As the color changed, the hairs began to thin and lay down. The 
hair on Ryo-ohki's head turned darker, almost black. Her black scarves expanded 
and seemed to ooze out over the surface of her skin, forming the high-necked 
blouse of a Juraian military uniform.  The fur on her legs seemed to flatten and 
merge, forming trousers. The ankle length cloth boots stretched up and took on a 
slight sheen, mimicking polished military boots. Ryo-ohki opened her eyes and 
breathed slightly heavily from the concentration. At first glance from a 
distance, she would pass as human or Juraian, but anyone who got within five or 
six feet would probably notice the fur. 

"Wow," Ryeka breathed, "I wish I could do that."

Ryo-ohki flashed her fangs in a smile. "Yeah, it's great at parties, no come 
on."

The two went out into the hallway, and began walking. Ryo-ohki had no idea 
whether or not there were other children on board, but it was possible. Juraian 
ships occasionally transported diplomats and their families. Fortunately, Ryeka 
happened to be wearing one Sasami's old outfits that day and would pass for a 
diplomat's child. They were a little out of vogue but, hopefully, it would 
defray suspicion long enough. Ryo-ohki had memorized a schematic of Senzo that 
Washu had hacked from the Juraian central computer. Ryo-ohki knew her way around 
Juraian warships well enough, but each was hand crafted by masters, so each was 
subtly different. It was guessed that any prisoners would be held aft, in a 
converted cargo space. 

"Do you think we'll find Mommy there?" Ryeka asked.

"I don't know. Washu scanned as far as she could on Earth and the Solar System, 
and this ship was the only one that returned a similar reading to the crystal we 
found. But, this ship is heavily shielded, it could have been an anomalous 
reading of the ship's Juraian tree core." 

Ryo-ohki didn't want to get Ryeka's hopes up. Ryeka was a sweet kid, and Ryo-
ohki was going to hate dropping the bomb that they wouldn't be taking Ryoko with 
them even if they did find her.



In Senzo's Combat Information Center, Tomokon poured over the contents of the 
disk Washu had given him.  He had decided it would be necessary to let the 
little group on board, and the scene with Ayeka had only lent the charade 
authenticity. He hadn't counted on Washu giving him a disc that would probably 
tell him everything he wanted to know about their abilities. Was this the act of 
the greatest scientific genius in the Universe?

Tomokon's computer specialist put the data into the computer and ran a 
simulation.

"There is a 3 percent chance they were able to detect the prisoner based on this 
data, Sir." the technician provided.

"Hmmmm," Tomokon thought. "Do a complete search of the surrounding space and 
Earth using the parameter's that Professor Washu provided."

"Sir?" the technician was confused. "What are we searching for?"

Tomokon glared at the tech. "Nothing, you imbecile. Washu wants us to scan for 
Ryoko, so we'll scan. It will make them doubt their conclusions."

He left to return to the conference room. He dismissed the guards so that he 
would appear conciliatory, like a snake that smiles just before it strikes. But, 
who was the snake, he wondered, and who was the mouse? Washu really was a genius 
and she was the most dangerous opponent of the lot.  The Ambassador, for all his 
fantastic power, was an Earthling, and given to sentiment. All available 
intelligence on him indicated that he would be slow to act, preferring to try to 
talk his way through situations. Plus, he was only forty or so Earth years old, 
and Tomokon doubted that he had even come close to mastering the fantastic Jurai 
power that it took Juraian monarchs centuries to be able to control. 

But, Washu ... there was a dangerous animal, always plotting, always conniving. 
If she wanted him to know she could find Ryoko, then she wanted him to know she 
had already found Ryoko.



"I wanted him to know that I had already found Ryoko." Washu was explaining to 
Tenchi while they waited for Tomokon to return.

"Doesn't that give away an edge?" Tenchi asked, gravely. Kiyone raised an 
eyebrow and waited for Washu's response.

"Tomokon is an idiot," Washu whispered conspiratorially. "No way he came up with 
the crystal and the plan to capture Ryoko on his own. Someone is running him. I 
want to disrupt his plans, to force him to call for instructions. I set the 
sensors in my lab to record all emissions from Senzo as soon as I pinpointed 
Ryoko. If he calls out, we should be able to trace the transmission and find out 
who is really in charge."

"I see," Tenchi said. 

Just then Tomokon entered.

"I have passed your data to my computer technicians and asked them to scan our 
recorded data, as well as to use Senzo's superior sensors to re-scan this area 
of space. It will take some time, but if we find anything, we'll let you know."

Tenchi and the others stood. "Thank you, Commander, that is most gracious of 
you."

"If you'll follow me, I escort you back to the docking bay." Tomokon led the way 
out and back to the docking bay where Kiyone signaled Mihoshi to bring Yagami 
back along side to extend the docking tube. Once they were gone, Tomokon stood, 
frowning, not leaving the area.

Why had Washu wanted him to know she had found Ryoko? It would focus Tomokon's 
attention on Washu as the greatest threat. Why did Washu want to draw attention 
to herself? She had worked in secrecy for centuries. Unless ... she was trying 
to deflect attention from someone else!

Tomokon started. That was it! He keyed the communications panel on the wall.

"Security, this is Tomokon. We have intruders on board. Find them and apprehend 
them."
