Copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson, All existing Tenchi characters are copyright 
Pioneer AIC. The character Ryeka is copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson (me)

Disclaimer - Look, it's fan fic, so don't get bent out of shape. I thought up 
this idea a while ago, so I'm unabashedly pirating the Tenchi universe and 
bending it to my own nefarious purposes. I haven't read the millions of lines of 
existing fan fic, so I can't say for sure that no one else has written this 
story line, but if so, well great minds and all that. I am sure that if Pioneer 
and company refrains from suing me, so should you. Besides, I wouldn't be 
listening anyways, la la la.... 

This fic is posted in its entirety at http://www.viciousbunny.net/

-------------------------------------------------------------

Thicker than Blood
Chapter 2

Ryo-ohki silently padded along the dim corridors of the Jurai Royal Palace. 
Lithe and lethal, her dark brown fur blended in with the shadows. Loose black 
scarves wrapped around her chest and waist, creating the illusion of clothing so 
as not to offend the prudish Juraian attendees who infected Empress's court. In 
point of fact, the scarves weren't clothes at all, but an extension of Ryo-
ohki's own polymorphic body. Able to transform at will, Ryo-ohki could become a 
deadly spaceship, or a harmless cabbit, or the beautiful, slender being that she 
presently exhibited. In fact, Ryo-ohki had discovered that, with practice, she 
could morph into just about anything. But it took time to learn to "be" things. 
Having been originally designed (and programmed, she thought sullenly) to be a 
warship, it had taken her decades to learn to be a "person".

She was on her way now to see the person who had helped her and guided her along 
that difficult path. The Empress had taken Ryo-ohki in when they both felt 
abandoned by everyone else, and now that Ryo-ohki was a fully sentient, 
independent being, she willingly served as a 'special' assistant to the Empress, 
devoting her life and power to Her Highness's well being.

Outside the Empress's private chambers, the Empress's bodyguards snapped to 
attention and saluted Ryo-ohki. Although many Juraians clung spitefully to the 
memories of an earlier Ryo-ohki's devastating attacks on the planet and treated 
her with fear and suspicion, these two ancient warriors knew better. They had 
fought side by side with Ryo-ohki in battle and in politics on the Empress's 
behalf.

"Good evening, Lady Ryo-ohki," Asaka greeted her, "It is very late for you to be 
working."

"Good evening to you, Sir Asaka, Sir Kamadake," Ryo-ohki purred back to them. 
These two were nearly as timeless as the Jurai power itself, sworn to defend the 
crown whenever called upon. Three times since being resurrected twenty-five 
years ago, they had been called into action. In the interim periods of quiet, 
they had graciously trained Ryo-ohki on humanoid style fighting techniques. 
These had proven useful from time to time when it wasn't politically convenient 
to transform into a giant spaceship and blast the Empress's detractors.

"I have an important message for Her Highness." Ryo-ohki smiled as she phased 
through the locked doors instead of opening them. "Bye-yee."

The two samurai silently thought to themselves the same thought. They were glad 
Ryo-ohki served the Empress, instead of opposing her. It would not be possible 
to protect against such a versatile and powerful assassin.

The Royal bedchambers were pitch black, but Ryo-ohki's eyes could see in 
wavelengths that few sensors could detect. A fountain of water trickled off to 
the side, and the ceiling was a high transparent dome that showed off the 
brilliant starry night sky. Ryo-ohki slid silently over to the canopied bed and 
crawled up onto it. Lying down next to the Empress, Ryo-ohki stared at her 
sleeping face.  Though young by Juraian standards, twenty years of ruling the 
fractious nation had taken their toll. A single wrinkle had started to form on 
either side of her eyes, and her long silky hair hid a gray strand or two. But 
no amount of hardship had dulled her beauty or her wits.  Ryo-ohki reached out 
and gently caressed the Empress's cheek with the soft fur on the back of her 
hand. She could sense that the Empress knew she was there and was coming out of 
her slumber.

"Ayeka," Ryo-ohki whispered.

Empress Ayeka's eyes fluttered and opened. Her own eyes couldn't visually make 
out the details of her close friend and confidant, but she had been awakened in 
this fashion often enough to know who was there. And she was that certain 
whatever the urgent matter that required her personal attention, Ryo-ohki was 
probably already planning how to deal with it. Ayeka yawned and flexed just a 
little, drawing the warm bedclothes around her.

"It must be early," she mumbled sleepily, "what on Earth could be the matter."

"It's funny that you should use that particular provincial phrase," Ryo-ohki 
replied, sitting up cross-legged on the bed. She had pre-programmed the lights 
to come up slowly and they were already dimly starting to show. "Ambassador 
Masaki is on the line. He wanted to be the one to tell you first, but I suspect 
that something has happened to Ryoko there. Something unpleasant."

Ayeka was long over the grudges that would have required her to say something 
like 'Anything that involves THAT woman MUST be unpleasant.' Still, she smiled 
faintly as she entertained the thought.  The best thing about her childhood 
rivalry with Ryoko was that she never had any doubt where she stood with the 
demon. It wasn't at all like the daily political battles that Ayeka now fought.

Sitting up, the Empress dropped her legs over the side of the bed and slid her 
feet into waiting slippers. Ryo-ohki was already waiting with a robe. The two 
unlocked the doors and moved out past Asaka and Kamadake. Kamadake joined in to 
follow the Empress while Asaka remained to guard the empty bedchamber. Down the 
hall a short distance was the Empress's private communications room. Ayeka 
purposely didn't keep any comlinks in her bedchambers. She would never get any 
sleep that way. Indeed, her console showed several hundred messages waiting for 
attention. Ignoring these, she activated the "communication waiting" indicator, 
and looked up to the materializing face of the ambassador.

It was a shame, she reflected, that Juraians choose not to age. If Tenchi had 
been boyishly attractive in his youth, he was astoundingly handsome in middle 
age. His black hair was neatly cropped short in the style of an Earthling 
businessman. Silver bands drew back from the sides, above his ears. His face had 
lengthened, his strong cheekbones more prominent now, and a neatly trimmed 
moustache rode his lip. Kindly laugh wrinkles danced at the corners of his eyes, 
though he wasn't laughing now. How much he looks like Noboyuki, and like dear 
Yosho, Ayeka thought.

"Ambassador," Ayeka said, regally. "I am always at your service."

"Empress," Tenchi replied, deep worry showing plainly in his eyes, "I beg your 
pardon for disturbing you at this late hour. However, something terrible has 
happened here. I believe Ryoko has disappeared."

Ayeka scratched her ear thoughtfully before replying. She had learned that 
pausing slightly before replying assured others that their words were being 
carefully considered.

"Given that we are discussing Ryoko," she replied finally, with a straight face, 
"I am afraid you'll have to be more specific, Tenchi. I have always considered 
'disappearing' to be one of her more endearing traits."

"Oh, Ayeka," he sighed. Tears welled up in his eyes, but in relief.

The tension seemed to vanish from Tenchi all at once. Ayeka's little jest had 
broken his debilitating mental cycle of worry and panic. At once, Tenchi felt 
less alone.

"There, there, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka soothed him. It scared her to see him so 
affected, but years of being a monarch had taught her when it was important to 
put up a brave face. "Tell me all about it."

Tenchi relayed the story how his daughter had run to him crying hysterically 
after being unable to find Ryoko either physically or telepathically. They had 
searched the woods again until late into the night. The next day, the 
terrestrial law enforcement was called in and they searched as well, but to no 
avail.

"Earth space tracking showed no unusual traffic in the area. The Juraian 
detachment to the planet reported nothing out of the ordinary during their 
patrols that day. Even Washu's scans found nothing except for our own energy 
signatures, and the Jurai power that emanates from myself, Ryeka and Funaho. We 
have no idea where Ryoko is or how she is."

Ayeka listened thoughtfully to the tale. Ryoko, for all her faults, had been an 
exceptionally good mother to Ryeka, and much as it had once pained Ayeka to 
admit it, just as good a wife to Tenchi. Her disappearance certainly seemed out 
of the ordinary to anyone who knew her.

"You have people searching still?" Ayeka asked.

"Of course. The embassy guards are here and are searching the entire estate with 
a fine toothed comb."

"Good," Ayeka said sternly, "Then there is no need for you to remain awake. Get 
some sleep, Tenchi, you look terrible. I'll discuss this matter with Ryo-ohki 
and one of us will contact you in ten or twelve hours."

Tenchi nodded wearily, happy to share his burden with someone else.

"Give my love to Ryeka," Ayeka finished. "And, tell her that we will find Ryoko. 
Good night."

Ayeka closed the transmission. She sat silently for a moment, digesting the 
conversation.

"Thank you, Kamadake, that will be all."

After Kamadake left, Ayeka consulted Ryo-ohki.

"What do you think?"

"I think even casual consideration will reveal that the Jurai Military is 
holding back. One of the reasons they patrol the Terran system is to keep tabs 
on Ryoko. Some elements have never given over to trusting her. For them to 
report nothing out of the ordinary is strange since the moment she vanished from 
their sensors, they should have raised an alarm."

"That is certainly true," Ayeka agreed. "We must be prepared for that issue when 
it comes up. In the mean time, I want you to go to Earth to be with Tenchi and 
see what you can find out. On your way, research all of the space traffic that 
has passed through the Solar System recently. Find out who was there and where 
their loyalties lie. And, please try not to antagonize the military. They don't 
like you any more than they liked Ryoko."

Ryo-ohki nodded.

"I have already processed your first request. Ten spaceships have arrived or 
left Earth during and since the approximate time of the incident. Of those ten, 
five are regular shuttles to and from Earth's colonies inside the Solar System. 
All passengers were easily verifiable, and most were regular travelers with 
normal histories of traveling to and from Earth. Two ships were passenger liners 
on regular routes. I checked their passenger and cargo manifests. Nothing seemed 
out of the ordinary, but it would be best to get spies aboard the ships to check 
them out. The other three ships were all Juraian military vessels. One was a 
supply ship on a regular run. The other two are a heavy cruiser and a battleship 
on regular assignment to that patrol. It seems a little heavy for the Earth 
patrol, but not unprecedented.

"As for your second request," Ryo-ohki's lips twisted into a cruel smile, 
revealing a hint of her sharp fangs, "well, you know I always act with utmost 
discretion around the military. I'll leave at once."

Ayeka nodded. "See to it."

"Yes, Empress," Ryo-ohki replied. 

Ryo-ohki bowed and left. As always, Ayeka felt immediately diminished whenever 
she wasn't around. Ayeka depended on her so much.  

Ayeka tapped her pursed lips with her finger. She had to decide what to do next, 
and two decades in the limelight had taught her always to proceed with caution. 
This was a case where a public official's family member had vanished. Despite 
the close family connection Ayeka had with them, she might have to treat it 
strictly as an official matter. If she took to much action behind the scenes and 
it came out later, and it always did come out later, it would appear that she 
had used undue influence. Ultimately, she decided that the best thing to do 
would be to report the matter to the Galaxy Police. That way, everything would 
be above board. 

Although a regent normally would have an aide make the report through channels, 
Ayeka felt her reputation would survive if she did it herself. She placed a call 
to the head of Galaxy Police.

"High Commissioner Kiyone, please," Ayeka asked in her best royal voice. "This 
is the Empress of Jurai, and no, I don't want to hold."

The call was routed immediately to the Commissioner's office. Kiyone's face 
appeared in the console viewer.

"Good morning, Empress, how can the Galaxy Police be of service?" Kiyone's voice 
was polite, and official. One never could be sure what Ayeka wanted when she 
called, so it was best to start formal and let the Empress decide to make things 
casual if she wanted. In this case it turned out to be very official.

"Commissioner, I wish to report the disappearance of the wife of the Jurai 
Ambassador on Earth."

"Ryoko?" Kiyone was momentarily skeptical, though only for a moment. "Of course 
we will look into it. Have the local authorities been notified?"

"Yes," Ayeka said in her best 'don't patronize me' voice. "They are already on 
it. However, despite the diplomatic status of the missing person, Earth is GP 
jurisdiction. Jurai expects the fine officers of the Galaxy Police to take a 
firm hand in the investigation."

"As you wish, Empress," Kiyone tried to feel out Ayeka a little, "Will there be 
... ah ... should we expect your continued interest, then, your Highness?"

"Yes, Kiyone," Ayeka allowed the tone to ease slightly, "I will be doing 
everything I can from my end. I just wanted the request firmly on the record."

"Very well," Kiyone allowed a slight smile, "I will take a personal interest in 
the matter and see to it that top personnel are assigned."

"Excellent. I know I can depend on you," Ayeka lifted her chin. "Jurai out." She 
closed the connection.

Ayeka then browsed her contact files and punched up the information on the 
captain of the Jurai battleship currently in Earth orbit. She paused for a 
minute more, weighing the risk of situation. Calling the captain directly was a 
breach of chain of command and would ruffle feathers in the Supreme Council.  
Also, making the call would leave a clear trail back to Ayeka if something went 
disastrously wrong. 

One of the most frustrating things about being a politician was that you had no 
way of knowing what innocent action would come back and bite you in the rear 
later on. 

"Oh, hell," Ayeka grumbled. "It's a perfectly justifiable situation."

So, she made the call.
