Copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson, All existing Tenchi characters are copyright 
Pioneer AIC. The character Ryeka is copyright 2002 by Steve Robinson (me)


Disclaimer - Look, it's a fan fic, so don't get bent out of shape. I thought up 
this idea a while ago, so I'm unabashedly pirating the Tenchi universe and 
bending it to my own nefarious purposes. I haven't read the millions of lines of 
existing a fan fic, so I can't say for sure that no one else has written this 
story line, but if so, well great minds and all that. I am sure that if Pioneer 
and company refrains from suing me, so should you. Besides, I wouldn't be 
listening anyways, la la la.... 

This fic is posted in its entirety at http://www.viciousbunny.net/

-------------------------------------------------------------

Thicker than Blood
Chapter 12

Kaji adjusted Yagami's heading slightly. The new heading had them drifting 
towards a very large asteroid. Yagami straightened out and seemed to pause in 
space for a moment, then a brilliant purple shaft of light exploded from the 
front of the aging police cruiser. The beam lashed out across the asteroid from 
top to bottom in the blink of an eye, then the beam vanished. The asteroid 
started to vent steam and gases along the line that the purple beam had cut, 
then abruptly, the asteroid spit into two halves, pushed apart for a moment by 
the release of the gases. 

"I can't believe the power of that particle cannon. Where did you get it?" Kaji 
asked, as excited as a little boy in a toy store as he tested some of the newly 
installed systems.

"It was a Christmas gift from Washu, along with the jammers and the holographic 
clones and most of the other stuff."

"Two questions, Commissioner. What's 'krissmass' and does Washu usually give out 
deadly super weapons as gifts?"

"Two answers, it's like Juraian Startica, and yes. It seems Washu has some 
obsessive compulsive desire to make weapons. Most of the stuff she gives me as 
presents goes into a heavily guarded bunker. However, I felt that a few of the 
items would be useful for this little trip. Did you know I have coffee maker 
that doubles as a matter annihilation device?"

"Ah, um, that wasn't one of the things that Mihoshi installed was it?" Kaji 
played with the console a little more. A light flashed for attention.

"No, I gave up drinking coffee shortly after that."

"Commissioner, we have an contact approaching at high speed. It's Ryo-ohki." 
Kaji looked up. "The improved scanners show that the Empress is on board, but no 
indication of Tsunami."

The command console beeped for attention. Kiyone keyed it and Ayeka's face 
appeared.

"Good day, Commissioner Kiyone. I trust everything is in readiness?" Ayeka 
asked.

"Yes, your highness. You are welcome to come aboard at your leisure. I look 
forward to seeing you again in person, it has been years."

"Yes, of course. We will rendezvous with you in ten minutes."

The screen went blank.

"That was abrupt." Kaji noted.

"She probably didn't want too much said on an open wavelength. Since Jurai 
military elements are involved, they probably routinely eavesdrop on Ayeka's 
communications. I know I would."

They watched out the window as the shining speck that was Ryo-ohki approached 
and became recognizable. Ryo-ohki pulled along side of Yagami, matched speed and 
then slowly phased into it. 

By the time Kiyone and Kaji reached the common area, Ayeka and Ryo-ohki had 
arrived and were seated on a broad sofa. Ryeka had woken up, though perhaps she 
had never been asleep, and was sitting in Ryo-ohki's lap, pretending to be 
asleep so she wouldn't have to move. Kiyone and Kaji pulled a couple of soft 
chairs over and sat down opposite Ayeka.

"Well, Kiyone," Ayeka began. "You have been very busy over the last thirty-six 
hours. Yagami seems to have grown some impressive armaments."

"It was Noboyuki and Mihoshi's hard word. I gave them some of Washu's little 
toys and had them installed."

"Where are Noboyuki and Mihoshi?" Ryo-ohki asked, looking around.

"They didn't want to come," Ryeka said, not opening her eyes.

"Half true," Kiyone said. "The wanted to come but felt they would be in the 
way."

Ryo-ohki prodded Ryeka. "You could have stayed behind, too. It would have been 
safer."

"Never," was the only reply Ryeka gave.

"Actually, it's fortunate that you are here, my dear. You see my plan..." Ayeka 
started.

"Before that, Empress, may I ask if you were successful in finding Tsunami? I 
notice she didn't come back with you." Kaji inquired abruptly.

"Yes, young man, of course I was successful," Ayeka replied a little frostily. 
"But, since the plan involves her surprise appearance, it didn't seem wise to be 
seen traveling together. She will appear at the appointed time. Now, please 
don't interrupt while I explain a slight change to the plan. It was Sasami's 
idea, and it is quite clever..."



Two hours later in Earth orbit, Tomokon was summoned to the bridge.

"Sir, two vessels approaching. They are jamming us, but I am certain that one of 
the vessels is Ryo-ohki. The other matches the old GP cruiser that attacked us a 
few days ago."

Tomokon took his command seat and arched his fingers. 

"Any sign of any other vessel?" he demanded.

The sensor operators twisted their knobs and pushed some buttons. Finally they 
answered.

"No, sir. Nothing else registers."

"Could the jamming be hiding another ship, a much larger ship?" Tomokon asked 
carefully. Whether or not Tsunami was out there would affect his decisions.

Again the sensor operator answered. "No, sir. Our counter measures are nulling 
out the jamming. There are only the two vessels. They are four hundred thousand 
kilometers away and closing rapidly. Time to contact is twenty minutes at this 
rate."

"Have five of the smaller ships fly out to intercept them." Tomokon thought it 
unlikely that just two ships, even if one was the infamous Ryo-ohki, would 
assault the fleet alone. Still, better safe than sorry.

"Have the cruisers Toi Shima and Ke Ghare take up positions on our flanks. And, 
keep scanning all sectors for any other ships."

Five Juraian frigate class warships accelerated away from the orbiting fleet 
above Earth and blazed out to intercept the incoming ships. The captain of the 
lead vessel broadcast a warning as soon as they got close.

"Incoming vessels. You have been identified as hostile. You are ordered to halt 
and prepare to be boarded."

In response the former Galaxy Police cruiser emitted a bright purple beam of 
energy. The beam splashed against the lead frigates shields and overloaded them. 
The beam continued through the shields unabated and burned a clean hole through 
the frigate, destroying the engines as it came out the other side. The frigate 
listed in space, small fires ignited by the intense heat of the beam were 
blistering it's hull. 

The remaining frigates immediately opened fire with their blast cannons.



On board Yagami, Kiyone and Kaji were elated.

"Yee-ha! Take that," Kiyone gloated as she weaved the ship in and out among the 
incoming blaster fire. "What a weapon! Good old Washu! How long till it 
recharges?"

"Ten seconds!" Kaji responded. "I'm opening fire with conventional weapons until 
it does."

Beside Yagami, Ryo-ohki also pin-wheeled around the incoming fire.

"Return fire, Ryo-ohki," Ayeka commanded. Ryeka held on the arm of the pilot's 
chair to keep from falling off balance.

"Right!" Ryo-ohki began blazing away at the rapidly approaching frigates. 

Less powerful than Yagami's particle cannon, Ryo-ohki nevertheless sliced away 
at the enemy, spreading havoc and debris wherever she struck. Yagami's particle 
cannon fired again. This time, the commander of the frigate that was hit must 
have boosted his shields because the beam was nearly absorbed. However, the 
strain must have burned out the frigate's power core, because the ship suddenly 
went dark, and all of it's weapons ceased firing.

The remaining three frigates fixed their weapons on Yagami, which gave Ryo-ohki 
a chance to make a pass over one of them, destroying the sensor array. 

"Yagami this is Ryo-ohki." Ayeka's voice came over the communications system. 
"Fly straight past them, don't continue to engage!"

"Confirmed."

The two ships streaked past the burning frigates, which turned too slowly to 
catch them.



"They're heading straight for us!" the XO gasped.

Tomokon silenced him.

"Get back to your post. Communications officer, order Toi Shima and Ke Ghare to 
move between those ships and Senzo. All ships are to fire as their weapons 
bear!"

The two Juraian heavy cruisers slowly moved to block the attacking ships' 
approach to Senzo.  A few other ships sporadically fired, but their positions in 
Earth's orbit prevented most of them from shooting.

Toi Shima opened fire first on Yagami. The powerful main gun sent an enormous 
white blast of energy out into space at the incoming ship. The shield deflected 
most of the blast, but Yagami spun out of control for a moment.

"Evasive maneuvers, now!" Kaji yelled.

Kiyone needed no urging. She spun and jinked Yagami through turns and rolls that 
made the aging hull groan in protest.

"Target the main gun!" She ordered.

Kaji fired the particle cannon as ordered. He was rewarded by the sight of Toi 
Shima's bow disintegrating in a flash of an explosion. However, the rest of the 
Juraian warship's ordinance was still functioning, as was the main gun on Ke 
Ghare.

Ayeka appeared on the communications console. 

"We can't sustain an attack on the cruisers. Full speed between them, use the 
pattern of maneuvers that Ryo-ohki gave you to try to evade their fire. Continue 
straight towards Senzo!"

The two ships sped up to barely sub light speeds and raced through a gauntlet of 
fire between the heavy cruisers. Thanks to complex maneuvers executed by Ryo-
ohki and Yagami, most of the Juraians' fire hit each other and missed the 
smaller ships.

Some hits were scored, however, and Yagami began to trail smoke. The two ships 
altered course and headed straight towards Senzo's bridge.



"They're going to ram us! Raise shields! Ahhhh!" Tomokon and most of the bridge 
crew shielded their eyes as the combined fire of the attacking ships splashed 
through the shields and against the hull around the bridge.

After they passed by Tomokon regained control of his crew.

"Reacquired them! Where are they?"

"They passed below us and to port, sir! We have them in our sights."

"Show me!" Tomokon snarled.

An image appeared on the large view screen at the front of the bridge. Yagami 
and Ryo-ohki were turning in formation, coming around for another run. Yagami 
was now trailing smoke quite badly. Ryo-ohki seemed in perfect fighting 
condition. That would change now, Tomokon thought to himself.

"Concentrate all fire on Ryo-ohki! Destroy that ship!"

A blaze of fire erupted from Senzo's lateral gun ports. The blasts converged on 
Ryoko... only to pass straight through the small warship!

"Wha..?" Tomokon's lips flapped slightly as he watched a completely unharmed 
Ryo-ohki continue it's turn towards Senzo, still in perfect formation with 
Yagami. In fact, Tomokon realized, the formation was too perfect. Impossibly, 
Ryo-ohki moved in perfect synchronization with Yagami.

"Blast! It's a holographic projection! Fire on Yagami, and reacquire Ryo-ohki!"

Laser fire lanced out washing over Yagami. Yagami's shields collapsed and the 
holographic decoy of Ryo-ohki disappeared.



"Aaahhhh!" Kiyone and Kaji screamed in unison as Yagami spun out of control. 

"We are entering the atmosphere! We have to eject!" Kaji yelled over the noise 
of the rapidly disintegrating Yagami.

"Mihoshi should have been here!" Kiyone yelled back as she entered the ejection 
command codes. "Nobody executes a perfect crash landing like Mihoshi!"

The cockpit door closed and explosive bolts blasted the nose section off of the 
Yagami's main body. The nose section deployed braking chutes as it plunged down 
into Earths atmosphere. The main part of Yagami left a long streaking tail of 
fire as it burned up and was vaporized.



"Yagami has been destroyed, sir. The pilots ejected, shall we shoot them down?"

"Let them go," Tomoko ordered. "Where is the real Ryo-ohki?"

"I-i-it's gone, sir," the nervous sensor operator stuttered. "Ryo-ohki does not 
appear on any of the sensors within a half a million kilometers."

Tomokon stared incredulously, then shouted. "Adjust for internal scan!"

Then he punched his armrest intercom. "Security! Intruder alert!"



Ryo-ohki, Ayeka and Ryeka materialized in the docking station where they Yagami 
had docked before. When they had passed below Senzo, Yagami had activated the 
holographic decoy. Ryo-ohki had transformed into her humanoid form while Ayeka 
had used her power to maintain a shielded bubble of atmosphere around them. 
Then, holding hands, Ryeka teleported them to the docking port, just as she had 
done before with Ryo-ohki.

"Like clockwork, well done." Ayeka praised her. 

Ayeka created a small ball of light in her hands, and then allowed the ball to 
grow and pass over her body. Her royal robes melted away and were replaced with 
the more practical fighting uniform of a Jurai warrior. Similarly, Ryo-ohki 
rippled her fur to darken and added Jurai battle stripes. Her scarves melted 
away, leaving her lithe, firm figure covered only by her fur. For effect, she 
extended claws from her hands and feet, and fangs from her teeth.

Ryeka watched them transform. She had seen her mother and father go through the 
same transformation sometimes while practicing ritual combat, but they had never 
told her how or why to do it herself. She closed her eyes.

Her kimono slipped away out of existence and a black film spread from her hands 
over her body. The film changed to emerald green as it spread down her chest and 
asymmetrical tiger stripes appeared on her legs and arms. She allowed one third 
of her face to color pitch black like she had seen her mother do once, and 
around her other eye, she formed a modified version of the stripes that appeared 
on her father's forehead when he transformed into his highest state of power.

"Nice outfit," Ryo-ohki complimented. "I have to meet your tailor."

"She's right this way," Ryeka said grimly.

Scooping a handful of energy out of the air, Ryeka blasted the inner door of the 
docking station away. The three raced down the corridor towards the cargo hold.



"Sir, intruders heading towards the cargo hold! It's Ryo-ohki, Empress Ayeka and 
the child!"

"Send security to capture them. I'm on my way..."

"Wait!" the XO gripped his console. "Something is coming... it's coming out of 
trans-dimensional space!"

Tomokon froze where he was and stared out the large portals. Bright shafts of 
light were streaming from seemingly nowhere. Long, brilliantly white spines 
seemed to pierce reality and rippled into being. The spines were followed by the 
bow of an immense ship, both graceful and imposing at the same time. The arching 
beams and lines wove together in a heavenly beauty that was the inspiration for 
all of the Jurai spaceships that had followed. 

"Tsunami!" Tomokon gasped.

Even before completely reverting to real space, Tsunami began firing on the 
renegade fleet.
