Disclaimer: Hello, I do not own the characters on the Tenchi Muyo Show...
But if the people at Pioneer and AIC knew how much of a good writer I am,
they'd hire ME as a writter on their  show... =(^_^)=

The Thing That Wouldn't Leave !!!!

BY: James (Barn Baron) Padilla

Edited BY: GitaroMetalHead

___

Tenchi sighed as he gazed out the window only to see an endless and
continual
saga of stormy weather.  Ryouko and Ayeka weren't making it any easier
either.

"You over sexed insolent seed swallower!!"

"You flat chested Jurian jackass!"

Tenchi sighed again.  It was clearly obvious.  There was going to be a
battle. And according to the weather it looked like it was going to take
place INSIDE.

"Your just jealous because *YOU* know that me and Tenchi were meant to be
together, you've always known that , and you'll do anything you can to
get
your grubby, skanky, slutty, unroyal and unworthy hands on him!"

"Well your just jealous because *YOU* know that you'll never be able to
satisfy Tenchi like I can!"

After saying this, Ryouko glided over to Tenchi and started caressing him.

"Isn't that right my widdle Tenchi poo?" Said Ryouko in a seductive
voice.

Tenchi's nose began to bleed... "Er..r..m.mm, Uh-ah-I gotta go now
BYE!"
Tenchi said while running away.

"Satisfy!?" Fired Ayeka, glad to have any come back for Ryouko..."Just
because I don't spread my legs the first chance I can get, to any man, at
any
time, any place, doesn't mean that I don't have what it takes to satisfy
*MY* Tenchi!!!"

Ryouko paused.

"Oh look everybody, looks like the UNRUDE and definatly PRUDE,  PRINCESS
finally came up with a come back!"

An emerged energy bolt began to form as the two rivals stared eachother down

"Dinners ready everyone!" Interupted Sasami with a big grin on her face.

"If your boobs were as big as your ego was princess, then you MIGHT have a
sporting  chance to win Tenchi!"

Ayeka's face fell flat, her eye twitched with frustration...

Ayeka knew she had to say something back.  She never was one to give up a
fight that easily.

"Ryouko! You are...really.....really....really....

Ayeka was embarassed at not having anything to say...

....really.....really....

A sweat drop ran down Ayeka's face...

 *Come on Ayeka, think of something fast.  Anything... lets see, what is
Ryouko? She's, she's she's umm.... well, she's certainly not worthy
of my
Tenchi... NO! thats lame....*

...Really....really...really.... UGLY! You are UGLY Ryouko!" Ayeka said as
she gave herself a reassuring nod with her head.

Ryouko put her hand over her mouth... It was too much.. * Come on Ryouko,
spare the princess some dignity....She
thought...................................... NAW!*

"FFWWAAAHA, HA, HA, HA!!!!!"

Ryouko couldn't help it.

"Is that the best you (giggle) got? AAA hahahahahahaha!!!!! Ayeka, your
come
back was really.....really....really....really....LAME!!!!
AAAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

Ayeka ignored her and managed to walk gracefully to the dinning room table
where Sasami had a wonderful meal prepared.  Tenchi walked down stairs with
a
bloody tissue in his nose.  Ayeka and Ryouko looked at each other....

"Oh no, not this again," said Yosho with his hand over his forehead.

"Heh heh, I think it's funny Dad," said Nobuyuki smiling.

They both knew what was going to happen. In fact,  everyone knew what was
coming... It was more vicious then a battle... Ayeka began to sweat
profusely, followed by Ryouko.  Ryouko made a slight glance at Ayeka and
realized that Ayeka was making the same glance. They stared at each other...

Ayeka raised an eyebrow...

*Come on Ayeka, if you move quicker this time you can beat her to it.  No
its
no use, Ryouko moves much to quick, she'll surely get there before I do...
No, theres still a chance, perhaps she has forgotten, maybe she will take
just any old seat, the first seat she finds Heh heh, (Ayeka made a nervous
laugh) Come on Ayeka, do you really think she hasn't noticed it by now?
Well
all Im saying is that theres STILL a chance! *

Ryouko also raised an eyebrow...

*There is NO way Im gonna let some pompous, purple haird prick sit next to
MY
Tenchi...Thats right!*

The two rivals looked at eachother once more...

"TENCHI'S CHAIR!" said Ryouko and Ayeka in unison.

The two darted at full speed towards the destination...

"It happens every night..." said Washu with a sigh in her voice. "I
don't
know why they bother... Ive done enough tests to conclude that Tenchi is
officially Impotent."

Tenchi glanced at Washu...

"Washu, did you say something?" asked a completely unaware Tenchi.

"Heh, oh, heh heh I was just talkin to myself dear, Heh, heh." Washu
said
uncomfortably, still managing a smile.

"What the hell do they care if they get to sit next to Tenchi any way?
Always battling for that one seat next to where Tenchi sits every night."
said Kiyone...  "He seems gay if you ask me.."

Tenchi glanced at Kiyone.

"Kiyone, did you say my name or something? I thought I heard you say my
name..." Said Tenchi, still unaware.

Kiyone scratched the back of her head nervously...

"Oh, um... nothing Tenchi.." she too, smiled uncomfortably.

* come on Ayeka, your almost there! give it all you've got!!! Don't
bother
Ayeka, you know Ryouko's gonna get the seat.*

*Ive said it once and i'll say it again.. There is no way that pompous
purple
haird prick is gonna sit next to my Tenchi!!Thats right!!*

Ayeka was trailing behind Ryouko by a centimeter. Ryouko looked back and
smiled.

"Eat my dust!!! Hahaha!" said Ryouko, laughing at Ayeka starting to
trail
behind her.

"NOOOOO!!!!" screemed Ayeka, determined and angry at the same time.  She
pushed her self a little faster... A little more.... Just a little more, the
chair was now inches away and......

<SWOOSH!>

Ayeka sat in the chair first.

"YES!!" she screamed, victory was in the air! She finally beat Ryouko to
the
seat at wich her one and only love was about to sit.  Ayeka began to cry,
tears of victory, tears of triumph over evil!

"Ayeka, whats the matter?" asked a curious Mihoshi.

Ayeka began to get embarassed, her face turning completey bright red....

"UH.... heh, um, um, ONIONS! Thats right, onions, aheh heh" Ayeka
grabbed a
napkin and patted her head of the perspiration wich formed.

But something was odd... Ryouko didn't seem mad or dissapointed at all. In
fact she was smiling. Ayeka looked over and found Tenchi sitting in another
seat, followed by Ryouko next to her.

*Its okay Ayeka, maybe he just had to tell Ryouko something... He'll sit
right back down in his old seat like he always does... Where hes MEANT to
sit. (Ayeka reassured herself)  Fat chance! The one time you beat Ryouko to
the chair, Tenchi decides to sit somewhere else.. Just face the facts... Ya
snooze you loose!*

Ayeka slammed her fist on the table, making misao soup drip from all the
bowls onto the table.  Ryouko stuck her tounge out at Ayeka.

*Well Ayeka, it looks like your sittin alone tonight.. Yep, I actually agree
with your negative conscience on this one...*

"WHAT DO YOU KNOW ANY WAY!!!?" Ayeka yelled out loud at her positive and
negative inner voices, only to find everyone looking straight at her.
Ryouko
was silently laughing and pointing a finger at her.

Thats when the door bell rang....

"I'll get it!" Screamed a more then willing Sasami.

Everyone sat sat in silence...

Ryouko laughed... "Oh no, I wanted to get the door (Chuckle) Why does
Sasami
always get to do all the work?" Said Ryouko Sarcastically.

Sasami walked over to the door.  "Gee, who could be knocking on the door
at a
time like this?" She said.

Sasami opened the door and screamed at what she saw.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

HHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Screamed Sasami.

Tenchi and the whole gang sprung up immediatly.

"What was it Sasami!!!!???" Asked Yosho, ready to kill.

"It was, It was a..a....a........MONSTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Sasami ran
up
the stairs and slammed the door behing her.

Ryouko and Ayeka grabbed both Tenchis arms in fear.

"HA!  I'd find it very odd if Lord Tenchi would rescue YOU if there was
ever
a monster!" fired Ayeka.

"Tenchi rescue me!! Theres a purple haird monster grabbing your left arm
AHHH!" Ryouko laughed and held Tenchi close.

Yosho pulled out his wooden sword and got in the position to strike if the
monster were to come in...

Nobuyuki hid behind Mihoshi, using fear as an excuse to feel on her body.

"Hehehehe, Noboyuki, that tickles! Hehehehe!" Said the clueless blonde.

"Tenchi, you open the door, and when you open it, i'll strike him down,
ok?"

"Ok Grandfather"

The whole gang huddled behind Yosho, awaiting the slaughtering of the
monster.

"Tenchi is soooo sexy when hes brave" Said Ryouko.

Ayeka gave her a dirty look.  Tenchi put his hand on the knob, turned
slowly,
and....

<WHOOSH!!!> Tenchi swang the door open and ducked.

Yosho swung the sword at the person... Person? Yosho quickly brought the
sword to a hault and it almost  took his head off.

"hahgw, hahgw, hahgw! nice to meet you too!" Said the VERY ugly man.

"Was that his laugh?" asked Mihoshi who was immediatly shushed by
Kiyone.

The man was grotesque.

Sasami came back downstairs.

"Well, theres no sense in letting this man freeze to death!  Come on in
sir." Said a welcoming Yosho.

"Gee thanks! hahgw, hahgw, hahgw!" By the way, my names Larry!" said
the man
as he held out a fat muddy hand.

Yosho ignored his hand, trying to be polite as possible.  He guided the man
to come in.  The rest of the gang looked at the man in disgust.

The man walked past Mihoshi.

"Kiyone, did you fart?!" whispered Mihoshi, excited that she caught her
conservative partner doing something embarassing....

Kiyone was caught off gaurd.

"Hey everyone! Kiyone passed gas AAhahahahahaha!!" Mihoshi laughed.

Everyone was now laughing or at least chuckling at the fact that Kiyone
broke
wind.

"I DID NOT!!!" said Kiyone in shock and denial.

Mihoshi began to sing a song...

Her name's Kiyone and she-jus-farted,
and if she deny's it then-shes-retarded,
cause shes Kiyone and she-jus-farted!

Kiyone did not know what to say... she knew very well that she didn't
fart.
Come to think of it, she couldn't ever remember a time when shes farted.
She
didn't know what to say. So she said all she knew what to say in a time
like
this...

"Well whoever smelt it dealt It!!!" she said, mad that she had to stoop
to
Mihoshis level.

"Whoever deny'd it supplied it!" Mihoshi fired back.

Kiyone was pissed.

"Hey, that smells much worse then a fart!" said Ryouko.

"Yeah, theres no way that much smell could've came out of Kiyone" Said
Noboyuki.

Everyone looked at Larry...

"I am Yosho Masaki, I am the owner of this house... How may I help you?"
Yosho butted in.

"Hi, Im Larry!!!  hahgw, hahgw, hahgw!!!!"

The mans laugh was intoxicating.

"EErrmmm yes, you said that, and might I ask what is sooo funny" Asked
Yosho.

"Oh nothing, hahgw, Ive just never seen so many women with such bright
hair,
hahgw!" said the man, as he pulled a wad of ear wax out of his ear..

Ayeka fainted at the site of such rude behavior.

"Wake up princess! if only you knew what YOU looked like!" said Ryouko
laughing.

Ayeka immediatly woke up.

"How dare you say that i'll have you know that......."

she was cut off by Noboyuki.  "Well, Sasami made a wonderful dinner, I
suggest we eat it... Larry, would you like to stay for dinner?"

"Oh well, I dont mean to intrude but ....."

*Yes thought the whole gang, maybe he'll turn down the offer and decide to
get the hell out of here.*

"......but, okay!" He said spritefully

Larry excitingly walked in to the Masaki residence, with a trail of mud
behind him.

Everyone looked at Yosho to see what his reaction would be...  His reaction
was worse then expected.  Instead of looking furious or angry... Yosho
stared
straight ahead with a psycho grin on his face.  He had a little twitch in
his
eye and his face was bright red.

"Uh....Grandfather?"

"Hahwg, hahgw! I think the old man juz had a heart attack! Hahgw,
hahgw!"

Yosho turned his head and looked at Larry with the same look on his face...
Clueless Larry just looked at him and smiled.

"Wow, hahgw! What ever you cats got cookin in there sounds great IM
STARVIN!
Hahgw, hahgw!"

Larry walked straight for the dinner table as if he were at home... Yosho
made an attempt to strangle Larry, but was stopped by Sasami.

"Yosho! Don't hurt him! Hes Handicapped!!!" She said with complete
love and
innocence in her eyes.

"Just because the man looks like a rhinoceros doesn't mean hes mentally
retarded!" Said Ryouko.

"A rhinoceros is a thing of beuty compared to you Ryouko! Ha ha ha!"
Laughed
Ayeka.

The same emerged bolt formed between them once again.

"Who ever said Rhino's were ugly anyway huh?" said Mihoshi

"Gee whiz! This Chinese food is great! Hahgw!"

"Actually Larry, this is technically Japanese food..." Said the usual
politically correct scientist.

"Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Asian, Oriental, Its all the same
difference... Hahgw, hahgw!!!"

The gang looked at Larry in anger and disgust.  He was the only person
sitting at the table, and he was the only person who was already cramming
himself with food.

"This is truley great Chinese food! hahgw"

"JAPANESE!!!!!" Said everyone else in unison.

By now everyone was sitting down as far away from Larry as possible, as he
continued stuffing his face with food.

"Hey Larry, are you ever gonna take a break?" asked Washu.  "You
havent
stopped eating for the past 20 minutes... Dont you even breath?"

Larry ignored her.  Larry sat at the end of the table.  Everyones chairs
were
crammed towards the other side of the table, leaving Larry isolated.

"Hey Larry...!" Ryouko yelled... "Were you hungry?"

Larry ignored her.

"Hey, little girl! The one with the black hair!" Larry yelled across the
table.

Everyone looked around... There wasn't a little girl wth black hair
sitting
at this table, unless....Larry, was color blind.

"What is it Larry" Kiyone asked, assuming that he thought her hair was
black.

"Hahgw! not you! The little girl sitting next to you! Hahgw! It's not
like
I'm color blind!!"

Everyone looked at Tenchi... Mihoshi, Kiyone, Washu, and Noboyuki were
trying
as hard as they could not to laugh.

"I'll have you know that MY Lord Tenchi is NOT a 'little girl' you
pig! He
is a man!!!" Screamed Ayeka.

"Oh, sorry! Hahgw! The pony tail in the back threw me off, Hahgw!"

Tenchi clenched his fist.

"Tenchi!" Sasami interupted, "I made your favorite egg rolls! But you
better
grab one, theres only I more left.."

"Oh gee thanks Sasami." Tenchi replied.

Tenchi made an atempt at the egg roll plate.

"AAAhhhhhhhh!!! Its gone! The last egg roll is gone!!!!  I didn't even
get
one either!" Yelled Tenchi.

"Somebody must have had two." Said Ryouko.

Everyone looked at Larry, who had the crispy, golden brown, mouth watering
eggroll in his hand, inches away from intering his mouth.

(Slow motion)

"NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Tenchi yelled slowly in
a
deep slow motion voice...

The egg roll was on its way to Larry's selfish, and thoughtless mouth... A
drop of grease from the egg roll slowly dripped into Larry's mouth.  He
had
food all over his face.  The most disgusting THING one would ever imagine.
Larry had black curly hair wich he had fixed into a mullet; wich also had
food in it.  He was at least four hundred pounds.  He wore thick glasses,
brown pants wich came up an inch above his anckles, and a pair of brown
reebocks wich were originally white.  His shirt was also originally white
untill the food of the Masaki household was all over it.

The eggroll now centimeters away from his mouth.

"NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
LLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!! TTHHAATTSS TTHHEE LLAASSTT
OONNEE!!!!!!!!"Tenchi said again in slow motion...

>CCCCRRRRRIIIIIIITTTTCCCHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!< Went the sound of the
delicious
eggroll, intended for Tenchis mouth.

"HHHHHHAAAAAAHHHHHHGGGGGGWWWW,  HHHHAAAAHHHHHGGGWWWW!!!!!!!!!" went
Larry's
intoxicating laugh.  "THIS ISSS SOOOOO GOOODDDD!!!!!"

Tenchi's eyes began to water.

(slow motion over)

Tenchi was devastated.  How could the spirits of his ancestors who lived
before him * Rest their souls* ever allow such an uncanny and
undestinational
encounter to have taken place.  Tenchi clenched his fist once more.

*Why is it that EVERY person who stepps foot in this house and who is NOT a
member of the Masaki family, ALWAYS cause me grief and, or pain in some
way!!!???*

"Hey little girl! With the black pony tail, did you want this or
something?"
Said Larry.

Tenchi fell over backwards.  The kind of animated fall that he does whenever
something outragous or something morally unbelievable happens.

Ayeka and Ryouko faught over who got to help him back up.  Larry held out
the
half eaten eggroll in Tenchis direction with a wide smile on his face.

"Last call everyone!! Hahgw!" and he ate it, clearly not giving anyone e
nough time to responed.

Dinner, which was intended as a formal and satisfyingly delicious get
together, ended up as a catastrophy.  Larry ate more than half of the food
Sasami had cooked.  And Sasami almost ALWAYS made more then enough to eat.

"You know Larry, it is traditional in Japanese culture to leave a bit of
food
on your plate, that way ,your cook for the evening is aware that you have
had
enough to eat.." Said Yosho.

Larry ignored him.

"So, Larry, tell us a little bit about yourself..." Said Washu, trying
to
break the awkwardness that filled the room.  "Ya married?"

"Yeah right!" Ryouko butted in.  "And he's a light eater too!"

Larry ignored Ryouko.

"So, Whats for dessert?" Larry asked with an excited tone in his voice.

"Oh well I made some real yummy......"

Sasami was quieted by Yosho.

"Sasami, lets eat it when Larry leaves.. ok?" Yosho whispered, to
Sasami.
"I think all of us would like to actually have a full share of it this
time..."

Sasami frowned.  She still assumed that the visitor was handicapped and was
quite ashamed at the behavior of everyone.

Everyone was now in the living room.  Tenchi and Sasami took care of the
dishes. Larry sat in the most comfortable chair that the Masaki's owned.

"Hey guy's, mind if I lite a cigarette?"  asked Larry, who had already
in
fact lite one and was smoking it.

"Larry, please put that out, we do not allow smoking in this house!"
Said
Tenchi, nervous at what his grandfather would do to Larry if he caught him
smoking in his house.

Larry frantically searched for a decent place to put it out.  he searched
all
over, looking for an ash tray, anything to put the burning cancer stick out.
Thats when he saw it.  a golden bowl with Japanese writing on it.  A fancy
lid covered it with beutifully painted figures on it.  Larry opened the lid
and found a large mass of grayish brown sand in it.  Or, at least thats what
he thought it was.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! YOU IDIOT!
GRANDFATHER
MASAKI'S ASHES!!!!!!" screemed Tenchi.

"Whats wrong, its just sand! Hahgw hahgw!" Larry innocently laughed.

"If I hear that man laugh one more time im gonna puke!" Said Ryouko.

Tenchi pulled the cigarette butt out of the Ashes.

"Larry you moron!!!" Fired Tenchi, "Just be glad that Grandfather
hasn't
noticed."

Larry ignored him.

Yosho walked up to Tenchi and Larry, and smiled upon them.

"Those are the ashes of my great grandfathers great, great, grandfather.
They are the most sacred of all things in this household.  If ANYTHING were
to happen to them, then chaos will occur." said Yosho, obviously unaware
of
what had just happened.

"Yeah, thats great, so... got any records?" Larry asked.

"EErrmmm, yes, Larry... right over here..." Tenchi showed Larry where
the
record collection was.

"Don't forget to show Larry to the door when you go to bed Tenchi
okay?"
said Yosho.  He was yawning and on his way upstairs to go to bed.

"Okay Grandfather." Tenchi assured him.

Everyone else went to bed also,  Accept Ayeka and Ryouko of course.

"Go on princess! You look tired, why dont you go on and get yourself to
sleep, i'll be right behind you." Said Ryouko.

"Ha ha ha ha ha ha!" Ayeka said extemely fast, " If you think for one
second
that I am going to leave Lord Tenchi ungaurded and unprotected from the
likes
of you,  then you are mistaken!!!"

Larry laughed.  He found it so amusing that two beutiful girls were fighting
over some skinny girl with a black pony tail.

*Lesbians* he thought

"Hey sweet heart, if your lookin for a man then I am the perfect
candidate,
Hahgw hahgw!"

Larry pulled his suspenders and snapped them against his male breasts
without
the smallest bit of insecurity.  Ryouko started laughing.  Ayeka was furious
at Larry's proposal...

"LET US GET ONE THING STRAIGHT LARRY!" Ayeka fired," I wouldn't do
so much
as TALK to you IF YOU WERE THE LAST MAN ON EARTH!!!!!" Ayeka yelled with
all
her might.

Some of the pictures on the wall tilted sideways with the force of Ayekas
irate and irritated voice.  Larry smiled.

*It would be a little hard to ignore a remark like that* He thought.

"Hey lady! If I was the last man on earth..... You think I'd be hanging
around you?" Larry said smiling.

Ayeka fainted once more.  Ryouko was rolling around on the floor laughing.
Tenchi was uncomfortable.

"Ummm..... Here are our records Larry..." Tenchi said, desperately
trying to
drive the comotion away from Ayeka.

"Oh great thanks! Hahgw!"

Larry grabbed a stack of records and proceeded to look through them.

"Lets see," he said as if he were going to take some home.

Tenchi was getting impatient.

"Uh, Larry, It's um getting pretty late now and um...well" Tenchi
tried to
hint to Larry that he should leave.

Larry ignored him.

"Hey! This looks like a good one! Hahgw!"

Larry put it in a seperate stack away from the stack he was looking through.

Larry flipped through all the records, rejecting all of Tenchi's
favorites.
Tenchi began to feel a bit offended.

"This one? Nah!" Larry contnued looking through the Masaki record
collection.

"Hey! Whats wrong with that one huh!?" Said Tenchi, mad that Larry
discarded
his favorites as if they were garbage.

Tenchi didn't even know what Larry was doing.

*Does this guy really think hes gonna take some of my records home?* He
thought

"Hey got anything to eat?" Larry asked

"Larry, I dont mean to be rude but you've already eaten almost all the
food
in the house." Replied Tenchi.

Larry ignored Tenchi.

"Say, this one is a good one too, hahgw" Larry said as he added another
record to the stack.

Tenchi was very tired.  And so were Ayeka and Ryouko for that matter.  Larry
put his finger up his nose.

"Well I guess thats all of them then hahgw!"

Larry grabbed the two records he had chosen and sat on the sofa.

"Well, lets see whats on TV." Larry said.

He made himself comfortable on the sofa and propped his muddy shoes on the
polished cherry wood coffee table.  He grabbed the remote and turned on the
television.

"Um, Larry, we're all REALLY tired and we need to get our sleep
and..."
Tenchi tried all the hinting to Larry he could to get him to leave, but he
was unsuccessful.

"Yes Larry, we're (yawn) really tired," Ayeka followed.

"Well, it looks like you two outta get yourselves to bed then, hahgw!"

Was Larry really this clueless?  Did he really think that they would just
trust some smelly and ignorant stranger to sit down and watch TV all alone?
And what the hell was he doing with two of the Masaki's records?!

Ryouko butted in...

"Hey Larry..." She said softly in his ear.... "I think what Tenchi is
trying
to tell you is.....TO GET THE HELL OUT OF OUR HOUSE AND GO HOME!!!!!!!"
She
yelled.

Larry jumped up with fear as Ryouko screamed straight in his ear.

"Hahgw!" Larry laughed and then continued watching TV.

Ryouko fell over backwards as Tenchi did at the dinner table.  Tenchi
nervously laughed.

Tenchi, Ayeka and Ryouko sat down on the couch with all hopes lost.  They
tried everything.  They tried to politely tell him to leave.  They made fun
of him in front of his face.  They even tried screaming in his face to tell
him to leave and he still wouldn't get the hint.  Was he doing this on
purpose?  Was it just the bad luck of Tenchi to have a house guest that in
the end, HE is left to deal with?  Ayeka and Ryouko looked at Tenchi.

"Tenchi, your the man of the house, tell this man to leave now," Ryouko
whispered to Tenchi.

"Tenchi, this man is rude and ghastly, please escort him to the door or he
will keep us up all night." Ayeka whispered.

Tenchi gave them both a reassuring nod.  He wasn't going to take it any
longer!  He didn't care how rude or mean or impolite he was being.  Larry
was
the final straw, he was gonna tell Larry that he has to leave right away and
there is nothing that he can do about it.

"Hahgw!  I guess im gonna have to stay here untill the storm dies out,.
Hahgw!"

Tenchi's shoulders drooped.

*Dammit Tenchi! You can't be nice all the time!  You have to stand your
ground, be a man, act tough!*

Tenchi cleared his throat...

*Alright Tenchi, just tell him that you have to go to bed and that he is
going to have to leave, storm or no storm!*

Tenchi cleared his throat once more...

"Hey, ya mind if I make a long distance phone call?" Larry asked.

"FINE....." Tenchi said loud yet with a dull tone.

"Gee wiz! Thanks! Hahgw!" Larry picked up the phone and began dialing...

"Tenchi, you say the name and I'll get this bozo to leave, got it?"
Ryouko
said in a threatening voice.

Tenchi actually considered it.

"Thats ok Ryouko."

Time went by.  In fact, twenty minutes went by, wich then lead to a half an
hour, and an hour....Soon 3 hours went by and Larry was still on the phone.

"Oh boy, that is not gonna be a cheap phone call," Ryouko said.

Finally Larry hung up the phone.

*Allright Tenchi, don't get nervous, just tell the man hes got to leave
and
show him to the door...*

"Wow! Thanks for letting me make that phone call, gee, I would never let
someone Ive never met make a long distance phone call to America if I were
you! You guys are sooo nice! Hahgw!"

* America?.........   AMERICA!!!!!?????*

That was it for Tenchi. The final curtain call, the end of the road.  The
atomic bomb has landed and Hiroshema and Nagasaki were gone... The last and
final destination...

* America, ten dollars a minute, sixty minutes in an hour, three hours
total.......................*

"AAAAHHHHHH!!!! LARRY! YOU JUST MADE AN EIGHTEEN HUNDRED DOLLAR PHONE CALL
TO
AMERICA!!!!!!?????" Tenchi fainted.

Ayeka and Ryouko both tried to wake and help him up.  It was no use.  Tenchi
was out.  The two of them lifted Tenchi up the stairs and laid him in bed.

"Well Ryouko, I hope you enjoy your time with Larry, Im off to bed..."
Ayeka
said smilling...

"Why you conniving little cunt!" Ryouko started...

*Hmmm..Wait just a minute...This may be a good opportunity to have a little
fun with Larry* She thought.

She walked down the stepps, smiling as she did...

* Lets see what Larry thinks of my demon form...*

Ryouko walked down the stepps.

"Oh Laaarrryyy," she said in a creepy voice.

She saw the lights from the TV reflecting off the wall opposite to where it
was.  She could here the loudness of the advertisements.  She would jump in
front of Larry and transform into her demon body as fast as she could.

*Hes gonna be shivering in his fat little boots, heh heh heh*

She crept down the stairs some more until she was finally on the ground. She
walked over behind the couch where Larry  sat, unexpected and unaware...

*Ready on the count of three.... One.........Two.............Ryouko
transformed into her demon body..........THREE!!!*

Ryouko jumped in front of the couch in her devastatingly frightening demon
form and bared her fangs .

"BOOOOO!!!!!" She yelled.

Larry was....... Wait a minute..... Where was Larry?

Larry walked out of the kitchen with a bowl of popcorn in his hand.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH

HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Larry screamed, the bowl of
popcorn went flying in the air and he slipped and fell.

"Hehehehehe!" Ryouko laughed.

"Don't ..... Don't hurt me!! My name is Larry DikePrick, Im 38 years
old,
and I live in a van down by the RIVER!!!!!! AAAAAHHHHH!!!!"  Larry pleaded
and begged.

Larry ran into the kitchen and grabbed one of the kitchen knives that Sasami
had ordered from an infomercial.  Ryouko chased after him, glad that she was
getting the exact response she was looking for.

"IF YOU COME ANY CLOSER... I'LL, I'LL, I'LL!!!!!!"

"You'll do WHAT!?" Ryouko laughed showing her fangs once more.

(Next morning)

It was 5:30 in the morning.  Ryouko was in the kitchen cooking up a meal
that
smelled so good, it woke everyone up early.

"Hey Ryouko, whats the big idea huh? You didn't have to cook breakfast,
you
know I'll gladly cook..." Said Sasami with sleep in her eyes.

"Oh no! Don't be silly, I wanted to make us all something special.
Besides,
you always do the cooking."

*Could this be? Everyone thought.  Was this not the same space pirate that
sarcastically said "Oh know, Sasami gets to do all the work, let me get
the
door"?*

Everyone at the table was stunned.

"Ryouko!" Yelled Ayeka from the dinning room into the kitchen.. "I
hope you
dont expect me to eat whatever muck your making in the kitchen! ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha !!" Ayeka laughed.

Ryouko ignored her.

Everyone was in their respectable seats, curiously awaiting what the
criminal
wanted all over the galaxy could possibly be making in there that smelled
soooo darn good!

"I never let her help me cook in the kitchen because whenever I do, the
meal
always turns out so much worse then it could be..." Sasami whispered over
to
Tenchi.

"OOOKKAAYYY!!!!" Sang Ryouko as she happily brought the entree` out unto
the
table.

"I made us all steak and eggs!!!" Said Ryouko happily.

"Wow Ryouko, this looks excellent!" Said Noboyuki.

"MMMMM and it tastes GREAT TOO!" Yosho added.

"Wow Ryouko, this is the best steak I have ever eaten in my entire
life!"
Tenchi said.

Ayeka clenched her fist at Tenchis approval.  Everybody was eating and
moaning at how delicious and mouth watering the meal was.

Ayeka began to look at everyones happy faces.

"Ayeka, you should really try this! It is truley good!" Tenchi Said.

"Yeah Ayeka, you and Ryouko should just forget about your past fights and
try
this, it is soooo good!!!": Said Mihoshi.

"Well, I'm only eating it because Tenchi say's I should," Ayeka
lied.

Ayeka took a bite of the steak, wich mealted in her mouth.

"Well, I wont lie Ryouko, this steak is not bad," Ayeka said.

Who was she kidding, no royale and master chef on Jurai has ever prepared a
dish quite like this.

"Princess, I'll take that as a compliment," Ryouko said.

"So, Tenchi, I assume everything went well with Larry then huh?" Asked
Yosho.

Tenchi looked confused.

* Wait a minute, I don't ever remember showing Larry to the door.  That
must
mean that Ayeka and Ryouko must've made him leave,*

Tenchi leaned over towards Ayeka.

"Ayeka, did you have any trouble showing Larry to the door last night?"
Tenchi asked.

Ayeka blushed.

"Your gonna have to ask Ryouko that question Lord Tenchi," She smiled.

* Oh no! Not Ryouko, who knows what she could've possibly done to Larry to
get him to leave!!!*

Tenchi looked at Ryouko, who was in fact listening in on their coversation.
Ryouko looked back at Tenchi with an evil smile.

"So Ryouko, where on earth did you find such tender and delicious meat?"
asked Yosho.

Ryouko's smile widened.

"Well, lets just say that our * meaty *  friend Larry, hasn't entirely
left
the Masaki house yet... In fact, not only did he join us for dinner last
nigh
t, but  he's joining us for breakfast as we speak!"

Ryouko laughed, yawned, and decided it be best she got some sleep.

* Boy, cooking sure does make a woman tired. Thats right!*

__________________________________________________________________

Thank you all for reading my fic.  I love everyone here at the TMFFA.
Please
give me feed back and tell me what you thought of this fic.  Tell me if you
thought it was actually funny, or if I need to pack my bags and get my sorry
ass out of the TMFFA.  Thanks again for reading this, I hope you enjoyed
reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it! Luv you all!!! =(^_^)=  James
Padilla, Author of The Erotic Torture Chamber (LEMON) and SNOW.
