Tristan "Psuedo-Tenchi" Letscher  (ClaudeKnny@aol.com)
Presents:
Part 1 of:
"Thinking of it Now..."

Disclaimer and Introductory shtuff:
    A regular fanfic, this introduces Tenchi's granddaughter, Rinuko, the
daughter of Mayuka and an Earth-boy. It also has my own little opinion of
what exactly would happen if Tenchi were forced to choose between those two
that cling to him so affectionatly, Ryoko and Ayeka. OAV-based, written in
Tenchi's POV, and I take all literary freedom here, so bare with me here. =D
I'd like to thank my friends, for bolstering me in support, so, thanks
Andrea, Cloud, and the rest. I'd also like to thank Godzilla for his
upcoming
movie, for it will be awsome. I don't own these people, except for Rinuko,
AIC and Pionerr does, thanks to the genious work of Hitoshi Okudaso, so
don't
sue if you read this. Also, if you want to borrow ideas, and/or people,
please, people, ASK! All stories and characters not owned by AIC and Pioneer
ARE Copywritten 2000 by Tristan Letscher, so don't sue or steal or anything
like that. Rather, take it into consideration, if you enjoy it.
    And now....the show...

"Thinking of it Now..." Part 1

    As I walk along the garden, holding the small hand of my dearest
granddaughter, I can't help but smile.
    I must be glowing, radiant with glee and pride for this young girl who
walks next to me, asking questions about this or that, and always wide-eyed
about the world and its wonders. Yet to see space, and the vastness and
infinite enormity that it holds, she seems very small to me now.
    All the better, she is precious to everyone she meets because of this
fact. She somehow can make anyone smile, she almost transmits waves of mirth
to all she encounters.
    As we round the bend and enter our small house, she smiles up at me with
that cresent-eyed innocence of youth. I lead her into her room, and gently
lift her from the ground into a warm hug.
    "Grand daddy, why do I take naps everyday at this time?", she asks with
an expression that betrays her puzzlement.
    I smile, gently poking her side in an affectionate gesture. "Because," I
respond, "little girls need to rest, especially when they have had such an
eventful day."
    She purses her lips, as if in thought, as I help her into a more
comfortable pair of pajamas. After awhile, when I have her into her bed, and
I am sitting next to her, gently tucking her in.
    "Grand daddy, tell me about Grand mom, she says, almost oblivious to the
misty look in my eyes as the memories rush in.
    I smile, nodding and tucking her in further, and respond to her
questions, happy to oblige.
    "Thinking about it now, your Grand mom was a good woman..."

*****
    Ryoko yawned, stretching her arms and legs out, tongue escaping her
mouth
in a strikingly feline gesture. Mumbling to herself, she rose from her perch
in the rafters, fading out of the scene and into a new one.
    Tenchi's bedroom.
    It was often that she went into his room in the morning, at night, and
right before he went to sleep. Unlike her outward actions, she didn't always
come in here to seduce him.
    She was merly making sure he was still there.
    Her years of imprisonment had tought her a few things, on of those was
that nothing was permanant. She had seen countless families, peoples, and
legends pass away from her cave. Tenchi had been the latest in her
interests,
and, as she had no trouble showing, she loved him.
    Appearing hovering above Tenchi in his bed, the air around her humming
briefly to protest in the sudden interruption of matter, Ryoko's mind sighed
in relief. He was undisturbed, and she could stop worrying.
    "Unn...", Tenchi sighed softly, rolling over in his bed. Ryoko's lips
curved into a smile, her fangs slowly exposing themselves to the world. She
floated downwards to sit on the side of Tenchi's bed, stroking his cheek
lovingly.
    It was right about then that Ayeka opened Tenchi's door, looking over
her
shoulder to make sure no one would see her.
    Ayeka's eyes bugged out when she saw Ryoko gently stroking Tenchi's
face,
giving her the smallest ounce of recognition as she gently turned herself to
face away from the princess.
    Ayeka fumed in absolute rage as she lost any regard of Tenchi's slumber,
shouting at Ryoko angrily.
    "WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING IN LORD TENCHI'S ROOM?!"
    Ryoko smirked, turning her head to face the princess as Tenchi flailed
himself off his bed, startled by Ayeka's sudden outburst. "I would ask you
the same thing, Ayeka, but, I was trying to KEEP IT QUIET FOR TENCHI!!",
Ryoko yelled back, as she stood, chin outward in a gesture of defiance.
    Ayeka turned beet red, suddenly very aware of her shame. Ryoko laughed,
rather obnoxiously, noting the blush on the princess's pretty face. It was
then that Tenchi protested.
    "What is going on here? Ryoko, Ayeka, why are you in my room? I'm trying
to get some sleep, ya know!" Tenchi stood, just as Ryoko floated over and
glomped onto his arm, to which Ayeka responded by doing the same with his
other arm.
    Tenchi's favorite game was NOT tug-of-war...
    Sasami's petite voice could be heard over the quiet roar in the house,
Ryoko and Ayeka running about, tugging at Tenchi's ar as his head bobbed
back
and forth in a dazed manner. "Breakfast!", she sweetly chimed as Ryo-oh-ki
clambered off her head and onto her little basket, where upon she instantly
began to gnaw on her carrot. Nobiyuki and Yosho walked in calmly to the
table, sitting down to enjoy their meal. Washu and Mihoshi were next, Washu
scratching herself drowsily after pulling another all-nighter. Mihoshi
simply
bounded happily to the table, seating herself and chattering cheerfully
about
nothing in particular. Tenchi and Ayeka were next -- Ryoko had given up to
retrive Mayuka from her crib for breakfast. As soon as they were all seated,
the mix-and-match family began to eat.
    Typical morning in the Misaki household.

*****
    Rinuko giggles softly, her eyes already half-closed, the soothing warmth
and deepness of my voice must be hypnotic in that right.
    "Was everyone really that crazy, Granddaddy?", she asks, giggling
softly.
    "Oh, yes," I respond. "it was not unusual for your Grandfather to wake
up
with people in his room, or worse, his bed. They calmed down after you were
born, however."
    Ah, yes. I remember that day. Only twenty years after Mayuka was "born"
to us, she had already married and had a child. I was a grandfather at only
38, which, considering Jurai's longevity, is an amazing feat in and of
itself.
    Anyway, Mayuka had brought home her husband, a young man from Earth who
would later enlist in the GP after discovering his wife's origin and her
family's extreamly unusual history. I had settled down by then -- my wife
and
I built a house next to the old one, with the aide of Dad. To think, Dad is
only in his 50's and is already a great-grandfather. He must feel old.
    This young man had gone under serious speculation by all of us --
especially Ryoko, we were simply not ready to allow our little Mayuka to
grow
up yet. Sasami, in her Tsunami symboiate form, had scanned the young man and
deemed him fit, luckily before Washu could "test" him. Ayeka and Mayuka went
out for a bit of "Girl talk", they said. When they returned, I had told this
young man, Greg ( which, to us all, seemed a bit too American for our
tastes,
but we wer not going to argue if his personality proved to be worthy. )
about
all of our family, careful not to omit any single shred of information. To
enter into our family, he would have to be prepared to keep it all secret,
even from his family.
    Earth simply wasn't ready for gigantic tree-ships and space-demons
yet...
    So, after days which turned into months, we agreed to this marriage, and
initiated a rather Western wedding on the 8th of May, Earth calander.
    "Tell me more, Grandaddy.", the little demi-demon asked lazily. I smiled
and nodded again, continuing my story.

*****
    Later that afternoon, Tenchi and Ryoko and the others had decided to
have
a small picnic in a clearing sligtly southwest of the lake. The entire way
Ayeka and Ryoko fought over Tenchi, which was nothing strange, except for
that they seemd a bit more aggressive than usual.
    As the van pulled up into the clearing, they all poured out into the
grassy glade, each having a small comment on the area.
    "Ooohhh woooow!", Sasami chirped. "It's so pretty here!"
    "I know!" Mihoshi giggled, as the two wandered off to explore, their
childish glee taking hold of them.
    "Hmmm...it has been a long time since we've eaten here, hasn't it,
Nobiyuki?", Yosho asked in his calm, gravely voice. His glasses shimmered
slightly in the sun, as Nobiyuki climbed out of the van and next to his
Father-in-law.
    "Sure has. Hey! I wonder if Tenchi remebers this place.", Nobiyuki
hopefully quirped, slightly remembering that picnic from years before.
    Washu walked up with Sasami and Mihoshi trailing behind, as Washu had
decided to go off and fetch them wordlessly.
    All eight of them, including Ryo-oh-ki, Azake, and Kamadake, collectivly
sweatdrpped as they turned to face the two women now ferociously fighting
over Tenchi.
    "You don't deserve Lord Tenchi, you low-life criminal scumbag!", Ayeka
hatefully sneered at Ryoko. Ryoko blinked slightly, her anger building, as
she retaliated.
    "Oh, so you're too good for him, then?! Hah! Typical Jurain Royalty, too
good for anyone! Get off your high-horse, you snooty stuck-up prissy bitch!"
    The eight suddenly agreed that this was no normal argument, this was
becoming hateful, and nobody wanted that. Tenchi only tried to calm them
down, his "Come on, girls", and "Can't we just all get along?" too weak to
be
heard or paid any attention to. Luckily Washu was holding Mayuka in her
arms,
otherwise she would had been awoken by this din. Washu had a way with kids,
as she displayed with Mayuka and Sasami.
    Finnally the two had it. It was coming to fisticuffs, as Ryoko quickly
charged one of her glowing orange energy blades and Ayeka was summoning her
Jurian
energy logs. After a few moments of exchanging blasts and blows, the two
girls huffed, being separated by Tenchi and Yosho. Only they dared to get in
between the two when they were truly angry.
    "Let me go, Tenchi! I'm gunna rip her trachea out and make her talk out
of a filter!", Ryoko snarled, her claw-like fingers curling up to act out
this threat.
    "You just try it, devil-woman! We'll see who talks out of a filter when
I'm done with you!!", Ayeka screeched, struggling against Yosho.
    It took at least two hours before the two agreed to stop trying to kill
each other for the picnic. After the meal, which Sasami had lovingly
prepared
and was only devoured mercilessly, all of them sat and calmed down, talking
about things other than Tenchi and/or the chaos. It was calm then,
seemilngly. The sly women had exchanged icy glares and haefull glances many
times, each time the only one noticing was Tenchi, who simply smiled and
ignored it -- confrontation was not his specialty.
    Later on in the day, after a calming dip in the lake, which surprisingly
to them all, Ryoko did not try t seduce Tenchi -- she even wore a bathing
suit -- the small troupe ventured home. The setting sun on the hilly horizon
bathed the Misaki household in warm red light, as the family tried to keep
the two calm and separated the rest of this night. Luckily, for them all,
niehter girl had the motive or energy to initiate an attack, they simply
shot
each other angry glances and threatening motions.
    It all went well without a hitch, they thought. It was night, Sasami and
Mayuka were asleep, and Ayeka, Washu, and Mihoshi were in the baths
preparing
for bed. Ryoko was upon the roof, and Tenchi, Nobiyuki, and Yosho were
having
a conversation over coffee.
    "I'm glad you could get off work today, Dad. I enjoyed it.", Tenchi said
appreciativly.
    "Well, Tenchi, it was my pleasure. I enjoyed it, also."
    "Hmm," Yosho nodded, agreeing as he sipped his coffee.
    After a few hours, they all went to sleep. Ryoko had assumed her perch
in
the rafters, not before briefly checking on Tenchi in his room. She sighed
curling into sleep, and purred softly as she remembered the day. More than a
few times she growled, thoughts of Ayeka coming into her mind...
    Eventually, however, Ryoko gently drifted off into sleep.

*****
    "Which is exactly what you should do, little Rinuko." I say. Smiling, I
pat her head and stand up, right as she opens her eyes and speaks in
protest.
    "But what happened then? Ryoko and Ayeka didn't just forget the whol
thing did they? They sounded pretty mad."
    I chuckle at her innocence, as I calmly return to her bed and take my
seay, kissig her cheek.
    "If I tell you what happened the next morning, will you go to sleep, no
matter how the story ends?" I ask, grinning softly.
    Of course, she nods. She doesn't understand yet. To her mind, any more
of
the story she can get is worht the bargain -- what I would mean by that she
doesn't know or care.
    "Very well. The next morning..."

*****
    The next morning the house was strangly quiet. Tenchi awoke to his own
internal clock, telling him that the new Summer day had begun. He stretched,
scrathing himself as he wondered where the girls had run off to. As he
dressed himself, and quietly crept out of his room into Mayuka's, he noticed
that Ryoko's rafter was, strangly, empty. As he crept into the room,
stopping
at the crib, he noticed that not only was Ryoko not in any of her usual
haunts, Ayeka was still aparently asleep.
    Of course he could hear Sasami cooking away in the kitchen, and Mihoshi
playing with the TV as Washu scurried from room to room, testing some new
invention she concocted earlier that morning. It was all to familair, save
for the peculiar absense of shouting and/or destruction from the two females
that so adored him. Shrugging, he reached into the crib, retrieving the
awake
Mayuka from her crib and holding her, humming to her softly.
    it was then that his finely tuned ears picked up the slight opening of
the door behind him, followed by the soft "click" of the door closing. He
turned around to face Ayeka and Ryoko, standing side-by-side and both with
angry and hurt looks upon their faces.
    Tenchi Gulped as Ayeka started this fatefull demand for her rival.
    "Lord Tenchi...we have come to a decision..it is mutual, so don't get
upset with one of us alone...", Ayeka said softly.
    "We want you to choose. All this guesswork and fighting isn't good for
anyone, especially not you, which is what we don't want.", Ryoko finished.
    "Yes...and this heartbreak is more than we cn bear, Lord Tenchi. Please
-- spare us...", was Ayeka's reply.
    Ryoko only rolled her eyes and returned her gaze to Tenchi. She sighed
heavily, her eyes avoiding his. She didn't want to put Tenchi in this
position, she knew he didn't want to hurt Ayeka by choosing her -- she knew
he would choose her, there was no way he'd go for Ayeka.
    Ayeka was thinking similar things as she gently turned away and spoke.
    "We'll give you three days...and then..."
    "We're leaving.", Ryoko finished.
    Tenchi just stood there...he gently walked past the two, holding his
daughter in his arms. When he reached the door, he spoke, his voice shaky
with fear and pain, as he left the room, and the house, that matter for the
next three days.
    "I'll be back in three days. Expect my answer then...no sooner. I'm
taking
 Mayuka with me, and you won't be able to find us, so don't bother..."
    As Tenchi walked away, and into his room, the two felt an instant pang
of
regret and fear. They had not expected Tenchi to react like this. They would
have expected him to try and worm out of it, or worse, say he couldn't
choose
either yet like he always did and force them to leave. But not this...this
wasn't expected.
    No one paid him any notice as he walked out of the house, a knapsack on
his back and his child in his arms. tenchi would be gone for the next three
days.

*****
    "And now, my little sugarplum, you sleep. The story is finished for now,
so, take you nap and we'll play later, ok?", I say calmly as I stand from
her
bed, kissing her forehead.
    She nods and curls up on her side, her eyes closing in a soft sleep. I
smile as I leave her room, the door's soft "click" reassuring me that she is
safe. "Well," I think to myself. "I suppose tomorrow you're tell her, won't
you?" Smiling, I walk outside, to greet my wife in her afternoon glory,
taking her hand gently and sitting down next to her on our porch, just
twenty
feet away from the house we fell in love in...

*********************

    There it is! I hope you liked it! If you have any
questions/comments/death threats/suggestions, simply E-mail me at
ClaudeKnny@aol.com and/or, if you have AIM, send me an IM. I'll continue
this
story as inspiration strikes me, and I hope to make this a lasting series. I
am hopefull that you put this in, Gensao, I really really tried hard in this
one. =)

Tristan "Psuedo-Tenchi" Letscher
