Disclaimer: I think most of you have heard this but I'll go over it again. 
Tenchi Muyo! is created by the wonderful Masaki Kajishima and distributed in 
America by Pioneer LDC. I own none of it and have no legal right to use any of 
their stuff in my fanfic so..... Please don't sue me I'm just a boy who is 
trying to give a little praise to your great accomplishment known as Tenchi 
Muyo!

Hey I got most of my hard facts from the Tenchi Muyo! collections and a web site 
entitled "Tenchi Muyo! No Need for a Home Page". So ya, this takes place right 
after the last normal episode of Tenchi Muyo! (#14 Here comes Jurai part 2). So 
ya. Here's my email so you can tell me how much my work rules (yeah right)!: 
raven_575@yahoo.com

Erik Tuttle
"Three Gems for Power" part 1


20,000 years ago.


	An impenetrable layer of darkness seemed to surround Washu as she knelt on 
both knees in front of her two sisters. "So is it true? Do you acknowledge the 
fact sister?" Tokimi asked her red haired sister. 
	"Yes my sister, it is true Tokimi," Washu answered, her voice sounded low 
and distracted as she stared off into the blackness. "I was the one responsible 
for the destruction of universe alpha one."
	"Oh Washu," Tsunami's voice echoed in the darkness. "Oh Washu."
	"Do you agree with the judgement sister Washu?" Tokimi asked.
	"Yes Tokimi, please proceed."
	"Very well. Tsunami," Tokimi called.
	"Sister Tokimi are you sure about this?" Tsunami asked, stepping forward. 
	"Of course I am sure," Tokimi replied, "and so is Washu. Focus now 
sister." Tsunami took a step closer to her sisters and touched her outstretched 
hands to Tokimi's. For an instant Washu screamed as the fire ripped through her 
body. Everything burned so bad the pain was just to intense so she screamed, a 
long scream that lasted even after the flames left her body. "There," Tokimi 
smiled, "you still have the smallest portion of your powers inside of you but 
here is the rest." She held out her left hand to reveal three crimson gems 
slightly larger than her thumbnail. 
	"These are for you," Tsunami said.
	"Yes these are for you," Tokimi echoed happily. "Sort of a reminder of 
what you used to be." The gems fell from Tokimi's hands and clanked against an 
unknown surface at Washu's knees. 
	"Oh sister how I will miss you!" Tsunami cried as her eyes began to fill 
with tears.
	"Yes Washu how we will miss you," Tokimi said as she smiled and cast her 
sister into another dimension.


>>CHAPTER ONE<<    "Born Again"    

	"Miss Washu, Miss Washu!" a young voice echoed in the darkness.
	"Huh?" Washu breathed as she sat up. She was in a bed with off white 
sheets supported by a box frame at the bottom. The space around her was 
completely black and hanging from her body was a short white night dress with 
little frills at the end. Washu looked around in an attempt to locate the source 
of her summoned.
	"Miss Washu!" The voice sang again and trailed off in a reverberated 
string of her name.
	"What is this?" Washu asked herself as she crawled out of the bed and set 
her feet down on the black floor.
	"Miss Washu!"
	"Who are you and what do you want with me?" Washu yelled back into the 
darkness. "Answer me!"
	"Miss Washu," a small female figure appeared. She wore a blue dress with 
an apron over top of it decorated by a carrot. Her hair was a vibrant blue and 
her bright pink eyes could melt even the hardest of hearts. "Miss Washu I only 
came to tell you that breakfast was ready."
	"Oh thank you Sasami," Washu said. "Wait a minute. Sasami what are you 
doing here? For that matter what are WE doing here? Where is this place?"
"Here Miss Washu this belongs to you," Sasami said as she extended her arm out 
and spread her palm to reveal a large crimson orb about the size of a que ball. 
"No come on downstairs and let's eat."
	"B- but I've never seen this before!" Washu stammered. What was going oh 
here? She thought.
	"Of course you have silly!" Sasami answered. "After all it belongs to 
you!" All of a sudden that's how fast it happened. The crimson ball began to 
glow and shine out rays of brilliant white light. Washu screamed and clutched 
the strange ball to her chest. Wait a minute, she thought, why am I? All of a 
sudden. That's how fast it happened.

	"Oh dear me," Sasami mumbled to herself, "looks like we are going to have 
breakfast a little latter this morning. Oh well, I didn't plan on waking up so 
late but seeing as I usually get everyone else in the house up come breakfast 
time I'm sure that they won't mind the extra time to snooze!" She smiled to 
herself and took a sip from the breakfast soup she had begun preparing. "Not 
quite warm enough yet but that's good! It will give me time to work on squeezing 
the orange juice!" The pretty little girl smiled, it was going to be another fun 
day.

	Miss Washu, Miss Washu, Miss Washu, Miss Washu, How are you feeling? Are 
you alright? Is everything okay? Miss Washu, miss Washu?
	"Ah!" Washu shot out of bed like a bullet hurled through a gun. She was 
soaked in sweat and her nightgown was drenched. "Me! Me! Me! Me what?" she 
pondered to herself. Oh well I'd best change and get ready for the day, she 
thought to herself. Washu got up and materialized herself a bucket, some soap, a 
towel, and a fresh pair of shorts along with a black short sleeved science 
academy top. She sighed and wiped a bead of sweat off her forehead. I could 
really use a bath, she thought to herself.

	At about 10AM all the residents of the Masaki home were gathered around 
the table and ready to eat breakfast. All the residents except for Washu. "Come 
on Mom we can't wait for ever," Ryoko muttered under her breath as she knelt 
with her elbow perched on top of the wooden eating table.
	"She's usually here by now," Sasami said. "But maybe she's just a little 
late getting back from the bath today."
	"Well then," said Sasami's older sister Ayeka, "we'll just have to wait, 
I'm positive that Miss Washu would do the same for me."
	"I sure wouldn't," Ryoko whispered over her shoulder at Ayeka. 
	"Well I wouldn't wait for you either!" Ayeka shouted at Ryoko.
	"Would you two stop it?" Washu asked as she entered the dinning area. 
Every soul in the room stopped what they were doing and gaped at her. "What?" 
Washu asked.
	Tenchi and his grandfather quickly turned their heads but Tenchi's father 
Noboyuki continued to look at Washu from head to toe. "Uh Miss Washu," Tenchi 
began.
	"Tenchi darling weren't you supposed to call me little Washu?"
"Well yes Mi- uh Little Washu but for starters you're not little and um, uh your 
also not wearing any clothing," Tenchi managed to stammer as he looked at the 
white painted wall in-front of him.
	Washu looked down at herself "Oh my god," was all she said as she crossed 
her legs and arms in front of her midsection. "Hee, hee, sorry about that 
Tenchi," she said as she shuffled herself into the kitchen.
	"Now Tenchi," Noboyuki said, "why did you have to go do that?"
	Oh my goodness, Washu thought to herself as she dawned her normal short 
form and casual clothing. How did that happen? I could have sworn I was all done 
up by the time I left the bath platform. Theirs no way I could have changed 
between here and there. What's going on? She reemerged into the dinning area as 
she had intended and took her position to the right of Sasami. No one spoke that 
much during the meal except for Ryoko and Princess Ayeka. 
	"Don't you even try putting that stuff into lord Tenchi's food!" Ayeka 
cried from across the table at Ryoko.
	"What?" Ryoko asked in a sarcastic manner, "its just a little seasoning."
	"It most certainly is not!" Ayeka yelled. "That * SEASONING * is that same 
horrible date rape drug you tried to use on Lord Tenchi at yesterdays evening 
meal!"
	"What? You think I need something like that to make Tenchi want me?"
	"That is definitely what I think and I also know that I was the one who 
ate the leftovers last night and I couldn't stop getting all... all... 
nevermind."
"Hee, hee, hee, all what princess?"
	"None of your buisness demon!"
	Tenchi got up and put his empty soup bowl down on the table. "I uh really 
need to get out to those fields now," he said. "Sasami, the breakfast was 
wonderful as always, thank you."
	"You're welcome Tenchi!" Sasami smiled and waved to him as he dashed out 
the door.
	"Hey Tenchi! Get back here!" Ryoko shouted and took off after him.
	"Oh no you don't!" Cried Princess Ayeka as she followed the two out the 
front door.
	Washu sighed, its going to be another exiting day, she thought to herself.
	Noboyuki turned to Yosho and asked, "Hey, why can't they ever go after 
me?"


>>CHAPTER TWO<<    "No need for control"

	Another explosion rocked the Masaki household in much the same way Ayeka 
had when she first appeared. Bits of broken glass and other debris littered the 
surrounding area of where the blast had detonated. It was the fourth in a chain 
that had started no more than half an hour ago. "What is that?" Ryoko asked 
herself as she lay across a branch of one of the many cherry trees that lined 
the walkway to the Masaki shrine. Over at the household Mihoshi looked on at 
Washu panicked by the sudden explosion.
	"I'm sorry Miss Washu I won't do it again!" Mihoshi sobbed as she hid 
behind a chair in the living room. "I really didn't mean to change the channel 
that you were watching!"
	Washu turned her gaze away from Mihoshi and to the TV set. It was a mess; 
the set had been totally blown to bits. The few pieces that remained were 
scattered across the carpet like a game of 52-card pickup. "That's okay Mihoshi, 
you didn't know, but do you know what happened to the television?"
	"Oh thank you Miss Washu I am so sorry! I don't know that happened to the 
TV but does that mean that you are going to blow me up to!?"
	"No Mihoshi, no one is going to do any exploding today. Why don't you be a 
dear and fetch me a broom now please?"
	"Oh yes Miss Washu," Mihoshi smiled and dashed to the kitchen as Washu 
knelt to begin collecting the pieces of the destroyed TV.
	Man what happened there? She asked herself. It was me it really was but 
how? I didn't mean or want to cause the TV to explode but somehow I know it was 
me, I know it was me! She began to make a pile of the melted plastic, I'll leave 
the glass for later, wouldn't want to hurt myself now would I? She thought. I 
wasn't that mad at Mihoshi was I? No definitely not enough to- speaking of 
Mihoshi where's that broom? Oh well, Washu thought, looks like I will just have 
to go and get it for my self. She got up and walked into the kitchen where she 
had sent Mihoshi a minute before. As expected Mihoshi was nowhere to be seen but 
there was the broom propped up in the corner as she had remembered it. As Washu 
began her journey over to the broom she suddenly stopped and winced in pain. 
"Damn!" she cried out loud and looked down at her foot. A thin trickle of blood 
was beginning to peak out from under her foot and soak up into her sock. "Damn 
broken glass" she yelled and banged her fist aga!
inst the kitchen countertop. To her horror the countertop collapsed with a crash 
and dispersed its broken parts across the kitchen floor. What in the world? 
Thought Washu. I have no control over my powers, what is going on here? I really 
need to clean this mess up, she thought, so she did. A second after the thought 
crossed her mind the countertop on the floor was gone and replaced with a new 
one in its proper place, the glass in her foot and all the blood was gone, and 
when she entered the living room Washu found that even the TV was all cleaned up 
and a new one sat in its place. Why? Who? How? What the hell is going on!
	"I heard explosions and I came as fast as I could!" Tenchi said as he 
burst through the front door and into the room where Washu was standing. "Sorry 
I didn't come sooner but the fields are a long ways away. What's wrong Little 
Washu?"
	"Nothing Tenchi darling, nothing at all. I am just a wee bit confused 
right now and I could really use someone to explain all this to me. Or better 
yet, I could use someone to just make me forget about it all."  
	"Oh Washu," Tenchi beamed, "I love you so much."
	"Wha!?" Washu was completely taken aback by what he had just said.
	"Come here beautiful," Tenchi said as he pulled her close into his arms. 
"I'm here for you. Now, now, just close your eyes," he moved into kiss her and 
that's when she suddenly realized what had just happened. She had put this 
thought into his head.
	"Tenchi wait I!" 
	He froze, still holding her, his lips a torturing 2 millimeters from hers. 
Damn this! Washu thought to herself. Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!
	"Washu I," Tenchi looked into her eyes. "OH MY GOD LITTLE WASHU WHAT AM I 
DOING!" he shouted in his oh so wonderful way as he let her go and backed away. 
"I'm so sorry Washu I don't know what happened to me, wha- what came over me I, 
I, eek!"
	"Don't worry about it Tenchi," she told him, "you're okay. I actually 
kinnda liked it.... But don't you try it again got it!?"
	"Yes Little Washu, I'm sorry!"
	Oh please Tenchi, she thought, please try it again.
	          

>>CHAPTER THREE<<    "Hello Tsunami!"

	
	"Miss Washu...." a voice called out in the night. "Miss Washu...."
	"Wha-?" Washu sat up in bed again and found herself in the same place as 
the night before. The space around her was completely black and hanging from her 
body was a short white night dress with little frills at the end.  "Where are 
you, where am I for that matter? Someone answer me damn it!"
	"Miss Washu...."
	"Okay that's it!" said Washu as she bulled herself out of the bed and 
stood up. "Come here now! You're really gonna get it when I'm done with you!"
	"Oh I'm sorry Miss Washu," a small voice spoke up. Then Washu saw a small 
female figure appear before her. She wore a blue dress with an apron over top of 
it decorated by a carrot. Her hair was a vibrant blue and her bright pink eyes 
could melt even the hardest of hearts. "I only came to tell you that breakfast 
was ready."
	"Wait a minute. Sasami, breakfast is ready? Hey this is the same as last 
time!" Washu's body went cold and she sat up. Her heart was beating with the 
force of a jackhammer. "I woke up again," she softly spoke to herself. Washu 
knew even before she lay back down in an attempt to sleep that it would be 
useless. After half an hour of counting dots on the sealing she finally got 
herself up, changed her clothes, and got ready for her day. "Oh just look at the 
time," she said. "I'm up so much earlier than usual, guess I'll just go bathe 
and then eat." So once again she materialized all her bath necessities and 
headed out before the sun was up.

	The warm water of the unison ran a course down Washu's naked skin until it 
dropped back into its hot spring once again. It fell down on her head and traced 
her chin until it came to her neck where it fell straight down her chest and 
back until it reached her hips where it curved out and back in again onto her 
legs and down to splash in the hot spring bellow. Washu whistled a tune to 
herself as she spread the water around. "Well time for the soap," she mumbled as 
she turned to leave the waterfalls warm embrace. When she turned completely 
around she stopped all of a sudden. Before her was a misty two-dimensional 
figure with long flowing blue hair tied back into two tails. She wore a white 
and blue robe with a large decoration on the front that ran from the top of her 
neck and down past her breasts. Luscious pink eyes shown in her sockets and she 
bore two strangely colored dots on her forehead. Her image shown on the steam 
floating up from the Hot Springs.
	"Hello Washu," she said.
	"Tsunami," said Washu, "what in the world are you doing here? I haven't 
seen you for awhile."
	"Yes it has been awhile, ever since that night at the inn if I recall?"
	"Correct as usual, but why are you here?"
	"I came to see you Washu," Tsunami smiled. "I need to talk to you about 
what has been happening with you lately."
	"What's been happening to me?" Washu asked. "You mean my close to total 
loss of control over my abilities?"
	"Yes that is exactly what I mean. Do you think you are ready for this 
Washu?"
	"Ready for what?"
	"I am going to attempt and restore a portion of your memory to you, would 
you like me to proceed?"
	"Yes Tsunami please."
	"Very well then, here we go."

	The world around Washu was black. "Okay Tsunami I don't remember anything 
yet," she said. 
	"Just look," said Tsunami and then she pointed down past her feet. That 
was the moment when Washu realized that she was hovering and there was something 
going on below her. The whole surrounding was dark and the only things that 
shone were three people below Washu and Tsunami to her right. 
	"Who are they?" Washu asked as she hovered in closer to the figures. "Oh 
my god," she breathed, "Tsunami one of them is you, and that one there," she 
pointed, "the crumpled pitiful one. That's me."
	"Correct," Tsunami answered.
	"But who is the third woman?" Washu questioned in a puzzled tone. The 
woman in question was tall, the tallest of the three she wore a sparkling robe 
of gold brown and green. She had long flowing brown hair and a crimson oval 
pendent that hovered in front of her neck. Two white streamers and a gold ring 
flowed off of the pendent and around the woman. Washu then noticed her eyes, 
they were a deep purple and came to a sharp end at the sides of her face which 
was smooth and rounded as if it was an agate that had been placed inside a rock 
tumbler and left over night. "Who is she?" Washu asked.
	"That is your sister, Lady Tokimi," Tsunami replied.
	"My sister!" Washu looked surprised. "Hey wait a minute! Lady Tokimi, 
isn't that the same woman that Doctor Clay tried to haul me off to? Hmmmm."
	"Washu please watch," said Tsunami.
	"Oh yes, I almost forgot." Washu turned her head back to the scene below.
	"Do you agree with the judgment sister Washu?" Lady Tokimi asked. 
	"Yes please proceed."
	"Very well," after Tokimi spoke these words there was a brilliant collogue 
of lights and sounds as energy flew and the Washu below screamed.
	"What are you two doing to me?" Washu asked Tsunami as she watched.
	"Nearly all of your goddess powers were removed from you that day," she 
said. "The power that was taken from you was then placed into three gems. These 
gems were given to you and you were sent away to live in our present dimension. 
These gems that I speak of are the gems you gave to Ryoko. The same Gems that 
are now embedded in the sword Tenchi."
	"But why? Why was this done to me?"
	"That is something I don't believe you would want to remember."
	"Tell me Tsunami! You must tell me! What happened before this!? Why did 
you... huh?" Washu looked around and saw that she was back in the onsun where 
she had first seen Tsunami. "Oh darn she's gone!" Washu sighed.
	"whose gone Miss Washu?" a voice asked from behind her.
	Washu gave a little yell and turned around to see the smiling face of 
Sasami wearing a mask of curiosity. "Oh Sasami, you scared me." 
	"I'm sorry Miss Washu," giggled Sasami. "You sure are up early this 
morning."
	"Well I couldn't go back to sleep so I came here to get ready for the day. 
What about you Sasami? Are you always in the bath at this time?"
	"Yup I sure am!" smiled Sasami. "Now who was it that you were looking 
for?"
	"Oh. No one Sasami. No one at all."

	When she walked into the dinning area today Washu was very proud of 
herself. Not only had she managed to beat half the residents of the house to the 
morning meal but she had also remembered to wear clothes. She complimented 
herself and took her normal position to the right of Sasami. In a few short 
minutes the rest of the house was seated and ready to eat.  The meal began with 
Mihoshi pouring soup on herself after Tenchi asked her to pass him the orange 
juice. Then Ryo-Ohki got herself up to get another carrot from the kitchen and 
promptly fell over not long after that it was Ayeka and Ryoko's turn to begin 
the day's bout.
	"Ryoko," Ayeka began, "what's this I hear about you trying to sneak into 
Lord Tenchi'' room last night?"
	"What!?" Ryoko exclaimed as her face lit up brighter than a red stoplight. 
The moment was short lived however as she composed herself once again. "What are 
you talking about princess! Are you just making up stories again!?"
	"I most certainly am not!"
	"You are to!"
	"Am not!"
"You are a vicious liar and you KNOW it," said Ryoko.
	"Well even if I was you are nothing but a selfish, ugly, and unloved 
demon! Besides sneaking into Tenchi's room won't do you any good! He already 
told me that he can't stand to be around you! You're an old rotting carcass that 
should just go back to were it belongs and feed the crows!" Ayeka snapped, 
turned away and crossed her arms before her chest. She smiled, The old witch is 
going to have a hard time beating that one< she thought. Yet to everyone's 
surprise Ryoko didn't make an attempt at a come back, instead she began to cry.
	"Huh?" asked everyone at the table as they turned to look at the weeping 
space pirate.
	"That, that was mean," she sobbed into her hands. "That was so mean. How 
could you hate me that much?" Ryoko cried as she lifted her head up and let her 
streaming tears dive down into her cupped hands. "Ayeka? D- do you really hate 
me that much?"
	"Ryoko," Tenchi began.
	"Ryoko I," whispered Ayeka.
	"What's wrong with you!?" Ryoko screamed and ran out the back door towards 
the lake.
	"I wonder what that was all about," said Washu as she turned to watch 
Ryoko leave. Something is weird here today, thought Washu, very strange indeed.
	Breakfast ended and Tenchi went to the fields, Katsuhito went to his 
shrine, Noboyuki went off to work, Mihoshi fell asleep on the couch, Sasami 
cleaned up, Ayeka went to her room, and Washu departed for her lab. Not long 
after Washu began to type at her workstation there was a knock on her door. 
"Enter," she called. "Hello Miss Ayeka," Washu said.
	"Oh Miss Washu," said Ayeka, "how did you know it was me?"
	"Just a lucky guess," she turned to look at Ayeka. "So what do you think?"
	"About what?"
	"About Ryoko. I assume that's what you came here to speak to me about."
	"Well yes it is. I was wondering ah just what happened out there at 
breakfast? Do you know Miss Washu? What's wrong with Ryoko that is. I didn't 
mean to hurt her that badly, perhaps I just crossed the line a bit to far."
	"No Miss Ayeka you are fine in what you said, Ryoko is the one with the 
problem and from the looks of things it seems pretty big to me."
	"What exactly is it Miss Washu?" Ayeka asked as she took a step closer to 
the scientist. "Or are you at liberty to say?"
	"Well," began Washu, "the trouble started when I put Zero into Ryoko's 
body. You see Zero was all the feelings Ryoko kept deep inside. Her loves, her 
joy, her sorrow, her pain, all of her emotions were hidden in the first Ryoko. 
But then when I added Zero all those emotions mixed with Ryoko's mindset so 
Ryoko no longer has control over her emotions like she had before. It must be 
very hard for her. She cries because all the pain she felt before comes to the 
surface now. Sometimes I wonder if I should have ever created her in the first 
place. It's hard."
	"Very hard indeed," commented Ayeka.
	"To tell you the truth Ayeka I don't know how this all started, I don't 
know why, and I don't know if it will ever go away or if it will become a real 
problem. So what I'm saying is that I basically know absolutely nothing."
	"Oh, I'm sorry Miss Washu."
	"Not your fault Ayeka."
	"Well thank you," Ayeka turned to go.
	"Princess Ayeka," Washu called.
	"Yes Miss Washu?"
	"Do you know exactly how Tsunami talks through your sister?"
"Well I er, no I truly don't Washu. Why do you ask?"
	"No reason, no reason at all."
	"Goodbye now."
	"Goodbye."


>>CHAPTER FOUR<<    "Ryoko Zero"

	Ryoko sat sad and alone by the tranquil waters of the lake holding her 
knees in her arms. Oh no what's happening? She thought silently to herself as 
she sat and watched the water. What's wrong with me? Oh stop that now! You know 
damn well what's bothering you! Oh me, oh me. 
	"Ryoko?" a gentle voice asked from behind. Ryoko got up and turned to see 
Ayeka standing next to a tree facing her. "Ryoko I would like to talk to you. I 
am very sorry for what happened today at breakfast and-."
	"No!" Ryoko shouted at Ayeka. "Just go away you! You! You! AAAaaahhhh!" 
Ryoko screamed. "I'm sorry, I'm so, so sorry for being angry at you! Please 
forget that I yelled at you Ayeka! I'm SORRY!" Ryoko began to cry again as she 
vanished before Ayeka's gaping eyes.

	As the world faded in again Ryoko could make out the dark silhouette of 
her old cave. How terrible that place was. Why did I come here? I was trapped in 
there with no hope of escape and then... and then Tenchi. "Oh Tenchi! Tenchi, 
Tenchi, Tenchi," she pouted and fell to her knees at the mouth of the cave.
	"Ryoko?" a voice asked from behind. Ryoko spun startled by the noise and 
there stood Tenchi. "Ryoko," he said his voice gentle and concerned, "what's 
wrong? Do you need someone to talk to?"
	"Talk to?" she asked. "Do you really care about me?"
	"Of course I do," Tenchi said as he took a step closer to her, but he 
needn't move any farther. Ryoko ran to him and threw herself into his arms so 
forcefully that Tenchi had to catch he before she fell. 
	"Oh Tenchi!" she exclaimed with tears running down her cheeks. "I care for 
you so much!"
	"I care for you to Ryoko but what's this all about really?"
	"I came here because I thought no one would be here. No one ever comes 
here to this cave anymore. But you are here, now, you are here in our home."
	"Our home?" Tenchi looked surprised.
	"Yes," sobbed Ryoko, "our home. Tenchi you are the only one I can truly 
connect with, you are my only family."
	"Your family?"
	"Yes Tenchi my family, just you. You have a father and a grandfather. You 
had a mother and you have relatives. I have none of these. None of it except for 
you. I was born in a lab... my 'mother' created me. Why? I don't know, oh I 
don't know. Who knows how many years after that I spent in the power of Kagato? 
Killing, destroying, burning, and stealing. That was all I knew. Then after 
Yosho sealed me inside of this cave I realized that I was just alone as before. 
Everything was still cold and dark, nothing was different. But then you came 
along Tenchi and I... I had you. I watched you grow and we shared pain and love 
as a family does. Your first day to school, the death of your grandmother, your 
campouts and nights with Yosho, I have seen everything. Like a mother, or like a 
sister, or like something more. I want to share it, all of it with you! Washu 
likes to call herself my mother and I do know that she cares but I'm still just 
a machine. Yes a machine! But now, now I want a!
ll of these things I have told you about! Love, and family, is that really too 
much to ask? I think most people take it for granted but when its not there you 
know it. And I want it, I WANT IT!...." Ryoko broke off into a convulsive fit of 
weeping and Tenchi held her close.
	"Ryoko," he whispered, "Ryoko it's going to be okay, everything will be 
alright."
	"I love you," she cried into his sleeve, "oh Tenchi I love you! I am so 
beside myself I don't know what to do. I'm not Ryoko anymore, I know that. The 
Ryoko I knew had fun, but now look at how all of these things I have told you 
of. See how they chisel my face and break my spirit. Ryoko is gone now and there 
is nothing left but me! Nothing! Zero." 
	"Please Ryoko I'm here! Don't worry and stop this self destructive 
behavior!"
	"Tenchi...."
	"Ryoko I'm here.... Your family is here."
	"Oh Tenchi...."

	"That's what it is! I'm telling you that's what it is!" Washu dictated as 
she looked on at her daughter. The two of them were inside Washu's marine lab 
talking about the events of the day.
	"Well it does seem possible," Ryoko said as she sat on a brown cotton 
couch. "But I think my attitude is a lot stronger than her feelings."
	"No, no, no!" Washu said as she paced around the room. "That's exactly 
what's wrong! You, Ryoko, still think of yourself as two different people in one 
body and that's why you cannot balance between the two and make one! There is 
only one Ryoko, got it? Everything you feel and everything that you do is done 
by Ryoko, so you are just going to have to get used to it, got it?"
	"Yes mother."
	"Okay darling now that we've got that settled try and get yourself some 
rest. You've had a tiring day."

	Far off in the center of the universe the guardian kept watch over his 
people. He watched them do this and that, he watched them be born, he watched 
them die, and he watched their everyday lives. "Guardian," a voice echoed in the 
stillness.
	"Lady Tokimi, how do you do?" The guardian responded.
	"Very well thank you," came Lady Tokimi's voice soft and low.
	"What can I do for you my Lady."
	"I need you to show me the location of my sisters Washu and Tsunami."
	"Very well my Lady. They are currently at the Masaki residence on planet 
Earth. The same place as that boy."
	"Yes.... May I step into your realm Guardian?"
	"Yes of course your majesty."
	"Thank you. Oh and one more thing before I go."
	"Yes your majesty?" the guardian asked.
	Lady Tokimi raised one gigantic hand and pointed it at the guardian. "My 
Lady no!" shouted the Guardian, but it was too late. He was entirely erased as 
if he had never existed. His entity disappeared and the bright red gem he wore 
in his audience room shattered into millions of pieces that began to float 
freely in space.
	Lady Tokimi lowered her hand and smiled. "Goodbye Guardian."


PREVIEW OF NEXT INSTALLMENT!:

CHAPTER FIVE     "Here Comes Tokimi!"  
