Three Hundred Years in the Making
A Tenchi Muyo! Fan fiction attempt by Jerico Mele

        To Washuu it seemed a shame to lose so
much information about the real nature of time by
assigning it a simple numerical and alphabetical
relationship, but she supposed that most people on this
little planet couldn’t be bothered with doing four dimensional
manifolds in their heads whenever anyone asked what time it was.
So she used the simple alphanumerical approximation that
had come into use on this planet.
        “Seven AM,” she said to herself, “a beautiful sunrise,”
she concluded, working out the local time index in her head.
        To Washuu little things like that were the little perks
to interpersonal relationship, namely an excuse to sharpen her
mathematical skills and conceptual grasp on the shape of the
universe, all 17 dimensions of it. Sure, she could approximate
by ignoring the tenth order derivations and beyond, but where
would the fun be in that?
        Still, she admitted grudgingly, the sight of a G class
solar body cresting the terminator and the resultant cascade of
photons was a sight that could lose nothing in translating back
to simple terms.
Washuu sat back, enjoying the sight and silence. Sunday mornings
at the Masaki residence were true periods of tranquility, usually
reserved only for herself and Grandpa. And since Grandpa had left
for the Shrine a few moments before, Washuu was by herself.
        Then a yelp sounded from upstairs, signaling the start of
a new day at the Masaki residence. Judging from the vocal pattern,
Washuu thought, that would be Tenchi. And given previous behavioral
information, it would seem that Ryoko decided to ‘wake’ him up again.
Washuu’s reasoning was confirmed a moment later by the screams of
“Ryoko! Cut it out!”
        With a gesture Washuu summoned her computer from its hiding place,
wrapped up in seven or eight dimensions that humanity wouldn’t know
about for a couple hundred years. Or until they get a good
control over Planck scale energy reaction, she mused. She opened
the file marked ‘Ryoko’ and added a 3/4 errect cabbit under the
heading ‘wakes Tenchi with sexual activity' (a guess she approved
of due to the volume and pitch of the scream). I hope the remotes
manage to infiltrate his room soon, she thought as she began
another run of her personality simulator, so I can get more
specific data. Otherwise, she continued silently, all these
simulations are so much chaotic junk. The computer returned her an
error string, the specifics of which she couldn’t be bothered to
read just yet, so she sent the computer away.
        “Oh Ryoko,” she said silently as she contemplated her
daughter’s methods of seduction. Like everything else she did
it was so…unsubtle. Then she picked out noises coming from the
rooms above. The door to the  bathroom, she suspected. It seemed
that Tenchi’s yelp acts like an alarm clock, with everyone’s day
beginning along with his.
        Idly, Washuu called back her computer and activated the
bathroom monitors (she had carefully excluded Noboyuki from their
activation protocols shortly after meeting him, assuming that no
data gathered from him would be worth the sights that might greet
her). Ryoko, Sasami and Ayeka were all beginning their morning
bath.
        A bath could be good, Washuu thought, tired of the
hygienic nanites that had kept her almost hospital clean for the
last ten thousand years or so. Nothing like a relaxing bath, she
continued silently. But she couldn’t take herself away from the
sight of the sun as it continued its slow (relative to
her anyway) advance across the sky. So she waited on the porch,
at least until the others drove her away with their unenlightened
conversation.
        Then she heard a beep from nowhere and bolted upright.
Her computer reappeared from n-space and displayed a message
she had recorded 300 years ago, while in Kagato’s trap.
        “Oh my!” she exclaimed, “today’s the day already?”
        She turned and entered the house, running as fast as her
legs could carry her. Tenchi was coming down the stairs at a time
as close to simultaneous as Einstein would allow, and smiled when
he saw Washuu.
        “Good morning, Washuu,” he said happily, only to have her
streak by with a muted “That’s Washuu-chan!” before she disappeared
into her laboratory.
        “Wonder what she’s running from,” he said nervously,
looking out the door for something that could scare off the
Universe’s Greatest Genius ™. Not finding anything in the normal
Masaki scenery he shrugged and continued towards the
kitchen, waiting for Sassami to come and make breakfast.

        Tenchi’s good humor ran out a few moments after Sassami
told him to get Washuu for breakfast. Actually his good humor ran
out a few seconds before she asked him, his highly developed sense
of paranoia tipping him off by noticing Sasami’s face puckering up
to ask him a favor. Logic dictated that due to the circumstances
he would be entering the laboratory very soon.
        So Tenchi worked up his courage and walked towards the
door that led to Washuu’s hideaway. In the back of his mind an
old song played. He couldn’t understand the words, it being an
American song from long ago, but the mood suited the situation
        Tenchi knocked at Washuu’s door softly, hoping that he
wouldn’t be heard. Unfortunately he was incorrect in his attempt
at underhandedness, as the door opened silently on its own. He
stepped into the laboratory, faint tingle rippling across his
body as he passed the threshold. All the hyper-dimensional rooms
did that to him, but he was too nervous to really worry about it
whenever he passed through one.
        The laboratory never ceased to awe him, even in the face
of mortal terror. It seemed so wrong that there was more space in
this room than in the house itself. He followed the steps, keeping
silent, his plan to surprise Washuu with the news of breakfast then
run screaming out of the lab.  He was also careful not to touch
anything, partially because he was a polite boy and partially due
to abject terror over destroying the house, Japan or the World.
        He reached Washuu’s work area after a few moments of descent.
It was unusually quiet, which was slightly disturbing, but he managed
to contain his fear and glance around for Washuu. After a few moments
he managed to pick out her form, hidden among the various apparatus
that always seemed to be glowing or moving or both. After checking
behind him for any ambulatory chairs or racks he walked over and
said hello.
        “Tenchi! How are you doing?” Washuu said.
        Something about how she said it made him nervous. Or perhaps
it was Washuu’s visible nervousness that set him off. She seemed to
be blocking his view of something with her body, no simple task for
such a small girl’s body.
        “Ah, Sasami asked if you’d like breakfast,” he said, nonchalantly
checking the area behind him in case she was still
planning something, then attempting to move slightly to the side
to see behind Washuu. Though she did it subtly he noticed she
still blocked his view.
        “Are you working on anything special,” he asked, curiosity
overpowering
his self-preservation instincts.
        “Oh no,” she said, quickly, stepping from foot to foot in
a fashion that indicated otherwise. Tenchi silently marked down the
time and date as the first time Washuu had ever been nervous without
Mihoshi being present. “Just something I cooked up a little while
ago.” She giggled a little as she finished.
        “Would you like to come up for breakfast?”
        “Certainly.” She stuck her arm out for Tenchi, who
reluctantly took it. “After you.”
        Tenchi led her up the stairs, noticing that she still
managed to keep herself directly between him and whatever it was
she was working on.

        Mihoshi looked around, enchanted with the view out the window.
Spectacular, she thought, then giggled. So much going on out there,
she thought. So much to do and see.
        “Oh,” she gasped as a hummingbird settled over the flower
she had been watching for the last couple of minutes. All around
her, breakfast was being consumed at a rate that would surprise
anyone not familiar with the eaters. For such skinny girls, she
thought, we do eat a lot. Then she whimpered as she began worrying
about her figure.
        “Do you like it, Mihoshi?” Sassami asked innocently.
        “Yes!” Mihoshi yelled as she stood up and ran off.
        “What happened there?” Ryoko asked as she watched her
run off. Then she looked around surreptitiously and grabbed the
bowl of soup that had set Mihoshi to running off. She grinned.
        “Ryoko you are the most despicable thief I’ve ever
encountered,” Ayeka’s royal voice rang out. Ryoko winced, and
turned to face her.
        “Please, Princess. Its too early to hear your shrill
voice.”
        “Lazy and a thief,” Ayeka responded, crossing her arms
and snorting in a surprisingly royal manner. “I guess you
haven’t changed a great deal in 700 years.”
        Nearly everyone at the table dove for cover, with the
exception of Washuu, who retrieved her computer from somewhere
and began taking notes. An expression of concentrated joy crossed her
face as she waited for the fun to start. Energy levels to chart,
she thought happily, and biopsychic impressions to monitor.  She felt
the rush of adrenaline racing through her daughter’s body through the
psychic link.
Neural feedback data, too, she added excitedly.
        “Excuse me, Ayeka-chan,” Ryoko replied in a sweet tone, “I didn’t
mean
to steal what your family
worked so hard on. Or was it what you worked so hard to steal so long
ago.”
        “What?” Ayeka yelled, anger building at her the insult to her
family’s
honor.
        “You never learned much in the way of history, did you?” Ryoko
mocked.
        Interesting, Washuu thought. Perhaps she’s not so hopeless after
all.
Then she worked out a couple
equations involving the probability of that statement, and sighed at the
result.
        “You brigand! How dare you imply that my family has, has, stolen
anything,” Ayeka replied,
having trouble getting the words out. “We merely took the spoils of war.
You simply took. Mummy,” she
finished as Washuu added a cabbit to her tally under Ayeka that read
‘Resorts to immaturity during
fight with Ryoko.’
        “Prude.”
        “Harlot!”
        “Snob!”
        “Arrgh!” Ayeka yelled as she got to her feet. Tenchi got between the
angry girls and Sassami,
hoping to stop any debris with his body. He groaned in anticipation of
the damage he would have to repair
when this was all over.
        “I have taken enough of your insults, tramp,” she said in a cold
tone.
        “Take your best shot, princess,” Ryoko replied, turning the title
into
an insult.

        “Wow,” Mihoshi breathed as the sights and sounds of Washuu’s lab.
She
didn’t come here too
often, almost never alone after the others realized the consequences of
such inattentiveness. It amused
Washuu to no end that Mihoshi, the Galaxy Police officer, was more
impressed by her room than a bunch
of natives from a backwater planet. Or it had amused her until Mihoshi
managed to destroy the matter-
antimatter containment system that had been powering the little Genius’
experimental toaster oven.
        “Wow,” she said again, gazing at the coffee table sized 1000 GeV
particle accelerator that served
Washuu as a coffee table with blinking lights. Her hands were drawn
towards the buttons and controls that
dotted the beaten surface of the table/particle accelerator. The tiny
portion of her brain not engaged with the
strange sequence of blinking lights and flashing readouts reminded her
of the last time she pushed a button
in Washuu’s lab.
        The memory of people yelling and screaming, along with a not small
dose
of pain enhanced
memory managed to persuade Mihoshi’s hand. Pursing her lips slightly she
controlled herself. She sniffed
slightly as a familiar odor wafted across the room.
        “Coffee cake?” she asked the room. After waiting for an answer, she
followed her nose (it seemed
it always knows) towards the back of the lab. A small podium, a stand
really, with what looked like a
microwave on top, stood against a wall of machinery. Warnings and
messages were plastered all over it, in
a selection of languages that ranged from Kanji and English to Jurian
and Gutter Andromedan. Mihoshi
didn’t notice these of course, but stared at the object hovering in the
microwave window.
        “It is coffee cake,” she said quietly, so as not to disturb the
silence
that coated the lab. She bit her
finger, a sign of intense (for Mihoshi) concentration. It looked so
good, she couldn’t really help herself
from reaching out towards it…

        Upstairs, breakfast was progressing normally. A ring of floating
logs
circled Ryoko as she
growled at Ayeka, a low hum filling the room. Tenchi was dragging a
protesting Sassami behind the
counter as Washuu looked on, briefly taking notes on her computer,
apparently unconcerned at the carnage
that could break out any moment.
        Fortunately for the Masaki residence, a massive explosion blew the
door
that led to Washuu’s lab
off its hinges. It sailed into the kitchen, smashing into Ryoko. Washuu
began moving almost
instantaneously, sprinting as fast as her little legs would carry her.
Her brain had already determined what
had happened, and she let out a blood curdling scream: “Mihoshi!!!!” she
bellowed in a voice several
octaves too low.
        Then she was gone, down into the lab. The puzzled remainders of the
breakfast group looked at
each other in confusion, then followed Washuu at a more cautious pace,
waiting for Ryoko to dig herself
out.
        Tenchi led the expedition, mostly out of curiosity as opposed to any
sense of chivalry. Ayeka
followed closely behind him, still stifling laughter at the look on
Ryoko’s face after the door smashed her.
Ryoko and Sassami were last, Sassami acting as a buffer between her
sister’s back and the angry space
pirate.
        Smoke clouded the room, turning Washuu’s lab into a slightly more
threatening place. There was
more movement than they were all accustomed to, a side effect of the
machines attempting to minimize the
damage to the rest of the experiments Washuu was running.
        “Washuu?” Tenchi asked. Upon receiving no answer he led the group
towards the place he had
found Washuu earlier that morning. He noticed that the smoke thickened
here, and that there was a thin
paste covering everything within a couple meters of ground zero. Washuu
was kneeling in front of the
epicenter, head resting on her chest, expression of extreme depression
gracing her cute face.
        “Washuu,” Tenchi said tentatively. “Is everything all right?”
        Behind him, he heard Ryoko sniffing. “What’s that smell?” she asked.
Tenchi picked it out too, a
faintly familiar, but definitely appetizing odor that saturated the
room.
        “It smells like…kind of like coffee,” Ayeka commented, noticing
Sassami
tasting a bit of the
paste. “Don’t do that,” she shrieked. “It could be poisonous.”
        “I found Mihoshi!” Ryoko yelled from across the lab. She dragged a
dazed and slightly singed
Mihoshi from underneath a coffee table. “She’s all right.”
        “Must’ve been the sucrose alignment array,” Washuu said quietly. “Or
possibly the coffee
compression system. Mihoshi,” she said the word with great distaste,
“managed to pick the most unstable
process to interrupt.”
        “What was that thing, Washuu.”
        “Old family recipe,” the little genius said sadly. “What you humans
call coffee cake. I started this
one off during my imprisonment onboard the Soja. About Lamba cee to the
thirteenth ago,” she said.
        Everyone looked at her. “All right,” she said, “three hundred years
or
so ago,” she translated,
silently adding ‘barbarians’ to her speech.
        “I didn’t know you could cook, Washuu,” Sassami asked.
        “Washuu-chan,” she corrected absentmindedly. “Cooking is an art,
Sassami. Baking,” her
expression changed from one of depression to pure joy, “is a science!”
        “Why’d the coffee cake explode,” Ryoko asked.
        “You can’t rush a good cake,” Washuu said with a straight face.
        The others collapsed with a groan. Washuu stared around in
confusion.
“What?” she asked. “Its
the third law of glucose dynamics.”

Authors Drivel:
        This is still my first non Eva fanfic. This being the second draft
(take 2) of this little story I’d like to address some of the C&C I
received:
- The continuity used is OAV. Any TV elements that crept in have been
removed
- Mihoshi’s character is (in my opinion) justified as plot advancement
- I tried to increase the roles of Ryoko and Ayeka, or at least expand
the reasons behind their
fighting
-      The Fruit Loops reference was removed.
 By Jerico Mele, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Society for Creative
Interpretation of Reality.
