Time for Sorrow, Time for Joy (Who and Who are Doing
What Since When!?)

By DuoLordOfDeath and his friend Quatre who doesn’t
have a name here so we ain’t puttin’ one

Disclaimer: We only own the story idea, not the
characters and places! So keep your blood-sucking
lawyers in their caskets and crypts!!

Note:  Most history and characters from ‘Tenchi Muyo’
and ‘Tenchi in Tokyo’





                “Outpost One to Base! Outpost One to
Base! We are under attack!  Please send reinforcements
as soon as possible! Our troops cannot withstand much
more without backup! Our supplies are exhausted and
our ammunition is quickly running out! The creatures
have broken through our main line of defense! Base, do
you read!? Base…” The transmission was cut off as a
grotesque creature came up from behind the young
commander and sank its foul, unearthly fangs into the
human’s soft flesh. Blood spattered across the video
screen as the alien beast devoured the man, forcing
pieces of bone and metal down its long, slimy gullet.
Behind the creature, more of its own kind was invading
the small outpost, sweeping their home planet clean of
any proof that human men and women had tried to
colonize the rough, haggard terrain. Smoke billowed up
from the many separate, smaller outposts as waves of
the black, bug-like beings struck, and swirled
menacingly into the orangey-colored atmosphere.
Bloodcurdling screams of men, women, and children
filled the evening air, swept over the land by the
coarse, dirt-scented wind. And although the men and
women fought valiantly to save their small homes, they
were horridly outnumbered. They didn’t stand one bit
of a chance against these alien killing machines.



                “Hehehe! I love this!! Get’em! Rip his
head off! Do it do it!! YES! Hahahaha!!!! Now, tell me
this isn’t the best movie we’ve ever gotten?! It’s a
whole lot better than what Princess Ayeka over there
would’ve rented, that’s for sure.” Ryoko replied from
her perch in midair. She punched the air and laughed
loudly as the aliens on the television screen
continued to kill the human colonists. Below her, on
the couch, the aforementioned Princess Ayeka looked
disgusted.  She closed her violet eyes and shook her
head, her dark lilac hair moving gently as she did so.

                “Of course, leave it to that devil
woman to pick a film that’s as ghastly as this one.
How could anyone even watch this kind of movie? I
definitely would not let Sasami watch it, and I
wouldn’t watch it either, if I could help it. And
then, she has to go and make this already unpleasant
experience even more unbearable by screaming and
yelling like some uncultured heathen.” Ryoko, however,
was too busy yelling to hear the Juraian princess’s
snide remark, and went on whooping enthusiastically.

                “Uhhghhh…I’m not feeling too good…this
movie is starting to make me sick…” came Mihoshi’s
weak voice from the floor. She was swaying slightly
left and right.  “Kiyone, do you have a trash can or
something?” she replied, looking slightly green in her
usually tanned face.

                Kiyone sighed and went to the bathroom
and quickly came back with a small trashcan. As she
handed it to her blond partner, she sighed in slight
exasperation.  “Well, I must admit, it’s a lot better
than what Mihoshi usually chooses when it’s her turn.”

                “But, Kiyone, I like that Pokemon
show…” Mihoshi said weakly. Kiyone shook her head and
walked back over to where she had been leaning on the
wall, and continued to watch the movie.

                “Hey!? Oh My God?! They…they stole my
idea for my latest invention!?” cried Washu, who
jumped up and looked scandalized. She pointed
furiously at a rather large and menacing looking
machine on the screen, which, oddly enough, was a
large atomotizer that the characters were going to use
on the creatures’ home planet to rid their outposts of
the aliens’ pestilence.

                Ryoko looked a bit skeptical. “And
what was your invention going to be used for, exactly,
Washu?”

                Washu looked at her “daughter” and
smirked superiorly.  “The mechanisms for that
particular invention are so complex that you would not
be able to comprehend them, Ryoko. Even I had trouble
figuring them out! I could’ve destroyed the Earth with
it while tinkering with it!”

                Ryoko looked at her blandly. “In other
words, you don’t know either. Okay, then…” And Ryoko
went back to the movie.

                Washu looked around the room silently
after deciding not to further delve into her argument
with the light haired demon, and sighed. No one was
paying attention to her any longer, and for this, she
was grateful. She needed to think about a few things.
No one noticed her slip out of the house and into the
darkening evening air…



                “Man, I’m exhausted...hope Sasami has
dinner ready soon,” sighed Tenchi as he stepped inside
his house and wiped his brow. He smiled at the
collection of girls that sat in front of the
television, who were all watching a movie that seemed
really gory and loud. He walked up behind the couch
and looked at the screen. “What are you girls
watching?”

                “Some horrid movie called ”Earth
Outpost # 115”. Thank God that it’s almost dinnertime.
Then we can finally turn it off.” Ayeka replied, her
hands crossed in her lap.

                Tenchi looked around a bit and looked
a bit confused. “Where’s Miss Washu? Doesn’t she
usually watch movies with you guys when you rent
them?”

                Ayeka looked at him and looked a bit
worried, as though she had just noticed that the
red-haired scientist was missing. “I’m not sure where
she went, Lord Tenchi. She was with us earlier…”

                Tenchi nodded and left the small group
to go look for his red haired friend. He thought that
perhaps she was back in her lab taking some research
on some Universe-shattering experiment, as she usually
would be doing while in her lab if she wasn’t trying
to destroy the universe, messing with dimensional
portals, or making robotic replicas of herself. He
knocked gently on the door to the broom closet, and
when there was no reply, he walked in and glanced
around a room that most definitely was not a broom
closet.. There was her black shadow laptop, sitting
unattended on an invisible table, a screensaver of
little crabs puttering across the screen. Many
creatures swam and moved about in separate, rather
large containers, including the Masses, which Ryo-Ohki
and Ryoko were partially spawned from. But it wasn’t
the fascinating creatures from other worlds and
dimensions that caught Tenchi’s ebony eyes. It was a
small table, obscured from the rest of the amazing
laboratory, which made him blink in surprise.  As he
neared it, he noticed many different objects that
Washu had never made a bother to show him, nor anyone
else. Dolls, letters, and other items littered the
table in an organized mess.  In one of the corners sat
a well polished, beautifully kept picture frame, made
of gracefully molded silver. Tenchi picked up the
picture and gazed at it in silent awe. The photograph
was one of long ago, he could tell that much. It was
of Washu and her family, long before she had ever met
him and the other girls. She was smiling and holding a
small baby in her arms. She appeared older than Tenchi
had seen her in a while, and her husband, a tall,
handsome blond haired man, was standing behind her
smiling just as broadly as she was. He felt surprised
and saddened at the same time, for she had told him
what had become of her family those many centuries
ago.

                As Tenchi was about to put the picture
back though, the table and all its contents vanished,
as though he had discovered a secret that he was not
supposed to. When he glanced back at the picture
frame, he saw that the picture too, had vanished,
leaving the frame alone, tarnished and beaten, like an
ancient relic of the long forgotten past.

                Startled, he took a few steps
backwards, letting the now pinkish red frame clatter
to the floor. He turned and began to make his way to
the dimensional portal between the lab and his home,
feeling guilty and confused. He felt as though he had
trespassed on something that Washu may not have wanted
him to find, and confused at the mysterious
disappearance of the toys and letters upon the table.
“What could she be hiding?” He wondered as he opened
the small oval shaped door.

As he stepped back out into the living room, he heard
Sasami’s small, cheerful voice call out, “Supper’s
ready! Wash up!” Immediately, the entire living room
was cleared out, except for Mihoshi, who sat in the
floor for a few minutes until finally realizing what
the small turquoise haired princess had said. He
walked towards the kitchen and smiled at them a bit as
he slipped his jacket on.

                “Guys, I’m going to go find Miss Washu
and get her for supper. Go ahead and start without us,
I’ll hurry.”

                “Alright, Tenchi, but hurry back
before it gets cold!” Sasami said, and waved as he
stepped out of the house and into the cool night
breeze…



               A full moon shone brightly on Juraian
heir as he walked quietly down a worn path on the
hills of the countryside.  Down a few old stone steps,
over a worn cobblestone walkway, and he was in the
thick woods surrounding his rural home.  The night air
was surprisingly cool to the boy’s lightly covered
body, and he shivered from it.  The crickets sang a
gentle lullaby to the night as he soundlessly came out
of the woods into a large clearing.  It was the nearby
bluff on his family’s land.  Trees and rivers spread
for miles below its rocky face, a rolling sea of deeps
greens and blues in the night.  He heard a sigh
directly ahead of him.

               It was Washu, the red-haired scientist
of wonder.  She stood on the edge of the bluff, gazing
longingly up at the twinkling stars, her only
companions in the lonely night.  The gentle moonlight
cast a silvery glow about her features, making her
seem but an abandoned creature of the night, forgotten
and unloved.  “I feel as empty as that picture frame,
Tenchi,” she said finally, without the young man
saying a word.

               “How…  how did you know about that,
Miss Washu?” he asked, astonished at her
understanding.

               It’s just like it was before…  They
were taken while I was away…” she replied, holding
herself tightly, trying not to cry.

               “What do you mean?”

               “After they were taken, I felt just as
lonely as the moon that soars up there in the heavens.
 They were my whole world, Tenchi.  I loved them so
much…  I thought that I would die when they were lost
to me…  I feel so guilty for not being there, not
begging them to stay.  Even now, almost ten thousand
years later, it haunts my dreams still.  Why did they
have to leave me, Tenchi, why?” She paused.  “But I
guess that their lives have turned out for the better,
now that they don’t have me bringing them down…” She
turned to him slowly.  “The anniversary of that day is
coming near, Tenchi, and every day that it draws
nearer, my world crumbles further into oblivion…  But
I guess it’s hard for you to feel the way I feel, with
so many people around that care for you…”

               He looked at her carefully.  “No,
Washu, I understand what you are going through
completely.  I only grew up with half a family,
really.  My mother died when I was very young, as you
know…  And now, the time is coming near when I lost
the only woman that I ever truly loved.  Sometimes I
still don’t understand why Sakuya had to be taken away
from me.   Even though it has only been a year, and I
have not lived my life with the pain as you have,
Washu, I still identify with your troubles…”
             The pair looked at each other silently
for a few moments, regarding the other’s feelings for
a moment.  But their serenity was shattered by the
quite unmistakable shouts of Ryoko and Ayeka, and a
loud explosion.  “Your ladies are waiting for you,
Tenchi.” Washu said with a downtrodden sigh. At this,
he laughed nervously and smiled. She smiled as well.
“Thank you, Tenchi.”

                “Don’t mention it, Little Washu,” he
said, smiling a small crooked grin.  The two began to
walk down the worn path silently, until Tenchi
remembered his manners.  “Oh!  You must be cold!  It’s
really cool out here!  Where are my manners?  Please,
take my coat, Miss Washu!”

               Washu chuckled, “Thanks.”  She took the
coat and draped it over her shoulders, and the duo
continued their short walk to the house, hoping and
praying that the routine war on the premises would be
over before they arrived…



                Thankfully, the fiasco between Ayeka
and Ryoko has been subdued (for the time being) before
the two had arrived. Tenchi and Washu sighed mentally
as they stepped onto the slightly blackened porch and
walked into the expansive living room. A few grumbles
and a bit of growling were coming from the dining
room, and as they entered, a loud exclamation met
their arrival.

                “Hey hey hey!! And where were you two
while we were sitting here eating?” Tenchi’s father,
Nobayuki, asked, grinning broadly in mischief.

                Tenchi and Washu stopped dead as this,
and silence reigned for all of about 3 seconds before
the room erupted in an assortment of laughs, grumbles,
and words. Washu was also one who was laughing, if
only to cover what sadness she had revealed to Tenchi.
Tenchi, on the on the other hand, was scandalized.

                “DAD?! I went to go find Miss Washu
for dinner, that’s all!”

                Nobayuki looked at his son in amused
skepticism.  “Oh, really? That’s all. Well then, how
do you explain the jacket she’s wearing, hmm?”

                “Oboy…Dad, it is a bit cold outside,
you know,” Tenchi replied, his hand on his forehead in
exasperation.

                Lord Tatsuhito, Tenchi’s grandfather,
chuckled, his arms crossed over his chest.  “Now,
Tenchi, you should be a bit more careful around the
ladies, or my son here may get slightly jealous.”

                Nobayuki blushed and went back to
eating his dinner, while the room burst into raucous
laughter again. Tenchi and Washu took their respective
places at the low-lying table, also chuckling, when
Mihoshi interrupted again, creating another silence.

                “I don’t get it, now what was so
funny?”

                And once again, the Masaki household
dinner was filled with laughter.



                After the dishes were washed and the
table was cleared, (mostly to the efforts of Sasami,
Kiyone, and Tenchi), everyone began to slowly make
their way to their own rooms, labs, pallets, etc. The
atmosphere had become one of drowsiness and fatigue,
and as Tenchi began to leave the kitchen and head for
his own room upstairs, he caught a glimpse of Washu
about to walk into her lab. He smiled as he began to
head up the stairs and nodded at her.

                “Good night, Little Washu.”

                Washu looked up at him and smiled a
bit, then walked into her laboratory, her pinkish hair
moving as she disappeared behind the broom closet
door.  Tenchi sighed tiredly and continued his ascent
up the cool wooden stairs. He opened the door to his
darkened room and flipped on a light as he walked
across the floor. He changed into a pair of light
brown drawstring pants and a dark blue shirt, and as
he turned off the light and slid under the cool covers
of his bed, his thoughts drifted to his previous
conversation with Washu and what he had revealed to
the red-haired scientist. He gazed out of the large
window next to his bed, and the silvery moon caught
his gaze. He remembered again the picture frame and
what Washu had said about it and the moon, and sighed.
These thoughts plagued him until he had finally fallen
asleep.