Disclaimer:  Tenchi Muyo is the property of AIC and Pioneer LDC.  
The only character I own is Carvin Kenzaki.  Please don't sue me.
BTW:  This story takes place in the OAV universe before Manatsu 
no Eve but after Kiyone joins the cast.

Time's Vendetta



	Carvin Kenzaki walked alongside the king of Jurai, 
swishing the wine in his glass around.  The king smiled at 
him and shook his head.  "You've come a long way, Carvin,"  
he commented.
	"Thank you, Your Majesty.  That means a lot coming from 
you."
	The king shot him a look.  "I told you, Carvin, it's 
'Tenchi,' not 'Your Majesty.'  We *are* family, after all."
	Carvin smiled.  "As you wish, Tenchi."
	Tenchi Masaki laughed.  He shook his head again.  "Director 
of the new Temporal Security Service.  It's a well deserved 
promotion, Carvin.  Congragulations."
	Carvin's smile became a little more relaxed.  "Thanks.  
There are those who think I got it because of my relationship 
with...."
	Tenchi turned to him.  "*Never* believe that, Carvin.  
I watched your career progress.  If I didn't think you could 
do the job, I wouldn't have pushed for your appointment.  You 
*earned* it."
	"That means even more, Tenchi."
	Tenchi smiled.  "Are you going to exercise your right 
to lead some missions yourself?"
	Carvin shook his head.  "I made a promise to my wife.  
The last time, was the *last* time."
	"You gonna miss it?"
	Carvin turned to him incredulously.  "'Miss it?'  Miss 
what?  Being dropped into Tsunami knows where, on a mission I 
only half understand, to stop an assassin I've never seen from 
killing a person I've never met, while the local authorities 
do their damndest to stop me?"  He shook his head.  "No, I'm 
looking forward to a nice, quiet desk job."
	Tenchi smiled.   "That's a lie and you know it."
	"Not really.  It'll give me more time to spend with 
Sasami, which is good...given our situation."
	Tenchi arched an eyebrow.  "Situation?"
	Carvin threw him a look and smiled slightly.
	Realization struck Tenchi like a truck.  He grinned.  
"You dog," he said in awe.  "Congragulations!  How far along?"
	Carvin's smile got wider.  "Three weeks."
	"And the doctors haven't found anything wrong..."
	The TSS agent shook his head.  "As far as they can tell, 
the assimilation is having no impact whatsoever.  They gave 
us the green light."
	Tenchi laughed and slapped his friend on the back.  
"Now we have something *else* to celebrate!"
	"Don't let on that you know,"  Carvin begged him.  
"Sasami wants to be the one to tell you and Ayeka."
	"I promise.  Not a word."  Tenchi shook his head.  
"I'm happy for you two.  And so will Ayeka."
	"Where is Ayeka?  Sasami said she'd meet us at the 
restauraunt in twenty minutes.  We're going to have to 
leave soon."
	"She's putting Little Yosho down to bed.  She'll 
be ready to go in a few minutes."

	Queen Ayeka of Jurai hugged the infant close to her 
in the dark room as she sang.  It was an old lullaby, one 
that Washu had taught her after Yosho was born.

	"April roses, tiny sparrows,
	Comets, bright and new,
	All belong together,
	With the mystery,
	That is you."

	She continued to sing until she felt that the baby was 
asleep.  Then, carefully, she placed her son in his crib.  
She stood there a moment, smiling, looking at the little 
miracle she and Tenchi had created together.  It was still 
a humbling experience.  
	She tensed suddenly.
	She didn't have to see the shadow moving behind her to 
know that something was wrong.  She felt...cold.  There was 
something wrong here.
	"Azaka?" she whispered.  "Kamidake?"  There was no answer.  
The feeling of dread overcoming her was intensifying.  She 
swallowed nervously and picked Little Yosho up out of his 
crib.  The baby woke up and began to cry.
 	"Shhhhh," she tried to soothe him.  "It's okay," she 
said nervously.  "Let's go see Daddy, okay?"
	She started for the door, looking over her shoulder as 
she increased her pace.  Looking behind her, she failed to see 
the threat in front of her and bumped right into it.
	Ayeka took a step back, her eyes going wide in shock.
	"Ryo..."
	She didn't get the rest of the name out of her mouth.  
In a flash, Ryoko's lightsword scythed around, cutting into 
Ayeka's throat.  Blood splattered onto the wall next to them.  
Ayeka, the baby still in her arms fell to the ground.
	Ryoko stood over Ayeka's cooling body and the screaming 
infant.  She looked at the blood on the wall and smiled.  She 
knelt down and pulled Ayeka up by the front of her kimono, 
bringing her face within inches of her own.  Ryoko looked into 
her dead, purple eyes and snarled.  With a quick movement, she 
spit in the dead woman's face.  She turned her attention to 
the wall....

	Tenchi and Carvin had stopped in front of a painting of 
one of Ayeka's ancestors.  Carvin examined it, looking for the 
resemblance to his wife or sister in law, but not finding any.
	"So, Carvin, what do you have planned for the TSS?"  
Tenchi asked him.  "I've had three defense ministers come to
me with worries that you plan to consolidate their offices 
under yours."
	Carvin shook his head.  "Nothing so grand, Tenchi.  
There are limits to what time travel can do.  Real time still 
exists, it's still a factor, so we'll have to override the 
SIS and ISS from time to time for the sake of expediency.  But 
I doubt any of your vaunted nobles are going to lose their 
jobs."
	Tenchi grinned and took another sip of wine.  "Pity, 
Ayeka was telling me the other day that maybe what was needed 
was a good purge.  Frighten the nobility a little."
	Carvin returned the smile.  He wasn't a noble Jurain in 
any respect of the word, that was evident by his lack of a 
lightsword.  He had grown up in the back alleys of the capital 
of Belegast.  As a result, he had a pretty low opinion of 
arrogant nobles who were only in power because of their birth.  
That was why he liked and respected King Tenchi.  He grew up 
on a provincial planet working at a shrine.  Hardly a life of 
luxury.
	He was about to tell Tenchi about his plan for forming 
a  strike arm of the TSS when they heard screaming from down 
the hall.  Their heads whipped around at the sound.  They 
started running.  Tenchi had removed the Tenchi-ken from his 
belt, and Carvin had drawn his sidearm from the underarm 
holster beneath his gray cloak.
	They arrived at the nursery to find one of the palace 
maids screaming in horror at something on the floor.  The two 
men rushed into the room and gasped.  Three guards had come 
in behind them.  Their eyes widened in shock.  Tenchi fell 
to his knees.
	Ayeka's lifeless corpse lay in the middle of the room, 
the infant still moving around in her arms.  On the wall 
behind her, a word had been scrawled in blood.
	"TENCHI."
	Carvin didn't waste time.  He turned to the guards.  
"Seal the palace!"  he ordered one.  He turned to the other 
two.  "You two with me!  Let's go!"
	They ran down the hall at a quick pace, checking rooms 
as they went.  They came to a four way intersection.  Carvin 
sent each of the guards down a hall and took the last for 
himself.  He ran, his positron pistol up, as he checked each 
room he came across.  
	Nothing.
	He gritted his teeth and rested his hand on a stairway 
banister. It was wet.  He blinked and looked at that hand.  
There was blood on it.
	He looked up  and began running up the stairs two at a 
time.  He reached a roof access and threw the door open.  His 
eyes narrowed as he saw his quarry standing on the edge of 
the palace roof.  The cyan haired woman didn't even turn to 
him.  She was wearing some kind of red and black jumpsuit.  
He didn't see a weapon.  He brought his pistol up and shouted.
	"ROYAL AGENT!  FREEZE!"
	The woman turned her head and grinned at him.  She brought 
her blood soaked hand up and gave him a friendly wave.
	Then she stepped off the ledge.
	"Shit!"  Carvin ran to the edge where she had been standing 
and leaned over the side...
	Only to be knocked back thirty feet when Ryoko flew back 
up and punched him.
	Carvin shook his head and tried to blink the stars out of 
his eyes.  He saw the woman standing ten feet from him, grinning.  
The TSS agent brought the pistol up as she flew towards him.  
He fired.
	The energy beam grazed her right cheek.  She didn't even 
blink.  Suddenly, a lightsword was in her hands!  She howled 
and brought the sword down.  Carvin rolled out of the way just 
in time to avoid being scewered.  He brought the pistol up 
again for another shot, but the woman kicked it out of his hand.  
She followed up with another slash of her sword, but he managed 
to roll out of the way again, swinging his leg around and 
striking the back of her knee.  
	The woman stumbled but quickly regained her balance, 
but it was enough for Carvin to get to his feet.  He adopted 
a Ken-Zi stance, Jurain martial arts, and studied his opponent.  
The woman saw him do this and laughed.  This woman wasn't 
stable.  He could see it in everything she did.  The 
lightsword disappeared.
	"Okay," she laughed.  "The hard way."
	Carvin struck with three successive punches, all of 
which she managed to either block or avoid.  He lashed out 
with a fourth punch.  She caught it, trapping his arm between 
her arm and body.  She grinned at him for a second then 
brought her other elbow down on his arm.  He cried out as he 
felt his arm break.  She laughed and threw him to the ground.  
	Carvin was fighting for his life and he knew it.  He 
reached around with his left hand and unholstered the tiny 
laser pistol he kept there.  He aimed and fired, but the 
woman disappeared!  He didn't have time to even blink before 
she appeared next to him and lashed out with her foot, knocking 
the laser from his hand.  She followed up on this with a kick 
to his midsection.  Carvin fell to the ground with a grunt, 
gasping for air.  She didn't give him time to get it.  He looked 
up just in time to see her fist hurtling at his face.  The punch 
connected and he whirled around, landing on his stomach in a 
prone position.
	The woman crouched next to him and grabbed a handful of 
his brown hair.  She pulled up, then shoved downward, bashing 
his head into the plasticrete floor, once, twice, three time, 
four times....
	It was amazing Carvin was still alive, let alone conscious.  
Blood was pouring from his mouth, his nose was broken along with 
his arm, and that crunch he was hearing in his mouth could only 
be the sound of teeth being forcibly separated from his jawbone.
	The woman lifted his head up and brought her mouth to his 
ear.  "Tell Ayeka Ryoko says 'hi,'" she whispered coarsely.
	Instead of bashing his head against the floor again, she 
picked him up and held him over her head.  She walked to the 
edge of the roof and stopped.  Carvin was too weak to struggle.  
	A voice from the doorway stopped her.
	"Ryoko!"
	The woman, Ryoko, turned to the sound to see Washu 
standing there.
	"Don't do it,"  Washu told her as she shook her head.
	Ryoko grinned and turned back to her task.  She heard 
Washu cry out from behind her.
	"He's Sasami's husband!"
	This made Ryoko pause.   Memories of the little, blue 
haired princess flashed into her mind, her only friend, one 
of the only *bright* points to her existence.  In all the 
time she had known her, Sasami had never harmed her.  
	Ryoko turned and threw Carvin to the ground.  The TSS 
agent hit the floor, unconscious.  Ryoko  stared at her mother 
for a moment.  Washu had abandoned her child form years ago, 
and now appeared as a middle aged woman.  She studied her 
daughter, shocked at how much she had deteriorated.  Black 
circles were under her eyes, eyes that displayed no emotion 
but abject hatred.  Blood marred her face, and her hair was 
even more scraggly and unkept then when she had lived with 
the Masaki's.
	Ryoko nodded to Carvin's unconsious form. "You tell 
Sasami we're even."  With that, she dematerialized.
	"Ryoko!  Wait!"
	There was no answer.  Washu ran to Carvin and checked 
his injuries.  She brought a wrist communicator to her mouth.  
"I need a trauma team on the roof!  Now!"  She got an 
acknowledgement and set about doing what she could for Carvin.  
Tears welled up in her eyes.  By the time the trauma team got 
to the roof, she was weeping uncontrollably.

	Carvin opened his eyes and saw the angel that was his 
wife looking down at him with worried, pink eyes.  He had 
been in enough hospital rooms to realize instantly that he 
was lying in a bed in one now.
	"Hey, Sas," he croaked.
	"How do you feel?"
	He groaned.  "I wish I didn't."  He saw the grief-stricken 
look on her face.  "Ayeka?"
	Sasami blinked away tears and shook her head.
	He closed his eyes.  "Damn."
	"Carvin, Washu said Ryoko did this to you.  Is it true?"
	He blinked.  "*That* was Ryoko?"  He had never met Ryoko, 
so he really didn't know if it was her or not.
	Sasami bit her lower lip.  "No, I guess you wouldn't know."  
She leaned forward and took his hand.  "The doctors have managed 
to repair most of the damage, but you'll have to spend the next 
couple of days in bed."
	He nodded, and wished he hadn't.  Pain shot through his 
entire body.  He winced.  "What the hell happened?"  he asked.
	Sasami said nothing.
	"Sas, tell me.  What's going on?"
	"This wasn't the first attempt Ryoko's made on my 
sister's life."
	His eyes narrowed.
	"She's tried twice before.  We thought...we thought she 
had left, but..."  She wiped a tear away.  "It's ah...difficult 
to explain..I..I mean..."
	"It's okay, Sasami, I'm sorry.  This isn't the time."
	"No," she said firmly.  "I should've told you about her 
when you and I..."  she broke off.  "I should have told you, 
and I didn't, and you almost got killed tonight because of it."  
She looked down into his eyes.  "Now, I'll tell you everything."
	"No you won't, Sasami,"  A voice called out from the door 
to Carvin's room.  Washu stood there.  She approached as she 
continued.  "It was my mistake, I'll tell the story."  Washu 
took a seat next to his bed. "How are you feeling?"
	"Like shit, you?"
	"Pretty much the same."
	"Professor, what the hell is going on?"
	Washu bit her lip in thought, trying to decide how she 
was going to word her greatest mistake.  Finally, she began.
	"Fifteen years ago, Sasami, Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, and I 
all lived at his place on Earth..."

	"Washu," the child-like scientist said to herself, "You 
are *such* a genius!"
	She regarded her new invention with pride.  It was a 
silver helmet equipped with ciruitry modeled after the Penzatan 
brain.  The Penzatans were a telepathic species, one of the 
only telepathic species in the universe.  Their ability to 
read thoughts had fascinated Washu for three millenia, and 
she had been trying to replicate it.
	Now, she had.
	She had a telepathic connection with Ryoko, but only 
Ryoko.  With this helmet, she'll be able to read the thoughts 
of others at will.  She cackled.  It was one of her greatest 
achievements.
	However, it wasn't quite ready.
	She hmm'ed.  She'd have to test it, but how?  To simply 
clap the helmet on her head and go at it with no way to 
monitor her progress would be dangerous.  She searched for 
a way out.  Finding none, she cried out in frustration.
	"Shit!"
	"Problem Washu?"
	Washu turned and saw Ryoko standing there.  "Hello, 
Little Ryoko.  Your mom's just realizing what a fool she is."
	"I could've told you that."
	Washu frowned.  "You may not recognize my genius for 
what it is, but it's there.  You have a piece of it too, ya 
know, if you ever stopped drinking long enough to realize it."
	Ryoko blinked.  "What?"
	"Sure," Washu said, grinning.  "After all, you are my 
daughter, I used my ova to create you, that means genetics 
applies.  You could be brilliant," she frowned at her 
daughter again.  "If you wanted to be."
	Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "I'm smart enough to get by."
	Washu arched an eyebrow.  "Really?  You weren't smart 
enough to avoid being sealed up in a cave for seven hundred 
years."
	"You weren't smart enough to avoid being sealed in a 
crystal for *five thousand*!"  Ryoko shot back.
	Washu blinked in surprise, then nodded.  "Very good, 
Ryoko.  You see? You *can* be brilliant."  Washu regarded 
the helmet for a second and grinned.  "Wanna help me with 
an experiment?  It'll be like a mother-daughter thing."	
	Ryoko grimaced.  "No thanks.  I don't feel like 
being a lab rat today."
	"Come on, Ryoko,"  Washu begged in a syrupy sweet 
voice.  "I'd get Tenchi to do it, but I can't find him."
	Ryoko reacted just like she figured she would.  "You 
leave Tenchi alone!  He doesn't want to be your guinea pig!"
	"Well, if my daughter would help out with the family 
business, he wouldn't have to be."
	The demon sighed.  "Fine, all right.  Whatever."  She 
straightened.  "What do you want me to do?" she asked, 
defeated.
	Washu clamped the helmet onto Ryoko's head.  "Just wear 
this and let me scan you while it works."
	Ryoko blinked.  "Okay, but are you sure it's safe?  I 
don't want you frying my brain!"
	"I will *not* fry your brain,"  Washu told her daughter 
sternly.  "Just fricazee it a little."
	Ryoko growled.  "Fine, fine.  Just get it over with, 
will ya."
	Washu typed a few commands at her holotop.
	"Um...Washu....what is this helmet supposed to do, 
anyway?"
	"It'll let you read minds."
	Ryoko considered that.  "Heh, this is looking up."
	"Okay, starting now."
	Ryoko began to see images in her head.  She saw through 
Sasami's eyes as she cooked in the kitchen, her mind intent on 
her task.  She moved on and found Mihoshi, sleeping on the 
couch.  She was dreaming about Tenchi.  Ryoko growled.
	"What do you see, Ryoko?"
	"Never mind what I see."
	Washu arched an eyebrow.  "Okay, I'm increasing the power."
	"Fine."
	Suddenly, Ryoko blinked.  Now she was seeing through 
both Sasami *and* Mihoshi's perspective.
	"Ryoko?"
	"It's a little uncomfortable."
	"It should pass.  I'm incresing the power."
	It was like her eyes were opening wider and wider.  
She saw images from Tenchi's mind, Ayeka's, Sasami's, Mihoshi's, 
Nobuyuki's...
	"Washu..."
	"Don't worry, it'll pass."
	She began to shake.  Her perspective widened again.  
Now she was getting images from farther away.  Her 
perspective changed again, encompassing first the city, 
then Japan.  The memories and thoughts of everyone there 
flooded into her mind.  Ryoko tried to hold the flood back, 
tried to sift through it, to filter it, but found the tide 
of memories crashing against the walls of her mind.
	"Washu!  Get this thing off me!"
	"Relax, Ryoko.  It's okay."
	"It's not okay!  Get it off!"
	"Ryoko,"
	"GET IT OFF!! GET IT OFF!!"
	Washu typed a few commands into her computer.
	Nothing happened.
	Washu's eyes went wide.  She repeated the command 
sequence.  Still nothing.
	"Damn!"  She jumped off her chair and touched the helmet, 
intent on pulling it off her daughter's head.  She jerked her 
hand back as a powerful electrical shock coursed through her 
dimunitive frame.
	Ryoko's hands went to her head, clawing at the helmet.  
"WASHU!  WASHU!  GET IT OFF!  PLEASE!  GET IT OFF!"
	"*MOM*!  GET IT OFF ME, *PLEASE*!!!"
	Washu tried the command sequence again.  
	Ryoko's last, flimsy, mental wall collapsed.  She was 
flooded with ideas, memories, experiences, emotions...
	The emotions.
	They railed at her mind, but not the positive emotions.  
Her past experiences left her much more susceptible to the 
negative.  She felt the anger, the sorrow, the hate, the purest 
most unadulterated hate she had ever felt in her life.  She 
tried to block it out, to stop it the tide, but it was like 
trying to stop an ocean wave with a teaspoon.  She couldn't 
stop it, couldn't slow it down.
	Couldn't stop it.
	She screamed.
	Washu grabbed hold of the helmet, enduring the electical 
shocks racking her body.
	Then, Ryoko's mind shattered.
	As quickly as it began, it stopped.
	Washu fell back, exhausted.  Her hands were burned.  She 
looked up at her daughter.  "Ryoko, are you okay?"
	Ryoko slowly pulled the helmet off her head.  She turned 
to Washu and grinned.
	Washu's stomach rose up into her throat.  "Ryoko?"
	Ryoko leveled her hand at Washu.  The scientist's eyes 
went wide.  She dove out of the way as a power blast left 
Ryoko's hand.  She dived behind one of her lab tables and gave 
the command to dim the lights.
	"Here Washu, Washu, Washu..."  Ryoko sang.  "Come out, 
come out, where ever you are..."
	Washu tried to access Ryoko's mind, but found it closed 
to her.  All she could sense were tendrils of hate that seemed 
to flow from her.
	It frightened her more than anything had ever frightened 
her before.
	She heard a knock at her door and the sound of the crab 
bell clonking, signalling that it was open.
	"Ms. Washu?"  Washu tensed as she heard Sasami's voice.
	"Hello, Sasami,"  Ryoko said, her voice was...cold, but 
friendly.
	"Hi, Ryoko,"  Sasami said.  Washu could practically see 
the little girl's smile in her mind.  "Do you know where Washu 
is?  Dinner is ready."
	"Oh, I'm sure she's around here, somewhere.  Sasami, 
where's your sister?"
	Washu got up from behind the table.  "Sasami!  Get out of 
here!  Run!  Tell Ayeka to get out of the house!"
	She ducked as energy beams began to rake the inside of 
the lab.  She began searching for a way to incapacitate her 
daughter.  
	Her holotop.
	It was on the other side of the room, and as long as it 
was open, she couldn't call it to her.  She heard the door 
close, and footsteps near her.
	"Nosy little bitch,"  Ryoko commented.  "You just don't 
know when to quit."
	She heard the door open again.  "Ryoko!  Washu!"
	*Tenchi!*
	She heard Ryoko's voice.  "Hi, Tenchi!"
	"Ryoko?"
	"Goodbye, Tenchi!"
	There was the sound of more explosions.  Washu ran to 
her holotop and hit a few keys.  She heard Ryoko cry out in 
pain behind her.  She turned and saw Ryoko encased in a 
forcefield.  Tenchi was unconscious nearby.  Ryoko screamed 
and struggled as the shaft of yellow light fought to contain 
her.  With a final scream of rage, the shaft of light exploded 
outward, blinding Washu.
	When she opened her eyes again, Ryoko was gone.

	Washu wiped a tear from her eye.  "We thought she had 
died, had been phased out of our universe.  Then she showed up 
a year later.  She kidnapped Ryo-Ohki and came this close to 
killing Ayeka."
	"Why Ayeka?"  Carvin asked.
	Washu sighed.  "I think the overload of the helmet 
destroyed her emotional center.  Other emotions, love, happiness, 
compassion, all ceased to exist for her.  As her chief rival, 
Ayeka became the focus of her hate."
	"What happened to her?"  Carvin asked.
	"She disappeared,"  Sasami told him.  "Then she showed 
up again just after Tenchi and Ayeka got married."	
	"We came closer to capturing her, but she managed to 
get away."
	Carvin was about to ask another question, but it came 
out as a low moan as pain ran up and down his body.
	"Okay, that's enough for now,"  Sasami said.  Washu nodded 
in agreement.  Carvin rested his head against the pillow.  The 
world began to get fuzzy.  The last thing he saw was Sasami's 
face as she gently told him to sleep.

	It took three days and three dips in a tissue regeneration 
tank before the doctors told Carvin he could soon be released.  
Sasami stayed by his side the entire time.  He was only two 
days away from being released when his executive officer, 
Commander Nandari and another man came to pay him a visit.
	"Hello, Jez," Carvin told him, sitting up in bed.
	Nandari gave him a curt nod.  "How're you feeling, Carvin?"
	Carvin smiled slightly.  "Almost Belegese."
	Nandari smiled.  "Good."
	"I'll be back in the office in a couple of days."
	"That's good to hear, sir," the other man commented.  
"The Ryo-Ohki was spotted in the Orsini system."
	Carvin turned to Nandari.  "Why in the name of Tokimi's 
hell wasn't I told?!"  He struggled to get out of bed.  
Sasami's eyes went wide as he stood up, leaning against the 
bed while he gathered his strength.  "We have to move 
quickly, Jez.  As my executive officer, I want you to act 
as my go-between with the Secret Intelligence Service, 
coordinate with your opposite number in the SIS."
	"That's me, Sir," the strange man told him.
	Sasami stood in front of him.  "You're not going 
anywhere."
	"Sas, I don't have time for the hospital.  Now...where 
are my clothes?"  He was still in the hospital gown the 
doctors had given him.
	Sasami arched an eyebrow, her arms folded over her chest.
	"Sas,"
	Sasami didn't move.
	"Sas, where are my clothes?"
	She said nothing.  Nandari and the SIS agent looked 
uncomfortable.
	Carvin nodded.  "Fine, I'll go in this."
	"*Carvin!*"  Sasami took his hand.  "Please, the doctors 
say you still need a couple of days!"
	"Horsesh.." he broke off.  He didn't like to swear in front 
of his wife.  "Nonsense," he began again.  "Doctors tend to 
exaggerate when it comes to things like this."
	"Carvin...please.  This isn't a matter for the TSS.  Please."
	Carvin bit his lip, but nodded.  His wife was his only 
weak point, the only person who could ever convince him to do 
anything different once he set his mind to something.  "One 
more day."  Sasami breathed a sigh of relief.  "Jez, watch 
the store while I'm gone."
	"No problem."
	"But this *is* a job for the TSS."
	Nandari's eyes went wide.
	"I'm authorizing a mission to prevent this...disgrace...from 
ever happening. Nandari, get our researchers working on it.  Tell 
them to talk to Professor Washu, then..."
	"Carvin,"  Nandari interrupted.  "We've already inquired 
about it.  His Majesty has ordered that no effort be made to 
alter the timeline."
	"What?!"
	"Carvin, try to understand.  The TSS is supposed to *prevent* 
changes to the timeline, not create them.  The Great Council has 
made the order, His Majesty has signed off on it."
	"They're gonna let this go,"  Carvin concluded in blatant 
disbelief, shaking his head.  "Damn."
	"Damn."

	Sasami quietly snuck into the palace labs, being careful 
not to make any noise that would trigger the acoustic detection 
system.  She got to the door that led to the next set of labs, 
the ones that held the TSS's Transdim Temporal Accelerator.  She 
studied the code lock and licked her lips.  There were nine buttons 
on the keypad, and the code consisted of of six numbers.  She had 
three chances to input the correct code before the alarms went off.
	She gasped as the lights came on.  She turned, racking her 
brain for an excuse.  
	<I had to pick up some paperwork for Carvin.>
	<I had to see Jez.>
	<I'm here on Royal business.>
	Carvin was staring back at her from the doorway.
	"Did you really thing it would be that easy?"  he asked her, 
shaking his head.  "Press a few buttons and travel through time?"
	"I have to do something,"  she told him.  "Two of the people 
I care for most in the world, one of them's alive, and the other is 
dead, but both of them are in pain.  I have to do this.  Please 
don't try to stop me."
	He shook his head.  "Go home, Sas."  He started toward the 
door she had been trying to open.
	She blinked and noticed how he was dressed for the first time.  
He was wearing blue jeans and a grey shirt.  A dirty leather jacket 
covered his muscular frame.  He was dressed in an old Earth style 
just as she was.  Her eyes went wide.
	"*You're* going!"  she concluded.
	He nodded.  "It's been two weeks and the entire kingdom is 
going down the tubes.  It turns out your sister was the legitmizing 
force to Tenchi's rule.  Now that she's gone, Seiryo and some of 
the other hardliners are talking about assuming power.  'Jurai for 
the Jurains,' they're calling it."  He entered a six digit code 
into the key pad.  "I've had two defense ministers come to me, 
trying to figure out where I stand.  But it gets worse."  Sasami 
looked at him questioningly.  "The Ninth Fleet, the ships we sent 
after Ryoko, they're not answering the King's hails.  They're 
there, they're just not talking to us.  I think Seiryo got to 
them.  Riots are already breaking out on Carissia and Orsini, 
and the way they were formed practically reeks of the Internal 
Security Service and their 'Hostile Regime Destabilization 
Techniques.'"  He laughed at the irony of the lawful Jurain 
government coming under attack by the very people most entrusted 
with its protection.
	"And you think this is all because of Ayeka's death?"
	He nodded and opened the door.  "The Kingdom's falling apart.  
In three days we'll be in the middle of a civil war.  *Unless* I 
stop this before it starts.  We're talking billions of people, Sas.  
*Billions.*  This can't continue, no matter what the price, this 
can't be allowed to go on."
	She followed him into the lab.  He hit the light switches.  
The lab was bathed in sterile, white light, revealing various 
computer terminals.
	"So you're going back two weeks to stop Ryoko," she concluded.
	He shook his head as he opened a steel saftey locker.  "No, 
time travel is a pretty shaky thing.  I have to be careful of the 
temporal wake."  He saw her questioning glance.  "It's like being 
on an ocean going vessel.  Behind the ship is a wake.  The farther 
back from the ship, the less the disturbance.  It's the same with 
time, the closer to the present you jump, the more interference."  
He removed an advanced plasma carbine from the locker and checked 
the action.  "If I try jumping any less than ten years, I'm a dead 
man."
	"So what are we gonna do?"
	"We?" he asked, working the action on the rifle.  "You're 
staying here.  You're in no condition for this."
	"Carvin!"
	"I mean it, Sas.  You're going to visit your mother on 
Carissia and lay low until this is over."  He rolled up his 
jacket sleeve.  "I left you a note at the house as well as a 
list of numbers of people in the TSS you can trust.  If you 
get into trouble you can call them."
	"And what are you going to do?"
	"Remember what Washu said about that helmet?  I ran it 
through the computers and talked to Washu.  They're both in 
agreement.  If that particular event hadn't occurred, they 
believe that Tenchi would've married *both* women.  I can stop 
this war before it even starts."  Sasami looked down at his bare 
arm.  There was a metal bracelet running along his forearm.  LED 
displays and holographic projectors ran along its length.  "Kaeya,"
	A three inch hologram of a young, teenage girl appeared, 
standing on the bracelet.  "Yes, Sir?"  it asked in a harmonious, 
contralto.
	"Diagnostic," he ordered.
	"Yes, Sir."  there was a slight buzz as the tiny computer 
ran a diagnostic.  The girl in the hologram looked pensive.  "It 
appears, Sir, that you've been in a fist fight recently."
	"Yeah, ignore that."
	"All systems check out, I'm linking with the rifle."  There 
was a soft click as the computer established a link with Carvin's 
rifle.  "Rifle checks out.  Ninety five rounds remaining, two 
zip missiles."
	"Good, stand-by for gate travel."
	"Yes, Sir."
	Carvin turned his attention back to his wife.  "I'll do 
what I can to prevent this.  Either I'll destroy the helmet or, 
if worse comes to worse..."  He trailed off.
	Sasami took a breath and nodded.  "I'm still coming with 
you."
	"Like hell you are,"  he said.
	"Carvin.  You need me.  You've never been to Earth, you'll 
need a guide."
	"No,"
	Washu's voice called out from behind them.  "Yes, Carvin."
	They turned to her.  "It's not safe for her,"  Carvin pointed 
out.
	"It's no safer here,"  Washu said sadly.  "Seiryo's forces 
just overran the palace.  Tenchi's dead."  Sasami gasped, her hand 
going to her  mouth.  "Carvin, they're looking for you and Sasami.  
They know that the TSS is the only thing that can stop them, and 
they know you're loyal to Tenchi.  They're on the way here to take 
the lab."
	Carvin said nothing.
	Washu shook her head.  "This is it, Carvin.  Either you 
succeed or fail, but if you leave Sasami here and you *can't* 
save Ryoko..."  she left the statement hanging, an unvoiced 
threat.	
	He took a breath and nodded.  "All right, Washu, but I 
want you to run the equipment.  I trust you more than I do the 
automated systems."
	She nodded.  Carvin turned to Sasami.  "All right, Sas, 
let's go."
	Washu went through one door while Carvin led Sasami 
through another.  She looked up and saw a massive chamber.  
The walls were white, and in the center of the room was a 
large, circular pool of water.  A metal rail ran the length 
of the circumference of the pool.  Five laser emitters sat 
on the rail.  A staircase led to a metal platform that ended 
ten feet above the center of the pool.  Carvin started to climb 
the stairs.  Sasami heard the doorway click shut behind them.
	She took a quick look around and followed him.  "What is 
this place?"  she asked.
	"It's the Null T room.  When the portal opens, time will 
temporarily stop everwhere in the universe but here.  That's 
when we jump."
	She looked down at the water below.  "I thought..um..'jump,' 
was a figurative term."
	Carvin threw her a smile and shook his head.
	"You two ready?"  Washu asked over the intercom.
	"Affirmative.  Standing by."
	"All right, beginning activation.  Laser one is on."
	Sasami looked down and saw the lasers begin to move around 
the rail.  One of the lasers, a red one, lanced out, ending at a 
receiver on the other side.
	"Laser two is activated,  event horizon is at forty 
percent.  Rail velocity increasing."  A green laser lashed out, 
criss-crossing with the red.  The lasers started spinning faster 
and faster around the rail.
	There was a rumble from above them, upstairs.  Explosives.  
Sasami looked up in fear.
	"Seiryo,"  Carvin breathed. 
	Washu wasn't rattled.  "Laser three is activated.  Event 
horizon at fifty-six percent."  Sasami saw a blue laser criss-cross 
with the green and red.  A ball of energy began to build up at the 
center.
	"Washu," Carvin called.  "Once we go through, get out of here.  
Take the escape pod and go."
	"Save them, Carvin,"  she told him, begged him, over the 
intercom, "Save them both."
	He nodded.
	"Laser four is activated."  The emitters were spinning 
faster now, only a blur.  "Laser five is activated.  Gate sequence 
activ.."
	There was a flash.  Sasami looked around, but couldn't 
see a change, even though she knew that time everywhere in 
the universe had stopped.  Looking down, she saw the vortex, 
a mix of blues, reds, greens, yellows, and purples lashing 
against one another in a maelstrom of photonic light.  
	"Carvin," she whisperd. "It's beautiful."  She felt 
Carvin grab her arm.  Suddenly, she was falling towards it.  
She cried out as she hit the event horizon, the barrier 
between her time and another.

	Looking back on it, Sasami would call it one of the 
most horribly frightening and painful experiences of her 
life.  It was if her soul were being torn into small pieces 
and spread throughout the universe.  Her mind began to fold 
in upon itself.  She began to relive memories, things she had 
thought she had forgotten, not only of her life, but of 
Tsunami's, and even some of Carvin's as well.  For the most 
part, these memories were happy ones.  She relived the day 
she met Tenchi, the day she died on Jurai, the day Kagato 
attacked, her sister's wedding to Tenchi, the day she met 
Carvin, her wedding day, the day she found out she was pregnant...
	Then she relived the day a man in a Royal Guardsman's 
uniform told her her sister was dead.
	Carvin, she knew, must be experiencing the same mental 
rollercoaster, only she knew that the majority of his trip 
down memory lane would be a painful one.  In the vortex of 
time, their minds just on the edge of overlapping, she could 
just make them out.  He was reliving his childhood as a 
small time thief and pick-pocket on the streets of Bel, the 
capital of Belegast.  She saw his entrance into the Jurain 
Navy, the day he met her, the war against the Danitans, his 
time in one of their prison camps, the torture that followed, 
his wedding, another bright spot.  She saw his entry into the 
SIS and later, the day he was chosen as Director of the TSS.
	Just when she thought she couldn't bear any more, it 
stopped.  She felt her body hit water.  Tsunami in heaven, 
she was freezing!  She couldn't breathe!  She felt strong 
hands pull her out of the water.  She began to cough.  Through 
the biting cold, over the hacking coughs, she heard him.
	"Sas!  Sas!  Breathe!  It's okay!  It's *okay*!  
It'll pass!  It'll pass!"
	She continued to cough.  When that finally stopped, 
she gulped air, desperate for breath.  She opened her eyes 
and found him staring down at her with concerned eyes.  
She took a quick look around.  She was lying under a tree 
on the shore of a lake, soaking wet.  Wait, not just any 
lake, *the* lake!  She looked up across the water and saw 
the Masaki home, just like she remembered it.  She tried to 
move, but was too weak.
	"Just lie back, Sas.  Give it a few minutes."
	She nodded and closed her eyes, taking a few deep 
breaths.  She opened her eyes and looked up at him.  "Is it 
like that every time?" she whispered.
	He bit his lip and nodded.  "Yeah."
	"Why do you do it?"
	He smiled.  "It's part of the service."  <How do I 
tell her that with Tenchi, Ayeka, the Jurain military, 
and the greatest ship of Jurai, Tsunami, at her defense, 
this is the only way I could think of to protect her?>  
He mentally shoved the question aside.  It wasn't the time.  
"How do you feel?"
	She nodded.  "Better."
	"Good."  He stood up and lifted his arm.  "Kaeya,"
	The holographic assistant appeared, her arms behind 
her back.  "Yes, Sir,"
	"Scan the sky and get a star chart.  I need an exact 
date and time."
	"Yes, Sir."  Once again, Kaeya's expression was pensive, 
as if she were concentrating on a great mental task.  She 
nodded to something out of sight.  A date and time appeared 
on the display.  He nodded.
	"Seven days," he muttered.  "We've got seven days 
before Ryoko loses it."
	"Will that be enough?"  Sasami asked.
	He thought for a moment.  "With the proper plan, yes.  
I just hope Washu had enough sense to trash the lab before she 
left.  This whole trip will be for nothing if Seiryo sends some  
of his Internal Security boys after us."
	"Wouldn't time have been altered the second we left?"  She 
didn't know much about time travel, only bits and pieces Carvin 
had told her or what she heard in holovids.
	He shook his head.  "No, it's like ripples in the water.  
We're a stone dropped into the puddle of time, the ripples are 
the effects of our being here.  It'll take time for those ripples 
to reach the shore, our time.  At fifteen years that's about.."  
He did the math in his head.  "Nine days."
	"So what you're saying is that Seiryo can still stop us?"
	He nodded.  "Not only Seiryo, but you can bet the GP's 
Temporal Investigations Division won't take kindly to us being 
here, either.  I hope Washu trashed the lab.  Better to be 
stranded here with no way home than to have to deal with the 
ISS."  He looked down at his wife and offerred his hand.  
"Can you walk?  We've got a lot to do."  She nodded and let 
him help her up.

	Lying on their stomachs on top of a nearby hill, they 
observed the Masaki household through binoculars.
	"Tsunami,"  Sasami whispered in awe.  "It's me."
	Carvin saw a little, blue-haired, girl playing in the 
front yard with two guardians.  
	"Awww," he commented.  "You're so cute,"
	She slapped his arm.  "None of that."
	He grinned under the binoculars.  Suddenly, his smile 
disappeared.  A cyan-haired woman just appeared outside the 
house and was talking with the young Sasami.  He gritted his 
teeth as he remembered the savage beating he had received 
from the disturbed demon.  He remembered Ayeka's blood-soaked 
body lying on the floor of the nursery.
	He raised the rifle.
	"Kaeya, long scope."
	"Yes, Sir."  A compartment on top of the rifle opened 
up, and a sniper's scope rose from the hidden recess, locking 
in place with a click.  
	"Set for high velocity," he ordered, raising the weapon 
to his eye.  Sasami's eyes widened.
	"Yes, Sir."
	"Carvin?"
	He looked through the scope and centered the crosshairs 
on Ryoko's head, aiming for the temple.  He took a deep breath 
and moved the safety switch to the "FIRE," position.
	"Carvin?!"
	<It's the safest way,> he told himself.  <Kill Ryoko now 
instead of letting her lose her sanity.  It'll save Ayeka, and 
it won't even disrupt the timeline since she wasn't around to 
contribute to it, anyway.>
	His fingered rested on the trigger.
	"CARVIN!?"
	He started to gently squeeze the trigger.
	Suddenly, Sasami's hand was on the rifle.  Ryoko's head 
disappeared from the sights.  Carvin looked up at her and 
frowned.
	"Sas..."
	"No," she said simply.
	"It's the safest way."
	"NO!"
	He flinched.  He had never heard his wife speak with 
such anger.
	"We'll find another way."
	He shook his head.  "Sas, I know it sucks, but we have 
to be careful about altering the timeline."
	"Isn't that why we're here?!"
	"There's altering and there's destroying.  That's the 
line we're walking now."
	"We'll find another way,"  she bit out.  
	He saw the intensity in her gaze.  He knew she wouldn't 
take no for an answer, and if he tried to kill Ryoko anyway...
	He didn't want to think about it.
	He nodded.  "All right, we'll *try* the soft touch and 
see where it gets us."  Sasami sighed in relief.
	"Why don't we just warn them?"  she asked.
	Carvin shook his head.  "They'd want to know where the 
information comes from.  We won't be able to tell them, and 
knowing Washu, she'll disregard it."
	"Why can't we tell them, Carvin?  They'll believe me!  
I'm sure of it!"
	He licked his lips.  "It's more complicated than that, 
Sas," he took a breath and tried to explain.  "We have to be 
careful of subtle influences."  He saw her blank look and 
continued.  "Okay, we know that Tenchi and Ayeka will live 
on to become rulers of Jurai, right?"  She nodded.  "Okay, 
but *they* don't know.  If they knew, it would affect their 
behavior and through that, their actions.  Like when those 
Ruganni pirates come and kidnap you and your sister six months 
from now.  If Tenchi knew he would live to be King, he might 
be overconfident and make a mistake he might not have when he 
originally rescued you."  Sasami took a breath and nodded when 
she realized Carvin had a point.
	"Okay, then we need something else.  Anonymous call?"
	He smiled.  "Have you ever known Washu to give up on a 
great experiment because some wacko calls her and tells her 
to stop?"  Sasami had to shake her head.
	Carvin thought for a moment.  "They need a warning from 
someone they'll believe and trust implicitly without them 
having to know who or *when* the information came from."  
He took a long look at his wife.  He blinked and grinned as 
a plan formed.
	She saw him studying her and looked back at him 
quizzically.  "What?"
	"I have a plan.  But you're gonna need a new wardrobe."
	"What?!"
	"Come on," he helped her up and they started walking down 
the road.  Carvin began to pat his jacket pockets.  He found the 
object of his search and pulled out a large wad of folded bills.  
"This'll be enough for a week, right?"
	Her eyes went wide.  There had to be several thousand yen 
in his hands.  She nodded.  "Yeah, more than enough."

	"Kaeya, stealth,"  Carvin ordered as he propped the rifle 
next to a tree.  The rifle seemed to flicker, then disappear.  
He turned, and the two of them began walking down the road into
 town.
	"So this is what it's like to be in the TSS," Sasami 
commented.
	Carvin nodded.  "It's not always like this, but there 
are a few instances when you get to walk down a road on a 
nice day with a pretty girl."
	She threw him a look.  "How many pretty girls?"  she 
asked.
	He grinned.  "That's classified," he joked.
	She laughed.  She knew it was just talk, banter.  She 
trusted Carvin implicitly.  "How often have you done this?"
	"You mean jump?"
	She nodded. 
	He blew some air between his lips and counted the times 
in his head.  Before the TSS, it was the SIS, the Secret 
Intelligence Service,  that handled temporal investigations, 
so he had done this before.  "Fifteen, maybe sixteen times.  
Three since we've been married."
	"Has the timeline ever been changed?"
	He shook his head.  "Not to my knowledge.  That's 
what's so scary about this.  If we succeed, almost anything 
can happen."
	"What do you mean?"
	"According to Washu's theories, travelers such as 
ourselves exist outside of time until the effects of our 
being here reach the present.  If the timeline is unchanged, 
nothing happens and the jumper comes home via the accelerator.  
If the timeline *is* changed...well...we don't really know."
	"But there are theories."
	"Yeah," he said with a touch of worry, "There are 
theories."
	Her hand traveled unbidden to her stomach.  "Are there 
any side effects?" she asked, her voice a haunted whisper.
	"The baby's fine, Sas.  Our experiments with this kind 
of technology were very thorough."  He hoped so anyway.  
Tsunami in heaven, he hoped so.
	"But there *are* side effects," he pointed out.
	She looked up at him.  "Like what?"
	He stopped and turned to her.  "Form a forcefield," 
he told her.
	Sasami blinked and concentrated on forming a Jurai 
power forcefield.  She blinked in shock when it didn't snap 
into place.  Carvin grinned.
	"That's why a commoner can be director of the TSS," he 
said.  "It's the only place where noble and common Jurains can 
compete on equal footing.  For some reason even Washu can't 
explain, gate travel saps Jurai power.  You won't be able to 
use your powers for at least a week."  Sasami gaped as he 
continued.  "And I wouldn't try linking with the Tsunami in 
this time, either.  We have no idea what your..I mean, her 
reaction would be."
	Sasami nodded.  In this time, Tsunami was still a 
separate entity.  Not that being assimilated with her now 
really helped her.  Tsunami's memories and experiences were 
there, but closed to her, and she really didn't understand 
why.  Tsunami had told her that all would be revealed in time.
	Fat lot of good it did her now.   "Okay, so what's the 
plan?"
	He grinned.  "It's a surprise."

	Sasami had no idea what Carvin's plan entailed, but 
began to get a clue when he found the most luxurious tailor 
in the town near the Masaki Shrine.
	"No, no, no," Carvin was telling the sales lady.  
"Blue."  He held up one of Sasami's tresses.  "Like this.  
As a matter of fact, just like this."
	An hour later, after trying on ten different articles, 
Sasami stood before Carvin and turned three hundred and sixty 
degrees.
	"Well?" she  asked with a grin.
	He smiled.  "Absolutely beautiful.  It's perfect."
	Standing in the ornate, blue kimono, Sasami smiled.
	"You make a perfect Tsunami."

	"You're sure he takes a walk every night?"  Carvin asked 
for the tenth time.
	Sasami took an exasperated breath as she struggled to unsnag 
her kimono from a tree branch.  "Yes, Carvin, I've only lived here 
for five years, I think I'd know."
	"Sorry," he said.  
	She sighed.  "No, I'm sorry.  I shouldn't have snapped like 
that.  It's just that there's a lot riding on this."
	"Yeah.  Don't worry," he was adjusting blue spotlight up in 
another tree.  "Just remember your lines and you'll be fine."
	She nodded.  He climbed down from the tree.  "Okay," he said.  
He gave his wife a concerned look.
	"I'll be fine," she told him.  To back up this statement, she 
leaned forward and kissed him.
	"Be careful."
	She smiled.  "What do I have to be worried about, Carvin?  
Even if something went wrong, it's not as if they would hurt me.  
We'll just have to think of something else.  That's all."
	He nodded.  "Never the less, I'll be right over there."  He 
nodded at a cluster of nearby trees.   She nodded.  Carvin went 
to his hiding place, and the two waited for Tenchi to show up.
	An hour passed.  Then, another.
	Just when they were about to give up for the night, the 
sound of two sets of footsteps were heard.  Sasami tensed and 
quickly composed herself.  She tried to suppress the butterflies 
in her stomach.  Her hand trailed there momentarily, and a smile 
appeared on her lips as she thought of the baby.  Then, it was 
back to the mission.
	She adopted a Tsunami-like pose, calm, comfortable, at 
peace with all existence and waited.  Just as Tenchi and Ayeka 
came up the path within sight of her, Carvin activated the 
spotlight.  Sasami was gently bathed in a column of soft, blue 
light.
	Tenchi's eyes went wide.  Ayeka gasped.  Sasami smiled.
	"I am Tsunami, the ship of Jurai,"
	"Ms. Tsunami," Tenchi began.  "Is everything okay?  We 
haven't seen you in almost a year."
	Sasami took a deep breath before continuing.  "I have something 
to tell you, Tenchi, a warni..."
	Suddenly there was loud roar from overhead.  Sasami, Tenchi,
 and Ayeka looked up at the night sky and saw a spotlight hovering 
overhead.
	Carvin saw it and recognized it immediately.
	"SHIT!"  He raised the rifle.
	Suddenly, whatever was creating the light opened fire, 
raking the ground with energy blasts.  Sasami screamed as the 
ground around her began to explode from energy impacts.  The 
tree she was standing next to collapsed almost on top of her.  
She fell to the ground, unconscious or dead.
	"SASAMI!!"  Carvin raised the rifle just as the spotlight 
stopped over him.  He grunted and rolled out of the way.  
Energy blasts struck the area where he had been.  He brought 
the rifle up and opened fire.  Plasma rounds tore into the
 attacking Galaxy Police hardsuit.  The suit wavered, then a 
piece of its arm exploded.  The hardsuit crashed to the ground.
	Kaeya appeared in front of him, standing on one of the 
holopads installed on top of the rifle.  "Commander, there are 
three more targets approaching from the north east."
	"Kaeya!  What are Sasami's vitals?!"
	"She is stable, but unconscious.  Commander, we must 
withdraw."
	"Not without her!"
	"Sir, those hardsuits will be here in seven seconds."
	He looked over and saw Tenchi and Ayeka kneeling next 
to Sasami.  He heard the sound of hardsuits approaching.  He 
had to draw them away.  Sasami would be safe with them *if* 
he could draw the GP away!
	He turned to the sound of the hardsuits.
	"Kaeya, Zip."
	"Loaded."
	He raised the rifle to his shoulders and waited for the 
steady beep that signified a lock on.  A GP hardsuit cleared 
the tree line.
	He heard the beep.
	The tiny, four inch zip missile streaked from the rifle 
and right into the hardsuit, exploding on impact.  The burning 
wreckage fell from the sky, spinning out of control as it 
landed in the trees.
	The sound of blaster fire from the sky gave him no time to 
celebrate his victory.  He turned and opened fire on the second 
hardsuit.  The plasma rounds tore into it, smoke began to billow 
out the back.
	He had to draw them away.  He started running further into 
the forest, turning and firing back at them at steady intervals 
so that they knew where to follow him.
	One of them, the damaged one, seemed all too eager to hunt 
the TSS agent down.  He couldn't see the other one.  The hardsuit 
fired on him.  The ground exploded around Carvin as he ran.  He 
tripped on an exposed root and fell.  He twisted and fired at the 
GP which ducked and weaved to avoid the plasma blasts.  He could 
hear Kaeya's contralto over the weapon's report.
	"Twenty rounds.....fifteen....ten.....five...."  He heard 
the electronic click that told him the weapon was dry just as 
Kaeya was notifying him.  "Ammunition depleted."
	"ZIP!" he shouted.
	"Loaded."
	He heard the tone and fired.  The missile hit the armor 
suit dead on, exploding against the armor, but it was enough.  
The hard suit began to fall to the ground.  Carvin's eyes went 
wide as he realized it was falling directly at *him*!  He 
scrambled to get out of the way.  The hardsuit crashed directly 
in front of him, bits of rock, metal, and debris tore into his 
flesh, hurled at him by the force of the impact.  The ground 
beneath his feet fell out from under him as the floor opened 
up.  Carvin and the hardsuit fell through the hole, landing 
hard on the cold, stone floor below.
	Carvin heard a sickening crunch and felt a brief flash 
of pain before his leg began to grow numb.  He lay there for 
a moment, his breath came in painful, labored gasps.  He rolled 
over onto his back and studied his surroundings.  He was in a 
cave of some kind.  There was a pond, or lake nearby.  He looked 
up and saw the starry sky stare back at him through the hole in 
the roof.
	Then he looked over to his left and saw the hardsuit, 
still mostly intact.
	He grimaced and started crawling toward it.  The rifle 
was gone, but it didn't matter.  With the last Zip missile gone, 
it was dead weight.  He reached down and pulled the serrated 
combat knife from it's sheath on his boot.  He crawled on.
	He was just coming to the hardsuit when the chest plate 
opened up, revealing a dazed GP officer in a flightsuit trying 
to blink the shock out of his eyes.  He noticed Carvin and 
reached for his sidearm, but Carvin was too quick.  He lunged 
forward with his good leg, landing on top of the man.  Pinning 
the man's gunhand away from him with one hand, he jabbed the 
knife into the GP's throat with the other.
	The man struggled, making wet, gurgling sounds as the 
blood flowed freely from his neck, soaking Carvin's hand and 
shirt-sleeve.  Carvin held the knife there as the man struggled.  
The pilot brought his other hand up, grasping Carvin by the 
throat in a last ditch effort to fight back, but it was too 
late, and he was too weak for it to make any difference.  His
hand fell from Carvin's throat.  The TSS agent let the knife 
go and rolled over on his back, breathing harder than he 
honestly should.
	"Kaeya," he gasped.
	Kaeya obediently appeared on his arm.  "Sir?"
	"Med scan."
	He waited as Kaeya compiled the data.
	"Your left leg is broken in two places.  You have a 
punctured lung..."  Well that explained that.  "And you 
are bleeding internally."
	That was bad.
	"Oh," he said groggily.  "Is that...is that why I feel 
so weak..."  His eyes began to shut of their own accord.  
Finally, he couldn't keep them open a second longer.
	<I'm sorry, Sasami.  I tried.>
	His eyes closed.
	"Commander Kenzaki?"  Kaeya's worried voice asked.
	"Commander Kenzaki?"
	"Commander Kenzaki, please respond!"
	"Commander Kenzaki!?"
	"Carvin!  Please!  Wake up!"
	"Commander Kenzaki!"
	"COMMANDER KENZAKI!"

	Tenchi touched Tsunami's neck and found a steady pulse.  
She was just unconscious then.  He looked up as the roar returned.  
He could just make out the sillouhette of a Galaxy Police hardsuit 
in the night sky.  He pulled the Tenchi-ken and ignited it as the
hardsuit landed in front of him.
	The GP raised it's weapons arm.  Tenchi lashed out, slicing 
the arm off at the elbow.  The hardsuit took a step back to 
regroup.  Suddenly, power logs appeared on either side of it.  
The head on the hardsuit looked from side to side just before a 
current of electricity coursed between the logs and through the 
suit.  The suit exploded, showering them with burning debris.  
Tenchi hit the ground, covering Tsunami's body with his own.
	He got up and found Ayeka getting to her feet beside him.  
"Thanks," he said.
	She smiled.  "You're very welcome, Lord Tenchi."  
	He knelt next to Tsunami and checked her for injuries.  
He paused as he realized how stupid that was.  Tsunami?  The 
great ship of Jurai?  Injured?  How can such a thing be?  Yet 
there she was, unconscious.
	"Ayeka, help me get Ms. Tsunami into the house."

	An hour later, Washu had Tsunami lying on one the stasis 
beds in her lab.  Tenchi, Ayeka, and Sasami were there, listening 
as Washu told them what she had found out.  Ryoko had gone out 
searching for more hardsuits, while Mihoshi and Kiyone were 
investigating the one Tenchi and Ayeka had destroyed.
	"Well, Tenchi, you've got a whopper here, let me tell 
ya."
	"What is it, Little Washu?"  Tenchi asked.  "Will Ms. 
Tsunami be okay?"
	Washu nodded.  "Mmm hmm.  But strictly speaking, this 
isn't Tsunami."
	They all blinked.  "What?"
	Washu nodded and looked down at Sasami.  "It's Sasami."
	Tenchi and Ayeka looked at the little girl in shock.  
"But, Ms. Washu, how can that be?"
	"I ran a few tests and came up with a psycho-wave patter 
that matches, for the most part, with Sasami's.  There's some other 
odd patterns in there as well.  I think *that's* Tsunami's influence, 
but physically and mentally she's Sasami."
	Tenchi's eyes went wide as the obvious answer occurred to him.  
"Sasami...from the future?"
	"It's the only thing that makes sense,"  Washu told him.  "She 
*might* be a clone, but I seriously doubt that."
	"Why?"  Ayeka asked.
	"Because,"  Washu said with a grin.  "She's pregnant."
	"WHAT!?"
	"Yup."
	Ayeka blinked, then her eyes went wide as a rather disturbing 
thought occurred to her.  She threw a look at Tenchi.  "Ms. Washu, 
who's the father?"
	Tenchi gulped as the implication of her question sunk in.
	Washu grinned.  "Now, now, Princess, don't you know it's 
ethically wrong for a doctor release that kind of information 
without 
the patient's consent?"
	Ayeka grabbed her by the front of her Science Academy 
uniform and lifted her three feet into the air.  "WHO IS THE 
FATHER?!"
	Washu gulped.  "It's not Tenchi."
	"You're sure?" 
	"Positive, I did a genetic scan.  I don't have a name, 
but I know for a fact that the father is Belegese."
	Ayeka put Washu down.  Tenchi sighed.  Sasami was staring 
at her future self oddly.
	"Okay," Tenchi asked, "So why is she here?"
	"That's an excellent question."
	"So how do we find an answer?"  Ayeka asked.  "Wait until 
she wakes up?"
	"That might take time, she took a very severe blow.  She 
could be out for days."
	"She said something about a warning, I think,"  Tenchi 
remarked.  "We may not have days.  Washu, is there anything you 
can do now?"
	Washu hmmm'd in thought.  "I can extract her memory engrams.  
It's like a list of her memories.  I have the equipment necessary 
and already set up for another experiment I'm working on so it 
should be a snap."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Okay.  Find out what's happening."

	"Mihoshi, over here."
	Mihoshi picked up the severed weapons arm of the downed 
hardsuit and trotted over to where Kiyone was examining the suit 
itself.  Pointing her flashlight downward, Mihoshi saw that Kiyone 
had mangaged to get the chest plate off, exposing the pilot's body.  
She was an older woman, about thirty or so, with 
Lieutenant-Commander's insignia.  There was no name tag, only 
an odd patch on her flightsuit in the shape of an infinite symbol.
	Mihoshi hmm'd in thought.  "No name tag, but that's 
definitely a Galaxy Police flightsuit."
	Kiyone nodded.  "She's GP all right," she agreed.  
"I know this woman."
	Mihoshi blinked.  "You do?"
	Kiyone took a breath and nodded again.  "I was her sponsor 
at the Galaxy Police Academy."
	The blonde GP looked down at the woman in shock.  "Wow!  
And she's already a Lieutenant-Commander!  That's pretty good!"
	Kiyone bit back a growl.  "That *would* be impressive except 
for the fact that I got a letter from her the other day telling me 
how excited she is to be entering her Sophomore year."
	Mihoshi blinked in confusion.  "But...but...that would 
mean...That would mean that...."
	The teal-haired detective nodded.
	"That would mean....."  Mihoshi brightened.  "That would 
mean she was skipped three grades!  That *is* impressive."
	Kiyone facefaulted and grabbed her partner by the front of 
her shirt.  "No, you idiot!  It means that she's not supposed to 
be here!  As a matter of fact," she said seriously, looking down 
at the GP's body,  "I don't think she's supposed to be here for 
another twenty years."

	Ryoko flew above the treetops, searching for the other 
hardsuits that attacked Tenchi.  She had no idea why Galaxy 
Police would be attacking the Masaki's, but you can bet that 
when she caught up with them, she wasn't going to waste time 
asking.  She saw something just off to the side of where Tenchi 
and Ayeka were attacked.  It was difficult to make out, but it 
was near her cave.
	And she knew that place well enough to know when something 
was different.  
	She started down and found a very large hole in the ground.  
She flew into it and ignited her lightsword, using it as a lamp.  
She knew this place.  It was a cavern that connected to her cave, 
where she had hibernated for seven hundred years.  She heard 
something to her right, something she couldn't identify.  She 
moved toward it.
	A man was lying there, unconscious or dead.  Next to him 
was a GP hardsuit, a knife jutting out of the pilot's throat.  
There was nothing she could do for him.  She moved to the other 
man and knelt down next to him.  His breathing was slow and 
labored.  Suddenly, a light appeared on his arm.  She flinched 
and looked at it.  A tiny hologram of a girl appeared.
	"Oh, thank Tsunami!"  the girl said.  "Are you by any 
chance a doctor or a paramedic?"
	Ryoko, confused by the events that had just occurred, 
shook her head.  
	"Well, then let's go!  Commander Kenzaki is need of 
medical attention!"
	Ryoko finally blinked the confusion out of her eyes.  
"Just who the hell are you, anyway?!"
	Kaeya sighed in resignation.  "I am Kaeya, Commander 
Kenzaki's personal data assistant, and if you don't get off 
your lazy ass and get him to a doctor, I'm gonna be out of 
a job!"
	Ryoko growled.  "Now you listen to me...
	"Quickly, please!  We don't have much time!"
	The demon looked down at the handsome face of Commander 
Kenzaki and sighed in defeat.  "Okay, okay.  Jeez.  I'm going, 
I'm going."  She picked up Kenzaki as gently as possible.  She 
knew you weren't supposed to move injured people, but if Kaeya 
was right, then they didn't have time to wait for someone to 
bring a doctor down here.  She'd just have to be careful.  Once 
she had a firm hold on him, she dematerialized.

	Ayeka entered the lab and saw Washu sitting in front of 
a big-screen TV as seemingly random images flashed on the screen.  
	"Ms. Washu?"
	"Hey, Ayeka."
	"Any luck?"
	Washu nodded and gestured to Sasami's future self, lying 
on a stasis bed nearby.  "She's definitely Sasami," she said.  
"The memory engrams are coming out jumbled and in random patterns, 
but I found out enough to know that she's your sister."
	Ayeka took a breath.  A future Sasami.  It was hard to 
believe.
	"I also found out the name of the father,"  Washu said 
wickedly.  She tapped a few buttons on her holotop.
	Ayeka turned a deep crimson at the images that appeared 
on the screen.  She heard Sasami's voice and turned an even 
deeper shade of red.
	An older Sasami on the screen giggled.  Then, "Carvin..." 
followed by a short gasp and a moan.
	Washu nodded appreciatively.  "It's good to know she'll 
have a healthy love life."
	"That's quite enough, Ms. Washu,"  Ayeka growled.
	Washu pretended not to hear her.  "'Carvin,' is a Belegese 
given name.  It means, 'broken sword.'"  She put her finger to 
her lips in thought and looked at the screen.  "Funny, his sword 
doesn't *look* broken..."
	Suddenly, Ayeka was holding her by the front of her uniform 
again.  "I said that was enough, Ms. Washu!  I don't think we 
should be digging around in my sister's private affairs!"
	Washu grinned.  "Jealous?"
	Ayeka growled.
	"Look, this is what you *asked* me to do, remember?  
Retrieving memory engrams is tedious work, and I'm not about 
to overlook a potential source of data just because it offends 
your delicate, Jurain sensibilities."
	Ayeka began to calm down as these words set in.  "Could 
you at least turn it off, please?"
	Washu nodded.  "Okay, then."  Ayeka let her down, and 
she typed on her holotop.  The screen went dark.
	"Do you have any idea what she was trying to warn us 
about?"
	Washu turned serious.  "This is what I know.  Whatever 
it was that prompted her to come back here, it was important.  
Important enough to risk death.  I've been seeing some 
disturbing things, Ayeka.  I can't make sense of it yet.  
Like I said, the images are coming in random jumbles, but I 
think your life might be in danger."
	Ayeka took another breath.  "Thank you, Ms. Washu.  
Please...please keep me informed."
	Washu nodded.  "If my damn Penzatan helmet were ready, 
this would be a snap.  I could go in myself and pick and 
choose whatever memories I wanted."  She hmm'd in thought.  
"Maybe I should try it.  It's almost ready, anyway."
	"Would it harm Sasami?"
	"Hmmm.  I don't think so, but you're right.  We shouldn't 
risk it."
	"Is that it over there?"  Ayeka asked, pointing to a 
metallic helmet on a nearby workbench.  Washu nodded and 
smiled with pride.  
	"Yup, my greatest invention yet."

	Near the spaceship tree, Funaho, beneath the branches 
of what was once a great Jurain warship, a doorway of light 
opened.  It erupted from thin air, a hole in reality hovering 
several feet off the ground.  From that hole something dropped 
to the surface, but stopped itself bare inches above the ground, 
her foot hovered their, seemingly of its own accord.  The 
doorway closed above her.
	Ryoko looked around and grinned.  "Home sweet home!"  She 
laughed and touched the ground.  Suddenly, the metal band on her 
arm began to beep.  She grimaced and brought it up to her face.  
A tiny, holographic image of Count Seiryo appeared there.
	Ryoko growled.  "You are such an annoying bastard!"  she 
said, shaking her head.
	The holo-Seiryo frowned.  "I'm here to keep your mind on 
the mission, Ryoko.  Remember, you *owe* me.  I made it possible 
for you to infiltrate the palace so you could have your revenge, 
now you're going to make me king."  Ryoko's eyes narrowed.  "We 
had a deal," he reminded her.
	"Fine, fine," Ryoko said.  "You'll get your crown.  Besides," 
she said with a smile, "I get to kill Ayeka again."
	Holo-Seiryo frowned again.  "Just remember, the boy's the 
real target."
	Ryoko hissed between her teeth.
	"Losing your nerve, Ryoko?"
	"Of course not."
	Holo-Seiryo grinned.  "If it makes you feel better, Ryoko, 
you don't *have* to kill him.  You could simply castrate him.  A 
man who can't produce an heir is automatically disqualified from 
the line of succession."
	Ryoko thought on this.  "Well...I *did* want his balls..."
	She laughed.  It wasn't a pleasant sound.  Holo-Seiryo 
grinned.
	"One more thing," he began.  Ryoko returned her attention 
to him.  "Commander Kenzaki and his wife are missing.  Kenzaki 
might already be there.  As a matter of fact, I'm almost certain 
of it."
	Ryoko furrowed her brow.  "Kenzaki...Kenzaki.." she 
whispered to herself.
	Holo-Seiryo sighed.  "The TSS agent you almost killed on 
the palace roof," he supplied.
	Ryoko brightened.  "Oh, yeah, him!  Heals fast for a 
mortal, doesn't he?"
	"If he warns them..."
	"Relax, they won't have time to do anything about it."  
She grinned.  "In nine days the man your program is based on 
will be the rightful, *legal* king of Jurai."
	Holo-Seiryo smiled.  "Just don't screw up, and don't 
leave Kenzaki at your back this time."
	She smiled.  "He had his chance."  Holo-Seiryo disappeared 
with a nod.  "He won't get another," she finished.

	Washu turned as Ryoko entered her lab carrying something 
bulky in her arms. "Washu!"
	The scientist saw that it was a body and acted.  She hopped 
out of her chair and lead Ryoko to a stasis bed next to Saasmi's.  
Ryoko gently placed Carvin's body on the bed.  Washu took out a 
handheld scanner and shook her head as she heard Carvin's 
breathing become more erratic.
	She jumped back as the holographic image of a young girl 
appeared on his arm.  "Are you a doctor?!"
	Washu blinked.  "Er....sort of."
	Kaeya sighed.  "I guess you'll just have to do."  She 
cleared her throat.  "Commander Kenzaki's med report is as 
follows.  His left leg is broken in two places,"  Washu began 
to scan as Kaeya went on.  "He has a punctured lung and is 
bleeding internally near his pancreas.  There is shrapnel 
embedded there as well as near his aorta."
	Washu nodded as her own scans confirmed what the hologram 
was saying.  "Okay, Ryoko, get out.  I need open him up."  She 
turned her attention to the hologram, "Um..."
	"Kaeya,"  the hologram supplied.
	"Kaeya, can I assume that you can keep a running tab on 
his vitals?"
	"That is so."
	"Good, then hang around."
	"Yes, Ma'am."
	Washu shoo'd Ryoko out of her lab and turned to start 
working on Carvin.

	"So, who are they, Kiyone?"  Tenchi asked.
	Gathered together in the living room, the Masaki family, 
minus Washu, listened raptly as Kiyone began.
	"They're definitely GP," she said.  "I didn't recognize 
the rating insignia, so I sent it to GP HQ for analysis."
	"What did they say, Kiyone?"  Ayeka asked.
	Kiyone took a breath.  "They sent me a message ordering 
me to forget I ever saw it and that if I brought up the subject
again I would be stripped of rank and dishonorably discharged."
	They all stared at her in disbelief.
	"So," she continued, "I called in a few favors and found 
a few interesting things out.  It turns out that that symbol 
belongs to a top-secret element of the Galaxy Police, the 
Temporal Investigations Division.  Right now, they primarily 
investigate temporal anomlies, they can't travel back in time 
themselves...yet."
	"Kiyone," Ryoko began confused, "Are you saying that 
those hardsuits were Galaxy Police from the *future*?"
	Kiyone nodded.  "It looks like it."  She looked out the 
window.  They had piled the downed hardsuits in the backyard 
until they figured out what to do with them, and Ryoko had 
incinerated the bodies.  "I saw a woman out there who is 
supposed to be getting her butt kicked by GP drill sergeants.  
Instead, she's out there, dead, and twenty years older than 
she's supposed to be."
	"That makes it certain," Tenchi said.
	"It would appear so," Ayeka agreed.
	They heard the lab door open and shut, then Washu's 
voice.
	"Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka.  You'd better all come to my 
lab."  As one, the entire group got up and went to Washu's 
lab.  She stood outside the door and stopped them.  She faced 
Sasami.  "Sasami, it's getting late, and I'm starving.  Do you 
think you could start dinner?"
	Sasami looked at her and blinked.  "Well, okay, Ms. Washu."  
She threw the others one last look and went into the kitchen to 
start dinner.
	Washu opened the lab and beckoned the others inside.  
"I didn't want Sasami in here for two reasons," she explained.  
"First, it's not a good idea for her to know too much about her 
future.  Two..." she paused and took an unsettled breath.  
"There's something...disturbing...I have to show you."
	She led them to a tank of water.  A nude Carvin was 
floating in it, electrodes were attached to his skull.  
"I've been extracting his memory engrams while I healed him, 
hoping to get some information."  She took another breath.  
"And then I stumbled onto this."
	She hit a button on her keyboard.  The others watched 
as the viewscreen came to life, showing a scene from Carvin's 
perspective.  They watched for several minutes.  Ayeka had 
been sickened and ended up vomitting into Washu's trash basket.  
Ryoko watched on in horrid fascination as the woman on the 
screen picked Carvin up.
	"*Tell Ayeka Ryoko says hi.*"
	After that, the memory ended.
	Ryoko turned to the others, who were staring at her.  
She had seen that expression on people's faces before.
	Fear.
	She shook her head.  "It's not me," she whispered in 
disbelief.  "It can't be me.  It *can't*!"
	"So, that's why they came back,"  Ayeka whispered.
	Washu nodded.  "For some reason, they think the cause 
of...of this...is here, in this time."
	"It can't be me,"  Ryoko whispered again.  She turned 
to Tenchi.  "Tenchi!  You have to believe me!  It can't be me!  
I'm not fond of Ayeka, but...but I don't want to *kill* her!"  
The others watched as Ryoko pleaded with Tenchi.
	While their attention was focused elsewhere, they didn't 
notice Sasami's eyes open.  She turned her head to the sounds 
of their voices and saw them grouped around the viewscreen.  
She gasped as she saw Carvin's body floating in a stasis tank.  
"Carvin," she whispered.  She turned her head, her eyes rested 
on a workbench.  On that workbench sat a helmet.
	A very familiar helmet.
	She winced as she climbed out of the bed.  She was still 
wearing the blue kimono she had been wearing before...what had 
happened to them, anyway?  It wasn't important.  Right now, what 
was important was that the plan had failed, she had no idea how 
much time they had left, and her target was *right there*!
	She heard the others talking as she approached the helmet.  
She hurt all over, her head was pounding.  The delicate cloth of 
the kimono rustled as she walked.  She stopped in front of the 
bench and leaned against it, breathing hard.  She looked down at 
the helmet. And picked it up.
	"What the hell?"  she heard Washu say as the scientist 
noticed her.
	Sasami screamed and smashed the helmet on the workbench.
	"MY EXPERIMENT!"
	She smashed the helmet repeatedly, pieces of metal broke 
off the contraption, clinking on the ground.  Other shards of 
metal and glass cut into her skin.  She slammed it against the 
table one more time before Tenchi and Kiyone grabbed her.  The 
last of her energy spent, Sasami fell back into unconsciousness.

	Sasami's eyes opened again, only this time, Ayeka's purple 
eyes looked back at her worriedly.
	"Ayeka?"  Sasami croaked.
	Ayeka turned her head.  "Ms. Washu, she's awake!"
	Sasami could hear an irate Washu, but couldn't see her.  
"Good, she has a lot of explaining to do!"
	"Are you okay?"  Ayeka asked.  "How are you feeling?"
	Sasami smiled.  "I'm okay."  She blinked as the memories 
came back to her.  "Carvin!  Where his he!?  Is he okay!?"  She 
tried to sit up, but Ayeka rested her hands on her shoulders and 
guided her back to the bed.
	"Your...husband?"  she asked, hopefully.  Sasami nodded.  
Ayeka seemed to breathe a sigh of relief.  "He's okay.  Washu has 
him in a tissue regeneration tank.  He'll be good as new in less 
than a day."
	Sasami closed her eyes and took a relieved breath.  "What 
about my baby?" she asked.
	Ayeka smiled.  "She's fine."
	Sasami moaned in despair.
	"What!?  Sasami, what's wrong!?"
	Sasami shook her head.  "We didn't want to know the sex!  
We wanted to be surprised!"
	Ayeka laughed in amused relief.  Sasami smiled.  "I'm sorry, 
Sasami.  I didn't know."
	"It's okay."
	Ayeka bit her lip.  "Sasami, why are you here?"
	She shook her head.  "I can't tell you, Ayeka."
	"What does it have to do with Washu's helmet?"
	"I can't tell you that either," she said, "But don't let 
Washu rebuild it, whatever you do," she added hurriedly.  She 
reached out and took her sister's hand.  "Please, Ayeka, promise 
me you won't let her rebuild it!"
	Ayeka nodded hurriedly.  "Okay, Sasami.  I won't let her."
	Sasami closed her eyes and took a couple of deep breaths.  
"That's good.  That's good," she repeated.  Then, she fell asleep 
again.

	"So what do we do with them?"  Kiyone asked.
	The entire family, minus Sasami and Nobuyuki, who had gone 
to the park, sat in the Masaki living room once again.  They felt 
that it would be better if Sasami had no knowledge of what was 
going to happen to her in the future, and felt better knowing she 
was away.
	Washu hmm'd in thought.  "Well, it's not as if I can send 
them back.  Perhaps they have their own ride home."
	"How are they feeling, anyway?"  Mihoshi asked with concern.
	"Sasami's still asleep," Ayeka told her, staring out the 
window, "And Commander Kenzaki is still in the tissue regenerator."
	Washu nodded.  "He should be fully healed in another hour or 
so."
	"So what do we do?"  Tenchi repeated Kiyone's earlier 
question.
	"Whatever they're here to do, it's important," Washu 
pointed out.  "I think we should probably help them out."
	"How?"  Mihoshi asked.
	"By staying out of their way and not asking a lot of 
questions," Washu told them.
	Tenchi and the others nodded.
	"What if more Galaxy Police show up?"  Ayeka asked.
	"You leave them to me,"  Ryoko told her with a vicious 
smile.  Her smile disappeared when she saw the look of fear on 
Ayeka's face.  "What?"
	Ayeka blinked and shook her head.  "Nothing, it's just 
that..."
	"What?"
	Ayeka looked at her feet.  "For a second, you sounded just 
like *her*."
	Ryoko hissed between her teeth as her meaning was made 
clear.  "Ayeka, I'm not gonna..."
	Ayeka raised her hand to cut her off.  "We still don't 
know that," she said quietly.
	The demon took a nervous breath.  "I see," she said sadly.  
"You don't trust me, is that it?"
	The princess turned and looked her straight in the eye.  
"After what I saw," she said, "No, I don't trust you."
	Ryoko growled in anger.  "Fine, but if the GP *does* come 
looking for Sasami, you let *me* handle them.  Got it?"
	Ayeka nodded.
	"*We'll* handle them," Tenchi told them both firmly.  Ryoko 
and Ayeka stared at the floor and nodded.  When Tenchi was sure 
they understood that, he nodded.  "Okay.  Washu, is there any way 
we can prepare?"

	Carvin woke up surrounded by liquid.  His eyes flashed open.  
He didn't panic.  He recognized the green liquid he was floating in, 
and he also knew it was oxygenated.  He was in a regenerator tank.  
He was naked, and Kaeya had been removed.  He looked out and could 
see he was in a lab of some sort, but was it a TSS lab, one of 
Seiryo's...
	Or was this the lab of the infamous Washu?
	Either way, he wasn't hanging out here.  He kicked with his 
legs and floated to the top of the tank.  He reached up with his 
hands and keyed the emergency release.  With a hiss of compressed 
gas, the top hatch swung open.  Carvin climbed out and fell to 
the lab floor in a heap.  He opened his mouth and vomitted green 
regenator fluid all over the floor, coughing as he expelled the 
liquid from his lungs.  He laid there a moment, until he was 
breathing normally, then got up and started studying his 
surroundings.  
	He gasped when he saw Sasami lying on a stasis bed nearby.  
He quickly made his way to her.  He checked her pulse, steady.  
She was breathing normally.  They had to get out of here.  No 
matter where they were, they couldn't take the risks.  He padded 
over to another workbench and started searching through drawers.  
He found his clothes.  Washu had repaired them.  He quickly dressed, 
and smiled when he found his sidearm, the tiny back up laser, and 
holster among the articles of clothing.  Kaeya was missing, but he 
didn't have time for a more extensive search.
	He went back to Sasami and picked her up in a fireman's 
carry.  Drawing his pistol with his free hand, he made for the 
door.  He listened at the door and quietly turned the knob, 
straining his ears for the sounds of alert.  Hearing none, he 
carried Sasami out the door and down the hall.
	He heard the sound of voices and paused.  They were coming 
from behind him.  He stole into a doorway and found himself in a 
kitchen.  Luckily, it was empty.  He saw a doorway leading out of 
the house and made for it.
	It was bright outside.  He squinted at the light of Earth's 
sun and continued to run, Sasami sleeping quietly over his 
shoulder.

	Floating above the trees, Ryoko watched Carvin carry 
his wife away from the house.  She grinned.  Hopefully that 
meant they hadn't warned them.  It was time to go to work.
	"Don't need this," she sang as she tore the metallic 
bracelet from her left arm and dropped it to the ground.  
She vanished. 
 
	Sasami woke up with the warm sun on her face.  She 
looked up and saw Carvin smiling down at her.
	"Carvin?"
	"Hey, Sas," he said with a smile.  "Wonderful party, 
huh?"
	She smiled and sat up.  "Where are we?"
	"Other side of the lake from the house, near where we 
arrived."
	"What happened?"
	"I woke up in a regen tank and decided it was time to 
check out.  How are you feeling?"
	She moaned.  "Okay, I guess.  Carvin, I did it.  I 
destroyed the helmet and I told Ayeka not to let Washu 
rebuild it."
	Carvin bit his lip.  A part of him had wanted them to 
fail this mission, but this wasn't the time to worry about 
that.  Now he had to worry about clean up.
	"Sas, I have to go back.  I couldn't find Kaeya, and 
if I know Washu, she's been collecting data on us since she 
got us into that lab.  I have to erase it all.  Otherwise 
we risk a paradox."
	Sasami climbed to her feet.  "I'm ready."
	"You're staying," he told her.
	"No arguments, you'll need a lookout or someone to 
negotiate with them if things get too hot.  I'm coming 
along."
	He bit his lip.  She was right.  It was dangerous, 
but now that the timeline was altered, what did it matter?  
<It doesn't matter,> he thought bitterly.  <We've succeeded.  
The timeline has changed.  Our lives are forfeit.>
	He nodded.  "Okay, let's go."

	Washu shook her head.  "They're gone."
	Tenchi bit his lip in thought.  "We should go look for them.  
They're hurt, they could die."
	The others agreed.  Within minutes, they were spreading across 
the forest near Masaki shrine looking for them.  They didn't 
realize that Carvin and Sasami had found *them*.
	Carvin and Sasami watched from the edge of the forest.  
"Okay, it's clear," Carvin told her.  "Let's go."
	They ran across the yard, into the house.  Carvin tried 
to remember where Washu's lab was, but he didn't have to.  
Sasami led him straight to it.  She opened the door, but he 
stopped her from going inside.  He handed her the small back 
up laser.
	"Stay here and shoot anyone who tries to get through 
this door," he told her.
	Her eyes went wide.  She started to protest.
	"You don't have to kill them, but make sure they know you 
mean business.  We can't let the information Washu has in her 
computers to remain here.  No matter what.  We've altered the 
timeline, now all we have to do is make sure it doesn't destroy 
Jurai."
	She swallowed nervously and nodded.  He stepped into the 
lab and began searching.  Five minutes later, he found her.
	"Kaeya, wake up."
	The metal band lit up.  Kaeya's holographic form appeared 
and yawned.  The bracelet had been on standby to conserve 
energy, and Kaeya had a bad habit of mimicking human practices 
and expressions.
	"Carvin!" she exclaimed in delight.  "You're okay!"
	"Yes, I'm okay!" he hissed.  "Why did you let them take 
me?"
	Kaeya flinched and looked at her feet in embarrassment.  
"You were hurt, Carvin.  You needed help."
	"Kaeya," he began dangerously.  "SOP dictates that 
assistants undergo memory wipes every six months to prevent 
sentience.  I've never done it with you, because I happen to 
like you the way you are, but if you ever pull a stunt like 
that again I'll wipe you myself, do you get me?"
	Kaeya nodded pitifully.
	"Next time you activate the self destruct and you finish 
me off, got it?"
	Kaeya nodded again.  Carvin sighed.  He shouldn't be beating 
up on Kaeya.  Especially now.  
	Now it didn't matter.
	"Okay, Kaeya," he said more softly.  "We're in the home 
stretch.  We just have to do clean up.  Think you can work your 
way into Professor Washu's computer and delete everything 
recorded in the last..."  He trailed off.  He had no idea how 
long he was out.  "How long have we been here, Kaeya?"
	"Three days, Sir."	
	"Okay, everything in the last three days."  Kaeya nodded.
	Carvin carried her to the main terminal and placed her on 
top of it.  There was an electronic "click," then Kaeya said, "I'm 
in.  Beginning search."
	"How long?"
	"Fourteen minutes."
	Carvin stood back and waited.

	Sasami stood outside the lab door and waited.  Suddenly, 
there was a disturbance behind her.  She turned...
	Just in time for Ryoko's fist to slam into her face.
	Sasami hit the floor, unconscious.  Ryoko stood above her and 
regarded her for a moment.
	<No, not her.>  she thought to herself.  <The others, fine, but 
not her.  She's no threat.  Seiryo be damned.>  She opened the door 
to the lab and stepped inside.

	Ryoko flew above the treetops, searching for Carvin and Sasami.  
That's when she noticed movement to her right.  She blinked.  She 
could've swore she saw someone floating in the air nearby only a 
second ago.  
	She blinked.  There was something wrong here.  She started 
back to the house.
	
	Carvin heard footsteps behind him and turned.  "Sas, I told 
you..."
	He reeled from the punch to the face and shook his head.  
He regained his senses just in time to grab Ryoko's hand as it 
shot toward him.  He pulled it past him as she let loose with 
an energy blast.  The shot hit a wall and exploded.  Carvin 
punched her in the jaw, then, still holding her by the wrist, 
twisted around and flipped her over his shoulder.  
	She dematerialized on the way down and reappeared before 
him.  She grinned and gave him another wave.
	"Hello, Mr. Royal Agent.  Ready for a rematch?"
	"What did you do to Sasami?"  he whispered in fear.
	Ryoko grinned.  "She's right outside that door.  Poor 
little thing.  Didn't even scream."
	Carvin snarled, drew his sidearm, and aimed.  In a flash, 
Ryoko was on him, kicking the gun out of his hands.  She followed 
up with a shot to the jaw.  Carvin hit the ground and rolled right, 
just as Ryoko brought her foot down on where he was standing.  He 
got to his feet and attacked.  Ryoko dodged his punch and grabbed 
his arm.  With barely a passing effort, she flipped him into a wall.
	He got to his knees and shook the stars out of his eyes.  
He looked up and saw his gun lying on the floor just past Ryoko.  
She stood ten feet from him and beckoned to him with a crooked 
finger.  Carvin summoned his strength and charged.  Ryoko swung 
out with a right, but Carvin blocked it.  He brought his knee up 
into Ryoko's side, then followed up with a punch to the face.  
Ryoko fell to one side.  Carvin dived for the gun.  He felt it's 
familiar weight in his hand.  He brought it around to where Ryoko 
had fallen...
	But she was gone.
	Suddenly, there was the sound of a lightsword to his right.  
He turned and saw a flash of red as Ryoko's lightsword arced down 
and lopped off his gun hand at the wrist.  Carvin screamed and fell 
back to the ground, holding a cauterized stump with his left hand.
	Ryoko had managed to catch his gun, the hand still attached, 
and waved to him with it.  She laughed.  "Well, give the man a hand!"
	Carvin gritted his teeth and tried to banish the pain.  Ryoko 
laughed at him.  "You know, Mr. Agent Man," she said, "I haven't had 
this much fun since I cut Ayeka's throat open."
	"Laugh while you can, BITCH!" he hurled at her.  "The helmet's 
gone!  Time's been altered!  In six days you won't exist anymore!"
	Ryoko's smile turned into a grimace.  "NEITHER WILL YOU!"
	Carvin smiled grimly.  "Part of the service," he growled.  "Go 
ahead and kill me, Ryoko.  It don't mean shit, now!"
	Ryoko screamed at him in rage.  "Fine!  But I can still make 
you hurt you pompous, Jurain piece of shit!"  She started toward him.
	Suddenly, there was the sound of another lightsword.  Ryoko 
turned just in time to block another Ryoko's slash.  The two women 
stared at each other over crossed swords.  
	The future Ryoko grinned.  "Hello, little sister.  Here to 
help out?"
	Ryoko stared at her future self in shock.  She shoved her 
sword forward, throwing her future self back.  She attacked, slashing 
at her future self with everything she had.
	The future Ryoko was strong, but unstable.  Ryoko, with a clear 
head not weighted down by insanity, had the edge.
	And she made good use of it.
	Future Ryoko swung around to take Ryoko's head off, but Ryoko 
vanished and reappeared behind her.  Future Ryoko barely made the 
block.  Ryoko pressed her attack, continuing to slash at herself.  
Suddenly Ryoko delivered a snap kick to Future Ryoko's jaw.  Future 
Ryoko's head snapped back, a stream of blood shot from her mouth, 
splattering on Ryoko's face.  Before Future Ryoko could recover, 
Ryoko reached out with her sword and cut  her left hand off at the 
wrist.
	Future Ryoko screamed.  The gem that was on her wrist hit 
the ground with a gentle "clack."  Ryoko growled and reached out 
with her hand, grabbing her future self by the neck.  Her right 
foot snaked around and tripped her.  Future Ryoko hit the ground 
with a grunt.  Ryoko appeared on top of her, straddling her, 
pinning her to the ground.  Ryoko placed her sword at her enemy's 
throat.  Future Ryoko looked up in fear.
	Ryoko leaned forward and growled at her.  "Tell Ayeka Ryoko 
says, 'hi!'" she spat, then pressed her blade through Future 
Ryoko's throat, not stopping until she felt her knuckles hit 
the floor below.
	Ryoko stood up and regarded her decapitated double with 
contempt.  Carvin got to his feet and approached her.
	"If she's me," Ryoko began, "Does this mean I just committed 
suicide?"
	Carvin looked down at the future Ryoko's body.  "No, Ryoko," 
he said softly.  "I think I'd call it euthenasia."
	He stumbled slightly.  Ryoko caught him and gently guided 
him to the floor.  "Are you okay?"
	He shook his head.  "It doesn't matter," he said.  He shut 
his eyes.  "Sasami," he whispered.
	"She's right outside, unconscious."
	He looked at her.  "Alive?"
	She nodded.  He took a breath.  She looked over at her 
double's body again.  "Is it over?" she asked.
	He nodded. "It's over."
	From the command console, Kaeya beeped.  "Deletion 
complete, Sir."
	Ryoko looked at him, worriedly.  "Is there anything I 
can do?"
	He nodded.  "You can fly me and Sasami out of here and 
forget you ever saw us."
	She nodded.  "But you should wait awhile.  You need a 
doctor."
	He laughed.  "A doctor won't do me any good six days from 
now."
	"What happens in six days?"
	He looked at her.  "No point in keeping it a secret, I 
guess.  In six days, the temporal wake will catch up to my time.  
With the timeline altered, we no longer exist.  Our temporal 
patterns will shift out of phase when the timeline realigns 
itself."
	Ryoko's eyes went wide.  "You'll die?"
	"I don't know," he told her seriously.  "I'm not sure 
'death' is the right thing to call it.  It's never happened 
before."
	Ryoko shook her head in disbelief.
	"Do me a favor?"
	She nodded.
	"Live your life to the fullest, Ryoko."  He smiled.  
"It's costing me and Sasami quite a bit."
	She bit her lip and nodded.
	"Now, please," he said,  "Get us out of here.  Before 
the others come back."

	"It's almost been six days,"  Tenchi mused, looking out 
the window.  "I wonder what happened to them."
	Ryoko stood next to him and sighed.  She had shared what 
had happened in the lab with Tenchi and Ayeka, and told them 
about Carvin's favor.  She looked out there and wondered what 
the future would be like.  	
	At least now she could be hopeful.

	Carvin and Sasami sat on the hill top and watched the 
sunrise.  Carvin's right arm was swathed in bandages, his face 
was bruised.  Sasami, herself, had a black eye.  But these 
injuries were nothing compared to what Carvin told her lay 
ahead.  She took a breath and mentally nodded to herself.  
A princess was expected to sacrifice herself for the kingdom.
	"Kaeya, time,"  Carvin ordered.
	"Three minutes, twenty seconds."
	"I hope that we're together in the other timeline," 
Sasami whispered, her hand trailing to her stomach.
	Carvin held her with his good arm.  The two had managed 
to remain unnoticed in a small motel in town for six days.  
They had talked, and tried to enjoy what could be their last 
days together.
	"I think we will be,"  Carvin told her.  
	"I hope they're happy."
	"They will be, Sas, they will be."
	They watched the sun rise higher into the sky.
	"Ten seconds,"  Kaeya's voice intoned.
	Sasami blinked back tears as she desperately embraced 
Carvin.  "I love you, Carvin," she sobbed.
	He held her tighter and blinked back tears of his own.  
"I love you, Sas."
	"Temporal wake has reached Point Z."
	Light began to consume their bodies.  It was a pure white 
light that seemed to come from everywhere.  Carvin and Sasami 
held each other tighter as the light consumed them.  
	A second later, there was nothing.

	Carvin Kenzaki walked alongside the king of Jurai, swishing 
the wine in his glass around.  The king smiled at him and shook 
his head.  "You've come a long way, Carvin,"  he commented.
	"Thank you, Your Majesty.  That means a lot coming from 
you."
	The king shot him a look.  "I told you, Carvin, it's 
'Tenchi,' not 'Your Majesty.'  We *are* family after all."
	Carvin smiled.  "As you wish, Tenchi."
	Tenchi Masaki laughed.  He shook his head again.  "Director 
of the new Temporal Security Service.  It's a well deserved 
promotion, Carvin.  Congragulations."
	Carvin's smile became a little more relaxed.  "Thanks.  
There are those who think I got it because of my relationship 
with...."
	Tenchi turned to him.  "*Never* believe that, Carvin.  I 
watched your career progress.  If I didn't think you could do 
the job, I wouldn't have pushed for your appointment.  You 
*earned* it."
	"That means even more, Tenchi."
	Tenchi smiled.  "Are you going to exercise your right 
to lead some missions yourself?"
	Carvin shook his head.  "I made a promise to my wife.  
The last time, was the *last* time."
	"You gonna miss it?"
	Carvin turned to him incredulously.  "'Miss it?'  Miss 
what?  Being dropped into Tsunami knows where, on a mission I 
only half understand, to stop an assassin I've never seen from 
killing a person I've never met, while the local authorities do 
their damndest to stop me?"  He shook his head.  "No, I'm looking 
forward to a nice, quiet desk job."
	Tenchi smiled.   "That's a lie and you know it."
	"Not really.  It'll give me more time to spend with Sasami, 
which is good...given our situation."
	Tenchi arched an eyebrow.  "Situation?"
	Carvin threw him a look and smiled slightly.
	Realization struck Tenchi like a truck.  He grinned.  "You 
dog," he said in awe.  "Congragulations!  How far along?"
	Carvin's smile got wider.  "Three weeks."
	"And the doctors haven't found anything wrong..."
	The TSS agent shook his head.  "As far as they can tell, 
the assimilation is having no impact whatsoever.  They gave us 
the green light."
	Tenchi laughed and slapped his friend on the back.  "Now 
we have something *else* to celebrate!"
	"Don't let on that you know,"  Carvin begged.  "Sasami 
wants to be the one to tell you, Ayeka, and Ryoko."
	"I promise, not a word,"  Tenchi promised.   "So what are 
you gonna name her?"
	Carvin arched an eyebrow.  "'Her?'" he asked with a smile.  
"You know something I don't?"
	Tenchi faltered for a moment.  "Call it royal premonition."
	Carvin smiled.  "Well, if it *is* a girl, we're thinking of, 
'Ryoko.'"  Tenchi arched an eyebrow.  "I hope Ayeka won't be too 
offended, but on Belegast, it's considered bad luck to name a 
child after a sibling."
	Tenchi shook his head.  "I think it's very appropriate."
	Carvin took a look around.  "Where are Ryoko and Ayeka, 
anyway?  Sasami said she'd meet us at the restauraunt in twenty 
minutes, we have to leave soon."
	Tenchi nodded.  "Ayeka is putting little Yosho down to bed, 
and Ryoko is reading Kazeko a story."
	It only took another minute before Ayeka and Ryoko appeared, 
dressed in elegant gowns.  Ayeka saw Carvin and kissed him on the 
cheek.  Ryoko dematerialized and reappeared next to him, embracing  
him in a hug.

	When they arrived at the restauraunt, Sasami met them at the 
door.  She hugged Carvin and kissed him.  Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko 
watched and smiled.  The maitre'd quickly seated the King, his 
Queens, and his guests and told them a waiter would be sent 
immediately.
	"Tell him to take his time," Sasami told him.  "I want to 
dance with my husband."
	Carvin grinned.  "Why, Mrs. Kenzaki, I would love to."  He 
took her hand and swept her out onto the dance floor.  Tenchi, 
Ayeka, and Ryoko watched them, smiling at them the entire time.
	Ayeka sighed.  "I feel so relieved," she said.  "I was so 
afraid that by helping us, that we had somehow..."
	"Cheated them of their future?"  Ryoko supplied.
	Ayeka nodded.  "Yes.  Today is the day, you know.  The one 
we saw in Carvin's mind all those years ago."  She looked out 
onto the dance floor, where Sasami and Carvin were laughing 
and trying to dance without tripping over each other's feet.
	Tenchi nodded.  "It worked out in the end.  I shudder 
whenever I think about how it *might* have turned out."
	Ryoko sighed.  Ayeka looked a little guilty.  "I never 
apologized to you, Ryoko.  I should've trusted you back then."
	"After what I saw, Ayeka, I don't blame you.  For the 
longest time after seeing what I had become, I didn't trust 
myself, either."
	Tenchi smiled at them.  "But everything turned out all 
right.  We're together, we're happy, *they're together*, and 
they're happy."  He stood up.   "Now, who wants to dance?"
	Ayeka and Ryoko both stood up.  They glared at each other.  
Tenchi's face fell as panic began to set in.
	"Ryoko,"  Ayeka said in warning, "You got to dance with him 
at Count Volara's wedding."
	"But you danced with him at the Military Ball!"
	"That doesn't count!  You weren't there!  Who was he 
*supposed* to dance with?!  The Commandant?!"
	On the dance floor, Sasami and Carvin watched the exchange 
and smiled.  "They're at it again,"  Sasami commented.
	Carvin nodded.  "You know, I think they actually enjoy 
fighting like that."
	Sasami laughed.  "I sometimes wonder how it would've turned 
out if poor Tenchi had married one and not the other."
	Carvin pulled his wife close and gave her a quick kiss.  
"I guess we'll never know."
	She smiled.
	Together, they danced well into the night.


Thanks for reading.

Thomas "009" Doscher
doscher009@hotmail.com
