Time Enough for Tenchi, part 10: Mihoshi's Diary
by Eaerth

He hates me.  I don't know why.  I'd do anything to make it
not that way.

We took off from Earth yesterday and out of habit I flew us
toward the galactic core, but really I didn't know where to
go.  "I don't know where to go," I told Tenchi.

He said, "Yeah."  He said, "Who can we trust in your damn
Empire?  We don't want the galaxy police to kill us, I don't
think.  Shinobu, what about your people?"

Shinobu's nice.

"I know," I said.  "We can call Kiyone.  She's an officer
and everything."

"Pardon me Mihoshi," Shinobu said, "but are you out of your
mind?  We call the galaxy police and we'll have every ship
in the sector outside that porthole."

"No no no no no," I said.  "We can trust Kiyone."  We can
always trust Kiyone.  And then they all yelled at me.  "Ok,
you can fly the ship, they'll never catch us drifting dead
in deep space," I said.  That made them shut up.

I made the call and asked for the Commissioner and argued
with the receptionist for a while.  Then Kiyone appeared on
the viewscreen.

"My dear friend Mihoshi," Kiyone said and I started bawling.
Kiyo always says I cry too much.  Said.  Cried too much.  I
don't cry any more.  I cried when I saw Kiyone.

She looked just the same as when I last saw her, when
everything changed.  She was so thin.  Young, too.  Always
before, there was Kiyone and she was my friend.  Now
everything is bad, but when Kiyone is there, something's the
way it was.  I wish everything would be the way it used to
be.

"We need help," I said.

"We?" she asked.

"Jurai Commissioner Kiyone," Tenchi said, stepping forward,
"she says you can be trusted.  But she's Mihoshi, and we
both know how much that means."

"*Tenchi?*" Kiyone asked.

They talked about something but I can't remember a word they
spoke.  They discussed the attacks on Earth and how the
police didn't do evil things like that, how only the Jurai
government had motive to murder Dr. Rosman and his
followers, and how she would look into it.  I didn't pay
attention much.  What I heard was, "She's Mihoshi, and we
know we can't trust anything she says."  Why does he hate
me?  Sure I'm not smart, but I'm not stupid.  I don't lie.
And he asked me something.

"What?" I said.  I had to say "I don't understand" because I
didn't understand what he said.  I was thinking about other
things.  He sighed and rolled his eyes at me.  He sighs a
lot now, more than he used to.

"I said could you get us out of here now?" he said.  "In
case you're wrong, I don't want to be in the solar system
when the police arrive."

He doesn't trust me, I wish I wasn't here.

I have to go fly the ship again in a bit.  When I get back,
I know everything will be the same as always, different from
before.  I'll cry and then I'll sleep.  This is how I spend
every night.  I wish the world was nice again.

I had to keep it quiet when Kazumi was around.  He didn't
like it.  Those nights, I wouldn't sleep.  It was better
when he was with other women.

I remember when it started.  All the stuff that led up to
the world changing began at the club.  It was the biggest 
club in the Hoshan Orbital, always crowded, fun.  One day 
round midnight, I went to pass on a message to my husband.

"Kazumi, Ryoko--"

"Chancellor Ryoko's here and wants to see me," he said.

"Yes.  Who told you?"

"You did.  Just now."

"I did?" I asked.  "I don't remember--"

"Just bring her up," he said.  "I'll see her now."

"Yes, sir," I said.  "I really don't remember saying
anything...."

In the casino, Ryoko was propping up the bar and drinking.

"Hi Ryoko!  Remember me?" I said.

"No."  She took a swig.  "Wait a minute.  Is that Mihoshi?
Damn you look different."

I took a look.  I wore a shimmering gold outfit with a lot
of skin.  I shrugged.  Ryoko wasn't looking at my clothes
anyway.

"I can take you to Mr. Mashua now," I said.

"Good.  Lead on."

"Did you do any gambling?" I asked while we walked.

"Not tonight.  I'm here on business."

"Business?  For the Empress?  How exciting!  What is it?"

"It's not for me to tell you."  She saw my expression.
"Mihoshi, listen.  You don't want to know.  It's about to
get really ugly out there.  I do what I can but Aeka, she's
... Aeka.  It's good that you're out of the galaxy police."

We reached Kazumi's door and I knocked.  "Come in," I heard.

Ryoko finished her drink and gave me the glass.  "Bring me
another of these."

The door opened before I reached the doorknob.  Henrik,
Kazumi's man, opened it.

"And take care of the guy out back," Kazumi finished.

"I'll bring the car around," Henrik answered, leaving.

"Lady Chancellor, enjoying your night out?" Kazumi asked,
and Ryoko entered and closed the door behind her.

I started to get Ryoko's drink but then I passed the back
door and forgot about it.  "Take care of the man out back."
What was that about?  I went into the garden.  "Hello," I
called.  "Hello out there."  Nothing answered me but the
open space above that said how expensive this place was.  I
looked around but only saw flowers and orchids and stuff.

The garden is the only thing I miss about the whole station.

"Oh well, he must have left," I said.

That's when I stumbled over the body.  The dead body.  He
was dead.  He'd been shot with a PPG at close range,
sometime within the last hour.  I knew his face, cause he
was a regular at the club.

I called the police.  It wasn't my job to investigate these
things any more.

"We know this guy," the police said.  "Toshiro Shaoran,
brother of that terrorist we brought in last week."

"Dead terrorist," his partner said.

"Dead terrorist.  You know those scumbags.  They can't even
trust each other.  Got the body bag?"

"Yeap," his partner said.  "One down, 13 billion to go."

After they left, I found the body's wallet.  I thought I'd
bring it to the station tomorrow.

Kazumi had me get him a drink before we went to bed.  "You
know how I like it," he said.  Yeah I did.  Wet.  In a large
glass.

He was angry with me for some reason.  He lay on me pretty
hard that night, and then rolled over and passed out.  I
never imagined it that way when I was young.  I always
thought it would have been nice.

With ... I can't even say it to my diary.

The next day something was bothering me and so I made a
mistake and the world changed.  Something bothered me about
Toshiro Shaoran's death.  I went to the address I found in
the wallet rather than straight to the police.  His
apartment was on a low sub-level, close to the hull of the
orbital station.

His door was unlocked.  Looked like it had been forced.  I
opened the door.  It had been forced.  The room had been
ransacked.  Everything that could be overturned or ripped
open was.

Toshiro had crossed his criminal buddies, probably stolen
something, and they killed him to get it back.

I left.  A Kazan woman approached me.  "Are you from the
Vacuum Flower?" she bubbled.

"Yes," I said.  "I'm Mrs. Mashua."

"He told me to give you this."  The Kazan's tentacles handed
me a fat brown envelope.

"Did you hear anything last night?" I asked.

"I'm a Kazan," she said.  "I'm deaf."

"Oh.  Right."

In the tunnelcar home I looked in the envelope.  Another
mistake.  I'm such a screwup.  If I hadn't looked, the
change wouldn't have happened.  The world would still be a
good place.

The envelope was filled with pictures.  They were all black
and white and taken secretly.  Two men in galaxy police
uniforms talked to a man on the street.  A man in a cloak
looked on.  The man on the street gave the men in uniform a
briefcase and they opened it.  Full of cash.  Then the 
uniformed men shot him and walked away.  Good shots of 
everyone's faces.

The criminals were impersonating galaxy police!

There was also a paper with the pictures.  It said, "Tohno,
Jiro's murderers.  Toshiro."

Back at the club that evening I asked Simone if she knew a
regular named Tohno.  I like her.  She's nice to me.  She
pointed me to a small man with hair the color of autumn
leaves.

I placed a photo in front of him.  "What do you know about
these people, Mr. Tohno?"

He looked at me.

"You're the owner's Mrs?  Why do you care?"

"A crime has been committed and I must stop the evildoers."

"Okay," he said in that voice Tenchi would use with me,
short 'o' and long 'kay.'  "This man's Jiro Shaoran,
Toshiro's brother."

"The terrorist?" I asked.

"Jiro wasn't no terrorist, that's just something the cops
made up.  He worked for the syndic.  That's honest work."

"Were they close?"

"Nah," he said.  "Toshiro hated 'im.  He was always trying
to get something over on his brother.  Following 'im around
too, I guess."

"Who are these other people?" I asked.

"Don't know the cops.  The man in the coat's Kiteyo, owns
the Lily.  His Mrs. was treating Jiro like a rocking horse.
Where'd you get this?"

I gave him the envelope.  "Toshiro left this for you.
Before he died."

"Wanted me to meet 'im here last night."

"Enjoy your evening, Mr. Tohno," I said.

It was getting more confusing.  I understood most of it.
Jiro was giving the two police impersonators money, probably
to hire them to do some job for the syndic, but they
double-crossed him.  They stole the money without doing the
job.  I didn't know why Toshiro took the pictures.  But he
planned to take them to the real police as soon as they were
developed, bringing justice for the murder of his brother.
But why was a rich businessman like Kiteyo there, and who
killed Toshiro?

Only one person would know the answer to that question.  I
called a cab to take me to the Lily.

It was all my fault.  Everything changed because of me,
because I forgot I wasn't a cop anymore.  I destroyed the
world, I made everything evil.  Because of me, you can't
trust anyone.  Because of me, no one protects the innocent.
Because I took a cab to the Lily, Tenchi doesn't trust me.
You can't trust anyone.  He hates me.

It's my fault and I deserve it.  But when I arrived at
Kiteyo's club, I was all business.

"Mrs. Mashua, what brings you by my place of humble
entertainment?"  Kiteyo invited me into his office on the
third floor.  Two walls were all windows and filled with the
tops of trees outside.  That must have cost a fortune.  "May
I offer you a drink?  How do you like yours?"

"I don't.  I came to talk about uniforms."  I felt so suave.
"I hear you're in the business."

"Huh?" he said.  "I don't know what you're talking about."

I added some pressure.  "I need some uniforms.  Police
uniforms.  On the hush-hush.  My sources say you're the man
to talk to."

"Your sources are wrong," he lied.

"Is that so?  So you're not providing galaxy police
impersonators to the syndic so you can finance your illegal
narcotics business?  Then what about this!"  I slapped a
copy of one of the pictures, the evidence, on his desk.  
"You double-crossed Jiro Shaoran, but his brother threatened 
to go to the police if you didn't turn yourself in, so you 
had him killed.  Here's *your* men in my casino on the night
Toshiro was murdered."  Another picture.  "You're going to
jail, Mr. Kiteyo!"

He rolled his eyes.  Why do people always do that around me?

"You're a looney," he said.

He touched a button on his desk and a moment later the door
behind me opened.  I turned to look.  His man Hattori
entered, carrying a gun.

"I'm sorrier to kill you than the blackmailer," Kiteyo said.
I looked back and he was pointing a gun at me too.  "You're
a beautiful woman, but you're dangerous."

I jumped across the desk at Kiteyo, surprising him.
*PVZZT!* went the gun, but he missed.  I pulled Kiteyo
around when he shot at me again so he killed his man Hattori
instead.

I disarmed Kiteyo and subdued him.

"Get me the galaxy police," I told the phone.  They said
they'd send someone right over.

"Like I said, Mr. Kiteyo," I said, taking his gun, "you're
going to jail."

After a while, two galaxy police detectives were shown into
the room.

No, no, no, I thought.  I called the real galaxy police.  I
know I did.  This was impossible.

I's seen the two galaxy policemen who entered the office
already.  I had pictures of them.  Killing Jiro Shaoran.
They were real police officers.  I cried.  I still cried,
then.  I don't cry any more.

They tried to kill me.

They shot at me and I shielded myself with the only thing I
could reach.  Then I threw Mr. Kiteyo's corpse at them and
started shooting wildly.  The police ducked.  I grabbed the
desk chair and swung it back, smashing a lamp to the ground
behind me.  I threw the chair through a window and jumped
after it.

Even on a space station, a three story drop could hurt me
bad.  On my way down through the trees I clutched out in
panic.  I caught something.  I clambered the rest of the
way down and fled the Lily.

I found a phone booth.

"How did you get the number of my portable, Mihoshi?" Ryoko
demanded when I brought her image to the screen.

"The world isn't nice any more," I wept.

"So you finally caught up to reality, did you Mihoshi?"

"Stop laughing at me!" I said.  "They're trying to kill me!"

"Who isn't?  Ok, ok, who's trying to kill you?"

"The galaxy police," I said.  "I haven't done anything
illegal.  I caught some of them taking money from the syndic
and killing people and I can't call anyone.  But you."

"That made sense.  You *must* be scared," Ryoko said.
"Mihoshi, listen.  You can trust Kiyone.  Remember that.
You can always trust Kiyone."

Ryoko gave me Kiyone's number and hung up.  I called Kiyone.

"Everything's changed," I said to her.

I did it.  If only I had let Toshiro Shaoran stay a
terrorist, the world would be nice.  The galaxy police -- my
life, my youth, family, dream, love, and sacrifice -- would
not be dishonest and corrupt.  I took that from them.  I was
the worst thief who ever lived.

I wish everything was the way it was.  I wish it wasn't
true.  I wish everything was still ok.

Sometimes I think I'm silly.  The world was always a bad
place.  I didn't change anything important.  After all, it
was years before the change when I knew Tenchi and he never
loved me.

I wish it wasn't so.

			#

I let Mihoshi's diary drop to her bed.

I hadn't meant to intrude.  I'd walked into her room looking
for her and saw a cute little flat pad.  "Oh, neat," I
thought.  "Electronic toy."

That was always my way, a habit I learned from someone.

I picked up the pad, didn't know what I was looking at until
I'd started reading, and by then, I couldn't stop.

That is what I read.  When I dropped the diary, I felt like
nothing was the same anymore.

---------
Don't expect quick continuation of this series.  Life is
very very bad.  I wrote this chapter last Autumn but didn't
feel like uploading it until now.  I started chapter 11 in
January.  So far I've typed the title.  Very very very bad.

The names of Tenchi, Washu, Aeka, Sasami, Ryoko, Mihoshi,
and Kiyone are copyrighted and probably trademarked by AIC
& Pioneer LDC.  I don't claim any ownership over them.
Beyond the names, this story has just about nothing to do
with the series.  I hope you don't feel cheated.

Completely unrelated stuff, such as my comic, "Kevorkian 
Won't Return My Calls," can be found at my website.
http://eaerth.isfuckingbrilliant.com/ is the redirect.

The email address on this post has been spam harvested and
at least one of the spammers has the Klez virus, so I'm
getting that mailed to me too.  If you send anything there, 
there's a good chance I won't even notice it when I check 
email (once every couple months).

If you have any comments or questions or anything, check the
website.  I used to put my real email address here at the
bottom, but the website redirector has lasted two years, 
which is longer than any email service I've signed up with 
has lasted.  Sorry for the extra step, but if you'd tried 
to send a message to the address at the bottom of a series 
one chapter and gotten a bounce, you'd understand why.