Time Enough for Tenchi, part 3: Time Enough for Lullabies
by Eaerth

I felt myself dumped on a floor somewhere.  Then I started
being sick.

"Oh, yuck, he's throwing up," a voice said.

"Help me, he'll choke," a second voice said.

I felt myself being turned on my side, where I curled up and
puked on myself.  Something in my belly or my chest tried to
tear me apart.

"This happened to my husband sometimes..." the second voice
said.

"I'll get something to clean up."

I faded into unconsciousness again.

				#

I felt the chill of ice on my face.  Someone was picking
long slivers of glass out of my flesh with a worried hum.  I
moaned in pain.

"Is he going to be all right?" someone asked.

"I don't know," the person holding me said.

				#

I dreamed a dream I had dreamed when I was a young man,
still living in Japan.

I was lying in bed listening to the singing sound of the
afternoon sun bleeding through heavy drapes, when Washu
stepped through the walls into my room.

"Tenchi," she said.

Washu looked unhappy.  I had the sense that she had climbed
almost a million steps up the brass horn of Hell, following
her Orpheus.  Orpheus stood with the gate open, turned away
as he must be, waiting for her to catch up.  A shining angel
with a sword of fire towered over him, preparing to strike
him down for his trespass.  She knew she had to call out,
and cause him to turn.

I don't think I'd ever seen Washu unhappy before.

Other than the day she left me.

"I love you, Tenchi," she said.  As her hand touched my
face, she faded away.

				#

I cried out with the agony only possible in the unwaking
world.

"Shhh," someone said.  A hand rested on my forehead.

				#

Half asleep and in dream, I heard mother singing to me.  It
was a lullaby she would sing when I was a child, long long
long ago.

"...didn't know that I'd hurt you, hope you realize how much
I need you here with me now..."

I dreamed again I was in Japan, living with father and
grandfather.  I came home from school and dumped my books on
the dining room table and then sat down to study.

An arm came from behind me and wrapped around my neck. 
"Aaaaaah!" I yelled in startlement.

"Hi Tenchi, how was school," Ryoko said before sticking her
tongue in my ear.

I froze, terrified.  "S-stop it, Ryoko," I said.  "I'm going
to choke."  But I liked her arm around me.

"Come on, honey," she said, dropping into my lap.  "I bet it
was a *hard* day at school.  I'll help you relax.  It'll be
fun."  She licked my throat.  Bluegreen hair tickled my
nose.  I grit my teeth in fear and my nose bled.

I didn't know what I was afraid of.  I'd known Ryoko for
almost a year and I knew she would never harm me, no matter
how vicious she could be at times.  She had other targets
for her aggression.

"Please, Ryoko," I said, pushing her away, "you're moving
too faaaaaAAAA!"

The other target I mentioned grabbed me by the hair and
tried to pull me away.  "Leave him alone, you whore," Aeka
said, pulling.

"Hey, don't call her--" I started to say before they began
trying to tear me apart.  Neither pulled hard enough to
injure me.  Aeka was too delicate and Ryoko was more
squishing me than anything else.  The two were just using me
as a focus for their arguing.  In fact, having two women
wrapped around me felt quite pleasant.

I cried with the pain, but they were too busy to notice.

Somewhere I could hear someone singing.

It was about a month or two before my twentieth birthday and
I had been trying to read a book in our living room.  Ryoko
was howling with laughter at Aeka.

"How dare you touch me, you pervert?" Aeka shouted.  She
raised her sharp nose haughtily.

"Relax, Aeka," Ryoko said smoothly, "it was just a little
pat.  Hey, how about a nice tongue kiss?  Tenchi's
watching."

"You disgusting whore!"  Some device of Aeka's threw a
thousand volts against the older woman's energy shields.

Mihoshi wandered by the living room, singing a silly song. 
She paused by the door, still in her own world. "I was much
further out then you thought and not waving but drowning,"
she sang happily.

"Come on, princess," Ryoko taunted.  "Do it for Tenchi.  Men
can't resist girls making out.  Take one for the team.  I
promise not to feel you up."  She cackled.

"OOOOOH, Tenchi is not a pervert like you!  He's a good pure
man who will be Emperor one day.  Why would he wallow in the
mud with you?"

"You're probably right," Ryoko said darkly.  "But what makes
you think Tenchi would be attracted to a nasty, evil,
meanspirited bitch like you?  What do you have to offer? 
You couldn't love him, he's not *perfect* enough for you. 
And he could never love you."

"Don't say that Ryoko, you know that's not true," I tried to
say, but my voice was unheard in the spectacular devastation
they unleashed.  When the smoke cleared, half the living
room was in shards.  The two women were untouched, however.

"La la la la," Mihoshi sang, "still the dead one lay moa...
ning... heyy, that was really terrible.  Ryoko, Aeka, you're
not even trying."

"*STAY OUT OF IT!*" they shouted at her in unison.

"Ok, ok, sorreee.  I'll just go over here and watch, um. 
Uh."

I stood up from behind the couch.  "Please, Ryoko and Aeka,
sit down, we can't--"

"Tenchi loves me," Aeka said.  "I'll never let you get in
the way of him and me.  You should quit now and save
yourself the trouble."

Then the real commotion started up.  I sat down, moaning,
with my head in my hands.

I noticed the fighting had died.  I looked up from my hands. 
Ryoko was looking at me.  She sighed and faded through the
floor.

Aeka smashed a glass figurine on the floor where Ryoko
disappeared and sulked off to her room.

I'm sorry, Aeka and Ryoko.

"Now I am turning out the light, got to say goodnight,"
someone sang.

				#

"Just when I think I'm winning, when I've broken every door,
the ghosts of my life blow wilder than before."

I shook with fever as I dreamed there.  Nightmares
surrounded me in the darkness like prison guards.

I sat down at the kitchen counter.  An arm came over my
shoulder from behind.  "You're late," someone said in my
ear.

"Yeah, I know," I said, pulling Minami around in front of me
and kissing her.  "Start-up life, you know.  They're all
insane there."

"You could move to the city," she said.

"No, I like it here."

"Me too," she said.  She separated herself from me and sat
down across the counter.  I looked at Minami.  She was so
pretty.  Her hair was cut in a modified pageboy, and long
locks of starless sky and straight lines framed a delicate
face, cute nose, and large eyes, and touched a proud neck. 
We sat in the kitchen of her expensive flat in town.  She
had been my girlfriend for almost three months.

She smiled.

"I was thinking, today," she said.  "I think I might go away
for a few weeks.  On a vacation to somewhere sunny."

My heart beat once so hard I was sure Minami could hear it. 
"*No,*" I whispered.

"What was that, Tenchi?"

"Why don't we get married?" I asked.

She thought for a minute.  "Ok," she said, "why not?  It'll
be fun."

I went to hug her.

Minami shook my hand.  Her lawyer stood at her shoulder. 
"Goodbye, Tenchi," she said.

I listened to the chill of space ringing through armor and
albedo shielding.  Ryoko lay barely moving, dying.  Blood
seeped at the corners of her mouth.  Internal bleeding.

She had flown into space, in her ship Ryo-Okhi, to die
alone.  She had been mortally wounded helping to save
Princess Aeka.  Who would have supposed she would be a hero? 
Certainly not her.  But she would do anything for Tenchi.

For me.

The boy wasn't my kind, she thought as she lay moaning.  I
could never have been his wife, and I could not live
knowing.

But you know, she thought about dying, I'm glad.  It was
always too cold around him, the only sense I had.

Oh no, I would live if I could, still she thought as she lay
moaning.  I would follow him unloved until the end of the
last day, but no, I could not live knowing.

She whispered one word unheard before her eyes closed.

There was a slight shudder as docking clamps latched onto
Ryo-Okhi.  A man in a space suit boarded the ship.  The logo
on his suit read "Mars Expeditionary Force."  He was far
from home.

Ryoko opened her eyes.  "Who are you?" she rasped.

"I represent certain powers that do not want you dead."  He
kneeled and placed dark crystals on her wrists, feet, chest,
and face.  When he stood, the glass cocoon had already begun
growing over her body.  "This will heal you, in time.  If
you find yourself in danger again, use this ident chip.  We
will help you however we can."

Everything went dark for Ryoko.

"It's a trap!" a voice cried out in the darkness..

We hit our flashlights.  We were surrounded by NATO troops
in Achilles suits, coming around every crate and out of
every corner of the landing bay.  Bullets like electric
insects filled the air with panic and screaming.

"Return fire, dammit," shouted Rosman.

Lullabies of dying in the night.

---------
The names of Tenchi, Washu, Aeka, Sasami, Ryoko, Mihoshi,
and Kiyone are copyrighted and probably trademarked by AIC
& Pioneer LDC.  I don't claim any ownership over them.
Beyond the names, this story has just about nothing to do
with the series.  I hope you don't feel cheated.

Completely unrelated stuff, such as my comic, "Kevorkian 
Won't Return My Calls," can be found at my website.
http://eaerth.isfuckingbrilliant.com/ is the redirect.

The email address on this post has been spam harvested and
at least one of the spammers has the Klez virus, so I'm
getting that mailed to me too.  If you send anything there, 
there's a good chance I won't even notice it when I check 
email (once every couple months).

If you have any comments or questions or anything, check the
website.  I used to put my real email address here at the
bottom, but the website redirector has lasted two years, 
which is longer than any email service I've signed up with 
has lasted.  Sorry for the extra step, but if you'd tried 
to send a message to the old address at the bottom of this
chapter and gotten a bounce, you'd understand why.
