  Chapter 1; Doctor Splack
  Far out in space in a dark corner of the universe, on the planet Thog there 
was a large group of buildings. These buildings were the labs of Splack, a 
genius, which was thrown from the universal academy, like Washu was. Like Washu, 
Splack had a fascination in the light hawk wings. However, his is because he 
wanted to take over the universe with them. The sun of Thog roes and shines upon 
Dr. Splack's baldhead. His wrinkles seemed to be holding him together. Heaven 
was calling this man and he knew his time was short, but his eye still was 
shining as if he was a young boy. His family was gone and he was the last of his 
long line. However he had created a girl with the masses.
  " Today is the day Zleg. Today I try my plan. Project Black Falcon is now 
under way."
  "I wish you luck on your venture. I shall prepare your breakfast."
  "You need not trouble. Prepare instead my ship for travel."
  "Sir?"
  "Well did you think that I could handle that much energy? Now, now, you should 
know my ways better then that. I always get some other poor, stupid, clod to do 
what I cannot. In this case the clod is Space warrior named Yur."
  Zleg, a beautiful woman with green hair done up in a bun. She was a middle-
sized woman she was the girl that he had created 26 years ago. She was beautiful 
now, with her five foot seven inch body and her fabulous brain. Her sad aqua 
eyes looks down.
  "Sir, y-you do know that you could die. You are my maker and now... I-I don't 
know what to do."
  "Yes, I was coming to that. I am 50,000 years old my life isn't precious 
anymore. If I die by the sword or by the hand of nature, I am glad that before I 
died I have figured out the secret of secrets. Now I see that I will never be 
able to relies my dream created in anger of taking over the universe. I will die 
on this trip, after it is over. You must choose what you do by what your heart 
tells you. Now I must go."
  After he departed, Zleg sunk to the ground with tears in her eyes and cried 
quietly. Splack was a slow man. As he stood in the hyper lift as he thought to 
himself how much he loved his daughter. 
  "I love Zleg, It's to bad that I will not be able to see her again after next 
time. She was a lovely child. I will miss you child."
  Once in the ship Dr. Splack locked co-ordinates for Yur's hide out and blasted 
off. 

  Chapter 2; Power

  "What's in it for me, Doc"
  "Yur, I was heard that you want to take the universe."
  "I do. So,"
  "I can give you the power to do what want."
  "Oh really? Well old man, I'm listing. I could use a laugh."
  "Have you heard out of the lite hawk wings? The power controlled Jurai ships? 
Yes, well I have devised a chamber that can contain Tsunami, the ship of Jurai. 
What's more I know where Tsunami is, it is on a small blue planet in the 
vicinity of Jurai, named Earth."
  " Ya, and what of it?"
  " You how strong Tsunami is how would you like that kind of power? What would 
you say to that?"
  "I would say what's in it for you."
  "For me I can see the plan that I have worked on for 30,000 years put into 
action. So what do you say?"
  "If you can do all you say you can then I'll do it!"
  "Excellent. Now come we haven't a moment to spare."
  "What's the rush?"
  "I am 50,000 years old and Have but three weeks to live"
  As the ship blasted away from Yur's hide out Splack smiles a weak smile. "We 
shall now put him to the test and see if he is as strong as he is said to be."
  Back on Thog Dr. Splack strapped Yur to a table.
  " This is going to hurt you a lot because of the energy transfer, however the 
final product will be worth the pain."
  Splack walked slowly to the control panel, typing he started the Black Falcon 
Wing sequence. The panel lit up as he typed and a giant laser canon focused on 
Yur. All light on the planet went green and Yur's screaming was heard. Splack's 
goggles shown as he yelled out over the roar over the engine of the ray.
  "HOLD ON WITH ALL YOUR ENERGY! DON'T FIGHT THE POWER! JUST HOLD ON!"
  In ten seconds it was over. Yur's smoking body lied still on the table. Yur 
was unconscious. Soon however he woke up. He looked around him and a sinister 
grin spread across his mouth. He leapt from the table and yelled, "OH YA, I CAN 
FEEL MY POWER. AND IT FEELS REAL GOOD!"
  Then having tired himself collapsed on the floor. Zleg came in.
  "Sir, was the experiment a success? Did he live?"
  "Oh yes the experiment was a success, but he will not do, he is to blinded by 
the power I gave him. He shall be beaten."
  " I will watch him and tell you when he comes around."
  "Thank you I must rest."
  Chapter 3; Sasami's dream
  "No, don't! Help! AAAAH!"
  Sasami sat up awake now but still sweating from her dream.
  "What's the matter Sasami?"
  "Oh Ayeka! I had a terrible dream! I dreamed that I could not move and the 
there was a battle near were I was and I could not see or hear it. There was 
this thin old man with a baldhead and a figure with black light hawk wings."
  Sasami started to cry, and Ayeka tried to console her.
  "It's alright Sasami, it was only a dream."
  Ryoko came through the wall halfway and looked around and the looked at Ayeka 
and Sasami.
  "I heard so loud noises what's up?"
  "Sasami had a bad dream"
  "Oh"
  Ryoko left and Ayeka stared at the place were Ryoko was.
  "Really! That woman has no compassion at all!"
  The next morning as Tenchi and the gang sat around the table for breakfast 
Sasami told about her dream.
  "It sounds scary."
  "It was Tenchi. What was the worst part was that I couldn't do anything to 
help."
  Washu was in deep thought and with a look of concentration on her face. 
Mihoshi sitting next to her looked at her perplexed.
  "What's the matter Washu? Do you have a head ache?"
  "No, I don't but... Sasami in your dream did you get a good look at the 
baldheaded man?"
  "Yes, I did he seems rather nice but he was very frail."
  "I really don't find that amazing at all, but did you get a good look at his 
face?"
  "For a second I did."
  "Good, after you wash the dishes see me. I'll be in my lab."
  Sasami cleaned up and went to Washu's lab. Washu was typing on her computer. 
She did not turn around from her work but said quietly.
  "Come here Sasami. Is this the guy in your dream?"
  She showed Sasami a picture on her computer of Dr. Splack.
  "Yes."
  "Hmm- Yes, Dr. Vincent Splack; An amazing scientist from the university. 
However he was kicked out the day I was born so our paths never crossed. I have 
heard though, that he was kicked out for his curiosity in weaponry. When he was 
kicked out he swore that he would close the academy. The superiors told him that 
he was a na "No!"
  "Yes. He's coming and I can prove it. See the screen, that little green dot 
that's coming towards earth? That's his ship. What he wants I can't say, but 
he's coming and quickly."
  "I'll tell the others."
  After Sasami delivered her message to the household Tenchi and the gang were 
sitting around the table again.
  "What are we going to do Washu?"
  "Well were all going to have to train we about a week before they arrive. Also 
I think that you should under the circumstances give Ryoko the other two of the 
jems from the sword."
  "Why?"
  "Because without them she is weak."
  "WHAT DID JUST SAY?! I'M NOT WEAK!" 
  "I see you've forgotten what it was like with three jems. The one you have now 
is your weakest the other two will make you more powerful by thirty fold."
  "Ya well..."
  "Also with them you can't produce the light hawk wings."
  " I can't produce the light hawk wing even with all three jems."
  "Yes you can, and can I."
  With these words Washu gathered her power and generated the light hawk wings.
  "See that, if I can you can too."
  That day the gang trained. Mihoshi practiced her shooting; Washu and Ryoko 
fight each other with light hawk wings, Tenchi, Ayeka, and Sasami train with 
Yosho and practiced sword routines. While Tenchi and Ayeka were resting from 
their training Sasami went out with her sword to practice against Yosho.
  "Are you ready, Sasami?"
  "Yes."
  "Good. AAAAAH!"
    Yosho charged and attacks Sasami dodged his strikes. Suddenly the mark on 
her forehead lit up and she unleashed her energy in the form of all ten of the 
light hawk wings that sent Yosho fling backwards. He did a back summersault and 
landed on his feet and looked back at Sasami who still had the light hawk wings 
out.
  "I sorry. I didn't mean to. It was Tsunami she showed up in my head and 
produced the wings."
  " I am glad that you have that much energy."
  Sasami dropped the wings and stood quietly.
  Chapter 4; Tsunami's capture
  On the last day of the week Dr. Splack's ship appeared in Earth's atmosphere. 
Night fell on the Masaki home. Everyone is asleep. A pod is jettisoned from 
Splack's ship. It is Yur and he had a gun that would admit a high frequency 
force field and capture Tsunami and will transfer her to the ship where she 
would be kept by a containment chamber. Yur appeared in Sasami and Ayeka's 
bedroom. Sasami was asleep and Ayeka is not there. Yur pointed the gun towards 
Sasami. Suddenly a magical force field appeared around Yur and Azka and Camidaki 
materialize on either side of Yur. Ayeka was in the hall, but she had commanded 
the two to guard Sasami. Ayeka came through the door into the room. She was in 
battle armor.
  "I think you'll find that it isn't so easy to hurt my sister."
  "Ya? And who are you, huh?"
  "I am Ayeka the crowned princess of Jurai's Royal family. And that girl is 
Sasami and she is my sister so you won't harm her."
  "Sasami, eh, well that's strange the reading says she Tsunami. What do you say 
to that Doll? The computer don't lie."
  Ayeka shocked him through her guardians.
  "Your impotence will not be tolerated. As for the computer, Tsunami and Sasami 
are assimilated. They are the same."
  "Oh good. I'll take her with then."
  With that Yur produced the Black falcon wings and blasted Azaka and Camidaki 
from his sides and Ayeka clean across the room. As Sasami woke up she was 
enveloped by the bubble and being transported.
  "Help! Ayeka!"
  Ayeka was unconscious and did not hear her cries.
  With that they vanish. Tenchi and everyone came running in. Washu looked at 
the wound and stood up again.
  "She was hit with a high density energy wave. She broke some ribs when she hit 
the wall. I think she was lucky she was wearing battle armor. If she weren't, 
her spine would be shot. As is she only needs a week of bed rest."
  Ayeka's eyes opened
  "What happened?"
  Tenchi was bending over her now, and she answered in a whisper. 
  "He took Sasami"
  Mihoshi ran up to Tenchi.
  "We've just got to get Sasami back! Who will cook for us if we don't?"
  On Splack's ship Sasami was crying when a thin figure came up and stands out 
side of the field. He is an old man, with a baldhead, and tons of wrinkles.
  "I am sorry that I must keep you in there. But if you are fused with Tsunami 
then you pose a great threat to me and my work."
    "I just want to go home."
  "I know you do and I am truly sorry that I cannot comply with that wish. You 
know what though you remind me of a creation of mine when she was younger, Zleg. 
Your hairs are different colors but you do look alike. I then I may have a 
picture of her here. There you are see the likeness?"
  Meanwhile Ryo-Ohki sped toward the ship. Ryoko, now with three gems, was 
steering.
  "Isn't it strange Tenchi?"
  "Huh?"
  "That we are traveling to fight someone that we never met. I mean how do they 
find us?"
  Ryoko looked at the ship before them.
  "You know what's even weirder? They aren't firing at us it's kind of like they 
want us to come and fight them."
  "More likely they don't have weaponry." 
  "What do mean Washu?"
  "Well Tenchi I think that he doesn't want to fight."
  When they arrived, they were greeted with silence, an eerie silence, and the 
kind of silence that is like a graveyard. Washu, Ryoko and Tenchi all generate 
the light hawk wings. When they made it to the main hall Yur was there. Yur was 
a tall man with tiny eyes, and a long black beard. He was dressed entirely in 
black, black gloves, black pants, black shirt, black cape, and black boots. By 
the time they had come in he was standing with his arms crossed. He generated 
his black falcon wings.
  "So you finally showed up. Well now's my chance to test my real power. 
AAAAAAAAAAH!"
  Meanwhile on Earth...
  "Ayeka I'm sorry. I didn't mean to spill the tea on you!"
  "AAARG! Why did have to be stuck with YOU!"
  "Now Ayeka calm down. You know that your wounded from Yur's visit. And Because 
Washu went off I have to take care of you."
  "Mihoshi, I'm fine."
  Ayeka stood to leave a look of pain flashes across her face and she fell back 
to the couch.
  "There now, Washu said for you to stay where you were. Now hold still and I'll 
give you your medication."
  "It's not fair I want to be by Tenchi."
  Chapter 5; The Fight Scene
  Washu went fling backwards with a cut across her face streaming blood. She 
looked up in rage.
  "I'll get him! AAAAAH!"
    Running into the fight with the light hawk sword out. Ryoko and Tenchi were 
fighting hard but Yur parried their attacks easily. Tenchi rushed forward.
  "HE'S MINE!! AAAAAAH!"
  With an attack that is so quick that no one can see it he slash and cut Yur's 
face and sent him fling across the room. However he rebounded and did the same 
to Tenchi. He lay on the ground and didn't move, Ryoko flew to him.
  "Tenchi? TENCHI! NO TENCHI DON'T DIE! DON'T DIE! TENCHI!"
  With these words she cried and does not notice when he un-steadily got to his 
feet. She was still holding him, perhaps a little to hard. His eyes popped open 
with pain. 
  "Uh. Ryoko I'm alright."
  She looked at him and then got to her feet but did not move. Her face was set 
and a look of determining firmness.
  "Tenchi I just need to tell you that I love you. Tenchi I love you more then I 
can say words. Can't express my feelings.
  With that she leaned forward and kissed him on the lips and stayed there for 
many seconds. When she came away Tenchi stood with his eyes bugging out.
  "Well... I... Uh...I ... um"
  "You think that I'm bold but I thought I lost you. Now you know how I feel."
  While all this is happening Washu was still fighting with Yur. He broke free 
from her and sent a blast At Tenchi and Ryoko. The energy was enormous. Yur was 
a cheap fighter who had taken advantage of their special moment. A crack 
appeared behind Tenchi and Ryoko and it opened. Though they both fought it the 
crack was like a black hole and Tenchi got sucked backwards toward it. Finally 
he was sucked in and the crack closed. Ryoko who had stared at the crack and now 
turned slowly to Yur as a tear ran down her cheek. Then her eyes set into a look 
of rage. Her eyes went red and her gems light up. Although she already has 
produced the light hawk wings her power still rises. Suddenly all of the light 
hawk wings flickered before her and she made three more wings that did not join 
the others. As the light hawk sword generates, however there were three gems on 
the hilt of the sword. Ryoko gripped it and the gems lit up just like Ryoko's. 
Ryoko's power continued to grow and unable to control all the energy and her 
energy flowed out and looked like a white flame around her. The jems on the 
sword now absorbing from Ryoko's gems and now where glowing and now were the 
light of chill flame. The gems power continued to grow.
  "You killed Tenchi and for that YOU'LL PAY!"
  For a second all light went green. After it was over Ryoko's position had not 
changed except the sword. Before the blast she had been in a position was with 
the sword behind her leaning forward. Now she was holding the sword was in front 
of her. He stepped a few steps back looking surprised as a slash shone in light 
across him. His black falcon wings disappeared and he instantly incinerated. 
Washu sitting down now stared at her daughter who was still breathing heavily. 
This was because she was still crying with rage and sadness. The cut on her face 
that had been bleeding now was a scar and the right side of her face was black 
from the new scar across her face. Ryoko tired out collapses and lays still. Now 
and energy ball came down and to figures appeared. One was Sasami and other a 
thin old man with a baldhead. Sasami ran up to Washu with tears of joy running 
down her cheeks.
  "I thought there were three of you." Proposed Dr. Splack
  "There were."
  Sasami looked around and then understanding began to cry again but out of 
sorrow this time.
  "I see that your daughter is wounded this should help."
  Dr. Splack gave Washu a syringe with a green liquid. Washu injected it into 
Ryoko. Instantly she looked up and spies Dr. Splack.
  "Who are you?"
  "I am Splack. Dr. Vincent Splack."
  "Splack? So you're the one that created the black falcon wings."
  "I am."
  Ryoko's energy sword appeared next to Splack's head. Unconcerned he looked at 
Ryoko with his bright pail eyes. 
  "If you want to I will not and cannot stop you. After all, I shall die I soon 
anyway"
  Ryoko dropped her sword and looked away disgusted. Splack continued to stare 
at her. 
  "I'm sorry that Tenchi is gone. I know how you feel about him."
  "HOW DO YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL!?"
  "Do you see this?"
  Dr. Splack pointed above him, there was an insect hovering over him. 
  "That is a mosquito probe. A mechanical insect that can observe without being 
observed and even take blood and DNA samples. However I have lost several to you 
and the people in your house. You swat them thinking they are insects."
  Dr. Splack turned and started to walk away. As he passed Washu and turned.
  "I must ask two things. The first is what is to destroy all files that you 
don't want and the second is that on Thog there is my creation. Her name is 
Zleg. She is 26, has green hair and needs guidance. Help her. I ask you to help 
her because as I'm sure you also do, I love her. Not just as my creation but as 
my daughter as well. Can I trust you do this"
  Washu looked into his pail eyes and wrinkled face.
  "Yes, I will do this for you but, where are you going?"
  "I am going to my space pod and will blast off and when I am far enough away 
the pod will self-destruct."
  He left slowly. When he left Ryoko looked at Washu.
  "Now what?"
  "I don't care what you do but all I want to do is go to earth on Ryo-Ohki and 
tell the others what happened. What are you going to do?"
  "With Tenchi dead..."
  Ryoko started to cry again.
  "I-I just doing know...(sniff) what I'll do."
  "You can come with me."
  She considered her offer and wiped the tears from her eyes and with a final 
sniff told Washu that the battle had been won, for now.
  "Alright."
  Washu moved to the hyper bubble. Once at the controls she began to type Sasami 
was teleported to Earth where she would tell the others. She then sets the co-
ordinance for Thog. The engines roared and they blasted off.
  Chapter 6; Zleg Meets the Little Genius
  "Well there's Thog and there's the lab."
  "Great where's the landing site."
  Washu and Ryoko entered the lab. Instruments for light hawk knowledge 
instantly surrounded them. Washu looked around her face alight with joy. Looking 
at the control panels, computers and lights like a child in a toy factory. She 
ran to and fro with a huge crazed smile on her face.
  "You know Washu. We'll cover more ground if we spilt up."
  Washu typing on a computer did not even look up.
  "Yeah, Yeah, Whatever."
  Washu rushing from room to room came on a small room toward the back of the 
lab in a corner. With her back to the door with green hair done up in a bun was 
a girl dressed in a pinkish jacket and yellow-green skirt. Something in her back 
told her that this girl was either crying or about to cry. Suddenly the girl 
looked around with tears running down her cheeks and a surprised look on her 
face.
  "Who are you? What do you want?"
  "I am Washu and..."
  "Washu? Professor Washu- Chan Haqubi?"
  "Well yes but,"
  "I've heard of you. My master told me about you. My name is Zleg Yursami. Were 
you sent by my master?"
  "Yeah. I was."
  "I-I need to ask you something. Is-is my master..."
  Washu nodded silently.
  "O-oh I-I see. I-I..."
  She turned her head back and down and her hair down in her face, she started 
to cry again. Washu came over and tried to comfort her. After a while Zleg 
looked up at Washu and said, 
  "Miss Washu? May I ask you something?"
  "Hmm?"
  "What... what is going to happen to me now? I... I know that my master told me 
to do as my heart said, but I don't know what I want do. The only thing I know 
is that I miss my master more then anything. Oh and one more thing that I am 
sure of I...I will use no other home. This lab is my masters and I myself will 
keep it as clean and sanitary as has and always been. I feel it's my duty to 
master."
  "Zleg, you do not have to be sad for your master. He died by his choice, and 
without fear. He told me to tell you he loved you and will miss you. But you do 
not have to be on your own yet. I will be here for you for a while at least. I'm 
staying alright?"
  Zleg nodded silently.
  "I must go tell Ryoko."
  Washu walked out trying to find Ryoko. As she got outside just in time to see 
Splack's ship blast off.
  "Ryoko! Where are you going?! Come back I haven't told you what I'm going to 
do for you!"
  "With Tenchi dead I don't know and I don't care!" came the response through 
telepathy.
  Washu walked slowly in Zleg met her at the door.
  "Well?"
  "She's gone. I never got to tell her what I was going to do for her. I was 
going to make a second Ryoko but with Tenchi's genes as well, but now I guess 
I'll have to cut the project because I can't handle a kid now."
  Zleg looked down and blushed.
  "You don't have to cancel the project Miss Washu."
  Washu looks at her with a questioning look in her eye. Zleg look down and 
blushed again.
  "I-I could..."
  "I could not ask you to do that for me. We just met I couldn't ask you to love 
a child with..."
  "I want to Miss Washu. My master was and always will be the only man I will 
every love. And I will not marry, every."
  "Never is a long time. You're a very lovely young lady and who knows you might 
meet someone you love. Getting back to the point."
  She looked at her with a look of quizzical amusement.  
  "You'll watch it, care for it, and even love it? Care for it's wounds and whip 
it tears?"
  "Yes"
  "Alright then lets get started."
  Chapter 7; Alternate Universe Unknown to anyone not even Washu, Tenchi lived 
on in an alternate universe. As soon as Yur blasted Tenchi he sent him to 
another universe. An alternate universe where everything is opposite. Tenchi 
came out the other end. Suddenly he was in the Masaki household. He looked 
around surprised. He was in his school uniform.
  "Welcome home Tenchi!"
  He knew that sound. He looked around and his eyes opened wide he was un-used 
to seeing this site. Ayeka and Ryoko were standing next to each other, but Ayeka 
was wearing Ryoko's space pirate suit the one that she always wear's. Ryoko is 
wearing Ayeka's robe. Everything else is the same as usual before he could say 
anything he was frozen with a weird look on his face because Ayeka had just 
teleported and had thrown her arms around his neck.
  "Come on Tenchi, give me a kiss." 
  Ayeka was hovering in the air like Ryoko does. Suddenly she was hit with a 
hairbrush, and Ryoko was standing defiant.
  "You leave lord Tenchi alone! You, you hussy!"
  "HUSSY! LOOK WHO"S TALKING MISS PRISS!"
  "And yelling like that is rude!"
  "What's your problem princess!? You... Tenchi what's the matter?"
  With these words Tenchi had passed out from confusion. When he awoke he was in 
Washu's lab and sat up and looks around. He sees Mihoshi typing at the computer. 
Before he could say anything Mihoshi looked around and sees him sitting up.
  "Oh good, you're awake. Well that's great because I can't experiment on you 
when you out cold."
  In a couple seconds Tenchi was attached to a device that tests his 
possibilities.
  " I'm going to simulate an attack and see how you fare."
  "Huh!? WHAT!?"
  The machine shocked him and he un-voluntarily produces the light hawk wings.
  "Oh, interesting. I didn't think that you could produce the light hawk wings 
unless you were in battle armor."
  "Oh Miss Mihoshi... Oh, hello Tenchi."
  "Yea, what is it Washu? Washu! How get in here again?!"
  "Um, I well I used the door."
  "Yea, I thought it was something like that."
  The door opened and they hear, "Tenchi, Washu, Mihoshi dinners ready."
  Tenchi realized the golden tones and turned to see Tsunami standing there 
wearing Sasami's apron smiling. At dinner Tenchi finally figured it out. It all 
made sense after Ayeka started acting like Ryoko. When Washu was called to make 
her report to the galaxy police and when Tsunami washed the dishes.
  "Of coarse it all makes sense now everything is backwards."
  Mean while in the other universe...
  Chapter 8; A Space Pirate is Reborn
  "So anyway, Ryoko and were I was watching the planet of the apes and I..."
  "BUZZ OFF CARL!"
  The clocks hands reached five and Ryoko stood to leave. The office was an 
insurance building, as she left she sighed. Carl, one of Ryoko's co-workers, 
meant well but his high-pitched voice was very annoying. The job was a good one. 
It paid well. She was lucky to have got it because jobs in Zlephiod 1 went 
quickly. She got an apartment in central city that she shared with a roommate. 
She got back to the rented apartment she was sharing and found that her roommate 
was already home. Her roommate was a middle-sized woman with red hair cut short 
and a New York accent, she a native Zlephidian all right, she was not only 
comfortable but also dependent on the city. She worked in the biodome, the 
largest zoo in the universe. Namordia was a planet that was quickly developing 
into city. The scientists of the planet made the dome to reestablish the plants 
and animals of ancient Namordia. Zlephoid1 was known for three legends. The 
first was the bio-dome, the second was city itself. It is the largest  city in 
the universe. It was so huge that the island that is was built on in 50 B.A. 
(Before Asona. Asona, the planet's moon, was named after the queen of Namordia. 
Asona came into Namordia's atmosphere 461 years ago.) The third was the space 
needle. It was created in 230 A.A. And it was a true space needle it stuck up 
and dented the atmosphere and was the tallest building in the universe.
  "Hey Ryoko, guess what. I saw the queen today. She came to the bio-dome, to 
see the Rocton."
  James Rocton was the curator of the Bio-dome. He was snooty wiry man with a 
really repulsive mustache.
  Queen Asona was very seen in public because she was always evolved in 
politics. Though she had been seen many times in photographs and on the news. 
She looked like a beautiful young woman, pail and thin. Her figure was delicate 
but resolute. Brown hair hung down from her face in two stalks. Her blue eyes 
were piercing in all the pictures she had been seen in.  
  "I'm going to bed. I'm bushed, the new splicing research is a hard field and 
it takes a lot out of you. Of coarse, Rocton doesn't make my job easier. If 
you're going to watch TV keep it down, 'K?"
  Her roommate stood and just as she was through the door she looked back and 
said.
  "He doesn't have a chance of holding his job though. I saw how the queen acted 
around him and how she visibly thought him as annoying."
  With that she departed.
  Ryoko, dressed in a suit, turned the light out and started to sleep in her 
cloths. Soon she was dreaming. She was at her office and the door suddenly was 
kicked open and in the door stood a figure she is dressed in a space pirate 
costume.
  "Look at you slaving away and  you don't care! Did you become a wimp over 
night or has it a slow process?"
  The figure came closer and Ryoko sees herself as she came closer and placed 
her hand on Ryoko's head. Her gem glow and... Ryoko sat up awake. She looked 
around her and then down at her wrists. The gems were there and were glowing 
just like in he dream, Ryoko made the energy field like she did in ova episode 
1. She created her energy sword and the light from the sword shone on her face. 
Her eyebrows set into a look of concentration and then...
  "This morning at precisely 3:03 am the Space pirate Ryoko came out of 
retirement. An insurance company was destroyed and the Bank of Jurai broken into 
and 430,684 Jurai were stolen. Queen Asona has this to say... The news flashed 
to an interview with queen Asona. "Ryoko has made a direct attack on our planet. 
Fortunately no people were hurt Ryoko must be stopped and I will offer a 5,000 
jurai reward on top of the Galaxy Polices offer of a million."  In other news 
the space pirate Ryoja attacked a Jurai Battle station and stole 4,000 Jurai 
worth of weapons, charts, graphs, and plans."
  Chapter 8; Trip to Jurai
  Ryoja was, if we remember, created in Washu's lab as her gift to Ryoko. 
However when Ryoko left Washu thought she would have to cancel Ryoja. Luckily 
for Ryoja, Zleg volunteered to take care of her as she would her own child. And 
she did. The day she was born...
  "Oh Miss Washu, I-I don't know how to thank you! She's prefect! Oh my, she's 
just wonderful! If all babies are this lovely, then perhaps, I my fall in love 
with someone just to have one. I will never stop loving her. And besides she 
will give me something to do."
  Zleg was standing with baby Ryoja in her arms. She could not take her eyes of 
the little creature.
  " I know how you can repay me, keep her out of my hair!"
  "Oh yes, I will. I promise, I will."
  Zleg did as she said she would. As Ryoja grew Zleg stayed with her. She told 
her all of the files from the database about Ryoko.  Four years passed slowly 
but Zleg was never sad because Ryoja was her world. She her taught all sorts of 
things and made her familiar with everything in the lab. When she was four Ryoja 
decided she would follow in Ryoko's footsteps and become a space pirate. She 
hitched a ride to Jurai that day was the saddest day of Zleg's life. As Ryoja's 
ship blasted slowly out of sight Zleg sunk to her knees tears running down her 
face unchecked. Her heart was broken at the leaving of Ryoja.
  "Oh Miss Washu... I-I...I miss her so much... I-I...  Miss Washu I-I love her! 
Do you hear? LOVE HER!"
  Washu looked with a look that said everything glanced at her. Zleg finally 
gave up emotionally and cried openly on Washu's shoulder. Washu looked down at 
her and smiled.
  "I know you do Zleg. I've been watching you as you raised her, I know you love 
her."
  "She's like my daughter Miss Washu. I think the thing that tore me the most 
was when she... when she... asked me if she could call me 'Mom'."
  She was still crying. Washu new she was not the kind off woman who cried 
easily. Her shoulders still rose in feel with her sobs and tears still streamed 
from her eyes onto Washu's shoulder.
  "I know how you feel because when Ryoko left me I felt the same thing. I loved 
her, but she still left me. If you were to as her she would deny it, but it's 
true."
  Washu looked out to space.
  "You know, I think we should go too. I think the change of scene would do you 
good. It would help to get your mind off of Ryoja. We could catch a ship easy 
enough. I have been working very hard and I need a brake. So what do you say we 
go to Jurai?"
  So they did. A small commuter ship picked up Washu and Zleg. They soon found 
themselves crammed into the back in amongst lots of luggage.  
  "Yall' hav to exuse us were sellibrten. Shplangy har is marren me morrow."
  "That's nice."
  In the back of the small ship the drunkenness the young couple in front was 
very apparent. If by nothing else the gin was in the back. In fact Washu was 
sitting on it.
  "Shplangy, har is gone to make a honest wo-man out o me. Ain'tcha Shplangy?"
  "Dunno."
  She punched him rather hard on the shoulder and then laughed hysterically.
  "Here."
  The girl of the two offered Zleg a plastic cup of very thick looking beverage.
  "Oh no thank you. I don't drink."
  "Huh, well ain't that a kick. You want some?"
  Washu took the smallest of sips and reeled back. Her insides were on fire as a 
sires of A- bombs exploded all the way from her mouth to her stomach. 
  "Not bad."
  "You up for a drinken contest?"
  Miraculously the woman drained the cup and then poured one for Washu.
  "Uh... Miss Washu This may not be a good idea."
  "I can handle it."
  She downed the contents of her cup and instantly blacked out.
  The rest of the trip has such bad grammar that I won't write it. When they 
almost slammed a meteor, Zleg decided that letting Shplangy drive was a mistake 
and instantly she took the controls, being the only sober person in the ship. 
When they arrived on Jurai, Washu was drunk and staggering. So they rented a 
room in a hotel. The next day Washu looked like a wreck. With red puffy eyes, 
rings under them, flat faced and pail.
  "Miss Washu. How are you feeling?"
  She responded in a monotone.
  "Hung over."
  "Well, we were in a ship for three days, with some. How can I say this... 
um... If you'll excuse my language, hicks. Drunk hicks"
  "Their been hicks has nothing to do with it."
  "Well I did tell you that having a drinking contest with them was a bad idea. 
I think that potato gin was their own brew."
  "That would explain things."
  By noon Washu was not hung over any more.
  "Why did you want to go to Jurai? It's long way from Thog."
  "I have some friends here. Also because that's the whole idea of vacations."
  "Really? Who do you know, Miss Washu?"
  "The crowned princess Ayeka and her little sister Sasami."
  "Sasami? Oh yes I remember now. My master had to capture her to capture 
Tsunami. I've never met her but she seemed nice."
  "Well, you're going to meet her today."
  Later that day... Washu and Zleg were at main gate of the royal palace of 
Jurai, Standing and talking to the guards.
    "I don't care who you are. You are not going to see the princess."
  Washu frowned and looked at the guard. Then a strange smile flashes across her 
face. She sidled up to the guard and whispered in his ear.
  "If you let me in I'll make sure it's worth your while. My pretty friend is 
very lonely and is a victim, some times, of hormones"
  "No."
  Washu stepped back and considered him.
  "I can see that my friends feminine charm isn't working on you. So..."
  In a second she had whipped out a can and shortly had sprayed the guards. 
Their eyes when blank and the stood drooling.
  "What was that, Miss Washu?"
  "Brain control spray. I thought it was a good idea to bring it with me. Now 
then take us to the princess."
  The guards turned and escorted them to a door. Here they stopped. A sign on 
the door read, "Woman's bath"
  Princess Ayeka is in the bath with her eyes closed. She was blushing and it 
was obvious what she is thinking about. Washu noticed the look and bent over so 
they were eye to eye and said
  "Thinking about Tenchi?"
  Ayeka didn't even seem to see her.
  "Who else? HUH?!"
  Ayeka's eyes bugged out she wheeled around to see Washu and Zleg standing 
there ready to take a bath, rapped in towels.
  "Miss Washu..."
  "LITTLE WASHU! HOW MANY TIMES DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU?!"
  Zleg looked perplexed from one to the other before getting her answer.
  " 'Little Washu'?"
  "This doesn't apply to you dear."
  "What are you doing here?"
  "Oh, we just came to visit."
  Ayeka leaned against the side of the bath and came face to face with a 
pleading look from Zleg who was kneeling down.
  "Please. I have come several light years across space with two drunken hicks, 
and- and IF I DON'T HAVE A BATH SOON I'M GOING TO GO INSANE! Please may I take 
one?"
  "Oh, well there's plenty of ro..."
  Zleg is already in the water smiling congenially. She gave a deep sigh.
  "Thanks."
  "...om."
  The bath continued with Washu and Ayeka talking of this and that, while Zleg 
dissolved into a blissful trance. Then...
  "Ayeka, dinner's ready!" 
  Washu looked around and Sasami caught a glimpse of Washu and Zleg. Sasami 
was12 years old now and her hair was down but still in ponytails. She looked 
like a young Tsunami. She was dressed in a Juraian princess dress. Washu gave 
Ayeka a dirty look.
  "You make your work, even here?!"
  Sasami crouched down and smiled.
  "Of coarse not Washu, I want to. But what are you two doing here?"
  "We're on vacation."
  At dinner Washu and Zleg sat at the far end of the table. All around Ayeka are 
princes who all look like, as Washu put it to Zleg, "incompetent, mindless, 
prissy, ditzy morons." After dinner...
  "Ayeka, what was with all those princes?"
  "Father wants me to marry one of them. But I just can't bring myself to love 
anyone of them because... because I..."
  "You loved Tenchi didn't you?"
  The question came quietly but even if had been a bellow it couldn't have had 
more of an effect on Ayeka. She stared at Zleg with a look of amazement. Then 
she looked away something about her back told them she was crying. When she 
turned around again tears were rolling down her cheeks.
  "Of coarse I loved him. I loved him more then I can tell you. My love was 
bigger then the sky can hold. I loved him more then life itself."
  "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked. I should have seen that you didn't want to 
talk about it."
  "Well that's good because if you didn't really love him then my idea won't 
work."
  Zleg and Ayeka looked at Washu and see her holding disk and smiling.
  "This disk holds a program that I think you will like."
  Chapter 9; The Disk's Program
  Ayeka installed the program into a computer. It was a hologram program, named 
'prefect world'.
  When Ayeka opened it she found herself at the Masaki house. There was a 
difference. There were no other women. Only Sasami cooking in the kitchen. Ayeka 
looked around and did not see any sign of other women. Even the utility closet 
was just a closet. She went into the living room and sat down and was just 
stopped by the opening of the door. She heard the un-mistakable sound of 
Tenchi's voice telling her he was home. He came in sat down next to her and 
asked her what she had done all day. It was then she felt the cold feeling on 
her finger. She looked at what it could possibly be. It was a ring, an 
engagement ring. Tenchi wore one as well. She keeps looking at the ring until 
she cannot see it any more because of tears of joy. She felt Tenchi's arm around 
her and heard him ask what was wrong she could not answer.
  Meanwhile the real Tenchi was just waking up in the alternate universe. He 
stretched and yawned. He came out and went down stairs where Ayeka appeared and 
throwing her arms around his neck greeted him with,
  "Good Morning, Tenchi! Have a good sleep?"
  "Yea, pretty good, now get off."
  "You but Tenchi, I need a good morning kiss."
  "Ayeka,  what if Ryoko sees you? I don't need another fight on my hands."
  "Lord Tenchi, good morning. I trust... MISS AYEKA SUCH BEHAVIOR YOU SHOULD BE 
ASHAMED."
  Mihoshi came in and looks on the scene Ayeka and Ryoko fighting over Tenchi.
  "Those two are impossible."
  "Hmm"
  The fight stopped when Washu's Galaxy Police indicator started beeping.
  "Oh my, it's an emergency call."
  She walked over to Tenchi who was still between Ayeka and Ryoko.
  "Tenchi I have to go. I'll be back by dinner time."
  She took her cube out of her hair and fiddled with it. She changed to the 
uniform of the galaxy police and she teleported off.
  Chapter 10; Mihoshi's day.
  When Tenchi was released Mihoshi came over. She sat down next to him she 
looked at him.
  "There, there Tenchi, I think maybe it might be good for you if we took a walk 
and got out of the house for a while."
  "Yea, maybe your right. Wait a minute, 'We'?"
  "Well yes, I don't want you to go by yourself. If you get hurt, I would be 
able to help you."
  "Oh."
  They went out for a walk and walked past the shrine and up the mountain. The 
day went on and finally it was sunset. They stopped to rest on the way back on a 
bench that looked over the mountains with the golden light shining on 
everything. Mihoshi looked out over the golden mountains.
  "Tenchi, have you ever seen a sunset, how beautiful it is?"
  "Of coarse I've watched sunsets."
  He responded in an un-certain voice
  "I know you've watched them. But have you ever seen one as it is?"
  "I don't think so."
  "Well look now, isn't it beautiful?"
  "Yea, I guess I never really noticed how..."
  Tenchi looked at Mihoshi to see her looking at him, the sunlight shining on 
her blue eyes. She seemed like she had been looking at him for a long time. She 
was smiling and blushing. She was sitting close to him. For some reason he 
didn't seem to mind. Something un- spoken passed between them. The breeze blew 
Mihoshi's hair around her. Her bow blew loose and her hair fell down to shoulder 
level.
  "Tenchi?"
  He looked at her again. She is still sitting and she looked rather pretty with 
her hair down accenting her tan face with her blue eyes looking at him.
  "Tenchi, I was thinking... maybe... well... maybe we could watch the sunset 
again some time. Soon?"
  "That would be nice."
  "Oh, really?"
  A tear started to roll down her cheek. She looked away to brush it off. When 
she put her hand back down it landed on Tenchi's. It stayed there for a while 
then she jerked it away. Tenchi looked at her, now she really was blushing.  She 
was so embarrassed she looked away.
  "Tenchi?"
  "Huh"
  "It's getting dark we should be going back."
  "Yea."
  When they get back Ayeka and Ryoko are standing at the door with a look of 
disapproval on they're faces. Ayeka teleports and appeared right in front of 
Mihoshi's face.
  "Where were you two?!"
  "We went for a walk."
  "And?"
  "And, it's none of your business."
  "gggrr..."
  "But if you must know, we went over three mountains, ate lunch at a shed in 
the woods and came home. Right?"
  She looked at Tenchi, she tossed and short wink, then she smiled at him.
  "Hey! I saw that!"
  "Saw what?"
  "That wink! What did you really do?!"
  Mihoshi walked away and headed toward her lab. When she turned the knob and 
opened the door she looked around and smiled.
  "We walked and talked. And at sunset we sat on a bench and we watched the 
sunset together. Have you ever noticed how beautiful the sunset is. We just 
noticed it and talked about it."
  Tenchi realized that she hadn't told Ayeka about the way they had watched it 
and the un-said feeling that pasted between them. Tenchi walked up stairs and 
changed and came back down and went into Mihoshi's lab she was working on her 
computer. She looked up at him and smiled.
  "I was thinking and remembered that there's going to be a carnival next week. 
I thought maybe you would like to go it."
  "Tenchi... Tenchi are you... asking me on a... a date?"
  "Well, I wouldn't use those words exactly but... I..."
  "Tenchi, of course I'll go out with you."
  "It's not really a date. I just thought maybe you'd like to go. I thought I 
should ask you before..."
  He looked over and she was standing much closer to him, looking away blushing.
  "I'll still go with you, Tenchi."
  The next week came and they went to the carnival. They were walking down the 
midway Mihoshi is eating a caramel apple.
  "Tenchi, lets go on the Ferris wheel?"
  "Sure."
  They got in line and into a bucket. They started around and just as they got 
to the top of the Ferris wheel they stopped.
  "Uh oh."
  They looked down and saw sparks fling out of the engine.
  "Oh man, it could take them hour to fix that."
  "Well it's not too bad."
  "What do you mean? We are stuck on the top of a Ferris wheel! How this be 
could good?!"
  "It's pretty, the view, I mean."
  He looked at the view then he felt a weight on his shoulder he looked around 
and saw blonde hair three inches away from his face then he looked down. Mihoshi 
had her head was on his shoulder she looked up at him. For a minute, Tenchi 
didn't know what to do but he decided to let her head stay there. His heart was 
telling something but he didn't know what it was
  "Tenchi..."
  "Oh look, they've got the engine going."
  They got off the ride and started walking down the midway. When they got back 
Mihoshi was carrying a toy bear. When they get back to the Masaki house Mihoshi 
stopped before the door. Tenchi looked back at her.
  "Mihoshi were you going to say something on the Ferris wheel?" She ran quickly 
mentally through the thoughts that were going through her head. 
  "The answer came to me when we were on the Ferris wheel. Tenchi... I... 
Tenchi, I love you! I really do. I love you more then my work, then my lab, 
then... then any thing. I know you think I'm bold to say this but, I just can't 
bare the thought of losing you. I would do anything for you Tenchi. I love you 
and I want to be with you always. I need to spend the rest of my life with you. 
As a scientist I try to find out if god really does exist, if you feel the same 
way I do that's living proof." 
  But all she said was,
  "Oh, no nothing."
  Tenchi shrugged and waited for her to come up to the front door. When she 
pasted him to go in he bent forward and kissed her gently on the cheek. She 
looked at him instantly. Her face wasn't tan any more it was red from blushing. 
  "Good night, Mihoshi."
  He went inside. Mihoshi was still standing at the front door. She was smiling 
as she felt the warm feeling that boiled up in her. Finally she went inside and 
walked as if in dream to the storage closet. She went into her own private bath. 
Tenchi in his room was thinking of this and that when he thought of the universe 
he left behind. 
  "You know it's strange she seems so different here. I my universe she was 
well, loud but now she's so quiet. It's like Mihoshi's inner-beauty is coming 
out here, in this universe. She's well, wonderful far to for me. Okay, Tenchi 
think. All right I'm going to make a pros and cons list. Pros; She is a hard 
worker, she is very pretty, as for cons; there's...well, there must be something 
wrong with her. Oh man, I like her a lot. I know what I'll do I think of 
something from my heart and I'll decide on what the image is."
  At first he didn't see anything then image came up like a freight train until 
it filled his whole mind. It is the picture of Mihoshi when she was sitting next 
to him, with the light shining on her face and another light shining in her eyes 
that was not from the sun. The questions appeared in his mind, 'What was that 
feeling I had when I was with her?' 'Do I love her?' 'What should I do about 
it'? Another image showed in his mind. The moonlight shone down on them. It 
reflected on of her tears and shone on her and made her look angelic. The 
answers to his last question came hurtling into the front of his mind as if a 
cannon had fired it.
  "Do I love her? YES. What is the feeling? It is love."
  In his minds eye the image continued. 
  "Mihoshi?"
  She looked up at him. Now she really did look like an angel, her face wet with 
tears but a look of  hope on her face.
  "I've been thinking about this. Will you marry me?"
  She looked surprised for a second and then a smile spread across her face and 
the light that was there at sunset appeared in her eyes. She gave him a big hug. 
Normally he would feel embarrassed or irritated but when Mihoshi hugged him he 
really didn't mind. They stayed that way for a while. Tenchi held her back and 
looked into her eyes. This image was very heartening he already had enough to by 
her and himself a ring. But reality was hard on him. He thought to himself that 
even if he asked her that she wouldn't accept. She was to good for him, but just 
to be on the safe side he could just ask. But he couldn't get up the nerve. 
  Mihoshi was on her bed, the bear that Tenchi had won her at the carnival, next 
to her she pondering how this had come about. She had never really been 
attracted to anyone before. She felt warm, whenever she was near him. She felt 
that she love to tell him what she had wanted to. To tell him how she felt about 
him. She had her down and across one shoulder was brushing it. She thought of 
Tenchi as she brushed her silky hair. She wasn't a vain woman but she was proud 
of her hair. But she would shave it of if Tenchi wanted her to. She wanted to 
tell him, she longed to tell him, her feelings for him. She fell asleep and 
dreamed about Tenchi
  Chapter 11; Ryoja's adventures
  Ryoja was now eight and had stolen Ra- Ohki the second generation of Ryo- Ohki 
battleships. She was wanted as a first class space pirate. Today she was 
fighting the galaxy police, at the station.
  "Space pirate Ryoja you are charge with galaxy police laws 1-25"
  BOOM!
  The whole east side of the fleet blew up. The new marshal of the galaxy police 
looked out with a look of disapproval. She was thirty-two, blonde, blue eyed, 
had a heavy tan and had her hair in a ponytail tied with a red-purple ribbon. 
Her name was Mihoshi. She was promoted after several big cases she got done. She 
watched as the fleet got blown up in sections. Ryoja's ship was a cabbit with a 
difference; it could and was producing all ten of the lite hawk wings. Even 
though all ships were firing on it none passed the light hawk wings. Suddenly it 
came foreword and slammed into the force field of the station. In a few seconds 
all power went out, the shield was gone as was the weaponry. The ship 
disappeared and a few seconds later a figure appeared in Mihoshi's doorway. It 
was hard to see but Mihoshi recognized the shape it is that of an eight year 
old. Mihoshi pulled her gun out and fired she saw the shot be absorbed by a 
light hawk wing. She kept firing and they all were absorbed. A few second later 
they are back in Ra- Ohki with Mihoshi behind a force field.
  "Space cruiser, you are charge for violating galaxy police laws1 through 28. 
You have the right to remain silent anything you say, can and will be used 
against you in the court of law. You also have the right to an attorney. If you 
can't afford one the court will provide you with one."
  Ryoja came over.
  "Listen. I don't have anything against you personally. It's just that the 
galaxy police have been giving me a hard time so I took you with me, because 
with out you they don't know what to do. As the adage says, "'the only way to 
kill a snake is to cut off its head.'"
  Ra- Ohki flickered and by the time the image faded they were far away. Ryoja 
looked her.
  "I'm sorry I had to kidnap you. How about lunch? You hungry? I'll buy." 
    "You can't make up for your crimes with food!"
  "So... you don't want anything."
  "Well now I didn't say that. Is it a soup joint?"
  "Yeah and it's good."
  "Oh great! I'm Starving!"
  Mihoshi was always hungry. It must be her hyper activity.
  Later, while they were sitting at a table. Mihoshi is eating a noodle special 
and Ryoja was toying with a sandwich and milkshake. The waitress was standing 
over them watching them take their time.
  "Do think that you could take any longer. I was supposed to get off work an 
hour ago."
  "Hey now..."
  "No, no let me handle this Mihoshi."
  Ryoja create an energy sword and held it up to waitress.
  "Now you listen to me, you dirty sack of monkey dung. I don't care if you were 
supposed to meet the queen of Sheba, your going to stay until were done. Do you 
know why? Because I'm a space pirate! I have no qualms about hurting people! Get 
it?!"
  The waitress swallowed hard and looked nervous. Ryoja and Mihoshi finish and 
leave.
  "Ryoja can I ask you a question? Why did you decide to become a space pirate? 
You don't seem like a bad kid."
  "I'm not bad really. I just want to be like my mom, Ryoko."
  "Oh. Okay like your mom Ryoko. Huh? Ryoko?! Hey Ryoko never had any kids!"
  " No she didn't I was created by  granny Washu using Tenchi and Ryoko's 
genes."
  "Oh. So who are your parents?"
  Ryoja had a drip appear on her head and she fell down.
      As they were fling another ship it was Dr. Splack's even though they 
didn't know it.
  "Hey! You in the cabbit! Stop, I'm a space pirate!"
  "I'm not afraid of you, come and fight me! I'm a space pirate too, so bring it 
on!"
  The fight continued but Ryoko couldn't lay a finger on Ra-Ohki because of the 
light hawk wings. With on blast Ryoko's ship blew up. Ryoko had teleported to 
Ra- Ohki before it blew.
  "Nailed her! Yes! That will teach her to threaten me!"
  An energy sword appeared at Ryoja's neck and the fight then continued inside. 
Mihoshi watched the fight wondering whom Ryoja was fighting. She was thinking 
and then the name came...
  "Ryoko!"
  They both stare at her and then at each other.
  "Are you really Ryoko?"
  "Yea, and who are you?"
  Ryoja gave her a mean look and punched her and sent her fling across the room.
  "Geez, what was that for?"
  "That's for not recognizing your own daughter!"
  "Ryoja is your child, Sort of."
  "What are you talking about?"
  Ryoja explained how Washu created her with Tenchi and her genes. As she 
continued her story Ryoko's face lit up and a smile spread across her face. She 
lunged forward and gave Ryoja a huge hug. And began crying on her shoulder. 
Later on when they were back in Ryoja's hideout the all were talking and then 
Ryoko and Ryoja felt something.
  Chapter 12; the last day
  It was Sunday in the alternate universe. Tenchi and Mihoshi were taking a walk 
through the woods. The conversation of two people who care for each other very 
much, but were to shy to tell the other that they loved him and her. The fact 
that they were walking through the woods of Japan just as the cherry blossoms 
were starting to bloom. It was one of the most beautiful times of year. The air 
was throbbing with feelings. The only conversation they had was towards the 
woods. Luckily they were saved the disgrace of talking because the sky got 
suddenly black.
  Even love, the all-driving force, was no match for a thunderstorm, and in this 
case a humdinger of a thunderstorm. The sky was now a blackish green, the rain 
poured down in sheets, the thunder cracked like a slap to the face, the lighting 
was blinding. Even the power of the heart is overwhelmed by the power of the 
brain. They both knew what happened in lighting storms under trees especially 
when you are soaking wet. They found shelter in the form of the shed that they 
had had lunch in the first day of there feelings. They were inside, Tenchi 
wasn't too bad. He had covered by a large leaf, Mihoshi was, however soaked. As 
the temperature dropped she began to shiver. He began to look around and then he 
found what he was looking for. He tossed a greenish blanket to Mihoshi. She 
didn't understand what he meant, but his meaning became clear when he turned his 
back to her.
  After fifteen minutes he turned she was wrapped in the blanket. Her clothes 
laid out to dry. She had been soaked through and had taken even her under 
garments off. She looked rather pathetic with her hair sodden and matted wrapped 
in her blanket. He began a project that called for the woodpile, stack of 
newspapers and his pocketknife and sparker, and a steel trash can. Soon he had a 
lively blaze going in the can. The room was warm and well lit. It was nice to 
hear the sound of rain raging outside instead of all around them. It wasn't very 
long before they were dry and warm. Tenchi was staring into the fire when he 
noticed a repetitive motion. I was Mihoshi; she had her hair down and was 
brushing it.
  "Wow. Has anyone ever told you that you look like a different woman with your 
hair like that? You look... "
  "Do I, Really? I'm sorry I'll have it up in a second."
  "Wait. I...didn't say I didn't like it. Because I do, you look very pretty 
with your hair across one shoulder like that."
  "Thank you."
  She looked at him. Then she smiled not just at him but outside as well. He 
looked around to the door the sun was coming out.
  On the way home Mihoshi went to the left to the Masaki shrine.
  "I just want to talk to Kosaheato."
  "All right, I'll see you after dinner."
  Mihoshi went up to the shrine and went inside. Kosaheato was inside sitting 
and meditating.
  "Sir, I want to talk to you about something. Could you please give me your 
advice? I think I may be love with someone."
  Kosaheato looked at her with the corner of his eye and nodded.
  "Thank you, sir. I think I love someone, but I'm not certain as to how I am to 
proceed. The person I love doesn't like fast women, by that I mean...well... 
Those women who act to fast for him. What should I do?"
  He considered this for a moment.
  "You must let him know how you feel or you might loose him forever."
  She thought about his advice.
  "Thank you, I will. Dinner should be ready by now would like me tell Tsunami 
to lay another place for dinner."
  "I would like that very much. Oh, and miss Mihoshi good luck, with your 
lover."
  Tenchi had got up to his room. He looked at his dresser; he knew in there, 
there was a black, velveteen in his sock drawer. He had worked on the contents 
of that box until the sweat ran down his face. It now shone like the sun, it was 
just a small gift, but he felt it was a small piece of heaven. A little piece 
the sun. He looked also at the book on top of the dresser. It had been a book 
about love between two people that knew they loved each other but didn't know 
it. In the end of it the ended up marrying each other. He made up his mind, as 
soon as he knew how Mihoshi felt, he would ask her the question that was 
borrowing into his heart and mind. They ate dinner. Both Tenchi and Mihoshi were 
conscious of the other at dinner. She pasted him a note between courses. 'may I 
see you in my room after dinner?'
  He wrote, 'sure'. After dinner he went upstairs and got the black box. Mihoshi 
was sitting on her bed. 
  "Thank you for coming."
  She stood up and came over to him. Her hair was down and he was struck by how 
beautiful she was.
  "I need to tell something."
  'Here it comes. I knew she was to good for me. She has found some one else.'
  She was very close to him now. She bent forward and his brain shut into auto. 
He could only feel things. He felt the warm tickle of her sweatshirt's arms 
around his neck. Felt the pressure of her body against his. He felt the brush of 
her forehead lock of hair against his face and the warmness of her lips against 
his. Then his heart took over, his eyes closed without him thinking and he 
automatically but his arms around her waist and pulled her closer to him.
  His brain kicked back into control. She was kissing him. He knew how he was 
going to as the question that was burrowing into his brain. He held her back. 
Her eyes opened slowly. She loved him but she but she thought that she had done 
something wrong. She flushed hard and turned away. 
  "I'm sorry, Tenchi. I love you but I had to show you. Please forgive me."
  Her voice trembled and she turned with tears in her eyes, to him thinking that 
she would see him looking upset. Instead, he was smiling. 
  "Mihoshi, I'm glad that you told me how you felt. But, I- I must ask you. 
Would you love me just as much if I could only give you two things?"
  She smiled and the light that had been in her eyes three times before was 
there again.
  "Tenchi, do you really think so little of me, that you think that it would 
matter what you have as to physical positions.  Tenchi, I would love you as much 
if you were the richest man in the world or if you were in cardboard box."
  "Thank you, that's good, because, I- I only have two things. One is a ring, 
the other is... my name."
  She looked surprised but before she could say any thing he had sunk to one 
knee and had taken her hand in his.
  "Mihoshi, will you..."
  He fumbled I his pocket and brought out the black velveteen box. He opened it 
and pressed into her hand. 
  "Will you marry me?"
    She looked at the ring and a smiled as her eyes filled with tears
  "Oh Tenchi..."
  She crouched down near him and threw her arms around her neck and wept.
  "Of coarse I will." 
  Chapter 13; Washu's discovery
    Washu had been typing on her computer the next day. At that time, Washu came 
on a file labeled Splack.
  "A Splack file? But I thought I got all of them. Well let's open it."
  She did and begun reading. As she read her eyed bug out and her mouth dropped 
open. She blinked and read it again. The file told about a high-energy reaction 
caused by the black falcon wings that can be used as a catapult to another 
universe. She called Zleg in and asked her if she could tell her what she 
thought of this file. She said she didn't know what to think. Washu explained 
about when they had been fighting Yur and he had given out that high-energy 
discharge and when Tenchi was blasted through the portal. Into the, what she now 
knew as another universe, where everything was backward. They started work on a 
machine that was capable of inter-universal travel. Meanwhile in the alternate 
universe this is the day when Tenchi had to tell the others that he and Mihoshi 
were engaged.
  The evening had fell and they were eating dinner when Tsunami, who always sits 
next to Mihoshi, noticed a ring on her finger. 
  "Wow! Mihoshi, is that an engagement ring?!"
  Mihoshi blushed and looked away with a small smile on her face. Tenchi quickly 
excused himself and rushed up stairs to his room to lock the door from the 
inside, knowing that there will be an explosion.
  "Yes...it is."
  Everyone stared at her with large eyes and mouths open. There was a long 
silence. Then Tsunami asked the question that was in everyone's mind.
  "Who are you engaged to, Mihoshi?"
  Mihoshi hesitated then...
  "Well... Tenchi. He proposed to me and- and I accepted."
  Nobouki fainted, Ayeka and Ryoko rushed up stairs, Tsunami gave Mihoshi her 
congratulations, and Washu stirred in her sleep. Tenchi in his room was just 
climbing out of the window with his sheets tied together, with the idea of 
running away before Ayeka and Ryoko got to him, when he heard the footsteps in 
the hall. At first he panicked then he thought, 'Why should I deign it? I love 
her.'
  "TENCHI?! HOW CAN YOU BE ENGAGED TO MIHOSHI?!"
  He responded calmly.
  "I am engaged to Mihoshi, because I love her. I love her, more then, well, 
anything."
  She stormed out, in search of Mihoshi.
  "You're engaged to Tenchi? How can you do it to me?"
  "Ayeka... I'm sorry to hurt you but..."
  "HURT ME?! CAN'T YOU SEE THAT I LOVE HIM?!"
  "If you really love him then you should be wanting him to be happy no matter 
what he wanted."
  Ayeka gave Mihoshi a sad look. Then she went over to the window and her back 
told Mihoshi could tell she was crying. Ayeka turned around and wiped the tears 
from her eyes.
  "Alright. Go ahead and marry him. Just so that the record is strait, it's not 
because I like you, it's because I love Tenchi and want him to be happy."
  Mihoshi smiled and went to look for Ryoko. She was her room crying.
  "Ryoko..."
  "Just leave me alone..."
  "Ryoko, I know it's hard for you. But I love him and I am sure he loves me."
  "That's why I am crying- from a broken heart."
  "Lets reverse the tables a second. If it were you getting married in three 
weeks and you knew I loved Tenchi as much as you do how would you feel?"
  "I would feel... feel terrible. I... I would feel really..."
  "Now you know how I feel but it is not my choice. Tenchi proposed."
  Ryoko started to cry and Mihoshi started to comfort her. Ryoko finally stopped 
and wiped her eyes with a tissue. Mihoshi a few seconds later was in her lab 
when Tenchi came in.
  "Oh Tenchi, I'm glad you're here. I wanted to tell you that I've talked to my 
mother and she said she'll be over in two days to meet you and your family. Just 
to warn you she looks younger then she is, also there is the little matter of my 
kid sister, Asashi. She's a bounty hunter but not a good one; it's just that she 
has impulses. Just a heads up."
  Chapter 14; Mihoshi's kin
  Tenchi and the gang were standing by the lake. Mihoshi's mother's ship is in 
the lake two-energy transports came out of the ship. They materialized and two 
women appear. One seemed to be 4 or 5 years younger, with her hair in a 
ponytail, she was wearing a sweater and black mini-skirt. The other seemed to be 
5 or 6 years older, her hair cut short, with sunglasses, summer outfit and 
necklace of frozen fire. Frozen fire, frozen oxygen with flames are feeding from 
it, is a very beautiful and very, very valuable. In fact, it is the most sought 
after gem in the universe, worth 450 septillion Jurai per cubic centimeter. Miss 
Raya Kuramitsu, Mihoshi's mother, has a piece of frozen fire that is 6cm2 by 
7.89cm2 on her necklace. She had it as a remembrance of her dead husband. He was 
the only man in the universe Raya had ever loved. He was a miner and she was a 
young woman. He had dug up the smallest vein of frozen flame. He had molded it 
and cut it himself and had given to Raya as the sign of love. She was still 
wearing it and would never ever let it go. He had died when Mihoshi was still 5 
and Asashi was still un-born. There were many other men whom had loved Raya but 
she always left them dumb. Although she was 55 she didn't look a day over 32.
  Miss Kuramitsu came over and greeted Mihoshi with a huge hug.
  "Is this pretty young woman my own little Mihoshi? This is my little girl with 
pigtails? You grew up so quickly, one minute your crying because you scraped 
your knee and now your getting married!"
  Miss Kuramitsu began to cry. Then she stopped as suddenly as she started and 
then smiled.
  "Well, that's enough of that! So who's this Tenchi guy anyway?"
  Mihoshi led her over to Tenchi.
  "Mom, this is Tenchi Masaki."
  Miss Kuramitsu stood stunned. She set her face in a look of concentration.
  "So, you're Tenchi. My oldest daughter is in love with. I'm warning you now if 
you don't take care of my little Mihoshi, you'll regret it. Now then, stand 
strait and let me get a good look at you." Asashi came over.
  "Hello, I am Asashi Kuramitsu. I'm Mihoshi's sister."
  Tenchi noticed that she was averting her gaze and was blushing. Asashi had 
been standing in the background staring at him while her mother was going 
through all of the things listed above. She now had a crush on him and that is 
why she blushed and looked away. The day passed and lunch came and Nobouki, who 
had gotten off of work early and was coming home when he noticed Miss Kuramitsu 
sitting on a bench.
  "Oh, hello, I've haven't seen around here before."
  Miss Kuramitsu looked at her.
  "Who me? I'm Mihoshi's mother. You must be Nobouki, right."
  "Yeah, that's right. But, how did you know?"
  "Tenchi looks like you."
  The two of them were walking down the stairs a few seconds later. Nobouki was 
walking with his hands in his pockets and Miss Kuramitsu walking next him with 
her hands behind her head. For a second Nobouki looked at her. When Mihoshi said 
that her mother was good looking for her age she was not kidding, in fact she 
had downsized the fact. Since, she was walking next to him he got the view of 
her profile. She was very attractive, and if he was inclined to forget his dead 
wife he would have made passes. However, he was aware of the picture of his wife 
in his pocket kept him in line.
  "You know I only wish Tenchi's mother was alive to see this. She died when 
Tenchi was still pretty young."
  "Mihoshi's father died when she was five. But you know, I know that if he was 
alive he would proud of her."
  "Yeah."
  Elsewhere on the same hill Tenchi and Mihoshi are sitting on a bench, the same 
one they had first felt love in each other. They were watching the sunset when a 
crack in time and space. Tenchi remembered it as the inter-universal portal. The 
entire bench with both of them on it were sucked it the portal.
  Chapter 15; Wedding
  "Oh Tenchi, good, your awake."
  Tenchi sat up and looked around and saw himself to be in a lab that was very 
different then Mihoshi's. Washu was bending over him. He knew was back in the 
regular universe because Washu had a huge cut on her face and he remembered when 
she had got it.
  "The important thing is that your back and that you never have to go back. 
Ayeka and everyone are going to want to see you."
  "Uh... but you see... I want to go back. Because..."
  Washu then saw a glint of light on Tenchi's ring finger. She got a close look 
at it with a look of surprise.
  "Tenchi, is that a ring on your finger?"
  "Well... Yeah."
  It was then that Mihoshi woke and sat up. She put her hand to her head to 
steady herself. Washu looked around and her eyes, trained to notice details, 
caught sight of the ring on her finger. Washu looked back and forth from one 
hand to the other.
  "Those rings, they are the same kind aren't they? Let's see now what they are, 
plain, no jewels, and no entrapments or carvings. So... these must be engagement 
rings."
  When Washu got a small nod from Mihoshi her expression grew even more 
perplexed.
  "So because you both have one that means..."
  They she fainted. When she came a round she leapt up and exclaimed, "You two 
are engaged?!" Another nod told her she was right. Ten minutes later they are 
talking, Washu is sipping sake as they explain how they fell in love that 
evening on the mountain.
  "Well that's great, congratulations. It's just that the others would want to 
see him."
  Mihoshi concentrated her mind and her brow knitted then the answer came.
  "Why don't you invite them to the wedding? They could see Tenchi again and he 
could stay in our universe."
  "Alright. I'll tell them. Well, good bye."
  The two of them stepped back into the portal. That was the message Ryoko and 
Ryoja felt through their gems.
  "Zleg, can you send off this message to the marshal of the galaxy police and 
the crowned princess and empress of Jurai."
  A few days later everyone is standing in Washu's lab. 
  "Let me get this strait, Tenchi is alive?"
  "Yes. I don't want to tell you this but I have to. Tenchi is engaged to 
Mihoshi in the alternate universe."
  The others drew in breath and stood surprised and then Ayeka, Ryoko, and 
Sasami began to cry. Then from the back Ryoja stepped forward.
  "I don't care if he is getting married. I've never met him and I want to know 
what my other half looks like."
  Sasami dried her eye and went over and joined Ryoja.
  "I'm going too. I want to see him again."
  Mihoshi joined the group as well; making some lame excuse that she needed a 
vacation. Ryoko and Ayeka were the only two left now. They were still crying but 
Ayeka manages one sentence.
  "(Sniff) How... (Sniff) How can you expect us to watch the...(sniff) the man 
we love getting married."
    Out of the corner of her eye she saw Ryoko stiffen. Ryoko wiped her eyes and 
joined the group. Looking back at Ayeka she saw her turn away. 
  "Ayeka I know how you feel. I love Tenchi as much as you do. Wait though don't 
you remember what you felt like when you found that he was dead? I don't know 
about you but I would have given anything to see him again. I lost him without 
saying good bye once I won't make that mistake again."
  Ryoko looked at Ayeka's back and then she turned away. They all went towards 
the sleeping rooms, then...
  "I'm coming."
  They turned around and saw Ayeka standing defiantly. The next day they all 
went into the other universe. The day was partly cloudy, the ceremony was held 
at the Masaki shrine, with Kosaheato as the preacher. Tenchi and Amagasaki were 
standing at the alter. Amagasaki was Tenchi's best man. Everyone from both 
universes were seated when the organ struck up Mendelssohn's march everyone 
looked around Mihoshi was standing there coming forward. In her wedding dress 
with her hair down she looked like an angel then time seemed to stand still. It 
was fitting that she was caring a bouquet of Anglis Mastati, or angel's roses. 
It is said anyone who smells them with a pure heart will fall in love with in 
under a year. In something like a dream Tenchi realized that Mihoshi was next to 
him and that words were flowing over them. He and she were the only things that 
seemed to be real. He could tell she was looking at him. Her deep blue eyes 
seemed like an ocean. She was feeling the same as him. 'Tenchi, I love you more 
now then ever before. I love more then they skies can hold, you I LOVE YOU!' 
Tenchi looked at her and for the first time notice how beautiful she was. Her 
face's gentle features, her blue eyes in her tan skin. Her blonde hair seemed 
like it was spun from gold. The time at night she had looked angelic, but now 
she was truly angelic. If she had had a halo and dove wings she could not have 
looked more like an angel. She was radiant in her wedding gowned that Miss Raya 
had bought her. Mihoshi's mother had paid for almost all the wedding 
perporations. Includeing, their honeymoon. Tenchi, looking into her eyes he 
thought of oceans, not like the oceans around Japan but like the oceans of the 
Caribbean from the pictures he had seen. Then he heard from the haze in front of 
him "do you promise to love her and to care for her as long as you both shall 
live?" He replied without even thinking.
  "I do."
  Then Mihoshi took the same oath and they heard, "You may kiss the bride." 
Tenchi lifted the veil and saw her blue eyes looking at him. The internal light 
was shine as if it was the sun in her eyes. Before he could us his brain he lips 
already had met hers. The sun shone down on them as the kissed, the symbol of 
truest love. For the first time Tenchi kissed a woman. He had been kissed 
before, but had never kissed back. Now he did, Mihoshi was the only woman he had 
ever loved the coldness of the new ring on his finger was nothing compared to 
the warm feeling of love that flowed from him to Mihoshi and hers to him. He 
took her in his arms as he had done once before. His eyes slid closed, yet again 
he felt the pressure her body against his. Once again he felt the softness of 
her lips against his. He felt all kinds of things from her hair to silk of her 
gown. She finally released him from the kiss. He didn't want it to end he would 
have been glad to stay like that forever. He loved her more then ever now, she 
was beautiful. She seemed to have gained something from their kiss. Something 
that was something she needed. He felt too, he realized quickly. It was the 
others love and it was more wonderful, more precious then either of them had 
felt before. She turned around and threw the bouquet.
  Zleg was standing surprised, because she had caught the bouquet of angel's 
roses.
  That evening was the reception it was held in their new house. Miss Raya had 
spared no expense. The room that had seemed so large was crammed full of people. 
With in a minute, they were both surrounded in a huge group off people. The room 
got hotter and hotter over the next hour and a half until Mihoshi couldn't stand 
it any more. She excused herself and went outside onto the patio. There was 
bench facing west. She wasn't surprised to see someone sitting on the bench 
already. The breeze was from the west and the temptation to sit for a while, 
even with some one else, was overwhelming. She sat down and the other person 
spoke.
  "Are you tired of this party as I am?"
  She recognized the voice instantly it was Tenchi. She nodded.
  "Yeah, I never thought being a bride good be so hard. The is a limit as to how 
many times a person can hear, "Congratulations. You know I haven't been able to 
tell you but you were wonderful. I don't think I have ever seen you so hansom."
  "Or you so beautiful. I want you to know, please take this the right way, when 
I saw you standing there in your gown with your hair down, you looked like an 
angel from heaven. You were beautiful than, well, even an angel."
  She looked at him and her eyes lit up wither internal light.
  He put his arm around her waist and she placed her head on his shoulder. They 
didn't notice the flash. She looked into his eyes the light lit the twilight.
  "I love you, Tenchi."
  "I love you too, Mihoshi."
  Her lips meet met his. Their kiss was cut short by another flash. She looked 
at him quizzically that's not lighting there are no clouds she said looking up. 
They then knew what it was. It was the photographer taking pictures. She looked 
at him and she seemed disappointed.
  "Can't they leave us along for ten minutes?"
  "The whole party is waiting for us you know."
  "I don't want to go in."
  "Their waiting."
  She smiled and put her head back on his shoulder.
  "Let them wait."
  And she kissed him again. 

  THE END
  1


