Disclaimer: Here we go again...All Tenchi Muyo! Characters belong to AIC and

Pioneer strictly. I'm only 14 and do not want to be sued or have a law suite

or anything of that sort. All other characters are mine and mine alone.
Please don't use them without my permission.

Tenchi Muyo!Et-Al Episode 3: Ryo's Attack

   Tenchi sat looking dumb-founded. Was he seeing double? No, he was just
seeing what seemed to be two Ryokos. Except one was a man. Tenchi kept
looking at the two. He hadn't realized it until now, but Ryo-Ohki was
hissing
maddly. Probably at the other cabbit.
   Tenchi also noted that Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki were both on edge. The other
two were not. They both looked pretty calm.
   "Why do I find you when I'm not looking for you Ryoko? I've spent the
last 800 years scouring the galaxy for you. But when I decide to take a
break...I find you on this back water with this...human."
   "I don't know how you managed to find me," Ryoko suddenly changed moods.
She became real calm and cool...Or so it seemed, "But Tenchi is no ordinary
human. Actuallly he's not fully human."
   "Tenchi? That's an intresting name considering that's what the swaord on
his belt is called.
   "Well, Tenchi, allow me to introduce myself. My name is Ryo."
   Is it just luck that this guy had half the name of Ryoko?
   "Ryo, just leave me and Tenchi alone," Ryoko was getting mad again, "I
don't have time for you."
   "Well, you're just going to need to make time I guess."
   Ryoko phased into her red and black battle suit. An orange energy sword
appeared in her right had and flew at Ryo.
   She swung at him with all her might only to Ryo grab her sword and pull
it out of her hands.

   Damn, I forgot he can grab my sword, Ryoko thought to herself as she
stared Ryo right in the eyes.
   He then gave Ryoko a curiosity look. He raised his right eyebrow and
Ryoko went flying backwards.
   When she regained her balance she said, "Ryo...I'll never understand why
you want to kill me."
   "I don't expect you to my dear sweet Ryoko. There is only one the I do
expect of you...To die!"
   Ryoko flew to her right just in time to avoid an orange energy ball.
   This was not good... How could he have gained so much power since the
last time they met? Or was it that he had all three gems. The gems were fake

but they were just as powerful. And Ryoko only had one gem.

   Ayeka knew something was very wrong. As she and the rest of the 'family'
ran towards the explosions she saw what looked like two Ryokos fighting.
   Once Ayeka got closer she saw that one Ryoko waws a...man?! And the
female Ryoko was in her red and black battle suit.
   Ayeka was also glad that Tenchi was alright. She was afraid Ryoko was
trying to seduce him.
   "Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka cried as she got closer to Tenchi.
   "So you're the First Crown Princess of Juria, Ayeka, am I correct?" a
male voice said behind her back.
   "Why yes I am. But who are you?"
   "You may call me Ryo, your highness."
   At least he showed respect, "What do you want with Tenchi?" Ayeka
demanded.
   "Nothing at the time, but when I'm done with Ryoko I'll kill him."
   "Never! I'll never let you hurt Tenchi!"
   "Well to bad. I'm going to." Ryo fired as orange energy ball and Ayeka
brought up her Jurian sheild just in time to defelct the shot from Tenchi.
   "Very nice Miss Ayeka. But can you stop this?"
   "Huh?" Ayeka wasn't sure what he ment by that. The a huge shadow
appreared. Every thing was darked. Ayeka looked up to see Tsunami flying
above the group.
   The huge ship the unleashed a huge amount of blue laser fire from irs
silver hull.
   When the volley of energy stopped Ayeka was barly able to stand up.

   All was quiet now. Ryoko was lying on th ground and as was the rest of
the rest of the group. Execpt Ayeka was still standing but looked in great
pain.
   She colapsed to the groud. "Ayeka!" Tenchi cried as he got to his feet
and ran to her body.
   "That was quite interesting. Everyone is down on the ground. Probably
dead. Except for you."
   Tenchi pulled Tenchi-Ken from his belt and it came to life. Tenchi ran at

Ryo. When he swung it hit Ryo's sheild. He flew backwards with blue
electricity around him.
   "Now just stay out of my way-"
   But before he could finish a light came aroud Tenchi. Three Light Hawk
Wings appeared in front of him. The Wings came over Tenchi and he was now in

his Light Hawk Wing suit.
   "Well, here's a twist."
   "How can you be so heartless?"
   "Don't get mad at me. Thank Ryoko's emptiness. She's the one that made me

like this."
   "How did Ryoko effect you?"
   "Ask Washu. She knows. But I've just recieved new orders. I'll meet you
again...I hope." Ryo, Tsunami, and Ryo's cabbit all dis appeared.
   Ask Washu? How would she know? Well, she was the universe's greatest
scientific genius. But was there some conection between Ryo and Washu as
Ryoko and Washu did?

To be continued...

Notes: This may seem like a short episode but I wanted to stay on the topic
as best I could. It was also 2:30 in the morning when I wrote this anyway.
All questions, comments, and suggestions go to RyokoStar1@aol.com
