Disclaimer: I own nothing of Tenchi Muyo! except for Ryo and Orva, so PLEASE
don't sue me or put any lawsuit against me!

NOTES: God, I know, my descriptions match nothing with the story, I'll start
writing and get sidetracked then forget where I was and start a new story
from where I left off. Especially Episode 5:"The Pause." I sooo screwed-up.
My apologies too all readers. I'll try not to let it happen again.

Tenchi Muyo! Et-Al Episode 6:Washu Captured

   Kiyone was soo pissed off at that second, Tenchi was sure Kiyone would
blow his brain into a bloody nub if he looked at her in the wrong way. She
was pacing back and forward mumbling, something along the lines of, "Cursed
Orva,... Find him,... AND I'LL RING HIS NECK!!!!!!!!"
   Tenchi was about to fly out of his skin, if she didn't rip him out of it
first. Tenchi would bet money that Ryoko wouldn't even mess with Kiyone
right now.
   "Tenchi, I'm sorry about being do mad but that-that-that...!"
   "That, was wrong."
   "Wrong?! Wrong doesn't even cover it!" Kiyone yelled. Tenchi was trying
to be cautious in what he said, two unconscious bodies were already on the
floor: Mihoshi and Noboyuki...
   Surprising that Ayeka hadn't woken up, or Sasami. Tenchi let out a long
sigh... He was defiantly not getting much, if any, sleep tonight...

   The Endless Darkness hung in space over Earth's moon with Ryo onboard
Ry-Ohki, the silver-hulled male copy of Ryo-Ohki. Orva sat, blue-velvet all
around him, and his two-dozen screens watching the Miasaki house. All but
Washu's lab. But, he, he alone watched the blue-haired Kiyone pace and yell,
almost at Tenchi Miasaki.
   Orva really felt bad for what had happened in the Onsen, he had no regard
or intentions of that. He could've just sat and watched his screen if he
wanted to look. How sad, she would have to die...
   Or did she? Orva could preserve her body in a Cryo-tank, she would not be
alive or dead, but more frozen in a moment of time.
   But things dictated other wise... He needed to capture Washu... For his
plans required it... Only her genius could create what he had failed to
do...
   Now he just needed a plan to get in there and get inside Washu's lab. Ryo
would be his key. A distraction would do nicely.
   "Ryo, I want you to attack the Miasaki home, have Ry-Ohki strife the
surrounding area. We require their attention from me and Ryoko still
wounded. But... Should you see your dear-sister: kill her."

   Kiyone stood at the open-window of her and Mihoshi's room. The breeze was
cool and appreciated. She guessed she got a little out-of-hand, but if
Noboyuki wasn't such a pervert and Mihoshi soo stupid they would be sleeping
voluntarily instead of involuntarily. She started the feel her eyes sag and
she saw a glow in the sky, no, several glows. Orange glows that were getting
bigger!
   The orange beam of energy hit at the forest near the shrine, leaving
fire, smoke, and craters. She pulled-out her pistol and grabbed two extra
ammo packs. She hauled her butt out side just in time to see a Ryo-Ohki ship
fly over head and a Ryoko looking figure jump from it. It was Ryo.
   She pulled her pistol on him and let fly three blue energy darts at him.
He avoided them with what seemed effortless ease. She dropped her pistol and
grabbed her energy-sword. Them blue-bladed hummed to life just in time to
block Ryo's orange saber. Energy crackled between the two energy blades'
contact point.

   Tenchi ran down the stairs to Washu's lab. He got there and saw Ryoko
laying on a floating cot with monitors all around her, watching her vitals.
He next saw Washu at her transparent console working over it franticly.
   "Washu-!" was all Tenchi managed out.
   "I know! I know!" She said still working.
   Then, Washu froze, she turned blue. Totally blue, clothes and all. Then
she just disappeared. Her console was still there, floating...
   But she was gone and Tenchi was standing there, speechless. What was he
supposed to do except find her in some way. But now was not the time, Ryo
was attacking outside. Tenchi clutched Tenchi-Ken and started out of the
lab, then Ryoko opened her eyes.

   Ryoko heard someone's footsteps walking away. When she opened her eyes,
she saw the love of her life walking out of the lab. The only problem was
that Tenchi didn't know ... yet...

NOTES-Well, leave ya hanging. I know Washu didn't have a huge part in this
episode but, look at how much she had in the others! And if you haven't
figured it out by, now: I really, really, really hate Mihoshi.

Au-Revior