Disclaimer-It's that time again. All chacters that are with Tenchi Muyo! are

AIC's and Pioneer's property only. I do not wished to be sued or have a
lawsuit against me. I'm not very rich at this time. All other chacters are
strickly mine and do not use them with out my permission.

      Tenchi Muyo!Et-Al
            Episode 2:Ryoko's Brother

   Kiyone couldn't help but wait for the end. The Ryo-Ohki type craft was
starting to spin rather fast and unleashed six or seven more orange glowing
missiles at Yagami. Then it shot out more orange beams of energy. The
missiles and lasers came at the with full speed when suddenly more laser
destroyed those missiles and deflected the lasers.
   Kiyone couldn't believe this was happening and looked on hers scanners.
Directly above her position were eight Jurian battle cruisers.
   One of the battle cruiser's commander spoke to Kiyone over the
comm,"Detective, you're no longer required here and your ship is badly
damaged. Back away. We can handle this."
   But Kiyone wasn't so sure but she did'nt have much choice,"Mihoshi
reverse on the remaining engine...Mihoshi!"
   Looked to see that Mihoshi was hurt and was unconscious anyway. So Kiyone

had to reach over to the co-piolot's seat and hit reverse. Her ship slowly
backed off.
   Not to far away she saw the Juria fleet fight with the Ryo-Ohki ship. The

Jurians launched wave after wave of blue energy at the unknown. Then the
Ryo-Ohki ship launched what seemed to be hundreds of orange-glow missiles.
   Within minutes four of the battle cruisers were destroyed and a fifth was

about to be destroyed. The white Ryo-Ohki crashed right into the disabled
ship and obliterated it.
   Before White Ryo-ohki could kill the last four, the battle cruisers
activated their Light Hawk Wing shields.
   The Jurians opened up all their lasers and hit White Ryo-Ohki. White
Ryo-Ohki lurched back and forward. Then ten Light Hawk Wings appeared in
front of it. A second or two later a Jurian ship that looked exactly like
Tsunami appeared and vaporized three of the Jurian battle cruisers. The
final
one went full reverse and brought all of its port-side guns to bear and
every
hit bounced off the ten Light Hawk Wings.
   Then the 'Tsunami' style craft shot about twenty more shots that tore the

Juria ships Light Hawk wings to pieces along with the ship.
   Kiyone was shocked. She just now realized that was Tsunami. It wasn't a
copy. Even though Kiyone had never seen Tsunami something told her it was
the
original.

   Tenchi was sweeping of the porch when heard what sounded like far off
fire-crackers. He looked up in the sky to see many orange and white dots
that
looked like they were dancing. Then he realized that every time heard
fire-crackers he saw some of those dots appear.
   "Tenchi!" Washu said running out of the house and right to him. Her
holo-pad appeared in front of her and she started again, "I just got a huge
energy reading and it looks like that of the Light Hawk Wings. And there
seems to be are large amount of las-... Hey it just stopped!"
   "What?" Tenchi asked approaching Washu.
   "All the energy readings are gone! Just like that! But wait, that isn't
all... It's right outside Earth's atmosphere!"
   "Isn't that were Kiyone and Mihoshi are?" Tenchi asked staring at Washu
hoping for a 'no.'
   "Afraid so Tenchi. That's exactly where they are."
   "We need to find Ryoko and Ryo-Ohki and get up there fast!"
   Both started to run for the most obvious place Ryoko would be: the
Onseen.

   It was nice to relax in a nice hot bath. And the Onseen is the most
obvious place for baths. Ryoko tried to get Tenchi to join her a few times
but was always screwed up by Ayeka.
   But today was nice so far. She'd made Ayeka mad and would have her
worried for hours. When she figured out what was happening Ryoko was gonna
get it. Ha! Highly unlikely. Not that Ryoko cared anyway.
   "Ryoko, we have a slight problem and we need you to get out of the Onseen

and into some clothes!" She turned to see Tenchi just before he threw a
towel
over her head.
   "What's going on?" Ryoko wondered as she put the towel around her.
   "Washu thinks that Mihoshi and Kiyone are in trouble and we need
Ryo-Ohki." Tenchi explained.

   Ryo-Ohki was just leaving the atmosphere and found a slow moving red
ship. It looked badly damaged. "Yagami!" Tenchi yelled.
   Then over Ryo-Ohki speaker came a crackle that sounded like Kiyone,
"Tenchi? Ryoko? Who's there?"
   "We're here Kiyone, what happened?"
   "Well, a ship that looked exactly Ryo-Ohki but silver attacked us." And
Kiyone went on as to what happened but before she could finish Ryo-Ohki
jolted.
   "What was that, Ryoko?" Tenchi cried as he tried to keep his balance.
   "It was an energy bolt. Someone shot us but we had our shield up so it
didn't affect us." Ryoko replied sitting in the pilot chair.
   Another jolt and Tenchi slipped off his feet.
   Then a voice of an unknown person came over the speaker, "Listen, this is

between me and the Galaxy Police. Stay out of it or be killed!"
   "Yeah, right. Like I'm gonna sit around and miss this good fight," Ryoko
called back.
   The silver cabbit-ship stared down at the black cabbit-ship. The the
silver stared spinning like a tornado, as best Tenchi could describe it, and

shot out six glowing orange missiles. They all hit Ryo-Ohki's shield and
Ryoko could tell that those hit pretty hard.

   But Ryoko wasn't about to be defeated. She transfixed Ryo-Ohki's power
through her gem and fired a huge orange energy ball at the silver craft. It
completely destroyed one of its long silver spike-wings(?).
   It started to tumble into Earth's atmosphere. But it managed to launch
six more orange missiles and they all touched base with Ryo-Ohki. Ryo-Ohki,
now out of control, tumbled into Earth's atmosphere.
   Right before they crashed into the ground Ryoko grabbed Tenchi and she
teleported with him to a safe distance and watched the two craft crash into
the ground.
   When they managed to get to the crash site Ryo-Ohki was back into her
cabbit form.
   "Ryo-Ohki! Are you okay, Ryo-Ohki?" Tenchi asked as her ran to the little

cabbits side.
   Ryo-Ohki didn't look to well from the crash but she popped up and started

hissing at a person at the edge of the woods. Tenchi could see this person's

golden eyes. As he got closer he saw a cyan hair outline. "Ry-Ryoko? Who is
that?"
   Ryoko didn't answer. She looked very angry at whoever that guy was. As
the man stepped out of the shadows he looked exactly like Ryoko!
   Now Ryoko got really mad. She fired an orange energy ball that hit a
reflective shield.
   "Ryoko. It has been along time." The mystery man said.
   "Not long enough, Ryo." Ryoko replied. Tenchi saw she was very mad and
rather nervous too.
   "Come now Ryoko. Is that any way to treat your brother?"

To be continued in Episode 3!

Now, I know Ryoko wouldn't really be nervous to fight anybody but you'll
find
out why she is so scared of Ryo in the next Episode. I also kinda made the
cabbit-ship battle in this Episode rather dull. But any questions,comments,
or suggestions write to me at: RyokoStar1@aol.com.