Disclaimer-All Tenchi Muyo! Characters I do not own. They are strictly owned

by AIC and Pioneer. All other characters I do own so please ask me before
using them. Please enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo! Et-Al
       Episode #4:Washu's Secret

     The silver-hulled Ryo-ohki flew to the atmosphere and into space. Washu

just watched. It had been along time since she saw Ry-ohki. Or Ryo for that
matter.
     "Washu? Hey Little Washu?" Techi asked Washu.
     Why had Ryo come to Earth? Not just for the gems, no he had three...
Someone else wanted the gems. Not just Ryo... But who? It could only be-
     "Washu!" Tenchi yelled.
     "Eh? What? What do you want I'm trying to think here!" Washu replied
yelling back.
     "Ryoko's hurt! Don't you care? She says her regeneration system isn't
working. You gotta help Washu." Tenchi sounded some what worried.
     How could she just zone-out like that? On her greatest invention...
Maybe not her grewatest since Ryo just about killed her... But her
daughter...
     "I've got to get her to my lab Tenchi. I see you in a while," Washu
said as she teleported to her lab and took Ryoko with her.

     What was with Washu? She was always a little crazy but she just had
completly forgot what was going on. Tenchi scratched his short, black-haired

head. She had seemed worried about something...
     Maybe he shouldn't think about it. He had to see his grandfather,
Yosho.

     Yosho knew Tenchi was about to come and see him before he even started
up the steps to the shrine.
     "Come in, Tenchi," Yosho called when Tenchi knocked.
     Tenchi opened the door and sat down in front of Yosho. He started to
say something then, change his mind. "Grandpa, I know you fought Ryoko. Did
you by any chance know someone named Ryo?"
     Ryo? That named had seemed fimiliar. "No, Tenchi I don't know that name

from anywhere."
     "Well, he knew Washu... I guess I had better tell you what had
happened."
     Tenchi didn't need to but Yosho let him any way.

     By the time Tenchi had finished a whole hour and a half had gone by.
     "... and Washu seemed worried about something. Whaen I got her out of
her trance she was real mad about something."
     "Well... Maybe, we should see Washu about this. If you don't mind
joining me..."
     "Yeah, that sounds good to me," Tenchi replied without skipping a beat.

     Washu was flying over the keyboard of her holo-computer. Ryoko was
recovering, ever so slowly. How could she have forgotten about Ryoko back
there?
     It just wasn't right. Ryo was back... But why? Who sent him?
     It just hit her...
     Of course! Who else? She had been so thick headed-
     There was a knock on the door of her lab. "Can't you see I'm busy?!"
     "Its Katsuhito, Washu." Came Yosho's voice.
     He was probably here to find out who Ryo was. Even Mihoshi would've
figured it by now. Well, maybe not Mihoshi...
     "Come on in." Wshu replied.
     Tenchi and Yosho had come to see her. Great. Well best to go ahead and
tell them. "I assume your here to find out who Ryo is right?"
     "Yes, Washu. We want to know who he is. Why is he here?" Tenchi almost
said in a demanding voice.
     "Well, I guess I should tell you the whole story... From the top..."

     (Flshback)
     Washu was done with Ryoko, she was born. But... Kagato had her. And she

wanted Ryoko back. So Kagato wanted a new Ryoko. Someone more control-able.
A
male too. So Kagato joined Washu and Clay. Clay didn't like it at all but
didn't have a choice. Clay had the technology and Washu had the brain.
Kagato
would keep it all secret on board the Souja. Where everthing started, but
didn't stop.
     And another character, his name Orva, had three gems, he was going to
give them to Ryo. And Kagato would 'reward' them all by letting them live.
Orva was about an exact look-alike of Tenchi, except he didn't have the rat
tail.
     When Ryo was close to completion, Orva and Kagato had a huge fight.
Galaxy Police reports say that three planets mysteriously disapeared. Washu
knew how they had disapeared, she just wanted to know how Kagato and Orva
had
destroyed the three planets.
     But she stayed out of it. And Kagato was loosing. He wanted Ryo now.
Ryo wasn't ready but he demanded that Ryo be given to him. So Ryo was
released... Set loose are better words for it because he had an adult body,
he had a child's mind. He destroyed the lab he was created in without a
second thought. Almost killed Washu fin it too. Washu tried to protoect Ryo
for it but aws attacked by Kagato. Ryo not realizing his strength and went
berzerk. When it was all over Washu and Clay escaped and went back to their
'normal' lives for a time. But Kagato had captured Washu and Clay went
free...

     "So what happened to Ryo?" Tenchi asked. As if Wshu were telling  a
ghost story to a child.
     "From what I understand, Orva came back and found Ryo. He took Ryo
under his wing and promised that he'd help him find me if Ryo would kill
Ryoko and give the gems to Orva. Which is the whole reason Ryo was created,
to kill Ryoko and so Kagato would have a more controled pet."
     "Geez... thanks... 'Mom'..." came Ryoko's scratchy voice from the
med-rable.
     "I'm sorry Ryoko, I hadden't known that Ryo was made to destroy you
until Clay had programmed Ryo. I couldn't start over, Kagato wouldn't have
it. He wanted you deaed to take your gems."
     "Yeah... well..." Ryoko drifted back to unconciousness.
     Now you know who Ryo is and why he's here. Orva probably wants me too.
     "Don't worry Washu. We won't let him have you," Tenchi said in a
comforting voice.

     Not far away, in orbit around Earth's moon. A silver-hulled cabbit
craft flew toward the Endless Death. Ryo was on his way back. Orva wanted
him
to report on what he had found out. Orva did know one thing, Ryoko wasn't
dead... yet...

Notes-Okay, well that was a fun one. I like telling historical things like
that. Ryo has a nice past, no? A killing machine like Ryoko. Orva was just
someone I made up doodling in english class one day and I kinda assimilated
him into the series.

Remember, all comments, questions, suggestions, and critism go to
RyokoStar1@aol.com OR SciPirate@aol.com

Orv-wa