Disclaimer: All Tenchi Muyo! characters are strictly property of AIC and
Pioneer. I do not wished to be sued or have a lawsuit against me. All other
characters are mine and mine alone. Do not use them without my permission.

Now, the reason I call this Tenchi Muyo!Et-Al is because I believe that
Et-Al
is Latin for 'continued' or 'with others'. But I'm not sure so don't hold it

against me. Either way fits in my story. So please enjoy!

      TENCHI MUYO! ET-AL: EPISODE 1-TENCHI AND A NEW FOE

   Tenchi was no sure of where he was. It was just a completely empty city.
No cars, no people. what type of city doesn't have people in it? But as
Tenchi continued down this road he saw a black figure at the end of the
street. As he got closer he saw that this black figure had hair much similar

to that of Ryoko's. He also noted a small red jewel embedded in his right
wrist. It was apparent now that this was no Ryoko. But who was it?
   "I am-" spoke the black figure and without another breath Tenchi shot
upward in his bed.
   That was all a dream? A very odd dream. There was also something else
very odd as well: Ryoko's face was not coming out of a dimensional portal
like usual.
   Tenchi passed it off, almost. He opened his door to see Ryoko standing
there. But she wasn't. Where in the world was Ryoko?

   Ryoko was lying perfectly still on the couch. She wanted to surprise
Tenchi a little differently this morning. She heard Tenchi's bedroom door
open and close. Then she heard the bathroom door open.....then close. Now
was
her chance!
   She used her dimensional portal to stick her head through and she was
looking in the shower from the ceiling. She saw Tenchi step in and turn on
the water. She was perfectly still...
   When Tenchi grabbed the shampoo bottle and started to wash his hair, she
flew through the portal and grabbed him by the neck and
yelled,"Tenchiiiiii!!"

   Tenchi about jumped out of his skin and turned to face Ryoko. She was
standing in the shower with him even though she had her clothes on.
   "Ryoko! How many times have I told you I need my privacy? Can't I at
least take a shower alone?"
   "I know, I know but I couldn't resist it this morning. I had to give you
a good scare!"
   "Give it to me when I wake up then," Tenchi said as he stepped out of the

shower and put a towel around his waist. Then he opened the bathroom door
and
pointed for Ryoko to leave. Ryoko left, but first took a towel of her own to

dry her hair. She was half wet herself.
   When Ryoko had walked out and Tenchi was alone he said under his breath,
"God, Ryoko is a major pain sometimes."

   When Ayeka was walked from her and Sasami's room she saw Ryoko drying her

hair. She was on the couch and she asked, "Ryoko, why are you so wet? Did
you
take a shower this morning?"
   The cyan haired woman replied, "Yes, I did. With Tenchi."
   "Wh-What?!?!?! You and Tenchi?! Impossible! I refuse to believe it!"
   "Yep, that's right. Tenchi and I-"
   The princess of Jurai cut her off, "Don't say another word! You're lying!

Tenchi couldn't...have..." Could he?
   "Well, if you don't believe me just ask him yourself," The demon woman
challenged the princess.
   "Then...I w-will!" Ayeka stammered.

   Ryoko just love to piss-off Ayeka. It was funny to watch her stutter and
about cry every now and then. Ayeka would be pretty mad but what else was
new?

   At breakfast Washu noticed that Ayeka was not sitting by Tenchi and Ryoko

was. Kiyone and Mihoshi were missing but they were on patrol. Ayeka did seem

distressed about something and Ryoko was especially happy this morning.
   'What are you so happy about, Ryoko?' Washu asked through their mental
brain link.
   'Get out of my head Washu!!'
   'You should show respect for your mother, Ryoko.'
   'Go away!'
   'All I want is to know is the answer to that one question. Not that I
need you to tell me.'
   'Go away dammit!"

   Tenchi was rather worried about why it was so quiet at breakfast and why
Ayeka wasn't sitting next to him. Maybe it was so quiet because Kiyone and
Mihoshi weren't here. But it was all to quiet...

   Kiyone sat at her seat on board Yagami. Mihoshi was already asleep and
all seemed quiet until an alarm went off saying an unidentified ship was in
the area going extremely fast. To fast.
   Mihoshi started screaming, "Kiyone, what is happening?!"
   The blue haired Galaxy Police detective said, "An unidentified object is
approaching us at unbelievable speed."
   The it came in to radar range and Kiyone got a good look at it. It looked

like   Ryo-Ohki but with white/silver instead of black. What the heck?
   "Kiyone! Its charging weapons!"
   Kiyone hadn't even gotten a good look at it and it was already firing at
them!
   "Mihoshi raise Yagami's shield!"
   Then the cabbit-craft fire several glowing orange missiles. The missiles
hit Yagami before it got its shield all the way up. Explosions happened just

about every where on the bridge and the computer told Kiyone that three of
Yagami's four engines had been destroyed. The shield generator had also been

wasted.
   Then a voice came over the comm, "Galaxy Police stand down. I'll only
kill you if I must."
   Kiyone replied, "Who is this? Why have you attacked us?"
   "I have no time to talk. Now get out of my way or I'll blow you out of my

way."
   "Then you'll halve to blow us out of your way."
   "Fine."
   That person wasn't kidding either. He fired another glowing orange
missile barrage...

I hope that this is Tenchi Muyo! quality because this is my first fan fic
and
I hope to do more in the future. Any Questions, comments, or suggestions
E-mail me at RyokoStar1@aol.com