Disclaimer-All Tenchi Muyo! characters are srtrictly owned by AIC and
Pioneer. All other characters I do own, so please ask me before using them.

Notes- I'm not pusting an episode number for this fic because I forgot how
many I've done so far. I think I screwed up the episode number of Washu's
secret. So when I remember I'll write the numbers and see if I can't get
them
corrected and updated. Other than that do enjoy this FanFic.

Tenchi Muyo! Et-Al: The Pause

   Kiyone sat in the living room of the Misaiki house. All that had
transpired had been mind boggling. Tsunami showing up, that silver Ryo-ohki,

some guy named Orva. Tenchi had filled her in and other than Yosho, who was
at the shrine needless to say, were the only two awake at the late hour.
   So she thought at least until Tenchi came down the stairs, he was in his
night shirt and sweat pants. Kiyone was almost startled but she asked, "Hey
Tenchi, what are you doing up?"
   "I couldn't sleep. I was too busy thinking about all that has gone on."
   "Oh," was all Kiyone said as Tenchi walked to the front door and opened
it. He was probably going to get some fresh air. Kiyone could do with a
little herself. So she walked outside with Tenchi.
   "You know Kiyone, that Ryo guy, he looks exactly like the guy I've been
having in my dreams latly. Now Washu says he was created to kill Ryoko and
he's after her too."
   "I'll do whatever I can Tenchi. But I'm only one person becuase of
bubble-brain Mihoshi," Kiyone said criticly.
   "Yeah, Mihoshi worries me sometimes," was Tenchi's only reply.
   And Kiyone stood next to Tenchi. She spied the Onsen and decided thats
exactly what she needed. A nice hot soak. "Tenchi, I'm going to the Onsen if

you need me."
   "Okay, Kiyone."
   "And don't tell your father. I don't want Noboyuki spying on me," Kiyone
said in a firm voice hoping Tenchi got the message.
   "I want Kiyone."

   In space on board the Endless Darkness Orva sat and listened to what Ryo
said. Ryo was more than a match for Ryoko and Orva would've let him kill her

except for the fact that the boy, who looked much like himself without the
two black scars joining into one on his right cheek. The boy, Misaiki, had
two of the gems while Ryoko had only one. No wonder Ryo beat her so easily.
   But Orva sat in his blue velvet cushioned chair, and Ryo bowed totaly
moveless and emotionless.
   "You may leave now," Orva said and waved his hand.
   Ryo stood up and teleported to where ever. Now Orva had to watch the
house. See what it was like. What happened inside. Where Washu was. And
maybe
even a hostage?
   His two-dozen veiw creens floated in front of him showing him various
things about that house. Two things were missing, Ryoko and Washu. Probably
in some sudo-space labratory. Ot was typical of Washu. Always working, eh,
Washu?
   Then he spied something. In the floating hot spring, the Onsen, Orva
believed that's what it's called. The blue-haired one, alone in the Onsen.
Orva couldn't resist, blue was his favorite color in all the universe. He
had
to meet her. Nothing physical, he had no intentions for that. She'd probably

die in the end anyhow. So he watched her relax just for a minute more, then
he teleported to the Onsen.

   Kiyone enjoyed the hot water, it really calmed her nerves. With Mihoshi
always messin' around, and now this Ryo/Orva insident.
   She just let it all go... Just for a minute. She sat there in the Onsen,
no clothes, or towel as Ayeka liked it. But she did keep a towel just beside

her on the 'pool' side. And beside it was he blaster.
   But then she felt a cold chill... Her insticts told her not to stay where

she was and she didn't question them. She put on her towel and grabbed her
blaster. She never knew what to expect.
   "Hello Ms. Kiyone," a voice called from above and Kiyone looked up to see

a man that looked strikingly like Tenchi without a rat-tail and a v-shaped
black scar on his right cheek.
   "Who are you?" Kiyone demondeed, "And how long have you been floating
there?"
   "Long enough that your quick to draw a gun. It is really nice view from
up here you know Ms. Kiyone."
   Kiyone looked down and saw he was looking at her clevache. "You're a sick

pervert whoever you are," Then Kiyone realized she didn't know who this was.

   "Who are you anyways," Kiyone said more telling than asking.
   "I'll give you two guesses, but from what I've seen you'll only need
one."
   "Orva..."
   "You are smart, Detective First Class Kiyone," Orva replied and floated
down to the ground. Kiyone had her gun trained on him the whole time.
   "Stay where you are, Orva. Under code 23-96-b of Galaxy Police Private
code, you have voilated a Galaxy Police Officer's privacy. You are under
arrest for spying and being a Peeping-Tom."
   But Orva step forward again and again until her was right in front of
Kiyones gun. She had the gun pointed in-between Orva's eyes.
   "Shoot," Orava said and without skipping a beat Kiyone pulled the trigger

and the blue super heated laser flew through Orva's head and he disappeared
in black smoke.
   Kiyone did a round house kick and Orva blocked it with his right hand. If

he hadn't, her kick would've knocked his head loose. Then Orva's eyes
widened
somewhat and he said, "Rather nice, Miss Kiyone."
   That was it. Kiyone was pisssed. He was first spying on her and now he
had a clear view down her towel. She spun and her other foot caught Orva
across the face.
   He fell back ward and turned it into a roll. He stood up and said, "Well
I've seen all I want to see."
   "And what was that?!" Kiyone, already knowing the answer, yelled at him.
   "Your fighting skills. That towel thing was an accident. Please forgive
me that was not my intention when I came. I just wanted to introduece
myself."
   With that Orva disappeared and Kyone stood there, gun still cluched in
her hand. She couldn't believe what at just happened. Some introduction.
Like
thats all he came to see, her fighting skills.

Notes-Well, I kinda liked that one. I thought it would be nice for a little
comedy in there(if you thought it was funny). So you have some more insight
on Orva. One thing I forgot to address last time. I call Tenchi grandfather
Yosho because, in my oppinion, it sound better than Katsohito. I spell that
wrong alot too.

All comments, questions, suggestions, and critisim go to RyokoStar1@aol.com
OR SciPirate@aol.com

Orv-wa(<----someone tell me how to spell that)
