Disclaimer: I own none of the Tenchi Muyo! Characters other than Ryo and
Orva. So lease do not sue me or put up any form of lawsuit.

Tenchi Muyo! Et-Al Episode 7: Intermission

The fight at the Miasaki home went well, other than the fact that Ryoko
regain consciousness and had some newfound power and gave a scar to Orva's
most prized possession: Ryo. The male clone of Ryoko.

Space, an endless black. Almost. Stars are like the souls of people some
would say, but stars were just lights. Nothing special. Besides they all
burned out anyway. That's what Washu was realizing, she was starting to burn
out of existence. In two ways really, at the Miasaki house and in her life
itself. At her lab she continually worked, never stopping, never caring.
Never caring to stop other than to eat or unless some universal maniac was
on the loose. And here in this place, a blue walled room... She new she had
to be in Orva's hideout, or wherever.
Then the door to her left opened and a familiar face stood there. Orva. He
smiled and said, "Well Washu. Are you enjoying your stay?"
"No," she said as she stood up, "but I guess I don't have a choice."
"Not really. Just try to relax. But before you do, take a look at this." He
tossed a datachip on the floor and it slid and stopped at Washu's feet. She
picked it up and looked at it quizicly. "It's a schematic."
A console emerged from the wall and it had a slot where she could put the
chip. Then Orva left saying one last thing, "Look at it and tell me what I'm
doing wrong." Then he was gone and it was Washu alone in this blue room.

Ayeka walked out to Tenchi. He was sitting on the porch with his work
clothes on. He had just gotten back from working in the carrot fields. She
sent Azaka and Kamedake to escort him. She feared too much for him she
thought, but it was the only thing she new to do.
The fight from the night before was all too terrifying. She remembered
waking up because of an explosion. At first she thought it was Washu in her
lab but soon realized it was that Ryo monster. She wasn't sure who she hated
more, Ryo for trying to kill Tenchi, or Ryoko for trying to steal him away
from her.
She got close to Tenchi and asked, "Lord Tenchi, are you hurt too badly?"
"No, I'm okay Ayeka. Just worried about Washu."
Ayeka realized that Tenchi was hurt, just not physically. Mentally, he
somehow felt he failed for letting Washu get taken right out from under his
nose.
"We will get Washu back you know," Ayeka said not having much confidence in
her own words.

Ryoko sat on the top of the tool shed watching Tenchi and Ayeka talk. It
made her so irritated that Ayeka was just talking to him and she couldn't do
anything about it. Tenchi had asked her not to but in on their
conversations. All she could do was sit there and watch.
After what seemed to be eternity Ayeka left and went inside. Now Ryoko could
hop on over to Tenchi and not have to worry about him yelling at her.
But...What to say? For once in her life Ryoko felt a loss of words. But she
went over to Tenchi anyway.
"Uh...Tenchi?"
"Yes, Ryoko?"
"I just wanted to say..." She felt a lump in her throat,"I'll do what ever I
can to protect you."
"I will too, Ryoko."
Ryoko again, not knowing what to say floated off. She felt somewhat stupid.

Washu sat, onboard the ship Orva called the Endless Death, or Endless
Darkness, because of the ship having a dual-dimension warp. He seemed to
love that, have everything spilt in a dimension.
But the schematics Washu was looking at was very not Orva, it was somekind
of dimensional destruction machine. Why did he want to destroy this
dimension? Or some other dimension? Orva just didn't do things because he
was bored, he did it all for a reason. But controlling the universe was not
what he has in mind either.
Washu, however, did find what was wrong with this weapon. It had an unstable
core and a to large power-output. It was a pity, he was so stupid. She could
put in false schematics and end up killing Orva... And every other living
thing in this dimension...

Notes-I don't really have much to say. Just any comments, questions,
suggestions, or criticism email me at RyokoStar1@aol.com

Au-Revior