This is a "What if" story.  My interpretation of the characters may be different 
from everyone else's so please don't sue me.  This story takes place right before Kagato 
attacks.  I figured I'd add a little twist to it.  These characters, with the exception of 
Melody and the other students of the US Embassy, aren't mine; I'm just borrowing them 
for a little while.


"Tenchi!"  Grandpa shouted out from the temple steps.  He looked around 
silently, his hands on his hips softly muttering to himself, "Where is that boy?"  He shook 
his head quietly and then turned to the young woman standing beside him.  "He'll be 
along in a moment.  Let's get you settled in your room and then I'll have him take you to 
the house to get a bite to eat.  The trip must have been incredibly exhausting for you, 
Melody-san."
	The woman bowed her head respectively to Grandpa and smiled, "Thank you, sir.  
I really do appreciate your allowing me to stay here while I attend school.  My original 
exchange family moved out and didn't tell the Embassy, so I truly am grateful of your 
hospitality."  
	Grandpa couldn't help but grin a little at Melody.  *Now here's a girl after my own 
heart.*  "Well, come along."  Melody picked up her large army sized tote bag over her 
shoulder and followed him to the living quarters of the temple.  She looked around 
silently with a curiosity.  Her dark blue eyes sparkled in the autumn daylight, and the 
breeze tugged softly at her waist length brown hair that was pulled neatly away from her 
face.  Grandpa couldn't help but noticed that she was rather short for her eighteen years, 
but that she was definitely a woman with her curves and that she was very muscularly 
built.  
	He slid open the door to reveal a small, quaint room with a futon, pillow, and 
blankets.  It also had a small table in the middle of the room with several cushions 
surrounding it, a desk and chair in the corner, and a walk in closet.  There wasn't a lot of 
color to the room at all, but to Melody, it was all she wanted.  
	"This is great." She breathed softly.  She walked to the window and slid it open 
to get a look at the view.  She smiled happily and looked to Grandpa.  She forgot herself 
for a moment and ran over to him, hugging him.  She blushed intensely when she 
remembered Japanese custom and back off bowing to him low and respectively.  "Um...I 
mean, thank you."  
	Grandpa couldn't help but smile at this young woman's spirit.  He nodded his 
head to her.  "I'm glad you like it.  When Tenchi comes, I'll tell him to escort you to the 
house.  Until then, you can make yourself at home."  Grandpa smiled and walked out of 
her room, leaving her to her thoughts.
	Melody smiled after the old man, and looked at closet.  She shrugged and started 
to unpack all her clothes, either hanging them up in the closet, or storing them on the top 
shelf.  When she got to the school uniform that the US Embassy had issued her though, 
she hung it up and left it on the doorknob.  After her clothes were all taken care of, she 
pulled a laptop from her bag and set it out on the desk, along with several textbooks that 
she had bought over the years.  
	In a short amount of time she had unpacked everything from her bag with the 
exception of three things.  She gave out a soft sigh as she pulled out an old stuffed bear.  
It was threadbare with one of the eyes missing from it, and was wearing a shirt with a 
peculiar logo on it.  She quietly hugged it to her chest before setting it down by the pillow 
on her futon.  She pulled out an old quilt that had obviously been hand sewn.  The colors 
on it had faded some but she still smiled as she spread it out over her futon.  The very last 
thing she unpacked was wrapped carefully in a green silk cloth.  She ever so gently 
unwrapped the cloth from its contents, a picture.  
	The picture was a black and white photo of two young children, that couldn't 
have been over the age of four, celebrating a birthday that was shared between them.  
They both had handfuls of cake and were smiling with pure happiness.  She softly 
whispered to the picture, stroking the face of the spiky haired child, "I miss you a lot my 
friend.  Maybe someday we'll cross paths again."
	"Um...Excuse me?"  A voice called out from the door.
		"Huh?"  Melody's head snapped up, her eyes seeming to flicker in the 
light.  She set the picture on the nightstand by her bed.  Her eyes rested on the boy 
standing in her doorway.  She didn't find him particularly attractive but she didn't have a 
problem admitting he was easy on the eyes.  His black hair was short, his brown eyes 
were warm, and his tanned skin accented it all.   *He's cute, but I'm not going to give up 
Buddy for him.  Then again I wouldn't give up Buddy for anyone.*  She smiled to him 
politely as she stood up, and bowed her head politely.  "Sorry, I was just finishing 
unpacking.  Hope I haven't kept you waiting?" 
	"Wow, you don't take long to get settled, huh?"  The boy smiled, rubbing the 
back of his head with a laugh.  
	Melody chuckled.  "You must be Tenchi.  It's a pleasure to meet you."
		"I see Grandpa told you about me."  Tenchi grimaced a bit.  "He was kind 
of mad at me for taking so long to get here.  I was having...family problems."  
	Melody just smiled.  "Yeah, he did.  He told me you would escort me to your 
house for dinner.  Is that offer still up?"
	"Um...yeah, I guess."  Tenchi smiled sheepishly.  *Oh man, I hope this girl won't 
hit on me like the others do.  Last thing I need is for more fights to break out.  I wonder 
how the other girls will take her?* 
	"Lead the way then."  Melody said as she waited for him to lead.

	"Where's Tenchi?  He's late."  Sasami mumbled worriedly as she set the food out 
on the table.  
	"I heard Grandpa shouting his name.  He'll probably be along after a while, 
Sasami."  Ayeka smiled to her little sister reassuringly, as she took her place at the table.  
	"How do you know Grandpa was calling for him, Princess?  You haven't been 
spying on Tenchi have you?"  Ryoko baited.  She eyed Ayeka through her golden feline 
shaped eyes as she sipped her tea.
	Ayeka blushed brilliantly and glared at Ryoko.  "No!  These mountains echo quite 
clearly.  I'm not like you, you filthy pirate."  Ayeka growled slightly.
	Mihoshi whined softly, "Please don't start again you two.  Dinner hasn't even 
started yet and you two are already insulting each other.  Can't we all just get along?"  
	Grandpa walked to the table in his silent reverence and looked to Sasami.  
"Sasami, my dear, would you set another place at the table?  We have a new table guest 
with us, and shall be with us for the remaining school year."  
	"Of course, Grandpa!  Who is it?  When is she coming?  I'm so glad I made 
plenty of food."  Sasami bubbled.  
	"She'll be along with Tenchi in a moment.  She's an exchange student from 
America and will be studying here for her final year."  Grandpa spoke calmly.  "She'll be 
staying up at the temple with me, since the Embassy requested for me to house her." 
	"That's wonderful, Father.  It'll be nice to have another young lady around the 
house."  Nouboyuki grinned.   
	Ryoko and Ayeka both frowned slightly as they heard this news.  Some other 
woman was walking with Tenchi down to the house at this very moment.  
	*Rats.*  Ryoko thought.  *It's bad enough I have Ayeka and Mihoshi here with me, 
but now this other girl is also going to compete with my feelings for Tenchi.* 
	*This is a most unpleasant turn of events.  It's bad enough that Ryoko hangs on 
Tenchi all the time and Mihoshi is crushing over him, but now I have another girl trying 
to take him away.*  Ayeka thought.  
	Suddenly the door, slid open and the entire group, excluding Grandpa, looked at 
the entrance to try to catch a glimpse of the newcomer.  Tenchi walked through the door 
and smiled to everyone sheepishly, "Sorry, we're late."  
	Melody walked in right behind him, her dark blue eyes resting on the group.  The 
color in her cheeks heightened a little bit when she realized everyone was staring at her.  
She bowed deeply in respect towards them.  "Sorry...I didn't mean to be late for my first 
meal here.  Please, don't think me rude."  
	Tenchi smiled and motioned to where Melody could sit, between Sasami and 
Mihoshi, before he addressed the group. "This is Melody.  She's staying here from 
Washington D.C. over in America."   He looked to Melody as she took her seat.  He 
introduced everyone at the table.  "This is my father, Nouboyuki, and this is Ryoko, 
Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and you've already met Grandpa." 
	Melody smiled shyly, "It's a pleasure to meet you all."  A sharp "Miya!" caught 
Melody's attention.  She followed the sound to its source, a small cat/rabbit creature.  She 
smiled and reached down to scratch the furry critter under her chin.  "And who's this 
cutie?"
	"Oh, that's Ryo-Ohki."  Tenchi said as he sat down, smiling as he watched the 
cabbit roll her head towards Melody's fingers with almost a purring noise.   Melody 
giggled softly and that seemed to break the ice for everyone.  Pretty soon, everyone was 
eating contently and asking Melody questions about her home, which she was more than 
happy answer.  
	Ayeka instantly threw away all misconceptions of Melody when she found how 
polite she was.  Melody had better manners than even some people in her royal court and 
seemed to have a charming personality.  She would answer the questions that everyone 
asked without a hint of bragging at all, and when she asked for seconds she made sure 
everyone else was okay with it.  She and I are going to get along just fine.  She is 
definitely a cultured woman with a lot of ideals.  Luckily, she doesn't seem to have much 
of an interest in Tenchi.   
	Ryoko wasn't so sure about his woman right away.  She didn't care for the way 
Tenchi was continually asking questions of her home and the nonchalant way she'd 
respond to them.  She seemed to have Ayeka's table manners, although she did eat more 
and eat a little faster than the Princess did, along with modesty Ayeka had.  The more 
Ryoko actually listened to what Melody said though, the more she realized that she 
wasn't bragging about it at all, but stating the flat out truth.  What's more, she didn't 
seem like she had any singular interest in Tenchi.  This made her feel better and she too 
started to get into the conversation.  "So is this your first time abroad, Melody?"
	Melody seemed a little startled when Ryoko asked her a question, but she smiled 
softly to the cyan haired woman.  "No, this is my sixth consecutive year abroad."
	"Sixth?"  Sasami asked.  "Don't you miss your family at all?"
		Melody seemed to wince, as if scolding herself for allowing the subject to 
move to here.  She looked down and nodded softly, "Very much."
	"Sasami, perhaps we shouldn't dwell on this subject any longer." Ayeka 
suggested as she watched Melody's reaction. 
	"No, it's okay."  Melody smiled reassuringly as she looked to Sasami.  "I lost my 
family a very long time ago...and so the US Embassy put me in a program with five 
other student to go around to different countries to study."  
	Sasami nodded, trying to keep from frowning when she heard the part about her 
parents.  "So.where all have you been?"
	Relieved to get off that subject, Melody smiled.  "Well, I've been to France, 
England, Spain, South Africa, Brazil, and now I'm here."  
	"Wow, you must really have to study hard to learn all those languages."  
Nouboyuki gawked.  
	"I guess so.  I won't deny that it is difficult, and sometimes I feel like I get my 
words mixed up, but as long as I'm understood, I'm happy.  It's not so much the language 
I'm worried about as the customs.  I'm always afraid I'm going to do something to insult 
someone."  Melody confessed with a sheepish grin.
	
	After dinner, Sasami and Ayeka cleaned up after convincing Melody that she 
didn't have to help.  Grandpa and Nouboyuki continued to sit at the table, discussing 
philosophy over tea.  Tenchi went to work on his homework, Mihoshi resumed reading 
her romance magna, and Ryoko resided by the television skimming through the channels.  
	"The Mummy is on channel 43 if you want to watch it.  It's supposed to be pretty 
good and the star is a hottie."  Ryoko looked to her side as Melody took a seat beside her.  
Melody pulled a box of cookies out of the backpack she carried down with her.  "You 
like Oreo's?"  
	Ryoko couldn't help but raise a brow.  This girl hasn't even known her for more 
than a few hours and she was acting like she and her were friends already.  "Um...yeah, 
sure.  Channel 43, right?" 	
	"Yeah, if you want to watch it.  Buddy told me it was awesome, but he has a 
slight tendency to blow things out of proportion."  Melody smiled.  
Ryoko shrugged and switched the station to 43.  She took an Oreo and nibbled on 
it as the opening credits started to play through.  "So who is Buddy?"
Melody couldn't help but blush a little.  "Just a guy in the group I've been 
traveling with."  
"Just a guy, huh?"  Ryoko teased when she saw the color rise in Melody's cheek.  
To her surprise Melody giggled with her and smiled. 
"Yeah, just SOME guy." They laughed together and settled in for the movie.  
	The sounds of Ryoko and Melody laughs and gasps, drew other people 
into the room as they watched the movie.  The Oreos were passed around for everyone's 
enjoyment and the whole gang enjoyed the movie.  Occasionally, Ryoko or Melody 
would share a joke with one another and snicker.  
Ayeka frowned a bit, wondering what a cultured and dignified girl like Melody 
could see in a dirty old space pirate like Ryoko.  She nibbled politely on her cookie as she 
watched the television silently.  She thought it would be best not to make an issue of it in 
front of her.  Grandpa couldn't help but smile a little when he saw Ryoko and Melody building 
a friendship.  *This is very good for the both of them.  Ryoko really needs someone she can 
talk to on a one to one basis without fear of rejection, and Melody.is practically in the 
same boat, come to think of it.*   He turned his head to watch the two of them whisper 
amongst themselves.  His eyes seem to soften a bit as the scene forces his memory 
back...700 years ago.

	"Wow!  That was a great movie!"  Ryoko exclaimed as she stretched.  "You're 
friend Buddy was right about it."
	"Yup, I guess he was."  Melody smiled.  "I'll tell him he has good taste tomorrow 
when I see him at school."  She yawned and looked to Grandpa.  "Are you staying here a 
little longer?  If you are I can go on ahead by myself.  I remember the way."
	Grandpa nodded.  "I'm coming too.  These old bones are ready to retire for the 
night.  Good night everyone."  
	"Night."  Melody chimed in right before they stepped out.  
---------------------------------
	That night, Ryoko tossed and turned in her sleep with her reoccurring nightmare 
racking through her head.  Kagato was forcing her to attack the Juraian Empire and the 
sights, sounds and smells never failed to come back and haunt her.  The nightmare led to 
where it usually did with her and Yosho, Ayeka's brother, fighting.  Yosho captured her 
and took her to the cave to lock her in it.
******"Put my friend down, you Juraian bastard!"  Growled a young voice.  Yosho 
turned with the powerless Ryoko in his arms.  Ryoko's eyes were back to their normal 
color showing she was the one inhabiting her own mind once again.  She couldn't move 
though, because of the spell Tenchi-ken put on her.  She couldn't help but watch the 
woman finding her strikingly familiar.
	"Who are you, and what right do you have to speak to a Prince like that?"  Yosho 
growled back.  He stared at the woman a moment.  Her brown hair was so long that even 
with her hair pulled up in a braid it still reached her ankles.  Angry blue eyes flickered at 
Yosho with a bitterness no words could describe.  
Ryoko wasn't positive but she could swear she saw bits of lightning moving 
through the woman's eyes.  The woman had bruising and cuts covering her body, and she 
looked as if she had been through hell and back.  Her clothes, however, described 
otherwise.  She wore the blue and white robes of a Priestess of Tsunami and they 
appeared to shimmer in the moonlight.  Even the mark of Tsunami was clear to her. 
Ryoko couldn't help but think of her as an Angel of Mercy.  Yosho didn't think like she 
did obviously.  
"You can't lock her up for a deed she didn't commit.  It was all Kagato's doing!"  
The woman yelled at him.  "She was his pawn."
	"Yes, I know, and that's why I am locking her up.  This cave is spiritually 
shielded, so Kagato won't be able to find her.  I don't want to do it, but it's the only way 
to insure her safety as well as our own."  Yosho explained calmly, before giving her a 
suspicious look.  "How do you know so much about Kagato and Ryoko anyway?"
	The woman lowered her light sword and extinguished it.  She looked down at her 
feet and let out a soft depressing sigh, "Because.I was his pawn too."  She looked at 
Ryoko remorsefully as a tear slipped down her cheek past a long, deep scar that went 
down the side of her face. "And we were both put through unspeakable tortures..."*****  
	Ryoko sat up with a gasp.  Her eyes were wide and her breath was fast as she 
went over the last few moments of her dream.  She softly whispered to herself, 
"Why.didn't I remember that before?"  She closed her eyes as tears welded up in her 
eyes.  She vanished from her favorite beam and reappeared in front of Tenchi's bedroom 
door.  
	*There's not a chance he'll let me stay in his room with him.* Ryoko thought 
silently.  She stood there for a moment, wondering why she should even bother waking 
him, but she finally gave into her loneliness and knocked on the door.  The sound of 
Tenchi getting to his feet forced Ryoko's heart to quicken.  She felt a tear slip down her 
cheek unwanted.  *Now he's going to think I'm a wimp.  Way to go, Ryoko.* 
	Tenchi slid open his door and stared at Ryoko for a moment.  He didn't think that 
Ryoko was the knocking type.  "Um...Hi Ryoko.  What's up?"  He frowned slightly 
when the light reflected off her cheek and he could see the tear drop.  "Why don't you 
come in and sit down?"  He asked softly.
	"Really?"  Ryoko asked in disbelief.  She would have tackled him and hugged 
him under normal circumstances but the horrors and confusion of the nightmare still had 
a grasp on her.  She nodded her head thankfully as she walked inside, sitting on the edge 
of his bed.  
	This shocked Tenchi greatly.  He looked at Ryoko and sat down on the other end 
of his bed.  "What's wrong Ryoko?"
	Ryoko opened her mouth, but closed it again without making a sound.  *Are you 
really ready to tell him the horrors you've been through Ryoko?  About the horrible 
things you've done without meaning to do them?  Are you ready to tell him that you're a 
cold-blooded murderer?*  She shivered a bit and looked at him.  "It's...nothing.  I'm sorry 
Tenchi, I shouldn't have bothered you."  She stood up to leave.  
	Tenchi grasped her wrist firmly but gently.  "Are you going to be okay?"  He 
asked worriedly.  
	Ryoko felt the tears in her eyes well up again and she fought them back bitterly.  
She nodded faintly, "I'll be fine."  She teleported from his grasp to the roof overhead.  It 
was going to be a long night, once again.
	Tenchi crawled back into bed, unable to sleep so he just lied there awake 
wondering what got into Ryoko.
------------------------------
	Early the next morning, after helping Grandpa out with some chores, Melody was 
walking down to the Masaki house.   She had her school bag tucked under one arm and 
her uniform tucked under the other.  She wanted to get a bath before she changed for 
school.  She was still in her flannel pajama bottoms and white undershirt as she walked 
into Tenchi's house.  Grandpa told her to go ahead and go inside instead of waiting for 
someone to answer the door.  She was going to be a part of the family for a while 
anyway.  
	Ryoko looked down from her beam and hopped down from it.  Tenchi had 
requested that no one use any powers whatsoever when Melody was there.  He didn't 
want her to get freaked out.  Ryoko and Ayeka agreed to it.  
	Melody looked up and smiled at Ryoko.  "Hey Ryoko.  Am I too late for 
breakfast?" 
	"Nah, Sasami's not quite done with it yet.  You still have about an hour before it's 
ready."  Ryoko replied quietly.  
	"Oh good.  I have time to get a bath.  Um, where's the onsen?"  
		"Right this way."  Smiled Ryoko.  She couldn't wait to see Melody's face 
when she saw the size of the bath.  
--------------------------------------
	"Yes.  Looks like you haven't totally worn out your purpose Ryoko.  How you 
managed to get the Crowned Prince of Jurai as well as the Crowned Princess and her 
sister here though, is beyond me."  Kagato said aloud to himself.  He studied the scanners 
on his ship to see who was with Ryoko so he could plan his assault.  He looked over the 
redheaded figure that was lock up in crystalisis and smiled.  "Your little humanoid and 
you will be in the same situation soon enough."  
	He turned his head back to the screen and narrowed his eyes as he saw a brown 
haired woman walking beside Ryoko into the onsen.  *It couldn't be, could it?*  He 
watched the girl a little more closely as she climbed into the bath.  *No.  One, she doesn't 
have the scar on her right cheek.  Two, she's not showing nearly as much grace.*  Kagato 
seemed to let out a breath of relief.  
	"Well.  I'll just go ahead and pay Ryoko and Princess Ayeka a little visit."
	Melody listened to Ayeka, Ryoko, and Mihoshi talk about Tenchi from across the 
bath.  She'd shake her head from time to time with a soft smile, continuing to listen to 
them going on and on about who loves Tenchi more.  She yawned softly and soaked in 
the heat of the tub, finding it to be just what she needed to relax her body while her mind 
took an opposite route.  
	The sound of breaking glass from over head made all of the girls look up.  A dark 
and sinister voice laughed from a glowing green ball.  From the glowing ball, Kagato 
stepped out, "Well, well, well.  Well done, Ryoko.  You managed to capture the 
Princess." 
	"Kagato."  Ryoko growled as she covered up and leaped out of the water, phasing 
into her red and black combat suit.  Ayeka and Mihoshi screamed as they bombarded 
Kagato with anything they could get their hands on screaming, "Pervert!"
	Melody found herself frozen in place as a horde of unwanted memories racked 
through her mind.  She watched without blinking as Ryoko tried to make a break for it, 
but Kagato struck her down with a bolt of electricity.  That was the sight that snapped her 
out of her trance and she snarled angrily as she stood up running across the water trying 
to tackle Kagato from behind, but all she hit was the wood floor as Kagato disappeared 
from sight.  "Damn it!"  She screamed as she struck her fist into the wood.  
	Ayeka watched Melody for a moment in shock.  Sasami and Tenchi who walked 
in right before Kagato disappeared stared at Mihoshi as she pressed the button on her 
wrist watch.  "This time it's for real.  A ruthless and brutal criminal, Kagato!"  

----------------------------------
	Melody stood behind the group, her arms folded over her chest in attempts to 
keep her emotions from surfacing.  She stared at the tree silently, knowing that it was 
really a spaceship, once upon a time.  She watched as the group surrounded it and 
Mihoshi pulling her GP Blaster from its holster.  
	"Come out you vicious criminal!"  Mihoshi cried.  As she requested Kagato 
appeared and smiled sadistically.  
	"Well, so good of you to bring out the welcoming committee.  I assure you, I 
won't stay long."  He looked to Ayeka.  "Princess Ayeka.  Why don't we go somewhere, 
say, more private so we can get to know one another a little better?"
	Ayeka turned her head away in disgust as Mihoshi responded.  "You're in 
violation of Galaxy Police Code 434 Section B.  This planet is under my jurisdiction."
	The more Melody continued to hear, the angrier she got.  She watched Mihoshi 
fire at Kagato with failure.  *How Tenchi started attacking Kagato and how Ryoko had 
been turn against Tenchi.  How dare he?  That stupid bastard is going to get what's 
coming to him.*  She bared her teeth angrily as she watched the way Kagato used Ryoko 
to put a death grip on Tenchi.  This is it no turning back down.  She was about to throw 
her cover when Kagato started to reach for Tenchi-ken and the sword moved from his 
grasp to Grandpa.  She stood there and lowered her arms to her sides muttering softly, 
"Bout time, Yosho." 
	Grandpa looked at her as if trying to say Patience is a virtue.  Grandpa returned 
his eyes to Kagato and smirked, "Playing with something that isn't yours?"  Melody 
stood off to the side silently as she watched Yosho fight with Kagato and then Ryoko.  
Melody gasped when she saw Yosho cut off Ryoko's hand.  She ran forward and 
knelt by Ryoko in that water pool, holding her head in her lap.  Kagato saw this and gave 
the two a disgusted look.  Melody ignored the two as they continued their skirmish, 
patting Ryoko's face gently.  She knew that Ryoko could regenerate the hand but she was 
still worried because that was her only gem.  She propped Ryoko up against the tree as 
she saw Tenchi-ken fly into the tree.  She snickered a bit as Kagato tried to grab it and 
got electrocuted.
Kagato glared at the small girl and recognized her from the screen.  "What are 
you laughing at you rotten little pipsqueak?"  
Melody laughed a little harder, "You are, Kagato.  I'm surprised you don't 
recognize me but then again I don't look like I used to I suppose."  Melody stood up from 
the waters and eyed the confused Kagato.  She raised her arms up to the air and started to 
sing.Ayeka, Yosho, and Sasami recognized the song instantly as an old Juraian hymn.  
Ayeka, however, was the only one out of them who reacted when they saw Melody float 
up in the air a couple of feet and start to glow.  The glow was so intense that everyone, 
even Kagato had to shield his or her eyes from the light.  When the light faded, Melody 
had definitely changed.  Her dark blue eyes flickered as if they had little lightning bolts 
moving through them.  Her hair had grown considerably and was dangling a little below 
her feet in a braid as she hovered in the air, and her school uniform had been replaced 
with white and blue priestess robes that looked as if they were created from moonlight 
itself.  She was absolutely stunning with the exception of one long scar moving down her 
right cheek.  Sasami smiled to herself as she whispered, "Nice to see you again, Priestess 
Melody."
	Kagato's eyes widened as he gazed upon Melody.  Kagato wasn't the only one 
staring at her.  Tenchi, Ryoko, Mihoshi, Ayeka, and Nouboyuki were staring at her.  
Yosho and Sasami, however, were watching Kagato's face change from surprise, then 
fear, and then anger.  Kagato drew his energy sword and started charging her.  Melody 
drew Tenchi-ken from the tree with one swift movement and held the sword up to block 
him with ease.  
	"What!?  How do you have the power to use the master key!?"  Growled Kagato.  
"Only members of Jurai Royal Family must be able to possess that power."  
	`"I'm using this on behalf of Tsunami, so technically I'm working for her will."  
Smirked Melody.  She swiped the sword at him swiftly, missing him by a few inches but 
she drove forward.  She growled determinedly.  "You're not going to put Ryoko through 
that hell again.  You're not going to touch me ever again and when I'm through with you 
I'm going to go to your ship and set all your prisoners free!"  She snarled with every 
word.  
	Kagato was backed into a corner and Melody held the sword to his throat.  "Any 
last requests?"  She spat at him.
	"Just one." He clenched his fist and Melody heard a strangled gasp as Ryoko 
felt a surge of electricity rack her body.  "Back off or your friend dies."  
	Melody growled and tossed the sword to the side.  "You fight dirty to the end."  
She stepped back and narrowed her eyes.  Kagato laughed as Ryoko floated to him.  He 
tucked her under his arm.  He looked to Tenchi, "If you want her back, you'll have to 
duel me for her.  Oh and bring that sword of yours."  He looked to Melody who had her 
head hung in defeat.  "Don't feel too bad, you know you wouldn't have been able to 
win."  He grabbed her by the front of her robes and forced a kiss on her, before throwing 
her to the ground and vanishing.  
	Tenchi, Ayeka, Mihoshi, Nouboyuki, and Sasami surrounded Melody and helped 
her up as she coughed and gagged at the kiss Kagato gave her.  Ayeka bristled a bit 
before looking at Yosho.  "You're my brother!"  She tackled him with tears in her eyes.  
Yosho grimaced a bit and looked down.  "Well.I guess now you know the 
truth."  
	Melody watched the reunion between Ayeka and Yosho and smiled softly as the 
truth was finally spread.  *You thought you could hide from them, eh Yosho?  Well, I'm 
glad that she finally knows the truth now.  Your family needed to know that you were 
alive and well.  She looked at Tenchi and smiled softly.  Your grandson also needs to 
know of his royal heritage.  The young crowned prince shouldn't be left in the dark 
forever.*  Melody let out a soft sigh as she walked to the lake, her head down in thought.  
Sasami was the only one who saw her go.  

Melody was staring at the lake solemnly as she thought about the events that just 
transpired.  "Oh, Ryoko.  I've failed you again." She drew a cross over her chest and 
sighed with her head hanging down.  "You're my best friend...right up there with 
Tsunami, and I've failed you once again."  A few tears streamed down her cheeks.  *Since 
we were kids, you've always been a friend to me.  I remember how you defended me when 
the other kids at the Academy would tease or make fun of me because I was so small and 
puny, and you would always come to my rescue.  We'd play together and I'd invite you to 
stay over when your mom had meetings with the other members of the Academy.  Mom 
and Gemma would bake us cookies and we'd build tents and stuff out of my furniture.  
When Mom and Gemma died, you and Nana took me in.  We were like sisters, and the 
best of friends...even when Kagato kidnapped you.  I watched in horror at the things he 
forced you to do.  He turned me into his personal slave to tend to his every need that 
didn't require a lot of brute strength...a lot of them I don't want to remember.  I wish I 
could have brought you with me from that hellhole when Buddy helped me escape.  You 
were on Jurai though...being forced to destroy part of the planet. I still pretty beaten up 
from Kagato's last run at me, and by some miracle of Tsunami, I survived and had the 
strength to watch for a chance to help you in anyway I could.  When I saw Ryo-Ohki 
being pursued to this planet by Funaho, I hurried as fast as I could to stop you and 
Prince Yosho from fighting.  When I got there he was about to lock you in that cave and I 
begged him to have mercy.he told me it was the only way.  I went away to a distant 
planet after that.I couldn't bare to stay on that planet and not be able to comfort you in 
some way.  I spent a solid week meditating and praying for a sign of what to do.  Buddy 
didn't leave my side throughout this time.he stayed right there and prayed with me.  I 
think you would like him.   Anyway...after that week Tsunami came to me...she told me 
how I should spend my time...and here I am now after listening to her.  I'll find a way to 
rescue you, my dearest friend...I promise.*  
Melody lifted her head when she heard Ryo-Ohki coming.  She looked down at 
the small cabbit that was meowing frantically.  She smiled softly and nodded, "Okay, 
little one.  Let's get to work."  She raised her hands to the lake, her eyes set in a sudden 
determination.  She grunted as bubbles started rising to the surface of the water at an 
increasing rate.  Ryo-Ohki miyaed and growled as she prepped herself for the joining 
process.  Suddenly, Ryu-Oh's battered form rose from the bottom of the lake and Ryo-
Ohki leaped into the air to merge with the Juraian ship as one.
	 Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Tenchi stood behind her.  Sasami just smiled her 
innocent child's smile while the others gazed upon Melody in awe.  Melody turned to 
face them, her face firm, "I'm going to go save Ryoko.  Who's coming with me?"
	"I am."  Tenchi stated as he stepped forward.  He was holding Tenchi-ken in his 
right hand and was gripping it tightly.  
	"Me too."  Mihoshi chimed in.  "After all it is my duty as a Galaxy Police Officer.  
I'm going to put Kagato in his place!"  She smiled and tucked her blaster in its holster.  
	Ayeka stepped forward slightly, "Well, since you're using part of my ship, you'll 
have to have someone who knows how to work it."  She turned her head and looked to 
Sasami  "You should stay here, Sasami.  I don't want you to get hurt."
	"Okay Ayeka!"  Sasami nodded, before glancing to Melody.  Melody smiled 
softly and winked to the small girl. 
 *It's okay, Tsunami.  You're secret is safe with me.*  Melody thought to herself.  
She turned to the ship and let out a low breath, "Let's go then." 
---------------------- 
"What fools these mortals be."  Kagato laughed softly.  He watched as the Ryo-
Ohki and Ryu-Oh fly towards his ship, The Soja.  He zoomed in a little closer as he 
watched Melody steer the ship.  He chuckled softly.  "I can't believe that little pipsqueak 
is still alive.  The last time I saw her she was covered in her own blood after disobeying 
me.  That little spore could never have been a member of my own flesh and blood."  He 
muttered softly.  He turned his head to look at Ryoko.  "It looks like they're coming for 
you Ryoko.  It's sort of hard to believe that they're coming for a piece of worthless trash 
such as yourself."
Ryoko growled.  "I am not your machine anymore!  I am a human being!"  She 
struggled, locked up in a horrid hourglass shaped prison, surrounded in blue sand.  She 
glared poison at Kagato.  
"Human?  Who wants to be human?  Just a heap of waste products waiting to be 
disposed of?"  He laughed cruelly and smiled at Ryoko.  "You know you were much 
more useful in your original form?  Like stone, should I turn you into stone Ryoko?  
Would that make you happy?" 
	Ryoko grimaced and struggled a little more as she watched her friends approach.  
Kagato grinned when he saw the direction she was looking in.  "Well, I'm far too busy to 
bother with you Ryoko.  I've got to arrange a little welcoming for our guests."  He 
laughed as he hit a few buttons on his console.  
	Ryoko growled and shouted.  "If you lay one finger on Tenchi, you'll be sorry, 
Kagato!  You'll be sorry!!!"  
----------------------
	"We'll be in the Soja's firing range in ten seconds.  Fasten your seatbelts 
everyone; it's going to be a bumpy ride."  Melody said through her gritted teeth.  
	"Are you sure you know how to fly this thing, Ms. Melody?"  Ayeka asked 
suspiciously.  
	"Better than you do."  Melody replied unfeelingly.  "Unless you think you can do 
better, Princess Ayeka, I think you better trust me."
	Ayeka went wide-eyed at Melody's response to her, thinking it was awfully rude.  
She was about to make a remark about her rudeness when a series of gunfire was 
projected from the Soja in their direction.  Melody shifted the steering orbs skillfully 
dodging the blasts.  Ayeka watched in amazement at Melody's ability; however, Melody 
couldn't hold every blast off forever.  They were hit badly and Melody flew into a wall.  
	"You guys better think of something to defend us with!  Ryo-Ohki can't take 
another hit like that."  Melody groaned as she ran back to the control panels, trying to 
regain control of the ship.  
	"She's right!  We have to do something!"  Mihoshi cried.
		Tenchi looked to Ayeka.  "Is there anything on your ship that can act as a 
weapons system, Ayeka?"
	"There is one...but its way too risky."  Ayeka shook her head.  
		"Well we can't just sit here and die!"  Tenchi reasoned.  Ayeka sighed and 
looked at him.  
	"Okay.we can use the Light Hawk Wings and form them into an attack 
system...but they weren't meant for that purpose."  Ayeka mumbled.
	"We have to try Ayeka."  Tenchi replied softly.  
		"Very well.  I'll go."  Ayeka started heading for her part of the ship.
	No I'll do it!  You have to stay here and guide me."  Tenchi responded before 
heading down to Ryu-Oh's helm.  
---------------------
	Kagato laughed as he watched the small spaceship attempt to evade his attacks.  
"I created the ship you're in!  I know every single move you'll make!"  He laughed as he 
fired several more shots at the enemy ship.  
	Ryoko watched in horror as the explosions rained down upon her friends.  She 
closed her eyes as a tear slipped down her cheek, finding herself praying for their safety.   
*If anyone is listening...please protect them. They're all I have.*  She heard Kagato gasp 
and her eyes flashed open to see the Light Hawk Wings defending the ship.  She smiled 
with pride.  "Give it up while you can, Kagato.  It's still early.  Tenchi might just go easy 
on you."
	Kagato's sudden look of mystified awe changed into hideous laughter.  "Oh you 
pitiful waste product, Ryoko.  Just wait and watched."  He looked to the small ship and 
hit a few buttons on a hidden console.  "Nice trick boy, but you're in the big leagues 
now."  
---------------------------
	"What is he up to?"  Melody mumbled as she stared at the Soja.  She had the ship 
at a standstill, trying to figure out Kagato's next move.  Her eyes widened all too late.  
"Hit the deck!"  Melody screamed as she tried to maneuver the ship out of the way of the 
huge cannon blast that was headed for them.  
	The next few seconds went by all too slowly for Melody.  She heard the sound of 
the explosion and the shaking of the ship as the Ryu-Oh half of the ship was destroyed.  
She felt the overwhelming grief and disappointment of her own heart, as well as the ever- 
increasing panic of Mihoshi and Ayeka as they screamed out Tenchi's name.  Melody 
hung her head and moved her hand down her chest and then to either shoulder in the sign 
of a cross.  She softly whispered in a tear filled voice, "Tsunami rest your soul, Tenchi."  
She walked over to the edge of the ship and stared out the window silently, watching and 
waiting.
---------------------------
	"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"  Ryoko screamed.  The blue sands flew up 
and the glass shattered around her.  She growled and teleported out of the ship within an 
instant.  Kagato looked over his shoulder at the shattered remains of the hourglass and 
smirked, before walking to his organ.  He sat down and started playing a haunting and 
evil song upon it.  
	
	*I have to find Tenchi.*  This thought echoed through Ryoko's mind as she dug 
through the wreckage of Ryu-Oh.  Panic raised in her mind as she darted through the 
splintered wood and tree boughs.  "Tenchi!  Where are you Tenchi?"  *He has to be 
around here somewhere.  Come on Tenchi; give me a sign that you're okay.*   She darted 
past a piece of cloth and then did a double take recognizing it as the towel Tenchi wore 
around his neck when he did work in the gardens.  *Oh, my God...that can't be...blood?*  
Her hands shook violently as she took the towel into her hands and cradled it to her chest.  
Tears streamed down her face as her fist clenched around the towel.  "Kagato.you have 
stolen the one who was most precious to me.  You will pay dearly for what you've done."  
Her face contorted with anger as she glared at the huge battle ship, from where she knew 
her enemy was mocking her with laughter.  "Do you hear me!?  YOU WILL PAY!!!!" 
-------------------------
	It wasn't long before Ryo-Ohki found Ryoko sitting on the remains of the trunk of 
Ryu-Oh.  Ryoko looked up from her spot.  She had been sitting there the last half an hour 
trying to cope with the loss of Tenchi, finding only one logical explanation.  She uncurled 
her legs from her chest and stood with the towel still clutched in her hands.  She gave an 
angry glare at the Soja before floating and teleporting to her ship.  
	Ayeka glanced up when she saw Ryoko appear in front of the console.  She 
growled and stood up straight and proper.  "Well, it's about time you came back.  We 
came up here to retrieve you, you know?  Now Tenchi's missing."
	"We don't have time for this."  Ryoko said emotionlessly.  "All we can do now is 
go after Kagato and destroy him."  
	Melody looked up from where she was standing.  She watched Ryoko for a 
moment and sighed softly.  *She really cared about that boy...and I let her down.*  She 
looked at Ayeka who was starting to fume. 
	"No, we can go after Tenchi!  That's what we can do."  Ayeka's voice rose up a 
pitch, and it was greeted with Ryoko throwing a towel in Ayeka's face.  Ayeka was about 
to shout at Ryoko angrily until she got a good look at the towel.  Her face fell into 
sorrow.  "Does this mean he...is he...?"
	"Let's just go."  Was all that Ryoko had to say.  She reached up and pulled the 
little red ball from her earring.  It glowed softly and embedded into her wrist, making a 
temporary gem.  Ayeka nodded and started making preparations to arrive at the Soja.  
	Melody watched silently as they approached the Soja.  Haunting memories 
stroked the back of her mind as Ryoko piloted around the obstacles that were keeping 
them making their approach.  *I guess we're destined to meet again, eh Kagato?  Well, I'm 
not your little servant anymore.  Tsunami as my witness, I will see to it that you will no 
longer harm another person the way you did Mother, Gemma, Ryoko, Nana, and the 
other people at the Science Academy, not to mention the millions you made Ryoko 
slaughter.  I pray that you will repent for what you've done before you have to meet your 
maker.*  Melody continued to stare out at space, lost in her own thoughts, when Mihoshi 
put her hand on her shoulder.
	"Thank you for trying to keep us safe." Mihoshi whispered.  "We probably 
would have all been killed if you didn't help us.  Kagato will face the justice system of 
the Galaxy Police soon."
	"I guess so."  Melody spoke quietly.  "Don't underestimate him though Mihoshi.  
He is a very powerful man."  
	Mihoshi nodded, wondering how Melody knew Kagato.  *This girl is full of 
mysteries, I guess.  I had no idea that she was a Priestess.*
----------------------  
	*Tenchi.*  
A voice called out from the endless darkness that surrounded him.  He looked 
around nervously.  He took a step in the direction the voice came from and meekly called 
out, "Who's there?  Who is it?"
	*There's no need to be afraid.  I'm right here Tenchi.*  The voice called out to him 
touching his mind.  He relaxed a little at the soothing tone and continued to walk till he 
found himself standing before a huge tree.  
	"Where am I?"  Tenchi asked.  He looked up at the huge tree, and then around at 
the smaller trees that surrounded it.  Beautiful crystalline waters surrounded the large tree 
in pools.  He recognized it as a similar design to that of Ayeka's ship but the tree was 
much bigger and much more beautiful.  "What is this place?"
	"You are inside my mind Tenchi."  A voice said.  He looked straight ahead as a 
beautiful woman stepped out from the tree.  She glowed with a radiant energy and had a 
warm smile that reminded Tenchi of his mother.  Tenchi couldn't help find her strikingly 
familiar.  
	"Inside your mind?  Can Jurai trees take on human form?  Why did you bring me 
here?"  Tenchi asked, rambling one question after another.
	Tsunami looked at him and smiled.  "I'm Tsunami, the Goddess of the Life Trees 
of Jurai.  I've brought you here because of your destiny.  Your friends are on a quest to 
avenge you."
	Tenchi frowned and looked at the Goddess.  "What will happen to them?"
		"They cannot defeat Kagato alone.  But with you Tenchi...you have the 
power to save them.  I will help you to realize your powers so you may do this."  
Tsunami replied quietly.  "You must believe in your own power as well, otherwise all 
will be lost."
	Tenchi listened silently as the Goddess told him that he was to return to the mortal 
plane and destroy Kagato.  He was told of he Juraian heritage and how he would have to 
fight Kagato.  If he had looked down in the shining waters, he would have saw Sasami 
smiling in place of Tsunami's reflection.  
-------------------------
	Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi divided up in order to find the way to the main body 
of the Soja.  Melody stood at the entrance to the ship.  She let out a soft sigh as the others 
ran around the bend and looked down to Ryo-Ohki.  Ryo-Ohki looked back up at her and 
miyaed softly.  She leaped up and landed on Melody's shoulders.  Melody smiled softly 
and scratched the little creature beneath its chin.  "You remember me the way I was, 
don't you Ryo-Ohki?"  
	Ryo-Ohki nodded and nuzzled Melody's cheek with a soft purr.  Melody levitated 
into the air and closed her eyes.  "Maybe Ryoko will remember our past after Kagato is 
destroyed.  He locked away her memories of her happy childhood, so she would be more 
obedient to him.  He won't have that control on her anymore."  She looked at the small 
cabbit who miyaed in agreement.  Together they faded away, teleporting to their destiny.  
----------------------
  	Ryoko, Ayeka, and Mihoshi met up at the point that led to the helm of Soja.  
Ryoko and Ayeka ran on ahead, heedless of Mihoshi's cries for them to wait.  Mihoshi 
ran to catch up with them and dropped her control cube.  She didn't even realize when 
her body was sent into another dimension of the ship as she ran back and grabbed her 
control cube turning to run to catch up with Ryoko and Ayeka with no avail.  
	Mihoshi ran into a huge room, and looked around.  "Ryoko, Ayeka?  Where did 
everyone go?"  Mihoshi drew her space blaster and looked around.  "What if they've 
already been captured?"  Her eyes welled up with tears at the thought.  "Well...that's 
okay.  I'll face Kagato all by myself."  She holstered her blaster and took her control cube 
into her hands.  All of a sudden she heard a hideous hiss behind her.  Mihoshi's heart 
started beating rapidly as she slowly turned around to see two really huge cobras 
hovering over her.  She screamed and started firing at them with her hand blaster.  
	"You snakes have the right to remain silent.  Anything you say or do, can and will 
be used against you in the court of law.  You have the right to an attorney...and I guess 
it'll have to be an attorney that specializes in snakes...and..." When the snakes were 
trapped in ice she breathed a sigh of relief.  "That's all."
	That breath of relief came all too soon, for she saw the snakes starting to crack 
through they're icy prison.  Mihoshi whimpered, "If you try to resist arrest, my superiors 
will be very angry with you."  She screeched a bit when she saw the ice blocks crack 
further and she whipped out her control cube, trying to make it help her out in someway.  
She cursed herself for not paying more attention when the Academy was teaching her 
how to use them.  They snakes escaped and rushed at her with their jaws wide open.  
Mihoshi didn't hear the loud cracks from behind her because her screams were drowning 
them out.  She threw her hands over her face so she wouldn't have to see her death 
coming at her.  
	She waited.and waited.and waited.  Finally, she mustered enough courage to 
move her hands and see the snake with its mouth wide open, but turned to stone.  
Mihoshi gulped loudly and jumped when she heard a high-pitched and kind of whiny 
voice come from behind her.  
	"It's okay!  Thanks for setting me free by the way."  A little redheaded girl 
walked by her.  She moved her hands and the snakes shattered into piles of rubble.  
"Let's clear this mess out of here."  She then reached down to the floor and grasped 
something that Mihoshi couldn't see.  All of a sudden she pulled Ryoko from the floor.  
Ryoko was locked in Stone.  "There she is."  The redheaded woman said.
	Mihoshi watched amazed for a moment.  "Um excuse me...Miss?"  She looked at 
Ryoko.  "That's Ryoko." Mihoshi was very confused.  
	"She looks okay."  The redheaded woman mumbled.  "He tried to destroy her."  
She snapped her fingers and Ryoko became normal again.  "Well, I'll show him."
	"Excuse me?  But are you a student?  You're uniform looks like an Science 
Academy Uniform from a long time ago."  Mihoshi asked confused.
	"No, of course not!  I am Washu, and I happen to be the greatest scientific genius 
in the universe.  I admit I am a cutie pie and I do look a little too young to be your mom, 
eh Ryoko?"  
	"My mom?"  Ryoko questioned.  "That's ridiculous.  I've been alone for over 
5,000 years.  Ever since I was born...ever since I was born."  
	Washu sighed and started a long process of explanation; but Ryoko didn't have 
the patience to listen and left, returning her astral for to the physical dimension.  Washu 
was left with Mihoshi, finding things to become increasingly annoying. 
------------------------ 

	Melody watched as Ryoko and Ayeka did their best to defeat Kagato.  Ryoko 
used her powers to the best of her abilities, but with Ayeka there she was afraid to use 
them to their full level.  She may fight with Ayeka a lot, but she would never really wish 
her to death.  She watched as Washu took Ayeka into the other dimension to give Ryoko 
more room for which to fight.  Kagato, however, had other plans.  She used the power of 
Ryoko's gems against her.  
	Melody heard Kagato say, "If I can't interrogate you, Princess, I'll just interrogate 
your brother and sister."  
	Melody watched as he used the power of Ryoko's gems to fire the huge cannon 
that destroyed Ryu-Oh and fired it at the Earth.  *You won't use the power of my own 
friend against those who care about her.*  Melody thought silently.  She raised her hands 
and concentrated.  *I call upon the powers of Tsunami to protect the Earth and its people.*  
The beam approached the Earth, but right before it entered its atmosphere something 
absorbed the blast.  It was the most powerful ship of the Juraians, Tsunami.
	Kagato growled frustrated, as his own attacks were turned against him, and his 
ship began to take a beating.  He looked at Ryoko and marched over towards her.  "When 
you lose consciousness all the power from the gems will be used for Soja.  Goodbye 
Ryoko."  He grabbed her by the hair and pulled his arm back preparing to knock her out.
	Melody felt a tear streak her face as she watched Ryoko's face become tearstained 
and heard Ryoko whisper, "I'm sorry Tenchi...I tried."  Melody growled at Kagato who 
was laughing at Ryoko's emotions.  All of a sudden she heard Tsunami in the back of her 
mind.  
	*Now, Melody!  Now is the time!*  Melody smiled and opened a portal behind 
Kagato.  Tenchi leaped out of the portal and grabbed Ryoko.  She watched Ryoko's eyes 
light up, and heard her whisper, "Is it really you?"
	She laughed softly when she heard Tenchi say, "I'm no ghost."

		All of a sudden, Melody was pulled into the depths of Tsunami's mind.  
The ship was moving towards the Soja against its own will.  Tsunami looked up from 
where she was standing and looked at the Melody, who had her head bowed down before 
her.  
	Tsunami smiled softly.  "Priestess Melody.  You've served me better than anyone 
has ever had.  You've helped me through times where I know you were grieving more 
than souls should; yet you served me without a complaint.  I know you know that I am 
aware of your past and that you can't hide it from me.  I know your fears and secrets."  
	Melody nodded softly and looked down at the waters, and at the small girl that 
was reflecting in place of Tsunami's appearance.  "You've given me Buddy, and even 
though my memories of my happy childhood with Ryoko, Nana Washu, Mom, and 
Gemma are old and fading, I treasure them.  You've given me a lot to be thankful for 
Tsunami.  I'm trying to return a favor to an old friend."  Melody looked up at her, and 
smiled warmly.  "You've helped me be a better person despite my background."
	Tsunami nodded.  "I'm going to have to ask for one more favor of you, Melody.  
You're not going to like it, but you will pull through it.  You're strong."  Tsunami looked 
at Kagato who was standing and looking at the huge ship that they were on like a trophy.  
He had captured it in a tractor beam and was reeling it in like a huge marlin.  "I know 
he's your real father, but you're going to have to help destroy him.  I know that even if 
though he's treated you...very badly, that you still try to look at him as a father."  
Tsunami turned to her again.  "But if you don't destroy him, he will take over using my 
power to enslave everyone.  When that happens, Washu and Ryoko will be destroyed and 
you and Buddy will be under his power forever."
	Melody felt a tear slip down her cheek.  "I know you're right, Tsunami...I will 
heed."  Melody looked at her and smiled faintly before vanishing.  Tsunami smiled softly 
and looked down at Sasami who was smiling back at her.
	"She's will help Tenchi and save our universe."  Tsunami whispered to her other 
half.  Sasami nodded and watched quietly.
	
	Melody arrived to see Tenchi and Kagato fighting intensely.  Kagato appeared to 
have the upper hand, for Tenchi seemed to be backing away with every blow.  Kagato 
laughed as one blow sent Tenchi across the room and tossed him to the floor.  Kagato 
started to walk towards Tenchi when Melody stood between them, her face cold.  
	"You will leave him alone, Kagato."  Melody growled.  "You won't harm him, or 
anyone else again."  
	Kagato took one look at Melody and laughed.  "Now why should I listen to you?  
You have no power here, especially with your source of power trapped by my ship."
	Melody swallowed hard and glared at him.  "I'm not as weak as you think.  Times 
change Kagato.  People grow stronger, older, and wiser with time."  Melody could sense 
Tenchi getting to his feet and hear his confused feelings of not being able to defeat 
Kagato.  *Trust in yourself Tenchi.*
	Tenchi looked up and at Melody.  Her back was turned to him but he knew it was 
her own voice.  Melody continued to glare bitterly at Kagato, but her thoughts came to 
Tenchi clearly.  *Trust in your own ability, and together we can beat him.*  Tenchi stood up 
straight and closed his eyes, concentrating.  
	Kagato grabbed Melody by the front of her robes.  "You're a worthless piece of 
shit, Melody, you should know that by now.  Even with the power of Tsunami on your 
side, you are nothing to me.  I can't believe your pathetic mother tried to tell me that you 
were of my blood.  She was just a little tramp obviously; because there is no way that you 
are my daughter!  I'm glad I did what I did and ridded the universe of trash like her and 
her mother."
	Melody felt the tears stream down her cheek as she hauled her fist back and thrust 
it forward.  Kagato stood there, thinking it wouldn't be more than a light tap.  
Unfortunately for him, Melody had gained a lot of physical strength over the years and 
when her fist contacted with his nose, it caused the bone to snap and his green blood to 
spurt.  He roared with rage and threw Melody across the room.  "You little bastard 
child!"
	Kagato drew his sword and lunged toward her, but Tenchi met him there.  When 
their swords met, Tenchi's sword's blade grew and his uniform changed into that of the 
Light Hawk Wings.  Melody watched in awe as she slowly returned to her feet, holding 
her shoulder.  She watched Kagato and Tenchi battle.  Sword slash after slash, both of 
them seemed equal in power.  Melody heard Tsunami's cry, and she looked up to see that 
the great ship was almost in the hanger of the Soja.  If that ship docks with the Soja, 
Kagato will win for sure.  Melody's eyes narrowed and she leaped from her perch and ran 
up behind Kagato's back without hesitation.  She thrust her arms underneath those of 
Kagato's, so Kagato wouldn't have a chance to counter attack or even block Tenchi.  
Kagato screamed with rage as he realized he couldn't move his arms.  He struggled as 
Tenchi gave the final blow not realizing Melody was behind his enemy.  
	Kagato stood there, his energy sword dispersed.  He stared off into space and 
looked at Tenchi.  "Tsunami's power can't be copied.  Well, done.  You've won boy."  
He turned his head to look at Melody who was standing behind him.  Her arm was almost 
completely severed from her body, and she was holding it painfully.  Her eyes stared at 
him as if questioning him, asking him, *Why didn't you love me?*  He turned his head away 
as he disintegrated into nothingness.  
	Melody collapsed to the floor, losing a lot of blood.  Her eyes started to fail her, 
with only a few things being able to come into focus for her.  One of those images was 
Ryoko.  
	"Melody, you can't die on me!  You saved my life!  I remember now!"  Was the 
last thing Melody heard before she faded into unconsciousness. 
---------------------
	*********"Melody!"  
		A three-year-old Melody giggled softly and continued to hide underneath 
the sink in Washu's laboratory.  A three-year-old Ryoko looked up at Melody's mother, 
Yuri, and held up a finger to shush her.  "Shhh Auntie Yuri.she'll know we're lookin' 
for her if ya keep shoutin' like dat.  Dat sorta defeats de purpose of hide-n-seek."
	Ryoko heard the giggle though and ran to the doors that led under the sink.  She 
was greeted with Melody tackling her and tickling her.  "Gotcha!"  Melody giggled.  
"Scared ya, didn't I?"
	Ryoko laughed and hugged her friend.  Yuri laughed and picked the two girls up 
off the ground.  "Come on you two.  Let's go to the cafeteria.  Washu and Gemma are 
waiting for us."  Yuri kissed the top of their heads and carried them both to the cafeteria.  
	"Mama, I luv ya."  Melody smiled and hugged Yuri tightly.  Ryoko hugged her 
too.
	"Me too, Auntie Yuri."  Yuri smiled warmly.  Her long chestnut brown hair and 
dark blue eyes matched those of her daughter, and her warm appearance was comforting 
to all those around her.  
	"I love you too.  Both of you." 
		A familiar face walked past them down the hall.  Yuri's face changed from 
warm and loving to hurt and questioning.  The young Kagato frowned deeply and turned 
his head away.  Yuri sighed a little and continued walking down the hall.********

********	A few years later.
		Melody lied sprawled out on her bed, crying uncontrollably, 
hugging a small, ratty teddy bear her mom gave her when she was younger
 to her chest.  Ryoko burst into the room.  She was much taller than Melody, even though 
they were both eight years of age.  Ryoko hugged her friend gently as she knelt on the bed.
  Tears were streaming down her own face as she whispered, "I'm so sorry Melody."
	Melody shivered and burst into a new wave of tears as Ryoko held onto her.  
Washu burst into the room and saw the two girls crying over the death of Yuri and Rose, 
Melody's grandma.  Washu walked over to both of them and cradled them both to her.  
She softly whispered, "Melody, you're going to live with me and Ryoko now.  We'll take 
care of you, we promise."  She rubbed both the girls' backs and her own tears slipped 
down her cheeks.  She loved Yuri deeply as a friend and companion.  She would take 
good care of her friend's daughter as if she were her own.********

	
	Melody stretched lazily in her bed before opening her eyes.  She was greeted with 
the sight of the redheaded genius sitting by her bedside, running scans over her body.  
Washu looked at her and smiled.  "Hey sleepyhead!  You ready to get something to eat."  
	Melody giggled and slowly tried to sit up, wincing a bit as she felt the stitches 
pull at her arm.  Washu pushed her back down gently and hit a button on the bedside that 
raised the back of the bed for her.  Melody smiled and shook her head softly.  "You 
haven't let me do a thing for myself since you've gotten here Nana Washu.  It's getting a 
little old."
	"Well if you hadn't gone and tried to get your arm chopped off, you'd be able to 
do things for yourself, now wouldn't you?"  Washu smiled and patted the girl's leg.  
"Ryoko said she'd bring you your lunch.  It's good to have my two girls back."  Washu 
smiled softly and smoothed Melody's hair back.  
	Melody smiled softly.  "Thank you, Nana."  She reached out to hug her with her 
good arm.  Washu smiled and hugged back.  
	"By the way, Buddy called again.  He said he'd bring your homework by this 
afternoon after school."  Washu smiled.  "That boy is a real catch, huh?"
	Melody found herself blushing brightly and giggling.  "Yeah he is."  The sound of 
a bell tinkled as Ryoko walked into Washu's lab.  Melody almost held her breath as she 
waited for Ryoko to step in the room.  She smiled brightly.  "Hey girlfriend.  What's on 
the menu today?"
	"Sasami was in the mood to cook your favorite today.  Wong Tong Soup and 
Sushi with special Wasabi paste."  Ryoko said cheerfully as she sat on the edge of 
Melody's bed and sat the tray on her medical table gently.  "But I know how much you 
spill when you try to eat soup with your left hand so I'm going to help you."
	"Aw no you not.  I can eat just fine."  Melody refused and smiled.  
		"Sure, and you're not in love with Buddy."  Ryoko giggled as she held the 
spoon out for Melody to eat.  Washu couldn't help but laugh as she saw Melody blush 
and take a bite of the soup.  
	Melody swallowed,  "Well, what about you and Tenchi, hot stuff?"  Melody 
giggled and nudged Ryoko with her foot.  The girls laughed and Washu left them to be 
alone.  With well over 1,000 years of history between them, Ryoko and Melody had a lot 
of catching up to do.  
~FIN~
	So what'd ya think?  Email comments back to me at SuzeeD@aol.com.  
	

	
	


