
Tenchi Muyo? Rye-Ohki! Part 2 of 2

	'What happened?  Is the battle over?' Rye-Ohki asked Hakubi through their 
mental link.  He received no reply.  'Hakubi?'  Still no reply.  'Hondaioh, 
what's going on, what happened to Hakubi?'
	'He is no longer conscious.  It seems that we have a traitor.'
	'Suno!  I'll claw his eyes out!'  Rye-Ohki prepared to leap down from the 
tree, but was smothered by layer of leaves.
	'Hide yourself, we are being boarded.'  Rye-Ohki looked up as he heard 
some scraping noises on the hull.  He heard someone walk to the hatch and 
hissing as it opened.
	"Anyone else on board?" came a gruff voice.
	"Just the Prince's pet.  He doesn't pose a threat to us, but we could 
ransom him off.  We'll search for him later," Suno's voice replied.  The men 
could be heard walking up to the bridge and few minutes later, Rye-Ohki heard 
them walk slowly back to the hatch, dragging something.  The hatch closed and 
more scraping was heard.  Rye-Ohki heard a dull roar and the ship started to 
move again.
	'What happened?  Where are we going?'
	'I have shut down all engines and controls.  Our Mother's son has been 
taken off ship.  The traitor has left as well.  We are being towed towards an 
asteroid belt further in system,' Hondaioh replied.
	For the first time in his life, Rye-Ohki felt completely alone and 
abandoned.  'Hakubi, what do I do now?' Rye-Ohki called out through the mental 
link, hoping for a reply.  When a reply still did not come, he curled into a 
little ball and started to cry.
	'Have no fear little one.  Our Mother's son will awaken and reap vengeance 
upon our enemies!' 
	'You mean, everything will turn out OK?' Rye-Ohki asked, crying a little 
less.  The Juraian trees, especially the older ones, always confused him.
	'Yes.  Everything will be fine.'  Hondaioh shifted some more leaves to 
cover Rye-Ohki and they waited.  

	<Oh man!  What a headache!>  Hakubi thought to himself as he came to.  
<What hit me?>  Hakubi sat up and a wave a pain flashed across his forehead.  <I 
haven't felt this bad since the last time I got into a drinking contest with 
Grandma.  Where am I?>  Hakubi opened his eyes and looked around.  He was in a 
dirty cell somewhere.  It was a standard holding cell, three walls of solid 
metal and a light blue force field instead of bars.  Hakubi stood up and 
carefully made his way to the force field trying not to fall down.
	"Did you have a nice nap?" a man with a large laser rifle called out from 
the other side of the force field.  Hakubi didn't answer and stopped when he 
reached the edge of the force field.  He gently touched the field and pulled his 
finger back when a large spark of electricity shocked him.  The man laughed some 
more and said, "Do that too much and you'll lose your finger."  He turned around 
and spoke into an intercom on the wall, "Tell the General that the prisoner is 
awake."  
	"Can you tell me where I am?" Hakubi asked the guard.	
	"You are in the brig of the greatest pirate group since the dreaded Space 
Pirate Ryoko," the guard replied with another laugh.  Hakubi looked over the 
force field and touched it again.  It gave off another spark of electricity and 
flickered for a second.  "Liked getting shocked do you?" 
	"No, just making sure I can escape," Hakubi replied coolly.  The flicker 
confirmed his suspicions.  The pirates where using a standard containment field 
to hold him.  This meant that it was essentially a very powerful field and that 
would flicker on and off very rapidly.  The strength of the shock told Hakubi 
about how fast the field was flickering.  If the field was turned to it's 
fastest rate, basically not flickering at all, he would have received a deep 
burn from touching it.  But his one was not cycling that fast, allowing air and 
other particles to flow through.  This also meant that someone could teleport 
through as well.  The guard smiled in amusement and turned to walk away.  The 
second his back was turned, Hakubi teleported through the force field and 
materialized right behind the guard.  A quick chop to the neck, and the guard 
was out cold.  The sudden movement caused a cascade of pain in his throbbing 
forehead.  Hakubi closed his eyes and waited for the pain to subside.  When it 
was a little better, he picked up the guard and dropped him into an empty and 
cell, and activated the force field.  <How do I get out of here?> Hakubi thought 
to himself.

	'I'm getting out of here!'  Rye-Ohki had been sitting in the tree for over 
two hours.  The ship had been brought into a large hanger, dug out of a huge 
asteroid.  After securing the ship, the pirates left it alone, not being able to 
enter the locked hatch.
	'I advise against that,' Hondaioh spoke to Rye-Ohki.  'We should wait for 
our Mother's son to return.'
	'I can't wait any longer.  I'm going.'  Rye-Ohki jumped out of the tree 
and walked to the hatch.  'Open up,' Rye-Ohki spoke to the door.  The 
intricately carved wooden collar around Rye-Ohki's neck glowed blue for a second 
and the door opened.  'I'll be back,' Rye-Ohki thought back to Hondaioh as he 
hopped through the open hatch.  The moment he was through, the hatch closed and 
locked itself.  Rye-Ohki looked around to make sure no one saw him leave the 
ship.  When satisfied that no one had noticed, he hopped to the nearest doorway 
and peeked around the corner.

	Hakubi peeked around the corner of the cellblock; he had no idea where he 
was.  <I have no idea where I am.  It would be pretty stupid to get caught again 
because I got lost,> Hakubi thought to himself.  <I need to get back to 
Hondaioh.>
	'Rye-Ohki?' Hakubi asked through his mental link, testing to see if it was 
still working.
	'Hakubi!' Rye-Ohki screamed back.  'I'm so glad are all right.  That 
stupid tree wouldn't let me help you.  But now your back, we can kick some 
butt.'
	'Not so loud!' Hakubi winced, 'I have a huge headache.'
	'Sorry,' Rye-Ohki replied a lot softer.
	'That's ok.'  A deluge of happiness from Rye-Ohki came through their 
mental link, making his headache seem not that bad.  'Where are you?'
	'I'm in some hanger with Hondaioh.'
	'Great.  Stay there, I'll get there as fast as I can.'  Hakubi 
concentrated and found the general direction of Rye-Ohki's mind.  He took a 
quick glance around the corner and ran off.

	In order to get to the hanger, Hakubi had to pass through some of the 
barracks.  To keep the noise to a minimum, Hakubi decided to fly instead of 
running.  He flew passed a partially opened door and screeched to a halt.  <That 
was Suno's voice!>  Hakubi flew back to the door and listened.
	"Are you sure it is the same person?" a familiar voice asked, apparently 
through a vidscreen of some sort.
	"Yes I'm sure," Suno's voice replied.  "I was just informed that he woke 
up.  He'll be ready for interrogation when you arrive." 
	Hakubi pushed the door open a little more and peeked inside.  <That's 
General Zove!>  Hakubi was correct.  The General's image filled the vidscreen 
and he looked very happy.
	"Excellent.  Did you get the generators intact?" Zove asked.
	"Yes Sir.  They're in perfect condition.  They techs are installing them 
as we speak."
	"With those generators, the Vengeance will be the most powerful ship ever.  
Even more powerful than Tsunami!"  Zove gave a hearty laugh and cut 
communications. 
	<I've got the warn them!>  Hakubi backed away from the door and flew down 
the hallway at top speed.

	'Over here,' Rye-Ohki called.  Hakubi had reached the hanger and was 
looking for their ship.  He walked passed another ship and saw the little cabbit 
sitting behind some crates.  Rye-Ohki jumped up, transformed into his humanoid 
form, and gave Hakubi a hug.
	"Come on, let's get out of here."  Hakubi grabbed Rye-Ohki's hand and led 
him into up to the ship.  The hatch opened automatically as they approached.
	'It is good to have you with us again, your Highness,' Hondaioh thought to 
Hakubi.  
	'Nice to be back.  Are you ready to go?'
	'Systems are at full power.'
	'Good.  Let's go.'  Hondaioh lifted off and made it's way to the hanger 
doors.
	
	"Um, Sir?  The Juraian vessel has lifted off," a pirate in the traffic 
control room told his superior.
	"What?  Sound the alarm!"  The pirate slammed the alarm and the emergency 
lock down buttons at the same time.  

	"Sir, the prisoner has escaped!" a voice yelled through the intercom.
	"What?  Sound the alarms.  Find him!"  Faster than expected, the alarms 
went off.  "What the hell?"
	"Sir, the Juraian ship has taken off and is trying to escape!" another 
voiced yelled through the intercom.
	"What!  Stop it or you'll wish you were with him!" Suno yelled at the new 
voice on the intercom.  All of his perfectly laid plans had gone to hell.  He 
slammed his fist against the wall and ran off to the control room.

	'I cannot open the doors.'
	'Blast them open then,' Hakubi ordered.  The Hondaioh's cannons emerged 
and sent a volley of fire at the doors.  The doors quickly blew open and they 
were free.  'Take a scan of our location and of all ships nearby.  Send it 
directly to Jurai.'  Hakubi piloted the Hondaioh around some small asteroids and 
headed for open space.

	"Sir, we are detecting a transmission being sent from the Juraian ship," a 
pirate called out over the confusion in the control room.
	"Jam them, you idiot!" Suno yelled back.  "Send everything we got after 
them.  Stop them at all costs!" Suno yelled at another pirate.

	'I am being jammed.  Only three fourths of the transmission went out 
cleanly.'	
	'That will have to do.  What did you detect?'
	'There are many ships around us, various fighter and a few cruisers.  
There is a large mass that is being shielded from my sensors.  It is larger than 
a normal battleship, larger than the pirate base itself.' Hakubi pondered this 
new mystery when some beeping interrupted him.  'Multiple contacts, closing 
fast.'  A view screen came up showing many small blips of light moving towards a 
picture of the Hondaioh.  
	"You better strap yourself in Rye-Ohki, we're going to have to fight our 
way out of this one."  Hakubi cleared the asteroid belt and changed course to 
Syreius.  The pursuing vessels changed course as well and closed in on the 
Hondaioh.  Hakubi brought up the light hawk wings and target the nearest 
attacker and fired.  He scored a direct hit, but his victory was short lived as 
ten pirate vessels opened fire.
	"Wow!"  The Hondaioh shook under the tremendous amount of fire it was 
taking.  Hakubi steadied himself and read the damage report.  Their light hawk 
wings where at 97%, and there was little hull damage.  "Send a distress call, 
maybe there's a Syrean cruiser nearby."  Hakubi fired a few more times, but 
there where too many pirates.  He decided it would the energy would be better 
spent on shielding and transferred the energy from the weapon systems to the 
shields and engines.  This gave the Hondaioh a quick burst of speed, but the 
pirates soon caught up, firing everything they had.
	"Damn it.  There's got to be a cruiser around here.  Never a cop around 
when you need one."  Hakubi scanned the damage report again.  The light hawk 
wings were at 70% and falling fast.  "We may have to surrender if this keeps 
up," Hakubi said out loud to no one in particular.
	'No.  You must escape and warn Jurai,' Hondaioh spoke to Hakubi.  'Take 
Rye-Ohki and head for Syreius and get help.  I will hold them off here.'
	'You'll be destroyed!' Hakubi thought back.
	'It is the best option we have.  I will survive.'  Without Hakubi knowing, 
a small seed fell from the ceiling and into a pocket of Hakubi's jacket.  'Do 
not worry for me, I will survive.'  
	Hakubi ran through all his options in his head for a moment.  "Fine.  
Transmit the data you got to Rye-Ohki, we will try to send another message when 
we cleared the jamming."  Rye-Ohki jumped out of his chair and ran to the hatch.  
Hakubi hit a few more buttons and ran after him.  When he got to the hatch, Rye-
Ohki phased through it and transformed into his space ship form once he was 
clear of Hondaioh.  Hakubi teleported himself over a second later.
	"Rye-Ohki, run a scan of your own over the area.  Maybe your sensors can 
detect something new."  Hakubi walked to the controls and they zoomed off.  A 
few view screens came up, one showed that the pirate base was just inside of 
their sensor range and a number counting down the time the scan would take.  
Another showed Hondaioh battling the pirates.  Hondaioh had come to a complete 
stop and was taking fire from all sides.  The pirates had not noticed the black 
crystalline ship leaving the battleground and were concentrating on the battered 
Juraian ship.  Hondaioh sent out a barrage of fire in every direction.  Four 
more pirate ships burst into flames and exploded.  But that was not enough.  
Twenty more ships arrived as the pirates sent reinforcements.  Their combined 
firepower was too great for Hondaioh to handle.  One light hawk wing buckled and 
the rest soon followed.  It's hull split open and a ball of fire engulfed the 
ship, obliterating it.
	"Oh no," Hakubi gasped in horror as he watched the ship go.
	'Oh no!' Rye-Ohki cried out, watching the ship become nothing more than a 
mass of dead wood.

	Half a galaxy away, the Juraian Great Counsel was in session.  At the 
center sat Tenchi, flanked by his wives Ryoko and Ayeka.  Sasami and Deven sat 
to one side with Achika.  A Councilman from a prominent family was giving a 
long-winded speech about the need for a raise in the salaries of the Counsel, 
when Sasami suddenly stood up.
	"Is there something you would like to say, your highness?" The Councilmen 
asked Sasami.
	"I have to leave for a moment, please continue without me," Sasami 
replied.  Ayeka gave her a questioning glance, but Sasami smiled and gestured 
that she should stay.  She turned to her husband and whispered into his ear, 
"Something has happened to Hondaioh!"  Devon started at the news and got up as 
well.  Together they made their way to a side door as quietly as they could.  
Ryoko studied them for a few minutes and watched them leave.  She whispered 
something into Tenchi's ear and vanished, glad to get away from the boring 
Counsel.
	"What did she say?" asked Ayeka, slightly annoyed that she left so rudely.
	"She said she was going to find out what was going on," Tenchi replied.
	"I hope it's not bad news."

	Hakubi stared in silence, as the last pieces of Hondaioh broke apart.  
'The scan is complete,' Rye-Ohki mentioned, shocked as well over the loss of 
Hondaioh.
	"Anything new?" Hakubi asked in a flat tone.
	'That unknown mass is actually a very large ship of unknown 
configuration.'  Hakubi didn't bother to look at the report and continued to 
stare into space.  'There are a lot of bots working on it, it looks like it is 
90% complete.'  A few heavily damaged pirate vessels headed backed to their 
base, but the rest turned and flew towards them.
	"Put it on a disk and I'll look at it later.  They've spotted us."  A 
small compact disc appeared and Hakubi put it in a pocket in his jacket.  He 
turned the scanners towards Syreius to see what he could find.  "Not a single 
Syrean cruiser.  That damn Zove must have sent them somewhere else.  We're in 
this one alone Rye-Ohki."
	Rye-Ohki mewed in agreement and displayed scan data on their pursuers.  
Rye-Ohki was fast, but some of the pirate vessels were faster.  According to his 
calculations, they would catch up to them a few minutes after they reached the 
planet.
	"See that field?"  Hakubi pointed to a grassy field in the forest outside 
the capital city of Surius.  "We'll make a quick landing there and duck into the 
forest."  Rye-Ohki meowed an affirmative.  

	Rye-Ohki came screaming through the atmosphere of Syreius, leaving a tail 
of superheated gas behind him.  Seconds before he would have crashed, Rye-Ohki 
hit the reverse thruster.  Hakubi teleported outside and flew to towards the 
ground under his own power.  He landed with a soft "crunch" and looked up.  Rye-
Ohki transformed into a cabbit and fell into Hakubi's waiting hands.  Hakubi 
quickly got his bearings and ran into the forest in the direction of the city.  
Their landing had taken less than a minute.

	"What's going on?" Ryoko asked Sasami, outside the doors to the Counsel.  
	"I'll tell you when we get to Washu's lab.  This is something you both 
need to hear, I guess," Sasami replied.  Together they walked to Washu's lab in 
silence.  Without knocking, they entered.  
	Washu was working on her latest invention and heard them come in.  "What 
do you want?  I'm busy."
	"Hondaioh has been destroyed."  Sasami told everyone.
	Washu stopped what she was doing and looked at Sasami.  "Are you sure?"
	"Yes.  I can no longer feel its life force."
	"Hondaioh is that ship you sent to Syreas, right?" Ryoko asked.  
	"Yes, and Ten-chan was piloting it," Devon replied.
	Ryoko swore under her breath and said, "Ten-chan will be fine.  We'll send 
the fleet to look for him."
	"No," Sasami said, shocking the others.  "We cannot send the fleet.  This 
was a secret mission and it must remain so.  What would it look like if the 
Juraian fleet entered Syrean space without an official reason?  I can't even 
send Tsunami without it being an act of war."
	"She right," Washu said to Ryoko.  "I'll see what I can find out.  I'm 
sure he's fine."  Devon gave his wife a hug and they started to make their way 
out of the lab.  "Hold on!  I got a message from the Hondaioh"
	Washu pressed a few buttons on her computer and a view screen turned on, 
displaying the message.  "It appears to be scan data," Washu noted.  The image 
showed multiple ships and a large object that was out of focus.  The image split 
in half and lists of data streamed down the screen.  When it got to the unknown 
object, it drew a blank.  The screen zoomed out to a picture of the Syrean 
System and started to focus in on the asteroid belt.  Before it could get more 
specific, the transmission grew fuzzy and cut out.  "It's an incomplete scan.  
Hondaioh was cut off or jammed before the whole transmission could be sent."
	"At least we know here to start looking.  We can take Ryo-Ohki and begin 
the search," Devon told the others with determination.
	"And do what?" Washu asked him, "Go turn over every rock in the asteroid 
belt and hope something will be there?"
	"You're right."  Devon sat down on a floating cushion and looked at the 
floor.
	"It will take me some time to analyze all the data, so don't make any 
hasty conclusions.  I'll find out what's going on or I'm not the greatest genius 
scientist in the universe!"  Washu struck a pose and cackled.  Everyone smiled 
at her joke and left her alone in the lab to work.
	"Tenchi and Ayeka will want to hear about this," Ryoko mentioned and she 
flew back to the Counsel.
	"You're pretty calm about all this," Devon said to his wife.
	Sasami replied with a smile, "I have a feeling that Rye-Ohki is still 
alive and he would not let anything happen to Ten-chan."  She hugged Devon again 
and they slowly walked back to the Counsel.

	'This sucks!' Rye-Ohki complained to Hakubi.  He was sitting on his 
shoulder as he made his way through the forest to the city.  'First we get 
attacked by pirates, Hondaioh gets killed, and now we're being chased through a 
forest in the middle of some conspiracy or something!'
	'You said you were bored,' Hakubi replied.  He suddenly stopped walking 
and looked up.
	Rye-Ohki perked up his ears and said, 'Some ships are coming this way.'
	'I know.'  Hakubi walked under the branches of a tree and scanned the sky.  
Two pirate ships zoomed by, heading to the field they had landed in.  They made 
a few circles and boosted out to space.  A second later, three police vessels 
flew overhead, chasing after the pirates.  'Looks like the local police aren't 
in on the secret as well.  Maybe we can get some help from them.'  A few minutes 
after the ships had pasted, Hakubi continued towards the city.
	They walked for a few more hours till it started to get dark.  Hakubi 
risked being seen and flew above the canopy to have a look around.  He saw the 
lights of the city only a few miles away.  There was still a mile of deep forest 
before they would reach the edge of town and farmland.  Satisfied, Hakubi flew 
back under the cover of the trees and landed on a large branch.  
	'It's getting dark, and the path ahead doesn't look too good.  We better 
spend the night here.'  A cold wind blew through the branches and both Hakubi 
and Rye-Ohki shivered.  Hakubi picked Rye-Ohki off his shoulder and set him on 
the branch.  He took of his jacket and touched the ring on his finger.  In an 
instant he was dressed in his Juraian battle armor.  Washu had specially 
designed their armor to be breathable and cool in the hottest deserts yet 
insulated enough to keep warm in subzero temperatures.  He put his jacket back 
on and jumped to another branch and sat down, leaning against the trunk.  He 
zipped up his jacket part way and Rye-Ohki hopped inside.  'Warm enough?' Hakubi 
asked his little companion.
	'Yup,' mewed Rye-Ohki.  Hakubi reached into a pocket to get the data disc.  
His fingers touched a round bumpy object and he pulled it out.
	"This is Hondaioh's seed!" Hakubi said out loud, startling Rye-Ohki.  
	'You mean Hondaioh can be regrown?'
	"That's right.  Hondaioh is not dead after all."  Hakubi opened one of his 
subspace pockets and tossed the seed inside for safekeeping.
	'That's great,' Rye-Ohki thought back as he yawned.  He curled into a ball 
and closed his eyes.  Hakubi reached into another subspace pocket and drew out a 
data pad.  He inserted the data disc and started to read the data that Rye-
Ohki's scanners had recorded.
	<Not much different that what Hondaioh collected,> Hakubi thought to 
himself.  He scrolled through the data and stopped when it was about that 
unknown ship.  <That ship is huge!  It must be the Vengeance that Zove was 
talking about.  Surface scans show a gigantic cannon and many smaller laser 
cannons as weaponry.  That ship has enough firepower to destroy a planet.  But 
that would require a tremendous amount of power.  Those generators!  They are 
going to use those generators to power that cannon!>  A shiver went down 
Hakubi's spine as he thought about it.  <No one will be safe from Zove when this 
ship is complete.>  Hakubi continued to study the data far into the night, as 
Rye-Ohki slept calmly inside his jacket.

	The night had passed peacefully and it was a new day.  Rye-Ohki opened his 
eyes and yawned.  Hakubi was still asleep.  Rye-Ohki carefully climbed out of 
the jacket and hopped to the end of the branch and looked over the forest.
	"Morning already?"  Hakubi got up and stretched his sore muscles.  He 
could never see why his grandmother liked to sleep on a beam in her younger 
years.  "First thing we do once we reach the city is call home."  Hakubi was cut 
off by a growl from his stomach.  "I guess we'll start after we eat breakfast."  
Hakubi opened a subspace pocket and reached inside.  "Let's see, we have some 
carrots for you," Hakubi pulled out a few carrots from the pocket, "and some 
carrots for me I guess."  Rye-Ohki mewed in rapture and pounced on the nearest 
carrot.  <I should put some real food in there one of these days,> Hakubi 
thought to himself as he munched on a carrot.  Since carrots are only native to 
Earth, Hakubi had a store of them in a subspace pocket so Rye-Ohki could have 
carrots away from Earth.  And since it was subspace, the carrots were preserved 
perfectly.  After they had finished their breakfast, they jumped out of the tree 
and continued their journey to the city.
	Once they cleared the forest, walking became a lot easier.  They made it 
into the city in only a few hours.  Surius was a busy metropolitan, much like 
the cities of Jurai.  People were walking everywhere, busy about their own 
things.  Hakubi walked up to the first vid-payphone he saw.  "Remember the 
plan?"
	'Yes, I'm ready.'  Hakubi dialed a few numbers and got the operator.  
	"How can I help you?" a robotic voice answered.
	"I would like to place a call to the planet Jurai."  
"Please deposit 500 credits."  Hakubi took out a card from a subspace pocket 
that read "Washu Express: Don't leave the dimension without it!" and fed it into 
a slot on the machine.  A click later, he heard a dial tone.  Hakubi punched in 
a series of number and waited.  A few clicks later, most likely caused by Zove 
and his men monitoring all outgoing transmissions, the phone started to ring.  
The phone rang a few times and the answering machine picked it up.
	An image of a crab appeared on the screen and Washu's voice said, "You've 
reached the greatest genius scientist in the universe.  I'm too busy working on 
the greatest invention of all time right now to listen to your inane banter, so 
leave a message and I'll get back to you whenever I feel like it.  Ha, ha, ha, 
ha... BEEP..."
	"Hi everyone, it's me!" Hakubi shouted into the phone, smiling like he was 
happy to be there.  "It was a bumpy flight, but we got here in one piece.  Some 
bad news to report.  They lost my luggage.  Seems like pirates stole it for all 
they know.  I wish you guys where here.  I'm sending you some pictures that I 
took."  Hakubi put the CD of the data Rye-Ohki had collected into another slot 
and push the "Transmit" button.  Rye-Ohki filled in the silence with very loud 
meowing.  "Damn it Carry-Ohki I'm trying to talk, can't you be quiet!"  Rye-Ohki 
responded with even louder meowing and started to jump up and down on Hakubi's 
head.  "I'll call you later."  Hakubi hung up and phone and sighed.  
	'Think they will get the hint?'
	"I hope so, I really hope so."

	"Sir, we have a transmission to Jurai from a pay phone," A Syrean office 
told his commander.  
	"Anything special about it?"
	"Just some tourist, but some data was also transmitted."
	"What was it?"
	"Decoding now."  The pictures came up on their monitor and it was not what 
they expected.  They were pictured of carrots.  One had Rye-Ohki hugging a 
carrot, and another had him eating one.  "Nothing but this strange orange root."
	"Forget about it then."

	It was one o'clock Juraian standard time, and that meant that all the 
women were gathered around the television watching the soap opera, As the 
Planets Orbit.  "Did you find anything about Ten-chan?" Sasami asked Washu 
during a commercial break.
	"Not much.  The data he sent us was basically about the pirates.  There 
was nothing that our intelligence couldn't have figured out with our resources, 
but the scan was incomplete, so who knows what else he found," Washu replied.
	"I see."  Sasami turned back to the television, lost in her own thoughts.
	"What did the Syreans say?"
	"General Zove said that they will keep and eye out for them, and would 
contact us the moment they found something," Sasami replied.  "No news yet," she 
added.  The show ended with one of the main characters finding out that she is 
the twin of her sister's cousin's ex-roommate's sister-in-law's adopted 
daughter.  Everyone went their separate ways, with Washu going to her lab.  She 
sat down on a cushion and summoned her computer.  A little crab with a letter in 
one claw flashed on the bottom of her screen.  She clicked on the crab and 
Hakubi's message started to play.
	As soon as the message ended, Washu ran out of her lab to look for Sasami.  
She found her fifteen minutes later with Ryo-Ohki in the garden.  "Sasami...Ten-
chan...message...lab...now!" Washu managed to say, panting after running through 
the whole palace looking for her.
	"Ten-chan sent a message?  Let's go!"  Sasami grabbed Washu's hand and ran 
to the lab, half carrying Washu with her.
	"Miya!" Ryo-Ohki cried as she ran after them.

	Washu played them the message and waited for a reaction.  "That was 
weird," was all Sasami could say.
	"I'll say, look at the pictures he sent."  Washu pressed a button and 
images of carrots filled the screen.
	Ryo-Ohki meowed to herself few times and ran back the message in her head.  
As if a light bulb hand turned on above her, Ryo-Ohki jumped up and meowed, 
'That's it!'
	"What was that?" Washu asked.  Ryo-Ohki asked for her to play the message 
again, and they all listened carefully.  As soon as the message ended, Ryo-Ohki 
burst into a fury of meows.  "Slow down, your not making sense."  Washu listened 
for a few seconds and typed a few commands into the computer.  "She says that 
Rye-Ohki had said something to her in the background, but she could not 
understand it because of all the background noise," Washu explained for the 
benefit of Sasami.  She played the message again, this time will all the sound 
turned off except for Rye-Ohki.
	"Miya, miya!" Ryo-Ohki cried out in joy, and mentally spoke to Washu.
	"I knew something was up when he called him Carry-Ohki.  The last time he 
used that name was when he went back in time to stop Kain."  Her fingers flew 
over the keyboard as she explained what had happened to Sasami.  "Ryo-Ohki says 
that Rye-Ohki told her that the pirates have the generators and had destroyed 
Hondaioh.  They're in Surius right now trying to get help.  He also mentioned 
that General Zove is some how affiliated with the pirates and that he took 
another sensor scan of their base and Hakubi had sent it to us using a special 
cabbit encryption.  Those were the pictures of carrots we got."  She finished 
typing and a new image filled the screen.  This time it was the scan data that 
Rye-Ohki had taken.  The images focused on various ships and gave a readout on 
each one.  When it got the Vengeance, both Washu and Sasami gasped.
	"Is that the Soja?" Sasami asked.
	Washu looked at the data and brought up some more information on the ship.  
"No it's not the Soja.  It just looks similar to it."  Washu brought up the 
schematics of the Soja and compared the two.  "As you can clearly see, my ship 
is still far more superior.  It just looks the same because that is the most 
functional shape for a ship of its class."
	"And what class is that?"
	"Planet destroyer of course," Washu replied proudly.
	"Did you say planet destroyer?" Sasami asked, hoping that she misheard 
her.
	"Of course I did.  See the big cannon in the center?"  And arrow appeared 
on the screen pointing to the central cannon on the Vengeance and the Soja.  
"The Soja used gems for power, but this ship uses something more primitive."  
Washu scanned the notes that Hakubi had added to the data, and confirmed her 
theory.  "It looks like the pirates are going to use the planetary shield 
generators to power the cannon.  That's a lot of re-wiring to do, but it can 
easily be done if you have to right equipment, which they have been stealing 
from Juraian shipping."
	"I think I should go prepare the fleet.  Who knows what is going to happen 
if Zove is involved with the pirates."
	"That's a good idea.  I'll look over this data some more and see what else 
I can find."

	'What do we do now Hakubi?' asked Rye-Ohki.  A few hours had passed since 
they called home and they where sitting in an outdoor caf‚ across from the 
Imperial Palace.  
	'As soon as it gets dark, we're going to pay the King a visit,' Hakubi 
thought back.
	'Why can't we just go to the Galaxy Police?'
'Well, for one thing, the Galaxy Police do not have any jurisdiction on Syreius.  
Even if they believe us, they can't do anything about it.  And we don't know how 
deep this conspiracy goes.  We need to find out if the King is also involved 
with the pirates.  If he's not, then he can help us.'
	'OK,' Rye-Ohki replied.  He finished his bowl of carrot juice and asked 
Hakubi, 'Can I have another one?'
	'Sure,' Hakubi answered with a smile and called out for the waiter.

	Surius had a busy nightlife.  Citizens and tourists walked the sidewalks 
chatting and window-shopping.  No one noticed a particular Juraian with a cat-
like creature on his shoulder slip into a dark alleyway near the palace.  When 
he was sure no one was looking, Hakubi teleported onto the roof of the building 
he was next to.  It was not tall enough to see over the walls of the palace, but 
he could see the roof of a large building in the center of the compound that had 
many skylights in it.  A patrol car passed overhead and Hakubi hid in the 
shadows.  As soon as it was gone, he jumped in to the air and flew over the wall 
and onto the roof of the large building.  Hakubi didn't bother to land, and 
floated to the nearest skylight and looked inside.  He saw a soldier talking to 
a woman dressed like a secretary and he floated over to the next one.  This one 
was on top of a large staircase and no one was inside.  Hakubi floated to the 
next one.  He had hit the jackpot.  Underneath was King Creyass himself, working 
at his desk.
	"Perfect," Hakubi said quietly as he landed.  Rye-Ohki jumped off his 
shoulder and onto the glass and pressed his ear to it.  Hakubi did the same.  He 
could barely make out some whistling.  He was about to phase through it and talk 
to the King when the door of the office opened and General Zove stepped through.  
Hakubi stopped with only his head phased through the glass.
	"You wanted to see me Sire?" Zove asked his king.
	"Yes I did General," Zove replied and sat up in his chair.  "Where are my 
generators?"
	"I do not know Sire.  The Juraian freighter has not arrived yet."
	"It should have arrived yesterday.  Did you contact Jurai?"
	<So he doesn't know about Zove and the pirates,> Hakubi thought to 
himself.
	"Yes your Majesty, and they said that the ship may take a few more days."
	"Then why did Princess Sasami contact me personally to ask about the 
progress of the search for the missing generators?" Creyass yelled at Zove.
	"I do not know your Majesty," Zove replied, starting to fluster.  "I was 
never notified that they where missing."
	'Stay here,' Hakubi ordered Rye-Ohki and phased completely through the 
glass.  He landed softly behind Zove.
	"I can tell you what happened to the generator," Hakubi spoke up.  Zove 
spun around and gasped in surprise.
	"Who the devil are you, and how did you get in here?" Creyass yelled at 
Hakubi.  Zove pulled out his communicator and tried to turn it on before Hakubi 
shot it out of his hand with an energy blast.
	"I prefer we keep this meeting private," Hakubi icily said to Zove.  Zove 
rubbed his gloved hand and drew his blaster.  
	"Put that away Zove," Creyass ordered.  Zove lowered his blaster, but did 
not holster it.  "Now who are you?" 
	"I am the pilot of the Juraian freighter that was carrying your 
generators.  The freighter that Zove and his pirates raided with the help of a 
traitor."  Hakubi looked Zove straight in the eye.
	"Zove and his pirates?  You mean to tell me that my highest ranking 
general is in league with the pirates?" Creyass asked, even more surprised.
	"That's right.  Why don't you tell him yourself Zove?"
	Zove slowly turned around and looked at the king.  "He's right.  I am the 
leader of the pirates and I stole those generators."
	"But why?"  Creyass leaned back into his chair, still not believing what 
he was hearing.
	"Because you are a pathetic leader!" Zove spit back.  "Syreas should be 
the most powerful empire in the universe, second to no one.  Under your rule we 
have become weak and subservient to the damn Juraians.  But with those 
generators, Syreas will become the greatest empire once again.  And we no longer 
need you."  Zove raised his blaster and shot Creyass through the heart.  Creyass 
flinched and slumped in his chair, dead.
	"You bastard!  You're not getting away with this!" Hakubi yelled at Zove.
	"Catch," was Zove's reply and he tossed Hakubi his blaster, which he 
caught without thinking.  Zove drew another blaster and pointed it at Hakubi.  
"Guards!" Zove yelled over his shoulder to the door.  Hakubi dropped the gun in 
disgust once he realized what was going on.  Two guards burst through the door 
and froze when they saw their dead king.  "He killed the king!  Don't let him 
get away!"
	"Oh shit!" Hakubi cursed as the guards advanced, blasters ready.  "You 
will not get away with this Zove.  I'll be back for you."  Hakubi jumped up into 
the air and teleported outside to the roof.
	'What's going on?' Rye-Ohki asked.  He had seen everything, but did not 
hear it all.
	'I'll explain later, we have to go."  Hakubi scooped up Rye-Ohki and put 
him on his shoulder as alarms went off all around them.  A hover car appeared 
above them and turned on its spotlights.
	"Stop right there you scum!" a voice ordered from the car.  Hakubi didn't 
bother to listen and took off, flying low over the roof to the outer wall.  
"Stop or we will fire!"  Hakubi cleared the wall and flew into the heart of the 
city, hoping to loose them in the traffic above the downtown area.  The hover 
car opened fire and followed them.  Rye-Ohki hung on for dear life has Hakubi 
weaved between the buildings and dodged laser blasts.
	They flew over the center of town and towards an abandoned area.  <This is 
perfect,> Hakubi thought to himself.  The hover car got closer and fired more 
rapidly.  Hakubi took a quick look over his shoulder and teleported.  He 
materialized right behind the hover car and shot out its engines with a small 
energy blast.  The car spiraled down into an abandoned building, with smoke 
trailing out its back.  Hakubi quickly flew another block and teleported into an 
abandoned warehouse.  A few minutes later some more hover cars shot overhead, 
thinking that he had flown on.  They waited a few more minutes in silence.  When 
the hover cars could no longer be heard, Hakubi went outside and started to walk 
back to the center of the city.
	'So what is going on?' Rye-Ohki asked impatiently.  Hakubi sighed and 
started to explain what had happened as they made their way back to the city.  
	
	They reached a busy street and Hakubi looked around, the police were 
everywhere.  He teleported onto the nearest building and stood under an overhang 
to hide himself from the hover cars.  Suddenly a large view screen came to life 
on a building that everyone could see.  It was Zove.  
	"I have some sad news to report."  The imaged changed from Zove's face to 
a still shot of Hakubi and Zove standing in front of the King.  Zove had his 
blaster pointed at Hakubi, who had a blaster lying on the floor at his feet.  A 
smoking hole could be seen in the King's chest.  "Our beloved King has been 
assassinated."  Hakubi could hear a collective gasp rise from the crowd below 
him.  "He was killed by a known Juraian agent."  The imaged changed to a picture 
of Hakubi.  "He has escaped our attempts to capture him.  If you see this man, 
notify the authorities immediately."
	<Oh great,> Hakubi thought to himself.  <Now I'm wanted for killing a 
king.  Mom is going to love this.>
	The image changed back to Zove.  "As second in command and general of all 
the armies, I am assuming command of the Syrean Empire and declaring marshal law 
until this crisis is over.  This cowardly deed by the Juraian Empire is an act 
of war, and will be dealt with as such.  As of two minutes ago, we are now at 
war with the Juraian Empire.  Remember our slain Sovereign and know that we did 
not start this fight, but we will end it with our victory!"  Zove's face 
disappeared, replaced by a wanted poster of Hakubi.
	"I think we better get someplace to hide, till some of this blows over," 
Hakubi said out loud.  Rye-Ohki meowed in agreement.
	What had taken them only a few minutes before now took a few hours to 
reach the edge of the city.  Hakubi had to use back alleyways and the rooftops 
to avoid the police and pedestrians.  He came to an abandoned building and 
phased through the boarded up door.
	"I guess this is going to be home for a while," Hakubi told Rye-Ohki.  
They walked into a medium sized room near the back of the building.  Hakubi 
broke up some empty crates that were lying around and a weak energy blast set 
them on fire.
	Ryo-Ohki jumped off Hakubi's shoulder and changed to his humanoid form in 
front of the fire.  'I'm hungry.  Can I have a carrot?'
	"Sure."  Hakubi opened a subspace pocket and pulled out a carrot.  He 
tossed it to Rye-Ohki and reached in for another one.  His hand felt something 
strange and he pulled it out.  It was a small red cellular phone.  Stuck to the 
back was a note that had a number on it and a message that read, "Call for a 
good time!"  Hakubi recognized the number and smiled.  He turned on the phone 
and dialed.  A few rings later, someone answered.
	"I see you found my latest invention.  I knew you would get to it sooner 
or later if I put it in your carrot pocket," said Washu.  
	"A cell phone is hardly a new invention," Hakubi replied.
	"This is not a cell phone.  It is a subspace communicator with triple 
encryption and a data port for sending information.  Hang on, I'll call you back 
as soon as I can round up the others."  With that Washu hung up.  
	Hakubi put the phone down and pulled out some more carrots from the 
subspace pocket.  Rye-Ohki had already finished the first one greedily grabbed 
another.  A few minutes later the phone rang.  Hakubi picked it up and answered 
it.
	"Ten-chan, are you all right?" Sasami's voice came from the speaker.
	"What's going on over there?" Tenchi's voice also came over the speaker.
	"Did you really have to kill him?" this was Ryoko, "I mean, I understand 
if you had to, but..."
	"Miya!  Miya!" Ryo-Ohki added.
	"Ah!" Hakubi yelled as he held the phone away from his ear.  They were 
using a speakerphone and had spoken at the same time very loudly.  He put the 
phone back to his ear and heard Washu try to get control over the group.
	"Now then, why don't you start at the beginning, Ten-chan," Washu calmly 
asked over the phone.  Hakubi sighed and explained what had happened, starting 
with the pirate attack.
	An hour later he finished.  "That explains a lot," Said Devon.  
	"It sure does," Tenchi agreed.  "Ten-chan, do you know what has happened 
since Zove killed Creyass?"
	"No.  I had to avoid everyone, my picture is all over the place," Hakubi 
answered.
	"Zove wasn't bluffing when he said he declared war.  We received a formal 
declaration a couple of hours ago with an added clause that states that all 
Juraians have 72 hours to leave the system or they will be taken as prisoners of 
war.  It's a good thing the Kiyone and Mihoshi are near by.  They're heading 
towards you right now to try to smooth things over.  They should arrive by 
tomorrow.  You should try to contact them and give them your side of the story."
	"Finally some good news!" Hakubi shouted with joy.  "And I can take of 
this silly disguise now."
	"No, don't do that," Ayeka suddenly said over the phone.  "If they find 
out that the Prince is in Surius, it will only raise more suspicions that we 
orchestrated the King's assassination.  And the police and army will try even 
harder to capture you for leverage in the war."	
	"I understand.  Is there anything else?"
	"No, nothing right now.  We'll call if we need to talk to you," Sasami 
replied.  Rye-Ohki mewed a goodbye and Hakubi hung up the phone.
	"We better start heading to the Galaxy Police Embassy.  It's on the other 
side of the city."  Rye-Ohki finished his carrot and changed into his cabbit 
form and hopped onto Hakubi's shoulder.  Hakubi stamped out the fire and headed 
out.

	They had made good time traveling to the embassy and reached it late in 
the next morning.  Hakubi had teleported them to the roof of a nearby building 
that overlooked the embassy.  "I'm going to take a nap," Hakubi said with a 
yawn.  "Wake me if anything happens."  He found a shaded spot and laid down.  
Rye-Ohki hopped to the edge of the roof and looked around, watching the people 
below walk around.

	"Damn the Galaxy Police," Zove said to Suno, who had just arrived on 
planet.  "When will the Vengeance be ready?"
	"Engines and life support are already functional.  The main cannon will 
take another day to bring online," Suno replied.
	"That's too long.  The Galaxy Police ambassador from Jurai will arrive 
today.  If that damn Juraian agent contacts her, our plans will be ruined."
	"What do you propose we do?" Suno asked, knowing what the answer would be.
	"Don't let him contact her, or her contact him for that matter.  I can't 
be involved with this, so don't tell me anything.  But you can do whatever it 
takes to stop them."
	"Yes sir."  Suno bowed and left Zove's office.  <It would be too hard to 
get Misaki.  It would a whole lot easier to get the Ambassador instead,> Suno 
thought to himself as he made his way to the armory.

	'Hakubi wake up, they're coming!' Rye-Ohki mewed loudly.
	"How long have I been asleep?" Hakubi asked as he sat up.
	'Only a few hours, look down the road.'  Hakubi got up and looked to where 
Rye-Ohki was pointing.  He saw two hover cars come down the street.  They where 
painted black and the windows where heavily tinted.  Both cars had the Galaxy 
Police flag attached to the front.
	'Can we go meet them?' Rye-Ohki asked excitedly.
	"You go ahead, I'll come down in a few minutes."  
	Rye-Ohki gave Hakubi a puzzled look and dismissed it.  He jumped off the 
building and used his own flying powers to break his fall.  He raced across the 
street and up to the cars.  Four Galaxy Police officers emerged from the first 
car and one of them opened the door of the second car.  Mihoshi stepped out 
first followed by Kiyone.  Rye-Ohki zigzagged around the legs of the guards and 
changed into his humanoid form with a "Meow!"
	"Rye-Ohki!  What a nice surprise!" Mihoshi squealed in delight as she 
scooped up the cabbit-child in a hug.  Despite their awkward first meeting, Rye-
Ohki found that Mihoshi was actually fun to be with and hugged her back.
	"Rye-Ohki!  Where is Ten-chan?" Kiyone asked.  Rye-Ohki pointed over 
Mihoshi's shoulder to a building and saw a flash of light.

	Hakubi saw Mihoshi hug Rye-Ohki and smiled at the scene.  He stepped 
closer to the edge when a small explosion and a flash of light erupted from the 
building next to him.  He turned his head to see a rocket fly through the window 
and streak towards his friends.
	'Rye-Ohki!  Shield, now!' Hakubi yelled to his cabbit through his mental 
link and flew towards the building.

	Rye-Ohki got the message and closed his eyes.  A split second later a 
force field formed around the group.  "What the?" Kiyone gasped as the rocket 
struck the shield and exploded.  The blast knocked all of them off their feet, 
but they were uninjured.  Kiyone opened her eyes and saw Rye-Ohki standing with 
his eyes closed and his arms spread.  
	"Rye-Ohki what happened?"  Suddenly the building across the street started 
to shake.  Kiyone looked over and saw a series of explosion go off inside.  It 
looked like there was a war going on.  Only on the fifth floor though.  Familiar 
beams of purple energy lanced through the walls and windows as the explosions 
rolled across the fifth floor, approaching the wall nearest to them.  A second 
later, a battered hard-suit tore through the wall and landed on its back with a 
crunch on top of a car.  Kiyone looked at the suit and recognized a rocket 
launcher on one arm that had been cleanly cut in half.  She looked up at the 
hole and saw a figure standing there with smoke billowing out behind him.  He 
had glowing purple eyes and a ball of purple energy in one hand.  
	The hard-suit suddenly lurched to its feet and pointed a laser cannon on 
its other arm at Kiyone.  Kiyone yelled out in surprise, as a large beam of 
purple energy slammed into the hard-suit's shoulder, knocking it of its feet 
again.  In a blink of an eye, Hakubi was on top of it.  He used his energy sword 
and cut the other arm off and with both his hands, he ripped off the chest 
plate.
	"You!" Hakubi gasped, looking at Suno inside the hard-suit.
	"It's the assassin!" a bystander shouted and pointed to Hakubi.  "Get 
him!"  
	Hakubi looked around and saw a mob of angry Syreans heading towards him.  
He reached inside the hard-suit and pulled Suno out.  He threw him at the feet 
of the Galaxy Police guards and said, "Book him!" and took off.  
	'Stay with Kiyone, I'll be back once I loose this mob,' Hakubi thought to 
Rye-Ohki.
	"Hakubi, come back here!" Kiyone yelled at him as he flew away.  She got 
up and started to follow but Rye-Ohki grabbed her arm and shook his head with a 
small meow.  "He better have a good explanation for all this!" Kiyone said to 
Rye-Ohki.  Rye-Ohki replied with a happy meow and jumped up to give her a hug.  
"I'm glad to see you too," Kiyone said with a sigh.
	"Wow!  What happened?" Mihoshi asked in her usual clueless tone.  Kiyone 
looked at the damage.  One car was crushed by the hard-suit and the other was 
completely destroyed, except for the portion that Rye-Ohki's shield had 
overlapped.  The building across the street was on fire and fire crews were 
already on scene to put it out.
	"Just like Ryoko.  Everywhere he goes, destruction follows," Kiyone said 
under her breath.  Rye-Ohki just smiled, as if nothing had happened at all.

	Hakubi easily got a way from the angry mob and made his way back to the 
Galaxy Police Embassy.  He could feel that Rye-Ohki was somewhere in the 
building on an upper floor.  He walked through the front door and through a 
hidden scanner imbedded in the door jam.  A light blinked on the front desk and 
Hakubi could see the guard working the desk push some buttons.
	"Where can I find Ambassador Makibi?" Hakubi calmly asked the guard.
	"Just one moment," the guard replied nervously.  He pushed some more 
buttons and Hakubi thought he heard the door behind him lock.  Two policemen 
walked up from behind and drew their blasters.
	"Put your hands up, you're under arrest!" a policeman shouted to Hakubi.  
Hakubi sighed and complied with their orders.  Another policeman rushed up to 
him and cuffed him.  They led him to a room and pushed him inside.
	"Look, just contact the Ambassador and everything will be cleared up," 
Hakubi tried to tell the policemen.
	"Be quiet!" a policeman ordered and pushed Hakubi into a chair next to the 
table in the room.  Two more policemen walked in, one had brown hair, the other 
black.
	"I'm Detective First Class Lunes and this is my partner Detective First 
Class Vernes," the policeman with brown hair told him.
	"Good for you.  Now can I please talk to the Ambassador?" Hakubi asked.
	"You are under arrest for the murder of King Creyass and other crimes of 
conspiracy against the Syrean Government," Lunes answered, ignoring Hakubi's 
question.
	"Hello?  Is anyone home?  Let me speak with the Ambassador!"
	"We'll never let murdering scum like you get near the ambassador," Vernes 
spoke up.  
	Hakubi decided that reasoning would not work and another method was 
needed.  He tried to phase through his cuffs and got a shock in return.  He 
looked at them carefully and noticed that they were energy handcuffs.  
Apparently the police thought he was a real threat and made the extra effort to 
use the special handcuffs.  He put his hands under the table and made a small 
energy knife.  He flipped the knife so it pointed inwards and stabbed the lock 
of his handcuffs.
	"I was the one who saved the Ambassador remember?" Hakubi tried again.
	"That may be, but the pilot of the hard suit indicated that you were the 
one who hired him to kill the ambassador," said Lunes.
	"That is a bunch of B.S.  Suno is a Juraian traitor who works for General 
Zove.  Contact the Ambassador and everything will be cleared up."
	"Why don't you pipe down, the Syrean Police are already on their way to 
pick you up, you can complain all you want to them," said Vernes.
	"That's it!  I'm going to see her myself!"  Hakubi stood up and threw his 
handcuffs and the surprised detectives.
	'Rye-Ohki!  Where are you?' Hakubi asked mentally as he flew through the 
ceiling leaving the detectives in a panic.

	"Damn that Ten-chan!" Kiyone yelled out loud as she paced the floor of her 
quarters.  "He is always running off somewhere leaving us in the lurch.  Why 
can't he be more responsible like his father?"
	"Stop worrying Kiyone," said Mihoshi.  She and Rye-Ohki were playing 
patty-cake on the sofa.  "Or you're going to have another nervous breakdown."
	"And who was it that caused it?" Kiyone asked angrily and she stormed up 
to Mihoshi.  Rye-Ohki let out a laugh and jumped up to Kiyone and gave her a 
kiss on her cheek.  "Rye-Ohki, do you know where Hakubi is?"  Rye-Ohki nodded 
and pointed at the floor.  "What?"

	Hakubi phased through the ceiling to the second floor, and kept rising.  
He saw the police tumble out of the stairwell just before he phased through the 
next ceiling.  He kept on rising for two more levels, with the police running up 
the stair following him.  He ended his assent on the fifth floor and flew down 
the hall.  He stopped in the middle of a hallway and looked up.
	'Rye-Ohki, you're on the sixth floor not the fifth,' Hakubi thought to his 
cabbit.
	'Whoops,' came a reply.  Hakubi flew upwards and phased through the 
ceiling.  He popped up right next to Rye-Ohki, startling Kiyone.
	"Tenchi Masaki!  You have a lot of explaining to do!" Kiyone yelled at 
him.  Hakubi winced slightly; he knew that she was really mad at him when she 
used his proper name. 
	Mihoshi jumped off the sofa and gave him a big hug, yelling out "Ten-
chan!"
	"Hi Mihoshi," Hakubi replied.  "Look Kiyone, I can explain everything, but 
I need you to clear something up for me first."  At that moment, the police 
burst through the door.
	"Get him!" one of the policemen yelled.  
	"Get who?" Mihoshi asked, still hugging Hakubi.
	"The guy you're holding, Ma'am!"  
Mihoshi gave Hakubi a puzzled look and asked, "Are you playing hide and seek 
with the police?"
	"Don't be stupid Mihoshi!" yelled Kiyone.  "You guys get out of here.  
There's been a mistake, this is a friend of ours," Kiyone ordered the police.
	"Yes Ma'am," the police replied and left the room, with some scratching 
their heads.
	"Did I win?" Mihoshi asked, still oblivious to what the real situation 
was.
	"Yes you won.  Now tell us what is going on?" Kiyone asked.  
Hakubi started at the beginning and told them everything.  He pulled a data pad 
out of a subspace pocket and showed them the data on the Vengeance.  "And that's 
about all of it," said Hakubi.
	"So Zove killed the king and assumed power, and with this new ship he can 
stay in power and try to conquer the rest of the universe," Kiyone summed up.  
	"That's right.  And now he declared war on Jurai."  Hakubi was about to 
continue but was interrupted by a knocking at the door.
	"Come in," Kiyone yelled.  A policewoman entered and handed Kiyone a data 
disc.
	"This just came from Jurai over the super-interspace hotline.  And the 
Syrean police is here and want custody of the assassin and the hard suit pilot," 
said the woman.
	"Tell them that we made a mistake and do not have the assassin, and about 
the pilot," Kiyone looked over to Hakubi who shook his head, "don't let them 
have him.  Tell them that he attacked the Galaxy Police and that gives us 
jurisdiction."  The woman saluted and left. 
	Kiyone picked up a data pad and inserted the disc.  Images of Ryo-Ohki and 
carrots came up.  "Let me try," Hakubi said with a laugh.  He ejected the disc 
and put it in his data pad.  "The message was cabbit encrypted and this data pad 
can decode it," Hakubi explained.  He pushed play and an image of Washu in her 
professor uniform appeared.
	"Hello everyone, and welcome to Starship Anatomy 101."  Washu smiled and a 
screen came down out of nowhere.  "This is the Vengeance."  A picture of the 
ship appeared.  "Not a very original name, but it's not a very original design 
anyways."  The imaged transformed into a cross-section of the ship.  "Unlike my 
perfect Soja, this ship requires massive amounts of energy to power its main 
cannon.  So every cubic meter of free space is used in generating this power.  
That means that there is a very small crew compliment, most likely just a 
commander, a pilot, and a weapons officer.  Everything else is automated.  The 
two shield generators that they stole are the key components in powering this 
ship."  Washu pulled out a pointer and pointed to a wing of the ship.  
"According to the data that you provided, I can say with a moderate amount of 
certainty that there will a generator in each wing of the ship.  All you have to 
do is find these generators and destroy them.  This will cause a chain reaction 
that will destroy the whole ship.  A single standard Galaxy Police high 
explosive charge attached to each generator ought to do it.  Or you can just 
work your way up to the bridge and take over control of the ship, but where's 
the fun in that?"
	"You can't be serious?" Kiyone asked.  "You want to take that ship on by 
yourself?"
	"Why should you destroy or take over this ship you may ask," Washu 
continued.  "Because if the pirates wired everything correctly and can convert 
100% of the maximum shield potential energy to cannon energy, it will so 
powerful that even Tsunami may not be able to stop it.  This ship is a major 
threat to the whole universe and it first target is Jurai.  I'm sure your mother 
will be very annoyed if her home planet got turned into a pile of component 
atoms."
	"Great," Kiyone said under her breath.
	"Rye-Ohki should be able to fly you back to the pirate's asteroid base, 
but I'm pretty sure they moved the ship by now.  Your homework assignment is to 
find the new position of the Vengeance.  Send it back to us and the fleet will 
be able to help you.  That is all for today, class is dismissed."  The message 
ended and Hakubi tossed the data pad into a subspace pocket.
	"I know where we can find the location of the Vengeance," Hakubi said to 
Kiyone.  "But first, can I use your shower?"  Kiyone face-faulted.  

	Suno sat in a small white room with only a metal table and a few chairs as 
decoration.  There was a large mirror covering one wall and a camera in the 
corner.  Kiyone walked in and sat down in the chair across from Suno.
	"I know who you are," Kiyone said to Suno, "And I know what you did."  
Suno gave Kiyone an amused look.  "Is that so?  Then what do you want?"
	"I want to know where the Vengeance is."
	Suno gave a small laugh.  "Do you really think I will tell you that?  
Don't play me as a fool!"
	"If that ship gets to Jurai, millions will die!  Don't you care about your 
home planet?" Kiyone pleaded.
	"Home planet?" Suno spit back, starting to get angry.  "Once that pathetic 
weakly became emperor, Jurai no longer held any meaning for me.  Jurai needs a 
strong, noble leader, not a backwater, farm boy who got lucky with the Emperor's 
daughter.  Jurai will be better off under the rule of General Zove.  With the 
combined strength of Syreas and Jurai, no one would dare appose us!"
	"You have no idea what Tenchi went through for Ayeka!" Kiyone yelled back.  
"He's more noble than any Juraian I know and he would do anything to protect the 
ones he loves and Jurai!"  Kiyone stood up and grabbed Suno's shirt, pulling him 
out of his chair.  "And I pity those who would dare cross swords with him," 
Kiyone said icily as she looked directly into Suno's eyes.
	"Kiyone, this is going no where. Let me take a crack at him," Hakubi's 
voice came over the intercom.
	"Fine."  Kiyone pushed Suno back into his chair.  The door opened and Rye-
Ohki, in his humanoid form, waked in.  He grabbed Kiyone's hand and led her 
outside.
	"Misaki is that you?  Or should I call you Masaki?" Suno called out, 
smiling into the mirror.
	"So you finally figured it out," Hakubi replied as he phased through the 
mirror.  He had washed out the dye in his hair and removed the contact lenses.  
	"Not everyone can tear apart a hard suit by himself."  Hakubi closed the 
door and unplugged the camera before he walked up to Suno.
	"Now that we have some privacy, we can talk."  
	"Oh, I'm so scared!" Suno cried in mock fear.
	"You know what your crimes are," Suno smiled, "and you know what the 
punishment for high treason and spying is."
	"You can't touch me," said Suno confidently.
	"Really?  You see, we have this understanding with the Galaxy Police where 
we get to prosecute anyone who breaks Juraian law.  And because of the nature of 
your crimes, the extradition process has been sped up.  And you are on Galaxy 
Police territory right now, so the Syreans can't help you.  The bottom line is, 
your head is already mine!"
	Suno stopped smiling, "I want my lawyer."
	"And don't think it will be a quick death.  I'm sure my Grandmother and 
Aunt wouldn't want that," Hakubi continued, ignoring Suno.  "Ah, I know the 
perfect way."  Hakubi looked at Suno and gave him an evil smile.  "You think 
that we're pretty weak huh?"  Suno only stared.  In a flash of light, Hakubi 
changed into his light hawk armor, with five wings in front of him.  "First goes 
your right leg."  Hakubi grabbed a wing, forming the light hawk sword and 
stabbed it through the table, leaving only the handle sticking up.  Suno 
flinched.  "And then your other leg."  Hakubi formed another sword and slammed 
into through the table next to the other sword.  "And then each of your arms."  
Hakubi formed a sword in each hand and stuck both of them in the table.  "And 
I'll go real slow, to make sure to burn close the wound.  So you will be quite 
alive for the last one."  Hakubi formed a sword with his last wing and placed 
the tip under Suno's chin.  A bead of sweat ran down the side of Suno's face.  
"Or you can tell me what I want to know, and we'll let the Galaxy Police handle 
you."  Hakubi let go of his sword and all five light hawk swords disappeared.  
Suno gulped and fidgeted in his chair.  Hakubi leaned forward and placed both 
hands on the table and asked, "What do you have to say?"  He gave Suno another 
evil smile with his eyes glowing an eerie yellow.
	"All right!  I'll tell you everything." Suno yelled out.

	The mighty Syrean Space Armada rocketed through space, bolstered by the 
pirate ships and the Vengeance.  A lone Galaxy Police cruiser appeared and 
approached the fleet.
	"This is the Galaxy Police!  All Pirate vessels are ordered to cut their 
engines and are under arrest," Hakubi's voice came over the communicator.
	"Get rid of that annoyance," Zove ordered from the bridge of the 
Vengeance.  A few of the ships nearest to the police cruise opened fire.  The 
cruiser dodged the first volley and returned fire.  One Syrean ship was hit and 
veered away.  Soon, more ships entered the fracas and the Galaxy Police cruiser 
was quickly destroyed.
	"Damage report," Zove called out.
	"Minimal damage to three Syrean destroyers," a soldier reported.
	"How soon till we reach Juraian space?"
	"Approximately one hour."

	'Kiyone is not going to be happy,' Rye-Ohki thought to Hakubi.
	"I know," Hakubi replied as he tossed the remote control for the police 
cruiser into a subspace pocket.  "I'll write her a check.  Did they detect us?"
	'Not yet, your plan is working.'  Rye-Ohki stealthily made his way closer 
to the fleet from the rear.  The police cruiser had been a diversion so that 
they could board the Vengeance without being noticed.  Rye-Ohki flew right 
behind the Vengeance and matched its speed.  Hakubi concentrated for a few 
seconds and teleported himself on board.  A second later, Rye-Ohki in his cabbit 
form phased through the hull and hopped onto Hakubi's shoulder.
	'Let's go!'  Hakubi quickly got his bearings and flew off in the direction 
of the nearest generator.  The ship was a maze of piping and wires.  <This place 
is more complicated that Washu's lab,> Hakubi thought to himself as he flew on.  
He came to a large cylindrical machine and stopped.  
	'Is this it?' Rye-Ohki asked.
	Hakubi looked it over and replied, 'It sure is.'  He pulled a fat, 
circular disk from a subspace pocket and set it against the machine.  He heard a 
faint click and the disk was secured.  He set it for remote detonation and armed 
it.  'One down, one more to go.'  

	Washu was correct and there were only three officers aboard.  "Sir, we are 
detecting an unusual energy reading from below," the weapons officer reported to 
Zove.
	"Let me see."  Zove looked at the monitor and saw a faint peak rise and 
fall in the energy spectrum.  "Run an internal thermal scan."  A second later 
the scan completed and Zove read the various readings.  "Activate security 
systems.  We have an intruder!"

	"That's the last one," Hakubi told Rye-Ohki as he armed the explosive.  
Suddenly an alarm went off.  "What now?"
	"Whoever you are, you're going to regret ever coming here!" a voice yelled 
over the intercom.
	'That's Zove!' Rye-Ohki thought to Hakubi.  'Let's blow this ship and him 
with it.'
	"No, not yet.  I have a better idea."  Rye-Ohki hung tightly as Hakubi 
flew through the hallway at top speed.  Automated security measures where being 
brought online and soon, they were facing a gauntlet of laser cannons and 
security robots.
	'Where are we going?' Rye-Ohki asked as he desperately hung on as Hakubi 
weaved between laser blasts.
	'We're going to the bridge,' Hakubi replied as he blasted some turrets.  
Hakubi sliced a few robots in half with his energy sword and continued down the 
hall.
	'There's too many of them!'  The hallway was now completely clogged with 
robots.  Hakubi let out a yell and created a force field around him and flew 
right into the middle of the mess.  Robots and laser blasts bounced off his 
force field and Hakubi flew down the hall unhindered, leaving a pile of twisted 
metal in his wake.  

	"The intruder is make his way to the bridge," an officer reported.
	"Seal the bridge, and get more security bots up here," Zove ordered.
	"Too late!"  They heard a loud explosion outside the bridge doors and then 
a purple beam of light poked through the thick metal door.  It made a large 
circle and the door fell open, with Hakubi standing on the other side.
	"I said I'd be back," Hakubi told Zove and he pointed his energy sword at 
him.  The pilot immediately went for his blaster, only to have it shot away by 
Hakubi with his other hand.  "Time for you to surrender."
	"You must be joking?" Zove asked in disbelief.  "Why should I surrender 
when I have the most powerful fleet in existence under my command?"
	"Because I'm going to make you!"  Hakubi jumped towards Zove, and reached 
out to punch him.  He swung and hit a force field instead.  The field gave of a 
large shock and Hakubi was pushed back.
	"You can't get near me."  Zove smiled and looked out the view screen.  
"Why don't you sit down and enjoy the show."  At that moment the Juraian fleet 
appeared.
	Sasami's image appeared on the view screen, "To all incoming vessels.  You 
have entered Juraian space without proper authorization.  Either turn back and 
go home or surrender."
	"We will do neither," Zove sneered at the screen.  "Even the great Tsunami 
can't withstand the power of this ship.  Either you surrender or you will be 
destroyed!"
	"Sir!  Approximately fifty Galaxy Police cruisers are approaching," an 
officer reported.
	"You stay out of this," Zove told the Galaxy Police.  "This is war and you 
have no right to interfere."
	"You are correct General," Kiyone replied as her image appeared on another 
view screen.  "We are not here for you, but for the pirates.  Unless they are 
under your protection, in which case, you'll be under arrest as well."
	Zove motioned to have communications put on hold and swore.  "Damn the 
Galaxy Police.  We can take them all on.  Lieutenant, prepare the main cannon 
for firing.  The target is Tsunami."
	"I don't think so," Hakubi spoke up.  He pulled a small remote from a 
pocket in his armor and pressed the button.  Instantly, two small explosions 
could be felt through the floor.  The lights dimmed and soon more explosions 
could be felt.
	"You didn't!" Zove yelled at Hakubi.  "Damage report now!"
	"Sir, the generators have been destroyed.  We're loosing power fast.  All 
systems are failing, we're going under!" the weapons officer reported.
	"No!  This can't be happening!  I was so close," Zove wailed and slumped 
to his knees.  The other soldiers ran for the escape pods and abandoned the 
ship.  
	With the power gone, the force field disappeared.  Hakubi walked up to 
Zove and picked him up by the front of his shirt.  "Now you are going to 
surrender." 
	"Never.  We will fight to the last man!" Zove spit back.
	"Then we'll have to do this the hard way.  Rye-Ohki."  Rye-Ohki 
transformed into his ship form while still on the bridge.  He smashed all the 
consoles and punched a hole in the ceiling.  Hakubi teleported himself and Zove 
inside once Rye-Ohki had finished transforming.  They blasted through the rest 
of the ceiling and flew away as the ship exploded behind them.  Rye-Ohki's light 
hawk wings went up to protect them from the blast, but the shock wave sent them 
tumbling.  They spun out of control for a few seconds and suddenly stopped.  
Hakubi looked out a viewport and saw Tsunami next to them.  She had caught them 
in her tractor beams.  <Thanks Mom,> Hakubi thought as he picked himself off the 
floor.  Rye-Ohki had imprisoned Zove in a large crystal the second he came 
aboard and it was now upside down, leaning against a wall.
	"To all Syrean warships," Hakubi said into an open channel, "We have your 
general."  Hakubi moved so the camera could see Zove trapped inside the crystal.  
"It is time for you to surrender."
	"If you surrender now, no harm will come to you.  General Zove will be 
brought to Jurai for trial," Sasami added onboard Tsunami.  "One vessel will be 
allowed to come with us, but the rest will be escorted back across the border.  
If you do not surrender peacefully, we will open fire.  You have ten minutes to 
decide."
	The pirate vessels immediate turned around and raced back home, with the 
Galaxy Police hot on their tails.  The other ships powered down their weapons 
and engines.  "This Commander Cruise of the Syrean Space Force," an older man 
with a gray beard replied.  "Being the highest ranking officer remaining, I 
officially surrender the Syrean Fleet.  My ship will accompany you to Jurai and 
I have ordered the remaining fleet back home."
	"That is acceptable, Commander," said Sasami.  She closed the channel and 
opened another.  "Why don't you two come aboard and say hello to your mother?" 
Sasami told Hakubi.

The End

Epilogue:

	To the public's surprise, General Zove was not only charged with crimes 
against Jurai but also for the assignation of King Creyass.  Washu had hacked 
into the Syrean security system and found the security camera footage of that 
night.  Once Zove saw the recording, he confessed to the crime and Hakubi was 
exonerated.  With their king gone, the Empirical Counsel assumed control of the 
Syrean Empire until a new king could be found.  Zove was sent back to Syreius to 
be punished for his crimes and faces a few hundred years of imprisonment on 
Jurai as well.  Lt. Suno was court-martialed and imprisoned, a Lt. Hakubi Misaki 
received a promotion and a medal for excellence beyond the call of duty, and of 
course, Rye-Ohki got a large basket of fresh carrots from Earth.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Well that ends my second story.  I hope you like it.  I know it is more about 
Hakubi than Tenchi and crew.  If you hate it, love it, or are just plain 
confused, please send all questions and comments to tm_fan1023@hotmail.com.  I 
would really like some feedback.  I have a few more ideas for other fics, so 
look for another one in the future.
