SSJ Tenchi Muyo!:  Prologue


    This fan fiction is based 5 years after the events of OAV 2 and Sasami 
is the only
one who has physically aged; she is now 13 years old. (So this means she was 
8 and
not 12 like in the OAV series.)

    A change in the Galaxy Police's leadership led to further changes within 
the
organization.  The force expanded its military presence significantly while
maintaining the original police units to act as internal security.  After 
about three
years of rebuilding, and after incorporating several minor powers, this new 
entity
named itself the Confederate Alliance.

    About two years ago on the Orion Colony, just outside Alliance 
territory, a
coalition was established.  This organization was apparently based on 
ambition and
greed for power.  Although small in size, the new force began to grow 
exponentially
and acquired support from throughout the colony.  Unfortunately, the 
Confederate
Alliance has been kept completely in the dark about all this.  The leader of 
the
coalition was a Goth called Hadess. (Hade from Hades but with the ess sound 
from a
word like 'mess'.)

    I introduced a new race to the TM continuity and according to Jurian 
history,
they're known as Goths.  This was a race that seemed to have their 
equivalent of
Jurian powers and long lifespan.  Some have been peaceful, but others are 
known to
be quite dangerous, not to mention extremely powerful.  Their size and dark 
features
were the most noticeable things about them.   The powerful ones (which are 
rare)
emerged, apparently from no-where, caused massive destruction and suddenly
disappeared as quickly as they appeared.  None of this has ever been proven 
but
seems to explain certain things that have happened in the last few hundred 
years.

    At the Masaki household things stayed roughly the same.  After a couple 
of years
of constant fighting, Ryoko and Ayeka finally grew to accept their 
situations.  The
rest of the house thought it was more to make an example for Sasami.  Washu 
also
changed as she started to work on her inventions less and less until she 
eventually
stopped altogether a few months ago.  After Sasami's birthday last month, 
things
suddenly took a change for the worse in the household.  Ryoko and Ayeka 
started up
their constant fighting again, and they seemed bent on making up for lost 
time, as it
was worse than ever.  Tenchi spent less time with the girls and used work in 
the field
as an excuse to stay away from the house.  Tenchi continued his training 
with his
grandfather.  He took the sessions far more seriously than in the past, and 
had reached
a level of skill and power greater than Ryoko or Ayeka.  Still, with all the 
training, for
some reason he hasn't been able to generate the Light Hawk Wings at will.

    The Coalition had just become a powerful force in the Orion colony.  
Operatives
managed to infiltrate Alliance Command and got a hold of high-level security 
codes.
These codes were used to send an 'authentic' signal to lure a ship there.  
When a ship
arrives, this evil organization is going to take it…by force if necessary.



Authors notes:  So, what do you think…please C&C.

