

Chapter 5

    There was a silence after Kagato appeared and disappeared.  No 
one eated.  Not a person moved.  Visibly, Tenchi was agitated.  
Deep within his mind he didn't want to Jurai.  He instead wanted to 
go to his room, and lie under the covers and pray that this was all 
a bad dream.

    But at the same time, another part of his mind was telling him 
that this was no dream.  This was serious, and he knew that he 
needed to act responsibly.  Tenchi thought for a few more moments, 
when he decided that it was better to act without thinking in this 
situation.  If he were to think anymore, he'd probably convince 
himself to hide from this problem.

    "I must go."  Tenchi spoke, his voice even, serious.  His voice 
suddenly cast away the silence.

    "No Tenchi!"  exclaimed Ryoko.  Washu was silent as she knew 
that she could not attempt to change what Fate had in store.  She 
had a feeling that Tenchi must meet  Kagato.  But deep within her 
heart, she didn't want him anywhere near Kagato.

    Tenchi was adamant.  "I'm going right now."  He stood up, 
determined to make sure no harm came to his grandfather, Ayeka, 
Sasami, and certainly not to any innocent bystanders.  Tenchi knew 
that this was an issue between him and Kagato only, but Kagato had 
the audacity to include a lot of innocent people into the mess.

    "But Tenchi!  There is no need for you to throw away your 
life!"  Ryoko grabbed onto Tenchi's arm in an effort to keep him 
still.  "Your Grandfather can handle the problem.  Don't go!  I 
don't want to see you get killed!"  Somehow, Tenchi managed to 
resist Ryoko's tempting and convincing arguments.

    Tenchi sighed.  "I wish I didn't have to go.  But, I must.  You 
expect my unarmed grandfather to do battle with Kagato."  Ryoko 
fell silent as she noticed that Tenchi had a point there.  "Besides,
 as a member of the Royal family, it is my duty to fight."

    Ryoko them made her mind as soon as she saw the determination 
in Tenchi's face.  "Then I'm coming along.  I want to help you."  
She seemed reluctant for awhile

    Mihoshi leaped up.  "And I'm coming to Tenchi!"  Mihoshi turned 
to Kiyone.  "Kiyone are you coming at all?  Oh this is going to be 
so exciting!"  Mihoshi prattled on and on about how she loved space 
travel.

    Kiyone muttered as she swallowed some rice.  "Sure I'm coming, 
I have to keep you alive, Mihoshi."

    Washu sighed.  "Well someone has to come along and make sure 
you kids don't get killed.  Count me in!"  Washu immediately 
bunched up next to Tenchi.  "And don't worry Tenchi, I'll be ready 
to take care of all of your needs."  Tenchi looked at Washu 
strangely for a moment as the tone of her voice didn't seem quite 
innocent at all.

* * *

    "We're under attack!" screamed a palace guard as another 
supercharged energy blast blew a hole through the palace force 
field.  The guard ran to Yosho, who was carrying Ayeka.  "My Lord, 
you must escape.  Quick go to the platform!  Immediately!"  However,
 Yosho wasn't one to run away from a fight.

    Yosho handed Ayeka over to the guard.  "Take her to safety, and 
give me your sword.  I will have to handle this menace."  Before 
the guard could react he found himself disarmed, and Yosho running 
in the direction of the breach.

    Kagato materialized among the ruins of the eastern wall of the 
palace.  "The Might of the Jurai Royal Family?"  Kagato let out an 
evil laugh as he walked among the crumbled marble and moaning 
guards.

    "Kagato!  I believe we never had the opportunity to finish our 
game."  Kagato slowly turned around, and found himself staring at a 
rejuvenated Yosho.  Kagato's eyes opened slightly in surprise.  But 
he then noticed that Yosho was carrying a standard sword, and not 
Tenchi-ken.

    "Yosho, you certainly mock my patience.  I am not here to do 
battle with you.  No, you've proven yourself to be a meddlesome 
person who does not deserve my attention.  No.  I seek Tenchi.  I 
seek the ultimate revenge against him!"  Kagato let out a 
magnificent cackle that reverberated among the high walls.

    "But that doesn't mean I can't fight you!"  Yosho drew his 
sword, which burned with his internal energy and he charged Kagato.

    Kagato laughed as he called forth his sword and parried Yosho 
easily.  For a long time, both warriors struck back and forth, with 
none getting an advantage over the other.  Yosho leaped back, and 
wiped some sweat from his face.  'He's gotten better!'  Yosho's 
mind screamed as he breathed heavily.  He stared at his sword and 
to his dismay found that the blade was seriously nicked and chipped.


    Kagato stared at Yosho.  "Well, at least you can still fight.  
But don't bother me!"  Kagato unleashed a powerful beam of focused 
energy which Yosho easily dodged.  Behind him, a perfect hole was 
bored in the solid marble wall.  Yosho brought his sword to bear on 
Kagato.

    "But then again, I like challenges."

* * *

    Tenchi sighed as he stood apprehensive in the bridge of 
Ryo-Ohki.  In the center of the room, Ryoko was silently piloting 
the spaceship, but periodically she glanced over at Tenchi.  Tenchi 
clutched his sword in his hand tightly, as he constantly went over 
in his mind that he needed to be confident.  'I must focus on the 
task at hand!'

    To make a long story short, the space ride was extremely 
uneventful.

    "Tenchi, we're coming up on planet Jurai."  Ryoko spoke softly. 
 As soon as Ryoko spoke, he stopped his meditation, one of the few 
focusing exercises his grandfather taught him, and stood up to get 
a clear view of the planet.  Normally, the plant would appear to be 
as beautiful as the earth, with white whispy clouds and brilliant 
blue oceans.  But this planet was now surrounded by a sickly green 
field from the enormous space ship in orbit.

    Around the gargantuan barrier was the entire Jurai Naval Fleet, 
all of it's glory reduced to nothing as it was futile to attempt to 
land on Jurai.  The field was too powerful.

    Washu shook her head.  "That's Kagato. He always believed in 
the 'bigger is better' theory.  Of course I believe in the 'more 
powerful is better theory.'"  Mihoshi and Kiyone stared at the 
giant mass of steel with awe.

    Kiyone exclaimed.  "That's bigger than Galaxy Police 
Headquarters!"  

    As they approached, the green field surrounding the planet 
flickered for a moment to let Ryo-Ohki slip in.  As soon as the 
spaceship entered the atmosphere, the barrier rematerialized before 
the Jurai Space Fleet could interfere.

* * *

    Yosho stood panting, as he noticed the sky suddenly flicker for 
a moment.  Kagato let out a sigh.  "Ah, Tenchi is here.  I think I 
shall arrange a welcoming for him."

    Tenchi landed on the ground, with his sword hilt in hand.  He 
spoke, "Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone, you'd better stay behind.  I'm 
going to go in."  Tenchi fingered the tiny ring on his finger, and 
with a flash of energy that rode from the ring, up his arm and 
across his body, Tenchi's clothes were instantly replaced with the 
Jurai Battle Dress.

    In the dark mist around the castle, something shifted.  For a 
moment, the rescuers stood, unsure of what to expect.  Immediately 
a palace guard leaped at Tenchi with his sword drawn.  Tenchi 
gasped, and in seconds, he had his sword drawn and brought down the 
guard.  Tenchi nearly screamed in horror as he realized that the 
guard was human, like him.

    "Well, well, Tenchi.  You've really improved."  An image of 
Kagato materialized in front of them all.  "Don't worry, Tenchi.  
The next time you will need to fight in with me.  I won't have to 
use any more pawns.  I'll be waiting for you in the main hall."  
Kagato disappeared, and his disappearance brought forth a wind that 
blew away the mist obscuring the entrance to the grand Jurai Royal 
Palace.

    Closing his eyes to expunge the horror, Tenchi focused on what 
was important, the defeat of Kagato.

    Tenchi looked back.  "Well, I'm still going."  His voice was 
still shaky.

    "I'm coming too." Ryoko said forcefully.  "And there is no way 
you're going to tell me to stay behind."

    "Me too!" exclaimed Mihoshi.

    "Well, I think I'll stay out here.  I think I'm needed 
elsewhere."  Tenchi was speechless as Washu ran into the mist.

* * *

    The four-some slowly walked within the giant halls of the 
palace.  Under normal circumstances the halls would have been 
considered a beautiful sight to behold, but now.  Now, in the 
darkness and the mood, the halls screamed ominous warnings.  
Mihoshi shivered.  "This place gives me the chills."

    Kiyone had to agree with her partner.  Her normally cool 
complexion was strained as she felt some external oppressing force 
squashing away all positive thoughts of hope.

    Tenchi was strangely silent as he walked.  No longer was there 
any boyish enthusiasm on his face.  He knew of the possibilities, 
and he clearly doubted that he could win against Kagato.  But he 
knew that he had to try.  He had to win!

    It wasn't hard to get to the Great Hall.  The giant gold doors 
automatically opened to let Tenchi and his companions into the room.
  Standing in the middle of the glimmering room, was Kagato, and 
suspended in the air, in a giant green globe was the entire royal 
family.  Kagato laughed.

    "Well Tenchi, it took you long enough to find this place.  
Shall we begin?"  A green energy blade materialized in Kagato's 
hand.  Tenchi, his face determined, grabbed his sword hilt and 
summoned the blue shimmering blade.

    "I've had it with your evil!" shouted Tenchi as he charged.  
Kagato smiled narrowly as Tenchi approached.  Both blades crashed 
together, in an endless rhythm as both combatants attacked each 
other.  Tenchi ducked the green sword and thrusted forwards, Kagato 
was forced to fly backwards.

    Kagato looked at Tenchi with a shred of respect.  "You're 
swordplay had gotten better from the last time."  Tenchi didn't 
relax his guard.  "But you're still not good enough!"  Kagato dived 
at Tenchi using his sword as a spear.  Tenchi leaped out of the way,
 and brought his sword down on the black blur that passed in front 
of him.  Kagato yelled in pain, and tumbled on the ground.  He got 
to his feet, the sleeve of his cloak torn from the vicious cut.

    Yosho watched helplessly locked behind the barrier at the duel 
before him.  He was amazed at the amount that Tenchi had improved.  
But then again, his mind reminded him.  'Tenchi always had the 
ability.  He just was never confident enough.  But will his 
confidence be enough?'  He stared at the even match before him.

    Tenchi was getting tired, and Kagato seemed to know.  Everyone 
watched helplessly as Tenchi started getting slower and slipped 
into the defensive.  "Boy, you have gotten better, but I will 
always win!"  Kagato unleashed a mighty swing of his sword which 
caused Tenchi's numb hands to drop his sword.  The sword blinked 
out and skidded far away.

    Kagato unleashed an energy blast at Tenchi, but a small energy 
shield much like that of his grandfather's materialized in front of 
him.  However, the blast was still powerful enough, that Tenchi was 
picked up by the energy and thrown backwards.   "But, Tenchi like 
all things, one day, you must die."

    Kagato focused intensely causing a giant green globe of energy 
to materialize in front of him.  Tenchi watched somewhat dazed as 
he somehow knew that the inevitable was going to happen.  He had 
given his best.  He put all of his effort.  And strangely enough, 
he wasn't sad.  Tenchi closed his eyes and waited.

    Kagato had to admire Tenchi for his bravery.  He unleashed his 
blast.  At the same time, there was a someone screamed "No!"

    Something crashed into Tenchi and knocked him backwards.  
Tenchi's eyes snapped open as he realized that he wasn't hit.  His 
vision was obscured as someone else was on top of him.  Struggling 
to his feet, he realized that Ryoko had taken the blast for him.  
But something was wrong, as she felt deathly cold.  Tenchi shook 
her.  "Ryoko!"

    There was no response.  Tenchi felt Ryoko go limp in his arms, 
her clothing charred, parts of her torso charred.  Her eyes were 
open, the golden gleam of her irises dimmed. Tenchi hugged Ryoko 
tightly.

    "Ryoko!"  Tenchi cried.

*********
Notes: I've decided to forget a Tenchi - Kiyone combination in this 
fanfic, or at least until later.  Kiyone will instead become a very 
good friend of Tenchi's, perhaps a relationship can develop in a 
later fanfic.

Ok, so I had to get tragic.  But remember, like in the Tenchi Muyo 
OVA episode 5, Tenchi was blown to smithereens.  Anything can 
happen...

Well here's my questions to the FFML:
Shall I keep Ryoko alive?
Shall I have her resurrected by Tsunami?
Shall I have Tenchi resurrect her?
Shall I just keep her dead, and have Tenchi realize that he had 
always loved Ryoko?
Shall I keep Ryoko dead, and have Kiyone the only person who can 
comfort Tenchi?

Well, I shall be posting a new version of this chapter to the 
mailing list tomorrow.  
