
Chapter 3: Lady Tokimi

    "Lady Tokimi, I must protest.  Our inaction has done nothing to 
bring Lady Washu to us.  We must think of something more convincing.
"  Lady Tokimi looked at her follower with a certain understanding.

    "Indeed, all of this waiting has yielded nothing at all.  
Perhaps a little action is just the perfect solution."  Lady Tokimi 
stared at an image of Washu.  "And I am quite curious as to why 
Washu is acting quite differently.  I mean, she is rather, how 
shall I put it, emotional."

    "Yes, Lady Tokimi, my sentiments exactly.  You do not think 
that being stuck in this dimension had something to do with it?"

    Lady Tokimi shrugged her shoulders.  "I do not know.  Come, let 
us make our plans as to how to lure Lady Washu here.  Surprising, 
as you restored some of her memory, but it initiated nothing."

* * *

    Washu sighed as for another moment, something was let loose in 
her brain.  Unlike last time, it wasn't so traumatic that she 
fainted over.  In fact she couldn't remember much of the details 
from last time.  All she could remember was the name Lady Tokimi, 
and the sinister nature of the Lady.  Nothing else she remembered.

    Washu sat on her floating pillow, and she sat, thinking about 
the name Lady Tokimi.  "Who is Lady Tokimi?  And why would she want 
to see me?"  The answered appeared in her head for a brief 
glittering moment, and then was swallowed immediately.  Puzzled, 
Washu got off her seat, and paced around.  Washu just hated to have 
something that she couldn't solve.  She knew that she would not be 
able to do anything until the mystery surrounding Lady Tokimi was 
finally cleared.

* * *

    "Surprising isn't it?"

    "What, Lady Tokimi?"  Her seneschal, appointed to rule this 
dimension, was puzzled, as he couldn't comprehend Lady Tokimi's 
exact meaning.

    "I mean, isn't it strange that Washu is much different?  She 
certainly has changed since the last time I saw her.  And what is 
it with her emotions?"  Lady Tokimi glanced at an image of Washu, 
toying with Tenchi and the others.  "And why is she so interested 
in the boy who can summon the Wings of the Light Hawk?"

    "I detect this change as well."  The man next to her stared 
intently at the image before them.  "Do you wish for me to abduct 
the Lady Washu?"

    Lady Tokimi looked at the man.  "You do not comprehend.  Your 
power doesn't even reach the levels that Lady Washu is capable of 
attaining.  Perhaps we can arrange another more tantalizing way."  
The seneschal fell quiet as he did not want to antagonize Lady 
Tokimi anymore.  But suddenly he had an inspiration.

    "How about Tsunami?  She is a prime candidate, especially when 
she fused with that little girl.  She shouldn't be much of a threat.
"  Lady Tokimi stared blankly for a moment, as she thought of that 
possibility.  Sure it was a very plausible plan, but still not 
right.  Despite her sister's somewhat treacherous actions, she was 
still obligated not to harm her sister in anyway.

    "You will not do anything of the sort.  Perhaps we can convince 
her by using her 'guinea pig.'"  Lady Tokimi stared at the image of 
Washu playing with Tenchi, her mind perplexed as to why Washu would 
demonstrate any emotion, any liking for such a weaker being.  But 
he did have the potential, as he did summon the wings of the light 
hawk.  "We can use the boy named Tenchi to lure her to us."

    "Yes, my Lady, but how will we manage to capture Tenchi if we 
can not yet cross the dimensional boundary?"

    "We will have to create a suitable agent.  And I just have one 
in mind."

* * *

    Deep within the darkest, most black voids of the universe, a 
silent scream of evil could be felt echoing through the stillness 
and emptiness of space.  A certain nothingness permeated the entire 
region, and then suddenly it happened.  A giant explosion of a 
ominous green light blocked out everything.

    When the bright flash faded, it appeared as if something gross 
had just happened.  Tiny pin-pricks of light started to collect 
inwardly, fusing together at one little point in space, gradually 
growing larger.  Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, a 
cloaked figure looked around in displeasure with only one goal in 
his mind, revenge.

    Not to long before, he had been killed, but now Kagato wondered 
why he was still alive.  Was there some outer force that had save 
him from the coldness of death?  Was it fate that he, the greatest 
person in the universe, should succeed?  He felt tiny voices 
whispering in his head, telling him to capture Tenchi.

    Kagato smiled to himself, they didn't tell him whether they 
wanted Tenchi dead or alive.

* * *

    "So Lady Tokimi.  Our trap has been laid."

    "Exactly.  Now all we have to do is wait, and the Lady Washu 
will come willingly."

    "And how do you intend to treat her?"  Lady Tokimi fell silent, 
as she truly didn't know how to treat her own flesh and blood.  Her 
own sister who had seemingly betrayed her.  Her sister who had 
dared to escape and join the ranks of her other rival, who was her 
youngest sister.  Yes, Tokimi, Washu, and Tsunami, all of the same 
blood somehow caught in a giant circle of conflict.

    "I will think of something appropriate."

    "Yes, my Lady."

* * *

    Tenchi Masaki had a major problem.  No, he wasn't stuck in the 
middle of a jungle in the middle of nowhere with crazy man killing 
apes out to get him.  Nope, it was far worse.

    Ayeka and Ryoko were fighting, and as a result, driving 
everyone else crazy.  Stifling back a sigh, Tenchi beat a hasty 
retreat before the two wild girls could attempt to involve him in 
the battle.  'Why must those girls constantly fight?'  Tenchi 
sighed yet again, and he sought peace outside.  'Maybe I'll sit at 
the docks until the girls calm down.'  

    Tenchi walked over to the lake, and was surprised to see Kiyone 
already there.  She had a far away look on her face.  "Hey Kiyone, 
I'm really sorry about Ayeka and Ryoko.  Sometimes they just get a 
little bit out of control."  Kiyone looked up, somewhat surprised 
that someone was present.

    "Oh hi Tenchi."  Kiyone didn't feel much for words at the 
moment.  Yes, she would just prefer to have a little peace and 
quiet, and reminisce about her past.  "Tenchi, what is thing you 
remembered about your parents?"

    Tenchi sighed somewhat as he settled down next to Kiyone.  
"Well, for my father, I can think of many things.  First and 
foremost, he is a pervert, so girls really have to be careful 
around him.  However, even though he has his faults, he does try to 
be a good father.  I mean, he tried to be there whenever I needed 
him."  Tenchi fell silent.

    Kiyone leaned forward.  "And how about your mother?"  Kiyone 
saw Tenchi pale for a moment.

    "She died when I was young.  The only things I can remember 
about her are her kindness and her voice.  She had the sweetest 
voice."  Tenchi sort of choked up without showing that he felt like 
crying.  Kiyone realized that she had hit some sort of soft spot in 
Tenchi's normally cheerful demeanor.

    "I'm so sorry, Tenchi."  Kiyone placed her arm around his 
shoulders.

    Tenchi forced a smile out.  "Kiyone, no need to be sorry.  It 
wasn't your fault.  So how about your parents?"

    It was Kiyone's turn to be silent, as she didn't really want to 
talk about her parents.  But seeing Tenchi be quite earnest to her, 
well she spoke.  "The last thing I remember about my parents was 
having a big argument with them and then running away afterwards."

    Tenchi immediately became quite attentive.  "You ran away?   
What was the argument about?"

    Kiyone sighed.  "My parents wanted me to marry this person.  
You see, my father ran a corporation, and at the time, it was 
sinking like a rock.  He was hoping that if I married, that he 
could arrange an easy merger with my 'fiancee's company.'  Well, at 
the time I wasn't interested in marriage, and I ran away."

    "And you ended up at Galaxy Police."  Tenchi said softly.

    Kiyone nodded somberly.  "Yes, that is all I care to remember 
about my parents."

    Tenchi looked at Kiyone.  "And I thought I had it hard.  I'm 
really sorry, Kiyone.  I guess I should leave you alone."  Tenchi 
stood up.

    "Actually, it's no problem at all.  Why don't you stay?  I 
haven't really had a decent conversation for a long time."  Kiyone 
practically gripped onto Tenchi's arm as he tried to stand up.  
Well that was true.  Stuck for months in the middle of a field of 
debris made Kiyone appreciate every moment she was not alone.  
Shrugging his shoulders, Tenchi sat back down.

    Tenchi looked up at the sun, and on second thought, he took off 
his shoes and dangled his bare feet in the water.  He loved the 
feeling of the cool water all around his toes.  Kiyone did likewise.
  Kiyone sighed as her feet seemed to loose all tension in the cool 
water.  "This actually feels kind of nice."  Tenchi smiled back at 
Kiyone.

    Tenchi leaned backwards, and spoke.  "Yeah.  Every summer, I 
just love to fish.  Sit here with my feet in the water, for one 
brief moment in my life, without a single care or worry."  Kiyone 
wiggled her toes, and felt the cool water flow between them.

    Kiyone sighed again, but remained silent.

* * *

    "So Lady Tokimi, what are you to do now?"  His voice echoed 
into the giant enclosure of the great hall in Lady Tokimi's palace.

    Lady Tokimi allowed herself to express the slightest sliver of 
relish.  "Nothing at all.  We just patiently wait here for Washu."

    "Yes, my Lady.  And my I know as to what you intend to do with 
Washu?"  Lady Tokimi fell silent as she really didn't know what to 
do.  She turned around, and left the great hall.

* * *

    Ryoko muttered quietly as she walked from room to room in the 
Masaki house.  Still no sign of Tenchi.  Carefully, she weighed out 
the options.  There was no way Tenchi could have been with Ayeka.  
Ayeka was in the living room, reading some book.  Washu was in her 
lab working alone on a critical project.  Mihoshi was her cheerful 
self, walking aimlessly around the house doing chores.  Tenchi's 
father was back in the city.  

    Ryoko barged into the kitchen, and saw Sasami preparing dinner. 
 "Sasami, have you seen my Tenchi?"

    Sasami looked befuddled for a moment, and then responded.  "No, 
I haven't seen him at all."

    Ryoko just gave up, and left.  Slumping down into a couch, she 
thought about the possibilities.  A voice shattered her 
concentration.  "Oh, Ryoko!  Have you seen Kiyone?  I haven't been 
able to find her and Tenchi today."  Suddenly it occurred to Ryoko, 
and somewhat angered, she sprang up off the couch.  'Oh, if she was 
putting the moves on Tenchi, I'd, I'd...'

    Ryoko stomped out of the house, searching for Kiyone and Tenchi.
  Fortunately, she didn't have to travel too far, as she found 
Tenchi and Kiyone returning from a walk in the woods.  As soon as 
Tenchi saw Ryoko and the expression on her face, he stopped in his 
tracks.  Ryoko sauntered up to Kiyone, and poked her in the chest.  
"Hey, what were you doing with Tenchi?"

    Kiyone looked confused for a moment.  "Nothing, I just had a 
walk with him."

    "A walk?  Is that so?"  Ryoko turned to Tenchi.  "She didn't 
try to force herself on you?"  Ryoko teleported, and she reappeared,
 her arms around Tenchi in a rather provocative hug.

    Tenchi shook his head vigorously.  Reluctantly, Ryoko released 
Tenchi.  "Ok.  Well," she said almost like a veiled threat.  "don't 
let me catch you trying to snatch Tenchi!  You're lucky I believe 
you."  Ryoko dematerialized, and as soon as she was gone, Tenchi 
breathed a sigh of relief.

    Kiyone looked at Tenchi.  "So what do you think of Ryoko?"

    Tenchi shrugged his shoulders, and he settled against the wall. 
 "Well, I like her.  She has to be one of the best friends I have.  
But,"  Tenchi hesitated for a moment.  "I wish that she'd stop 
fighting with Ayeka.  They always have to fight."
 
    Kiyone smiled, as the situation reminded a little bit about her 
own life.

* * *

    The Emperor of Jurai was extremely bitter.  For once in his 
life, he finally felt that he had a mortal enemy to deal with.  And 
that enemy was a mere Earthling boy, Tenchi Masaki.  It first 
started when he received news of a miraculous boy, who had the 
power to summon the Wings of the Light Hawk.  Then it only went 
down hill from there.  His only children, Ayeka and Sasami betrayed 
him to that boy.  And even his wives seemed so supportive of him.

    With an exasperated groan, Azusa was amazed about how the 
entire Jurai council could bring up the topic of Tenchi Masaki yet 
again.  'Damn that Tenchi!  It seems that everyone respects him 
more than I.  Even my own family!'

    But jealous minds are quite to hatch plans, and soon, such a 
plan was in his head.  Yes.  A nefarious plot to usurp Tenchi, and 
replace him with someone else.  Tenchi would be merely turned aside.
  Azusa laughed.  He had a plan to remove Tenchi as a threat to his 
power.  He swore that never in his lifespan will he ever see Tenchi 
become the Emperor of Jurai.

    Laughing insanely, the Emperor left his throne room.

* * *

    Washu sat outside, working on a problem.  It was rare that she 
decided to leave the comfort of her lab to work elsewhere, but the 
day was so perfect that it seemed a crime not to be outside.  
Besides, being outside allowed her to be closer to Tenchi.  Washu 
worked on the problem of cloning a Artanian Space Sloth, of course 
the problem of getting the random number of chromosomes to 
duplicate exactly was no problem to Washu.  She just did it as a 
challenge.

    For no apparent reason, her computer started to beep wildly, 
indicating a powerful energy reaction.  Washu looked upwards, 
expecting something to happen.  A giant subspace portal opened up, 
and a small Jurai ship materialized high in the atmosphere.  
Everyone stopped their fun and games, and in Tenchi's case, his 
chores, to look at the spacecraft, as it slowly landed in the giant 
lake in front of the Masaki home.

    Two Lords from the Jurai court stepped off the spacecraft.  
They immediately turned to Ayeka, Sasami, and Yosho.  "We are here 
to escort the Emperor's children to the planet Jurai.  He wishes to 
make a private statement to all of you, and he can't come here at 
this time."

    Ayeka was first to complain.  "But why!  We already told him we 
are not going back to live on Jurai."  Sasami nodded as well.  
Yosho on the other hand, felt that there was something amiss.  

    "Well, you may tell us why the Emperor wants to see us."

    The messengers bowed in deference.  "I'm sorry Lord Yosho, I 
was not informed of the Emperor's intent."  That made Yosho frown a 
little.  But then again, standing there was no way to find out what 
plan his father had in store.

    "Very well.  Ayeka, Sasami, I'm going to go.  I guess I have to 
respect my old man once in awhile."  Yosho sighed, and he stepped 
forwards.

    Ayeka looked flustered for a moment, and then she threw her 
caution to the wind.  As Ayeka walked forwards, she muttered 
something into Ryoko's ear.  "And if you so much as make a move on 
Tenchi in my absence, believe me, you will wish you were never born.
"  Sasami reluctantly followed Ayeka.

    In a flash, a beam of light shot down from the spaceship above, 
and they were gone.

