Chapter 7

    Kiyone fearlessly followed Washu, into a room completely 
consumed with fire.  Kiyone almost screamed with pain, when she 
felt a hand grab onto hers.  "Don't look at the fire."  Kiyone 
looked perplexed at Washu's cute face for a moment, and at that 
time, she realized that there was truly no pain at all.  It was all 
an elaborate illusion. 

    Mihoshi broke through the wall behind Kiyone, and Kiyone 
staring at her partner through the flames was surprised when she 
squealed in delight.  "Oh, look at all the candy, and the 
gingerbread house!  I'm hungry!"  Kiyone took a couple steps, when 
Kiyone grabbed onto Mihoshi and tugged hard so that she wouldn't 
loose herself in the illusion.

    "Ah, Kiyone, you don't want some of the candy?"  Mihoshi 
started to pout, and she reached her hands into the flames, and 
offered her flaming hand to Kiyone.  It took Kiyone all of her will 
power not to scream.

    The groups slowly progressed through the giant mess of rooms 
and a maze of hallways, some of which were enchanted with strong 
illusions.  Feeling exhausted, all felt as if they had traveled 
countless miles through snow, rain, hail, fire and earth.  The 
surprising thing was that for each person, the journey seemed 
completely different.

    Washu sighed as she stood perplexed in the middle of a 
constantly rotating room.  This was one of the more mind-boggling 
illusions, as it tended to induce a headache.  Taking a deep breath,
 Washu focused beyond the illusion, trying to clear her mind of the 
spell induced fog.  To her satisfaction, she was able to reorient 
herself in the right way.  "Come along now!" shouted Washu.

    "I'm getting dizzy!"  Sasami cried out.

* * *

    Lady Tokimi rested her hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  "Some people 
are coming, and they want to take me away from you."  Tenchi saw 
Ryoko look sad in front of him, as if she were unsure about what 
was going to happen.

    Tenchi grabbed his sword hilt.  "Don't worry, I won't let them 
touch you."  Lady Tokimi smiled to herself.  Her plan, while 
devious, was going to be extremely effective.

    Washu looked around as the chaotic situation was getting to her.
  She knew that the exit to this wild place was nearby.  The only 
question was where was it located?  She knew it was sort of nearby. 
 She muttered as she probed along the wall, trying to find some 
clue, but to no avail.  Well, 20,000 years is a long time, and 
Washu was pretty sure that the switch to deactivate all of the 
illusions were close at hand.  Finally unwilling to struggle any 
further, Washu sighed and sat against the wall.  

    Kiyone looked at Washu.  "Lost?"

    Washu sighed.  "My memory gets hazy here.  I can't seem to 
remember where to go."

    "Ready to concede defeat to me, Lady Washu?"

    Washu saw Lady Tokimi in front of her.  Just seeing her ancient 
acquaintance brought back memories.  Washu slowly stood up.  "I'm 
here now.  I guess you can return Tenchi now."

    "Well, Washu.  How would you like to know that Tenchi doesn't 
want to leave?"  Somehow, Washu knew something was a lot different 
with Lady Tokimi.  For starters, she did seem to have a little bit 
more of an ego.  "I'll be waiting for you.  You certainly are 
taking a long time to solve this puzzle.  It's below your usual 
standards."  Lady Tokimi's image faded.

    "Great, just great.  All I have to do is sift through my vast 
stores of knowledge for the location she put the button to open the 
door."  Washu thought for a moment, but luckily for her, Mihoshi 
happened to be around... Well sort of.

    "How pretty!"  Mihoshi spied a small glittering thing on the 
ground, it's twinkling seeming to beckon to her.  She walked over 
to the object and pulled on it, but it resisted all of her efforts. 
 Gritting her teeth, Mihoshi grabbed on the object as hard as she 
could, but her fingers slipped.

    "Whoa!"  Mihoshi shouted and she stumbled backwards through the 
wall.  That was the stimulus that unlocked Washu's mind.

    "Hurry!  Let's follow Mihoshi!"  In seconds, Washu and the rest 
disappeared through the barrier.

* * *

    Washu's head broke through the illusionary wall, and she was 
greeted with a rather large courtyard, all decorated and such.  
'Lady Tokimi's been decorating, I see.'  Washu was surprised with 
the number of flowers and shrubbery that were all over the place.  
'Even the arrangements are decent.'  Washu shook her head in 
amazement.  This was not the Lady Tokimi she remembered.

    Ayeka was right behind Washu.  As soon as she adjusted the 
drastically different surroundings, even she gasped.  "This garden 
is so beautiful!"  Sasami has similar thoughts.

    "And it's all an elaborate illusion.  Not one of Lady Tokimi's 
best, but certainly impressive."  Washu paused to pluck a flower, 
and she inhaled its sweet fragrance.

* * *

    Lady Tokimi smiled at Tenchi, who for some reason was deathly 
serious.  "Don't worry, Tenchi, no one will be able to separate us.
"

    Tenchi nodded gravely as his hands tightened around his sword, 
causing his knuckles to whiten.  "Yes, Ryoko."  

* * *

    "So how do we get into the inner sanctum?"  Kiyone eyed the 
tall tower in the middle of the vast courtyard, which seemed to go 
on and on into the distance.

    Washu sighed.  At least this problem would be a challenge for 
her.  'Seems that Lady Tokimi did some rearranging.'  "I don't know.
  Give me a few moments to get an idea or two."

    Hearing Washu admit that she didn't not have the slightest clue 
to solve a problem, gave the others a semi-feeling of an impeding 
struggle, as this was the first time that Washu had been completely 
stumped over a problem.  Washu carefully placed her daughter on the 
floor, and she resumed searching for inspiration.

    As soon as Washu finally got into a comfortable seating 
position, she leaped upwards.  "Of course!  We can easily find our 
way to Tenchi by tracking the power of the jewels!  How foolish of 
me not to think of that sooner!"  Washu handed Ryoko over to Kiyone,
 and her arms now free, she could consult her portable computer.

    Almost immediately, a pointer appeared on her monitor screen 
indicating the direction to take.  Washu laughed.  "Now all we do 
is follow the pointer, and it's sure to take us to Tenchi."

    However on the inside, Washu wasn't that optimistic.  She knew 
that Lady Tokimi was capable of easily defeating her, and she still 
had Tenchi as a hostage.  Everything seemed to be adding up for 
Tokimi.  'Well Tokimi, don't get to careless.  I too have cards up 
my sleeves.'

* * *

    Lady Tokimi felt her soul stir as she felt Washu slowly 
approach.  She had plenty of catching up to do with Washu, and she 
knew that she and Tenchi were going to make a very convincing 
argument.  "Tenchi, they are almost here.  Let's get ready."

    The door to the hall slowly opened revealing Washu, Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, Sasami and Ayeka.  Washu gave Lady Tokimi a smirk.  "Well, 
I'm sorry we're late, just that you gave us such bad directions to 
this place!  Hiya Tenchi!"

    The would-be rescuers blinked as Tenchi didn't respond to 
Washu's greeting.  Lady Tokimi laughed a little.  "See Washu, I 
trust that you believe me now that Tenchi doesn't want to go home 
with me."

    Tenchi gritted his teeth, as he saw a small group of soldiers 
walk into the room.  However, Ryoko rested her hand on his shoulder 
as a means of restraining him.

    Ayeka growled as soon as she watched Lady Tokimi touch Tenchi 
in that manner.  "Tokimi let go of Tenchi this instant!"

    Lady Tokimi completely disregarded Ayeka.  "Well, Washu, by now 
you know why I summoned you here.  So what is your answer?  It 
isn't too late you know."

    Washu let out a laugh.  "What?  I'd never join you again.  I've 
learned to cherish this dimension and it's faults.  It's what makes 
this dimension so interesting."  Lady Tokimi seemed shakened.

    "You dare to call for the suppression of Order!  Without Order 
there is nothing!"  Lady Tokimi started to get very passionate with 
her speaking.

    Washu snickered.  "As if I should take orders from a hypocrite.
"

    That was the last straw for Lady Tokimi.  "Very well Washu, I 
shall cherish you as a great ally and sister, but I shall also 
despise you as a traitor.  Tenchi."

    Washu looked at Tenchi and was surprised by how he looked grim. 
 "Yes, Ryoko," he intoned almost mechanically.  Washu's eyes opened 
wide as she realized the implications.  Lady Tokimi had placed 
Tenchi under an illusion, and with the illusion she gained control 
of Tenchi.  Washu silently swore to the gods for making the 
situation so grim.

    Washu truly did care for Tenchi, and she did know that if 
desperate, she could easily destroy him.  But that was an option 
that she didn't want to use.  Tenchi's sword burned brightly as he 
approached Washu.  Washu extended her arm and a energy sword, 
similar to that of Ryoko's, appeared.

