Chapter 2

    Kiyone sighed as she sat on the couch, for once in her life 
nothing wild to do.  There was no patrol to be done.  There was no 
need to save Mihoshi.  There was absolutely no need to 
instinctively recall Galaxy Police protocol.  In short, she was 
just sitting there, with absolutely no purpose whatsoever and 
without a single care in the world.  Kiyone was uncomfortable.

    "Kiyone?  Kiyone, where are you?"  Kiyone almost tipped 
backwards, for it had been a long time since she heard her 
partner's voice.  Ever since being paired up with Mihoshi, Kiyone 
had quickly learned to associate that voice with trouble, pain, and 
a lot worse.  It was a wonder that Kiyone didn't resign out of 
Galaxy Police for psychological reasons.  "Oh, there you are!  I 
was wondering where you were."  Mihoshi made her way to the couch, 
and she plopped down.

    "Say Mihoshi, is there anything that needs to be done here?"  
Mihoshi looked pensive for a moment as if she were trying to think. 
 Kiyone grumbled as she looked around.  It was just too peaceful, 
too calm, something that she hadn't experience for a long time.  It 
was strange that she seemed to miss her job.

    "Well, sometimes I help Tenchi's grandfather clean the shrine.  
And there's Sasami, sometimes we cook dinner together, and...  Well,
 I don't know, time just seems to pass by here!"  Mihoshi started 
to giggle uncontrollably, and Kiyone knew there was just no way she 
could get anything more useful information.

    "I'm home."  The front door slid open, and in came Tenchi.  
Almost immediately, two things happened.  One, the calm nature of 
the entire home was no more.

    Oh yeah, and number two, almost everyone crowded the entryway.  
Tenchi walked into the main room, still carrying his bookbag.  It 
was Saturday.  "Hi Kiyone, so how was your day?"  Tenchi stood 
there, carefully loosening the collar to his uniform as to 
unrestrict his breathing.

    Kiyone shrugged her shoulders.  "Pretty calm, I guess that's a 
good thing."  Tenchi smiled.

    "Well that's great to hear.  I guess I'd better go do my 
homework."  Tenchi sighed as he walked out the door.  But before he 
could get there, Ryoko materialized right behind him in a tight 
embrace.

    "Tenchi, why do you need to do all of your work?  Come on, why 
won't you play with me?"  Ryoko began overpowering Tenchi and 
started to drag him towards her bedroom.  "We can play in bed right 
now."

    "Ryoko! Let go of Tenchi this instant!"  Ryoko stared at Ayeka 
who was fuming at the sight of Ryoko making her move on Tenchi.  
"If I knew any better, I'd teach you a lesson right now!"  Tenchi 
meanwhile was struggling to get out of Ryoko's grasp before he 
could get caught in the imminent fight.

    "Come on, there's no reason to fight."  Mihoshi reached into 
the ensuing tangle of girls, and dragged out Tenchi.  "Right 
Tenchi?"  Kiyone watched the fight in the corner of the room 
continue unabated and Mihoshi drag a stunned Tenchi out of the 
living room.  

    Kiyone slapped her face.  "Those idiots.  Is it always like 
this?"  This was definitely a strange household.

    Almost immediately, there was a sigh.  "Yes, it's always like 
this."  Kiyone looked at Sasami, who for some reason seemed a lot 
older than her real age.  "But, it's sure fun!"  Sasami giggled 
like a little girl.  "So, do you want to help me cook lunch?"  
Kiyone nodded her head, because there seemed like nothing better to 
do.

* * *

    Kiyone watched as Sasami carefully prepared lunch.  As her mind 
slowly idled, she felt that indeed that there was a certain peace 
in this house.  It was at first disorientating, because she had 
spent a great deal of her life on edge, whether it be arresting 
criminals or looking out for her partner.  But now, she had adapted 
somewhat to the life.

    Sasami looked around.  "Some carrots."  Both Sasami and Kiyone 
looked around, but no carrots were to be found at all.  Sasami 
giggled.  "I guess Ryo-Ohki ate them all again.  Well, I guess you 
have to go to the fields, and ask Tenchi to bring some back."  
Kiyone nodded, and she went to the door.  "The fields are in that 
direction, you can't miss them."  Sasami pointed in the proper 
direction with her ladle.

    Kiyone briskly walked up the stairs part way to the shrine, but 
made a quick turn about halfway to go to the fields.  After a few 
more minutes of walking, she finally reached the fields.  She 
couldn't help but notice Tenchi working, carefully pulling the 
carrots out of the ground and throwing them into a basket that he 
had slung over his shoulder.  Without complaint, he dutifully did 
his job in silence.

    "Hey, Tenchi!"  Tenchi paused in his work to look up.  When he 
noticed Kiyone, he smiled, and put down his work.

    "Hi, Kiyone, what are you doing here?"  Tenchi wiped some sweat 
from his brow with the back of his hand.  He stood up straight.

    "Well, Sasami wanted to have some carrots."  Almost immediately,
 Tenchi started to laugh.  Perplexed, Kiyone stared at Tenchi for a 
moment.

    "Let me guess, Ryo-Ohki ate the carrots?"  Groaning a bit, 
Tenchi slung the heavy basket filled with carrots over his shoulder,
 and slowly walked towards Kiyone.  "I guess I've harvested enough 
carrots to last three days.  Ryo-Ohki really likes the stuff.  And 
to think she's really a spaceship."  Tenchi slowly walked besides 
Kiyone on the way down the hill.

    "So how do you like it on Earth?"  Tenchi asked while 
struggling not to fall backwards and dump all of the carrots on the 
steps.

    Kiyone thought for a moment as she continued down the stairs.  
"I like it.  Although I'm not completely comfortable with the fact 
that I really do not have any obligations here."  She steadied 
Tenchi for a moment.  "I mean, well, you know."  Strangely enough, 
she found herself somewhat longing for the good old days, where she 
had cases to solve, criminals to capture.

    "Well, you should take advantage of this moment.  I mean, I'm 
sure that a Galaxy Police Officer's life must be crazy at times."  
Tenchi sighed as he felt the carrots weighing down on his back.  
Doggedly, he continued.  "Well, feel free to stay at my home as 
long as you like.  I mean, one more guest isn't going to make my 
life any more hectic."

    Kiyone thought for a moment, for what Tenchi said seemed quite 
tempting.  So tempting in fact, that she might just take up his 
offer.  Besides, she was willing to admit to herself that her 
nerves were beginning to get a little frayed from stress in the 
police force.

* * *

    "Tenchi!"  Tenchi almost sighed when he heard that beautiful 
voice.  Unfortunately for him, that beautiful voice almost heralded 
the coming of a great amount of trouble.  All Tenchi could do was 
brace himself, and prepare for the worse.  "Tenchi!  Do you want to 
elope?"  Kiyone almost leaped backwards 20 feet when Ryoko 
materialized around Tenchi.  

    "Geesh Ryoko, I'm too young to elope!"  Although, Tenchi didn't 
seem to displeased with the closeness of Ryoko's body.  Well, in 
reality, Tenchi was quite paralyzed by the fact that a lush and 
firm woman's body was pressed up against him.  In situations like 
this, he just didn't know what to do.

    Kiyone started to laugh silently as the situation moved from 
pretty bad to terrible.  The other girls showed up.  First Ayeka, 
who had to completely freak out.  Then Sasami, who obviously tried 
to get Tenchi out of the way of the fighting, while Mihoshi tried 
to break up the fight.

    Kiyone shook her head once again, as she walked into the house. 
 She just knew that her life here was sure to be interesting, in 
its own way.  And at the same time, she couldn't help but feel 
sorry for Tenchi, who was obviously stuck in a rut.  Either way, he 
would have to be stuck with Ryoko and Ayeka's constant fighting, 
and should he finally pick one, the wrath of the other is sure to 
be quite terrifying.

    Seating herself at the dinner table, she banished all thoughts 
from her mind as she stared at the wonderful meal that Sasami had 
prepared.  It was definitely going to be a good meal, unlike 
standard rations.  Well to make a long story short, dinner turned 
out to be quite, uneventful, as Tenchi was able to control Ryoko 
and Ayeka by feigning anger, and not speaking to either of them.

    Actually dinner was pretty short, with Tenchi going upstairs to 
study, leaving the others to do as they please.  Well, in most 
cases, the girls wanted to sneak in on Tenchi.  Ryoko silently 
walked towards the stairs, however, she wasn't stealth enough to 
avoid Ayeka's critical glare.  "Ryoko, what do you think you are 
doing going up the stairs?"  Kiyone was shaken, as she was getting 
quite engrossed into a magazine.

    Ryoko immediately assumed an air of innocence.  "Well, gee, 
princess isn't it obvious?  I'm going upstairs to give Tenchi a 
backrub,"  Ayeka started to fume and she walked briskly to Ryoko.  
"and maybe something extra."  Ryoko smiled rather wickedly.  Kiyone 
by now had dropped her magazine, and watched the developing fight 
with Sasami, Washu, and Mihoshi.

    "Well, Tenchi needs to be alone right now, and that means you 
too Ryoko."  Ayeka seized Ryoko's arm, and started to drag her away 
from the stairs.  "What manners you have, trying to involve Tenchi 
with your lecherous activities!"  

    "What?  It's perfectly natural for lovers to have these urges." 
 Ryoko stared down Ayeka, who stared back fiercely.

    "Well, who ever said you were lovers?  I wouldn't think Lord 
Tenchi would associate himself with the likes of you."  Ayeka said 
plainly at Ryoko.  "You're a space pirate, remember?"

    "Yeah, well you're a stuck up royal snob."  Ryoko shouted back. 
 Both warring females came together with a crash and started an all 
out brawl.

    Washu and Sasami stood up.  "Well, Ayeka," said Sasami.  "If 
you're so busy, I'll go see Tenchi."  Both girls ran up the stairs, 
leaving the battle behind them.  Apparently, Ryoko and Ayeka didn't 
register this for awhile.

    Some three minutes later, Grandfather Masaki, who was calmly 
reading the newspaper in the shrine office, thought he could hear 
two women scream, "Sasami!"  in the distance. 

* * *

    Tenchi came walking down the stairs with Sasami seated on his 
shoulders, and Washu poking at him.  "Well, I just finished 
studying, and"  Tenchi's eyes practically rolled out as he noticed 
Mihoshi, Ryoko, and Ayeka lying on the ground gasping for air as if 
they had been swimming forever.  "Hey, are all of you all right?  
Were you fighting again?"  Tenchi stared at Ryoko and Ayeka, both 
unable to respond at the moment.

    Tenchi smiled, and swung Sasami down.  "Ayeka, Ryoko, why can't 
you two be mature like Washu and Sasami?  I mean, fighting isn't 
always the way to get things done.  Well, never mind.  I'm going to 
go train with Grandfather."

    "Tenchi, I more mature other ways as well."  Washu asked while 
rubbing her cheek into Tenchi's stomach.  "I want to run a couple 
more tests on you, and you can find out how mature I really am."  
Almost playfully, Washu grabbed onto Tenchi's pants and tugged 
gently.  "I want to get that sample again."

    Tenchi visible gulped, and he was out the door in a flash.  
"Sorry Washu, I don't have the time.  Well you know how angry 
Grandfather gets when I'm late.  Anyway, I don't know."  Tenchi was 
out the door in a flash.

    Ryoko and Ayeka both started to direct some of their anger at 
Washu.  "Miss Washu!  How dare you try to trick Tenchi again!  If I 
could..."  At that moment, Ryoko pushed Ayeka over the couch.

    "Take five."  Ryoko turned back to Washu.  "Mom!  Tenchi's mine,
 and there is no way I'm going to let you toy with him like that!"  
Ryoko started grumbling and lightning started to arc through her 
hair.  While Ryoko was talking, Ayeka picked herself up, and 
marched over to Ryoko when she gave Ryoko a slap.  Ryoko growled, 
and she threw herself at Ayeka.  Both girls fought on the ground, 
completely forgetting Washu.

    "Um, I think I left my sword behind."  Tenchi walked into the 
room with embarrassment written all over his face.  He noticed the 
giant squirming tangle on the ground.  "Ryoko, Ayeka!  What did I 
say about fighting in the house?"

    Ryoko and Ayeka both froze.  "Um, Tenchi, we're not fighting.  
Um, Ayeka and I are, um, playing together.  It's really fun, wanna 
join in?"  Ryoko's voice adapted a more sexy tone that made Tenchi 
blush like a red light bulb.

    He stammered out.  "No thanks."  Grabbing his sword, which he 
had left on the mantle awhile ago, he left again.

    "Ryoko, what were you implying!"  Ayeka's face was filled with 
rage, enough rage to make a demon look like a happy carefree child.

    "Hey, do you want Tenchi to get angry at us for fighting?  He 
might not speak to us for a week!"  Ryoko explain, while quickly 
climbing off Ayeka.

    Ayeka stood up and brushed her robes clean.  "You have a point 
there.  But never ever again make such insinuations!"

* * *

    "So, Kiyone, how do you like the bath?"  Mihoshi was her 
cheerful self as she slowly eased herself into the warm pool.  
Mihoshi sighed as her body started to soak in the warmth.

    Kiyone stretched comfortably and looked at the crystal clear 
water.  "Well, Mihoshi, I didn't know that you had it so well here. 
 I mean, I've never had such a relaxing bath before in my entire 
life.  I can feel my entire body loosening up."  Mihoshi giggled, 
as she brought out her bathing toys.  Kiyone groaned silently.

    "Well, Mihoshi, I wanted to know.  Why are you interested in 
Tenchi?  I'm sure with your status you could get a more impressive 
man."  Immediately, Kiyone noticed a change overcome Mihoshi.  For 
one thing, she wasn't giggling like crazy now, in fact she was 
blushing quite intensely.

    Mihoshi brought her two index fingers together and started to 
flex them quite nervously.  "Well, well, well, oh Kiyone, you're 
embarrassing me!  I mean what's the least I can do, especially when 
he's saved my life twice."  Kiyone watched as Mihoshi melted into 
the water like warm butter.  

    Kiyone moaned and stretched her legs out trying to feel the 
warm water a little more.  "Um, Kiyone, what do you think are my 
chances with Tenchi."  Kiyone eyed Mihoshi a little weirdly since 
her face had a slight pinkish hue to it.  "Please Kiyone, I want 
your opinion.  Can you tell me!  Can you tell me!"  Kiyone brushed 
her green hair back with her fingers.

    "I don't know Mihoshi.  I guess it depends on whatever is 
happening between you and Tenchi.  Oh wow, look at the time.  I 
can't spend my life wasting away in this bath.  I'll be going."  
Kiyone stood up, and left Mihoshi.  Yawning contently, Kiyone made 
her way to the entrance.

* * *

    "Tenchi!  I'm impressed.  Before, you've never been able to hit 
me at all."  Yosho stood grinning above his grandson.  Unlike his 
grandfather, Tenchi couldn't return the smile.  He was too busy 
trying to get the ignore the bruises all over his body.  For one 
thing, he was still sort of outclassed by his grandfather.

    "Well Tenchi, up you go."  His grandfather picked up Tenchi, 
and patted him on the back.  Not a good thing.  Immediately, Tenchi 
winced as before in combat, Yosho sent a blow so hard that in the 
process of parrying it, Tenchi was thrown backwards into the tree.  
"Go take a nice hot bath, you deserve it.  How about this, since 
you've recently been improving, you don't have to practice at all 
tomorrow."  

    Tenchi stiffly bowed, and he made his way down the hill to the 
bath.  Tenchi although stiff and sore all over, he couldn't help 
but smile a bit.  His grandfather was certainly amazed that he was 
aggressive.  Of course, after striking his grandfather early on, 
the training became a giant beating for him.  Grabbing a hold of a 
towel, and taking of his clothes, Tenchi thought about the warm 
water washing away his bruises.

    Taking care to wrap himself in the towel, Tenchi slid open the 
door.

* * *

    There was a gasp, a splash of blood, and a final breath as a 
body impacted with the ground.  Slowly, blood trickled from the 
body into the drain in a spiral pattern.  No this is not Psycho.

    Kiyone practically screamed in surprise at the fact that Tenchi 
had completely keeled over at the sight of her.  First of all, she 
was beginning to think that Tenchi was a complete pervert, having 
the audacity to peep in on her.  She was stuck between kicking the 
body in front of her into a pulp or just leaving him there.  
Fortunately, Mihoshi came running up.

    "Kiyone, what happened?  Oh dear, Tenchi!"  Mihoshi completely 
ignoring the fact that she was nude grabbed Tenchi, and was 
dragging him out of the bath.

    "Mihoshi, what do you think you're doing?  He saw my body!  I'm 
going to kill him for that."  Mihoshi giggled, and waved her hand 
at Kiyone.

    "Kiyone, no need to be so concerned for Tenchi.  I mean, he 
fainted once, when Ryoko undressed in front of him.  And he 
couldn't remember a thing at all."  Mihoshi giggled.  "I'll get 
Sasami to attend to him."

    Sasami patiently fanned Tenchi.  "There, there, Tenchi.  Just 
take it easy."  Sasami sighed mentally, for this was already the 
third time Tenchi fainted this year.  He was just a wee bit too 
sensitive, but then again, it was an endearing trait of his that 
made him seem such more likable.

* * *

    Tenchi bowed before Kiyone, who was beginning to forget her 
experiences in the bathroom.  Surprisingly, after this accident, 
normal enemies banded together to a common cause of trying to 
justify Tenchi's actions.  Kiyone was just surprised that Ayeka and 
Ryoko were less than a yard apart, and not fighting at all.  Both 
were simultaneously trying to explain that Tenchi was a decent guy.

    And after they were done, they tore at each other's throats.

     "I'm sorry Kiyone, it will never happen again."  Tenchi 
stammered out.  Kiyone looked at Ryoko and Ayeka both duking it out 
on the ground.  "I didn't know that you were in the bath, and I 
guess I was too careless."

    Kiyone began to say something, but never got the chance to 
start.  "Oh, Tenchi."  A subspace portal open up next to him, and 
out stepped Washu.  "I was kind of lonely working in the lab alone, 
so I was wondering... whether I could do any tests on you.  Come 
now, my guinea pig."  Washu latched onto Tenchi's arm, and dragged 
him to the door to her lab.

    "Washu, you aren't joking?  Are you going to do anything bad?"

    Washu laughed evilly.  "No, no, no, Tenchi, I'm just going to 
have a little fun.  And if you don't resist, it might be fun for 
you too."

    "No!"  Tenchi screamed as Washu closed the door to her lab 
behind her.

    Kiyone looked in amazement.  It was obvious that 12 year girl 
was no threat at all to Tenchi.

* * *

    "Washu, is this what you mean by fun?"  Tenchi was wired up to 
a ton of electrodes.  In fact he was quite sure that electrodes 
were placed all over his body, his head, his chest, his arms, his 
legs.  In fact, he even had electrodes on his tongue.  Tenchi 
noticed that his speech was temporarily impeded.

    In fact, Tenchi was relieved.  The last time Washu tried to 
extract a sample, he almost had a heart attack, but fortunately 
Washu never succeeded.

    "Not yet."  Washu grabbed a beaker.  "Now it's time for that 
sample."  Tenchi started screaming.  "Actually, Tenchi.  I don't 
think I need the beaker."  Washu carelessly tossed the beaker over 
her shoulder.  "You know Tenchi, I'm only professionally interested 
in you."  Washu leaped onto Tenchi, and her face was only inches 
away from his.  "So, you don't need to resist."  Washu's lips 
slowly approached Tenchi's face.

* * *

    "Dinner's ready."  Sasami leaped out of the kitchen, with 
Ryo-Ohki on her shoulders.

    "Great!  I'm starved."  Mihoshi stood up, and the others did 
likewise.  Mihoshi looked around, and noticed something amiss.  
"Where is Washu and Tenchi?"  At those words, the door to the lab 
opened, and in came Washu carrying Tenchi.

    "Ryoko, dear, I just don't know why you like Tenchi so much.  
He practically doesn't have any endurance at all.  You should leave 
him for your mother.  Even I wore him out."  Ryoko started to growl 
at that comment.

    "Washu!  What were you doing with Tenchi?"  Washu placed Tenchi 
on the couch.  Inwardly, she giggled as she only toyed with him.  
All she did really was basically kiss him.  She didn't have wild 
sex with Tenchi.  She just did that so she could have a little fun, 
and plus, she did think it was cute when Tenchi struggled.

    "Oh nothing, Ryoko-dear.  I just think you might be too much 
for him."  Ryoko's eyes stared to glow yellow as lightning bolts 
electrified her arms.  "I mean, he practically fainted when I was 
done with him."

    Everyone stared at Washu with incredulity.  Everyone except for 
Sasami, who didn't really have a clue what Washu was implying.  Oh 
yeah, Mihoshi was also clueless.  Ayeka was first to react.  "Miss 
Washu, you mean to tell me that you've corrupted Tenchi's purity!"

    Washu grinned.  "Well, I guess if that's what you call it, 
sure!"  Washu grabbed some food and chewed.  Ayeka grabbed Washu 
and started to shake her violently.

    "Miss Washu, of all the people in this world I'd never think 
that you would be so low!"  Ayeka turned to Ryoko.  "I guess I 
can't blame you for your faults.  It seems that they are mostly 
hereditary!"  Washu shrugged her shoulders.

    "Well, you know, a simple kiss is no reason to get murderous."  
Ayeka's eyes dilated and she dropped Washu.

* * *

    "Good night Kiyone."  Mihoshi settled into her bed.

    "Good night, Mihoshi"  Kiyone yawned as she lay back in her bed.
  This household was certainly crowded, but it was this closeness 
that made it interesting.  Still, she couldn't help but remember 
the expression on Tenchi's face when he saw her.  It was quite 
funny, for Kiyone couldn't remember the last time someone thought 
of her or even treated her like a female.

    "I guess I still have a chance with men."  Kiyone had never 
thought of herself as a drop-dead gorgeous woman, but seeing Tenchi 
collapse in front her, gave her some hope.
