Chapter 6

    Washu grumbled a bit as she poked around in the mist.  She knew 
that there was a strong force field around the planet, but she 
already had a plan to bring down the barrier and allow the rest of 
the Jurai Defense Force to land.  Running among the ruins, she 
suddenly had an inspiration so wild and so improbably that it could 
possibly work.  'Damn it!  I'd better bring down the shield.'

    But even as she thought, she felt something wrong.  With her 
portable super computer, she scanned the surroundings.  There was 
nothing.  She checked around, visually.  But there was still 
nothing.  'Why am I getting these feelings all of the sudden?  As 
if something was wrong here.'  Reality struck Washu, and she 
immediately dropped what she was doing.  'It's Ryoko!'

    Running through the ruins, Washu made her way to the Great Hall.
  'Damn it all, if something happened to my daughter, I'll tear out 
Kagato's liver myself!'  Washu began to run faster and faster, but 
deep in her mind, she knew something happened.

* * *

    Tenchi sobbed quietly as he hugged Ryoko.  Of all the stupid 
things she had to do, she had to get herself killed, for his behalf.
  Tenchi muttered, as tears flowed freely.  "Why did you have to do 
that?  Why?"  Tenchi carefully placed Ryoko on the floor.  He 
slowly stood up, and turned to face Kagato, the rage within so 
intense that one could feel an aura around him.

    His voice was deathly cold, devoid of his warmth and emotions 
as he vowed revenge.  "Kagato, you will die!"  Tenchi's eyes spied 
his sword, and he ran after it.  Kagato, on the other hand, felt 
that it was not in his best interest for Tenchi to be armed again 
and indiscriminately blasted energy bolts at Tenchi.

    Ducking and weaving, Tenchi ran all out, only pausing to lower 
his right arm and scoop up his sword.  With practiced ease, Tenchi 
ran around, and made a leap at Kagato.  Kagato barely flinched as 
he deflected Tenchi's blow.  Both resumed their battle, but this 
time, Tenchi intensified his attacks, the memory of Ryoko driving 
him on.

    Washu ran breathless into the room.  'Please let there be no 
problem,' she prayed as  she glanced around.  She saw Tenchi hold 
himself against Kagato rather well.  Washu breathed a sigh of 
relief, but she became calm too early.  Her sigh of relief became 
an anguished sob as she saw Ryoko on the floor.  Washu ran next to 
her daughter's side.  "Ryoko!  Ryoko!"  she shouted, but Ryoko was 
silent to her words.

    Tenchi screamed as he furiously landed blows on Kagato.  "I 
will kill you for what you did to Ryoko!"  Kagato fiercely parried, 
and was getting ready to launch his offensive when he heard a voice 
in his head.

    "Kagato!  Do not forget your reason for being there!  I want 
the boy Tenchi, alive!"  Kagato leaped backwards, and his sword 
disappeared.

    Kagato stood there, almost mocking Tenchi.  "So you wish to 
kill me?  Very well, I'll be waiting for you!"  A giant green 
portal formed about Kagato, and he leaped through it.  Without any 
hesitation, Tenchi followed him through the portal, which closed as 
soon as he left.

    Seconds later, through the ruined ceiling of the Great Hall, a 
giant greenish portal opened up, and Kagato's giant spaceship 
disappeared into it.  Washu gasped.  "Tenchi's gone!"  But despite 
her desires, she knew that Tenchi could take care of himself.  'At 
least he finally grew up.  But now, I have to take care of my 
daughter.'  Washu stared at Ryoko.

    Ayeka dashed up to Washu.  "Is Ryoko alright?  Where is Lord 
Tenchi?"  Sasami, meanwhile, was sobbing as she kneeled next to 
Ryoko.  Washu seemed not to be listening as she kneeled next to 
Ryoko and was gingerly touching the wounds.

* * *

    Tenchi leaped through the portal, ready to follow Kagato to the 
ends of the Universe to avenge the death of Ryoko.  But even as he 
rashly leaped into the portal, something in the back of his head 
told him something was wrong.  Tenchi landed in a giant empty room, 
surrounded in absolute darkness.

   A voice echoed from everywhere.  "I welcome you to my ship, 
Tenchi Masaki.  As it is someone's interest that you be alive, I 
unfortunately had to resort to this underhanded trick to disarm you.
"

    "Come out and fight me, you coward!"  Tenchi ran forwards, when 
he realized that he was moving slower.  Looking down in horror, he 
found that a layer of ice was slowly spread from the his feet, and 
growing upwards.  "Kagato!  I will get you!"  Tenchi forced himself 
to walk, but every step he took, the ice slowly covered more and 
more of his body.  Within a minute, Tenchi was locked in a solid 
layer of ice, and placed into hibernation.

    Kagato growled as he knew that Lady Tokimi wanted Tenchi 
untouched.  He strongly desired to kill that boy right there, as he 
was the only force in the universe that could possibly stand up to 
him.

* * *

    Ayeka shook Washu.  "Washu!  Will Ryoko live?"

    Washu silently stood up.  Washu didn't speak.  "Washu!  Will 
Ryoko live?"  Washu looked at Ayeka, and surprisingly, despite the 
many times Washu had mercilessly teased Ryoko, there was a sadness.

    "There is nothing I can do.  I need to get the jewels from 
Tenchi's sword.  And then, then Ryoko has a chance of living."

    Sasami wiped away some of her tears.  "You mean Ryoko's alive!" 
 There was a hope in her voice.  Washu nodded.

    "She's a live alright, but barely.  But the sooner we get the 
jewels from Tenchi's sword, the better chance Ryoko has for living. 
 But where is Kagato taking Tenchi?"  Washu collapsed to her knees 
again as she thought there was an infinite number of possible 
places Kagato would take Tenchi.

    But fortunately, Washu had a powerful mind, and all of the 
loose ends, for a brief moment came together.  "He's going to Lady 
Tokimi.  I must go!"  Washu carefully picked up Ryoko.  She 
muttered, "Hang on Ryoko.  I'll get you up and walking in no time."

    "Miss Washu, I'd like to come as well.  I'm sure I can help."  
Ayeka rested a calm hand on Washu's shoulder.  Washu stopped for a 
moment as she thought it over.

    "No, Ayeka.  There is no way you are coming.  It was because of 
Tokimi, Ryoko got hurt.  No one is capable of confronting Lady 
Tokimi.  Tenchi might have a chance.  If I got lucky, maybe I can 
match her."  Washu looked at Ayeka with sincerity and the slightest 
trace of tears in her eyes.  "If you came and died, I'd never 
forgive myself."

    Washu turned to Sasami, and as she turned, her emotions made a 
slight deviation.  "So Tsunami!"  Washu stopped for a moment.  "Err,
 Sasami, are you ready to come?"  Sasami nodded.

    "Why of course!  I always love an adventure."  Ayeka started to 
twitch.

    "Well, Miss Washu, then I'm coming along to keep an eye on 
Sasami.  And there is absolutely no way you can say no!"  Washu 
stared at Ayeka for a moment, as if she were thinking about 
knocking out the princess and then running off.

    Washu slumped her shoulders.  "Very well, anyone who wants to 
come along, may come."

* * *

    Lady Tokimi stared at the giant geode of ice, it's surface too 
hazy to reveal its inner contents.  "D3, our plans are going as 
scheduled.  What do you think we should do with Tenchi in the mean 
time?"

    D3 turned, and looked at the goddess.  "I would not know, Lady 
Tokimi.  Perhaps it is best if you handled that detail.  I must 
attend to my duties."

    Lady Tokimi smiled, and she waved her hand.  "Very well, D3.  
You made do as you wish."  D3 immediately faded from the Great Hall.
  Lady Tokimi gestured, and the giant ice crystal splintered, 
leaving Tenchi.  Tenchi remained frozen for a moment, and then he 
gingerly took a step.

    "What happened?"  Tenchi asked to no one in particular.  "Where 
am I?"  Tenchi looked around, in an attempt to regain his bearings. 
 The sword blared in his hands, as he spied Lady Tokimi.  Almost 
immediately, he relaxed his guard.  "Do you know where Kagato 
went?"

    Lady Tokimi smiled cryptically as she looked at Tenchi.  
"Kagato?  I know nothing of Kagato.  He is no more, shall we say.  
He has certainly served his purpose."  Tenchi stared at Lady Tokimi 
quizzically, and she started to laugh.  "I resurrected him for the 
sole purpose of bringing you to me.  I have no use for him at all, 
so I disposed of him."

    Immediately, Tenchi realized, this was the person who brought 
Kagato back to life, the person inherently responsible for Ryoko's 
death.  Tenchi gritted his teeth.  "It's all your fault!"  His 
sword burned bright as he charged Lady Tokimi.  A giant energy wave 
blasted forth from Lady Tokimi, and enveloped Tenchi, so that he 
couldn't move.

    Tokimi continued on, as if she really didn't perceive Tenchi as 
a threat.  "I am fascinated, Tenchi, about Lady Washu.  Maybe you 
can tell me."  Tenchi looked at Lady Tokimi fearfully, as his body 
was locked in a spell.  Before him, he could almost picture Ryoko, 
and seeing her brought a certain comfort to him.  Struggling as 
hard as he could, he could feel the spell binding him starting to 
snap.

    Lady Tokimi looked Tenchi in surprise as he forced himself to 
take a step.  "Very impressive, Tenchi."  Lady Tokimi closed her 
eyes and focused for a moment, feeling an energy build up within 
her, she placed her cold hands on Tenchi's forehead, and intoned a 
spell.

    Tenchi felt the world fading around him, and he heard Lady 
Tokimi speak.  "Open your thoughts and memories to me..."  However, 
Tenchi could hear no more as he had completely blacked out.

    Lady Tokimi felt the information flowing around in Tenchi's 
head.  Facts, dates, and numerous stuff that Tenchi objectively 
experienced in life.  Within the giant darkness of Tenchi's memory, 
Lady Tokimi floated among these facts, serenely examining, and 
experiencing Tenchi's experiences through Tenchi's eyes.  However, 
not all was serene in Tenchi's mind.  Out of nowhere, a giant flood,
 washed down onto Lady Tokimi, and she saw visions in her head, 
visions so painful that she screamed.

    She saw images of Tenchi, crying by his mother's bed.  Images 
of Tenchi playing with his friends.  She was beginning to feel 
Tenchi's emotions, overwhelming her.  She saw Tenchi's father, 
trying hard to be both parents at once, and despite his faults, she 
had to love him.  There was feelings of exasperation as Ayeka and 
Ryoko constantly battled.  There were feelings of trepidation as 
Washu ensnared Tenchi.  There were feelings of relief as soon as 
Mihoshi and Sasami appeared.

    As Tokimi experiences years of Tenchi's life in moments, she 
felt, somewhat dazed, that the memories were coming to an end.  She 
saw Tenchi battling Kagato, the fear that was within Tenchi.  They 
everything became a blur as Tenchi forced himself to put away his 
fear, and the heat of battle overtook Tenchi.  The blur suddenly 
focused on Ryoko, and immediately intense sadness gripped Lady 
Tokimi's heart.

    The memories ran out, and Lady Tokimi stumbled backwards, as 
she found herself taken over by Emotions.  What had taken Ryoko 
years to accomplish in the cave, Lady Tokimi felt in a microburst 
of time, in mere seconds.  And surprisingly, Lady Tokimi felt 
completely different, there was a difference to how she perceived 
things.

    Tenchi felt himself awakening from a light sleep, and he found 
Lady Tokimi reeling backwards and stumbling about as if confused.  
He immediately raised his sword, and prepared to avenge Ryoko's 
death.  But even as he raised the sword, Lady Tokimi collapsed, and 
Tenchi instinctively caught Lady Tokimi.

* * *

    "Miss Washu, you know where Tenchi went?"  Lady Ayeka stood 
next to Washu, who was piloting Ryo-Ohki.  

    Washu muttered.  "Let's say that I suddenly remembered."  Washu 
looked at Ayeka.  "Ayeka, all that I ask you to do is be prepared 
for anything.  We are up against a power more powerful than you or 
even me."  Washu sounded depressed as she turned her concentration 
back to piloting.  "I just hope that we make it out alive."
 
* * *

    Lady Tokimi groaned slightly, and opened her eyes, only to find 
herself staring at the great expanse of ceiling above her.  
Struggling somewhat, she sat up, and saw Tenchi sitting patiently 
on the edge of the dais stare at the ground, as if sad.  As soon as 
he heard Lady Tokimi groan somewhat, he turned to her.  "I assume 
you're feeling better now?"

    "Yes."  Lady Tokimi paused for a moment.  "Thank you."  Lady 
Tokimi felt awkward as she sat there.  Perhaps it was the effect of 
Emotions on her.  She felt a certain guilt, perhaps a guilt for 
foolishly resurrecting Kagato.  Now that she had learned about 
Tenchi's life, she realized that Kagato had caused so much pain to 
Tenchi.  "Tenchi, I'm sorry."

    Tenchi almost laughed cynically as he looked at Lady Tokimi.  
"How could you have done something that rash?  Well I hope you feel 
good about it."  Tenchi sighed as he reflected on his own mortality,
 when Kagato had killed him.  But Tsunami had rescued him.  Why 
couldn't she rescue Ryoko?

    Lady Tokimi felt something overtake her.  "Well I don't feel 
good about it!  I feel downright terrible!"  She snapped at Tenchi, 
and he sort of jumped when she raised her voice.  Even Lady Tokimi 
was surprised.  Never before had she raised her voice.  And just by 
looking at herself, she felt an enormous insight into the reasons 
behind Washu's betrayal.

    Another voice in the back of her head told her to fight the 
change, but there was no turning back.

    "Well, why didn't you think about it first?  Why?  And now 
Ryoko's dead."  Tenchi felt so bad that he could have cried his 
eyes out, but he managed to stifle it.  Somehow, Lady Tokimi knew 
what Ryoko was thinking, blaming himself for Ryoko's death.

    The guilt finally overtook her, and she wanted to some how, 
make it up to Tenchi.  Tenchi felt a hand rest on his shoulder, and 
he turned to find Lady Tokimi.  Lady Tokimi paused for a moment, as 
she tried to find the particular reason why she felt so willing to 
help Tenchi.  Perhaps it had to do with the fact that she knew 
everything about Tenchi.

    "Maybe you want to take a walk?"  Tenchi looked at Lady Tokimi 
for a minute, and looking at the drab surroundings, he followed.

* * *

    Tenchi admitted that he had to be impressed.  The garden that 
Lady Tokimi was taking him through had to be the most impressive 
garden that he had ever seen before.  "It's beautiful."  However, 
the garden didn't help to banish away Tenchi's sadness.  Tenchi 
walked silently among the roses and flowers, some how each 
reminding him about Ryoko.

    Lady Tokimi looked at Tenchi.  "Are you thinking about Ryoko?"  
Immediately, Tenchi froze to the spot.

    "Lady Tokimi, what are you doing?"  It was the monotone voice 
of D3.  Lady Tokimi turned around just in time to see her follower, 
passively standing there.  "I thought you were going to detain the 
human Tenchi."

    Lady Tokimi seemed unsure for a moment.  "Well, I felt that he 
might be bored."

    "You felt something?  Lady Washu is going to be here soon, and 
you are wasting time with that boy?"  Somehow, Lady Tokimi didn't 
like the tone of D3's voice.  It seems to unalive, and yet, there 
was a menacing almost impatient tone to it.  She faltered for a 
moment.

    "Leave her alone, will you?"  Lady Tokimi heard Tenchi's voice, 
which was the direct opposite of D3's.  It seemed so alive, and 
filled with emotions.  It was calming and soothing.

    D3 muttered a curse, and he walked out of the garden.  He 
called out over his shoulder.  "Lady Tokimi, when the time comes, I 
hope for your benefit that you do not falter."

    Lady Tokimi stared as D3 exited.  "I can handle him myself, you 
know."  Lady Tokimi didn't need Tenchi standing up for her, but she 
did appreciate Tenchi's willingness to stand beside her.  "But 
thanks."

    Tenchi had been thinking while he was in the garden.  "So, you 
never told me.  Why are you so interested in Washu?"

    "20,000 years ago, I sent her to this dimension with Tsunami to 
determine whether it would be feasible to take over this world.  
Tsunami, after crossing the dimensional boundary, immediately 
rebelled against me, and disappeared.  Washu was loyal for many 
centuries, when she too rebelled."  Lady Tokimi paused.  "I want to 
find out what happened, and I am going to punish Washu for not 
following orders."

    "You're going to punish Washu?"  Tenchi seemed turned off by 
the fact that Lady Tokimi seemed so, so angry.  That was a 
disadvantage of having emotions.  Allowing emotions to run freely 
without proper restraint was just as bad as having no emotions.  
"Why?  Washu is such a good person."

    Lady Tokimi calmed down a little.  "So is she important to you? 
 Even when she teases you all the time?"

    Tenchi seemed put off slightly.  "Well, she is a good friend."

* * *

    "Are we there yet?"  Mihoshi complained to Washu.

    Washu gritted her teeth.  "Will you stop asking that bubble 
head?  I said less than 30 seconds that we'll be there soon!"

* * *

    "So Tenchi, what do you think of my garden?  Do you like it?"  
Lady Tokimi looked at Tenchi.

    "It's very beautiful, but I prefer to be home right now."  
Tenchi spied a tree, and he leaned against it.  "I don't know, but 
I want to be home."

    "Why is that?  Is the garden beautiful?  Or you don't like the 
garden?  I can change it."  With a wave of the hand, the entire 
garden changed.  It seemed more life like and beautiful.  But 
somehow, watching the garden change before him didn't help to make 
himself feel better.

    "It's not the garden."  Tenchi worked hard to formulate what he 
truly felt into words.  "It's just that I don't like it here.  I 
just don't know what to believe and what not to believe."  Tenchi 
looked around all confused.  "And I just want to be alone."

    "Are you sure?"  Lady Tokimi suddenly sounded very different.  
"I was alone for an eternity."  Tenchi looked at Lady Tokimi, for a 
moment, somewhat dubious.  "Before, I didn't care about being alone.
  All that I had was my desire to take over dimensions.  And now, 
after meeting you, I feel that I have missed a great deal in my 
life."

    "I don't mean I want to be alone forever.  I just want just to 
think alone for awhile."  Tenchi choked for a moment.  "I just want 
to think about Ryoko."

    "You love her, don't you?"  That question made Tenchi freeze 
for a minute.  "You're thinking about her?"  Tenchi immediately 
looked away, and remained silent.

    Lady Tokimi didn't know why she was suddenly getting so anxious 
around Tenchi.  She had been virtually alone for her entire life, 
and now, right in front of her, was the chance to get a companion, 
one who could make her life more fulfilled.  She had to convince 
him to stay.

(Ok, sue me.  I had to make at least one more girl fall for Tenchi..
.)

    "Tenchi, I want you to stay."  Tokimi could almost slap herself,
 as her wording didn't come out the way she wanted it.  It seemed 
so impersonal, so uninteresting.  Tenchi didn't answer, he 
continued to stare at his feet.

    "Come on, Tenchi.  I want you to stay."  Lady Tokimi found 
herself almost laughing at the situation.  Here, the most powerful 
force in the universe, begging to a mere mortal.  And yet, she 
found that she wanted to know Tenchi's opinion.  'What is 
happening?'

    "I'm sorry, I can't stay."

    'Oh, why won't he listen to me?'  Tokimi could feel her anger 
rising again.  That was one disadvantage of having Emotions.  Those 
who can not control their emotions are often driven to impulsive 
acts.  That is when emotions can be very dangerous.

    "You are going to stay."  Tokimi's voice lowered slightly, 
giving Tenchi an impression that she was being irrational.  "There 
is no way I'm going to spend another thousand of years all by 
myself."  Tenchi seemed rather uninterested with Lady Tokimi's 
demands.

    "You have nothing to keep you on Earth."  Tenchi was quick to 
respond to that allegation.

    "That's not true."  Tenchi scowled, as he rested his head on 
his knees, waiting for something to happen.

    Lady Tokimi started to speak, and with every word, Tenchi felt 
his gut wrenched around.  "You are not accepted on Jurai.  You are 
quite possibly them most powerful mortal in this dimension, and you 
are not recognized.  A woman that you loved died."  Tenchi couldn't 
bear to hear Lady Tokimi echo his thoughts precisely.

    It wasn't that Tenchi constantly got these self-depreciating 
thoughts, just that when he felt sad or low, he'd think about them. 
 Tenchi stood up and briskly walked away.  "Tenchi, stop."  That 
voice made Tenchi stand still, rooted to the spot.  Intrigued, 
Tenchi turned around, and thought he saw a ghost.

    Somehow, some force entered his mind, making it hard for him to 
reason this improbable situation.  Right in front of him was Ryoko, 
perfectly fine, without a single hurt or wound.  "Ryoko..."  Tenchi 
stood mesmerized, but a tiny voice in the back of the head told him 
to resist.  However, Lady Tokimi's powers of illusion were so great 
that Tenchi could not see through the illusion.

    Tenchi hugged Lady Tokimi.

* * *

    Washu looked out at the tiny expanse of space.  For a moment, 
she scrutinized the area, as if trying to unearth a memory in her 
head.  Finally satisfied, she turned to the others.  "We have 
arrived.  The hardest part is yet to have come."

    Carefully, with extreme skill, Washu slowly guided Ryo-Ohki 
into the tiny dimensional rip that separated Lady Tokimi's kingdom 
from the real world.  After landing, Washu paced around, surveying 
the surroundings.  'I've been here before.'  Washu muttered.  "If I 
can remember correctly, we should go this way."  Washu picked up 
Ryoko, and tirelessly walked through the mist.

    The group tried to forge their way through the thick mist, and 
at times, they struggled to discern the person in front of them.  
Eventually, the mist thinned out, and a palace, more grandiose than 
the Jurai Royal Palace, loomed in front of them.  Washu 
uncharacteristically appeared cautious as she stood in front of the 
giant gates, apparently waiting or lost in thought.

    Ayeka seemed slightly puzzled, as Washu was usually quick to 
throw caution to the wind.  "What's wrong, Washu?  You seem to be 
unusually cautious."

    Washu stared for a moment.  "Around Lady Tokimi, you have to be 
cautious.  She never makes a mistake.  To be against her, you need 
to control all of your mistakes."  Washu peered around, and took a 
deep breath.  "Get ready."  Together, they entered the palace.

    Endless echoes, the sound of feet impacting with the ground 
with a mesmerizing beat.  Washu muttered.  "Everyone, grab a hold 
of the person's hand next to you, and don't let go."

    Kiyone was puzzled as she handed she grabbed onto Washu's 
shoulder and Mihoshi latched on to her other hand.  "Miss Washu, 
why are we doing this?"

    "Lady Tokimi is a master of many things, and illusions are one 
of her nasty specialties.  Around the Great Hall is her Maze of 
Illusion.  It does not appear the same to anyone.  I know the way, 
and I don't want to feel bad about leaving any of you in there."  
Washu plowed on purposefully through what appeared to be a wall.

* * *

    Lady Tokimi suddenly felt a disturbance.  Not quite a 
disturbance, but an old familiar feeling that made her spine tingle 
somewhat.  She stood up, and almost immediately, Tenchi stood up.  
"What's wrong?  Ryoko?"  he asked as he looked at Lady Tokimi.

    Lady Tokimi looked grim.  "A small group of people are coming." 
 Lady Tokimi knew that the visitors' intent was to rescue Tenchi, 
and she wouldn't let them take him without a fight.  Suddenly a 
plan crept into her mind, a plan that actually had a chance to work.
  Somehow, she found herself not liking the plan, but compared to 
spending the rest of eternity alone, she found her plan more 
satisfying.
