Tenchi Muyo RyoOhki- The Continuation

By Michael Chen

Overall this is a restructured story that borrows elements from 
it's predecessor, Tenchi Muyo 2.5.

Chapter 1 - Dreams

    Sasami slowly wandered through the forest, enjoying the sights 
and smells of the plants and life.  Kneeling down to get a better 
look at a flower, she heard laughing behind her, and she turned 
around to find everyone with her, all smiling and for once, not 
actually fighting.  Tenchi was seated against a tree, smiling as he 
was speaking.  Sasami too smiled as she tried to savor this brief 
moment in their hectic lives.  However, the happiness proved to be 
short.

    Suddenly, above them, the sun was blocked out by a giant dark 
void that slowly descended down to Earth.  The instant it touched 
the ground, the void shrank down to a tiny point and shimmered for 
a moment.  Then it happened.  The tiny point burst forth with great 
energy, a wall of white light raced towards them.  It was fortunate 
for the those who were closest for they didn't have to witness the 
horrors of friends being charred to a crisp as their flesh were 
burn, soon followed by their bones.  Sasami wasn't fortunate as she 
witnessed everything get destroyed.  Her friends, family, the 
beautiful trees, the forest, everything was destroyed.

   Finally, the wave of energy reached her.

   Sasami shivered as she felt a darkness around her.  Wandering 
around, aimlessly, her senses dulled by the lack of stimuli, Sasami 
called out.  "Ayeka, Ryoko?  Where are you?  Tenchi?  Washu?"  She 
received no response, not even an echo of her voice.  Nothing was 
here, except for herself and the screaming silence that threatened 
her.  She wandered around a little bit more, and she felt the floor 
shifting beneath her and the still air around her rush upwards as 
the floor beneath her gave way.

    Sasami woke up with a shout, as for the third night in a row 
she had terrible nightmares.  And with every passing day, the 
nightmares were becoming more and more intense.  Wiping the tears 
from her eyes, she stood up, and ran to Tenchi's room seeking to 
find comfort.  Timidly, knocking on the door, Sasami sobbed out.  
"Tenchi Tenchi-ni-chan?"

    The door slide open, revealing Tenchi concerned as usual.  
"What's wrong Sasami?"

    "I had a bad dream, Tenchi."  Sasami sobbed, as she hugged 
Tenchi.  Tenchi picked her up, and walked into the room.  "Can I 
sleep here tonight?"  Inside, she felt a lot better when she saw 
Tenchi smile.

   "Sure.  I guess I'll sleep on the floor."  Tenchi dropped Sasami 
off on his bed, and he returned to his desk to do some studying, 
despite the fact that he did not attend school.

* * *

    Ayeka muttered to herself as she walked down the stairs, in the 
morning.  As usual, Sasami wasn't in her bed when she woke up, 
causing Ayeka to twitch uncontrollably as she knew that her younger 
sister had most likely spent the entire night in Tenchi's room.  
Not that she was jealous, of course.

    Taking a deep breath, she tried to savor the aroma of breakfast,
 when she suddenly felt the urge to pound someone's face into the 
ground.  It wasn't spontaneous, of course.  It was just that awful 
voice she heard coming from the living room.  A voice of a certain 
Ryoko that was toying with a certain object of love named Tenchi.  
"Come on Tenchi, how about a good morning kiss?"  Tenchi coughed in 
exclamation.  Ayeka felt a growl surface from her throat as she 
visualized Ryoko forcing herself onto Tenchi, and she stomped down 
the stairs purposefully.

    "What are you doing!"  Ayeka shouted as she stumbling in on 
Ryoko playing with Tenchi.  "You uncouth slut let go of Tenchi this 
instant!"  Tenchi squirmed with pain as Ryoko allowed Ayeka's 
insult to affect her.

    "Ah Ryoko don't scratch me so hard!"  Tenchi said through his 
teeth.  Ryoko looked down in surprise, and she let go of Tenchi.

   "Oh Tenchi I'm sorry.  I'll go pound that mean woman who made me 
hurt you."  Ryoko genuinely was sorry, since Tenchi would be the 
last person in the universe she would like to hurt.  Ryoko stood up,
 and turned to Ayeka.  "Ayeka, why do you always have to interrupt 
us in our foreplay?  Couldn't you bother us a little bit later?"

    Ayeka started to twitch as she heard Ryoko's reference to sex.  
Her hands clawed up and started to twitch violently.  "Ryoko, how 
dare you associate such lecherous activities with my Tenchi!  In 
the name of the honor of Jurai, I must punish you!"  

   Tenchi looked at the two girls locked in kill kill mode, and he 
tried to break them up before they destroyed the entire house.  
"Now, Ryoko, Ayeka couldn't we settle this peacefully."  He placed 
a hand on Ayeka's and Ryoko's shoulder.

    Ironically, Ryoko and Ayeka shouted back. "No!"  Tenchi cringed 
backwards, and he decided he should leave the room before the two 
girls broke out the heavy weaponry.  But, Tenchi as always was 
fated to get involved in another one of their fights.  Each 
latching onto one of his arms, Ryoko and Ayeka tugged and tried to 
get Tenchi to side with her.  "Tenchi agrees with me!"  they 
shouted at each other.

    Tenchi didn't mind it when the girls tried to get close to him. 
 But he definitely minded it when they tried to wrench his arms out 
of his shoulders.  Tenchi struggled, but to no avail.  He knew that 
there was no way that he could stop Ayeka or Ryoko when they got 
angry.  He shouted out.  "Somebody help me!"

    Almost immediately, Sasami walked in from the kitchen.  "Ayeka! 
 Ayeka!  Let go of Tenchi before you hurt him!"  Sasami started to 
try to pry Ayeka's iron fist open, so Tenchi to get free.  
Simultaneously, on the other side, Washu and Mihoshi tried to free 
Tenchi from Ryoko's grasp.  Finally after a lot of struggle, 
Mihoshi and Washu managed to restrain the two battling women.

    Even this time Washu couldn't help but allow herself to make a 
snide remark.  "Always fighting like children.  Tenchi, like I 
always say, you'd be a lot better off with me."

    Sasami looked at Tenchi.  "Are you alright Tenchi?"

    Even Mihoshi had her say.  "Gosh, don't you two have something 
better to fight over?"

    Tenchi shook his head.  "Thanks Sasami, Washu, and Mihoshi.  If 
you don't mind, I think I'm going to go lie down, and wish this 
nightmare was over."

* * *

    Both Ayeka and Ryoko looked at Tenchi with puppy dog eyes as 
they watched him silently eat dinner.  It was unusual that Tenchi 
give the girls the silent treatment that even Sasami and Washu 
looked at Tenchi skeptically.  Tenchi sighed as he rested his 
chopsticks on his ricebowl, and he spoke.  "Ayeka, Ryoko.  I'm not 
agree.  It's just that why can't you two not fight all of the time.
"  Looking around, Tenchi finally relaxed his mask of anger, and 
looked rather pensive.  "Well, Sasami that was a great meal.  I 
think I'm going to go study in my room a bit."

    As soon as Tenchi left the dining room, Ryoko and Ayeka 
breathed out a sigh of relief.  Fortunately for them, Tenchi was a 
kindhearted person, who was quick to forgive, for as soon as he had 
seen their depressed looks, he had forgotten all of his anger.

    Sasami yawned as she finished putting away the last dish into 
the cupboard.  Recently, she hadn't been receiving a lot of sleep, 
and she felt quite groggy after an active day.  Not even bothering 
to walk to her room, she stumbled out of the kitchen, and settled 
on a comfortable couch.  Yawning loudly, she rested a little, and 
looked at the clouds through the skylight in the ceiling.  It 
wasn't too soon that her eyes closed, and she fell into a deep 
slumber.

 * * *

    A cold dark breeze blew across Sasami's face, chilling it in an 
uncomfortable way.  Walking in the dim light, Sasami found herself 
walking in a still world to the familiar house that she called home.
  As she approached, the house slowly began changing in front of 
her.  It started to implode inwards on itself, silently.  Wood 
snapped, roof tiles crunched, nails popped, glass shattered in 
front of her without a sound.

    Shouting aloud in exclamation, Sasami run towards the house, 
and called out.  "Tenchi!  Ayeka!  Ryoko!  Washu!  Mihoshi!  Where 
are you?"  She cried as she approached the ruined house that slowly 
faded away from her view, revealing nothing in front of her, except 
for a familiar darkness.  Slowly walking alone, in the bitter cold 
darkness, she cried for a few minutes, but surprisingly, the next 
step instantly transported her into a grand and large hall.  At the 
opposite end, on a large dais of ivory, was a giant throne.  

    However, that throne was not empty, as a woman vague familiar 
stood up.  The woman was perfect in every way except for one aspect.
  She seemed rather angry and she pointed at Sasami while silently 
screaming out aloud.  Sasami felt another person enter the room.  
Looking over her shoulder, she found Washu sprawled out on the 
floor, with Tenchi standing above her still body, his sword drawn. 

    Sasami gasped as she looked Tenchi.  His normally animated face 
as cold as a statue's face.  His cold eyes locked onto Sasami, and 
he slowly began to walk towards her.  Screaming, Sasami tried to 
run away, but no matter how hard she tried, Tenchi bearing his blue 
gleaming sword followed relentlessly, never ending.  Tenchi lunged 
with his sword, and she felt a heavy thing land on her chest, and 
she screamed.

    Sasami fell backwards, and impacted with the ground, in her own 
pool of blood.  But, strangely enough, Sasami could still see what 
was happening.  Tenchi without as much an emotion on his face 
turned away from Sasami when he walked into the beautiful woman's 
arms, and both locked into a wild embrace.  Sasami tried to move, 
but something was holding her down, keeping her down.  She couldn't 
scream.  She watched Tenchi and the woman locked in passionate 
kissing, their hands wildly clawing at each other's back.

    Sasami screamed as she bolted straight up in the couch, 
throwing a surprised Ryo-Ohki some distance away.  Sasami whispered 
hoarsely, as she tried to keep the dream out of her thoughts.  
Ayeka who was sitting at another couch, doing some work, looked 
over.  "Sasami, what's wrong?  Why are you crying?"

    Sasami sniffled as she walked over to Ayeka.  "I had a bad 
dream again."  She sobbed as she picked up Ryo-Ohki, and 
absentmindedly petted her as she approached her older sister.  
Ryoko, who was resting in her usual spot, ventured to look down.

    Ayeka muttered to herself.  "Oh dear, not again.  Can you tell 
me what do you see in your dreams?"

    Sasami looked at the floor ashamed.  "I'm sorry, but I don't 
really remember my dreams.  But I remember that something very bad 
happened to Tenchi, Washu, and me!  Some strange woman took Tenchi 
away."  Sasami felt her tears start to flow freely again, as she 
tried to recall her terrible nightmare, but strangely enough, she 
couldn't remember much.

    Ayeka eyed Ryoko suspiciously.  "Is that so?"  Ayeka focused 
her attention back to her little sister.  "Why don't you take your 
nap right here?  Nothing should happen."  Ayeka flashed an 
encouraging smile, and Sasami settled down next to her sister again 
her eyes closed as she settled into sleep again.

* * *

    The next day proved to be a lot better, as Ryoko and Ayeka were 
careful not to start fighting in front of Tenchi, lest they provoke 
his anger.  After returning from the fields, Tenchi entered the 
kitchen, just in time to catch Sasami preparing for their daily 
afternoon tea.  "Tenchi, could you go get Washu?"  Tenchi sighed 
inwardly as he ventured to the sub-dimensional door that led to 
Washu's laboratory.  Secretly, he dreaded Washu's interest in 
attempting millions of tests on his body.  It wasn't fun at all for 
him.

    Riding a lift down from the main floor to one of lab's lower 
levels, Tenchi stepped off, and approach the red-head mad scientist 
who was busy cataloging all the creatures.  Hearing a footstep, 
Washu turned around just in time to see Tenchi.  Her face lit up 
like a light bulb.  "Tenchi.  Don't you think you could..."

    Tenchi politely cut her off.  "I'm sorry, but Sasami doesn't 
want the tea to get cold."  Washu sighed rather audibly as she 
stood up.

    "Well, I guess you're right, but after tea time do you think 
you could."  Washu never finished her sentence as she felt her head 
flooded with pain.  Excruciating and unexplainable pain filled her 
head, as some invisible barrier in her head had given way to 
releasing a flash flood of information.  Washu stumbled about, and 
Tenchi concerned, ventured to rush forwards, and pick up Washu.

    "Washu, you don't look so well."  Tenchi looked at Washu's eyes,
 which were beginning to glaze over as she slipped into 
unconsciousness.  "Washu!  Washu!  Are you alright?"  Washu barely 
responded, her voice quite slurred, and disjoined.

   "Tenchi, pain, stop, Tokimi, must stop, can not"  Tenchi stood 
there rooted to the spot completely mystified by the rubbish that 
Washu was saying, and he immediately ran out of her lab.  Ryoko 
yawning at the relative quietness of the house, was surprised to 
hear the dimension door to Washu's lab slam open, and a panting 
Tenchi holding onto Washu emerge.

    Initially, Ryoko was ready to let fly a couple blasts at Washu, 
then she noticed that Washu was unconscious and twitching 
uncontrollably.  "Something has happened to Washu!  He carefully 
laid Washu on a couch, and everyone looked at her concern.  Tenchi 
kneeled beside her and carefully dabbed at Washu's forehead with a 
cool moist cloth.  He explained what happened.  "I don't know what 
happened.  One moment I was talking with Washu, and the next moment,
 she nearly collapses!"

    Tenchi sighed as he dabbed at Washu's forehead.  Groaning, 
Washu's eyes fluttered open just in time to see everyone's 
concerned faces.  Holding her hand to her head, and surprised to 
find Tenchi's hand, she groaned as she settled back, unable to sit 
up.  "What happened?"  she asked weakly.  Fortunately, the 
throbbing pain in her head gave way, and some ten minutes later, 
she was able to sit up.

    "Washu, what happened?"  Washu looked at Tenchi's face, and she 
resisted the urge to make a remark.  "Are you ok?  Does it hurt 
anywhere?"

    Washu sighed as she looked upwards at the sky.  She felt a 
heavy weight pressing down on her shoulders as the sudden influx of 
information into her head did not provide answers.  Instead it 
created more unanswered questions that Washu desperately wanted 
solved, for among hidden information that had surfaced in her mind, 
one thing was certain.  Lady Tokimi was coming.

* * *

    "Detective First Class Kiyone, reporting in for duty sir!"  The 
chief looked skeptically at Kiyone, dressed in tattered clothing, 
her hair a mess.  In other words, she was a complete mess.  The 
Chief looked Kiyone's eyes, and he couldn't help but notice a 
twinge of insanity that was reflected back at him.

    "Um, Detective First Class, how are you feeling at this point?  
And why haven't you reported back for duty?"  The Chief looked 
rather nervously at Kiyone.

    "I'm sorry, sir, but I've never been better."  The chill in her 
voice somehow made the Chief's common sense quiver in fear, but 
otherwise, Kiyone seemed perfectly normal.  At least she wasn't 
emotionally unstable or killing a fellow officer.  "I'm sorry for 
my delay in reporting back, but I was indisposed for the moment, as 
I was unable to find a transport back to Galaxy Police.

    "Err, well, considering your partner," the Chief coughed, "I'm 
sure that this was a complete accident, and we'll just let this one 
slide."  The Chief imperceptibly nodded his head in amazement at 
Kiyone, as he thought that anyone stuck to that Mihoshi would have 
become a raving lunatic, at best.

    Kiyone smiled back rather cryptically at the Chief.  The Chief 
coughed.  "So what would you like to be reassigned?  Mihoshi's been 
transferred out of patrol, and she was reassigned to the Sol System.
"  Kiyone looked back with a start, the first time that she had 
displayed any emotion at all.

    "The Sol System?  Isn't that off limits to Galaxy Police?"  
Kiyone knew very well that the Jurai Empire liked to protect it's 
privacy rather intensely.

    "Apparently, she has gotten permission from the Crown Prince of 
Jurai."  Kiyone shook her head in disbelief.

    "Well, I'd like to be reassigned as Mihoshi's partner again.  
I'll depart as soon as possible.  I'm sure we'll have fun getting 
reacquainted."  Kiyone's voice completely reverted back to its 
neutral tone as deep within her mind, she thought of a way to get 
back at Mihoshi for leaving her behind amongst the wreckage of that 
terrible spaceship in the middle of nowhere.

* * *

    Settling down to a big lunch prepared by Sasami, everyone 
prepared to dig in when the sound of a Galaxy Police Cruiser 
landing in the front yard startled everyone, and soon the table was 
empty as all piled out of the door to see the incoming spaceship.  
A giant Galaxy Police Cruiser with the standard GP logo emblazoned 
on the hull stood in front of Mihoshi and her friends.  A hatch 
opened, and a beautiful woman with a slight greenish tint to her 
hair stepped out.  Mihoshi broke into her usual antics.

    "Kiyone!  Long time no see!  I thought you died in the 
accident!"  Mihoshi had been eager to run to her partner and hug 
her, but something about the manner that her partner was standing 
convinced her not to.  Maybe it was the fact that her partner had 
her service pistol drawn and aimed at her head.

    "Because of you, I had to sit in the middle of some pile of 
junk for three months in the middle of nowhere."  Kiyone shouted 
through her teeth.  Everyone looked at each other, as they suddenly 
realized that the story of Mihoshi's saving of the universe had a 
grain of truth to it.  Secretly, deep down inside, all of them 
didn't believe in the Pretty Samy part.

    Mihoshi started to babble as she looked cross-eyed at the 
pistol aimed straight at her head.  "Well, Kiyone, I hope you 
weren't angry with what I did.  It was an accident."

    Kiyone started to laugh insanely.  "Angry?  Angry?  Of course 
I'm not angry.  I'm raving mad!  How could you leave me in such a 
place?  I could have gotten a promotion for what I did.  But no, I 
had to get stuck in a field of debris in space for three months."  
Surprisingly, Mihoshi broke out into tears, and to her partner's 
surprise, she ran up and hugged Kiyone.

    "I'm so sorry Kiyone.  I mean, I always mess everything up."  
Mihoshi started to sob on and on, soaking Kiyone's uniform with her 
tears.  Kiyone sighed, as she lowered her pistol.  Somehow, revenge 
didn't really suit her, and Mihoshi always had been a good friend 
to her.  Of course, except for that critical moment when Mihoshi 
left her for dead, but otherwise their partnership had been a good 
thing.  And the other thing was Kiyone was never a cold blooded 
killer, she just couldn't bring herself to shoot her partner.

    Tenchi walked up, and trying to reduce the tension of the 
situation, he introduced himself.  "So you're Kiyone?  The partner 
Mihoshi's been always talking about?"  Tenchi offered his hand, as 
if to shake hers.  Carefully putting her blaster away, she offered 
her hand.  "Hi, I'm Tenchi, and I'm sure Mihoshi would be more than 
happy to introduce the others."

* * *

    Kiyone helped herself to a hearty meal as she looked in 
amazement at the story that the other's had to tell.  "So you say 
that Tenchi single-handedly defeated Kagato?  That certainly is no 
simple task!  Kagato is on the list of class I criminals!"  Kiyone 
waited just in case that boy Tenchi began to brag about his 
strengths.  For one thing that Kiyone had learned very well from 
her ex-boyfriend, ex-partner, men tended to toot their horn a 
little too much.  Amazingly, Tenchi didn't speak a word.  She 
looked at Tenchi and couldn't help but shake her head in amazement.

    Tenchi carefully placed his chopsticks on the bowl, and he 
stood up.  "Well, I guess I'd better be going to the fields."  
Tenchi stood up, and he left the room.  Kiyone looked around at the 
calm surroundings.  'Perhaps it isn't too bad that I got reassigned 
with Mihoshi again.  Maybe I can get some peace here for a little 
bit.'
