Chapter 8

    Washu watched as Tenchi slowly approached.  'So this is the 
treachery Lady Tokimi had planned.  Idiot!  Why did she have to do 
this?  She knows that I won't hurt Tenchi!'  Tenchi stuck.  Moving 
rapidly, his sword sliced through the air, it's energy leaving the 
characteristic smell of ozone behind.

    "Tenchi wake up.  Please?  I know that you don't want to fight 
me."  Washu fiercely parried another barrage of attacks.  Backing 
away quickly to buy herself some time, Washu shouted at Lady Tokimi.
  "You coward!  Hiding behind a pawn like that!"

    Lady Tokimi only smiled back, cryptically.  And Tenchi 
continued to approach.  His black eyes, normally bright and glowing 
with his inner life, strangely dulled.  He seemed a different 
person.  Washu leaped backwards from another attack.  'He's gotten 
pretty good!  How do I stop him?'  Washu fiercely parried off a 
succession of attacks, Tenchi was serious.

    Suddenly a forcefield appeared around Tenchi, restraining him 
from movement.  Ayeka shouted.  "Washu!  I got him!"  However, 
Ayeka was slightly hasty, as Tenchi with ultimate effort, managed 
to neutralize the field.

    "He's holding the Master Key!  There's no way you can use your 
royal powers to stop him!"  Washu leaped out of the path of the 
shimmering blade.

    Sasami stood up, and shouted.  "Tenchi, stop it right now!"  
Somehow, it was her voice and it wasn't her voice all at the same 
time.  Washu stopped moving.  Tenchi lowered his sword slightly.  
Even Tokimi turned her head.  Immediately Tokimi, consumed with 
hatred pointed at Sasami.

    "Tsunami!  How dare you defy me and try to return!"  Sasami 
took a timid step back.  "Tenchi!  Take care of her first!"  Sasami 
felt fear grip her as Tenchi's eyes locked on to her.  He slowly 
walked towards Sasami, with his sword ready to strike.  Sasami 
tripped, and unable to stand up, she started to push herself 
backwards in an attempt to avoid Tenchi's wrath.


    However, Tenchi easily closed the distance, and sobbing, Sasami 
cringed, not wanting to see the sword.  A weak voice whispered.  
"No, Tenchi this is not you."  Sasami looked at Ryoko, who was 
right next to her.  Ryoko's face betrayed the agony as she summoned 
the energy to stay conscious and to speak.  "No Tenchi."  Tenchi 
stood frozen.

    For a brief moment, Ryoko managed to break through the 
illusions in Tenchi's mind.  Tenchi took one stare at Ryoko on the 
ground, and he looked at the Ryoko seated on the throne.  He looked 
at the two once more.  Confusion gripped Tenchi, and suddenly 
disappeared.

    She heard Tenchi whisper.  "No."  The blade dissolved, and 
Tenchi dropped the sword.  "No, I will not do as you say!  You are 
not Ryoko!"  Tenchi turned around stared at Lady Tokimi.  "I will 
not hurt my friends!  How dare you try to use me in that way!"  
Tokimi, for the first time looked as if she was unsure.  Tenchi 
immediately kneeled down and clasped Ryoko's hand.

    Washu had to appreciate the turn of events.  Banishing away her 
sword, Washu hugged Tenchi.  "Oh Tenchi you're back!"  Tokimi 
visibly started to twitch.

    "How dare you!"  Tokimi prepared to unleash her own attack, 
when she realized that Washu, her target, was right next to Tenchi. 
 Washu watched Tokimi as Tokimi waffled, uncertain about what to do.
  She knew that if she didn't fire, then her goal of punishing 
Washu would have been a failure.  If she did attack, the not only 
would she kill Washu, but Tenchi as well.

    For a tense moment, the entire room was silent and focused on 
Lady Tokimi.

    Lady Tokimi looked at Tenchi's eyes, and then at Washu.  
Unwillingly, Lady Tokimi lowered her hand, and the energy that was 
building up gradually dissipated.  Lady Tokimi opened her mouth as 
if to speak.

    "Lady Tokimi you have become soft indeed."  A voice boomed from 
a dark corner of the hall, and echoed multiple times.

    "D3.  Where are you?"  Lady Tokimi looked around warily.  
Recently, she had been getting second thoughts about her eternal 
follower, D3.  It seemed that after meeting Tenchi, she had been 
able to detect an underlying tone in her associate.

    D3 materialized in front of Lady Tokimi.  "Lady Tokimi.  You 
needn't antagonize yourself.  I'm taking control of the situation." 
 An energy field formed around Lady Tokimi completely enclosing her 
within an impenetrable barrier.  "As for Lady Washu."  D3 raised 
his hand unleashed a giant hail of energy, at Washu and the others.

    D3's mind was filled with delusions as his vision was 
temporarily blinded by the flash.  As his eyes readjusted, he was 
surprised to find Washu still standing.  Ayeka was sprawled out on 
the floor.  Tenchi was on top of Sasami and Ryoko.  Tenchi stirred 
a little.

    Washu withdrew her hand.  "I see you still barely have enough 
power."

    Washu's comment infuriated D3.  "How dare you mock me!  For 
that, I shall have your head!"  D3 gestured, and a body of dirt was 
summoned out of the ground.  The body solidified, and suddenly 
became flesh.  "Kagato! Kill them all!"

    Even Washu had to take a step back in fear.  "He's given Kagato 
too much energy."

    Kagato stood there reveling in his life.  "I can feel the 
energy flowing through me."  His eyes focused on Tenchi.  "Tenchi 
Masaki.  Prepare for my ultimate power!"  Kagato started to laugh 
insanely.

    Washu muttered.  "You know, Tenchi, now would be a great time 
to summon the Light Hawk Wings."  Tenchi backed away slowly.

    "I can't do that!"  Tenchi was completely overwhelmed with 
terror.  Perhaps it had something to do with the giant energy 
buildup around Kagato.

    "Think of the others!"  Washu gave Tenchi a glance, but since 
he was paralyzed with fear, Washu summoned her sword again, and 
charged.  "D3, you bastard!"  Washu screamed as she thrust her 
blade into Kagato.

    D3 laughed.  "Tut tut.  Washu, how unwise not to use your most 
powerful attack."  Washu looked in amazement as Kagato grabbed her 
energy blade and snapped it.  "You truly think you can defeat my 
creation?"  Kagato grabbed onto Washu by her neck and lifted her up.


    Struggling, Washu tried to teleport, but some field prevented 
her from doing so.  Seeing Washu and Ryoko as well as Ayeka and 
Sasami stirred Tenchi's heart.  Standing straight in a new pose.  
Tenchi stared at Kagato, before praying to god.  "Don't hurt 
Washu!"  Tenchi screamed as he slashed his sword through Kagato's 
arm.

    Kagato leaped backwards, and his arm regenerated.  Washu was 
kneeling on the floor, mildly gasping for air.  D3 chuckled.  "My 
creation versus Tsunami's creation.  Which one shall prevail?"  
Tenchi without disregard charged at Kagato again, and was surprised 
to find that Kagato didn't bother to move at all.  Tenchi's sword 
was stopped inches away from the target.

    To Tenchi's surprise, the sword's blade was nullified.  Washu 
gasped.  "Kagato has control over energy flow!"  Tenchi however did 
not give up.  He continuously attacked Kagato, but every time, his 
sword would flicker out before landing on Kagato.

    The last time, Tenchi felt Kagato rase through the sword, and 
grab a hold of his neck.  "Puny boy.  Think that you could change 
my plans once again?"  Kagato grabbed Tenchi by the neck and lifted 
him up.  "Before, I tried to drain the power of the jewels.  But 
know I shall drain a far greater source, your own!"  Greenish 
lightning raced from Tenchi and to Kagato.   Tenchi struggled as 
best as he could, but with every moment he felt himself get weaker 
and weaker.

    Tokimi banged helplessly on the force field that kept her at 
bay.  D3 turned to Lady Tokimi, and he looked at Tenchi, who was 
still struggling vigorously in Kagato's grasp.  "Lady Tokimi, I 
know you want to save Tenchi.  I might be able to spare Tenchi's 
life, if you would do one small task for me."  Tokimi, her eyes 
marred with tears, looked at D3, as if she didn't know whether to 
trust him.  

    D3 smiled, as he presented the entire point of his escapade.  
"Lady Tokimi, give me your power in exchange for Tenchi's life."  
Lady Tokimi looked uncertain for a moment, and she flashed a glance 
at Tenchi who was screaming, trying to break free of Kagato's iron 
grasp.

    D3 seemed impatient.  "Well?"

    Tenchi managed to shout at between his screams.  "No!  Don't 
give anything to him!"

    D3 was extremely impatient.  "Make your decision before the boy 
dies."

    "No!  Tokimi don't!"

    Lady Tokimi closed her eyes and turned her head away from 
Tenchi.  D3 smiled evilly.  "That's a good girl."  D3 made a 
gesture, and Kagato tossed Tenchi.  D3 continued.  "Lady Tokimi, 
the reason that you never succeeded was your lack of vision."  D3 
started to glow intensely as he slowly gathered up his own energy 
and Lady Tokimi's powers.  "I'll be merciful."

    Lady Tokimi's face was filled with horror as D3 slowly raised 
his arms.

    Tenchi gritted his teeth as he watched D3 prepare to summon a 
large strike.  'I must stop him!  I will stop him!  But what can I 
do?'  Tenchi felt drained and weak, as a result of Kagato's attack. 
 There was no way that he could possible do anything.  Tenchi 
looked dejectedly at Sasami, who was shaking Ayeka.  He looked at 
Washu who was gasping on the floor next to Ryoko who was 
unconscious.  Tenchi even looked at Tokimi who was trembling in 
fear.

    'I don't care!  I will face him!'  Tenchi got to his feet, and 
even as he stood, he heard a voice in his head, telling him 
something.  As he stood, he felt a change wash over him.  D3 felt a 
disturbance, and he turned to see Tenchi, standing as if he were 
praying.

    "Feeling brave boy?  Very well you will be the first to die!"  
D3 unleashed a blast that burned through the air towards Tenchi.  
Tenchi could mentally feel the energy surge towards him, and 
instinctively he felt his mind manipulate his inner energy.  The 
blast never touched Tenchi.  The Light Hawk Wings protected the 
others, but Kiyone and Mihoshi were knocked unconsious.

    D3 looked in amazement at Tenchi.  'The three bladed sword?  It 
protected him from the blast?'  In front of Tenchi was the Wings of 
the Light Hawk.  "Kagato!"  Kagato launched a blast of negative 
energy at Tenchi.  Nothing happened, as the energy of the Light 
Hawk Wings overwhelmed the negative energy.

    Tenchi, like before, thrust his hands through two of the wings, 
and a metamorphosis transformed him.  Before, he was in his normal 
clothing, but they burned away and were replaced with flowing white 
robes.  Following the voices in his head, Tenchi grabbed the final 
wing, and with a loud roar, it transformed into a long sword.

    Kagato smiled cryptically, and with a flash of light, a black 
sword appeared in his hands.  The blade was so dark that not even 
light reflected off it's surface, the sword so dark that it seemed 
it's very existence was a hole in reality.  "You die today."

    Tenchi gritted his teeth, as he wielded the blade in front of 
him.  For a moment all hanged still, then with a cry both collided 
together.  Tenchi noted with satisfaction that he scored first 
blood.  Kagato looked down to find a jagged cut in his robe.  
However, seeing his own fresh blood drove him into a killing frenzy.


    Tenchi grimaced as he realized that this battle wouldn't be as 
easy as last time.  Tenchi gritted his teeth, as Kagato mercilessly 
pressed his blade hard against Tenchi's.  With a growl, Tenchi 
pushed Kagato away and charged.  Both continued to clash in the 
Grand Hall, with each blow of sword on sword, the sparks 
illuminated the place.

    But Kagato slipped up.  Tenchi charged Kagato, but at the last 
moment, Tenchi twisted his body in such a way that he slid on his 
back past Kagato, and slashed his swords upwards at Kagato.  With a 
gasp, Kagato dropped his sword which vanished as it left his hand, 
and crumbled into dust on the floor.

    D3 gave a cry of rage.  "You have displeased me!  Die!"  With a 
mere gesture, Tenchi felt every muscle in his body lock up, and he 
fell to the ground.  "I'll make sure you suffer boy, you'll be the 
last to die."  D3 laughed evilly as he faced the others.

    Tenchi screamed in frustration as he watched D3 towering over 
Sasami and Washu, who were not quite in the best of positions.  
Facing complete annihilation, both were surprisingly calm.  Washu 
stood up.  "Not quite, D3!"  Washu gestured, and with a flair, she 
changed.

   Tenchi struggled some more, and was amazed to find a Washu, in 
her adult body, garbed in a white robe, unlike his.  Washu smiled 
cryptically.  "I know now, my Fate.  It's too bad I won't get to 
have any fun with Tenchi anymore."  Washu screamed and allowed her 
arms to open wide, sending a giant column of crackling energy 
rushing around D3.

    D3 laughed as he floated comfortably amongst the turbulence.  
"Surely you jest!  You're just tickling me!"  It was D3's turn, and 
a giant wave of energy picked up Washu and threw her across the 
room.  Washu struggled to his feet.  'I forgot!  He now has Lady 
Tokimi's power.'

    Tenchi growled as he saw Sasami and Washu blown backwards.  
Slowly he felt his arm move.

    "Washu, in your absence, you have certainly grown rusty."  
Another blast of energy threw Washu some distance.

    "You forget that Tokimi was even more powerful than you."  
Washu screamed as electricity danced across her body.

    Tenchi got to his knees.

    "And you, Tsunami.  Funny that you should choose such a 
vulnerable body."  D3 gestured, and the ground all around Sasami 
exploded, and she fell backwards.

    Tenchi felt rage fill his mind.  It was just too much, watching 
D3 abusing the girls.  His rage broke the spell that kept him 
paralyzed.  As Tenchi ran to D3, the Wings of the Light Hawk glowed 
furiously in front of him, and grasping two of the Wings, Tenchi 
savagely drove them through D3's back.

    D3 staggered a little, when yet another blade penetrate his 
side.  He looked down at the wound, and looked up to see Washu, 
sweat streaming down her face.  With a gasp, he dissolved.

     Breathing heavily, Tenchi felt his clothing revert back to 
Jurai battle dress (Sorry, nudity is out of the question.)  A grown 
up Washu looked at Tenchi, and with a devious grin and a snap of 
her fingers, Washu was back to normal.  Tenchi looked over the room,
 and he found Tokimi kneeling on the floor, in a dazed state.  
Kiyone and Mihoshi were shaking off the shock from the explosion.  
Sasami was tending Ryoko.

    "Ryoko!"  Tenchi ran up to Ryoko and kneeled right next.  
Somehow, the intensity of the moment had forced Tenchi to forget 
about her.  Ryoko teetered between death and life as her eyes 
fluttered when she heard Tenchi.

    "Tenchi."  Ryoko's voice was barely a whisper.

    "Tenchi, use this.  Give Ryoko back her gems."  Tenchi grabbed 
onto his sword, and concentrating hard, the two gems that were on 
the hilt flashed, and appeared on Ryoko's wrist and forehead.

    "Ryoko."  Tenchi nudged Ryoko's still body.

Epilogue

    Tenchi sighed as he walked to the fields, with his head 
slightly drooped.  'Why me?  Why must I suffer so much?  I'd rather 
battle a 100, no a 1000 Kagato's instead of putting up with this.'

    Noboyuki shrugged his shoulders.  "Father, I feel so sorry for 
Tenchi.  Especially since, well you know.  Ryoko."

    Yosho sighed as he swept clean the stairs to his temple.  "I 
understand what you mean.  It's not everyday that a boy must endure 
such tragedy in his life."

    Tenchi rubbed his eyes as he pulled some carrots out of the 
ground.  "Why must all of them be unreasonable?"  

    "Oh, Tenchi!"  Tenchi sighed as he heard that voice, but deep 
down, he still had to smile.

    "Yes, Ryoko-chan?"  Tenchi stood up, and clapped the dirt off 
his hands.  "You know I'm busy!  Leave me alone."  Tenchi tried to 
be stern, but he failed, miserably.  Shaking off his gloves, Tenchi 
held onto Ryoko's hands, and allowed his fingers to revel in her 
soft warmth.

    "Oh Tenchi, you're embarrassing me!"  Ryoko giggled, as Tenchi 
hugged her.  "I'm so sorry the others didn't treat you so nicely."

    Tenchi sighed.  "Never mind, Ryoko.  They'll get over it."  

* * *

    Ayeka looked grim.  "I knew we shouldn't have saved Ryoko.  She 
is a bad influence on Tenchi."

    Washu nodded.  "If I only knew that Tenchi was in love with 
Ryoko...  Well that's besides the point.  You fully understand the 
plan?"  Ayeka nodded ever so slowly.

    "Now all we need is to convince Sasami to join our efforts, 
then our success is ensured."

    "Not to mention, I think Tokimi would be very willing to help." 
 Both Washu and Ayeka broke into laughter.

T H E     E N D 


Well, I intended this to be the end.  I just couldn't write anymore 
for this story.  I guess better writers by now, with my premise, 
could have churned out a 300 page book.  Well, I am not one of 
those writers.  I believe in the economy of words, shorter is 
better.

Anyhow, enough babbling.  I hope you've enjoyed this story.  I know 
I have enjoyed writing it.  Too bad it's over ;_;  It just makes me 
cry inside.  Just don't ask for a sequel or a prequel for any 
matter.  I'm not in the mood to write another serious Tenchi fic 
for awhile.

Actually, when I come to think about it, this series wasn't so 
serious to begin with... Never mind.

As for the ending, I think it was about time I actually wrote 
characters "in character."

Things to look for in the Future, hopefully.
I'm trying to write a Tenchi + Kiyone.

I'll try to write a new Ranma fanfic soon.  Or at least do some 
work on Alternative Reality or No Title.  Not guaranteed though. 

I'm trying to learn all I can about Evangelion. Anyone with 
episodes 5- 26, fansubbed, feel free to send copies to me ;)  I 
love Evangelion.

Other than that, I'm looking forwards to finals.

Actually, I'm beginning to get the idea that I am the only author 
who doesn't bother to finish his works at all.  I feel guilty.
