[The opening credits appear superimposed over the background of a 
barren, rocky world,  to the tune of "The Thing That Should Not Be" 
(Master of Puppets, Track 3)]

                 DISTANT STAR PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS

              THE CHARACTERS OF TENCHI MUYO! UNIVERSE

                                IN

                      TENCHI MUYO! UNIVERSE
                          FADE TO BLACK

                             CHAPTER 2
                  LEPER MESSIAH (DARKNESS RISING)

                 written by EWEN "SIR RYOGA" CLUNEY

	Yuki materialized in orbit around the little-known border 
world of Sigma Trianis IV, and Kuri and Yuri looked at the vista 
below them. After an infusion of the Mass, along with a number of 
other various refinements, Yuki, the living, crystalline ship, was 
far more powerful by any measure. Her maneuverability (they'd found 
more recently that the ship preferred to think of itself as female) 
was incredible, and the prismatic convergence beam could be made 
with ten times the intensity. Now all they needed was an alternate 
configuration or two and Yuki would easily be the equal to Ryo-
Ohki.
	In the meantime, however, there was a lot of stuff they 
wanted to do. With the Final Exam approaching fast, the twins had 
decided it would be best to simply enjoy themselves and explore a 
bit, and that was exactly their purpose here. Long range sensors 
had picked up some rather unusual PSI-wave activity, and they'd 
decided to investigate. The planet had been visited once by a 
remote probe, launched by the old Kizakan Empire, but had not, as 
far as anyone knew, been visited since. The probe's transmissions 
said that the planet had a breathable atmosphere, but no life forms 
of any sort, owing to there being almost no water on the planet. 
This was an unusual situation to be sure, and they were all the 
more interested for it. And besides, a lot can change in ten 
thousand years.
	The twins had Yuki teleport them to the surface, near the 
PSI-wave source.
	The planet was rocky and barren, lit only dimly by the pale 
disc of Sigma Trianis Prime. A cold wind rose and whipped over the 
landscape, clawing its way among the stones and occasional 
outcroppings, some of whose twisted shapes might've been carved by 
the... appendages of some creature, though if that was indeed the 
case, they'd eroded too much over time to give any indication of 
what they might've once been. And in any case, there was nothing 
special about their composition.
	The two of them continued walking in silence. The signal 
steadily grew nearer. And stronger.

	Soren stood atop the highest rock in the canyon, calling out 
to his worshippers.
	"Soon! Soon, the time of the Dark Ones will be at hand! Soon 
the Fire of Righteousness will cleanse the galaxy! *Only* the 
Righteous will be spared!"
	"YES!" came the reply.
	"Do you give yourselves, wholly and unconditionally, to their 
glory?"
	"YES!"
	"Will you follow me into the Fire of the coming Times?!"
	"YES!"
	He nodded with satisfaction, then raised his arms. "The Great 
One would've been proud!"

	Kuri and Yuri watched the ritual from the edge of a deep 
canyon. The leader looked rather like a Kizakan, only his eyes were 
a light green color, and his ears not quite so pointed. He wore a 
long, dark coat over a simple blue and green outfit.
	"Half-Eyrinian, Half-Kizakan." Yuri said quietly. "Don't see 
too many of those around."
	Kuri nodded. "Eyrinians have some cultural thing against 
interbreeding."
	The followers -- there were some sixty or so -- were of 
virtually every known race, and then some. Yuri scanned the crowd 
with her binoculars, not sure of what she was looking for. "No 
Kotami." she said at last. "Not a single one." They both thought 
about the reasons that might be the case. Either it was simply a 
coincidence -- Kotami did, after all, only account for around 0.2% 
of the population of the Federation -- or the reasons were 
something more sinister. "No Juraians either..."
	The scanner showed that the signal was increasing in 
intensity. They looked and listened.
	"Very well!" he was saying. "Prepare to receive the Gift!" He 
raised his hands high over his head, and black lightning (some sort 
of negative energy) began to crackle between them. It grew in 
intensity, forming a ball, and then lanced out in all directions, 
striking the assembled group, washing over them. They shuddered, 
screamed, howled, thrashed about, and worse, but when it ended, 
they stood with a new resolve. The leader himself radiated 
darkness. He looked upwards, and frowned. 
[BGM: Leper Messiah (Master of Puppets, Track 6)]
	Kuri and Yuri realized at the same time just what he was 
looking at. Them.
	This time his words reverberated, echoing with such intensity 
that the very ground shook. "Destroy the heretics!" he roared.
	No words were necessary at this point. The twins sprang to 
their feet and turned to run.
	A massive Valturis landed in front of them. His eyes, which 
should've been yellow or white on green, were a uniform glossy 
black. He let out a deafening hiss, and dashed at them. Kuri went 
to the left  and Yuri went to the right. As the Valturis spun 
around, the two of them met, joining hands, combining their power 
to produce a single devastating burst of energy.
	The Valturis fell limply to the ground, but three of his 
comrades sprang up in his place.
	"Yuki." the twins said in unison, mentally trying to contact 
her. There was no response. That could only mean that something had 
happened to the ship. That, added to the fact that there was a 
superpowered army of fanatics coming after them, made the situation 
look rather dire.
	The trio advanced on them. The larger of the three, an armor-
plated insectoid of some sort made its four hands into fists, and 
that same black lightning crackled around each.
	The twins turned and ran; words to that effect would've been 
entirely superfluous. They wove in and out of the jagged rocks, in 
the fragile hope of losing the cultists amid the landscape.
	Each tried to think of a course of action. Yuri tried to 
contact Yuki once more, and recieved a faint, pained response. Kuri 
jumped onto a high outcropping, and Yuri followed suit. They each 
fired a quick barrage of energy blasts, striking down some of the 
advancing cultists, before continuing.
	Blasts of that same dark energy began to rain down around 
them. They could feel that Yuki was indeed nearby, and she was 
badly hurt. One of the blasts struck the patch of ground between 
the twins, throwing them flying in opposite directions. As they 
struggled to stand up, a figure -- the leader -- materialized 
before them.
	"I call upon the Power of the Dark Ones," he chanted, "to 
cleanse the Cosmos of these Heretics." a sphere of darkness 
appeared in his outstretched palm; they could feel the buildup of 
dark energy, and its magnitude was incredible. They each put up 
force fields around themselves.
	When he released the sphere, it dropped to the ground, and 
then immediately expanded, enveloping them in darkness. After 
several seconds, it finally ended. Both of the twins were sweating, 
from the effort of maintaining the force fields through all that.
	Seeing that they had survived, he scowled.
	Once more, they ran. After coming over a ridge, they saw 
Yuki; the looked to have been in a space battle, and lost. Burn 
marks covered her hull, and two of the outer spires of her 
snowflake-like shape were simply gone. The damage could be healed, 
but it would take a while. More time than they had.
	They teleported inside of the little ship, and assessed her 
condition. In her mind they could see image of a ship made of 
gleaming black metal. It had fired barrages of energy blasts, and 
these had proved to be far more than she could take. Yuki's 
crystalline matrices were in bad shape, but at least she could 
still fly.
	The ship lifted off the ground, hovering in the air. 
Holomonitors popped up, showing the cultists that now surrounded 
them, and their leader hovering above the crowd.
	Spacefold was not an option; the systemry for that was shot, 
and would take at least a week to regrow. Likewise, the subspace 
inversion drive, which they had kept as a backup to the spacefold 
drive, was inoperable. The convergence beam system, however, was 
partly operational. Its overall effect would be reduced, as its 
awesome power depended partly on nine frequencies of energy coming 
together, of which only six emitters now remained. But it was a 
start, something to work with.
	Yuki shuddered slightly with the effort of staying in the 
air, and suddenly the leader of the cultists appeared before them. 
His eyes swirled with hypnotic black mists, and betrayed hatred 
beyond reason.
	"You." he said evenly.
	"Us?" they replied in unison.
	"You are of the same blood as the one who destroyed the Great 
Dark One. For that offense, you and all your kind must be 
destroyed."
	They began to see what was going on, and the implications 
were not good. If the Kotami they were referring to was Washu, then 
the Great Dark One would have to be...
	He made one hand into a fist. "I, Soren, Prophet of the Dark 
Ones, vow to destroy all of your kind." Soren paused, and looked at 
them. "Soon, the Time of Judgement will be at hand. And only the 
Pure may survive."
	Yuki trilled fearfully.
	Kuri smiled, and Yuri quickly realized why. "There's just one 
thing you should know." she said.
	"And what would that be?"
	"You're standing right on top of the primary element of the 
prismatic convergence beam." she said matter-of-factly. "Yuki, 
brighten his day."
	The ship was momentarily filled with blinding white radiance. 
When it finally ended, Soren was nowhere to be seen.
	"Yuki," Kuri commanded, "get us out of here."
	The ship's crystalline thrusters fired, catapulting it along 
the landscape.

	Soren's aura of shadow had dimmed and finally vanished. He 
stood among his followers, who watched and waited expectantly.
	"We will find them." he said, gritting his teeth. "And we 
will annihiliate them!" He pulled out a black cube, and turned one 
side. The Dark Star began to descend. It was truly a great ship, 
bequeathed to him by the greatest scientist in the universe.
	But he too had been slain, at the hands of that accursed 
woman!

	Yuki was on the other side of the planet, though all that 
could do was buy some time. The enemy ship would likely have its 
transatmospheric and transsolar capabilites intact, giving them an 
even greater advantage than they'd already had in combat.
	"Okay," said Yuri. "We have a coule hours at the most."
	"A couple of minutes at the least." Kuri added. "We need to 
escape, to tell someone about this. The Galaxy Police."
	"And the people at the Academy."
	"And Washu."
	Yuri rested a hand on one of the transparent, hovering 
spheres of Yuki's systems. "The obstruction to that is Yuki's 
damaged state. The obstruction to dealing with that is the 
impending attack of Soren and his cultists."
	Kuri nodded. "We certainly can't deal with them on a ship-to-
ship basis."
	"Hand-to-hand?"
	The looked at each other, then smiled. "Brilliant." they said 
in unison.

	Soren stood on the bridge of the Dark Star. He would *not* 
allow those heretics to escape, least of all after interrupting one 
of his rites.
	"Soren!" called out Makkon, the Eyrinian who was watching the 
sensors. "I've dount their ship; it's immobile in the Eastern Dune 
Sea."
	He nodded. In all likelihood, they were unable to take off, 
owing to the damage they had suffered frim the Dark Star's attacks. 
The Kotami would thus flee the ship, but it would only be a matter 
of time before they could be found. Whether at the hands of the 
Righteous, or simply from the environment, they would not live 
long. "Capture that ship."

	Yuki waited. She was still hurting and afraid. The twins had 
assured her that everything would be all right in the end, but 
right now, with the black ship -- which had hurt her so much before 
-- bearing down, it was hard to be brave.
	Kuri had told her not to resist, and she knew why; they would 
probably destroy her if she did.
	It descended, coming closer and closer. She shuddered, but 
could only wait.
	Finally, a beam of yellow light enveloped her, lifting her up 
into the terrible ship's great maw. After many tense minutes, the 
cargo bay doors slammed shut. All was dark , apart from her own 
inner glow, and silent, save for faint footsteps.
	The footsteps grew closer, and a man appeared in the gloom. 
He had tan skin, black hair, and green eyes. But it wasn't any one 
thing about his appearance. It was the overall effect that made her 
want to run away.
	"So," he said at last. "An... interesting ship." he came 
closer, resting a hand on her hull. "Both a spaceship and a living 
creature." His touch seemed blighted somehow, feeling like some 
kind of violation. "You are a great machine, and an innocent in 
this, and so I will allow you to live. For now."
	Yuki quivered in fear.
	"But you will need to heal, and will only grow stringer for 
it. So sleep now. We've a long journey ahead, and a new world to 
forge when we arrive."

	Kuri and Yuri watched Soren speak to Yuki from their hiding 
place, deep in the recesses of the cavernous cargo bay. Right now 
they couldn't do much, leastways without risking detection.
	"Bastard." Kuri breathed.
	Yuri rolled her eyes, and summoned her dimensional computer, 
which manifested as a holographic keyboard and monitor. She went 
over the ambient data. "Hell of a ship." she said at last.
	He  looked over her shoulder at the display. The energy 
outputs were incredible, and there were a number of parts of the 
ship that were performing continual dimensional manipulations. 
"What kind of ship is this? Who could've created it?"
	"I don't know." Yuri let the computer fade away, and walked 
to the viewport, looking out at the blackness of space and the 
planet below. "But I have a feeling we won't like the answer."
	And so they waited.
[The end credits roll to the tune of "The Call of Ktulu" (Ride the 
Lightning, Track 8)]

---------------------------------------------------------------------
by Ewen "Sir Ryoga" Cluney                   ryoga_hibiki@hotmail.com
Ryoga's Momentos                 http://www.geocities.com/tokyo/6127/
Ryoga's Journeys            http://www.blueneptune.com/~jcluney/ewen/

Not everyone can be a saumrai warrior. Not everyone can live by the
power of the sword. Not everyone can die with honor. I, for example,
make... KAZOOS!
---------------------------------------------------------------------
