[The opening credits appear as white against a black background,  
to the tune of "One" (...And Justice For All, Track 4)]

                 DISTANT STAR PRODUCTIONS PRESENTS

              THE CHARACTERS OF TENCHI MUYO! UNIVERSE

                                 IN

                       TENCHI MUYO! UNIVERSE
                           FADE TO BLACK

                             CHAPTER 1
                        ONE (RESURRECTION)

                 written by EWEN "SIR RYOGA" CLUNEY

[As the song proceeds, the black screen is occasionally interrupted 
with clips of the Operative from Tenchi Muyo! In Love, leading up 
to the final confrontation with Kain at the conclusion of the 
song.]

	At first Kain had recoiled from the barrage of proton fire, 
but a moment later he struck back, a being that knew no fear. The 
Operative had been gripped by the throat, then torn apart.
	After the haze of unimaginable pain, there was only an 
inescapable darkness, devoid of light, sound, or even smell or 
touch. There was only the endless blackness that help him prisoner. 
Was he dead? Was this how the dead ended up, trapped in oblivion, 
left to float there for all eternity?
	Time had lost all meaning. He longed to be aware, to sense 
something, other than the darkness that enshrouded his existence. 
It was as though he no longer had a body, was merely a floating 
consciousness, devoid of identity or shape. All he had was the 
memories that replayed themselves over and over again. The 
destruction, the search, and the battle. All three swirled together 
in a vortex of pain, rage, and regret.
	All that he knew was that Kain had done this to him.

	He awoke into a world of blazing light, far brighter than his 
eyes were meant to handle in the best of conditions. He gasped for 
air, his lungs feeling full of... something, which had to be 
flushed out, painfully, before he could pull in the air. He twisted 
around in pain, and fell, then lay there. A figure loomed over him, 
waves of scarlet cascading around her. He heard a voice, but his 
ears ached, and his brain would not turn the sounds into words. He 
felt himself being lifted up, sprayed with soothing, warm water, 
and then something was being wrapped around him -- clothes, he 
realized. And finally, at last, a visor was put over his face, 
blocking out some of the harsh light that tried to bore into his 
fragile eyes.
	Fragile. That was the word. He felt like he might fall apart 
at any moment. So he just lay there. She stood over him once more. 
He could see her face more clearly now. She smiled slightly. "Don't 
worry. You'll be well enough to complain about your treatment in a 
few hours." she said carefully.
	He knew there was a name that went with that face, that 
voice. He'd heard it before, but right now he couldn't place it. 
"K-- Kain..." he managed, the name coming out as a hoarse whisper.
	"Kain is dead. You almost were too."

	When he came to, he was in a dim room, full of gray equipment 
of some sort. He rested on a slab of metal, unsure of what to make 
of it all. He could feel a dull throbbing pain in his head, and his 
thoughts weren't yet completely coherent. He felt disoriented, not 
knowing where or when he was, much less why. He rubbed his head 
with one hand, then stopped, and looked at the hand, and then his 
other hand.
	Something was wrong.
	One of them was supposed to be artificial, a cyberware 
replacement, with a built-in multi-blaster. He tried to access his 
internal computer, since it would likely have some kind of 
information, but it seemed to be gone. For that matter, his eyes 
were stinging. He hadn't felt like that since before...
	Before he'd gotten them replaced with cybernetic ones.
	"My... implants..." he murmured.
	"Oh! You're awake!" The red-haired Kotami popped up from... 
somewhere. She seemed so familiar, yet he couldn't quite place her. 
"Good. I'm glad to see you're recovering from the regeneration so 
quickly."
	He looked at her. Where had he seen that face? And why 
couldn't he pull up his database? "What happened to all of my 
implants?"
	"Had to remove them -- they would've interfered with the 
regeneration process, and a lot of them were beyond repair anyway." 
Seeing his expression of dismay, she added, "I'm sure the Galaxy 
Police can fix you up again if you really want anyway."
	Galaxy Police. That was it. He was a GP officer -- a 
Lieutenant with the SIU. But the Galaxy Police headquarters had 
been destroyed. By... Kain. He started to say something, but 
stopped himself when he realized -- HQ was not the only part of the 
Galaxy Police. The organization would be in trouble for a while, 
but it would still be around. "Where am I?" he said at last.
	"This is my lab." she said, looking at some readouts. "It's 
attached via a subspace conduit to Earth."
	"Earth? Who are you?"
	She lowered her eyes, grinning, then looked right at him with 
her green eyes. "I am Washu! The greatest scientific genius in the 
universe!"
	That explained a lot. "I'm... Trakal." He tried to stand up, 
and had to lean against the slab to steady himself.
	"Take it easy." she said soothingly. "It'll take a while for 
you to get your strength back. You spent the last six months in a 
regeneration chamber."
	"Kain..." he muttered. "I have to stop Kain!"
	"Kain's dead." she said simply.
	Trakal stopped short, a vile mix of emotions rising up within 
him. He'd wanted -- _needed_ -- to be the one to destroy Kain, to 
avenge his slain comrades from the Galaxy Police. And that hatred, 
he now realized, had led him blindly towards the futile goal of 
doing so single-handedly. He'd been a fool. And now what was left 
to him?
	"Um, Washu?" The voice was feminine, and came from a distant 
corner of the lab. It was a Kizakan woman, around 20 years old.
	"Yeah?"
	Mihoshi stepped closer. "Well, dinner's ready and... Oh! I 
didn't know you had a guest over. Is he a friend of yours?"
	Trakal eyed Mihoshi, not sure of what to make of her. 
Memories surfaced -- she was a Detective First Class of the Galaxy 
Police, granddaughter of the Grand Marshall. "Detective Mihoshi." 
he said evenly.
	She looked back at him blankly with her sky-blue eyes. "Um, 
yes?" She looked at him, a vague expression of recognition coming 
over her face. Surely, she'd recognized him as the "mysterious" 
Operative. "Are you from the Galaxy Police?"
	Or maybe not.
	"Mihoshi," Washu said matter-of-factly, "meet Trakal." She 
then grabbed him by the arm, and started walking. "Come on, join us 
for dinner." She didn't offer. She ordered. Trakal was pulled 
through a door and into a Japanese-style home, where he was made to 
sit down at a table. Before him were Terrans, Juraians, an 
Eyrinian, and a Kotami -- no, it was Ryoko, the space pirate. And 
the crown princesses of Jurai. And Detective Kiyone, Mihoshi's 
partner. An unusual group to be sure.
	"Who's this?" asked Kiyone.
	"You..." said the youngest Terran, a teenaged male. "You're 
the one that Kain..."
	"Killed." Trakal said flatly.
	Ryoko frowned, and rolled her eyes. "What's he doing here?"
	Washu grinned. "He was... killed... by Kain, but I collected 
what was left and put him in a regeneration unit. It took a good 
six months, but he's all right now."
	Trakal frowned. "Speak for yourself. I feel terrible."
	"Wait," said Kiyone. "He was present at the tower? How is 
that possible?"
	Trakal took a deep breath, his lungs still adjusting to the 
air. "I was carried back in time by the energy released when Kain 
escaped the Subspace Network."
	Kiyone's eyes widened. "I recognize you! You're the one they 
call the Operative! The one that Commander Sarnd..."
	Trakal made one hand into a fist. "Sarnd..." he muttered, 
then looked up at her. "He's dead now."
	She took a moment to regain her composure. "Um, actually... 
he's alive. And he was promoted to Grand Marshall."
	Trakal tried to picture the aged Thurnian in a Grand 
Marshall's regalia, and found it difficult. Mihoshi started to get 
teary-eyed, and he realized -- if Sarnd had been made Grand 
Marshall, that had to mean that Mirani Kuramitsu...
	"I bet he'll be surprised to hear that you're alive." said 
Kiyone nervously.
	He nodded. "I know I was." Finally, his thoughts began to 
crystallize, to actually make sense. *This* was the group he'd 
ended up tracking while in the past. The ones who, with the help of 
the genius scientist Washu, had destroyed Kain. There was a long, 
uncomfortable pause.
	"Well," said the youngest Juraian girl -- Sasami -- trying 
desperately to sound cheerful, "Would you like to join us for 
dinner?"
	He paused to think about it. His stomach felt empty in a way 
that made merely being hungry seem inviting. It was as though his 
entire digestive tract had been scrubbed clean. Of course, most of 
it would've been completely replaced in that accursed chamber, 
never used before.
	"He'd be happy to join us." Washu said at last, handing 
Trakal a pair of small wooden sticks. Sasami went into the kitchen, 
and returned with some small dishes, which she placed in front of 
him.
	Trakal looked at the sticks, and then at the food. The others 
held the sticks lightly in their hands, easily using them to pick 
up pieces of food. He tried to hold them as they did, but they 
slipped out of his hands. He frowned, and held one of the sticks in 
the manner of a dagger, using it to impale his food and thereby 
deliver it to his mouth.
	Ryoko stifled a laugh. "And you say *I* have bad table 
manners!"
	"*I* say," Trakal said evenly, not looking up from his food, 
"you're a criminal and an accomplice of Kagato."
	"Man, what's your problem?" Ryoko pointed her sticks at him, 
a piece of fish gripped between them. "Besides, the statute of 
limitations is up on my case file."
	The oldest Terran -- or he might've been Juraian -- cleared 
his throat, raising a cup of tea to his lips before speaking. All 
of the others waited to listen to what he had to say. "Please, 
let's not mince words at the dinner table. He's our guest, after 
all."
	There was an uncomfortable silence, at first broken only by 
the sounds of food being consumed. There was a quiet, plaintive 
meowing sound just behind Trakal. He spun around to see what it 
was. Sitting there, looking directly at him, was a small, fuzzy 
creature. It repeated the sound, and hopped a bit closer. He 
watched, not sure of what to make of it.
	"That's Ryo-Ohki." Sasami ventured. "She's really friendly."
	There was a sort of popping noise, and the created took on 
humanoid form. Trakal waited. In her childlike form, Ryo-Ohki 
regarded him with curiosity, then smiled and began to sing. He 
watched, bewildered, and realized that everyone was looking at him 
again. With her song ended, Ryo-Ohki looked up at him expectantly. 
After a moment, she ventured a step closer, then took his hand.
	For some reason -- he didn't even want to contemplate the 
implications -- his gut reaction was combative. He wrenched his 
hand free. Ryo-Ohki stumbled back, fell over, and began to cry.  
Sasami was quick to comfort her. Trakal ran a hand over his face, 
trying to comprehend his own reaction.
	"Jeez, what's with you?" Ryoko muttered.
	Washu frowned. "I don't think you'd be too sociable either 
after being ripped in half and the subjected to six months of 
sensory deprivation."
	"M-- mean!" Ryo-Ohki cried.
	"I hope you're gonna' apologize." said Sasami disapprovingly.
	After scanning the faces around the room, Trakal quickly 
realized there was no route for escape. He faced Ryo-Ohki, lowering 
his head. "I apologize." he said softly.
	Ryo-Ohki frowned, and turned her head away from him.
	"If that's the way you want it." he muttered, returning to 
his meal.
	Kiyone looked at him thoughtfully. "I expect you'll be 
wanting to get in touch with the Marshall as soon as possible."
	He thought about it, and finally nodded. "Yeah. I'll need to 
use the hypercomm in your ship." He paused, then added, "For 
security reasons."
	When the tense dinner had finally concluded, Trakal and 
Kiyone stood on a hill outside the house; Mihoshi had elected to 
stay back at the house because some cartoon or other was on. A full 
moon shone in the dark sky, and a quiet wind whispered over the 
landscape. Were it not for the fact that Trakal seemed to be 
positively radiating angst, it might've been a rather romantic 
setting.
	Kiyone pulled off her earring, a tiny crimson sphere used to 
summon the ship, and held it between her fingers. "Level with me, 
Lieutenant," she said carefully, "Why were you acting like that, 
what's--?"
	"You have no idea what I've been through!" He shouted. She 
was taken aback by the suddenness of the outburst. He continued, 
more quietly. "You weren't there. You didn't see headquarters and 
everyone in it being consumed by Kain's power."
	"Gods..." she breathed.
	He removed the visor -- it was dark enough now that he didn't 
need it -- and looked her in the eyes. "I've seen hell, Detective. 
There're no demons there, except the ones you bring with you."
	There was a long pause. Finally, Kiyone raised the tiny ball 
towards the heavens. "Yagami!"

	Sarnd had finally started to adjust to the new office, new 
uniform, new title, and new duties. For the senate to make his 
temporary promotion a permanent one was more a formality than 
anything else, and replacements for the council members that had 
been killed by Ix were being elected. Moreover, construction had 
begun of an Eighth Headquarters, though it had been decided that 
any Subspace Prison would be kept in a separate facility, just in 
case.
	The one thing he really missed in his office was Kurata. The 
pudgy suck-up Kizakan Section Chief had a way of making it day a 
tiny bit more bearable, and now he was gone.
	He looked over the schedule for today; it was full, as had 
usually been the case these past few months. He would be meeting 
with the Council, a dozen different Galaxy Police groups, and a few 
others, including a press conference with the news services. He let 
out a long sigh, and leaned back in his chair.
	The one thing that still nagged at the back of his mind was 
Ix. Although the strange being had been utterly obliterated by the 
antimatter reaction, her words echoes in his mind. She had said 
that she was spawned from the same black hole as Kain...
	The intercom rang, and he told it to answer; a holomonitor 
popped up, showing his secretary, an Eyrinian woman in her mid-
twenties. "Sir? There's an incoming hypercomm transmission for you. 
It says it's from a Lieutenant Trakal?"
	Sarnd fell out of his chair.
	"Sir, are you all right?"
	Finally he recovered, and sat down again. "Put it through!" 
The familiar face of the Draalthi, who also had been on his mind a 
lot, appeared on the screen.
	"About time you picked up." Trakal said flatly.
	"Trakal! You-- you're alive?"
	He nodded. "You too."
	Sarnd tried desperately to regain his composure. "And you're 
on.. Earth? I take it you heard about what happened to Kain?"
	Trakal nodded. "I did."
	"Good. We might have another, bigger problem on our hands. I 
want you to come to Kazak; I'll fill you in on the details there. 
Get here as soon as possible; take the Yagami, but leave the patrol 
shuttle behind. And have a report on what you've been up to ready 
by the time you arrive."

	Kiyone waited in the cockpit for him to finish, trying to 
guess at what could be being said in the secure hypercomm suite.
	Trakal. A Draalthi, he joined up at an early age, and, it was 
said, Commander Sarnd took him under his wing. Until now, as far as 
she was concerned, he'd been little more than a myth; the 
mysterious officer who'd faced the greatest dangers the universe 
had to offer and emerged alive. She couldn't help by remark that, 
were it not for Mihoshi, _she_ could've been in the SIU as well.
	Rumors circulated about from time to time, but Kiyone had 
paid them little mind. But now some came to mind. They'd said he'd 
only once had a love, a Draalthi cadet who'd been killed in the 
line of duty. They'd said he was the sole survivor of Patrol 
Fleet's abortive assault on Kagato last year. Some even said that 
he was a part of the fabled "Special Section." And that was long 
before the claims of immortality began.
	He was an enigma; that much was certain. Looking in his eyes, 
though, it was as though the fires through which he had walked had 
burned away part of his soul.
	Trakal stepped into the cockpit, his harsh stare landing upon 
her. "The... Grand Marshall has ordered me to go to Kazak."
	"But how are you--"
	"The Yagami." he said simply. "His instructions were to leave 
you the patrol ship and take the mothership myself."
	Kiyone frowned. She couldn't countermand an order from the 
Grand Marshall, but... "But what it we need interstellar 
capability? What then?"
	Trakal took a seat opposite her, leaning backwards. "You'll 
think of something, or Washu will. It's not like Sarnd would leave 
you stuck out here permanently." He paused, glancing out the 
viewport. "Of course, he might make an exception, on account of 
your partner."
	Kiyone scowled. What was with this guy, copping an attitude 
all of a sudden? She tried to think of something to say. She could 
see three options at this point; try an defend Mihoshi (useless and 
pointless), insult Trakal's reputation (useless or possibly 
dangerous), or simply leave. After debating a fourth option, that 
of socking him in the face, she got up and left.

[The end credits roll to the tune of "Wherever I May Roam" 
(Metallica, Track 5)]

---------------------------------------------------------------------
by Ewen "Sir Ryoga" Cluney                   ryoga_hibiki@hotmail.com
Ryoga's Momentos                 http://www.geocities.com/tokyo/6127/
Ryoga's Journeys            http://www.blueneptune.com/~jcluney/ewen/

Not everyone can be a saumrai warrior. Not everyone can live by the
power of the sword. Not everyone can die with honor. I, for example,
make... KAZOOS!
---------------------------------------------------------------------
