Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo! Or its characters, for they are the 
property of Pioneer and AIC - therefore, do not sue me. Why would anybody want 
to so me anyway? I have nothing anybody would possibly want, ok, sue me and you 
can have my Game Cube. However, just to be on the safe side here is the 
disclaimer.


	In the attic of the old Masaki home, there is a box of old picture albums 
collecting dust. In them contain the memories of the past, to one day remind its 
owners of events long forgotten. Undisturbed for some time, it seems no one will 
ever rediscovered the past, but then the attic light flashes on. With a creak 
the attic hatch opens and Mayuka and Azuka make their way towards the old box. 
After dusting off layer after layer of dust, the two girls open the old box and 
pull out the old picture albums - finally it seems the old albums have a purpose 
again.

Mayuka: (opening an album) Most of these albums are from about ten years ago. 
(Blowing away dust) Daddy took a lot of pictures of Oryko, Sasami and I and he 
almost never missed a photogenic moment.

Azuka: (picking up an album) Sasami? Who is Sasami? (Dusting off the album) 
Oryko never mentioned her in any of his stories.

Mayuka: (flipping through her album) Sasami was an old friend of ours a long 
time ago, we all played together and daddy liked to call us "The Three 
Musketeers." We were always getting into trouble together, but we had fun doing 
it and always watched after each other.

Azuka: (pulling out a picture) I take she and Oryko were close?

Mayuka: (looking over at Azuka) Well it was a small crush, you know, puppy love.

Azuka: (looking at the picture) Puppy love huh? (Showing Mayuka the picture) I 
believe that puppy love grew a little.

Mayuka: Oh don't be jealous Azuka that was years ago and besides, Sasami moved 
away about ten years ago. In fact, let me look at the date on the back of that 
photo. (Looking at the picture) This has yesterday's date on it, so that 
means...

Azuka: Today is the anniversary of her moving away! Well, that would explain 
Oryko's unusually somber mood, I mean, tomorrow is our wedding day and he has 
been sulking around like somebody killed his best friend.

Mayuka: Not killed Azuka, she just went home and that was perhaps the saddest 
day of his life. (Pointing to Oryko and Sasami) Those two were always together; 
from sunrise to sunset those two always had a great time together.

Azuka: (closing the albums) Well, I will make it all up to him tomorrow night. 
(Winking; giggling) He has been so good to me; it is the least I can do to make 
it worth his while.

Mayuka: (looking outside) If I were you, I would be patient with him today 
because he always takes this day to be on his own and meditate.
	
	Meanwhile, somewhere in the woods Oryko is in deep meditation his mind 
empty of all self-conscious thought - only images. These are images from his 
childhood, images that remind him of who he is and who he used to be. On this 
day, no matter what he would return to this spot and let his mind clear. Only 
two other people can see the images, only they know why he makes this a yearly 
ritual, and only they know what he is feeling. In the kitchen, Washu and Ryoko 
are preparing a giant dinner on the eve of the wedding, and occasionally they 
look at each other with concerned glances. As Washu and Ryoko are linked 
telepathically, so too are Ryoko and Oryko, and Ryoko sees everything her son 
sees. As she continues to work in silence, Mayuka and Azuka return to the 
kitchen only to be somewhat confused by the somber mood.

Azuka: Hey, what is going on? Why is everyone so quiet?

Mayuka: Yeah, I mean you all only get this quiet when Oryko is....

Azuka: (puzzled) Is what Mayuka? By the way, where is my groom hiding?

Ryoko: (chopping vegetables) On this day, for some reason or another, Oryko 
comes home from school and meditates. No one is to disturb him, no one knows 
when he will return, and no one knows what he is meditating about.

Azuka: Meditating? I'm not sure I understand clearly, and what do you mean no 
one knows? Don't you two have the ability to read his mind and vice versa?

Ryoko: (turning towards Azuka) It is not that simple dear, Oryko has the same 
ability that we have to block each other's minds out. At any time he close his 
mind and keep his thoughts private, however, it take a lot of focus and energy 
to do so. When he meditates, he is completely focused and we just let him be.

Azuka: (worried) Well, how long does this meditation last? Will he be back 
before the wedding tomorrow?

Washu: Hard to tell Azuka, I mean these sessions have sometimes lasted a whole 
week before he came home. However, Oryko is still completely aware of his 
surroundings and he will be home in time for the wedding tomorrow, so please 
don't worry about it.

Azuka: (angry) I just wish he would tell me these things! I have always known 
there was something bothering him but he would never tell me. If we are going to 
spend the rest of our lives together, I want to know he can trust me with his 
secrets.

	Deep within the forest Oryko is in complete meditation, his mind almost 
oblivious to the world around him. Inside the conscious mind, he is reviewing 
scenes from his childhood, almost as if they were slides in a presentation. Each 
thought passes his through his mind frozen in time, some are pleasant and some 
are saddening. Every year he comes to this particular spot just to relax and 
clear his mind, to gain clarity and put his mind at ease, especially since 
tomorrow is his wedding day. However, from the moment he started the meditation, 
he knew something was not quite right. As he was reaching the peak of the 
process a strange light appeared and being appeared from it. At first, he was 
not sure whom or what it is was, but then it became crystal clear to him.

Oryko: (confused) Great-grandfather, is that you?

Yosho: Yes and no my child, for I have come to deliver an important message.

Oryko: What is it grandpa, what is the matter?

Yosho: Oryko, you must listen carefully for these are the words that have been 
passed to me by my ancestors and now I pass them on to you. The tenth ancestor 
of the founder must become the knight, and he must lead Jurai against the 
betrayal.

Oryko: (puzzled) Tenth ancestor? The knight? He must lead Jurai against the 
betrayal? What in the hell are you talking about Great-grandfather?

Yosho: I can explain nothing for I am only the messenger, however, if it is 
answers you seek then I shall bring her to you.

Oryko: (watching Yosho fade) Wait! Grandpa, who are you bringing? Great-
grandfather!

"Do not worry, you shall no more in time."

	Before Oryko, the image of a beautiful young woman appeared. She had long, 
shining blue hair, pink eyes, and a long, flowing robe. To him she kind of 
reminded him of his old friend, Sasami, but this person was too old to be 
Sasami. Slowly, the mysterious maiden approached him and looked deep into his 
eyes. They penetrated as if to peer into his soul, but he was not afraid. Then 
she spoke to him again.

?????: You must not get married now because you must first fulfill your destiny.

Oryko: Destiny? Wait a minuet! Just who are you anyway and who are you to tell 
me whether I should get married or not?

Tsunami: My name is Tsunami and I have come to warn you of your immediate 
future. The next year will be the most enduring and people will get hurt around 
you. If you marry her now, she will only get hurt and it may be too much for you 
to bear.

Oryko: What are you talking about? I don't have any enemies and I am capable of 
protecting my wife thank you.

Tsunami: Your first ordeal is the overconfidence you have in your rustic 
fighting abilities. Right now, you are no match for what lies ahead, and she 
will be a casualty. You must fulfill your destiny and become the knight.

Oryko: Oh, and what is this about "the knight?" Then there is this destiny part 
I do not quite comprehend.

Tsunami: I do not have the time or the energy to explain it to you; you must go 
to Jurai and find out yourself.

Oryko: I think you are just trying to scare me away from my date with my true 
destiny. As far as Jurai is concerned, I will never go there and even if I did 
the king would have my head. My destiny is tomorrow and is with the girl I chose 
as my bride.

Tsunami: (fading) Oryko, please do not ignore this warning or you will pay 
dearly, you must not try to change your fate or the results shall be 
catastrophic. I only hope that you do not love her as much as you say you do or 
you may never recover from the loss.

	Oryko awakes from his meditation in cold sweat, his eyes bugging out and 
his body weak from hunger. He starts to ask himself questions: was that real? 
Who was that mysterious girl? And what about that warning? Then he snaps back to 
reality when he realizes that is noon and he can hear his future wife screaming 
his name miles away. Quickly, he rushes back to the house and prepares for his 
wedding, but still the eerie feeling never quite leaves him.

To be continued...


