Aaron Manuel
Tenchi Muyo! Generations: Earth Chapter, Episode 1 - "Homecomming"
Earth Saga
Regular Fiction
Oryko returns home and has a few surprises

Note from the author: This my fan fiction, and like its namesake, it moves 
through various generations of Masakis and chapters. This is the first chapter 
of an 8-chapter saga, called the Earth Chapter. Each chapter is about 8-10 
episodes long except for the final chapter which is very short (about 3 
episodes). The main focus of this fan fiction is not really Tenchi, but Tenchi's 
son Oryko. However, in the end all of the generations Masakis, from Yosho all 
the way up to Oryko's own son get in the act. Well, here is the beginning of 
what I hope will be great series.

As the train pulled in to the station, a young college graduate stepped
off the train and looked around at his surroundings. He could recognized
every blade of grass, every house, the high school from which he graduated from 
in 
the distance, and the winding road. "Hey, Oryko! Are you going to move that 
cute butt of yours or what?" The young, dark-haired man is Oryko Masaki, the 
son of Tenchi Masaki.
>
Oryko: (laughing) I am sorry, but it is just that it has been years since I 
have been here.

"I have no objections, I like looking at your butt hahaha."
>
The young, red-headed girl stepping off the bus is Oryko's girlfriend, Azuka 
Hiroshi. A firey young woman, she has been dating Oryko all through college. 
A tall, emerald-eyed beauty with a sharp mind and tongue to match.
>
Azuka: So this is where you live? Quaint, little town - it's no wonder you 
got bored.

Oryko: (looking back, smiling) Well, with a family like mine we were never 
bored.

Azuka laughed at her boyfriend, however, after hearing all his stories, she 
feare the worst. After all, if his mother was all he claimed her to be, then 
this visit might be a mistake.

As the couple walked down the road, the crisp autumn leaves fall from the 
trees. The gentle September breeze blowing through their hair brings them 
closer together, and continue to walk down the street bundled up together. 
In the distance, Oryko spotted the familiar walkway, and when he looked, he 
could see the familiar house in the mountains.

Azuka: Is that it? That house on the foot of that mountain, that is yours 
right?

Oryko: (warmly) Yes, and that smaller place further up is the Masaki Shrine. 
I come from a long line of priests, and that is their shrine. (Looking back 
at Azuka) What is wrong?

Azuka: (shocked) Is it that obvious? (laughing then serious) Do you think 
your parents will like me Oryko? I just have my doubts that this will go 
well.

Oryko: Well, we have sent my parents a Christmas card every year. My dad 
would always write me back and tell me how beautiful you are.

Azuka: What about your mother? What did she say?

Oryko: (nervously) Well.....my mother thinks your just fine hehe.

Azuka: (stopping) Oryko! She hates me doesn't she?

Oryko: (holding Azuka's hands) She has yet to meet you and vice versa. Even 
if she does not like you, I am not going to change my mind, I love you.

Azuka: (kissing Oryko) Alright, I will give it my best shot. Is she a  nice 
person at least?

Oryko: (walking again) Do not worry about my mother. Everything will be 
okay.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Ding-dong!

"Mayuka, will you answer the door?"

     Running to the door is the Tenchi Masaki's first born Mayuka. Mayuka 
came home after to years of college in order to fill the gap left behind by 
Oryko. With a happy grin on her face she opens the door, then quickly shuts 
the door, shocked at the sight of who was on the other side.

"Mayuka, who was it?"

Mayuka: Not sure, I was so surprised that I closed the door before I could 
get a good look at them.

     Walking into the living room is a middle-aged Tenchi Masaki. Though he 
is not nearly the pervert Noboyuki was at his age, Tenchi looks remarkably 
like Noboyuki. He carries with him his father's look and his grandfather's 
wisdom. As Tenchi opened the door, a huge smile spreads very quickly across 
his face.

Tenchi: Oryko! Wellcome home my son! It has been a long time since you have been 
hoome! (looking at Azuka) And who is this beautiful young lady?

Oryko: (Azuka bowing) Dad, this is my girfriend Azuka. She wanted to come 
home with me and meet the family.

Tenchi: Ah, so you are the girl my son has told me so much about. (looking 
closely at Azuka) You know, Oryko, she looks almost like your grandmother.

Oryko: Hey, that reminds me, where is mom and grandma anyway?

Tenchi: They went into town to buy groceries, but they will be back soon. 
(looking at Azuka) Well what are you waiting for young lady? Please come in, 
after all, any woman who can drive this knucklehead to the success he 
achieved is wellcomed in my home anytime.

Azuka: (smiling) Thank you Mr. Masaki. (smirking at Oryko) However, all 
Oryko really needed was for someone to guide him the right direction, 
afterwards, it was all him. I guess that is why I fell for him - his 
intelligence.

"Tenchi, son, could you give me a hand with these bags? An old woman like me 
cannot do all the work."

Tenchi: There is your grandmother now, she will be very happy to see you. 
(going to the back door) Coming, hold on.

"What is it Tenchi? What is so important that it cannot wait?!"

     Walking through the door is the ever youthful Washu. After years of 
using her child-like form, Washu is now in her adult form. Though she no 
longer conducts experiments on Tenchi, she still pesters him as his 
mother-in-law. Her eyes light up as she gazes upon her grandson for the 
first time in years.

Washu: (in child-like tone) Oryko! Oh my little guinea pig has returned! 
(hugs him) Have you made your decision?

Oryko: Yes, I am going to stay here on the Earth grandma. I rejected the 
offer from the academy.

Washu: What?! That's an opportunity of a lifetime, and you passed it up?! 
You have the capasity to become the number 2 scientific genius in the 
universe, second only to me of course!

Oryko: There is just no reason for me to leave, and all the more reason to 
stay.

Washu: Huh? (looking at Azuka) Who is this Oryko?

Oryko: (Azuka bowing) This is my girlfriend Azuka, she wanted to meet the family 
grandma.

Washu: (looking Azuka over) Well, you could have done worse. (looking back 
at Oryko) Have you even mentioned her to your mother yet Oryko? (Oryko 
blushing and looking down) I thought so, Oryko you what she is going to say!

Oryko: (blushing deeply) I know grandma, but....

Washu: (interupting) But what?

Oryko: I do not care what mom says....

"Oh you do not care do you?"

Oryko: Mom! Where did you come from?!

     Standing in the door way is Oryko's mother, Ryoko. As the ex-space 
pirate smirks at her only son, she quickly drops her groceries and runs 
towards Oryko. She hugs him tight and breaks out tears.

Ryoko: (sobbing) Oh, my baby! I have missed you so much! It is so good to 
see you! Why have you not called me? Why do you make your mom worry so 
much?! (stopped sobbing; looking at Azuka) Excuse me, but who are you? Are 
you a friend of my son?

Oryko: (Ryoko loosening her grip; Oryko cetching his breath) You could say 
that mom.

Azuka (bowing) It is an honor to meet you Mrs. Masaki, my name is Azuka 
Hiroshi, and yes I am a friend of your son except I am his...

Ryoko: (looking confused) His what? (looking back at Oryko) Your what? 
(Oryko blushing; looking back at Azuka) No, you mean to say that you and he? 
(looking back at Oryko; screaming) No!!! Please tell me this is all a prank! 
Oryko, why did you not tell me that you had a girlfriend?! Besides, she is 
definately wrong for you! What you need is a nice, sweet girl to settle 
with. (giving Azuka a dirty look) You definately do not need this.

     Azuka runs out of the house crying, Oryko's temper is flaring, refusing 
to look up at his mother. Meanwhile, Washu can feel the hostility growing 
within her grandson and leaves the room. Tenchi heads over to Ryoko to quiet 
her down.

Tenchi: (nervously) Now Ryoko dear, that was a little much. Sure the boy 
should have told you he had a girlfriend, but he was afraid this would 
happen.

Ryoko: (snapping at Tenchi) Enough! You cannot defend him Tenchi, he has 
totally shown me disrespect by not telling me about...that!

Oryko: (looking up; his eyes shooting daggers at Ryoko) That is enough mom! 
You did this to me all through high school, and now that I have found the 
perfect girl, you do this to her! (walking out the door) Well, you will just 
have to deal with it because I love her mom and there's nothing you can do 
about it!

    While Ryoko is being restrained by Tenchi and Mayuka, Oryko runs 
out the door to cetch Azuka.

Oryko: (running) Azuka wait! Stope please! I want to talk to you!

Azuka: (crying) I knew this would happen! Why did you not tell your mom 
about us? Are you embarassed of me?

Oryko: (cetching her arm; turning her around) I am very sorry! This is all 
my fault! I was just afraid that my mom would reject you, and I wanted to 
protect you. I failed and I am sorry! (drying her tears)It does not matter 
though, I love you and will not let you go without a fight! (Azuka smiling) 
Just give her time, she will see the same thing I see.

Azuka: (blushing) You always could say the right things.

     From the window inside the house, Tenchi could see the two young lovers 
kiss beneath the moonlight, reminding him of night's past. He knows that 
Oryko will fight his own mother for that girl, and the next few days will be 
tense.

To be continued....


