Aaron Manuel
Tenchi Muyo! Generations: Earth Chapter, Episode 3 - "Return To the Night Before 
the Carnival"
Earth Saga
The gang takes a trip to the inn before the start of the Carnival.

Disclaimer: I do not own "Tenchi Muyo!" or its characters for they are the 
property of AIC and Pioneer; therefore, please do not sue me.

	The van pulls up in front of the old inn deep within the mountains - the 
usual vacation spot for the Masakis for ages. As the large group exits the 
vehicle, Oryko and Tenchi head to the back of the van to unload the mountainous 
pile of luggage while the ladies take a moment to stretch their legs. An old 
woman slowly walks out of the inn and smiles warmly at her latest arrivals. She 
has known the Masaki family for many years, all the way to the time Achika, 
Tenchi's mother, was still a young woman. With same eyes she watched Tenchi grow 
up to be a strong, capable young man - always somehow getting himself in some 
sort of trouble. Then she looks upon the younger Masaki, and smiles at the 
thought of watching this young man grow up as well. Without any further 
hesitation, the old woman approaches the group to welcome her guests.

Innkeeper: (warmly) Welcome back to my inn Tenchi, it is great to see you again. 
(Looking around) I see you brought a bigger party with you this year. (To Oryko) 
It is certainly nice to see you again young man! Where have you been the past 
few years?

Oryko: (kisses Azuka) I have been away at college, and decided to come back for 
the summer ma'am.

Innkeeper: (looking at Azuka) And who might this lovely, young lady be, Oryko?

Azuka: Hello, my name is Azuka and it is a pleasure to meet you.

Innkeeper: (smiling, to Oryko) Well, she is not much on manners but she seems to 
be sweet enough my boy; therefore, she is definitely welcome here at my inn.

	The crowd enters the inn, and immediately, everybody begins to relax and 
release the stress of the previous forty-eight hours. Quickly, Tenchi and Oryko 
head to the men's bath and start to relax in the steaming water. Tenchi is calm, 
but soon notices that Oryko appears somewhat nervous and decides to confront his 
son.

Tenchi: (puzzled) Is there something wrong my son? You look a little nervous, 
and if I recall, the whole purpose of this trip was to relax.

Oryko: (nervously) Dad, I am not sure how to tell you this, but I have been 
giving this a lot of thought now and, uh...(reaches for a slip of paper) well 
maybe this will be able to say it for me.

	Tenchi analyzes the piece of paper carefully and goes into complete shock, 
his eyes bugging-out at just the very idea of what his young son was proposing. 
Tenchi went back and looked at the piece of paper again and again, trying his 
hardest to comprehend what was happening. Slowly, his still wide, Tenchi turns 
back to his blushing son.

Tenchi: (Shocked) I-is this what I think this Oryko?

Oryko: (blushing) Y-yes sir, I did not want to say anything with the girls 
around, but I wanted you to be the first to know.

Tenchi: So I take it your mom does not know about this yet, then?

Oryko: (shaking his head) Not yet, and besides you and I both know what her 
reaction would be - she would go absolutely insane!

Tenchi: (looking back at the piece of paper) I cannot believe this, are you sure 
Oryko, are you absolutely certain this is happening?

Oryko: Yes sir, and that is why I need to leave for Tokyo tonight.

Tenchi: (puzzled) Tonight? Why tonight?

Oryko: Because I want to do it the night of the carnival at the bridge.

Tenchi: I see, very well. (Concerned) What I am going to tell Azuka when she 
realizes that you are gone? Even worse, what am I going to tell you mother when 
she realizes that you are gone!

Oryko: (relaxing) Well, I plan on telling Azuka that I am going back Tokyo 
tonight and that I will be back tomorrow night - no more, no less. As for mom, 
you can tell her the same if she asks, but try and keep this as confidential - 
Azuka must not know, no matter what the cost! Promise?

Tenchi: You have my word, the truth shall not leave these lips, just make sure 
you do not keep me waiting too long ok?

Oryko: Yes sir, I will be back as soon as I can.

Tenchi: When do you plan on leaving?

Oryko: Right after dinner, so for now, lets just enjoy this time to relax ok?

	Dinner arrives and the gang sits down to eat a delicious meal, the crowd 
stops to see the young couple arrive hand in hand and sit down together at the 
table. Ryoko stares disapprovingly at the couple while the old innkeeper smiles 
brightly. The staring continues as the two feed each other, laughing and 
enjoying their meal a little more than anyone would have cared for. Even Azuka 
was a little taken aback by her boyfriend's display of affection. To Tenchi, 
this was a romantic reminder of what life with Ryoko used to be like before 
Oryko was born. For some reason, Ryoko always seemed extremely cautious when it 
came to her, as if he would be the only son they would ever had. Until he came 
home, Ryoko always seemed worried and angry constantly and stopped all forms of 
intimacy. For Tenchi, the past few years were nothing more than boring and 
hopefully watching this young couple in love would maybe turn Ryoko around. He 
could remember the Ryoko that constantly flirted with him a
 nd always tried to get him in bed. Now as he gazes at the cold face of his 
still beautiful wife, and only sees a shell of the woman he used to know. 
Carefully, Tenchi decides to break the ice, and hopefully, his wife's building 
tension by feeding her suddenly. A shocked Ryoko continues to eat as she is 
absolutely stunned by the spontaneity of her husband. Mayuka can only look 
around the room in jealousy as the two couples engage in this public display of 
romance. Envious, Mayuka decides to stop the romance that filled the room.

Mayuka: (jealous) I think we all are capable of feeding ourselves here, and how 
about we start a conversation. Oryko, how did you do on your physics thesis? (No 
response) Oryko, are you listening to me? (Still no response, throws carrot at 
him) Hey! Are you listening to me you idiot? (Looking at Ryoko and Tenchi) 
Mommy, daddy will tell Oryko to stop flirting with his girlfriend for five 
seconds and stop ignoring me? (No response) Not you too! What is this the 
romance table?  (Gets up from the table) Humph! I guess I will take my dinner 
elsewhere!

Oryko: (chewing, laughing) Mayuka, what were you saying?

Dinner ends and the two couples get up from the table while Washu continues her 
conversation with the innkeeper. As the two couples reach the inn's entrance, 
Oryko smiles to finally see a smile once again his mother's face.

Tenchi: So what will you two do with the rest of the evening?

Oryko: (holding Azuka close) I was thinking of showing her the bridge, it is the 
special night you know.

Tenchi: That's right! I almost completely forgot! That place has powerful and 
strange romantic power that I still cannot figure out. (Looks back at Ryoko) 
Well, honey, do you want to take a little moonlit stroll?

Ryoko: (with hungry eyes) You are not going anywhere Tenchi, except with me! It 
has definitely been too long between our late nights, so lets leave the kids 
alone while I show you I still got it.

Tenchi: (reluctantly) Now Ryoko, we still have tomorrow night and besides this 
night is supposed to be romantic and...

Ryoko: (dragging Tenchi) I am not waiting another night, you are mine!

Tenchi: Good night kids, we will see you tomorrow. (To Ryoko) Ouch, ouch! Let go 
of my hair Ryoko, you do not have to play rough...

The two young lovers walk outside and gaze out at the beauty of their 
surroundings, the beautiful flowers in full bloom picked by Oryko to rest in his 
love's hair. The beauty of the river as the moonlight reflects upon it, a 
sparkle illuminates on the water that gives the river tremendous appeal.

Finally, Oryko and Azuka arrive at the bridge and gaze up at the moon shining 
between the mountains and gaze upon it.

Azuka: It is so beautiful and so romantic, but what did your dad mean back 
there, about this bridge having romantic powers?

Oryko: (still staring at the moon) It is a legend passed by the old innkeeper 
long ago, the tale, really, of how she met her late husband. A long time ago, 
this was just open field, but the bridge still existed, and on that she and her 
late husband passed by each other on the bridge and stopped all of a sudden. 
They were total strangers, and had never said a word to each other before, but 
when they gazed into each other's eyes they knew they were in love. Soon, they 
married and built an inn by the site of the bridge so they would never forget 
it. Now, this inn has become a great vacation site for lovers to meet for the 
first time or to rekindle their love. When the innkeeper met her late husband it 
was on this night before the carnival, the next night, they married at the 
carnival.

Azuka: (laughing) Wasn't that a little sudden - to go from perfect strangers one 
night, to husband and wife the next?

Oryko: (still gazing at the moon) When you are in love, time has no meaning - 
time may affect you physically, but not emotionally. (Gazing at Azuka lovingly) 
When you are in love, a minuet seems like days, hours seem like weeks, and days 
are a lifetime, and between you and me, I have all the time in the world.

Azuka: (blushing, hugging Oryko tightly) I love you! I love you so much! I do 
not know how I could ever live without you!

	The two lovers kiss in the moonlight, and to Oryko, the kiss seemed to 
last for ages and he never wanted to leave her side. However, as he realized the 
time, Oryko reluctantly knew he had to break the kiss and leave her here.

Oryko: (smiling warmly) Azuka, I have to make an emergency trip to Tokyo 
tonight.

Azuka: (confused) Why do you have to go to Tokyo? (With urgency) Why do you have 
to go tonight? Why cannot it wait until after tomorrow?

Oryko: (starting to walk away) I have important business that cannot wait until 
after tomorrow, my train leaves in a hour. I swear, I will take care of this 
matter, and then I shall catch the first train back.

Azuka: (clutching his arm) No! Please stay with me tonight! I do not want to be 
alone!

Oryko: (kissing her hand, letting her go) Look, I give you my word that I will 
be back and you can trust me. I do not want to leave you either, but I must take 
care of this quickly, otherwise the timing will be thrown completely off.

Azuka: (sulking, turning away) Damn it Oryko! Well, if you say it is important, 
then go! However, you have better make sure you come back, otherwise...(looking 
around) where did he go?

	The train pulls away from the station as Oryko continues to stare at the 
piece of paper, smiling all the while. He continues to think about tonight, but 
blushes at the thought at what will happen tomorrow night.

To be continued...
