Aaron Manuel
Tenchi Muyo! Generations: Earth Chapter, Episode 4 - "Diamond Carnival"
Earth Saga
Oryko comes back from Tokyo with a huge surprise.

Disclaimer: I do not own "Tenchi Muyo!" or its characters, for they belong to 
Pioneer and AIC; therefore, do not sue me.

	 The sun is barely peeking over the Tokyo skyline as the train pulls up to 
the station; Oryko quickly heads out into the city to achieve his task and then 
head back to the inn in time for the carnival. He enters the dorm of the college 
he just graduated from and makes a beeline for his destination. Meanwhile, the 
sun is just rising over the inn as well and its inhabitants are extremely tired 
after last night. While the others walk out and slump to breakfast, a refreshed 
Tenchi and Ryoko show up all smiles and kissing as they receive glares from the 
tired majority.

Washu: (yawning) I know you two ended a long drought last night, but there was 
no need for a downpour you know.

Mayuka: (yawning loudly) Yeah, and if I remember this trip was supposed to help 
us ALL to relax - not just so my parents could start having sex again.

Innkeeper: Now ladies, please remember that both Tenchi and Ryoko needed last 
night's little marathon to jump-start their marriage. (Yawning) Then again, I 
could have done without the commentary that could have been heard by a deaf man!

Tenchi: (kisses Ryoko, laughing) Sorry ladies, I guess we got so carried away we 
lost all self-control. I promise we will keep the noise down tonight.

Ryoko: (laughing, smirking at Tenchi) Speak for yourself, tonight is even going 
to be wilder than last night. (Winks, Tenchi blushes) I am going to leave you 
breathless tonight, I promise.

	Later, the women with exception of the innkeeper meet up in the bath. 
Azuka shows great concern for the curiously quick departure of her boyfriend as 
she becomes increasingly worried. While the others smile and talk casually, she 
is alone and depressed.


Mayuka: (walking over to Azuka) Hey Azuka! Want to hear some funny stories about 
Oryko when he was younger? (Concerned) Are you all right Azuka? You did not even 
come down for breakfast and you look depressed.

Azuka: What kind of business do you suppose would cause Oryko to just leave so 
suddenly? I begged him to stay with me, but he insisted that what he had to do 
was more important.

Washu: Well, I have not had much luck trying to pry into his thoughts. How about 
you little Ryoko?

Ryoko: No luck at all, he has completely shut us out of his mind. (Sips sake) I 
am sure whatever it is that had him disappear so suddenly is of the utmost 
importance not tell even his mother. (Takes another sip) Somehow, I think his 
father knows what really is going on, but he will not say a word. I did 
everything I could last night to make him talk but the only thing he could keep 
on screaming was my name.

Mayuka: Yes, we know mom - we heard you both several times during the course of 
the night.

Azuka: (confused) You think Mr. Masaki knows the truth about Oryko's trip to 
Tokyo?

Washu: Didn't Oryko tell you?

Azuka: About what?

Mayuka: Oryko trusts his most important secrets with daddy because he does not 
trust us. Mom and grandma are constantly trying to read his mind and he knows 
better than to trust me with his secrets so he tells daddy.

Azuka: But he knows he can tell me anything, why on earth could not tell me?

Washu: My only logical guess is that you are part of the equation Azuka. You may 
not even know it, but you must factor into this elaborate scheme somehow. (Sips 
sake) The question is this: just how do you figure into this and what is it 
exactly he went to Tokyo for?

Ryoko: (pulls out another bottle of sake) Well, there is no point in speculating 
why he went or how Azuka figures into all of this, we will just have to wait 
until he gets back from Tokyo. When he does, I am certain he will tell us then 
so lets just relax now and ask questions later.

	Meanwhile, back at the dorm room in Tokyo, Oryko sits down and talks to 
somebody and tries to make deal. The meeting is very discrete and Oryko makes 
certain that nobody is around before he moves forward with the deal. Quietly, 
Oryko pushes forward in the hopes of ending their meeting quickly so that he may 
return to the inn as quickly as possible.

Oryko: (quietly) Now, have you brought me what I asked for? I have been waiting 
for months now and you have been late on your promise by two months already.

Dealer: (reveals merchandise) Sorry to make you wait this long, but quality 
merchandise like this takes time to make, after all, this is extremely expensive 
and there are only four of these made every month and they sell usually for 
about 550 million yen, but for you I will settle for only a mere 600,000 
thousand.

Oryko: 600,000 yen? You specifically told me that you were going to charge me 
400,000 thousand yen! So what is with this price hike all of a sudden?

Dealer: Hey! I went through a lot to get you this great deal and I need the 
extra money to pay off my connections, now do you have the money or not? Do not 
get cheap on me Oryko; I would hate to see such a beautiful piece of merchandise 
not put to good use.

Oryko: (pulls out briefcase) I had a feeling you were going to do this to me, 
that's why I pulled out 1,000,000 in the first place. (Exchanges the money for 
the merchandise) It should be all there, every last yen.

Dealer: (counting) Yes, all of it is here and everything went smoothly today. By 
the way, just how did you wind up with so much yen anyway?

Oryko: Well, my parents gave me the money to buy a car someday, and I was going 
to at first; however, now it seems I have found a much better purpose for it. 
Thank you so much, you have no idea how happy you have made me today.

	After the deal is made and the trade executed, Oryko rushes quickly to his 
phone and calls the inn. Without any hesitation, the innkeeper rushes off to 
find Tenchi to get him to the phone. Though she caught him in the middle of a 
bath, he quickly dresses and heads to the lobby to take the important phone 
call.

Tenchi: Hello, Oryko! How did it go? 

Oryko: Smoothly -  I have what I came for and I am on my way back to the inn.

Tenchi: Very good! I am sure that this will be evening we will never forget, I 
am so thrilled but as I thought about it last night, I had question. (Concerned) 
Did you happened to make a phone to the other group?

Oryko: Do not worry dad, I had their say months ago and I have been planning 
this for months. I have to admit the trip to the inn was somewhat bad timing, 
but it could not be helped. (Looking at his watch) Hey dad, I am going to let 
you go now I need to leave Tokyo now if I ever expect to be back by tonight.

Tenchi: Alright son, but please do not be long, your mother and grandma have 
been hounding me all day long and the worried look on Azuka's face is almost too 
much to bear.

Oryko: Yes sir, I will be home as soon as I can just hold on a few hours more.

	Hidden from view, Azuka hears the conversation in its entirity, and 
without wasted motion she leaps from her hiding spot and jumps Tenchi from 
behind.he can see the tears building as she shoots him a painful look. He can 
barely stand looking at her, for he knows he cannot tell her the important 
secret Oryko has trusted with him.

Azuka: (sobbing) Alright Mr. Masaki, I know you know something about this whole 
situation don't you? That was Oryko on the phone was it not? Please, I cannot 
take it anymore, tell me what in the hell is going!

Tenchi: Now Azuka, I gave Oryko my word and I am not going to betray his trust!

Azuka: (crying uncontrollably) Please Mr. Masaki you have to tell me! I just 
cannot take waiting for something to happen! I am so worried about him! 
Furthermore, I know you know what is going on and want you tell me please!

Tenchi: Now Azuka, you know good things come to those who wait, and you will 
just have to wait until he gets back from Tokyo. (Getting up, walking away) I am 
not going to betray him! (Turning around) I will tell you this - he is not doing 
anything wrong or illegal so you can relax and chill out.

	As the moon rose over the mountains, Azuka waited for her boyfriend 
patiently at the bridge hoping he would make it back soon. She glanced at her 
watch to see 7:51 from the elegant watch Oryko gave her for their last 
anniversary. Time slowly passed and the growling of her stomache reminded her 
that dinnerhad come and gone. She glanced at her watch to find it was now 10:16. 
Later, she could see the lights in the inn blackout one at a time and the odd 
but familiar moaning coming from the Masaki's room. She tiredly glanced at her 
watch one more time to find it was now 1:42 in the morning. Now she was tired, 
hungry and somewhat disappointed, disappointed that he failed to show. Sadly, 
Azuka turned around and was about to walk away when she heard footsteps begin to 
appoach the bridge.

	As the moon rose over the mountains, Azuka waited for her boyfriend 
patiently at the bridge hoping he would make it back soon. She glanced at her 
watch to see 7:51 from the elegant watch Oryko gave her for their last 
anniversary. Time slowly passed and the growling of her stomache reminded her 
that dinnerhad come and gone. She glanced at her watch to find it was now 10:16. 
Later, she could see the lights in the inn blackout one at a time and the odd 
but familiar moaning coming from the Masaki's room. She tiredly glanced at her 
watch one more time to find it was now 1:42 in the morning. Now she was tired, 
hungry and somewhat disappointed, disappointed that he failed to show. Sadly, 
Azuka turned around and was about to walk away when she heard footsteps begin to 
appoach the bridge.

Oryko: I had a feeling you would be here waiting for me. So did you miss me?

Azuka: (hugging Oryko urgently) Of course I did! I am so glad you make it back! 
(hitting him) You bastard! How could you just leave me to worry for you for so 
long! Why in the hell could you not tell me just what it was you left for, huh?

Oryko: Ouch! Because I wanted it to be a surprise!

Azuka: (confused) A surprise? What surprise? I am not sure I understand what you 
mean by that?

Oryko: (kneeling) Azuka you and I have known eachother for a long time now. I 
can remember the first time I ever set foot in Tokyo, I was lost and the map was 
not much help. Then I ran into someone who was just as lost as was, and to 
improve the situation she was also a student from my school who was also very 
new to the city. You and I became friends right from the start, we always had 
fun together and were there for each other all the time. Soon enough we found 
out that there was more to our friendship than we realized. The first time I 
kissed you was heaven, and it has been nothing roses ever since, but now I think 
we have been friends and lovers long enough to make a critical decision in our 
relationship. I was not sure if should go through with this when I first 
introduced you to my parents, but they have accepted you and now I my doubts are 
no more. If I remember correctly, you were the one who took the initiative when 
we first met and you were the one who kissed me rig
 ht in front of your friends. (Pulls out box) Well now it is my turn to take the 
initiative.

	From the window in their room, a sweaty Tenchi and Ryoko hold each and 
kiss as they watch their son in the moonlight make his move. Though they cannot 
see perfectly, can see Azuka with excitement and embrace their son tightly. 
Satisfied, Tenchi closes the curtains and resumes his night with his bride; 
meanwhile, on the bridge, Oryko clutches his bride tightly and they kiss under 
the moonlight. The diamond ring shines brilliantly under the moonlight while 
somewhere deep in the forest Washu, Mayuka and the old innkeeper celebrate the 
carnival in style. However, in the midst of their celebration they have no idea 
that this carnival is unlike any other - this is a diamond carnival.

To be continued...
