Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo! or its characters, which are strictly the 
property of AIC and Pioneer; therefore do not sue me.

	The sunrise over the mountains splashes spots of color upon the lake, and 
the cool summer breeze hits the trees and brushes the dew to the ground. A 
single droplet awakens Oryko up from a blissful sleep. As he slowly opens his 
eyes, he looks down upon the beauty in still asleep in his arms. The dark 
crimson hair brushing against his cheek fails to block the view of her beautiful 
skin, the blush in her cheeks, and the smile on her lips - to Oryko, this was 
paradise. The smile on her lips caught Oryko a little off guard, for she was 
smiling at him when dozed off to sleep. Slowly, he stands up with her still in 
his arms and starts towards the house. Once inside, he heads upstairs to his 
room and lays her down on his bed, and kisses her lips softly as he tucks her 
in.  Everything was peaceful and quiet, and he adored the way she slept; he 
slowly started backing up quietly to the door until he bumped into something - 
another body. He need not turn around, because the shape of the
  body was quite familiar.

Oryko: (nervously, quietly) It is not what it looks like, I can explain.

Ryoko: (angrily, loudly) Well, then you better get started because I will not 
have a girl sleep in your bed!

Oryko: (quietly) Will you keep it down! I just brought her to sleep temporarily; 
I'll clear out Sasami's old room today and make room.

Ryoko: (calmly) I am telling you Oryko, I do not like that girl, and I have a 
feeling she will break your heart. You know what I did to those other unworthy 
girls, don't you?

Oryko: Yes I do, and do not think for a second that I will not try to stop you 
and your dirty tricks.

Ryoko: (laughing) We will see about that, until then I want you to get work on 
your chores. (unrolls list) This is just a small list of chores I want you to do 
today.

Oryko: (looks at list, eyes bug out) Th-that will take me the entire day at 
least! (looks back at Ryoko) So do you think this will stop me? I hope you are 
in for a long day, mom, because this means war!

Ryoko: (watches Oryko walk out, then looks down at Azuka) That's right, sleep 
little girl, because when you wake up I am going to make your life a living 
Hell!

	Oryko heads downstairs to get some breakfast before the long day ahead. 
Washu and Mayuka were already at the table eating, while Tenchi was outside 
sweeping the walkway. Oryko sat down and began eating, then all of a sudden, 
Washu and Mayuka both started giggling.

Oryko: (confused) What's up girls? Did I miss something? 

Mayuka: We were just talking about you - about how hilarious it will be watching 
you and mom going at each other's throats over that girl

Oryko: (swallowing) I do not consider this a laughing matter, Mayuka. (sternly) 
I am not going let my own mother dictate how to run my life.

Washu: (Chewing) Oryko, you are a good man, but your own youth prevents you from 
realizing your own intellectual potential - in short, I think you may be 
fighting a losing battle kid. (Swallowing) Your mother has gotten wiser with 
age, not to mention her experiences as a space pirate only complements her knack 
for treachery. (Laughing) Stopping her will be definitely no easy task; all I 
can do is wish you the best of luck.

Oryko: (looking at Washu, then Mayuka) I take it then you both do not think I 
can do it?

Mayuka: (concerned) Well, big brother if you were to ask for my opinion, I would 
say you have absolutely no chance in Hell.

 Washu: (sipping tea) I totally agree with Mayuka on this one, however, I know 
you well enough to know how successful you can be when you devote yourself to 
something. With that said, if you love her enough, you are more than capable of 
stopping Ryoko, but you will need to become a million times more devious in only 
a matter of hours if you are going to try and anticipate her moves. (Looking at 
the clock) Well, it looks like it is time for us to leave. (Looking at Mayuka) 
Come Mayuka, lets get going now if we are going to make it back in time for the 
real show.

Oryko: Where are you two headed? (Angrily) And what do you two mean by "the real 
show?"

Washu: (giggling) We are going into town to buy groceries and the real show will 
be the battle between you and your mother. (Winking) Now come over here and give 
your grandma a kiss before she goes. (Looking around) Hey, where did he go?

Azuka: (yawning, walking down the stairs) Good morning Mayuka. Good morning 
Washu. Have any of you seen Oryko?

Mayuka: You just missed him, and if I know him, he is probably sweeping the 
shrine steps by now. (Looking at Washu) What do you think Grandma?

Washu: Actually, Oryko never did like sweeping the steps in the middle of the 
day, but he might actually be up at the shrine.

Azuka: (confused) Shrine? What shrine?

Washu: (pointing out the window) That shrine on top of the hill, the Masaki 
Shrine. The Masaki family founded it thousands of years ago. Oryko's great-
grandfather was the last priest to reside in the shrine, but unfortunately he 
died just before Oryko left for Tokyo. His father still looks after the shrine 
and someday may take his place as the priest of the shrine.

	Washu and Mayuka leave the house for the market and Azuka sits down for 
breakfast. She eats and smiles thinking about how peaceful this place is. After 
breakfast, she sits down outside and looks around at the scene around her. The 
birds chirping, the sound of the summer breeze through the trees, the gentle 
lapping of the waves on the lake put her mind to ease and quietly she lays a 
towel on the ground to sunbathe. As Azuka soaks in the sun's rays on the ground, 
above her, Ryoko glares down angrily at the young girl.

Ryoko: (to herself) Humph! So this is the little girl who thinks she is good 
enough my son? Look how lazily she just ignores the work that is to be done 
around here. Even Ayeka was courteous enough to help out with the housework and 
she was a princess! (Quietly) Well, let me show you what I do to lazy little 
girls who feel they have nothing better to do with their time than to bathe in 
the sun.

	Ryoko rushes quickly to the cabinet below the sink and grabs a full bottle 
of bleach, and then heads back to the window. She unscrews the lid and looks 
back down at her unsuspecting victim with a sneer.

Ryoko: (thinking) He always had a thing for redheads, but this bleach will solve 
that problem. Lets just see how beautiful he thinks you are with a head full of 
white hair!

	At that moment, a phone rings in the house and forces a disappointed Ryoko 
to set the bleach down and answer it.

Ryoko: Hello, Masaki Residence.

Oryko: Just what were you planning to do with bleach dearest mother?

Ryoko: (shocked) Bleach? What bleach? What on earth are you talking about?

Oryko: (angrily) Do not play games with me! I can read your thoughts remember? I 
know what you were going to do, but just remember I am watching your every move.

Ryoko: (yelling) Why you little brat! Stay out of my mind or I will make you 
sorry you were ever born!

Oryko: (laughing, sarcastically) Why would I be sorry if you were the one who 
conceived me?

	Ryoko hangs up the phone angrily and tries to focus her thoughts on 
something else, while writing her next plan on paper in order to keep it secret. 
Meanwhile, at the shrine, Oryko works busily on his assigned work while his 
father prays inside.

Oryko: (looking up at the sun) I do not know which is worse - this relentless 
sun or my relentless mother!

Tenchi: (walking out of the shrine, laughing) My choice would be your mother, 
Oryko, and I found that out the first day I met her. (Looking up at the sun) 
When she puts her mind to something, she will do just about anything to get the 
job done. I can only image now what other scheme she has up her sleeve.

Oryko: (looking at Tenchi) I do not think she will be able to get away with much 
now that I can keep her in cheek telepathically. It takes a lot of practice in 
order to isolate your mind from everybody else.

Tenchi: Unfortunately for you, she has had some practice at doing just that; I 
thought you knew that already? Otherwise, you would not be as calm as you are 
right now.

Oryko: (frowning) I was calm dad, but thanks for the reality check. (To himself) 
Mom, why can you not just accept her?

	As Oryko worked out in the field, Azuka watched her boyfriend from the 
shade of the house blushing her approval of his body, almost drooling at the 
site of him before catching herself. 	Meanwhile, an angry Ryoko sat from the 
couch and sneered at the little girl in the window, showing her own disapproval 
of Azuka's boy gazing.

Ryoko: (thinking) Look at that little tramp, staring at him like a piece of 
meat, it is as if he were not even my son at all, but more like dog's chew toy! 
Well, we will see how desirable you are very soon indeed.

	Later that evening, as the family sits down for dinner, Ryoko's plan 
starts to take affect...

Ryoko: (smirking) What is the matter Miss Azuka?

Azuka: (holding her head) I have a splitting headache! You would not happen to 
have some aspirin would you?

Ryoko: (slipping a powder in a glass of water) Try this powder, it has a strong 
ingredient that should clear that headache easily. (Smirks, hands her the glass) 
Now drink up, and do not miss a drop my dear. (Thinking as Azuka drinks) That's 
right my dear drink up! This powder is one of Washu's experiments she gave to 
Tenchi and I on our honeymoon - it causes a person to become horny and we will 
see how pure and loveable you are when you are trying to claw his clothes off!

 	The strange, extra ingredient in Azuka's tea begins to take effect as the 
meal wears on, and Azuka constantly puts her hand on Oryko's leg before he 
quickly brushes it off. Eventually the meal ends and the girls with exception of 
Azuka clean up the kitchen while the two young lovers head upstairs.

Oryko: (kisses Azuka) Well, good night Azuka I will see you tomorrow morning. 
(Grabbed low by Azuka) Hey! Just what do think you are doing?

Azuka: (blushing severally) I am so sorry Oryko, but for some reason I feel so 
horny I cannot stand it. I do not want to be this way, but I just cannot help 
it.

Oryko: What did my mother slip into your tea?

Azuka: (brushes up close to Oryko) I told her I had a headache and asked her for 
some aspirin. (Holds up small bag) She told me that this powdered stuff would 
help; I do not suppose you know what it is?

Oryko sniffed the contents of the bag, and then tasted a small portion on his 
finger. He knew exactly what it was, and an angry sneer appeared on face. He 
marched his way back down stairs and into the kitchen where the women were 
almost finished cleaning the kitchen.

Oryko: (glaring at Ryoko) Mayuka, grandma, please leave mom and I need to talk 
alone. (They quickly leave) How much lower can you possibly go? You tried to 
make her force herself on me, and I take it you wanted her to do your dirty 
work, all you had to was just slip in the special ingredient and success was 
almost guaranteed right? (Exploding) Well, you failed this morning and you 
failed again tonight, and you are going to continue to fail because I love her 
and there is absolutely nothing you can do about it!

Ryoko: (yelling back) How dare you talk to your mother like that! Just who in 
the hell do you think you are, huh? You will show me the respect I deserve young 
man - or has that girl made you complete forget about who you are and where you 
came from?

Oryko: (calmly) Nothing has nor ever will make forget who I am and where I come 
from, but you cannot tell me who I can fall in love with and I have fallen in 
love with Azuka.

Ryoko: (angrily) I will not except this girl or this attitude of yours in this 
house you brat! You will show me the proper respect or...

Tenchi: (shouting) Shut up Ryoko! (Angrily at Ryoko) I have had about enough of 
the way you treat our son!

Ryoko: (calmly, somewhat shocked) Tenchi, dear, why don't you run along upstairs 
and I will be up in a minuet to calm you down.

Tenchi: (sternly) No Ryoko, not this time, I am not going to sit here and see 
you two tear each other apart over this issue. (To Oryko) From what I have seen, 
she is a very beautiful, smart, and sweet girl and even though she has been lazy 
she has done nothing wrong. (To Ryoko) I approve of her and this time I am 
setting my foot down! Azuka is welcome in my house understand Ryoko?

Ryoko: (shocked, quietly) Yes dear, I understand completely. (To Oryko, calmly) 
I will do my best to accept her, but deep in my heart I still think you are 
making a bad decision. I guess only time will tell to see whether I am right or 
I am wrong - until then make sure you two behave yourselves in my house.

	Exhausted, Oryko heads back upstairs and walks in on a sleeping Azuka, 
still struggling with the affects of the drug. Silently, he kneels and kisses 
her sweet lips, savoring the taste and in his mind he knows that one day they 
will be able to some of things he always wanted to do as a couple. However, 
before he lets his mind and hands get carried away, he breaks the kiss and 
leaves the room. Tired and sore, he slips into the shower and washes away not 
only dirt, but also the anger and frustration surrounding the feeling concerning 
his mother the past twenty-four hours. Clean and relaxed, he slips into his bed 
and falls into a deep sleep, a sleep so deep that he starts dreaming a very 
strange and vivid dream.

To be continued...
.

