[Warhammer stomps onto the screen. Evidently po'ed at something.]

	WH: Alright. I have had it up to HERE…[holds hand above his head]… with 
all this crap. EVERY chance that Kiyone has a chance to be happy, any 
and all authors make her suffer just for the sake of story continuity. 
Save for the Magical Spoof Chase were Kiyone lost by TWO MEASLY VOTES TO 
UKYOU!!!! OF ALL PEOPLE!!!! [Growls like a rabid wolf and clenches his 
fists until they break.] OOOOOOUUUUUUCH!!!!
Anyway… on with the fic on how things SHOULD be for Kiyone. 


Happiness

A Tenchi Muyo-fic
Written by 
Teknos Warhammer

	Kiyone ran with the plasma cannon in her arms. She turned around and 
fired several more rounds of energy at her pursuer. She was inside the 
base of the dark organization Shadow Star and it's leader Nova was 
within as well. After much hard work and because of one certain partner, 
her cover was blown. 

	"But Kiyone, how can you be Nova? You're supposed to be a good guy!" 
Mihoshi whined, ducking for cover. 

	Kiyone was in reality the leader of one of the most well run criminal 
syndicates in the Galaxy Police sector of space. The Shadow Star. Whose 
infamous and unknown leader that only went by the name of Nova. Now, the 
only person outside of the Shadow Star who knew what Nova really looked 
like was Mihoshi. 

Which caused Kiyone to fire several more rounds of plasma at her former 
partner. "It's easy Mihoshi. I needed something to get back at you and 
your bastard Grandpa! Being underneath your eyes was the perfect cover. 
Now, I am finally going to kill you for all the misery you caused me!" 
Kiyone increased the power on the gun and blasted the box Mihoshi hide 
behind into smithereens. 

Of course, Mihoshi was tossed away by the blast to the other side of the 
hallway. Where Mihoshi then took a hold of one of the machine gun lasers 
and decided to continue her job. Even though she didn't like it. She 
stood up and announced, "Kiyone Makibi. You are under arrest for grand 
theft, larceny, arson, and too many misdemeanors to count. Come out now 
and give yourself up."

Her only response was several more volleys of plasma. Until Kiyone 
realized that her gun was out of juice. The only other weapon she had on 
her was an older Earth 'Spyder', an automatic machine hand-gun. As if it 
would do her any good. Also was the small blaster on her gauntlet, good 
for only a few shots.  So, throwing the empty cannon at Mihoshi, she ran 
to the only avenue of escape possible. To the power levels of the 
station. 

	Several minutes later, the door to the power plant of the station threw 
open and Kiyone ran though and onto the central platform. Mihoshi was 
still in pursuit, trying to remember which rights to read to her 
criminal. In the center of the platform, another floor hung above the 
steaming and glowing Ultra Energy Matter. The first of the two women 
yanked the door open and looked up to her pursuer.  

	"I was always better Mihoshi. It's just that you always got the credit 
for it because of the Marshall and stuck you to me like a curse!" She 
jumped down the opening to the lower platform. Without thinking, Mihoshi 
jumped down and landed, yet she didn't see the person she pursued. 

	She heard a click behind her and turned around quickly to see Kiyone 
holding the hand blaster at point blank. Yet, while Mihoshi turned the 
long barrel of her weapon knocked the gun out of her hand. Kiyone's face 
was a mixture of pure shock and rage. 

	"IT! IS! NOT! FAIR! YOU ALWAYS GET OUT OF THINGS AND I GET ALL THE CRAP 
OF THE DEAL!" she screamed and fell on her knees. Mihoshi couldn't help 
but feel sympathy for her friend, turned foe. 

	"Kiyone. You're under arrest. Please come quietly." She said holding 
the barrel at her friend, which was a hard and scary thing to do. 

	After a few sniffs, Kiyone stood up and then remembered something that 
was poking at the small of her back. Thinking fast, she pointed to the 
other side of the room and screamed,

	"WHAT'S THAT?" Of course, Mihoshi turned around and saw nothing, but 
when she turned back to see Kiyone putting a handgun to her head, an 
evil smile on her face as she growled,

	"Surprise." And unloaded all 12 bullets in, or should I say through, 
Mihoshi's head. Almost anyone else had been through the same thing with 
their best friend would have gone through an emotional valley so deep 
they wouldn't get out. Not Kiyone, she began to laugh. A laugh devoid of 
sanity, a laugh filled with sadistic joy. 

	Kiyone's personal living hell was forever gone. FOREVER! By that time a 
few of her loyal soldiers had caught up. The only ones that were still 
living that is. 

	"Hey boss. We just got a word on the radar, a GP strike force in on 
it's way here. And… oh wow. You got rid of her right?" A larger 
dragon-like man noted through the hole on the platform above. 

	Kiyone spit on the lifeless body of her former partner and kicked her 
into the UEM, where the evidence would fade away into nothing. Looking 
up, she said to the others. 

	"Take the usual steps. Rough yourselves up and get into some civvie 
clothing. Make it look like we were prisoners. Also, erase the database 
and distribute the money the way it programmed. If all goes well, we ALL 
will be living well for the rest of our lives." Kiyone announced as she 
climbed back up. It was too perfect.

*************************************************

	The next day, Kiyone met with the Grand Marshall of the Galaxy Police 
Force, wounds healed and a vanishing scar on her right hand. The 
Marshall did not take the death of his granddaughter that well. She was 
able to console him a little bit. Fabricating a story that after Nova 
killed Mihoshi and Kiyone killed off Nova. Sadly, the identity of Nova 
would never be known among the GP.

	Walking out of the office, Kiyone couldn't help but smirk. Mihoshi was 
gone, she had been promoted to First Class Officer, she would have no 
problems with money, the Marshall would soon follow in the footsteps of 
his relative, and given a medal for bravery for 'avenging' Mihoshi. Yes… 
Life was good. 

	That was when she woke up.

	That was when she noticed the bed she was sleeping in. It was large. It 
was next to a window with a gently bright sun. The sheets were softer 
than any silk she'd known. Only an emperor could afford such fabrics. 

	A hand gently touched her shoulder, and she turned to see a much more 
older and well defined Tenchi Misaki. His hair was longer and much more 
well kept than the spiked way it was when he was young. Also, she 
couldn't help but feel a little turned on at much more well toned 
version of Tenchi. 

	"Tenchi? Who… what… where am I?" She asked looking around, to see on 
the other side of the bed was sitting a concerned looking Tsunami. 

	"Kiyone... Sister, are you alright?" the other woman asked. 

	Kiyone blinked in surprise. Tsunami had called her sister. She had also 
noticed that she had a pair of circles embedded on her forehead, and her 
hair had grown much longer. 

	"Kiyone," Tenchi began, "If your dreams made you forget, you're the 
First Empress of the Juraian Empire. And have been for the past 900 
years. We have a daughter name Hiwa and a son named Yoshi. Tsunami and I 
have a son named Mizu."

	This made Kiyone blink even more. She? An empress? Also a mother? It 
was too hard to believe. It was at that time she remembered, "What about 
Mishoshi, and the others?"

	Tsunami cut in, "Don't you remember? Ryoko was killed in the Yagami 
war. And Ayeka was lost in the negotiations with the Yagami. Mihoshi 
passed away four centuries ago. Washu is still working as a professor at 
the Academy." 

	Kiyone took a minute to consider where she was. Most importantly, 
Mishoshi was dead, she was one of the most powerful women in the galaxy, 
and she was married to a good man, who also looked the part of being a 
man from her dreams. 

	A smile crept across her face. She turned to her husband and her 
sister. "I'm ok now. Nothing to worry about." With that, she pounced 
Tenchi and kissed him like she did in her dreams with a man she would 
fantasize about. 

	After a long and passionate kiss, her eye turned to see Tsunami 
standing up. She smirked and said, "Well sister. You were always the 
more aggressive one. I'll make sure and let the Council know that his 
majesty and her highness will be 'detained' a short while." With that 
she went to the bathroom, changed, and left to meet with the council. 

	Turning back to Tenchi, she whispered hungrily, "Now, where were we?" 
He smirked and kissed her with the same fervor she showed him. It would 
have continued…

	…except that she woke up again. 

	It was in her room at the apartment she and Mihoshi lived at. Mihoshi 
was still asleep in the bed beside her. It was still dark. Work would 
start in a few hours. Kiyone wanted to cry. 

In fact, between sobs, she took out her standard issue pistol, ran out 
to the side of the side of the building, powered up the gun, and placed 
it in her mouth. She was just about to pull the trigger when a woman 
about her own height, only with a slightly darker green color of hair 
snatched the gun from her. 

	"I wouldn't do that if I were you." She said. Growling, Kiyone lurched 
for the gun. She had a right to take her own life. And she was not going 
to let some stranger get some brownie points off of her. She would have 
gotten the gun except that a trio of Light Hawk Wings blocked her path. 

	The woman looked her in the eyes and said, almost beginning to cry. 
"Mother… please… don't do this. Not now." 

	Kiyone suddenly stopped and took another look at the woman who had not 
only stopped her, but had proclaimed her to be her mother. He hair was 
short and a shade or two darker than Kiyone's. A wooden necklace waved 
around her neck. Her semi-tanned skin made the serious look in her eyes 
more evident. Her eyes had the same color of Kiyone's, emerald green. 
Only Kiyone's daughter could possess such a trait. 

	Also, the LHW had said something too. Was this the Hiwa she was told 
about in her dreams? It might be possible. 

	The woman stepped forward  and placed the gun back in Kiyone's hand. 
The woman looked Kiyone directly in the eye again and said,

	"Just wait a few more months. You will get what has always eluded you 
for so long. Just wait a little longer." With that, she turned around 
and walked away. For the next several minutes, she considered this. And 
with a sigh, she walked back to her room. She was hoping that the woman 
was right. She would wait a few months to see if what she was told was 
true. 

	Three months later, in a drunken stupor, she and Future Prince of 
Jurai, Tenchi Misaki, found themselves together by accident. Starting a 
chain of events which would lead her to earn the true love of Tenchi 
Misaki, become to the First Empress of Jurai, bury the bitterness she 
had for Mihoshi, and finally, receive her happiness. 

The end. 

[Warhammer returns.]

	WH: What drove me to write this was already explained at the top. I am 
too tired to write anything else. Write your complaints to 
Teknoplus@hotmail.com. Just don't make a bigger deal out of it than it 
is. Please. I was mad when I wrote this.

[Warhammer staggers out, evidently tired.]