Tenchi Muyo! Universe #6
The End
by Ewen "Ryoga" Cluney

DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki and the characters, 
places, etc. therein are trademarks of AIC/Pioneer LDC; this 
work is not intended to be a challenge to any such 
ownership, and may be distributed freely, in unmodified 
form. 

	Author's Note: The End is an unusual story. Its 
beginning coincides with the beginning of the movie, when 
Galaxy Police HQ is destroyed by Kain. Commander Sarnd was 
*not* killed when this happened. This story follows his 
adventures afterwards.

	Kurata sat at his desk, looking at the holomonitor. On 
it was the face of Commander Sarnd.
	"I'm glad you've _finally_ gotten the report from 
Mihoshi." the Thurnian was saying, "I nearly got demoted 
because of this mess, you know."
	Kurata smiled as best he could. "Sorry about that, sir, 
but we are dealing with Mihoshi, after all." If the 
commander found out the truth, that the report had been 
censored by Jurai, he would be in big trouble, to say 
nothing of the Federation's diplomatic relations with Planet 
Jurai.
	"Still... this is a bit late even for Mihoshi. However, 
I've got more important things to worry about. Signing off."
	The holomonitor disappeared, and Kurata heaved a sigh 
of relief. "That Mihoshi," he said at last. He would've 
added Those Juraians, were it not for the security camera in 
his office.
	Looking at his appointment calendar, Kurata found that, 
miraculously, he wasn't busy until late in the afternoon. It 
was quite rare for such a thing to happen nowadays, although 
the fact that Mihoshi had been on Earth, and thus not very 
active, had certainly helped. For lack of anything better to 
do, he decided to take a walk around the station.
	Galaxy Police Seventh Headquarters was a confusing 
jumble of silvery discs, rings, and cylinders in space, so 
named because it was the seventh such facility constructed, 
including all the various major refits that had been carried 
out over the past few millennia. The vast facility was the 
nerve center of the Galaxy Police, and as such a self-
contained world. Kurata headed for the gardens to take a 
stroll; he could use a little of the more oxygenated air.
	The botanical gardens had plants from a hundred 
different worlds, and walking though them was quite a visual 
experience.
	"Hello, Kurata." said a deep, welcoming voice.
	Kurata turned around to see none other than Grand 
Marshall Mirani, leader of the Galaxy Police (and Mihoshi's 
grandfather) standing there. He was a tall, broad-shouldered 
man -- especially for a Kizakan -- and the effect was made 
all the more intimidating by his mane of golden hair and 
ornate Marshall's uniform. "Um, hello sir; nice to see you 
here."
	The Marshall smiled, and rested a hand on Kurata's 
shoulder. "Quite a nice day for a walk. Don't you agree?"
	This was a bit surprising to Kurata; he had only met 
the Marshall once, and they had exchanged less than a dozen 
words. Now the Grand Marshall was getting all friendly with 
him. Why? Kurata smiled nervously. "Why, yes, sir. I have a 
little free time today, so I thought I'd go for a little 
walk around the station..."
	"Well then," said the Marshall, finally removing his 
heavy hand from Kurata's shoulder. "I'll join you."
	The two of them proceeded along through the gardens. 
Kurata decided to let the Marshall lead the way, despite the 
fact that the Marshall seemed to want to follow him.
	After they had been walking for several minutes, the 
Marshall cleared his throat. "Tell me, Kurata, what has 
Mihoshi been up to lately?"
	Kurata could feel beads of sweat forming on his brow, 
but did his best not to let it show. "Mihoshi? Well, after 
bringing Dr. Clay here, she headed back to Earth again."
	"Oh? Where on Earth?"
	Granted the Marshall had a right to know, but it was a 
bit odd of him to ask. It wasn't as though he'd be able to 
visit or anything. "Um, the same place as before, I believe. 
That means she would've probably been present when the Jurai 
Royal Family visited Earth."
	"Indeed." said the Marshall with a frown.
	"Although her partner, Detective First Class Kiyone, 
went after her."
	They walked along in silence for a time, leaving the 
vaulted ceiling and fresh air of the gardens behind, and 
moving towards the areas that contained the machinery that 
kept the station up and running.
	"If you miss Mihoshi, why not go visit her? If you'd 
like, I could pull in a few favors and... sir?"
	Kurata realized that the Marshall was standing over a 
control console. He looked at the screen and gasped; the 
Marshall was accessing the controls for the Subspace 
Network, specifically the extradimensional containment 
facility. Only a handful of the most powerful criminals ever 
known were kept there, including... Kurata swallowed, 
remembering the stories he'd heard and the footage he'd seen 
in his days at the academy.
	Kain.
	"Uh, sir... May I ask what you're doing?"
	"Silence." the Marshall said evenly.
	Something was most definitely wrong. Kurata pulled out 
his sidearm, a low-powered energy pistol intended for in-
ship use. "Sir, I must ask you to step away from the 
console, now."
	The Marshall turned to face Kurata. His eyes were not 
the sky blue of a Kizakan, but rather, the entire surface of 
both eyes was glossy black. The Marshall threw a punch, and 
Kurata was knocked to the floor. As he got up, Kurata set 
the gun to maximum stun, and fired.
	The blast of yellowish energy struck the Marshall 
squarely in the back, but had no effect.
	"Insect." the Marshall muttered. He pulled a gut out -- 
a standard GP laser pistol -- and fired. Kurata desperately 
tried to get out of the way, but was hit in she lower arm. 
Finally, he managed to get behind some crates, and appraised 
his arm. It was still there, but it hurt like the nine 
hells, and was blackened where the laser had hit it. He 
could smell his own burnt flesh. Kurata felt like vomiting, 
except he was too nervous even for that.
	He had to do _something_; the Marshall, under the 
control of... something, was about to open up the Subspace 
Prison. The face to the Galaxy Police, and possibly the 
galaxy, was at stake!
	Kurata poked his head out. The Marshall was standing 
there still, at the controls. He had the laser pistol out, 
and could probably kill Kurata without too much trouble. 
Only one option then; close combat. The Marshall was bigger, 
but also older.
	Cursing his wounded arm, Kurata charged at the 
Marshall, and knocked him to the ground. An instant later, 
the two of them were grappling on the deck. Kurata quickly 
realized that the Marshall was far stronger than he had 
anticipated, and was soon pinned to the floor.
	The black eyes looked down at Kurata. "I WILL BE FREE!" 
The words were said with a voice that resonated so as to be 
deeper than even the Marshall's great frame would produce, 
and held incredible hatred and rage within them.
	"W-what are you?"
	The Marshall's face smiled. "I am Kain!" The Marshall 
stood up and drew his laser pistol again, carefully taking 
aim at Kurata's forehead.
	In that split second, Kurata knew he could either live 
or die. He slid out of the way an instant before the laser 
blast hit the deck, leaving a crater -- A crater large 
enough that it had to have been made by a blast at maximum 
setting! -- and spun around, kicking the Marshall's legs out 
from under him. In that instant, he got up, made a fist with 
his good arm, and punched as hard as he could.
	The Marshall lay unconscious, and Kurata hurried to the 
console. But it was too late. He looked through the window, 
down at the bay. Machinery slid into place, energy crackled, 
a vast yellow and black cover slid back, and the blue lens 
of the subspace machinery was suddenly wrenched about and 
broken.
	"Oh no." Kurata murmured. "This is how it ends."

*          *          *

	Sarnd watched the displays in disbelief. Containment in 
the subspace network had been lost, and an expanding sphere 
of nothingness was rapidly consuming the station.
	"It's Kain." he growled." It's got to be; only he could 
do something so... impossible!"
	The techs worked furiously, trying to rally what 
systems remained to contain the monster, but they all knew 
it was probably futile. They had all heard stories of the 
power and terror of Kain, but none ever imagined that he 
might escape.
	Finally, a warning was being sent to all Galaxy Police 
Personnel; there was nothing else to say, nothing to do but 
wait for the end. Suddenly, the nothingness reached the 
command center. By the dozens, techs cried out as they 
simply ceased to be.
	Sarnd looked into the coming wave, and roared.

	Somehow, Sarnd had expected to wake up either to an 
afterlife of some sort, or not at all. What he found was 
neither, but in many ways like both.
	He was floating through a black void. Not the cold of 
space -- that would be warm and inviting compared to this 
place, where the blackness, the nothingness, seemed to 
permeate every fiber of his being. He couldn't move, and 
felt like he was falling in every direction at once.
	He couldn't tell how long he was in this terrible 
place; time seemed to slip away along with everything else. 
He gasped for air, but found none. He had to get out, to 
*do* something.

	When Sarnd came to, he found himself in a small, dark, 
sealed section of corridor. The air was stale, and his 
entire body ached. A small amount of natural light filtered 
in through the viewports.
	"Wha-- What happened?" he murmured.
	The last thing he remembered, Kain had escaped and a 
wave of... something was consuming the station. No, it was a 
wave of *nothing*. Well, actually, it was a sort of physical 
and temporal inversion through subspace... But regardless, 
the question was, how had he survived at all? So many damn 
questions...
	Everything was silent. If this corridor was cut off, he 
die from lack of food or air, most likely the latter first. 
He walked up and down the length of the corridor. Apparently 
it had become severed from an exterior station ring, one of 
the auxiliary space docks. In the moments before Kain's 
attack reached it, the emergency doors must've sealed, 
leaving an airtight bottle. Somehow, he'd ended up here 
rather than in the command center, which was no doubt in far 
worse condition.
	Outside, still docked to the corridor section, was a 
small shuttle. It was an old model, but a type that was 
still, in fact, in service. Kind of like me, he thought. But 
if he could reach the shuttle he might have a chance. A slim 
chance to be sure -- the subspace transition couldn't have 
been very good for the shuttle's drives, or any of its other 
systems, for that matter.
	The first obstacle, though, was just getting to it. 
There was no power to the corridor, and thus the airlock 
wouldn't be functional. About all he had was his cube and 
laser pistol -- he was glad that officers of his rank were 
allowed to carry those rather than the non-lethal types 
carried by most GP personnel while on station. Even so, 
lasers and other blaster weapons, as a whole made rather 
poor cutting  tools, and the GPLP was no exception. Further, 
firing at the door could damage their airlock, maybe even 
the ship. And if the airlock seal was damaged, he'd be 
spaced no matter what happened.
	For some reason, he thought of Trakal, of the Special 
Investigation Unit. His covert recon work on a number of 
planets had given him a wide knowledge of a number of 
cultures, including that of Earth. It was from that planet 
which he'd acquired the expression, "Damned if you do, 
damned if you don't." Which more or less summed up Sarnd's 
current situation. But Trakal was on the station at the 
time, which meant he was, in all likelihood, quite dead. 
Despite his lack of personality at times, the Operative was 
one of the GP's best.
	He pulled out the pistol, looked it over, and sighed. 
"No other options." he muttered, pointing it at the door. 
Now he had to figure out what setting to use. The LP had 10 
different intensity settings, and thus the power cell could 
be used for 6 to 60 shots. GP airlocks were rather well 
armored, however (and with good reason), and thus he would 
have to use at least level 5 to make it through the door, 
but that would only give him 12 shots; he'd have to make 
them good ones.
	By the time the energy cell was depleted, there was a 
hole he could just barely fit though, though the jagged 
edges of the improvised portal were a bit painful. Once on 
the other side, he vowed to make energy knives standard 
issue as soon as possible, or maybe see to it that some sort 
of integrated energy system was put into use.
	Before him was the ship's exterior door. The question 
was, how to open it. This whole mess was getting rather 
irritating; it was like some sort of VR adventure game, with 
one puzzle after the other.
	He slammed his fist on the door. "Damnit!"
	Before he knew what was happening, he was sprawled on 
the floor of the shuttle, in a rather comical fashion. At 
least Mihoshi wasn't here. The door shut behind him.

	The shuttle was in poor shape, though the life support 
system was intact. The AI was doing well too. The only real 
problem was the drives. The chemical thrusters were fine, 
but the subspace inversion drives would need repairs.
	"I'm glad to see that there were survivors of this 
catastrophe!" it was saying.
	Sarnd glared at it from the pilot's seat. "Tell me, 
just what happened?"
	"Based on the available data, I surmise that the Class 
1 Criminal Kain  escaped from the subspace network, and 
conventional spacetime around the station was pulled into 
subspace, then partially reasserted their normal 
overdimension patterns. Thus, the station reappeared some 63 
seconds later, but the physical structures were scrambled by 
a factor of 0.23. I regret to say that all organic life on 
the station would've been destroyed by the transition."
	He nodded. "So, why did I survive? I was in the command 
center at the time?"
	The AI's optic units refocused. "Checking files... I 
will require access to your personal files to comply."
	"Granted."
	"The cause of this is uncertain, but I hypothesize that 
the damage suffered to your overdimension and astral 
patterns during the Rage Incident prevented some of the 
subspace shift's effects somehow, possibly causing a spatial 
rather than dimensional transition. This is, however, 
conjecture."
	He never thought he'd be glad to have gone through all 
that business with Rage, so long ago, especially given how 
long he'd spent in the hospital. Granted, it had gotten him 
out of patrol around Vertix, and even a promotion, but only 
now did he begin to thing it might've been worthwhile. 
Except for the nightmares. Having one's astral pattern out 
of whack tends to have strange effects on the subconscious, 
as well as the psychic centers of the brain, though the 
phenomena is not fully understood. Regardless, the next 
priority was to survive.
	"And is there anything salvageable that you can detect 
in the wreckage?"
	The scanners came to bear on the once proud station, 
now reduced to rubble. "With present capabilities, very 
little. I have, however, detected an object that might be of 
interest to you." A holoscreen came up, displaying a tiny 
object. The view zoomed a few times, and he realized that it 
was a man. A pudgy, white-haired man with one artificial 
eye.
	"Dr. Clay..." He could remember the day when Mihoshi 
brought the doctor in. Then, as now, he was covered in green 
goo. When released, Mihoshi gave him a box, which contained 
broken pieces of pottery. "But you said there were no 
survivors."
	"Negative. I stated that no one survived the 
transition, apart from you. Dr. Clay did not experience the 
transition, for reasons unknown."
	Sarnd looked at the blob on the monitor, and frowned. 
Dr. Claw had been apprehended by Mihoshi of all people. He 
might be smart, but was likely lacking in the area of common 
sense. Sarnd knew for a fact that Clay was petty and 
arrogant. Still, he could be useful.
	"Bring him aboard."

	Dr. Clay was at the center of a mass of green ooze. 
Sarnd stood in the crampled cargo bay, looking the pudgy 
scientist over.
	A pair of eyes opened, one living, one not. The strange 
ooze suddenly became animated, and then flowed into Clay's 
cap, despite the fact that there shouldn't have been enough 
room -- though Sarnd knew better than to question such 
things from a former student of the Science Academy. Clay 
then inhaled and cleared his throat.
	"Greeting... Commander." he said evenly. "I see I am 
not the only survivor after all." He looked around. "The 
question is, what do you want from me?"
	Sarnd folded his arms across his massive chest. "Your 
help, as needed; I need to get back to Kazak as soon as 
possible. However, that'll be a bit difficulty seeing as how 
the subspace drive needs to be fixed." There was a long 
pause as Sarnd waited for a reply.
	Clay shrugged. "What choice do I have?"
	Despite a number of personality flaws and so forth, Dr. 
Clay was certainly skilled enough to deal with most of the 
shuttle's difficulties in short order, though the comm 
proved to be completely beyond repair. If there was any 
trouble, they'd be on their own.
	Within a few minutes, they were under way.
	Just as the shuttle was clearing the edge of the solar 
system, the AI emerged, clearly panicked. "Sir! There is a 
subspace energy form moving towards us!"
	A holoscreen came up, showing an amorphous mass of 
blood red, staining the stars. Sarnd tightened his jaw. He 
knew what it was, and what it could do.
	This was... "Rage."
	It must've escaped from subspace when Kain was freed.
	"Ah, yes." said Clay. "That mirror entity."
	"Just stay calm." Sarnd said firmly.
	Clay nodded. They waited in silence.
	Minutes later, Clay checked the readout. "Something's 
wrong. It should've dissipated by now, but it's still 
following us."
	Sarnd frowned. If it caught up to them, it could easily 
tear the ship apart. "Could Kain have something to do with 
this?"
	"It's certainly possible. Kain is probably one of the 
most hateful, aggressive beings in the universe. There is a 
distinct possibility that his hate had a permanent effect on 
it."
	Sarnd remembered the first time he'd encountered Rage, 
so long ago, and how helpless he'd felt. It was his first... 
it was the first time anything had actually happened in his 
career. Now he was much more experienced; he'd developed 
keen instincts over the years. Now they told him that he was 
screwed, unless Clay had some trick up his sleeves.
	"Allright." said Clay, "I'll need your cube."
	Sarnd handed over the cube, and the little scientist 
waddled off to the inner recesses of the ship.

	An hour later, Sarnd was presented with a curious 
device, which looked to be composed of a wide array of 
assorted parts, of which the cube was but one.
	"It doesn't look like much, but it can obliterate most 
any entity with ease." said Clay. "Point and shoot."
	Sarnd looked the thing over. "I'll have to go outside?"
	Clay nodded.
	Sarnd remembered the void of subspace, he remembered 
being wracked by crimson energy... He hadn't worn a 
battlesuit in years, but the time had come again. He headed 
for the airlock, to end it once and for all.

	Sarnd stood on top of the shuttle, looking into the 
crimson mass. Somehow, he'd feared Rage most of his life. 
The thing that had lay dormant in the Subspace Network had 
gnawed at his mind for decades. Had Kain escaped solely so 
Sarnd could have his revenge?
	No. Kain had his own fish to fry, probably starting 
with the House of Jurai. But it didn't matter. Speculation 
was pointless. The facts were that unless stopped, Rage 
would kill them.
	Sarnd pressed the trigger.
	A wave of crackling red energy sped outward, and Rage 
simply ceased to exist.

*          *          *

	The shuttle slid into place in the station's docking 
bay. When the airlock at last opened, they were confronted 
by armed guards, though they lowered their weapons at the 
sight of the Commander. The highest-ranking officer present, 
a Lieutenant, ordered them to stand down.
	""S-sir... you're alive?"
	Sarnd nodded. "It's a long story. Right now I need to 
go planetside to speak with the Grand Marshall."
	"But..." one of the officers murmured.
	"Commander," said the Lieutenant, "the Grand Marshall 
was at HQ during the disaster. Um, it would seem that you're 
all that remains of High Command."
	"I see." he said at last. That meant he would probably 
be made the new Grand Marshall. He had been uncertain of 
what the future might hold before, but now...
	Sarnd stepped out, into the station, and then they 
noticed Dr. Clay.
	Sarnd cleared his throat, and they relaxed. A little. 
"And Lieutenant, I'll be needing a shuttle downside."
	"Of course sir."

	Sarnd and Dr. Clay stood in the spaceport. They made a 
rather curious pair; a tall, aging but muscular Thurnian and 
an ancient, pudgy Kotami.
	"So," said Clay, "What do you intend to do now?"
	He thought about it for a moment. There was not way to 
tell what would happen next. Finally, he said, "Whatever 
needs to be done."
	Clay smiled. "About what I expected. As for myself, I 
intend to relax for a while.
	Sarnd nodded. Useful as he was, Sarnd detested the 
twerp. "Until next time." And with that, they parted.

	The Galaxy Police Central Command building was located 
in the Galactic Federation Center, a vast collection of 
assorted buildings which served as the heart of the 
Federation government; the entire complex was the size of a 
city, and functioned as such.
	Never one for a big fanfare, Sarnd took the G-rail, a 
vast system of trains that propelled the occupants along 
using an antigravity system. Even so, a lot of people took 
notice of him; many knew his face, and even more knew his 
uniform. And besides, he had been presumed dead, like the 
rest of High Command.
	It was imperative that a course of action be decided on 
regarding Kain. He'd probably check up on Mihoshi too; she 
was simply a magnet for trouble, and he somehow suspected 
that she and her more level-headed partner, Kiyone, might 
just get caught up in something or other.
	A small Kizakan girl looked up at him. "Who're you?"
	Sarnd had never particularly cared for kids, but wasn't 
about to be particularly mean either. "My name is Sarnd."
	Her wide, sky-blue eyes looked up into his. "Like the 
police guy?"
	He nodded. "That's me." he said flatly, as the train 
came to a stop. "Commander Sarnd." He stood up, and stepped 
off the train. Somehow, he suspected she might want to 
become a GP officer when she grew up.
	The GP building shimmered in the bright sunlight. It 
had been a few years since he'd been here, but it never 
seemed to change. While HQ was the nerve center for the 
operations of the Galaxy Police, this golden building was 
where the budget was made, supplies were distributed, and so 
forth. Not too far beyond it was the Galaxy Police Academy, 
where most of the new recruits received their training.
	His academy days hadn't quite been as everyone imagined 
them. Although he'd done well -- very well -- in all his 
classes, back then his behavior had been far less than 
perfect. Part of it, he figured, was suddenly living on 
planetside. His childhood had been on space stations and 
taught him to always be careful; one bad mistake, and you 
could be spaced. When he moved to Kazak, suddenly all the 
rules he'd learned seemed pointless and no longer applied. 
He quickly was taught otherwise.
	When Sarnd boldly strode through the doors, everyone 
around looked in astonishment. Finally, the secretary, a 
young, female Draalthi, stood up and saluted. "Sir!"
	The others were quick to follow suit.
	"At ease." he said slowly.
	"Umm..." she looked around nervously. "If you don't 
mind my asking, sir, what happened to you?"
	He sighed. "It's a *long* story. Right now I need an 
office prepared, an overview of what's happened since the 
destruction of Seventh Headquarters, and I need to see the 
Council."
	"Well... actually the Council sent for you about twenty 
minutes ago..."
	He nodded. "I see. See to the rest, and have a hovercar 
ready for me in five minutes."
	"Yes sir!"

	The hovercar sped along the paved roads that connected 
the various buildings of the Federation Center, controlled 
by its automatic systems. Sarnd took the time to relax, as 
he passed by food processing plants, solar collectors, and a 
host of other facilities.
	The members of the Galactic Council, of which there 
were now five, since the demise of the Marshall, were the 
leaders of the Galactic Senate, and thus the highest 
political officials in the entire Federation. Of course, 
*he* was the highest military official at the moment, and 
would likely end up ascending still further before the day 
was done. As the sole surviving member of the High Command, 
he was the only logical choice for the new Grand Marshall. 
It was lonely at the top, especially when you're the only 
one there.
	He arrived at the Senate building in short order, and 
wasted little time in taking a lift up to the Council 
chambers. As the lift doors opened, however, he heard a 
scream. He could smell death in the air, and ran.
	When Sarnd burst through the doors, he saw Minister 
Katari lying on the floor, apparently shot by an energy 
weapon of some sort, his crimson blood spilling on the 
floor. In the room were Minister Kratan and Prime Minister 
Jen'nara.
	"What's happened?"
	Kratan was the first to speak. "We came in, and found 
her like this." he said, his voice filled with a mixture of 
grief, rage, and disgust.
	Sarnd pulled out the communicator he had been given 
during his visit to Central Command, and activated it. "This 
is Commander Sarnd. There has been a murder at the Senate 
Building. I want a full investigation team assembled 
immediately." He changed the channel. "This is Commander 
Sarnd to security. I am ordering that the Senate Building be 
put under security alert. No one enters or leaves without my 
knowledge."
	Within a few minutes, the other Ministers, Kapek, and 
Nrandt, arrived, and were equally shocked at what they saw.
	"Gods..." murmured Nrandt, an elderly Thurnian and the 
Minister of Law. "How could such a thing happen?"
	Katari had, until a few minutes ago, been the Minister 
of Health, and the first Kotami to ever sit on the Council. 
Racist motives were a possibility, but it was also entirely 
possible that he was simply unlucky enough to be in the 
chambers at the time the assassin struck. And there were 
more than enough groups who weren't happy with the Council. 
"That," said Sarnd, "is the question. Who did this, how, 
and, more importantly, why?"
	"Any number of people might've wanted to assassinate a 
Council member." said Kratan.
	"And they might strike again." said Nrandt, with a 
slight shiver.
	Sarnd nodded. "Each of you will be assigned a security 
squad to guard you at all times until this blows over."
	Kapek, a middle-aged Draalthi, cleared his throat. "Is 
that really necessary?"
	Sarnd gave a sigh, and motioned to the body of Katari. 
"What do you think? Do you want to end up like him?"
	Before Kapek could answer, a detachment of GP officers 
entered, armed with an array of scanners and other gadgetry. 
They were quick to make a sweep of the room. As they did so, 
Sarnd and the Council members watched. Sarnd paused to look 
out the window. "Lieutenant." he said, addressing the leader 
of the detachment.
	"Sir?"
	"Have all officers in the area investigate to see if 
there are any snipers. I want aircar patrols doubled also."
	The young Valturis gave a quick salute. "Yes sir."
	One of the other officers, a Sergeant, came forward 
with his scanner. "Sir, I've been able to determine that the 
attack was carried out by means of some kind of focused bio-
energy beam. It's similar to Jurai Energy in some ways, but 
shows distinct differences."
	Sarnd took the scanner and looked over its readings. 
The distance could not be determined, mainly because the 
type of attack was basically unknown, except that it had 
caused a minor astral disruption; what remained of Katari's 
quickly fading astral pattern appeared to be damaged 
somehow. That indicated that they were dealing with an esper 
or entity of some sort. "Good work." he said, handing back 
the scanner.
	"Just what does that mean?" asked Nrandt.
	"I don't know yet." said Sarnd. "At this point we have 
no way to tell." He hesitated a moment, then activated his 
communicator again. "This is Commander Sarnd. I want a tech 
with a dimensional scanner sent up here, stat."
	Nrandt turned to Jen'nara. "Under the circumstances, I 
believe we should go ahead with the business that we 
originally came here for."
	She nodded. "Yes. I suppose so." She cleared her 
throat. "For the record, this is an emergency meeting of the 
Galactic Council. The proposal is that Commander Sarnd, as 
the sole remaining member of the Galaxy Police High Command 
after the Kain Incident, be made the acting Grand Marshall, 
pending Senate approval. Objections?"
	The room was silent.
	"Good. The motion is carried. Congratulations, Sarnd."
	Sarnd was caught off guard a bit by this; he'd been 
expecting it, but somehow he'd imagined that it would take 
more than 30 seconds. "Um... thank you, madam Prime 
Minister."
	She smiled. "Just call me Jen'nara. You're our 
colleague now; you can get away with being on a first name 
basis."
	After a few minutes, another group of officers, 
including the tech Sarnd had requested, arrived. Sarnd 
assigned each of the council members, including himself, 
three guards, including one from the SIU elite. The tech, a 
thin Kotami, set up the scanner, and ran it over the room. 
"Well," he said at last, "Minister Katari's astral pattern 
is gone now. Other than that..." he looked over the readout 
again. "Ministers Jen'nara and Kratan show a small deviation 
in their astral patterns, probably because of their 
proximity to the phenomena. And you show some rather... 
interesting disruptions to your astral and overdimension 
patterns."
	Sarnd nodded. "I know. My first case."
	The tech shook his head. "No sir; it's more pronounced 
than that. It's like... it's as though you underwent a 
complete two-way subspace inversion, but somehow survived 
intact."
	"Kain." he said. After an uncomfortable pause, he 
turned to the Council members. "For now I suggest you all 
return home, and contact me and Central Command if anything 
happens." He had to head back to his office and attend to a 
few things.

	Mihoshi lay sprawled on a hammock. It had taken her in 
all nearly an hour to reach this semi-comfortable position. 
And then, suddenly, her scanner started beeping. Startled, 
the moved, sending the hammock spinning. When she was 
finally able to stagger to her feet, she realized that it 
was a signal. She activated the thing, and a holomonitor 
appeared, with the face of Commander Sarnd on it.
	She jumped back, though the monitor followed her. "C-
commander?"
	He sighed. "Detective Mihoshi."
	She managed a salute, though that didn't change the 
fact that she was wearing a pink tanktop and bluejeans. 
"Um... yes sir?"
	"Is Kiyone there?"
	"Right here, Commander." said Kiyone, who'd come up 
behind her. "What is the situation? I thought you were at 
HQ?"
	"It's a long story. I'm at Central Command, on Kazak, 
right now. I need any information you have on events since 
then, especially where the Kain Incident is concerned."
	"Kain?" said Mihoshi. "But--"
	"Sir, with the aid of others present here on Earth, we 
were able to destroy Kain permanently."
	Sarnd stopped short, and sort of choked for a moment 
before resuming. "Good. You can send me a full report later. 
In the meantime, I have been promoted to the rank of acting 
Grand Marshall."
	Mihoshi became rather confused. "But--"
	Sarnd sighed. "I regret to inform you that your 
grandfather was making a surprise visit to Seventh 
Headquarters at the time of the incident."
	"G- grandpa was...?" Mihoshi sort of went limp, 
dropping to her knees, and started to cry.
	Sarnd tried to think of something consoling to say, but 
couldn't. "My condolences." he said at last. "Detective 
Kiyone, I want a full report on the Kain Incident relayed to 
Central Command as soon as possible. That is all."

	Sarnd sat at his desk, looking over the comprehensive 
reports. He couldn't stop thinking about Mihoshi. He wasn't 
sure whether it was her or her partner that he pitied more. 
However, it didn't matter now. What was done was done. Maybe 
he'd been around Trakal too much; he'd started to become 
fatalistic too. Of course, the SIU operative would be dead 
now as well. He had just returned from an assignment a day 
or so before it all happened. Too many people were in the 
wrong place at the wrong time. Kurata was gone too, for that 
matter. It was just frustrating. Kain had been destroyed, 
but on another planet, far away. It seemed too ephemeral a 
vengeance.
	More important, though, was the matter at hand. A 
member of the Galactic Council had been assassinated, and 
the killer was still on the loose. The first priority was to 
protect the council members, which he had done by 
supplementing their own personal guards with GP officers. 
Now all that remained was to locate the killer, hopefully 
before they struck again.
	Things had changed too quickly for him. The cosmos had 
made sense a week ago. He had a stable job, doing paperwork 
and such at HQ, and was usually pretty bored. Now, he had 
been promoted to head of the Galaxy Police, in one of the 
worst ways possible -- Dead Man's Boots -- and was 
investigating the unthinkable.
	Unfortunately, it looked as though they had nothing 
more to go on. Whoever was responsible, they would be the 
ones to decide what happened next. Questioning damn near 
everyone in the building had produced nothing, except for a 
number of complaints. Now all they could do was go over what 
little they had and wait.
	He remembered a case from some 20 years ago, when a 
sniper had managed to set up in the capitol. He had been 
going for nearly an hour, shooting down people at random, 
and then anyone that came near him, until a young officer, a 
Private Felna, used her aircar's targeting lasers to blind 
the sniper, and then go in for an arrest. But in this case, 
if there was a sniper, they were a smart one, and didn't 
hang around waiting to be captured. Only one quick blast, 
and then they vanished. That kind of work would be hard to 
trace. About the only real hope of picking such an assailant 
out of the population was to find their weapon, which might 
not even be a possibility if it was a (super)natural 
ability.
	He rested his head in his hands and cursed.

	The call came in the very early hours of the morning. 
Sarnd hadn't really been able to sleep, and kept mulling 
over the problem set before him. "Marshall?" said the young 
tech, "we've received a call from the estate of Minister 
Nrandt; he's... he's been assassinated."
	Now he stood in a hallway in the Minister's home. 
Nrandt's body had been removed, replaced by a holographic 
image to show where he had been. This time, though, it was 
different. He had been stabbed to death by the maid, who 
claimed to have no memory of doing such a thing.
	She was a young Kizakan, and looked to be upset, 
shocked, and frightened.
	When Sarnd stood before her, she shrunk back. "Please, 
miss, try to stay calm."
	She nodded, but didn't become any more calm.
	"I don't think you did it, but I need to know exactly 
what you *do* remember."
	"Well... I was j-just cleaning up here in the study 
when suddenly I blacked out. And then, when... Next thing I 
knew, I saw him there, stabbed to death." Her voice cracked 
again, and she started to cry. "I'm not going to jail, am 
I?"
	"No." he said, trying to sound soothing. This was a 
shock to everyone. Not one, but two members of the Galactic 
Council were dead. No such thing had ever happened in the 
history of the Federation. Besides that, the killer 
apparently was capable of some form of mind control. He 
looked around, and frowned. "Where are the guards?"
	The various officers present looked around for a 
moment, confused, and then the Lieutenant ordered a search 
of the house. A few minutes later, they were found. The 
three GP officers Sarnd had assigned and Nrandt's personal 
guards, all six of them, were dead. The causes of the deaths 
were varied; strangulation, knife wounds, broken necks; all 
of them could've concievably been done by the maid, if she 
were being controlled somehow. There was no real possibility 
of her having done it by herself, unless she happened to 
have been a retired member of the SIU or the "mythical" 
Special Section, which Sarnd knew to not be the case. Scans 
of the corpses revealed next to nothing; their astral 
patterns were long gone, and they had been dead long enough 
for rigor mortis to set it. After ordering full autopsies 
and so forth, Sarnd headed back to his office.
	Now two members of the Galactic Council were dead; this 
was something that had simply never happened before. 
Including Sarnd, that left four. Thus, as before, the number 
one priority was to protect the remaining ones; himself, 
Jen'nara, Kapek, and Kratan. The problem was, how the hell 
were they supposed to defend against a threat like that? 
Plain and simple, they lacked the means with which to combat 
spirit-creatures effectively. Of course, so did everyone 
else; from what he'd heard, even Juraian technology could 
not handle such things. But there was one person who he knew 
had been able to deal with them in the past...
	He activated the hovercar's communicator, and contacted 
central command. "This is Commander Sarnd. I need Doctor 
Clay to be found immediately." Maybe the little jerk would 
be useful again.

	As it turned out, Dr. Clay hadn't gone far. He had sold 
a few of his inventions to get some quick cash and was 
staying at a hotel for a few days. It was less than an hour 
later before Sarnd was talking to him on the vidphone.
	"Hello, Marshall. Allow me to offer my congratulations. 
How may I be of service?"
	Sarnd sighed. "Two members of the Galactic Council have 
been murdered so far, and we don't know how. The first was 
by some kind of bio-energy attack, and the second appears to 
have been carried out by means of mind control."
	Clay nodded and smiled. "And you want my help in 
apprehending the culprit?" He leaned back in his chair, his 
belly nearly obscuring his face. "I must say I never thought 
I'd be working for the Galaxy Police... But if there's 
sufficient money in it..."
	He nodded. "Of course. Given who the targets have been, 
even the basic reward for catching the culprit would be 
quite substantial."

	Given access to the resources of the Galaxy Police, 
Clay was able to do quite a lot. First, he insisted that the 
remaining Council members all be located in the same place, 
as it would be easier to defend. The place chosen was Prime 
Minister Jen'nara's estate, since it could easily 
accommodate the four remaining council members as well as a 
large complement of guards. Then he was quick to put 
together a surveillance system that could detect astral 
forms as well as physical ones, and to arm the commanding 
officers of the six security teams with GPLP's modified to 
incorporate a special mode that would disrupt astral forms.
	The Galactic Council met in a secure room in the 
mansion, which was decorated with Kizakan antiques.
	Jen'nara surveyed her colleagues and sighed. "The 
question is, how long can we stay like this? We can't stay 
sequestered from the public forever."
	"True," said Kapek, "but for the time being it would be 
best."
	"But how long can this thing wait?" asked Kratan. "We 
could stay bottled up in here for twenty years and then get 
knocked off the moment we stepped outside!"
	"Granted," said Sarnd, "but we've taken pains to make 
this the safest place in the galaxy. We definitely should 
stay here for the time being, at least a few weeks during 
which the investigation can proceed."
	"Allright," said Jen'nara, "if nothing happens, we'll 
stay here for a maximum of three weeks. Agreed?" The others 
nodded in assent.

	Living among the members of the Galactic Council proved 
to be a new experience for Sarnd. Part of it was just how 
relaxed they were amongst themselves. Broadcasts of official 
council and senate sessions were always highly formal 
affairs, and it was hard to imagine them simply having 
breakfast, exchanging stories, and so forth. Besides, he was 
used to living on space stations and had been at Seventh 
Headquarters for a few decades. The food along was better 
than he'd had in a long time.
	Kratan, a Kizakan/Terran hybrid, had been a GP officer 
himself before entering into politics, and Sarnd found 
himself exchanging stories with this veteran on a regular 
basis.
	After a week, their lives had fallen into a rather 
unusual routine. Finally, Jen'nara decided that they should 
do some virtual gaming. Most of the others had been into 
such games to varying degrees during their respective 
childhoods, though Sarnd, having grown up an Orbiter, one 
always on the space stations, had been particularly adept at 
these.
	The four of them sat around the den, and went through 
the virtual libraries, finally settling on a space combat 
simulation, though Sarnd was warned to go easy on them. Once 
everything was ready, they shifted in.
	Sarnd sat in his virtual space fighter. It was a 
fictional model, created specifically for the purposes of 
the game, though it showed many similarities to the Galaxy 
Police's C-23 Thunderbolt fighter. The scanners showed three 
targets, which were now variously moving. Sarnd increased 
the thrust above idle, and moved towards the others. In a 
few moments, a lightning-fast frenzy began; he was surprised 
at how skilled they proved to be, especially Jen'nara. In 
the game the object was to get as many kills as possible -- 
if you were shot down, you would reappear in a new fighter 
some distance away.
	Sarnd made a point of going about it in much the same 
way he would in real life, not that this fantasy appeared to 
be much different; the quality of the simulation was 
incredibly good.
	After around half an hour, the targeting display came 
up with a message saying "Level 2 starting now."
	He wasn't sure what that might mean, so he checked the 
sensors and, sure enough, there were four enemy fighters out 
there, just to make things more interesting. Sarnd was quick 
to move in -- the less time the simulated pilots had to 
think, the less dangerous they would be. On the approach he 
took some proton fire, but shot the enemy fighter down 
before it could do anything. Kapek and Kratan were not so 
lucky, and took hits from anti-matter missiles, their 
digital fighters going up in fractal flames. Sarnd 
dispatched another one with a quick missile volley, and 
Jen'nara blasted two at once. He wasted no time in moving 
out of her range; in this game they were still opponents.
	Kapek and Kratan's fighters reappeared nearby, but 
remained stationary. "What's going on?" he muttered, making 
a quick flyby of the two immobile craft. Suddenly, the 
scanners sounded an alert -- there was a missile on his 
tail. He tried to fire the rear guns and take evasive 
action, but it was to no avail. His reflexes told him to 
bail out, so in a fraction of a second he hit the eject 
button.
	In the game, though, this was the command to exit the 
game, and he found himself sitting in the chair again. 
Removing the VR interface, he surveyed the others, and 
realized that Kapek and Kratan were slumped in their 
respective seats. He stood up and went over to them, 
checking their vital signs. "Dead?"
	He shot a glance at Jen'nara, who had now exited the 
sim as well and was now standing up. She looked at him 
strangely. It took him a moment to realize what it was.
	Her eyes were completely covered by an inky blackness.
	And she was smiling.
	This was it. "Who are you?" he said firmly, drawing his 
GPLP.
	"I am known as Ix." she replied coldly, "And soon, your 
Galactic Federation will be my plaything, like so many 
before it."
	"You killed all of them." he said evenly, leveling the 
pistol at her.
	She nodded. "I decided to save you for last, the best 
challenge. Don't try to call for help; there is none. 
Everyone else in this place has killed one another by now."
	The LP was in the special astral mode added by Clay, so 
he fired. A blast of crackling red energy shot out of the 
barrel and struck Jen'nara squarely. It was as though the 
being that inhabited her -- a great, amorphous black thing 
with a vaguely female form -- was slammed backwards, forced 
out of the Prime Minister's body.
	Ix stood up, then hovered. "Fool. You can do more than 
annoy me with that little toy."
	Sarnd quickly considered his options. This being was 
not likely to hold back its attack very much, and would 
surely kill him eventually if not immediately. He was armed 
only with the pistol, but there should be some heavier 
armaments around the mansion, and he knew exactly what to 
use. He made a quick dash out of the room.
	The GP power suit was a large bulky thing, usually 
purple or red in color (this one was the latter), which was 
quite menacing with its cyclopean targeting scanner and 
surprisingly quick and mobile because of its jet thruster 
system. Further, it packed as much firepower as a small 
fighter. Sarnd found one in the improvised armory they had 
set up, and quickly slipped into it, brining all systems on-
line.
	[Author's Note: This is the same power suit seen in the 
first episode of the TV series.]
	By the time he had done this, Ix had already glided 
into the room. He raised the proton cannon, a massive 
carried weapon, and fired. Streams of charged particles 
riddled the creature, but it seemed unaffected. That left 
only one option -- the other reason he had chosen to use the 
power suit -- escape. He kicked in the VTOL thrusters, spun 
around, and rocketed through the wall. Ix was quick to give 
chase, seemingly growing wings for the purpose of flying 
after him. After maneuvering through the corridors of the 
mansion for a few minutes, he burst through a wall of glass 
and into the night sky of Kazak, hitting the afterburners as 
he did so.
	The first priority of a Galaxy Police officer was to 
capture the criminal if at all possible. Unless they could 
set up a subspace containment net, though, that seemed an 
unlikely prospect, given that the only place where such 
equipment was stored had been Seventh Headquarters. That 
left only one option; annihilation of the thing. But how to 
do that? If a proton cannon burst was insufficient...
	Sarnd activated the suit's communicator. "Marshall 
Sarnd to Central Command, do you read me?"
	"Affirmative." said the tech on the other end.
	"I need a satellite strike. I have identified the being 
that killed the various Council members, and it is extremely 
dangerous, Class 2 at least."
	"Yes sir! Please give current coordinates; it will take 
at least ten minutes for targeting scanners to identify and 
track target."
	He listed off his current position and course heading, 
as it appeared on the suit's HUD.
	"So," Ix's voice rang out in his mind, "calling for 
help, are we? A mere satellite weapon is not sufficient. I 
am Ix, born of the same black hole that Kain sprang from!"
	So, he was dealing with Kain's "sister." If that was 
so, he would likely have a far worse threat on his hands 
than he'd first thought.
	"Feel my rage!"
	Suddenly, blasts of energy ebony energy shot out at 
him. He rolled and spun, weaving his way around them, but 
took a few hits anyway. Frustrated, he spun around to face 
her, and held down the trigger of the proton cannon, firing 
off a the suit's payload of missiles as well for good 
measure.
	"Sir!" said the same tech as before over the commlink, 
"Satellite strike standing by!"
	"Fire."
	A stream of white-hot energy came down from the 
heavens, like an act of the gods, and struck Ix squarely, 
surrounding her with blazing white light for a few seconds. 
When it ended, however, she was more or less intact, only 
more angry.
	He had to think. That was how a GP officer got things 
done; brute force was useful, but there was always someone 
who had more of it, as was the case here. Even a sat strike 
had failed to harm her. But there was one thing that nothing 
in the cosmos could withstand -- antimatter. He could need 
an amount of antimatter equal to at least one fifth of her 
mass, probably, to generate that kind of destructive power. 
When matter and antimatter met, a mutual annihilation would 
occur, obliterating both and converting both into incredible 
amounts of energy. The only place on Kazak to get 
antimatter, though was in a reactor, and the only M/AM 
reactor on the planet was located at the heart of the 
capitol.
	He changed his course, and headed straight for it, 
soaring high over the countless buildings. It was 
unmistakable -- everyone in the Federation knew about this 
reactor, that generated roughly 60% of the power for the 
entire world. There was simply no time for pleasantries. He 
crashed through the front doors and soared along the 
hallways, until he found his way to the antimatter storage 
facility. Once there, he shot open the door -- a dangerous 
prospect at best, and stepped inside. There there were 
dozens of hexagonal containers, each labeled with the words, 
"CAUTION ANTIMATTER." Each one would contain the antimatter, 
prevented from contact with normal matter by both vacuum 
sealing and magnetic containment.
	He picked one up -- it would be more than sufficient -- 
and headed out, taking a rear entrance, since Ix had likely 
entered the facility as well. When he exited, there was no 
sign of her, so he would have at least a few moments to 
gather his wits.
	The AM container was tightly sealed to be sure, and was 
designed to release its contents only when attached to the 
reactor. He could see only one way to go about this, and it 
wasn't too appealing.
	"What are you planning now?"
	He spun around, boosting backwards a little. Ix had 
come up behind him.
	"You're only making this harder on yourself. And more 
fun for me."
	Sarnd frowned. Now was the moment of truth. "Here, 
catch." he said, throwing the container at her. To his 
surprise, she caught it; somehow, he'd thought she wouldn't 
fall for something like that, but then, it was entirely 
possible that she couldn't read Standard. He jetted back 
until he was on the edge of the range of the proton gun, and 
fired.

	Not the first time, Sarnd came to on a hospital bed. 
This time, though Prime Minister Jen'nara was standing over 
him.
	"Nice to see you're awake."
	He sat up, and ran his hands down his face, feeling an 
odd sense of deja vu. "What happened?"
	"Well... you certainly destroyed the thing. You also 
irradiated a ten kilometer radius. Fortunately, we have the 
technology to deal with such things, which is good, since 
otherwise you'd be in the process of dying a rather painful 
death right now."
	Sarnd rolled his eyes. "I'm glad you came here to make 
me feel better." he said sarcastically.
	She grinned in a way that was downright childish. 
"You're welcome. You should be getting out of here in a day 
or so. In the meantime, you've been officially given the 
title of Grand Marshall, and your first job is to supervise 
the planning for the construction of Eighth Headquarters. 
You've got a lot of work ahead of you. As do we all."

------------------------------------------------------------ 
by Ewen "Ryoga" Cluney (ryoga_hibiki@hotmail.com) 
Tenchi Muyo! Universe Home Page: 
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/6127/Tenchi.html 
 
Beware of pandas carrying signs.
------------------------------------------------------------


