Tenchi Muyo! Universe #1
Kurata's Story
by Ewen "Ryoga" Cluney

DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki and the characters, places, 
etc. therein are trademarks of AIC/Pioneer LDC; this work is not 
intended to be a challenge to any such ownership, and may be 
distributed freely, in unmodified form.

     Author's Note: Kurata is a section chief in the Galaxy 
Police, and Mihoshi's direct superior. He appears in episode #4 
of the OAV series, and again briefly in episodes 7 and 13. Need-
less to say, he is a very minor character (I had to make up the 
name and background myself). This story (well, vignette) is about 
the unusual circumstances that led him to joining the GP.

------------------------------------------------------------------

     The sun was setting on Malkin IV, casting long shadows and 
filling the sky with a fantastic array of colors from all across 
the spectrum. In the streets of the city of Natel, people walked 
or drove home from work or school in the waning sunlight.
     As for Kurata, he walked. This was partly because the place 
he worked, a small manufacturing plant, was less than a kilometer 
from his apartment. He walked along the street, humming no tune 
in particular to no one in particular. Today had been a nice day, 
however repetitive.
     Kurata stopped at a street corner, and that was when he 
noticed her. A Juraian woman, blue hair and all, was walking down 
the street. She was finely dressed, meaning she was either 
wealthy or a member of the Royal Family, either of which was hard 
to believe given that this was Malkin IV. Kurata proceeded across 
the street, failing not to stare at her. He walked towards home, 
but she seemed to be headed in approximately the same direction, 
and as such was in front of him for some time, during which he 
tried to figure out just who she could be and what she might be 
doing here.
     When he was not too far from home, she suddenly turned 
around, and glared at him with her wide, pink eyes. "Hey, you!"
     Kurata stopped short, and pointed at himself. "Me?"
     She nodded, angrily. "Why are you following me?"
     "But I-I wasn't, I was just-"
     "Stop beating around the bush! Just tell me why!"
     Kurata took off his hat, out of habit, and held it by his 
chest, as though the small fabric headpiece could be used to 
shield him in an emergency. "But ma'am, I was just-"
     She suddenly held her face in her hands. "I've been so 
scared! I-I..."
     "I'm sorry if I've troubled you, miss, but-"
     Out of nowhere, she flung her arms around him and started 
sobbing, whimpering apologies.
     Not sure how to react, Kurata waited a moment, and patted 
her on the back. "Are... are you all right miss?"
     She looked up at him, and stepped back a little. "I'm sorry. 
I've just been so caught up since my dear girls went away."
     Kurata sighed. It was a good thing he wasn't married. 
"That's too bad. Um..." he looked down a moment, and then looked 
at her again. "May I ask your name?"
     "Oh, yes! I'm sorry; I'm Masaki. What's your name, young 
man?"
     "Kurata." he managed.
     Masaki stepped back, and smiled. "Tell me, Kurata, what do 
you do for a living?"
     Because he was so surprised at the question, it took him a 
moment to answer. "I work at a hovercar factory; I maintain the 
exterior painting robots."
     She looked him over, as though evaluating him for something. 
Kurata never dwelled on his appearance, which was quite average. 
He had brown hair, was of average height, and was a little bit 
overweight. He was wearing a typical computer tech's outfit, a 
white shirt, black pants, and a black vest, with a small black 
cap that he was holding in his hands. "Do you like your job?"
     He was certainly curious as to why she was asking him about 
this sort of thing, but didn't have the courage to ask directly. 
"Well, no. Not really. It's pretty tedious."
     Masaki spread her arms in joy. "Then it's settled!" She 
wrapped her arms around him again, this time squeezing hard 

enough to force all of the air out of his lungs. By the time she 
let go, he guessed he had turned red, if not blue.
     As he recovered, she grabbed his hand, and began running 
down the street. Kurata was hard pressed to keep up, and never 
did catch his breath enough to ask her just what she was talking 
about. After a few minutes of frenzied running through the 
streets of Natel, they came to a street corner, where she finally 
stopped.
     "Now," said Kurata, breathing heavily, "what..."
     He stopped trying to make sense of everything when a Juraian 
ship suddenly hovered overhead, and both he and Masaki demateri-
alized, reappearing in its forested interior. Like most of the 
inhabitants of the universe, he had never been inside such a ship 
before, having only heard rumors about them. They were supposed 
to actually be trees of some sort, and among the most powerful 
spacecraft in the galaxy.
     "Here we are." said Masaki, smiling in that way she had of 
doing. It was like someone who was absolutely certain everything 
was just fine even though the truth of the matter was actually 
the exact opposite.
     Another woman in Juraian dress came out to greet them. This 
woman, however, was Terran.
     "Funaho, this is Kurata." said Masaki. She then looked at 
Kurata. "Kurata, this is my sister, Funaho."
     "Um, hello." he managed.
     Funaho smiled. "Hello, Kurata. Did Masaki explain why she 
brought you here?"
     Masaki smiled and nodded. Kurata sighed. "Well, not... not 
completely." One other thing was nagging at the back of his mind; 
the names Masaki and Funaho sounded awfully familiar.
     Funaho motioned to a nearby table, composed of a wooden 
disc, which hovered in mid-air with no readily apparent means of 
support. The three of them sat down. Kurata, quite nervous, 
couldn't help tapping his fingers on the table.
     "Well then, I'll explain it to you. Planet Jurai and the 
Galaxy Police have long been allies, but even so each has secrets 
to keep from the other. What we need is a member of the Galaxy 
Police who can watch sensitive areas, and pass along important 
information to us."
     "But..." Kurata was getting confused by all of this. "Why... 
why me? I'm not a member of the GP; I just program paint sprayers 
all day."
     Funaho looked at Masaki, apparently a bit angry. Kurata had 
suspected that his being brought here was a mistake, especially 
given the almost childlike manner in which Masaki behaved. Funaho 
collected herself, and turned to him.
     "That's not a problem; we have the means to get you into the 
Galaxy Police force without much trouble."

     Kurata looked at the wooden surface of the table and sighed. 
All he ever wanted out of life was a nice, stable job and maybe a 
family. Now some Juraian woman wanted him to join the Galaxy 
Police. "I'm not sure I-"
     "You can do it!" Masaki chimed in.
     "You won't have to ever even get into combat, beyond basic 
weapons training. We need you to be at a desk anyway."
     "Well... I, um..."
     Masaki's eyes suddenly became watery, and she smiled hope-
fully. "You'll do it for me, won't you Kurata?"
     He hated be made to feel obligated to do something, but it 
seemed he had little choice. Amongst other things, he was sitting 
in the middle of a Juraian ship, which could probably easily 
level the city in a matter of minutes if it wanted. "Well, all-
right." It was hard for him to imagine himself in a uniform, but 
he suspected he would have little choice but to get used to it.


------------------------------------------------------------------
by Ewen "Ryoga" Cluney (ryoga_hibiki@hotmail.com)
Tenchi Muyo! Universe Home Page:
http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/6127/tenchi.html

Beware of pandas carrying signs.
----------------------------------------------------------------
--
