Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the story that belong to me are the ones I 
made up, other than that I don't own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after Tenchi Forever.







To Rule Or To Love
Epilogue


Ryoko sat on a beach in Tokyo, her sunglasses reflecting the setting sun. Six months 
earlier, she would have thought this impossible for her to own, but as she sat on that 
beach, she was as calm as ever. 

Ryoko's answer, which the Prime Minister Milos predicted, ended up being a flaw for the 
Prime Minister.

Sure, there were many assassins and half of the Velsan people were cooperating with 
them, but Ryoko had the last laugh. She didn't even need to kill Milos because without 
his little assassins, he was powerless to her and finally went mad. Ryoko had killed off all 
of his little assassins and had managed to salvage all of the people whom she cared for. In 
the end, Milos was incarcerated and Ryoko placed her old bodyguard Adrian as the new 
Prime Minister of Velsa. She had told him to run things in her place and to let her know 
how things were progressing. Marcos was appointed as the new Captain of the Guards 
and was more than happy to take the position. Overall, things had worked out well.

In Japan, Ryoko and Tenchi had rented out an apartment in Tokyo near the beach. Washu 
visited them very often and babysat Hisui whenever Ryoko and Tenchi went out. Ryoko 
and Tenchi did drive to Okayama to visit Nobuyuki and Yosho. Nobuyuki was more than 
happy to see his granddaughter and Yosho was just happy to see them in general. 

In space, Nagi had gone back to being a bounty hunter. She had promised Ryoko, 
however, to visit her whenever she could. Mihoshi and Kiyone had finally gotten their 
old jobs at Headquarters back and this time, they wanted to keep them. They, however, 
wouldn't stop visiting Earth on their vacations.

Ayeka and Sasami had decided to remain on Earth with their bodyguards. Sasami still 
cooked for everyone and Ayeka helped out with the chores as usual. However, whenever 
Ryoko came around the Masaki residence, there was no peace for the television remote 
control. Ryoko and Sasami had also made a schedule of trading turns with Ryo-Ohki. 
They both took care of her and Hisui had also grown attached to the little cabbit.

In the overall scheme of things, Ryoko's answer gave her the happiness that she had been 
looking for so long in the most ironic way.




End




A/N: And this concludes my Tenchi saga. I hope that you've all enjoyed it! Now, I'm 
gonna continue all of my other stories. Ja!   


