Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the 
story that belong to me are the ones I made up, other than that I don't 
own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after 
Tenchi Forever.




To Rule Or To Love
Chapter Two



Ryoko looked out of one of the large windows in the ship that her royal 
guards came in. She was admiring the stars. She loved them, shining 
bright in a dark velvety sky. She then diverted her gaze from the stars 
and thought of Tenchi. She loved him, there was no doubt in her heart 
about that, but she couldn't be with him. She cursed the damn Velsan 
people for being so prejudice. She really wanted to know if he loved 
her the same way she loved him, but then her thoughts went to Ayeka. 
Ayeka was going to end up marrying Tenchi and there was nothing that 
she could do about it. She then heard footsteps and when she looked to 
her left, she saw Tenchi standing right next to her looking out of the 
window as well. She was about ready to walk away when Tenchi grabbed 
one of her arms. She looked at him confused, but didn't make any effort 
to push him away.

"I need to talk to you Ryoko," he started. Ryoko just nodded her head 
and let him speak.

"I understand that you are taking the throne to make your parents 
proud, but what about your own happiness?" he asked.

Ryoko took a deep breath and sighed. "I have nothing to keep me on 
Earth anymore Tenchi. You were the only reason I stayed and since I 
can't be with you, what's the point?!"

Tenchi didn't know what to say. One of his best friends was leaving 
him, if not his only best friend, and not only that, she thought that 
he was in love with Ayeka! He didn't know whom he loved between the two 
girls, but all he knew was that he cared about both of them deeply and 
did not want to hurt either one. He looked at the sad expression on 
Ryoko's face. He wanted to help her, but at this point, he didn't know 
how.

"Ryoko, what did you mean when you said that we couldn't be together?" 
he asked.

"Oh Tenchi, don't you get it?! My parents were both killed because my 
mother married a Juraian! How would my people feel if I were married to 
you? Huh? We would probably get killed if we were. My people are 
prejudice about that sort of thing. They believe that people from our 
planet should marry people from our planet," she finished.

Tenchi still didn't get it. Ryoko would never let anyone or anything 
get in the way of something she believed in. She was usually a very 
strong woman. Why in God's name was she acting like this? Tenchi 
examined her closely. It was like he was looking at a completely 
different person, not his best friend. She did look beautiful though, 
almost like angel in his opinion, but the whole royal outfit didn't 
suit her. He was used to her being a warrior and a tough space pirate 
who never let anything get in her way. He wasn't used to the demure and 
royal Ryoko presented to him right now. Another thing that was strange 
was that she hadn't tried to seduce him during the whole trip, but she 
actually kept her distance from him. That sparked curiosity in the 
young Juraian Prince.

"Hey, Ryoko? You haven't tried to seduce me once during this whole 
trip. Is something wrong?" he asked, trying desperately to make 
conversation with her. She just gave him a solemn look.

"It wouldn't be proper. Women of my race and station must remain 
virgins until they are married. They are not even allowed to kiss a man 
until they are married," she stated.

Tenchi looked at her stunned. "Does that mean that you're a.you're a."

"Yes, Tenchi, it does," she said plainly. "I know that by the way I 
acted before someone would assume that I wasn't, but I was just letting 
out a lot of built up energy that I had bottled up over the years. You 
are the first man that I have ever loved."

"But, you've kissed me. Doesn't that mean that you've kind of broken 
the law?" he asked.

Ryoko gave him a weak smirk. "As I said, bottled up energy that needed 
to be used as quickly as possible." At that, Ryoko turned away from him 
again. 

Tenchi's left hand touched her right shoulder. She didn't look at him 
though. She just kept on looking out the window that was in front of 
her. She wanted to be with him desperately, but she restrained herself 
from hugging him.

"Ryoko, please look at me," Tenchi pleaded. She reluctantly complied 
and turned her face towards his to find that their faces were only a 
few centimeters apart. 

Ryoko held a trance like gaze with Tenchi. Ryoko didn't even notice 
that Tenchi's arms had wrapped themselves around her waist. Their heads 
just kept on inching closer and closer together. Ryoko and Tenchi 
closed their eyes at the same time and just when they were about to 
kiss for a second time.

"Princess Ryoko" a loud, boisterous voice called out. Ryoko groaned 
inwardly as she heard him call again. She could have sworn that the 
voice belonged to Marcos. A few minutes later she found out that she 
was right.

"Princess Ryoko!" Marcos called out again.

"Yes!" she replied.

"We've arrived at our destination," he said.

Ryoko took a deep breath and looked at Tenchi. He was obviously still 
startled at what almost occurred between the two of them, but he gave 
Ryoko a warm and reassuring smile. He took her hand and escorted her 
out of the ship.

Once they were inside the palace, Tenchi looked at his surroundings in 
awe. "Wow, this place sure is nice."

The outside of the palace was all white. It looked like a Russian 
castle in its design with its large frame and high towers. White, 
marble braids decorated each tower in a swirling motion. The inside of 
the palace, however, was a different story. 

The inside of the palace had a long swirling staircase in pink marble. 
All of the walls were pure gold with the designs of red roses on them. 
The ceiling looked similar to that of the Sistine Chapel. There were no 
angels on it, but paintings of Velsan woman dressed in medieval style 
gowns. The floor was made of pure silk and thick velvet. Anybody could 
easily fall asleep on a Velsan floor. The floor was braided and at each 
end of it were tiny, satin, golden tassels. On the rest of the ceiling 
were designs of dark blue swirling clouds and stars, which were 
designed with real white diamonds.

Tenchi kept on looking at the room in awe, while Ryoko had left 
discreetly. 

The minute Ryoko got to her room, she shut the door behind her. She 
didn't want anyone to disturb her. 

Ryoko sat down at her old dresser and looked at herself in the mirror. 
She took off the silver crown that was holding the bun she had in her 
hair in place. Once the crown was off, her hair was let down. At that 
moment her hair wasn't in its usual wild, spiky mane, but it was let 
down loose to her back in flowing waves. She had always like her hair 
like that even though she never wanted to admit it. She took off her 
cape and draped it around the chair she was sitting on. She kicked off 
her shoes and took off her jewelry as well. She was starting to look 
more like her normal self. She kept her dress on though as she slipped 
on a pair of white slippers. 

Ryoko hadn't felt this pampered in a long time. This was probably the 
only thing she liked about going home and ascending to the throne. She 
sighed and as she was about ready to go to bed she heard a knock on the 
door.

"Who is it?" she inquired.

"It's me, Tenchi. Can I come in?" he asked.

"Well." she hesitated. 'Should I really let him in? What if he tries to 
convince me to go back to Earth and we get into a big argument? I hope 
not, but you can never tell. However, I'm gonna give him the benefit of 
the doubt and let him in. It might not be.so bad.'

"Come on in, Tenchi," she said, finally.

Tenchi entered Ryoko's room. He noticed that the room was elaborately 
decorated. It reminded him of the downstairs room he had just left. He 
also saw that Ryoko had made herself more comfortable, but still left 
her white gown on. He walked up to her and looked at her full in the 
face.

"So, you are most surely staying here?" he asked.

"Yes," she replied.

"But you do promise to come visit Earth whenever you're not busy 
though, right?" he asked.

"Of course I will," she replied once more.

Tenchi looked defeated. There was no way he could convince his best 
friend to come back home with him. He turned away from her when.

"Wait!" she said.

Tenchi turned around and saw her pain stricken face. He walked up to 
her again and this time hugged her fiercely. She hugged him back as she 
savored the warmth of his embrace. She never wanted to let him go, but 
she knew that she had to. She pulled away abruptly and stood a few good 
feet away from Tenchi. She looked at his face and saw that he was hurt. 
She collapsed to the ground sobbing.

"I'm sorry, Tenchi! Oh so sorry!" she wailed. 

Tenchi just looked at the crying girl as he felt more anguish build up 
in his heart. He knelt down next to her and took her left hand in his 
right one. She looked up at him with her tear stained face, which in 
turn shattered Tenchi's heart even more. He embraced her again, but 
then he realized that their faces were extraordinarily close. His heart 
was racing as a turmoil of emotions swept through him. He cupped her 
face in his hands and kissed her passionately.

Ryoko was shocked and confused by this, but she just complied and 
kissed back. She felt weak at the knees as he kissed her. She had 
dreamt of this moment, but it was coming true at the wrong time. They 
had kissed that one time at the Masaki residence, but she was the one 
who had made the first move, not him and that was what shocked her. 

She was enjoying the kiss and the closeness. At the moment she felt 
their tongues join each other, she deepened the kiss even further. She 
also felt Tenchi's hands roam about her body feverishly and 
desperately. She knew that she was falling backwards because of the 
passion that they were ensuing as they were kissing. Once she felt her 
back was to the ground, Tenchi broke away with an upset look on his 
face.

"Oh God, Ryoko, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to do that, it just 
happened," he said, now thoroughly ashamed about his recent actions 
towards Ryoko. 

"No! Don't apologize for it Tenchi. I enjoyed it, very much. I also 
wouldn't mind doing it again, but tell me why you did it," she 
demanded.

"I honestly don't know why I did it, Ryoko. As I said before, it just 
happened. I guess I just got caught up in the moment and lost myself to 
instinct. Again, I'm sorry," he said sadly. He then got up and exited 
her room.

Ryoko was sitting on the floor and crying. 'Why! Damn him! Why did he 
have to go and make me believe that he's in love with me for a second 
time in one day?! How could he?!' Ryoko was so tired that she cried 
herself to sleep on the floor.

Tenchi sat on the edge of the bed in one of the guest quarters and 
looked down at the floor shamefully. 'What was I thinking? She probably 
hates me now and it's my entire fault! I don't even know if I love her 
or not. Argh! Why do these things have to be so damn difficult?! Why 
can't I choose a girl and be completely done with it? Nope, I have to 
always be the compassionate type, never wanting to hurt the other 
person. Well, that's going to change as soon as possible!' He fell back 
on the bed and closed his eyes. He was exhausted from the flight and 
needed to rest.

Back on Earth at the Masaki residence, everyone was worried if Tenchi 
and Ryoko had arrived to Velsa safely.

"Do you think that they made it there unharmed?" Ayeka asked Washu. 
"The space around Velsa is very dangerous."

Washu sipped her tea. "I know, but I don't think that anybody would be 
foolish enough to attack a Velsan craft, unless they know how to beat 
the combination of Velsan and Juraian power."

"I see, so they should be safe then?" asked Ayeka.

"Fairly safe, in my opinion," Washu answered.

"Miss Washu." Ayeka started, but then Washu gave her a glare from the 
fiery pits of hell. Ayeka gulped and tried again. "Little Washu?"

Washu beamed a smile at her. "Yes, Ayeka?"

"Why do you seem so worried about Ryoko's well being?" asked Ayeka.

Washu sighed. "Truth?"

Ayeka nodded. "Yes, please."

"I want you to keep this a secret, Ayeka. I will tell Ryoko and 
everybody else about this when I feel that the time is right," said 
Washu.

"I promise not to utter a word of what you are about to tell me," swore 
Ayeka.

"Alright, I am Ryoko's aunt on her mother's side," Washu revealed.

"Why haven't you said anything about this before and why do you still 
want to keep it a secret?" asked a surprised Ayeka.

"Because I didn't want to scare her. I love Ryoko. She's almost like a 
daughter to me and her mother was the best sister I could ever ask for. 
Ryoko is a lot like her," said Washu with a wistful smile.

"Why don't you adopt her then, if you're as fond of her as you say you 
are," Ayeka pointed out.

"It's not as easy as it sounds, Ayeka. There are a lot of documents 
that I would have to go through, besides, what if Ryoko doesn't feel 
the same way?" asked Washu.

"If you're her aunt, then why do you have to go through so much red 
tape? Besides, about Ryoko feeling the same way, you'll never know 
unless you ask her," said Ayeka.

"I have to go through all that red tape because she's royalty and I'm 
not, even though we are related," Washu explained.

Ayeka looked confused. "I don't think that I understand you quite 
clearly. Aren't you royalty because your sister was the Empress of 
Velsa?"

Washu shook her head no. "I'm afraid not, Ayeka. I was banned from 
Velsa, so with that, my title was taken away as well."

Ayeka looked at Washu with a shocked look on her face. "How could this 
have happened?"

"I broke some of the major Velsan laws. The one that got me banned, 
though, was the one that said that I could not be intimate with a man 
before marriage. This includes kissing," explained Washu.

"So that's what happened!" exclaimed Ayeka.

Washu nodded. "Exactly. The only way that I can be permitted back onto 
Velsa is if when Ryoko becomes the ruler, she gives me back my title 
and my Velsan citizenship."

"Does Ryoko at least know that you are Velsan?" asked Ayeka.

"She should know. All female Velsans have cat-like eyes and spiky hair, 
just like Ryoko and I!" said Washu.

"Really? I never knew that," said Ayeka.

"Who's the first Velsan girl you've ever met?" Washu asked.

"Ryoko was the first and then you, but I didn't know that you were, but 
now that you've told me that bit of information, it actually makes 
sense," said Ayeka. "Tell me something though. The guards that came 
here to pick up Ryoko, why didn't they recognize you and vice verse?"

"Because I've never met them alongside the fact that they are Ryoko's 
guards," answered Washu.

"Washu, if your Ryoko's aunt, then how come she didn't recognize you 
when we released you from the cave?" asked Ayeka.

"That's because we never met," said Washu.

"Huh?" said a confused Ayeka.

"You see, I was banned from Velsa before she was born," Washu replied.

"Then how did you know about Ryoko?" asked Ayeka, still confused.

"I told my sister where I would be if she ever wanted to contact me. We 
were still as close as ever, even though I was exiled from the planet. 
I told her that I would be staying at the Royal Science Academy. She 
actually chuckled at me when I said that. She knew that science had 
always been my one true love in life, so she wasn't very surprised when 
I told her about that,"

"That sounds like you," Ayeka chuckled.

"Anyway, on the day that Ryoko was born, I received news about her. I 
also received a picture of her. She had a full head of hair when she 
was born. She looked just like her mother and still does. It took all 
of the strength in me not to hug her when I saw her after I was 
released from the cave," said Washu.

"Just one thing. You said that you were trapped inside that cave for 
seven hundred years. How could you have received the news about Ryoko 
if she was born in 1979?" asked Ayeka.

"All Velsans whom are related to each other share a telepathic link 
with each other. I had to contact her mother via my link to tell her 
that I was imprisoned and to contact me by our link only," said Washu. 

"So she told you through the link about Ryoko's birth. What about the 
visual of Ryoko?" asked Ayeka.

"Telepathic links aren't only verbal, they are visual as well. We can 
actually see the pictures, which form in the other person's mind," said 
Washu.

"I see," said Ayeka. "So, do you think that Ryoko will give you 
permission to be a citizen of Velsa again?"

Washu shrugged. "I don't know. Until I tell her about who I am in 
relation to her, it will still remain a lost cause, but once I do tell 
her, it will be all up to her whether she wants me in her life or not."

Back on Velsa, in the royal palace's main hall, the two royal guards, 
Marcos and Adrian were conversing with each other about petty matters 
until they heard a loud knock at the palace door.

"Who do you think that could be at this hour?" asked Marcos.

"I don't know, so let's go find out," replied Adrian.

Both guards approached the door and opened it only to find the Prime 
Minister of Velsa standing there. They both bowed before him.

"There will be no need for that. I am here on business. Now, where is 
the Princess?" he asked.

"She is upstairs in her bedroom resting," replied Marcos.

"Oh. I will tell you two about it then," said the Prime Minister.

"Tell us what?" asked Adrian.

"I was at a formal meeting with the Velsan Council. In their opinion, 
Princess Ryoko should marry at least two weeks after she ascends to the 
throne," said the Prime Minister.

"WHAT!" exclaimed the two guards in unison.

"I know that this must be shocking news to the both of you, but the 
decision has been made and she must marry," he said. "Is there anyone 
that is of her preference?"

"Not to our knowledge. We know very little about Princess Ryoko's love 
life," said Marcos.

"What about that young man that helped escort her here? She seemed 
fairly fond of him when I saw them together earlier," said the Prime 
Minister.

"But he has Terran and Juraian blood! You know that the people here 
will never accept that!" exclaimed Marcos.

"Ah! But that's only if they find out. He doesn't need to be seen in 
public all the time and I can just tell the people that he's Velsan 
just like us. They'll believe what I say," replied the Prime Minister.

"So you're telling us that you will arrange a marriage between the 
two?" asked Adrian.

"That is exactly what I'm saying," confirmed the Prime Minister. "Oh, 
what is the young man's name?"

"Tenchi Masaki and the current heir to the throne of Jurai," replied 
Adrian.

"The heir to Jurai is here?!" the Prime Minister asked incredulously.

"Yes, but it isn't known throughout the entire galaxy that Jurai has a 
male heir. Besides, I don't think that he wants the throne," said 
Marcos.

The Prime Minister sighed in relief. "Very well. I will arrange this 
marriage in a few days if they haven't gotten close to each other by 
then. I want you to make sure that they spend every possible minute 
together, is this order clear?" asked the Prime Minister.

"Crystal," replied the two royal guards in unison.

"Good," and with that, the Prime Minister left the palace. Marcos and 
Adrian looked at each other and shrugged.

"Who's gonna tell them?" asked Marcos.

"Well, I'm not going to do it," replied Adrian. Marcos looked at him 
coldly.

"Fine, I'll do it," said a defeated and very upset Marcos.

Adrian smiled at him. "Of course you will. You'll be perfect for that 
job!"

"I don't think that they're awake right now. Let's begin these plans 
tomorrow," said Marcos.

"Ah, I believe you mean that you will begin these plans tomorrow," said 
Adrian smugly.

"Don't make me kill you," said an exasperated Marcos.

"Just trying to cheer you up," replied Adrian.

"Uh huh, and just how are you cheering me up?" asked a skeptical 
Marcos.

"By not gloating in front of you that I don't have to go through with 
what you have to," said Adrian.

"Oh shut up," Marcos muttered.

Adrian did not hear Marcos' last comment. Instead he walked up the 
stairs to his room. "I am going to bed now. Goodnight!"

Marcos paid no attention to the other guard, instead he pondered of how 
he was going to break this news to Tenchi and Ryoko. He knew that Ryoko 
would probably be overjoyed, but he wasn't too sure about Tenchi. He 
could tell that Tenchi cared about Ryoko a great deal, but he didn't 
know just how far his feelings ran towards her. Marcos had finally 
decided to stop thinking for that night and go to bed. 

In the middle of the night, sobbing coming from Ryoko's room awakened 
Tenchi. He walked out his room and knocked on Ryoko's door. He didn't 
understand why she was crying and at that hour! When he received no 
response on her end, he walked into the room and found Ryoko bleeding 
from the head. His face held a look of horror on it as he rushed to her 
side.

"Who did this, Ryoko?!" he cried out.

"I don't know. It was a man and he had a black mask covering his face. 
I couldn't tell who it was under it. I'm scared, Tenchi!" she cried as 
she clung onto him for life support. He held her and tried to soothe 
her as she cried even more than before. 

Tenchi looked around for something to clean the wound on top of Ryoko's 
head. He then saw a small water basin in her room and a wash towel. He 
placed Ryoko gently on the floor, picked up the wash towel and soaked 
it in the water basin. Once the wash towel was soaked with water, he 
brought it to Ryoko's head and slowly dried off the blood. This caused 
her to cry even more because of the stinging and once he was done, he 
placed the wash towel in the water basin. He knelt down next to a 
weeping Ryoko and tried soothe her again. Once she had finished crying 
she looked up into his eyes. She felt like repeating an earlier 
incident that occurred between them. She decided not to think and 
kissed him. 

Tenchi could feel the pressure on his mouth become extremely intense. 
He kissed back just as intensely, pouring his whole soul into that one 
kiss. He hands began to roam her body and her hands mirrored his 
motions. They both got up off of the ground, still kissing, but now 
standing.

Ryoko then pulled away from the kiss and looked at Tenchi hungrily. She 
wanted him to make love to her right there and then. She pulled off her 
robe, which revealed her long, white dress from earlier. She moved 
towards him, kissing him again, savagely. These were emotions that she 
had wanted to let out of her for so long, but every single distraction 
at the Masaki residence, prevented her from doing so. She began to 
unbutton Tenchi's shirt and once she was done with that, she removed it 
from him and threw it on the ground. Before she could do anything, 
Tenchi had scooped her up in his arms and brought her towards the bed. 
He placed her down gently as he brought himself on top of her. She felt 
his eyes burn deep into hers as they started to kiss again.

'Oh God, what am I doing?! This feels so wrong, yet so right! Ryoko's 
supposed to be my best friend, not my lover, yet I want to be with her 
and her only. Could this mean.' Tenchi's thoughts trailed off as he 
opened his mouth to speak.

"I love you, Ryoko," he said, simply.

Ryoko looked up at him happily. She reached up and kissed him, while he 
lifted her up to undo the zipper in the back of her dress. Once the 
dress was unzipped, he found that Ryoko was indeed wearing 
undergarments. He removed her bra carefully and then Ryoko pressed her 
bare chest up against his own. He didn't even turn red when that 
happened. He held her hands in both of his and looked deeply into her 
eyes. He then removed his hands from hers and wrapped both of his arms 
around her waist. She held him as well as she rested her head upon his 
chest. Ryoko then pushed herself away from Tenchi and stood up on the 
bed. She motioned him to stand up as well and after he did, Ryoko 
removed his pants and boxers. She in turn removed her panties, laid 
back down on the bed and Tenchi followed her. They started kissing 
again as they proceeded to make love.

Tenchi looked down at his beloved. "Ryoko, you know that this will 
hurt, right?"

Ryoko winced at what he was referring to. "Yes, and I'm scared."

Tenchi smiled at her. "There's no need to be afraid. I'll be with you 
all the way, ok?"

Ryoko nodded. "Okay."

Tenchi looked at her questionably. "Are you ready, now?"

Ryoko nodded once more as Tenchi positioned himself over her, in order 
for them to make love.

Ryoko had her legs spread and wrapped around Tenchi's waist as he slid 
into her, breaking her virgin barrier. Ryoko let out a yelp of pain 
when that happened, but fortunately for her, she didn't bleed much.

"Did it hurt?" he asked.

"A little," she admitted.

Tenchi looked at the spot of blood under her. "Do you want me to clean 
that off now or later?"

Ryoko looked to where he was gesturing to and said, "Later."

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Yes," she replied.

"Do you want me to continue?" he asked her.

Ryoko nodded as he pushed in and out of her. The pain was quickly 
fading away and soon enough, she was moaning and crying, basking in the 
pleasure that was so completely unknown to her body. 

They were both panting and their bodies were becoming sweaty and as 
soon as their love making subsided, Tenchi fell on top of Ryoko, 
exhausted from what just transpired. Ryoko ran her fingers through his 
short black hair and then pulled her blanket over them. She sighed 
contentedly; knowing that Tenchi loved her. One thing worried her 
though. She was worried about what might happen if she and Tenchi 
married. She then decided that thinking about that was useless when she 
was as tired as she was. She fell asleep with a smile on her face, 
hoping that the day would bring as much joy as that night had.




A/N: If anybody thought Tenchi was OOC towards the end, let me explain. 
Human instinct was what played a very large role in his part. Besides, 
I don't care how strong his will is, he would have not been able to 
stop himself this time, in my opinion. He's also much older than he was 
before, so he can be allowed to act a little more grown up. Well, 
that's all and enjoy my series! Ja ne!












