Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the 
story that belong to me are the ones I made up, other than that I don't 
own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after 
Tenchi Forever.







To Rule Or To Love
Prologue


"Are the plans ready, yet?" a noble asked his young apprentice.

"They should be. Just a few more loose ends to tie up, but other than 
that, we're ready to go," said the apprentice.

"Excellent. You have the cloak and the mask, don't you? I want our 
young victim to believe that you are me," said the noble.

The apprentice opened his bag to reveal a black cloak and mask. The 
noble nodded at the items in approval and then the apprentice put the 
items back in his bag.

"You will be paid handsomely for this if you pull it off," the noble 
told the apprentice.

"Thank you, Sir," said the apprentice, humbly.

"Once she arrives, I want you to at least attempt to kill her, while 
everyone else in the palace is asleep," said the noble.

"What will happen if I fail the first time?" the apprentice asked, 
meekly.

The noble shrugged. "Nothing. That is why I told you that you should at 
least attempt to kill her and if you don't get her on the her first 
night at the palace, there are always other nights. I would like to 
have her killed before her coronation."

"That can and will be done, Sir," said the apprentice.

"Just do not fail me too many times or I will personally have your 
head," the noble hissed.

The apprentice winced at the noble's threatening and harsh words, 
knowing that they were true. He just simply bowed to the noble and made 
his way out of the noble's study.

Once the apprentice was gone, the noble had a sinister look painted on 
his face. "I've got you this time, Ryoko. You won't even know what hit 
you!"

The noble then threw his head back and began to laugh loudly. he 
completely convinced that he was unstoppable and that he would have her 
dead this time.

Once was done laughing he looked out his window with the same evil look 
still planted on his face.

"This time, this time your darling parents won't be around to interfere 
considering that I killed them. I almost got you and your baby sister 
that time, but now, I could care less about her. I want you, Ryoko. You 
are the heir to the throne here. I will kill you this time and make 
myself Emperor of this planet. I will do everything in my power to get 
rid of you!" he snarled.

The noble got off of his chair and made his way to a meeting, while 
thinking, 'You're mine, Ryoko. Mine!'




A/N: And here's the prologue. I was debating on whether I should have 
out this up or not, but I guess that all stories need an introduction 
and foreshadowing. I hope that you enjoy my Ryoko-centric fic series 
and ja ne!


