Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the 
story that belong to me are the ones I made up, other than that I don't 
own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after 
Tenchi Forever.




To Rule Or To Love
Chapter Eight


On planet Velsa, the Velsan noble was infuriated. He was appalled that 
a young man that had Jurain and Terran blood in him could beat a pure 
blooded Velsan. He walked up to a screen and had the whole battle with 
Tenchi and his apprentice replayed for him. He knew that he would have 
to take matters into his own hands now. He had to kill Ryoko himself.

"Once that space bitch dies, I'll be able to rule. I know one way to 
get rid of her as well. I'll expose her marriage to the Velsan people 
as a lie and then she will have to choose. I can't wait till the day 
that I'll be able to run this planet in the direction that I want. That 
little bitch will go down even if it's the last thing I do!" he 
shouted.

He walked towards his study to make plans in order to rid the royal 
bloodline on planet Velsa forever.

It was morning at the Masaki residence and Ryoko was just waking up. 
She looked to the other side of the bed to find that Tenchi was already 
gone. She got up, stretched her arms and yawned. She got out of the bed 
and went to take a shower. Once she got to the bathroom, she was having 
morning sickness for the first time. She bolted towards the toilet and 
threw up five times.

"Damn pregnancy," she muttered. "I'm gonna have to ask Washu if there 
is way to speed up the process so that I can give birth to my child 
quicker."

She knew that her pregnancy would last three months instead of the 
humanoid rate, which was nine. She cringed at the thought of having to 
deal with the pain for nine months. She would never understand how 
Terran women could tolerate it. She shed her clothes and jumped into 
the shower.

The warm water felt good against her skin. She closed her eyes and let 
the warmth engulf her body completely. After a good forty-five minutes 
in the shower, she was done. 

She stepped out of the shower, grabbed a towel and wrapped it around 
her body. She had hung her usual blue and yellow striped dress with the 
attached tail on the inside of the bathroom door. She dried off 
quickly, let her towel drop and then grabbed her dress and threw it on. 
She then walked out of the bathroom, closing the door behind her.

She went off to find Tenchi, even though she knew that he was either at 
the shrine or at the fields working. She checked the fields first and 
no Tenchi. When she checked the shrine, she found Tenchi there, but 
this time he wasn't practicing. Tenchi was sitting cross-legged with 
his eyes closed, concentrating. She floated down to where he was and 
sat in front of him.

Tenchi sensed a presence was there and when he opened his eyes he saw a 
smiling Ryoko. He smiled at her and clasped her hands in his. She 
blushed lightly and kissed him on the cheek.

"Hey lover! I was coming here to remind you that tomorrow we leave for 
Velsa," she said.

Tenchi nodded. "Yeah, I know. Does Miss Ayeka know?"

Ryoko shook her head. "Uh uh, I haven't had a chance to tell her yet. 
Oh and by the way, do me a little favor."

Tenchi looked at her curiously. "What's that?"

Ryoko looked at him coyly. "Stop calling Ayeka "Miss". Jeez! You've 
known her for three years now. I think you can drop the "Miss" and just 
call her plain Ayeka."

"I know that, it's just habit forming," he replied.

Ryoko grinned. "Oh! Sorta like you and shyness of intimacy, huh?"

Tenchi frowned at her. "Hey, I'm not that bad anymore."

"True, but you could still use a lot of work on it. You only came onto 
me once and that was on Velsa. I'm still waiting for you to lose your 
shy routine when we're on Earth. You've gotta remember that Ayeka 
already knows that we're together and doesn't mind it too much 
anymore," she said.

Tenchi sighed. "Yeah, I know, but as the old saying goes 'old habits 
dies hard'."

Ryoko gave Tenchi a crooked smiled. "Well.we'll just have to correct 
that, shan't we?" 

Tenchi gulped, but then his eyes narrowed slightly. "Wait a minute. 
I've kissed you plenty of times since we got back, and off guard may I 
add."

Ryoko shook her head gently. "You know that's not what I meant."

Tenchi sighed once more. "Yeah, I know. Sorry."

"Don't apologize for it Tenchi. I know you're shy when it comes to 
showing me any affection in front of your family, but I know that 
you'll come out of it sooner or later," Ryoko said gently.

Tenchi raised his right eyebrow. "Then why were you saying all that 
stuff about me coming on to you when you're now basically telling me to 
take it slowly?"

Ryoko grinned at him. "Because I just love to get you riled up!"

Tenchi rolled his eyes. "Ryoko."

Ryoko laughed at his expression. She floated closer to him and gave him 
a peck on the lips. "I need to go and find Ayeka that way she'll know 
that we're leaving tomorrow."

Tenchi nodded. "Is there anyone else that we should add to our little 
party?"

Ryoko looked thoughtful. "Well.I said yesterday that I was thinking of 
asking Nagi. She could keep me company as well. Besides, I haven't been 
able to be a big sister to her in a long while."

Tenchi drew Ryoko closer and hugged her. "You know? I'm glad we got rid 
of that assassin. Now we don't have anything to worry about."

"Mmmhmm," agreed Ryoko as she snuggled deeper into Tenchi's chest. She 
closed her eyes and said, "I told you that Milos wasn't involved. It 
was a one-man show, so the assassin had to have been working alone. 
Since you killed him, we have nothing to worry about on Velsa now." 

Tenchi smiled and nodded at her. She was right; there was nothing to 
worry about anymore. He killed the man that killed her parents and now 
it was all over. They could get married in peace and have a wonderful 
life together.

Tenchi's head snapped as if he remembered something suddenly. "Ryoko? 
Aren't you supposed to inform Ayeka of our plans?"

Ryoko looked up at him surprised. "Oh my God!"

Tenchi looked at her puzzled. "What?"

Ryoko stifled a giggle. "You didn't say "Miss"!"

"Oh, you!" laughed Tenchi. He grabbed Ryoko into a fierce hug and then 
Ryoko pecked him on his cheek and teleported away.

Ryoko found Ayeka in front of the television watching her soaps. Ryoko 
looked at the TV in interest and sat down next to Ayeka. They were both 
watching in eager anticipation for the good scene until a commercial 
popped up. They both groaned and fell back onto the couch that they 
were sitting on.

"Did you ever notice that that TV lives to piss us off?" observed 
Ryoko.

"Yes, I agree. It's simply cruel to leave us hanging in suspense for 
the juicy scene to come up and then.poof.a commercial shows up right at 
the critical point," said an upset Ayeka.

"Oh, that's right. Ayeka?" said Ryoko.

Ayeka gave her friend a puzzled look. "What is it?"

"We leave tomorrow for Velsa," she said.

Ayeka gave her friend a surprised look. "Tomorrow?"

Ryoko nodded. "That's right."

"I have to go start packing now then," said Ayeka as she ran upstairs 
to her room.

Ryoko chuckled at Ayeka's behavior. Ryoko got off of the couch and went 
to Washu's lab so that she could contact her sister so that she could 
come with them to the palace.

Ryoko opened the door to Washu's lab and stepped in. "Washu!" she 
called out.

"Come on in Ryoko!" replied the diminutive scientist from somewhere 
deep in her lab.

"Where are you?" asked Ryoko.

"Level three, section B," she responded.

"Argh, Washu! You know that I can't get up there! You have a security 
lock!" growled Ryoko.

"Hold your horses Ryoko! I comin'! Yeesh!" she shouted.

To Ryoko's surprise, Washu appeared in front of her at that very 
moment. "What is it that you need, Ryoko?" she asked, somewhat annoyed.

"I need to contact my sister," said Ryoko.

"I have a communication screen down here. I assume you know how to use 
one?" said Washu giving her a questioning look.

Ryoko glared at her. "Of course I know how to use one!"

"Fine, it's right this way," said Washu as she led Ryoko to a nearby 
corner of the lower level of her lab.

Ryoko looked at the machine. "I've used one of these before."

Washu looked up at Ryoko. "Then you'll have no problems using it. I'm 
going back to work. See ya!"

Once Washu left, Ryoko turned back to the screen's keypad and entered 
some commands. She then faced the mike that was attached.

"Place an intergalactic search of spaceship Ken-Ohki," she said into 
the mike.

She waited for a few minutes while the machine processed her vocal 
command. Afterwards, she heard a beeping noise. 

"Search complete and successful. Preparing to connect in 
five.four.three.two." said the machine.

Ryoko looked at the machine's screen and saw her sister's ship there. A 
few seconds later she saw Nagi's face. Nagi looked curious at why she 
was hailing her.

Ryoko smiled. "Hey sis, what's up?"

Nagi's eyes narrowed. "This had better be good Ryoko. I was busy making 
negotiations with the guild."

"I was just wondering that if you're not busy let's say.for the next 
few weeks if you would like to come with me, Tenchi, and Ayeka to 
Velsa," said Ryoko.

"Whatever for?" asked a perplexed Nagi.

"Well, for once it would be nice for us to see each other without you 
chasing me all over the freakin' galaxy," laughed Ryoko.

Nagi chuckled at the comment. "And two, well.I would just like us to 
hang out.you know.like real sisters," she said with shining eyes. 

Nagi gave her a small smile. "That sounds nice, actually. When do we 
leave?"

"Tomorrow," said Ryoko.

"So soon?" asked a shocked Nagi.

"I know that it's a little last minute, but I haven't had the time, if 
you know what I mean," said Ryoko, mischievously.

Nagi shook her head. "You really need to focus on other things in life 
besides that!"

"Speaking of other things in life, I have a surprise for you," Ryoko 
said, secretively.

"And what may that be?" inquired Nagi.

"Only that I'm pregnant!" exclaimed a beaming Ryoko.

Nagi's eyes bulged out of her head. "Pr.pre.pregnant!"

"Yep! You're going to be an aunt! How does that sound?" she asked.

Nagi scratched the back of her neck. "Well, strange. What's even 
stranger is that you're going to become a mother!"

"Hey! What's so strange about that?" she growled.

"Think about it Ryoko. You were once the most wanted criminal in the 
galaxy and now that you're going to be handling a child you don't think 
it's strange?" Nagi asked skeptically.

Ryoko gave her a sheepish grin. "Yeah, I guess you're right. It does 
seem kinda strange for me to be a mom, but hey, it had to happen 
sometime considering that I'm gonna be married and stuff."

"True," agreed Nagi, "But it's still strange!"

Ryoko grinned at her sister's still bewildered expression. "I have to 
go now, but I'll see you tomorrow."

"Umm.at what time do you need me there?" she asked.

"Oh anytime in the evening is fine," said Ryoko.

"Alright, I'll see you tomorrow evening then," said Nagi.

"Okay. Hailing frequencies off!" ordered Ryoko.

With one last wave, Nagi disappeared. Ryoko then remembered that she 
needed Washu's help with something.

"Washu!" she shouted.

"WHAT!" said an extremely annoyed voice. 

"Get your ass down here! I need your help! It's very important!" she 
shouted.

"Oh, fine!" grumbled Washu.

Right then Washu appeared right in front of her. "This had better be 
good Ryoko!"

"I was wondering if there would be any way to speed up the process of 
my child's birth," said Ryoko.

Washu lost her angry glare and now looked concerned and perplexed. "Why 
would you wanna do that?"

"Truth? I'm scared of the three months I have to go through carrying 
the child," she said.

"Scared? That doesn't sound like you," said Washu.

"I know, but I don't wanna have to wake up with morning sickness and 
such. Besides, after my wedding, I'll be showing and I want to be able 
to have my wedding night," she said nervously.

"Oh!! I see! Well then, I have just the thing for you. Come this way 
Ryoko," said the scientist as she led the former space pirate to an off 
limits part of her lab.

Once they got there, Washu showed her what was going to help her. 
"Ryoko, do you see that very big machine in front of you?"

"Yeah, what about it?" she asked.

"That machine will help you speed up your pregnancy to one week. How's 
that sound?" she asked.

"It sounds great! Now, what do I have to do?" asked Ryoko.

"First off, do you hate needles?" Washu asked seriously.

"Yes, I despise them," replied Ryoko with a disgusted look on her face.

"Too bad," cackled Washu.

"Wait a minute! Do I have to get poked by a needle?" she asked.

"Yep!" said Washu.

"When you collected my blood sample last month, along with everybody 
else for your stupid genetics experiment, you didn't have to, why is it 
so different now?" she asked, fearfully.

"Because when I took the blood out of you, it was only a small sample 
and lasers can only do so much. I need to use the needle for this 
process because I'm going to be injecting a lot of medicinal fluid into 
your body to speed up the birth and lasers can't take in that much 
fluid," said Washu.

"Damn," muttered Ryoko.

"Are you still willing to go through with it?" asked Washu.

"I might as well," she mumbled.

"Very well," said Washu.

She brought Ryoko over to a chair, which was connected to the machine. 
Ryoko sat down in fear. She didn't want to get poked by the needle, but 
if she wanted an earlier pregnancy, she would have to live through it. 
Once she felt the needle stick into her skin, she winced in pain for 
five long minutes. Once the needle was out, she felt woozy.

"You're gonna have to sleep it off. Let me get Tenchi to carry you 
upstairs," she said.

She opened the door to her lab and went outside of it. She found Tenchi 
sitting on the couch, reading a book.

"Hey, Tenchi?" said Washu.

"Huh? Oh, Little Washu. What's up?" he asked, casually.

"I just gave Ryoko some medicine and it's made her feel woozy. Could 
you come into the lab and get her for me?" she asked.

"Sure, Little Washu," complied Tenchi.

Washu guided Tenchi into her lab and led him to where Ryoko was. Once 
they got there, Tenchi saw a limp Ryoko sleeping in a chair. He lifted 
her up and brought her out of the lab and upstairs to his room. 

Once they got to his room, he laid her gently down on the bed and 
pulled the covers over her. He then kissed her softly on the forehead.

"Rest well, my love," he said, smiling as he closed the door to his 
room.

Ryoko was lying in his bed, sleeping happily without a care in the 
world.

As soon as Tenchi left his room, he went to go and find Washu to ask 
her what was going on.

The moment Tenchi was downstairs, he found Washu sitting on the couch 
in the living room watching television. He walked up to her and put his 
right hand on her right shoulder. Washu looked behind herself, 
startled, but when she saw that it was only Tenchi, she relaxed.

"What can I do for ya, Tenchi?" she asked.

Tenchi removed his hand from her. "I need you to tell me something."

"Yes, what is it?" she asked, curiously.

"Umm...why did Ryoko pass out in your lab like that? What exactly did 
you do to her?" he asked.

"I only gave her some medication that would help her out with her 
pregnancy, that's all," answered Washu.

"I thought that you were already giving her something. What's so 
different about the stuff that you gave her today?" he asked.

"Well, I can't tell you, Tenchi. That's something that you're gonna 
have to ask Ryoko about," she said.

"Why? Is it something bad?" he asked, worriedly.

"Well, it depends on how you look at it. You can either choose it to be 
a bad thing or choose it to be a good thing," she replied.

"Then I will have to ask Ryoko, huh?" he said, sheepishly.

"Yep!" she replied, heartily.

"Well, I gotta go train with grandpa now. I'll see you later!" he said 
as he made his way out of the and towards the shrine.

Washu sighed and turned off the television. 'I honestly hope you know 
what you're doing, Ryoko. I wish that I could come to Velsa with you 
and Tenchi, but due to certain circumstances, I can't.'

Washu got up off of the couch that she was sitting on and went to her 
lab. Once she was inside, she got back to work on the portal that would 
open up on Velsa directly from Earth, so that the whole family could 
see Tenchi and Ryoko more often.

"Hmm...this data seems awful loose and fidgety. I need to make it more 
tight or the portal won't work. Let's see...what if I tweak this piece 
of information and make it just a little more compact in size," she 
said as she was working on her main computer with the data for the 
portal.

With a few more adjustments, Washu looked satisfied with the work. 
"There! That should do it! Now, to test it."

Washu grabbed some thick, black wire and curved it into the shape of an 
arch, so that it would look like a doorway. She placed it on one of her 
many lab walls and then walked back to her computer screen to activate 
it. She then walked through it and found herself in the Velsan palace. 
Her eyes widened in shock.

'This place has really changed ever since I was here. Well, time to 
go!' And with that she entered the portal and went back to the Masaki 
residence.

"Well, it looks like that worked. Now, I just need to make it run for 
twenty-four hours, that way if any of us need it for an emergency, it 
won't shut down. I'll tell everybody about the doorway once Ryoko and 
Tenchi leave, so that the royal guards who are going to pick them up 
tomorrow won't get frustrated, knowing that they didn't have to travel 
all that way to get here," Washu said to herself.

After adjusting the portal to her liking and hopefully everyone else's, 
she finally went to bed. When she got into bed, she had one thought on 
her mind and that was, 'I'm gonna miss you when you leave, Ryoko.' And 
with that last thought, she finally fell asleep.

That night at the Masaki residence, everything was quiet and as it 
should be, though the next day and after, things were bound to change. 
That night, everyone slept peacefully, not caring about anything that 
the next day would be, but living the moment out as it should be.

Unknown to everyone at the Masaki home that on planet Velsa, the Velsan 
noble was planning and plotting that night on how to finally get rid of 
Princess Ryoko. 

'I will not fail this time!' the noble growled mentally to himself as 
he struggled over the finishing touches of his plan to finally kill 
Ryoko.

The noble narrowed his eyes at the thought of her. 'You will not escape 
me this time, Princess. I won't let you out of my grasp! You will die 
if it's the last thing I do!'

Once he was done with his plans, he stormed out of his study with an 
utterly determined look on his face.

'This is it, Ryoko. You're final days are numbered and this time there 
will be no way out!' he cheered mentally to himself as he entered his 
bed chamber to sleep.

That night the noble slept peacefully, thinking that he finally had 
Ryoko in his grasp. His dreams that night were full of her forthcoming 
death. How joyous it would be for him to see the last Velsan Royal dead 
at his very feet, while he takes over her position to become the 
supreme leader of planet Velsa. He would make sure that on the day of 
her death that she would be put through a painful hell. That would make 
everything perfect for him. He happily continued dreaming these 
thoughts all throughout the night, awaiting the next day impatiently, 
so that he could finally put his plans into action and kill Ryoko.




A/N: Okay, I have nothing to say for this chapter. Hope you readers are 
enjoying this series of mine. Ja ne! 











