Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the story that belong to me are the ones I 
made up, other than that I don't own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after Tenchi Forever.







To Rule Or To Love
Chapter Fourteen


"Ryoko! Would you please hold still?!" Washu exclaimed questionably as she, Ayeka, 
and Nagi tried to get Ryoko to stop fidgeting so that they could get her into her wedding 
dress.

"Oh, but I'm just so nervous! I feel all jittery!" Ryoko exclaimed.

"That's natural, dear. It'll wear off soon," Washu said logically as she finally got one of 
the sleeves fitted onto Ryoko.

"I'm sure it is, but something deep inside of me wants to scream and yell out in happiness. 
I'm finally marrying the man whom I've loved for so long and he loves me back," Ryoko 
said with a content sigh.

Washu gave her older niece a smile. "I've been there, Ryoko. It's the most wonderful time 
of your life. Treasure it because you don't know how long it will last."

Ryoko frowned, suddenly. "Washu?"

Washu, detecting Ryoko's emotions, went over to her quickly. "What is it, Ryoko?"

"I need many guards at this wedding. I'm in grave danger and so is Tenchi and the rest of 
you," Ryoko said seriously.

Washu nodded. "I took the liberty to hire guards for the wedding this morning, while you 
were still asleep."

Ryoko let out a small sigh of relief. "Thanks, Washu. At least we now know that we're 
somewhat safe from danger."

"Ryoko, you do realize that no matter what, we'll all help you through this," Ayeka 
reminded her kindly.

Ryoko gave her a small smile. "Thanks, Ayeka. I'm just worried about everyone's safety. 
I guess that's half of the reason why I'm so nervous about the wedding."

"Let's stop this talk about gloomy things! Today is your wedding, Ryoko. This day 
should be a day of happiness! Now then, let's get back to that dress of yours, shall we?" 
Ayeka asked, looking at Ryoko with her hands on her hips.

Ryoko chuckled at Ayeka's comical pose. "Alright, Ayeka. You win."

"Thank you," she replied, primly.

"ANYWAY! Let's get back to the dress now," said Washu.

Nobody argued with her as they all went back to putting the dress on Ryoko.

Tenchi was in his own room and he was already dressed. Just then, he heard a knock at 
the door and when he opened it, he found his father and grandfather standing there.

"You're both here? How did you get through?" Tenchi asked confused.

"Well, Washu taught me how to use the portal," said Yosho.

Tenchi blinked. "Well, that explains that."

"Are you nervous, son?" Nobuyuki asked Tenchi.

Tenchi shrugged. "Somewhat. Why do you ask?"

"I remember when I got married to your mother. I almost had cold feet that day," said 
Nobuyuki.

"You did?" Tenchi asked in disbelief.

"He did…until I dragged him away from the bathroom window that he was crawling out 
of," Yosho said smugly.

"Were you nervous when you got married, grandfather?" Tenchi asked.

"Yes, I was, but I overcome my fear with something greater," said Yosho.

"And what's that?" Tenchi asked.

"My love for the woman whom I was marrying," said Yosho with a fond smile of 
remembrance.

"I guess that that's how I feel about Ryoko. She completes me," said Tenchi.

"Well then, you should have no problems today," said Yosho, even though something 
was worrying him greatly.

"Besides, the wedding isn't for another eight hours. It'll be a while before I'm completely 
nervous," Tenchi pointed out with a chuckle.

His grandfather and father laughed at Tenchi's comment.

'Maybe I'm worrying about nothing. But still…' Yosho thought after he stopped laughing.

He then watched Tenchi and Nobuyuki exchange stories with a smile. He was happy for 
his grandson, even though he was worried.

In the kitchen, Sasami was cooking up a storm for the wedding. She was actually 
supervising all of the cooks in the room.

"That's right! Now, put a little more frosting on that side," Sasami instructed one of the 
cooks.

After she was done with helping a few of the cooks with the cake, she went off to help 
some more with the main course. 

"That's good. Now then, you need to put more flour in the batter. You need to make it 
lighter," said Sasami.

She then left the kitchen for a breather after she was done helping the cooks. 

'Man, planning the food for this wedding is going to be harder than I thought,' Sasami 
thought tiredly.

Sasami looked upstairs and wondered how everything was going with the others. She 
then heard one of the cooks from inside of the kitchen yell, "Miss Sasami, we need your 
help!"

Sasami let out a deep sigh and then ran back inside of the kitchen to help out the cooks.

Back upstairs, Washu and Ayeka had successfully gotten the dress onto Ryoko.

"You look wonderful, Ryoko!" Ayeka exclaimed.

Washu nodded. "Very pretty."

Ryoko blushed at the compliments. What they were saying, however, was extremely true. 
Ryoko did look very beautiful. Her hair was up in a tight bun and covering her cheeks, 
ears, forehead and back of her neck, were little tendrils of hair. On top of her bun was a 
tight little crown that was surrounded by diamonds around the middle of it. On her back 
was a cape made of white fur, just like the rims of her white, satin gloves were. Her dress 
was sleeveless and the straps were very thin. Her bodice was made out of satin, lace, silk, 
and velvet. The design on the bodice were little, circular swirls. The top of the skirt was 
made out of a veil type material called tulle, which was white. The bottom layers of the 
skirt were all made out of white satin and when Ryoko moved around, it flowed around 
her feet and swished like a bell. Her veil was long, white, and hand-crocheted by Washu. 
Ryoko was grateful that her aunt made the veil on such short notice. Her shoes were 
white heels and her jewelry looked like diamond teardrops. She looked absolutely 
radiant. 

"Ryoko, you look as beautiful as your mother was on her wedding day. She was an 
excellent ruler and you will be too," said Washu with a few tears in her eyes.

"Thanks, Washu," Ryoko said with a smile.

"Ryoko, you will be married within eight hours. Any regrets?" Ayeka asked her.

Ryoko shook her head. "None whatsoever. I'm marrying the man that I love. What more 
could I want or ask for?"

"I still warn you to be careful down there," said Washu with a worried look in her eyes.

Nagi nodded. "Whatever those assassins have planned, isn't gonna be pretty."

Ryoko sighed. "I know. Please, if anything happens to me, help Tenchi watch over 
Hisui."

Ayeka looked at her friend sadly. "Ryoko, don't talk like that. Be optimistic."

Ryoko chuckled lightly. "You're one to talk, Ayeka. But yes, I should be more optimistic 
about this."

"Just be careful," said Washu.

Ryoko nodded. "I will be."

Back in Tenchi's room, Tenchi sighed. He knew that something was bothering Ryoko, he 
just didn't know what to make of it.

"Son, is there something wrong?" Nobuyuki asked him.

Tenchi turned to look at him and sighed once more. "I'm just worried about Ryoko."

Nobuyuki blinked. "And why is that?"

"Because she seemed so upset about something today. I asked her if she was all right and 
she said that she was, but I don't believe that she was telling me the truth," said Tenchi.

"Hmm…I think that I'm going to need to have a little chat with Washu," Yosho said 
seriously.

"You think that she may know something?" asked Tenchi.

"I'm more than certain that she does," said Yosho as he walked out of the room, leaving 
Tenchi and Nobuyuki confused.

Back in Ryoko's room, Washu was still worried and nervous for her niece.

'I don't need to lose her just like I lost her mother. I just know that they'll not only attack 
her, but Tenchi, Nagi, and the baby as well. They need to be protected and even though 
she has guards doing so, I don't feel that she's truly safe,' Washu thought in distress.

"Miss Washu? I just asked you a question," Ayeka said politely.

Washu blinked and then asked, "Oh, uh, what did you need Ayeka?"

"Do you think that we should add more flowers to Ryoko's bouquet or just leave it be?" 
asked Ayeka.

Washu looked at Ryoko's bouquet, wearily, and then said, "Just add some more baby's 
breath to it and it should be fine."

Ayeka gave Washu a concerned look. "Are you all right, Miss Washu? You seem rather 
upset with something."

"I am, Ayeka. I'm very worried for Ryoko's well being. She might die on this very day 
and until I find a much more decent way to protect her, I'm gonna continue to worry," 
said Washu.

Ayeka's brow creased. "Hmm…"

Washu was then interrupted by a knock at the door.

"Who's there?" she asked out.

"It's me, Washu," the voice behind the door said.

Washu's eyes widened in recognition and the she said, "I'll be right there!"

"Ayeka, help Nagi with Ryoko. I'll be back soon," said Washu.

Ayeka nodded as Washu left.

As soon as Washu left the room, Washu looked up at the owner of the voice with a grim 
look on her face.

"Lord Yosho, how may I help you?" she asked.

"I heard that there is something troubling Ryoko. I'm pretty sure that she told Tenchi 
whatever it was that was troubling her, right?" he asked.

Washu sighed. "The only ones who know about her troubles are Ayeka, Nagi, and 
myself. She didn't want everyone to worry."

"What is it that has her so worried?" he asked.

"There's a possibility that a gang of assassins will attempt to murder her at her wedding," 
said Washu.

Yosho looked shocked. "And how did she come to know this?"

"From me," Washu admitted.

"How so?" he asked, confused.

"I accidentally overheard a conversation that the assassins were having yesterday through 
the door to my portal to the palace," Washu confessed.

"I see. Did they say that they were going to kill her today?" he asked.

Washu nodded and Yosho sighed.

"Did you secure the area with guards?" he asked, worriedly.

"Yes, but I don't think that that will be enough. If the man whom I think is behind all of 
this is the main assassin, then we're all gonna have our hands full. We need more 
protection, if that's the case," she said, seriously.

Yosho rubbed his chin, pensively. "I see. Maybe Ayeka's guards can help out."

"I already secured them," said Washu.

"How about Kiyone and Mihoshi?" he asked.

Washu blinked. "I never thought of that. They're both loyal and excellent fighters. They'd 
be perfect!"

"Do you think that they'd be enough?" he asked.

"No, but it's a start. Could you ask them to ask some other GP officers if they'd be willing 
to serve at the wedding?" asked Washu.

"No problem," Yosho said with a nod.

"I need to go back and help Ryoko get ready for the wedding. Could you possibly do this 
now, since we still have time?" Washu asked.

"Alright," said Yosho as he walked back to Tenchi's room.

Washu, at that moment, felt a little more secure for Ryoko's safety.

'At least there will be people that she trusts protecting her,' Washu thought as she walked 
back into Ryoko's room.

Back in Tenchi's room, Yosho said, "I need to go back to the house for a moment."

Tenchi looked at his grandfather confused and asked, "Why?"

"There's some business I need to take care of. I shouldn't be long," he said.

"Did you find out what's troubling Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

Yosho nodded and said, "It's best that you don't know what it is, however."

"Well, why not?" asked Tenchi, a bit angry.

"Because it's your wedding day and you shouldn't have to worry," said Yosho. "Washu 
and I will take care of it."

"But…" Tenchi started.

"Trust us," said Yosho as he left the room once more.

"What was that all about?" Nobuyuki asked Tenchi.

Tenchi looked at his father and sighed. "I only wish I knew."

Back at the Masaki residence, Yosho already found Kiyone and Mihoshi already there.

"You two girls make it back safely?" he asked them. 

"Yes, we made it back just fine. Mihoshi finally didn't crash us," said Kiyone, flashing a 
slight glare at her partner.

"Well, that's good to hear. You two both know that you were invited to Ryoko's wedding 
today, right?" he asked them.

"We were? We never received any message of this sort from anyone," Kiyone said with a 
bewildered look in her eyes.

"Ryoko's getting married today and I forgot to get her a present?! WAAHH!!! Kiyone! 
What are we going to do?!" Mihoshi wailed.

Kiyone sighed and then growled at her partner, "Calm down, Mihoshi! I didn't know 
about the wedding either."

Mihoshi dried her eyes and asked, "You didn't?"

"No," said Kiyone.

"Oh! In that case, we can go shopping together! Won't that be great, Kiyone?!" Mihoshi 
asked enthusiastically.

"Great," Kiyone said under her breath with sarcasm.

"Actually, I came here to ask you two girls a favor," said Yosho.

"And what would that be?" asked Kiyone.

"Ryoko is going to need to have some guards at the wedding, along with the palace ones. 
She's going to need ones that she can trust implicitly. That's where you two come in," 
said Yosho.

"Is there any particular reason that you need us to stand guard?" Kiyone asked.

"There might be an attempted assassination upon Ryoko at her wedding. I also needed to 
ask you two whether some other GP officers would be willing to serve along with the two 
of you," said Yosho.

"I'm sure I could ask," said Kiyone.

"Thank you," said Yosho. "I'll see you both at the wedding."

Kiyone nodded and then Yosho left.

"Kiyone, do you really think that someone will try to kill Ryoko at her own wedding?" 
asked Mihoshi.

Kiyone sighed and said, "I don't know, Mihoshi, but it's best that we watch after her."

"I guess we should call Headquarters and ask for help then, huh?" asked Mihoshi.

"I don't think that the other GP officers would want to get involved, Mihoshi," said 
Kiyone.

"Why not?" asked Mihoshi.

"Because they'd be protecting Ryoko and to many GP officers, she's still a criminal," said 
Kiyone.

"Oh," Mihoshi said unhappily.

"I guess that we'll be the only ones besides her guards protecting her," said Kiyone.

"We still need to get her a present, Kiyone," Mihoshi reminded her with a dumb look on 
her face.

Kiyone looked about ready to kill Mihoshi. "Mihoshi! This is not the time to be worrying 
about presents!"

"But, Kiyone!" Mihoshi whined.

"No buts, Mihoshi! We're going now!" Kiyone yelled.

Mihoshi kept on crying and complaining as Kiyone dragged her through the Washu's lab 
door and then through the portal to the palace.

As soon as they were inside the palace, they already found Yosho waiting for them.

"Come with me," he told them.

"I'm sorry that we couldn't get any other reinforcements. I just know that they wouldn't 
want to cooperate with us," said Kiyone.

"I understand why and it's not your fault," said Yosho, while leading both Kiyone and 
Mihoshi upstairs to Ryoko's room.

"Here we are," he said as they stood in front of the door to Ryoko's room. He then 
knocked on the door and waited for an answer.

"Yes?" a voice asked from inside of the room.

"It's me, Washu," said Yosho.

The door then opened and out came Washu. She looked up at the three expectantly.

"I thought there would be more GP officers. What happened?" Washu asked curiously.

"Well, there are still a lot of officers who believe that Ryoko is still a criminal," said 
Kiyone.

Washu sighed. "That figures. Some people will just never change."

"But, we're still here, Washu," Mihoshi pointed out with a smile on her face.

"And thank God for that," she said. "We're gonna need all of the help we can get."

Yosho looked down at his watch and his eyes widened. "Only four more hours until the 
wedding begins. My, my! Time does fly."

Washu nodded. "You said it."

Back at the Velsan noble's place, the noble and his assassins were also preparing for the 
wedding.

"Have you all secured the ammunition and the support of most of the Velsan people?" the 
noble asked them.

One of the assassins nodded and said, "Yes, Sir. When during the wedding would you 
like us to attack?"

"I'll let you know during the ceremony. I first need to have a short conversation with the 
darling Empress," he said, venomously.

"Yes, Sir!" all of the assassins exclaimed in unison.

"Now, all of you begin to get in your disguises. Afterwards, go off to the palace and take 
your seats. I'll be there a little after all of you," he said.

All of the assassins nodded as they left. The noble then grinned fiercely.

"Finally, Ryoko. You're finally going to be all mine!" he yelled into the empty room. "No 
one, not even you can stop me!"

While the Velsan noble continued his rants on his supposed victory over Ryoko, the 
assassins watched him from the shadows in worry.

"Do you think that his plan will work?" one of the assassins asked.

"Do you doubt him?" another assassin asked.

"No, it's just that…" the first assassin tried to say, but then was cut off by the second one.

"Then don't say anything," the second assassin snapped at him. "We have the more than 
half of the Velsan people whom are attending the wedding on our side. Victory will be 
ours. Don't worry yourself so."

The first assassin frowned, but then relented. "I guess you're right."

The second assassin snorted. "Of course I'm right! Come on, we need to place our 
disguises on and then report to the Captain of the Guards, who will already be seated in 
the Wedding Hall."

The other assassins nodded towards the second assassin as they all went off to get on 
their disguises.

In the Wedding Hall, the Captain of the Guards stood next to a large, oak door waiting 
for the assassins.

'I hope that this idea doesn't flop up like the rest of his ideas,' the Captain thought 
nervously.

He watched the decorators place flowers on the benches, windows, and doors. The 
Captain sighed at the sight.

'Is this truly worth it?' he asked himself.

He looked at all of the happy faces chatting about the wedding. They spoke about Ryoko 
with such benevolence and at that moment he felt his stomach go into knots.

'It's not worth it,' he thought with finality. 'What will I do when the final hour rolls 
around? Nothing?'

The Captain then decided to just disappear and not let himself be one of the culprits of 
the assassination.

He looked around himself and then took off unnoticed. Right after he had left, the 
assassins arrived and looked around the room in confusion.

"Where is he?" one of the assassins asked, whispering.

"Wanna bet he chickened out?" another assassin said with contempt.

"Even if he did, we've still gotta go through this," another assassin said.

All of the assassins nodded in unison at that and went off to take their seats. They then 
noticed their leader, the Velsan noble come into the room. He was disguised himself as 
he took a seat next to them.

"Where is the Captain?" he asked them.

"He ran off, more than likely," one of the assassins said in response.

"The coward," the noble said under his breath.

"We don't need him anyway," said one of the assassins.

The noble nodded. "If he's going to be a coward about this whole ordeal, then we 
certainly can do without him."

"But what if he snitches on us?" asked another assassin.

"No matter. Once I have this kingdom in my possession, his execution will be one of the 
first on my list," said the noble.

Back upstairs in Ryoko's room, Nagi and Washu were putting the finishing touches on 
Ryoko's dress, while Ayeka had gone downstairs to help Sasami in the kitchen.

"Washu?" said Ryoko.

"Yes, Ryoko?" she asked.

"Would you be able to hold onto Hisui during the ceremony?" asked Ryoko.

"Sure I will, Ryoko. Is there anything else that you need?" asked Washu.

"Nah. I just wanna go down there and get this over with," said Ryoko with nervousness 
marring her voice.

"It's almost time, Ryoko," said Nagi. "Just focus on Tenchi and how much you love him 
when you walk down the isle."

Ryoko nodded. "Thanks. I'll remember to do that."

"I need to go and check to see if Tenchi's already down there. The ceremony will start in 
twenty minutes," said Washu.

"Go ahead," said Ryoko.

Washu then exited Ryoko's room and walked to Tenchi's. She knocked on the door and 
was surprised to find Yosho still there.

"Lord Yosho! What are you still doing up here? Is Tenchi already down there?" she 
asked.

"Yes, Tenchi's already in the Wedding Hall with Nobuyuki," said Yosho.

"Aren't you going down there?" she asked in confusion.

"Does Ryoko have anyone to give her away?" he asked.

Washu shook her head sadly. "No, I'm afraid not."

"Would she mind terribly if I did so?" he asked.

Washu blinked in surprise. "You would do that?"

Yosho nodded. "I'd be more than happy to."

Washu gave him a short smile and said, "Thank you, Lord Yosho. I'm sure that Ryoko 
will be pleased."

Yosho nodded once more and said, "I'll wait out here."

Washu nodded in return and then went off to check on Ayeka and Sasami. As soon as 
Washu was in the kitchen, she saw that all of the food was ready, but not Ayeka and 
Sasami.

"Go get dressed you two! We only have twenty minutes left!" Washu exclaimed.

Ayeka and Sasami left the kitchen in a great hurry after Washu had said that. Washu then 
rushed back upstairs to Ryoko's room.

"We almost done here?" Washu asked Nagi.

"Completely," said Nagi with a tired smile.

"You both look very pretty," Washu said with a smile.

They both blushed. Washu and Ryoko had actually convinced Nagi to wear a dress for 
that one day. It was similar to Ryoko's, but it was cut straight. She wore no jewelry and 
headpieces, however. She remained simple in style. She still looked stunning, however.

"We need to make ourselves present downstairs in fifteen minutes," said Washu. "Are 
you two sure that you're finished getting ready?"

Ryoko and Nagi both nodded. Washu then let out a sigh of relief.

"Good, I'll go check on Ayeka and Sasami to see how they're getting along with their 
dresses. Kiyone and Mihoshi are already here and I believe that they are both downstairs 
keeping guard," said Washu.

Ryoko and Nagi nodded once more and then Washu left. 

Washu knocked on Ayeka and Sasami's door to their room and then Ayeka answered it, 
fully dressed in her bridesmaid dress, just like Nagi was.

"Sasami is still putting the flowers in her hair. She does have her flower basket ready, 
however," said Ayeka.

"Good, we now have ten minutes left," said Washu. "I trust that you two will be ready by 
then?"

"Very ready," said Ayeka.

"Excellent," said Washu. "I'll go downstairs and wait for all of you."

Ayeka nodded and then left back into her room. Washu then walked to Ryoko's room to 
pick up Hisui.

"Ryoko, I need to take the baby downstairs with me," said Washu.

"We'll be down soon," Ryoko reassured.

Washu nodded and then took Hisui into her arms, left Ryoko's room, and went 
downstairs. 

As soon as Washu walked downstairs into the Wedding Hall, she greeted Tenchi and 
Nobuyuki and then took her seat with Hisui situated in her lap.

'I honestly hope that this goes well,' Washu thought nervously.

She watched Tenchi and his father converse as if nothing were going to happen and as far 
as they were concerned, nothing was.

The ten minutes passed by swiftly and as soon as they did, Washu heard the organ in the 
Wedding Hall play the Wedding March. Washu looked over her shoulder as many of the 
wedding attendants did to see Ryoko standing at the entrance of the hall with a beaming 
smile on her face.

Washu cringed as she sensed the overwhelming worry from her niece. Washu knew that 
the smile that was on Ryoko's face was painted there to dim her worry to the public.

Ryoko looked towards Tenchi and smiled even wider and Tenchi looked at her and 
smiled back. Ryoko wasn't scared of marrying Tenchi; she was scared of what would 
happen to her that day. She then took her place near Tenchi and then they looked forward 
to the priest as he spoke the words.

After a while, the assassins looked to the noble who was whispering to them, "Soon."

The assassins grinned and then went back to watch the ceremony. The noble had a smug 
look of satisfaction on his face.

As the priest was saying the final words, "And do you, Ryoko de Velsa take Tenchi 
Masaki as your lawfully wedded husband, until death do you part?"

As Ryoko was about to give her answer, the noble jumped out of the crowd as he stalked 
up to the altar with documents in his hands.

"Who are you!" Ryoko demanded.

"I am someone who has proof that this marriage is not legitimate," he proclaimed.

"I beg your pardon…" Ryoko started, but then was cut off.

"I have proof that he is a half breed," he said smugly through his mask.

Ryoko narrowed her eyes at him in shock. "What?"

"It's true. He's a half human and half Juraian," he said with an evil gleam in his eyes.

"The Empress has betrayed us!" one of the on goers shouted.

"She should be executed!" another one shouted.

Ryoko's head was spinning as she began to think, 'This can't be happening. This cannot 
be happening!'

Ryoko then looked up at the masked man and asked, "Who are you?"

"Someone you know very well, sadly enough," he said with smugness.

"Who are you!" she demanded, once more.

"Very well then," he said as he pulled off his mask.

Ryoko gasped in response. Washu looked at him and narrowed her eyes as she thought, 'I 
knew it!'

"Prime Minister Milos! How could you!" Ryoko exclaimed.

"Oh, very easily, my dear Empress. I have wanted this kingdom ever since I have set foot 
on it and not you or anybody else will stand in my way of getting it!" he growled at her.

Ryoko shivered as Milos drew out his sword and titled it directly under her chin. "It will 
be lovely to hear your mother's scream again come out of your mouth."

"You BASTARD! You're the one who ordered the death upon my parents!" she hissed at 
him.

"Yes, and I will proudly admit to it," he said.

"Well, it looks like you want me dead, so get it over with!" she shouted.

Tenchi looked at the scene petrified for he didn't know what to do, since his sword was 
upstairs in his room.

"Not so fast, Ryoko. I'm willing to cut a deal with you, so that both you and your lover 
will live," he said with a cold smile.

"Talk," Ryoko spat out with narrowed eyes.

"Ryoko, in my proposition, I am willing to let you rule as long as you rule alongside 
myself in the bonds of marriage," he said with an evil grin.

"What?" she whispered, questionably.

"In that case, I'd be willing to spare your lover and all of your friends. Refuse this offer 
for the love of your half-breed, and will be forced to take your life along with all of 
theirs. Choose, Ryoko. You rule or you love," he said with venom dripping out of his 
voice.

Ryoko looked at the blade that was pointed directly under her chin and sighed. She 
looked at her friends, her family, and then she looked at Tenchi.

'Tenchi,' she thought with despair. 'What do I do?'

"Time's up, young lady. What is your choice?" he asked.

Ryoko took a deep breath and closed her eyes as she said, "I choose…"




A/N: I know that you all probably wanna kill me by now, but I had to do that. I will have 
an epilogue out and then the story will finally be done! Yah! Ja!























 



























 

 




