Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the 
story that belong to me are the ones I made up, other than that I don't 
own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after 
Tenchi Forever.




To Rule Or To Love
Chapter Four


Intergalactic Bounty Hunter Nagi was roaming the galaxy in her cabbit 
ship Ken-Ohki. She turned on the little television like screen on her 
ship to check out if there was anyone for her take up a bounty on. The 
Galaxy News was on, so she decided to watch that for information, but 
what she heard shocked her beyond belief.

"I hear news from planet Velsa. The First Crowned Princess Ryoko is to 
ascend to the throne within a week and two weeks later she is to be 
married to a young nobleman named Lord Tenchi Masaki. Now back to the 
International Money Line," said a green haired newscaster.

Nagi's narrow, red eyes were about ready to pop out of her head. She 
was confused and shocked at the same time. She needed to make a visit 
to her older sister. She wanted to know what was possessing her to 
marry a Juraian.

"Ken-Ohki! Set your coordinates on 41-0. We're heading out to planet 
Velsa!" commanded Nagi.

"Choooooowwww!" cried Ken-Ohki.

'Damnit, Ryoko. Why can't you keep out of trouble?' thought Nagi as she 
headed towards Velsa. 

Back on Velsa, preparations for the ascension to the throne and Ryoko's 
marriage to Tenchi were being made. Tenchi and Ryoko were made to sleep 
in separate rooms ever since her two guardians found out about what 
happened that one night between them. It had been about four days since 
she had arrived there and in about four more days, she would be Empress 
of planet Velsa. 

She was nervous, but now she was also disturbed. She was having 
nightmares about the wedding. In these nightmares, she and Tenchi were 
being married and after the kiss that shared, a man dressed in all in 
red with a black Velsan cloak attacked them, but didn't kill them. He 
said to her to choose between the man she loved dearly or the crown 
that her parents left behind for her. This is where her nightmares 
would usually end. She was worried that this was a premonition. She 
also didn't understand how one her own people could find out that 
Tenchi was Juraian and Terran when that was well concealed from the 
public's grasp. She didn't know who want to do this to her, but she was 
pretty sure that it was one of the assassins that killed her parents, 
but until she knew with absolution, she would be worried and scared 
until that day came.

Ryoko was sitting on her bed with all of these thoughts flowing through 
her mind. She had an anguished look upon her face. She heard a knock at 
the door and decided that she would try and let the matter rest.

"Who is it?" she asked.

"It's Tenchi," replied the voice.

"Oh, come in," she answered.

Tenchi walked into her room to see her quite disturbed. He walked over 
to her and sat down beside her. He took her hand in his and tried 
speaking to her.

"What's wrong, Ryoko?" he asked worriedly.

"Nothing really, I've just been having some nightmares. That's all," 
she replied.

"Nightmares huh? What were they about?" he inquired.

"I really don't wanna talk about it," she said quietly.

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Yeah, I'm very sure," she replied.

Downstairs in the main hall, there was a knock on the door and Marcos 
went to answer it. When he saw who it was, his jaw dropped to the 
floor.

"Is Ryoko here?" asked the guest.

"Yes, my Lady," said Marcos, who was still in shock.

"Could you take me to her?" she asked.

"Why don't I just bring her down here to see you?" he asked.

"Very well," she said.

"I'll go and get her. Come on in and stay right in this room. I'll be 
back in a few minutes," said Marcos as he went to get Ryoko.

The guest was left standing in the main hall as she waited patiently 
for Ryoko. 

Back in Ryoko's room, she and Tenchi were cuddled up against each other 
on her bed. Right at that moment, there was a knock at her door. She 
walked over to the door and opened it. Standing there was the younger 
guardian Marcos.

"Yes, Marcos, what is it?" she asked.

"Guess who is here to see you?" he asked her, mischievously.

"Who?" she asked, now puzzled.

"Why don't we go downstairs and I'll let you see for yourself," he 
said, slyly.

Ryoko raised her left eyebrow questionably, but then lowered it, seeing 
that she wasn't going to get an answer out of him. Ryoko turned to face 
Tenchi who was still in her room and gave him an apologetic smile. He 
smiled back at her warmly as she went downstairs with Marcos to see 
what he was talking about. 

When they reached the downstairs hall to meet Ryoko's guest, Ryoko's 
mouth went agape. Standing before her was her little sister Nagi. Nagi 
walked up to Ryoko and just stood in front of her with a blank 
expression and Ryoko did the same. Marcos looked at the two of them 
trying to figure out what was going on.

Ryoko couldn't hold it in anymore. Her lips cracked into a smile, which 
then formed into a grin. Nagi just shook her head.

"You were never any good at that game. Were you Ryoko?" asked Nagi, 
slyly.

"You should know! It's the only game that you've been able to beat me 
at!" exclaimed Ryoko. "Enough of this though. Why are you here, 
sister?"

Nagi's lips were smiling at her. "I heard on the news that you are to 
marry Tenchi."

Ryoko's eyes lit up, knowing that her sister was here because of that. 
"So, are you here to congratulate me and tell me that you'll be the 
wedding and my coronation?"

Nagi's smile disappeared. "No, Ryoko, I'm not here for that cause, but 
I am here for a cause pertaining to that matter."

Ryoko's brow creased as a frown appeared upon her face. "What would 
that be?"

Nagi looked at her seriously. "Don't marry Tenchi, if you want to 
live!"

"What are you talking about?! I am perfectly safe in this marriage and 
the public will never know about his origins. What makes you say this?" 
asked a frustrated Ryoko.

"How do you know that nobody will find out about his origins?! How can 
you be so sure?!" asked Nagi, who was equally frustrated.

"Because Prime Minister Milos assured me!" Ryoko shot back.

Nagi's angry expression softened a bit. "I see. You are in good hands 
then. I shall be leaving now and know that I will be at your wedding 
and your coronation. Until then, sister."

Ryoko watched Nagi leave. She was happy that her sister would be 
attending both events. She ran back up the stairs and to her room. She 
opened the door to find Tenchi still there and waiting for her. She 
smiled at him and he smiled back. She sat down on the bed next to him 
and put her head on his left shoulder while he wrapped his left arm 
around her.

"So, who was this guest that was waiting for you downstairs?" asked 
Tenchi.

"My sister," replied Ryoko.

Tenchi looked at her curiously. "What did she want?"

"Well, she told me that she would be attending my coronation and my 
wedding," said Ryoko, who in turn decided to exclude the rest of the 
details.

"That sounds nice," replied Tenchi.

"Mmhmm," agreed Ryoko.

Tenchi looked at Ryoko again, but now questionably. "What do you want 
to do now?"

Ryoko gave him a sly grin. Tenchi's eyes widened at what she was 
implying to do. She pushed him down on the bed and gave him a loving, 
yet libidinous look. She carefully pulled off his shirt and started 
kissing him. Tenchi responded in kind. Ryoko was moving down Tenchi's 
chest and once she reached his belt, she stopped. Tenchi then pulled 
her back up and rolled on top of her. He then proceeded to undo the 
buttons on her blouse. Once her own shirt was off, Ryoko pulled off 
Tenchi's pants and boxers. Tenchi pulled off the long skirt that Ryoko 
was wearing as well. He noticed that this time she was not wearing any 
undergarments. Ryoko kissed him passionately before they made love a 
second time.

Tenchi was showering kisses all over Ryoko's body. She mirrored his 
motions. Ryoko moaned slightly when Tenchi began to nibble on her 
flesh. She in turn began to nibble at his left ear and kiss his neck. 
Tenchi desperately wanted to be inside of her, so he pushed her down on 
the bed and slid himself into her. She cried out his name as her arms 
clung to his back with her head resting upon his right shoulder. Her 
legs were wrapped tightly around his waist. She closed her eyes and 
enjoyed the pleasure that was being given to her. 

Once they were done, perspiration was gleaming upon their nude bodies 
and they were both panting heavily. They collapsed on the bed, side by 
side, pressed up against each other. They were extremely tired, but 
they knew that they shouldn't fall asleep because they might be found 
out again. They both got up slowly and got dressed as quickly as 
possible. When they were done getting dressed, Ryoko walked over to 
Tenchi and gave him a quick, gentle kiss before he left the room.

Ryoko stood in the middle of her room hugging herself. She was very 
happy with how well things were going between her and Tenchi. She was 
also happy to know that her sister would be there for the two most 
important events in her life. She opened her door and walked downstairs 
to the large family room. She noticed that Marcos and Adrian were in 
there and as soon as she walked in they both looked at her, red faced.

"What are you two staring at?" she asked, curiously.

"Well, Princess, did you know that you are very loud?" asked an 
embarrassed Marcos.

"Yes, very loud," agreed an equally embarrassed Adrian.

It took Ryoko a few seconds for her mind to register what they were 
saying. Her own face turned beet red. "I'm sorry. You could hear me?"

Her guardians both nodded. She gave them an embarrassed grin. "Well, 
I'll muffle myself next time, ok?"

Adrian gave her a disapproving look. "Princess Ryoko, you know that you 
shouldn't be doing this. We let it slide the first time, but if this 
continues, I'll have to follow you everywhere to make sure that it 
never happens again until you are married. Am I understood?"

Ryoko sighed unhappily. "Yes, Adrian, I get the point."

"You may kiss him, but you are not allowed to do any of the other 
stuff, alright?" he said a little more gently.

Ryoko nodded her head. Adrian smiled at her and she smiled back. She 
knew that she would have to try very hard not to make love to Tenchi 
again before they were married, but for the sake of her people she 
would attempt to remain celibate. She bowed slightly to her guardians 
and walked out of the family room. She was now thinking about the 
nightmares she had been having. She wasn't sure if she should tell 
Tenchi about them just yet if they were premonitions, so if everything 
went well at their wedding, then she would tell him. For right now, it 
was best to keep things under wraps until then. 

Ryoko walked back up to her room. It was still three hours until 
dinner, so she had time to take her nap. She was wearing a long and 
form fitting midnight blue gown, which she had bought during her pirate 
days. The sleeves were similar to Juraian ones and she was also wearing 
her favorite long sleeved, light violet cropped vest. She carefully 
took off her vest and placed it on the chair that belonged to her 
vanity set. Her bed was already undone due to previous circumstances, 
so she crawled under the covers and fell asleep. She was hoping that 
nightmare wouldn't occur during her nap, but it did.

Start Nightmare Sequence

Everyone was beautifully dressed for the ceremony. Ryoko was in a 
beautiful, white Velsan style gown. She walked down the aisle to meet 
Tenchi there. Her whole family was there to see her and Tenchi get 
married, including Ayeka who was in fact the Maid of Honor. She walked 
up to Tenchi and stood next to him. Their faces were glowing with the 
essence of love. 

Right after the Church Minister pronounced them husband and wife, along 
with their kiss, the double doors to the Velsan cathedral flung open to 
reveal a man dressed all in red with a black cloak flowing over him. In 
one hand he had a sword and in the other he had some sort of documents. 
He walked up to Tenchi and Ryoko and pointed his sword directly under 
Ryoko's chin. 

"I am disappointed in you, Empress," said the man.

"Who are you?!" she snarled.

"Who I am is not of your concern. I am here to finish a job which I 
started eight years ago," he said viciously.

Ryoko's eyes narrowed. "You're one of the assassins who killed my 
parents!!!" she growled, furiously.

"Well, yes, I am an assassin, but there was only one assassin who 
killed your parents and that was me," he said, plainly.

"But there were more men there when my parents were killed. I don't 
understand," said a confused Ryoko.

"I am the main assassin of your parents deaths, yes, but I wasn't at 
the actual killing," he said.

"Explain," she said.

"I hired men to do the killing for me, that's all. Besides, I hate to 
get blood on my hands," he said, calmly.

"You bastard! Then why are you trying to kill me if you don't like to 
get you hands bloody?" she asked.

"I just wanted to end the Velsan line of aristocracy by myself. I want 
to be remembered for this, that is why I'm doing it with my own hand," 
he said.

"Go to Hell!" she shouted. 

"But, before I do anything, I have come to make you an offer, so that 
maybe I'll spare your life and his," said the man.

"What is this offer you speak of?" she asked.

"You annul the marriage with this boy and rule your country with me," 
he said, evilly.

"Are you mad!" she cried.

"Maybe, but you choose, this boy or the throne, life or death?" he 
asked her, coldly.

"I will never marry you and rule with you! I love Tenchi!" she shouted. 
"Besides, what could you possibly hold against him?"

"The fact the he has Juraian and Terran blood in him," he announced, 
smugly.

Ryoko gasped at that the fact that he knew this. How had he found out? 
She concluded that he had to be a spy and nothing else.

One of the people sitting in the crowd who was attending the wedding 
stood up. "You lied to us, Empress Ryoko! Now you must choose! Life or 
death?!" shouted the person.

More people stood up, accusing her of defiance while chanting for her 
to choose between life and death. She was scared and screamed loudly. 
She looked at her people in fear and then turned her head to the man in 
red with disgust in her eyes. She walked up to him and said, "I've 
decided."

He looked at her behind his masked eyes. "That was fast. Are you sure 
that you've decided on it wisely, Empress?"

"Yes, I'm positive," she replied.

"And your answer is?" he asked.

"My answer is." she started. She looked at her people once more. 
"Death."

The man's sword quickly slashed at her neck. His sword was bloody as he 
then took Tenchi's life as well along with the rest of her family and 
friends. They were all dead at his feet.

"You will all now bow to your new leader who has ended the line of 
aristocracy on Velsa!" he bellowed.

The people stood before him and bowed deeply as he let out a sinister 
laugh. His laugh echoed throughout the entire cathedral as he walked up 
to Ryoko and Tenchi's dead bodies and spit on both of them. 

The assassin then walked to the throne room and sat on the throne 
grinning evilly. "I've finally gotten rid of the royal family and now 
nothing will stop me from taking over Jurai as well!!!!" He cackled 
louder and louder at the very thought of this. The Velsan Royal family 
was dead and nothing would stop him now.

End Nightmare Sequence

Ryoko woke up with sweat running down her forehead rapidly. Her heart 
was beating extremely fast and she had tears streaming down her cheeks. 
She was praying that this was not a premonition. She was scared out of 
her mind and couldn't fall asleep. She looked at the clock on her 
nightstand. Dinner was in thirty minutes, so she had a little time to 
catch her breath. She was thankful that she didn't scream and disturb 
half of the household, besides, she really didn't feel like explaining 
this nightmare of hers. 

Ryoko wondered that if the person in her nightmare and the person that 
had attacked her the night that she had arrived were the same person or 
somewhat connected with each other. She hoped not and that everything 
would be well at her wedding. She knew that she was disturbing herself 
by thinking too much about this. She decided to put it aside until she 
went to bed that night because she knew that she would have the 
nightmare again.

Ryoko walked out of her room and downstairs. She needed to get out of 
that room for a little while, so she could relax for the time being. 
Being in that room at night made Ryoko nervous. On the way to the 
dining room, she ran into Tenchi. Tenchi could see signs of distress 
written on her face. She looked at him oddly, wondering what he was 
staring at.

"Ryoko, are you ok?" he asked, concerned.

"Of course I am, Tenchi. I've never felt better," she said, lying 
through her teeth.

Tenchi wasn't buying it. "Come on Ryoko, what's bothering you?"

"Nothing is bothering me, Tenchi! Jeez! Would you stop interrogating me 
like I'm some wanted criminal again?!" she asked, exasperated.

Tenchi looked at her stunned. He knew that something was bothering her 
by the tone her voice, but that he shouldn't pry any further unless he 
wanted his head bitten off. He walked up to the upset Ryoko and soothed 
her.

"I'm sorry for not believing you. If you do have something bothering 
you though, you know you can always talk to me about it. I won't push 
you away anymore," he said, gently.

Ryoko looked up at him and smiled warmly. "I know Tenchi. I just don't 
feel like talking about it, ok?"

Tenchi gave her an understanding look. "When you are ready to talk 
about it though, my door's always open."

"Thank you, my Tenchi," she said quietly as she embraced him.

"No problem, my Ryoko," he replied.

Ryoko grinned slightly at the term of affection. She knew that she was 
going to love be called that. She snuggled closer to him as he held her 
tighter. She loved being close to him. She broke away from the embrace 
and looked up at him again.

"They're waiting for us in the dining room," she said.

"You're right. Let's go," he said as he offered his arm to Ryoko. Ryoko 
took his arm gratefully as they went off to dinner.

Ryoko knew that she was going to have to cherish each and every moment 
she had with Tenchi just before her wedding because they might be the 
last times she would ever be with him in this life if that nightmare 
was a premonition. She hung her slightly as Tenchi accompanied to 
dinner, hoping to God that she was wrong.

Back at the Masaki residence, Washu could feel her niece's pain. She 
went through Ryoko's nightmare in her head over and over again, trying 
to depict the assassin, but it wasn't working.

'Ryoko, wherever you are, I'll always be here for you. I just wish that 
I had the courage to tell you that we are related, that way I could 
teach you how not to let your dreams and thoughts stray through our 
link. I just want you to be careful and to know that I'll always love 
you, my little niece, Ryoko,' thought Washu with tears streaming down 
her cheeks.

Washu cried for a long time, until she fell asleep in her lab. She 
dreamed of the happiness that she longed for in her life, which was to 
have a family of her own. In her dream, Ryoko was her daughter and the 
dream depicted them as the perfect loving family. All Washu had to do 
was to try and attempt to realize her dream before it was too late.




A/N: Okay, no comments on this chapter. I hope you are enjoying this 
series so far. Ja ne! 








