Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are 
the sole property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the story that belong 
to me are the ones I made up, other than that I don't own the rest of the 
characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after Tenchi 
Forever.







To Rule Or To Love
Chapter Ten


Ryoko woke up the next morning refreshed. That evening, she would be crowned as 
the Empress of Velsa. She would also be celebrating her birthday as well. She 
then got out of bed and threw a robe over her white nightgown. She proceeded to 
leave her room and walk downstairs to have breakfast.

When Ryoko got down there, she found that Ayeka, Tenchi, and Sasami were already 
there and awake. Ryoko grumbled slightly.

'Man! They're always up before me! I thought that for once that I would be the 
one to wake up before them,' she thought.

"Good morning, Ryoko," Ayeka greeted her with a smile.

"Good morning, Ryoko," said a cheerful Sasami.

Tenchi then walked up to her and wrapped his arms around her waist. "Good 
morning, my love," he said as he gave her a gentle kiss on the lips.

"You seem very happy to see me," she purred.

"Aren't I always?" he asked her, grinning.

Ryoko pretended to look thoughtful. "Hmm.good point."

"So, it looks like you woke up early, for a change," Ayeka observed.

"Well, not early enough by the looks of it," Ryoko pointed out.

Tenchi looked at her puzzled. "Uh, Ryoko...we've only been awake for twenty 
minutes."

"Huh? Are you serious?" she asked.

Tenchi nodded. "Well, yeah."

At that moment, Sasami's eyes widened with realization. "Hey, Ryoko?"

"Yeah, kiddo?" she asked.

"I almost forgot! Happy birthday!" cheered Sasami.

Ryoko's eyes nearly bulged out. 'I almost forgot my own birthday!'

Ryoko regained her composure and smiled at the little girl. "Why thank you, 
Sasami!"

Sasami giggled and then Ayeka spoke, "Ryoko, why don't we have a birthday party 
before your coronation this evening?"

"Umm.Ayeka, there are already preparations for a birthday party right after my 
coronation," Ryoko explained.

"Let me clear that up. What I meant was a birthday party with us only," said 
Ayeka.

Ryoko grinned. "Oh!"

Tenchi moved up to Ryoko and kissed her once more. "Happy birthday, darling."

Ryoko blushed at that term. 'He has never called me that. Well, I don't know for 
sure, but I don't ever remember him calling me that. Oh well!'

"I'm gonna make the cake! Who wants to help?" asked Sasami.

"I will, Sasami," Ayeka volunteered.

"Great, Ayeka!" Sasami said smiling. "Umm.Ryoko? Where's the kitchen?"

"See those glass double door with the gold and silver handles?" Ryoko asked.

"Yeah," answered Sasami.

"The kitchen is right through them. Make yourselves at home in there, ok?" said 
Ryoko.

Sasami and Ayeka both nodded as they made their way into the kitchen to make 
Ryoko's birthday cake.

At that moment, Nagi had decided to show up downstairs, wearing white pajamas. 
She looked at the bewildered expressions on Ryoko and Tenchi's faces. She then 
realized what they were looking at and blushed.

'Nagi's blushing! That's one thing I never thought I would see her do. I wonder 
if Ryoko has, though,' Tenchi thought.

"Hey, Ryoko?" said Tenchi.

"Yes, dear?" she asked with a loving smile.

"Umm.does your sister blush often?" he asked.

"No, not very often. Why?" she asked, confused.

"Well, she's doing it right now," he said.

"She is?" she asked. 

"Yeah! I mean, look at her face," he said.

Ryoko looked at her sister's face and almost started laughing. Nagi was blushing 
even harder now, due to the fact that both Tenchi and Ryoko were both looking at 
her and talking about her, while she was right there!

"I, uh.I have to go change!" said Nagi as she rushed back upstairs.

Once Nagi was out of sight, Ryoko shook her head and said, "Poor Nagi. She never 
was used to being the center of attention."

"And you were?" asked Tenchi.

Ryoko grinned. "Yep! And I still am!"

"What do you want for your birthday, darling?" he asked.

"Truthfully?" she asked.

Tenchi nodded. "Of course."

"Hmm.I guess I would like a way to cover up my pregnancy tonight," she said.

"Maybe it wasn't such a good idea for Washu to speed up the pregnancy, huh?" he 
said.

"No, Tenchi. I don't regret that in the least, but I need something to at least 
hide the ever growing bulge in my stomach," she said.

"How about a cloak?" he suggested, but then quickly added, "If you're allowed to 
wear one during the ceremony, that is."

"Brilliant, Tenchi! I have one that would go great with my dress and if anyone 
asks I'll just tell them that I'm sporting a new look," said a beaming Ryoko.

"Well, my dear, just don't eat too much cake. They don't need to see more of 
you," he said, playfully.

Ryoko, also being equally playful, swatted his arm gently. "Oh, you!"

At that precise moment, Nagi came downstairs in Earth style clothing. She was 
wearing an oversized, white T-shirt and a pair of boot cut, stone washed jeans. 
Her hair was not held back in its usual style, but instead, it was now flowing 
freely all around her face and it reached all the way down to her neck in loose 
locks.

Ryoko and Tenchi just stared, gawking at the transformation. Nagi gave them 
weird looks and said, "What is wrong with you two? I've changed and no, I'm not 
blushing!"

Ryoko shook her head ruefully and said, "Nagi, I never thought I'd say this, 
but.you look great!"

Nagi blushed faintly. "You really think I look ok?"

"Of course you do! After all, you are my sister," said Ryoko.

Nagi rolled her eyes and walked closer to them. She looked at Ryoko's stomach 
and her eyes widened.

"Umm.Ryoko? Why is your stomach bigger than it was yesterday?" asked Nagi, who 
was quite startled.

"Huh?" said Ryoko as she looked down at her stomach. She looked at her stomach 
in shock as she said, "Oh my God!"

"You noticed too, huh?" said Nagi.

"My stomach has doubled in size from where it was Nagi! How I am not supposed to 
notice?" asked Ryoko.

"You didn't notice it a few minutes ago," said Nagi.

"I was too busy to notice," Ryoko retorted.

"Busy with what, is the question," said Nagi with a smirk.

"We were not doing anything!" yelled Ryoko.

"Is that true, Tenchi?" asked Nagi.

"Yeah, it's very true. All we were talking about was how to cover Ryoko's 
stomach for the coronation ceremony this evening," said Tenchi with a shrug.

"Oh," said Nagi.

"Okay, since we have that all settled, let's go eat. Sasami is making a cake for 
my birthday right now!" Ryoko said happily.

"But didn't she just make you one yesterday?" asked a confused Nagi.

"Yes, but that was different," said Ryoko.

"How exactly was that different?" asked Nagi, still confused.

"It's different because it wasn't my birthday yesterday. It's my birthday 
today," Ryoko pointed out.

"Is that all?" asked Nagi.

"Well, yeah, basically," said Ryoko.

Nagi rolled her eyes once more. "You really are something else, ya know?"

Ryoko grinned at her sister. "Yes, I am and thank you for noticing."

At that moment Sasami appeared with a big smile on her face as she said, 
"Alright everyone! It's now time for Ryoko's birthday party!"

They all followed her into the dining room for the party and once they were 
inside, they all saw a beautiful cake sitting on the dining table with the words 
that were on the other cake, minus the coronation.

"Thank you, Sasami! The cake looks really beautiful!" Ryoko complimented.

"You're welcome, Ryoko. I'm glad that you like it," said Sasami.

"Sasami, you really outdid yourself this time," said Tenchi.

"Thank you, Tenchi," Sasami giggled.

"Man, this girl really knows how to cook up a storm," Nagi whispered to her 
sister.

"Well, I know that she didn't get her cooking abilities from Ayeka. That much I 
can tell you," Ryoko whispered back.

"And what are you two ladies talking about?" asked Tenchi from behind them.

Startled, they both turned around and gave him cheesy smiles. Ryoko then said, 
"We were just talking about how great Sasami's cooking is."

"Oh! Isn't that the truth, though?" he asked the two girls with a smile.

"Yep," said Ryoko.

"Most definitely," said Nagi.

"Well, everyone, thanks for the compliments on the food, but please do remember 
who's day it is," Sasami pointed out.

Everyone turned to Ryoko and smiled. "Happy birthday, Ryoko!" they cheered in 
unison.

She smiled back and said, "Well, we can't let such a beautiful and I bet 
delicious cake go to waste, so.let's dig in!"

Sasami cut the cake neatly and served it to everyone. Once they were all done 
eating it, Sasami took their plates and brought them into the kitchen to wash 
them when Ryoko stopped her.

"Sasami, you don't have to do that, you know," said Ryoko.

"Why not, Ryoko?" she asked.

"Because like all royalty, we have servants that will do this for us," said 
Ryoko.

"Oh, that's right!" said Sasami.

"Yep!" said Ryoko. "So, all you need to do is put the plates in the sink and 
leave the rest to the servants, ok?"

"Alright," said Sasami.

Sasami carefully placed the dishes in the sink and then walked off. Ryoko 
followed her back into the family room and sat down on the couch with the rest 
of her guests.

"You have a large family room, Ryoko," Ayeka commented.

"My parents modified this room. I have never touched it in its design. It's 
still the same as it was so long ago," said Ryoko.

"Hey, Ryoko?" said Tenchi.

"Yes, Tenchi?" she asked.

"What are we all gonna do for the rest of the day? I mean, we do have a long 
while until your coronation, so what can we all do to pass the time?" he asked.

Ryoko looked pensive and said, "Hmm.why don't we all go shopping?"

Tenchi looked at her skeptically and said, "Uh.Ryoko? I'm a guy. What am I 
supposed to do while you ladies are shopping?"

Ryoko grinned slyly at him. "You're coming with us!"

"What!" Tenchi exclaimed. "You can't be serious!"

"Oh, I'm being quite serious actually," said Ryoko.

"But, I don't anything about shopping!" Tenchi complained.

"Believe me, after today, you will," snickered Ryoko.

"Great. Just great," muttered Tenchi.

"Umm.Ryoko?" said Nagi.

"Yeah, sis?" asked Ryoko.

"I'm not much of a big shopper either, so tell me, what kinds of shopping will 
we be doing?" asked Nagi.

"All kinds. What? Did you think that we'd be looking at clothes all day?" asked 
Ryoko.

"Umm.well.yeah," admitted Nagi.

Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Jeez, Nagi. You should know me better than that. I mean, 
what kind of girl do you think I am?"

"An expensive one," Nagi pointed out.

"Oh, shut up," muttered Ryoko.

"So, Ryoko, where will we be shopping at?" asked Ayeka.

"There are a few stores nearby. I think that we should just stick with those for 
right now," said Ryoko.

"How near are they, Ryoko?" asked Tenchi.

"Pretty near. They're like a few blocks down from the palace," said Ryoko.

"Are they small stores or large stores?" asked Ayeka.

"It varies. Certain stores are large and other ones are small. It will usually 
depend on what kind of business the shopkeeper runs whether the store will be 
large or not," said Ryoko.

"I see," replied Ayeka.

"So, when do we leave?" asked Tenchi.

"As soon as everyone gets dressed," said Ryoko.

"Well then, we might as well do that now. Let's go, Sasami," said Ayeka.

"I'll be there in a minute, Ayeka. I need to ask Ryoko something," said Sasami.

"Alright, but just don't be too long, ok?" said Ayeka.

"Okay," said Sasami.

The rest of them then left to change, leaving Sasami and Ryoko the only ones 
downstairs.

"So, kiddo, what did you want to talk about?" asked Ryoko.

"Well.do you know any kids my age?" Sasami asked nervously.

"Nope. Sorry kiddo, but you're gonna have to look for yourself for a friend 
around these parts. There are hardly any children left," said Ryoko.

"Oh," Sasami said quietly.

Ryoko looked at Sasami sympathetically. "You wanted to make some friends while 
you were here, didn't you?"

Sasami nodded. "I've never had any real friends and I thought that this may be 
my only opportunity to actually make some."

Ryoko had a thoughtful look on her face. "You know.we could ask Nobuyuki if he 
would be willing to enroll you in an Elementary School."

Sasami looked confused. "Elementary School? What's that?"

"It's a school for young children, such as yourself. They're usually from the 
ages of six to ten in this kind of school," said Ryoko.

"Really?" asked Sasami with wide eyes.

"Yep," said Ryoko.

"So, you'll try to convince Tenchi's father to put me in this school?" asked 
Sasami.

"Sure thing, Sasami," said Ryoko with a smile.

"Thanks, Ryoko!" said Sasami as she ran upstairs to go change for their outing.

Ryoko smiled as the little girl left. She then left herself to go and change.

Back at the Velsan noble's home, he had just finished his plans on how to get 
rid of Ryoko. He also had thought of a back up for that very day, so that maybe 
he could get rid of her before the wedding without harming the others.

"You all understand the plan, right?" the Velsan noble asked his mass of 
minions.

"Yes, Sir!" they all exclaimed in unison.

"You attack the Princess. You will not touch the rest of her group," said the 
noble.

"Yes, Sir!" they exclaimed in unison again.

"I want you all to proceed to every nearby city near the palace in Velsa. Hide 
wherever is needed and when you see Princess Ryoko, attack!"

They all nodded and left. The Velsan noble had an evil look on his face. 'If you 
can get away from this attack, Ryoko, I'll have to kill you myself along with 
your friends at your wedding!'

Back at the palace, everyone was changed and ready to go shopping. Ryoko had 
decided to wear her cloak because of the massive bulge in her stomach.

They left the palace and walked to a store called Italbring. Tenchi looked at 
the name with a dumbfounded look on his face.

"Uh.Ryoko? What does that name mean?" he asked.

"Hmm?" she asked as she looked to where he was pointing. She then looked at him 
and said, "It means music store."

"Oh," said Tenchi. "What kind of music do your people listen to?"

"It's just like Earth style music, only in a different language," she explained.

"Well, would it be alright if I went inside to take a look?" he asked.

"Sure, Tenchi! I'm coming with you though," she said.

"I'm not complaining," he said with a grin.

They both smiled at each other and entered the store. Ayeka was still walking 
around the plaza until she saw a sign, which caught her interest.

"Itailimo," said Ayeka as she looked at the sign. She did not notice that Nagi 
was right behind her.

"It means bookstore," said Nagi from behind her.

Startled, Ayeka turned around to see who was there and relaxed when she saw that 
it was Nagi.

"Bookstore, you say?" questioned Ayeka.

"All kinds of books and in many different languages," said Nagi. "Even Juraian."

"Hmm.I think I want to see for myself. Will you show me around the store?" asked 
Ayeka.

"Sure," said Nagi as they walked into the bookstore, Sasami trailing behind 
them.

The Velsan noble's assassins were surrounding the plaza in different locations 
of it. 

One assassin took out his audio speaker to speak to the noble. "Sir, we have 
found our prey."

The Velsan noble smiled sinisterly in his quarters. "Excellent. Attack her when 
she is in view and if anyone of her little group tries to get in your way, kill 
them."

"Understood, Sir," said the assassin as he turned off his communicator.

This assassin and the other assassins watched the stores, which they had spotted 
Ryoko and the two groups that she and her friends had separated into go inside 
of, waiting for them to exit.

In the music store, Tenchi was having a hard time reading the labels on the 
CD's. He was surprised that Ryoko's planet had such a primitive form of 
technological usage of entertainment.

Ryoko looked over his shoulder and then at the CD that he was holding. She 
looked back at him and noticed the almost bewildered look on his face.

"Is something wrong?" she asked him.

Tenchi turned his head towards her and said, "Not really. I'm just a little 
shocked that this store actually has CD's."

"And why do you find that so shocking?" she asked.

Tenchi shrugged. "Because I thought that your planet would be much more highly 
advanced than Earth is."

Ryoko shook her head. "Our planet is very near to Earth in technological 
advancements. We are actually a little behind in comparison to Earth."

"But I thought that other civilizations in space would be more advanced than 
Earth, considering that it is a back water planet," he said.

"True, most planets are, but there are exceptions to the rule," said Ryoko.

"I guess you're right, Ryoko," he said with a smile. "Come on, I want to see 
what truly is the best music they have in here."

"Alright, let's start over there," she said pointing to a section of music CD's.

Tenchi nodded and followed her there.

Inside of the bookstore, Nagi was directing Ayeka and Sasami towards the section 
that held Juraian books.

"It is a good sized collection," Ayeka observed.

"It has to be. This planet gets a lot of travelers," said Nagi.

"Ayeka, can I get this one?" asked Sasami, pointing to a Juraian fairy tale.

"I suppose, Sasami, but don't you already have that story?" asked Ayeka.

"Nope, that was another one. That one was about the unicorn and the princess. 
This one is about a mage and a priestess," she said.

"Well, I guess it's ok then. Just hold onto the book Sasami and when I'm done 
looking for the book that I want, we'll go and pay for them," said Ayeka.

"Alright, Ayeka," said Sasami with a smile as she went off to another part of 
the store.

"Hmm.I don't suppose that they would have a book called "Villette" by Charlotte 
Bronte?" asked Ayeka.

Nagi grumbled. "You're into those classics, aren't ya?"

"Yes, I am. So, what point are you trying to make?" asked a confused Ayeka.

"My mother would drag me all over the store and buy all types of classic 
literature. She would buy these books for me and then test me on them," said 
Nagi.

"What about Ryoko? Didn't your mother ever make her do anything?" asked Ayeka.

Nagi scowled at the thought. "No, she never did anything like that to Ryoko. As 
far as our parents were concerned, Ryoko was the perfect child and didn't need 
to be disciplined, so they let her do whatever she wanted. Little did they know 
that she would become one of the most wanted criminals in the Universe."

"So, they always favored Ryoko?" asked Ayeka.

"Yep, always," confirmed Nagi.

"I feel that way too with Sasami, but I would never give up my sister for 
anything in the world," said Ayeka with a small smile.

Nagi smiled back. "And neither would I."

Back outside on the plaza, the assassins were patiently awaiting their victims.

One of the assassin's eyes caught sight of a blue pigtail. He then proceeded to 
communicate this message to the rest of the assassins.

"Psst!" he said. "I caught sight of one of the groups."

Another assassin responded back to him on his own communicator. "Is it the one 
with Ryoko?"

"Negative. Princess Ryoko is still inside one of the stores," said the first 
assassin.

"Then let me know when she comes out, so that way I can inform the others," said 
the second assassin.

"Gotcha!" said the first assassin.

Back in the music store, Tenchi and Ryoko were purchasing the CD's that they had 
bought.

"Oh! I can't wait to get home and listen to this," said Ryoko, while looking at 
the CD that she was about ready to buy.

"I thought that you wanted to go to more places," said Tenchi.

"I did, but I think I should relax. I shouldn't be on my feet all day because 
of, well, you know," said a blushing Ryoko.

"Oh!" said Tenchi, who finally caught her meaning.

The two of them finished buying their CD's and walked out of the store.

The first assassin from before was crouched behind a bush when he saw Ryoko. He 
grabbed his communicator and contacted the other assassin whom he was speaking 
to before.

"She's here!" he said quietly into the communicator.

"Good. I'll gather up my side of the troops and you do the same," said the 
second assassin.

"Right," the first assassin replied.

In the middle of the plaza stood Tenchi, Ryoko, Nagi, Ayeka and Sasami all 
carrying bags full of things that they had bought.

"So, Sasami, what did you buy?" asked Ryoko.

"A fairy tale," said Sasami.

"Really? What's it about?" asked Ryoko.

"A mage and a priestess," said Sasami.

"Wait a minute. I think I've read that story before," said Ryoko.

"You have?" asked Sasami.

"Mmhmm, I believe so. Do the mage and the priestess fall in love in this story?" 
asked Ryoko, just to make sure.

"Yep!" Sasami confirmed.

"That's the one," said Ryoko.

Back behind the bushes the assassins were ready to attack.

"Get ready," said the first assassin. "Now!"

All of the assassins jumped out of the bushes and cornered Ryoko and her 
friends.

"Who are you people and what do you want?" she asked, venomously.

"We are assassins and we want your life!" the first assassin said in a dangerous 
voice.

"Well, you're gonna have to get through me first if you want her!" exclaimed 
Tenchi.

"Tenchi! Don't." but Tenchi cut Ryoko off before she could finish.

"Ryoko, please listen to me. I'm not going to die on you," he reassured.

"But I want to help you, Tenchi!" she exclaimed.

"I know you do, Ryoko, but you shouldn't. Not in your condition at least," he 
reminded her.

"Tenchi, please be careful," said Ryoko, who was now in tears.

"Don't worry, love. I'll be fine," he said, giving her a warm smile.

Ryoko smiled back at him and then stepped back and joined Nagi, Ayeka and Sasami 
from where they were standing.

"Well, this will take no more than two seconds. You puny mortal cannot and will 
not beat a Velsan!" the first assassin hissed.

"We'll just see about that," said Tenchi as he pulled out Tenchi-ken and ignited 
it.

The first assassin sneered. "How utterly appropriate. A light sword. Alright, if 
that's how you want to play it, so be it."

The first assassin drew out a green light sword and without warning attacked 
Tenchi.

Tenchi however, remembered that he had the Light Hawk Wings now, so he could 
easily defeat this assassin. Tenchi summoned all of his power and gave his 
mental barrier a strong push. He suddenly felt a heat on his forehead and knew 
that the marking of the gods was there. He let the wings pass over him and his 
whole outfit transformed into blue and white armor. He took the Light Hawk Wing 
sword and dodged the assassin's attack.

"Pretty good, Terran," he growled.

"Do you give up?" asked Tenchi.

"Never!" the assassin shouted as he flung himself once more at Tenchi.

Tenchi was unbeatable because every time the assassin would try to swing at him, 
Tenchi would take him out automatically.

Tenchi dodged each and every one of the assassin's attacks. He had to admit that 
his opponent was strong, but he lacked inner strength and that was the 
assassin's biggest failure.

The assassin stabbed Tenchi with his sword in his right arm and he smiled 
victoriously.

"Not so tough now, eh Terran?" he asked, mockingly.

Tenchi looked at his wound, but then noticed that it was healing itself quickly. 
Once the wound was done healing itself, he thrust his sword at the assassin's 
chest and left him there, dying.

"On the contrary, I am very tough," Tenchi said calmly to the dying body as he 
walked away from it.

"Tenchi!" cried Ryoko as she flung herself into his arms. "Are you all right?"

Tenchi nodded. "Yeah, I'm fine. It's just a little scratch. No big deal."

Ryoko shot an icy glare at the assassins. She would have killed them herself if 
she weren't pregnant.

"Okay.who's next?" Tenchi asked the assassins calmly.

All of the assassins paled in fear and bolted back to the Velsan noble's home.

"Oh, Tenchi. I thought that there weren't going to be any more problems for us, 
but I guess I was wrong," said Ryoko, unhappily.

Tenchi just held Ryoko to him tightly and said, "There is nothing wrong with 
being optimistic, Ryoko. We just need to be more careful, that's all."

Ryoko looked up at him, smiled and nodded. "You're right, Tenchi."

"Let's go home now, Ryoko," he said.

Ryoko just nodded and then they all made their way back to the palace.

Back at the Velsan noble's home, the assassins ended up being yelled at by him.

"What do you mean you didn't kill her!" he shouted.

All of the assassins cringed and one said, "The one she is to marry can create 
the Light Hawk Wings!"

The noble cringed for a second, but then scowled. "The Light Hawk Wings. Damn 
him! I'm going to need much more divine warriors to be my assassins. You are all 
relieved from this job."

"Yes, Sir!" they exclaimed in unison as they walked out of the noble's home.

The noble narrowed his eyes and vowed to himself, "I will kill you, Ryoko! I 
will kill you!!!"

Back at the palace, it was already three in the afternoon when they had all 
returned. Ryoko's coronation was at seven that night, so they had four hours to 
prepare for it and they needed to prepare right then because they had a lot of 
people that needed to get ready.

Ryoko was in her room trying on the coronation dress, which was very tight. She 
tried to squeeze into it, but nothing worked. She needed Washu to fix this 
little dilemma for her.

Ryoko went downstairs to the hallway and opened up the portal to the Masaki 
home. She walked through it with the dress and into Washu's lab.

Ryoko found Washu on her holo-top computer. She walked up to her and tapped her 
on the shoulder, which scared the scientist to death.

"Gah!!!" she yelled. "Don't scare me like that, Ryoko!"

"Sorry, Washu, but it's an emergency," said Ryoko.

"What kind of emergency?" asked Washu.

"Well.my coronation dress won't fit me and the coronation's tonight," said 
Ryoko.

"I see.and I guess that you would like me to enlarge it, is that it?" asked 
Washu.

"Yeah," said Ryoko.

"Ah, that's no problem for a genius like me. Just give me the dress and let me 
make the alterations graphically," said Washu.

"How do you intend on doing that?" asked Ryoko.

Washu grinned at her. "Do you see that machine next to this very computer?"

Ryoko looked to her left and said, "Yeah, so, what about it?"

"If you put something in there, it'll automatically become computer accessible, 
so that way I can alter the size of the dress in order to fit you," said Washu.

"That's great and all, but how do I get it out of the computer?" asked Ryoko.

"You see that little red button on the face of the machine?" asked Washu.

"Yeah," said Ryoko.

"Once you push that, the dress will automatically slide out of the machine," 
said Washu.

"Then what are we waiting for? Let's do it!" exclaimed Ryoko.

Ryoko then handed Washu the dress. Washu then put it into the machine, plopped 
back down on her computer chair and started making the alterations to it.

"I need to measure you first before I finalize anything," said Washu.

Ryoko sighed. "Fine."

Washu walked up to her and put a tape measure around her stomach. Once Washu got 
the measurements, she walked back to her computer and entered them, which 
adjusted the dress slightly.

"Is it done?" asked Ryoko.

Washu nodded. "Yep! Let's get it out now, so you can try it on."

Ryoko walked up to the machine and pressed the red button, which caused her 
coronation dress to come out of it.

"Do you have anywhere I can change?" asked Ryoko.

Washu nodded and led Ryoko to her own private bathroom.

"I never knew that this was here," Ryoko observed.

"Of course you didn't, Ryoko. That's why I call it private. I don't want anyone 
to use it, but me," said Washu.

"Then why are you letting me use it?" asked Ryoko.

Washu rolled her eyes. "Because I don't have much of a choice right now."

"Oh," said Ryoko.

"Now hurry up and try it on," said Washu.

Ryoko grumbled slightly at Washu's tone of voice and then entered the bathroom 
to try on the altered dress.

Five minutes later, Ryoko came out of the bathroom in the dress she was wearing 
when she got there.

"Well, did it fit?" asked Washu.

Ryoko nodded. "Yeah, it fits just fine."

"Good, well, have a nice coronation tonight, Ryoko," said Washu with a smile.

"Thanks, Washu," said Ryoko, returning the smile.

Ryoko then walked through the portal and she was back at the palace. She rushed 
upstairs, knowing that she only had two more hours before she was coronated.

In Tenchi's guestroom, Tenchi was having a hard time putting on the Velsan robes 
that were given to him. He found them more of a hassle to put on than Juraian 
robes. Just at that moment, Ryoko walked in, wearing her coronation gown, 
complete with her cape.

"Having fun, dear?" Ryoko teased.

Tenchi scowled at her. "It's not funny!"

Ryoko giggled. "Oh, but I think that it's hysterical!"

Tenchi grumbled at her remark, but for the most part, remained silent. He 
attempted to try and get the Velsan robes on him, but it wasn't working. He kept 
on struggling, until Ryoko tapped him on his left shoulder lightly. He turned 
around and noticed that Ryoko was smiling softly at him.

"Tenchi? Would you like me to help you with that?" she asked, sweetly.

"Uh.sure," he said.

Ryoko proceeded to loop the strappings of the robes around his arms. She noticed 
that he had gotten the shirt on, so all she needed to worry about was his pants. 

Ryoko grabbed Tenchi's pants off of the bed and proceeded to help him into them. 
They were slightly different from Earth style pants because they were cuffed at 
the bottom of each leg and inside of the bottom of each leg was a strap for each 
foot, sort of like a stirrup.

Once she was done, she kissed Tenchi lightly on his right cheek and then said, 
"I'll see you at the coronation."

With that said, she left his room. Tenchi then looked in the mirror to double-
check himself. He had to admit that he didn't look half-bad in the clothes that 
he was wearing. Tenchi then looked at the clock and noticed that it was an hour 
and a half before the coronation was to begin.

Tenchi just sat wordlessly on his bed and let the time pass.

In Ayeka and Sasami's guestroom, they were getting dressed in Velsan clothing as 
well. Ayeka was used to wearing different types of clothing, but Sasami wasn't, 
so she had to help her little sister with her dress.

Nagi was already ready, just like Ryoko and Tenchi were. She hated wearing 
dresses. She believed that they didn't look right on her because her features 
were somewhat boyish. Her body was a different story, though. She and Ryoko had 
been praised about their bodies ever since they were about thirteen, the year 
before she and Ryoko went their separate ways. She then cleared her thoughts and 
looked at the clock in her room. The coronation was going to start in thirty 
minutes and Nagi had a bad feeling about it.

Those thirty minutes had passed quickly and it was time. The Velsan people were 
already in the cathedral, waiting for their future leader to arrive.

"Grr.could they have made the dress any longer!" Ryoko growled sarcastically.

"We're very sorry, Princess, but all coronation dresses are made that long," 
said Marcos.

"Swell," muttered Ryoko.

Nagi was also complaining about her dress, while Tenchi, Ayeka and Sasami 
remained quiet. They walked into the cathedral and then all of the Velsan people 
that were there stood up and bowed. Marcos and Adrian were holding the back of 
Ryoko's long dress, while they made their way up to the alter. Ayeka, Sasami, 
Tenchi and Nagi all sat down in the back of the large room, so that they 
wouldn't be seen be the people to draw attention to themselves.

Once Ryoko was at the altar, Marcos and Adrian let go of her gown. Ryoko stood 
patiently in front of Prime Minister Milos who had the crown cradled in his 
hands.

"Princess Ryoko!" the Prime Minister's voice boomed.

"Yes, Prime Minister?" she asked.

"Are you willing to sacrifice your life for your people and for those whom you 
love the most?" he inquired.

"Yes," she replied.

"Are you willing to go through trials given by the Velsan law?" he asked.

"Yes," she answered.

"Last question. Are you willing to follow line by line, page by page of the 
Velsan law book in everything you do?" he asked.

At that question, Ryoko became hesitant. She looked around the room for Tenchi 
and once she saw him, she noticed him nodding his head. She then turned her face 
back to the Prime Minister and said, "Yes."

"Well then, kneel Princess Ryoko," he said.

Ryoko kneeled in front of him, while he drew out a large sword and gently tapped 
her right shoulder with it.

"You have shown us that you are bold enough to take on the task of being this 
planet's leader, so now rise as your title is changed to Empress Ryoko," he 
said.

Ryoko rose from her position on the floor, turned around and looked at her 
people. She could see all of them get up from their chairs and cheer. 

Ryoko made her way from the altar to the back of the room, with Marcos and 
Adrian holding the back of her dress again. 

Once she got to the back of the room, she hugged her friends and sister. 

"We're all happy for you, Ryoko," said Nagi.

"Thanks, sis, that means a lot to me," said Ryoko with a smile.

Tenchi then walked up to her and hugged her, while he said, "Ryoko, I love you 
and I know that you did the right thing."

"Thank you, my love," she replied with a tearful smile.

Ayeka and Sasami then walked up to her and they both hugged her from both of her 
sides and she hugged them back.

"Empress Ryoko?" said Marcos.

Ryoko turned her attention to him. "Yes, Marcos, what is it?"

"Everybody is leaving for your birthday party now, are you coming?" he asked.

Ryoko shook her head. "I don't think that I should. I'm feeling kinda tired."

"I understand," said Marcos.

"You and Adrian will watch over the people," said Ryoko.

"Very well. There is something else that you should know about," said Marcos.

"What is it?" she asked.

"Your wedding date has been changed," he started.

"To when?" she asked.

"If you don't include today, your wedding will be in four days," he finished.

"WHAT!" she bellowed. "Who ordered this!"

"Prime Minister Milos," he said.

Ryoko grimaced and then said, "Fine. Just go now."

"Yes, Empress," said Marcos with a bow. He then left with Adrian for the party.

Ryoko turned back to her group. "If you guys wanna go to the party, go right 
ahead."

They all nodded and left. The only one who stayed with her was Tenchi.

"Are you sure that you don't wanna go?" he asked her.

"Yeah, besides, I'm really not feeling too good," she said.

"Do you want me to stay with you?" he asked.

Ryoko shrugged. "If you want."

Tenchi smiled at her and accompanied her back to her room. Once they got there, 
she opened the door and they both walked into her room. They kicked off their 
shoes and lay down on her bed. Ryoko then snuggled up against Tenchi and held 
him close to her. They both fell asleep shortly afterwards.

Back at the Masaki residence in Washu's lab, Washu was watching the coronation 
via her visual communicator.

"I honestly hope that Ryoko knows what she's doing," Washu said to herself.

Washu then got out of her computer chair and stretched. She the turned off all 
of the lights in the lab and went to bed, still worried about Ryoko.




A/N: I'm so sorry that this chapter took a long time to get out, but it took 
forever to write. Well, anyway, I'm cutting the story down to 16 chapters (I'm 
adding a prologue), due to the fact that I have other stories that need to be 
completed. Well, anyway, I hope that you're enjoying it and ja ne! 











 





  







     

     

     

     

     




