Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the 
story that belong to me are the ones I made up, other than that I don't 
own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after 
Tenchi Forever.




To Rule Or To Love
Chapter Six


Ryoko slowly opened her eyes and noticed that she wasn't in her room 
anymore, but in some sort of laboratory. She could have sworn that it 
was Washu's lab that she was in by the looks of things. She looked down 
beneath her and saw a floating regeneration bed. She tried to sit up, 
but pain in her left side shot through her whole body, causing her to 
scream. She fell back onto the bed in a lying position. She put her 
left hand on the left side of her waist and brought it up to her face. 
It was painted in blood. Seeing this caused her to faint. 

"Well, she's alive, I can tell ya that much," said a very loud, nasal 
voice.

"Thank God. Is there anything else I need to know?" a young man's voice 
asked.

"Well.can you take anything I can throw at ya?" asked the nasal voice, 
concerned.

"Go ahead and tell me, Little Washu. I can take it," he replied, 
hesitantly.

"Ryoko's pregnant," replied Washu. "She has been for about a few days 
now, Tenchi."

Tenchi looked as though he was about to faint. "How long until she 
gives birth?"

"About three months," she replied. "Would you like to know the sex of 
the child now?"

"No, that's ok, Little Washu, I think that I'll wait," he replied.

"Would you like to see her?" she asked.

"Yes, please," he replied.

"Right this way then," she said as she led him to the regeneration bed 
that Ryoko was lying on.

Tenchi sat down on a chair next to the bed and looked at Ryoko's 
sleeping form. 'She looks so innocent when she's asleep.'

"Tenchi?" said Washu.

"Yeah?" he asked.

"If anything happens let me know, ok?" she said.

Tenchi smiled at her. "Of course!"

Washu smiled back and as she was leaving the regeneration bed she 
thought, 'Thank God I was able to save. She nearly died last night. I 
can't tell Tenchi that I almost lost her because then he'd lose faith 
in me and so would she. I don't need that right now. I just want them 
to be happy with me for the time being before I reveal to Ryoko my 
relation to her. I truly do hope that she and Tenchi find the happiness 
that they have always longed for.'

Back at the regeneration bed, Tenchi noticed that Ryoko's breathing was 
even and that put his mind somewhat to ease. He reached out and took 
her right hand in both of his and kissed it. Ryoko's eyes were slowly 
opening again. She looked to her right and saw a blurry version of 
Tenchi. She smile weakly at him.

"Hey," she said, her voice cracked up and hoarse.

"Hi there. Feeling any better?" he asked gently.

She nodded slightly to signify that she was. She looked back up at the 
ceiling. "Where are we Tenchi?"

"We're in Washu's lab," he replied.

"How did we get here?" she inquired.

"Ryo-Ohki took us here. I just told her to fly us to my house as fast 
as possible," he said.

"Are Marcos and Adrian with here with us?" she asked.

Tenchi shook his head no. "They decided to stay on Velsa, so that they 
could figure out who was trying to kill you. They also decided that 
they would train the royal armada on their own for the possible 
upcoming battle with planet Angolia. They have told me to keep you on 
Earth until your coronation."

"But I need to be there so I can find out if there is a conspiracy 
going on against me. I just can't walk away from my duty!" she choked 
out.

"There is no way I'm letting you go back there in your condition. 
Besides, expecting mothers should not have to worry about such things," 
he replied, hinting.

"What?" she asked, whispering.

"You're pregnant, Ryoko," he said smiling. 

At that very moment, Ryoko fainted for a second time while she was in 
that lab. Tenchi chuckled softly at Ryoko's sudden reaction. He thought 
that he would be the one to lose his nerve, not her.

He got up off of the chair and walked out of the lab. Ayeka greeted him 
when he was finally out of there.

"How is Ryoko doing, Lord Tenchi?" she asked, concerned.

"She's doing just fine now. Washu did tell me something interesting 
though," he said.

"Which is?" she queried.

Tenchi's lips broke out into a large smile. "Ryoko's pregnant!"

Ayeka's face was stunned into absolute silence. She didn't know what to 
say to this revelation. She just stood there for five minutes in 
complete silence.

Tenchi started to become worried. "Umm.Miss Ayeka, is there something 
wrong?"

Ayeka finally broke out of her shocked trance. She looked at Tenchi, 
bewildered. "Are you absolutely positive that Ryoko is pregnant?"

"Yeah, I'm sure. Washu ran tests on her and this is what she came up 
with," he replied shrugging. 

"How does it feel now that you're going to be a father?" Ayeka 
questioned him.

"It feels strange, but good. I'm actually going to have my own child 
and this kind of scares me because I don't really know what to do, but 
I'm sure that we'll love the child with all our hearts," he answered.

Ayeka gave him a warm smile. She knew that Tenchi would be a good 
father once he got the hang of it. She wished that the child that Ryoko 
was carrying was hers, but she knew that Tenchi was deeply in love with 
Ryoko and would never leave her. A part of Ayeka was glad that this was 
so. She just wanted him to be happy, even if he was with Ryoko. She had 
learned to accept it within the past few days and considering her 
decision that happened when she had pushed Ryoko to save Tenchi from 
Haruna herself, she already knew that in way, he was already lost to 
her, but she had decided to grow from her decisions and become a 
stronger person because of it.

"I am very happy for you and Ryoko, Lord Tenchi," she said warmly.

"Thank you, Miss Ayeka. You don't know how much that means to me," he 
said smiling at her with equal warmth.

"Has Miss Washu told you the sex of the child yet?" she asked.

"Well, she offered to tell me, but I refused," he replied.

Ayeka eyed him curiously. "Whatever for?"

"Because I want it to be surprise for me. Some things are just better 
that way," he said.

Ayeka gave him an understanding smile. If he knew right away the gender 
of the child, it would take out all the joy of the pregnancy for him. 
He wanted it to be a surprise and he was willing to walk into it 
blindly considering that this child was created by the love Tenchi and 
Ryoko had for each other.

"I think that I will go and check on Ryoko now," she said.

"Alright, Miss Ayeka. I'll see you at dinnertime then," he said.

With that Tenchi walked off and Ayeka entered the lab. She saw Ryoko on 
the regeneration bed and walked up to it. She sat down in the chair 
that Tenchi had previously sat in while he watched over Ryoko. 

Ayeka sighed as she watched Ryoko. Her best friend was suffering 
because of some bastard and she wanted to know who it was herself. She 
was determined to go back to Velsa with Tenchi and Ryoko to help them 
out on their quest. She heard a grumbling noise and turned to see that 
Ryoko was waking up. Ryoko opened one golden eye and saw Ayeka sitting 
on a chair next to the bed. She yawned and smiled at her.

"Hey chipmunk! Whatcha doin' in here?" she asked.

"I came in here to check up on you. How does it feel to be pregnant?" 
Ayeka inquired.

"I dunno, I just found out today that I was and it's only been three 
days, so the signs won't be there for a while," she replied, shrugging.

"Well, I do have some news for you Ryoko," said Ayeka.

"Oh? What's that?" she asked curiously.

"I've decided to go with you and Lord Tenchi to Velsa once you two 
leave," Ayeka answered. She looked at Ryoko expectantly to answer her.

Ryoko gave her a hesitant look. "I don't know Ayeka. I mean, are you 
sure? You could easily get hurt on this quest."

Ayeka gave her a superior look. "I know that Ryoko and I don't really 
care at this point. You are my best friend and I still love Lord Tenchi 
even though you are with him. I will do anything to help save your 
lives, even die."

Ryoko gave Ayeka teary look. "Ayeka."

Ayeka reached out and grabbed her friend's right hand and squeezed it 
in her left one. "Truly, Ryoko. I will do everything in my power to 
make sure that nothing happens to you two."

"You know what Ayeka? You really are a true friend. I don't know of 
anybody who could replace your friendship towards me because we share a 
bond that I'm gonna cherish next to Tenchi's forever," said the teary 
eyed Ryoko.

"Thank you, Ryoko. I will cherish those words and your friendship 
forever. Would it be okay for me to come along now?" she asked.

"It's okay with me if it's okay with Tenchi," said Ryoko, wiping away 
the tears from her eyes.

"Would you like me to ask him?" Ayeka asked Ryoko.

"Let me do it. I'll convince him to say yes instead of no. I've been 
able to convince him to do a lot of things that he normally wouldn't do 
really well in the past few days," said Ryoko, grinning.

Ayeka blushed at her brazen comment, but smiled as well. 'That sounds 
more like the old Ryoko we all know and love so well.'

"Do you think that Lord Tenchi will let me come with you two if you 
convince him enough?" Ayeka asked seriously.

Ryoko's eyebrows furrowed. "I don't know, Ayeka. I can try and see 
what'll happen, but other than that, I can't tell ya."

Ayeka nodded gratefully at Ryoko. "Well, would you like me to get Miss 
Washu and tell her that you're feeling better or would you like to rest 
here for a little while longer?"

Ryoko had a thoughtful look on her face. "Well.I have been in here for 
a long while and I'm dying to see my Tenchi."

Ayeka looked at her curiously. "So.do you want to or not?" 

"Oh hell, I wanna get out of this lab now!" exclaimed Ryoko, who was 
grinning at full force at thought of seeing Tenchi.

Ayeka giggled at her friend's utter frustration. It was good to see her 
energetic again. She was pretty sure that Tenchi would be the happiest 
though. She helped Ryoko off of the regeneration bed and brought her to 
where Washu was in the lab. 

Once they reached Washu, Washu acknowledged them. "Hey there!" Washu 
then turned her attention to the limping Ryoko who was using Ayeka's 
arm for support.

"Well, Ryoko, you seem to look alright to leave the lab, but I want you 
take these with you though," said Washu.

Ryoko examined the bottle of pills that Washu handed her. "What the 
hell are these supposed to do?"

Washu sighed. "These pills will help you out with your pregnancy, just 
in case something goes wrong and I'm not around to help you. I have ten 
more bottles of them. I'm gonna give them to you before you leave for 
Velsa."

"Does Tenchi know that you're giving me medication?" she asked.

"Yes, I asked him if it was okay to do so and he said to go right ahead 
with it," replied Washu.

"Well, thanks a bunch, Washu," said Ryoko.

"What did I say to everybody about calling me that?" she asked, 
menacingly.

Ryoko winced at the thought of being turned into a water sprite. "Thank 
you, Little Washu," she amended.

Washu's holo-top computer disappeared and she grinned. "That's more 
like it."

Ryoko growled inwardly. 'She really needs to get a life!'

"We shall be leaving the lab now," said Ayeka.

"Alrighty. Umm.Ayeka?" Washu called out before Ayeka had left.

"Make sure that Ryoko actually rests and that she doesn't overuse her 
powers, ok?" asked Washu.

Ayeka nodded and smiled. "Alright." And with that, Ayeka and Ryoko left 
the lab.

Washu shook her head as soon as they were gone. 'I honestly hope that 
Ryoko follows orders or she definitely will hurt herself. I am glad 
that Ryoko can't hear me through the link. Well, I did out up a 
barrier, so I'm pretty safe on that account. I can't feel Nagi's 
thoughts though. She must have her barrier up as well. Hmm.I really do 
need to teach Ryoko to learn how to control her barrier as well as her 
sister knows how or she'll let out stray thoughts that she doesn't want 
anybody to know about. I know I'm repeating my own thoughts, but I 
truly do wish I could help my niece.' With that, Washu sighed and went 
back onto her project of connecting a portal from the Masaki residence 
to Velsa. 

Once Ayeka and Ryoko were out of Washu's lab, Ayeka helped Ryoko settle 
down on the couch in the living room. Ryoko had asked Ayeka to find 
Tenchi for her.

Ryoko hated to admit it, but she was glad that she was back at the home 
with the people that actually treated her like a real person for the 
first time. All her true friends were there and she wouldn't trade them 
for anything in the Universe. That would mean losing Tenchi and she 
wouldn't be able to deal with that.

Ryoko almost fell asleep, but a voice behind her startled her. She 
looked behind herself and saw Tenchi standing there, smiling warmly at 
her. She smiled back as he sat down on the couch next to her. He pulled 
her into a long, yet gentle kiss. Once they broke away from each other, 
Ryoko quickly nuzzled Tenchi's neck and then snuggled up next to him.

"Tenchi?" she said, quietly.

"Yeah?" he asked.

"I spoke to Ayeka in Washu's lab when she came to check up on me 
today," she started.

"Before we start talking about anything else, how are you feeling?" he 
asked.

"A little better. I'm now an expecting mother and I'm scared," admitted 
Ryoko.

"About what?" he asked.

"About giving birth and about motherhood. I mean, how do I know if I'll 
be a good parent or not. I don't regret my pregnancy, I want to have 
this child, but I just don't feel ready. Is that normal, Tenchi?" she 
asked, looking at him worriedly and expectedly.

"Yeah, Ryoko, it is and do want to know why it is?" he asked, smiling.

"Why?" she asked back.

"Because I feel nervous too," he said.

"You do?" she asked just to reassure herself.

"Of course I do, Ryoko. Having a child is not a light task and I'm 
pretty sure that giving birth to one isn't all full of roses either," 
he said.

"Hmm.well, that calms my nerves somewhat," she said.

"Good. Oh, that's right. You were saying something about talking to 
Ayeka today?" he asked.

Ryoko's eyes widened. "Oh, yes! Well, anyway, Ayeka and I were speaking 
in Washu's lab today when she came to check up on me."

"What about?" asked Tenchi, now curious.

"She wanted to know if she could come along with us when we go back to 
Velsa," she explained.

Tenchi shook his head. "No, Ryoko. It's way too dangerous for her to be 
coming with us."

"She's more powerful than you think," said Ryoko.

"Still, I don't think that it's such a good idea. I mean.what if 
something happens to her? I would never be able to explain her death to 
her parents with them biting my head off," replied Tenchi, wincing at 
the very thought of that happening to him.

"I think that it's her decision now, not theirs and definitely not 
ours," she said, calmly.

"I know, but still, I'm not so sure that this is such a good idea" he 
said to her.

"Well, I'm also inviting my younger sister Nagi to come along with us. 
Why shouldn't I invite my best friend as well?" she asked, curiously.

"Because she is the Princess of the most powerful planet in the 
Universe! If anything were to happen to her, Jurai would have both of 
our heads!" he cried out.

Ryoko rolled her eyes. "Tenchi, Ayeka is a big girl. She is very 
capable of taking care of herself."

Tenchi knew that he couldn't argue with that logic, so he reluctantly 
said, "Fine, Ryoko, she can come, but we'll have to keep a close eye on 
her while she's with us, ok?"

Ryoko nodded her head rapidly as she gave Tenchi a happy look. "Thank 
you, my Tenchi."

"You're welcome, Ryoko. I wish I knew how you always manage to convince 
me to do the most unspeakable things at times," muttered Tenchi.

Ryoko grinned at him. "That's my secret and as you know, I love keeping 
secrets."

Tenchi wrapped his right arm around her shoulders. "I guess I should 
expect that, coming from a former space pirate that is."

Ryoko snuggled deeper into him. "It comes with the territory, my dear, 
and don't you forget that. Sneakiness will always be in my blood."

Tenchi pretended to look thoughtful. "Does that mean we'll be able to 
sleep around with each other more often because of that?"

Ryoko grabbed a pillow off of the couch and playfully smacked his head 
with it. Tenchi had attempted to shield himself, but he was hit anyway. 
He grinned at her. "Does that mean no?"

Before Ryoko could hit him with the pillow again, he grabbed her face 
and kissed her passionately. Ryoko dropped the pillow and gave into the 
kiss that he was giving her. Once they pulled away, Ryoko gave him a 
stern look.

"You had better behave yourself or you won't be gettin' any during the 
honeymoon," she said in mock seriousness.

Tenchi hung his head. "Yes ma'am."

"That's better. So, whatcha wanna do right now?" she asked. 

"Can we just sit here together on the couch as we are?" he asked.

Ryoko looked at him warmly. "Sure."

Ryoko and Tenchi spent the rest of the afternoon on the couch together. 
Once it was dinnertime, Ryoko had fallen asleep again because of the 
medication she had been taking.

Tenchi walked into the dining room at dinnertime, but he didn't appear 
with Ryoko. Sasami looked at him curiously.

"Where's Ryoko?" asked Sasami.

Tenchi looked at the little girl and smiled. "She won't be coming to 
dinner tonight."

"Why not?" she asked.

"Because she fell asleep," said Tenchi.

"Why did she fall asleep?" she asked, now more confused than ever.

"Well, you see, Washu gave her some medication for her pregnancy and 
that kind of medication can put a person to sleep," Tenchi explained.

"Oh, I see!" exclaimed Sasami.

"Could you do me a favor Sasami?" asked Tenchi.

"What?" she asked, curiously.

"Could you possibly set aside some food for Ryoko for when she wakes 
up?" he asked.

"I sure can!" said Sasami with a smile.

"Thanks, Sasami," Tenchi said gratefully.

"No problem, Tenchi," said Sasami in return.

With that, Tenchi sat down at the table and began to eat and talk with 
the others who were there. 

A few more hours passed and Ryoko was still asleep on the couch. Tenchi 
picked her up and brought her back to her room. Once he was in there, 
he placed her in her bed and pulled the covers over her to keep her 
warm. 

He sat down on the bed where she slept. He could look at her like that 
forever. She, for him, was the most perfect creature in the creation of 
man. He then lied down next to her to gaze into her peacefully, 
sleeping face. He couldn't tear his eyes away from her beauty and he 
just laid there for what seemed like hours just watching her sleep.

Tenchi looked at the clock and it was already midnight. He was becoming 
sleepy himself. He stole one more glance at Ryoko before falling 
asleep.

'Pleasant dreams, my love,' he thought to her. He finally fell asleep 
with a happy smile on his face as he cuddled up next to Ryoko, his one 
true love.




A/N: Okay, there is one thing that I should mention. There are only 
three living members of the Velsan Royal Family. They happen to be 
Ryoko, Washu, and Nagi. The only thing is that the Velsan people don't 
know that Washu is still alive. As far as they're concerned, Ryoko and 
Nagi are the only one's left. Well, anyway, keep reading and I'll 
update ASAP. Ja ne! 









