Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer. The only characters in the story that belong to me are the ones I 
made up, other than that I don't own the rest of the characters.

A/N- This is a Tenchi Universe based fic. This story occurs right after Tenchi Forever.







To Rule Or To Love
Chapter Thirteen


It was already evening of the next day and the palace was very quiet. Everyone had gone 
to dinner, while Ryoko had told Tenchi that she was tired once again, so she took Hisui 
and herself up to the bedroom. She had also told Tenchi that it was Velsan tradition for 
the man and the woman to sleep in separate chambers on the day before their wedding. 
Tenchi told her that it was no problem and that he would sleep in the guestroom.

Back at the Masaki residence, in the lab, Washu looked into her computer screen and 
sighed. She had been watching Ryoko all day through the screen, wishing that she could 
help her out. She was watching Ryoko change Hisui's diapers, getting her ready for bed. 
Washu needed to tell her about her own secret and soon.

Washu clicked off the screen and stretched.

"I miss Sasami's cooking," she mumbled. "I'm just gonna have to order out."

Washu picked up a remote control off of her lab desk and pressed some buttons on it, 
while pointing it up at the ceiling. Down from the ceiling came an electronic ordering 
menu that was directly hooked up to the Chinese restaurant near to the house.

Washu listened into the machine in front of her until she heard a female voice that was 
coming from the restaurant asking her what she wanted to order.

"Umm…yes, I would like to order the chicken Teriyaki and some egg drop soup. How 
long will that take?" asked Washu.

The girl said that it would take no more than twenty minutes.

"Thank you," said Washu as she clicked off the machine. 

Washu rolled her eyes. "These people take forever to cook. Not even Sasami takes this 
long and her food is wonderful!"

Washu, during the twenty minutes, kept herself occupied by playing video games on her 
computer.

"HAHA!  I beat you again, you slime ball!" Washu yelled gleefully at the screen.

Suddenly, she heard a knock on her lab door.

She swiveled around in her chair to face the door and asked, "Who is it?!"

"It's Nobuyuki, Washu. I just wanted to tell you that your food's here," he said as loud as 
he could through the closed door.

"Oh, great!" she said, happily. Washu jumped off of her chair and ran for the door. She 
then left the room, grabbed her food that was sitting on the kitchen counter, and made her 
way back to her lab.

Nobuyuki shook his head at the confusion and said, "It looks like things are almost back 
to normal."

Washu sat in her computer lab, munching away on her chicken when she heard a strange 
noise come from the portal. She walked over to the portal and looked at it.

"That's strange. Nothing seems to be malfunctioning," she said, a bit puzzled. 

She then pressed her ear to the door to hear what the exact source was. It sounded like 
laughter and she could have sworn that she had heard one person say, "Off with Empress 
Ryoko's head!"

'Why would they want to kill Ryoko?' Washu asked herself. 'There has to be a reason, but 
what?'

Washu sat down in front of the door to listen to what was going on and the more she 
heard, the more scared for Ryoko she became.

Once the laughter and talking vanished, Washu just sat there shaking her head.

'Oh, man! What do I tell Ryoko? Will she believe me for that matter? All these people 
want her dead and on her wedding day. Who would want such a thing?' Washu thought 
frantically.

Then, Washu's eyes narrowed. 'Of course. I know who's behind this. He's been killing off 
the entire Velsan family. He wants her dead and probably the child too. That bastard! 
Ryoko can't know that it's him, yet. She wouldn't believe me. She needs to find out on her 
own.'

Just then, Washu heard the portal open and she saw Ryoko come through.

"Hey, Washu!" Ryoko greeted cheerfully.

Washu walked up to her and said, "Hello, Ryoko. Is everything good with the baby?"

"Just great," Ryoko said. "Actually, I'm here to invite you, Nobuyuki, Yosho, Mihoshi, 
and Kiyone to my wedding. Could you give the others the news of this?"

"Sure will, Ryoko," Washu replied.

"Are you coming tomorrow?" Ryoko asked her.

Washu took a deep breath and turned around and away from Ryoko to hide her sorrow.

"I'm sorry, Ryoko, but I just can't come," she said, not letting a hint of emotion come 
through her voice.

Ryoko would not give up, though. "But everyone's going to be there. You just have to 
Washu! The family wouldn't be complete if you weren't there. Why can't you go?"

Washu sighed and thought, 'She just had to ask, didn't she?'

"Well, Ryoko, I'm busy tomorrow," said Washu, sliding around the question.

Ryoko raised an eyebrow. "You're lying."

Washu sighed again and asked, "Are you really sure you want to know why?"

"Yes, I'm sure, Washu. Why? Is it something bad?" asked Ryoko.

Washu let out a cracked laugh. "Depends on how you look at it."

"Well then, tell me," said Ryoko sitting down on a chair near her.

Washu then nodded, walked over to Ryoko and sat down on the chair next to her.

"Ryoko, what I'm about to tell you may come to you as a shock and I know that you will 
have many questions about your parents after this," she said.

Ryoko looked confused. "What do you know of my parents?"

"Ryoko, I am your aunt and thus your mother's sister," she said.

Ryoko blinked three times at this new information. "Why did you wait so long to tell me 
this?"

"It was never necessary before, but now it is. Before you came by I heard voices coming 
from the portal. They were all talking about killing you on the day of your wedding," she 
said.

"Killing me?" Ryoko whispered in disbelief, knowing that Washu wouldn't lie to her 
about something like that.

Washu nodded. "And without a doubt, your child too."

"Why, though? What have I ever done to them?" Ryoko cried out questionably.

"That I can't answer you," Washu started, "but…I do know why your parents were 
killed."

Ryoko's eyes widened at that, but then looked at Washu puzzled. "Wait, I know why. It's 
because they were both different races."

"That's only one of the reasons," said Washu. "There is one more."

"And what would that be?" asked Ryoko.

"Someone wanted your parents dead, so that they could take charge of the planet. I also 
have my own suspicion of who it is," said Washu.

"Who could want this?" Ryoko asked with her brow furrowed.

"If I told you, you wouldn't believe me," said Washu. 

"Hmm…" said Ryoko.

"Now, on to the reason why I cannot come," said Washu.

"Alright," said Ryoko.

"A long time ago, I was banished from the planet for my illegal actions," said Washu. 
"Unless you sign a document saying that I'm allowed to go back, I cannot come. Adrian 
knows enough to fill in the rest for you."

"Did he recognize who you were when he saw you?" asked Ryoko.

"I'm not sure, but I did recognize him, Marcos as well, but I was more acquainted with 
Adrian," said Washu.

"Tell me about my parents. I wasn't alive long enough to know them very well," Ryoko 
said sadly.

Washu smiled warmly at Ryoko and said, "All right."

"Tell me how they first met," said Ryoko with a gleam in left eye.

Washu chuckled and said, "Oh, it was very romantic. I remember how your mother 
would tell me stories of their so-called scandalous meetings. Sometimes, your father 
would come by and do you know how?"

Ryoko shook her head and Washu grinned at her.

"Your father used to climb the balcony to your mother's bedroom. I'd use to see them 
kiss, but they would never ever go any further because they did not want to be 
discovered. They were very much in love, but there was a problem, though," said Washu.

"What problem was that?" asked Ryoko.

"Well, before your parents met, I had met your father long before she had and we had a 
thing, which was so bad that when your mother found out about it, she banished me," said 
Washu.

Ryoko looked puzzled about something. "Then how did you find out about Nagi and 
myself?"

Washu pointed to the temple of her forehead and said, "Our link. Your mother's and 
mine. And now, yours and mine. Nagi had always been better at blocking it, as you are 
well aware, but you were never that good at it."

"Would you like Nagi to about this information?" asked Ryoko.

"Tomorrow," said Washu.

"I thought you said that you weren't coming," said Ryoko, confused.

"Write up a document saying that I'm allowed back on the planet and then I'll come," said 
Washu.

"Done. I'll give it to you first thing tomorrow morning," said Ryoko.

Washu nodded and then asked, "Is there anything else that you would like to hear?"

Ryoko nodded and said, "Tell me every interesting story about you and mom."

Washu grinned and said, "That could take time."

"And I've got plenty of it," said Ryoko.

Washu chuckled loudly and then said, "Now, let's see…where do I start? Ah! I know! Let 
me tell a story that happened when she was five and I was six. Ok, what happened was 
that your grandparents were going out for the evening, leaving your mom and I all alone. 
Not good, I'll tell you that. We both ran into the bathroom and grabbed all of our mom's 
lipsticks, opened them and then drew on the bathroom mirror with them. That was a load 
of fun! Then we grabbed all of our mom's evening gowns and tore them into shreds with 
scissors. All we were trying to do was shorten them, so that we could wear them. And 
finally, we grabbed all of our father's best robes and did the exact same thing to them. It 
was hysterical!"

Ryoko was laughing really hard, so when she caught her breath, she asked, "And what 
did your parents say?"

Washu grinned weakly at her. "Let's just say that they weren't too thrilled and grounded 
us for about two months."

Ryoko cringed at that and asked, "What was the punishment?"

"Instead of the servants doing any of the chores, your mom and I had to do them," said 
Washu. "We technically ruined everything, while doing so."

Ryoko laughed loudly at that and then asked, "What else did you two do?"

"You know how Velsans age slowly?" asked Washu.

Ryoko nodded and then Washu continued, "Well let's just say that when we were 
teenagers, we found a method to speed it up!"

Ryoko raised an eyebrow at her. "You're kidding."

Washu shook her and said, "Nope, I'm dead serious. You can even ask some of the 
scientists on Velsa about it. They were witnesses to it, along with the fact that they were 
our test subjects."

Ryoko's eyes widened at that. "You mean that you and mom shortened those scientists 
lives? To how long?"

"Three hundred years," said Washu.

"That's not even half of our lifetime! And they let you two do this?" Ryoko asked 
incredulously.

"Oh yeah. They were anxious to see if our experiment would work, but unfortunately for 
them, it did," said Washu with a short shrug.

"You two were bad!" Ryoko said, while chuckling.

"Well…maybe just a little," said Washu with a sly smile.

Ryoko grinned at Washu and Washu grinned back.

"Where's Hisui?" Washu asked Ryoko suddenly.

"She's upstairs in mine and Tenchi's room, in her crib. Why?" Ryoko asked.

Washu shrugged. "Just wondering."

Ryoko looked up at the clock and said, "I told Tenchi that I would be upstairs with Hisui, 
sleeping. He's probably wondering where I am."

"Hmm…then would you mind some company into the palace. I believe that as long as 
you allow me into the palace, nobody can touch me," said Washu.

Ryoko smiled and said, "Thanks, Washu. I'd like that."

Washu smiled back at her and then followed Ryoko into the portal. They then walked 
upstairs to Ryoko and Tenchi's bedroom, where Hisui was already asleep.

The two women sat down on the bed and re-continued their conversation.

"So, what other things did you and mom do?" Ryoko asked quietly.

"Well, we did set fire to the Velsan flag at our school," Washu said, while giggling softly.

"What happened after you two did that?" asked Ryoko.

"Your mother and I were kicked out of school for five months," said Washu.

"I bet that your parents weren't too happy about that," said Ryoko with a smirk.

"You bet that they weren't. We were grounded for a year," said Washu.

"I bet that didn't stop you two for doing other bad things," said Ryoko.

"Right you are. We didn't. In fact, after the year was up, we streaked the school halls," 
said Washu, restraining a laugh.

Ryoko chuckled softly and said, "You didn't!"

"Oh, you bet we did. Our parents were so furious at us that they didn't let us out of the 
house anymore. Not even to go to school!" said Washu.

"You two were just plain naughty, weren't you!?" Ryoko asked, holding back a laugh of 
her own.

"Yup! It took five years for the palace to look the way it does now because of our 
damage!" Washu exclaimed.

"What did you two do?" asked Ryoko.

"We spray painted all of the walls on the inside of the palace and on the outside with the 
colors of blue, yellow, green, red and black!" Washu said in a convulsion of giggles.

Suddenly, Hisui awoke with small whimpers. Ryoko sighed and then went over to the 
crib to pick her up. She cooed the child back to sleep and then put her back in her crib.

"You're very good with that child," Washu commented seriously as Ryoko came back to 
the bed.

"Thanks, but I'm just starting you know. I'm not perfect, yet," said Ryoko as she sat down 
on the bed.

"Not perfect, but good," said Washu.

"Any other stories about you and mom?" Ryoko asked.

Washu thought about it for a moment and then said, "A few more, I believe."

"Then tell them to me," said Ryoko.

"Okay. There was the time that your mom and I snuck out of the palace at midnight when 
our parents were asleep," said Washu.

"What did you two do?" asked Ryoko.

"We went to a bar and danced with a load of guys," she said.

"But…those places don't exist in Velsa," said Ryoko.

"Underground, they do," Washu said mischievously.

"I never knew that!" Ryoko exclaimed.

"Now, you do," said Washu.

"Well, anyway, we were discovered the next day and our parents gave us a never ending 
lecture," she said with a slight groan of remembrance.

Ryoko giggled slightly and then asked, "Why did you two do all of this bad stuff?"

"Well, we didn't want to be like everybody else. All stuffy with no fun. We were young, 
so we wanted to have fun and be able to act crazy every once and a while," Washu 
explained.

"Hmm…I guess I can understand where you're coming from with that," said Ryoko.

"Now then, where was I? Oh, yes! We did this naughtiness twice, but we were never 
caught for it. We just became bored with it," said Washu.

"We went to underground strip clubs," said Washu.

"And you grew tired of that?!" Ryoko exclaimed questionably.

Washu raised an eyebrow at her niece and said, "I wouldn't be saying things like that. 
Tomorrow's your wedding day."

Ryoko smiled weakly at Washu and said, "I know, but it's hard to break old habits."

Washu rolled her eyes fondly at her and said, "Oh, do I know it."

Ryoko laughed at that and then asked, "Are there any more stories?"

Washu shook her head. "Nope, that's all of the ones I can actually think of."

"Well, it was fun listening to them," said Ryoko with a smile.

Washu smiled back and then asked, "Did you want me to stay here for the night? You 
know, to keep you and Hisui company?"

Ryoko nodded and said, "Yes, please."

Washu then got up and so did Ryoko. Ryoko then went to her second closet and got out 
of a large futon, so that Washu could sleep on it. 

"Thank you, Ryoko," said Washu after Ryoko had finished fixing up the futon.

Ryoko then lied down on her bed as Washu lied down on her futon. They had been asleep 
for awhile when Tenchi walked into the room to say goodnight to Ryoko. He looked 
inside and when he saw Washu, he smiled slightly.

'She must be keeping Ryoko company for the night,' thought Tenchi as he closed the 
bedroom door quietly behind him.

Tenchi then walked into the guestroom and fell asleep. Downstairs, everybody else was 
getting ready to go to bed themselves.

Ayeka and Sasami walked upstairs and to their guestroom, put their nightclothes on and 
went to bed.

Nagi just walked upstairs to her room and went to bed.

The next day would be an eventful one for all of them.

At the Velsan noble's house, the noble smiled evilly.

"One more day, Ryoko. One more day and then I will make you choose! Be ready, dear 
Ryoko. If you want to live, you'll do exactly as I say, but if you don't I will kill you just 
like I've always wanted to!" he sneered, loudly.

Just then a messenger came to him. "Sir, this letter came for you just now."

The noble took the letter from the messenger and when the messenger left, he opened it 
up and began to read it.


To His Grace,

We have aligned troops for tomorrow's main event. We have rifles and even 
bombs. I do know that we have the entire Velsan population, minus Ryoko's 
faithful bodyguards, on our side. Shall I hand out some ammunition to the 
people, to make it a bigger threat to her? We do know what to do if she 
doesn't comply. We just need your approval on that one thing.

Signed,
The Captain of the Guards


The Velsan noble then wrote back.


To The Captain of the Guards,

Do whatever means are necessary to ensure our victory against the crown. We either 
need her dead or on our side. I give you full charge of the weapons situation and military 
strategy. Leave the rest to me.

Signed,
His Grace


The noble then whistled for his messenger to come back.

"Send this to the Captain of the Guards at once," the noble ordered.

The messenger nodded and said, "Understood, Sir!"

The messenger then left noble's study with the letter in his hand.

The noble then looked out the study's window with determination marring his eyes.

"Ryoko, tomorrow you will meet your doom and your choice. I hope you're prepared to 
make a choice because I certainly want to know what it is. I have waited so long for this 
day and nothing is going to stand in my way and ruin it," he said, viciously.

He continued to look outside the window as the rain began to pour harder and harder on 
the windowsill. He heard the sweet sound of victory every time a raindrop fell.

"Tomorrow is going to be monumental. A day to remember!" he said, loudly. He then 
began to cackle and laugh.

The noble was so sure at his victory that he didn't one ounce of doubt. Not a one.

Back at the Masaki residence, Nobuyuki was fast asleep and so was Mihoshi. The only 
one awake was Kiyone.

'I have a bad feeling that something awful is going to happen tomorrow,' she thought with 
a sigh.

She looked out of the window in her guestroom and then thought, 'I hope I'm wrong.' She 
then pulled the covers over herself and went to sleep.

At the shrine it was quiet, but Yosho was awake. He was meditating, but his thoughts ran 
rapid.

'Something's going to happen tomorrow and it's not going to be good. I can feel it,' he 
thought through his meditation.

'I honestly hope that Tenchi will be able to defend himself tomorrow because he most 
definitely will need to,' he thought for a last time before resuming complete control of his 
meditation.

At the Velsan palace, not a soul was awake, but Washu was thinking about what she 
needed to do on the next day to ensure Ryoko's safety.

'Knowing him, he'll probably use ammunition and a lot of it. He won't use it himself, but 
he'll have other people do it for him. I just need to know how much. I'll do the estimating 
when I wake up,' she thought as she finally shut down her mind to sleep.

In all corners in Velsa and in Japan there was peace and quiet, due to the fact that 
everyone was asleep. Nobody knew what kind of adventures would be in store for them 
the next day.




A/N: I finally got rid of my writer's block. I wrote this whole chapter in one day and now 
I need to do my homework, even though I'm exhausted. Hope you enjoy it and ja!




 


 






 






 


