Insert Standard disclaimer here…

 To Sleep Perchance To Dream.
A Tenchi Muyo Fanfic by Tracy Garnett AKA Crikit

~bip, bip, bip, bip, bip, bip~

It's cold, so cold. When did this happen? This chill, it feels as if it is
trying to consume me, why? What have I done to deserve this? I don't know, I
can't remember. I can't remember anything…Who am I? Where am I? What am I
doing here?

Maybe, maybe if I open my eyes I'll know where I am. Ahhh, pain the light…it
burns causes pain. I've felt pain like this in the past. Or was it like
this? No…that pain was worse. That pain ripped at my soul, trying to tear it
free. But it didn't work, no it didn't work. I'm still here. If only I knew
where here was.

"She's awake…"

A voice, I know that voice, who is it?

"Do you think she'll be okay Washu?"

Washu, why is that name so familiar? I feel as if I should know it…And the
voice, the voice that said the name it's so familiar. It's a mans voice,
could he be a lover? No, maybe a friend. Yes, that's it a friend, a friend I
care deeply about.

"I don't know Tenchi, only time will tell."

Tenchi…

"Why? Why did Kiyone do that?"

Kiyone? Is that me?

"She did it to save Sasami."

"But still…"

"Tenchi you would have done the same thing, and you know it."

Who…who are they talking about? Who is this Kiyone, and what did she do?

"I can't believe Nagi went that far. She didn't care about any of us, she
only wanted to get Ryoko."

Nagi…Ryoko…pain…

"I know Tenchi, I know…"

"And then when she almost…When she almost hit Sasami. What was Sasami
thinking, jumping in to the battle like that?"

Sasami…must save Sasami…must stop the battle…

"She was trying to save Ryo-Ohki."

"If it wasn't for Kiyone, Sasami would be dead."

I remember! I remember who I am, I remember the battle, and I remember what
happened.

I am Kiyone of the Galaxy Police. I have been assigned to earth with my
partner Mihoshi. But, we are not alone. There is Ryoko the space pirate with
her ship Ryo-Ohki, Washu the universes greatest scientific mind, Ayeka the
crown princess of Jurai, and her little sister Sasami. Sasami what a sweet
girl. And then there is Tenchi, he is the voice that I heard, well one of
them. The other is Washu, I must be in her lab.

"Do you think Sasami will be okay?"

"She'll be fine!"

There was…there was a battle. It was between Nagi and Ryoko. Nagi finally
caught up with Ryoko after years of trying to catch her. I remember that. We
were all sitting by the water having a picnic, it was such a lovely day.
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki were playing, Ayeka and Ryoko were fighting, and I was
talking to Tenchi and Washu…what was Mihoshi doing again? Oh, she was
sleeping.

"Washu, is it just me or does Kiyone look like she's smiling?"

"She must be having a good dream."

Nagi appeared out of nowhere…She challenged Ryoko to a fight, Ryoko
accepted. They battled with abandon. Neither one cared who was in the way,
that much was evident. That's…that's why we all stayed back out of the way.

"Do you think Nagi will ever show her face around her again Tenchi?"

"That's doubtful, but if she does. She won't only have to face Ryoko, she'll
have to face the rest of us as well."

Sasami…Sasami was holding Ryo-Ohki, silly, silly lovesick cabbit. She saw
Ken-Ohki across from her on the other side of the battle . She wanted to be
near him, so she jumped out of Sasami's arms and ran in between the two
fighters. Sasami gave chase.

Sasami no! They didn't see her, no saw her but me. I…I ran after her and
pushed her out of the way of the energy pulses leaving myself open in the
process.

"How's Ryoko taking this?"

"I'm not sure, she hasn't said a word to me or anyone else since it
happened. Ayeka said that she would try to talk to both her and Mihoshi…Poor
Mihoshi, I've never seen her act like this before."

One hit me, then another and another. I felt one fly pass my head and heard
it hit the tree. Were they trying to kill me? No, Ryoko wouldn't do that,
and she wouldn't let Nagi do that either, she's my friend.

"Well you have to look at it this way Tenchi. Kiyone is Mihoshi's partner,
she must be feeling some form of guilt or sorrow over what happened to her."

I tried to move, I tried to get of the way of the tree, but  couldn't…The
pain…the pain was to great. The tree feel, I was pinned I couldn't move,
couldn't scream, I couldn't do anything. I was helpless…helpless.

"Washu, she's crying…"

I heard voices coming toward me, the voices of my friends, they would help
me, I would be safe.

The tree, it was being removed. The next thing I felt, was arms, Tenchi's
arms. He was carrying me, but where? Where was he taking me? I wouldn't find
out until I woke up…

When I woke up questions kept running in and out of my mind. Questions like
why was I so cold? Why couldn't I remember anything? But I remember now, I
remember all of it.

So…so cold, so tired. I need to sleep, to sleep perchance to dream. I'll
dream of a nice tropical paradise...Then maybe, maybe I'll be warmer when I
wake up, of course I will. I'll wake up and all this will be a
dream…only…a…dream…

~beeeeeeeepppppppp~

"Washu the monitor…"

"I know Tenchi, quick pass me the paddles."

"Washu hurry we're gonna lose her!"

"I'm trying Tenchi, it's not working.."

"It has to! Kiyone can't die! Ryoko and Sasami will never forgive themselves
if she does."

"I know Tenchi, but it still doesn't change the fact that it's not working!"

"Kiyone…"

"I'm sorry Tenchi there's nothing I can do…we've…we've lost her."

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
A few days later we see Tenchi and the others standing by the lake around a
small stone.

"Tenchi?"

"Yes Sasami?"

"Do you think Kiyone will continue to watch out for us?" Sasami asks as
looks down at the grave.

Tenchi looks up to the sky, and then down at the princess a small smile on
his face. "Yes Sasami, I think she will, I think she will."

As the small group walks away we see what is written on the grave stone:
  "Reach for the moon, for if you fall
             You will be among the stars.
   In Loving Memory of
                             Kiyone,
            Our dear friend who is now
                          among the stars."
