To Whom My Loyalty Lies; Interogating Azya

This fanfic is an alternate universe to my fanfic "No Need for Japan". This
idea came to me at work while I was tossing ideas for my online RP around.
This is gonna be a multipart, and hopefully better than my last writings
featured here. Enjoy!

Oh and the following I must put here....I don't own Pioneer's characters.
Nor
do I own White Wolf's Pentex Inc. And I don't own Mike Wolf or the Xni, my
friend Troy made them up. Azya was created by a friend of me and Troy's of
the same name as her character. And the creators of Outpost 2 are the real
creators of the blight. And finaly my friend Dominique created Iria. I do
however own all the other characters.
They may not all be in this chapter, but this saves the trouble of rewriting
it each time if i just copy and paste this.

*

    "Damnit, I know you have connections to Mike Wolf!", Kiyone yelled at
the
girl they'd brought into interigation. The girl looked up at her angrily,
the
long tail at the base of her skull lashing about. "I told you, I don't know
where Mike is right now. We haven't spoken in weeks." is all the girl said,
running her hand back through her messy brown hair.
"Haven't spoken in weeks eh?", Kiyone siad glaring across the table at the
young woman. Her file said she was twenty, but she didn't look a day past
seventeen. She had a mane of longish brown hair, in messy spikes and wore a
simple outfit of jeans and a tshirt. If it wasnt for the five foot insectoid
tail extending from the base of her skull she could have passed for a human.
"Yea, Mike dissapeared again. He does this off and on...Goes away for a few
weeks then comes back like nothing happened. I don't mind it much, accept he
seems to be hiding something at times." the girl replied looking down at the
floor and lightly tapping the leg of the table with the toe of her boot.
    "Well Azya, do you have any idea what your boyfriend might be hiding?"
Kiyone asked as she jotted a few things down on a tablet. Azya looked up
again, hey eyes looking right into Kiyone's bofore they found their way back
down to the floor. Those eyes seem to send a message, something like "You're
lucky theres an armed guard outside, otherwise you'd be dead". As she looked
back down to the floor she answeared "Lots of stuff, he's always working on
something new, he is a scientest you know."
"Yes, I know of MIke's a scientest." Kiyone replied, muttering "A mad one."
under her breath. "Well is there anything you can tell us that might help us
locate Mike and see if he knows anything about the killings?" she asked.
Azya
gave the table one last hard kick, "No, I told you I don't know where he is.
God....You drag me out my home, and ask me all these questions...All because
these idiots got whacked? And on top of all that, you accuse my Mikey of
having a connection to this? The nerve of the GP!" as she spoke theis last
part her tail lashed out and burried its scorpion like tip into the
tabletop.
Azya looked up, from her eyes Kiyone could tell she was seeing red.
    "Well I'm sorry for this but its essential.", Kiyone said as she got up.
"I'll talk to my superiors and see if you'll be allowed to return home.".
At this, Azya stood up shouting "What do you mean if?", she asked.
    Kiyone watched the girl as she backed away tword the door, "They might
want a polygraph test, I'm sorry but its not up to me!", Kiyone said as she
opened the door, as it closed she could see the girl jump across the room.
The door shut with a hiss just before the girl got there. That didn't stop
her from beating on it though, nor did it stop her from cursing and asking
to
speak to her lawyer.
The guard nodded, assuring Kiyone that everything would be under control.
Kiyone just nodded nervously and walked off to her office.
