To Whom My Loyalty Lies; Another Dead Senator

This fanfic is an alternate universe to my fanfic "No Need for Japan". This
idea came to me at work while I was tossing ideas for my online RP around.
This is gonna be a multipart, and hopefully better than my last writings
featured here. Enjoy!

Oh and the following I must put here....I don't own Pioneer's characters.
Nor
do I own White Wolf's Pentex Inc. And I don't own Mike Wolf or the Xni, my
friend Troy made them up. Azya was created by a friend of me and Troy's of
the same name as her character. And the creators of Outpost 2 are the real
creators of the blight. And finaly my friend Dominique created Iria. I do
however own all the other characters.
They may not all be in this chapter, but this saves the trouble of rewriting
it each time if i just copy and paste this.

*
    Kiyone strode into the office of Senator Gali Wrhen of the planet
Kilist.
The place was a complete wreck; papers layed strewn about the floor, a
pitcher of water layed smashed on the floor and the Senator sat back in his
chair with a gaping hole in is skull. His secretary had seen two people go
in, but hadn't see anybody leave.
According to her testimony, the door jsut opened and closed. She'd gone in
to
see if the Senator had needed anything and had discovered him dead. It just
didn't make sense.

"Miss Kiyone, I think you had better take a look at this." a voice called.
She looked to her right and saw Detective Second Class, Mitsuda, standing
next to the corpse. Mitsuda was new to the force, but he was smart and
ambitous and a major in forensic science, thats why he'd been allowed to
come
along. She walked over to where he was peering into the Senator's distroyed
cranium.
"What is it Mitsuda?" she said as she looked over his shoulder. "Well theres
something strange about the weapon that did this. It still uses shell and
cartirge projectiles....And it appears that this particular type of shell
was
designed to explode, probobly either timed or controled by a remote of some
type." he said as he shone a flashlight inside the almost five inch hole in
the mans skull.

Kiyone steped back, and looked about the room. It was murder, there was no
saying otherwise. And judging by what the secretary said, those two people
who went into the room we're obviously responsible. But how could they have
gotten out without being seen?
There was no sign of tampering with the airducts, and even if they had
broken
a window they just would have opened a hole into the airless void of space.
So how had they gotten out? She needed more time to think.
"Mitsuda, think you and the others can wrap things up here?", she asked. The
young man nodded in response. "Well then I'm headed back to the Yagami to
start the paperwork and have Mihoshi look through the data files from the
video security systems." With that she headed back down the hall.
It was good to be on a real case after that year and a half of patroling the
Solar System. She still couldn't belive they'd done it, especialy Mihoshi.
She'd actualy straightened out a bit and had stopped being such a scatter
brain. But with hard work they'd managed to get moved to another district
and
both get promoted. Kiyone was now a low ranking officer in the GBI, and
Mishoshi had been assigned as her assistant. She still had to work with the
bubble head, but being able to orber her around was a disticnt plus.

Kiynone made her way thought the halls of the Yagami and to her desk, she
started up the ships dictation sender, and began reporting what they'd found
out thus far upon the inital inspection.  As she did she ran it over and
over
in her mind, and the thing that stuck out was the two people. A young man,
and a slightly younger woman.
The man was tall, with short cropped blue hair, black framed glasses with
blue lenses and was wearing an all black business suit. The young woman was
short, had brown hair worn medium length, and was wearing a black jacket and
skirt with a white blouse and black heals.

Atleast thats what the secretary had seen, Mishoshi was looking over the
footage and was going to report back any findings. As Kiyone finsihed with
the report, she thought it might be a good idea to go and look at the
recording herself and made her way to Mihoshi's office.
Mihoshi was behind her desk, sipping a hot drink and looking puzzled.
"You find anything?" Kiyone said walking around behind the desk. The view
screen was playing the footage over and over again. It clearly showed the
two
people the secretary had described, talking to the secretary and going in.
"Who are they?" Kiyone asked, tapping the images on the screen. "Well the
man
called himself a represenative of Pentex Galactic., named Joshua Kirgen. The
girl is suposivly his assistant Wynona Gilmore. They had identification and
everything to back up what they said.", Mihoshi stated enlarging a frame
where they presented ID to the secretary. "They said they wanted to talk
about the parts and metals trade for the planet.".

"So there we go, two leads. Get ahold of Pentex and have them give us the
ship those two we're on....", Kiyone said excitedly. "Uh,theres one problem
Kiyone. Those people don't exist, I checked the names against the Galactic
Records and the Pentex Personel files.", Mihoshi replied as Kiyone
facefaulted.

"Then who are they?", Kiyone asked. "Well the faces did match two people
sighted at previous killings of this nature.  The girl and a  woman with
wings we're sighted at the murder of Nomekop Inc President, Hiroshidu
Nehpets. And the man was sighted not only at the murder sight of Chancelor
Paton Cather of Jurai, but also at two other incidents; one being the attack
on the Pentex Mining HQ on Aleria, the other the assasination of Senator Nio
Soud from Orwet."

Kiyone tapped her finger on her chin as she did when she was thinking hard,
"Anyone we can tie the killers to?". Mihoshi nodded and brought up a mugshot
on the screen with a Biofile, "Doctor Mike Wolf. Killed off an entire planet
belonging to Jurai with a Bioweapon called 'Blight'. Really sneaky, the
stuff
destroyed anything with carbon in its makeup, including lifeforms. Then he
has the audacity to attack several planets in Jurai's protectorate, blaming
it on an alien race called Xni. A real sicko...." Mihoshi said tapping the
picture of the young man with messy brown hair. Kiyone inspected the
picture,
"Whats his connection?" she asked.
Mihoshi leaned back in her chair, "Well it appears that the young man in
question and Mike worked together on the Pentex Mining HQ attack. My guess
is
if we can find Mike, he can lead us to these killers.". Mihoshi looked over
at Kiyone as she spoke, Kiyone looked back half dumb-founded.
"Since when did you get so smart?", Kiyone asked. Mishoshi laughed, "Its
common sense Kiyone. So do you want me to contact Headquarters and have them
start a search for Mike Wolf?" she asked. "Yea, do that." Kiyone replied.
This case she was determined to catch these sicko's, no matter how much
slime she had to rake off the bottom of the lake in the process.
