Tokimi's Revenge - Chapter 1: "Jason's homeland"

Disclaimer:
<Washu walks on stage in front of a huge crowd> Washu: I am the greatest
scientist in the universe and welcome to the show. <crow goes wild> Washu:
but first the disclaimer <crowd boos> Washu: Tenchi muyo belongs to Pionner
and always will but Jason, Joey, Tiy, the planet Auroura and everything in
here that does not and will not appear on Tenchi Muyo is Yakuza's and if you
punks rip it off I'll kill you all.. er.. hahahahahaahaaha? <Washu leaves
stage and crowd cheers>

   Washu furiously typed away at the computer all night. Several cups of
coffee later she found out what she wanted.
   "I finally know who Ryoko's childs father is." The gang were all summoned
into the living room and were all anxious for the results. All the girls
were hoping it was Ryoko's rather than Tenchi's but Yosho and Nobuyuki were
hoping for a grandchild and great grandchild. "And the result is...." she
held the paper up, "Jason."
   Cheers came from the girls while Nobuyuki and Yosho gave a stare at
Tenchi. "Why haven't you had a child yet." Tenchi backed away but was soon
caught in Ayeka's arms.
   "Oh Tenchi is it true you want a child." Tenchi flushed brightly and
everyone laughed happily.
   Jason looked at the results and then at Ryoko's stomach. "We're one big
happy family now I guess." Ryoko wrapped her arms around him." His words
echoed in his mind. *On big happy family* he thought watching Ryoko's
stomach.

1 year later

    Jason held Yoji in his arms and gently rocked her from side to side.
"Hush Yoji go to sleep little girl." Yoji smiled brightly up at her dad.
   "Daddy," she shouted with joy.
   Ryoko wrapped one arm around Jason and looked at their child. "She's such
a great baby." Yoji store at her parents with her bright violet eyes. Her
teal hair was long for her age and she had a bright smile. Although she was
pale she wasn't as pale as Jason. Jason passed Yoji to Ryoko. "Oh I'm not
that good with babies remember." Jason wrapped her arms around Yoji and
gently let go. Ryoko gently put her finger to Yoji and Yoji grabbed hold of
it.
    Jason smiled seeing Ryoko and Yoji connecting for the first time. "Look
I want to take Yoji to my home planet."
    Ryoko looked up at Jason who seemed strangley serious. "Your home
planet. Well I'm coming too."
    "How about everyone comes along?" Jason asked.
    Ryoko handed Jason Yoji who had started to cry. "Yea I'm sure they'd
love to get out of the house and the school holidays are coming up so it
would be great for you and Tenchi. I'll go ask them." With those words she
disappeared through the roof they were both on and went in to the room
below. Jason sat back down holding Yoji in his arms.
    "Yoji shhh you need to get your sleep," he began to dance around with
the young girl. Yoji laughed and cheered happily and soon she fell to sleep.
    Ryoko returned soon. "Everyone will be coming apart from Ayeka and
Sasami who are going to go to Jurai instead." Jason smiled gently leaning
over Ryoko and kissing her.
   "You'll like Auroura it's very beautifull," he pushed some of Ryoko's
hair off of her face, "just like you."

    Washu, Yosho, Nobuyuki, Tenchi, Jason, Yoji and Ryoko all sat on
Ryo-ohki as they began to reach Jason home planet. The view of the planet
was breathtaking. It was a variety of blues, greens and white just like the
Earth. Ryo-ohki soon picked up a hail from the planet and a young women
stood at the other end of the com-link. She had long dark purple hair, much
darker than Ayeka's hair, and it reached down to her shoulders. As her
picture came on she had a stern face but soon she noticed Jason who had a
bright smile on his face.
    "Jace is that you?" her face was bright and cheerfull her eyes shone a
light purple dark blue haze.
    Jason stood up front, "hey Joey I aint seen you in ages."
    "I'll give direct orders for an escort for you Jace." Floods of tears
came down her cheeks as she cut off the com-link. As Ryo-ohki landed it was
greated by several men wearing dark purple armour which Ryoko thought she'd
seen before. Memories of when they were captured came to mind and then she
remember. It was the armour Jason had worn in that battle. She held her arm
in his and there were snickers from the soldier escorts. One of them
rembered where he'd seen Ryoko from before and as news spread around they
all stopped laughing. They were lead down a bright hallway which was lit by
a single lit that ran all the way down the hall. As they reached the end of
the hallway there was a single door and it split in two directions left and
right. Two guards at the doorbowed as the gang walked into the room and were
greeted by the same women shown on the com-link before stood tearsin her
eyes. As Jason entered she ran voer to him and dove into his arms hugging
him for a long time. "I've missed you Jason, we all have. it's been a long
time since you were here."
   "I missed you too Joey," tears came to his own eyes, "What about prince
Tiaya?"
   Joey wiped her eyes, "he's fine and he's real glad to see you too Jace."
Joey looked over his shoulder at a group who seemed very embarresed at Joey
and Jason's happiness in being reunited. Jason stood back and introduced
them.
   "This is Tenchi he's a Juraian, his dad Nobuyuki who isn't Juraian. This
is Yosho who is Juraian aswell. Here is Washu greatest scientist in the
universe and here is Ryoko and our daughter Yoji."
   "Wow it's like a hall of fame," Joey walked over to Ryoko first and took
a look at Yoji. "Can I hold her." Ryoko nodded and smiled gently handing
Yoji to Joey who after a shakey start soon began to play with the young
girl. "She's very beautifull just like your wife Ryoko," she thought he name
and then relised something, "hey wait it's space pirate Ryoko isn't it."
Ryoko nodded with an innocent smile. Joey quickly handed Yoji to Jason and
ran over to Ryoko. "It's so nice to meet you because you're like my idol and
everything," she shook her hand nad Ryoko flushed at the attention she was
getting. "Well anyway you guys can take a look around Auroura I think we've
got some kind of festivel nearby and there's a carnival in this area so have
fun guys." Everyone soon left and spread out throughout the town while Jason
and Ryoko went to see Prince Tiaya. As they carried on down the hallway to
the left they reached a small door which was heavily guarded by 6 soldier
who only after seeing Joey allowed them to pass.
    "Commander Rico are you sure we can trust these two? She is the space
pirate Ryoko..."
    The responce was quick and sharp, "shut the hell up and that's an order
soldier." She was much diffrent to the happy and nice woman in the other
room. It was as if she was a diffrent person. As they entered the room the
doors were shut and the soldiers left outside. A throne stood at the top of
a staircase at the opposite side of the room and on it sat a small teenage
boy around the age of 15. Prince Tiaya had long white/blue hair and bright
blue eyes that shone brightly.
    "Jason I cant believe it's you I haven't seen you in ages." The young
prince jumped to the floor over all the steps and gave Jason a hug. Jason
smiled and hugged back. "So how's the Angel Dragon doing then," Tiaya
smirked.
    "Well Tiy I have a child now." Ryoko stood forward and Yoji waved her
hand sin the air and cheered wildly.
    Tiy's smile widened and he wiped away tears of joy. "I can't believe it
you and the legendary space pirate Ryoko that's brilliant. Would you mind if
i held her?" he asked Ryoko who helped Tiy take hold of Yoji. "Hi there," he
whispered, "you can call me uncle Tiy."
    "Uncee Tiee," she repeated.
    Tiy smiled snd gave a gentle laugh. "She's smart like you Jason and
beautifull like you Ryoko." He passed Yoji back to Ryoko and turned back to
Jason. "I heard about Keiro and Krais." Tiy sighed and put a reassuring hand
on his shoulder. "I'm sorry I guess Keiro was never stable enough to survive
past the age of 15."
    "Yea but at least she died peacefully." Tiy smiled and returned to
playing with Yoji.

    Tokimi smiled darkly and glanced at the picture on screen.
    "So now there are two lighthawk wings to contend with then," D3 her
faithfull servent was next to her as she watched Tenchi and Jason fire a
huge beam that destroyed Kagato.
    "Tokim my faithfull lady I shall destroy them if only you gave me
another chance..."
    He was interupted by Tokimi, "you have had enough chances this time I
will take care of them myself." Watching the screen she looked at Tiy, Joey,
Jason, Ryoko and then finally the young girl Yoji. "That young child Yoji
could be a help but for now the young woman they call Joey will be the form
I take." She smiled to herself and watched them talk, "I will kill the Angel
first and then the young Juraian. I will then reek my revenge on Tsunami and
that blasted Washu." D3 and Kagato saw anger in her more than they had ever
seen before. Tokimi was not one to normally show anger and the results could
be disastorous. "I will have my revenge."

   Tenchi took a seat next to Ryoko and handed her a bowl of noodles. Ryoko
took the noodles and began to eat them slowly. She grabbed her bottle of
sake and took a huge gulp of it.
   "You know I've hardly touched this stuff since me and Jason had Yoji."
she looked at the murky liquid and took another drink.
   "It's a bad habbit," Tenchi said chewing on some noodles.
   Ryoko put the bottle on the table, "what ever happened to us Tenchi I
thought there was something special between us." Tenchi smiled and gave a
shrug of his shoulders. "So you gonna marry Ayeka then."
   "I don't know if I want to."
   Ryoko took another drink, "well you love her don't you."
   "That's just it," he pictured her smiling face in his mind and thought
about her warm touch. "I think I'm still in love with you."
   Ryoko choked on her sake. "I never thought you were in love with me I
always thought you prefered Ayeka." Tenchi shrugged and took a bottle of
sake himself. He drunk it down in one and his cheeks instantly changed to a
bright red colour. Letting out a gasp he turned turned back to face Ryoko.
   "You know I was just too shy to say I liked you really. But I didn't want
to hurt anyone."
   Ryoko slammed her fist ont he table and glanced at him, "well that test
Jason did kinda hurt me when he said Ayeka was perfect for you."
   Tenchi looked at her and smiled. The moonlight lit up her face
beautifully and when she noticed him staring at her she turned back round
averting her gaze. "We all know that Jason did that test wrong because he
loved you." Ryoko drank another bottle of sake, "and he always will love
you."
   Ryoko looked up into Tenchi's brown eyes and smiled. "Just like I always
love him." *And you aswell Tenchi* she spoke silently to herself.

   Jason watched Kagato as he brought his sword forward and thrust it into
his stomach. Jason screamed out in pain trying to stop it from digging in to
his bone and flesh but the blade dug in more. The bodies of his friends lay
all around. Ryoko lay holding Yoji in her arms both of them frozen in stone.
As Jason store at the blood pouring from his wound he looked up at Kagato
who smirked evily. Words echoed in his mind. *You failed. You let them all
down. You couldn't save them. You're a failure*. As those words echoed in
his mind he fell backwards dropping to the floor.

   Screaming loudly Jason sat up. Sweat dripped off of his face and onto the
dry floor. Luckily Ryoko was sleeping with Yoji so nobody was woken by his
screams. As he looked up he saw something on the map of the area they were
in. As he examined it closley he saw it was a small red dot in an area of
the city. Jason decided to check it out and after puttin on some clothes he
grabbed his sword and went to check out the disturbance. He reached one of
the construction sites which looked spooky at that time of night. Turning
around a corner Jason only just managed to make out the shae of a human
female.
   "Hello who are you? What are you doing here?" Jason shouted his hand on
his swords handle. The human turned around and Jason was relieved to see it
was Joey. But as he looked closley he saw there was something diffrent. Her
eyes shone bright dark red and she smiled evily. Jason unsheathed his sword
and held in front of him. "You're not Joey." She ignored him and contineud
to destroy the building work. "Hey don't you turn your back on me."
   Joey turned around frowning. "Don't interfere," she growled turning back
round and carrying on her demolition.
   "Damn it leave me friend alone." he ran forward and grabbed hold of her
arm.
   Joey turned around and knocked away his hand. "I am Tokimi. You will be
destroyed for you annoyance."
   Jason jumped a step back and stood in a fight stance, "bring it on
bitch." Tokimi's hands turned to ines and she fired them at Jason. One of
the vines wrapped around his arms holding them to his side and stopping any
movement. The other vine latched on to his face covering his mouth and nose
cutting off his breathing. She began to absorb Jason's energy through the
vines. Jason tried to shout for help but he couldn't as the vine blocked out
the sound. Jason concentrated all the energy he had left and used it to
unfold his wings. As he did so he flew into the air dragging Tokimi into the
sky with him. Tokimi let go of him and floated in mid air opposite him.
   "An Angel," she smirked, "I thought i destroyerd the Angel race."
   Jason smiled and held his hands together creating an energy orb. "I'm
actually a half Angel." He fired a blast at Tokimi but it was easily dodged.
Tokimi dove forward and dove into Jason tackling him to the floor. The two
of them crashed into the floor Tokimi ontop of Jason pounding away at his
face. She grabbed one arm and held it behind his back slamming his face into
the hard concreate floor several times. Blood flowed from Jason's move and
he a hgue cut appeared across his forehead. As Tokimi continued Jason
managed to kick her in the back of the head knocking her to the floor in
front of him. Flipping to hsi feet Jason attacked Tokimi removing his sword
from it's sheath. The blade flew through the air aimed at Tokimi's head.
Tokimi disappeared seconds before the blade hit and reappeared behind him.
She grabbed hold of him and slammed him into the floor.
    "I'm sick of palying games with you." She threw him to the side and he
slammed into a metal post. Grabbing hold of him she smashed his head into
the post. "Tell me what you know about Tsunami?" Jason's face was covered
with blood and his body was battered and bruised. She snapped his arm the
wrong way and his arm broke.
    Jason screamed in agony as he pushed backwards trying to get her off his
back. She slammed him into the post again and wrecnched his arm. He winced
in pain and fell into the post trying to stay concious in the pain. "I wont
tell you anything you stupid bitch." Tokimi slammed him back into the pole.
She kicked him in the stomach and threw him to the ground. He smiled back up
at her his eyesclosed. "Lighthawk wings." Tokimi only just managed to avert
the blast that came from Jason's hands as he uttered those words. Appearing
in the air she glanced down at him frowning. "Not so confident now are you
Tokimi," he taunted at the furious Tokimi. She flew down at him at speeds
Jason had never seen before. Jumping up towards Tokimi Jason span his sword
round his hand and brought it down towards Tokimi. She held her hand up and
grabbed hold of the blade. A drop of blood trickled down the sword and the
fell to the floor burning through the cement on the ground. Tokimi squeezed
her hand on the sword and the end of it shattered into a thousand pieces.
Jason dropped the sword and created an energy blast. As he prepared to fire
it off Tokimi appeared in front of him and smashed him in the face. Jason
fell to the floor spiraling out of control. The energy blast he'd created
slammed into the ground soon followed by himself. Jason slowly stood to his
feet and prepared to fire another blast. Tokimi appeared in front of him and
uppercutted Jason in to the air. Jason was sent wildly into the air and he
came crashing down along the floor tearing up dirt and mud. Rain fell from
the clouds above ontop of Tokimi and Jason. Jason lost his footing many
times but Tokimi seemed to be in complete control. After a few more blasts
of energy the two battled on. After much fighting which went either way
Jason's wounmds began to take their toll on him and in the end the battle
began to flow to Tokimi's advantage. Jason fired another blast at Tokimi but
that one was deflected aswell. Nothing could get near her as the godess was
amazingly powered. The lighthawk wings were usless to defend her attacks and
they turned out to just waste energy. Jason soon relised the only thing that
helped at all was his speed so he used that to his advantage. Ducking
underneath a blast Tokimi created Jason flew through the pouring rain and
lightning up towards Tokimi. As he got close to her she concentrated all the
force she had on one attack. Lightning crashed into the building work and
sent it toppling. Tokimi slammed her fist forward and the beam it created
crashed into Jason pushing him into the ground and much further down into
it. Tokimi dropped down next to the crater she ahd just created with the
blast and pulled the unconcious body of Jason out of it. She smiled evily
and psychically held him in the air.
    "The lighthawk wings cant help you against a godess young half Angel."

    Jason awoke in a dark room with only a single light that shone a single
circle of the room which Jason was the centre of. He hung from the ceiling
tied by chains. His arms and legs were tied together his arms being what he
was hung by. Tokimi at, still in Joey's body, watching over the sleeping
half Angel with a dark smile.
    "All I have to do is find out from you where Tsunami is located and I
will be able to take my revenge. First of all I'll destroy the Jurian
warrior then you then Tsunami and finally Washu." Her face darkened as she
thought about destroying them.
    A smile appeared on the half Angel's lips. "It's flattering to know
you're depending on me like this but I'm afraid I'm not going to give you
that information."
   "You will give me that information. What I did to you earlier was
nothing. You will die at the end of every day and be reborn at the begining
of each day. You will feel constant pain and your life will be endless."
Tokimi smiled at the enjoyment of doing this painful torture.
   Jason's smile widened. "Flatery will get you everwhere. Especially if
you're a goddess." He gave a wink directed towards the seated godess. Tokimi
stood up and slapped him across the face fuming angrily.
   "You wont be so optomistict soon young half Angel," she growled. Tokimi
delivered a kick to Jason's ribs and followed it up with a backwards kick.
Jason winced in pain and closed his eyes. Tokimi delivered another kid to
his ribs, and another and another. Several kicks slammed into his ribs. She
smiled at the bruised Jason who hung in front of her. "I think I should see
what's inside you." Tokimi slowly pushed her hand through Jason stomach.
Jason screamed in pain and tried to struggle out fo the chains that binded
him to the walls. Tokimi slammed her other hand into his ribs aswell.
Screams echoed through the halls sending a shudder through Kagato's spine.

  Tokimi cursed herself silently and began to pace around the room. "Damn
those Galaxy Police." Jason smiled darkly and looked down at the evil godess
who still had control of Joey's body.
  "You didn't get Clay out then oh great godess Tokimi." Tokimi snapped
round to face him. Jason still had that same charming crooked smile. Tokimi
soon wiped it off his face with a punch to his face.
  Tokimi leant next to Jason and whispered quietly so only he could hear it
even though there was no one close by. "Jason you must help me find out
where Tsunami is. She is evil and wants to take control of everyone. I may
be evil but she is also evil. You know who she's has taken shape with. She
plans to use that person as a permanent body to use and control. She wants
to destroy me then Washu and then the universe. She is pure evil." The words
spiraled in Jason's pounding brain. He tried to think about what she said
but hi mind ached from the torture he was going through. Tsunami's own words
echoed in his mind. *When Sasami gets older we will be together as one*.
Jason cared for Sasami like an older brother for a sister and this concerned
him. Tokimi saw this in the way his eyes grew smaller and smaller.
  "No." Jason shouted swinging his legs forward knocking Tokimi backwards.
"Tsunami isn't evil you are and you're just trying to play me like a
trusting sap. I have to admit you had me there a moment Tokimi, but you wont
win I will never give up."

  Ryoko woke up on the floor laid next to Yoji's crib where she'd fallen
asleep yesterday. "Must have dozed off or something." Sleepily she walked
around the halls for a while until she reached Jason's bedroom. Teleporting
inside she found it was empty and all that was there was a messed up bed and
several items of clothing lying on the floor. Shrgugging she decided he must
be getting breakfast so she made her way to the dinning room. As she entered
the dinning room she saw Tenchi eating his breakfast quietly and Tiy sat
next to him eating his breakfast quietly. As Ryoko entered both Tiy and
Tenchi waved to her to sit down. "Have you seen Jason?" Tenchi shook his
head while Tiy seemed to think for a moment.
  "He went out last night on a minor disturbance call. Joey's gone too but
it has been a long time since they left."
  Ryoko took a seat next to them. "He's not in bed and he isn't here so i
think somethings wrong."
  Tenchi put down his plate and turned to her. "What like?"
  "I dont know," was the answer. "But I'm gonna find out."

  Jason looked at his friends face which was now twisted into an evil smile
of hatred and disgust.
  "Why are you still using that illusion pretending to be Joey?" Tokimi
glanced up as if in mid-thought.
  She smiled and watched the half Angels' violet eyes seeing her own
reflection in them. "Don't you see I've taken over her body. I'm going to
keep this body and use it to kill you friends and then Tsunami."
  "Excuse me Lady Tokimi but may I have a word it is of ergency." D3's voice
was dark and gloomy. Tokimi iratibly got up from her seat and marched out of
the room.
  "What is it?" Her voice boomed through the hallways.
  D3 watched the form now taken by Tokimi closley. "You have not been acting
yourself and although I am your faithful servent I must venture to say that
you need to leave that body or else your mind and the mortal of who's body
you stole will become one."
  Tokimi furiously frowned at D3. "Listen to me. I can do what I like and if
I want to keep this body then I will." She glanced out back through the
hallway. "I need this body anyway to find out the location of Tsunami from
Jace..." she stopped in mid sentence relising what she'd just said. "That
doesn't prove anything I can easily remove her from my mind and I will but
now I have more pressing matters to attend to." She left D3 and returned to
the room where Jason still hung. Jason's body had mark all over it and his
clothes were drenched in blood.
  Jason smiled at Tokimi as he'd heard the conversation he relised that
Tokimi was losing her grip on Joey and would hopefully soon be trapped
inside the body. "Sooo Tokimi you're going insane what's that like?" Tokimi
stood up angrily. She delivered several punches and kicks to Jason.
  "Okay i'm getting really sick of this now so I'm going to ask you one last
time. Where is Tsunami?" Jason looked at the floor smiling and then shook
his head. Tokimi watched him. That same smile from before that same charming
crooked smile brought a warm feeling to her. She watched the teen carefully
as he looked back up. Jason's face made her feel something she'd never feel
inside. His cute and innocent face brought love to Tokimi's heart for the
first time. *What is happening to me?* she thought furiusly pounding away on
Jason. Every kick or punch brought blood from Jason but still he smiled. She
fell to the floor collapsing in a pain of emotion and screaming widly. "What
is happening to me?" she screamed piercing Jason's ears with a strange sense
of fear and pity.

Autour note : Ok the whole Tokimi and love thing is weird but it'll all work
out the end. If you haven't worked out why she loves Jason it's becos Joey
has a crush on Jason which he doesn't know about. Anyway I promise to do
more about non-Jason charecters next time. it's just so easy being someone
that you created and i like the whole torture thing.