Authours note : Well this is probabley the least exciting fic I've wrote so 
far. It
seems to be going a little downhill. I can't remember which spaceships were 
stolen
on episode 10 and 11 in the OAV but I think it was Shunga.

Intro:

Yakuza lays on his bed trying to rid himself of writers block (which happens 
to be my influence)
when he is unceremoniouscly grabbed and thrown wildly across the room.

Ryoko : let me have Tenchi or else.

Yakuza : huh wha..... *smack*

Ryoko : I want Tenchi not Jason

Ayeka : You can't have him

Yakuza : .... I'm off.... please don't trash my bedroom.

Ayeka and Ryoko begin their usual fight while Yakuza tries to escape only to 
be stopped by a
certain goddess.

Tsunami : Where do you think you're going?

Yakuza : eep....

Tsunami : You took those pictures of me didn't you?

Yakuza : awww but you're so kawai....

Tsunami : As Sasami.... anyway I know what you're planning

Yakuza : ok ok I give up.... not... feel the power of written emotions and 
authour power ^_^
hahahahahaha

Tsunami : hey no fair you're cheating

Tsunami punches herself in the face while Yakuza laughs manically. Suddenly 
a sword is slammed
through Yakuza's cheast and Jason removes it from his back.

Jason : Well that'll teach you for making me a retard you loser.

To be continued ..... hopefully not
************************************************************************************************

   Ryoko sat on her bed lost in a world of thought. *Damn I hate this 
waiting*
she thought slamming her fist into the bed.

   "Ryoko?" Ryoko looked up embaressed to see Tenchi stood facing her. The 
young
Juraian prince stared into Ryoko's cat like eyes and sighed. "Tough on you 
aswell
I guess?"

   "Yea I just hate being useless to help him," Ryoko snarled as Tenchi sat 
on
the bed next to her. Yoji stired in her sleep but soon returned back to her 
gentle
breathing.

   "We just have to wait till Washu finds Jason using the gems then...." 
Tenchi
stopped not knowing what was going to happen.

   "What? What Tenchi? You don't know what to do and neither do I. We're 
stuck
Tenchi without a clue." Tenchi looked away embaressed. "I'm sorry Tenchi 
it's
just... I can't seem to do anything right."

   Tenchi took a deep breathe gathered up all his courage and did what he 
came
into the room to do. "Ryoko I still love you. I always will love you. Just 
like
I love the other girls aswell, and always will love them."

   Ryoko gave a faint smiled looked into Tenchi's deep hazel brown eyes and
embraced him in a deep hug. Weeping quietly she fell back from the hug and 
gazed
into Tenchi's eyes again. The same brown eyes that always shined with 
radience.
The same spikey black hair. The same boy she fell in love with the first 
time she
saw him as a young baby boy. Gently coming closer the two embraced in their 
first
kiss. They both closed their eyes and fell deeper into the kiss pulling one 
another
closer. Tenchi's eyes opened and soon after Ryoko's did.

   "I-I... Ryoko." Tenchi could only managed to say as they both broke from 
the kiss.

   "Don't say anything Tenchi. I love you and I love Jason equally and I 
don't
want to be forced to decide between you." Ryoko was firm and confident about 
her
decision and Tenchi took it better than she thought.

   Tenchi nodded and turned to leave. "We'll talk later right now we need to 
find
Jason." Ryoko nodded and returned to trying to contact Jason. There was a 
knock at
the door just before Tenchi left. Tenchi opened it and the young green 
haired Juraian
princess Sasami stood alone.

   "I know how to find Jason." Ryoko shot up to her feet and Tenchi let 
Sasami in
and closed the door. "Tsunami says she knows where Jason is."

   "What are you doing here?" Tenchi questioned the young princess glancing 
outside
the door to see if there were any Juraian guards looking for her.

   "Don't worry Ayeka told father and the rest of Jurai I was going to go 
somewhere
away from the war."

   "How can you find Jason?" Ryoko was extremley curious and soon Tenchi 
was.

   Sasami looked down at the floor and seemed distraught a moment. "Tsunami 
should
tell you because she made me promise not to tell you."

   "Please get Tsunami to talk we really need to find Jason he could be in 
danger."

   Sasami glowed a bright blue light and she spoke in a deeper, older voice. 
As she
closed her eyes Tsunami's voice echoed throughout the room. "There is 
something I
must tell you which I should have told you about a long time ago."




   Jason hung from the ceiling still. Blood poured down his face and he had 
the
sickening taste of vomit in his mouth. The crooked yet charming smile was 
now gone,
replaced with a look of pain, disgust and fatigue. Tokimi had left on more 
ergent
busniess, which Jason guessed was her huge space fleet. Jason had to admit 
her plan
was amazingly clever. Jurai and Auroura would destroy each other to an 
almost finished
point and that would be when Tokimi's dark forces would swarm over them and 
wipe two
of three of the strongest forces in the universe out of the way. The galaxy 
police
although formiddable as a foe would be easily destroyed by the ever 
increasing dark
army by then. Glancing down at the gem on his right hand wrist. Thoughts of 
Ryoko
and his friends came into his mind. Would they be safe. He didn't think 
anyone was
safe from Tokimi's evil destructive reign.

   "This war between Auroura and Jurai is the thing that will lead to 
Tokimi's
victory," The young half Angel snarled staring at the floor. He didn't often 
get
angry but he hated the fact that Jurai and Auroura and their fighting would 
be the
one thing that assured Tokimi's victory. "If only there was someway to stop 
them from
fighting."




   "Okay then Tsunami we're all here start talking," Ryoko's words were 
harsh and
angry. There was a small blizzard of cherry blossom and Tsunami appeared in 
the
centre of them as they all circled round her.

   Tsunami smiled brightly as she appeared and looked over to Ryoko. "All 
your
questions will be answered but first I must tell you the origin of this as 
understanding
the situation may prove to be crucial."

  "We haven't got time," Ryoko growled. She felt Tenchi's hand on her 
shoulder.

  Ryoko turned to face Tenchi and he smiled. "Jason will be fine and Tsunami 
knows
what she's doing."

  Tsunami nodded and continued, "many millennia ago there were many diffrent 
Gods
each of who had diffrent areas of the universe in which they reigned 
supreme. As you
can guess my area was all of Jurai and the surrounding area."

  "Strangley enough mine contained Earth and the solar system along with 
other planets,"
Washu smiled as she entered the room.

  Tsunami smiled and nodded at her sister. "Soon though other Gods got 
greedy and
started to try and spread their areas and take over other Gods territories. 
Sometimes
it worked and they took over another Gods area other times it brought their 
own doom
upon them. After a long time many of the Gods were defeated and destroyed 
and soon there
were only three Gods left. Me, Washu and another God named Tokimi."

  "So let me get this straight you knew about this all along even while you 
were creating
me?" Ryoko was extremley confused. Washu answered with a nod for yes. "Why 
didn't you
ever tell me?" Washu looked away and didn't answer.

  Tsunami answered for her, "she had her reasons, but that's not important. 
What is
important is that Tokimi wants to gain control of the universe and so she's 
taken a
human body and captured Jason."

  Tenchi spoke up, "why Jason?"

  Tsunami turned to the Juraian prince. "Because she wants to find me and 
Washu. And
destroy us."

  "We're the only people who can destroy her so get rid of the only thing 
that can stop
you and you're practically invincible," Washu added.

  Tenchi shook his head in confusion. "I don't understand. How can you find 
him."

  Tsunami blushed gently, which nobody in that room had seen before. "It's 
kind of
something personal, I'd rather not tell you." Tenchi smiled and Washu 
covered her
mouth stopping herself from giggling out loud. Ryoko just sat gazing at the 
wall 0
for a minute. "Now you know everything."

  Tenchi stood up and placed his hand on the hilt of the tenchi-ken. "Let's 
go."




  Jason's arm ached andhe felt his shoulder dislocate as he hung. Tokimi 
hadn't
returned yet and neither D3 or Kagato had been seen. It was now or never. He 
began to
swing on the chains and flung his legs into the air. Although they were 
chained together
he still was able to free his arms. He fell to the floor and lay unable to 
stand on his
weakened legs or push himself up with his arms. After what seemed like hours 
of waiting
he struggled to his feet and stumbled through the door. Struggling down the 
hallway he
came to a small viewing room which alowed him to see into space. The stars 
looked so
beautiful that he felt sorry for them. One got his attention as it was much 
brighter
than the others. The star shone bright pink and began to get larger. Jason 
squinted
his eyes and relised that it wasn't a star. It was a ship. A large Juraian 
ship heading
straight towards him. There was a noise behind him, footsteps. Jason paniced 
scrambling
around the room. He created an energy sword using the gem on his right hand 
and prepared
to battle them. As the person came round the corner Jason turned white.

   "What's the matter boy. You look like you've seen a ghost," jeered Kagato 
seeing Jason
and creating his own energy sword.

   Jason held out the sword and prepared for battle. "You... died?" he 
managed to say
confused.

   Kagato held his sword up the air and prepared to bring it down on Jason. 
"I was. It's
amazing what Tokimi can do," Kagato snarled. He brought down the sword but 
it was answered
by Jason's sword.

   Jason kicked Kagato in the ribs knocking him backwards. "Lighthawk wi.." 
he shouted
but was stopped in mid sentence by Kagato tackling him to the floor.

   "Not do fast young Angel. You killed me last time because of those wings 
and your friend
did the first time so don't think you'll beat me like that a third time," 
Kagato growled
bringing his sword down again. Jason blocked it and slammed his sword 
forward. Jason swung
his energy sword several times but each swing was blocked by Kagato's 
superior sword skill.

   Jason was knocked backwards by a strike. "Damn it," he cursed slamming 
into the wall.
Then he noticed something behind Kagato and relised it was the window. The 
Juraian ship was
closing in vastly on Tokimi's ship. "Hey Kagato behind you," Jason smirked.

   "Ha you think I would fall for that trick," Kagato laughed.

   Jason looked down in amusement and smiled, "don't say I didn't warn you." 
Covering his
face Jason raised a shield and prepared for the Juraian ship to crash into 
the outer wall
of Tokimi's ship.

   The front two spikes of the space ship Tsunami slammed into it's outer 
wall sending everyone
inside Tsunami to the floor. All except for Tsunami who still stood in 
control. Tenchi and
Ryoko were instantly transported aboard. Each saw Kagato and gasped in 
horror. Jason kicked
Kagato in the knee and he fell forward to his knees. Jason jumped forward 
and span round to
face Kagato alongside Tenchi and Ryoko. Kagato sneered at his opponents and 
held his sword
in front of him. Tenchi swung the Tenchi-ken at Kagato but it was soon 
blocked. The injured
Jason was teleported into Tsunami by Ryoko.

   "Get it over with Tenchi we need to get out of her," Ryoko shouted ready 
to leave. Tenchi
kicked Kagato in the ribs and smashed him with the backhand of the 
Tenchi-ken.

   Tenchi frowned at Kagato and stood next to Ryoko. "You got lucky this 
time Kagato but you
wont be lucky for long," Tenchi's words echoed throughout the halls as he 
was teleported
onto tsunami and soon the space ship retreated from the ship leaving Kagato 
standing at the
edge of space glaring at the escaping ship.




   Washu smiled at Jason as he popped the rice ball into his mouth.

   "Man I am so hungry. I was starving there," Jason moaned grabbing another 
rice ball. Washu
sipped her tea politley and continued her work on the holo computer.

   There was a knock at the door and Sasami came in through the door. "Hey I 
just wanted to
see how you were feeling Jason?" Sasami's voice was filled with joy and 
excitment.

   Washu returned to her holo computer and tilted her head to look at Jason. 
"Well he's very
hungry at the moment," she joked. Jason answered by sticking his tounge out 
and pulling down
the skin under his eye.

   Sasami sat next to Jason and grabbed a rice ball for herself. Jason took 
a sip of his tea
and ate a small fried vegtable. "I missed your cooking the most while you 
were at Jurai Sasami,"
Jason smiled.

   "It's not that good," Sasami blushed.

   Washu turned and faced the two of them and smiled. "You two make a great 
couple you know,"
she turned and giggled to herself. Jason and Sasami looked at one another 
and then turned
away blushing.

   "Well... I..." Jason found he was lost for words.

   "Er... yea well I should be making a start on dinner anyway," Sasami 
stated trying to think
of an excuse to leave.

   Jason nodded in agreement. "Yea you should get to work on that dinner," 
Jason added feeling
a little embaressed. Sasami stood up and quickly left the room giggling to 
herself.

   Washu smiled and tried to hold in her own laughter by covering her mouth. 
"Well I do think
you're a cute couple," Washu laughed mainly to herself. Jason shook his head 
and sighed to
himself.




   Jason gently smiled at Ryoko and placed Yoji back in her crib. "Ryoko I 
wanted to talk to
you about something."

   "What is it?" Ryoko asked.

   "I've been thinking. I'm so immature and childlike and I don't think I've 
grown up at all.
Everyone seems to be changing over the years and become a better person 
except for me. I just
seem to stay the same little boy trapped in an Angel's body. You really love 
Tenchi aswell so
I think it would be better if you started to go out with Tenchi instead of 
me."

   Ryoko scratched her head in confusion. "You serious?" she questioned. 
Jason nodded yes.
"You're real nice for being like that Jason," Ryoko smiled, "and I'm glad 
you're so considerate.
I just hope it's okay with you."

   "I'm fine, you should be thinking about yourself not me," Jason answered 
scratching the back
of his neck in embaressment. "Anyway we can't have Ayeka scoring extra 
points with Tenchi while
you're with me."

   "Washu told me you liked Sasami," Ryoko stated to Jason.

   Jason blushed and looked away, "she did.... huh well yeah kinda."

   "I think you two would make a cute couple," Ryoko smiled.

   "Not you aswell, Washu said that earlier," Jason groaned.

   "Maybe it's true then," Ryoko shrugged at the embarresed half-Angel.

   He turned to Ryoko and smiled, "and maybe you are getting saggy like 
Washu said."

   Ryoko's face instantly turned into a scowl, "she said what?" The Deamon 
glared at Jason
coldly and grabbed hold of his t-shirt and lifted him into the air. "Listen 
up Angel boy if I was
going saggy I think I would know about don't you think so? Well?"

   "Eep," Jason let out as he was put against the wall. "I give, I give," 
the teenage boy
shouted as he was slammed against the wall. "I wanna live, please."

   Ryoko thought for a moment then put him down. "Okay you live for now. But 
if you ever call me
saggy again I'll kick your butt harder than Tokimi did."

   "Okay okay I get the picture. Man talk about touchie," the Angel groaned 
as he slid to the
floor.

   "What did you say?" Ryoko asked turning round to face Jason.

   The half Angel sweat dropped, "nothing nothing I said nothing."

   "Good, now to see to Washu," the space pirate said turning to Washu's 
temporary lab.




   Ryu-oh landed softly and soon Ayeka walked out to be greeted by Jason and 
Sasami.

   "Hello sister how have you been," smiled Ayeka.

   Sasami smiled back, "fine and you."

   Ayeka put on hand to her head and sighed, "terrible to be honest. Those 
meetings take
forever and seem to come to no agreement. Luckily though I managed to 
convince most of them that
Auroura is an honorable country and is very trustworthy."

   "That's good to hear," Jason commented.

   Ayeka looked around puzzled, "where is Lord Tenchi I was hoping he'd be 
here to greet me?"

   "Oh he's having sex with Ryoko," Jason teased.

   "What?" Sasami and Ayeka glanced at Jason.

   Jason sweat dropped, "hey just kidding. He's helping Washu do something."

   "That was not funny," Ayeka glared at Jason grimly.

   The teenage half Angel backed away nervously. "I'm making everyone mad 
today," he sighed.

   "Well to make up for it you can take me to Lord Tenchi," the princess 
smiled.Jason nodded
and led Ayeka off down a hallway followed by Sasami. "So I here you and 
Sasami are quite fond
of one another?" Ayeka whispered.

   Jason instantly started blushing but carried on walking, "yeah kinda."

   "Well I did think you were more suited for Ryoko but I hope you and my 
sister have a long
lasting relationship. When are you going to tell her?"

   Jason shrugged and continued walking trying to change the subject. "Any 
news on Tokimi's
fleet yet."

   "None," Ayeka smiled knowing Jason was changing the subject. "She's 
preapring for a full
scale invasion of both Jurai and Auroura. The Galaxy Police are also very 
grateful for the
information you gave them aswell Jason."

   Jason bowed his head, "I didn't find it out she practically told me. Did 
they manage to
save the third battleship Tarunga."

   "Yes they did but it was a difficult battle and Jurai themselves had to 
get involved. Tokimi
must desperatly want rid of those battleships," Ayeka said mainly to 
herself.

   Jason nodded, "they are extremley strong ships. The Galaxy police is 
nothing without them,
it cuts down their fire power by about half just by taking the three 
battleships. Sadly she
already has two of them Shunga and Krounga."

   Ayeka stopped in mid step fear showing on her face, "is she gonna use 
them against us."

   "Of course," Jason said continuing to walk and not turning around.




   Ayeka stood in front of Tsunami. They were concentrating on finding 
Tokimi's location but
she was blocking the signal.

   "You never told me how you managed to find Jason Tsunami," Ayeka turned 
to the goddess.

   Tsunami instantly blushed, "well er I searched for Tokimi."

   "Wouldn't Tokimi have been blocking the signal and how come you knew 
she'd taken Jason?"
Ayeka asked.

   Tsunami blushed gently, "lucky guess and maybe she didn't know I'd be 
searching for her."

   "Hmmm there's something you're not telling me isn't there Tsunami?" Ayeka 
asked curiously.

   Tsunami sighed giving up, "yeah there is. Promise not to tell anyone?" 
Tsunami asked.

   "Of course I wont," Ayeka answered.

   "Well it's like this. Me and Sasami are getting very close to joining 
fully together now
and so we've started sharing feelings and other things that are personal. 
Anyway when Jason first
came I sensed something evil about and not right about him. As I am aware of 
everything I found
out that he was actually created by Tokimi and was designed to be the 
perfect soldier. That is
why it is no coincidence that Jason and Tenchi met. Just like it is no 
coincidence that you and
Sasami met Tenchi. That was my doing. The fact is that Sasami really likes 
Jason and so I
couldn't come right out and say Jason was evil causing everyone to kill him 
mercilessly. Which
is why I gave him the other half of this," as Tsunami explained she took off 
from around her
neck a small necklace with a small tear shaped jewel. It shone with a 
midnight blue colour in
Tsunami's hand.

   Ayeka gasped and almost fell over backwards in shock. "A Juraian star 
jewel. This means
that you and Jason."

   "Yes I know Ayeka it's a sign for love, but he knows nothing of it. 
Anyway it keeps track
of Jason and keeps an evil spirit from controling his mind. While he and I 
wear this he is
invulnerable to Tokimi's mind control." Tsunami sighed, "but it's not strong 
enough to hold off
a goddess so I fear...."

   Ayeka hled a hand to her mouth. "We're going to have to fight Jason?"

   Tsunami nodded silently. "If worst comes to worse we will have to kill. 
Even though it
will kill me inside we have to. The fate of the world rests upon his death."

   "What if we don't? What will happen if we don't kill him?" The Juraian 
princess Ayeka asked
frantically.

   Tsunami shook her head, "first he'll kill Tenchi then Ryoko and then each 
of us one by one.
After that he'll destroy Earth, Jurai, Auroura every single living organism 
untill only he and
Tokimi remain. Then he'll destroy himself leaving Tokimi to rule a dead 
universe."

   "Is Jason that strong?" Ayeka asked nervously.

   "Not strong enough to kill all of us at the same time but strong enough 
to kill everyone
except for Tenchi, me and Washu one on one. But Tenchi wont fight him, he'll 
just die rather
than take his life." Tsunami grasped hold of the necklace, "that is why we 
must find Tokimi and
destroy her now before she takes control of Jason."

   Ayeka smiled, "don't worry Tsunami we'll save Jason. After all we always 
survive these kind
of battles don't we."

   "This isn't a battle," Tsunami commented her face more grim then ever. 
Her complexion
darkened, "it's a war."

