Authours note : This is it the main event, the one you've all been waiting 
for, the big fight,
the fate of the world and all the other climatic phrases. I'm setting 
everyone up in equal
battles so it keeps you wondering who will win. Anyway I'm keeping this 
really short so I don't
waste time and you guys can get straight to the action. I would like to 
thank Tony "Scorpio"
Rodriguez (sorry for spelling mistakes) for the phrase "lighthawk bomb" and 
Operative Akina for
allowing me to use the idea of Kiyone having a sister.

Intro:
A lone man stands on a horizon alone....

Yakuza : I am the eternal savior. I will be the one who saves the planet. I 
shall.....

Ryoko appears and hugs Yakuza in a friendly back breacking hug.

Ryoko : I can't believe you did it you let me and Tenchi you know what.

Yakuza : Kiss??

Ryoko : No have a shot at having a relationship

Yakuza : Oh well you know I'm a great guy and.... hey you ruinined my 
opening to my new film

Ryoko : Film?

Yakuza : Yakuza the movie (my version of Akira -_^)

Ryoko : Still having problems with writers block

Yakuza : Well duh....

Kiyone grabs Yakuza's arm and turns him around holding a gun to his head.

Kiyone : Ok loser boy what's the deal with me being little miss comedy all 
of a sudden.

Yakuza : huh what?

Kiyone : This episode

Yakuza : But I haven't written it yet....

Kiyone : You will. Anyway people have me dating their "my charecter who is 
actually like me" but
yours is a male slut who dates or is going to date almost everyone apart 
from me in the house.

Yakuza : Well there ya go I'll give you Tenchi

Kiyone : Yay?

Ryoko : What about me?

Yakuza : Er..... actually I got an idea

*Yakuza's room following morning*

Yakuza glances around and notices a gp uniform and black and red armour.

Yakuza : .... uh oh too much tea again.

To be continued.... as if.... sorry for the spoilers but maybe you should 
read the intro last...
hmmm logic mocking or what
************************************************************************************************

      "It's time to begin our plan. The Angel will come back to us," Tokimi 
called out to D3 who
was in his astral body. Kagato stood in front of her waitinf for his duties. 
"Kagato you must
take out all the non important people, while you D3 make sure Washu does not 
get involved."

      "It shall be done," with those words D3 disappeared to prepare for his 
task. Kagato soon
did the same leaving with the Souja. Tokimi was left alone staring at the 
blackness and shadows.




      Jason fell to the floor screaming in agony. His body let off a deep 
red glow as he held
his head his hands and screamed agai. This time it caught everyone's 
attention and soon they all
rushed to his side to see what was wrong. Jason stopped screaming after a 
while and stood up
dazed. Tenchi gazed at him and soon relised that his eyes had changed 
colour. Instead of the
violet colour they had been they were now a deep blood red colour.

     Ayeka took a few steps forward towards him but he held a hand up. "Stay 
away from me," he
shouted at the shocked princess.

     Jason's hand glew and energy began to form in it. "Ayeka look out," 
Tenchi knocked Ayeka out
of the way of an energy blast sent out by Jason.

    "Stay away from me, I've got to go to her. Tokimi," he shouted spreading 
his wings. He fired
a blast into the wall and it opened up. He flew out and disappeared flying 
off into the air.

    Washu glanced a look up at Tsunami and frowned. The goddess store back 
at Washu and bowed her
head. "Ryo-ohki wake up we've gotta go," Washu whispered shaking Ryo-ohki to 
wake her up.

    "He'll be a mile away by now," Ryoko moaned in anger. She slammed her 
fist into the wall
nearby and it broke. As she did so Ryo-ohki was just transforming from 
cabbit mode to spaceship
mode.  Everyone was trannsported aboard and they quickly set off in 
Ryo-ohki. No one said
anything or did anything.

     Tenchi store into space as he held on to the Tenchi-ken. "You could 
have told us Tsunami,"
he muttered to the Juraian goddess.

     "I'm sorry," she replied, "just think how you would have acted if it 
was Ayeka or Ryoko.
You'd have done the exact thing wouldn't you?"

     Tenchi turned and store into the goddess' eyes and sighed, "yeah but 
you should have told us
maybe we could have done something."

     "Well we can't now can we, we can't do anything. All we've got do is 
stop him long enough
for me to kill Tokimi." Tsunami showed emotion that Tenchi hadn't seen 
before. "I'll make her
pay."




    Jason's eyes flashed bright red as he spread his wings. The Angel stood 
patiently and smiled.
"I'm waiting for you," he hissed running his hand along the handle of his 
nimble katana. He stood
outside the shrine in front of the forest.

    "I'm going to have to hurt you Jason. Unless you will come along 
peacefully," Yosho stood
behind him.

    Jason smiled and grabbed his sword, "you were a fool to come here old 
man."

    "We shall see," Yosho smiled and grabbed his wooden bokan. Jason span 
his sword round but
it was answered by Yosho's. He attacked again on the reverse and Yosho 
answered it trying to push
Jason backwards. The half Angel kept his ground and held off Yosho's 
attaack. As Yosho pushed
forward Jason scrailed along the ground digging up the dirt. Yosho span his 
bokan round at Jason
and knocked his katana to the floor. "Now do you give up?" Yosho questioned 
holding the bokan
in front of Jason.

    Jason smirked grimly, "I'm afraid old man you have yet to see my power." 
The fallen Angel
held out his hands and concentrated his power. Yosho took a step back in 
amazement. "Dark
lighthawk wings," shouted Jason as three black energy beams appeared from 
him. Jason stepped
through and suddenley was covered in a black and red armour much like 
Ryoko's. He held out his
right hand and created a sword with it. He used the left hand to create a 
shield. Yosho dropped
his bokan and created an energy shield and sword aswell. Jason ran forward 
and slammed his sword
down at Yosho but he dodged it easily. Yosho span the sword into Jason's 
ribs and tried to raise
it into his shoulder. The Angel flinched and fell backwards in pain. "Well I 
guess I
underestimated you old man. But can you handle this?"

    "I am ready for anything you can throw at me Jason, but you yourself 
must fight Tokimi's
power over you." Yosho held his sword up and prepared a defence. Jason held 
one arm forward and
began creating energy with it. Soon he had gained enough energy and fired a 
barrage of energy
bolts at Yosho who created an energy shield. Yosho was taken a back by the 
blasts and sent to
the floor. Jason dropped down in front fo Jason and held an energy sword up 
above him. Swiftly
he slammed it down. Suddenly he stopped several centemeters above Yosho's 
head. Suddenly his eyes
flashed a bright violet colour and he fell over backwards screaming in pain. 
"That is it Jason
fight her control."

     Jason held his head in his hands and screamed in pain. His eyes flashed 
violet and red.
"What am I doing? Who am I?" Jason struggled to stand and his eyes flashed 
red again and he held
up the sword again. Yosaho blocked it this time and pushed Jason backwards. 
He followed it with a
swipe and then a few others. Jason dodged them all but he was being pushed 
backwards rapidly.
Jason ducked under one of Yosho's swipes and threw him over his head sending 
Yosho into the
shrine. Jason held his hands together and prepared and energy blast. He 
fired the beam and
obliterated the shrine sending the entire building crashing down on Yosho. 
The young Angel's eyes
flashed red and violet on and off several times. "I... am Tokimi's... 
servent," he told himself




     Tenchi store out the window and felt a cold chill run down his spine. 
"Grandpa," he
whispered to himself.

     Ayeka looked over him curiously, "is it Yosho lord Tenchi?"

     Tenchi didn't answer at first. "Yes I think he's in trouble back on 
Earth. I'll check it
out."

     "We'll take you there before we fight Tokimi," Ryoko answered from 
Ryo-ohki's command
console. "You can help him can't you?"

     Ayeka glanced at the space pirate and then the Juraian prince shaking 
her head. "I'm sorry
Tsunami said we needed as many people on the strike against Tsunami as 
possible."

     "That's okay I'll settle it," Tenchi snapped standing to his feet. 
"I'll stop Jason."




     Ryo-ohki left the planet Earth as soon as Tenchi had been left there. 
The Juraian prince
studied the area carefully and saw that the shrine had colapsed. Quickly he 
ran over and started
rumaging throught the rubble of the shrine searching for his grandfather. A 
single deep laugh
could be heard faintly and as he turned around he saw Jason standing 
laughing at him and his
probabley dead grandfather. Tenchi turned flipped tenchi-ken into his hands 
and it instantly
shone with a blue glow of energy.

     "So Tenchi do you really think you can take me down? I'm not gonna be 
holding back this
time," the fallen Angel smiled.

     Tenchi gripped the Tenchi-ken harder and prepared an attack. He charged 
towards Jason and
flung his sword at the fallen Angel. Jason created an energy sword and 
blocked it pushing Tenchi
backwards down to the floor and fired an energy blast at him. Tenchi was hit 
in the stomach by
the blast and was sent scrailing across the floor. Tenchi glanced upwards as 
blood covered his
face and ran into his eyes. A deep blood red colour brought a rage to him 
and he charged again
but this time more aggresivly. The tenchi-ken was flung into the air at 
Jason, slicing into his
arm. Jason delivered a spin kick to Tenchi and followed it up with an even 
harder one with his
other leg. Tenchi was sent into the air. He landed in the forest next to the 
lake. Jason
insatantly ran after him with a sickening smile. The fallen Angel ran 
silently seeming to almost
float over the ground as he ran. Tenchi struggled to his feet wiping blood 
from his eyes to see
Jason stood in front of him. The fallen Angel Swung his sword at Tenchi but 
it was blocked by the
Juraian Prince. Jason continued his onslaught as Tenchi only just managed to 
block his attacks.
Jason was moving so fast that to Tenchi it seemed a blur. Tenchi felt a snap 
against his face and
fell to the floor. He flipped back to his feet and attacked Jason but the 
fallen Angel wasn't
there. Suddenly Tenchi felt an intense pain in his back and fell to the 
floor. Jason removed his
sword from Tenchi's cheast and smiled.

      "Two down six to go." Jason smiled and then laughed grimly. "I'm going 
to enjoy killing
them," he smiled disengaging the energy sword. Then he noticed an eerie blue 
light in the corner
of his eye. As Jason turned he smiled and glared at Tenchi. "You finally did 
it. You finally
unlocked the power of the lighthawk wings." Tenchi created an energy sword 
and frowned at Jason.
The half Angel smiled and shrugged while creating his own energy sword. As 
he held out his hands
he created the lighthawk wings also and stood in a fighting stance. Tenchi 
charged forward and
slammed the sword down. Jason blocked it and swung the sword back at Tenchi. 
After blocking
Tenchi used his free hand to created an energy blast which caused Jason to 
be thrown backwards.
Jason began to laugh evily and as he stood up he smiled sarcastically. "Well 
I've got to admit
you do have some power in those beams of yours. But I'm afraid it'll not be 
enough." The fallen
Angel ran his right hand through his hair straightening it out. Using both 
his hands he created
two energy swords and darted towards Tenchi who did the same. They both 
jumped in the air and
flung the swords wildly at one another connected severaly blows in a matter 
of seconds. As they
hit the floor they flipped backwards turning in mid-air to connect several 
other blows. Tenchi
seemed to do the most damage to Jason but the fallen Angel still boasted. 
"Well are you gonna
talk or not?"

      Tenchi frowned and held the two energy swords by his sides and 
prepared another attack.
"You will pay for what you did to my grandfather." Jason smirked and charged 
forward at Tenchi
but his attacks were blocked and repeled by Tenchi causing Jason to fall 
backwards off his attack
while maintaining his balance.

      Jason snapped back his head and only just managed to stop himself from 
attacking. "There's
something you don't know about the wings. Tokimi copyed the wings with me 
but added something
special. Two things really. Ultima stage and the Lighthawk bomb. The Ultima 
stage is the
Lighthawk wings in attack mode and the lighthawk bomb is a technique used 
while in this mode."
Jason smirked and laughed manically, "you don't stand a chance."

      "I don't believe you," Tenchi spoke defiently, "you've lost your mind. 
You have to try and
remember your friends. Your family."

      Jason glared at the Juraian prince, "I have no family." He laughed 
insanly taunting Tenchi,
"I don't care if I lose my mind, as long as I butcher you and all your 
friends."

      "You're going down Jason, and you will remember."

      Jason cocked his head to the side and smiled darkly, "bring it on."




      "Ryo-ohki why are we slowing down," Ryoko shouted at the spaceship.

      "Miya, Miya," Ryo-ohki responded.

      Ryoko gasped and thought a moment. "Ayeka is this Jurai's territory?" 
Ryoko asked the
fatigued princess.

      "Oh... I believe so. Why what is the matter miss. Ryoko?" Ayeka 
replied sleepily.

     "There's a huge battle going on in the nearby area. This is where 
Tokimi is though right
Tsunami?" Ryoko questioned the Goddess. She merley nodded in answer. "Jurai 
is battling Tokimi's
fleet but Ryo-ohki says there are two Galaxy Police ships involved. 
Apparently they are the
strongest things out there. Problem is they're on Tokimi's side."

    Something clicked in Ayeka's head and she remembered something, "Tokimi 
controls those
ships, Jason told me. He said they could win the war for Tokimi we've got to 
do something." The
princess turned frantically to Tsunami.

    "We've got our job to do. We'll just have to hope the Juraian fleet can 
hold out." Ayeka
and Tsunami seemed to stare at one another in sorrow for their helplessness 
to help their people

    Ryo-ohki slowed as it reached a small planet near the battle area. Soon 
everyone was
teleported to the planet and Ryo-ohki was sent into the battle to help Jurai 
at any cost. Ryoko
and Ayeka stood at the door to defend against the army while Tsunami went to 
confront Tokimi.




   "You haven't had enough?" Jason asked the injured Tenchi who lay on the 
floor. Jason smiled
slamming down his energy sword into Tenchi's leg causing him to shout out in 
pain. The faLLen
Angel shone with a bright blue energy as he attacked the weaakened Prince. 
Several blows hit him
and brought a deep wound in his cheast with a single blow. Tenchi fell 
stumbling backwards unable
to stand. Jason charged forward towards Tenchi holding an energy sword in 
the air. As he reached
a few steps away and stopped his eyes were wide in pain. As Jason looked 
down he saw tenchi-ken
jammed in his stomach. The fallen Angel fell backwards writhing in agony. As 
he hit the floor his
eyes turned from red to violet and the glow disapeared.

   Tenchi instantly stood to his feet and knealt next to Jason, "are you 
ok?"

   "Where am I? What happened?" the half Angel asked Tenchi.

   Tenchi smiled and looked away from the teenage humanoid, "I'm sorry 
Jason."

   "I'm sorry you're sorry," Jason replied.

   "Well I'm sorry that you're sorry that I'm sorry."

   Jason laughed and closed his eyes, "let's not be sorry any more.... my 
friend." with those
words Jason's body went limp and his face went pale. A single tear from 
Tenchi fell on Jason's
cheek as the Juraian Prince walked towards the shrine. Unnoticed to him the 
Angels' two bright
shining wings unfolded and he slowly began to float into the air shining 
with a white light.
"Tenchi Masaki," he spoke with an echoed voice.

   Tenchi instantly turned hearing his name, "what on Earth?"

   "My name is Jasonia Kadasaki, I am the only surviving Angel." The half 
Angel still hovered
above the air with a holy glow. "I am immortal."

   Tenchi gazed at Jason in wonder and smiled, "that means I didn't kill 
you?"

   "You are correct. But there is something of upmost importancy we must 
attend to. We must help
Tsunami defeat Tokimi.




    Kiyone sat at the console system franctically trying to get the shields 
to work. Mihoshi sat
next to her fiddling with a coffee machine.

    "Hey Kiyone, would you mind making me a coffee?" the blond haired galaxy 
police officer
asked.

    Kiyone's eyes bulged and a large vein appeared on her head. "You.... 
you.... don't tell me
we're in a hyper dimensional war against one of the hardest fleets we've 
ever battled and you're
thinking of coffee."

    Mihoshi thought for a moment and then shrugged, "yes."

    "I don't believe you Mihoshi...." Kiyone's argument with Mihoshi was cut 
off as an alarm set
off. "Mihoshi that's the signal for us to jump onto Shunga."

    Mihoshi looked confused for a moment. "What?"

    Remember Mihoshi, "we're jumping from this ship to Shunga then with the 
help of an invasion
squad we're gonna take it over."

    Mihoshi again looked confused while thinking. "Which side are we on 
again?"

    "Just follow me and when I tell you to shoot, you shoot," Mihoshi's 
partner said rubbing her
head. Kiyone drifted into a gaze out into the space at a nearby Juraian 
ship. Amber was there.
Amber, the on thing even Mihoshi didn't know about. Kiyone's sister.



    Jason glanced at Tenchi and smiled, "we need to help them don't we?"

    "Of course we've got to help them," he shouted.

    Jason closed his eyes and then opened them sharply, "you love her don't 
you."

    Tenchi stood stunned a moment, "who?"

    "Don't you know. I always did."

    Tenchi still looked confused, "what do you mean."

    A small piece of paper floated with an eerie blue glow and landed on 
Jason's hand. "I never
told you who you really loved. I just told you what I wanted."

    "You said Ayeka, why did you lie then?" Tenchi asked.

    Jason smiled to himself dropping to the floor, "I was jealous of you. 
You and Ryoko, I always
loved her and thought if I told you Ayeka then Ryoko would be free for me. I 
relise now how stupid
and foolish that was."

    "So Ryoko's my love then?"

    Jason sighed and shook his head, "Tenchi, I never told you who you 
loved. But I never said I
lied."

    "This is..... just too confusing," Tenchi moaned trying to think 
straight.

    Jason held out the piece of paper and Tenchi's eyes focused on it making 
Jason fade into a
blue in the background. The paper was face down so no name could be seen. 
"Take it. This piece of
paper will tell you who you truly love."

    Tenchi heisitated then slowly held his hand out reaching out for the 
paper. Suddenly he
stopped and pulled his hand back turning his focus to Jason again. The young 
Angel smiled brightly.
"I don't want to know. I want to find out for myself, without any other 
interference."

    "Are you sure?" Jason asked. Tenchi nodded silently. The half Angel 
screwed the paper up in
his hand and let the paper fly off in the wind.

    Tenchi looked up at Jason and frowned, "they need us." With those words 
the two of them ran
off ready to leave. The small piece of paper rolled along the floor. On the 
back side of the
paper was a single word. That word is Tenchi's true loves name.




    Kagato attacked Ryoko again forcing to stumble backwards to the floor. 
Ayeka charged from her
side but suffered the same fate. The two of them lay on the floor as Kagato 
stood over them. He
smiled down at Ryoko as he held up his sword.

    "Stop," came a voice echoing through out the vast halls. A familiar 
Juraian prince stood
opposite Kagato with Tenchi-ken in his hands.

    Kagato smirked evily and laughed, "as if you can stop me from that 
distance."

    As Kagato turned he found himself stering down at Jasons' violet eyes. 
"You're finished for
good Kagato."

    "So I guess Tokimi's plan failed? Well no matter after Tsunami is 
destroyed you will all
perish under her," the dark servent spoke.

    Jason span his sword round at Kagato but it was blocked. Tenchi charged 
forward and attacked
but the sword was blocked again. Both the Juraian prince and the half Angel 
attacked at the same
time causing Kagato to have to use two swords at once. Both Tenchi and Jason 
created two swords
each and attacked Kagato causing a dsitinct disadvantage. After several 
blows to Kagato he fell
to the floor dead. Jason and Tenchi together helped the girls to their feet.

    "We've got to help Tsunami," Ayeka stated as she reached her feet. 
Before anyone knew
anything Jason had disappeared.

    Ryoko smiled and turned to Tenchi, "he must really like her..... hey 
what do you think you're
doing wrapping your arms around my tenchi."

    "How dare you say such athing Ryoko. Of course one wouldn't expect 
anything better from a
monster such as yourself," Ayeka smiled as she reached her feet.

    Ryoko snapped her head to one side, "well you're just lucky I'm on your 
side because Kagato
would have taken you out a long time ago."

    "Can you two stop arguing we've got more important things to worry 
about?" Tenchi shouted
interupting the argument.

    "Yes Tenchi," the two chirped together.




     Jason ran through the halls of the vast ship as fast as he could. His 
eyes were a blur as he
ran. Tears fell from his eyes as he thought of Sasami and Tsunami. This was 
all his fault and he
couldn't help feeling guilty. His heart beat faster as he shook his head and 
ran faster. His legs
screamed for him to stop but his body continued forcing him down the hall. 
He looked down
ignoring all his thoughts all his pain and conecentrated on running faster. 
Suprisingly he did
run faster. Soon he reached a door where he was sensing a large amount of 
energy. He burst
through the door and was amazed to see both Tsunami and Tokimi releasing 
enourmous amounts of
energy against one another. Jason felt the energy thrust upon him and almost 
lost his balance. It
was the most incredible thing Jason had seen in his life.

     "Jason?" Tsunami asked half turning from the battle.

     Jason ran in front of Tsunami and created a forcefield. "Tsunami...." 
he smiled.

     "So I guess my plan didn't work then? Well I'll just destroy you all 
then," Tokimi laughed
manically.

     Tsunami stepped forward and held out her hands creating a huge blast of 
energy which hit
Tokimi full force. The goddess fell backwards and landed on her back in 
pain, "I don't think so
Tokimi. You're not as trong when you're combined with a human are you?"

     "Shut up!" she screamed firing a blast back.

     Tsunami answered it with an even larger one. "You're losing Tokimi and 
soon it'll all be
over."

     "I don't think so Tsunami," the goddess dove forward into the air and 
created an energy
sword. She then dropped from the sky down at Tsunami. Just as she began to 
drop Jason jumped into
the air and created an energy sword and blocked the attack. While in mid-air 
the young half Angel
held his arms up and began to create the lighthawk wings.

To be Continued??

Authours second note : Sorry for the quck to be continued eneding but I just 
want to keep you on
the edge of your seats. Dragon Ball Z does it alot..... no wait that's 
dragging six episodes out
into 25 episodes. What Tenchi does in 14 OAVs Dragon Ball Z takes millions 
of same lengthed tv
shows.




