“You never know how much you miss someone until they’re no longer there.”

BGlanders presents:

Divinity

***	

In a place that defies the laws of reason, and in a universe that mocks the fabric of time, there is a 
palace that rivals the imagination.  To try to name where it begins and ends would be utter lunacy, as would 
the task of trying to describe how water, air and life could exist in what should be a freezing void.  In this 
palace, one could find the answers and more importantly, the questions to all of life’s mysteries, but only if 
one knew where to look.  

	It is in the unimaginable center of this palace, where all roads and worlds collide and cross that 
one can find the home of the Goddess.  For mortals to try and comprehend her existence, let alone her 
chamber in terms of physics or architecture, would send even the most developed scientific minds into a 
bubbling frenzy of madness.  It is here that the Goddess resides, and here where one can find her, if one 
knows where to look.

	The Goddess herself is a being beyond words.  Her very existence has been described as 
impossible, yet she has appeared numerous times, and her mark has been left on numerous universes and 
countless lives.  Some have named her the Goddess of creation, the beginning of the beginning of thought.  
They that worship her as the goddess of life and intelligence have christened her the great Creator, crediting 
her with the forming of intelligence and rational thought as well as creation.  

This however, is hopelessly wrong.   

	Then there are those that speak of her with loathing and fear.  These people would call the 
Goddess a being of true evil, the harbinger of death and the destroyer of science.  These people have 
christened her with titles as the Dark One and the Nameless Stranger.  These people have grown to fear the 
Goddess, not for any vile act of attrition, but because of her very existence.  To these people, she is the rock 
that smashes their glass pane windows of science. To a race that cast away their beliefs in a higher 
existence and threw themselves into their worship of science, the unproven yet undeniable existence of the 
Goddess has been the source of disunity and strife for many races, causing uncountable civil wars and 
Jihad’s that resulted in genocide.  For all this, the Goddess was blamed, one side claiming they were driven 
to their actions to appease her, the other to abolish her.  In the end, both parties declared her the root of all 
sin, and both rejected her, claiming she was the source of all evil, standing in the way of their progress.

	This presumption is also hopelessly wrong.

	The Goddess has never asked nor denied any form of worship, only obedience from those that 
would serve her.  In truth, the Goddess couldn’t care less about the impurities of science, its limitations or 
its laws.  That was the business of another, and the Goddess knew that she was beyond the realms of mortal 
reason and teachings.  Her purpose was simple, oversee the natural flow of time.  It was her duty to make 
sure any outside forces didn’t disrupt the natural order of existence.  As it was, Reality was too set in its 
tracks to veer off to the point of no return, but all the same, the Goddess was to oversee and manipulate a 
multitude of different dimensions and universe’s, each one interacting with the other.  

At the beginning of time, the number of universes was of no concern to the Goddess’s incredible 
conscious and intellect.  And even if the strain of her task became too much, her sisters could always step 
in and assist.  In the beginning, the Goddess and her sisters divided and delegated their duties between 
themselves, each taking that which they thought they could handle with the most efficacy.  

One sister presided over the creation of life and the natural order of existence.  Her task was to 
make sure life developed and continued in the vast continuum.  This meant all life, from the simplest 
microbes to the beings with the most advanced potential for intelligence.  The second sister had the task of 
maintaining the natural order of intelligence.  The development of intelligence and rational thought in each 
continuum was her sole priority, as was the birth of science.

The task of the third sister, our Goddess, was simple; bring about the chance of existence.  Her 
duty was to create and oversee the vast universes the other two sisters worked with.  Each of the three 
relied upon the other, for what’s the use of creating a universe if nothing is to come of it?  And even if life 
is created, what’s the use if understanding is nonexistent?  Each goddess relied on the other for their very 
existence, and each was content in their roles.

  As it was, things were well and order was maintained, but unfortunately the Goddess’s very 
duties were to lead to their dissolving.  After the residents of the different universes developed 
enlightenment and religion to an advanced level, our Goddess began to listen to their aimless prayers.  
After a time, she believed that the vast cries for understanding from a higher power were directed at her, 
and our Goddess, having never been confronted with such a situation, accepted the role of Messiah for the 
countless mortals of the multiverse.  It was this action that led to the breaking of science in many cultures 
and eventually caused the great Jihad’s.  Our Goddesses sisters saw this as a direct act of defiance on her 
part.  After all, she had only been a link in the chain of existence, yet she was taking the credit for existence 
and knowledge as well as creation.  Her sisters, infuriated by this act, renounced her and went their separate 
ways.

One sister, the creator of life, chose to amerce herself into creations, taking on the form of a 
sentient being.  As a tree, the basic core of collective intelligence, she resided in a universe of her choosing.  
Ironically, her act of taking on the role of leader of the sentient trees led to following of her own as she was 
now hailed as the Tree of the Beginning.  Her presence among the plant collective caused an advanced 
development in their life cycles; leading to the creation of the water of life and later, to the first 
developments of matter shifting and the first space trees.  Eventually, her presence caused the rise of 
organic technology to an unbelievable level, and with this technology, the inhabitants of the Goddess’s 
adopted home world soon rose to great stature in their own galactic empire.

The second Goddess saw how the actions of the first had affected her surroundings and decided to 
prevent the same mistake from happening twice.  Taking the form of the most sentient being in that 
particular universe, she immediately wiped her mind clear of any knowledge of her powers or history.  
However, as her powers were too great to lay idle they manifested themselves into three gems, one 
representing each of the three sisters.  These gems stayed with the second sister all throughout her mortal 
life.  When the one time goddess begat a daughter, she passed on the gems as a gift, not aware of their 
complete and unlimited potential.

When her sisters left, the third Goddess felt that the isolation from the only two beings like her 
was to serve as her punishment for stepping beyond the boundaries of her duties, and therefore resolved not 
to directly meddle in the affairs of mortals from that point forward.  Now that her sisters were gone, our 
Goddess resolved to limit the number of dimensions that were to be created, then eventually ceased any 
further creation, lest the burden of overseeing and controlling them became too great.

At first, our Goddess stretched her resources to the limit, making sure that each universe ran its 
own course.  However, as the vast number of universes, also known as the mulitverse, was so vast, the 
strain eventually became too much.  Fearing that she was stressing her very being to the point of mental 
ruin and lunacy, our Goddess reached within herself and divided her being into several different sentient 
life forms, and thus, the birth of the Guardians came about.

The first Guardian was a single entity, spawned of our Goddess’s logic, and was designated the 
overseer of the Multiverse.  Eventually this being took on its own persona and patterns of thought, and 
named itself D-3.  The second was divided into several smaller beings, each with their own sentient 
thoughts and emotions, but each implanted with a rooted devotion to the actions and commands of our 
Goddess.  These beings, the less powerful second class, were spawned from our Goddess’s rationality, and 
were dubbed the Keepers.  Their sole purpose was to watch over the individual dimensions as designated 
by D-3.  The third class was the least powerful, being spawned from our Goddess’s emotion.  Their job was 
to carry out the will of the Keepers, and they were christened the Avatars.

And so it has been for countless years that our Goddess has been alone, surrounded only by paled 
reflections of her own self.  Her own duties had been so divided amongst her servants that often times she 
found her mind wandering.  This often surprised and confused our Goddess, as by her very nature such a 
thing should have never been possible.  However, by the modern definition of science, neither was she.  
Now that she had time to reflect, our Goddess suddenly found something inside herself that she had 
assumed was improbable.

Loneliness.

She would often times catch herself missing her sisters and their reassuring presence.  Until they 
left, she hadn’t realized how important they were to her own mental well being.  Now, without their 
constant reassurance, she found herself feeling what we would relate to sadness.  As a constant reminder of 
their being, our Goddess never took on form without the shadows of her sisters behind her.  Every time she 
appeared, they were there in effigy as a reminder of what once was.  At first their shadows were merely a 
reminder, but as time progressed, they became akin to a security blanket for our now lonely goddess.

For years, she has made numerous attempts to rekindle the relationship she once had with her 
kindred.  As one sister was now all but lost, consigning her existence to that of a mortal, our goddess 
focused her pleas toward her first sister, the creator of the space trees.  For untold years her sister scorned, 
then ignored our Goddess’s cries.  Only recently, upon merging with a mortal in her own dimension did our 
Goddess’s sister begin to understand the concept of hypocrisy.  Seeing her own actions as a mirror of our 
Goddess’s from so long ago, the first sister finally began to contemplate her own actions, and even started 
to give in to her own guilt.

Now, as our Goddess sits in her palace beyond the great axis of time, lost in thought and 
wallowing in self-pity, she suddenly hears a voice.  It could be the great river of time flowing in the 
preverbal back of her mind, or it could have been the voice of D-3 interjecting into her own conscious, or 
maybe, just maybe, it was something more.

“Sisters, are you there?”

*** 

Tenchi & co. belong to AIC and Pioneer

All C&C should go to BGlanders@aol.com

