A Mosswood Production:
Tenchi Muyo!: Tower of Roses
Chapter Three: The Tower
By: J. Bond

Author's Notes: So far so strange.  A junkie, an actor,  a child, 
a waitress, a darkman, and two star-crossed lovers.  Not to 
mention two little army men that aren't exactly sure what they're 
guarding.  More dreams of a devil and a gunslinger.  So what does 
it all mean?  Well this chapter is for opening some doors and 
answering a few, not all but a few questions as the adventure 
slowly begins to gain speed.

Warning: The following contains adult situations and adult 
language.

Chapter Three: The Tower
June 1
Japan

Tenchi rolled in his bed.  Dreams.  Dreams he didn't want to 
have.  Dreams that scared the shit out of him to tell the truth. 
 But tonight was different.  Tonight a strange dream came to him, 
not the usual, but something far different.  The field, no not a 
field but an ocean of roses.  Tenchi stood staring, knee deep in 
a sea of blood red flowers.  There was something off in the 
distance, far away.  The clouds over head seemed to be floating 
towards it on a blanket of air.  Tenchi paused, this is a dream, 
I can feel it.  He began to walk, taking each step with care, 
being deliberate in his placing.  Sweat appeared on his brow even 
though there was no heat.  Come to think of it there was nothing. 
 No wind, no heat, no cold, no moisture.  Tenchi lifted his head 
and looked around.  He was probably a good three or four miles 
away from whatever it was the clouds were going towards but he 
could make it.  In dreams you could do anything.  His legs picked 
up again and he walked on this time a little faster.  He could 
feel something out in the roses.  Something watching him, maybe 
even the roses themselves, it was hard to tell.  Every time his 
foot hit the ground he expected a clawed and snarled hand to 
snake out of the ground, in between the thorns and roses, 
grabbing his legs.  Pulling him down into the ground.  But 
nothing ever came.  Ever step lifted up and ever step went down. 
 He moved with silent determination towards whatever it was.  

He wasn't sure how many hours had passed but after all it 
was a dream wasn't it?  It was a Tower, he was sure of that now. 
 It arched up into the sky and buried itself in the clouds.  From 
here now they clouds looked like they were filled to their 
bellies with rain.  They swirled around the top of the Tower in a 
twisted spiral.  The Tower was massive, spanning higher than he 
could see.  Large windows had been carved into gray muddy stone 
that built it.  A small path could be seen from where Tenchi 
stood.  It's beaten path twisting through the ocean of roses till 
it planted itself at a large iron gate that seemed to beckon to 
him.  Tenchi suddenly had a strange vision of walking up to the 
Tower and standing before the gates where a small sign would be 
hanging.  Bent and crooked with age only five words would be 
scrolled upon it.  Abandon all ye hope here.  Tenchi suddenly 
laughed.  Wouldn't that just be the finally knock out?  He walked 
on.  Feet cutting threw the thick undergrowth of flower.  
Suddenly the flowers ended, just stopped and a wide path of dirt 
lay before him.  Tenchi looked up, he could almost peer into the 
windows from where he stood and something scared him.  Watch out 
for those hands.  They belong to him.  Suddenly hundreds of hands 
darted out from in between the bushes of flowers.  What the 
hell?!?  Tenchi danced and almost fell over onto the path.  
Thousands, maybe even millions of hands were waving madly into 
the air from the flowers.  Tenchi spotted one that was giving him 
the finger, another was holding some kind of axe, but the last 
one he saw made his blood run cold.  The hand was holding 
something lumpish, a head.  Tenchi focused his eyes, please god 
no, don't show me who I think it is or I'll go mad right here.  
God didn't answer.  The twisted hand turned and showed him what 
it held.  Ryoko's head was sitting firmly in it's palm.  An 
expression of shock on her face.  Hold on, hold on, just don't 
scream.  For a fleeting moment he knew that if he screamed he 
would be gone forever.  Sanity would just simply jump out of his 
head and land in his lap waving at him.  
"They want you to be scared.  It's best you don't pay 
attention to it."  A voice said.  Tenchi jerked and suddenly 
warm liquid ran down his leg.  He spun around to see not the 
Darkman but the other, the cowboy, the gunslinger.  His face 
looked old, prematurely lined.  His hands were shoved in the 
pockets of his beaten leather jacket and a small shadow had been 
cast over his pale eyes from his hat.  
"Who are you?"  Tenchi stuttered the words, while trying 
to convince himself that he hadn't just pissed his pants.  
"You know who I am.  But for the sake of repetition we'll 
go through introductions."  The man smiled and bent his head.  
The hands were waving more and more madly in the air now, seeming 
to realize what was around them or near them.  "Roland."
Tenchi turned his head slightly looking back at hands, most 
were saluting the middle finger at the gunslinger while others 
were making jack off gestures in the air.  "Roland.  I've 
dreamed of you."
"Yes, I know that, and you've dreamed of the other too, 
haven't you?"  Loki turned his head down and took off his hat.  
Short black hair was hidden beneath it, small highlights of gray 
intertwined.  
Tenchi stared at him and then slowly nodded, the other.  
"Those hands are his aren't they?"
"Yes, well at least the one's he controls."  Roland paused 
and then moved towards the Tower.  "You've dreamed of this too 
haven't you?"
Tenchi looked up at the massive tower.  The pregnant thunder 
clouds swirled around it faster and faster.  Lighting flew 
occasionally from the clouds to the Tower.  Fingers of bright 
whit reaching towards it.  Roland began walking at a slow pace 
and Tenchi followed.  "Do you know what this it?"  Tenchi 
asked.
"Yes, and no.  I have some idea of what it is but not a 
clear idea of what's inside it."  Roland kicked a small pebble 
from the path into the flowers.  A hand picked it up and then 
threw it back.  The rock was flying straight for Roland, dead 
center and then something happened that Tenchi wouldn't have 
believe unless he had seen it himself.  The rock slowed down and 
the arched around the gunslinger before resuming it's course.  
Roland laughed, "This is the Dark Tower, from what I've been 
told and what I believe this is the nexus for the universe."
Tenchi stopped and looked again.  "It looks pretty shitty 
for being some kind of holding peace then."
"That's exactly right.  It's falling apart."  Roland 
turned towards him, the heavy revolvers on his hips sitting cris-
cross.  

"What do you mean it's falling apart?"  Tenchi squinted 
his eyes as another bolt of lighting came thunder down from 
above.
"It's coming unglued at the seems.  Right now it's just 
small things but when it falls all the way down every is going to 
move on."  Roland grimaced and then produced a small hand rolled 
cigarette from a small knapsack that hung from his shoulder.  A 
small match appeared in his hand and he struck it on his boot 
heel.  The flame blazed a reddish yellow before dying out.  The 
Gunslinger took a drag from his smoke and then let the smoke 
sneak out his nostrils.  "Once this Tower falls all the 
universes not just yours, are going to decay.  Things are going 
to fall apart and eventually just tapper off.  Not with a bang 
though.  It'll take centuries in some places and days in others. 
 The Tower pays no attention to time, but eventually everything 
will come undone.  Like I said, not with a bang, but a whimper."
Tenchi stared at him.  "What are you talking about?"
Roland took a single shell from his belt and then handed it 
to Tenchi.  "Just watch out for the next few weeks.  And pay 
attention to that-"

*****

Tenchi screamed and then flung himself upright.  Sweat stung 
his eyes and drizzled over his body.  His breathing came out in 
ragged chops.  What the hell.  A dream, that's right a dream.  
Ryoko lay beside him not making a sound.  She shivered slightly 
and he throw his blanket on top of her.  She let out a small moan 
of pleasure and then went silent.  Tenchi ran his hands through 
his hair and then flung his feet over the side of the bed.  His 
left foot hit something cold.  No don't do it.  You know what it 
is don't confirm it.  Tenchi lifted his foot and even in the low 
early morning light he could tell what it was.  A large bullet 
shell was laying on the ground, rolling softly from side to side 
and the words ran out in his head.  This is the Dark Tower.

*****
June 2
USA


Terry flicked the cigarette but out the window and pulled 
the keys out of the ignition.  They jingled in his hand before 
finally being silenced inside his pocket.  Instead of getting out 
though he sat in his car.  He had made it all the way to Missouri 
in almost record time he thought.  Jetting down the highways at 
mock speed it was a miracle that he had never been pulled over.  
It had also been 48 hours since he last slept though.  His eyes 
were bloodshot and heavy bags hung beneath them.  He pulled out a 
small bag of twinkies and stared at the house across the street. 
 His sister lived in this house still, at least he thought so.  
It had been seven years since he had seen his sister, and it had 
been at this house.  He got a card occasionally from her during 
the holidays but all in all he didn't pay much attention to her. 
 He never really wanted to have a connection with her.  She had 
always been the smart one, the one that his parents had adored.  
So why are you coming back then?  The thought suddenly made him 
jump.  Why was he coming back?  It was almost like a slap in the 
face.  Hi I haven't known you were alive for the last seven years 
but hey let me in I need to stay with you for awhile.  The 
thought made him laugh, but it wasn't funny.  The laugh was more 
on a border line of insanity then commedias.  He downed one 
twinkie but saved the other, wrapping it in the plastic and 
slipping it into his coat pocket.  He was still wearing the same 
clothes as he had when he fled.  They smelled and over all he did 
too.  Now you know what a bum feels like Terry.  He laughed 
again, the same kind of laughter as before.  Your losing your 
mind.  
Taking a breathe he opened the car door and stepped out.  He 
walked across the street and began his slow trek up the walkway. 
 His heart was beating at almost a mile a minute.  Something was 
going to happen.  She would slam the door in his face, not even 
answer it.  Maybe she wasn't even home.  Suddenly he was at the 
front door, hands sweaty and heart off-beat.  He straightened his 
hair the best he could and then quickly knocked on the door.  He 
waited, the strain overwhelming.  The skin around his eyes seemed 
to be pulled tight and it felt like his eyes were bulging out of 
their sockets.  A funny image came into his mind of his sister 
answering the door to see him standing with his eyes hanging out 
of his head by two small stalks of corded nerves.  This time he 
didn't laugh.  His stomach turned over and he knocked again.  His 
eyes turned to the knob and suddenly caught sight of a small note 
that was tapped over the knob.  He tore it off and read it 
quickly.
Jack-
I left for the day with Gina, I'll be back around nine 
o'clock, if you get home before I do please take out the laundry. 
 Robert is spending the night over at Bobby's and Holly is 
spending the night over at Carla's.  We'll be alone tonight so 
don't fall asleep early tiger.
-Your loving Wife
Connie 
Terry's stomach turned.  The thought of his sister having 
sex made him sick.  He managed to stick the note back onto the 
door as best he could and then turned around.  He suddenly felt 
very tired.  His back leaned against the door and he slid down 
it.  He sat on the porch his legs out in a flying V.  Looking 
around he pulled the last twinkie out and began to eat it.  After 
the second bite he made the mistake of looking down at it.  White 
cream trickled out of the sides between the yellow foam cake.  
His stomach turned again.  Stop thinking about that kiddo!  He 
tossed the rest of it behind a nearby bush and then without 
warning his eyes closed and didn't open.  He slept silently on 
the porch his back to the door until Connie Deschain came home 
that evening and almost fainted with shock at seeing her brother.

*****
June 2

Fallon coughed up a mouthful of blood and then spit it over 
the side of the bed.  Her lungs were on fire and her stomach was 
playing volleyball with the Big Mac she had just eaten.  Off in 
the corner she could hear (sense) something moving.  Her eyes 
darted over and she caught sight of a small cockroach scurrying 
over the floorboards of the motel.  Carefully she scanned her 
surroundings.  The room was dilapidated to say the least, but for 
ten bucks a night what better could you get?  The shakes were 
coming back again and vaguely Fallon remembered a time when she 
had been clean.  Those were the days sister.  Those were the 
days.  Her spiky red hair shot out in angles that didn't seem 
possible.  What had happened last night?  The memories were 
coming back in short bursts like fireworks. 

Quietly without word she slipped her hand into her pocket 
and pulled out two twenties.  The memories came back all the way 
now.  That fat man from the plane.  He had taken her out for a 
drink and she had, what had she done?  You didn't do anything.  
That's right, he had given her the number for this place.  Last 
night he had showed up unexpectedly and somewhat in a prophetic 
way.  For the last two days she had been begging for money 
almost, she had gotten down to her last three dollars.  She 
remembered sometime in the evening thinking that it was possible 
to eat yourself and still live.  She had been so hungry and then 
the image of her dead baby came to her saying, "You can eat me 
Mommy!  You killed me already what's the difference?"  That 
thought had sent her sailing to the dirty bathroom to empty her 
lunch out.  About an hour later the fat man had shown up, what 
was his name?  Walter, that was it.  He had knocked on the door 
and Fallon had opened.  Then he had made a small suggestion, 
forty bucks a fuck.  Fallon remembered that part quite clearly.  
She cringed, he had smelled like alcohol and what had happened 
after that?  Fallon searched and searched through fried brain 
cells and dead nerves.  He had taken her out to get something to 
eat and then got her drunk.  No not just drunk but to the point 
were she had passed out later on that night.  They had gone back 
to the motel and he had paid for the bill that night.  She 
remembered the details after this part in a very vague manner.  
He had handed her forty dollars and then mounted her from behind. 
 Fallon cringed again, yes that was right.  Then after he was 
done he left without a word.  After he left she had puked till 
she thought her intestines would come out in a steaming pile of 
sausage links.  
"Fuck..."  Fallon sighed and laid back down on the bed.  
It smelled like gin and vodka, she was sure of that.  So far she 
had fallen off the liquor wagon but she was holding onto the 
wings of the cold heroin turkey quite firmly.  A beatles song 
suddenly floated through her head:
In the town where I was born,
Lived a man that sailed to see,
And he told us of his life,
In the land of submarines,
So we sailed off into the sun,
Till we found a sea of green.
Well I haven't exactly sailed to sea but I sure have sailed 
somewhere.  I think the town name is Your Fucked.  Fallon let out 
a squeal of laughter and wrapped her arms around her head.  Ten 
dollars a night, forty dollars, forty divided by ten, without 
food I have four nights left.  Her laughter grew till it began to 
bubble from her throat.  How many days is it you can go without 
food if you have water?  She laughed harder.  Maybe I can drink 
cactus water or catch me a rabbit down yonder!  Her laughter 
turned into tears.  Why?  Why does this have to happen?  I just 
wish everyone would die.  Jack-knife...in your sweaty hands.  So 
kind of innocence is measure out in years, some kind of happiness 
is measured out in miles, what makes you think your something 
special when you smile?  She was laughing and crying at the same 
time when a knock came on the door.  That fat man?  What's his 
name?  Walter, yeah, Walter.  
Fallon lifted herself up from the bed and turned towards the 
door.  A strange feeling came over her.  Jimmy, he would be 
behind that door, holding their dead baby in his arms.  No that's 
not possible it's just a dream.  Isn't it?  Her heart jumped a 
beat for a second and sweat stood out on her brow.  
(Wigwam frightened of the dark, some kind of solitude is 
measured out in you, you think you know me but you haven't got a 
clue.)

Slowly she moved towards the door, the knocking grew louder. 
 Fear was tensing her muscles.  He's dead, the babies dead, they 
can't come back.  Suddenly Fallon straightened.  That was right, 
they were dead and she was alive.  Dead people can't get up and 
move around.  Suddenly Fallon let out another column of laughter. 
 Her hand wrapped around the knob and she turned it.  The door 
swung open and standing there was Jimmy.  One eye hanging from 
it's socket by a thick strand of nerves.  In his arms was a small 
limp bundle of flesh that beared some resembled to a baby.  A 
small syringe was sticking out of it's chest.  Fallon's eyes 
suddenly bulged.  And she screamed.  She flailed her arms out 
backwards and something hard hit her face.  She couldn't move, 
she tried to back pedal but something was caught around her, 
something was pulling her down, something like a-
-bed sheet was wrapped around.  Fallon lifted her head up 
and stared.  She had fallen off the bed and was tangled in the 
bed sheets.  Somehow she had fallen asleep and had another 
horrible nightmare.  She looked at the clock it was two in the 
afternoon, she must have just passed out for a nap.  She took a 
deep breathe in and almost choked on it.  Tears began to run down 
her face.  I can't take much more of this, she thought.

*****
June 2
USA

The hummer was pulled over on the side of the road and David 
Murphy was throwing his arms madly into the air.  "WHAT THE FUCK 
ARE WE GONNA DO?!?"
John Reckmore paid no attention and turned up the army 
scanner.  He could hear people shouting but with David in the 
background it was hard.  Quickly he shut the door and turned the 
volume up to full.  His blood ran cold.  The following is a radio 
transmission as originally broadcast from the special Army band 
52A:

"-we have to get the fuck out of here man!  They're gonna come 
get us man!  What the hell-"
"-This is Robert Darrings, Commander of Operation White Rabbit. 
 We fucked up, there's an accident.  Something I don't know how, 
something was in the roadway, a guy, no wait-I don't know it was 
something.  The tanker flipped over and the other two crashed 
into us.  There's leaks, everywhere.  The first tankers busted, 
the second one is crack and the third one got the worst, it's 
ripped in half.  Jesus Christ I don't know what to do.  Somebody 
pick up, anybody.  We need help, it's wiping out everyone.  The 
flu or whatever it is, is killing all of us here.  I'm on a 
respirator but I think it's getting me.  Jesus we fucked up.  
Someone please, someone please tell my wife I love her.  Please 
someone just answer <gunfire> FUCK!  FUCK!  Everyone's going 
crazy.  Private Williams just iced half other the second trucks 
crew.  Oh fuck, oh fuck I don't know what to do! <more gunfire, 
multiple arms> JESUS SOMEBODY TAKE HIM DOWN!  NO GET AWAY! 
<explosion> <at this point it is determined that Commander 
Darrings has been terminated, the following is presumably Private 
Williams although this is not confirmed.  It is also predicted 
that he is in infected and in the third stage with rapid 
hallucinations.> I AM THE OVERLORD!  BOW DOWN <gunfire><this is 
what is theorized as Private Williams death> This is Major 
Tommery I am now taking over the forces left <cough> from the 
accident <gunfire, and a scream> Background Voices: Come on baby 
give me a some loving....<blank air>...I can't see 
anything...<gunfire>...I want to go home, mama...<gunfire>....Get 
that fucking radio out of here dammit...<gunfire>
TRANSMISSION STATUS: TERMINATED


David Murphy was shaking, no he was falling apart.  His arms 
were limp and moist from sweat.  He could hear the whole 
transmission from outside the car.  John had pumped it that loud. 
 The large man came out of the car.  His face was white and his 
lips were trembling.  He held a small plastic rectangle in his 
hands.  David stopped yelling and stared at him.  He took the 
plastic card from his hands and read what was printed: BREAK OPEN 
AND READ INCASE OF ACCIDENT.  David snapped the card and pulled 
out the small white slip of paper.  Two simple sentences were 
written on the card.  TERMINATE ALL SURVIVORS.  TERMINATE 
YOURSELF.  David screamed and dropped it.  John bent down and 
read it and his face suddenly went flat.  It looked like someone 
had taken a brick and smashed it into his face.  "What do we 
do?"  David suddenly asked.  
John read the slip again and then tossed it away.  "We do 
what it says."  His voice was far away as were his eyes.
"WHAT?!?  YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS?!?"  David started mumbling 
to himself but John couldn't tell what.  
"We do what it says."  John turned and then grabbed David 
by the arms.  John was a big man capable of putting almost anyone 
out.  He shoved David into the hummer and then boarded the 
drivers side.  His head was racing.  The only answer seemed to be 
the one on the card.  The Hummer peeled off the side of the road 
and then pulled a U-turn and started heading backwards.  They 
drove for thirty minutes before they saw the wreck.  It was off 
in the distance somewhat, about a mile, smoke was coming up and 
random gunfire would spurt off into the air.  John floored it and 
then watched as it got closer and closer.  He stalled the car 
when they were only a few meters from the front fender of the 
first truck.  John drew his sidearm and then looked at David.  
David was far off his eyes wide and blank, he was mumbling 
something but John couldn't tell what.  The sentences kept 
running through his mind.  TERMINATE ALL SURVIVORS.  TERMINATE 
YOURSELF.  He stepped outside and moved around the side of the 
Hummer.  The wind was blowing his way but that didn't bother him. 
 He looked and almost threw up.  A litter of bodies were 
scattered beside the metal of the broken tanker.  They were all 
dead.  Their eyes were swollen shut and their necks were black 
and blue, vomit was laying around them.  A small sound suddenly 
came to his ears.  Footsteps, footsteps of a drunk.  He turned 
and looked forwards, a man was stumbling along the road, his face 
swollen and matted with vomit.  A large rifle was hanging from 
one hand.
Terminate all survivors.  Terminate yourself.  John Reckmore 
leveled his service revolver and then fired.  The man's head 
exploded in a fountain of blood and gore.  John Reckmore had 
killed his first man.  

It took forty minutes for him to check everywhere around the 
tanker and bodies.  He killed five more after the first, pumping 
shell after shell into their bodies.  His head hurt and in the 
last forty minutes he developed a small cough.  That wasn't a 
problem it was the smoke that's what it was.  Not whatever those 
guys got.  He spent twenty minutes double checking bodies and 
randomly firing into a few that still looked living.  He walked 
back to the car and sat in the seat.  He knew what was next, the 
worst part.  He loaded a new clip into his pistol and then his 
head exploded against the drivers side window.  David Murphy was 
trembling, pistol in hand.  Sometime during the last hour he had 
snapped out of his trance and realized what was happening.  His 
partner was doing what was on the paper.  He was going around 
killing the survivors and when he got back he plained to kill him 
and then himself.  When he heard the shots getting closer he had 
flipped the safety and pushed the gun under his shirt aimed in 
the general drivers side direction.  When he had heard the 
footsteps of John he pretended to go back in his trance.  Then 
John had entered the car and David had waited till he was 
reloading to fire.  
"Jesus Christ they'll be here soon."  David said blankly. 
 That was standard operating procedure.  Come and make sure the 
job had gotten done.  Well whatever had gone wrong someone had 
fucked up royally and he didn't want to be a part of it.  He 
wasn't going to die for something he didn't know anything about. 
 Moving quickly he pushed John out of the door and what was left 
of the window.  It smelled like copper in the car.  Like dead 
flesh.  The wind was blowing his way and his hair billowed in it. 
 Quickly he popped the Hummer into four wheel drive and then 
peeled out into the dessert.  He was going to escape.  That was 
all there was to it.  An hour later he peered into the rear view 
mirror and thought he saw someone sitting in the back.  Someone 
with no face, grinning.  Three hours after that he reached a gas 
station out in Nevada.  Stopping for gas he infected the gas pump 
attendant and then register girl with perky tits.  He got back 
into his car and moved on eastwards.  Trying to escape.  And the 
whole time he paid no attention to the cough or the occasional 
sneeze.  He was driving down a desolate highway when at seventy 
when he sneezed and out of the corner of his eye he thought he 
saw a small rose near the road.

****
June 3
Japan

Itsuko Nagami leaned back in her chair and tried to clear 
her head.  They were closed and she was about ten minutes away 
from leaving the dinner.  She was the only one there and for some 
reason she liked that.  Your a loner baby.  She laughed at the 
thought and then a hand snaked up and unbuttoned her blouse.  Her 
hand went inside her shirt and she pulled down her bra strap, 
carefully she felt her breasts.   No lumps.  Thank God.  For a 
moment she thought she felt something.  Like a madwoman she 
stripped of her top and ran to a mirror her breasts giggling.  
She ran to the nearest mirror and looked at her breasts in them. 
 No, no lumps, just got too nervous.  Looking around she put her 
bra back on and rebuttoned her blouse.  Whoever that man had been 
she thought he was the devil.  Something about the way he said it 
made her think it was going to be true.  Well actually it seemed 
more like it was HIM then anything he said.  He could have said 
that her penis would rot off and she would have believed even 
though she was a woman.  The guy was just...so...creepy.  If 
there was a devil he was it.  She was sure of that.  Carefully 
she sat down and stared at the TV.  Little did she know that the 
day before a tanker had spilled over and let loose some kind of 
deadly virus.  Somewhere outside she thought she saw someone, a 
man, maybe the same man walking by.  She shivered and turned off 
the TV.  God help me I'm losing my mind.

To be Continued...
