A Mosswood Production:
Tenchi Muyo!: Tower of Roses
Chapter Two: Dreams
By: J. Bond

Author's Notes: Okay I hoped that you liked the first part.  If 
you didn't then too bad!  Any-who what we basically have here is 
an evil villain, two lovers that are slowly falling out of love, 
a waitress and that ever strange rose in the parking lot.  What's 
up with that little rose?  Let me tell you that it's more than 
just a rose.  Have you ever seen something that seems to hold a 
whole universe in itself?  Well I hope you enjoy this next 
installment.

Warning: The following contains adult language and mature 
situations.

Tenchi Muyo!  Tower of Roses
Chapter Two: Dreams
-May 29

Terry Lockhart yawned and let the buzz take over.  Things 
were good.  Sooo good.  He was fried up on some killer weed that 
he got from a little bald man.  Strange that little bald man 
seemed to be everywhere all the time.  Especially right when you 
needed him.  The apartment he was in was in the least an 
apartment.  It's wide spacious hallways were decorated with 
modern art that he had pawned off some guy downtown.  The 
apartment was three levels high, barely an apartment.  Each floor 
was equipped with two bedrooms and the first and third floor had 
their own kitchens.  Damn straight.  Life was good.  This was 
only his second season on "Trips" a small television show that 
aired on NBC regularly at nine o'clock.  Well it was hardly 
little anymore.  The first season had been a smash.  The TV show 
was basically just a small view of day to day life in a dinner.  
Terry himself hadn't thought that it was all that funny but 
apparently the audience did.  Nearing the end of the first season 
he was getting really setup.  The show was moved from a late 
night spot to a prime time slot.  Entertainment had already said 
that "Trips" was going to be one of this decades most 
influential comedies.  And they could never be more wrong.
For three days he had been having an all out killer 
celebration.  Throughout his entire life, which was actually not 
very long, he had never seen so many woman and drugs in his life. 
 The three days were an all out blur from booze, and drugs.  He 
could still smell sex in the apartment, no matter what floor he 
was on.  Even in the bed he was in now he could almost sense the 
lust that had taken place.  To tell the truth he couldn't 
remember if it had been him in this room or not.  He might have 
during the first or second day but surely not the third.  On the 
morning of May 29, Terry had woken up on the first floor, wrapped 
in bed sheets and a cigarette burned down to the filter in his 
left hand.  His head was pounding and already he could feel the 
fingers of a massive hangover squeezing his head.  

The first words out of his mouth had been, "Awww, fuck."  
Relatively good words considering that he couldn't feel his legs. 
 In that split second between waking and sleeping when he was 
still groggy with sleep, he remembered vaguely looking around and 
wondering, were the hell am I?  Then the dawning realization 
came.  He was home as he called it.  Which was odd he had moved 
into this fangled place only a week ago.  What was the first 
thing he had done?  Thrown a party.  But it wasn't just a party. 
 Their were so many people.  Most of the people he didn't even 
know and a few of them had just walked in off the street and left 
two days later with a large grin on their face.  The beauty of it 
was that the police had never shown their faces there.  Hell a 
few of the party guests had been Chicago officers themselves just 
trying to get some and have a nice time.  Doubtless that they had 
families, but in Terry's mind it was every man for himself.  That 
was how he had always been and that's how it was going to stay.  
The night of the first party had been a strange one indeed he had 
passed out sometime in the early morning, have from exhaustion 
and have from a blood alcohol content that was far above the 
legal limit.  That night he would always remember.  He had spent 
the hours he slept (very few) in a nightmare almost.  There was a 
small rose in some kind of parking lot.  And something big, dark, 
tall, he didn't know what though, that part had left him.  Then 
there was the sensation that someone else was there.  Someone 
that Terry particularly didn't want to meet.  He was standing in 
a field of dandelions (roses?  tulips?) staring at the man.  
There was something about him.  Then the tension had broke as 
Terry had woken up.  Yet again in that foggy haze between sleep 
and wakefulness he had seen something.  A figure standing by the 
bed.  No that wasn't right it was a creature.  Something beyond 
comprehension and all that he could see was a twisted smile.  A 
dirty perverted smile.  Terry had screamed then and that's when 
the woman next to him woke up, tripping off her ass of acid 
screaming as well.  Not from any dreams she had but from Terry's 
own voice.  
That had been almost two days ago now.  The house was dead 
and quite, almost.  Every now and then he could hear a few 
footsteps upstairs, probably just waking up and trying to find 
their clothes, or more drugs maybe.  He spent the third morning 
scrounging through trash and empty bottles looking for something, 
something to snort or smoke.  After an hour he hit the gold mine, 
well at least what was left of it.  Inside someone's jeans (god 
knew they weren't his a pair of boxers was also in them as well) 
was a small roach.  Maybe just enough for a bowl.  So he had hit 
it up and waited.  Whatever it was it wasn't weed, opium maybe, 
whatever it was it was good shit.  That left him were he was now, 
laying in a bed, stoned and staring at the ceiling.
"Rollin' baby, just moving along."  Terry said aloud.  The 
sound of his voice was a little disturbing but at the moment he 
really didn't care.  His ears were still ringing and his head 
felt like a squashed tomato.  Footsteps were coming down the 
hallway, they passed by and then stopped and turned around.  For 
a moment Terry's heart jumped in his throat and sweat broke out 
over his body.  It's him, the grinning guy.  The thought made his 
stomach turn and for a brief moment he was positive that the door 
would open and a grinning man would walk through with a rusty 
piece of barbed wire wrapped around his hands, like a choking 
chain.  The doorknob twisted and Terry almost let brown mud into 
the bed.  The door opened and Richard Feldman walked through with 
a hazy expression on his face.
Terry let out a sigh and then looked up at his co-star and 
friend.  They had moved her together to make it big.  And make it 
big they had.  In the words of Terry Lockhart himself, they was 
rolling, movin' along.  "Rise and shine daisy.  You got a 
helluva day ahead of you."
Terry's head was spinning as he sat up.  He was dimly aware 
that he was naked in the bed.  Without words he pulled a sheet 
off the bed and wrapped it around him.  "What do you mean?"
"Baldy's out front in the living room.  He wants to know 
when your planning on paying for this shit."  Richard, a tall 
man, moved his hand around the room motioning empty liquor 
bottles and dusty mirrors with razor blades by them.

"What?"  Terry was still trying to grasp what he was 
saying.  Everything was still going.  Rollin' good, movin' along.
"What did you think this stuff was free?"  Richard was 
smiling but then he realized that yes, Terry had thought that in 
one way or another.  The tall man's face suddenly darkened and he 
slammed the door to the room shut and twisted the lock.  He moved 
quickly and set Terry down on the bed.  His eyes had a slight 
hint of worry in them.  "Man you better be fucking with me.  
Please say you are."
"About what?"  Terry shook his head.  Bad move.  Thunder 
exploded in his temples as Richard spoke again.
"The money.  The money for all this stuff.  The booze, the 
woman, the weed, the coc."  Richard had begun to tremble and for 
one eerie minute Terry wished that the grinning man had come 
through the door.  
"I don't know..."  The words kind of leaked out of his 
mouth.  "I don't know."
"Oh God.  This is serious Terry!"  Richard suddenly 
slapped him full in the face.  Terry fell back onto the bed and 
more pain raced and burned at his nerves.  "Where is the money 
for this stuff?  Try and clear your head where is it?"
Terry fumbled over the concept and then the part of his mind 
that wasn't stoned suddenly clicked together.  He had spent the 
last of his money on this apartment.  So what had he done?  He 
had thrown a three day bash with hookers, booze and any kind of 
drug imaginable.  And then everything hit him at full force.  The 
cops hadn't showed up because someone had paid them to stay away. 
 Someone that expected to have his payment back in full or in 
blood.  Terry's eyes spun for a second and the room went out of 
focus.  This isn't happen.  Everything's fine, were rollin', 
movin' along.  That's when he vomited onto the floor of the 
second story room.  Chunks of something got caught behind his 
teeth and he quickly opened his mouth all the way.  He stared 
down at the carpeted floor that had once been a tannish color, 
but in the last few seconds had merged into a greenish yellow 
hue.  He was fucked.  No money, nothing.  Not for awhile at 
least.  Richard suddenly began to laugh.  Not a normal laugh but 
one of hysterics.  "Oh this is great.  This is just fucking 
great.  We're fucked now Terry.  Really fucked."  Richard 
pounded his hands against the wall.  "How could you let this 
happen."
"I...I don't know."  Terry muttered.  His stomach was 
floating on a glob of molten lead.  Somehow he had lost control 
and everything was tumbling out of his hands.  Like gambling, he 
had spun the wheel and came up with double zero: house wins.
Richard leaned his head against the wall.  "Okay you have 
to get out of here.  He's going to come to you first for the 
money.  I'll say that you left last night with some whore and 
you'll be back soon."
Terry nodded dumbly.  Almost within the space of five 
minutes Terry was dressed and being shoved out the second story 
window onto the first floors patio overhead.  Terry stumbled 
through his stupor, shoe's untied and pants not even buttoned.  
He looked down from the overhang and almost puked again.  Not 
thinking he jumped and landed on his feet.  He tumbled over onto 
wet grass and then scurried across the yard and hopped the fence. 
 Within ten minutes of getting his clothes on Terry Lockhart was 
burning down the street in his Mercedes at sixty.  
And that's how Terry Lockhart (star of "Trips", grand 
master of party throwing, dear friend to Richard Feldman) went 
from superstar to man on the run.

*****

May 30

Tenchi Masaki leaned back and laced his fingers together.  
His eyes were slowly falling, almost totally closed but then 
snapped back open.  No.  He didn't want to sleep.  Wouldn't 
sleep.  Two days ago the dreams had started.  No that wasn't 
right.  He could handle dreams, these were anything but, they 
felt like visions.  Thousands dying, millions, maybe even 
billions.  It was like watching some terminator movie were the 
man character has a never ending ammo clip.  No this wasn't all 
of it.  This wasn't fun to watch by no means.  In the movies you 
knew it wasn't real, but this was.  He could taste the air feel 
the breeze smell the flowers.  Roses actually.  Fields of endless 
roses.  But there was something else.  Two parts of the dreams 
that he hated the most.  There was a man.  No not a man, a devil, 
maybe even the devil himself.  Standing in a field of something, 
Tenchi thought roses but he wasn't sure.  His face twisted into 
an evil grin.  Eyes cold dark and yielding their own light.  This 
wasn't what he hated most, it's what happened next.  The man, the 
grinning man would lift a hand to show him a bloody, rusty, 
scalpel.  It's blade bent and twisted.  Blood trickling down the 
side, and then he would walk towards Tenchi, his pace even and 
clean.  The stride of a man going to do business, a man that was 
going to get it done one way or another.  Then he would vanish, 
not really disappear or fade but just vanish.  Then another man 
would be sitting down in the field of (roses?) flowers.  The man 
was tall, rugged, his face covered by a cowboy hat.   He wore a 
coarse and beaten leather jacket that was tanned to a burnt brown 
with sun.  Across his hips were a set of ancient revolvers, 
massive and gleaming.  The belts crisscrossed on his hips and 
random shells littered the small holding holes.  In the dream 
Tenchi would stare and for some reason not feel threatened by 
him.  He would actually feel a kind of radiant warmth.  Then the 
man would look up and speak.  "It's coming boy.  Be ready, don't 
try and hide from it cause it'll catch you.  And stay away from 
him."  The man pointed and Tenchi would turn.  The grinning man 
would be right behind him breathing down his neck, rusty scalpel 
in hand.  Then the dream would end with Tenchi screaming and 
falling, falling, falling till he woke.  
The sun beat down on his half-opened eyes.  Time was passing 
quickly soon it would be night.  Very soon indeed.  Ryoko was 
suddenly behind him.  How long she had been there he didn't know. 
 They preformed the same ritual of communication as always, just 
making idle chat.  "You look tired."  Ryoko said.  Her eyes 
were also half opened.
"Yeah, I've been having some...interesting dreams to say 
the least."  Tenchi rubbed his chin and watched the sun.  
"Me too.  Bad dreams actually."  Ryoko yawned and tried to 
keep her eyes open.  The sun beat continued to beat down.
"Really?"  Tenchi smiled slightly.  "They're getting 
pretty bad, and it's almost always the same.  This guy, I don't 
remember what he looks like but I remember his grin.  The grin 
and then another guy, a cowboy I guess."  Tenchi went silent and 
stared over the horizon.  Pretty soon it would be getting nice 
out, warmth and good weather.  They sat silent but it was 
uncomfortable silence.  Tenchi had expected his wife to at least 
tell him what her dreams had been.  He turned to look at her and 
then gasped.  Ryoko had gone white and her eyes were wide, skin 
pulled tight.  Her throat was making a dry audible click, 
something like a crab snapping it's claws together.  Her hands 
were shaking.  "What's wrong?!?"

"I had those dreams to.  Only in my dream the cowboy 
spoke."  Ryoko tossed the words out and almost choked on them as 
her tongue lost control.  "He told me to watch out for 
him...that man...the Darkman."
Tenchi stared at her not knowing what to feel.  His hands 
had curled into fists and his testicles had shrunk to the size of 
pellets.  The Darkman.  That name was so fitting.  It summed up 
everything about him.  He was the devil.  He was the Darkman.  
Then it struck him.  Like a bullet train.  They were dreaming the 
same dreams.  The Darkman and the cowboy.  "Oh dear god."  The 
saliva slipped out of his throat and disappeared somewhere.  
They stared at each other and then both of them turned 
towards the horizon.  Somewhere they could almost him.  Walking, 
his eyes glowing grinning that twisted grin.  They stared for 
what seemed like hours.  Hundreds of miles away in the USA Terry 
Lockhart dived from the overhang and screamed down the street at 
sixty.  Itsuko Nagami sat in her room compulsively feeling her 
breasts for lumps.  The Darkman moved silently down a worn and 
beaten path that same grin on his face.  

*****
June 1
USA

"Turn that shit up man this is classic!"  David D. Murphy 
pushed the accelerator on the Hummer and watched the speedometer 
spin up to sixty.  They were an twenty minutes ahead of the 
caravan of army cars and tankers that were hauling loads from one 
dessert base to the next.  Himself and his partner John Reckmore 
were taking point, making sure that the road was clear and 
everything went smoothly.  
"What are you talking about?  This is crap!"  John 
Reckmore was a tall man maybe 6'1 and 200 pounds.  He had light 
brown hair and pearl blue eyes that offset him.  Those eyes had 
taken more woman to bed than David would probably ever see.  
"Jesus Christ you are dense, this is CCR, the stuff life is 
made of."  David popped a cigarette in his mouth and lit it with 
practiced ease.  His short blonde hair was spiky and his blue 
eyes were set behind a reflective pair of sunglasses.  This was 
his fourth year in the army and already he was beginning to wish 
he was out.  Just two weeks left, he was getting short, and ency. 
 That was suppose to be the last of the "dangerous" jobs as 
they put it.  But hey he was making hazard pay just making way 
for tankers filled with something.  What it was though he didn't 
know.  He never knew.  Every time he asked it took two weeks to 
get an answer and the answer was always: Don't ask.  For the time 
being he was content though, but all that would change within the 
hour.

*****
June 1
USA

"Approximate time till arrival looks like forty minutes.  
We're going to begin our initial descent.  Skies are partly 
cloudy with a forty-two percent chance of rain, better bring your 
galoshes folks.  On behalf of the crew I'd like to thank you for 
traveling Redford airlines.  Where we make your trip a vacation 
in itself."  The intercom shut off.

Fallon tucked her head into her hood and coughed.  Hard.  
Her chest felt like a ton of bricks and her throat was on fire.  
Figures, this is how it feels to go cold turkey hon.  It was your 
decision to start know it's your turn to stop.  Her hair shot out 
of the hood at odd angles.  It was short and spiky, dyed a deep 
shade of burgundy but already the brown roots could be seen.  
Looking like a cheap whore honey.  Her body trembled again and 
the shivers ran up her spine.  The belt was a little bit too 
tight across her hips but at least it was killing her.  
"So where you headed to sweet thing?"  The man next to her 
asked.  He was fat to put it bluntly.  His belly piled over the 
seatbelt and sat there like a clump of clay.  Fallon Enman turned 
her emerald green, bloodshot, eyes towards the man.  She looked 
like hell actually.  Her face was pulled tight.  The path of 
tears could be seen on her face.
"New York."  She said flatly.  Her voice cracked slightly 
and the shivers ran through her body again.  Damn, she needed 
just one pop.  Go into the bathroom tie her arm and shoot that 
bad shit into her arm.  No!  Can't think like that.  It's only 
been two weeks.  The vomiting's passed, that was the worst of it. 
 At the thought her stomach turned.  Fallon grunted slightly 
staring at the puke-bag tucked in the pocket of the chair in 
front of her.  "Manhattan to be specific."	
The man was visibly shaken by her appearance.  She was tiny 
maybe only 5'5" and 110 pounds.  Her frail body looked like it 
would break if you touched her too hard.  "You alright honey?"
"Yeah," Fallon coughed again for his sake.  Put on the act 
a little more, "Just got a bad cold."  Her fingers were 
trembling as she fingered the small ashtray on the armrest.  God 
you look like a fool.  He's never going to believe that.  Wasn't 
like he wanted to know the truth either though.  The truth that 
he was sitting next to a desperate heroin junkie that was sitting 
on the cold turkey wagon.  And getting dangerously close to 
tipping off, she thought.  A smile crossed her lips letting a 
small chuckle escape.
The man's eyebrow suddenly corked up and he tilted his head. 
 "What's so funny?"  She held back the hysterical laughter as 
his belly giggled with every movement.  In her mind she could her 
it talking in one of those hilarious cartoon voices, telling her 
to get it some food.  That's it hun, your losing your mind.  Just 
get off the plane and find the nearest outlet to shot it up.  You 
don't need to put yourself through this.  Her eyes darted down to 
the bag beneath the seat.  The black duffle bag that was packed 
with bottles of gin and vodka.  So your an alcoholic too?  Deal 
with one addiction at a time.  The thought made her laugh again. 
 A wave of hysterical mad laughter.  People in the plane turned 
to look at her.  Some raising eyebrow's and others just shaking 
her head.  The man next to her leaned away and pretended to look 
out a nearby window.  You are a junkie babes.  You know it just 
admit it.  That's why you have to leave Reno ain't it?  That's 
the truth that your afraid to look at isn't it?
That's just the way of disasters.  She blamed Jimmy for it. 
 Blamed him for the whole damn mess.  He got into first two years 
ago and that brought her down.  Alcohol was what she was good at. 
 Drinking, not beer or wine, that would make her chuck till the 
sun came up and ever after, but hard liquor.  Your Jack, your 
Jim, and little old Bombay Sapphire.  That's what she acceded at. 
 Her only talent you could say.  Until two months ago Fallon and 
Jimmy had lived in a small one room apartment in a slum section 
of Reno, but wasn't it all?  They were rolling good for two 
years.  She left home at seventeen because of "moral 
differences" her mother had said after she gave her the boot.  
Then she hadn't been drinking though.  Well actually yes, but it 
was controllable.  She could handle her liquor then.  A drink 
every now and then, more of a social thing.     

Then the shit hit the fan.  In the summer of 1996 her father 
died.  Her mother's drinking stepped up to the next level.  Twice 
a day to be exact.  Not that to her it had been a big problem.  
Booze was floating everywhere around her house and eventually it 
got the better of her.  She had a drink frequently, about twice a 
day.  But it really wasn't a drink, it was getting totally 
plowed.  She would wake up in a puddle of puke that caked and 
encrusted her hair.  Then Jimmy had come along in the midst of 
all the chaos with one solid answer.  I love you.  That's what he 
said, or something along those lines.  He had swept her off her 
feet in something of a whirl.  She was dazed for months not 
really knowing what to do or what to expect.  The memories were 
coming back more vividly now then ever before.  The day in the 
small living room that she had to drop the bomb on her mother.
Janice Enman sat in the living room sofa with a glass full 
of scotch and water by her side.  It stood on a small coaster 
placed on the coffee table before her.  The room was decorated in 
an almost rustic style that kind of gave it a rural feeling.  A 
small sofa that seated three sat in the middle of the far wall.  
There were two doors to the room one going into the kitchen and 
the other leading away to the entry way and the stairs.  The 
walls were plastered with early childhood pictures of the family 
in their more "happier" times.  Before old Mr. Jack came along 
and began to take all the pain away.  The floor had a mammoth red 
rug that was zigzagged with black lines on it.  A small coffee 
table was set in the middle of the room and near the door leading 
towards the kitchen was another small high-backed chair.  A large 
lamp stood next to it.  It's shade dingy and gray with dust.  
Janice Enman paused like she had a thousand times before and then 
took a sip of her scotch.  It burned all the way down.  Not a bad 
burn but a good kind.  One that she had become accustomed to over 
the past year or so.  Hell one that she had begun to love.  The 
way it slid down and made that warm feeling in her belly.  Today 
was supposedly a big day according to her daughter.  The little 
bitch had fucked up so many things already what could she have 
done now?  Wasn't it bad enough that she had let her father die. 
 Wasn't it bad enough that she had made her feel guilty.  An 
ungrateful little bitch.  And that boy she was with was no 
better.  One of these days he was going to get them both into a 
whole heap of trouble if it hadn't happened already.  Her eyes 
tracked down her arm to the watch on her wrist.  A small dainty 
gold thing that her grandmother had given her.  Something that 
she cherished as much as her own daughter sometimes.
It was a quarter past two already.  She was late.  As usual. 
 But what could you expect from someone like her.  The problem 
was she had never really learned what authority was.  Someday it 
was going to give her a swift kick in the ass.  Janice leaned 
back and felt a small buzz behind her eyes.  A tingling, like a 
fly tripping along inside her head at mock speed, every now and 
then brushing the back of that ball of flesh she saw through.  
"Mama."  A single word floated into the air.  Janice 
lifted her head and saw her no account daughter sitting in the 
chair across from her.  A strange look was tied up on her face 
and Janice could tell almost immediately what it was.  She wasn't 
gifted in the book smarts department but she always had the knack 
of predicting trouble before it hit.  
"Your knocked up aren't you?"  Janice spat out.  Her words 
were slurred slightly but the point had gotten out clearly 
enough.  The bitch was knocked up plain and simple.
Fallon was silent.

"Was it by that boy?  That one your always with?  I told 
you that he was nothing but trouble.  Just a hood-rat looking for 
a quick fix."  Janice downed the rest of her scotch in one 
smooth gulp.  In ran down her throat and coated it with an 
intense fire.  You just gotta get some more of that down and 
everything will fade away.  Thankfully.  The problem at hand was 
the dog in heat before her.  "What's the matter you just 
couldn't keep your legs shut?"  Briefly a memory of her 
childhood flashed in her mind.  Janice's father, Norman Enman, 
had been a rough man to say the least.   He would come home and 
beat all the children before dinner and then take it to town on 
his wife.  But that was old business.  What came this time was an 
image of her Father looking down at Janice's older sister.  Three 
months pregnant, her belly already beginning to swell like a 
rotten watermelon.  If she remember correctly what she had just 
said were his exact words.  
"It's not like that.  I didn't mean for-" Fallon began, 
curling a leg up onto the chair.
"Didn't mean for what to happen?  What he slipped and fell 
inside you is that it?"  Janice's eyes were aching with a dull 
anger.  What right did this little bitch have to come into her 
house and give her this news.  After she had done so much.  After 
she had clothed, bathed, sacrificed her life for this little 
slut.  
"Mama please just listen to me-" Fallon started again.  
The anger was building on both sides.  Mother and daughter.
"Listen to what?  How he put his seed in you?"  Janice 
lifted her head and stared at the little slut across from her.  
Tears were forming in the slut's eyes and slowly falling down her 
chin.  Good, hope she chokes.  After everything I've done this is 
what I get in return.  I don't think so.  "You've got two days 
to get all your things out of here.  I don't want a slut living 
in my house."  
Fallon burst into tears.
That had been almost three years ago.  Time passed quick 
when you spent it in a delirium of drugs and booze.  Time seemed 
to speed and slow at your will.  The moments flying by when you 
wanted them to (and sometimes when you didn't) or standing still 
as a snowflake on the ground.  After she had left the house she 
had floated with Jimmy for a year.  Trying to make ends meet but 
never quite getting there.  She had tried that was for damn sure. 
 Working nights and days both while being pregnant.  Then the 
heroin had come.  Jimmy first and then her until they were 
shooting each other up at nine in the morning before they left 
for work.  After awhile it became habit till one day they had 
gone a little bit too far.  Fallon was already in her third 
trimester and time was just flying by.  She had hooted and 
hollered time in and time out.  Shoot up and drank till she was 
straight.  Then one day they both came home from work.  Jimmy had 
some `killer shit' he called it.  Knocked him out like a light 
the night before.  So doing the all American junkie thing they 
had sat down at the dinner table and drove the spikes home.  Only 
this time it was a little different.  As Jimmy had said it was 
some `killer shit' literally.  An hour after she shot up (an hour 
of after the best high of her life) she passed out.  The toxin 
had worked it's way through her system at almost light speed.  
When she came to she was in a hospital bed at Saint Mercy County 
Medical Center.  

At first she was only morbidly said at what had happened.  
She had almost overdosed on some of the best shit in her life 
(the last shit in her life as well).  A man had come into the 
room, he was tall and handsome and Fallon had felt a little 
guilty at wondering how he was in bed while she lay in the bed.  
His voice was chipper but it quickly took a down-side as the 
first bit of news came out.  Jimmy was dead.  He had died last 
night at 9:23 p.m., he never even made consciousness once before 
passing away.  The freight train hit her at nearly two hundred 
miles per hour.  Tears welled up in her eyes, her stomach began 
to pull loop de loops up and down left and right till finally she 
puked over the side of the bed.  Shock registered in her system 
and that wasn't something she liked (but would become suddenly 
accustomed too) or wanted.  That was the first bullet.
The second blast came two hours latter when they felt that 
she had calmed down enough to a certain extent.  A doctor in a 
white lab coat (minus the three dots of blood on the right 
sleeve) came up and sat next to her and spoke very softly.  Yes 
the worst could happen followed by yet another wham of death and 
despair.  Her child was also dead.  The toxins hadn't just worked 
on her but also on the baby.  He informed her in a quite whisper 
that the baby would be had died about eleven minutes after she 
had shot the syringe home into her veins.  The babies system 
tried to cope with it but couldn't handle and then finally 
tapered off completely.  It was at this point that Fallon had 
moved like a bobcat out of the bed and grabbed the mans pen from 
his breast pocket.  Surprised he had drawn away and ran towards 
the door.  God only knew what a junkie would do under strain.  
But with the pen she began stabbing herself repeatedly in the 
arms.  Blood came leaking out of the holes as she poked and 
slashed with all the strength possibly (which was very little but 
enough).  She had managed to slash a major artery before nurses 
(large bulky men that looked more like bouncers) came in and 
restrained her.  
After the two deaths (and a near complete suicide attempt) 
did the depression set in.  They had released her from the 
hospital on her own accord but to do what?  After a little debate 
she figured it was best to run.  Run as far from the past as 
possible.  Two months later she delivered a dead baby and never 
saw it's face.  They had put a drape up separating the lower half 
of her body from the upper and she had never seen any of it.  She 
never saw the puffed blue face.  The swollen lips and sunken in 
eyes.  The deformed head and gnarled hands that looked like they 
were grabbing for something (I'll get you my pretty, and your 
little dog too) just out of reach.  A month after that she sold 
the last of her heroin and then bought a ticket to New York, more 
out of spite than anything.  She wanted out of this dead city (to 
out run the dead baby) and the way she felt.  
A week before the trip the dreams had come.  Small at first 
but then as the week closed they gradually became more vivid.  It 
was almost always the same (when she could remember them that is) 
with only slight differences.  In every dream Jimmy would be 
standing by himself in there apartment, sometimes laying on the 
dirty mattress sometimes sitting on the fold out chair by the 
busted table.  He would motion her over and out of joy she would 
come running up to him.  The dream started the same every time.  
She only saw the back of his head while she was running to him.  
Her hand would slid around his collar and she would lean down 
close to whisper in his ear.  That's when she would see the fetus 
on the table.  A large needle sticking out of it's bloated purple 
chest.  Blood smeared along it's bent arms.  It's underdeveloped 
eyes would roll up to meet her's and she could remember seeing it 
every time.  It's purple lips moving, "Why Mommy?  Why?"  
Then she would scream as she backed away and saw Jimmy's 
face.  His eyes were sewn shut with string (or stapled sometimes 
it was hard to remember) and he would be smiling.  Not a good 
smile either.  The smile was twisted at the corners and small 
trails of drool would be leaking out of the corners.  He would 
rise up the tracks on his arms glowing an unearthly reddish color 
and then he would speak.  "Come on baby you cheated us.  You 
just left us here waiting here for you.  But it's okay now.  
We're all going to be together."  His eyes would roll madly in 
their sockets before the left one (sometimes the right one good 
days) would spill from it's socket and dangle by a cord of 
bundled nerves and limp flesh.  "Come on baby..."

Then she would wake.  Drenched in cold sweat and shaking.  
Sometimes to the sound of her own voice screaming in wails that 
didn't even seem human.  And every time she woke up she could 
almost see Jimmy holding the dead fetus in his arms deep in the 
shadows of the corner.  And every night she would curl up in the 
corner of the mattress and peer into the shadows, looking 
(searching) for that twisted angry grin.  The grin of a man that 
didn't want to be alone, he wanted his baby with him.  For two 
hours after the dream she would sit in the corner of the bed, 
debating whether or not she should dare get out of it and try to 
make a run for the light switch.   On cold nights she could see 
him, actually feel him in the room.  Accompanied by the smell of 
rotting flesh and midnight sex.  
If the moonlight came in just right she could catch the 
glint of the hanging eyeball and see the reflection of the drool 
on his twisted mouth.  Amazing how she had kept the screams in.  
Sometimes her teeth would sink so far into her lips that blood 
would pulse down her chin in a small warm channel.  It would 
cascade down her arms and stain the sheets she covered herself 
with.  And every night like the one before she would decide not 
to make a run for it and duck under the covers.  For one more 
hour after that she would tremble with fear, expecting a hand to 
suddenly clutch her foot and drag her out from under the sheets. 
 Something cold and damp holding a dead baby in it's arms.  Then 
sleep would finally take over and she would drift off into calm 
waters for another hour before dawn.  That was her life (if it 
could be considered one) take it or leave it.
A sudden jerk brought her out of the comatose she had been 
in.  Fallon looked around the plane and saw that the fat man was 
shaking her.  "You all right ma'am?  I've been trying to get 
your attention for the half-hour or so."
Fallon blinked and looked down at her watch.  She had 
drifted down memory lane just a little bit too much.  Tough 
titties as Jimmy would say.  The time had just flown by.  The 
shakes were coming back as the fat man jiggled her again.  
"Miss?"
Fallon blinked again trying to clear the thoughts out of her 
head (without success).  "Yes, I'm fine.  Just...thinking about 
the past."
The fat man looked at her raising an eyebrow (debating 
whether or not she was actually safe to be around) and then 
nodded.  "The past is sometimes a morbid thing."
Fallon held down a bubble of hysterical (insane) laughter.  
"Ain't that the truth...ain't that the truth."  Behind her the 
sound of death came.  A man sneezed.

*****

It had been two days.  Yes, two days but she couldn't be 
sure.  She had to learn her lesson and that was all.  If she had 
been a good girl she wouldn't be here.  Two days.  Two days since 
her Mommy's Boyfriend had put her in the closet.  Two days since 
she had eaten or had food.  Her stomach hurt to think about food. 
 A nice big bowl of cereal, Frosted Flakes, that was her 
favorite.  A massive bowl that you could almost swim in.  Wade 
back and forth between the edges and slide down the spoon into a 
lake of milk.  Two days since she had seen light.

Rachel Leafmen took a deep breathe and stared up at the 
doorknob.  She knew that if she touched it her punishment would 
be worse.  She was a bad girl.  A VERY bad girl.  That's why she 
was here.  If she didn't learn some simple rules then she would 
end up like one of those sluts on the corner.  At least that's 
what Mommy's boyfriend said.  Why hadn't she just gotten a drink 
of water latter?  It wasn't really that important at the time.  
She only got one because she had been outside running around the 
playground with her friends.  She came in to get a drink and when 
she pulled the glass from the cupboard it had fallen from her 
grasp.  Her mind replayed the one moment over and over in her 
skull.  She watched herself up on tippy-toes reaching for the 
glass, her tiny fingers outstretched.  Why hadn't she just waited 
till Mommy came home?  But instead the movie went on never 
changing.  She was reaching as far as she could her little ten 
year old body straining.  Then her fingers had touched something 
smooth and cool.  Almost got it.  Almost got it just a little 
more.  And that's when everything began to come into slow motion 
 in her memory.  The glass spun wildly as if possessed then came 
tumbling down towards her face.  She ducked down and the glass 
hit and rolled off her back onto the ground.  The sudden sound 
made her jump as the glass shattered and fragments stuck into her 
legs and feet.  Small droplets of blood stained the floor and 
seemed magnified on the broken glass.  Then his voice had come.  
That booming sound that made her think of the bogey-man.  That's 
what he sounds like.  That's his voice.
"RACHEL!  What the hell are you doing?!?"  Jeffery Mortin 
stood up and turned his drunken face around.  His eyes wide and 
head buzzing with a wild flock of mosquitos.  "What the hell did 
you do you little slut?  Didn't I teach you anything?  If your 
going to be a bad girl then your going to end up were all bad 
girls are.  With the bogey man in the closet!"
Rachel snapped awake, she must have dozed off during that 
short relapse were memory had often turned into dreams.  She 
looked around the closet.  Yes, this is were the bogy-man lives. 
 This is were he hunts little children.  A strong feeling of fear 
came over her small body and she was paralyzed, sure that if she 
turned around there would a monster hiding in-between the coats 
and skirts that hung in the closet.  It's red eyes peering out 
from in-between the soft fabrics, lips drawn back into a grin 
that leaked blood and saliva over it's razor sharp teeth.  She 
was positive.  She dared not to even let out the littlest moan.  
If the monster hears you he's going to come after you.  Just like 
Mommy's Boyfriend.  The monster was waiting.  That's what it was 
doing, it was waiting.  Just for her to turn around.  Then a new 
thought crossed her mind.  What if it didn't want to wait 
anymore.  She could see a twisted jagged claw snaking out from 
in-between Mommy's skirts and coats and latching onto her 
shoulder.  The nails digging into her flesh until she screamed.  
Rachel began to tremble.  She could almost feel the icy breathe 
coming out and brushing against the back of her neck.  But no 
matter what she wouldn't dare open the door and run.  That would 
bring an even worse monster after her.  Ten thousand times worse 
than the one that was in here with her.  This monster had no 
fangs or talons, it looked like a human and it always held a 
bottle.  It was tall with brown hair and stark green eyes.  It's 
name was Jeffery.  
"Mommy...mommy...please come home."  Rachel whispered and 
tried not to shake.  The more you shake the more it can hear you 
darling.  You wouldn't want that mean old monster to come and eat 
you up.  That's what the bogy-man does to bad children.  Children 
that don't listen to their parents.  He gobbles them up and eats 
them.  And he'll gobble you up just like a turkey drumstick 
Rachel if you don't stop shaking.  The little girl gritted her 
teeth against the sudden scream that was rising in her throat.  
Tears were coming down her face in a long wavy river that showed 
no signs of stopping.

To Be continued...

