I don't own these characters, Pioneer and AIC do.
Please don't sue me,  I
just spent all my money on Christmas gifts (aren't I
nice) you wouldn't sue
someone as nice as me would you?  Never?  Good, enjoy
the fanfic

Note: <blah blah blah> = thoughts

Tenchi starts to wake up.  He looks over at the clock
with much effort to
keep his eyes open.  5:00am, time to get up.  He rolls
over into something
warm and soft.
"Huh?" says a groggy and rather cranky Tenchi.
"Good morning Tenchi, last night was wonderful." Says
Ryoko in a
seductive voice.  "You were great."
"eep."  Tenchi utters as blood spills out of his nose
and he falls out of bed.
Ryoko turns bright red with held back laughter until
she can't take it any
more.  "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!  Don't
worry Tenchi, I'm just
playing with you.  If we had done it trust me, you'd
remember." Chuckles sinisterly.
"RYOKO!"  Tenchi screams.  He then realizes that she's
naked "AAAAAAAAAAH"
"All right I'll leave you to think about me in
private" Ryoko begins to
dematerialize when Tenchi stops her.
"Uh, Ryoko, what were you doing here anyway?"  He
questions.
"Just watching you sleep, it kind of calms me" said
Ryoko, but soon realizing
her weakness changed her statement "I mean I'm calm
even though I have to
guard you at night" <that wasn't too much better> "I
wouldn't want that villain
of a princess to harm you while you couldn't defend
yourself" <much better,
insulted Aeka, and saved self.>
"I don't mind if you watch me just don't scare me like
that" said Tenchi
completely ignoring the second two statements (hey,
maybe he's smarter than
he looks/acts/sound, well... at least for this fanfic)
Ryoko is completely caught off-guard by this one
<damn, now what?  I need to
reassure him that I'm tough and don't need his pity.
Hmmmmmmm, try thanking
him. Okay.>  "Umm, thanks Tenchi." <stupid! stupid!
stupid! stupid!>
"It's all right, just know that I'm here for you.  I
know you're not weak, but
everyone needs someone to talk to."  He reaches over
and puts his arm around
her shoulder.  Just then he realizes that she's STILL
naked
"Uh Ryoko..."  But before he can finish she surprises
him by phasing into some
clothes.  Tenchi smiles and leaves his arm there
<Hey, this is working out better than I thought, he is
doing this out of free
will.  Finally the boy is learning> thought Ryoko.
<This isn't that bad, in fact its nice but I shouldn't
forget about Aeka.  If
she found out about this she'd probably be devastated,
if she gets hurt again
she'll probably go into depression and never come out
again.>  after a few
more seconds Tenchi removes his arm and smiles at
Ryoko saying
"We'd better go down and have some breakfast."
"But Tenchi, we were just beginning to have some fun"
Ryoko says teasingly.
<RUN TENCHI, RUN> screams his brain.  "gotta go."

Tenchi speed-walked to breakfast (the only thing that
kept him from running
was the thought of Aeka starting a fight with Ryoko,
but his efforts were in
vain as Ryoko followed him at a slower, more confident
pace.
"What have you done to him this time you monster?"
Aeka screamed.
"Nothing, Tenchi just proclaimed his undying love for
me" said Ryoko coolly.
"How dare you call Tenchi a liar!" Aeka screamed
summoning her mini-logs
around Ryoko.
Ryoko gritted her teeth as the princess attacked but
she broke free and
fired some energy balls at Aeka.  The princess' shield
absorbed them, but
only with great effort.  Ryoko started to charge up
another one but Azaka
and Kamidake were quickly at Aeka's side.  "Now you
shall pay Ryoko, for
keeping me from Tenchi, the only reason he isn't by my
side now is that
he pities you, pities your weakness and love for him.
Azaka, Kamidake, it's
time we put an end to this game, kill her!!!"
That hurt more than Ryoko showed it, was Aeka right?
HELL NO, but it still
Hurt more than the usual comments.  But Ryoko turned
the pain into anguish,
into an unstoppable fiery rage.
"GIRLS, PLEASE STOP!" cried a desperate but ignored
Tenchi.
While dogging most of the guardians' attacks Ryoko
phased behind them and
kicked them out the window and through the forest.
Aeka gasped, she knew
that she was weak without them.
Ryoko started forming a huge energy ball, one that
Aeka knew she couldn't
deflect.  Ryoko's intention was not to kill Aeka, only
put her in a coma
until she and Tenchi could get together, but
unbeknownst to her the energy
she had gathered was enough to kill.  She flung it
with all her might at
the screaming princess.  Just then, Yosho dashed in
front of his sister
and deflected the ball with much effort out of the
house (or at least what
was left of the house).  He was in his younger form to
maximize energy but
he was still heavily damaged.  Ryoko, drained by the
attack and still hurt
from the attacks of Aeka, Azaka, and Kamidake, fell to
the ground, bleeding
profusely from a wound on her waist, and her shoulder
and ankle hurt like
hell.
"I'm sorry Tenchi." Was all she could utter as she
slipped into unconsciousness.
Aeka had a few bruises and blood trickled out of her
mouth but was otherwise
okay.  "Serves her right," she said staring at the
fainted Ryoko.  She then
rushed to her brother's side and started to tend to
his wounds.
Tenchi looked uneasily at Aeka at Yosho's side and
walked over to Ryoko.
<looks like she's pretty messed up and its like most
of them don't even
care.  Washuu looks worried, and she's preparing
something on her computer
but the rest are by Aeka and my grandfather.  I guess
I should stay here
then.>  Tenchi put his hand on the fallen Ryoko's
head, just before she
was whisked off by a little genius and a few
computers.

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

Washuu worked quickly at her computer to aid in
Ryoko's already sped-up healing
process.  Of coarse this was no problem at all for the
world's greatest genius,
but her maternal instinct was getting the best of her
as she looked over
at her injured daughter.  <with the background she's
got and with the genius
she has working at her side she'll be fine in only a
couple hours.>  Washuu
reassured herself but she still worried, Ryoko was the
only family she had
left even if she didn't want to admit it.
Tenchi sat beside her.  Yosho was back to his usual
self but was told to get
some rest and Aeka was comforting him so they were
taken care of, but Tenchi
wanted to make sure that Ryoko would be okay too.  He
knew that she was in
pain.  Not only physical pain but pain from Aeka's
words as well.  When she
had made that comment on how he only pitied Ryoko.  It
wasn't true, his
feelings for her were pure and Ryoko probably knew
that but deep down the
comment had worried her.  He could see it in her eye
for that split second
and she had shed a single tear that only he seemed to
have seen.  Poor
Ryoko.  The battle played over in his head:
"Azaka, Kamidake, it's time we put an end to this
game, kill her!!!"
Sometimes Aeka and Ryoko didn't understand him, but
that was just wrong.
They couldn't chose for him, he had to do it himself.
<that's right
Tenchi, chose... before it's too late.  Before the
pain they feel becomes
too much.>

Aeka sat by Yosho's bed.  He had a huge bruise across
his chest but she
Had cleaned the blood from his mouth.  <How could
Ryoko have done this
to my brother?  I will get my revenge.  Poor Yosho.
He risked his life
for me.  Could he still have feelings for me?  But I
love Tenchi now right?
Of coarse, but why didn't he come to my aid...  Maybe
he's sick and couldn't
defend me, or maybe he was going to but Yosho got to
me first.  Where is
he now anyway?>
Aeka walked out of her room where Yosho was being
kept, and found Sasami
Cleaning up after the great battle.
"Dear sister, do you know where Lord Tenchi is?"
questioned the princess.
"Yeah, he went to see Ryoko, she's hurt pretty bad you
know."
"WHAT?!  How could he even bring himself to look at
that demon after what
she did to my Yosho?!"
"You know, you hurt HER more than she hurt HIM and its
very impolite to
speak of them that way." Said Sasami in a scolding
tone.
"Well she deserves t... Oh, you're right.  I wouldn't
want Tenchi to see
me like that."  <I guess I should visit Ryoko, if
that's where Tenchi is.
Maybe he'll admit his love to me over her deathbed.>
She chuckles to
herself, <Washuu's not the only genius around here.>

Aeka walked over to old closet Washuu called home and
walked in.  Tenchi
was sitting beside Ryoko with a worried look on his
face.  Washuu was in
her "Quick Rest" chamber that would lessen normal
sleep necessary so that
she only needed half an hour instead of 8.
Aeka walked over to where Tenchi was sitting and
spoke.
"I'm sorry for my earlier behavior lord Tenchi." She
said "Has Miss Ryoko's
condition gotten any better?"
"Why yes it has Miss Aeka, that was very nice of you
to ask." <Wow, Aeka
sure is a nice person.  I mean just a few hours ago
she was trying to kill
Ryoko and now she's completely forgiven her.  Maybe
she's faking it, nah
she wouldn't do that... would she?>
"I didn't mean for Azaka and Kamidake to do this much
damage to her, I just
wanted her to pay for what she'd done.  She was trying
to kill ME though
don't you think?"
<She's faking it> "Umm, I think Ryoko wasn't thinking
at the moment, you
may have hurt her feelings you know."
"Feelings?  What feelings, that monster just sits
around wasting space she
doesn't feel like you and me Tenchi she just wants to
hurt, to hurt innocent
people like us, Tenchi." <Whoa there, I'm supposed to
be compassionate and
kind> "I don't know Tenchi, I think I need time to
think... Won't you come on
a walk with me by the lake?"
"I'm sorry Aeka, but Ryoko does feel, she may only
want to hurt you" <and I'm
beginning to see why> "but she loves others.  And I
cannot go for a walk with
you by the lake because Ryoko is hurt, even if you
can't see it, I do care
for her and I'm going to stay with her... I would do
the same for you Aeka."
Said Tenchi. "You can go on your walk, it would
probably do your some good,
but I don't feel like coming right now."
"Tenchi I...  I'm sorry Tenchi...  Please forgive me,
you're right Ryoko does
feel and you have every right to pity her, just..."
Aeka never got to finish
her sentence as Ryoko's eyes started to open, she had
only heard the last
part of Aeka's speech but before the tears came she
phased away.
"RYOKO!!!"  Tenchi cried as he ran out to look for
her.

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

Aeka was left behind in the lab with her face drenched
in her tears.  She
thought of her stupidity in letting her temper get out
of hand and, and
losing Tenchi.  She knew that it was quite possible
that in those few
minutes she had lost Tenchi, lost him to Ryoko.  She
started to cry again,
her sobs echoing throughout the lab as loneliness sank
in.  What hope did
she have now of ever finding love?  What did that word
mean to her now,
other than arranged marriages with rich nobles looking
for higher positions?
"WHY TENCHI? WHY!!!" she asked the buzzing machines.
"Why do you not seem
to want me?  I love you."

Yosho looked on with pain in his eyes, to see his
sister this way hurt him
so deeply.  It was a pain he hadn't felt since his
wife died.  Every one of
her tears made a stab at his heart, and when she cried
out he could bear it
no longer.
"Aeka."
"Yosho I... I didn't know you were here."
"I'm sorry if I scared you Aeka.  Whatever Tenchi said
I'm sure he didn't
mean it.  Don't worry, I'm sure he will calm down and
apologize for his
behavior, he's just been on edge since that fight you
had."
"Thank you brother.  First you save my life and then
you save my love, how
can I ever repay you?" said Aeka through the remaining
tears, she began to
smile even at the hope her brother had brought.
"Tenchi should take some
lessons from you in the subject of love as well." <Did
I just say that?
Am I flirting?  With Yosho?>
"Why thank you dear sister, but I don't think I can
teach him that... It would
take more time than either of us have for that."
Yosho chuckled quietly to
himself while Aeka fell over with laughter.

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

Tenchi ran out of the house and franticly around, no
sign of her.  <Where
would she go?  I can't believe Aeka would say that!
Well she didn't
mean to hurt Ryoko, she just thought that was true, I
guess.  Now, where's
Ryoko?  The tree, maybe she's in her tree.>  Tenchi
ran through the forest
to the tree that Ryoko could often be found in.  Not
there.
<Where else, damn, the cave> Tenchi scurried over to
his childhood
hideout that he had rescued Ryoko from.  When he
didn't find her outside
he ventured inside.  There was still no sign.  Where
the hell could she
be?  Having searched the usual places he knew that any
further searching
would probably be useless, she could be anywhere.
Something inside of
him screamed.  He could have lost her, and it was
tearing him up inside.
Tenchi decided to go home and ask for Washuu's help,
if anyone could find
her it was Washuu.

Tenchi approached his house with a defeated look on
his face when he heard
crying, faint but present crying.  It came from the
roof.  Ryoko.

Tenchi Climbed up onto the roof where Ryoko was curled
up into a ball
crying as silently as she could.  "It's true, the only
reason he lets me
stay is that he pities me.  I am worthless, I only
cause the one I truly
love pain."  <Footsteps, I hear footsteps.>  Ryoko
whipped around to face
the cause of her pain.  She could see the sorrow in
his eyes.  <He's sad
because of me.  I have to leave before I ruin his life
even more.>
She was about to phase away forever when he grabbed
her arm.
"Please don't go Ryoko." He pleaded "Aeka was wrong.
I want you to stay,
you're one of the best things that has ever happened
to me.  I feel like
you've always been there for me.  I've always loved
you, it's just that
I love Aeka as well." <Wait, do I?  Of coarse, she's
kind (well most of
the time) and sensitive, she's like the big sister I
never had.>
"How could you love me Tenchi?  I'm so weak!  I almost
lost to Aeka, and
just look at me now!"  Although Ryoko had tried to
hold them back tears
fell from her golden eyes and she was shaking
uncontrollably.  "Please
just let me go so you can be happy." She said shakily
"I don't love people based on strength Ryoko.  I love
them based on who
they are, what kind of person.  That's why I love
you."  Said Tenchi,
and he really meant it, "But I still want to know more
about you, half
the time I spend with you you're trying to seduce me,
but I known that
there's more to you that."
"If you don't know me than how do you know that you
love me?"
"I can see it when you don't think I'm looking.
You're a really nice,
funny, sensitive, and determined person, Ryoko.  Not
to mention the fact
that you're beautiful."
Ryoko starts to blush a bit, as a smile threatens her
bad mood.
"Hey I know" shouts Tenchi enthusiastically "do you
want to go out
someplace tomorrow?" <did I just ask her out?  I can't
do that, Aeka
would kill me and Ryoko would...  Oh no, I have to
clear this up a bit.>
"Well not like a date, I just want to get to know you
better, and to do
that you have to promise to not try to seduce me."
"Tenchi..."
"Oh yeah, and don't tell Aeka or anyone else, you know
how they all
gossip, I don't want anyone ruining our day"
"Really Tenchi!  You want to go out with me!" Tenchi
sweat dropped <wait
he's still in denial... oh well> she glomped Tenchi
"Thank you my Tenchi,
wow I never thought that you actually cared about me,
thank you thank
you thank you.  And don't worry about Aeka, I'll make
sure she doesn't
spoil our 'fun' heh heh"  Ryoko now overjoyed and
grinning ear to ear
gives Tenchi a bone crushing hug.
"Ryoko... can't... breath"  Tenchi said as he started
to turn different
shades of purple.
"Oh, sorry Tenchi.  I'm just so happy you like me."
"Yeah sure, but you just have to agree to the no
seducing thing Ryoko, I
don't want you to get the wrong idea about this..."
Tenchi searched
frantically for the right word "outing"
"mmmmmm"
"Ryoko!"
"Okay Tenchi, ya got yourself a deal!" <This is going
to be one tough
day>

Ryoko suddenly felt tired.  The after affects of the
medicine Washuu
had given her were taking affect.
"Tenchi *yawn* I'm gonna take a little nap now, see
you in da morning"
and with that Ryoko fell over onto Tenchi's lap and
fell into a
peaceful sleep... no Kagoto, no Aeka, just Tenchi in
her dreams.

Tenchi sighed as he looked at her peaceful sleeping
face <she's so angelic
when she's sleeping.>  With some difficulty he gently
picked her up and
carried her down from the roof.

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

Back at Washuu's lab:
The little genius stared into her console as Tenchi
picked up her daughter
"Awwwwwwwwwwww, Isn't that cute!  My little Ryoko fell
asleep and he's
carrying her.  Of coarse my medicine wouldn't normally
do that but I
being the greatest scientific genius in the world
predicted this situation
and decided to well... meddle, and of coarse things
worked out perfectly
*sigh*"  Little Washuu dolls appear at shoulders "Yeah
Washuu, everything
is perfect thanx to you!" "Yeah Washuu, you're the
greatest Washuu!"  They
cheer in harmony to the slightly evil sounding
laughter of their creator.
Washuu continued to stare into the screen unaware of
the fact that someone,
something had entered her lab and was now approaching
her.  Until it was
too late.
"You shouldn't be doing that you know, it's very rude
in fact...  HEY WHAT'S
THIS?!"
"Huh?  MIHOSHI NOOOOOOOOOO!!!"  Washuu dived as
Mihoshi's finger descended
towards a big shiny red button labeled DO NOT TOUCH
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD
MIHOSHI DO NOT TOUCH! Too late.
*BANG* "Spy System #1 deleted" informed the computer
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH
MMIIIHHHHHHOOOOOOOSSSSSHHHHIIIIII!!!  OUT!
OUT! OUT!" screamed Washuu on the verge of tears
"Oops, sorry Washuu"
"LITTLE WASHUU!"
"Sorry little Washuu" Mihoshi may not be the brightest
person but she knows
when to run and in .034 seconds was no where to be
found.
"My baby, my masterpiece, my entertainment gone, GONE!
 Maybe there's
something left.  Gotta check!"
Washuu typed a few commands into the keyboard.
"5 angles, emotion readings, and vital signs for
Tenchi, Ryoko, Aeka,
Sasami, Kyoni, Tenchi's grandfather, and Ryo-oh-oki
gone...  remaining
back-up spy systems on Mihoshi, and Tenchi's father."
Read out the computer.
"That's more drool than I can handle, what am I going
to do? The computer
will take a day to fix itself and I need to find out
what happens to
Tenchi and Ryoko.  Get off my butt and go see?  HAH,
luckily I have a
floating cushion."

Washuu emerged from her lab just in time to see Tenchi
come in with a
smile on his face and Ryoko in his arms.
"Hello Tenchi, what do you have there?" questioned
Washuu
"Oh hi Washuu Ryoko fell asleep, I think it was the
medicine you gave her,
so I took her back here."
"Okay, now what are you going to do with her?"
"Put her to bed I guess.  Umm, Washuu, I know I should
probably know this
but Ryoko goes to bed a lot later than me and whenever
I wake up she's
uh there, so I don't know where she sleeps do you?"
Washuu jerked her head upwards.  Tenchi followed her
motion and saw what
he had feared, up on the beams of the house about 15
feet over his head
was a couple blankets and a pillow.  Major sweat drop
and a great effort
not to face vault while still holding Ryoko.
"How am I supposed to get up there?!"  Tenchi started
to panic, the only
other person who could fly was Washuu, but she said
that no one else
could set foot on the cushion without getting
electrocuted (something
about DNA certification).
"You could wake her up or just leave her on the
couch."
"No, that would be mean.  I mean, after the day she's
had."
"Okay suit yourself, but no offence or anything, you
can't get her up
there, I checked." Washuu held up a mini computer with
some random number
and graph on it.
Tenchi looked at the sleeping Ryoko <I can't disturb
her, she looks so
calm and happy.  What am I going to do?  Hey that's
it!>  "Hey, Washuu,
I think I'll let her sleep in my bed tonight."  <That
sounded really
bad!>  "I'll sleep on the floor of coarse because I
would never do, um,
that!  That's not what I said."  Tenchi's face was
turning a deep shade
of red as he ran as fast as possible with the sleeping
Ryoko towards
his room as the little scientist yelled after him,
"Right Tenchi, riiiiiiiight, Snicker snicker."

Tenchi's heart was pounding as he scurried into his
room and closed the
door behind him.  <I hope I didn't wake Ryoko.  If
Washuu tells anyone
they're all going to kill me.>  He set Ryoko down on
his bed and gently
slid the blankets over her.  She looked a lot more
comfortable now as
she settled into the bed.  He knelt over and kissed
her forehead, then
he went down for dinner.
"Mmmmmmm, Tenchi." A smile spread across Ryoko's face.

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

<mmmmmm, right on time> thought Tenchi, a pile of food
awaited him and
he almost couldn't stand the wait for the rest of the
house but they
arrived shortly.  Aeka and Yosho arrived first, she
seemed to have
cheered up since he last saw her, although she still
looked somewhat
hurt <thanks grandpa, he always knows how to cheer
people up, he's
just so calm.>
"I'm sorry Aeka, I shouldn't have yelled at you like
that I was just
scared for Ryoko."
"It's all right Tenchi, I understand, and I apologize
for my actions
as well, they were quite improper especially at the
moment.  Where is
Ryoko anyway?"  Aeka had nothing but true concern for
her rival now,
unlike a couple hours ago.  "Is she okay, did you find
her?"
"Yes, I found her and I think she's okay now, she just
needs some rest
so she won't be joining us for dinner today." Tenchi
answered.
Aeka sat down next to Tenchi and Yosho sat across from
him.
Noboyuki came down with Washuu, having been sent to
fetch her by Sasami.
"Took her to your room huh Tenchi, smooooth.  That's
my boy."  Noboyuki
grinned at Tenchi.
"huh? WASHUU!"
"Hey the man deserves to know what's going on with his
son." Washuu
chuckled.  Aeka was turning a terrifying shade of red
with her arms
straight and fists clenched at her sides.
"YOU DID WHAT?!  HOW COULD YOU?!  I TRUSTED YOU, AND
YOU, YOU..."
"I didn't do anything she's just sleeping there, I'm
going to sleep on
the floor, don't worry I won't do that I care too much
about her... and
you to do... THAT!"  Tenchi tried desperately to
defend himself.
"WELL I..." Aeka caught herself, she had to show
Tenchi she could be
a caring and kind person.
"Ummmmmmmm...  Let's eat." Tried Sasami, desperate to
break the tension.
"Okay Tenchi...  I trust you."  Aeka said
"Thank you Aeka."
Just then Mihoshi and Kiyone entered.
"We ran out of food so we decided to come over here
and eat dinner with
you."  Said Mihoshi cheerfully
"ARGH, MIHOSHI!"  Kiyone pulled out a mallet
conveniently located in her
back pocket and hit Mihoshi on the head with it.
"OUCH!"
A few seconds of silence followed by everyone bursting
out in laughter.
"It's okay, you guys are always welcome." Said Tenchi
once he had stopped
laughing <thank goodness for those guys, I thought I
was going to die.>
"Come sit down and have some food with us."

So they all ate dinner together, a strangely peaceful
dinner since Ryoko
and Aeka were separated. (AN: sorry no details, it's
late and I'm tired)

After dinner Tenchi headed up to his room exhausted
from his tiring day.
He set up a mat and blanket on the floor and when he
was sure Ryoko wasn't
awake he quickly changed into his nightclothes and
crawled onto his mat,
wondering what his day with Ryoko would be like.

        *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *       *
*       *

Saturday 7:00
"Wake up Tenchi!"
"Huh?" his eyes slowly start to focus, it's still
dark, there's a figure,
the figure is a person, the person has caused him to
wake up.  Tenchi
grumbled and rolled over attempted to go back to
sleep.
"Come on Tenchi wake up, remember?  You said you'd
take me out."
"???" He turned over again to look at the person,
<hmmm, spiky hair,
catlike golden eyes glowing a little...  Ryoko>
"What time is it Ryoko?"
"7:02"
"Why are we leaving so early?"
"Everyone's asleep, remember you didn't want them to
know"
"Oh yeah, but aren't they going to figure it out, I
mean if we're both
gone, and they have Washuu you know she'll probably
figure it out."
"Oh I left a note saying I had gone to the mall to do
some shopping.
They'll probably think you followed me to make sure I
didn't buy
A years supply of sake (believe me Tenchi that's a lot
of sake)."
"Uh okay then, lets go!...  Where are we going?"
"I donno Tenchi where do you want to go?"
"You should decide, I mean this trip is for you
Ryoko."
"Really okay, ummm...  you wanna go to the beach?"
"Okay, get your swimsuit and I'll get my trunks (AN:
*sigh* Trunks what
a man ^_~) and some beach stuff.  See you right out
the door in a 15
min okay?"
"Okay."

Ryoko was about to go looking for the perfect bikini
when something
occurred to her <duh, I can just phase into one.>  So
she just found
a towel and sun lotion and phased into some shorts and
a tank-top.

Tenchi put on some swim trunks and a tee-shirk and
found a couple
rackets and a paddle-ball.  He grabbed $30 off his
desk and went to
meet Ryoko.

Outside:
"Ready to go Tenchi?" Ryoko asked excitement almost
conquering her voice.
"Yeah, this is going to be fun I haven't been to the
beach in a while,"
replied the spiky hair boy.
So with that Ryoko picked him up and started flying
over to the beach,
she estimated that the ride would take about 10
minutes.
"Wow, this is a great view, flying must be fun, huh?"
"Yeah, its great sometimes to just fly out over the
world and forget all
your problems."
Tenchi could she what she meant, he had forgotten
about Aeka, his
training, even his dreaded school work while flying
about all with
Ryoko, it was great.
Soon they reached the beach, and since it was so early
they wasn't
anyone else there, it was perfect.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

AN:
Well, what did you think?  I plan on writing another
chapter but if
I don't get enough e-mails... well you know what will
happen.  And
please, no flames, ok I accept constructive criticism
but that's it!
Any ideas for the beach?  Quite frankly I have writers
block, oh well
e-mail me at gumgirlus@yahoo.com and allll your
questions will be
answered, or just go to a psychic hotline (but they
aren't the real
thing I am MWAHAHAHAHAHA)
Well see you later.
Oh yeah and do you want more of a romantic fic or
actions mail me.