	OK, OK, OK. I have a list of crap I need to rattle off before we start, k?
I'm a long winded bastard and everyone loves lists.  1.Tenchi and all his
affiliated characters aren't mine. We all know who I'm talking about and if you
don't, then I recommend u don't read this. They belong to whom ever owns them
(I think it's Pioneer and AIC.) Now go out and buy one of the series on either
DVD or VHS so they wont sue me. Every one else is of my creation. So they're
MINE! MINE! ALL MINE! NOT YOURS `CAUSE THEY'RE MINE!!   2. Yes, I'm a white guy,
so by nature I don't speak more than one language fluently, and that happens to
be English. So I'm not going to add the -sama and -san suffixes...can you deal
with that?   3. This is part one of a whole lot in a series, AND this episode is
a Dark fic. Don't know what they are? Let me explain. Dark fics are fan fics
with dark undertones, meaning, more than likely the innocent die rather
gruesomely. No one is safe from the wrath of the author (namely me). It's a
weird, violent, and very unhealthy power trip and we LOVE it. 4.Feedback is
great, flames are not. (hint, hint). If you have any (good, useful) feedback
then I'd love to hear it. If you wanna flame me and provide no good reasoning
then I'll just have to laugh at your patheticness and trash your evil mail. How
do you feel about THAT?! (Author begins evil laugh) 5. One last thing, in the
future, (not this episode) my fic will have some rather limey undertones. That
means it may contain some adult themes. It also has violence, gore, adult
language, bad acting, a poor scripting, underage nudity, and a `near-beasty'
moment.

	~Enjoy!

				Tragedy of the Dark Phoenix

				By The Dark Phoenix

			Eps.1 & Prologue  - The Onset of Night


	The wicked man is in torment all his days, and limited years are in store
for the tyrant; The sound of terrors is in his ears; when all is prosperous, 
the
spoiler comes upon him. He despairs of escaping the darkness, and looks ever 
for
the sword; a wanderer, food for the vultures, he knows his destruction is
imminent.

			~The Book of Job

	Fool! How can you be in two places at once?!

									~Ghen the Wise
	I dunno, Thas' a good question.
							          ~Lewt the not-so-wise

	A faint howl drifted over the forest and into Sasami's ears. She tripped
and fell face first into the forest loam with a painful cry. Her breath was
shallow and labored and her heart was beating in her ears. Her legs felt 
wobbly
and unsure and her head felt like it was in a clamp. She clawed at the soft 
loam
for a moment before collapsing back down. She felt so sore, so tired. She 
could
feel the damp earth through her layers of clothes. She rolled on to her side 
and
looked down the length of her dress. Her pretty dress was caked in mud and 
dead
leaves. Sasami struggled to her knees and tried to scrape some of the mess 
off
of her but to no avail. A corner of her apron, she was still wearing, looked
like it was semi clean, so she took it and used it to clean off her face. As 
it
came away she saw there wasn't only mud on her face. When she tripped, she 
hit a
jutting root coming out from the ground. She gingerly reached up to her 
forehead
and touched the long cut running across it. She'd cut her head and she 
didn't
even notice it. As her head began to throb she let a fresh bout of tears 
come
forth. She sat back on her legs in a kneeling position and tried to wipe the
oncoming tears with her sleeves, but all that she did was dirty up her face 
even
more. This seemed to bring on even more tears and even more wiping. She 
shook
her throbbing head tried to once again wipe the grime off of her.
	A howl raked across the night sky once again. She shot her head in the
direction of the sound. There was a look of fear etched onto her face. It 
was
those horrible creatures. They were howling for her. She scrambled to her 
feet
and began to run again. She feared the worst for Tenchi and Ryoko. They had
stayed behind to fight, and their sounds of battle were heard rolling across 
the
landscape along with the shrieking of those creatures. Tenchi's and Ryoko's
screams stopped along while back, the creatures hadn't.
	She ran haphazardly through the forest tripping over roots, and hitting
her head on low hanging boughs. Had this forest suddenly become thicker? She
could hear the beasts getting closer. Their cries were getting louder. She
turned her head behind her to the direction of the creatures. Her heart 
skipped
a beat when she saw what was behind her. She could see them. They were 
coming
through the forest. They were thin silhouettes making their way closer to 
her.
Her legs began to pump up and down faster as she tried to gain ground. She
turned back around just in time to see the tree bearing down upon her. She 
was
helpless to stop and collided. She hit with an audible *UMPH* and collapsed 
to
the ground. She lay there stunned for a moment, black flowers blooming 
across
her vision and stars bursting inside her head. She brought her hands to her 
face
and let out a moan as she tried to roll over.  She was dimly aware that the
monsters were to be sure to be upon her in any second. She rubbed her eyes 
and
clawed at the ground trying to climb to her feet.
	All of a sudden an arm came down on her grabbing her shoulder. She let out
a scream and tried to flip her self over, but the arm held her fast. She saw
another one descend out of the corner of her eye and let out another shriek 
and
began to thrash and struggle. She felt her self being lifted up and being
turned. She clamped her eyes shut and began to lash out at her assailant. 
She
didn't hear the voice coming from it until she was slapped across the face. 
Her
shrieks and screams stopped at once and she opened her eyes in shock. There 
was
a young man, of about 17 or 18 holding her up staring intently at her with a
worried look in his eyes.
	"What's wrong? What's going on?!" he asked her. She didn't really answer.
She stared at him a moment, in obvious shock of his sudden appearance, 
before
letting out a strangled sob and grabbing at the young man, holding him 
close.
He held her back and let her cry on his shoulder as he patted her on the 
back
and tried to re-assure her.
	"Shhh, don't worry now, don't worry. I'm back. It'll be ok. Alright? It's
all going to be ok."  She didn't answer. She only cried onto his shoulder 
and
clutched him close. He fell quiet and they stayed like that for only a 
moment. A
monster let out a howl into the night and snapped Sasami out of her reverie. 
She
looked up to her savior.
	"Quick, we need to go! They're coming now!"
	The young man gave her a quizzical look. "Huh? Who's coming?"
	Sasami gave a quick look over her shoulder before answering.
	"It doesn't matter. THEY'RE coming! We need to go now!"
	"B-but why-"
	She cut him off again by jumping to the ground and began to pull and tug
on his hand.
	"NOW! We need to run now! Please!"
	He let her lead him a few feet before he pulled her close and lifted her
up. He held her to him and she clutched him tightly.
	"All right, where to?"
	She pointed in the opposite direction of the Masaki house. "There. HURRY!"
	And with out another word he took off running. Sasami saw the world rush
past as the man, carrying her as if she was no heavier than a small sack of
rice, rushed on. She heard the beasts howl again, only this time they were
further away. What had happened to them? Where had they gone? Was it only a
moment ago that she could see them coming through the forest after her?
	They ran on for what seemed like hours, but it was only about thirty
minutes. She listened to the howls and roars of the beasts fade until they
disappeared. All the while she was sobbing out what had happened. How these
creatures exploded out from Washu's lab. How nothing they did seemed to any
effect on the creatures. How they'd killed her sister and near everyone 
else.
How Ryoko and Tenchi stayed back and gave her time to run off into the 
forest.
How she ran on almost blindly in the forest and how the sounds of Ryoko and
Tenchi came to a stop, and the constant scream of the beasts still 
continued.
	The man slowed when they came to a river. He stopped and put Sasami down.
At first she didn't want to let go. She gripped him tightly shivered as the 
very
real and very painful shock of what happened began to set in. The man sat 
down
on the ground and managed to convince Sasami to let go, that it was safe 
now.
She slowly came off him and collapsed to the ground, still sobbing softly. 
He
walked over to the river and bent down to take a drink. He cupped his hands 
and
splashed water into his face before standing back up. He was wearing a long,
dark, trench coat that made him blend into the dark forest, Sasami had to 
look
hard to see him. He moved like a snake through the darkness. It was like he 
was
gliding from one place to another. She watched as he glided over to her and
leaned back up against a tree.
	"Jake?" she asked.
	"Hmm?"
	She crawled closer and leaned up close to him.
	"What were those...those things, back there?" she asked.
	Jake shook his head. "I don't know, they looked totally new to me."
	"You saw them?" she said looking up into his face.
	He shifted uncomfortably above her. "D'ummmm, uhh, yeah. They were hard to
miss once we got going..."
	"Oh." She said shuddering again. She snuggled up closer to him, looking
for his warmth and his safety. Despite what had happened, she realized she 
was
getting tired. It was becoming harder and harder to keep her eyes open. Had 
her
run really drained her THAT bad? She shook her head and looked up to Jake.
	"What will happen now? What'll happen if they find us?"
	He smiled and sat down. He lifted her up onto his lap and she lay back
against his chest, hearing his soft heartbeat through his clothes.
	"Don't worry about those monsters. If they come back, I'll take care of
them."
	Sasami couldn't help her eyes now. They felt like lead weights. She
snuggled closer against him and let her eyes droop. For the first time that
night, she began to feel totally safe, totally at ease. She didn't realize 
she'd
begun to forget about her sister, and about Tenchi, or about Ryoko and 
everyone
else. All the events of the night seemed to slip away as she lay against 
Jake's
warm broad chest, feeling his heart beat underneath her, feeling the world 
slip
into the dreamy like state of half-sleep. Jake put his arm up and held her 
close
to him, wrapping his arm around her small waist, and brining a hand up, 
stroking
her hair, which had finally fallen free of their ties and now hung loosely 
down
her back. Sasami lie there and let her eyes open a crack. She could see the
stars through the branches of the tree they were sitting under. She smiled 
as
she let her gaze shift from between the branchy boughs of the tree and the 
soft
shine of the stars.
	"...Yes that's right. I'll take care of those monsters. They won't hurt
you any more. No one will hurt you any more." Jake cooed softly into her 
ear.
Sasami let her eyes slip to a close once again. This time, just as her eyes
closed, they came upon the tree trunk itself. Her eyes snapped back open and 
she
focused on the trunk...
	"...No one will hurt you, not anymore."
What the...Her eyes sharpened as her vision cleared. There was a mark on the
trunk.
	"...no, the world will leave you alone." Jake's voice began to change. It
became less comforting to Sasami. She lay there against him staring at that
mark. It was a T, and an A cut underneath it. The realization of what she 
was
staring at hit her like a thunderbolt. It was the same tree Tenchi carved 
almost
three years ago. It was only a few dozen feet into the forest. She turned 
her
head to the river and immediately recognized it. It was the one that ran 
close
to the house. It was the same one that they, not two days ago, had a picnic 
by.
It was the exact same river that-
	"No. You won't hurt any more, never again." Jake's voice came out in a low
tone, more deep, more menacing. Sasami turned to behind Jake and the tree as 
saw
the house. It was peeking over the treetops. The windows were still 
illuminated.
She could see them shining just through the tops of the trees. What were 
they
doing back here? What's going on? Sasami felt Jake's grip on her begin to
tighten.
	"Jake, what's going on?" She began to feel that old fear bubble up from
where it had lain before, just a terrible and malevolent as ever.
	"Jake?"
	His voice had changed. It was no longer warm and reassuring. It was cold
now and it scared her. What was happening?! Jake's grip was getting tight 
around
her.
	"Jake?! What are you doing?"
	Instead of answering, he only let out a small chuckle.
	"Hee, hee. Stupid girl. Stupid, stupid girl."
	Sasami began to struggle.
	"Jake! Jake, what are you doing? Jake, stop it. You're hurting me! Please!
Stop it!"
	But he didn't stop. He held her to him fast and she began to kick and
scream.
	"JAKE! Stop it! Please! Stop! HELP! Some body Help me!"
This prompted Jake to chuckle some more. He talked to her in a sing-song 
voice.
	"Who's going to answer you? Hee, hee, hee!"
	Sasami began to cry again as she struggled violently. She began to scream
again. She felt Jake move under her. He pulled a cord around her mouth and 
tied
it tightly using one hand, muffling her screams.
	"There we go now, isn't silence beautiful? I think it is, how about you?"
He cooed into her ear. She could only moan back.
	"That's good. Now what do you think little girl? Do you want to die
tonight?"
	Sasami's eyes were full of tears as she shook her head.
	"No? And why not? What are you afraid of? Are you afraid of blades?" he
asked pulling a long sharp knife out from underneath him. He brought it 
close to
her and her eyes widened as she began to thrash again. Jake only smiled and
stuck the knife into the ground. He reached behind himself with his free 
hand
and pulled out a long glass tube filled with a liquid of some sorts. Sasami
whined through her gag. It was a very large syringe. Jake played with the
syringe in front of her face.
	"Heh, you like this? I like this. This is one of my favorite parts. Do you
know what this does? It makes the world seem a lot more real. It makes YOU 
more
complacent. Heh heh, it also hurts like hell! Hee, Hee!" He chuckled before
placing the tip right on her chest, above her sternum.
	Sasami began to let out a muffled series of no's, but Jake paid her no
heed. With a joyful cackle he brought the syringe up into the air and thrust 
it
downwards, right into her chest, piercing right into her heart. She let out 
a
scream from around her gag as she felt her own heart seize up. It felt like 
he'd
thrust a red-hot lance into her body. She cried out as Jake squeezed the tip 
and
squirted the liquid into her body. Immediately the chemical shocked her 
heart
back into its usual rhythm. She began to convulse as the liquid began to 
spread
through her system. Her eyes widened and seemed to bulge as her body began 
to
rock and shake. Jake loosened his grip a little and let her body react to 
the
chemical. He let go of her gag and it came loose and fell to the ground.
	Sasami began to cry out. She could feel every muscle in her body begin to
spasm and ache. Her back bowed and arched as she convulsed. She tried to 
scream,
but found she had no control over any part of her  body. Her back began to
snapand writhe back and forth, the shocks getting stronger and stronger. Her
entire body shuddered and shook like if she was in an epileptic seizure.
	Suddenly she felt a snap in her back and a mind numbing pain shot up her
body.
She could hear her self crying out in short breathless little bursts. Tears
flowed openly down her face. Jake had let go completely now and pulled the
syringe savagely from her body. It took her a full two minutes for the 
seizures
and the shock to go away. When she finally began calm she realized two 
things.
Every one of her movements was sluggish and heavy. It was like someone had
strapped lead rings around all of her limbs and muscles. The second thing 
she
noticed was that she couldn't feel any thing below her belly. It was totally
numb, like all that flesh below it was simply deadweight pulling her body 
down.
She'd snapped her spine clear in two during the convulsions. She moaned
painfully and tried to pull her body away. Her tears had dried up. She found 
she
had simply run out. There were no more tears to cry. The terror had dried 
them
out.
	Jake watched her as she crawled about helplessly, much like a fly would
crawl if all but two of its legs and its wings were plucked off and 
discarded.
He grinned. This was just how he wanted it. She rolled over and saw him 
walking
toward her. Raw panic began to set in. She realized how utterly helpless she
was. Her legs were gone. Her back was broken, her limbs were heavy and numb, 
and
every part of her body (that she could feel) was sore and aching. She let 
out a
small cry and began to try and crawl away. Jake watched her for a moment 
before
taking two big strides and stomping down on her back, pinning her to the 
ground.
She let out a small cry and lay still. The exertion was becoming too much 
for
her, she simply lay there, breathing hard, totally at the mercy of her 
captor.
Jake bent over and grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back. 
He
knelt down and flipped her onto her back, and dragged her over to the tree.
Sasami tried to cry out to him, but it was no use. Her tongue was numb. She
couldn't formulate words. All she could barely do was cry out helplessly. 
Jake
laughed at her attempts.
	"What was that? I couldn't quite understand you there."
He sat down at the foot of the tree and pulled her numb body on top of his 
so
that she was facing up. He could feel Sasami trying to move on top of him. 
He
heard her whimpers and her cries and he smiled. He was going to do his most
favorite thing in the whole world. He snuggled back up against the tree and 
held
Sasami's body close.
	"Now, now little girl," he said in a soft voice, "Are you ready for the
next step?"
	Sasami moaned piteously and tried to struggle, but her limbs felt way too
heavy.
	"Heh heh, I'm glad." Jake reached behind himself and pulled out something
wrapped in a brown dirty looking cloth. "Do you have any idea what I've 
injected
into your body?"
	He didn't wait for her to answer. "It was a stimulant. It'll keep you from
going into shock so you'll see every last thing I do to your fragile little
body." He pulled the cloth away and revealed a wickedly curved blade. It was
dull looking, but had ridges and the tip seemed to be very sharp.
	"Isn't this a pretty little thing." He said after hearing Sasami whimper.
"It's used to separate the head from the body. Isn't it nice." He held it 
close
to Sasami's face and let the tip trace a trail down her forehead to her 
neck. As
he did so, he continued to talk. "I've been told that in your culture, 
having
one's head removed is very, very bad. You loose all your honor and pride 
being
decapitated." The blade never pierced the skin once. He pulled it away and 
stuck
it point first into the ground. He felt Sasami let out a strangled sigh of
relief above him.
	"So I think that that'll be the best way to deal with you." She stiffened
again. "You see, that blade isn't very sharp. I'm afraid that it has trouble
piercing the skin, so that's why I brought this." He pulled the knife he had
stuck into the ground out. He brought it up to Sasami's neck. He could feel 
her
heart beat increase. She began to whimper and moan and the tears began to 
fall
again. Some how she'd found a reserve of some sort and the fresh sorrow 
poured
forth. Jake chuckled and began to cut.
	Sasami let out a cry as she felt the blade slice along her throat. Fresh
warm blood began to leak out as he dragged his knife along from one ear to 
the
other. The wound wasn't very deep. Not deep enough to do any damage. It was 
only
superficial. He pulled his knife away and looked at Sasami's face. Her eyes 
were
half closed in a wince as tears fell from them. Her mouth was hanging half 
open
as she tried to call out and a drop of spittle was rolling down her cheek. 
The
blood from her neck wound was dribbling down onto her dress, staining the 
fabric
a deep crimson red. In Sasami's mind some perverse voice called out to her-
"Great, the stain is going to be nearly impossible to get out!" Despite what 
was
happening to her, she began to wonder what was wrong with her. Was she 
really
loosing her mind? Was this all some weird sick dream? When was she going to 
wake
up?
	Jake saw her expression change a bit. What was she thinking? He ran his
finger along her cheek and saw her expression stay the same. Was he loosing 
her?
	He decided to hurry up and get to the grand finale. He picked up the
curved
blade and brought it up to her neck. He let it sit in the shallow grove the
other knife had created and pressed down a bit. Her eyes widened with sock 
and
she began to gurgle and cry out helplessly. She began to pull away at his 
arm
with her hands, but only very weakly. Jake was surprised. The liquid fire 
he'd
injected didn't seem to be doing a very good job of numbing her body.
	"Well now, let's start the show." She whined one last time on top of him.
She began to tug on his arm again but this time he didn't even feel it. He
paused and let the moment drag itself out. After a second he began to saw 
away,
a huge grin splayed across his face. Sasami let out a shrill scream as the
dulled blade began to bite and chew into the tender flesh of her neck. Blood
began to dribble at first when he sliced, but then it really began to flow. 
Her
scream wavered and then cut as he sliced through her esophagus and then 
through
her voice box, severing her wind tunnel. Her hands were brought up trying to
hold the blade back, but to no avail. Her head began to roll free as the 
dull
cutting edge sliced her neck like a man would a tough piece of meat. Blood 
was
spraying everywhere painting the forest crimson.
	Jake finally reached her spinal cord and began to meet some real
resistance. He
held his breath as he put more muscle into his thrusts and began to slice 
away
at the bone and the precious nerve tissue. He grabbed a handful of hair near 
the
roots and began to pull and tug as he cut. When he finally detached her head
from her body, he did so with a sigh of mixed elation and pleasure. He 
smiled as
he brought her face, now frozen in a look of mixed pain and horror, close to
his.
	"I know you can still hear me." He chimed. "It takes almost three minutes
before
your brain cells die. Did you know that? Your mind can't go into shock.
You're going to watch every thing until the moment you fade away."
	He set the head a few feet away facing him and the body and set about to
his
work. Unknown to him, what was left going on in Sasami's head couldn't care 
less
about the outside world. The chemical injected into her body held true and
prevented her mind from going into shock and if she was hooked up to a 
meter, it
would show that yes, there was still active thinking going on and that she 
was
still conscious. But right now, her mind was somewhere else. The pain and 
shock
of having her own head removed changed her dying mind. Any traces of sanity 
she
had was now gone. Her mind isolated itself away from nearly all stimuli. Her
brain had been over stimulated and now it was trying to compensate. Pain and 
all
feeling had been blocked out. Sight was fading, but not all the way gone. 
Smell
lost all significance. Taste was the only feeling really left. The coppery 
taste
of her own blood and fear were all that was left. Sasami lost her identity. 
She
was simply `there'. Her mind simplified in order to try and repair the 
stimuli
damage that had been done. She only knew a few things now. Black flowers 
bloomed
once again across her vision and she felt she needed to take a deep breath, 
but
the pain and pressure that was supposed to come from her lungs was not 
there. In
stead there was a felling of pressure welling up and it began to scare her.
Memories she could not identify began to surface. Her brain, now starved of
oxygen, was reacting by itself. She could see faces and places that seemed
familiar to her, but she couldn't seem to grasp them. She was slipping. 
Pictures
and places swam around in the drying lake of her mind. She began to feel 
happy
now. If she could smile she would've. She could tell these people should 
make
her happy. Conscious thought had left her, but she still saw the images 
playing,
as clear and as crisp as if it was in real life. A picture of a woman had
surfaced and her emotions changed a bit. She was rather tall compared to her 
and
had long flowing blue hair. She smiled and Sasami felt a feeling of longing 
come
over her. She wanted to hold and be held by this person, she didn't know or 
care
why, it was just a feeling.  She tried to attach a name to this person but
couldn't. Her mind had simplified now to the point where names had escaped 
her
and held very little significance. In her mind she saw her self running to 
that
person and embracing her. Feelings and emotions she couldn't identify came 
to
her in a rush. She like these feelings. Everything began to get simpler and
simpler as her mind died. All other feelings began to fade and go numb as 
she
held this woman. She began to feel a warmth flow over her and the sensation 
that
she liked came back stronger than ever. Her simplified mind was still trying 
to
associate a name, an identity to this woman, but she was still coming up 
blank.
The black flowers that bloomed across her vision faded and then was gone.
	All of her sensations had left her. The world as she perceived it in her
mind
became simpler, and simpler, until there were only three things left in her
mind. Sasami embracing that woman, the feeling of happiness she had for her, 
and
a name she had finally come to realize,

	Mother...

	Jake would've had a fit. If he had not injected that chemical into her
body, Sasami would've gone into shock a scared and terrified little girl,
knowing only pain and hatred and died that way. But because he had let the 
mind
survive and still act itself out, Sasami he had defeated his whole purpose. 
When
the mind Sasami Masaki Jurai finally died, she died warm, loving, and happy.

	Jake stood up and let the kinks out of his back. He'd been resting on a
root that had been jutting out from the ground and it had put a knot in his
back. He twisted himself around once or twice and heard his back crack and 
snap
in response. He wiped some dried blood off his arm and it came off in 
flakes,
leaving behind no stain. He rubbed his eye and watched as the fresh morning
sunlight streamed down on the gruesome scene of death. There were body 
organs
and blood everywhere. He'd cut Sasami open and gutted her clean out like he
would a fish, and arranged them around the clearing. Her empty corpse hung 
from
a tree by one leg and was already swarming with flies and insects. He held a
small band in his hand. Sasami had been wearing this on her arm when he 
killed
her. It was an ornate tracking device. This would help later on after he 
left.
He let it fall to the ground.
	A small creature descended from the sky. It looked like a little squid
with wings. It was gray and about the size of a small dog. Jake watched it
descend and level it self with his head. It spoke to him in a series of 
small
squawks and jitters, and vibrated when it did so. It was a messenger demon.
	"Gi gattak jouruai, hacta shisi norbrrouanai. Gat gate nah?"
	Jake seemed to understand and nodded. "Yeah this is her, a sweet little
thing. It was almost a shame when I cut her head from her body. She writhed 
and
struggled do innocently."
	The creature seemed to blink its large, dark eyes. "Ganna ne Je Uria.
Kastk ga ne?"
	"Heh, yes. How do you like it? It IS rather uncanny. This what the real
Jake looks like."
	"Hanada, usaguya gorom chit nesagante?"
	"It's a simple spell, that's all."
	The "fake" Jake turned and watched the sky. The sun had risen, and there
were clouds were scuttling across the horizon and beginning to turn color as 
the
sun rose higher into the sky.
	"Tell Legion I have a few more things to take care of over on this end.
I'll head back after I've set up a few more surprises for Jake to return to. 
Is
Spectre in place?"
	The flying squid flashed some colors across its skin before giving a low
squawk.
	Jake nodded once. "Good. Then every thing is ready. I'll see you in a few
days."
	The squid flashed a few more colors before taking off back into the sky.
Jake watched it go before turning back to the carnage. The smell, the fresh
stink, of human flesh out and open to the elements was thick in the air. He 
took
a deep breath and turned to leave. He'd done his job. When the real one 
arrives
back, this would be a lovely surprise for him. He felt pretty good. He 
picked up
his blades from the ground and wiped them clean on a patch of grass. Walking
over to the tree he carved a cross over the T&A that had been there before 
and
put a slash through the entire thing. When the real one came back, he wanted 
to
leave no doubt in his mind who had done this.
	He tucked them away and started to head back into the forest. A sniffling
and a snort caught his attention as he was leaving. He turned and saw one of 
the
beasts he had deployed last night trotting boldly into the clearing. It 
stopped
when it saw the mess and the hanging body. It could tell this was the same
person it'd been hunting all last night. He'd nearly caught her too, but at 
the
last moment she'd disappeared and, to his surprise, he'd collided with a 
tree.
	He looked over and saw Jake standing on the other side of the clearing. He
let out a howl. He could smell the girl all over him. He'd been the one 
who'd
cheated him of his kill. With a roar of rage the beast charged right at 
Jake. He
didn't move until the last moment, and with a sweep of his hand cleaved the
beast in two. It let out a dismayed cry as it barreled past in two pieces 
and
collapsed, twitching. Jake let out a small smirk holding a large sword in 
his
hand. It was a brilliant white color and seemed to glow under the sun light.
	"I gave you life and I just as easily gave you death."
	He looked up and saw a small red star in the morning sky that wasn't there
before. Must be the Yagami.
	"I'm going to have to take care of those two as well."
	He turned to walk away and stopped in half step.
	"Almost forgot." he mumbled stepping over to Sasami's fallen head. He
tapped it lightly with his foot and let it roll a bit. Kneeling down he 
turned
the head to his direction and spoke to the dead skull.
	"Life's a bitch, eh? I kill you and I'll get to go on and live to see
another 'exciting' day. What do you think about that?" he looked as if he 
was
really expecting an answer for a moment. He placed the head down and put his
boot on top of it.
	"Adieu."
	He smashed the skull as if it were nothing more than a ripe cantaloupe,
and bone and brain fragments flew everywhere. He kicked the pile of useless
tissue once and turned to go away whistling to himself. This had turned out 
to
be a very good day.


	The It-128 Khalis was the pride and joy of Intra-Tech War Industries. It
was designed to cross the boundaries between the dimensions to cross from 
one
set of universes to another, and provide transport, fire, or bomber support. 
At
30 ft. long, the fighter/bomber was the technological peak of the Intra-Tech 
war
fighter series. The chiseled shape of cockpit allowed it to cut through 
space
and with ease and the body was a rectangular shape, more flat than thick. 
She
had two wings that shot downwards and away from the main body at a 45-degree
angle. They abruptly ended and shot forward coming just out in front of the 
tip
of the nose. Under them was an array of various bomb and missile payloads. 
Heavy
laser cannon emplacements were placed on the main body and were 
independently
run by the onboard computer. One IG-338 single plasma fusion reactor powered
her. The power output could power the entire city of Los Angeles with ease. 
She
needed that type of power to fuel her dual thrusters, her shields, her 
extensive
weapon system, and I.D. cells. These cells gave all fighters, cruisers, 
carriers
and other sorts of starcraft their ability to jump not only from point A to
point B instantaneously, but to even leap across the void in-between the
dimensions themselves. A given carrier equipped with I.D. cells could leap 
in-
between dimensions with relative ease to calm uprisings or give fighter 
support
where needed. The Khalis itself was equipped with multi-layered shields for
added protection and maneuverability. The Khalis could maneuver its shields 
to
act as a wing or even to cut a shape into space that would be more 
advantageous
to the pilots maneuvering.
	That was why Jacob Matthias Duplex always felt a certain rush every time
he entered her and started up her main reactor. It was like a natural high 
for
him. Like a feeling of power that only he could harness was waiting only a 
few
steps away begging to be tamed, to be controlled. It always gave him 
goosebumps.
He was the high commander, a commander in chief on sorts, of the Intra-Tech
armada and peace organization. He gave the orders and the others complied. 
He
took orders from only the high counsel; they controlled ALL aspects of 
Intra-
Tech.
	The organization was a mediator between the dimensions, and a bodyguard to
service their inhabitants. If a dangerous variation in a prime chain of
dimensions were ever detected by Geneva, the central intelligence system and 
the
name of the main H.Q., a scout was sent out to investigate and if need be,
protect the prime element of that dimension. In English that means if a
dimension, a parallel world, were to ever pose a threat to other parallel
worlds, a mediator would go into the `bad' world and try to correct what 
ever
went wrong. They were an inter-dimensional policing organization dedicated 
to
protecting the primary element of the dimensions.
	The primary element was the Keystone of that dimension. If the primary
element were ever destroyed before its time, the entire dimension would 
collapse
in apocalypse. Every thing described in Armageddon would come to pass, and 
the
entire universe would cease to exist. The more beings there are, the greater
chance the primary element could be destroyed. Any one could be a primary
element, a dog, cat, bird, Dinosaur, human. When the element dies at it's 
time,
a new one is conceived RIGHT at that moment. A dimension, for any given 
period
of time, without its primary element was like a doorway with out a keystone, 
and
will collapse.
	Jake was assigned to a particular dimension, and had been for a long
while. He had grown to love that place and hoped to maybe spend some leave
there. He was long over due for some company leave. He'd been on duty now 
for
almost forty years. He was WAY overdue.
	He couldn't help but to chuckle as he landed his personal Khalis on the
Masaki lawn, next to the lake.  He opened the hatch and jumped down with an 
easy
grace. He looked like an American who'd let his hair grow wild. It came all 
the
way down to the ground right around his ankles. He tied it back near the 
base of
his neck with a piece cloth much like a white ribbon, but instead of being 
tied
to a bow, it was tied in a knot. He had long black streaks running through 
his
auburn hair down to the ground. His eyes were blue and clear and his body 
was
well built. He looked to be only 17 or 18 years of age, but in reality he 
was
much, much older. He was closer to 17 or 18 thousand years of age.
	On an expedition in his younger days him and one other had been the only
human to ever see a "Dark Star"; A star so collapsed it burned a new 
chemical in
it's core and actually removed light waves from space and cast a dark 
'nether
glow'. The trip had been before the advent of decent jump drive systems so 
he
spent years in cryogenic sleep, basked in the radiation of the sun before he
awoke. When he did, he found another young girl of the some age onboard his 
ship
with him. She was the survivor of a planet that had been torn by war and 
terror
because of the star and had boarded the ship out of pure desperation. When 
he
ended up taking her back with him, she too had been exposed to a great deal 
of
the radiation. Its affects weren't obvious at first. Only when Jake was 
smashed
by a loose container in the cargo hold of a transport were the effects made
obvious. The radiation had extended their longevity exponentially and caused
their cells to do a curious thing. They reconstructed themselves exactly as
before when cut, sliced, burned, crushed, etc. They were impervious to 
viruses,
other radiation spells, magic spells... the list goes on. Him and the girl 
had
become `gods'. No one could harm them. They were invincible. He used his
abilities to train himself and move up the ranks of Intra-Tech. It was kind 
of
like cheating, `but hey', he would say with a smile, `The strongest 
survive'.
	He wore a dark blue uniform with black trimming and a long black trench
coat. This, along with the very long hair, had always turned a few heads in 
the
streets, but he loved the attention. He knew he was vain and full of 
himself,
but he didn't care. He prided himself in being somewhat of an ass. He loved 
life
and, it seemed, life had begun to love him again.
	"Computer?" he said, seemingly talking to no one in particular.
	[Yeah?] She responded inside his head. His computer was a super small
microprocessor in the depths of his brain, spreading a network of 
microcables
through out his body used to monitor and control different aspects of his 
body.
She had a very feminine voice and a personality to boot. All Intra-Tech 
soldiers
had one. They were the personal organizers of the entire organization. 
Shrinking
technology had come far. Only the users could hear them buried deep within 
their
heads.
	"Is it just me, or is it really funny that I think forty years of working
on duty isn't anything big?"
	[What're you talking about?]
	He smiled.
	"Any normal person would think working a year straight with no vacations
is a big, tiring, deal. I, on the other hand, find that working forty years 
non-
stop is no problem. Don't you find that a little weird? I know I do. I've 
become
a monster, some sort've freak-of-nature!!" he said with a laugh.
	[I think you're just happy to be home.] His computer said chuckling to her
self.
	Jake stopped for a moment. `Home'? All this time he'd never thought of it
as his `home' before. He let loose a smile again. Yeah, she was right. I 
guess
this place has become my home.
	[You've been working here so long,] she continued, [that it's become more
like everyday life rather than work.]
	Jake let a broad smile loose.
	"Yeahh!! I know. Only I can take work and turn it into a pleasure cruise.
AHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!! I'm SUCH an avatar!"
	He continued to walk along towards the Masaki house with a huge foolish
grin on his face.
	[I wouldn't say you are an AVATAR.] She said.
	Jake stopped. "Huh? What do you mean? I am too an avatar!"
	[No you aren't.]
	Jake became indignant. "Oh, and why not?"
	[Well for starters, an Avatar always wins, always has something witty to
say, gets along with everyone else ALL the time except in situations where 
it
would be humorous, they always have a plan B or they think quick and they 
never,
NEVER have any faults] and then she added, [they're also ALWAYS handsome!]
	"WHAT?! I am too handsome!!"
	[Hah, don't make me laugh. You look like you're the very being that
spawned the ugly tree that's used in all those jokes.]
	Jake began to turn a shade of red. "Oh Yeah?!"
	[Yeah!]
	His computer could be so cold, so heartless some times.
	"Well, I'll just ask someone who knows!"
	[Oh, like who?]
	Jake turned and faced towards the reader.
	"HEY AUTHOR!!"
	(Author's notes: Baka! You're not supposed to acknowledge me! I'm
omnipotent!! What'd you want?!")
	"I'm an avatar Huh?"
	(Author's notes: Yeah, right now you are.)
	Jake's face lit up. "HA! See computer, I told you!!"
	[...]
	Jake let loose a cackle and began to walk towards the house again. He took
two steps and stopped and turned back towards the reader.
	"Hey Author!"
	(Author's notes: WHAT!!??)
	"If I'm an avatar, where's the women?"
	(Author's notes: What?)
	"The women? Where are the women? If I'm an avatar, shouldn't I be swimming
in women?"
	(Author's notes: ...)
	"Well?"
	(Author's notes: .If you don't stop bothering me and cutting into the
story, I'm gonna give you 'women'.)
	"What?!" Jake's face lit up. "A Lemon?? This'll become a lemon??!!"
	(Author tries to respond but Jake bursts into a rapturous laugh)
	"YEAAHHHH!! All right!! I'm gonna finally get some!!"
	(Author's notes: ...)
	Jake's eyes go up into the traditional pervert look and he clasps his
hands together.
	"AHAALL RIGHT!! Where are they??!! I can just imagine them now!!"
	The screen wavers and goes into a dream sequence. Jake is standing outside
of the house and sees a door opening slowly. He walks over and finds Ryoko 
and
Ayeka seductively smiling at him, wearing little and leaving even less to 
the
imagination.
	"Hey there Jake." Ryoko coo'ed seductively at him.  He walked over the
traced her hand along his body. "How'd you like you and I going off for a 
little
together time?"
	Ayeka walked over and tried to push Ryoko out of the way.
	"Nuh uh. He promised to take me on a pleasure cruise today!"
	"No. He's coming with me!"
	Jake, being the avatar her was, saw a fight brewing and put his hands on
both of their shoulders.
	"Now, now ladies, there's plenty of me to go around. You both can share,
right?"
	Ryoko and Ayeka smile at each other and each took one of his arms.
	"Alright." They chimed.
	And with that they all walked back into the house.
	The dream wavers and cuts back to the real world.
	(Author's notes:  . . .You're sick.)
	Jake sniffed a nose that was beginning to bleed and came back into the
real world himself.
	"Well huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? What do you say??" He was really excited now.
	(Author's notes: Well-)
	"YAAYYY!!! LEMON TIME!!!" and with that he rushed towards the house. He
came around back and saw a door opening slowly. He paused with anticipation 
and
waited for his dream to come true. It really was! It really wa-
	As the door came open, out stepped Washu and Sasami, both wearing little
and leaving even less to the imagination. Jakes jaw dropped to the ground 
and a
shocked expression crossed his face.
	(Author's notes: AAHAHAHAAAAA!!! Here's your lemon!!)
	Jake looked shocked for a moment longer but then quickly regained his
composure and shrugged.
	"Oh, well," he said putting an arm around each girl. "Beggars can't be
choosers."
	(Author's notes: !!!! )
	Jake turned and began to walk inside.
	(Author's notes: No wait!!)
	The girl's disappeared and the door burst open again.
	"What..." Jake said.
	Out came Tenchi and his grand father Yosho dressed in G-Strings running
joyfully towards him.
	Jake leaped back with a surprised yelp.
	"Are you crazy!?? A three way yaoi??!!"
	(Author's notes: Hmm, you're right.)
	The men disappear. The door opens again and Cabbit-form Ryo-Ohki steps
lightly out wearing a two piece bikini that was slightly too large for her. 
Her
shoulder strap was falling seductively off her shoulder. She smiled and gave
Jake a slow, sensual meow.
	"AHHHHHGGGGGGGGGG!!!!! NOOOOOO!!! God almighty no!! Please!! Anything but
THAT!! Anything!!"
	Jake collapsed to his knees and began sobbing uncontrollably.
	(Author's notes: You gonna behave now?")
	"*sob* ! *sob*!! O-okay, I'll be good. Please, j-just please don't."
	(Author's notes: ok then, be good.)
	The cabbit disappeared and the scene reverts back to Jake standing out
side his ship once again. He looks around with a sigh of relief and 
collapses on
to the ground shivering. Thank god.
	(Author's notes: Ok. Let's try that again. ACTION!!)
	Jake stepped away from his starcraft and began to head in the direction of
the house letting out a small shudder from his near `beastie' moment. He
couldn't help but fell a little sour. His glorious moment under the hentai 
sun
had been cut short by a little brown animal. He was about to start grumbling
when he heard a noise behind him. He turned to find Cabbit-form Ryo-Ohki 
looking
seductively up at him from the grass. Jake's eyes bulged for a moment and he
clamped his mouth shut. Turning he moved swiftly away from the spacecraft.
	(Authors Notes: <grinning widely> Good boy...)
	The grass was tall and was difficult to walk through this time of year. He
had to make a conscious effort to push himself through the ankle high ground
cover. He looked around and felt a small feeling of nostalgia. This place 
had
become so much to him. After nearly one hundred years of death and failure 
he'd
finally found a place where he could sit back and enjoy life with good 
friends.
He reached into a pouch on his waistband and pulled out a small object 
wrapped
in cloth.
	He opened the cloth and revealed a small glass Pegasus. He examined it,
searching for any flaws or cracks, letting the light it reflected play 
across
his body; little rainbows and shards of pure white light colored his coat 
and
reflected off his buttons. He smiled thinking of the look on Sasami's face 
when
he'd give it to her. During the past few years, she'd come to love crystal
animals, especially mythical beasts and characters out of legend. She had 
nearly
twenty different objects, all crystal, she had collected and placed on 
display
in the main room and this Pegasus was the one of the last pieces she was 
looking
for. It was a piece of the Ambrose collection she had come to enjoy. This 
one
had been particularly hard to find, there were only two hundred any where, 
and
it was pure luck Jake had managed to stumble across it on the outer rim.  He
wrapped it back up in the soft cloth, satisfied it was fine, and placed it 
back
into his belt. Maybe later...
	He was only about thirty feet from the house now. It seemed so quiet. He
looked over to the garden Tenchi had out in the field and saw that it was 
empty.
"Must've gone out." Jake mumbled. The winds began to shift the light breeze 
into
his direction. It suddenly hit Jake HOW quiet it was. It was eerily silent.
There were no birds, no crickets, no animals fighting, nothing. All the 
sounds
of life had seemed to disappear. There were no sounds coming from the 
forest.
There were no sounds coming from the field. It was as if life had been 
sucked
out of the world and all that remained was Jake, standing alone in a field, 
his
heart beating in his ears. He turned and looked around. Something was up. 
The
previous avatar feeling faded. A sixth sense told him to run. This was 
wrong,
all wrong, and he needed to get out of here now. He needed to escape this
lifeless expanse. It was a little voice in his head, yelling and pleading 
for
him escape. Leave all this behind and run. Run...
	The wind wasn't blowing in his direction at first. It played with his long
hair, tossing it and twisting it, like a pair of ghostly hands. It turned 
and
blew into his face. With the wind came a message. Jake's breath froze in his
chest for a moment. He could smell blood in the air. It wasn't a small faint
smell, a smell he would usually associate with small animals hunting in the
woods. This smell wasn't animal. It was human. And it wasn't faint. He 
didn't
need his heightened senses to tell him it was in the air. The very smell
saturated the wind as it blew to him. It seemed to soak into his very pores,
permeating his clothes.
	He broke into a sprint and bolted for the house.
	"No, No, No, No." he kept repeating under his breath. This was not
happening again. It's not happening again.  Not again, not again. This was 
not
going to happen, it's going to be ok. `Just going to open the door and see
Sasami, standing there in the kitchen cooking. It's just some bloody meat. 
It's
just meat. That's all. Nothing else. Nothing else at all.

	Then why am I running?

	He came to the doorway. The smell was overpowering here. He stopped and
paused as he put his hand on the handle of the door. Did he want to do this?
There was still time, he could still turn back. He could still head back to 
his
ship. He could leave. He could leave and go back to base. He could go back 
to
his little bunk in side of his little quarters and he could sleep. He could
still dream. Dream maybe of better days, or of good days yet to come. But 
not
today, not now, not right now. The little voice was hysterical now. He could
still go. Just get in his ship and leave, leave this all behind.
	But he knew he couldn't. He knew he could no more turn back and leave as
to die from some thing as harmless as a paper cut. His heart was beating
stronger than ever now. Beating in his temples, in his ears, and deep into 
his
chest. He couldn't help his shaking hand. He took it away from the doorway 
and
held it up to his face. He watched it shiver and shake. He tried to swallow, 
but
it stuck.
	His throat was dry. What am I doing? What am I doing?! I'm stalling. I
don't want to open it... I don't... I...
	His hand moved as if some one else were controlling it. He watched as it
went back to the door handle and grip it. The door slid open easily and with 
out
a sound. The little voice inside his head went silent as the portal slid 
open. A
small gust of warm air hit Jake in the face and caused him to turn away for 
a
moment. The smell nearly knocked him off of his feet. He turned back and 
opened
his eyes. His hand fell lifelessly from the door handle to his side.
	Jake collapsed to his knees. He couldn't breathe, his breath was caught in
his throat. But he didn't notice. He was kneeling in a pool of blood. But he
didn't notice. Flies swarmed and collected in his hair and crawled over his
clothes while searching for food on this new animal that had wandered in. 
But he
didn't notice. He did notice the hooks, and the chains that hung from the
ceiling. And he did notice the blood, all over the walls, pooling on the 
floor,
still dripping, making little `plik.plik.plik' noises as they hit the wooden
floor. He noticed all of that, but most of all, he noticed the bodies.
	Every one was there, no one had escaped the carnage of what ever happened.
Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, Nobuyuki, Tenchi, even old Yosho. Katsuhito had been 
no
match for what had come through here. They were all on the hooks, hanging 
from
the ceiling. They looked like meat strung out in a butcher's shop, 
carelessly
hung up to let the blood drain. Their limbs where gone. They were pulled 
from
the bodies and discarded somewhere else. Jake couldn't see them anywhere.
	Despite the terrible wounds that each corpse had sustained, it was the
faces that really affected him. They were all frozen in a scream of some 
sort.
The eyes (those that were still in their sockets) were all wide with terror. 
So
were their mouths, every one's except for Ryoko's, Her lower jaw had been 
torn
off.
	Most of the flesh that covered their faces had been ripped and torn off,
and hung off their faces like torn rags. The flies had found the softer 
flesh of
their bodies and were competing with each other to get at it. They were 
coming
out their mouths and the empty eye sockets and any other orifice they could
find, buzzing angrily. Crawling and creeping around their bodily cavities 
they-
	Jake couldn't watch any more. His legs found life and he scrambled on to
them.
	He took off away from the house clutching his mouth and gagging. He only
got about fifteen feet before he lost it. He fell back down to his knees and
emptied the contents of his stomach on to the tall lawn. He stayed like that 
for
more than five minutes, and he sincerely thought that he was going undo his
stomach and bring that up as well. When the contractions finally calmed 
down,
the tears came. They were hot, shameless and bitter. It had happened again. 
It
was starting all over again. The deaths. Every one was dying again.
	As he knelt there, over a pile of his own vomit, crying out his eyes, a
thought finally occurred to him. What happened to Sasami? He sat up tried to 
dry
his eyes. What had happened to her? He couldn't remember seeing her. Had he? 
He
climbed to his feet and wiped his mouth. He hadn't. Had he. He stumbled back 
to
the house and looked inside again, this time only for a few seconds. He 
scanned
as far as Ayeka's face before he pulled out. He groaned as his stomach began 
to
twist and turn again. He fell back to his knees and began to gag again. But 
this
time he couldn't help but feel a little better. He'd been wrong. Sasami had
managed to escape what ever befallen the others. She was still alive out 
there.
	He leaned back and rested on his knees. He could still save her. He must
save her. He'd just seen the death of his entire family. The one's who had 
taken
care of him the past few years, the people he bled and fought for, an all 
for
nothing they'd died for nothing. But he could still save Sasami. He could 
still
save her and still have something to show for the past few years, someone to
hold on to and remind him that he HADN'T been wasting his time. He was going 
to
find her.
	[Jake...]
	"I'm a little busy right now computer."
	[But Jake.]
	"Not now!"
	[This is importa-]
	"What?!" he snapped. Rising to his feet.
	[I've found Sasami.]
	Jake nearly face faulted.
	"What?! Where?! Tell me!"
	[She's about 100 meters north of you, in the woods. She's still wearing
that band you gave her.]
	Jake remembered that armband he'd given her as a birthday present when she
turned five. It was after an incident where she had wandered off and nearly
killed herself by walking into a launching pad for departing starcraft. The 
band
had a little jewel embedded in it that acted like a beacon and gave Jake a
pretty good idea where she was. Since they left Jurai, Jake had forgotten 
all
about it. Now it came back to him as he ran. She was close, he could feel 
it. It
was in his bones. All he had to do was find her and every thing would be
alright. Every thing would work out in the end just a long as he found her. 
All
he had to do was find her. All he had to do was see her. Just to hear her, 
just
to hold her, just to see her.
	He come upon the clearing in mid dash; the beacon was still a whole
fifteen meters away, and he ground to a stop.
He'd found Sasami.


	Jake cast aside the shovel he'd used to fill the hole he'd dug. His face
was covered with dirt except for two lines that ran down from his eyes to 
his
chin that had been washed away of the grime. He knelt above the grave and
stared.
	There was nothing else much he could do. There wasn't a glass or crystal
coffin around for him to bury her in, he had to use a torn and dirty burlap
sack. There weren't crowds of people weeping for her and crying out her name 
in
sorrow. It was only Jake. There weren't any fancy ornamental tombstones
decorating her grave, depicting her life and all of her achievements. There 
was
nothing. Sasami Masaki Jurai was born a rich princess with a loving family 
with
wealth and prestige, and a bodyguard who watched her and took care of her 
since
her first few breaths of the clean Jurian air of the bedroom she was born 
into.
Sasami Masaki Jurai died while being hunted like an animal, captured, 
poisoned,
killed and then taken apart, and had been buried in a shallow hole in the
ground, as many pieces of her that had been found, by the very same 
bodyguard
that had brought her forth into the world. Jake knelt down and patted the
freshly turned dirt. He didn't need stop his tears, they had simply run out.
As he patted the dirt he felt the little glass Pegasus in his belt satchel. 
He
untied the drawstrings and pulled the little animal out. The sunlight still
caught and reflected of into a million little shards of color and light 
across
Jake and the simple grave he had dug.
	"This was supposed to make you happy, Sasami. It was supposed to make you
smile." He thought, "This was to be your little gift, my apology for leaving 
you
like that. It's too late now. You'll never see it, won't you?  You'll never 
see
it. I know, It was all my fault. I should've stayed behind, I should've 
taken
you with me, I should've listened, I should've.  I should've spent more time
here at home with you. I should've been by your side more often. I shouldn't
have yelled at you whenever I did. I should've smiled more often, I 
should've
held you more often, I should've made you happier.
	"You know, even if your parents were a little stuffy, and despite me going
off on your father's errands all the time, you were like my daughter. We, We 
had
some good times together, and a whole lotta bad. And you know what? I'll 
cherish
them all. I'll always cherish them, always.  I watched you grow, and now 
I've
seen you die. I knew this day would come, it always does. I just didn't want 
to
see it so soon. I just.I just, I..."
	Jake paused a moment before returning to the little winged horse he held
in his hands. He picked up the little Pegasus and polished a wing. When he
finished he placed it down on the little mound of dirt that was her grave 
and
sat back.
	"Take this any way. Maybe, maybe it'll still make you smile , some where,
where ever you are. I'll never see you again. I'll never talk to you, or 
hear
you laugh, I'll never see the light in your eyes ever again. So please don't
forget me. Please, don't, don't ever."
	He reached down past the collar of his shirt and pulled up a little golden
locket. He snapped it open and it revealed two little pictures. One was of
Sasami grinning foolishly at a photo booth she visited a long time ago with
Tenchi, and the other was of Jake giving a slow smile. He was caught off 
guard
when Sasami took it and had no time to remove that smile from his face and
replace it with his customary indifferent look he always gave photographs. 
He'd
always said he was never photogenic, and he away made a show to prove it.
	Jake clamped his eyes shut. He wore a grimace on his face. The tears were
coming back. They were so hurtful. They hurt to shed. They were always 
supposed
to be a promise, a sign that if you shed them, and got the poison out of our
body, things could go back to the way they were. They were supposed to 
comfort,
provide support. They were to be a promise. Now what? Where was the promise?
	That he lost his friends. That he'd lost everyone who meant some thing to
him except Elizabeth again, who he hadn't seen in over three centuries. That 
he
was going to wake up tomorrow, like he had been until recently for the past 
300
years, alone, cold, without a home. The tears mocked him. They had lost 
their
meaning. They only served to spit in his face. They brought no comfort. Only
shame. Shame and grief.
	"I'll try not to forget you, god knows, I'll try. Just be there with me.
Prove to me our years together weren't wasted, Prove to me I did a good job
raising you. Please. Please."
	He sat there and let that thought finish. He let his mind wander to the
past. He'd spent the last ten years in this dimension. He was assigned to
protect the Royal family and their heirs at all cost. The ruler of Jurai 
took
Jake into the castle and appointed him a bodyguard to the young princess, 
Ayeka.
Then she was only eight. He also had a secondary job, one that very few knew
about, especially Ayeka and the soon-to-be Sasami. The king sent him out on
errands in areas of little or no Jurian control. His ship was different from 
the
rest of the Jurian Armada. The Khalis could travel between the stars in 
hours or
minutes instead of months and, more often than not, years. He was the king's
special assassin. If there was a trouble spot and the king wanted to put a 
ruler
out of commission, Jake was called in. Not everything was hunky dory though.
	Jake and the Emperor often got into heated debates. One was on the issue
of
child control. One time Ayeka had some how gotten her hands on a rifle that 
had
been poorly locked in the armory. She raised some real hell and shot one 
soldier
in the shoulder. Because he was in charge of protecting and taking care of 
the
royal kin, he, needless to say, gave Ayeka a good, royal spanking. When she 
ran
off and told her Mother what had happened she went ballistic and told her
husband, the emperor, to fire and execute Jake. But at that time Jake was 
sorely
needed on a southern front. There was a rebel leader who was causing 
uprisings
and chaos and the emperor wanted him dead. The Emperor wanted to know why 
Jake
`beat' his kid and wanted him to give a full apology to her. Jake refused. 
He
said she deserved the spanking and was lucky she didn't get anything else. 
This
escalated into a huge argument that lasted for weeks. In the end the king
challenged him to raise a better child than his own. Jake took that offer 
and
told the Emperor to choose the child. By then The Emperor's wife was once 
again
pregnant, and he chose the child. She was, of course, Sasami. Unfortunately, 
The
Emperor never had a chance to see who would've won the bet. In the following
years there were fights and struggles that seemed to be getting closer to 
home
in Jurai. A final invasion of the capitol eventually took place. In it, the
Jurian armada had been unable to hold the approaching army. The Emperor told
Jake to take his children and leave for Earth. Family was there. With the
Emperor's and the Empress's blessing Jake fled the capitol near the end of 
the
final battle. Both the Emperor and the Empress along with Tsunami were 
destroyed
in the fight.
	He flew the orphaned children to Earth, as he had promised, and stayed
with
Yosho and his daughter Atchika. Atchika had already married and had a spunky
little boy named Tenchi. Tenchi and Ayeka, at first, were very hostile 
toward
each other, but in the end they hit it off pretty well and were in love by
fourteen (although neither of them would admit it.). Ayeka lost her 
snobbishness
and became a very compassionate and kind young woman. Tenchi was, as always,
slightly shy and unsure of himself. It became ven more apparent at around
thirteen or so, when he began to really notice Ayeka. Life had gone on like
usual for numerous years until almost three weeks ago when he was called in 
to
take care of some business on the northern end of the galaxy by Intra-Tech. 
He
left and headed to that end to investigate. But there was nothing to report. 
It
was as quiet and as peaceful as ever. Jake left that sector plotted a course
home. He arrived with only the carnage and destruction to greet him.
	He knew who did it. It was a faceless demon who had been stalking him,
ruining
his life. Jake was supposed to be the best demon hunter in the fleet. His 
long
blade was holy in the purest sense, and an effective demon killer. 
Intra-Tech
and the demon horde, Goh-Uld, had a long standing war in affect. This one
particular demon had been hunting Jake for a long while now. He killed any 
one
whom he fought to protect, and made his life unbearable. He had finally 
thought
the demon had left him when he came to this dimension, but he had been 
wrong. It
made its mark near all its kills by carving a cross with a gash through it
nearby. Jake found the mark on a tree close to where he'd found Sasami's
remains.
	Little did Jake know what was on the horizon. Something terrible was about
to
happen that would change his life caused by this faceless demon. He won't be
ready for it when it comes, and it will tear him apart. But that is for the
future. Now, a new evil was on the rise. Something he was unaware of. It 
will
wind its way very deeply into our story, but for now, lets leave the future
alone and let it weave it self out.

	Jake had just managed to remove the bodies in side the house when an
earthquake
shook everything. It wasn't very strong, and it wasn't very loud, but it 
scared
the shit out of him. This was the tremor he was looking for. It turned out 
that
Jake was right.
	"...Dammit..."
	[I'm sorry Jake]
	He didn't answer as he felt another wave of tremors rack the building.
	"..."
	When the third set came he stood up and left. Sasami had been the critical
element for the world. Her life had been the Keystone that kept order and 
peace
in the environment and all that stood between oblivion and life. Because she
died that keystone was gone. And with it, any hope of this universe 
surviving.
	He walked back out to the grave and said his final prayers and good-byes
to
Sasami, straightened the fallen Pegasus, which had tumbled during the 
quakes,
and left. He climbed aboard his Khalis and powered up the engines. It took 
him
about thirty seconds to power up his drives and within the minute he had 
left
earth orbit. Along the way he caught sight of Yagami, floating like a large 
red
ruby caught in the vastness of space. A scan brought up no life signs on 
board.
She was dead and along with her, her crew of two. What ever had gotten to 
those
on the ground, also got to Yagami.

	Jake flew on for a few more minutes before calling out to his computer.
	"Computer." His voice seemed to be very hollow and empty in the single
seat
cockpit of his Starfox.
	[Yeah.]
	" Power the primary cells and prepare to cross."
	[Affirmative. Routing primary power from drive and powering cells.]
	Jake used the rear camera and watched the universe behind him. It was
already
showing signs of collapse. He sighed and closed his eyes. He would miss this
world. He would miss those he was leaving behind, or, more really, those who 
had
gone on without him. They'd all gone on. Jake tried to think of something 
that
would help alleviate his pain, but Sasami's face always resurfaced. She 
would be
smiling; her little eyebrows turned upwards, a small disarming grin 
superimposed
on a small and innocent face. She would always be holding little Ryo-Ohki, 
and
she would always be holding a little carrot, giving an even broader smile. 
And
then all the comfort he tried to build up to block his pain faded, leaving 
him
alone with himself and his memories. What had happened? Where had he gone 
wrong?
	Jake opened his eyes. What ever happened to Ryo-Ohki? Where had she gone?
He couldn't remember seeing her at all on the planet. What happened to her? 
Did
she get eaten? Swallowed whole by what ever murdered everyone back on the
surface?
	[Dropping out of reality in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. Engaging cells.]
	His computer's voice snapped him out of his reverie. He watched as a two-
dimensional portal opened up before his ship. A green swirling mass drew his
ship out of normal dimensional reality and into the void.  The shields came 
off
line in the gap between the dimensions. Energy couldn't exist in a free 
state
because of the state of reality there. Energy, kinetic, potential, or 
otherwise
was rendered null and void. This also meant sensors and weapons. Thrust and
maneuvering were the only things he could use outside the ship's hull. Even
sensors were knocked off line. He took one sorrowful look back into the
collapsing universe behind his ship as the gateway closed behind him. This 
was
the last time he would ever look back at the place he had called home for 
the
past eight years. It hurt him to watch it go. He was leaving behind 
everyone. He
never even had a chance to bury them. Only Sasami slept below the ground. He 
was
leaving the world behind, but not the memories. He would keep those. He'd 
never
loose them. Never. The gateway behind him closed and the world along with 
the
life he had lived faded from his vision forever.
	"Damn."
	[You shouldn't be so hard on yourself. You know there was nothing you
could've
done]
	He collapsed back into his cushioned pilots chair.
	"That doesn't help the pain."
	[I know, I had grown quite attached to them myself.]
	"That shouldn't have happened, not to them, not to her. She never deserved
that.
	She never did anything that deserved that." He cloosed his eyes, visions
of his
encounter played across his eyelids as he began to drift off into a quick 
catnap
for the voyage home.
	[Plotting a course for Geneiva; Course-3,2,5,9er bravo, bravo, whiskey,
delta,
5,5,6,7...Course plotted. We'll be about three days.]
	Jake grunted as he let the first tendrils of sleep creep across his
exausted
mind. Sasami's face still hung in his thoughts, but she had changed. She 
wasn't
smiling like she had been before. She was crying. She looked like she was
imploring him, yelling at him, screaming at him-why did he leave her behind? 
Why
did he leave her to die? She was screaming at him. And crying, always 
crying...
	"Dammit, Dammit all."


~End of Eps. 1. ~~~ See, Eps. 1 CAN be good with out Jar-Jar! (ok, ok bad
joke...) Feed back is good and flames will only be used to light the fires I
will use to burn your evil mail in. (I don't care if that didn't make sense, 
if
you send flames I'll give you more of the same non-sense)...

        Special thanks to MKeiichi001, KenhsinRC2000, and Vik-man for all 
the
support, info, editing, and putting up with all my crap. Kenshin, your still 
a
bastard! ^-^ Baka Ken!

                    Write to me at: DarkPhoenix182@hotmail.com

            'Till next time, This white guy's out!

