Disclaimer: I do not the Tenchi Muyo in any way, shape, and/or form. They 
are the property of Pioneer, and although
I don't have permission to use them, I hope that is anyone from there reads 
this, likes the story and doesn't sue me.
I have however tried to develop an original story, so please don't 
plagarise, or at least ask me first!

Enjoy!


Trails and Errors


Chapter 2: Friends and Families


Isamu sat bolt upright in bed. He was covered in sweat, and breathing 
heavily. He looked around him, he
was in his room, in the Kyonai dojo in Fukukoa. It was his room alright. He 
breathed a heavy sigh of relief,
and stood up. He needed some fresh air to clear his head. He headed out of 
the dojo, onto the outdoor
training ground. It was a beautiful summer night, and the air was a great 
for Isamu's body. he started to feel
more relaxed after a few minutes, and was considering heading back to his 
room when someone caught his
eye at the edge of the ground. He looked at the stranger intently for a 
second, unable to make out any
features of the person stood there.
"Who are you?" He demanded of the stranger in the shadows.
"The one who will aid you. I come to deliver a message to you. Seek the one 
named Masaki. A southern
Island will lead you to him. To banish your dreams you will need his help. 
He will need your help too. I
leave now." The echoey reply drifted towards Isamu. He looked around, still 
wondering if was he was
caught in his dream. He looked back at the shadowy form. It was no longer 
there. A cooling breeze came
across the training ground, making Isamu shiver. He felt sure that this was 
no dream. He wandered around
the training ground, trying to clear his head. He had been plagued by 
nightmares for about a week, it was
starting to affect his training. He no longer had the concentration he 
needed to wield his sword with the
finesse. He was a very good swordsman as well. The best in southern Japan. 
He was the only person under
twenty to be known as a master in Japan. He had been training since he could 
walk. He needed to be able to
focus on his training to maintain his edge. That person, if it even was one, 
had offered him a solution. He
would consult his Sensei in the morning.
"You want to travel to where?!" The ancient man in the Dojo asked Isamu"
"A small island on the south coast of Japan. There is a shrine there for the 
Masaki clan. I was told to seek
this to end my nightmares, Sensei." Isamu replied, kneeling before him.
"Hmmm, I noticed that your skills have been faltering recently, Isamu. I 
almost beat you yesterday!" The
old man replied, a smile breaking on his face. Isamu grinned at him.
"I will return when I have beaten my nightmares, Sensei. I should not be too 
long." He said, bowing deeply
to the old man. He turned to leave, and was stopped by his Sensei's voice.
"Isamu, I would like you to take the schools sword." Isamu froze. the 
schools sword, it was 400 years old!
It had been kept in the school since the times of feudal Japan. The last 
time it had left the dojo was during
the Tokogawa shogunate. Isamu turned and bowed deeply to his master, 
acknowledging the honour which
had been placed on him.
"I will do our school well, Sensei."
"I know Isamu, I would not have asked you to take the sword if you weren't 
as good as I know you are.
Now, prepare yourself for your journey. I will see you when you return." 
Isamu bowed deeply once more,
and turned around. As he was walking past an ornate table, the sword caught 
his eye. He lifted it gently
from it's stand. He held the sword carefully in his hands, and left the 
dojo. As he walked across the  yard he
looked to the spot where he had encountered the shadowy form earlier that 
morning. He got back to his
room on the grounds, packed some clothes, and his formal samurai clothing, 
he was sure that he would
need it at some point on his journey. He carefully wrapped up the sword, and 
changed into his casual
clothes, and opened a small box on his table. Inside was a small amulet. His 
Sensei had given it to him four
years ago. He had told him that his mother had left the amulet with him when 
he had enrolled in the School.
It wasn't anything special, but Isamu treasured it, it was the only link he 
had to the family that he had lost.
The amulet was a small intricately made pendant. It had three sides, and 
looked like a leaf, or possibly
wings. He wasn't sure of it's origin, but he had been told that it would 
bring him fortune. Isamu put on the
pendant. It felt strange around his neck, but he would need some fortune on 
this journey. He quickly made
his way across the training yard towards the large entrance to the dojo. He 
stopped at the entrance, and
looked around. He had been there as long as he remembered, and he was 
reluctant to leave. It was his
home. He had always been here, or at least it felt like it. As he was 
looking around, he saw his Sensei stood
at the doorway of the main hall. The old man bowed deeply to Isamu. Isamu 
returned the bow, and left the
place he had called home.
Ryoko was bored. She always got bored when it was raining. It meant that she 
had to spend all of her time
in the house. She wasn't too hot on that idea. Ayeka was always around to 
cause her problems, and Mihoshi
tended to cause some disaster, usually involving lots of breakable things. 
Ryoko looked out of the window
and sighed. It had been three days since Tenchi had almost drowned in the 
onsen. Everyone had been pretty
quiet since then. Tenchi hadn't appeared downstairs since then. The 
atmosphere was getting slowly more
tense in the house. Everyone was worried, but no-one had heard a noise from 
that room. Ryoko was starting
to get really worried. What if her, well, kiss hadn't been enough. She had 
been dwelling on that thought for
the last 3 days now. She scanned the room, looking for something to take her 
mind off her gloomy
thoughts. Everyone was having the same idea. Ayeka and Samami, Kiyone, 
Mihoshi and Washu were all
sat around. The only one talking was Washu.
"Why will he not let me take him to my lab? I could have had him cured by 
now!" She was muttering
almost under her breath.
Ryoko was about to go and hit Washu, she might be her mother, but she wasn't 
helping the situation a great
deal. Just as she got up, they all heard a sound from upstairs. Everyone 
froze and looked expectantly at the
staircase. They saw a set of feet at the top of the staircase. There was 
silence as the feet made their way
down the stairs. Everyone saw Tenchi arrive at the bottom of the stair. He 
looked at everyone in the room.
"Uh, hi everyone," he said looking around the room a bit sheepishly "Sorry 
to have made you worry." It
was about as far as he got before he was jumped on by everyone in the room.
"Tenchi!!! You're okay!!" Ryoko, Mihoshi, Kiyone and Washu all shouted 
whilst grabbing various arms,
legs and any other body part they could reach. Tenchi was soon swarmed under 
by his friends. Ayeka and
Sasami were stood beside the sofa looking expectantly.
"Girls, could you let me get up" Tenchi's muffled exclamation came from 
under the piles of female bodies
all trying to hug him at the same time. Grudgingly, the ladies all let go of 
the body parts that they had
claimed. Tenchi stood up, and headed towards the sofa. He got about halfway 
before he was jumped on by
Ayeka and Sasami. "Lord Tenchi, I'm so happy that you are safe." Ayeka said 
whilst hugging him. Sasami's
statement was much simpler "TENCHI!!!!" She shouted, grabbing him by the 
waist and hugging him. It
was accompanied by the small "Meow!" from Ryoh-ohki. Tenchi smiled at 
everyone and sat down on the
sofa. Ryoko and Ayeka took their customary places to either side of him. 
Tenchi looked round the room.
Everyone was smiling, but it looked like the smiles would disappear if he so 
much as sneezed.
"Everyone, I'm okay, honestly. My grandfather took good care of me. I'm 
really sorry that I made you all
worry like this. I think I'd better explain what's going on." He looked 
around the room again. The looks he
was getting this time were more inquisitive.
"What I'm about to tell you is quite worrying for two reasons. The first is 
that it's something that I haven't
got any control over, and the second is that it involves all of you." He 
stopped for a moment, trying to think
of a way of explaining what his nightmares contained. He looked at all of 
his extended family. then he
finally spoke. "I've been having nightmares. Really bad nightmares. I 
thought that it was something that I
had dreamed up. But for the last 3 days, I've almost been stuck in them. 
It's always the same. I'm in a room,
a really large one. It's like the throne room of the Jurian palace, but it's 
darker, more cruel. There is a person
who is covered in shadow, all I can see is his eyes. They burn green, and I 
can feel the hatred radiating
from them," again Tenchi paused, not sure how to convey the most disturbing 
part of his nightmare. He
sighed, and looked around the room. Everyone was looking worried. Tenchi 
hadn't seen his friends looked
like this for a long time. He held his breath for a second and then 
continued. "and I can see other things in
this room. I can see you all. but....." He stopped again. How could he tell 
them. Tell them that when he
looked around the room all he could see were their dead bodies. He couldn't 
tell them, he wouldn't allow
this to happen. Ryoko broke the silence in the room. "But what Tenchi?" She 
asked in a small voice. "But I
was told by a voice that by this time, I would be dead." Tenchi finished. He 
heard everyone gasp. Ayeka
stood up, and looked at him. "I will not allow this to happen Lord Tenchi!! 
I will not allow you to die!"
Ryoko stood up at that point. "I agree Tenchi dear. What sort of a friend 
would I be if I let you get killed?!"
Tenchi looked around the room. All of his friends were standing up, all 
sharing the look that Ayeka and
Ryoko had taken up. Tenchi groaned inwardly. This wasn't how he wanted 
things to turn out. He was trying
to think of something to say when Ayeka looked at him and said "You said a 
voice told you something.
Other than that lie about your death, was there anything else it said.?" 
Tenchi looked at the floor. "There
was two more things. It kept calling me the 'hope of Jurai', and it only 
asked me one question." He didn't lift
his eyes from the floor, dreading the next question. It was Ryoko. "What was 
the question Tenchi?" She
asked in the same small voice. Tenchi looked at her, looked into her bright 
yellow eyes. He could see fear
there, but not for herself. Fear for Tenchi, fear that something would 
happen to him again. He could see it
so clearly. A tear ran down his cheek.  "It asked me if I was ready. It said 
it would return when it thought I
was." Tenchi could see the emotion in Ryokos eyes shift. He could see her 
comprehending his reaction
when she had said something very similar in the cherry grove. He looked 
around, and finally spoke.
"I need to take a walk, guys. I've been cooped up in this house for the last 
three days. I'll only be a short
while. I'd like to go and thank grandfather for helping me like he did. I'm 
going to go up to the temple. I'll
be back soon, okay?" He stood up to leave, and Kiyone spoke up. "Tenchi, I 
think that everyone would feel
a lot better if you had someone looking out for you for a little while. I'd 
like to go for a walk, although the
weather isn't great, I'll come with you if you don't mind. I promise I'll 
behave, unlike certain other who
would love to get you alone in the dark!!" She finished with a little smile. 
Tenchi smiled back, and then
began to laugh. Lady Ayeka, and Ryoko were both blushing slightly, but soon 
started giggling. Tenchi
went upstairs to get his jacket, and Kiyone went to get an umbrella. Tenchi 
said goodbye to everyone, again
promising that he would be back soon, and he and Kiyone left the house. The 
rain had let up somewhat, and
although the umbrella wasn't really needed too badly, Kiyone still insisted 
that he walk under it, to wad off
the small shower around them. They had been walking for about two minutes 
when Kiyone spoke,
"Tenchi, was it really that bad? I mean, it must have been pretty horrible 
to make you pass out in the onsen.
Everyone was so worried about you. The really strange thing is that there 
was no fighting. Ryoko wasn't
her normal aggressive self. Did you know that she gave you the kiss of 
life?" Tenchi stopped, and looked at
Kiyone. "She did what?" Tenchi suddenly flushed. Kiyone looked at him and 
smiled. "It's okay Tenchi, she
saved your life! I think had the circumstance been different, she would have 
enjoyed the kiss a lot, but she
was so worried that she hadn't done enough, that she was almost in tears for 
three days. She didn't even
drink any Sake!" "I'll have to apologise for worrying her so much. I had no 
idea, Kiyone. How did Ayeka
react?" Tenchi replied after a moment. "not too badly considering that Ryoko 
had effectively kissed you.
But when it was pointed out that it saved your life, she apologised right 
away. I think she felt bad still
competing with Ryoko when you were ill." Tenchi considered his eternal 
dilemma again briefly. He was
going to do something about that. Soon. He had to prepare himself, body and 
mind, and part of that was
growing up mentally. Grown ups don't spend forever floundering about on 
decisions. Tenchi realised this,
and knew what had to be done. He had to choose. He had to clear his mind and 
focus on keeping his friends
alive. Tenchi suddenly realised that he had been silent for a while. "He 
looked at Kiyone, and smiled.
"Thanks for coming out here with me Kiyone. It's nice being able to talk to 
someone without having them
try to advance on you!" Kiyone grinned back at him. "Hey, what are friends 
for Tenchi? You're cute, but
still a little young for me!" She smiled back, and then they both started to 
laugh. They reached the shrine
shortly after. As they walked up towards the door, Tenchi could hear people 
talking inside.
"I'm sorry to have troubled you, Sir. I know this may sound crazy, but I was 
told to seek this place out by
someone." Tenchi did not recognise this voice, and stopped just before the 
doorway. He heard his
grandfather answer. "Really? Why would someone tell you to seek out this 
shrine?" Tenchi looked at
Kiyone, and placed a finger over his lips. She nodded, and stood there 
listening. Tenchi's heart skipped a
beat when he heard the reply. "Well Sir, I know this is going to sound 
crazy, but I've been having some
nightmares recently. They have been effecting me. I was told to seek one 
named Masaki, and told that I
would be able to stop the nightmares if I did. So, I'm here, at the Masaki 
shrine. Do you know anything
about this?" Tenchi looked at Kiyone, she had a slightly worried frown on 
her face. Tenchi braced himself
and slid open the door. The person talking to his grandfather was a young 
man, around the same age as
Tenchi, but there were subtle differences. This man had had sharper 
features, more defined. His face was
serious, and he had very well defined muscle tone. Tenchi would not have 
noticed if the mans T-shirt had
not been soaking wet. He heard a small gasp from Kiyone, and he turned to 
face her. She was blushing!
Tenchi looked back, and quickly said. "Grandfather, I'm sorry to have 
disturbed you. I wanted to thank you
for taking care of me with my recent illness. I never got a chance to thank 
you at the house. I'm sorry to
have interrupted you." He turned to leave. Tenchi's Grandfather replied. 
"Tenchi, you were not raised to be
rude to strangers. This young man is Isamu, Isamu Satonaka. He has come here 
to seek answers to a
problem he has been having. It's a bit late to help him seek his answers 
now, but why don't you take him to
the house, and you can both come back tomorrow. We can start seeking answers 
then." Tenchi looked at
his grandfather, and nodded. "Mr Satonaka, please excuse my rudeness. I can 
offer you a warm bath, and
some fresh clothes for you to change into. Sasami might be cooking dinner, 
so you could stay for a meal if
you'd like. I've got a spare bed in one of the rooms if you'd like to spend 
the night." Isamu looked at Tenchi
and smiled. "Mr Masaki, thank you for your kind hospitality. I would be 
honoured if I could stay at your
house. I would like to find the answers to my questions. I thank you." as 
Isamu bowed, Tenchi looked at
his grandfather again. The old man smiled and nodded. The three people left 
the temple and made their way
back to the house. As they were walking back, Isamu looked around him and 
said.
"Mr Masaki, this is a beautiful area for a shrine. It's so quiet and 
peaceful." he took a deep breath and
seemed to relax somewhat. Tenchi wasn't sure if he was relaxing, though. It 
seemed that the muscles just
shifted around his body. He was almost certain Kiyone was noticing this 
also. She hadn't stopped blushing.
Tenchi smiled at Isamu.
"Please Mr Satonaka, call me Tenchi. Mr Masaki sounds too formal for me. But 
yes, this is a beautiful
place for a shrine. I hope to be able to take it over from my grandfather 
one day."
"Well, I hope that you can fulfil that dream Tenchi. Please call me Isamu, I 
must admit I'm not too good
with formalities either. So does your grandfather teach you the way of the 
sword?" Isamu asked, Tenchi
looked at him curiously, "How were you able tell that my grandfather is a 
swordsman?" He asked, curious.
"I can see it in the way he holds himself, in the way he walks, in the way 
that he moves. All of the small
things that separate a master from a bumbling amateur." Isamu looked at 
Tenchi for a moment. "I can see
that he has been teaching you, you hold yourself in the same manner. This 
little problem I've been having
recently may take some time to correct. Would you like to arrange a friendly 
sparring match to help pass
some of the time." Tenchi looked at Isamu. It took him a moment to answer. 
"Isamu, you seem like you
have been training a long, long time. I'm afraid that I might not be a match 
for you. But if you would like a
friendly sparring session, then I'm sure that we can come up with 
something." Tenchi looked over at his fast
approaching house. He was still going to have to explain the peculiar 
inhabitants to his new friends. "Um,
Isamu, this house has some very special people in there." Isamu looked and 
Tenchi and smiled. "It's okay
Tenchi, this is the first house the I have been to outside my dojo. It 
wouldn't bother me if it was full of crazy
people. I'm looking forward to meeting your family." Isamu looked over to 
Kiyone, who had been holding
the umbrella above Tenchi (Isamu had decided to walk in the rain as he was 
already wet.) "Um, miss. I'm
sorry if it looks like I'm ignoring you, it was not my intention. I'm Isamu 
Satonaka. Are you Tenchi's
fiancée?" Kiyone looked up at Isamu, blushing a bit brighter as she did. 
"Uh, no Mr Satonaka. I'm one of
Tenchi's friends. There are some more of us who live in the house, we're 
more like an extended family to be
honest. I'm Kiyone. Pleased to meet you!" She said, smiling at the end.
"Well, I'm sure Tenchi must be happy to have such a nice sister! And please, 
call me Isamu." Isamu stated,
taking the reference of family seriously. Kiyone blushed a little bit, and 
Tenchi looked at her and smiled.
they were at the front door. Tenchi looked at Isamu a bit awkwardly "Uh, 
Isamu, would you mind waiting
here for a moment? I just need to make sure everything is in order inside. I 
won't keep you waiting for more
than a moment." He stated slipping inside the house. Isamu smiled and nodded 
as Tenchi went inside. He
turned around to Kiyone and looked at her for a moment. Isamu had never seen 
anyone with Green hair
before, it was more emerald though, and it was very pretty. He looked at her 
eyes for a second, they were
exactly the same colour. Isamu realised that he was staring at Kiyone, and 
with an embarrassed cough he
looked away quickly and then turned back. "Um, what's Tenchi like as a 
brother?" He asked. Kiyone looked
up at him, "Well, we're not really family, more like a group of very close 
friends, but we've all been here so
long it's starting to feel like a family these days. We all just seem to 
have gotten caught up with him. He's
one of the nicest guys I know. It's probably why he has half the household 
trying to get him into bed!"
Isamu looked at her eyes as she smiled. They were really nice, and very 
shiny. Isamu could feel his ears
getting red, and he knew that he would be blushing within seconds. It was 
just at that moment that Tenchi
came out onto the front porch "Isamu!! Sorry to keep you waiting out here. 
Please come in!" Isamu walked
into the house, removing his wet shoes at the front door. A small girl with 
bright pink eyes, and blue hair
came up to him and handed him a towel. She had a small creature on her 
shoulder. She was looking at
Isamu as he took the towel. Isamu gave her a smile "Thank you Miss. This is 
very kind of you. That is a
wonderful little animal you have there! What is it?" "That's Ryoh-Ohki Mr. 
Satonaka!! He's very pleased to
meet you. My name is Sasami, and I'm very pleased to meet you also." The 
little girl answered, blushing
slightly. "Please, call me Isamu, Sasami. Thank you very much for the towel, 
I wouldn't want to get the
floor wet!" He said grinning. Sasami grinned back. Isamu then looked at 
Ryoh-Ohki. It was a very cute
creature. It looked like a cat rabbit hybrid. As he looked at it, Isamu was 
sure he could se it smile. He
smiled at it and said "Hi Ryoh-Ohki, I'm Isamu!" He was answered with a 
friendly "Meow!" Isamu started
to dry his hair a little bit, and wrapped the towel round his shoulders. As 
he walked into the living room
with Tenchi and Masami, he was startled. There were four women sat on the 
Sofa, all of them looking at
him. Tenchi started the introductions with a blonde haired woman with a 
large nice smile. "Isamu, this is
Mihoshi. She is a police officer." Tenchi said a little vaguely. He looked 
at Mihoshi and smiled at her. "It's
a pleasure to meet you, Miss Mihoshi." He said, bowing to her. Mihoshi 
blushed and started to giggle.
"You don't have to bow Mr Satonaka, it's a pleasure to meet you too." She 
said holding out her hand. Isamu
shook her hand. He then moved onto a woman with a beautiful Kimono, and long 
purple hair. She was very
pretty, and looked like a porcelain doll. She had 'handle with care' stamped 
all over her. "This is Ayeka,
Isamu." Isamu bowed deeply. "It is an honour to meet you, Lady Ayeka." Isamu 
had realised that she was
some sort of nobility as soon as Tenchi hadn't said what she did. That and 
the fact that she was wearing a
very intricate Kimono. Ayeka returned the bow and smiled at him. "A pleasure 
Mr. Satonaka." she replied.
She sounded very formal. She was definitely some sort of nobility. Her voice 
was clear and concise. Isamu
bowed again, and Tenchi moved onto another woman. Isamu looked at her. She 
was quite small, but she
had the bearing of someone very wise. "and this is...." Tenchi began, but 
was interrupted. "I'm Washu,
Isamu! I'm the greatest scientist in all of the known universe, and I'm 
pleased to meet you!" "The pleasure
is all mine Miss Washu! What area of science do you study?" Isamu asked, 
curious about her profession
because of the overwhelming confidence in her voice. "All of them, of 
course. I'm currently looking into
bio-engineering, but I haven't found a test subject yet." She said, and then 
stopped. She looked at him in a
serious way. "I've just had an idea! Isamu, would you like to...." She was 
halfway through her sentence
when Tenchi interrupted her. "Please Isamu, try not to become little Washu's 
test subject. Her experiments
are a bit, um, well, hit and miss?" Washu shot Tenchi a glare, and he moved 
quickly on. "And last, but not
least, this is Ryoko." Isamu looked at the woman, who stood there in an 
imposing kind of manner. She had
the look of someone who could handle herself in a fight. She returned his 
stare with a smile and a nod,
almost like she knew what he was thinking. "It's a pleasure to meet you, 
Miss Ryoko." Isamu said simply.
He was suddenly very aware that all of his clothes were soaking wet. He 
looked around at the gathered
faces. "Well, I would like to sit down and chat, but seeing as I would only 
make the sofa wet, do you think
I could change somewhere?" He asked, looking at Tenchi. "Sure, there is a 
bathroom on the left down the
hallway." He replied. "Thanks, I'll be back soon." Isamu replied, and went 
off to find the bathroom.
Tenchi sat down on the sofa. This Isamu guy had been having nightmares too? 
He wondered why he would
have been sent here. Or, at least he was starting to wonder. He was 
interrupted very quickly by the whole
household. "Where did you find him Tenchi?" Ryoko asked first. "He was up at 
the shrine." Tenchi said.
"He said that he was sent here by someone, apparently he's been having 
trouble dreaming." Ayeka looked
at Tenchi very suddenly. "You don't think that this man could mean you any 
harm, do you Lord Tenchi?"
She looked like she was trying to reassure herself. Kiyone came walking in, 
a little smile on her face.
Tenchi placed a hand over his mouth to conceal his grin. It looked like 
Kiyone was deep in thought.
Mihoshi looked at her partner. "Hey Kiyone!! Have you met the new guy. He's 
cute!!" She said in her
typical bubbly manner. Kiyone looked over at Mihoshi. "Yeah Mihoshi, I did 
meet him. I walked back
from the temple with him and Tenchi! Remember?" Kiyone replied, looking a 
little exasperated. "Oh
yeah!!! So did you get to talk to him? What's he like?" All of the females 
in the house suddenly started
aiming their questions at Kiyone. Tenchi could hear them. What music, what 
food, what's his hobbies, is he
single. Tenchi quietly walked up to his room to prepare a bed for Isamu. He 
was about three quarters of the
way up when he heard someone behind him. "Hi Tenchi." The voice said. Tenchi 
knew without turning
around that it was Ryoko. "Hi Ryoko, how are you feeling?" He asked, still 
walking up the stairs. "I'm fine
Tenchi, but I just wanted to say that I'm really glad that you are okay. I 
was so worried...." She tried to
continue, but had to look away. Tenchi could see the pain in her eyes when 
she thought about what could've
happened. "I heard," He said soothingly "I understand that you saved me 
Ryoko. I'm in your debt. How can
I repay you?" He said. Ryoko looked up at him, a little gleam in her eye. 
Tenchi was expecting something
rude. "How about a date Tenchi? We could go for a walk, have dinner, just 
the two of us?" She looked into
his eyes, smiling. Tenchi was kinda shocked, but touched also. Ryoko really 
did care about him. Not as
something to fight over, but as a person too. He smiled deeply and said. "I 
think that I would really like that
Ryoko. It'll give us a chance to talk freely. I'll get us a table at a 
restaurant, and we could go for a walk on
the beach if the weather is nice, what do you say?" Ryoko squealed and threw 
her arms around him. "That
would be wonderful Tenchi, just tell me when!" She phased away. Tenchi 
considered her sudden departure,
and figured out that it was probably so she didn't cause Ayeka to react in a 
violent manner. Tenchi suddenly
thought about this. he had just agreed to a date with Ryoko, and that was 
going to upset Ayeka, no matter
what reason he gave her. Tenchi sighed, he would probably have to take Ayeka 
on a date as well, for the
sake of the building, if nothing else. Tenchi quickly went upstairs and 
prepared  the spare bed for Isamu. As
he was walking downstairs, he heard the bathroom door unlock. Isamu came 
out, dry and with new clothes
on. He looked up at Tenchi. "Um, sorry to keep pestering you Tenchi," He 
said "But is there anywhere that
I can hang my wet clothes?" Tenchi was about to suggest  in the kitchen when 
Washu interrupted. "Isamu,
give me your clothes!" She ordered "I will dry them in my lab!" Isamu gave 
her the bundle of dripping
clothes and sat down on the floor around the sofa. Everyone was looking at 
the clothes he wore. It looked
like Tenchi's training clothes, but they were different colours. Isamu had 
also brought out a package, it was
quite long and thin, and wrapped up well. Isamu sat down and said to 
everyone. "Please don't think I'm
ignoring you, but I have to check this. A very important person gave this to 
me for safekeeping." He started
to unwrap the package. He pulled out two bokken from the top, and then very 
carefully slid out a
longsword. It was beautifully made, very intricate, and looked like it had 
been a very prized weapon for
many years. Tenchi looked at it in wonder, and sat down beside Isamu. "It's 
beautiful." was all he could
say. He looked up and noticed everyone looking at the sword too. Isamu 
looked over it quickly, never
actually drawing the blade, but checking that it was dry. He looked 
satisfied that it was and placed it on the
floor in front of him. It was Sasami that broke the silence in the room. "Mr 
Isamu, why did you bring a
sword here?" Isamu looked up at the girl "Don't worry Sasami, I don't mean 
anyone any harm, it's just that I
study bushido, and I have to carry my swords with me wherever I go. This 
isn't normally a problem,
because I rarely leave my school, but since my nightmares began, I was told 
to come here to seek the
answers. So I brought this." he said, pointing at the sword when he spoke of 
it. "I would never offend any
of you by drawing it against you." He finished, smiling at Sasami. Sasami 
relaxed at that point. Isamu stood
up putting the swords back in their packing and tying up the end of the 
strings. tenchi came over "I've mad
you a bed Isamu, and there is a cupboard where you can put your things. I'll 
show you if you are feeling
tired." He said. Isamu nodded and followed him up the stairs, stopping long 
enough to wish everyone
goodnight. Tenchi took him into the spare room, and said goodnight. As he 
left Tenchi started thinking
about the situation which had brought Isamu to their house. He was being 
plagued by nightmares too.
Tenchi thought back to his dream, the voice which had spoken to him had told 
him to wear the sign until he
was ready. Tenchi went back into his room, and had a look around for the 
pouch. His grandfather had
moved it from his trousers. He opened the pouch and shook the pendant into 
his hand. He slowly put the
pendant on, hearing it fasten with a click behind his neck. It felt strange, 
but comforting against his skin.
Tenchi decided that it was probably time to go to bed himself. He had a day 
of training ahead of him
tomorrow. He would train until he was ready. He could not easily discount 
the haunting memory of his
dream.
Tenchi awoke just before sunrise the next day. His nightmare had not 
re-occurred. Maybe the amulet had
played some part in this. He had been told to wear it by, well, whatever it 
was. He got and got dressed
quickly, and went downstairs as quietly as he could. Silently, he went into 
the kitchen and made himself
breakfast. It was no where as good as Sasami's cooking, but it was 
breakfast. Tenchi walked out of his
house just as the sun appeared over the eastern horizon. He was amazed by 
the reflection from the lake. It
sparkled in front of his eyes, playing a ballet on top of the water. As 
Tenchi stood there, enjoying the
amazing scene in front of him. Something caught his eye. In amidst the water 
ballet of the sunrise, he saw a
figure stood perfectly still on top of the lake. Tenchi rubbed his eyes, to 
make sure that it wasn't a trick of
the reflection, but it was still there. Tenchi walked towards the lake. 
Ryoko couldn't be awake this early,
she was rarely awake before eleven. As tenchi approached, he could make out 
the figure more clearly. It
was definitely human, and looked to be a male. Tenchi couldn't make out any 
more details, the sun's
reflection on the surface was too bright. He saw the figure raise a sword, 
and hold a stance. Tenchi didn't
recognise the stance, but it looked like he was taking an offensive position 
against an imaginary opponent.
The figure put one foot forward, and the lake rippled, but the foot stayed 
above water. Tenchi was
dumbfounded at this. The person should have sank. Surely any human would 
have sank. Tenchi watched
the person move gracefully through a series of stances with the sword. The 
light played off the ripples as
they made their way towards the shore, making the pool seem to glimmer 
around the figure, and the light
reflected off the sword and shone around the edge of the lake, casting a 
faintly blueish hue as it almost
glowed The only other light that shone was a small gleam from something 
around the figures neck. The
figure stopped, seemingly halfway through a stance, perfectly still. The 
ripples seemed to stop beneath his
feet. Tenchi watched in open amazement as the figure proceeded to move 
through an entirely new set of
stances, gathering pace with each step, the ripples on the lake began to 
increase, coming out towards the
surface as the figure continued to increase his rate of movement. Quite soon 
all that Tenchi could see was
the swords path, reflected by the sun, and the lake rippling like someone 
had dropped a series of stones in
the centre of it. The figure move with an inhuman grace, each step flowing 
forward from the next, not
hesitating at a single point between each fluid step that he took, moving 
the blade in careful, precise arcs
that would mean death if anyone was silly enough to cross the path of this 
person. Tenchi saw the figure
take two quick steps, each time a slightly larger ripple growing across the 
lakes, then the figure leapt up in
the air. tenchi saw the man go up, and followed his swords light blue trail 
as it went up. Tenchi didn't know
how high that guy had jumped, but he guessed it had been about three metres, 
at least. As the swordsman's
jump apexed in the morning sky, Tenchi saw the blade flash once, and then 
point down. The figures speed
increased vastly as he dropped out of the sky, and as he stabbed into the 
water, Tenchi could see the air
gather around the outline of the person. There was a shockwave that came 
rippling out from the point of the
sword that had touched the water. It rushed past Tenchi, but there was no 
sound. No rushing of wind, no
blast. nothing. It felt so strange that Tenchi wasn't sure that it had 
happened. He was certain that it had
when the two foot wave came rushing outwards from the figure, still stood on 
top of the lake, a split second
later. tenchi moved backwards, but his feet and legs still got very wet from 
the wave that had been sent in all
directions. Tenchi looked up to see the figure moving towards the edge of 
the lake. It was definitely male,
that was for certain. The shape was wrong for it to be a girl. As the figure 
moved closer, Tenchi could start
to make him out better. He couldn't believe it when the figure finally 
reached the shore. As Isamu stepped
off the lake and onto the lakeside, he saw the look on Tenchi's face. This 
wasn't going to be easy. Isamu
had never tried to explain his gift to anyone before. He was kind of glad it 
was Tenchi though. He seemed a
genuine person, and judging by his housemates, he might be able to accept 
this. Isamu sheathed his sword,
and walked up towards Tenchi, who was stood in open mouthed astonishment at 
Isamu's morning ritual. He
was the only one in his school who ever rose before dawn, and he practised 
this since he had found out
about his ability to walk on, well, pretty much anything really. He had 
always practised on lakes though.
The quiet peaceful water allowed him concentrate on moving the blade. He 
didn't realise that Tenchi  wasn't
the only one who had seen the display on the lake. Beneath the water, Kiyone 
and Mihoshi were both stood
on the bridge of their ship, looking up at the surface of the lake. Mihoshi 
looked over to Kiyone "have you
ever seen anything like that before?" she asked her partner. Kiyone could 
only shake her head in disbelief.
"Wow," Mihoshi continued "that was pretty cool. I wonder if he does it every 
day? Well anyway, I'm going
back to bed. That was very cool Kiyone, but I'm tired. Let me know if he 
does anything else like that!!"
Mihoshi turned and left her partner stood on the bridge, watching the 
quietly dispersing ripples on the
surface of the lake.
"Um, I guess I should really try to explain this Tenchi." Isamu started as 
he walked up beside Tenchi and
looked back over the surface of the lake. "I've been able to do this for 
about the last six years. I found out
by accident. I fell into a lake, and the water was very deep. I don't really 
know how to swim, so I was just
floundering around in the water, and I tried to grab the surface of the 
water with my hands. I don't know
how, but I started to lift myself above the surface of the water, and ended 
up stood on top of the water. I
can't explain how I can do this, but I'll try. I imagine that I weigh 
nothing. I think about the whole surface
of the water accepting me on top of it. I don't know why, but it actually 
works. I later found out that I could
concentrate better whilst I was practising my sword techniques on the 
water." He looked at Tenchi, who was
now looking at him. he could see a slightly wild look in his eyes. Isamu 
turned around and sighed. "I
understand if this worries you. I understand if you prefer me not to be in 
the house, I will gather my things,
and will find somewhere quiet to stay whilst I seek my answers. But I must 
stay here whilst I find the
solution to my problems." He took a step towards the house, intent on 
gathering his things, and making a
small camp near the shrine.
"Wait." Tenchi said as Isamu took that first step. "I'm not worried. Believe 
me Isamu, I'm not. I'm surprised
to see someone be able to do that, but I think that it was one of the most 
beautiful things I have ever seen."
Isamu turned to face him, and bowed to him. "Thank you Tenchi, I am glad 
that you can accept this. I hope
that your housemates will share your trust." As Isamu straightened, Tenchi 
saw what else had gleamed out
on the lake. Around Isamu's neck, there was a delicate silver chain, with a 
small silver and golden three
pointed medallion. It took Tenchi a second to realise what it was. The 
lighthawk wings. He looked at the
pendant and then at Isamu. "Is something wrong Tenchi?" Isamu asked. Tenchi 
wordlessly took his
necklace out from under his shirt and showed it to Isamu. "This was sent to 
me three days ago. It is exactly
the same as yours. If I may ask, where did you get this from?" Isamu looked 
at the medallion in Tenchi's
hand, and then to the one around his neck. "My parents left it at the dojo 
when I was enrolled there. My
Sensei told me to keep it safe, because it could one day re-unite me with my 
family." Isamu took off his
chain, and placed in next to Tenchi's, to examine it closer. They were 
identical, exact to the last detail.
Isamu moved his pendant over the top of Tenchi's. They were exact, even down 
to size. Tenchi looked at
Isamu "I think that we should go and talk to my grandfather about this." 
Isamu looked at him, and nodded.
They both began walking up towards the Masaki shrine. It looked like it was 
going to be a beautiful day.
Tenchi was looking forward to a good days training. He might even be able to 
get Isamu to teach him some
of his techniques.
Tenchi's Grandfather was sat outside the door to the shrine on a cushion. He 
appeared deep in meditation as
tenchi and Isamu approached the holy place. Both of them stopped just before 
the step of the shrine, and
they both bowed in unison towards Katzuhiro. The old man opened his eyes, 
and nodded to them.
"Good morning, boys. How did you sleep last night?" Isamu and Tenchi looked 
at each other, and then
back at Tenchi's Grandfather. "Fine." they answered in unison. Katzuhiro 
looked at them both, and then at
the pendants that the two boys now wore outside of their tunics. He looked 
away for a moment, and then
spoke.
"Would you boys please sit down. I have some news that I must share with 
you." He paused as the two
boys sat down in the grass and then continued. "Those pendants that you wear 
are the two keys to a great
power. Isamu, I know that you are in contact with the part of the power that 
your 'key' allows you to use
freely. You have control over the power of water. You have not touched it to 
deeply however." He looked
at their faces, both slightly in shock. He turned his attention towards his 
grandson. "Tenchi, you have also
been in contact with your half of the power, although to a lesser degree. 
You have the power to control the
air. these are the two parts that make up the power we call the lighthawk 
wings. They are the powers of air
and water. They are part of the founding principal of the Juraian 
teachings." He stopped and looked at
Isamu, who now looked very confused. "Isamu, what do you know of your 
parents?" He asked the young
man sat before him. Isamu looked to the ground. "Nothing at all, Sir. This 
pendant is all that I have of my
family. I was enrolled in a bushido school about the same time as I was able 
to walk. I can't even remember
what they look like." He looked at the floor the whole time he said this. It 
wasn't that not having a family
had bothered him, because in a sense, he had always had a family. His Sensei 
had taught him about honour,
and proper manners and etiquette, and generally how to act in front of 
others. He had been like a father, and
Isamu was grateful to the old man. Katzuhito looked closely at Isamu. "I 
see." He said finally. "Well,
maybe you should know. But before you can understand, you must believe." He 
looked carefully at Isamu,
then at Tenchi. "Tenchi, why don't you, Isamu, and the rest of the family go 
on a trip. I'm sure that Ayeka
and Sasami would like to see their mother. It has been a while after all. 
Whilst your at their house, why
don't you ask about the pendants too. They might be able to answer your 
questions slightly better than I
can." Tenchi looked at his grandfather, slightly confused by his slightly 
mystical suggestion. He didn't
mind going back to Jurai, and he saw his grandfathers logic, there should be 
more information about the
source of the Lighthawk wings in the royal Jurian Library, but why could his 
Grandfather not explain it?
He knew almost everything about Jurai! Tenchi nodded to his Grandfather. 
"Would it be okay if we waited
a while till we go Grandfather. Ayeka won't mind waiting too long, and I 
have a few promises I have to
keep." His grandfather looked at him and smiled. "Of course Tenchi, but 
don't wait too long. Now, some
training perhaps. Let's see if we can open your minds a little." Katzuhito 
stood up and walked  to the
training yard. Tenchi and Isamu followed him out to the grounds. Tenchi and 
Isamu spent the morning
training, running through drills and practising with their bokken. Tenchi 
could see that Isamu had been in
training most of his life. Although Tenchi was very capable with the sword, 
he could tell that Isamu was a
master. His strokes were immaculately fluid, and the wooden sword seemed to 
blur around him at times.
katzuhito stopped them at about mid day. "That's enough for today boys. Why 
don't you go and see if
Sasami can make you some lunch." He suggested. Tenchi felt his stomach, 
realising that he was indeed
very hungry. Isamu looked at Tenchi "I know how you feel Tenchi, I could 
really do with something to
eat!" They bid Katzuhito farewell for the day and started their walk down 
the hill. Tenchi was thinking
about what his Grandfather had said earlier that day. Air and Water. Tenchi 
had never been able to control
the air. Maybe, in time, and with careful training, he would be able to find 
out more. Maybe that's what the
voice had meant by training his body and soul. Tenchi would find out more 
when he could. He looked
around when Isamu spoke to him. "Tenchi, how long has your Grandfather been 
teaching you bushido?" He
asked. "Quite some time," Tenchi replied, thinking about it. "Probably since 
I was about 9 years old. Why
do you ask?" Isamu looked at him. "I'm impressed Tenchi, you are a very good 
swordsman." He said. "I've
been training all day, every day for most of my life. Your Grandfather is a 
very good teacher." Tenchi
smiled. "Yes, he is. he is a very wise person, also. I've been able to go to 
him whenever I've had a problem,
and he has always been able to help me through anything." Isamu looked up at 
the sky. "You know what he
said, about you being able to control the air, and me being able to control 
water? Do you think that it is
really true? I gotta admit, I'm very curious to find out more." He looked 
back over to Tenchi "But where on
Earth is Jurai?!" He asked. Tenchi looked at him, "That one will have to 
wait for a week or two Isamu.
There are some thing we need to do before we start on that journey. But I 
have a question for you. Would
you be willing to train me over the next few weeks?" Isamu looked over at 
him, slightly shocked. "Well, I
guess so Tenchi, but your Grandfather is a very good Teacher, and I wouldn't 
want to offend him by taking
away his student! No matter how good I am with a sword, I do not think that 
I would be able to match him
in combat!" Tenchi looked over at him. "I think that my grandfather wouldn't 
mind Isamu, and besides,
your new to our little group. I wouldn't mind getting to know a bit more 
about you, and training together
will help me get to your level a little quicker." Isamu reasoned that there 
was nothing wrong with that. they
decided that they would spend time in the afternoon training. They wandered 
down to the house and went
in through the door. Everyone was sat at the table, well, not everyone. 
Ayeka and Ryoko were standing
near the door. Tenchi looked at them as he and Isamu came wandering up to 
the front porch. Ryoko was
smiling, but Ayeka was not. She had quite a stormy look on her face. Tenchi 
realised that Ryoko had
probably told them about their upcoming date. Tenchi was going to have to 
think fast here. Ryoko smiled at
tenchi as they stepped onto the porch. "Hi Tenchi! Have you reserved our 
table yet?" She asked with a
smile. Tenchi saw Ayeka's face take on a bleak look, and groaned inwardly. 
He was going to have to think
really fast. "Ah, just the two that I have been looking for!" He said, his 
smile echoing Ryoko's. Ayeka was
caught off guard, and looked a little confused. Tenchi continued to smile "I 
want to talk to both of you,
now, if neither of you mind." Now Ryoko was looking a bit confused as well. 
Tenchi looked at Isamu, who
was grinning slightly. "Isamu, Sasami should be able to put you some lunch 
together, I think she's in the
kitchen." Isamu nodded, and walked into the kitchen, continuing to grin. 
Tenchi looked at the two confused
looking ladies on the porch. "I could really do with a walk, would you like 
to go to the cherry groves?"
Both women nodded, still not sure of what was going on. Tenchi silently 
started to walk up to the cherry
groves. Ayeka walked to his left, whilst Ryoko hovered slightly to his 
right. Tenchi walked silently, trying
to think how he was going to do this. He couldn't cancel his date with 
Ryoko, she had saved his life after
all, but if he was going to decide, he had to treat both women equally. This 
couldn't be resolved easily, but
Tenchi would have to pick. He figured if he was honest, both women would 
accept his decision. He was
going to have to assert himself here, something he didn't often do, but he 
needed to do this so he could
concentrate on his training. He was probably going to hurt both of their 
feeling quite a lot by what he was
going to do next, but he had to do this. They would understand soon enough. 
As they reached the cherry
grove, Tenchi sat down and looked at the ladies, who sat down facing him. 
"Well, Ayeka, I should start
with you, as you're looking very put out with me right now." Ayeka looked at 
him, her lavender eyes
conveyed a lot of pain. "Lord Tenchi, are you taking Ryoko out on a date?" 
She asked simply. Tenchi
looked into her eyes "Yes, Ayeka, I am. But, I will be taking you out on a 
date soon also, if you wouldn't
mind coming out with me?" "WHAT?!" He heard Ryoko shout. "Please, Ryoko, let 
me finish. Ayeka, I
would have asked both you and Ryoko out on dates in the next few days. I 
have learned a few things
recently. I cannot have this insane banter between you and Ryoko over who 
deserves to be with me." Both
of the girls were looking really shocked now. "I need to be able to focus on 
a task, and if I have you both
fighting over me, I'll be too busy re-building the house to concentrate on 
it! I will make my decision soon.
I promise both of you this now. But I must do something first. I must decide 
who I want to be with, not let
you decide for me. I'm sorry if I'm upsetting you by saying these things, 
but they had to be said eventually.
You have both been as bad as each other in this matter, constantly bickering 
over who has the right to be
with me, and I have been worse. I have been too busy trying to avoid this 
situation to do anything about it.
It has resulted in some chaotic times, and a few home 'improvements'. I'm 
sorry to both of you that I haven't
said this up until now but please stop fighting over me. I may be the object 
of your affections, but you've
been too busy waging your own personal war that you haven't noticed that 
I've changed." They both looked
at him, utterly shocked. Tenchi hated himself at that moment, as he looked 
into their eyes, he realised the
things that he had said had stung both of them harder than one hundred 
slaps. He had to continue, he had to
stop the madness, lest they all end up dead. Now it was Ryoko's turn. 
"Ryoko." he said, looking at her
yellow eyes. they were also filled with pain at this time. "I want you to 
know that I am eternally grateful to
you for saving my life. I really am. I'm looking forward to our date, if you 
still want to go with me. I can
understand if you don't right now. I'm not saying this to hurt either of 
you, just to make you realise that I
am not a prize to be fought over. I would like to date both of you for a 
while, and, well, get to know you
better. I know that you are both important people, and I know your 
backgrounds, but I don't know all that
much about either of you. You've been to busy fighting over me to open up to 
me. I want to know the
people inside the princess and inside the pirate! I want to see the thing 
that you like, know the things that
you hate, know what your favourite colour is, what your childhood was like, 
things like that. I don't know
any of this about either of you. but I have to find out if I am to make my 
choice." Tenchi finished. He
looked at them both. They didn't look as hurt now, but Tenchi still wanted 
to find a quiet place and throw
up a couple of times. He had never wanted to hurt either of these women. 
They had been a fundamental
part of his life for a long time, and he loved both of them. he really did. 
Seeing them like this tore at his
heart, but he had to. His resolve won out over his nausea. Both women looked 
at each other, and then at
Tenchi. "Ryoko, would you like the first date with Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka 
asked. Ryoko looked over at her.
"Yes please, Ayeka. I did have to ask him, after all!" She said, even 
managing an impish grin. Tenchi
looked at them both, his face shocked. "So does this mean that you aren't 
earth shatteringly mad at me
then?" He asked dubiously "Tenchi, you've just made me realise what a waste 
of time it has been to fight
over you, because neither of us had taken your feelings into account. I was 
just taken aback by the way that
it had all spilled out then. I'm not angry at you, I'm quite glad you said 
it. I was beginning to get tired of
fighting all the time!" Ayeka replied, starting to smile also. Ryoko looked 
over to Tenchi "I was going to
say about the same thing!" She said, and started to laugh. Tenchi felt 
relieved to the core of his being. He
never wanted either of these women to hate him, and he was so afraid that he 
had just done that. He started
to laugh himself, out of sheer relief if nothing else. He looked at them 
smiling. "Well, I just want to thank
you both. You have been really understanding. I'm afraid that I have to go 
now. I have to train with Isamu
now. I'll start making plans!" He smiled and he waved to them as he left the 
cherry grove. Ayeka and
Ryoko looked at each other. "You know, I think that he's starting to really 
grow up now." Ryoko said to
Ayeka. "I would never have expected him to say that a year ago, or now even. 
It just shows how much
people change." "Truly," Ayeka agreed. "Well, I guess that Lord Tenchi has 
just effectively ended our little
war over him. I think he's made it clear that he will choose who he wants to 
be with." She laughed a little
laugh. Ryoko looked over at her. "What's so funny Ayeka?" She asked, looking 
at the princess a little
suspiciously. "Oh nothing much," Ayeka answered between giggles. "I just had 
a crazy thought, that's all.
What would happen if he still couldn't make his mind up, now that we are not 
allowed to fight? You
couldn't really call a tie on this could you?" Ryoko thought about this, and 
started to giggle also. Although
the matter was serious to her, the most serious thing in her life, she could 
still share a giggle whilst she
imagined the pained look of indecision on Tenchi's face after a series of 
dates. "I don't know what would
happen then, maybe we could share him?" They both looked at each other for a 
moment. "Nahhh!" the
reply came shortly before both girls started to laugh some more. Once they 
had got over their fit of giggles,
Ryoko stood up, and held her hand out to Ayeka. "No more malice Ayeka, we 
haven't gotten on in the past,
but for the sake of keeping the peace, let's shake and call it a day." Ayeka 
looked up at her. "Thanks
Ryoko." She said, taking her hand and standing up. " You know, for a pirate, 
you're quite a nice person,
when we aren't arguing." She commented. Ryoko grinned "And for a princess, 
you're okay too, when you
get past all that formality." She said, even as she vanished. Ayeka started 
to walk back to the house with a
small grin. By being civil, they had managed to end a war. The ball was in 
Tenchi's court now.
Tenchi went to meet Isamu down by the lake. He saw Isamu stood talking with 
Kiyone, and heard their
words as they approached.  ".... I think that Tenchi is a very good 
swordsman. he will be one of the greatest
the more he practices." Isamu was saying. Tenchi felt a small surge of pride 
at hearing Isamu say that. He
liked Isamu, he was a fairly simple, seemingly carefree guy. They shared a 
common goal, and they had
some common ground for a good friendship. Tenchi really hoped that Isamu 
liked him too, although it was
a bit silly to assume so, as this was only the second day that he had known 
him. Kiyone looked at Isamu.
"Is he as good as you though Isamu?" she asked. Tenchi had to smile. Kiyone 
seemed to take a special
interest in Isamu. Maybe it was when she saw him that first night in the 
temple, and he was a fairly well
built guy. Not really muscular, as toned. It was visible in everything he 
did. It looked like his body was
sculpted, and he seemed very sure of himself. Isamu looked back at Kiyone 
"Not yet Kiyone, but once he's
been practising for the same amount of time that I have, I'm certain that 
he'll be better, For someone with
the practice he's had, he is very good. I think Tenchi fits the sword 
naturally, whereas I really have to
practice every day. I'm serious, he's going to be one of the greats!" Isamu 
smiled at Kiyone, and she started
to blush slightly. Kiyone looked away for moment to try and hide the blush. 
Get a grip Kiyone! He's only a
guy, the silent thought echoed around her head. Although he was tall, had 
nice hair and good manners, was
well built, and had a very cute smile, it added, almost as an afterthought. 
Her blush increased. "Um, is
everything okay miss Kiyone?" Isamu asked, looking at her "You've gone a 
little bit red." Kiyone looked at
him, and gave him a nervous smile. "Um, everything is fine, Isamu. Ah, 
here's Tenchi!" She exclaimed as
he approached the spot where they were stood. "Well, I better leave you two 
to your practice!" She said
quickly, and wandered off into the house. Isamu looked at her as she left, 
smiling to himself. He turned to
Tenchi, "Hi Tenchi! Sasami told me to give this to you, I think it's your 
lunch. She is a very good cook!"
He exclaimed as Tenchi approached. "Thanks, Isamu!" Tenchi said, taking the 
carefully wrapped package
from Isamu. It was indeed his lunch. Tenchi and Isamu talked of unimportant 
things as he sat by the lake,
eating his lunch. When Tenchi had finished, Isamu stood up, and went over to 
where he had set up a
striking post. He picked up the two bokken from where they had been set 
against the post, and handed one
to Tenchi. "Well, we might as well get things started then." Isamu said, 
"Are you sure that this won't bother
your Grandfather Tenchi? I really don't want to cause any hassle in the 
family!" Tenchi thought about it for
a second. "Nope, he won't mind, as long as I still do the chores around the 
shrine, there shouldn't be any
problems, he'd probably be quite happy that I'm learning more about the 
sword." Isamu nodded. "Right
then," He said. "Take an attacking stance, and attack me." Isamu took up a 
defensive stance to match
Tenchi's offensive. Tenchi was eager to learn, and started to attack all out 
on Isamu. He was amazed at the
speed Isamu possessed, he seemed to have countered the blows before Tenchi 
had thrown half of them, but
he never attacked back. Tenchi attacked Isamu for about fifteen minutes 
before Isamu signalled for a stop.
"Tenchi, you have very good attacks, but your speed needs some improvement. 
I sort of noticed that earlier
today. Your Technique is good, but I've not really seen it before, so I 
think we'll work on your speed first.
I think it might be better if I tried to learn your technique from you and 
your Grandfather. If I could
combine them, the resulting style could be very interesting." He pointed out 
four places on the post. "I want
you to hit these four spots, exactly, two hundred times. Your speed will 
develop as you go along." Tenchi
looked over at Tenchi. Tenchi nodded and took his stance facing the post.

End chapter 2


