The Return of Trakal   
 --- ------ -- ------


    Chapter 1: Resurrection.

    
    Washuu moved her laser scalpel with incredible precision, mending organs,
 fusing veins, arteries, and capillaries, repairing nerve and muscle tissue. 
 Once that was complete, she began to fuse the skin surrounding these 
 organs, working so meticulously that there was no sign of a scar once her 
 task was completed.
    She moved to the right side of the surgical table and began fusing veins,
 capilaries, and arteries. Then, she began fusing organic muscle to its 
 artificial equivalent, and skin to steel. Her task complete, Washuu stood
 back for a moment, then hooked up her life support computer and began
 slowly trying to pump life back into her patient.
    She'd taken the body originally for experimentation, but when she'd
 found out who he was and how he'd died, she could not bring herself to 
 dessecrating his body and devoted herself to healing him.
    She smiled with satisfaction as he began breathing on his own. Once he 
 was taking in oxygen, she'd be able to reprogram the computer implant in
 his brain, feeding it with the data she'd collected from the damaged 
 implant she'd replaced. He'd have partial amnesia, but all the important
 stuff was intact, his identity, all his physical and mental talents; all
 the things that made him who he was up to a point.
    
    Silver eyes opened and stared out onto a room they'd never seen before.
 A metallic hand reached up, instinctively, to scratch an itch before Washuu
 could stop it and swatted its own owner hard enough to nearly knock him
 unconscious. Washuu grimaced on behalf of her patient. He studied the arm
 like he'd never seen it before; and as far as he was concerned, he never 
 had.

    He remembered, Ratala IV, his family and friends, and the day Kagato 
 came and took all that away. He remembered hands reaching out and picking
 him up, hands with no fur on them and a kindly bearded face with blond
 hair. There was a little girl on the spaceship he'd been on, with a blond
 ponytail and big blue eyes, and she'd wanted to play with him, but he was
 very scared and angry and didn't want to play.  He wanted to kill the man
 who'd killed his mother. He remembered all of that, and he remembered 
 travelling from world to world, searching (for Kagato?). He felt there had
 been someone else involved, but he didn't know who he or she or they were.
 Lt. Trakal, First Class Operative and the top member of the fabled Special
 Section, had forgotten, entirely, that he was a member of the Galaxy Police.


    Chapter 2: 

    Ayeka, Tenchi, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, Nobuyuki and Yosho had sat down
 to dinner when Washuu and Trakal arrived. Ryoko, who'd just taken a sip of
 tea, spluttered in shock when she saw Trakal, getting tea all over Tenchi,
 who was too busy being in shock himself to notice. The last time he'd seen
 Trakal, the creature had been horribly mutilated. Now he was alive and
 well.
    "You seem terribly familiar, but I can't seem to place your face. 
 Please, forgive me if that seems rude." Ayeka told him.
    "No apologies neccessary." Trakal assured her. "Perhaps you saw me in
 a crowd once a long time ago?"
    "It's possible..." Ayeka admitted. 
    "Hello," a bubbly voice came from the door, "I hope I haven't missed
 dinner. I'm sorry I'm so late,  but." The blue eyes that belong to the
 voice's owner recognzed Trakal. "Hey! I don't believe it, I haven't seen
 you in ages!  How are you?"
    Trakal recognized her. It was the girl from the spaceship. She was
 grown up now, but it was her.
    "I'm okay." He replied. He saw the blue haired girl standing next to 
 her. The second girl's hair was long and spiked and she was wearing a
 rather provocative outfit. "Who's the young lady with you? She's very
 attractive." He stood up, offering his spot to Ryoko and leading her over
 to it in a rather gallant manner. He kissed her knuckles, graciously, and
 got a shock across his muzzle. "My apologies. I should not have been so
 forward with a woman I had just met. But your beauty entranced me, and I
 became a slave to my love for you and... (he slapped himself). What am
 I saying? How can I love a woman I've just met? I'm sorry. I'd better shut
 my muzzle before I mess up again."
    "Good idea." Ryoko nodded.
    Trakal helped Mihoshi into her spot, then sat down himself.
    His eyes never left Ryoko.
    "Well well," Ayeka seemed quite amused, "I think he likes you, Ryoko."     
    The doorbell rang.
    "I'll get it." Tenchi said, valiantly.
    "If its a salesman we don't want any." Yousho called out.
    "Unless it's scientific equipment." Washuu amended.
    "Especially scientific equipment." Nobuyuki amended. 
      
    Tenchi opened the door and was immediately drawn into a frantic 
 embrace. "Ayeka," he called, "its for you."
    Ayeka walked into the hallway. "It is good to..."
    "grrrrrrr."
    Ayeka went kawaii and threw out her arms. "Mommy!!!" She cried out.
    Misaki hugged her daughter and cuddled her.
    Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Ryo-ohki, and Trakal walked into the living room 
 to visit with Misaki.
    Misaki took one look at Trakal and went into her mega-kawaii mode.
    "Oh! How cute!!!" She cried out, glomping onto Trakal, cuddling and
 *petting* him.  "Ayeka, why didn't you tell me you got a new pet? He's just
 so adorable!"
    Ryoko couldn't contain herself and burst out laughing.
    Trakal felt terribly insulted, but decided the woman was just nearsighted
 and didn't mean any harm.
    "You really should get a collar for him."  She said. "You don't want the
 pound to pick him up if he gets out.  He is housebroken, isn't he?"
    That was the last straw.
    "I am a *DRAALTHI!*" He exploded in Misaki's face. Without another word,
 he turned and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him. 
    Misaki followed, oblivious to his anger. "Awwww, wassamatta?" She asked.       
 "Oh, I know! You must need a fleabath. You poor thing."
    Fleabath?!
    Trakal tried to flea and protest but Misaki dragged him off to the onsen.
    Within minutes, Trakal was naked (how embarrassing!) in the bath looking
 very annoyed while Misaki scrubbed his fur, a little too roughly.
    "That's a good boy." Misaki praised.
    Trakal was very annoyed.
    Finally, Misaki rinsed him off and dragged him out of the bath, towelling
 him off.  He pulled his clothes on and started for the door.
    "Wait!" she cried out. "I'm not finished yet."
    She hurried over to Trakal and tied a cute little ribbon around his neck.
    He moved to take it off and she became incensed. He decided it would be
 a good idea to leave it on.

