By: Ethan Anderson

Disclaimer: Okay I don't own any characters made by AIC but all the 
charcters made by me are mine. If you can't figure them out then watch the 
Tenchi series there are some big hints there.

Forward: Hi everyone who decides to read my Fanfic, this is my first attempt 
at one so please give me some credit for that. This story is about Tenchi my 
absolute favourite anime series and as a result I am rather angry at the 
lack of a third OAV series so I have decided to wright one instead, this is 
all based on some vague ideas I have about the series and will introduce a 
lot of new stuff that is not in it, bascially this is just an all out war 
and I hope you enjoy it as much as I enjoy writing it.

		Transcendence of Eternity a Tenchi Muyo! Fanfic (OAV III)

		" The beginning is always the hardest place to start "
				An anonymous person.

		Act 1: The Call to Power Prologue: Unity Calls

The silence of space was broken by the sound of a sub-space portal opening 
up. Lightning tore through reality as powerful forces ripped apart all the 
space around the door . The portal continued to open until it was the size 
of a small moon. A huge single ship appeared at the entrance of the gateway 
and slowly made its way out. The gateway remained  open until the ship was 
through. It then collapsed on itself in a brilliant flash of blinding light.
The monolithic ship  was nearly as massive as Triton . The hull was 
decorated with strange runes and weird hieroglyphics. Outlandish alien-like 
weapons adorned the port and starboard sides of the ship . Massive bolts of 
energy from the front of the ship arced their way across the hull and into 
deep space .
As the ship continued on its way, another distortion appeared in front of 
it, and a second door opened widely enough for the ship to fit into. The 
ship came to a halt. A few minutes later, a tiny shuttlecraft launched from 
the side and sped into the doorway.  A few seconds after it entered, the 
door slammed abruptly shut, leaving the ship in space alone.
"Well, it looks like that invitation was legit after all." Queltren said as 
he looked on at the main view screen.
"Yes, it would seem that way, but remember who we are dealing with. This is 
no harmless bug. It's Queen Futora - and if she wishes, we can all be killed 
at a moment's notice." Ulantra replied coldly.
"Well, yes, you are quite right, if you put it that way," laughed Queltren 
as he took a seat next to Ulantra. "Futora can be more dangerous than a 
praying mantis during mating season."
"Any higher dimensional being can be more dangerous than any type of female 
during mating season." countered Ulantra. "But that is not our concern at 
this time. We have an important mission to complete while we are here. As 
you know, if we fail, our entire race is doomed and if we all die, who will 
stop the dark one from claiming her right to conquest?" He sighed. "Its just 
not fair that our race is stuck with this sort of job, considering we are 
the most powerful empire in this sector of space it is our duty to defend it 
to the last.."
" But our technology is far inferior to harm a higher dimensional being, so 
the Hive orders us to come here to get the help of one." Queltren 
interreupted. "Great plan, but I am still against it completely - after all, 
we never have had to go anywhere for help in the past we climbed up the 
evolutionary ladder and technology tree by ourselves and we've done damn 
well  if you ask me."
" Yes we have and I agree with you on every point there - but an order is an 
order and like it or not, our technology is simply inferior to even our 
neighbours. The only way we have ever been able to keep a foothold is by our 
ability to reproduce fast and adapt, to any environment, be that vacuum or 
other. Futora may be one of the most radical of the high beings but we have 
no choice - we must seek her counsel on this matter. " With that, Ulantra 
programmed the final co-ordinates into the shuttles computer and laid back 
to relax.
The shuttle continued on its way inside the confined galaxy. It made its way 
past star systems, all of them filled with civilisations that had barely 
clambered  onto their two feet. The galaxy seemed to be almost watching them 
as they made their way to their meeting with Queen Futora. The shuttle 
approached a large hive-like structure that appeared to defy all the known 
laws of physics.  It was made out of a living organ of sorts, pulsating 
every second. The ship flew close to the structure then applied braking 
thrusters and landed.
The landing pad opened up and three people made there way out of the 
shuttle. A cloaked figure was waiting to greet them. All that was visible to 
them was a cloak eerily floating in the air. His face, arms and legs, in 
fact his entire body, was completely invisible.
" Welcome to Queen Futora's realm." he entoned. "I am Zeonate one of Queen 
Futora's loyal servants. She has been awaiting your arrival and will be 
waiting for you inside." With that, he lead them into the massive structure.
"Queltren, sir, I must report that I am getting life form readings from the 
actual walls, they appear to be breathing. " Z5  said as he continued to 
analyse the structure. He  swept his scans all over the interior walls, 
picking up even more unusual life form readings all over the place. "The 
existence of these life forms are impossible for they also touch the vacuum 
of space as well. "
Sensing, Z5's uneasiness, Zeonate turned to face him.  "This entire 
dimension conforms to the will of Queen Futora. Everything here is beyond 
your comprehension and understanding - just accept what you see as the will 
of Futora."
The group continued walking  through the structure of the hive, passing 
laying grounds  where massive creatures were laying eggs of some sort and 
workers were carrying them off to be tended. Eventually, they arrived at a 
large corridor.
"Beyond there is the antechamber," pointed Zeonate. "I have other business 
to attend to so I must be off"  he added. With that, he vanished.
Queltren felt uneasy in the long corridor. His heart was thumping like a 
trip hammer , despite the fact that he had been in hives before - for crying 
out loud he'd been born in one  - so the trip down was not too uncomfortable 
- with the exception of Z5's comments. However, he was used to massive 
laying chambers and feeding grounds. This hallway looked like the ones used 
for their burial chambers.
"You would be correct in that assumption, but I am not too surprised - 
seeing how our burial chambers are based on our planet's precivilisation 
that had dwelt there." Z5 commented. "They could have built them thinking 
they would all end up with the Queen."
" Stupid thinking if you ask me, but that would not surprise me at all - 
well are we going to... " Queltren froze, looking around in horror. He could 
not believe what he was seeing - the wall behind them had overgrown locking 
them inside.
" Well we have no way of returning that's for sure. " he said in dismay.
Ulantra nodded grimly. "Let's head to our fate, shall we?" he said, looking 
behind him.
" We have no choice. " Queltren replied. The three of them began the long 
walk down the hallway.

					*

A small ant like creature flew into the room breaking the silence and 
stillness of space. It landed in the middle  and outstetched its wings.  
energy begun to pulsate through its small body making it's wings glow white 
with energy. As the energy dimmed the ant like creature swept its wings 
behind its back and stood up.
"You are too kind, your Majesty," said the ant as she sat down comfortably.
"You have news to tell me, have you not, Seltra ? " said a soothing voice 
that echoed through Seltra's mind.
"Yes, your Majesty is most wise. The news I bring you is most important and 
has to do with an old acquaintance of yours. "
"An old acquaintance you say - and just who would that be?"
"I am not too sure. I failed to get a definite name for you, but I was able 
to find out some rather surprising information."
" What information would that be Seltra? "
"In the Jurai sector of space, a boy was found who could generate Light Hawk 
Wings. "
"You mean the dreaded Light Hawk Wings, the ones that can destroy me and my 
sisters!" Futora exclaimed  in anger and fright.
" Yes, your Majesty, that is it. I am not too sure, but I think it was 
Tsunami who created this boy. "
" Tsunami! That treacherous fiend.. how dare she create a weapon to destroy 
me?"
" Your Majesty, this boy may not have been made to destroy you, I believe 
Tsunami's memory may have been a bit distorted. "
" Distorted - how? "
" Her higher level form was destroyed. It would seem, so was Washu's."
" I see and what of Tokimi? "
" I never heard anything from her. If she is still alive, I believe she is 
hiding from us or from someone else. "
" Very well. So, it would seem that we have a possible betrayal of trust of 
the pact we agreed on. I must tell my other sisters of this at once. "
" Your Majesty, I must remind you that you have visitors from the Insectoid 
Empire here to see you. "
" Yes I know. Seltra, how would you like to be reassigned to a simple 
'diplomatic' assignment for me?"
" And that would be what your majesty?"
"I believe it is the responsibility of the Insectoid Empire to protect this 
area of space from harm. They know this through simple logic. They also have 
detected what I felt 1 year ago, the feeling of dread and terror that 
flooded throughout the universe, a feeling that said something big is about 
to happen. Maybe not now, but soon. I was thinking seeing that the "enemy" 
was felt in the direction of Tsunami's location I would send both them and 
you there  - that way I am killing several birds with a single stone. "
"And if Tsunami was plotting our deaths I could intervene and kill her for 
you - she seems to be in a weakened state. "
"Yes, but I would not recommend you killing her outright - when we were 
friends she was a tremendous fighter during the aeon of chaos. No, Seltra - 
I will boost your form and alter you genetically to be my champion and 
protector."
"Your Majesty is too kind."
"After you find out what is going on I want a full report immediately and 
then I will tell you how to act understand. "
"Your will is my command. "
"Good. This will give me enough time to consult my sisters about the evil 
that I felt and the potential threat of Tsunami. "
"Your Majesty, could they be the one and the same? "
"Maybe, but that is why you are being sent to investigate. "
"I see. But what if Tsunami or her sisters see through our ploy? "
"If what you have told me is correct, then we have no need to worry. If 
indeed Tsunami and Washu's memories are distorted through the destruction of 
their higher forms, then we have nothing to fear from them finding out. 
Besides, you told me Tokimi is in hiding, so it would seem that we have a 
slight upper hand in this area. "
"Then how could she create a weapon to destroy you if she has forgotten you? 
"
"I don't know but that is why you are been sent to investigate."
"Very well your majesty. I will now head towards the evolution chamber and 
await your further orders."
"Good I shall inform you when your evolution is complete. Dismissed," 
finished Futora, as Seltra finally left room.
Futora glares straight ahead. "Well it looks like my days of rest are over," 
she snapped at no one in particular. "I hope you still honour our agreement, 
dear friend, for I would hate to have to sign the order to terminate your 
life. "

					*

The door to the antechamber opened up, easily  allowing the three to enter 
Queen Futora's personal chambers. The room that they entered was large and 
unlike the others this one was made out of large marble and stone. The three 
entered inside, marvelling at its beauty and grandeur. Huge pillars of white 
marble sprung up into the sky stretching for all eternity into the stars. 
There were six of them all at the corners of a huge hexagon, there were no 
walls save the door they had entered, but even that had disappeared seconds 
after it closed leaving them feeling trapped once more.
Queltren felt uneasy yet very peaceful in the room. He could tell that this 
was a place of extreme power and that the Queen wanted everyone who entered 
it to know just that. The three of them walked on slowly into the centre of 
the room when it suddenly lit up and they felt it, a massive surge of energy 
flowing through them all.
" Higher dimensional activity has been detected " Z5 said as the room was 
filled with bright warm light.
"I welcome you to my domain." Futora said as she materialised in front of 
them. Her voice was soothing and almost seductive to their ears. Queltren 
could only look on in amazement before him was the most beautiful Queen he 
had ever seen in his life. She was easily thirty feet high with bright 
purple and blue colours across her body. She had two large yellow and orange 
coloured wings that were over ten times his size. She was a sort of a cross 
between a bee, an ant and a termite but unlike some of these crossovers (he 
had seen many revolting mismatches in his life time) she was beautiful and 
almost calming and soothing to look at.
" I trust your trip to my chamber was comfortable and unnerving. " said the 
Queen in that soothing voice of hers.
" Yes it was your Majesty" answered Queltren, trying not to be overwhelmed 
by her voice echoing inside his head.
" I know why you are here - it is for help and consultation. I am aware of 
your problems and know how to assist. You have felt the disturbance in the 
universe and have come to the conclusion that it is been caused by another 
higher being like myself. " Futora said as she relaxed into the lower 
dimension.
" Yes your Majesty is correct. Our Hive has picked up the disturbance and it 
seems to match those recorded about ten thousand years ago about a similar 
disturbance involving warring goddesses. " said Ulantra bravely as his 
confidence level returned to him.
" I see you have access to many ancient data files, the war you speak of I 
only heard of and did not participate in. This threat seems to be directed 
at the universe itself. " Futora said.
" Your Majesty, we are not a race to seek counsel from one as such as 
yourself, and there are many who see this as an act of high treason so we 
need your help fast. " Ulantra said.
"Don't get cocky - remember who she is!" hissed Queltren.
"Yes I see your position, as probably one of the few races that has climbed 
up the ladder of progress without help and stayed at the top it must be 
hard. But now is a time of great peril as you have sensed. I will help you 
by giving you directions to another race that may be of some assistance. 
They are called the Juraians and they posses technology that blends in with 
there eco-system. These people are the most powerful in the universe and 
they will be able to help you with technology and aid if you use cunning and 
the right diplomatic approach. " Futora said as the three listened to her 
every word.
"Well, what will these 'Juraians' have to offer us?" Ulantra asked.
"They posses the most powerful defensive/offensive unit available, the Light 
Hawk Wing. I believe they will never give up this secret but they may be 
willing to help you and lend a hand in the coming crisis. " Futora replied.
" What is a 'Light Hawk Wing', your Majesty? " asked Z5 out of interest.
" A Light Hawk Wing has the ability to disintegrate energy into a harmless 
substance. It can also be used as a weapon. To my knowledge there are only 
two types of energy lower dimensions can produce that can harm higher 
beings, and these are the Light Hawk Wings and the Light Of Judgement. The 
Light Of Judgement is almost impossible to produce and has no defensive 
properties. " Futora told him.
" Your majesty not to be rude, but we also need an immediate solution so 
that we can throw of some of the blocks to this move in the Hive. " Queltren 
said in a worried voice.
" Yes I had thought you would need one. That is why I am giving you the next 
best thing in defence to the Light Hawk Wing, which is the Universal Defence 
Grid." Futora said. "This electro-magnetic defence is kept constantly 
repaired by a multitude  of nanobots who repair any breach in the integrity 
of the grid. It is my gift to you and proof of my aid. But in return, I ask 
that a servant of mine, Seltra, go along with you, so to help you on your 
task and prevent any unfortunate 'mishaps' along the way. "
Futora suddenly felt a distant call from one of her sisters and decided that 
it was time to leave. "I am sorry, but I must leave. A most urgent matter 
has come up and I must leave at once. Good luck and I shall meet with you 
latter. " She vanished from them.
"Well that was more than what we expected. " Said Queltren as he continued 
to look bewilded at the air (or lack thereof) in front of him.
"Yes it would seem that she is concerned with what is about to happen. I 
suppose we have to tell this to the hive and be on our way," replied 
Ulantra. As he finished, the door behind them opened up and all three 
entered and left the antechamber.

					*

" Well that was overwhelming and unexpected. " Queltren said as they begun 
the walk back down the hallway.
"It would seem that the Queen seeks allies in this time of need. We should 
try and convince the Hive to do the same. Even though we are an isolationist 
race, we must now give that up and embrace our responsibility. " Z5 replied.
The three of them continued to walk down the hallway until they reached the 
end (about an hour later) of it.
" Well how the hell do we get out of here? This wall is still overgrown. " 
Ulantra said in annoyance. As he finished, a cloaked figure appeared before 
them.
" I trust your meeting with Queen Futora went according to plan." Zeonate 
said from behind them. "0I have been informed that you need the technical 
specs for the UDG, which is waiting for you aboard your shuttle along with a 
working unit,"
Queltren nearly jumped a mile from the voice behind him, and turned around 
annoyed. "Did you have to do that? I shed my skin prematurely. "
" I apologise for startling you. If you would follow me I can lead you out. 
" Zeonate then pointed to the wall in front of him, which repulsed from his 
touch and opened up revealing the spaceport.
" How the hell did we get here so fast?" Queltren said looking out of the 
hole in the wall.
" Sub-space portal is the easiest explanation. We must be on our way if we 
wish to get to Alpha-Prime in time for the Hive meeting. " Z5 said.
" The Queen informed me that Seltra will be accompanying you on your 
journey. If you wait here awhile she will be with you shortly," said Zeonate 
as he walked them outside. " I must now be off I have business to attend to. 
" With that he left.
" Well, it looks like were stuck here till God knows when. " Queltren 
mumbled under his breath.

					*

Seltra slowly woke up from her sleep. Her evolution was complete and she 
felt stronger then ever before. She walked over to one of the diamonds in 
the room and looked at her reflection - she was shocked and pleased to see 
that the Queen had decided to add to her beauty as well as to her power.
A door opened up behind her and she begun to walk over to it when she felt 
the Queen enter the chamber.
{ Seltra you know your mission, do not fail me.. } Said the Queens voice 
inside her head. After that she felt the Queen leave and continued walking 
towards the door.
As she walked out, she saw the three visitors from the Insectoid Empire 
waiting for her. One was a large black scarab of sorts and looked strong 
(but not very smart) the other was a male ant (she was surprised at first to 
see two males from the Hive alive and independent, let alone a male ant, for 
they usually ended up either locked up as the Alpha for the Queen of the 
Hive or as a drone) who seemed to look rather smart (that surprised her as 
well) and not very strong. The third was a droid (you could tell, because it 
looked nothing like a living insect) that looked like a humanoid.
" Well my name is Seltra and it looks like I have to babysit you," she said 
as she walked out into the open.
" My name is Ulantra, this is Queltren and this here is Z5, a 12th series 
robot. " Ulantra said as he looked at her in amazement.
Queltren again found it hard not to stare openly, and decided to try to 
ignore her looks and to get on with the job at hand. " W..W...W..Well should 
we..we..we be getting on our way now. " Queltren said cursing himself over 
and over again.
" Yes I would agree with you on that point. " Seltra said trying not to 
laugh at Queltren's uneasiness. The three of them walked down to the shuttle 
and boarded it. A few seconds later the shuttle fired its engines and lifted 
up from its landing pad and sped off into the vast distance of space.

					*

It had been two hours since they had arrived at the conference room with the 
Queen of the Insectoid Empire and her main advisors. Not everyone had  
arrived yet; only four of the main six Hive Queens were present and not even 
all the main Queens advisors had arrived or sorted themselves out.
Seltra had taken a seat next to Ulantra and some pompous bitch of an advisor 
who decided to snub her completely. She had decided to stay, as far away 
from Queltren as possible as she felt uncomfortable near him after an 
incident she would rather forget. The main room was large and seemed to be 
made of stone and marble not living tissue like the rest of the planet was. 
This may be because the room was built on an area of power supposedly were 
the first Queen of the Insectoid race was conceived.
After another hour everyone had arrived and was settled down and ready for 
the meeting. " My most loyal subjects and advisors, I have brought you all 
hear to discuss in private from the rest of the Hive, the matter of the 
energy we felt a couple of months ago. " Lorenda said as she brought 
everyone finally under control.
" I take it that this room is sealed and protected from Hive energy, so to 
prevent any information from leaking out to the general public," said one of 
the advisors.
" Yes, it is protected. I hate to prevent others from knowing especially 
seeing that I believe in the will of the Hive more then anyone else. But 
matters dictate this course of action, and all that is discussed here will 
be revealed soon to the public eye. " Lorenda said to calm the nerves of 
some of the Queens in the room.
"So do we even know what that energy was that we felt?" said one of the 
Queens.
"Not really, but we have a fairly certain idea that it was caused by a 
higher dimensional life form. " Ulantra said.
" A higher dimensional life form - how can you be so certain of that?" asked 
one of the Queens.
"It was the most logical conclusion we could came to. We have all felt 
energy backlashes before but this one had feeling too - almost like it was a 
foretelling of the future itself," replied Ulantra.
"A foretelling? How ridiculous! We are not going to sit around and believe 
such nonsense, are we? Come on - those myths are what the other races under 
our control believe, not what the Hive believes as lore!" mocked one of the 
Queens.
"Nevertheless, higher dimensional life forms do exist, and this was caused 
by one, a powerful one at that. " Said Queltren.
"He is correct. As you all know now I sent two members of my court to 
personally seek counsel with Queen Futora the closest higher being we could 
find," said Lorenda.
"Yes and how did this 'Queen Futora' help us in our problem?" mocked one of 
the advisors.
"By directing your race to seek counsel from the most powerful empire in the 
universe, The Jurai Empire, and asking them for help on this subject. She 
also gave you the technical specs for one of the most powerful defensive 
units in the universe the Universal Defence Grid. " Seltra replied in a 
harsh voice.
"A what?" asked one of the Queens, confused.
"A UDG - an exceptional piece of technology which can be integrated into all 
our current organic and non-organic ships immediately. The working model we 
received was fitted to our newest prototype ship and proved more then 
adequate in the type of help we were expecting. " Queltren said proudly.
"Well, if it's that good, why do we need to seek counsel and help from some 
other empire then?" asked one of the Queens.
"Because now, the universe is at a tremendous turning point, and if nothing 
is done, that point will turn to the enemy's advantage and we will lose 
everything. They already have the advantage and we need to get it back if we 
are to have any hope of winning against them." said Seltra.
"Since when did you join this empire, miss?" said one the Queens in an 
angered tone.
"She did not become a member. She is only stating a fact that if we do not 
seek help and allies, we will all die or live in servitude forever," a voice 
said from the back of the room. Everyone turned to look at were the voice 
had come from, a lone humanoid shape stood up and walked into the light.
"Charon, I see you have decided to return from your ongoing task. It is a 
pleasure to see you." Lorenda said in a cheerful mood.
"As it is you my Queen, but I have not come here to tell you that. Seltra is 
right - unless we seek counsel, we will all die. I suggest you send a small 
party - say, the representative party sent to speak to Queen Futora and 
Seltra the Queen's champion to seek their counsel," said Charon as he took a 
place around the table.
"Why do you wish to go on this journey? And why would we send the party you 
just set out?" asked one of the Queens.
" Because it's probably the best way to approach this problem. That way, if 
we die it's no big loss to the Hive and you will know if we die, because I 
have a direct connection to the Hive even though it is turned off. I also 
believe that this task could help me along with my personal quest and save 
us all allot of hassle," Charon said in response.
" I must agree with Charon on every point there. It seems most wise we need 
help and more counsel. Any objections to this course of action must be noted 
now or never." Lorenda said.
After several moments of silence Lorenda stood up " Well it is decided. We 
will send the party set out by Charon, as that is the only matter at hand I 
declare this meeting over. " With that Lorenda turned and left with her 
retinue. Several seconds later the hall was just about empty.
" Charon and party, the Queen wishes to see you in the war room at once," 
said a messenger running into the room. The five of them left the conference 
room and headed to the Queens personal war room.
Lorenda and several of her key loyal advisors were waiting for them when 
they entered the war room.
"I thank thee Charon, for thy timing. If thou didst not intervene I was sure 
they would hath decided it best to remain, luckily they see thee as a figure 
of authority and one of the few remaining Avatars of the universe." Lorenda 
said.
"Yes your Majesty. I decided to go along after I heard what was said and 
decided it a threat. " Charon said in response.
" Well anyway, all five of you have been selected or volunteered to go along 
this trip. We have decided to give you the new prototype and several of our 
best weapons and other equipment to take along. There is also a tribute in 
there to give to the Jurai emperor in case you need to buy him over. You 
depart on the hour so good luck and forward out." said Lorenda's main 
military advisor.
The Queen and her advisors left, while the five of them were escorted down 
to their ship to start on their mission.

			(Continued in Part 1: Nightmares and Revelations)

Afterword: Well that would be the end of the prologue I hope you liked it, 
well this is just a tiny part of the new characters that will be in the 
series, just for a warnning the first act will probaly for the first part 
not feature the Tenchi cast much at all, this is becauce I am trying to set 
the stage for a war, and I need to introduce all the players and elements 
that will make up that war. Well any comments should be sent to 
anime_aust@hotmail.com.
	Oh and another thing if there is anyone who would like to proof read my 
stories I would highly appreaciate it becauce my proof readers can;t do it 
all the time and as a result some of my other stories could fall behind big 
time.

