Disclaimer: You know the spiel.  I don't own the characters from _Tenchi
Muyo_, but don't try to steal or alter my story, and don't post it 
without my permission (which you can get if you ask nicely).

Pre-Note: Here it is at last, the final installment in this, my first 
complete fanfic series.  Watch and see as the loose ends tie up, tied 
ones loosen, and then get tied again.  And so on and so forth.  If you 
have enjoyed this fic, please let me know, and don't forget to vote for 
me at TMFFA.com <big wink>!  Oh yes, and of course if you absolutely 
hated this fic... well, then I doubt you'd be reading all the way to the
last chapter (unless you enjoy torturing yourself I suppose), but if you
DO hate this fic and still happen to be reading this, be sure to give me
some constructive input on the matter! ;-)

Special notice: I'd like to apologize for the longer time I took to 
write this chapter, and hope I haven't lost any fans due to impatience. 
I ran into some problems when I made a big blunder and lost the entire 
climactic scene.  Luckily, I managed to recover the majority of what I'd
lost.

Tenchi Muyo!: Trials and Fears
by "Master Kodama" (master_kodama@yahoo.com)
Chapter 5: "Tenchi's Revelation"
  (Part 1: "Who am I?")
  (Part 2: "The Battle of Fate versus Destiny")

Part 1: "Who am I?"
	Kiyone walked through the evening light to her ship.  She had said
goodbye to all of the members of the Masaki household, though thankfully
she had not seen Ray.  She would miss them, even Mihoshi, the big dope, 
but because of Ray she had to leave.
	She stood before the Yagami.  At last she had it back; after three
years the Yagami was hers once again.  So why didn't she feel happy?
	"Leaving already?" a chillingly familiar voice said from nearby.  
On cue, Ray immerged from the twilight shadows.  "It's late.  Won't you 
even stay the night?"
	"Knowing you're here makes the very idea unbearable," Kiyone shot 
back acidly.
	Ray seemed to flinch slightly in the darkness, but shadows hid his
countenance from view.
	After awhile of being glared at by Kiyone, Ray spoke again.  "I 
have lived in this universe for well near twelve-thousand years," he 
said in a low, calm tone, Kiyone slightly surprised by the incredible 
length of time.  "I have been from one side of this galaxy to the other,
but never, not in that whole time, have I met someone who has been so 
incredibly cruel to me as you have."
	Kiyone had never been more insulted and indignant.  "I was cruel 
to _you_!?"  She shouted.  "YOU!  You were cruel to me!"
	Ray said nothing, and Kiyone lowered her voice, but her eyes still 
held the same anguish and hatred.  "For a whole year you led me on.  We 
travelled the stars together, as companions.  You pretended to care 
about me..." her eyes narrowed further.  "You told me you _loved_ me...!
And once you'd had your way with me, you stole my ship and stranded me 
on a third rate planet... alone."
	His face still hidden, Ray sighed.  He spoke, in a voice 
completely devoid of malice, and his response could not have been more 
surprising, "How many times did you have to tell yourself that before 
you started really believing it was the truth?"
	"Wha... what?" Kiyone whispered.
	Ray suddenly stepped forward out of the shadows, moving so fast it
was almost a lunge, and gripping both of Kiyone's forearms in his own, 
holding her fast to the spot.  Kiyone tried to struggle free, but he was
as immovable as an iron statue, as his eyes peirced hers.
	She found that she could not look away, and could not cry out.  
The look in his eyes was so like the one that had once spellbound her, 
that night three years before....  But she despised this man!  She hated
him with all her might.  So, why was she unable -- unwilling even -- to 
break away from him now?  She was sure now that she needed only to move 
away firmly from him and he would readily yeild....
	"How long did it take you to convince yourself?" he questioned her
again.  "How many days?  Weeks?  Months?  Or are you simply an evil, 
heinous bitch who wants to cause me pain and suffering?"
	"I... I never did!" she managed to protest, her eyes still locked 
upon his eerily compelling gaze.  "You're the one who hurt me!"
	Ray was silent again for a time, and when he spoke again it was 
with a great fervor and passion.  "When I was a small boy, I had no 
mother.  I wanted to meet her, to know her, to be loved by her, but my 
family forbid it.  Some told me she was dead.  Others told me the harsh 
truth, and it hurt me.
	"Sometimes my father would tell me stories about her, to quell my 
curiousity, but it only fed the fire.  I dreamed about her, and in my 
dreams she was beautiful and kind, because my father could never speak  
a word against her.  He died young, my father did, a sad and lonely 
man cursing the world and the position he had been born into.  Do you 
think I didn't suffer?
	"After he died, I ran away from home.  I went to the Science 
Academy to find my mother, but they refused to tell me where she was.  I
used my youthful ingenuity and Juraian training to break into the 
Academy, searching for something, anything, that would tell me where she
was.  When the police caught me, they beat me into submission, and sent 
me to prison, and yes, that did hurt me.
	"So I escaped, and went after Kagato, who had stolen my mother 
away from me.  When I found him, he laughed at me, called me a pathetic 
worm, and tortured me until I screamed.  Then he left me to die on a 
dead world at the brink of the galaxy.  I lay suffering and tortured for
a thousand years or more, knowing that I lived only by the power of my 
Juraian noble blood and the kindness one individual.
	"By her grace, I was freed, and transferred to a lesser 
punishment, that of cryogenic stasis.  I remained in this state for 
another several thousand years.  When I was finally set free, I returned
to my family, but they shunned me, and so I left again.  The Royal 
Knighthood had already expelled and denounced me long before my return.
	"Hardened and embittered by years of imprisonment, I broke into GP
headquarters, to find the whereabouts of Kagato, determined to kill him.
This time the GP did not go easy.  First they shot me and then they beat
me into submission, and I was sent to a high security prision for a 
thousand years, where they sometimes beat me for no reason at all.
	"I suffered there too... but of all those wounds, none has been 
inflicted so close to my heart as the one you've given to me."
	Finally, Ray let go of her, and stepped away.
	Kiyone didn't move.  She was speachless, her eyes still locked 
with his.
	"So you think that you are the victim?" Ray continued, but much of
the fire had gone out of his voice and eyes and he just looked tired.  
"Try to remember the time we spent together, that seems so long ago.  
You were just out of the academy... we spent a lot of time together, you
and I, and we got to know each other very well..."
	"I was your parole officer!" Kiyone protested.  "We had to spend 
time together so I could keep an eye on you!"
	"Did we have to travel to all those exotic places?  See the 
galaxy?" Ray asked her.  "Was _that_ in your orders?  We were falling in
love, Kiyone...."
	"I... I don't know what you're talking about!" she muttered.
	"Yes you do," he replied.  "Kiyone, we started sharing the same 
room...!  And then, that fateful night, when we confessed our love, and 
spent the night... together...."
	He trailed off.  Kiyone had tears in her eyes.
	"And in the morning, I woke up and you were gone," he finished.
	"I had things to do!"
	"You left a note saying we should never see each other again.  I 
waited for you for weeks, but you never came back.  So... I left."
	Kiyone collapsed forward, crying, and he caught her.
	"I'm sorry!" she cried.
	"It hurt bad, Kiyone," he told her, holding her gently, delicately
like he might a flower.  "But I'd known worse.  I got over it... but 
then... you show up here, and suddenly, you hate me with a passion.  
That was the worst.  I loved you once, and you ran away from me, that 
was bad enough.  I know things can never be the same between us, but I 
thought we might at least make some amends.  But here you are, hating 
me.  What did I do to deserve that, Kiyone...?"
	"I'm sorry," she wimpered.  "I was _so_ stupid!  I fell in love 
with a convict!  I thought it would never work....  I woke up that 
morning feeling I'd become a criminal myself.  I didn't know what to do,
so I ran away."
	She sobbed a few more times, and then backed away from Ray.
	"I told myself it was your fault, that you'd tricked me, that 
you'd seduced me.  I told myself you weren't really who I thought you 
were... but you were... you are.  It was wrong of me...."
	Looking very sullen, Ray nodded, and after a moment walked away 
into the rapidly diminishing light.
	Kiyone leaned back against the hull of her ship, finally realizing
the full wait of her mistakes as darkness descended upon her, casting 
its shroud over the world.  He'd told her he loved her, and she had 
thrown that away because she thought it would compromise her career.
	His words reverberated through her consciousness, *"...things can 
never be the same..." why, why can't they be the same?*  But she knew 
the answer.  What she had done had ended anything what ever was or ever
could be.  Forever.

	Tenchi's re-entry into school and everyday normal life had been a 
little rough.  Not only had his friends and classmates pelted him with 
questions upon more questions, but his workload was enormous and many of
his teachers were more than a bit perturbed by his long term absence.  
Luckily, he had been able to excuse it as a family crisis situation.  
Which it had been, really.
	Things at home had certainly settled down, but Tenchi still 
worried.  Ryoko seemed to be avoiding him, and Ayeka was herself very 
glum and sometimes seemed even depressed.
	Tenchi sighed.  He just couldn't figure these women out.  Maybe he
had been going about this whole thing the wrong way.
	"Hey Tenchi, wait up!"
	Tenchi glanced behind him to see Mia running towards him.  He 
waved and waited for her to catch up to him.
	"I hardly got to say a word to you today!" she complained as they 
started walking together towards the bus stop.  Not for the first time, 
Tenchi wished he had a car, what with his long commute.
	"Everyone was all over you bugging you about why you were gone," 
Mia continued.  "I could hardly get a word in edgewise."
	"Yeah, well I guess I'm more popular than I thought," Tenchi 
joked.  "I should do this more often, it gets me plenty of attention."
	"So how's your grandfather doing?" Mia asked, ignoring his attempt
at humor.  Tenchi figured it probably hadn't been very funny.
	"He's doing better," Tenchi replied.
	"And how's everybody else?  Everyone doing okay?"
	Tenchi smiled, knowing that Mia had been at his house not a few 
days earlier, and that she really wanted to hear about Ray.
	"Yeah, I guess everyone's okay," he said, but then his expression 
changed to suggest otherwise.
	"So then why the long face, Tenchi?" Mia asked him, cocking her 
head to the side and giving him a concerned and curious look.
	"Ah, just the usual.  Ryoko doesn't seem to want to talk to me, 
ever since... what happened.  And Ayeka really seems depressed.  I think
she's still upset about what happened to her dad."
	"Who wouldn't be?" Mia asked rhetorically.  Her father had moved 
away when her parents separated very recently.  He had been a joking, 
laid-back  sort of guy, if a tad irresponsible for an adult.  But Tenchi
had always had the impression that Mia loved her father very much, and 
greatly preferred him over her mother, whom, to put it in Mia's own 
words, was somewhat of a "paranoid bitch."
	"Hey...!  You know there's a dance tomorrow after school," Mia 
said, apparently off-topic but sounding like she thought there was a 
connection.
	"Yeah, I'd heard that.  But I wasn't planning to go... to much 
homework."
	"You can't do homework on a Friday night!" Mia exclaimed, looking 
at Tenchi like he was talking crazy.  "Besides, I have a great idea!"
	Tenchi hoped he wouldn't regret asking, "Really?  What?"
	"You said Ayeka's feeling really down, right?  Well, why don't you
take her to the dance!  That'll cheer her up for sure!"
	"I don't know," Tenchi said, sounding skeptical.  "I'm not much of
a dancer.  Going with me might just make her even more depressed."
	"Don't be ridiculous!" Mia said, and Tenchi realized nothing he 
said could disuade her from believing her idea was perfect.  "She'd 
_love_ to go with you!" And then added with a wink, "Hey, any girl 
would."
	Tenchi hated it when she did stuff like that.  Mostly he hated it 
because he liked it, and felt like he shouldn't.  He realized that that 
didn't make any sense, but it was his reason, however unreasonable.
	"Hmmm, maybe I will mention it," Tenchi acceded.
	"Great!  I'll see you there."
	"Uh, wait, Mia...!" Tenchi called after her as she ran off in 
another direction.  Tenchi stood at the bus stop, thinking he might 
regret this whole thing, and regretting having dug himself a veritable 
hole that he was bound to fall into if he didn't ask Ayeka to the dance.
	He found himself wondering who Mia would be going with.  Maybe 
nobody.  Or maybe she'd go with Toshiro, since they were pretty good 
friends and Tenchi had heard he had something to do with the band that 
would be there, comprised partly of students from their school.  But why
would Mia want to go with Toshiro, even if they were good friends?  
After all, he wasn't really her type....
	Wasn't her type?  What the hell was his brain going on about?  Why
did he care?  Well the last question was answered easily enough with a 
simple fact: Tenchi was attracted to Mia.  It made him feel guilty 
sometimes.  After all, he was supposed to be her friend, and being 
attracted to a good friend kind of weirded him out.  And then there was 
Ayeka, and of course Ryoko.
	Still, though he didn't like to admit it, if those two had never 
shown up in his life, he would probably have asked Mia to the dance a 
while ago.
	Tenchi smiled sarcastically to himself.  Now that was a lie.  She 
might have asked him, just maybe, but he doubted he would have worked up
the nerve to ask her.  Plain and simple: he didn't have the balls.  
Well, that was a little harsh.  More presicely, Tenchi just wasn't the 
sort of guy used to showing anything except friendliness and kindness to
anyone.  Feeling attracted to Ayeka, Ryoko, and yes, now Mia too, though
less so, made him just feel awkward and uncomfortable.  So, he just 
treated them with more friendly kindness than usual.  Strangely, that 
had resulted in them liking him less as a friend and more as... well, a 
romantic prospect.  Maybe he'd been _too_ nice.
	Tenchi sighed, pushing these thoughts from his mind.  On the bus 
ride home he tried not to worry about what the consequences... that is, 
what the results would be if... when he mentioned... or rather, asked 
Ayeka to, the dance.

	While outwardly calm, Ayeka was shaking inside with anxiety, 
excitement, doubt, worry, anticipation, and fear, along with a multitude
of other less easily definable emotions.  She said a silent thanks to 
all the years of princessly training that had given her the self-control
she now so desperately clutched on to.
	Tenchi had asked her to come to a dance!  At his school!  And what
was more, they were now on their way there.
	"Tenchi," she managed to say, but was unable to express the 
elation or the opposing apprehension she felt, simply rephrased a 
previous statement for the third time, "you really didn't have to call 
for a limo... it's not as if the dance is to be a formal affair."
	Tenchi looked up from gazing thoughtfully out the window, and 
smiled at Ayeka in the kind way she so loved and that now made her heart
soar.
	"I know it seems like a bit much, Ayeka, but I really didn't want 
you to have to ride the bus all the way from home.  It's a long trip."  
He smiled again.  "Oh, and Ayeka...?"
	"Yes, Lord Tenchi...?" she replied, sounding frightened and 
hopeful at the same time.
	"Try not to call me 'Lord Tenchi' while we're there, okay?" he 
said with a hint of humor in his voice that belied his kind smile.  
Ayeka blushed and lowered her gaze.
	Maybe that was part of what he found so wonderful about her.  Her 
demure nature, her seeming naivete, her innocently bashful mystery.
	But, he thought to himself, *Will she always remain such a shy and
attractive mystery?*  Perhaps the intriguing enigma would not remain so.
	*Stop being such a worrier!* he scolded himself.  But he was one 
to worry, he knew.  *She's no mystery.  That's not why I like her, I 
like her because I care for her, and because of her nice, kind, and shy 
personality.  She's like an open book almost, not a mystery.  Ryoko, now
she's the mystery....*  He deliberately skipped that thought and focused
his attention on Ayeka.
	He had been so nervous about asking her, but when he'd finally 
knuckled down and did it, albiet hesitantly, Ayeka had been so unsure of
herself, that he found himself encouraging her and boulstering her 
lacking confidence.
	"Come on, it'll be fun!  You'll be the envy of every girl there, 
I promise!" he'd told her.
	"Why would they envy me?  I'd be an outsider to them, they'd 
probably just look on me with suspicion."
	"It'll be fine, you'll be with me," he'd assured her.  Then he'd 
grinned and said jokingly, "That'll make you the envy of all the girls 
by itself."
	Ayeka had started to return his smile, warming to the idea.  "Do 
you really think so, Lord Tenchi?"
	"Well, not the girls envying you for _me_ part, but yeah."
	And now Tenchi sat watching her as they rode to his school.  He 
could hardly believe it, but he was glad Mia had talked him into this.  
Or rather, forced him into, by way of the simple fact that if he hadn't 
asked Ayeka to go, he never would have heard the end of it from Mia, who
would also have gone and told Ayeka and everyone else, which would have 
greatly hurt his relationship with Ayeka, not to mention the fact the 
Mihoshi, Kiyone, and Sasami would all have been very angry with him when
Mia told them how cruel he had been. Hence, by his own inaction, he 
would have condemned himself a cruel liar and a fool, the second of a 
which he certainly would have been.  So, he had to bow to Mia's will or 
face certain social doom.
	And so, he had asked Ayeka to the dance, and didn't regret it.
	Tenchi leaned forward slightly and spoke softly.  "Ayeka, you 
_will_ be the envy of all the girls at the dance," he told her.
	"Why do you say that, Tenchi?" she asked.
	"Because you will be more beautiful than any of them," he said, 
his eyes kind and his tone serious.
	Ayeka blushed deeply.  "Lord Tenchi... Tenchi, I mean, you flatter
me too much...."
	But Tenchi was not attempting flattery, even kind flattery, 
because flattery was simply not in his nature.  He hardly knew the 
meaining of the word.  No, he was quite serious.
	After he had finally convinced her to come with him to the dance, 
at which point he had wondered why the hell he had done that when only 
a moment ago he had been dreading asking her in the first place, Ayeka 
had gone from apprehensive to near hysterical.
	"Oh dear, oh my!  What will I wear?  What will I _say_?!  I don't 
know how to speak to earthling teenagers!  How should I address them?  
What if they take offense?"  She had rushed about in a state of 
disarray, and Tenchi was totally confounded and helpless to aid her.  
Thankfully, Mia and Kiyone, along with Mihoshi, had come to the rescue, 
calming the princess down and then helping her address the first 
question of what to wear, and reassuring her about the others.
	The outfit the four had taken so many hours to go out and buy, 
Tenchi decided, could not have been more perfect.  Its colors matched 
her eyes and hair perfectly, enhancing their unusual colors even more.  
Ayeka had been worried about standing out, but Mia had assured her that 
for her, standing out would be a good thing.
	Tenchi quite agreed.  Ayeka would stand out as a gem, and not an 
eyesore as she feared.
	As he gazed at her, drinking in her wonderous image, Tenchi's mind
began to wander.  He wondered what Ryoko would look like in a similar 
dress, one that matched her eyes and hair....
	Mentally, Tenchi kicked himself in the forehead, a feat that would
have been much harder in physicallity.  *Hentai!* he scolded.  Was his 
young male mind never at rest?
	The limo pulled to a halt that seemed to hold some indefinable 
sense of finallity to it.  Tenchi looked outside to see a courtyard at 
his school, rich with the sights and sounds that told it served another 
purpose this evening.
	"We're here."

	Mia made her way slowly down the stairs of the Masaki house.  
Okay, so she had aided Tenchi and Ayeka and seen them off, but in all 
the excitement she still hadn't worked up the guts to ask Ray if he'd go
with her.  She was feeling more than a bit depressed about it.
	The front door at the bottom of the stairs opened up and in came 
Densuo along with the very object of her idolitry.
	"So you say Princess Ayeka and Tenchi went to that dance?" Ray 
asked Densuo as they entered the house.
	Mia didn't hear Densuo's response.  Her heart and mind were 
focused solely on Ray.  Now was her last and only chance.  It was now 
or never. She could ask him; she might as well.  No turning back now.  
She had decided to take the plunge.  And she did, almost literally.
	"Hey, guys!" she shouted, and raced down the stairs at breakneck 
speed.  An artful, well-planned trip, and she was sprawled in Ray's 
arms.
	"Oh, Ray, you caught me -- !"
	He cut her off.  "Mia, what the heck are you doing?" Ray was 
looking at her like she had lost her mind.  "Are you crazy?  You're 
gonna hurt somebody, probably yourself!"
	"I...I..." Mia couldn't say it.  The look on Ray's face was too 
much for her, and all she could manage to do was once again run away 
crying.  She dashed back upstairs and they heard a door slam.
	"What is with that girl..." Ray muttered.
	Densuo abruptly walked past Ray towards the staircase with an odd 
haste.  At the foot of the stairs he stopped and turned to Ray, his face
a grim, controlled mask.
	"Master Ray, I respect you, both as a friend and a former Royal 
Knight of Jurai," the young man said, his voice also tempered.  "But for
a man who claims to be thousands of years old and the son of a renowned
genius scientist, you are a complete fool."
	Ray stood and watched in utter bewilderment as the young Juraian 
lord turned and stalked up the stairs.
	Densuo found her sitting on the edge of the bed in Tenchi's room, 
sobbing into her hands.  As usual, his heart went out to her.
	Sitting down next to her and facing her, he put a hand on her 
shoulder.  Mia looked up, a bit startled, and then burried her face in 
her hands again.
	"Leave me alone," she sobbed.  Densuo didn't speak, but he didn't 
leave either.
	"I'm such an idiot," she said after a while.
	"You were going to ask him to go with you to that dance Lord 
Tenchi and Lady Ayeka went to, weren't you?" Densuo asked, his tone 
soothing as he once more went against Juraian custom in jumping to a 
likely conclusion.  He had become fairly adept and confident at this, 
since most of his self-drawn conclusions turned out to be right.
	"He must hate me!" Mia cried, proving Densuo's surmise correct as 
usual.  "You must think I'm so stupid to think he could like me!"
	"Nobody thinks that," Densuo assured her, his voice surprisingly 
kind and sincere.  "You brighten our lives with your presence... with 
your very existence.  No one hates you... and to tell you the truth...."
	Densuo stopped in his tracks, unsure how to word what he was 
trying to say.  So he didn't say anything.  Instead, he leaned down and 
hugged Mia.  She held on to him tightly, still letting slip a few quiet,
low sobs.
	Then, he kissed her.  When he pulled back a minute or so later, 
Densuo brushed a strand of dark hair from Mia's face full of wonder and 
confusion.  
	Leaning forward, he whispered in her ear.  "I didn't know the 
proper earth custom for telling a girl 'I love you,'" he said, and he 
smiled.  "But I figured a hug and a kiss couldn't hurt.  Girls like 
that, right?"
	Mia backed away from him, not sure what to think but wondering if 
she had heard him right.  "You... you what...?"
	"I figured a hug --"
	"No, no... before that... you said... you said you...."
	"I..." Densuo hesitated, "I... love you."  At these words, Densuo 
looked as if he had surprised himself more than he had surprised Mia.
	Suddenly, he laughed.  "Oh, is my father ever going to be angry 
with me!  I came here to woo a princess and ended up falling for a 
common girl!  A noble lord's worst nightmare!"
	"Hey," Mia snapped teasingly, her tears dissolving.  "Who're you 
calling common!"
	"Not you, for sure," Densuo said seriously, and she could see the 
caring in his gaze.  "You are one of the most extraordinary people I 
have ever met, Mia.  I could stay here for a thousand years and you 
would never cease to amaze me."
	"You... you really do... care for me... like that?" Mia asked him.
	"I guess I really do," he replied.  "Why do you think I stayed 
here after Lord Tenchi got back?  Maybe I should have said something 
sooner... I don't know."
	"It's not your fault," Mia said.  "I was childish.  I kept going 
on about Ray when you were right there the whole time.  You're such a 
great guy, Densuo.  I don't know why I blinded myself to that."
	"I have something I'd like to ask you..." Densuo said after a 
pause.
	"Sure, Densuo, what is it?"
	Getting down on his knees beside the bed, he took Mia's hand in 
his.  "Lady Mia, will you accompany me to your school dance?"
	Mia smiled and wiped away the last of her tears.  "Of course, 
Densuo.  But what would your father say?"
	Densuo smiled back.  "We'll worry about him later...."

	The atmosphere at Tenchi's school had been completely transformed.
It reminded him vaguely of a music video, with colored lights, and loud 
but not half-bad music playing live on a stage nearby.
	"Tenchi..." Ayeka whispered, sounding very nervous, but Tenchi 
didn't hear her.  He was absorbed by sights and sounds of the dance as 
a sudden disconcerting rememberance hit the pit of his stomach: he was 
a lousy dancer.  And if that brief moment on the Yagami had been 
anything to judge her by, Ayeka was a wonderous one.  He'd look like a 
clown out there, dancing with her.  Heck, he already felt like one.  His
feet were suddenly a meter long and weighed twenty-five kilos each.
	He looked into that beautiful face framed by lovely dark silken 
hair and gulped.  "Um... let's find a place to sit and I'll get us some 
punch," he suggested, hoping the quaver he felt in his knees couldn't be
heard in his voice.  Ayeka, consumed by her own fearful anxiety, just 
nodded silently.
	Both oblivious to the nervousness of the other, the two made their
way to a pair of seats a ways away from the dance floor where happy 
young people jumped and jived to the music.
	"I'll be back," Tenchi told Ayeka, raising his voice to be heard 
over the music.  He pointed.  "The punch bowl is right over there."
	He hoped no one had spiked the punch.  He smiled slightly.  Not 
that Ayeka couldn't handle her liquor, but he was more worried about 
himself.
	"Hey, Tenchi, how's it going!" a loud voice boomed from nearby as 
he was preparing to pour two cups.  He turned to see Amagasaki and 
several other boys standing nearby.  Whether the punch was spiked or 
not, most of them looked like they were a bit tipsy.  Nothing serious, 
but Tenchi was perceptive enough to divine that they had been drinking.
	"Hi Amagasaki," He said casually.
	"Haven't seen you around.  Where have you been?" someone else 
asked, but another boy was talking again before Tenchi could answer.
	"I saw that girl you came in with.  She's something else!"
	"Yeah, is she your girlfriend Tenchi?  You're a lucky guy!"
	Tenchi smiled vaguely, glancing over to where Ayeka sat alone, her
head bowed, looking more shy than ever.  A boy who looked about ten 
times as nervous as Tenchi felt walked up and asked her something, 
supposedly to dance, but she politely demured.
	She was as nervous as Tenchi was himself, Tenchi realized.  Why 
should he be nervous about dancing with her?  She loved him after all.  
And he loved her... didn't he?
	Tenchi frowned.  What a stupid question.  Of course he did.  He'd 
said as much, hadn't he?
	"Yeah, I guess you could say she is..." Tenchi said, finally 
answering the boy's question.
	"Whoa, really!"
	Somebody gave a low whistle, and Tenchi smiled in embarrasment.
	"Way to go, Tenchi!" someone else shouted.
	"Really?" Amagasaki leaned forward eagerly.  "So have you slept 
with her yet?"
	Tenchi's gaze snapped back towards Amagasaki and all the other 
boy's around him fell back a step.  Unfortunately, Amagasaki himself did
not properly interpret the deadly look in Tenchi's eyes.
	"You rascal!  You have, haven't you!  How was she...?  Think you 
could --?" Amagasaki never finished, as he was too surprised to make any
sound when he discovered that, despite the fact that he weighed several 
times as much as Tenchi, the other young man had managed to throw him 
clean over a low hedge, where he landed on his head with an agonizing 
bump.
	Tenchi glared around swiftly at the other young men in the circle,
his silent but intimidating gaze falling on all of them.  They all 
scattered with surprising rapidness.
	Walking over to the hedge, Tenchi looked over to see Amagasaki 
struggling to regain his feet and wits.  His eyes widened and his 
efforts became panicked scrambling as he sighted Tenchi.
	"Sorry," Tenchi said with little emotion, and walked off, leaving 
a bewildered Amagasaki behind, forgotten.
	He made his way back to Ayeka.
	"What was that about, Tenchi?" she asked him.  "There was some 
kind of commotion over there."
	"Oh, nothing," Tenchi replied.  "I think the punch might be spiked
so I didn't get any."
	"Spiked?" asked a confused Ayeka.
	Tenchi smiled at her.  "Nevermind.  You want to dance?"
	Ayeka blushed red.  "Well, I... I don't know any earth dances...."
	"That's okay," Tenchi said.  "Neither do I, really."
	He laughed, and Ayeka soon joined him.
	"I'm not very good, but I can teach you a little bit.  Come on, 
you're a great dancer Ayeka, I know that.  You'll have no problem."  
Then Tenchi grinned.  "It's me you should worry about; I can hardly 
dance at all!"
	Ayeka let slip a giggle at this.  "That's silly Tenchi.  Of course
you can dance!  You've been training for years."
	"Wha...?" an abruptly confused Tenchi stuttered.
	"Here, let's go!  I'll show you!"	
	With another giggle, the suddenly enthusiastic Ayeka grabbed 
Tenchi's hand and pulled him out onto the dance floor.  He gazed into 
her eyes a moment, bewildered, and she took a saluting stance in the 
fashion of Juraian swordplay, and before he knew what he was doing, 
Tenchi responded in kind.
	Suddenly he was dancing.  His swordplay lessons, the Juraian style
of fighting his grandfather had taught him, suddenly opened itself up 
before him as an intricate dance pattern, with an endless number of 
steps and movements.  He danced with Ayeka to the fast paced music, they
moved in time to the beating of their hearts as their hearts began to 
beat in time with the music.
	The music stopped, and for an instant, so did his heart, frozen in
time in that moment, connecting with his opponent/partner, Ayeka.  The 
two of them stumbled laughing back to their seats, worn out for an 
instant by the exhilirating experience.  Tenchi noticed a lot of 
admiring, envious, and/or just plain curious or weirded-out, glances 
being sent their way, but he payed them no heed.
	"That was incredible!" he exclaimed as they collapsed into two 
awaiting chairs.  "I never realized... I mean, we were _dancing_ out 
there!  But..." he trailed off.  "Thank you Ayeka, that was amazing."
	Ayeka blushed.  "Well, I had just been watching all those people 
dancing out there, and wondering how I could possibly do it.  It's 
nothing like any of the dancing I've ever learned.  It's so fast paced 
and liberal and... free!"  Tenchi could see the delight written on her 
face and knew she was enjoying herself as much as he was.  "And it just 
occured to me how much the speed of it reminded me of your Juraian 
routines with Yosho...."
	"I never knew you knew Juraian kendo, though, Ayeka," Tenchi put 
in.  "You were absolutely marvelous out there!"
	"Oh no," she demured, "I just know the basics.  I could never be 
as magnificent as you."
	They looked into each others eyes, and for a moment they connected
in that same magical way that they had on the dance floor.
	Tenchi smiled.  "Are we gonna sit here all night complimenting 
each other or are we gonna dance some more?"
	Ayeka returned his smile.
	"Tenchi, Ayeka!" a voice called.
	Both turned to see Mia waving at them from a short distance away. 
Tenchi waved back.
	Mia started making her way quickly through the crowd towards their
seats, someone following closely behind her.
	"Hey you guys!" Mia greeted gleefully as she reached their table, 
a handsome young man whom Tenchi had never seen before coming up next to
her.
	Tenchi did a double-take.  "Densuo!"
	It certainly was the young Juraian lord, but his appearance had 
changed so vastly he had been momentarily unrecognizable.  His long dark
hair was drawn back in a pony-tail, and he wore a jean-jacket and 
t-shirt, as if he were any other earthling teenager.  The look was good 
for him, however unusual, and Tenchi thought he cut a fairly cool if not
entirely dashing figure.
	"Yeah, it's him alright!  Doesn't he look so cool!" Mia said, 
hugging Densuo's jacket arm.  Densuo smiled.
	"Excuse me," a new voice broke in, "but I couldn't help but notice
how much you remind me of a classic old song I once wrote a few days ago
about a single violet iris surrounded by plain white ones.  You know, 
like in Van Gogh's painting?"
	Ayeka gave the young man addressing her an unparalleled, record-
breaking blank look.
	"Don't start that, Toshiro!" Mia snapped at him laughingly.  
"That's Tenchi's girlfriend!"
	"Oh, sorry Tenchi!" amended Toshiro, a young man wearing small, 
square dark glasses despite the fact that it was nighttime.  He put up 
his hands before him, grinning.  "Hey, my fault.  Wouldn't want to mess 
with you, I heard you tossed Amagasaki again."
	Tenchi felt a bead of sweat begin to sprout at the back of his 
head.  "Uh... no problem, Toshiro, it's nothing personal."
	Ayeka looked blankly from the young man to Tenchi.  "Lord Tenchi, 
what is this young man talking about?"
	"Um, oh, nothing, Ayeka," Tenchi hastened, laughing nervously and 
feeling the sweat drop come to full fruition.
	"'_Lord_ Tenchi'?" Toshiro smirked.  "Yeah, I can see she is your 
girl, Tenchi."
	"Eheheh, yea, Ayeka, this is Toshiro, a friend of Mia and I."
	Toshiro nodded respectfully.
	"Oh, yeah, and this is Densuo.  Densuo, meet Toshiro."
	"He's MY date!" Mia interjected before either young man could say 
anything.
	Ayeka and Tenchi both stared at Mia, and said in unison, "Date?"
	"What, I'm not good enough for you anymore?" Toshiro joked, 
seemingly oblivious to the dual surprised exclamations.  Mia just stuck 
her tongue out at him playfully.
	Toshiro laughed.  "Hey, Densuo, let me and Tenchi introduce you to
everyone."
	Densuo glanced around at the masses of people.  "Everyone?"
	"Well, alright, not EVERYONE...."  What he actually meant was to 
introduce Densuo to the group of students with whom he most often 
associated, which included Mia and Tenchi, though Mia belonged to 
several other groups as well, and Tenchi was more or less widely 
accepted by most groups.  Not that he was super popular, he just seemed 
to be on friendly terms with everyone.  It was a gift.  Or a curse, as 
he sometimes called it, since it was the same basic personality trait he
so often damned.
	When the three boys had walked off, Ayeka turned to Mia.
	"What was that all about?" the princess asked.
	"What, Toshiro?  Oh, don't mind him, he's always like that."  And 
she added, "He's an artist.  A musician and stuff," as if that was an 
explanation.
	"No, not that," Ayeka corrected her.  "You and Densuo."  She could
tell there was more to their arriving together than it seemed.
	Mia looked a bit embarrassed, as she answered, "Well... I tried to
ask Ray to come, but that didn't work out... and then... well...."  She 
paused a moment.  "Ayeka, Densuo told me he's in love with me."
	Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "He said that?"
	"Well... not in those exact words but... yeah, he did."
	For a moment the princess was stunned, and they both watched 
Densuo being introduced to Toshiro's friends for a while in silence.  
Then Ayeka smiled.
	"I guess I could tell there was more to his feelings for you than 
friendship."
	"What, and you didn't say anything to me?" Mia asked in mock-
indignation.  "What kind of friend do you think your are!"
	Both girls had a laugh together.
	"Do you feel the same?" Ayeka asked Mia when they had subsided.
	"I don't know," Mia was pensive.  "I like him a lot.  He's a great
friend and all, but I never thought....  I mean, it was sort of sudden 
to me.  He just told me he loved me, like, out of the blue.  He didn't 
ask anything from me... he just told me and left it at that.  I think 
he's willing to accept however I feel, no matter what that is, without 
any change to his own feelings....  It's like... well, I know it sounds 
kind of cheesy, but it's like unconditional love, or something."
	The two sat in silence for another moment.
	"So... Tenchi said the same thing to you?" Mia asked after awhile.
	Ayeka nodded, blushing shyly.  "Yes...."
	"That's good to hear," Mia smiled, but she worried how Ryoko was 
taking the whole thing....

	Ryoko snickered to herself.  This would be perfect!  Sure, she 
wanted Tenchi to be happy, that was true, but how could he be happy with
that prissy princess?  She'd steal her Tenchi's heart back, fair and 
square.
	When she'd heard Tenchi was taking Ayeka to a dance at his school 
she had been crushed.  He had seemed to have chosen her, but Ryoko 
expected he'd change his mind.  He didn't _really_ love Ayeka, right?  
He couldn't actually choose her over Ryoko!
	He had been looking for her earlier, but she had avoided him.  Had
he been planning to ask her, Ryoko, instead of Ayeka?  Perhaps she had 
missed her chance to make things right with him.
	Thinking over this, that had been when Ryoko had hatched her 
perfect plan.  She had seen the dress Ayeka had bought to wear to the 
dance, so, using her savings from her job, Ryoko had bought a better 
one.  She was very proud of herself for finding it, and thankful for 
Washu's help, otherwise she never would have had the resources to check 
shops all over the world.  She had discovered the dress in a store in 
America.  Determined to outdo Ayeka, Ryoko's dress was golden color that
matched her eyes, slit up both legs, and with it she wore a belt and 
small scarf that matched her hair perfectly.  If Ayeka could do it, so 
could she, and better.
	Materializing nearby, Ryoko made her way stealthily towards the 
sounds of celebration.

	Tenchi had learned what Toshiro's relationship was to the band 
playing on stage.  He had translated several popular American songs into
Japanese, and had done a fairly good job of it too.  It had surprised 
Tenchi to hear the intro music to an American rock song that had become 
popular in Japan recently, and then have the band suddenly start singing
in words he could clearly understand.
	He had danced several more dances with Ayeka, and then Mia, who 
had been with Densuo (apparently there was something going on between 
them, but Tenchi didn't really know what), had suggested they switch  
partners.  The song they danced to was another translation.  Tenchi 
didn't recognize it, but it had made him smile sarcastically.  It was 
called "Nice Guys Finish Last," and Mia said it was by Greenday.  He 
had told her it spoke to him very deeply and they'd both had a laugh 
about that.
	The next song was a fairly slow one, another Japanese rendition of
a song in English.  Mia winked at Tenchi, and glanced at Ayeka.
	"Go get her!" she told him.
	"Take your own advice," Tenchi said, pointing at Densuo, who was 
staring straight at Mia.  She blushed slightly.
	Tenchi didn't wait around to see if she did.  He walked over to 
Ayeka who was standing motionless with her eyes locked on his.
	He bowed formally, jokingly.  "May I have this dance?"
	Ayeka stifled a giggle.  "Lord Tenchi...."
	"Just Tenchi," he grinned.  She nodded, and they stepped closer to
each other as the singing began.

	Perhaps Tenchi would not have done this if he had known Ryoko was 
watching from the edge of the courtyard that comprised a dance floor.  
Perhaps he never would have even gone to the dance if he had been able 
to find Ryoko and tell her he was.  Maybe he would have changed is mind.
One can never know.  All that can be known is that seeing Tenchi and 
Ayeka dancing together like this, again, broke Ryoko's heart.
	She nearly forgot who or where she was.  Emotions dominated her 
conscious mind.  Feelings of loss, rejection, inadequacy.  She was 
crying before she knew what was happening, and she was running away 
before she remembered she could fly.

	The strangest thing happened to Tenchi while he was dancing.  
Holding Ayeka close, he was content, his eyes nearly closed.  But, quite
suddenly, a vision of Ryoko's tearstained face flashed behind his eyes, 
disturbing his peace of mind.  It was an image he had oft discovered 
wandering through his brain.  But why would it come to him now?  He had 
made his decision; he loved Ayeka.
	A strange chill ran down his spine, and Tenchi looked up.  And, 
there she was.  Ryoko stood at the edge of the festivities, which to 
Tenchi's eyes had suddenly been drained of all festiveness.  And she was
crying.  He could not see her face, it was hidden in shadow, but somehow
he knew she was crying.
	"Ryoko!" he whispered, feeling strangely cold.
	Ayeka jumped slightly and stepped away.
	"Tenchi... what's wrong?" she asked in surprise and confusion, 
noticing his blank, staring eyes, set in a face turned white.
	Suddenly, Tenchi was running.  It was as abrupt and surprising for
him as it was for Ayeka.  He dashed through the crowd to where he had 
seen the figure, framed beneath the shade of a tree with the light of 
the moon behind her.  She was gone.
	"Ryoko!" he called out.  There was no answer, only the rustling of
wind through the well trimmed grass and small trees.
	"Tenchi!  Tenchi!  What happened?  Are you okay?" Ayeka was 
shouting concernedly as she came up beside him.
	The young man swallowed and nodded.  Why did he suddenly feel like
something was being drawn away from him and out of his grasp?  Like his 
spinal cord was slowly being pulled out of him, or a piece of his soul 
had been carefully removed and was now missing.
	"I... I'm fine," he stammered.  "I just thought I saw someone."  
Maybe he had imagined it?  That had to be the answer.  She had been 
wearing almost exactly the same dress he had imagined her in earlier....
	Ayeka's eyes were full of worry for him.  He forced a smile.
	"Sorry... let's get back to dancing."
	The princess returned his smile, relieved, and they both did as he
suggested.  Tenchi laughed and danced and enjoyed himself for the rest 
of the evening, trying to rid himself of the strange feeling that he'd 
just missed something, and that now it was gone.  With some ease he was 
able to supress it, burry it in the joys of the evening, and fill the 
emptiness that he felt, but for some reason he knew the feeling was not 
really gone.  And one question still continued to nag him throughout the
evening.  Having a logical mind, Tenchi could not dismiss it.  If he had
indeed imagined Ryoko there... why?  Why had he...?

	After the confusing incident with Mia and Densuo, Ray had gone to 
bed early.  Was he really that insensitive?  Densuo had seemed to think 
so.  Ray had decided to sleep on it.
	Only he hadn't slept very well.  He woke up sweating, disturbing 
images still dancing in his head.  He had seen... what had he seen...?  
Just dreams, but they seemed to hold something deeper, something in his 
subconscious, something forgotten or repressed.
	What with his long and dark past, that wouldn't be too surprising. 
Ray's hand came in contact with something under the pillow.  Pulling it 
out, he saw it was the sword Kumiro had used.  The Kumanai-ken.  Could 
this be the cause of his strange visions?  That was impossible.  Even 
the Tenchi-ken couldn't open up ones subconscious.  Or at least, Ray had
never heard that it, or any Juraian weapon, could.
	As he held the sword hilt, he began to recall a portion of his 
dream.  Tenchi and Ayeka were talking together happily, like two people 
in love should.  There was nothing unusual about that, except that they 
seemed oblivious to anything else and unable to hear Ray's own silenced 
screams from where he lay bound and in horrible pain a few feet away.  
He couldn't even hear himself cry out, though he screamed with all his 
might.  It was the first dream he could remember where he'd felt true 
physical pain.
	But these were things he'd seen before, things from his past, and 
present.  Tenchi and the Princess were from now, but the pain... the 
pain was from more than a thousand years before, when Kagato had left 
him on that planet to rot alive....
	There was so much about his past he had forgotten, much of it on 
purpose.  Could he really say he was a whole person?  Could he really 
say he knew who he was, or what he wanted?
	Ray sat up, clutching his knees to his chest almost in the fetal
position, and shivered.  Two more images danced through his mind.  
Seperately, they were of little consequence.  One was happy, the other 
very sad, one new, the other old.  They were completely unrelated, and 
alone they each evoked their seperate emotions, but together... they 
seemed frighteningly disturbing: his mother laughing, and his father 
dying.

	Densuo leaned against the railing of the balcony outside Tenchi's 
room, gazing out across the lake.  The dance party had been a wonderous 
swirl of new sights and sounds, a culturally-immersive experience.  What
was more, with all the time he had spent with Mia studying earth 
customs, he had felt only mildly out of place there.  Mia had said he 
had done wonderfully.  She had also complimented him about his 
appearence, and his dancing.  His heart was gladdened at the thought 
that she had enjoyed herself, and even more that she had enjoyed his 
company.
	"Densuo?" a voice came from behind him.  It was Tenchi.
	"Oh, hello Tenchi," Densuo said.  He realized that he might be 
invading the young man's space, "Sorry, I'll go and leave you to your 
privacy now."
	"Actually, I wanted to ask you a question," Tenchi said.
	"What's on your mind?" Densuo said, straightening.
	"Is there... something more than friendship between you and Mia?" 
Tenchi sounded reluctant to make such an inquiry.
	Densuo smiled with a thoughtful look towards the floor.  "I don't 
know, but I hope there can be.  I think it may be possible."
	Tenchi smiled warmly.  "That's good to hear," he said.
	But then his expression became more serious.  "She's a very 
emotionally fragile girl, Densuo....  I probably should have warned her 
that Ray probably wouldn't return her feelings, but I didn't have the 
heart...."
	"Riuroshi was foolish to have ignored her," Densuo said seriously 
but without any bitterness.  But then he smiled, "I think he's missed 
his chance with her."
	Tenchi looked up and Densuo met the young earthling's gaze.  There
was something in his eyes, a concern, and a protective kindness, that 
was compelling, like nothing Densuo had ever seen in a person.  Densuo 
felt as though the young man could see right through his eyes into his 
very soul.
	"Be kind to her," Tenchi said, his voice soft and calm with a hint
of the same concern that showed in his eyes.  "I'd hate to see anything 
happen to her.  It sounds stupid, but I'd feel responsible if she was 
hurt."
	Something new flashed through Tenchi's eyes as he looked away up 
into the night sky, and for an instant it seemed to Densuo as if the 
other young man was threatening him, or challenging him in some way.  It
was as though for a milisecond those eyes had said, "I will see that you
suffer if she does," but then it was gone, and it was once again 
replaced by that fraternal protective kindness directed towards Mia.
	"You care about her...?" Densuo said in what was not quite a 
question and not quite a statement of fact.
	"Yes..." Tenchi replied, and his smile was a bit sarcastic.  "It's
my curse.  I care about too many people too much."
	And yet Densuo felt a faint shiver pass through him.  There was a 
great power inside this boy, a terrifying power.  And it was not that 
alone.  The force of his will, his strong and kind heart, was powerful 
enough to rival whatever untold energy slept within his grasp.  Densuo 
realized that it was this power and compassion that could make this boy 
of a man grow into a powerful leader.  But at the same time, Densuo felt
that, being who he was, Tenchi would never desire any such position.
	"I don't really doubt," Tenchi was saying, leaning against the 
balcony railing, "that if Ayeka and all the others hadn't shown up... me
and Mia would probably be more than just friends by now...."
	Densuo nodded.  He understood now.  This young Lord Tenchi had 
little or no concept of Juraian honor, yet what he seemed to be saying 
and what he believed were, in an alien way, more noble than anything in 
the Juraian Knights' code of ethics.  Plain and simple, Tenchi was 
willing to fight to protect the happiness of those he cared for.

	Tenchi sighed heavily as he shut the door to his room, having said
good night to Densuo.  What a long, exhausting night.  Sure, it had been
great fun, but for that one strange occurence....
	He had kissed Ayeka good night, and she had gone to bed, looking 
tired and happy.
	So why didn't Tenchi feel the same?  Now that the partying was 
over, there was an emptiness within, a void inside him that begged to be
filled.  But what was it?  It was almost as though he was experiencing 
some kind of rebound effect, a low after the high.
	He felt depressed.  Sitting down on his bed, Tenchi glanced to his
left and noticed a book lying on the bed.  He didn't remember leaving 
that there.  Tenchi picked it up and discovered it was one of his school
books from the year before.  What in the world was it doing here?
	Tenchi saw that it had a piece of paper stuck in it, marking a 
page.  The corner of the paper that was exposed had some sort of circle 
scribbled on it.
	Curiously, Tenchi cracked open the old text book to the page 
marked.  At the bottom of the page he saw something that nearly made him
gasp.  It was a sketched pair of eyes staring up at him from the page.  
He'd drawn those eyes.  They were Ryoko's eyes.
	He looked at the scrap of paper that had marked the page, 
wondering what the symbol on it was.  He discovered a single short 
phrase written on the paper.
	"Who am I..." he read aloud.  *Strange.*
	Tenchi turned his attention to the scribble at the edge of the 
paper that he had seen originally.  It was an oval, crossed by a 
diagonal line.
	"Zero..." he whispered.  It was the number zero.  *You are zero?*
	Now Tenchi did gasp.  *Ryoko... what...?*  Had he really imagined 
her at the dance?  Perhaps, but....
	Narrowing his eyes, Tenchi looked closer at the piece of paper.  
There were other blotches on it, but he couldn't tell what they were.  
He glanced down at the book open before him.  Similar blotches were 
present.  He leaned down and looked at where ink of his doodlings was 
distorted in small spots.
	Tenchi noticed one such spot where the word "Ryoko" had once been,
but was now indecipherable.  *Gone....  Water?*
	His breath suddenly caught in his throat as he glimpsed the sketch
of the eyes again.  A vision of the past came to Tenchi: himself holding
Ryoko's face in his hands and asking "Who are you?" as she cried.
	*Tears,* he thought, and threatened to make new blotches on the 
page.  *They're Ryoko's tears....*

	"Tenchi, you're up?" Ray asked him as they met in the hallway.  "I
thought you'd be exhausted after that dance."
	"Well, I had a... disturbing vision," Tenchi told him, looking 
uncharacteristically grim.
	"Hmm... so did I," Ray replied.
	Tenchi blinked.  "Really, what was yours?"
	"Oh... nothing.  Dark memories from the past... my father dying."
	"That sounds pretty disturbing," Tenchi said, wincing.
	Ray nodded.  "What about yours, if I may ask."
	Tenchi's expression became grim again.  "A premonition, if I'm 
lucky.  If not, then a revelation."
	Ray said nothing.
	"Have you see Ryoko?" Tenchi asked very seriously.
	"Not for a couple of hours," Ray responded.
	Tenchi thought for a moment, and then nodded once.  "Will you help
me look for her?  I thought we'd ask your mother first."
	Ray nodded, also looking grim though he was not entirely sure what
Tenchi was about.
	"Little Washu?" Tenchi called as they entered the little 
scientist's lab.  She was there at her holo-computer, but didn't seem to
be typing anything.  She turned away from her work to look at Tenchi 
with something unprecedented in her gaze: great anger.  She seemed 
almost furious, and Tenchi was momentarily taken aback.  She didn't say 
anything, and he recovered quickly.
	"Um, have you seen Ryoko recently?"
	Washu nodded, not taking her eyes off of Tenchi.
	"Do you know where she is now?" he asked, trying to meet the 
scientist's angry, narrow-eyed, gaze.
	Washu nodded again in the same slow way, and then spoke, "She's 
gone."
	Tenchi felt like his heart would stop.  He sighed. "Very well."
	"Tenchi," Washu said as he turned to go.  "Where are you going?"
	He could hear the withheld rage, almost hatred, in her voice.
	"After her," Tenchi replied simply.  He felt emotionally drained; 
he couldn't even respond to Washu's anger.  He also realized that he 
would have been a thousand times more angry with himself if he'd had the
energy.
	"Ryoko told me you had decided on Ayeka.  So why are you going 
after her?"  Washu's tone was still brusque.
	"Because I have to," Tenchi responded impatiently.
	"Have to why?"
	Tenchi sighed in exasperation.  "I think you already know why, 
Washu," he said.
	She nodded.  "Maybe I do.  But do you?"
	For an instant, he was about to say it was because he was too 
damned nice, but he realized very quickly that that wasn't it at all.  
"Because... I care for her."
	"Is that all?" Washu asked, raising an eyebrow, her manner still 
impersonal and angry.  "You just _care_ for her?  You don't...."
	"Love her?" Tenchi finished for Washu, surprising her.  He looked 
down for just a second, seemingly in thought, but continued, his voice 
matter-of-fact, his face tired.  "Yes I do love her.  Of course I do.  
But not in the way she would hope."
	He looked up again, "And I love Ayeka.  And you too, Little Washu.
You're a good person, and a great mother."
	The slightly stunned Washu managed to shake off her surprise and 
frowned at him.  "Are you sure that's how you feel about her?  Do you 
think you really know how she feels about you?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "I don't have time for this, Washu."  He 
turned to leave the room, and Ray stepped out of his way.
	"How are you going to go after her without a ship?" Washu asked.  
"She's lightyears away by now."
	Tenchi stopped and exhaled slowly.  He turned back around.  "Okay,
Washu, what do you want from me?"
	"The truth," Washu said, and her eyes had taken on their most 
narrow and vengeful countenance yet.  "If my Ryoko is destined only to 
know pain because of you... I want to know, damnit!"
	For a moment, Tenchi was silent, and he just stared at the floor. 
Finally, he took in a deep breath and let it out again.  Then, he 
replied, "I'm sorry Washu, I can't tell you what you want to know 
because I don't know it either.  I've come a long way since the day we 
met, but I can't say I really understand all that much more.  All I can 
tell you is that nothing is certain....  The truth is I don't know... I 
just don't know."
	Slowly, Washu nodded.  "That will have to do."  She jumped up from
her floating cushion.  "At least it's the truth.  Follow me."
	Tenchi followed her to a circular metal door in the wall.  Washu 
turned to him and handed him something tiny and red.
	"Chew this," she said.  He looked at it and discovered it was a 
little red crab, about the size of his little finger nail.  He was to 
tired to worry about exactly what it was.  Giving a mental shrug, Tenchi
popped the small object in his mouth and bit down. It was crunchy and 
tasted vaguely of fruit.  Strawberries or something.
	Suddenly, Tenchi felt energy and strength returning to his limbs.
His mind was as clear as it had been that very morning.  No, clearer.
	"What in the...?" he gasped, looking down at himself to see if he 
had grown an extra pair of legs or something.
	"It's a full nights sleep in chewable pill format," informed him 
with a wink and a smile.  Well, at least she didn't seem so perturbed 
with him any more.
	"So that's why you never seem to sleep."
	Washu said nothing.  The metal door before them irised open, and 
she led a rejuvenated Tenchi into small cilindrical room with what 
looked like the smallest space ship Tenchi had ever seen suspended by 
nothing in the middle.  Looking up, Tenchi could see that the cilinder 
extended upwards for a infathomable distance.  Stars could just barely 
be made out above.
	"This will be your transportation.  I designed it specifically for
you.  It's interior dementions should suit you prefectly," Washu 
informed him as they approached the small vessel and the hatch opened 
up.  It was obviously a one-man ship.  "I was going to give it to you 
for your birthday, but consider this an early present."
	Tenchi smiled.  "Thanks Washu.  How does it work, exactly?"
	"It can only be operated by you," Washu replied evenly.  "It will 
respond to your Light Hawk power, which is its energy source.  It has no
engines; it flies by use of the Jurai power within you."
	Tenchi was wide-eyed with disbelief.  "But... I can't summon the 
Light Hawk power at will!"
	Washu turned to Tenchi, her face expressionless.  "Then this will 
be a form of a test, Tenchi."
	"I don't have time for your scientific experiments," Tenchi 
growled, "I need to find Ryoko!"  His conviction was surprising to him.
	"Not a scientific test," Washu corrected him.  "A test of the 
heart.  A test of your love for Ryoko."
	Tenchi was taken aback.  "But... I... I don't...."
	"If you can manage to activate this ship and get it off the ground
then I'll except that you care enough about my daughter to warrant her 
attention,"  Washu said, not breaking stride.  "And if you bring her 
back... that is something else altogether."
	Tenchi frowned.  "Washu...."
	"If you really want to find Ryoko, you will," Washu said.  "Unlike
you, I have faith in your power."
	Tenchi didn't know what to say, so he didn't.
	Washu turned to go, but stopped and looked back over her shoulder.  
"Another thing.  Also unlike you, I have faith that my daughter's 
feelings are real."  She paused for a minute.  "You should put more 
faith in yourself and the people you care about Tenchi, or you'll lose 
all faith completely."
	She looked back at the doorway.  "Last thing.  My daughter's 
happiness is very important to me.  If you ever do anything to hurt her 
like this again, she may be able forgive you, but I may not be, and I 
can't be responsible for my actions."
	The last part sounded surprisingly like a threat to Tenchi's ears.
Washu left the room and the door irised shut behind her.
	*Nevermind her,* Tenchi though to himself.  He looked up at the 
tiny, ejection-seat of a ship.  The words LIGHT HAWK WING were 
emblazoned on its side.  *Cute, Washu,* he thought with a small smile.  
A triple pun: it was certainly very light, but not much of a hawk, and 
it appeared to have no wings.  Judging by its size and build it looked 
doubtful that the thing would survive exiting or re-entering the 
atmosphere.  But if Washu had built it, he was sure it could.
	Tenchi climbed into the cockpit.  He didn't care what Washu 
thought his going after Ryoko meant, or what anyone thought it meant.  
All he cared about was finding her, which was something his conscience 
insisted he do, and that was all it meant to him.  Redeming himself.

	Washu stepped back out into her lab and let out a long breath.  
She saw Ray standing by the door.
	"You still there?" she snapped irritably.
	Ray blinked and looked embarrassed.  "Oh... sorry, I --"
	Washu interrupted him.  "Nevermind.  What are your thoughts on 
this whole thing?"
	"I just hope Ayeka takes this alright," Ray answered.
	That same cold fury returned to Washu's visage a hundredfold.  
"Your sister is out in the cosmos somewhere feeling worse than you can 
know and here you are worried about that pampered little girl?"
	Ray took a step back, frightened by his mother's intense words.
	"I... well, Ryoko can take care of herself.  You know that, after 
all, you created her."
	Washu was full of quiet rage.  "Are you still thinking of her as 
a creature?  A construct?" her voice changed to a yell, "She's your 
sister not a damned animal!"
	"I know that!" Ray shouted back, but was surprised that he had, 
and returned to a normal volume.  "She's seen plenty of emotional bumps 
and scrapes like this in her life, she can handle it."
	"Bumps and scrapes!" Washu screamed.  "Are you out of your 
goddamned mind!!  Do you care more about that stupid princess than about
your own sister!  You're not a Juraian knight anymore.  Stop trying to 
act like one!"
	Ray was completely dumbfounded by her enraged words.  "I... I..." 
he managed to stammer out.
	"You just can't get it through your skull!" Washu was shouting.  
"Do you think that because she's known suffering she deserves more?  Do 
you think she needs more hurt in her life?  Have you forgotten all the 
things you've gone through, all the pain you've had?  Would you want to 
go through that again!?"
	Slowly, during the last of his mother's harsh words, Ray's face 
turned hard, bitter, and grim.
	"What's that face?" she continued scolding him.  "Pissed off 
'cause Mommy talked down to you?"
	"No," he replied, his voice matching his facial expression, full 
of bitterness, but it was directed at himself.  "No, you're right."
	He started to leave the room.
	"Where are you going?" Washu asked him as she had Tenchi.
	"Sword practice," Ray grunted enigmatically, and left the room, 
shutting the door somewhat roughly behind him.
	Baffled by her son's last words, Washu decided to go to bed and 
try to sleep off her frustration.

	Kiyone had not left.  But Ryoko and Tenchi were gone.  The entire 
household was shocked by their disappearances, unsure what to think.  
Ray had explained, since Washu had not come out of her lab that 
morning, and though he was able to clarify the situation, it only 
lessened the surprise and confusion by a very thin margin.
	Ray stood in the living room conversing with the recovered and 
youthened Yosho (who still asked everyone to call him Katsuhito).  He 
had come down from the shrine and was the last to hear about the hasty 
departures, and was now questioning Ray on the matter.  But, since Ray 
didn't know much himself he had very few answers.
	"So... my grandson has still not chosen his path it would seem," 
the young Yosho said, still seeming to possess the venerable wisdom and 
stoicism beyond his apparent age.
	Ray did not know how to respond to the man's statement so he did 
not.  He realized that even though he was probably technically older 
than Yosho, he could never be as level-headed and implacable as the 
prince was, though he certainly tried.  All these confusing images and 
emotions of late... where were they coming from?  From inside him, 
obviously, but... provoked by what source?  What catalyzed this 
upwelling of old memories and feelings?
	Both men looked up to see Ayeka making her way down the stairs.  
The princess, glancing at her older half-brother with a look of hurt 
confusion and then at Ray, made her way hastily out of the room.
	"I will have to speak to her," Yosho mentioned after she had gone.
"My dishonesty to her was wrong.  And I fear Tenchi's disappearance has 
worked to deepen the wound I've caused her."
	"When will you confront her?" Ray asked, just as concerned for 
Ayeka's well-being.
	"When the time is right," was all he said in reply.
	Ray did not press the matter further.  He did not doubt the prince
would know when that time was.
	Ray felt something in the inside pocket of his coat.  Not as a 
weighed, or by touch, but as a presence, it seemed.  It was the sword of
the Kumanai.  He wondered at the sudden sensation, but dismissed it as 
the simple urge to get away from the house and calm his own confusion 
with a bit of sword practice.  He decided to do just that.
	Excusing himself, Ray went outside.  He saw Ayeka standing off 
towards the lake by herself.  He smiled at her forlorn but proud 
figure amid the grass.  Maybe his own confusion would be easier to 
handle if he helped her with hers.  Sometimes the best way to put ones 
own problems in perspective is to assist someone else with theirs.
	She was facing away from him, out towards the lake, as he 
approached her.
	"Ayeka... are you alright?" he inquired softly.  She turned 
around and he could see the worry and consternation in her face and her 
eyes that were full of barely withheld tears of confusion.  "Is there 
anything I can do?"
	"No, I... I'll be alright, Riuroshi, thank you."  She turned back 
towards the lake.
	"Are you sure?" he asked, gently pressing his offer to help.
	"Yes, I...." she stopped in mid-sentence and stared at the ground 
for awhile.  When she continued she was still facing away from him.
	"Ray... have you ever been in love?"
	Ray smiled slightly.  "Oh, maybe once or twice.  Sure."
	"Well..." Ayeka continued after a pregnant pause, "have you ever 
found yourself having feelings for someone... who you... who you're not 
in love with anymore?"  Ray smiled again.  He realized that Ayeka had no
idea about his relationship to Kiyone.  She turned to face him, but did 
not meet his concerned gaze, and continued, "I mean... have you ever 
found you still have feelings for someone when you're in love with 
somebody else... for instance?"
	Ray nodded.  He knew what she meant, and to what she referred.
	"I'd be lying if I said I haven't had those kind of confusing 
emotions before.  But some love is stronger than others....  They say a 
person can only have one true love in their life.  There is one person I
can think of who I think... maybe I loved more than any others...."  
Certainly, he had loved Kiyone at one time, and deeply, but he had known
stronger feelings still.
	"Really?" Ayeka asked.  "What was that like...?  If I may ask... 
this 'true love?'"
	Ray thought for a moment.  "Well... you can't really describe how 
if _feels_....  It's like, that person becomes more important to you 
than anything else, and....  It's difficult to explain."
	"How did this person respond to your feelings?"
	"I don't know," Ray shook his head.  "I never told her."
	Ayeka finally looked directly at him, surprised.  "Why... why ever
not?"  He realized that she herself had great trouble admitting her 
feelings for Tenchi, even if she did claim they were destined to be 
together whenever contesting with Ryoko.
	Ray shrugged.  "She was Juraian nobility above my station, and she
was betrothed," he answered plainly.
	Ayeka blinked at the directness and nature of his reply.  "She was
above your station as heir to the Kumanai?"
	He gave an ironic grin that was almost a grimace.  "She was above 
my station as an outcast."
	Both were silent for a time, engrossed in their own thoughts.
	"Do you still love her now?"
	Ray looked up sharply.  "What?"
	"You said she was your strongest love... did you ever... get over 
her?"
	Ray looked at her without speaking for a long time, a wistful, 
almost nastolgic, and reflective expression on his face.
	"I don't know..." he finally said.
	Ayeka too paused before speaking, but nowhere near as long.  "What
do you think would it have been like if you'd said something...?"
	"I don't know," Ray repeated after another moment of pensive 
silence.  "Maybe I... should have said something.
	"You have given me something to think about," he said, still 
looking thoughful.  But then he smiled.  "I hope I have been of some 
help."
	Smiling back, Ayeka found, took less effort than she expected.  
"Yes, thank you Riuroshi, for answering my silly questions."
	Giving her a little wave, he turned to go.  "I'm going to practice
my sword skill and think about some of the things you asked.  Perhaps 
I will be able to give you some more helpful information next time we 
meet."
	Ayeka smiled again and nodded.  "That is very kind of you, thank 
you."
	Ray headed off for the sword practice grounds above the shrine, 
with these new thoughts to add to the assortment of others he needed to 
consider and mull over.
	Ayeka watched him for only a moment, and then turned back to 
gazing at the lake with a sigh.  She glanced towards the house.  Maybe 
she should go help Sasami in the kitchen to get her mind off things.
	Making her way slowly back, her head bowed in reflection, Ayeka 
opened the sliding door to the living room and stepped inside.  She 
looked up and saw that Yosho, looking so much like the man she had once 
adored, was still standing where he had been several minutes earlier.  
His bangs were cut, and he wore glasses, but beyond that he was the 
same as he had been seven-hundred years before.
	She froze, unsure of what to do, but her half-brother spoke.
	"Ayeka," he said, his voice no longer the rough tone of the old 
man Kastuhito but the kind voice of her brother.  "I wanted to 
apologize for not telling you, for keeping things from you again."
	Ayeka said nothing, her own voice lost.
	"No one except my mother Funaho knew," he continued in the same 
calm manner.  "She alone saw through my disguise.  I did not want to 
tell you because I knew it would only confuse matters.  I was content to
remain an old man," he smiled, and in that instant, before his former 
impassive expression returned, he reminded her of Tenchi, "and I knew 
that if I revealed my nature no good would come of it.  I never meant 
you any harm.  Still, I was wrong to hide it from you, and I am sorry 
that I did."
	"Th-thank you, brother Yosho," Ayeka managed to breathe, bowing 
slightly.  Straightening up, she regained some of her composure.  "I 
understand that you did not intend me harm."
	Smiling briefly once more, Yosho nodded and left the room, 
presumably heading back to the shrine.  Becoming suddenly young again 
seemed to have effected him not in the least.  Because he had never 
really been old.  Why that was the case, remained a mystery.
	Ayeka stood in the empty, quiet Masaki living room, thinking.  
The whole place seemed to have taken on a forlorn, overcast air.  Even 
the usually happy noises of Sasami working in the kitchen sounded 
depressed.  So this was the Masaki household without Tenchi?
	*Tenchi!  Where are you?*  Ayeka sent her anguished mental cry out 
into the cosmos.  But she knew where he was.  She didn't know specifics,
but what she knew was enough.
	*Damn that woman!* she cursed Ryoko, clenching her fists.  *She's 
always trying to steal Tenchi away from me!*
	She sighed.  "Who am I kidding..." she murmured to herself, "it's 
not Ryoko's fault."  Ayeka knew she couldn't blame Ryoko.  All she'd 
done was run away.  But she could blame Tenchi for chasing her.  Why did
he have to do that?  The worst part wasn't that he had gone after her, 
but the fact that he had gone without saying a word to Ayeka, or 
anyone.  Maybe it was wrong of her, but it made Ayeka feel as though 
chasing after Ryoko was more important to Tenchi than the princess was 
herself.  Not only that but it seemed like it was more important to him 
than absolutely anything, disappearing in the manner he had, no time 
spared even to say goodbye to anyone at all, let alone Ayeka.
	That was the way it seemed, and Ayeka prayed and hoped with all 
her heart that it wasn't true.

	Tenchi sat motionless in the small cockpit of the _Light Hawk 
Wing_.  Although their was little space, he didn't feel cramped.  But, 
if one judged by the expression on his face, they wouldn't be able to 
tell that he was feeling anything.  Or if he ever had.
	There were no data or viewing screens in the small ship.  Only a 
single frontal port out into space and a plethora of holographic images 
and readings surrounding him, but all within easy view.  Speed and 
sub-space readings flashed, blinked, and spun constantly all around, 
but he paid them no heed.  Tenchi stared almost blankly out into the 
star-streaked space before him.  It looked so odd from beyond the light-
speed barrier.
	For awhile he had been focused one task and one task only.  But 
now, when he found his emotions settling somewhat, his determination was
replaced by doubt.  No, not replaced.  Only superceded.  He still had to
clear his conscience.  He had to bring Ryoko back; he couldn't let her 
become a space-pirate again, he coulnd't let her suffer because of him. 
But... why...?  And how?
	Why did she have to do this to him?  Why did THEY have to put him 
through this?  What were they so afraid of?  Why did their fears always 
have to put him through these trials?  Trials and fears.  That's what it
was all about.  His trials, their fears.  His trials were their fears, 
and their fears caused his trials.
	Images flashed briefly threw his mind.  Ryoko, teasing him about 
being the "father of her child," being so irritatingly incomprehensible.
Ryoko, tears streaming down her cheeks, begging Kagato to spare his 
life.  Ryoko, being so protective and possessive of him afterwards.  
Ryoko... no, Zero, blushing sheepishly at his mere presence.  Ryoko... 
standing alone beneath a tree in the darkness, wearing the dress he had 
seen in a daydream... crying.
	Tenchi put his head in his hand, grimacing and almost gripping 
his skull as if to try and force the visions of memories to subside.
	*Why can't I get these images out of my head?  I keep seeing these
things!  I love Ayeka!  Why won't Ryoko just leave me alone!*
	He suddenly seemed to almost slump in his seat.  That's exactly 
what she'd done.  Ran away, and left him... alone?  No, he was certainly
not alone, but right now, she was.
	So she had gone.  Yet he was still haunted by her image, now more 
than ever.  It seemed that the further away she got, the more she 
appeared in his thoughts, unbidden, like the appiration of a phantasm.
	Two more images came quickly to him, into the focus of his minds 
eye and out again, as fast as they had come.  Three words, written on 
scrap of paper in a familiar hand, shaky with tears: "Who am I."  It was
written almost as a statement rather than a question.  A scrawled 
numeral: zero.
	*What have you done to me, Ryoko?  Why are you inside my head?*
	He had been able, somehow, to interpret her obscure message, 
though not completely.  Just like with Ryoko herself, his understanding 
of the message was only partial.  
	As though possessed by more than his conscience and his usual 
sense of duty and responsibility, he had headed off into the stars, 
knowing nothing of where he was going, or even where he might go.  And 
now, here he was, realizing his mistakes, nearly devoid of any more 
determination, and still pressing onward, drawn onward, as though some 
unseen force were pulling him.  No, pushing him; it was like someone was
pushing him from behind.
	A particularly incessant light began blinking and making an 
irritating noise.  Tenchi shifted his gaze slightly from the hand over 
his face.  Another ship was moving towards him on an intercept vector.  
Whatever it was that drove him onward told him that if his path was too 
severely obstructed, the intruder would pay a high price.

	Mihoshi was in an uncharacteristically thoughful mood.  But then 
again, the events of that morning had been very worrying.  She had been 
glad that Kiyone had decided to stay, but Tenchi and Ryoko were both 
gone.  Anyway, she was on patrol right now, so the first of these had 
little bearing on her at the moment, and consequently little bearing on 
her thoughts.
	Primarily, she was worried about Tenchi.  Running off like he had 
was not like him at all.  Sure, she liked Tenchi a lot.  She had even 
had a big crush on him for quite awhile after he had saved her.  And, 
she supposed, she still sort of did.  But, besides all that, his recent 
actions, regardless of what those were, had been hurting Ryoko, and now 
Ayeka, more deeply than any hurt Mihoshi herself had ever felt.  Yet, 
even if she knew she could never know the full extent of their pain, she
could empathicly sense the severity of their wounds.
	A small alarm went off nearby.  Deep in contemplation, Mihoshi 
didn't hear it.
	"Mihoshi...!  Mihoshi!" Yukinojo was calling to gain her 
distracted attention.
	"Wha...?  What is it Yukinojo?" she asked, returning to reality.
	"Miss Mihoshi!" Yukinojo continued, sounding very indignant for a 
computer.  "There is a craft nearby that is failing to obey the special 
Solar System speed limitations!"
	"Oh my," Mihoshi said, sounding mildly concerned, "how fast are 
they going?"
	"They are exceeding the theoretical limits of light-speed engine 
capacity!" a flustered Yukinojo explained as several images, charts, and
viewscreens that made little sense to Mihoshi popped up.
	"That sounds bad," Mihoshi replied, staring at the fluctuating 
figures graphed before her.
	"If they don't stop soon they could explode or cause a tear in the
fabric of space!"  Yukinojo sounded almost hysterical.
	"That sounds very bad," Mihoshi confirmed.  Her expression changed
to one of determination.  "Well, we'll just have to stop them."
	Mihoshi increased their speed and accellerated rapidly, but the 
other ship was moving so fast they were unable to intercept.
	"Miss Mihoshi, if you continue accellerating at this pace we are 
just as likely to cause a disaster as the offender is!"
	The Galaxy Police Officer's expression remained firm, and a frown 
creased her lovely, tanned brow.  "Alright Yukinojo, open a 
communications channel, but I'm only giving them three warnings before I
fire!"
	"But Miss Mihoshi!  At this speed, firing on them would -- !"
	"Open the channel," she interrupted.
	The channel was opened and a face began to appear on the display 
screen.
	"This is Galaxy Police Ship Yukinojo!  You have entered the 
specially protected area of the Solar System.  Decrease your speed now 
or I will open fire!"
	"Mihoshi?" the startled face of Tenchi said from the screen.
	"Tenchi?"  Mihoshi was equally surprised.  Then she relaxed.  "Oh,
it's only you Tenchi!"  Her expression changed again as she shook her 
head rapidly, and for an instant looked completely discombobulated.  
Then she returned to her former severity, intensified.
	"You had better turn around and head home right now!" she scolded 
Tenchi, while he still looked bemused.  "You are in BIG trouble!"
	"Uh... Mihoshi, if I'm going too fast --"
	"No no no!" she cut him off, shaking her head, "You made Ayeka 
really sad by running off like that!  Everybody's worried sick!"
	"Hey!" Tenchi retaliated.  "It's not my fault!  I have to find 
Ryoko!"  And he suddenly looked surprised again rather than angry. "I...
I have to...."
	Mihoshi was still severe, and quietly enraged.  She looked more 
angry than he had ever seen her.  "I know what you think you're doing, 
Tenchi, but I don't think you _know_ what you're doing."
	It took Tenchi a moment to decipher Mihoshi's confusing statement:
he thought he had to go after Ryoko, and Mihoshi understood that; _she_ 
thought he had no idea what he was really doing... she was right.
	Tenchi said nothing.
	"I also think you should figure out what you're doing and how you 
really feel before you do something stupid again."
	"I'm a logical person!" Tenchi protested futilely.  "I just have  
a strong conscience!  I am not controlled by my emotions!!"
	"Feelings can be a lot stronger than you think," Mihoshi replied 
in a surprisingly even tone, in contrast to Tenchi's.  "And whatever 
you're trying to do with yours is hurting a lot of people, so just stop 
it!"
	"Mihoshi, I...." Tenchi had no idea what to say.  "I... don't know
what you're saying.  I don't know what you mean, about trying to do 
something with my feelings."
	"Well, you better figure it out," Mihoshi told him.  "Before more 
people get hurt."  And with that, her image disappeared and the small 
blinking speck on his sensor display moved out of range.
	Tenchi stared blindly at the spot where the comm-window had popped
up, now just an empty corner of the front starshield (analogous to 
"windshield") looking out into space.  There was a truth in her words.  
A significant truth.  He certainly would have to think over what his 
real feelings were, and what he was trying to do in conjunction with 
them.  Perhaps there was an act, subconscious or unconscious on his 
part, if not taken directly by him, that was effecting his feelings.  
But what was it?  Maybe these effected feelings were in turn effecting 
his actions.  But how?  What was he trying to do?  What was he even 
doing right now?  These things he would have to find out, and he could 
only discover the answer within himself.
	Tenchi sat in deep thought.  For how long, he could not say.  He 
allowed his intuition, the only direction he had to go on, and his power
to guide him through the stars.
	For hours and hours on end he went over and over many of the 
events of the time he had known Ryoko and Ayeka, events spanning more 
than a year.  Not the ones that stood out so starkly in his mind, but 
mostly the smaller, forgotten incidents.  Sometimes, it's the small 
things that count the most.  He thought over his feelings in light of 
these many, many things.
	He forced himself, though it was painful, to replay every single 
argument, fight, or instance of contention between the two women that 
he could recall, what had caused it, whether it had been provoked, who 
had provoked it, and whether the provocation had been intentional.  And 
most of all, how all of it made him feel, which was usually just 
embarrassed, upset, or confused.  But he tried to look beyond those 
feelings, with all the force of his will.
	He found that, in his memory, Ayeka was nearly as likely to 
start a fight as Ryoko was.  Ryoko did seem to provoke Ayeka a lot more,
but much of it seemed unintentional, though it was hard to say, since 
Ayeka was easily provoked by Ryoko's lavishing of affection on Tenchi.
	He also found that, in this particular case, the scales of his 
heart seemed as evenly balanced.  He was angered with one when she 
provoked the other, and sympathetic towards the one being teased.
	On and on he went, struggling through a plethora of memories, 
joyful and tearful alike, times when he had felt truly complete, to 
times he had felt torn apart.
	Finally, for the first time, he came to a consensus.  He had tried
to choose between the two, and pain had only resulted on all sides.  
Well, he was still master of his own will, and master of his own fate, 
and he would not let even wounds such as these deter him from what he 
knew was right, the one thing that mattered to him above all others, the
one thing he had always believed in, the one thing he knew he could 
still believe in, and with this in mind he would set things right.
	He had to protect the people he knew and loved.  He had to protect
them from hurt, from conflict, and from sadness.  If he did not fight to
protect these precious things -- friends, family, and their simple joy 
and contentment -- what was left?
	Now Tenchi realized what had been pushing him forward.  It was 
himself.  His own Light Hawk power propelled the ship ever forward, by 
the strength of his own will.  He was the force that was driving him 
onward; his power, and his curse.  Because it was his kindness, the 
element of his nature which he so often cursed, that now helped to push 
him forward.  He was his curse; the two were inseperable.  He could no 
sooner deny his kindness than he could deny the right half of his body 
in the name of his left, or even deny his own existence entirely.  
Seperated from his curse he did not exist.  It was an essential and 
undeniable element that made up his being.  Without it, he would not be 
Tenchi Masaki.  Without it, he would be no one.
	All this Tenchi realized, and accepted.  And for now, until the 
world brought the next big thing his way, he knew what he had to do.

Part 2: "The Battle of Fate versus Destiny"
	"What in the world am I doing here?" Kiyone asked herself, not 
quite rhetorically, as she sat in the warm waters of the floating onsen.
However, her question went beyond just the hot springs.  She was aware 
that she was in the onsen because she needed to relax and think, and she
had taken a liking to it in the time she had spent on Earth.  Of course,
that was what her question was really about.  What was she doing on 
Earth?  She should be at back at Headquarters right now receiving an 
assignment, not lounging in a bath on some distant planet.  So why 
didn't she leave?  It wasn't as if she couldn't have the Yagami prepped 
and ready at a moments notice.
	"Miss Kiyone?" a voice murmured from behind her.  Kiyone turned to
see Princess Ayeka, hesitating near the entrance.  "May I... join you, 
Miss Kiyone?" the princess asked, polite as ever.
	The GP Lieutenant smiled half-heartedly and nodded.
	Modestly keeping her towel in place, Ayeka slipped into the water 
nearby, but stayed at a distance.  The princess seemed to be distant in 
more than the physical sense, and looked nervous or worried about 
something.
	"Is something the matter, Lady Ayeka?" Kiyone asked her after 
a minute or two of silently watching the princess frown unseeingly at 
the water.
	"What?" Ayeka looked up.  "Oh, no, it's... it's nothing really, 
Miss Kiyone," she said, looking away from from Kiyone and trying to act 
as though it was such, but only managing to appear even more worried.  
She bit her lip subtly.  "Thank you for for your concerned thoughts, 
though."
	Kiyone shrugged.  If Ayeka didn't want to share her worries then 
that was just as well.  The GP officer had enough worries of her own.  
Although Ayeka did seem more than just a trifle troubled.  Kiyone could 
relate.  The guy who Ayeka had had her heart set on had disappeared, run
off and left with much of her heart still in his possession.  Not 
exactly what had happened with her, but it was what she had been telling
herself had happened for the past four years.
	"Look," Kiyone broke into the silence, surprising herself.  "If 
you think Tenchi is really the guy you love, then don't let him get 
away."
	Ayeka blinked in surprise and said nothing.
	"If you love him, you shouldn't leave his side.  I learned that 
the hard way."  The GP officer could not believe that she was saying the
words she heard coming from her mouth.
	After a pause that was thankfully enough time for Kiyone to gather
her own wits about her, Ayeka spoke, still looking anxious, "But what if
he... what if Tenchi...."
	"--Doesn't love you?" Kiyone finished for her, and then shrugged. 
The police detective leaned back against the edge of the hot spring with
a wry smile on her face.  "If that's the case... then we've got more in 
common than I thought," she said in a quiet mutter, almost as thought 
she was talking to herself more than Ayeka.
	At that moment, her sarcastic expression reminded the princess of 
someone else.  She gasped, and blurted, "You're talking about Riuroshi!"
	"Hmmm," Kiyone smiled slightly, head bowed and eyes closed for a 
moment.  "You are very perceptive, princess."  Slowly, with an almost 
casual or lazy air, Kiyone turned her gaze towards Ayeka.  Her lingering
sorrow and regret could be seen there.
	"I had... 'love'... once," she said in a low but steady tone.  "I 
fouled up, and now it's gone."
	She did not need to say _forever_.  It seemed to resonate from her
being and echo silently about the onsen, the eternal nature of the 
consequences of her mistake.
	"Trust me on one thing, Princess," Kiyone said, looking out across
the warm, soothing water.  "If you're ever lucky enough to find it, 
never trade love for anything."
	The Galaxy Police officer sat there for another minute, staring 
off into space, before rising from the warm waters and leaving the onsen
without another word.

	Ryoko sat, huddled, all alone in the vast darkness of space.  
Ryo-ohki was there, but her sympathetic presence in Ryoko's mind did 
little to comfort the space pirate's lonesome heart.
	Why had she come here?  Why had she run away?  That was not like 
her.  It was... cowardly.  But right now, Ryoko did not feel the least 
bit brave.  She had almost been reduced to the frightened little girl 
she had been in her earliest memories under Kagato's torture.  She had 
become that lonely child again when she had been locked away in the 
cave.  Tenchi had saved her from that darkness, even before he had 
opened the seal.  His presence nearby, the joyous laughter of that 
blessed child, had cured two thousand years of torment and hatred.
	Ryoko shivered.  But now Tenchi was lost to her, it seemed.  And 
it was her fault.  It had to be.  After their first real meeting, he 
could not return her feelings, because she didn't even know how to show 
them properly.  Heady with the feeling of life and freedom in her body 
and limbs, the feeling of the wind in her hair and the air in her lungs,
her emotions had overwhelmed her.  But that did not change the fact that
she was to blame for the way he had rejected her.  She had caused him so
much pain, so she had left.
	All her pain, perception, and power were turned inward, suppressed
by her sadness that she knew she had to endure if Tenchi was going to be
happy.  She wanted him to be happy, more than anything in the world, she
told herself, but she still wished that right now he could be by her 
side, even if it was just for a moment, even if he didn't say a word.  
All he would have to do was smile and her sorrow would be banished, 
knowing he was content.
	But Tenchi was not content.  For awhile he had been torn apart, 
but now he was one again.  Ryoko was so focused inward, so concentrated 
on the image of Tenchi at her side, that she did not know that he was 
actually there.
	A gentle hand fell on her shoulder, and Ryoko looked up into his 
kind, smiling eyes.  She thought that she was dreaming, that he was a 
figment of her imagination.  But his touch and his smile were real.
	He did not speak.
	"T-...Tenchi... what are you doing here?" Ryoko said in what was 
almost a frightened whisper.
	"Looking for you, of course," he said softly, still smiling.
	Ryoko turned away.  "You should go.  You'll be happy with Ayeka.  
You don't need me hanging around."
	"I don't want to be happy at your expense," Tenchi said seriously.
"As a matter of fact, I can't.  I can't be happy knowing you're not."
	"I'm fine," Ryoko said vehemently.  "You should all just forget 
about me and be happy."
	"Ryoko, what are you saying?"  Tenchi knelt down beside her.  "I 
could never forget about you."
	"Well you should," she retorted.  "It's better that way...."
	"Don't you understand?  I can't live like that.  Do you remember 
what I told Kagato?  I'd rather die than forsake any one of you."
	"Why can't you just leave me alone?" Ryoko cried out, throwing her
head back in anguish.  She didn't want him to leave her.  She didn't 
want to be alone again.  She didn't look at him.  She felt like she 
wouldn't be able to bear it.
	"Because, Ryoko... you won't leave me alone," he said evenly, his 
voice still soft.  Ryoko's eyes went wide, and there were tears in them,
but she still did not turn to face Tenchi.
	"It's like we're... connected," he continued, lowering his eyes 
thoughtfully.  "I could feel your loneliness when you were in that cave.
And I felt it again....  I could sense where you were out here, in this 
emptiness, just like I could sense you in the cave.
	"Whatever the case may be, Ryoko," he said after a small pause, 
raising his head and his voice.  "I've realized something...."
	Ryoko's breath caught unconsciously in her throat.
	"I have no right to put you through this... to put any of you 
through this.  You're not to blame.  No one is to blame.  Sometimes, 
things just happen.
	"I have no right to think I know which path is the right one, at 
my age.  I have no right to choose, when I don't even know what life is 
about, much less what love is about.
	"I love Ayeka, but... I love you too."  Finally, Ryoko looked at 
him; she could not stop herself.  He was smiling.
	"You're a great friend, Ryoko -- no, you're more.  Tenchi said, 
and smiled again.  "There are plenty of years between now and forever, 
Ryoko.  My feelings may change.  So may yours.  I may not care about you
two in the same ways, but who am I to say what love is?  I'm not even 
eighteen yet, for crying out loud."
	Ryoko turned to face him all the way, returning his smile that 
filled her with such warmth, banishing her loneliness for good.  "But 
you are," she said, and she was radiant in her beautiful smile.  "Happy 
Birthday... Tenchi."
	Yet another revelation came to Tenchi.  He must have been 
travelling for several days straight; today was his birthday.  He was 
surprised to realize this.  But it was a symbol of his nature, putting 
others before himself.
	"I'm sorry I don't have a present for you," Ryoko said, drying her
tears.
	"The best present you could give me right now is coming back home 
with me," he replied, still smiling.
	"Hmmh... home," Ryoko said, as if it were almost amusing.  "I 
guess it is home."
	"Of course it is," Tenchi agreed.  "I've heard that 'home' is 
someplace you will always be welcome, whenever you return, and no matter
where you go or what you do.  Your family is waiting there.  Your 
mother, your brother... your sisters... Dad, Grandpa... and me."  He 
offered her his hand, outstretched to her, as he continued smiling.  She
looked at his hand.  A simple friendly gesture of the kind Tenchi might 
offer to anyone.  But behind his smile there was more, a depth of caring
that was focused on her specifically.  She realized that although he was
kind, Tenchi, like any human, did not care for everyone equally.  No, 
that would be impossible.  His true kindness, even if it seemed 
immeasurable, was reserved for a select few.  And she, Ryoko, was one of
those few.  For now, until the world brought the next big thing their 
way, that was enough.

	Their arrival was a jumble of worried questions in a crowd of 
relieved faces.  Tenchi stood in the midst and simply smiled, nodding 
periodically at nothing in particular and remaining silent.  He did not 
see Ayeka, and wondered why she was not there to greet him.
	Ayeka stood back from the crowd of welcomers, unwilling to bridge 
the short distance between herself and the man she loved.  After their 
sudden, unexpected seperation, worrying so much and wondering why he had
gone away, she hesitated at the last few paces because she feared the 
answer to her questions.
	"He looks so content, doesn't he?" a strange voice came from 
behind her.  Starled Ayeka turned and saw Ray, standing in the dimming 
shadows of the evening.  The sun was setting behind him, an unnatural 
blood red through the smog of some distant city, and it lit the leaves 
of the trees with a dull fire and rendered Ray's form into a dark 
silouette, giving the whole seen an eerie aspect, casting a red glow 
upon the waters of the lake. It seemed as if the sun was not setting, 
but gasping its last celestial breath before dying out and being forever
extinguished.  Ayeka shivered, though it was warm.
	"I remember," Ray continued, his voice a low whisper but still 
seeming to project itself out across the whole lake valley, "that you 
asked me a question, and I said I would think on it."
	His head was bowed, and his long, red and near-black bangs covered
much of his face.  He began walking very slowly and steadily forward.  
"Well, I have thought and I think I may have an answer for you," he 
said, and lifted his face slightly so that she could make out his mouth 
through the shadows.  His lips twisted into his usual smirk, but it 
seemed filled with far more bitterness.
	"Lady Ayeka, you asked me if I ever... got over the one woman in 
my life whom I have loved the most.  You asked me if I ever forgot about
her...."
	Ray stopped walking forward.  All eyes were now on him.  His voice
sounded oddly harsh when he spoke again.  "The answer... is no!"
	He paused for a moment.  "I will never forget her.  I will never 
stop caring for her and wanting to protect her.  I love her even now.  
All my life, I have felt that the life l've led has been my fate, and I 
I have stood by my belief.  Well, no longer.  I made my own fate when I 
left Jurai.  I sealed my fate, and in it I sealed myself forever away 
from her.  But no longer... no longer."
	"Today..." Ray looked up, the shadows fell from his face, and his 
eyes were full of terrifying, mad determination.  "I will change that 
fate, or end it here!"
	Reaching into the inside of his black jacket, Ray produced an 
indistinct object and held it forth in his hand.  "Tenchi Masaki!" he 
declaimed.  "It is you who twist fate around you, and use it for your 
own ends.  Look around you.  See how many threads of fate you have 
woven about you, drawing all these people from their true paths and 
bringing them to you from across the universe?
	"Well..." Ray said, his voice calm and his expression ironic as an
invisible ring of energy rippled out from him and the death-black blade 
of the Kumanai-ken tore forth from its hilt.  "I will free them and 
myself from your grasp when I free your dark soul from your body!"
	"What... what is this?  Stop it, please," Ayeka implored, backing 
slowly away from her friend gone mad, a look of horror on her face.  
"What are you saying? What are you doing?  Stop it at once!  I command 
you!  I beg you!"
	Ray's expression was one of grim, almost tired neutrality.  "Lady 
Ayeka, it does not matter that you don't love me," he said, and Ayeka 
gasped.  "I will destroy Tenchi, and then you will be free.  Free to go 
wherever you want, and be whoever you wish.  And I will always be there 
to protect you."
	When he finished speaking, it was as if the rest of existence were
lost in silence, and he was the only one capable of speech.
	*"I never told her,"* he had said.  *"Why ever not?"* she had 
asked.  *"She was Juraian nobility above my station,"* he had replied, 
*"and she was betrothed"...*  These words echoed in Ayeka's mind, and 
she realized *THAT WAS ME!*  He had been talking about her.
	More memories came back to her, and Ayeka was taken back to the 
time when she and Ray had first met....

	"Riuroshi, this is Princess Ayeka.  I'm sure you've heard of her,"
Washu said as she gestured to the princess.
	Ayeka made an elegant curtsy.  "How do you do, Master Riuroshi.  
You are Washu's son?  I am very glad to see you've found each other, and
very glad to meet you myself."
	Ray had been gazing at her with a neutral expression that seemed 
to hold some inner glimmer of interest, but upon hearing who she was his
eyes grew wide and his face became far more readable as he went nearly 
slack-jawed.
	"You--you're Princess Ayeka of Jurai!" was all he managed to blurt
out unceremoniously.  But then, as though remembering himself, he bowed 
very low and gave his own more gracious greeting.  "It is... an honor 
and a pleasure, My Lady."
	Though she hardly took notice in her worry first over Tenchi's 
subdued and silent manner at dinner, he watched her surreptitiously for 
some time after that....

	Had there been something other than mere awe and curiosity in his 
expression that night?  After all, he was of noble birth himself and had
been around Juraian Royalty often enough.  And had there been something 
other than simple friendship in his eyes when he favored her with his 
caring smile so many times after that?  Ayeka could not say, but his 
words seemed to speak the answer for her.
	To look at him now, one would never guess that he had ever held a 
loving smile in his eyes.  Now his eyes were only filled with burning 
madness, with the screams of twelve-thousand years of painful fate.
	"Now, 'Lord' Tenchi, you die," he said with only a hint of malice.
	"That's enough, Ray!" Ryoko shouted, shouldering herself in front 
of Tenchi.  "Nobody talks to my Tenchi like that!"
	"Ryoko, please get out of the way," a calm, soft voice said from 
behind her.  With large, astonished eyes, Ryoko turned and saw Tenchi 
with a look of complete, placid, distilled calm, of the sort that is 
more frightening than any anger or hatred, upon his face.  "If Ray is 
determined to fight me, then I will have to fight him myself.  I 
wouldn't want you to get hurt."
	"I suggest you listen to the lad, 'dear sister'," Ray said with a 
note of sarcasm.  "I do not intend to harm you, but if you get in my way
I cannot guarantee your safety."
	"Please, Ryoko, step aside.  This is my fight."  Though he spoke 
in a calm request, concerned for her safety, Tenchi seemed almost as 
immovable in his resolve as Ray.  Reluctantly, she floated to one side.
	With a smirk, Ray prepared himself and charged.  His mother was 
screaming at him, but he payed her no heed.  His sister was glaring at 
him with a look that spelled death, but he did not care.  The woman whom
he loved was crying bitter tears of fear and anger, but he did not see 
her.  All he saw was the young man he was determined to kill.
	Tenchi, it would seem, was unarmed.  But he put his hands before 
him and the Light Hawk Sword materialized within his grasp and he 
blocked Ray's attack.  The man leared in his face with insane pleasure. 
He had obviously gone completely out of his head.
	But the situation remained horribly dangerous.  Ray had been 
practicing Juraian swordplay for over ten-thousand years.  The only 
advantages Tenchi possibly had was his Light Hawk power and the more 
advanced form of his techniques.  Juraian kendo had evolved since Ray 
had studied it, not to mention Grandfather's own personal improvements 
on it, but Ray displayed an incredible mastery of the blade.
	Ray moved like he could fly, and attacked with a swiftness that 
was uncanny, beyond anything he had previously displayed.  Tenchi was 
hard pressed.  The young man was sweating cold bullets.
	*Perhaps I will die?* he thought.  Maybe it was for the best.  
Afterall, he wasn't much use protecting his friends if he couldn't even 
save himself. Ironically, he had to save himself from the madness of one
of them.  They would be upset if he had to go.  But maybe it was his 
fate to die this way.
	And maybe he was a demi-god, Ray was perfectly sane and everyone 
else was crazy, and the goddamn moon was made of cheese.
	They broke apart for a moment, and Tenchi glanced hastily around 
through the haze of sweat.  Ayeka was on her knees, her eyes wide and 
wet with tears that no longer came, staring in shock and disbelief at 
what she was seeing.  Kiyone stood behind her with a hand on the 
princesses shoulder and a similar expression on her face and Mihoshi 
stood beside her looking worried and frightened.  Ryoko was crying as 
she struggled to keep herself from charging into the fray.  Grandfather,
still unreadable, placed a restraining hand on her shoulder, and then so
did Tenchi's Father, who looked grim.  Sasami stood nearby clutching 
Ryo-ohki, and Washu next to her with a blank look on her face.
	"Ri... Riuroshi..." she whispered almost inaudibly.  She suddenly 
burst out and cried, "Have you lost your mind!  Stop this madness!  
Listen to me Riu!"
	"Who are you to dictate my fate to me?" he asked rhetorically, 
looking at her with the same unfeeling expression.
	"I'm your mother!" Washu screamed, tears falling from her eyes.
	"My mother?"  More madness crept back into his eyes.  "My mother?!
So what if you're my mother!  You left us to fend for ourselves!  You 
ruined my father's life!  Because of you, he died young, a sad, tortured 
man!  _You_ killed him!!"
	"NO!" Washu cried, and collapsed.  "I didn't..." she whimpered as 
Mihoshi ran over to aid her.  "I didn't...."
	"You!" Tenchi suddenly bellowed.  Ray returned his attention to 
his opponent.  There was intense, burning anger in the young man's eyes.
"How dare you!"  Tenchi leapt at Ray with a blood curdling yell.
	Ray responded in kind, and the two men clashed in the air with a
colossal burst of light and fell to the ground on opposite sides.  Both 
stood breathing heavily for a moment.  Then Ray smirked, his eyes hidden
once again beneath his hair.  Tenchi clutched his left upper arm and 
stumbled.  Blood seeped from between his fingers.
	Staggeringly, he turned around to face Ray, his eyes round.
	"What are you?" he breathed.
	Ray gave an unnatural, mad-sounding laugh.  "Who do you think!" 
he replied.  "I'm the next big thing!--I'm the last!  I'm the end.  Say 
goodbye, Tenchi."
	Lifting his hand, energy formed within his grasp.  But it was not 
of the normal deep blue color.  It was a pitch black that radiated 
darkness, crackling with veins of dark red.  Reaching his palm outward, 
Ray sent a huge blast rocketing towards Tenchi, and the young man was 
flung backwards, flipping over entirely, head over heals.
	"Lord Tenchi!" Ayeka cried.
	"Tenchiiii!!" Ryoko screamed, trying to break away from Yosho's 
restraining grasp.
	"You needn't worry about him any more.  He has met his fate."
	"I told you," came a strangled voice as Tenchi struggled to his 
feet, his left shoulder sagging and bloodstained.  He looked up into 
Ray's eyes and reciprocated the determination there, pound for pound.  
"I don't believe in fate."
	Two Light Hawk Wings suddenly appeared beside him and converged on
his body, encasing him in his Light Hawk battle garments.  He charged 
Ray noiselessly with startling speed.
	"Looks like you're having some trouble accepting your fate," Ray 
said as Tenchi's white blade clashed with Ray's black.
	"_I_... _don't_... _believe_... _in_... FATE!" Tenchi gritted 
through his teeth, shouting the last word as he sent Ray realing back.
	Ray easily regained his balance and rushed in again.  Tenchi 
thrust at him, but Ray dodged and struck out at Tenchi's side as he ran 
by, slicing him across his ribcage underneath his left arm.  Tenchi let 
out a brief bark of pain, but turned to face Ray again.  Ray charged 
again, and Tenchi was prepared, but not for the huge blast that struck 
him.  When Ray swung at Tenchi's neck, the young man dodged back, but 
the energy released from Kumiro's sword was so great that it knocked him
to the ground.
	Tenchi's eyes were closed.  He did not move.  Neither did Ray. He 
stood for a moment, and slowly moved toward his fallen opponent, his 
face grim, looking mentally tired but determined, sagging, and ashen,
almost like a dead man.
	Yosho suddenly let go of the bawling Ryoko.  She was so surprise 
that she turned and looked at him in wonder.  Without haste, as though 
he had all the time in the universe, Yosho -- no Katsuhito, far humbler 
but far nobler and greater still -- took the Tenchi-ken from its resting
place at his waste and held it lightly before him, then raising his gaze
to smile ever-so-slightly into the tearstained face of Ryoko.
	"Can you save my grandson whom you love?" he asked softly.  His 
eyes seemed to hold some inner sadness.
	Now Ray stood over the young man he had so recently called his 
friend.  "It ends!" Ray shouted, his eyes and voice horrifying, as he 
raised his sword up over his head to deliver the killing blow.
	A red and black blur struck him hard in the midrif and took him 
soaring across the open ground until both crashed into a wall of the 
house.  The wall collapsed, and Ryoko floated up from the destruction, 
seeming to give off tangible waves of power.  She possessed all three 
gems once again, and she revelled triumphantly in the glory of it.
	Suddenly, Ray exploded from the heaps of rubble and charged her 
full force.  She parried his blow, but he swung again, and again, in 
a rapid succession that was almost a blur, and she was pushed all the 
way back to where Tenchi still lay prone.
	Ray attacked her with a fervor that was terrifying, and soon cuts 
marred her beautiful body.
	"Sister?  Sister you say?" Ray ranted.  "Heartless bitch!  You've 
destroyed whole planets, laid waste to entire star systems, murdered and
pillaged and burned!  You'd as soon kill me as look at me!"
	It was all Ryoko could do to withstand the barrage of physical and
psychological attacks.  She winced as another stroke grazed her arm.
	"After I finish you, I'll kill that bastard Tenchi so he can join 
you in hell!" he shouted.
	"Don't touch him!" Ryoko screamed.  A powerful burst of energy 
rippled out from her, and there was a flash of golden light.
	When vision returned to the world, three arcs of swirling, golden-
red light had formed before her, the color of the purest sunset.
	"What!?" Ray shrieked in disbelief.  What was this phenomenon?  
	"Don't you dare hurt Tenchi!" Ryoko cried.  She pointed her sword,
which had taken on a more elaborate and menacing appearance, at Ray, and
a beam of concentrated energy shot out from it.  The golden-red, firey 
energy engulfed Ray.
	When the smoke and dust cleared, all were greeted with a sight 
that was even more frightening.  Ray stood, unharmed, with his head down
and his arms crossed in and X before him.  In front of him hovered four 
similar wings of black.  To all appearances, Dark Hawk Wings.
	Washu gasped at the sight.  Already on her knees, she collapsed 
further.  Several disjointed images, snippets of memories she'd never 
had, appeared to her.
	Nearby, still clutching Ryo-ohki and crying, Sasami was reliving 
her worst nightmare.  The man who stood before them, the man who had 
once been Ray... there was something in his eyes that brought back 
horrible images to her.  The picture of a terrifying woman, a woman who 
was not a woman, beautiful and horrible, regal and heartless, 
superimposed itself over him in her tear-clouded vision.  "T... Tokimi," 
she whispered.
	Washu's eyes snapped open.  *Tokimi....*
	Ray chuckled slightly and raised his head.
	Without a word, the Wings dematerialized and Ray thrust his sword 
straight forward.  It passed through one of Ryoko's three shields with a
mind-splitting energy screech, piercing her chest.
	There was a moment when time seemed to stand still.  Then, Ryoko's
expression changed slowly, gradually from one of shock to one of sad, 
peaceful acceptence.  *Tenchi....*  She had been unable to save him.  
The world seemed fo move in slow motion as Ryoko closed her eyes, her 
firey hawk wings disappeared, and she fell silently to the cold earth. 
	"Riuroshi," a strangled voice came from nearby as Tenchi struggled
once again to his feet, cold, calculated anger on his pale face.  "For 
this, Ray, I will have to kill you."
	"You just won't stay down, will you, fool?!" Ray spat.
	The Light Hawk sword appeared in Tenchi's hand at his side, and he
raised it up to point at Ray.  "Shut the hell up and die."
	With a twisted grin, Ray bellowed and made a powerful swing at 
Tenchi, who parried.  Still grinning, Ray lifted his blade and struck 
again, and again at Tenchi's blocking sword.  On the third impact, the 
Light Hawk Sword shattered.
	Tenchi gasped for breath, as it suddenly felt like his soul had 
been similarly smashed into a thousand sharp fragments that were cutting
and burning through his flesh.  Struggling, he fell to his knees.
	"Tenchi..." a soft voice came to him, and at first he thought it 
was in his mind.  It sounded like Ryoko, but she was dead, or almost 
dead.  A hand reached out to him from nearby.  It _was_ Ryoko, bleeding 
like the vivid vision of a martyr beside him.  "Live..." she whispered.
	Tenchi stood up startled as a firey pain errupted in his head.  It
increased in severity until he felt his skull would crack open right 
along the bridge of his nose, down between his eyes, and split his head 
in two.  His forehead was on fire.  He clapped a hand there and closed 
his eyes against the searing pain.  The contact nearly burned the palm 
of his hand.  He felt three, small half-domes there, upon the symbol of 
power that adorned his brow, glowing with heat and energy, and untold 
power beyond the idle imaginings of men.
	Behind his eyelids visions flashed past at an alarming rate, and
he saw... everything.  At first he thought he was dying, but he soon 
realized it was not only his own life that flashed before his eyes.  A 
thousand and one memories of the past, some his own, others not, filled 
his being, lifting a veil from his eyes and imbuing him with more power 
than that of the three gems whiched burned ceaselessly into his mind.  
And, quite suddenly, he knew.  Tenchi knew the answer to the mystery 
that had been plagueing him, more humble and closer to home than the 
grand mysteries of life and the universe, but far more important to him 
than all the knowledge of the stars.
	All around were in awe.  Tenchi was hovering a foot above the 
ground, and firey tendrils of red and gold energy streamed outward from 
his forehead where three dazzlingly brilliant gems lay embedded at the 
tops of the three strokes of his mark of power, which itself glowed with
a bright, white-blue light.
	The raging power subsided as Tenchi opened his eyes.  A shimmering
aura still surrounded him as he hung suspended by the shear power he 
emitted.  The three blades of the Light Hawk Wings appeared before him. 
	Ray seemed duly impressed, but he smirked.  "You'll have to do 
better than that, boy."  He materialized his own four dark blades.
	Tenchi did not speak a word.  The blades of his triumvirate of 
Wings each seperated, and formed six seperate arcs of pure light.
	"What!?" Ray screamed, his maniac eyes widening and his pupils 
shrinking.  "That's impossible!"
	The six blades extended, widening, and overlapped, forming a 
convex circle pointing at Ray.  The small hole which remained in the 
center began to hum and glow with a bright light as a huge globe of 
energy formed there, quickly, but seemingly without haste.  Tenchi's 
face was calm and lacked even the smallest hint of belligerence.  His 
wounds had sealed completely.
	The blast engulfed Ray and his Dark Hawk Wings.  He leaned into 
the force of it, pushing to withstand it with all his might, but his 
shields disintigrated in a swift burst of blood-red flames and he was 
catapulted backwards.
	Ray staggered to one knee.  His breathing was ragged and he was 
staring blankly at Tenchi who was slowly floating towards him.
	"Ray!" someone cried and dashed towards him.  He swiftly turned 
and impaled Kiyone on his sword.  It sank in right up to the hilt.
	There was a moment where the shocked horror on Ray's face almost 
matched that of Kiyone's.  Then a tear came into her eye, and she 
whispered hoarsely, almost inaudible, "I wanted to say... that I love 
you...."  She slid from the blade and onto the ground.
	Ray looked around at the destruction.  Everyone was in some state 
of emotional or physical collapse, save the two combatants.  Even Yosho 
sat heavily upon the ground, looking more tired than a man could ever 
be.  Ryoko, his sister, lay dying, possibly already dead, and the same 
with Kiyone.  They had fallen at the point of his sword.
	A swift hand reached out and gripped Ray by the front of his 
cranium.  He was lifted off the ground and found himself dangling 
helplessly, eye to eye with the impassive visage of a quietly vengeful 
Tenchi.
	Tenchi closed his eyes, and Ray's entire body burst into agony.  
He writhed like a worm on a hook as each cell in his being seemed to 
catch fire simultaniously.
	People screamed at Tenchi to stop.  He did not seem to hear.
	But Ray abruptly did something incredible.  His eyes and teeth 
clenched against the seering power that set fire to his soul, Ray raised
his hand up, his fingers twitching in pain.  Within this agonized claw, 
a small point of black energy began to form, and flicker.  It grew into 
a dark, small globe of energy which he seemed to physically clutch, as 
if holding on to save his ebbing life.  Lightning veins of blood-red 
energy crackled along its surface, deepened to violet, then blue, and 
suddenly began radically alternating from blood-red, to golden-red, to 
deep blue, dancing across the jet black globe.  Tenchi appeared to 
remain totally oblivious to all of this.  And then, something seemed to 
happen within that dark orb, just as something imperceptible seemed to 
change inside of Ray, as a blue glow began within the black, and quickly
radiated outward.  The whole thing began to flicker -- black, red, blue,
yellow -- and burst into a blinding light of no describable color that 
shone out from between his fingers and his death-grip on the surging 
power of three worlds combined.
	All of this seemed to happen in one single, slow instant.  In the 
next tedious blink of an eye, Ray bellowed something incoherent through 
his pain and thrust the sphere of energy forward, sending it and his arm
crashing through the Light Hawk shield which surrounded Tenchi.  The 
explosion was tremendous, and it washed over those surrounding as a wave
of blinding light.  Ray's sleeve was shredded instantly, and the Light 
Hawk shield burst into a million glass-like shards of pure energy that 
tore through his clothing, but passed through his body with seemingly no
effect, belied by the look of pain on his face, before each disappeared 
in a momentary burst of white flame.  The blow sent Tenchi flying back 
to crash hard into the earth, as Ray collapsed to his knees amidst 
flashes of white fire dancing about him in the air.
	After an indefinite pause in which all seemed still save for the 
hiss of his ragged breathing, Ray struggled to his feet and staggered to
where Tenchi lay propped on one arm, clutching his chest where the blow 
had struck him, and gazing at Ray with the wary look of one who suspects
he has lost but remains unafraid.  That attack had been beyond anything 
he had ever felt, ever imagined, and his body was an empty flask, 
drained dry of the energy utilized to keep that same flask from from 
being broken.  The power from the gems was building within him once 
again; he would be able to stand in a few moments.  Too little, too 
late.  Even with the gems to aid him, his restoration would not come 
before his destruction could be wrought.  He was a helpless observer, 
and he hated it, waiting silently for his own demise.  If only he had 
understood these vast energies he weilded.  If only he had been able to 
better control this power of his... if only....
	But these were useless thoughts, he knew; too little, too late.
	Once again, but with a lethargic slowness, Ray surveyed the damage
he had caused, squinting against the slight zephyr that blew threw his 
hair.  He looked back down at Tenchi, and smiled.  But Ray's expression 
held no malice.  It seemed almost sad.
	He flipped his sword around so that the blade faced downward.  
Tenchi prepared himself for the killing blow that would come.
	With a lingering sadness in his eyes, Ray looked up at Ayeka, 
frozen on her knees in fear and shock with tears on her cheeks that 
seemed frozen as well.
	"Forever," he said, and drove the dark blade straight into his own 
chest.
	There was a moment in which nothing happened, and no sound 
disturbed the silent universe.  Then Ray stumbled back a few steps, the 
tiny smile of sadness still on his face.
	The blade that was driven cleanly through him exploded into a 
blinding white light.  There seemed to be tears in Ray's eyes as he was 
obscured in the blinding radiance and he lifted his head up, letting out
a gutteral cry that sounded nothing like a death cry.  It sounded like 
a funeral bell, a battle cry, and a dirge of mourning.  After a moment, 
the light subsided, and Ray, Riuroshi Kumanai, lay contentedly lifeless 
upon the cold earth beneath the stars.
	Everything was still for only an instant.
	"Quickly, check Kiyone, I'll get a doorway open to my lab!" Washu 
barked as her holo-computer appeared at her fingertips.
	Mihoshi was the first to reach Kiyone, and she threw herself down 
on the ground and started bawling her head off.  "Oh no, Kiyoneeeh!"
	"She's alive, I think," Nobuyuki informed her after checking for a
faint pulse in her neck.  "At least she hasn't lost very much blood."
	After hearing this, Sasami and Ryo-ohki moved quickly to Ryoko's 
side.  With tears in her eyes, Sasami fell to her hands and knees in 
the space pirate's blood.
	"Ryoko, don't die!  Don't die!"
	"Miya, miyaah!!"
	At first there was no movement from her, no sign of life.  Then 
her eyelids fluttered minutely, but hardly opened.
	"I'm sorry, Sasami," she murmured, and her voice could barely be 
heard.  She wished she could see Tenchi one last time.  Her lips moved 
slowly, forming one word: "... Tenchi...."
	As though conjured by her will, he was before her, kneeling on one
knee in her blood.
	"You can't die now, Ryoko," he told her in a soft, soothing voice.
"You have so much to live for."
	"No... it's better...."  She could not finish.  She began slipping
slowly into blackness.
	Fingertips brushed the side of her face, and suddenly she felt her
strength returning, reviving her.  She opened her eyes, and saw Tenchi's
arm outstretched to her.  The three gems were gone from his forehead, 
and the aura of great power faded from around him.
	Ryoko was crying.  "Why did you save me?  Why couldn't you just 
let me die and forget about me, and be happy?"
	"I told you I can't live like that," Tenchi replied.  "If you 
ceased to be a part of my life, my life would also cease."
	Ryoko stopped crying abruptly.
	After a moment, Tenchi said, "Let me show you something."  He 
leaned forward and gently pressed his forhead to hers.  The gems on her 
wrists glowed brightly.
	Old memories flooded back to her.  Of her years terrorizing the 
galaxy under Kagato's cruel control.  Of her time in the cave, and 
everything since.  But the part that struck her most was the thousand 
and three-hundred and some years before she had been subdued and 
imprisoned, when she had rampaged across the known universe, killing and
burning.  And worst of all, how she had enjoyed it.  How she had reveled
in the pain she had inflicted on entire planets, revenging her burning 
hatred for her master in the only escape from him she had.  *Tenchi had 
seen this!*  The gems had shown him.  All the years of pain and hatred, 
before he'd taught her how to care, how to love.
	When he pulled away, she was crying again.
	"Why couldn't you let me die!?" she sobbed.
	"Is this what you were afraid of?  These things of the past?" he 
asked her in the same calm tone.
	Ryoko's tears sprang anew.  "You did see!" she cried.  "You saw it
all.  How I hated and raged and burned and killed."  She felt like 
tearing the accursed, treacherous gems from her body.  They had saved 
his life, but rendered hers null and void.  They had given life to her 
worst fear, her only fear, just as they had given it to him, and now to 
her so that she would have to face that fear.
	He lifted her up off the ground and stood, and she sobbed quietly 
in his arms for a moment.
	"You must hate me..." she sobbed hoarsely.
	"Ryoko, I could never hate you.  I told you that."  She looked up 
into his face and saw he was beaming a smile.  "Is that all you were 
afraid of?  That I'd find out about your past?  About your old feelings 
of hate?  Dead feelings.  That's all they are.  Dead and gone."
	He looked up, still smiling.  "I'm as sneaky as a fox, you know 
that Ryoko?"  She didn't know; he wasn't making any sense to her.  "I 
really outsmarted myself.  I couldn't even figure it out.  Imagine it: 
this whole time I've been trying to apply _logic_ to a situation where 
logic is completely superfluous and irrelevent."
	He looked back down at her again, and his kind gaze filled her 
with untold warmth.  "Love and logic don't mix," he said, seeming almost
amused by notion.
	"That doesn't make any sense," she murmured, starting to smile 
back.
	"That's just the thing, Ryoko," Tenchi replied.  "It doesn't have 
to.  It just is."
	He leaned forward again.  It was just the barest brush of his lips
on hers, but in that instant, when their foreheads touched again, there 
was a connection, like an electric shock between them, that was deeper 
than anything physical.  In that milisecond of contact, Ryoko saw 
Tenchi, as he was now, and as he had been through the past eighteen 
years of his life.  She had watched him grow up, but now she witnessed 
everything in more detail than ever before, through him.
	When he lifted his head years later, Ryoko understood.  He had 
seen her life, but he had seen his own as well, and everything had been 
put in perspective.  He had shared all these memories with her, to help 
her see that everything made sense once they accepted that _they_ didn't
have too.
	But, in a way, they did.  Two lives, two sets of memories, which 
apart made no sense, when put together, seemed to finally come into 
focus.  Ryoko knew the question she had been trying to ask Tenchi had 
finally been answered, in three words that need not be spoken.  It had 
been in three unspoken words that Ryoko had told Tenchi who she was, 
that she was the very same sincerity and love that he had seen in Zero, 
that she was and had always been Zero.  And it was in three unspoken, 
unwritten words that Tenchi now responded, telling Ryoko that without 
her, he was equal to the very same: zero; nothing.
	"It doesn't matter who you are, Ryoko," Tenchi told her.
	"You're not afraid?" Ryoko asked with tears in her eyes, and knew 
he was not.
	"No more trials and fears," Tenchi murmured to her.
	"No," Ryoko said, her voice choked with joy, sorrow, and fatigue. 
She turned her head slightly to look towards where her brother lay.  
"One more, Tenchi, one more...."
	Tenchi looked up.  Ayeka was kneeling beside Ray's still form, 
head bowed and positioned so that he could not see her face.  He 
hesitated a moment, unsure if she was aware of what had transpired 
between him and Ryoko.  Slowly, he trudged the few, anxious, daunting 
steps to stand beside her, Ryoko still lying in his arms.
	"Ayeka," he murmured, but she did not seem to hear him or even 
perceive his presence.
	Tenchi looked down at Ray.  He had a small smile on his lips as he
often had in life.  Only this one was much different.  There was still 
that hint of irony, and it was a bittersweet smile of regret, but it 
was somehow contented.  His sealed eyes were sad, and a tear had 
coalesced in the corner of one.  A fragment of the dark sword he had
weilded was still clutched tightly in his hand.  His hair had turned a 
startling gray at the roots, as if he had aged in his last moments of 
life.  But he seemed so serene and undisturbed that he might have 
appeared asleep, if not for his torn garments, and the dark hole marring
his chest.
	Ayeka raised her head slightly, but did not look at Tenchi.  She 
spoke, but did not seem to be addressing him.
	"Was anything he said really true?" she asked.
	Washu stepped forward to answer.  She looked extremely shaken, but
very self-assured for someone who had just lost her only son.  A bitter 
smile not unlike the one Ray had sometimes worn in life was on her face.
	"Yes, all of what he said was true, after a fashion," she said.  
"But that evil blade twisted his emotions.  It was a dark tool, created 
to play upon a persons selfish desires.  Above all else, my son desired 
your safety and happiness, to be by your side and protect you.
	"The sword was meant to reveal things to him that might help or 
things that might impede the fulfilment of his desire.  Because of this,
and because of his nature as my son, the mystery of Tenchi's control 
over fate was shown to him."
	"You don't mean..." Tenchi began, full of disbelief, "you don't 
mean I actually...?  Unconsciously, maybe....  No, it can't be!"
	"No, Tenchi," Washu replied calmly.  "You are certainly not an 
evil manipulator of the threads of reality.  That demonic sword did not 
effect my son as it would have any normal mortal being.  It brought back
terrifying images from his past, to bring out the evil in him.  But 
Riuroshi has had a long and troubled life.  Not only did the sword twist
and broaden his perception of reality, it eventually drove him to near 
madness.
	"No, what you are is not a controller of peoples fate, but rather 
you are almost the opposite.  You have unusual control over your own 
fate, over your destiny.  The normal rules do not apply to you, and you 
make your own future.  Consequently, those around you are also safe from
those who might wish to manipulate or control their fate."
	Tenchi was astounded by everything she said.  "Who would try to 
control someone's future like that?"
	Washu's sarcastic smile.  "Who do you think?  Do you doubt the 
possible existence of beings beyond our mortal comprehension?"
	Tenchi shook his head.  The import of her rhetorical questions 
almost gave him a shiver.
	"It was one of these beings that was trying to manipulate my 
Riuroshi," she said, looking down at his lifeless body upon the ground, 
and then continued with a smile and a look of bemusement, as if talking 
to herself.  "So perhaps love does conquer all.  Even goddesses."
	There was silence for a moment as everyone present seemed to be 
gazing sadly at the dead man, each with their own sad thoughts.
	Ayeka, still kneeling beside Ray, raised her head again and spoke.
"What will become of me now?  Where will I go?"
	"But, Miss Ayeka..." Tenchi said, sounding confused if not a bit 
worried, "there's no need to go.  You can stay here, with everyone."
	Ayeka stood, and finally looked at Tenchi.  She smiled and wiped a
tear away from her eye.  "I'm sorry.  Your offer is very kind, but I'm 
afraid I can't stay.  I wish I could, but there are now more reasons for
me to go than to remain," she replied, still smiling and holding back 
tears.  Tenchi had to admire her strength.  She was being so brave, and 
Tenchi wished he could just take her in his arms and tell her she didn't
have to.  But he could not, because he held Ryoko.  Tenchi looked down 
at the woman in his arms.  She seemed to have fallen asleep, exhausted 
from the drain on her power, and looked happier and more beautiful than 
ever.  Holding her so close, he did not want to let her go.  He wanted 
to hold her like this in his arms forever.  He was greatly saddened, but
he knew that if he wanted to hold onto Ryoko, he would have to let Ayeka
go.  And Ayeka knew that as well.  Maybe she had known before he had.
	"I understand," Tenchi replied softly, closing his eyes to keep 
his sorrow under control.
	Ayeka smiled sadly again, and looked up at the sky reflectively.  
"I have loved two men in my life, and only the one man who I did not 
love could feel that way for me."
	"That is not entirely true, Ayeka," Yosho said as he seemed to 
materialize from nowhere.  He looked haggard, and almost as if he were 
growing old again.  "My grandson did love you, in his own way.  And I 
have always loved you as my dear sister.
	"I left Jurai to prevent conflict between us," he continued.  "I 
knew I was fated to be Emperor, but I also sensed I could make my 
destiny elsewhere, and perhaps by leaving I could give you a better fate
than an arranged marriage to your elder half-brother who would 
invariably become your enemy.  The thought that you might one day grow 
to hate me was worst of all."
	He sighed slightly, looking still more tired.  "When you came here
I saw the fate at work between you and my grandson.  I did not want to 
complicate things, so I kept mostly silent.  But I saw that you could be
happy with Tenchi if the two of you were fated to be together....
	"But," he finished, "it seems my grandson abides by fate even less
than I did."
	Ayeka was gazing at her brother with an expression almost as 
unreadable as his.  She looked as emotionally drained as he looked 
physically drained.
	"Perhaps... if not for Kumiro's evil sword, I could have made my 
own destiny also," she said.
	Yosho nodded.  "The path to destiny is seldom lost completely.  It
is finding it to begin with that is most difficult."
	Slowly, as if time was unimportant, Yosho reached behind him and 
brought the Tenchi-ken out before him.  He held the smooth pommel 
slightly outward, it's surface now unadorned by any of the three gems.
	"The gems which this sword held were the only thing keeping my 
Juraian tree, Funaho, alive."  He looked up solemnly at the silent faces
surrounding him.  "Without them, the tree will begin to whither, and I 
will quickly grow old again and die."
	"No, Grandpa, you can't!" Tenchi cried, stepping forward as if he 
expected to fight death itself to prevent this.
	"Do not worry about me Tenchi," his grandfather answered.  "In 
this instance, I cannot alter my fate."
	Tenchi nearly ground his teeth as he blinked away angry tears.  
*I don't believe in fate!*  His grandfather had known that giving all 
the gems to Ryoko would kill him.  In effect, he had given his life for 
Tenchi.  But he couldn't die!  Tenchi couldn't allow it!
	"Brother," a soft voice said from the edge of Tenchi's blurred and
angrily reddened perception.  He looked at Ayeka standing nearby.
	"Brother," she said again, "why don't you come with me?"
	Yosho was silent as he contemplated her, stoic-faced.  Then, 
unexpectedly, he smiled.  Tenchi could not recall seeing him smile like 
that before.  It was a true, happy smile.  Not humorous or impartial, 
but truly happy.
	"You know my thoughts too well, dear sister.  The healing waters 
of only one planet can stem even the effects of time.  Who knows, 
perhaps my fate is not to die after all.  And if that is my fate, well, 
it is no matter.  I have lived a long and good life, in the way I wished
to live it.  But maybe... just maybe... it is time I returned to face my
fate.  Whether that is a crown or death, we will have to see.
	"Well then, my dear Ayeka," he said, still smiling.  "Will you not
accompany me to Jurai, to my fate, and your destiny?"
	Ayeka was smiling sadly again, and she had unshed tears in the 
corners of her eyes.  "Perhaps..." she began in barely more than a 
whisper, "perhaps, if the man I loved and the man who loved me are both 
lost to me... perhaps I can settle for the man whom I once loved...?"
	"Ayeka..." Tenchi said.  His tone sounded almost pleading, and was
full of regret and sorrow.
	"Please," she stalled him, still smiling sadly, and her voice 
sounding even more choked with tears when she spoke to him.  "Please, 
Lord Tenchi....  I will be all right.  I think that maybe just knowing 
I was loved is enough."
	"It certainly should be," Washu broke in inappropriately with an 
almost indignant air.  "I can't understand you young girls, always 
thinking you need men to be complete.  I've been single for the past 
twelve-thousand years, and look at me!"
	Tenchi did look at her.  Considering how eccentric she often was, 
her example was not very convincing.
	"You're right Miss Washu," Ayeka agreed, smiling at the small 
scientist and marvelling how she could keep such an attitude in the face
of such hardship.  "All my life I have been chasing after men.  I should
learn to stand on my own two feet for a change."
	"That's the spirit!" Washu encouraged her.  "Now!  I must attend 
to Kiyone!"  She turned and left through the glowing orange rectangle 
which she had materialized a short while ago.
	"So... then you really are leaving... Miss Ayeka?"  Tenchi found 
he had trouble looking her in the eye.
	But she smiled, and it was no longer so sad.  "Yes, Lord Tenchi, 
I'm afraid I must.  But I'm sure we will see each other again.  I'll 
return someday to visit you all."
	"Yeah?  Well don't make it too soon!" a hoarse voice that sounded 
tired but still full of spirit came from near Tenchi's right shoulder.
	"Excuse me!" Ayeka blurted, boggled by the sudden display of 
usual spunk from the formerly quisient figure.  "Miss Ryoko --!"
	"What?" Ryoko interrupted her.  "Hey, haven't you heard that it's 
rude to ask yourself over uninvited!"
	Ayeka spluttered unintellegibly.
	"And unwanted!" Ryoko added.
	At that moment, the two women were startled into silence and all 
conflict was forgotten when Tenchi did something completely unexpected 
and uncharacteristic, especially considering the situation.  He laughed.
It was a full, hardy laugh, unforced and undoctored.
	"You two are ridiculous!" he chuckled.  "_Arguing_ at a time like 
this?"
	Tenchi was shocked that he could _laugh_ at a time like this, 
after everything that had happened.  But it felt good.  It was almost 
like a form of catharsis.  He had run the gamut of emotions, and now he 
felt cleansed, and his feelings were all clear.
	"Really Ryoko," he scolded her playfully as he followed after 
Washu and stepped into the large, orange, glowing rectangle that led to 
her lab.  "I'm disappointed in you. Imagine trying to start a fight in 
your condition?"
	"Who's trying to start a fight?" she protested good-naturedly.
	"You are.  You're trying to start a fight with me now."
	"Says who?" she argued.
	"Oh, shut up and go back to sleep," he said, breaking into a grin 
that contrasted with the tears still lingering in his eyes.
	"You shut up," she murmured happily, and took his advice.

	Washu stood gazing at her son.  He looked so peaceful, floating 
there within the opaque black pillar through which her eyes alone could 
see.  Not a single hair on his lifeless body moved, and she knew as well
that not a single molecule moved within him.  He was frozen, suspended 
in time, and where time was stopped inside the verticle stasis tank no 
light could pass.  It was a miracle of physics.  A miracle of meta-
physics, really.
	But Washu did not need light to see him by, and so she looked upon
his sadly unmoving form.  To all purposes, he was truly dead.  But the 
process of dying had been halted within his cells.  His heart and mind 
and many other homeostatic and bodily metabolic processes had ceased to 
function, but much else of him was still quite alive, or at least very 
much intact.  The single tear-droplet was even still there, sparkling in
eternal sadness on his left cheek.  The process of dying had been 
stopped in him, but would prove impossible, even for her, to reverse.
	No warning lights went off, no alarms sounded, but Washu knew 
there was someone nearby, watching her as she watched her son.  She 
recognized the presence.
	"There is no need to hide yourself from me," she called out 
without changing her stance or shifting her gaze.  "I know you are 
there, Tsunami.  You can come out."
	The ethereal image of a tall, beautiful, kind-eyed, blue-haired 
woman shimmered into existence several paces behind Washu and off to her
right.  The scientist did not have to look to know that the woman was 
there.
	Tsunami gazed placidly for a moment at and through the dark pillar
that could not be penetrated by mortal eyes, and then at Washu, with 
only the barest hint of distant, unplacable concern that could have been
directed at anyone, or everyone, or no one.
	"How much do you remember?" the goddess asked in a quiet, kind 
voice that was nevertheless worthy of her supernatural status.
	"Enough," Washu replied, lowering her gaze and smiling slightly.  
"Enough to realize just how much I've forgotten, and know what I still 
have left to remember."
	Tsunami did not speak for some time, and Washu returned her eyes 
her deceased son, seemingly perfectly unconcerned as to whether the 
goddess spoke at all, or even whether she stayed or left.
	"You are going to ask me why I have not revealed this to you 
before?" Tsunami asked.
	Ever so slightly, Washu shook her head.  "I know you had your 
reasons.  You felt my mind would not be able to handle the revelation.  
And, beyond that, just because you saved me from destruction by making 
me what I am now does not mean we would not still be at odds if my 
memory was recovered, am I right, dear sister?"
	Tsunami actually seemed to tense at these last words.
	"Do not worry about either of those," Washu assured her when the 
goddess again seemed disinclined to speak.  "My genius mind is perfectly
capable of handling the ramifications of my newly realized nature.  And 
all I want to do now is continue my research and enjoy my life with my 
children, and someday maybe even with my grandchildren."
	Washu paused for a moment, and her smile became slightly ironic 
once again and there was miniscule note of bitterness in her voice.  
"But now I can do neither.  Much of the universe has been revealed to me
now, not through science, but through memory.  I suppose my main 
research subject will have to become myself.  And... it looks as though 
one of my children is lost to me, maybe forever."
	Tsunami looked back at the still form encased in solid, frozen 
time, the quiet look of concern still on her face.  Riuroshi Hakubi 
Kumanai.  A very unusual being, possessing power given by herself, 
Tsunami, and also by Washu, more directly.  And, in the end of his life,
he had possessed a third power.  The only mortal being to have weilded 
the powers of not only two, but all three Goddesses in his lifetime.
	Yet perhaps he qualified as more than a mortal.  Like Ryoko.  Or 
Tenchi.
	Tsunami turned back to her sister.  "What do you plan to do with 
him?" she asked, as though she thought she could anticipate the answer.
	"You are going to ask me not to 'break the rules,' aren't you," 
Washu said, smiling again.  It was not a question.  "Well you know very 
well I don't have the means to bring someone back from the dead.  Not 
even I can do that."  She turned to face Tsunami.  "But you can."
	Tsunami was taken aback, but she showed hardly any reaction.
	"Oh yes, dear sister, you certainly have the means, under some 
circumstances."  Washu continued, her face as unreadable as Tsunami's.  
"I have no doubt of that.  I suspect even you might bend the rules, if 
you had reason.
	Tsunami still said nothing.
	"I suppose you just can't know how a mother feels," Washu accused,
turning back to her son.  Tsunami was stung, but still did not react.  
Joined as she was with Sasami, it was easy for her to understand and 
care.  The little girl had more than enough heart for the both of them.
	"But I am forgetting that you have children of your own, in a 
certain respect," Washu continued.  "All those little Juraians, with 
there phenomenal space-trees and supernatural power.  Yosho, most 
notably.  And Tenchi, too I suppose.  Perhaps you would bend the rules 
for him."
	Washu said it as though it was mere hypothetical, fanciful 
speculation, but Tsunami sensed that her sister suspected something.  
	The small scientist turned back to confront he goddes she called 
sister.  "It's possible, I guess, that after Ryu-oh was blasted apart in
the battle against Kagato, it was not merely the boy's remarkable 'luck'
that saved him.  What if he really _was_ killed?  Or perhaps, at least 
rendered effectively dead, or... incomplete?"
	Again, Tsunami did not reply.  There was a moment of understanding
silence between the two unlikely sisters.
	"You have your children, Sister Tsunami, and I have mine," Washu 
said calmly.  "We will each protect them as we must and in our own ways.
Now, will you give me what I need?"
	Slowly, without a single word or change of expression, Tsunami 
lifted her long, elegent, ghostly arm and dropped a single silvery 
object into Washu's outstretched palm.
	Washu smiled thankfully and closed her small hand around the seed.
"It seems that 'fate' has brought us together once again, dear sister."
	"Tenchi and Ryoko...?" Tsunami asked ambiguously.
	"Yes," Washu replied.  "My champion and yours.  They are 
irreversibly connected now, it would seem.  They've seen into each 
others souls.  They are one.  And so we must stand together again and 
face our enemy."
	"Why is this?"  Tsunami asked, speaking abstractly, joining her 
sister as Washu went to stand once again before her fallen child.  "Why 
is it we seem to have so little control over events now?  My power has 
been weakened, and yours is nearly gone, but this...?"
	"You know the answer better than I do, Tsunami," Washu said.  "The
answer... is Tenchi.  He does almost what he pleases, it would seem, and
what he pleases is whatever he feels is right."
	Both were silent for a time.  "What is that boy, really?" Tsunami 
wondered aloud.  "He illudes even my full understanding."
	"Well, dear sister..." Washu said,  "I have a theory.  A 
scientific deduction, if you will.  You have seen that an immortal being
can become mortal, or nearly mortal, as with me.  Is it then impossible 
that a mortal could grow into something more?"
	They continued gaze up at the lifeless body.
	"Your reasoning is very convincing," Tsunami replied after a short
while.
	"Reason isn't everything," Washu said, surprisingly contradicting 
her own argument.  "It took Tenchi long enough to realize that.  You 
should try and take that into account as well, dear sister."
	Tsunami nodded slowly, understanding.  "It seemed so logical, so 
reasonable for him to choose the princess.  It saddens me to think how 
she must feel now."
	"Humans are far from reasonable," Washu said, opening her hand to 
gaze at the dark seed in her grasp.  "But you're right," she said, 
clasping the precious seed to her bosom and looking up at her son with a
grin.  "It would be so unfair to leave Ayeka without a happy ending, now
wouldn't it?"

Epilogue
	Tenchi walked slowly down the shrine steps, his head bowed as he 
rolled things over in his mind.  So, today they were leaving.  His 
grandfather, and little Sasami... and Ayeka.  He would miss them all 
very much.  But he'd always known, deep inside, that Ayeka and Sasami 
might have to leave someday.  Even if his love for Ayeka had been 
stronger than his love for Ryoko, that might not have been able to keep 
her there, on Earth.  Her station came with responsibilities, and ones 
that could not be ignored.  Still, he wished she could have left on a 
happier note.
	Ayeka had contacted her family on Jurai.  Her father was alive, 
miraculously, and recovering, but Funaho had said he felt interminably 
tired, and unable to continue ruling to a sufficient capacity.  On the 
day Tenchi had defeated Kumiro, Emperor Azusa had awaken from coma, 
saying he felt as though a dark cloud had been lifted from his heart and
mind, and left him feeling only oddly regretful and tired.
	Azusa had said he felt he owed the continuance of his life, and 
maybe even the return of his heart and mind, to Tenchi, for destroying 
Kumiro.  But Tenchi still felt responsible for the Emperor's injury.  
Just as he felt somewhat responsible for Ray's demise.
	He wished Ray had not done what he'd done.  Tenchi wished with all
his heart that nothing that Ray had done that day had ever come to pass.
But Washu said that his sacrifice had been necessary to save them from 
the evil power which had possessed him, a power which she had called 
Tokimi.  He had been instructed not to repeat that name to anyone else 
under any curcumstances.
	*It should have been me who picked up that sword!* Tenchi thought.
Perhaps he would have been able to resist its power.  Washu had said it 
was very unlikely.  Yet... if he had been the one to be overcome by it, 
perhaps he would have been the only one who would have had to die.  But 
then, where would that leave Ryoko?  Or any of the others?
	Tenchi decided to dismiss it from his mind.  What had passed was 
past, and it was best not to dwell on it.  Still, it was hard to believe
that Ray was really gone.  He had been so strong in life.
	Even more unbelievable was that Grandfather was now leaving too.  
Ayeka and Sasami were returning to Jurai with him, but they could return
whenever they liked.  Tenchi had told them as much.  But for Grandfather
it was different.  Tenchi had never really been able to imagine a world 
without him.  He had always been like a strong old tree, immortal in the
eyes of men; he would live forever, never dying, simply remaining like 
he was for eternity, or until all others faded and died.  That was the 
only way Tenchi had ever been able to picture him.  The old man had been
an ever-presence, never seeming to grow any older or weaken despite his 
age.  But soon, he would be effectively dead to Tenchi and all those who
remained at the Masaki house.  Even if he lived, he would never be able 
to return to Earth, because leaving Jurai could easily mean his death.
	It was a chilling thought to Tenchi.  The one thing in his life 
that had been constant and unchanging had changed, and was now leaving 
his life, perhaps forever.  He looked out over the treetops to the Holy
Tree of Masaki Shrine.  Funaho, his grandfather's space-tree.
	Tenchi watched a small breeze rustle the leaves atop the great 
tree.  Grandfather had been like that old tree, stoic and immutable.  
But now, even the venerable tree was dying.
	Tenchi recalled his conversation with the man the day before 
beside that tree.  His grandfather had handed him a dark, shiny seed.  
He could still feel it in his pocket.
	"Washu asked me to give this too you," Grandfather had told him.  
"Go to her to plant it when you feel the time is right."
	"But why?" Tenchi had asked.  "Won't you need a seed like this 
when you reach Jurai?  To grow a new tree for yourself?"
	"I have a tree already, Tenchi," Grandfather had replied, patting 
the thick trunk of Funaho.  Having taken root, and without the gems 
power, the tree had become mortal, just as Tenchi's grandfather now had.
	"Do you know why I took the surname Masaki when I came here to 
Earth?" Grandfather had asked him.
	"It was the name of the shrine, wasn't it?  And you took that name
when you took over tending the shrine, right?  Just as Father took the 
name when he married Mother."
	"That is true," Grandfather had agreed, nodding.  "But do you know
why I chose this shrine?  Because, my boy, Masaki was my mother's maiden
name when she was young and lived here on Earth."
	*Almost as if he meant to renounce his Juraian heritage 
altogether,* Tenchi now thought.
	"But I thought you chose this shrine because Ryoko crashlanded 
in the valley?" Tenchi had puzzled.
	Still resting his hand against Funaho, Grandfather had lowered his
gaze and smiled almost knowingly as the light reflected off his glasses,
obscuring his eyes.  "Fate... perhaps...?"
	Tenchi smiled slightly now too.  "I don't believe in fate," he 
murmured nearly inaudibly.
	"Why, Tenchi!  Hello!"
	Tenchi looked up and discovered his footsteps had led him to the 
pool around Funaho.  Ryoko was standing near the trees base.
	"Ryoko, what are you doing here?" he scolded her.  "We're supposed
to be heading down to say goodbye to everyone."
	Ryoko stepped up into the air and appeared beside him, her hand 
touching his shoulder lightly.  "Aw, do I have to come?" she whined 
playfully.
	"Of course you do!" he snapped, trying to sound irratable but 
remaining unconvincing.  "Let's go."
	He started making his way down back to the shrine steps.  Ryoko 
floated along beside him at hip-level on her back and smiled up at him. 
He tried to frown but found the corners of his mouth quirking up into a 
smile of his own.
	"But no one is going to force you if you don't want to," he said.
	She beamed at him, and she was so close to him he found himself 
wanting to just grab her around the waste and hug her and laugh.  It was
an unfamiliar feeling, but he hoped it never faded.  His grandfather's 
leaving had taught him that nothing lasts forever, but he knew that one 
thing could, and would, still defy this universal rule.
	"Well..." Ryoko replied, and looked away up the path.  "If that's 
where you're going, then that's where I'll be headed too."
	Tenchi smiled.  One thing would certainly last forever.  If all 
things turned to dust with time, this one thing which they had right now
never would.
	When they reached the lake over which the fully reconstructed 
Ryu-oh hung in the air, the rest of the household had already assembled. 
In turn, many of them with tears in their eyes, they all bid the three 
departees goodbye.
	"So long Dad.  I guess this goodbye."
	"Farewell, Nobuyuki my son.  Make sure my grandson doesn't stray 
to far from his shrine duties."
	"Goodbye, Father."
	"Goodbye Miss Ayeka."
	And so it went down the line.
	"Goodbye Mihoshi.  Please tell Kiyone I said goodbye.  I hope she 
feels better."
	"Goodbye, Miss Ayeka, I'm sure Kiyone will be _just_ fine.  You 
wait and see!"
	"If either of you are ever in the vicinity of Jurai, Miss Mihoshi,
please don't hesitate to stop by."
	Finally, it came to Tenchi's turn.  He hugged a tearful Sasami 
goodbye, and clasped his grandfather's hand in a parting shake.
	"I guess this is it," he said, managing to keep his voice from 
wavering too heavily.  His grandfather nodded solemnly and then smiled a
rare warm smile.
	"Take care of yourself, Tenchi."
	"I will, Grandpa."
	"And mind the shrine while I'm gone."
	Tenchi nearly choked on witheld tears.  "You can count on me."
	He moved on to bid farewell to Ayeka, and he felt inside that it 
was one of the hardest things he had ever had to do.
	For a moment he just looked at her, wondering how she could still 
smile with her eyes full of tears.  He reached a hand up and brushed one
of the sparkling tears from her cheek, and she held his hand there for a
moment with her own, still smiling in joy and sadness.
	"Are you sure about this?" he asked her when she let go, a look of
wonder and concern on his face.  "Are you certain you'll be all right?"
	"I'm fine," she replied, and never stopped smiling.  "We'll come 
back and visit some day.  And right now, I feel more complete and free 
than I think I've ever felt before.  Yes, I will be just fine, Tenchi."
	Tenchi's expression softened into a smile.  Perhaps Ray's love had
not been in vain.  Perhaps it had freed her afterall.  All her life she 
had experienced a conditional, almost false love from many of the people
around her save only a few, an approval that was given her only by 
living up to the rigorous standards that were imposed upon her as a 
princess.  Maybe he had finally opened her eyes to the sort of love she 
had always unconsciously sought, to be cared for as a person and not 
just a princess.  Maybe Ray had been able to free her from the need to 
seek the approval of others.
	Tenchi hugged Ayeka for a moment, and then stepped back to join 
the others there to see the three off.
	"Don't forget to say hi to Mia and Densuo when you get to Jurai," 
Tenchi told them.
	Still smiling, Ayeka replied, "They'll probably be back here by 
the time we get there, so you can say hello for us."
	Tenchi returned the smile.  "That's only if Densuo's father hasn't
killed him for wanting to marry Mia."
	With much waving and smiling, along with last minute calls of 
"Goodbye!" and "We'll miss you!" and "Come back soon!" and Mihoshi's 
very loud "Don't forget to write!" Sasami, Ayeka, and Yosho, all slowly 
faded away amidst a sparkling of bright color, and were gone.  Just a 
few short moments later, Ryu-oh was off into the sky and gone as well.
	"They really are gone," Ryoko whispered absently as she stood 
beside Tenchi, both gazing up into the sky long after everyone else had 
dispersed.
	"I wonder if we'll ever see Grandpa again," Tenchi wondered aloud.
	"Oh, he'll be back alright," a voice said from somewhere below 
Tenchi's left shoulder.  Washu was suddenly standing next to them in the
grass, pert and perky as ever.  Her recovery from her sons death had 
been amazing.  Almost suspiciously amazing.
	"Who will?" Tenchi asked, bemused by her sudden appearance.
	"Lord Katsuhito, of course," Washu said giving a look like he was 
asking a stupid question.  She grinned happily, as if at some private 
joke.  "Not even the will of a GODDESS could keep him from this earth."
	And then, in a tinkling of laughter, she was gone, and Tenchi was 
not sure how she had left, or come, or even if she had really been 
there.  Such a confounding little woman, that Washu.
	Tenchi looked back up to where a few whispy clouds scudded across 
the otherwise clear blue sky.
	"You know," Ryoko said, moving closer to him and leaning her head 
on his shoulder as they both continued to look up into the perfect 
heavens.  "It's hard to believe, but I think I might actually miss that 
brat of a princess."
	"I don't find it hard to believe at all," Tenchi smiled, only 
teasing her slightly.
	"Oh yeah?  Is that 'cause you're gonna miss her so much?"
	"Oh course I will.  I miss them all already."
	Ryoko seemed to except that, and returned her attention to the 
sky.
	"There's something I've been wanting to tell you, Tenchi.  For 
a long time."
	Tenchi smiled up at the clouds.  "What else is there to say?  
We've seen into each others souls, remember?"
	"No it's not that....  Well, not really."  Ryoko hesitated.  "It's
just that, when you chose me, you also chose Zero."
	"I know that," Tenchi replied immediately.  "You are Zero.  You're
one and the same.  It just took us both awhile to realize that and what 
it meant."
	"Well... that's just it," Ryoko began.  "It's... well..." she 
pulled away from him.  "Tenchi, Zero tried to kill you!  I tried to kill
you, when I was under Doctor Clay's control."
	Tenchi just smiled at her warmly as he had before.  "I know."
	"You know?" Ryoko stammered, momentarily taken aback.  And then 
she realized.  "Oh, that's right.  You saw it in my memory."
	"No," Tenchi said, "I always knew."
	"You...?  But how?" Ryoko wondered.
	Tenchi's smile only increased in warmth.  "It's kind of hard to 
miss a two inch hole burned through your pillow."
	Ryoko wasn't sure whether to laugh in amusement of cry with joy.
	"So... you knew that I had tried to kill you as Zero, and you... 
still...?"
	"Ryoko, I already told you that what's in the past doesn't matter.
Not when you were under the control of Kagato _or_ Doctor Clay."  He 
smiled again, kindly, "Or even, your own misguided emotions."
	"Well," Ryoko said, trying to cover up her present emotions.  
"Since Ayeka isn't around to fight with, I'll have plenty of pent up 
agression to get out of my system.  So I'll just have to take it out on 
you."  She grinned fiercely.  "And don't think I'll wait until our 
honeymoon either!"
	In response, Tenchi did not blanche in fear, or turn bright red, 
or look for a place to hide, or anything typical of his nature.  
Instead, he did something astounding.  He smiled right back at her.
	Finally, after all this time, her trials, and his fears, had been 
overcome.


	Curtains open to a dark stage.  Bright lights flicker on, 
	and what appears to be an obese cross between a cat and a 
	rabbit waddles into the spot light.  Throwing back its 
	chubby head, the plump little creature sings out in a 
	wonderous, rich tenor voice:
					"The End!"

Author's Notes:  The fat cabbit has sung, and the story has come to a 
close!  Well, it looks like you found me out: I'm a Ryoko fan, albeit of
my own free will and by the light of my own reason, and not because she 
is quite popular, as I have only recently discovered.  Hope you all 
enjoyed the ride, it ends here.  But don't worry.  I'll continue to 
write fanfiction for as long as I am still unable to stop myself ;-).  
Which I suppose is bad if you don't like my writing, but I doubt anyone 
will force you to read any of it =).  Farewell for now, and don't forget
to send me your comments or criticisms, or else I won't know whether I 
should write a sequel series or not.  As one final general reminder, 
while I don't own any of the characters from any of the Tenchi series, I
did create the characters of Riuroshi "Ray" Kumanai, Kumiro Kumanai, Mia
Fushiro, Densuo Tsumei, and this story, which is Copyright 2001 by 
Master Kodama, so please don't plagiarize!
PS - This being my first sorte into the realm of what is known as "Fan 
Fiction," I can now look back at the story and see that there are some 
things I could have done better.  Please let me know how I can improve 
my writing in the future!
Comments and Concerns to: master_kodama@yahoo.com
or visit my website: http://master_kodama.tripod.com/
