             The Trials of Tsunami,
                   Part III

	A lonely girl flees through the void where no one follows, remembering.  Remembering the 
endless recursion of forced training, baiting, escape, and recapture.  Remembering another lonely girl who 
told her, “…if you are made with human DNA…”  The remarks of a princess with delusions, who had 
cursed her as demon and monster, without even a thread of rationale.  Deep within her, the fleeing girl 
despairs, knowing the inevitability of her recapture.  However far, however long she runs free, someday the 
real monster will loom, and manipulating her like a puppet on strings, he will force her to surrender herself 
in hopeless humiliation.
	“Meow”
	From deep within the master control crystal, the holographic self-image of the creature called 
Ryo-ohki peers at her mistress.  Ryo-ohki knows no other purpose but to answer to her summoner, the 
spirit-caller Ryoko, who calls her from her humble creature state, to soar among the stars in power and 
glory.  It is Ryo-ohki’s nature to reflect the desires of her mistress.  Is she free to choose otherwise?  
Perhaps, but to her it would be a meaningless proposition.  Her link to Ryoko is foundational, without her 
mistress, life would have no meaning.  She is very concerned at Ryoko’s thoughts.
	When the roaring madness of Kagato’s mind control overtakes Ryoko, Ryo-ohki sees no other 
choice, she will not desert her mistress, but turns the terrible fury of Ryoko’s humiliation upon the 
tormenting universe.  Nothing would please mistress or creature more than to soar endlessly through the 
heavens, free from Kagato, free from fear, free forever.  But now, even the temporary illusion of freedom 
has turned pallid because of the remarks of another ship-caller, with her strange, inanimate ship 
companions.
	Gomen, Ryo-ohki, Ryoko thought, responding to her ship’s expression of concern: I think perhaps 
Lord Kagato has lied to us about our natures.  I think I know who to ask.  Smiling dangerously, she 
continued, We must lay a false trail.  It would not do for the Princess to follow us.  Fortunately, it will not 
be difficult to deceive her, not at all.  Ryoko laughed aloud in the loneliness of space.
	Indeed, Ryoko now knew that she was human, at least in the sense that Aeka had explained during 
their forced confinement.  Of course, Ryoko’s notion of what it might mean to be human might not have 
yet coincided with the meaning that the Princess had thought she was conveying, but that matter might be 
adjusted with time:  Albeit with more time than anyone involved would have cared to imagine.
	It had been a simple matter for Ryoko to prove to herself that human DNA was a part of her make-
up.  She knew quite well that under sudden impacts she would sometimes bleed a little like an ordinary 
creature before her powers of regeneration would take over.  A brief moment of pain, a small spot of blood, 
and it was over.  She knew now, her blood was every bit as human as her superficial appearance would 
suggest.  Now she was intent on proving her humanity in a way that would alter the course of the entire 
universe.

	Aeka had set her ship on the trail of the vanished Ryo-ohki.  Two baths, a long and fitful sleep, 
and a thousand parsecs later the Crown Princess felt ready to assume a responsibilities.  Donning her best 
casual robe, the Princess dropped down through Ryu-oh’s trunk.  When she popped out, she was puzzled to 
find that she was one deck away from the botanical garden deck that she had prepared for Sasami.  
Unfocusing her eyes, Aeka queried her ship.  It was vaguely disconcerting for her to learn that Tsunami had 
arranged a temporal freeze on that deck; the ships were not supposed to have a will of their own.  On the 
other hand, Tsunami was different, and had clearly told her, “Sasami has agreed”.
	“Unfreeze immediately”, the Princess verbalized her command, “I want to see my sister.”
	Confident of her ship’s response, Aeka stepped back into Ryu-oh’s trunk and dropped to the now 
accessible botanical garden deck.  To her surprise, her sister popped out right behind her.
	“Sasami imoto!”, Aeka reached out and enfolded her baby sister in her outer robe.
	The puzzled Sasami responded to her sister’s embrace, feeling unaccustomed teardrops fall from 
her slightly trembling older sister.
	“Eh?  Oneesama?”
	“What is it, Sasami?”
	“Oh, nothing”, Sasami backed away a little, smoothing down her own robes and looking briefly 
away before taking her big sister’s hand.  It seemed to Sasami that she had only been away for a few hours, 
taking a nap in the arms of her secret lady, Tsunami.  Sasami quickly realized that her sister had 
experienced a much longer interval, and something had happened during that time.  The sisters enjoyed the 
longest and calmest time together that either of them could remember, playing several inconclusive games 
of shogi before Aeka’s typical moodiness resurfaced to distract her.  Eventually, Aeka’s obsession returned.
	“I must track down that woman, find out what she has done with my Yosho”, the older Princess 
stated as she departed toward the bridge.
	“Bye-bye, oneesama”
	With unprecedented quickness, Sasami’s secret lady re-appeared.  Sasami turned to her, “Tsunami, 
will you play a game of shogi with me?”
	“I don’t know any reason why not.” Tsunami smiled gently, “It is hardly unheard of for a person 
to play a game against themselves”
	Sasami focused her eyes on the blank space where her sister had just minutes before dismissed a 
playing board into the wooden deck.  Nothing happened.  “Tsunami, I don’t have a key like oneesama has, 
the ship won’t listen to me.  Won’t you give me one, please.”
	“A key is only a tool.  The power of the Tsunami ship is within you, and your sister’s power is the 
least of your concerns. Your power will come to you.  Still, it is too early for you to understand”  
Tsunami’s hands came together and glowed. She then handed Sasami a small wooden object, rather like a 
pistol-grip, carved in the style of Aeka’s headpiece, or the grip of the master sword that their older brother 
had received from their father when he set out to fight the Demoness Ryoko.
	Sasami held the diminutive grip, and easily made the shogi table re-appear.  She sat down opposite 
her other self, and played for hours.  Had she known, some of the masterful strokes of the ancient Earth 
game passed upon that game-board.  It was as Tsunami had hoped, Sasami’s young mind gradually tired, 
and after a while she was sound asleep, her dreams abounding with Silver Generals, Bishops, Lances, and 
all the other pieces.
	Tsunami picked up her sleeping other self and returned her to within the Tsunami Tree.
	Following Aeka’s instructions, her servants had trailed Ryo-ohki, or so they thought, to the far 
quadrant of the galaxy.  There, among the scattered reaches of some of the most remote human worlds, the 
trail ran cold.  Aeka picked a charted world, one known to Jurai’s trade, and within one of the more remote 
jurisdictions of the Galactic Police.  She instructed her ship to go there.
	Where ever a ship of Jurai appears in known space, however remote, it is accorded a great deal 
of…how shall we say it delicately…respect.  When Aeka’s ship entered the Felix Regina system, the local 
GP station shuttle escorted her straight to the local capital, where she was greeted with considerable pomp 
and ceremony.
	Felix Regina was a matriarchy.  When Aeka materialized before the Matriarch’s palace, she found 
herself escorted by a dozen young women.  Each one had an extravagant mane of brightly colored hair, and 
each one had the large wide-set cat’s eyes that Aeka had though of as one of Ryoko’s most distinctive 
features.  They all moved with the feline grace that had also marked Ryoko.  Aeka at once began to doubt.  
If Ryoko were to join this population, surely no one would notice.
	The local matriarch received her, and Aeka almost began to giggle, as childhood stories of cats 
and queens bubbled into her consciousness.  	  
	“What brings a representative of the Holy Council this far out?  Surely we have done nothing to 
invite a disciplinary visit?’
	“Eh? Disciplinary? Er, ah, whatever do you mean?”  Aeka was momentarily flustered, “This is not 
a State visit.  I am on a private mission, pursuing the pirate ship Ryo-ohki, and her companion Ryoko.  
There is also a missing ship of Jurai, very like my own, which when last detected, had engaged the fleeing 
felons in mortal combat.
	Oh, gods.  A private visit?  Thought the Matriarch.  Unlikely, but you can never be too careful 
when dealing with Jurai.  Still, she does seem a bit naïve. “We have heard of this Ryo-ohki.  Surely the 
Galactic Police would know if there had been any sign of it around here.  I have heard rumors of a raid 
somewhere over near the double-cluster, but it is a military matter, and we keep out of Galactic affairs.”
	“Eh?  The double-cluster?”  Aeka paused, that was a long ways away, and almost as far from 
home as Felix Regina.
	Aeka traded a few pleasantries with the Matriarch, stayed only for supper, and was on her way; 
much to the relief of the Matriarch.  This strangely moody girl, in the dress of a Juraian Princess, was no 
easy guest, but you could only bow, when the guest held the power of a ship of Jurai.
	Rather than to stress her ship with a continued headlong pursuit, Aeka plotted a leisurely course to 
the region of the double-cluster.  Already in deep space again, after mere hours at Felix Regina, Aeka 
finally allowed herself to relax and prepare for bed.  After her ritual playing of Yosho’s final holographic 
message, she laid back on her bed.  She could feel a familiar presence.
	“Yes, Tsunami”
	“Aeka ojosama, I have an errand to attend to, a matter of trees, if you will.  By your leave, I shall 
depart, and rejoin you at the Double-cluster.”
	“Why are you asking me?”
	“I am your sister’s, ojosama.  Where I go, she goes.  Where she goes, I go.  By your leave, she will 
be with me.”
	“I suppose she is as safe with you as it is possible to be.  It will relieve my mind somewhat.  Still, 
you are a tree, how is it you are acting on your own free will?”
	“I am Tsunami.  I am not merely a tree, I am the mother of trees, the one you call the Ship of the 
Beginning”
	“Yes, yes, the Ship of the Beginning.  Said to be a goddess…tell me, do you remember the 
beginning times?”
	“Remember?  Princess, I remember only being a tree, for a very long time”, but Tsunami had 
timed her visit well.  Princess Aeka of Jurai was sound asleep in her own bed.
	
	Yosho sighed with contentment, but it was a hard won contentment.  At the age of twenty four, he 
should have been far too young for the world-weary retirement that he now donned like a worn and familiar 
cloak.  Instead of the dissipated elegance his mother had described, coming from the Heian court of three 
centuries earlier, Yosho had arrived in a Japan divided between Northern and Southern courts, a country 
impoverished and at war with itself.  For the first time, the title Shogun, or generalissimo, was being used 
by a ruler of that island nation.
	The Crown Prince of Jurai wanted nothing more of fighting anymore.  At first he was shocked and 
put off by the brief, brutal lives of these ephemeral earthlings, whom he could have snuffed with a casual 
thought.  After all, this was Prince Yosho, the pride of Jurai, who had undertaken six secret missions for his 
father the Emperor, and fought a dozen duels to the death, as his reputation grew:  The greatest individual 
fighter ever to wield the mystic Power of Jurai.  After long years he had tired of hounding and coursing that 
tormented girl Ryoko, always knowing that her heart was to flee her accursed master and live free.
	In this galaxy, home to numerous human worlds, it seemed a mockery, that in his mother’s home, 
Yosho had found the briefest lives, the utmost strife.  Yosho had come to suspect that this remote and 
primitive preserve harbored his father’s greatest secret, the origins of the human worlds.  No wonder it was 
his father’s secret obsession.  The practice of Shinto, so elegantly close to his Jurai power, and handed 
down from his mother, suggested ties.  The holy trees of this land, the powers of Ryoko and Ryo-ohki, his 
own Jurai powers, and the trees of Jurai; all seemed to him to be bound by a common thread.
	Surprised by love, the Prince, from being an itinerant Shinto Priest, had decided to settle down.  
His beloved wife Ono, an ephemeral earthling, had become life itself to him, in all it’s small miseries and 
joys.  Yosho knew it was wrong; no, make that impossible, for a Juraian royal to love an ephemeral who 
would live mere moments, a hundredth or less his own span.  In central Japan, Yosho had found a rustic 
mountain village, too remote and poor for the feudal lords to squabble over.  An hour’s walk from the 
village, he had found a rocky crag, pierced below with several ancient lava tubes forming natural cellars or 
caves, overlooking a small mountain cove, or valley.  It was a warm, sheltered place in which to cherish his 
short lived bride, and any offspring.  The absentee lords had been more than happy to grant the worthless 
crag as a donation to a displaced Shinto priest, one who was a revered figure amongst the local population. 
	It was this reclusive and secret Prince who received an un-looked for visitor.
	While Yosho was walking in the woods near his home, one hot summer day, he stopped to rest 
under a tree; as it happened, a near relative of the Holy trees of Jurai.  Feeling the natural energy of the 
place, he gathered his Ki and his Jurai power; he found it difficult to tell where one ended and the other 
began.  Inhaling the essence of the place, he sensed something and spoke.
	“Tsunami, come out.  I know you are here.”
	“You have grown yet more wise in your travels, Yosho-oniisama”
	The shimmering form of a blue-haired maiden, in the costume of a Jurai high-priestess appeared 
before him.  To smooth over his surprise, especially at being address by Tsunami as “oniisama”,  the prince 
adjusted the light yukata he was wearing, which he had loosened in the heat of the day.
	“What new intrigue has my father measured you up for, Tsunami?  I am surprised that he would 
risk animating you so far, and on your own.  What is it with the image of a younger Misaki?  As a 
priestess?”  In truth, the more he thought about it, the more he was puzzled by everything about this 
apparition.  Trees, even the Holy Trees of Jurai, were not like people, were they?
	“You overestimate your father, or you underestimate me.  I am, after all, the Ship of the 
Beginning, the rumored goddess.  Buried in the consciousness of a tree, I have allowed your father to tap 
my powers slightly, much to my regret, as I now understand.  Anyway, that is no way to talk to your 
youngest sister.”  So Tsunami told him the full story of her fall and assimilation, not sparing the Prince the 
details of his father’s unseemly reactions, and her final escape with the two princesses, herself and Aeka.
	Yosho listened, taking in the mind-wrenching human implications for his baby sister.  He also 
noted the unstated implications of Tsunami’s image, marked as both high-priestess and second wife.  Such 
an accident of causation could make an empire tremble, had made an Emperor tremble.  Yosho felt a 
momentary softness toward his hard, harsh father, but that moment passed.
	“I am not prepared to deal with raising such a god-touched child.  Somehow I must raise an heir in 
my own power first, and it may be a long time before this earth and this nation are a suitable place for 
either undertaking.  My wife, any wife of this world, is ephemeral.”
	“Yes, it shall take a long time to make suitable conditions, especially if we are not to interfere 
badly in the affairs of this world’s people.  On the other hand, you forget that your mother Funaho is an 
earthling, and I was able to give her the water of life at your father’s request.  I assume your wife is one 
who can talk to the trees?  There is one other complication you need to know, Ryoko is on her way to see 
you.”
	Yosho paled visibly, “You must not allow it!  I cannot, will not fight her again.  Why have you 
done this?”
	“It is not my doing.  The Princess Aeka tracked her down, in pursuit of you.  They were 
imprisoned together on the warugi world, and she unwittingly disclosed your mother’s world; the obvious 
place for you to hide, to anyone but Aeka.  Anyway, do you clearly understand yet who and what Ryoko 
is?”
	“She is a created transcendental being, some sort of an unnatural hybrid from some higher-
dimensional creator.  Somehow Kagato seized control of her, and neither she nor her familiar carries any 
knowledge of her origins or purpose.  She is utterly lost.”
	“Let me tell you what I cannot tell any other.  She is the created heir, in this dimension of time, to 
the being known as Washu.”
	“Washu the mad scientist?  The creative genius of the Royal Space Academy, who was kidnapped 
by Kagato?  A genius, certainly, but merely a very bright girl, hardly a goddess.”
	“Perhaps at one time a mere girl.  I do not remember how, but just as I was once something very 
different, and became commingled with a tree.  Just so, there is a being commingled with the girl Washu.  
We were, in some sense I do not quite remember, sisters.  
	Why am I telling you this?  Because your family is intimately tied to the Royal Trees, and that 
means you are tied to me.  You  are the strongest human yet in the Jurai Power.  Your heir will be my heir, 
your heir will inevitably become a being like Ryoko was meant to be.  They will be peers, of like kind.  I 
could not blame you for refusing to doom an heir to such destiny.”
	“I will not deny my heir.  You misunderstand me if you think I would deny anything because it is 
hard, or unfair.”
	“Oh?  Then why will you not have Aeka bear your heir?’
	“Imoto, you still understand little of human beings.  She is my sister.  She is obsessive.  She has 
no heart or compassion.  It is a part of my father’s madness to imagine that he can force us to inbreed and 
produce more Jurai power to satisfy his lust for ever more power and wealth.  Aeka could never understand 
why I will not kill again, will not fight again; why I have abandoned my duty to destroy Ryoko.  I do not 
love Aeka, I love my Ono.”
	“I sense that you are partly right about my understanding. Just partly, because Aeka is not lacking 
in either heart or compassion, and she is second only to you in your generation, in the Jurai power.  She is a 
wounded spirit, rather more like Ryoko than you would suspect, and you will fight Ryoko.”
	“I will not.  When I realized that people were perishing unknown in the backwash of my combat 
with Ryoko, it broke my desire for the sword.  You think me the great Prince.  I am nothing if I have no 
compassion for the lives of others, if I imagine them to be trifles because I am so powerful.”
	“You will fight Ryoko, she will allow you no alternative.  The people will suffer.”
	Yosho bowed his head, “Then I will allow her to slay me.”
	“Oniisama, my Prince, I want you to do something far more difficult.  I want you to defeat her, 
hold her down, make her submit to the long process of healing, for the sake of this entire universe.  The fate 
of this entire dimension in time is grim if that girl remains enthralled to the evil called Kagato.”
	“Tell me, if you are such a prescient goddess, why can’t you make Sasami your heir, and do away 
with all your concerns”
	Tsunami would have laughed, if she had yet learned how.  “It is truly unknowable destiny.  I am 
merely a part of the Sasami to be. Our ultimate fate is beyond the pale of this universe.  Just as the being 
that is now Washu must embed an heir in this dimension, so must I.  Let us call it a mystery.”
	It was with considerable trepidation, under the prodding of Tsunami, that Yosho introduced his 
two loves to one another; that is, the Space Tree Funaho, and his wife Ono.  Deep under the rocky crag, 
Funaho had created a miniature replica of the Jurai Tree nursery, or perhaps the interior of the Tsunami 
ship.  There, in a pocket universe, grew the tree aspect of Funaho, nurtured by the waters and minerals of 
the surrounding mountain.  The channeled waters pooled around Funaho filtered through her roots and took 
on properties of the water of life.
	Yosho had met his wife Ono at a shrine, where he had discovered her talking to one of the local 
holy trees.  His heart had immediately gone out to this rustic native of his mother’s country.  She of course 
was a princess, but then, old Japan had a surfeit of princesses.  None the less, it seemed necessary and 
appropriate to him that his bride be a princess.  It should have been no surprise to him, given the origins of 
his mother Funaho, namesake of the tree Funaho, that the tree immediately accepted Ono, and granted her 
the water of life.
	Now that Yosho’s young life was whole, he began to gather strength for the coming battle.  
Satisfied with the foundation she had laid, Tsunami hurried back across the galaxy to attend to another of 
her charges, another princess.

	Aeka had already arrived at the double-cluster region when Tsunami got there.  Much to her 
dismay, Aeka had found that the Ryoko-Ryo-ohki raid hinted by the Felix Regina Matriarch had taken 
place before the raid on Jurai.  Now unsure, the princess plotted a course toward her home sector, but not 
toward home.  She found the return of Tsunami comforting, despite being painfully conscious of her 
inability to provide adequately for her little sister.  At least, she knew she was not alone in the universe, and 
as powerful as her quarry was, she once again enjoyed the ultimate ally.

	The first signs of Typhoon season brought suffocating humidity to the late summer heat in central 
Japan.  Yosho knew the storms would be upon him even before he received the first call from Ryoko.
	On a sultry day, Yosho sat before the altar of the small thatched shrine he had erected at the foot 
of his crag.  Suddenly a window snapped into being between himself and the altar.  Ryoko was a 
reasonably comely girl, with fair skin, pale blue hair, a smooth, tapered triangular face, and those wideset, 
striking golden cat’s eyes. In that window, for the first time, he saw Ryoko without a trace of fear or pain in 
her eyes.  For the first time Ryoko spoke to him person to person, as I would speak to you.
	“Yosho-sama”, she bowed, pressing her hands together in respect, “You are the only man who has 
ever stood against me.  Lord, defeat me, so that I may acknowledge you as my true master, or slay me if 
you can’t hold me down and take me.”
	“Ryoko-san”, Yosho bowed in return, “This fighting is not necessary.  Tsunami has told me, you 
know now that you are a human being.  You do not have to fight me to prove anything.  You only have to 
submit to healing from the trees.  Kagato has no claim on your humanity.”  Yosho could see the girl flinch 
in pain at the name Kagato, and felt regret at having to name her darkest fear.
	“Urusai! (be quiet), you will fight me”, the old fear, rage, and pain shook the girl, and the window 
vanished.
	“Ryoko-san, come back.  I will fight you.  Please do not do anything rash, talk to me, please, 
Ryoko-san.”  Yosho pleaded, but he knew it was too late.  Already he could hear the terrible thunder of an 
incoming volley, plasma bolts with the power of a small fusion bomb, igniting the land in a line dozens of 
kilometers long across the heavily forested mountains.  Yosho thought of the woodsmen, charcoal-burners, 
and small farmers, and allowed himself a moment’s regret for having drawn this wrath down.  Yosho ran 
from the shrine and shouted, “Funaho!”
	The long, curved timbers of a ship of Jurai sprang into being above Yosho’s homestead.  His wife 
Ono ran out to him, dismayed and puzzled by the sudden apparition in the sky, and the violent thunder of 
cosmic bombardment.  Yosho grabbed his wife and together they were teleported aboard the ship Funaho.  
There, on the bridge of the living starship, he turned and spoke to his wife.
	“Funaho will place you in her secret place, you will be safe there.  I must fight this demon from 
the skies for the sake of the people.  Forgive me”
	“There is nothing to forgive, dearest”, Ono reached out and stroked Yosho’s face before she 
vanished to safety.
	With a crackle, and a familiar gaudy display of auroral lights, Funaho and her master vanished 
from the skies of Earth, materializing moments later behind the Earth’s barren moon. That massive body 
shielded him as he monitored the rising, mad demands that he come out of hiding.  No doubt Ryoko meant 
the nursery Funaho had constructed, where Ono was now hiding. Yosho watched, horrified, as Ryo-ohki 
adjusted her ordinary, kinetic orbit, so that at the end of an Earth day, her path would intersect the Earth at 
a particular rocky crag in central Japan.  He heard her call out.
	“Yosho, you coward!  Come out and fight me, or I’ll blow away that whole damned island, and 
everything on it.”
	Knowing, from a score of brutal fights, the single-minded attack mentality of that girl, Yosho 
made his move.  Accelerating in real space, in an orbit tight around the moon, Yosho had Funaho bend her 
path to plummet toward Earth at over fifty-thousand Kilometers per hour.  As she emerged from behind the 
moon, Funaho slipped around herself a closed, pocket space, totally undetectable from the outside, except 
as a mass of a few thousand tons, lost among the mass of the Earth-Moon system.
	Yosho understood perfectly what Ryoko intended.  Rather than risk lowering her shields to 
exchange shots with the Yosho she imagined was waiting on the ground, Ryoko intended a kinetic descent.  
Falling at thirty-thousand kilometers per hour, Ryo-ohki would enter the atmosphere with full shields 
foreward.  If Yosho fired, she would shrug it off and swoop by in a blaze of forest igniting heat, and return 
the fire as she sped away.  If Yosho failed to fire, she would strike the ground, using her shields to transfer 
the kinetic energy.  The resulting blast would probably sever the great island of Honshu into two smaller 
pieces.
	It was an agonizing ten hour wait for Yosho.  Cut off from normal space, he could only hope that 
he had lined everything up perfectly, that Ryoko remained unswerving in her predictable strategy.  At the 
exact moment planned, Funaho shed the pocket space and appeared, a bare hundred kilometers behind Ryo-
ohki, as she began to graze the Earth’s atmosphere.  Funaho poured every Joule of energy she had forward 
into Ryo-ohki’s exposed backside, the recoil of that energy quickly slowing her blindingly rapid twenty-
thousand Kilometer per hour closing rate.
	Ryo-ohki instantly realized her predicament.  Frantically firing back at the onrushing Jurai 
spaceship, she was forced to divide her energy between her shields, to protect against both atmospheric re-
entry and Funaho’s shots, firing back at her antagonist, and decelerating to lessen the impending impact 
with the Earth.  To her credit, she was able to manage all these factors down to the point of survival.
	She took hits from Funaho, giving savage blows in reply, was scorched by re-entry, and fell 
wounded at the base of Yosho’s rocky crag.  Living but unconscious, Ryoko’s starship blasted a crater a 
good five-hundred meters across, and lay smoking, imbedded in the earth.
	Sorrowing but undaunted, Ryoko sprang from her wounded ship, charging through the air toward 
the wounded, smoking vessel of her antagonist, as it settled to the ground nearby.  Yosho met her half-way, 
the energy-blade of the Tenchi-sword lashing out like lightning.  Their first collision left Ryoko laughing 
through her tears, as Yosho fell to the ground bleeding from his head.  The glow of the Tenchi-sword 
flickered out.  Just at that moment, Ryo-ohki cried out in her agony, and Ryoko looked away.
	Yosho seized the moment.  Rolling upright on his thighs, the wounded Prince aimed the empty 
handle of his sword at Ryoko’s vulnerable neck and summoned the blade.  It flicked into existence, neatly 
skewering her neck.  In a frozen moment, Yosho thought how easy it would be to flick left, then right, and 
separate this wicked, wounded girl, head from body.  Through the sword, Funaho showed him another way.
	The Jurai power reached out, through the blade, and drew from Ryoko the gems that provided her 
with her more than human energy.  Pinned like a dying butterfly, the unnatural girl assumed a smile, and 
her initial struggle to grasp her antagonist turned to an almost supplicating openness.  She was clearly 
living, but held at bay by the power and length of the sword.  With her telepathy, she whispered to him.
	 “Oh, mighty prince of primates, you have bested me in open fight, I am yours.  With your great 
cudgel you ascended to heaven and brought me down, I am yours.  Lord, my master, I am yours.”
	Just out of reach, the girl relaxed, her hands ceased reaching out for him.  Just then, large warm 
drops of rain began falling from the smoke laden sky, washing streaks of soot down the bleeding Prince and 
his pinioned captive.  Ryoko’s tight red costume faded away as if dissolved, revealing the pale, limp body 
of an adolescent girl.  A certain nausea overtook the Prince as he realized the incongruous and ignorant 
sincerity of the offering she was making of herself.
	At that moment, the Princess Ono ran up to her Prince, and clasped her hands around his, that 
were holding the sword.  Beside her was a glowing light.
	“How sad, dear husband.  This is the demoness that has caused you so much suffering?  Please let 
Funaho hold her from now on, forever”
	Ryoko looked up from the hands that were holding the sword.  An echo of the old glow of 
Kagato’s possession seemed to light her eyes.  She spoke sibilantly past the piercing blade.
	“Ah, Lord Monkey, after defeating me, will you now let the trees devour me?  Is this simple 
young thing the cause of my ultimate defeat, of my being cast aside?”
	“If I am now your Lord, you have no choice but to trust me.  Submit to the tree Funaho, and she 
will heal you.  Or do you now regret trying yourself against me?  Would you have back your former lord, 
Kagato?”
	Terror clouded the pierced girl’s eyes, she began to blubber with fear.
	“Please, no, dear Lord.  Never let that devil touch me again.  I would rather the trees devour me, if 
it pleases you.”
	Yosho unclasped his own and Ono’s hands from the sword, and the glowing light surrounded the 
hilt.  It began floating toward the nearby crag, carrying the helpless Ryoko along.
	“I shall plant her in my garden, my lord Yosho.  My roots shall intertwine with hers, and she shall 
know the serenity of the trees for as long as you and the goddess Tsunami will it.
	I am sorry to tell you, my bond brother and lord, that I shall never rise into space again, but shall 
count out my days on old Earth, beside the lake in which my adversary Ryo-ohki is now buried.  I will 
continue to grow, along with our young sister here, within my nursery.  The water of life shall flow here, as 
long as the hills endure.  Build an enduring shrine, and see to it that people come, that my new sister may 
observer the lives of her human fellows, and learn.”
	Yosho bowed his head, and considered the tree’s words.

Text Copyright 1997, Gregory W. Matteson. <matteson@jps.net>
Characters Copyright and/or Trademark AIC and Pioneer LDCA

