       Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo! Or any of it's characters, with
exception for some, but that's later on into the fanfic so I won't worry
about that right now. I am not making any money by writing this and it's
only
for fun, so...can't sue me! Anyway, Tenchi Muyo! Is owned and copyrighted by

AIC and Pioneer since 1992. This is just a fan fiction that follows the OVA
Series. Hope you enjoy it.

Note: Basic plot is based on a true strory. The people who know me and have
been involved in the situation similar to this should know what I'm talking
about. Tenchi Muyo! is not for little kids under the age of thirteen ...this

is based on the UN-CUT Tenchi Muyo! videos, and relates more to the
subtitled
videos. I'm imagining the Japanese voices..so excuse the script.

Trials of the Heart - Chapter 1: "Gomen nasai"

       I sat there, looking out across the lake. The spring breeze blew my
hair around, sometimes causing a few stray strands to blow into my face.
Lucky for me the sun was already setting, so it wasn't too hot while I was
sitting out there, it was actually getting a little chilly.
       I wrapped my arms around myself in an attempt to keep myself from
getting too cold. The cherry blossoms were falling, one of the more obvious
signs that it was spring time in Japan. We were going to have hanami at the
lake edge. The stars were beginning to show up more now, and I was the only
one sitting near the lake edge. Father and Grandfather were setting up the
lanterns for our light source, even though the full moon and stars were
going
to be out, I suppose the lanterns would be nice too.
       Finally, about after an hour or two of watching the clear water of
the lake's surface, some of the other family members started to show up.
Sasami, Mihoshi, and Wasyuu were all carrying some of the food up, there was

still more to come, but Sasami told me that Ryouko was brining it up.
Grandfather and Father were just about done setting everything up, Kiyoune
just showed up with the second rice pot in her arms, and surely enough,
Ryouko appeared with the rest of the food. I was surprised that she wasn't
eating anything on the way up.
       Everything was finally laid out, but one person was still
missing...."...Hmm..."I looked around and began to quietly count everyone.
The counting didn't help, so I decided to name everyone that was on the
site.
"Let's see...." I pointed my finger and began naming everyone.
       "Sasami, Grandfather, Father, Mihoshi, Wasyuu, Kiyoune, Ryo-Ohki,
Ryouko, and..." I then knew who was missing. I quickly stood up and looked
around. No one seemed to notice my frantic looking about. I shuffled off and

began my search. The sun was quickly sinking, and I needed to know...needed
to know where...
       "Tenchi-sama?" I quietly asked myself as I looked up at the cave of
Ryouko, seeing Tenchi sitting at the top, looking out at the sunset. I
blinked slightly, then quietly and cautiously made my way over to him. He
still sat there as I neared him, staring up into the pastel colored sky, few

stars already beginning to show up near the dark navy blue outskirts of the
pastel colored oranges, reds, and even purples.
       "Tenchi-sama?" I quietly asked, this time to get his attention.
Quickly his attention was diverted from the sky, which looked more like a
painting at the moment, to me. His deep brown eyes were filled with that
same
warmth and love as his cute little half smile formed upon his face.
       "Oh, konbon wa Aeka-san..." he said softly. Icouldn't help, but find
myself blushing at the quick attention I had recieved from Tenchi. I nodded
slightly, and smiled shyly as I bowed to Tenchi.
       "Konbon wa Tenchi-sama..." I quiet replied, more shyly than I ever
would have thought. As I looked at Tenchi, I could see the fain blush in his

cheeks, as he smiled a little more, still very cute.
       "Come sit with me Aeka-san..." Tenchi turned back to the scene before

him. I slowly walked up to him again, I carefully and nervously took a seat
next to him as I looked out at the scene he did. The beautiful portrait of
the evening, as I called it. Sitting next to him, I could feel the rate of
my
heart beat quicken, as if I had been running for a while, my cheeks were
hot,
indicating that I was blushing once again.
       Tenchi looked over at me for a brief moment as a few petals of cherry

blossoms blew in the wind, blowing all around us with some of the leaves
from
the large mapels that also surrounded us, camellias also blowing. As I
slowly
turned to look at Tenchi, he quickly looked away, and back to the "painting
in the sky".
       "It's uh...great...isn't it?" he asked in a desperate attempt to make

conversation. I could tell, simply by the tone in his voice. It was that
"nevous little Ten-chan" voice. I had secret names for many
things...Ten-chan
being the intimate nickname I used to myself for Tenchi isntead of
Tenchi-sama. I really hoped for Tenchi to use the intimate nickname I had
made to match his...Ae-chan and Ten-chan...that's how I wanted things to be,

but Ten-chan..I mean, Tenchi just does not seem to have the interest and
love
for me as I have for him. Shaking my head, I replied before Tenchi became
too
worried about my sudden silence.
       "Yes...it is..."
I saw Tenchi glance at me from the side of his eye, he smiled slightly and
blushed just a little. He then looked straight ahead, smiling a little more.

        "Is everyone already there for the hanami?" he asked. I slowly
nodded my head, not sure if he was looking at me or not, but oh well, I
nodded. Slowly I got to my feet, not wanting to leave the beautiful scenery,

but everyone would have gotten worried if I didn't get there soon with
Tenchi. I sighed and looked down at Tenchi, a small and shy smile across my
face, with a slight blush...I could feel the warmth of my cheeks..so I knew.

Tenchi looked up at me, and stood as well.
        He flashed that cute half smile to me again as he stood there. I
blushed a little more, I could feel more heat rising off of my cheeks as he
smiled. We both began to walk in the direction of where the hanami was being

held. I was excited about it, it would be so romantic...so beautiful.
Okayama
had to be one of the better places to view the sakura...they just seemed so
beatiful here. I have seen them in Tokyo, but for some reason they seem
better here. Maybe it's because this was were Tenchi was? Who knows..? I
know
I will never know.
        Upon reaching there, Ryouko immediatly attacked Tenchi in a vicious
bear hug. She held onto him tightly as I glared and sparks began to spark
from all around. Tenchi swallowed nervously, but soon the excitement ceased
as Ryouko left poor Tenchi alone. Sitting in our choice places, we had a
picnic under the falling sakura. It was so beautiful...
        My place of choice was near the edge of the lake...where I had been
before everyone began arriving. It was the farthest place from the rest of
the family, and the lanterns barely lit the area up. I looked up at the moon

and the stars, then looked down at the moonlight kissed lake. The sakura
seemed to glow as they gently danced in the sky, then landed on the glassy
lake. The sight was something that only looked better away from man-made
light.
        Hearing a rustle behind me, I quickly turned around and looked to
see who was standing there. It was Sasami and she had brought me a few
bottles of sake' and a sake' glass. I smiled at the younger sister I held so

dear to me.
        "Thank you Sasami..." I said gently, as I took the sake' things away

from her and gently lay them next to me.
        "You're welcome o-nesama!" she chirped brightly before skipping away

to join the rest of the family. I watched as Sasami went to them, a small
smile upon my face. I then spotted Tenchi. He was smiling, having fun like
the rest of the family. He didn't really seem to notice me, sitting all
alone
by the lake. So I quietly watched him, watch him be happy, watch him be with

Ryouko...My heart ached to watch the scene, but I could not tear my eyes
away
from the scene. He looked so happy with her...he always did. And he never
called her "San", he had always called her "Ryouko" not once since I have
known him have I heard him call her "Ryouko-san". Out of respect I know he
had called me "Aeka-san" on many occassions...but even still...his calling
me
"Aeka-san" began to make me feel as if, we could never be together, with
that
"San" there...."Tenchi-sama" is out of deep respect for him, but there was
at
least intimacy in that as well..."San" just did have that "love" that "Sama"

did.
        Maybe about fifteen minutes passed, Tenchi still had not noticed me
looking at him. Maybe he was having too much of a good time being with the
others...being with Ryouko..not having me around. Feeling too much pain in
my
heart, I slowly looked away and began to drink my sake'. I continued to look

at the beautiful, natural sight before me, while sipping the cooling sake'
that Sasami had brought for me.
        Everything continued on through the night, until past midnight. I
knew everyone had left, but I still sat at the lake, sake' cup in hand and
the sake' bottle in the other. I don't know why, but I just didn't really
feel the urge to return to the residence.
        "Aeka-san?" I heard a familiar voice from behind.
        "What is it Tenchi-sama?" I quietly asked, pouring sake' into my
cup. I felt his eyes upon me, but I did not turn around to look at him. I
poured a little more sake' into my cup before I drank it down while he was
talking.
        "Are you alright Aeka-san? You were alone all night...I was worried
about you..." he said. I could in fact hear the worry and concern in his
voice, but I didn't exactly want to burst into tears and fall into his arms.

I sighed quietly, doing my best to make sure that he didn't hear me. I
poured
more sake' into my empty cup as I drank it down. I rested the empty bottle
to
the side along with the cup. I nodded my head slowly. I didn't want Tenchi
to
be worrying about me after he had such a good night.
        "I'm fine Tenchi-sama" I replied, almost feeling my heart shatter as

I said it. For some reason I could sense the hurt in my voice, and Tenchi, I

think heard it as well.
        "Are you sure? You sound...hurt" he quietly said, not at all trying
to hide his concern for me. Although I could tell he was concerned, my
spirits weren't lifted. I had been watching him laugh, smile, and have
fun...with Ryouko for too long that night. It wouldn't seem right, and it
would hurt too much to have my spirits lifted, then dropped like the atom
bomb was dropped on Hiroshima during World War II.
        "I said I'm fine" I replied, colder than I had intended. I could
feel Tenchi's reaction, the hurt of hearing such a tone come from me.
        "Oh...ok..." he simply replied. That feelings of his feelings hurt
still lingered in the air. I sighed again, my head bowed down and looking at

the water closest to the edge. I didn't want to look at him, I couldn't look

at him. I didn't have any idea why, but everything that I have ever felt
towards Tenchi Masaki just was all jumbled up and mixed up. I hated him for
not choosing, I loved him for who he was, I hated him for ignoring me all
night, I loved him for the concern right now...I didn't understand it. Is
this what love does to you? I asked myself. Shaking my head, I sighed again
at the thought of Tenchi being with Ryouko. Everyday it seemed more of a
reality than the other, and more and more I was pushed into the outskirts of

eternal friendship with my love.
        If only I could be more open like Ryouko...if only I weren't so
embarrassed to say to Tenchi the three simple words that I could think to
myself constantly, over and over. "I love you" those words...three simple
words yet they would not escape me. I couldn't say them. Not to him...Why? I

screamed to myself, Why does it have to be like this? I felt Tenchi's arm
around me. I looked at him, slightly blushing as I did. His face was
serious,
his soft, dark brown eyes filled with kindness, love, and warmth. I looked
away from him, I didn't want to look at him.
        "Please Aeka-san...talk to me..." he said quietly, his arm still
comfortingly around me. I slowly shook my head. No...I said to myself in my
mind. I don't want to talk to you Tenchi-sama...I'm afraid of you. More
things I wanted to say to him, they would not escape my lips as I wished
them
to. They stayed there, in my mind, not going anywhere else, but it could all

easily go onto paper. There was the answer, the way I could tell Tenchi how
I
truly felt about him...If only I had the courage to give it to him. I could
easily write it down of course, but it was the "letting him read it" part
that I wasn't too sure about.
        "Aeka-san?" I heard him say. I turned my head to the side a little
more and closed my eyes so that I couldn't see him. I don't know..now more
than ever before, seeing him being happy with Ryouko hurt me. I know I
wanted
him to be happy..but I wanted him to be happy with me. I'm not sure if he
knew it, but seeing him with Ryouko always tore me up inside. Tenchi was
Tenchi...cute, loving, simple-minded. I didn't expect him to understand my
feelings. I knew he probably had no idea that I was feeling this way,
feeling
rejected. Whenever I think about it, Tenchi had always seemed to like Ryouko

better. I wish he would just choose already...So this pain I feel would go
away. I pulled myself away from Tenchi's comforting arm and stood up.
        "Forgive me Tenchi-sama..." I said quietly, feeling tears welling up

in my closed eyes, feeling them press against my eyelids, trying to escape
my
eyes. Holding them back as well as I could, I turned around and slowly began

walking off, leaving Tenchi there.
        I'm not sure if I had hurt his feelings by just leaving like that,
or if I had made him feel relief to show that I was "losing interest" in
him.
The truth is, I wasn't, but his indecsiveness was really hurting me, and
being around him just hurt way too much. I couldn't stand the pain.
        As I made my way down towards the house, I paused, stopped. I looked

up at the lonely moon. It reminded me of myself in a lot of ways. Forever
floating through space, all alone, such a beautiful sight, yet...always
alone...forever. Shaking my head at the thought of forever being like the
lonely moon, I felt the hot tears roll down my cheeks as they pushed their
way out of my eyes. I ran through the house, hearing Ryouko's voice as I
went
up the stairs.
        "Aeka?"
The tone was that of concern, I was a little surprised, but I kept my hands
over my face, running towards my room. Not long after I had settled onto my
futon, there was a knock at my door, and not too long after, I heard the
familiar sound of Ryouko phasing through the door.
        "Hey princess? You ok?" she asked, a more concerned tone than I had
ever heard, especially from her directed towards me. I nodded my head, still

weeping into my hands as they hid my hurt and afraid expression. I knew
Ryouko was looking me over, I could feel her eyes upon me. She probably
didn't buy it...
        "Yeah right. Like I'm supposed to believe that" she said plainly. I
didn't reply.
        "Fine, if you wanna be like that, be like that. Later" I then heard
her phase out. I lay down on my bed, and continued to cry. I whispered his
name under my breath out of sorrow, the tears dripped into my mouth, making
it harder for me to keep crying because of the taste of my tears. My pillow
beneath my head was also starting to get soaked with salty tears in one
little spot.
        Maybe about after an hour and a half of crying, I had drifted off
into sleep...it wasn't a deep and peaceful sleep...It was actually rather
disturbing. I don't know why...but I just could not seem to have pleasant
sleep. It was disturbed by nightmares...me losing Tenchi to Ryouko and so
on...I couldn't sleep right. Why after only tonight was this happening? We
just had hanami, I should be happy..
        But...usually, hanami is celebrating the sakura in the spring with
your family and loved ones. I wasn't included in that activity. They let me
sit alone...by myself as if I were not a part of them. Sasami seemed to be
the only one that cared...even a little. I knew she wanted to stay with
everyone else, but when she brought me my sake' I saw the pain, and longing
of her wanting to be at my side, but wanting to be with the family as well.
We both had a silent conversation, I was urging Sasami to go join them and
have fun...and she did. That's all that mattered...my little sister was
having fun..And Tenchi was happy too..But seeing him being happy, Ryouko
right next to him...hurt me..especially since he didn't really seem to
notice
me until Ryouko left.
        Not too long after, I awoke at the sound of a loud crash coming from

the main room. I looked at Sasami and she had awaken as well. She ran to my
futon in great fear, my arms were already outstretched and waiting. I
embraced my sister as we sat there, listening.
        The sound of Tenchi's door sliding open came soon after, then the
sound of Ryouko's teleportation. Then by Mihoshi's very loud yawn, and
finally Kiyoune hitting Mihoshi over the head. There were loud roars coming
from the staircase, all of the action was audible from where Sasami and I
sat, holding each other for comfort.
        "What's going on o-nesama?" Sasami asked. I could hear the fear in
her voice, it quavered as if she were on the verge of tears. I held Sasami
closer to me, resting my chin on her head.
        "I don't know Sasami-chan...but I this it's safer if we stay
here..." I whispered as reassuingly as I possibly could. Sasami nodded
slightly, and did her best to hide herself within my arms. I then heard a
scream that sounded almost as if it were right outside our door.
        "Ahh! Back off!" the sound of an energy blade was heard, then a
slash, splatter, and finally a deafening scream. I picked Sasami up and ran
out the door, past a monster and Tenchi, then down the stairs, still holding

the crying Sasami in my arms. I made my way past another bunch of monsters
that were all being fended off by Ryouko and Kiyoune, Mihoshi being bait.
        As I got outside with Sasami, Ryo-Ohki trailing close behind, I
glanced back and tripped over a rock, forcing Sasami out of my arms and
flying through the air. I looked up and screamed as Sasami landed on the
ground, the wind knocked out of her. I crawled over to her, my ankle
throbbing with pain.
        "Sasami-chan!" I screamed as I saw her struggling for breath.
Finally, when I got there, Sasami collapsed into my arms, and I allowed her
to breathe again. Sitting in the middle of the field, feeling a great sense
of relief that we were finally safe, I patted Sasami's back comfortingly.
        "Don't worry..everyone is ok..." Sasami wept into my night gown,
begging and pleading to Tsunami that they were safe. Then I looked up and
saw
Ryouko, three of the monsters trailing behind her. She looked a bit beat up,

but not too far behind her, on foot, ran Tenchi, one of the monsters
following him. He pulled out Tenchi-Ken just in time as the monster lunged
at
him. I watched as he dodged it well, getting caught in its claws only once
in
a great while. I could hear the battle sounds of Ryouko above, but I only
knew how good a job she did as one by one the monsters' dead bodies landed
on
the land.
        Tenchi finally managed to kill the monster he fought off. He landed
on his feet, allowed the blade of Tenchi-Ken to disappear, then, he
collapsed
onto the ground, breathing heavily. I let Sasami go so that she could run to

him, and that she did. Ryouko flew to his side as well, and I just sat
there,
watching as they tended to him. His face wasn't blocked, he was luckily
still
concious as well. He turned his head and looked at me, almost pleadingly, I
forced myself to my feet with a limp, then began to limp towards the house
again, the whole time I could feel eyes on me. Who they belonged to I wasn't

sure of, but I was sure I felt someone's eyes on me.
        The tears that took a while to get rid of returned, and they
streamed down my face as I continued limping towards the house. I then heard

a yell come from behind me, and I discovered whose eyes were on me.
        "Aeka!"
I quickly spun around, almost falling to the ground as I looked into the
angry eyes and face of Ryouko. I was surprised, more shocked actually.
        "You say you love Tenchi...But when he's injured and asking for you
to be at his side along with Sasami and I, you leave! What kind of love is
that!?" she screamed. It wasn't like her to be scolding me about leaving,
but
after a while I discovered the answer. She was scolding me because of
Tenchi.
She couldn't stand to see him physically and emotionally hurt. I guess she
knew that I was the cause of his emotional pain.
        Tears were the only response to Ryouko, she didn't see them. I
slowly turned around, and continued limping towards the house. This time I
could feel three pairs of eyes on me. Then I heard fast paced running and
finally I heard a voice.
        "O-nesama!"
Sasami...the one in the family who I could turn to for anything. Through the

hot and salty tears, I smiled weakly, feeling Sasami grasp my waist and hug
me tightly, holding me back from advancing.
        "O-nesama..." she cried, burying her face in the robes that covered
my stomach. Struggling to keep the tears from falling onto Sasami's head, I
put my arms on her shoulders, the usual way that I hugged her from the
front.
I looked down at her, still struggling to hold the tears back. I failed...a
few dropped onto Sasami's head, causing her to look up, letting one of my
tears hit her on the little triangle on her forehead.
        "Why..why are you crying o-nesama?" she asked, her voice quavery
from her own crying, yet full of concern. I didn't know why Sasami was
crying, but I wasn't about to ask her...she had her reasons and I respected
her privacy.
        "It's nothing Sasami.." I tried to pathetically get her mind off of
it. "You know how I am..I cry over everything..." The tears flowed down my
cheeks again as I looked down at her. Slowly my gaze moved from Sasami, to
Ryouko and Tenchi. They were truly alone, she was the only one tending to
him. I could be there...I could be helping Tenchi..but here I was...in the
comforting little arms of Sasami...crying my heart out..hiding from my love
for Tenchi.
        "O-nesama...I'm crying for you..." Sasami smiled weakly up at me as
I looked down at her again. Tears were flowing down her cheeks as well.
        "Sasami-chan...why?" was all I could ask her. Now that I knew that
she wanted to tell me...I asked. More tears ran down her cheeks and she
tried
her best to control them...that I could see.
        "Because...you're hiding from Tenchi-nichan and it hurts to see
it...I don't like seeing you hurt o-nesama!" she wrapped her arms more
tightly around me, now crying uncontrollable. At Sasami's words, I cried
more
as well...my sister...she understood me...
        "Sasami...chan...." I pulled away from her and fell to the ground. I

sat on my knees and quickly wrapped my arms around her as she wrapped hers
around me.
        "O-nesama! Stop hurting yourself..."
        "Gomen ne Sasami-chan....I can't help it..."
I released my sister when she released me, and I struggled to my feet. I
glanced back at Ryouko and Tenchi. They were talking, I couldn't make out
what they were saying or how their lips were moving. I saw Ryouko glance
over
at me, but I couldn't read her expression. She looked away, and looked back
at Tenchi. Ryouko then sat down at his side, still looking at him as he lay
there, obviously talking to her, for she nodded once and a while and looked
at me.
        "O-nesama...?" Sasami asked. I turned my head and looked down at her

as she looked up at me.
        "What is it Sasami-chan?"
        "For me o-nesama...please help Tenchi-nichan..." she said, her voice

quavering again, her eyes watering as she was on the verge of tears. Seeing
Sasami's expression was enough to cause my eyes to water as well,
basically...I felt as if I were feeling her emotions.
        "Sasami-chan...."
        "Please o-nesama!" she now cried, trying to act angry, but I could
see that she was hurt. I was surprised none-the-less.
        "For me...for you...for Tenchi-nichan..." her voice now soft and
fully quavered from her crying. Tenchi sat up, now sitting on the ground. I
looked over at Tenchi and Ryouko, as they sat there looking at me. Tears
uncontrollably ran down my cheeks now. I ran forward, just limping quickly
actually, towards Tenchi.
        "Tenchi-sama!" I screamed as I was about a few yards away, I looked
at Tenchi, as blurry as my vision was because of the tears, his expression
was of great surprise. At the last minute, I threw myself onto him. I rested

my head against his chest, my lower body of course was on the ground. I also

had my hands on his chest, not too much lower on it than my head was. I felt

Tenchi's eyes on me as I cried.
        "Aeka-san...?" he asked, his voice full of wonder and surprise.
        "Gomen nasai Tenchi-sama..." Tenchi stood up, and helped me to my
feet. I wiped my tears away, and looked up at him, he lifted his hand and
wiped away a few more tears as he looked at me. I caught a glimpse of
Ryouko,
who didn't look angry at all. She was actually smiling a little, and she
didn't even teleport away, instead, she stayed at Tenchi's side, even when
he
carried me on his back towards the house. The whole time I watched Ryouko,
surprised at her behavior. She really does love Tenchi...I thought to myself

as I looked at her.
        Ryouko then looked at me, her expression confused.
        "What? Are you trying to melt my face off or something?" she asked,
in her normal tone of voice. I blushed and turned away, looking in the
opposite direction.
        "No..it's nothing..."
        "Whatever"
I sighed as Tenchi continued to carry me on his back. I closed my eyes, and
a
while later I felt him stop walking, then I heard him talking to Ryouko and
Sasami.
        "Why don't you two go ahead? I have to clean off Aeka's ankle before

I take her inside anyway" I heard Sasami chirp happily, and Ryouko's calm
voice.
        "Ok!"
        "Anything you say Tenchi"
I opened my eyes and leaned over Tenchi's shoulder, looking at him as he
started in a different direction. The direction towards the little cabin...
        "Uhm...where are we going Tenchi-sama?"
        "Huh? Oh, I'm going to go take you to take care of that ankle of
yours..." he replied.
        "Oh...I see...." I rested my head on the back of his shoulder as he
continued on. Many thoughts ran through my head, then the memory of when I
sprained my ankle when I first got here popped into my mind.
        "This is just like..."
        "...when Ryo-Ohki was born..." he finished for me. I slowly nodded
my head, making sure I wouldn't slip off his back, but he was holding onto
my
legs, which helped a little.
        "I know.." was his response to my nod.
Not too long after, we had reached that little mountain cabin. Tenchi slid
the door open, and walked in. He placed me upon the little "cot-bench" and
looked down at me.
        "You wait here...I'll go get a wet cloth"
He ran out the cabin, and left me there. I looked around, remembering the
entire event. I blushed just remembering it. I shook the thought out of my
head, allowing the blush to leave just in time, as Tenchi ran in with a wet
cloth. He handed it to me, amazingly similar to the time he offered his
training towel to me so I could dry myself. I blushed, not only from the
memory, but also because, I wasn't able to wipe my ankle off. Tenchi looked
at me, then blinked. I looked away, and I guess he figured it out.
        I glanced at him from the corner of my eye. He knelt down in front
of me, and blushed, then gently moved the kimono away, revealing my leg. I
saw a little blood trickle from his nose at this, and I only blushed more,
straining myself to look away, but I couldn't. He took the cloth, then began

to gently dab at it. Removing the blood and dirt.
        "You're lucky..." he said, the blood still coming from his nose.
        "It's not too bad, but you shouldn't use it...It's just covered  in
dirt and scratches...You probably should stay out of the onsen...or at least

keep this leg out of it" he explained to me as he cleaned it up. I nodded
slowly, and finally managed to look away. After maybe fifteen minutes,
Tenchi
spoke.
        "Ok, all done" I looked at him as he stood up and covered my leg
again. He wiped the blood from his nose and blushed as he looked at me. He
laughed nervously to stop me from blushing, and it did. He helped me onto
his
back again, then we both left the cabin, and went home. The sun was already
rising, so Tenchi put me in my room, and immediately left to get his chores
done.
        As I lay in bed, Sasami walked in with a bandage, and knelt at my
side. I sat up, and let her bandage my ankle. I smiled at her.
        "Arigatou Sasami-chan"
She smiled.
        "You're welcome o-nesama!"
Sasami then skipped over to her bed and lay down under the covers. She
yawned
and closed her eyes.
        "Wake me up to make lunch..." she mumbled, already asleep. I smiled,

and got back under my covers. I closed my eyes and went to sleep.
        At lunch time, I awoke, Sasami already awake. I yawned as I got out
of bed and changed into my casual wear. I made my way down the stairs and
into the main room, where everyone was already waiting for the lunch.
Mihoshi
was on the couch, falling asleep in front of the TV, Tenchi, Wasyuu,
Grandfather, and Kiyoune were all already gathered around the table. I
figured lunch was almost done and saved my regular trip to the onsen when I
woke up, and walked to the table. I took a seat next to Wasyuu and stared
down at the wooden top of the table.
        "Ohayo Aeka-san" Tenchi said. I simply nodded without looking up.
        "Ohayo Gozaimasu Aeka-dono" Wasyuu stated. I nodded again.
        "Ohayo Gozaimasu Aeka-sama" Kiyoune said. Once again I simply
nodded.
        "Ohayo Gozaimasu Minna-san" was my reply to them all, still my eyes
never left the top of the table. After all the greetings, I realized that it

was the afternoon. Why were they all saying "ohayo" and why was I saying it?

I then figured that because it seemed like morning, nearly everyone had just

woken up. I still felt a little groggy...now I knew why mother had always
had
us awaken before it got too late, after that you simply become lazy, your
mind fooling it for you being tired.
        I began thinking. Mostly about whatever might have been said between

Tenchi and Ryouko when I was leaving the scene to return home. I was
somewhat
afraid to know what may have been said. I could confront one of them about
it..but that might seem a bit nosy of me.
