Disclaimer: This is a speculatory and purely hypothetical interpretation 
as to what might happen in the time after the conclusion of the second 
_Tenchi Muyo!_ OVA, and has no direct relationship to Pioneer or AIC, 
who own all rights to the _TM!_ characters that appear in this story.  
I do not own the _Tenchi Muyo!_ characters, nor am I looking to make any
money off this fic, nor am I looking to get sued, seeing as I have no 
money.  However, I ask that no one use or post this fic or any portion 
of it without my permission.

Pre-Note: I don't care if you don't want another chapter of this fic or 
not, I made one anyway!  Mwahahaha...!  Sorry....  Oh, yeah, if anyone 
with some good credentials wants to be a pre-reader for this fic I'd be 
grateful.  I have one offline pre-reader at the moment, plus I pre-read 
and edit my own material, but I'd appreciate some more outside input.  
A word of warning: unintentionally, this episode turned out to have 
little true "action," like sword fights and such nonsense, so I 
apologize to those of you who were expecting a big duel or something 
because so was I.  Plenty of action AND drama next time, I promise.

Tenchi Muyo!: Trials and Fears
by "Master Kodama" (master_kodama@yahoo.com)
Chapter 3: "Two Paths"

	Washu stepped forward calmly as Ray placed a restraining and 
reassuring hand on Tenchi's shoulder.  She checked Yosho's vital signs 
quickly.
	"He's still alive," she confirmed, typing rapidly away at her 
holo-computer.  "But I'll need to get him in my lab, and fast."
	A demensional doorway opened nearby, and Ray and Tenchi quickly
carried Yosho in and lay him on the awaiting table that Washu gestured 
to silently, as the rest of the household followed them in, Ayeka most 
closely and worriedly.
	Four glowing blue half-rings appeared over the table, encircling 
Yosho's body, and he was encased in a transparent energy field.
	Working away at several adjourning instruments, Washu began to 
report on the prone man's condition.
	"That wound he received from that Kumiro bastard is no ordinary 
scrape.  It will take time and lots of effort to heal properly...."
	Tenchi did not hear the rest.  Spending the whole night torturing 
himself for his actions against Ayeka and Ryoko followed by the terrible
events of the morning finally took their toll on him, and Tenchi slipped
silently into the realms of unconsciousness.

	When he awoke, he found himself lying in his own bed.  A worried 
Ryoko and Mihoshi stood over him, and his father came to stand beside 
them.
	"Ah, I see you are awake, Tenchi," he said.
	"Are you okay?" Mihoshi asked, concerned.
	"Miya?" Ryo-ohki added from where she stood in toddler form by the 
edge of this bed.
	Tenchi smiled weakly.  "I'm fine.  Thank's for carrying me up 
here.  But you shouldn't worry yourselves about me, it's Grandpa who's 
in danger.  Go on now, I'll be fine."
	"Right," Mihoshi concurred, and she and Nobuyuki nodded, and 
obliged him, shutting the door after them.  Ryo-ohki followed a moment 
after, bumping into the door once before remembering herself and phasing
through.  Ryoko remained, as if transfixed, gazing down at him with 
terrible worry in her expression.
	"Go on, Ryoko.  I'll be okay..." Tenchi assured her.
	She did not go, and after a moment, she asked, "Tenchi, where were
you last night...?  You didn't go back to your room did you?"
	Tenchi sighed.  "No, I didn't...."
	"Then... where were you...?  Ayeka said you weren't with her, 
but..." Ryoko trailed off.
	"Ryoko, don't be ridiculous," he said with a hint of exasperation.
After a moment of silence, he continued, "I felt bad about the way I 
spoke harshly to you both, and I'm sorry.  I was balancing on the pole."
	"All night?" Ryoko asked, her eyes widening in astonishment.
	Tenchi closed his eyes.  "Ryoko, please let me rest now.  I will 
need my energy for later."
	Ryoko knew he meant for when he planned to face Kumiro.
	"Tenchi..." she whispered, backing away slowly towards the door, 
"I am afraid... I'm afraid for you...."
	She disappeared.
	Tenchi opened his eyes after a moment, wondering what she had 
meant by those words.  He decided that at the moment he needed rest more
than he needed to figure out that mystifying woman.  He rolled over, and
went back to sleep.

	Tenchi watched Ayeka as she stood with her back to him, gazing 
ceaselessly at the enclosed regeneration unit where his grandfather lay, 
looking not but a few years older than Tenchi himself.
	After he had gotten as much rest as he thought he could sacrifice 
the time for, Tenchi had immediately gone looking for Ayeka.  Sasami 
told him that she had stayed by his side for several hours, but had gone
to keep a watch over Yosho before Tenchi had awakened.
	And so here she was, countless hours later, still silently 
watching over the still form that was and yet wasn't Tenchi's wise old 
grandfather.  It was not like he was a different man.  In fact, it was 
more like he was the same man, the same one he had been seven-hundred 
years earlier, and that was what was troubling Ayeka.  And worst of all,
he had been lying to her about it for a very long time.
	Considering his own situation, Tenchi could sympathize with the 
princess.  Imagine her confusion, suddenly realizing that the man she 
had loved so dearly was in fact still the man she loved, even if only in
something as superficial as appearance.  Yet now, she had feelings for 
Tenchi, or so it seemed.  The conflict in her, Tenchi knew, had to be 
very like his own.
	"Ayeka..." he said softly when he finally spoke.
	Ayeka turned around, but quickly turned back, hiding her face.  He
could see that she was crying.
	"Tenchi," she said, wiping her eyes while she faced away from him,
"I just thought someone should watch over him...."
	Tenchi surprised her by coming up and putting a comforting arm 
around her shoulder.  He did not realize that this only served to 
further confuse her emotions.
	"I know how you feel, Ayeka," he said, giving her a light squeeze 
that sent a thrill through her that she immediately felt guilty for.  
She was a princess, raised to be cool and calculated, and yet all of her
years of training and experience in diplomacy and self-control were 
utterly forgotten and useless in the presence of this boy.
	"You... you do?" she asked after she had managed to calm her 
suddenly fluttering heart.
	"Of course.  Your heart is suddenly being pulled and bounced every
which-way, and it's all you can do to keep your head from being dragged 
along with it."
	Ayeka gave a princessly blush, considering her still pounding 
heart and the unwitting irony of Tenchi's analogy.
	"It's alright Ayeka.  I understand.  But it really tears me up to 
see you like this."
	"Like... like what?"
	"Confused.  Hurt and confused.... I feel like it's somehow my 
fault."
	"It's not your fault, Tenchi," Ayeka assured him.
	After a pause, Tenchi spoke again, "I came to apologize Ayeka.  I 
lost my temper last night.  I still stand by what I said, but I 
shouldn't have yelled at you, and I'm sorry."
	Ayeka smiled to herself and leaned her head on his shoulder.  "I'm
glad Tenchi..." she whispered, watching the still sleeping Yosho.  Why 
had he lied to her?  Didn't he care about her?  About her feelings?
	She decided to push those sad thoughts from her mind and enjoy her
moment with Tenchi.
	But the moment was ended when Washu entered the room, and Tenchi 
stepped away from her.  She glanced at him, looking hurt, and then 
looked away.  Tenchi mentally kicked himself for being so cold to her 
again, but then turned his mind to other matters.
	"How is he doing, Washu?" he asked the diminutive scientist.
	"Much better.  His vital signs are all normal, but it will take 
weeks to remove the strange dark energy that lingers in his wound and 
threatens to infect his sub- and supra-physical forms."
	Tenchi nodded gravely, knowing that if it would take Washu that 
long to cure him, it must be serious.
	Another thought struck him.  "Is there any way I can help?  What 
with my unusual power and all...."
	"Not unusual, Tenchi," Washu corrected him as she worked away 
busily at her holo-computer.  "Unique.  Totally unique.  Unfortunately, 
the answer at the moment is no, since I don't have a full and proper 
understanding of the exact nature and extent of your powers, seeing as 
they seem to hide themselves on some level that even I can't reach."
	After awhile, Washu left, and Tenchi was alone with a wordless 
Ayeka.  As the silence grew uncomfortable, Tenchi tried to excuse 
himself, but Ayeka stopped him.
	"Lord Tenchi, wait!" she reached a hand out as he moved to leave.
	He turned back slowly.  "Yes, Ayeka?"
	Steeling herself, Ayeka decided to say what she had been thinking 
over earlier.  "Tenchi... you say it hurts you to see me so... confused,
but..." she closed her eyes, trying to figure out exactly what it was 
she was trying to tell him.  "Last night, when you lost your temper with
us and told us how frustrated and strained you were... you had every 
right to, but..." suddenly she threw down her hands and looked him in 
the eye, "but how do you think it makes ME feel!?  Seeing you so... so 
torn like that.  You were the one who was confused, and we, Ryoko and I,
and everyone else too, we were the ones who were hurt by that!  Don't 
you think it tears us apart just as much?"
	Tenchi was shocked by her words.  Could this be true?  What a 
stupid question.  It had to be.  He could see the truth reflected in her
eyes... the reflection of the soul.  And, it was simple common sense.  
Why hadn't he thought of this before?  Was he too involved with taking 
the hurt for others that he didn't consider what hurt his own pain might
cause them?  Was that itself a form of self-involvement and selfishness,
which Tenchi so fervently tried to avoid?  The concepts were complicated
and confusing beyond belief.
	"What I think I'm trying to say, Tenchi..." Ayeka continued, her 
tone more subdued once again, but still with a definite note of urgency 
and an unnatural volume to her voice.  "What I'm trying to say is... if 
it hurts you so much to have us fighting over you... then just decide 
and stop torturing yourself!"
	Tenchi could not have been more surprised by what she had just 
said.  He doubted he had ever been more surprised in his life.  Ayeka 
was crying.
	"Just get it over with, whoever you choose!  I don't know her very
well, but... I'm sure Ryoko would agree with me...."
	He didn't know what to say.  He was positive he had never been so 
surprised in his life.  Not when he had released Ryoko from the cave, 
not when she had attacked him at school, not when Kagato had attacked, 
and not even when he'd discovered he was crown prince and possibly heir-
apparent to the throne of a distant planet.
	Ray walked in, and Ayeka, ever the proud princess, turned away to 
hide her tears.
	"Hey, Tenchi, have you seen Ryoko?" he asked when he spotted them.
	"No, Ray... I can't say I have, not for several hours," Tenchi 
replied.  "Doesn't anyone else know where she is?"
	Ray shook his head, "No, that's the weird thing.  I told her we'd 
go out to a dance club in town to help get her mind off... stuff."
	In spite of himself, Tenchi smiled.  "Going out on a date with 
your half-sister?  That's a little strange..." he trailed off.  He 
glanced at the sleeping Yosho, then at Ayeka who was looking directly at
him.  She sobbed and looked away again.  *Except on Jurai, it's not...*
	"Ayeka..." he began, but Ray was suddenly behind him putting a 
restraining hand on his shoulder.  Ray shook his head.
	"In this instance, you're not the person she should talk to... let
me handle this.  You go and rest."
	After a moment, Tenchi nodded.
	Numbly, Tenchi went up stairs and sat on his bed, for how long he 
could not say, but when he glanced at the clock it was late.
	There was a knock on the door.
	"Come in..." Tenchi responded half-heartedly.
	Ray opened the door and looked in.
	"I figured you wouldn't have gone back to sleep," he said.
	"Too restless," Tenchi replied.
	"Well, since Ryoko doesn't seem to want to come, I was wondering 
if you'd ever been to a dance club... you know, with music and _girls_,
heaven forbid," Ray grinned broadly.
	Feeling warmed by the man's friendly offer, Tenchi grinned back, 
"It's a date."

	Ryoko sat alone, hugging her knees to her chest.  She felt so sad 
and depressed, and she didn't really know why.  Only that every time she
tried to identify the reason, she got a sinking feeling that Tenchi did 
not, would not ever, feel the same for her as she did for him.  Several 
times, her demeanor became so sullen that she considered staying locked 
up in the eerie cave for another seven-hundred years, or for however 
long it took to purge herself of his memory.
	Was that why she had come here, to this illy and oddly illuminated
prison that so well matched her dark feelings?  Perhaps it was.  More 
likely it was because no one would ever think to look for her here.  She
had not returned to this place since being released by Tenchi, more than
a year before.
	She flushed red at the memory of Tenchi stumbling upon her cold, 
shrivelled form within the cave.  It had been the most angering and 
embarrasing experience of her life; he had not been meant to see her 
like that!  She supposed that was why she had let her frustration get 
the better of her when she had come to him at his school.  How could she
have been so rash and stupid!  Now Tenchi would never think of her as 
more than a monster.
	A huge sob wracked Ryoko's form as she tried to sigh, and she 
clutched herself tighter to keep from shaking.
	*I must be strong!* she told herself.  *Tenchi could never love a 
weak woman...* but she wondered if that was really true.
	"Here you are," a voice said, as someone sat down next to her.  
"It's two in the morning.  I've been looking all over for you."
	Ryoko almost burst into tears when she realized it was Tenchi.  
Maybe... just maybe he did feel for her.
	She didn't look at him.  "How did you know I was here?" she asked,
hoping Washu hadn't clued him in.
	"I just had a feeling....  After all this is where I looked for 
you practically every day when I was little, right?"
	Ryoko looked up and saw that he was smiling.  She remembered the 
curious little boy who had entered the range of her consciousness, 
returning time and time again despite his grandfather's warnings.
	"You were looking for me...?"
	"Why wouldn't I be?  With legends of an ancient demon, what 
curious kid wouldn't be looking for you?  All little boys fancy 
themselves as samurai now and then."
	Ryoko looked down into the glowing pit below, a bit embarrased by 
Tenchi's admission, but also a bit disappointed by his reasons for 
looking for her.
	"I thought you were only looking for the sword," she murmured.
	"Well, I did want to see the magic sword that held the demon at 
bay, but... I could sense you, longing to be released from your 
confinement... and for some reason, I wasn't afraid.  Grandpa told me 
over and over, 'an evil demon resides within!' but I didn't really 
believe it... not completely.  I sensed a presence.  Not an evil power, 
just a sad, lonely someone....
	"Plus," he added, grinning as if what he'd just related was  
nothing unusual or significant, "being just a child I figured that if 
there was a demon, it'd had a long enough time out and would be very
sorry for being bad."
	Ryoko didn't respond, but couldn't help but feel cheered by 
Tenchi's always up-beat if usually serious demeanor.  He had an infinite
capacity for making her feel warm and gratified.
	Tenchi leaned back and lay against the cold stone floor that had 
an intricate pattern of under-lighted riverlets running through it.
	"So this was what it was like..." he said, as Ryoko lay back to 
join him.  "Seven-hundred years of staring up at this dark ceiling in 
this weird light... it must have been aweful, Ryoko... I'm glad I 
released you."
	"You know," Ryoko said, leaning her head on the side of Tenchi's 
chest, "I wouldn't mind spending another seven-hundred years in here, or
even a thousand, if you were here to keep me company...."
	Tenchi smiled absently, and stroked her hair lightly, and Ryoko 
practically glowed in his smile and at his touch, but he seemed to miss 
-- or ignore -- the import of her statement.
	"Ryoko," he said in a tone that was serious and seemed to brook no
argument.  "I'm going to ask you to do a favor for me.  I'm sorry I 
yelled the other night, but I still need both of you to stop your 
fighting.  I'd like to get to know you and Ayeka both, as people and as 
friends, but I can't do that with you fighting all the time."
	He paused.  "It's strange; you both act so confident when you 
fight that you, each of you, are the one I care for more, but it's not 
that simple..." he trailed off, but started up again.  "The truth is, I 
don't like either of you in the way you would hope... not yet.  And I 
never will if I know as little about who each of you really are....  Do 
you understand what I'm saying, Ryoko?"
	Ryoko was saddened by what he said, but nodded none the less, her 
head still laying against his chest.  A few rogue tears fell onto his 
shirt.  She decided to banish her sadness by satisfying a bit of her own
curiosity.
	"Tenchi, if I ask you a question, will you promise to answer me 
and not take it in the wrong way?" she inquired, turning her head 
upwards looking into his face.
	Tenchi wasn't sure he liked the direction the conversation was 
heading, but he smiled and said, "Sure, Ryoko."
	"Tenchi... have you ever... done it?" she asked him curiously.
	Tenchi's expression darkened and he swallowed slightly.  He 
definitely didn't like the way this questioning was headed.  "'It'...?"
	"I'm not teasing Tenchi... really, have you ever... made love?"
	Tenchi made a wry expression.  "What's your definition?"
	"Tenchi!" she protested, poking him in the side, but couldn't help
a giggle.  Besides being deep and kind, Tenchi could be a really fun guy
once he loosened up.  "Now who's the one teasing?"
	"Ouch, okay, okay... no of course I haven't.  What did you think?"
	She gazed up at him with loving eyes.  "So... you've never made 
love... to a woman?"
	"As opposed to what?" Tenchi said, showing his rarely seen streak 
of humor once again.  "A demon....?"
	He met her gaze, and smiled.  She beamed at him.
	"Where have you been hiding that sense of humor, Tenchi?" she 
asked to cover up how much she was touched by just being there with him.
	Tenchi grinned, "I think I inherited it from my grandfather..." he
trailed off and his expression quickly turned grim.
	"He's not doing so good, is he?" Ryoko asked after an awkward 
pause.  Tenchi shook his head.
	"No.  And seeing him... like he is now is very painful for Lady 
Ayeka," he replied.
	Ryoko rolled away from him and gazed up at the ceiling.  "How do 
you think it makes me feel?"
	Tenchi was taken aback.  "What...?  How?"
	"It's like the man who locked me up for seven-hundred years is 
suddenly back from the dead.  I know he wasn't, but....  And now he's 
just lying there, helpless, as if he's asking me to take my revenge."
	"You wouldn't!" Tenchi exclaimed, his eyes wide.
	"No, of course not.  But it's hard.  I doubt he's going to try to 
lock me up again, but it still makes me nervous.
	"Besides, I couldn't hurt him now..." she blushed imperceptably, 
"if it weren't for him, I'd never have met you.  And he reminds me of 
you too, now."  She suddenly flung herself upon Tenchi.
	Taking it good-naturedly for once, Tenchi laughed.  "Hey, _I_ just
might lock you up if you keep _that_ up!"
	Ryoko subsided and sufficed with leaning her head against his 
chest once again.
	"I haven't... either..." she said into the following silence.
	"What?" Tenchi wondered idly at her apparent non-sequiter.
	"I haven't,"  Ryoko stated.
	"Haven't what, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked, not really thinking much of 
Ryoko's sudden nonsensical silliness.
	Ryoko turned over onto her stomach, her hands resting on Tenchi's 
chest and her chin resting on her hands.  "Done 'it'," she said calmly.
	It took Tenchi a moment to decide how to respond to this.
	"Ray said he figured that you hadn't..." was all he could come up
with.
	"He did?  That dirty bastard!  A woman's virginity should be her 
own secret to keep or tell!" she said, less than completely serious, and
pounded a fist lightly on Tenchi's chest in mock agitation.
	"Oooo, Ryoko, you hit hard!" Tenchi said, the wind nearly knocked 
out of him but not really in much pain.
	"Oh, I'm sorry.  Let me see!" she began pulling up Tenchi's shirt.
	"Hey!  Ryoko, stop that!" he protested, but she began tickling 
him and he burst into whooping laughter.
	"Hahaha, Ryoko stop!  Whoohoohoo!"
	Tenchi had an odd sense of deja vu when Ray suddenly walked into 
the cave.  Ryoko stopped tickling him and they both stared at the man.
	"Wow, so this was your cell?  A lot bigger and flashier than mine 
was...."
	"Uh... Ray, what are you doing here?" Tenchi asked, confounded.
	"Come on now, no need to be embarrassed."  He grinned, "Mom says 
to tell you two kids to get a room."
	"We weren't doing anything," Tenchi insisted, hastily backing away
from Ryoko, who gave him a hurt look and Ray an angry one.
	"I know that," Ray said, still grinning.  "But it's late, and she 
sent me to break things up.  Sorry, sis, no seducing tonight."
	Ryoko's face burned at his teasing words.  "I hate you!" she 
blurted, and disappeared with a pop.
	"Wasn't that a little harsh?" asked Tenchi, who was also blushing.
	Ray shrugged.  "She knows I was joking.  She'll get over it.  
She'll probably come after me with the intention of killing me and we'll
have a talk."
	Tenchi wondered at the man's bizarre words and followed him out of
the cave.
	As they were walking, Ray spoke to Tenchi, his face unreadable.
	"Does this mean you've decided?" he asked Tenchi.
	Tenchi shook his head.  "No.  I'm just trying to follow up on what
I told you before, about getting to know both of them better."  There 
was no need for an explanation as to who "they" were, or what decision 
he might or might not have decided on.
	"Does getting to know Ryoko better include unabashedly flirting 
with her?" Ray asked with his usual ironic grin.
	Tenchi felt himself blush in the darkness.  "You caught us at an 
awkward moment..." he said by way of excuse.
	"Sure," Ray agreed, still grinning.
	His expression became unreadable again.  "I am glad you have not 
disregarded Lady Ayeka as a choice.  I'd hate to see her get hurt."
	"That's just my problem," Tenchi stated.  "No matter what choice I
make it seems that one of them is going to end up hurt, and I can't bear
the thought of it."
	"True," Ray said thoughtfully.  "It's enough to make a grown man 
cry....  But my sister, she's led a well-rounded existence; she knows 
what pain is.  Lady Ayeka, on the other hand... her life has been a bit 
more sheltered.  In the time I've spent here, she has become my dear 
friend, and I fear that that sort of rejection might shatter her....
	"But I really shouldn't talk.  Like I said, only you can make the 
decision....  I can't decide for you."
	Tenchi mulled over Ray's words as they made their way down the 
shrine steps, each involved in his own thoughts.
	"As a friend to each of us, I would ask your opinion on this, 
Ray," Tenchi finally said.  "I know you can't decide for me, you've said
that much, and I agree.  But I'd like your view on the matter.  I 
desperately need some guidance."
	Ray thought about this for a long time.
	"Well... as Ayeka is like the sister I never had, and Ryoko _is_ 
that sister..." Ray began, and Tenchi belated realized how big a favor 
he had asked.  "If I were you, I'd have to go with the Princess."
	Tenchi listened and said nothing as Ray explained.
	"Not because I'm averted to the idea of marrying my own sister, 
seeing as if I were you, she wouldn't be, but because I have a 
certain... feeling.... An inkling, I guess.
	"In getting to know her as my close friend, I've come to realize 
how much the Lady Ayeka cares for you and really does deserve a return 
of those feelings.  My sister may feel just as deeply for you, but there 
is a certain... _rightness_ to the Crown Princess and the Crown Prince 
of Jurai together, happy....  Call it fate."
	"I told you," Tenchi started, "I don't --" but he was cut off.
	"-- don't believe in fate, yes.  Yes, I know.... But I do, 
Tenchi," Ray said, and there was light of conviction in his eyes.  "It's
what has kept me going all these years.  The idea that fate would lead 
me to my mother, and we would be reunited once again.... And here I am."
	Tenchi thanked Ray for his help, and was silent.  He needed to 
consider these words, compare and contrast them with his own thoughts 
and feelings on the matter.  But first, and formost, he needed to sleep.

	Mia rang the doorbell.  It had been almost a month since Tenchi 
had stopped showing up at school, and in that whole time she had spoken 
to him only once in a brief phone conversation in which all she had 
learned was that he was busy and couldn't really chat.
	All this had worried Mia more and more as the days of his absence 
grew into weeks.  Since every time she called one houseguest or another,
or rarely Tenchi's father, answered and informed her that Tenchi was out
sword practicing and couldn't come to the phone, Mia had decided to 
personally investigate the matter.  To ensure that Tenchi was well, of 
course.  Not because she liked him like _that_ or anything.  And not 
because she wanted to see (*sigh*) Ray again.
	Washu answered the door.  Only it wasn't Washu, or couldn't be 
because Washu was gracefully older, and this woman looked much too young
and diminutive.
	"Hiya!" the Little Washu said.  "Nice to see you again, Mia, what 
brings you here?"
	"Miss Washu?" Mia asked, a bit astonished.  Could this small woman
really be the same Washu who had seemed well into her thirties or 
fourties yet possessing a figure to put any younger woman to shame?  "Is
that you?"
	"Of course it's me," Washu replied, sounding almost indignant, 
fists on hips.  "Who else could I be?  With this cute face...?"
	"I'm sorry, you just look so much... younger than I remember," Mia
explained.  She decided not to add her thoughts on Washu's diminished 
cup-size.  However, she was right in claiming her face was cute.
	"Oh," Washu looked down at herself, then winked at Mia, holding up
a finger.  "Well I _am_ the greatest scientific genius in the universe, 
so I can look however I want to!" she proclaimed.
	A fair sized drop of sweat ran down the back of Mia's head.  "Heh 
heh, right....  Um, anyway, is Tenchi here?"
	"Hmm, I don't know where Tenchi is at the moment..." Washu 
admitted, a finger on her chin.
	"Miya?" an inquiring voice came from somewhere around Washu's 
feet.  Mia looked down at the odd creature sitting beside Washu.
	"Uh... is that a cat or a rabbit?" Mia asked, becoming even more 
confused by this cute little animal than by Washu's claim to self-
controlled age.
	"Oh, that's Ryo-ohki," Washu said off-handedly, as if there was 
nothing unusual.  "She's a biological construct of mine."
	Another sweat drop appeared at the back of Mia's head.  "I see..."
she said with the barest semblance of a nervous laugh.
	The tall figure of Ray entered the hallway.
	Mia felt her cheeks redden.  *He's SO cool!*
	Mostly, Mia was charmed and dazzled by the way the young man 
walked, spoke, his hair, his eyes, his voice, even the way he just stood
in the hallway.  Hence her conviction that he was "the cutest guy ever."
	"Oh, hey, Mia.  What's up?" he asked.
	She blushed again and asked, "Um... do you know where Tenchi is?"
	"Yeah... I think he's up by the shrine, practicing his sword 
skills.  But he said he didn't want to be dis--"
	"Okay, thanks!" Mia said as she turned and ran off, pretending not
to here the last part of his statement as she drowned it out with her 
shout of thanks.
	Mia hastened up the long flight of shrine steps to the top, and 
paused there, listening.  There was no one in sight, but she heard the 
sounds of periodic short, sharp yells.
	Heading up a path towards the direction of the noise, Mia thought 
she glimpsed Tenchi through the trees ahead, something blue and glowing 
flashing in his grasp.
	She entered a glade that was obviously a training grounds of some 
sort and saw Tenchi standing before her, a bokken resting lightly on his
right shoulder.
	"Mia..." he said in greeting without any apparent expression in 
his voice or face.  He seemed somehow different.  Obviously he was not 
his usual friendly and smiling if sometimes serious and even dower self.
	"Hey Tenchi!" Mia greeted him cheerfully.  "It was weird, but a 
moment ago I could have sworn you were holding a glowing blue sword!"
	Tenchi smiled slightly at this, proffering his bokken.  "Must have
been a trick of the light."
	Mia noticed that he was idly twirling an object in his other hand.
"What's that?" she asked, pointing to the light-colored object.
	"Oh, nothing important..." Tenchi replied a touch hastily.  
Stowing the mysterious device towards the back of his belt, he changed 
the subject, "So what brings you here?"
	"You," Mia replied frankly, a small line creasing her brow.  "What
have you been doing for the past three weeks?  Are you dropping out or 
something?  You're too smart for that...."
	Tenchi did not meet his friends worried gaze.  "I told you... I've
been busy."
	"Busy doing what?  Sword practicing all day long?  That won't help
you get into college.  Don't think that you can goof off just 'cause you
get good grades most of the time and --"
	"Mia, Mia, please," Tenchi interrupted.  "It's not like that.... 
It's just that... well, Grandpa has been doing really bad lately and... 
it's hard to explain."
	Mia was surprised and concerned even further by this news.  She 
had been worried that there was something up with Tenchi; she hadn't 
even considered the possibility of a family crisis.
	"Is... is he ill?" she asked, a bit apprehensive to learn what was
so serious that it would keep a fairly diligent student like Tenchi from
attending school.
	"No, Mia, he's not dying," Tenchi replied, answering her unspoken 
question.  "But it will be a long time until he gets better, and in the 
mean time I have to... I have to....  It's -- it's hard to explain."
	"You want to be close to him while he's recovering... because you 
are worried about him," Mia explained for him.
	"No," Tenchi said, and then gave his head a shake, "I mean yes!  I
mean..." he turned away from her, "it's not that simple, Mia.  I wish it
were, but it's not."
	Mia felt her heart go out to Tenchi.  Usually, he could very 
easily express his caring for someone, but he seemed to be struggling 
with his serious concern for his grandfather's health.  The situation, 
whatever the details, must have been putting a lot of strain on him.  
And what with all these houseguests, including two beautiful women who 
bickered constantly over which one he loved without even so much as 
consulting him about his own feelings....
	Mia walked up behind Tenchi and put her arms around his waist, 
holding him gently to her in a comforting embrace.  She could feel his 
back muscles tighten at the unexpected contact.
	"It's okay to be worried Tenchi," she told him softly.  "It's okay
to be sad....  You can cry, if you want to.  I wouldn't blame you."
	Tenchi let out a sigh, which sounded oddly exasperated.
	"It's not like that at all, Mia," Tenchi said.  And then, after a 
pause, "Will you please let go of me, Mia?"
	"Why?" she asked innocently.  "I think this feels nice...."
	"Mia, please," Tenchi responded in a "don't be ridiculous" tone, 
starting to sound a little panicked.  "I get enough of this kind of 
attempted 'comfort' from Ryoko.  And what with Ayeka upset by Grandpa's 
condition... every time I try to comfort her Ryoko goes practically 
ballistic... at least it's not a warzone like it used to be...."
	Tenchi was babbling, and Mia knew why.  She liked the idea that 
she could have that kind of effect on a guy.  Teasing Tenchi was fun.
	Leaning forward she interrupted his rambling with a whisper in his
ear.  "You know Tenchi, you don't have to choose either of them if you 
don't want to..." she said suggestively.
	"Uh..." Tenchi was suddenly struck dumb.
	"You could just forget about them and pick me instead...."
	"Mia!" Tenchi burst out, embarrased.  She slipped away from him 
and deftly pulled the strange object from his belt.  He spun around to 
face her, blushing furiously.
	"Haha!  Gotcha!  You take everything too seriously!" she chided 
playfully.  "What is this thing anyway?"
	"Hey, give that back!" Tenchi protested, making a grab for it.  
Mia spun away from him and scooted out of his reach.
	"Ooo, a fancy sword handle!  Where's the blade go though?"  Mia 
said, making wide eyes at the hilt as she clutched it possessively.
	"Give it back, Mia!" Tenchi demanded, his tone serious.
	"Lighten up, Tenchi!" Mia teased.  "It's pretty.  Can I keep it?"
	"No," Tenchi said firmly, "give it --"
	"Catch me if you can!" Mia cried, and turned to run off.
	But she was stopped short when the sword hilt quite abruptly flew 
from her hand, wrenched from her grasp by some unseen force.  She spun 
around, astonishment written on her face, to see Tenchi catch the hilt 
deftly in one hand as it emitted a soft blue glow which subsided as the 
hilt met his palm.
	Tenchi's face was solemn.  "This sword belonged to my grandfather 
and I don't plan on letting it out of my sight, not even for an instant,
until he is well again."
	Mia didn't know what to say.  She had just seen real magic 
performed.  And by Tenchi Masaki, of all people!
	Breaking the shocked silence came a noise that would have drowned 
out all others Mia had ever heard, as an indistinct shape roared across 
the formerly quisient and cloudless sky.  The impossibly fast object 
came in for a landing over the lake, but never touched ground or water.
	"A space ship!" Mia tried to exclaim, managing the seemingly 
unthinkable task of being even more over-awed than when she'd just seen 
a sword hilt fly a moment earlier, but Tenchi's immediate reaction to 
the ships presence interrupted her.
	"Shit!" Tenchi swore, and he grabbed Mia's hand and began racing 
at breakneck speed down the shrine steps.
	In her current state of shock, it was all Mia could do to keep up,
and even that was almost beyond her, as Tenchi leapt with inhuman speed 
down the steps.  First he had summoned an object to his hand, then a 
space ship appears, and now this?  Though her mind desperately scrambled
to make sure she didn't make a fatal misstep on their mad dash to the 
lake, she could still vaguely hear Tenchi muttering under his breath, 
"Not now, not yet.  I'm not ready yet," over and over.
	Tenchi skid to a halt beside the lake and Mia silently thanked him
for catching her as she stumbled past, threatening to topple onto her 
face.
	Placing himself in front of her, Tenchi waited, brow furrowed, his
stance reminding Mia of nothing so much as a powerful warrior prepared 
for battle.  She stood riveted, watching the silent and unmoving ship 
above and couldn't help but note the alien beauty of it.
	A muscle jumped in Tenchi's right arm as a glowing, shimmering 
haze began materialized before them, and his grip on the sword hilt 
tighened, but other than that he remained perfectly still.
	*He acts like he's prepared to use that sword handle as a weapon,*
she thought, wondering how he could hope to defend himself with a 
bladeless sword.  The image Tenchi weilding a sword with a blade of sky-
blue energy, glimpsed briefly through the trees, returned to her mind.
	*But that's crazy!* she told herself.  But, then again, wasn't all
of this more than a little crazy?
	A figure stepped forth from the purple glow and resolved into a 
young man, dressed in an odd kimono and wearing his hair long in a style
Mia had never seen before.
	The man hesitated when he saw Tenchi.  Though his arms were held 
down at his sides, Tenchi was obviously in a defensive stance, tensed, 
like a coiled snake ready to strike.
	"You are my welcoming party...?" the man asked, looking hopeful 
but very skeptical that this was the case.
	"Who are you?" Tenchi asked, almost demanded, brusquely.
	The man blinked at Tenchi's barely civil manner.
	"I am Densuo, son of Denrai of the Tsumei family," he said, as if 
it were a thing that should be obvious.  Then he became slightly 
indignant, "Who are you to question me like this?"
	"I am Tenchi Masaki," was all Tenchi said in return.
	"Tenchi -- ?" the man who called himself Densuo seemed to notice 
the sword hilt in Tenchi's hand for the very first time, and looked very
surprised by it.  "You bear the royal Master Key!  But that means you 
must be..." Densuo trailed off, staring at Tenchi.
	"Why are you here?" Tenchi asked abruptly.
	Once again taken aback, the young man responded, "I am here as a 
suitor, to the Princess."
	Mia could see Tenchi visibly relax, and then he bowed.  "I am 
sorry, Lord Densuo.  The Princess is my guest here and I mistook your 
intentions.  Please accept this simple Earthling's humble apologies."
	Densuo also relaxed.  "I am glad.  But the fault is partially 
mine.  I should have sent word instead of arriving unannounced as I 
have."  At that point, he noticed Mia, and smiled.
	"And this is the Princess, I presume," he said, bowing.  "Rumors 
of your beauty do not do you justice."
	Mia felt her face burn bright red and she was finally goaded into 
speach, "Uh, Princess?  Me?  Oh, no, I'm just... uh, well... I'm Mia."
	The young man turned a shade of scarlet that Mia was sure rivalled 
her own, which was slightly comforting.
	"Oh, um, my deepest apologies, Lady Mia..." he stuttered just as 
awkwardly as she had.  If at all possible, Mia blushed even redder.
	Sensing the discomfort of the two at the identity mistake, Tenchi 
turned to Mia.  "Mia, will you please run and tell Lady Ayeka that 
Densuo of the Tsumei is here to see her?" he requested.
	Mia gave one last embarrassed glance to the odd stranger who had 
miraculously arrived in a space ship, and hastened off to comply.
	*What is going on?* she wondered.  As near as she could tell, the 
entire world had just gone whacko.  Completely off-the-wall crazy. The 
past several minutes had suddenly been riddled with more strange and 
unthinkable occurences than she had seen or even heard of in her life.  
Tenchi performs magic -- twice, really -- and a space ship suddenly 
arrives and a young man appears out of a purple glow.  And why had 
Tenchi sent her to get Ayeka?  Did she know this guy?  Could she be the 
princess he had spoken of?  With the superior and proper way she always 
acted, however easily forgotten when fighting with Ryoko, and all the 
happenings of that afternoon, Mia would not have been very surprised to 
discover that the beautiful young woman was indeed a princess.
	As she reached the door to the house, it suddenly burst open and 
Ayeka and Ray brushed past her.
	"Ayeka! Ray!" she cried, waving her arms.  "Some weird guy just 
landed in a space ship and he's asking for a princess!"
	"We know," Ray said, and Mia noticed that he was dressed in an odd
fashion, not unlike the clothing of the new arrival Densuo.  Ray and 
Ayeka made there way at a dignified pace towards the young man.
	Mia apprehensively followed along behind, attempting to remain 
inconspicuous as she tried to rationalize the situation.  Could she be 
dreaming?  No, her dreams were never this strange or vividly real.
	"Lady Ayeka," Densuo greeted, bowing low.  "I apologize for 
arriving uninvited and unannounced as I have.  Please grant me 
forgiveness, for intruding upon you humble retreat."
	"You are forgiven," Ayeka replied, sounding even more haughty than
usual, Mia thought.
	"State your business with the Princess, please," Ray said, in the 
same brusque but civil tone he had used with Mia, stepping forward.
	Densuo was surprised by the tall man's manner.
	"I have come at the request of my father to make my suit to the 
Princess, as first son and heir-apparent to the Tsumei Lordship."
	Ray nodded and said nothing.
	"I am sorry, Lord Densuo, but I am not receiving suits at this 
time," Ayeka spoke, and Mia could have sworn the man actually looked 
relieved, "but please accept the hospitality I and my host can offer you 
in your stay here."
	"Thank you, My Lady," Densuo breathed, and Mia was now sure that 
this was an answer he appreciated over the alternatives.
	"You act relieved," someone said, and all heads turned to see 
Ryoko floating nearby.  Floating?  Mia did a double-take.  Yes, she was 
definitely hovering several inches off the ground.
	"I don't blame you," Ryoko continued, winking at the dumbfounded 
young suitor.  "For not wanting to marry her I mean."
	"Miss Ryoko!" Ayeka expostulated.
	This was getting way too weird for Mia.  She had thought it was 
odd but a bit amusing when she had met all of Tenchi's unusual guests, 
but this was far beyond that; she wasn't sure what to think, or even if 
she could.  The synapses in her brain seemed to have been temporarily 
overloaded with too many bizarre and unbelieveable happenings.
	Densuo looked uncomfortable, glancing back and forth between the 
different members of the greeting party.  He seemed almost as much at a 
loss as Mia.
	"No, My Lady, that's not what I... who is...?" he stuttered.  "I 
didn't mean to...."
	Finally the young stranger seemed to gather his wits about him.  
He bowed very deeply to Ayeka, who was apparently a princess.  "Lady 
Ayeka, I ask you to please forgive me for any disrespect I may have 
inadvertently displayed and hope you can believe that my apparent... 
unwillingness to press my suit stems from myself and has nothing to do 
with you, Your Highness....  You are certainly very beautiful and 
notoriously kind... but to tell you the truth, my father wishes to 
strengthen his position with the Emperor, your father, and my father and
His Majesty decided I would be a fit suitor...."
	Ayeka sniffed.  "I understand your position," she responded, and 
then narrowed her eyes.  "My heart is pledged, but I fear my father does
not approve of the one I have chosen."
	Densuo glanced at Tenchi and then Ray but did not ask any 
questions, as Ryoko disappeared and rematerialized next to Tenchi, 
putting her arm around his shoulder.  Mia wasn't sure which she was more
surprised by, the action of Ryoko's teleportation, or the fact that she 
managed not to fall over backwards from the sheer shock of witnessing 
it.
	Tenchi whispered something to Ryoko about not provoking Ayeka, and
she reluctantly let go of him, but did not back away, remaining 
possessively close to him even as they entered the house where Sasami 
was whipping up a late lunch for them all.
	Mia always marveled at the way the young girl worked away 
constantly in the kitchen without complaint, preparing every single meal
for the large household.  She seemed to enjoy it very much, and her 
cooking was certainly excellent, Mia could not deny.
	They all sat down to eat, and Tenchi touched Mia's arm briefly and 
spoke softly, "You can go if you want... I realize this is probably a 
bit of a shock to you...."
	She glanced around the room.  She was surprised to note that the 
odd creature Ryo-ohki now appeared to be roughly the size and shape of a
small child.  While undeniably strange, if not just a little bit 
unsettling, Mia felt like she didn't want to miss anything.  "I think 
I'll stay for now," she whispered in reply.
	Tenchi nodded and gave her an "I'll explain later" look.
	Mia found herself sitting next to the young man Densuo.  She would
have prefered sitting next to Ray, because he was her personal image of 
the ultimate gorgeous guy, but settled for her current position with him
on the opposite side of Densuo.
	Not that she expected him to pay attention to her like _that_.  He
was probably in his twenties, and she was only seventeen.  But then 
again, Ayeka and Ryoko were always being agressive with Tenchi, so why 
couldn't she, Mia, do the same?  Of course, on the other hand, 
agressiveness never really worked to their advantage, but that was a 
different situation all together.  They were just too agressive; that 
had to be it.  She would think it over.
	"Are you the one Her Highness the Princess spoke of?" Densuo asked
quietly of Ray while the triangle members were distracted as Tenchi was 
engaged in disengaging Ryoko's hand from where it had latched on to him 
somewhere below the table.  "The one to whom she is pledged?"
	"Don't assume that because of my Juraian dress," Ray replied with 
a wry expression.  "I'm a fallen knight, an outcast, and a criminal.  If
the Princess had pledged her heart to me, her father wouldn't just 
disapprove, he'd dissown her."
	Ray gestured to a distracted Tenchi across the table.  "She is 
meant for a prince, not a renegade."
	Densuo tensed at the discovery of Ray's seemingly seedy nature.  
He looked at Tenchi, "A Prince...?  Is that why he bore the Tenchi-ken?"
	Ray nodded, chewing on his food.
	Densuo's own food was forgotten.  "But... the other woman seems 
very possessive of him," Densuo said curiously.
	Ray shrugged.  "Love stinks," he answered, leaning forward to grab
a bowl of noodles.
	At that moment, Mia, who had not been paying attention to either 
the conversation next to her or the altercation across the table, also 
reached for the same bowl of noodles.  Her plan was simple and 
unagressive: they would both reach for the bowl, their hands would 
touch, and Mia would draw back her hand and blush.  It was sure to work,
because she knew that she wouldn't have to fake the blush.
	However, her scheme was cut short when her elbo bumped Densuo's 
drink, spilling it over his plate and splashing some onto his clothes.
	"Clumsy girl!" the young man bellowed, jumping up from his seat.
	Being the person that she was, and seeing her carefully laid plan 
fail only to be replaced by harsh words, Mia burst into tears and ran 
out of the room.
	She entered the living room and collapsed onto the couch, where 
she sat crying for several minutes before a light touch on her shoulder 
caused her to jump.
	She looked up into the concerned and pained dark green eyes of 
Densuo.  "Lady Mia, are you alright...?"
	Mia just sniffed and breathed sobbingly.
	The young man knelt in front of where she sat on the sofa, taking 
her hand.  "Lady Mia, please find it in your heart to forgive my harsh 
words.  I admit I was on edge just then, but very wrong to speak to you 
in that tone....  Can you forgive me?"
	Mia couldn't help but giggle through her tears.
	"That's silly, of course I forgive you.  Where are you from?"
	"I come from the planet Jurai," He replied, rising.
	"Do all people on Jurai act like you?" she asked.  "Bowing and 
kneeling and begging forgiveness and being so formal all the time?"
	"Well, it's only the proper way to act to a lady..." Densuo said, 
scratching the back of his head and looking slightly embarrassed.
	"Well don't!  I'm not a lady, I'm just a regular girl!" Mia told 
him.  He sighed and sat down on the sofa beside her.
	"I'm sorry, I don't know the customary way to apologize to an 
Earth-girl," Densuo apologized.
	This made Mia giggle again as she wiped her forgotten tears away. 
"You just did it!"
	"Did... what?" he asked, puzzled.
	"Just apologized to a regular girl... Earth style," Mia said, 
turning to face him, her turquoise blue eyes bright once again as she 
leaned her elbo on the back of the couch, her hand resting against the 
side of her face.
	"Really?" Densuo asked in disbelief, "Is that really all?"
	Mia smiled.  "It's that simple.  All you have to say is 'I'm 
sorry' and you're through.
	"Of course..." she added, leaning forward slightly, "a kiss and a 
hug don't hurt either!  Girls like that!"
	"Um..." Densuo blushed and Mia dissolved into fits of giggling.
	Realizing her joke intended to lighten the mood and break the ice,
Densuo was soon laughing along with her.
	"I'm sorry I yelled at you," he said when they had stopped 
laughing, apologizing for the third time.  "It's just that even though 
my father is an influential lord, our household is small and I'm not 
used to being around so many people, especially women."  He smiled, "Of 
course not many people can say they are used to eating lunch with a 
prince, an outcast, and several very beautiful women."
	"You forgot me, the regular Earth-girl," Mia added.
	"Oh, no," Densuo corrected her, "I didn't forget you."
	Mia blushed when she realized the implication of his statement.  
"You're being too polite again!" she protested.  "Ayeka and Ryoko are 
very beautiful, but I'm just an ordinary girl."
	"I'm not just being polite," Densuo assured her.  "I said you were
beautiful right after I arrived, remember?"
	"You only said that 'cause you thought I was a princess..." Mia 
protested further and blushed further.
	"No I didn't," he said in the same guileless tone.
	Mia turned her face away from him, pleased but embarrassed by his 
words spoken in complete honesty.  "You're too polite...."
	"Well... you're too sensitive," Densuo said in retaliation.
	Mia turned back towards him, a look of surprise on her face.  
"What?"
	"Really," he said in a slightly scolding tone but with a smile on 
his lips.  "Imagine crying over such a little upset?"
	Mia's lip quivered.  "It's rude to point out people's weaknesses."
	Densuo just laughed.  "First I'm too polite, and now I'm being 
rude?  Just what are you asking for here?"
	"Well..." Mia suggested, as she tried not to smile herself, "maybe
you could find a good, comfortable middle ground."
	"I'll try that," Densuo accepted, still smiling.  And then, after 
a pause as he looked out a window, "But, like I said, I'm not exactly 
familiar with all your relaxed customs here."
	Mia thought for a moment, an idea taking form in her mind.  "How 
about I teach you earth customs, and you can teach me some Juraian 
customs?"
	Densuo smiled again, "It's a deal."  He found himself warming to 
this Earth girl's perpetually informal manner.  It was something 
entirely new and alien to him, coming from a household devoid of women 
and run by a father who had become more and more distant and formal 
since his wife's passing.
	The young man found that he was drawn to this Earth's relaxed and 
friendly customs of social interaction, far from the exacting standards 
his father imposed, which were aloof and strict even for a Juraian noble
family.  He decided that he would like his short stay here.

	Later that evening, Densuo stood in the doorway of the living room
that led to the hallway, watching Mia and the others as they watched 
"TV" and Mia made a "phone call" to her mother, asking if she could stay
the night there.
	"This is so exciting," she had told everyone.  "Aliens and space 
ships!  Can I please spend the night here?  I just don't want to miss 
anything!"
	Densuo had been taken somewhat aback by the fact that Mia had in 
effect invited herself to stay.  But after all, this was Earth, and 
these were her relaxed customs he was trying to learn.  Not that he 
would need them when he returned home, or ever again, for that matter, 
but it was all quite intriguing to him.
	The young Juraian noble stood listening to the apparently one 
sided conversation Mia seemed to be having with a curved piece of 
plastic with multiple buttons.  It was amusing for him to hear.
	"Hi, Mom...?  Yeah, I'm still at Tenchi's, and... uh-huh, well I 
was just wondering if it would be okay for me to spend the night here?  
It's okay with Tenchi's Dad and..."
	Mia turned red at something she divined from the plastic "phone" 
instrument.
	"Mom!  It's not like that...!!  Mom, that's not it... we're just 
good friends!  Tenchi's not that sort of guy at all!"
	"Hey, who's bad mouthing my Tenchi!" Ryoko snapped, spinning from 
the television to confront Mia.
	Mia looked very embarrassed, and Densuo felt sorry for her,  "It's
just my Mom being paranoid again.  She thinks that if I spend the night 
here me and Tenchi will... you know, DO something!"
	"What!" Ryoko burst out.  "Gimme that phone!  Tenchi would never 
do that with anyone but ME!"
	Mia tried to dodge Ryoko's seeking hands as Lady Ayeka yelled, 
"Miss Ryoko!  How dare you imply something so vile and disgusting about 
Lord Tenchi!  Why he'd never... with a... a _demon_ like you!"
	"Say that again, princess!" Ryoko growled, forgetting the phone 
and rounding on Lady Ayeka, "I dare you to!"
	With an expression of anger that surprised Densuo, the princess 
stood up and faced the demoness, her eyes glaring certain death as 
energy snapped between them.
	"Now, now!" Sasami put in reprovingly, raising her arms.  "No 
fighting!  Remember what Tenchi said?"
	"No fighting, please!" Mihoshi added, looking concerned.
	Reluctantly, the two stood down.  Ray, who had just recently come 
to stand in the doorway leading to the kitchen, deftly removed the 
phone from Mia's blushing ear and placed it over his own.
	"Mrs. Fushiro?  How do you do, this is Ray Kumanai speaking.  What
seems to be the problem...?  Well, I am _a_ man of the house, ma'am... 
mmm-hmm, yes, I see your concern, but not to worry, she can sleep in 
the, er, in Ayeka and Sasami's room; they'll keep an eye on her....  
Well, yes there are other women in the house... no, not Tenchi's mother,
she is no longer with us.... That's okay... yes, my mother and sister, 
and the other two I mentioned, sisters.  Oh, yes, and Mihoshi..." he 
glanced up at the GP officer, engrossed in the television, and smiled 
slightly.  "Actually, I don't really know... no, she's just a friend of 
the family I guess... yes....  Would you like to speak to one of them?  
All right...."
	Ray motioned to Lady Ayeka and he whispered something about 
"diplomacy," handing her the phone.
	"Yes?  This is Ayeka Jurai," she said in a very courtly manner.  
Densuo smiled slightly, understanding the reference to diplomacy. "It is
a pleasure to speak with you Mrs. Fushiro.  You have a lovely 
daughter....  Oh, well I'm sure she inherits all her charm from you..." 
she winked at Ray craftily.  "Yes, of course we will take good care of 
her....  There are quite a few men in the house also, but we make sure 
they remain civil... it a lady's duty to keep ruffian men in order, 
madam....  Yes, certainly.... Alright, here he is... goodbye now."  She 
handed the phone back to Ray.
	"Everything cleared up now, Mrs. Fishiro...?  Good... that's great
to hear.  Okay, thank you ma'am... goodbye."
	"It's set," Ray told Mia.
	The girl looked up at him with shining admiration in her eyes.  
"Sugoi!" she shouted, throwing herself on him and hugging him.  "You're 
so cool!"
	"Whoah," he said, grinning.  "You're gonna suffocate me if you 
keep that up... and give me a heart attack to boot!"
	"Oh!" Mia gasped, remembering herself.  She backed away from him 
and bowed formally in Juraian fashion.  "Please except my thanks for 
your generous help and except my apologies for acting so brashly and 
with such inappropriate form."
	Ray's grin broadened.  "Hey, that's cute!" he said, patting her on
the head and then turning and leaving through the kitchen.
	Looking forlorn, Mia walked over and slumped down on the couch 
with a dejected sigh.
	Densuo echoed her sigh quietly from where he stood in the doorway.
	Lord Tenchi came down the hall from the front door, a wooden sword
resting on his shoulder.  He looked tired out.
	"Hey, Densuo," he said.  "What's up?"
	Densuo almost looked at the ceiling, but caught himself.
	"Oh, um, not much, Lord Tenchi," he replied.  Why did he suddenly 
feel guilty about something?  He'd just been standing there watching, a 
passive observer of the events taking place in the living room.  He was 
slightly embarrassed too, and it wasn't just for nearly misinterpretting
Tenchi's question.  He felt like he'd been caught doing something he 
shouldn't.  But that was ridiculous.  What was wrong with watching Mia 
and the others watching "television" and using the "phone"?  These 
primitive alien technologies and customs intrigued him, that was all.
	"Well..." Lord Tenchi said when Densuo did not respond any 
further, "why don't you join everybody and watch some TV...?  See you 
around, Densuo, I have to go take a shower."  And the prince continued 
on his way.
	Densuo turned back to the group watching TV.  Why didn't he join 
them?  Being unnaware of what voyeurism and peeping were made his guilt 
seem even less logical to himself.  What exactly was it he was so 
embarrassed about?
	Giving up, Densuo went to sit down on the sofa next to Mia, hoping
to forget the odd feeling.  However, the sensation only seemed to grow 
stronger after a time and eventually he felt compelled to leave the room
and return to his ship to be alone.  Yet that strange guilt remained....

	"I've made up my mind, Ryoko."
	"But Tenchi...!" Ryoko pleaded with him.
	"No 'buts,' Ryoko.  I've decided, and that's final," Tenchi said 
firmly as he walked out to where several of the other members of the 
household stood in discussion, a whiney Ryoko floating in his wake.  
"I'm tired of sitting around here waiting for something to happen.  I've
got to take some action."
	He approached the group and Ray spoke.  "So you're going to Jurai 
to see the Emperor?"
	Tenchi nodded in a solemn fashion.  "He has to be the next target.
Kumiro talked about needing to open his way to the throne, but there's 
no way he can get it with Lord Azusa still in power."
	"I'd offer to come with you, but having an exiled criminal along 
with you wouldn't help your case too much," Ray said, his face far more 
serious than usual.
	Tenchi nodded again.  "It's just me and Ayeka.  We have the best 
chances that way.  Lord Azusa may not like me very much, but hopefully 
he'll listen to his own daughter."
	"But Tenchi, what about ME!" Ryoko whined.
	"Bringing a former space-pirate who attacked Jurai once would 
probably hurt our case as much as having Ray along," Tenchi reminded 
her.
	"But how are you going to get there without me and Ryo-ohki?" she 
pleaded further.  "You don't have a ship!"
	"You could return to Jurai with me, Lord Tenchi," Densuo offered.
	"I don't want to get you mixed up in all this, Densuo," Tenchi 
said.  "You should lie low here for awhile until things clear up a bit."
	Densuo bowed, "I thank you for your kind offer, Lord Tenchi."
	"Well then it looks like I'll _have_ to go with you," Ryoko said 
happily as if conceding to the inevitable.
	"No, you can take my ship," Ray broke in.
	All eyes turned to him.
	"You have a ship?" Tenchi asked.
	"Of course," Ray smirked.  "How the hell else do you think I got 
to this forsaken backwater planet?"
	Oh.  Tenchi realized he should have expected as much.
	"Well, where is this ship of yours then?" Ryoko challenged him.  
"I don't see it anywhere around here... do you?"
	Ray pulled up the sleeve of his jacket, which Tenchi noted made 
him look kind of suave, to reveal a wrist-comm like the ones Galaxy 
Police used.
	Mihoshi raised her own wrist to look at it, and then looked at the
one on Ray's wrist, confused.
	"Hey... isn't that...?" she was interrupted as Ray did something 
incomprehensible to the watch-like thing and a sonic boom sounded 
overhead.
	There were various noises of surprise as a small red ship dropped 
from the atmosphere above and came to rest nearby, hovering over the 
lake.
	"An Alpha-Class GP Corvette!" Ryoko exclaimed, and it did look a 
lot like Mihoshi's ship, only red.  Hands on hips she turned to Ray with
a smile, "A top-performance Galaxy Police patrolship.... Well, Ray, I'm 
impressed.  Where'd you get your hands on that?"
	Ray's smile turned into an evil grin, "I borrowed it... after I 
got paroled."
	Ryoko cackled appreciatively, and Mihoshi suddenly jumped forward.
"Hey!  That's the Yagami!"
	"Yeah, it is... how'd you know?" Ray narrowed his eyes at her 
menacingly and leaned forward slightly.  "You don't happen to know the 
previous owner, do you...?"
	"Um... by -- by reputation only..." Mihoshi stuttered, shrinking 
away from the man's intimidating gaze.
	"Good," he said, straightening up.  "Then you won't need to report
it to anyone because I AM an... acquantance... of the owner, and it was 
a gift."  He grinned again, "Let me tell you, little lady, rumors never 
compare with the real thing.  She's more than her rep' in person."
	Mihoshi nodded dumbly and swallowed.
	Tenchi sighed.  It always irked him when Ray purposely intimidated
Mihoshi like that.  She may have been a little on the ditzy side, but 
that didn't give him the right to go around frightening her all the 
time.
	Tenchi readjusted the strap of the bag hanging from his shoulder.  
"Well, I'd better get prepared," he said, stepping onto the lowered 
boarding ramp.
	"Tenchi, at least let me come _with_ you!  I'll fly behind in 
Ryo-ohki.  You won't even know I'm there!" Ryoko begged as she followed 
him into the main room of the ship.  Tenchi glanced around and noticed 
that much of it was decorated in a decidedly Juraian-esque fashion.
	"That may be true, but that doesn't mean that the Juraian 
authorities won't notice you.  For all we know, they'll think we're 
coming to attack!" he started doing a preliminary unpacking and mental 
inventory of the contents of his bag.  "No Ryoko, I think you need to 
stay here and make sure nothing goes wrong while we're away."
	"But Tenchiii-ii!" she whined.
	"No!" Tenchi shouted, turning on her as his toleration for her 
nagging finally broke.  "No and no, and that's final!  I've made my 
decision!"
	As soon as he had said it, Tenchi regretted it.  He felt a pang of
sudden guilt at his words about having made a decision.
	Tears welled up in Ryoko's eyes and heart as a look of great 
emotional injury came over her.
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi tried to say, and reached for her, but she had 
disappeared.
	After a moment, Tenchi sighed heavily and sat down on a nearby 
sofa.  He reached behind him to remove the Tenchi-ken, which was was 
poking him in the back.
	Gazing at it for a moment, he recalled the first day, more than 
a year ago, when he had entered the cave, discovering this sword and 
releasing Ryoko.  That had been the day it had all started.
	"I guess I'd better go get Ayeka," he said, though there was no 
one around to listen except himself.  With this intent, he got up and 
left the room of the ship.  The lights switched off automatically, and 
the ship was silent and dark again, but still there was a lingering 
feeling of hurt in the slowly circulating air.

	Yosho slept deeply, and in his sleep he dreamed.  He dreamed he 
saw his grandson, Tenchi, standing at the fork of two paths in the 
forest near the Masaki shrine, hesitating.  Even in his dream-state, 
Yosho knew what this was.  He had seen it before, though not in such  
metaphoric terms, but rather in life.
	One path was high, straight, and uniform.  It was hard packed and 
the end of it could easily be seen off in the distance, for no trees 
grew nearby it.  Yet it was gray and dull, and no grass or flowers grew 
nearby it, though it was pleasant enough, and would surely be easy on 
the feet.  Secure, and comfortable in the afternoon light, but lacking 
in any forks or offshoots, turns or twists.
	The second path was less ordered.  It had branches that could be 
seen ahead, and others yet hidden by the trees and bushes it weaved in 
and out of.  At some places it grew rocky, others bogged down with mud,
but bright, jovial flowers sprouted at every turn, and reached upwards, 
as if they might kiss the knees of any traveller walking there.  It was 
definitely the less used of the two paths, and showed its disuse and 
uncertainty of footing.  Much more difficult to walk than the first, but
perhaps, in the end, more rewarding.  Yosho could not say, as he knew 
Tenchi could not, because the path was obscured by trees and flowers in 
so many places.  Which path to choose, Tenchi?  Which path?
	The boy -- no, the young man... he had matured much recently -- 
was indecisive, in a state of limbo, one foot set upon the rough path, 
and the end of his tall walking stick upon the easy path.
	Yosho slept on.  If any one had been around to hear him, they 
would have been astonished to here him softly reciting lines in English 
from Robert Frost's poem _The Road Not Taken_.
	"Two roads diverged in a yellow wood... and sorry I could not 
travel both... and be one traveller...... I took the one less 
travelled... and that has made all the difference."
	Yosho smiled slightly in his sleep.  He had taken the road less 
travelled, forging his own life on the small and seemingly insignificant
planet he now resided on.  And for him, it had made all the difference. 
Because of this, he had always liked the poem.
	*Two paths, Tenchi,* he thought in his dream, but his grandson did
not hear him and remained imobilized, on the brink of a decision that 
would effect the rest of his life.  *Two paths to choose from... will 
you also take the road less travelled?  Is that your destiny...?*

To be continued... don't miss Chapter 4!
Author's Notes:  Yay!  I finished another chapter.  Is that a good 
thing?  I don't know.  Sorry again about the chapter being mostly 
dialogue and stuff.  If anyone has any suggestions, for names or for 
anything really, suggestions are always welcome.  In fact any sort of 
responses are welcome, even if they contain death-threats.  Also, please
take a look at my website and give me some feedback on that as well.  
Also, Robert Frost wrote _The Road Not Taken_, as I said, so nobody sue 
me, okay?  Just showing my appreciation for a great American poet.  As
a general reminder, while I don't own any of the characters from any of 
the Tenchi series, I did create the characters of Riuroshi "Ray" 
Kumanai, Kumiro Kumanai, Mia Fushiro, Densuo Tsumei, and this story, 
which is Copyright (c) 2000 by Master Kodama, so please don't 
plagiarize!
Comments and Concerns to: master_kodama@yahoo.com
or visit my website: http://master_kodama.tripod.com/
