Disclaimer: This is a speculatory and purely hypothetical interpretation 
as to what might happen in the time after the conclusion of the second 
_Tenchi Muyo!_ OVA, and has no direct relationship to Pioneer or AIC, 
who own all rights to the _TM!_ characters that appear in this story.  
I do not own the _Tenchi Muyo!_ characters, nor am I looking to make any
money off this fic, nor am I looking to get sued, seeing as I have no 
money.  However, I ask that no one use or post this fic or any portion 
of it without my permission.

Pre-Note: That's right folks, you read the title and synopsis right.  
Will Tenchi finally make his choice?  Life never works out that simply, 
but who can say...?  Once again, nothing is over until the fat cabbit 
sings.

Tenchi Muyo!: Trials and Fears
by "Master Kodama" (master_kodama@yahoo.com)
Chapter 4: "Tenchi's Decision"

	Tenchi sat in the "living room" equivalent of the ship doing some 
of his assigned reading for school.  Mia had been "thoughtful" enough to
bring all of the past month's school work to him when she had come over 
uninvited, and it gave him a headache just thinking about the amount of 
work he had piled up.  So when he wasn't practicing his sword 
techniques, he was reading and studying.  Training both the body and 
mind together and all that bull.
	He put his book down for a moment, tired of reading and tired of 
most everything else there was to do.  The real problem was that he 
wasn't tired at all; he was full of pent up energy that needed to be 
released.  Being the fast, top Galactic Police technology that it was, 
Ray's ship would get them there in only a week's time, which he was told
was nearly a third of the regular travel time.  But for some reason that
seemed too long.  Perhaps it was the anxiety of traveling alone for so 
long with Ayeka, and of course the anticipation of their destination and
their mission, but every now and then Tenchi found himself doubting 
whether he'd make it to the end of that week.
	The past few days had been taxing on even his normally good 
patience.  He had hoped to spend the time getting to know Ayeka, but the
princess was acting so distant, as if unwilling to interact with him on 
a personal level.  Well, Tenchi knew what that was about, or at least 
thought he did, and he felt his idea of it was a pretty good one.
	Bored as he was, Tenchi began once again to wander around the 
ship, exploring its interior.  It was about the size of nice house, plus
a cockpit and engine and all the other paraphernalia of space ships 
which were totally unknown and made little sense to Tenchi.
	Tenchi ambled past the master bedroom, Ayeka's room, and noticed 
that the door was open.  Cautiously, he peeked inside to discover that 
she was not there.  A large ornate wardrobe against the right wall, 
seemingly uncharacteristic of Ray's nature, as was much of this ship, 
caught his eye.  Idly, he walked over to it and inspected the designs 
that patterned its surface.  Juraian, he guessed.
	*It's odd...* he thought to himself.  *Half of this ship's decor 
seems to be Juraian and the other half is... something else.*
	Carefully, as if handling something far more delicate than the 
sturdy wooden wardrobe, Tenchi slid aside its door and peered in at the 
myriad of Juraian men's robes, hair ornaments, and sandals, et cetera.  
He riffled slowly through the rows of hanging robes, in awe at the 
amount and good condition of so much Juraian clothing, fit for a noble. 
Ray had never struck him as the sentimental type, and he'd certainly 
never have any practical use for these things, since he was in effect 
banished from Jurai.
	A small sound caused him to turn, and see something he had failed 
to take notice of on his entry.  Ayeka was standing in the corner of the
room by a full length mirror that hung next to a second wardrobe full of
women's clothing that must have belonged to the original owner of the 
ship before Ray had "acquired" it.
	Both parties turned bright red in the cheeks.
	"Miss Ayeka, I'm sorry, the door..." Tenchi trailed off when he 
noticed that she was dressed in pale purple dress that contrasted with 
her slightly darker hair and looked nothing like any Juraian fashion he 
had ever seen.  "Lady Ayeka...."
	Ayeka glanced hastily around the room, as if looking for someplace
to hide, "Oh dear, this so embarrassing!  I must look --!"
	"... You look beautiful," Tenchi interrupted, finishing his 
earlier sentence as he stared at her in awe.
	Ayeka looked back into his eyes and saw the truth mirrored there; 
he was not mocking her.  She dropped her gaze and blushed furiously.
	"Well, the dress is too long, and the waist and the... and the 
bust are too tight, and..." she said quietly and trailed off into a 
pleased and embarrassed silence.
	Tenchi knew she was just making excuses.  Now that she wasn't 
fighting Ryoko for him, and she had him all to herself, at least for the
time being, Ayeka was at somewhat of a loss.  She was held back from 
freely and openly showing her feelings to him by a lingering fear, the 
simplest and most common of fears in this sort of situation: a fear of 
rejection, of being hurt.
	But Tenchi could not hurt her, not after Ray had opened his eyes 
and helped him realize just how innocent and vulnerable she really was. 
Walking over to her, Tenchi put a hand up and brushed the side of her 
face as it burned red beneath his fingers.
	Ayeka looked up and stepped back from him.  "Lord Tenchi, what are
you..." she asked, and there it was.  He could see the hint of that fear
in her face and hear it in her voice.
	"Ayeka, can I talk to you?" Tenchi asked her, his brow creased 
slightly, his tone serious.
	"Of course... what... what about?" there was still that note of 
hesitation, of anxiety and apprehension in her voice.
	"Let's sit," he said, gesturing to the bed.
	Ayeka blushed the tiniest bit at his suggestion for a place of 
discussion, but he hardly even noticed, and they both sat down on the 
edge of the bed.
	"Ayeka," he began, placing his hand over hers.  She blushed once 
again and slowly pulled her hand away.  He could feel her fingers 
shaking as they brushed past his.
	*Why is she so nervous?* Tenchi aggravated.  When battling with 
Ryoko, she would stand firm on her claims that they were meant for each 
other since birth, since before birth even, yet she could hardly speak a
word about it, about them, to him personally.
	He shrugged it off and delved onward.  "Ayeka, I know that you 
claim to feel very deeply for me, and I care for you too..." he braced 
himself for his finish, "but do you realize that you've never actually 
_said_ anything too me about it, directly?  If you never tell me how you
feel... how can you expect me to return your feelings?"
	Ayeka's eyes went wide.  "Re-return my...?"
	"Look, Ayeka," Tenchi said, taking both her hands in his own.  She
tried demurely to pull away from him, but he held fast.  "Ayeka, listen 
to me, please...!  Please...."
	Ayeka's eyes shimmered with emotion, and she was unable to tear 
her gaze away from Tenchi's serious and always kind eyes.
	"You don't need to be afraid, Ayeka," he said softly, his voice 
soothing.
	"A... afraid?" she asked, as if she didn't know what he meant.  
But she was afraid.  Her whole body was trembling.  Whenever they were 
totally alone together, Tenchi made her stomach feel like a nest of 
nervous butterflies.  And they were certainly alone now, with no one 
and nothing around for light-years in any direction.  *Why... why am I 
afraid, Lord Tenchi...?*
	"You don't need to be afraid of me," Tenchi said.  His eyes were 
so very kind and sincere.  "I would never do anything with the intention
of hurting you."
	Ayeka felt a tear run down her cheek.
	"Never," he finished with conviction, though his voice remained 
soothing, and Ayeka collapsed against his chest, sobbing uncontrollably.
	He stroked her dark violet hair softly and let her cry.  "I'm 
sorry, Lord Tenchi," she said when she raised her head.  "I... I just 
don't know what to say."
	"Say what you feel," he told her.
	Aggravatingly, both because it annoyed him and he found it 
simultaneously undeniably attractive, Ayeka blushed again.
	"As a princess it is improper to simply say whatever one feels 
like saying..." she explained, not meeting his gaze.
	Tenchi sighed and leaned over backwards onto the bed.  The similar
moment he had spent with Ryoko had seemed so much easier and relaxed.  
Of course, he hadn't been trying to make her confess her feelings for 
him.  Perhaps that said something, but he couldn't decide what....
	"Lord Tenchi...?" Ayeka said hesitantly, wondering why he had 
apparently collapsed.  She leaned over him slightly as he gazed up at 
the ceiling and did not look at her.
	"That's the lousiest excuse yet," he muttered.
	Ayeka seemed to recoil from his words.  "Tenchi...."
	"I'm sorry, Ayeka," Tenchi said after a moment of silence, and his
voice was very sincere.  "I should never try to force you to confess 
anything to me," still lying down, he turned his head and smiled at her.
"Love should be taken on faith.  It can't be defined in mere words."
	Ayeka felt her spirits soar high above the cruising space ship at 
the sound of the word "love" from his lips, even if it was spoken in the
abstract.
	He sat up.  "But... can you do me a favor, Princess Ayeka?"
	The sensation of fear, however ridiculous it might seem, could not
be fully banished, and it now began to creep back.  "What sort of favor,
Lord Tenchi?" she asked, trying to shake off the feeling.
	"Could you... would be willing to try, just for one day... could 
you stop being 'Princess Ayeka' and just be Ayeka?"
	"I... I'm not sure I know what you mean...."
	"Please, just for a day," he asked, and he was almost pleading 
with her.  "I hoped that I might get to know you better on this trip, to
get to know the _real_ Ayeka....
	"I forget that I'm a prince every single day... can't you try and 
do the same...?  Be... natural, be spontaneous... be... be yourself...."
	He smiled at her warmly, and she smiled back, knowing there were 
tears of joy in her eyes.
	"Be Ayeka."
	"Just for one day..." she agreed.
	Her hand found his, and they clasped together as both of them 
smiled.
	"I won't be afraid... just for today," she said.
	"And I promise not to hurt you, for today," he replied.  Gazing 
into her ruby eyes he added mentally, *And forever....*
	Ayeka's fear was finally dissolved into nothingness by Tenchi's 
kind and caring smile.
	"Promise?" she asked, beaming up at him.
	"Promise."
	"Just for today?"
	"Just for today...."

	It was a lazy Friday afternoon.  Lying on her stomach on the 
Masaki living room floor with a book open and her legs bent at the knees
so that they hung suspended over her, Mia skimmed idly through one of 
her textbooks.  Every once and a while, she'd let one of her feet drop 
to the ground with a low, dull thud on the carpet, and then lift it up 
again, only to let the other fall a few minutes later.
	Mia glanced momentarily up at Densuo sitting on the couch, his 
brow furrowed in concentration as he read deeply into a book on social 
customs of the world.  Several popular American and Japanese magazines, 
mostly ones aimed at young people, lay on nearby cushion.
	She had been surprised by the interest and alacrity Densuo showed 
in studying Earth customs.  He had become very determined to learn to 
act like any ordinary Earth man, and was a constant enthusiastic 
presence whenever she visited the Masaki residence.  She told her mom it
was too study with Tenchi, but that had become a lie because Tenchi had 
gone to outer-space (not that her mom would believe that either), and 
she told Densuo she came to learn Juraian customs from him, and that was
a part of it, but the real reason....
	Breaking off reading, Mia gazed off the window, sighing dreamily.
	"Thinking of Ray?" a voice interrupted her momentary space-out.
	"Huh?" Mia looked up at Densuo.  He was smiling slightly, 
knowingly.
	"Um, why would I be thinking about Ray?" Mia asked, attempting to 
play dumb.
	"Because you... what's the colloquial term?... you have 'crush' a 
on him?" Densuo said, still smiling.  "Am I right?"
	Mia sighed again, looking out the window again.  "Yeah....  Hey, 
you're getting good at this informal stuff.  You never would have jumped
to that conclusion with all your Juraian formalities."
	"I might have still," he said, laying his book aside.  "But I 
never would have said anything about it.  Oh, I might have politely 
asked you what you were thinking about... but don't change the subject."
	"What subject?" she asked, turning to him with big, innocent eyes.
	Densuo just chuckled.  "Ray, silly girl!" with mock-severity.
	"Well, there's nothing to talk about anyway," Mia said, letting 
both her feet drop to the floor simultaneously.  "He doesn't like me 
that way, so what's there to say?"
	"How do you know how he feels about you?" Densuo asked her.
	"Well, every time I try to use some of those Jurai techniques he 
just laughs at me.  Says it's 'cute.'  I might as well be a little girl 
to him," she grumbled.
	"Well, in a sense you are," Densuo reminded her.  "You are 
forgetting he is several thousand years older than you."
	"Oh," Mia said dejectedly.  She rolled over onto her side, looking
at Densuo again.  "Hey, how do Juraian girls let a guy know they like 
him?"
	"Well... they don't," he replied.  "Men always do the pursuing of 
the female, customarily, in Juraian society."
	"So there aren't any customs in your whole social systems that let
a girl give a guy a hint or two?" Mia asked astonished, almost indignant
at the male-chauvinism of it.
	"Not that I know of, and if there are any, like I said, I don't 
know of them.  I didn't exactly grow up in an environment with a lot of 
women, so I've never seen anything like that done."
	"Hmmph," Mia sniffed.  "Juraian society must bite for girls...."  
She sat up and stared out the window again.  Ray was outside standing on
the porch.  "So what am I gonna do then...?" she asked of no one in 
particular.
	Unexpectedly, Densuo answered her.  "Why don't try it your own 
way?  Earth-style?"
	"I don't know....  Do you think that would work?"
	"I for one find your mannerisms very charming," Densuo admitted.  
"There is certain appeal to their directness."
	"Really?" she asked, turning back to him.
	He smiled slightly.  "Why else would I be so determined to learn 
them?"
	"Hmmm," Mia considered his notion, looking back out the window to 
where Ray stood gazing out over the lake.  "But what would I _do_?"
	"What do young men and women do on this planet?" Densuo asked, 
somewhat rhetorically.
	"Well... there is a dance at my school a couple weeks from now, 
the Friday after next...." she murmured.
	*Aha,* Densuo grinned.  Young people in most cultures liked to 
attend dances, and Juraians, and apparently Earthlings also, were no 
exception.  "Good.  Ask him if he'd like to go with you to that."
	"Oh, I couldn't do that!" Mia protested, blushing slightly.  "It's
usually the guy who asks the girl... and...."
	"Hey, what happened to your relaxed Earth customs?" Densuo 
laughed.  "You can bend the rules a bit, can't you?"
	"Well... alright, I'll give it a shot," she conceded reluctantly 
and grouchily, trying to smother the smile caused by Densuo's infectious
laughter.
	She stood up, pointing an accusatory finger at him and still 
trying not to smile, "But if this goes wrong it's your fault!"
	Densuo just kept laughing.
	Stalking out of the room, Mia entered the kitchen where she 
attempted to calm her rising excitement and anxiety that were 
threatening to make her giddy as she suppressed fits of hysterical 
giggles.
	Once she felt as ready as she'd ever be, Mia made her way, via a 
roundabout route, to porch that overlooked the lake.
	"Hi Mia," Ray greeted her, his usual cheerful if somewhat distant 
and mysterious self, gazing out over the lake.
	"Hey," she returned softly.
	Mia paused for a moment, wondering how she was going to go about 
this, and Ray did not press her to speak, remaining silent himself.
	"Say... Ray, there's a dance at my school in two weeks, with a 
live band and everything...."
	"Really?" Ray asked idly, his interest hardly piqued.  "Sounds 
like fun."
	"Yeah... anyway, I was wondering...."
	Mia was not able to finish her hesitant sentence, because a roar 
from overhead and a flash of blue told them both that Mihoshi had 
returned from her police duty.  Amazingly, she managed to come to a safe
landing not far away without crashing into anything.
	Ray waved lazily to the newly arrived ship and watched as two 
figures stepped out, one obviously Mihoshi, but the other was unfamiliar
to Mia, and her brow furrowed in curious puzzlement.
	Ray, on the other hand, grinned broadly at the sight.
	"Well I'll be damned," he muttered, and then laughed aloud.  Mia 
followed curiously as he started striding quickly but not over-hastily 
towards the two Galaxy Police officers, who came to meet him halfway.
	As she approached, Mia inspected the woman next to Mihoshi.  She 
was tall for a woman, and slim but strong, with beautiful dark teal-hued
hair that fell over her right shoulder, and she wore a reddish-orange 
headband to keep it in place.  Her beauty stood out in contrast to 
the stern expression she wore on her face.  Mia noted a hint of distaste
in the minor curl of her lip.
	"Well, well, if it isn't GP Officer Lieutenant Kiyone Makibi," Ray
greeted, still grinning broadly.  He glanced at her badge, "Oh, excuse 
me!  First-Class Detective Lieutenant Kiyone!  I see you've come up in 
the world, Lieutenant."
	"And you're still just as low in it," she retorted.  Ray winced 
and chuckled.
	"File Number 143370-beta," she continued, her voice and expression
cold, "Riuroshi, formerly of the Kumanai family of Jurai.  A Class-A 
criminal.  Past offenses: breaking into the Science Academy with the 
intent to steal government-sanctioned secure information on the 
whereabouts of one Washu Hakubi; breaking into Top Secret Galaxy Police 
files and tampering with the criminal records, presumably to destroy his
own --"
	Ray grimaced and interrupted her.  "I was looking for Kagato.  
You, of all people, know that and understand why."
	Kiyone continued, unfazed by his interjected comment.  "Sentenced 
to one thousand years, served his time, paroled and release...."  Her 
eyes narrowed with pent up hatred.  "I should have known a criminal with
a record like yours could never change.  I was so damn naive....  And 
here you are, hiding out on this nowhere-planet.  Ship theft of a Galaxy
Police Alpha-Class Corvette, hmm?  Think of how that will look on your 
record!  Do you have any idea how long I've had the Yagami posted 
missing?  Do you know how many posters with your face on them I've had 
to put up all over the Galactic Rim, because GP HQ said I didn't have 
any evidence against you?!  Do you have any idea!?!"
	By the end of her spiel, the GP Detective was shouting at the top 
of her lungs, her intensity frightening for Mia to behold and chilling 
to the bone.  Mihoshi looked back and forth between Ray and Kiyone with 
deep concern.  Ray remained calm and unaffected.
	"Were you really looking for the Yagami to get it back, or to get 
me back?  Weren't you really just searching for me?"
	"Of course I was!" she screamed, pulling out her gun and pointing 
it at his head in one fluid motion.  "I want my pay-back, whadayou 
think!"
	Despite the blaster pistol trained on him inches from his 
forehead, Ray did not flinch or even show any reaction at all.
	"I think you're kidding yourself," he answered her rhetorical 
question and surprising everyone, both with the nature of his reply and 
with his calm.
	Kiyone was momentarily lost for words.
	"What are you gonna do, hmm?"  Ray asked her, daring her to make a
move.  "Arrest me?  _Shoot_ me...?  Not likely, hon.  Not gonna happen."
	"Shut up!" Kiyone screamed at him, further angered by his 
confidence, which Mia was surprised and shocked by.  "Don't add 
resisting arrest to that theft offense, Ray!" -- Mia started at hearing 
the detective call him "Ray" -- "I'd be more than happy to take my 
revenge right here and now, and screw the judicial system!"
	"Revenge?" Ray smirked.  "A GP Officer doesn't know the meaning of
the word, and you're no exception.
	"Besides," he said, closing his eyes briefly as his expression 
returned to its former impassive state, "you couldn't shoot me if you 
wanted to.  You don't have it in you...."  He shook his head, "Sorry, 
angel."
	Fuming, Kiyone lowered her gun.  "_Don't_ _call_ _me_ _that_!" she
growled with intense emotion.
	"Why?" Ray asked, his smirk back again.  "'Cause it reminds you of
all the good times we had?"
	"Where's the Yagami!" she snapped, attempting to ignore his 
comment, but with little success.
	"I'm sorry," he said apologetically, his tone mockingly grave.  
"I'd let you have it right now, since I don't need it anymore, but 
unfortunately I loaned it to the Crown Prince of Jurai so he can warn 
the Emperor about an evil plot to take over the throne being enacted by 
my cousin."
	Kiyone stared at him in disbelief.  "What is this bullsh~t!  Where
is my ship, damn it!"
	"It's true!"  Mihoshi affirmed.  "Tenchi really needed a ship!"
	Kiyone looked at Mihoshi, and then back at Ray, who nodded.
	Turning her back on him, Kiyone spoke in a very controlled tone, 
"Get out off my sight."
	"What, no goodbye kiss?" Ray asked with a smile.
	Mia could see Kiyone trembling with emotion held in check.  "Get 
away!"
	Sighing softly, Ray turned to go.  "Well, it never hurts to try." 
Mia thought she noted a hint of sadness in his gate as he trudged back 
to the house.
	"I can't believe I lost my virginity to that double-crossing, 
back-stabbing sonofabitch!" Kiyone muttered to a frightened and confused
Mihoshi.
	Mia squeaked, putting a hand over her mouth as the full extent and
underlying facts of what had just occurred came into focus in her mind.
	Kiyone glanced at her, as if just noticing her presence.
	"Who the --?" she started to speak, but Mia was gone.

	Looking up from reading one of the many magazines he was so 
diligently studying, the last thing Densuo expected to see was the 
crying figure of Mia that came running through the doorway.  Something 
had gone horribly wrong.
	She looked at him momentarily before running out through the front
door, and in that moment he could hear her words, joking and harmless 
seeming when spoken, now echoing accusingly in his mind, *"If this goes 
wrong it's your fault!"*
	Densuo dropped the magazine, leaning back on the sofa.  Suddenly, 
he felt like crying, but knew that neither Juraian nor Earth customs 
permitted him such a display.

	One day, as it turned out for Tenchi and Ayeka, had lasted for 
three and was now late into the fourth.  Each day they had risen and 
discussed it, and each day that had both agreed to continue being just a
young man and woman sharing innocently in each others company, if only 
for one day longer.
	"How do I look?" Tenchi asked as he strode purposefully into the 
main living area, decked out in Juraian fashion and wearing a silly 
looking hat he had found in a shelf.
	Ayeka giggled.  "Ridiculous!  You've got that hat on backwards."
	"Oh..." Tenchi said, grinning sheepishly and pulling the thing off
his head and looking at it, "maybe I'll start a new trend...?"
	Ayeka laughed again, and Tenchi tossed the hat onto a nearby 
table, standing tall with his chest puffed out and his chin held up in 
a mock-dignified stance.  "How about now?"
	"Very good," Ayeka complimented.  "You do look quite the Juraian 
Prince in that outfit."
	"Maybe," Tenchi said, slumping down casually onto a sofa and 
putting his hands behind his head.  He looked over at Ayeka, "But I'm 
not."
	"Not for today," she agreed, smiling.
	"What's that you have there?" he asked her, nodding towards the 
wooden box she held open on her lap.
	"Oh, this," she said.  "It's a Juraian music box.  I'm surprised, 
but Ray has thousands of Juraian tunes and songs programmed into it."
	"Is that so?" Tenchi asked curiously.
	Ayeka nodded.  "Oh, here's a good one!"  She did something to the 
interior of the box and beautiful music began to emanate from it.  She 
placed it on the small table next to her chair and they both listened to
it play its music.
	Tenchi tapped his foot lightly to the rhythm.  It was very good.  
He watched Ayeka gazing at the wooden box, looking slightly nostalgic.  
A wonderful, spontaneous idea entered his mind, and he grinned.
	Getting up he approached Ayeka, took her hand, and bowed, still 
grinning from ear to ear.  "May I have this dance?"
	Ayeka blushed demurely, but rose at his request and they stood 
together at the center of the room.
	"You really must learn some Juraian dance steps, Tenchi," she told
him, placing one of his hands on her shoulder and the other on her 
waist, and she guided him around the room as he clumsily attempted to 
follow her lead in the steps.
	Suddenly, he pulled her towards him and began spinning rapidly and
dancing her wildly about the room.
	"Tenchiii!" she squealed in surprise and delight, startled.  "What
are you doing?"
	"Being spontaneous!" he responded.
	And so they continued for a long time, dancing through many songs,
dancing some Juraian dances, and some from Earth.
	Tenchi knew it was getting late, and his feet were growing weary, 
but he did not want to stop.  He did not want this spontaneous, natural,
wonderful day to end.
	The two were now slow dancing to a mellow tune that was soothing 
to the mind and ears.  Ayeka leaned her head on his shoulder, her eyes 
closed.
	Tenchi felt one of her two long, silky pony-tails brush past his 
hand, and he marveled at its feel.  He moved his hand up her back, and 
touched her hair, brushing the back of her head lightly.
	Ayeka slowly raised her head, a look of contented joy on her face.
She looked into his eyes, "Tenchi...."
	Their gazes were locked.  Tenchi was mesmerized by her deep ruby 
eyes.  Slowly, he bent his head downward, gradually closing the distance
between her face and his own.

	Ryoko appeared in the cockpit of the Yagami.  She had not intended
to reveal that she had followed them, but they were nearing Jurai, and 
the ship did not seem to show any intention of slowing.
	The cockpit was empty.  Where were those two?  It _was_ getting 
late so....
	She had an abrupt a sinking feeling.  Disappearing, Ryoko 
rematerialized first in one bedroom, and then the other.  Well, they 
weren't there, so that was a relief.
	Flying around a bit more, Ryoko wandered into the dark dining 
room.  She noticed that light was streaming through the door to her 
right, and soft music could be heard coming from that direction.  
Landing, Ryoko padded quietly over and peered into the brightly lit 
living room.  What she saw there was possibly worse than her initial 
suspicion.
	Tenchi and Ayeka were dancing together, slowly turning circles in 
the middle of the room.  And they were kissing.  Nothing innocent like a
peck on the cheek, but nothing overly gratuitous or passionate either.  
A simple, long-lasting, loving kiss.  From Tenchi's lips to hers.  At 
that moment, Ryoko wished only two things: that she would suddenly 
awake from this nightmare, or be struck dead on the spot.

	Breakfast the Masaki house was much less cheerful than usual.  
Nobuyuki, Sasami, and Mia all sat around the table, glancing nervously 
at the new policewoman who had arrived just yesterday.  Mihoshi sat next
to her friend and watched her with concerned eyes.  Washu ate happily, 
making all sorts of appreciative noises, as if oblivious to the subdued 
mood of everyone else.
	Kiyone ate in silence, her head bowed over her bowl, not speaking 
or making eye contact with anyone.  She stiffened slightly when Ray 
entered the room and sat down across the table from her.
	After a few minutes, he broke the silence, "Did you have a good 
night's sleep, angel?"
	Kiyone's shoulders stiffened even more.  "Don't talk to me," she 
said in a low growl, and added, "you slimy bastard...."
	Ray smirked.  "Contrary to popular belief," he said in a slightly 
condescending tone, "my parents WERE married when I was born."
	"I said shut the hell up!" Kiyone shouted.
	"Hey, whoa, okay, okay..." Ray conceded, raising his hands before 
him in a calming gesture.  "Just calm down there, angel."
	"Stop calling me that!" she snapped, slamming her bowl down on the
table.
	Suddenly, Mia jumped to her feet, shouting, "Stop it, stop it both
of you!"  She was shaking.  "You sound just like my parents!"
	Everyone was staring at her in astonishment.  Mia put her hands 
over her face and hastily walked out of the room.
	Washu frowned deeply at Ray, chopsticks in one hand.  "Now look 
what you've done, you big oaf!" she scolded him.
	"Me?" asked Ray indignantly.  "Hey, I wasn't the one yelling!"
	"Listen to yourself..." Washu said her tone still stern and 
chastising, "making excuses.  You ought to be ashamed of yourself.  That
girl has made it very clear that she has a certain interest in you, and 
all you've done is ignore her for the past whole week!"
	Ray was taken aback.  "But... but she's just --"
	"A child?" Washu asked, raising an eyebrow.  "Do you think that 
makes her feelings any less important?  No, it's almost the opposite, 
because she is still yet to experience the heartache that others of us 
have known.  She's almost the same age as Tenchi!  Would you call him a 
child?  She's a very sensitive girl, and she's had plenty of problems of
her own recently; she doesn't need you provoking our new guest, she 
needs to be helped and consoled!"
	"I'll go," Densuo offered, and rose to leave.  Mentally, Ray 
thanked him.
	After a pause where all Washu did was glare at her son, she spoke 
again.  "Now, Densuo has gone to comfort the girl, being the kind and 
gentle soul he is, something you apparently failed to get out of your 
Juraian upbringing."
	Ray, chastened, said nothing.
	"Now go apologize to the poor girl," Washu commanded him, and he 
complied.
	After a moment, the others at the table went back to eating 
breakfast Nobuyuki shaking his head and tut-tutting as he turned back to
reading the newspaper.
	But Kiyone just stared at Washu.  "How did you do that?" she 
asked, wonderment written on her face.  "You practically made him 
cringe!"
	"Well, I am his mother after all," Washu replied.  "A stern 
reprimand from a mother can have that effect."
	Kiyone leaned forward and her eyes grew still larger.  "YOU'RE the
great scientist Washu?"
	"That's me!" she said winking, but then turned slightly more 
serious.  "The young girl with the pig tails is Princess Sasami of 
Jurai," -- "Nice to meet you, Miss Kiyone." -- "who kindly prepared the 
breakfast you are now eating, and the man drinking coffee and reading is 
Nobuyuki." -- "Hi there, Miss Kiyone!" -- "He is the owner of this house
who has so graciously shown you his infinite hospitality."
	Kiyone bowed her head, feeling a bit guilty.  "I'm sorry.  I 
haven't thanked any of you for any of this...."
	Washu nodded understandingly and continued.  "The girl who just 
ran out of the room is an ordinary but very sensitive native girl called
Mia, and the young man who followed her is Densuo, son of Lord Denrai of
the Tsumei....  The other man is my son, Riuroshi, but I take it you 
already know each other."
	Kiyone nodded and sipped her tea.  "What a strange assortment of 
people to be staying in a small house on planet Earth," she commented, 
steering the conversation away from Ray.
	"Just wait until you meet my daughter," Washu responded.  "The 
infamous space-pirate Ryoko."
	Kiyone blanched.  "Ry-Ryoko...?"  Mentally, Kiyone slowly went 
over the crimes she could remember from the two thousand year criminal 
rampage of the dread space-pirate.
	"Oh, yes, and Tenchi and Princess Ayeka should be back in another 
week or so."
	Kiyone's eyes grew large again.  A Juraian outcast and criminal, a
genius scientist, an infamous space pirate, a GP Officer, both heiresses
to the throne of Jurai, and several Earth natives all staying in this 
small house on this backwater planet at the edge of the galaxy.
	"P-Princess Ayeka...?  BOTH Juraian Crown Princesses... staying 
here?"  To Kiyone, it seemed totally unbelievable.
	"Yep.  Along with the less famous but far more impressive, though 
outwardly unremarkable, Crown Prince Tenchi Masaki," Washu responded 
with another wink.  "You just _have_ to me him!"

	At that moment, Tenchi was not any of those things.  He was simply
relaxed.  He'd become so relaxed, so natural and spontaneous, that he'd 
actually kissed Ayeka, and still was, and had been for quite awhile.
	Why?  Because it had seemed natural.  Natural for him to simply 
lean forward and kiss her.  He had never felt so naturally compelled to 
kiss Ryoko like that.  Being with her in the cave for those few minutes 
that now seemed so long ago and far away, as if experienced by another 
person, not him, that had seemed natural.  But he had not kissed her.
	He recalled kissing her once, vaguely, his mind awash with the 
sensation of Ayeka so amazingly close to him.  No, it had been Ryoko who
had kissed him.  But he had responded in kind, hadn't he?  True enough, 
but he had been drunk at the time.
	These and all other thoughts were muddled and nearly insubstantial
in his mind.  Yet he was not in turmoil.  He felt no guilt, no 
embarrassment, only... something.  Something indefinable, mixed with a 
calm, serene, and contented joy.  It soothed his mind, driving out all 
other thoughts save those of Ayeka.
	Tenchi's peace of mind, the first he had experienced in so long, 
was intruded upon by a sudden strange gasp.
	Startled, Ayeka and Tenchi looked up to see Ryoko standing in a 
doorway nearby, an expression of shocked horror on her face.
	The incredible anguish in her expression was nearly invisible to 
Tenchi as he was assaulted by his own surprise and confusion.
	"Ryoko...."
	Tears fell down her cheeks.  "No... no, it can't be!" she cried, 
as though in agony at what she saw.
	Though his kindness cried out to comfort her, Tenchi's confusion 
soon gave way to indignation and even anger.
	"Ryoko, what are you doing here?" Tenchi questioned sternly, his 
hands still entwined with Ayeka's, who was utterly silent.
	"Tenchi...!" Ryoko cried softly, reaching out towards him.
	"You... you followed us!"  Tenchi's temper was rising as he tried 
to reign it in, fearing he might snap again.  He stepped away from Ayeka
and towards Ryoko, almost threateningly.  "How could you?  After I told 
you not to!"
	"Tenchi, I... I was afraid... afraid that..." Ryoko tried to say, 
but seemingly couldn't form the necessary words.
	"What, Ryoko!  What are you so damned afraid of!" Tenchi burst out
as he choked back his own tears of anger, pain, frustration, and 
confusion.
	It was the final blow, and Ryoko collapsed in tears.  "This!" she 
cried onto the floor where she knelt.  She looked up at Tenchi, "I was 
afraid of this!  Of losing you, Tenchi...!"  Her gaze dropped to the 
floor again, "Of losing you... forever."
	Tenchi's face was calm and kind once again, his anger destroyed by
Ryoko's admission.  He sighed softly and closed his eyes for a moment to
compose himself fully, "Ryoko, I'm sorry you had to see this, but I....
I'm sorry.  I did what came naturally, and I'm sorry you had to suffer 
for it, but what happened can't be undone."
	Ryoko said nothing, still staring at the floor, her breathing 
slightly irregular as she was periodically wracked by quiet sobs.
	He turned to go, "Please go back.  Help Ray protect my home... our
home... in case of Kumiro's return."
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko said, looking quickly up.  Tenchi paused, his back
to her but his head cocked slightly to listen.
	"I'm so afraid of losing you, Tenchi... but why....  Tenchi, why 
are _you_ afraid of _me_!"  She was crying, pleading with him, not for 
his love or forgiveness, but for a simple answer.  "Please, tell me... 
why?"
	Gazing at his feet for a moment, Tenchi suddenly turned and 
startled Ryoko by cupping her tear-stained face with his hands.  He 
looked her directly in the eye, his expression firm.  No hint of fear of
her, or fear anything showed in his face or eyes.
	"Who are you, Ryoko?" he asked her, a serious frown creasing his 
brow.  "Who, exactly...?  You open a part of your heart to me, yet leave
other parts closed.  You say you love me, but you betray my trust, and 
follow me here.
	"You say you are afraid of losing me, but you don't trust me to do
what I know is right in my heart.  You don't trust me to find the truth 
on my own, and you try to force what you want to be true on me.
	"You say that I'm afraid of you.  And I am frightened by you, at
times; everyone fears the unknown, and you are unknown to me.  You act 
like I'm running away from you, and you chase me, but it's you who is 
running away.  Ryoko, I follow my path in life and I can't force it to 
change direction.  I've said I don't believe in fate, but if it's fate 
that leads me to you... or leads me away from you...."
	Tenchi straightened, gazing down at Ryoko with the same calm face 
that now seemed so cruel to her.
	"If that's the case... so be it," he said with finality.
	Ryoko rose to her feet, her head bowed, unable to meet his gaze.  
"I understand, Tenchi," she murmured.  "Will you forget this crazy trip 
and come home...?"  There was a note of hope in her voice.
	"No," Tenchi said firmly, and Ryoko recoiled slightly as if 
struck, her head still bowed.  "I must warn Lord Azusa of the danger."
	Ryoko nodded half-heartedly.  "I... I understand.... Come home 
safe, Tenchi..." and she disappeared.
	Tenchi sighed, his strength gone, as though drained away.
	"T-Tenchi...?" Ayeka whispered, concerned.
	"Ayeka, I need to be alone right now."
	She nodded understandingly, but Tenchi knew she could not know how
he felt.  He made his way to his room.  He himself could hardly describe
what it had been like to send Ryoko off like that; it had felt like his 
soul collapsing.

	Princess Sasami was a sweet and friendly little girl, even as 
little girls go.  Her one character flaw, which perhaps defied her sweet
nature, was her less obvious childish penchant for mischief, often 
induced by boredom.  When she had overheard Ray explaining the existence
of the floating onsen to Densuo (Ryoko had designed it after acquiring 
a taste for it during their hotel visit), the light of that mischief had
entered her eyes, though it remained invisible within her cute and 
innocent face.
	She had convinced the two that it would be fine for them to use 
the onsen, even though the sign only said "Ladies" and "Tenchi."  It had
been fairly easy.  Who would mistrust her smiling, open expression?
	Sasami giggled as she peaked around the corner at Mihoshi and 
Kiyone.  A curious Ryo-ohki, who had reappeared only that day along with
a forlorn and brooding Ryoko, came up behind her in toddler form.  She 
peaked around the corner as well, but only saw the two off-duty police 
officers looking tired and relaxing before the large, galactic-
broadcast television.
	Baffled, Ryo-ohki looked up at the little princess and mewed 
questioningly.  Sasami turned around and shushed Ryo-ohki with a finger 
to her lips.  Looking severe, Ryo-ohki turned around and shushed to the 
empty kitchen behind her, then returning to peering around the corner
with Sasami.
	Kiyone stretched.  "Do they always make you work so hard around 
here?" she asked Mihoshi.
	"Nobody's making us," Mihoshi said in a slightly scolding tone.  
"It's only the decent thing to help out while we're staying here.  
Everybody else does."
	Kiyone made a face.  "That's true, I guess, but how did you end up
with so many chores up at that shrine?"
	Mihoshi held up a finger and closed her eyes and said in the same 
tone, "Well I only volunteered because it's only fair and out of respect
for Grandfather who tends the shrine all by himself, especially now that
he is not well."
	"Grandfather...?" Kiyone gave her former partner a confused look. 
"Oh, you don't mean Prince Yosho do you?"  She had been astounded to 
find that the long lost Crown Prince of Jurai was also among the 
unlikely inhabitants of the area.  "But he doesn't look hardly any older
than you or me!"
	Kiyone had expected Mihoshi to continue arguing her case, but she 
should have known better.
	"I know, isn't he cute!" Mihoshi cried.  Kiyone's face contorted 
drastically and she fell off the couch.
	Sasami stifled another giggle.  She turned to Ryo-ohki and frowned
with the unusual seriousness possessed only by a child who is up to 
something, and again put a finger to her mouth.
	"Ssh!"
	Frowning with the same seriousness, Ryo-ohki returned the gesture 
and the "ssh!"
	Sasami walked out into the living room and interrupted.
	"Hey, you guys look really tired!"
	"You can bet _I_ am," Kiyone said picking herself up off the floor
and glaring at Mihoshi in a way that left little doubt as to what, or 
whom, she was tired of.
	"Well why don't you both go take a bath in the onsen?  That should
relax you!" the princess suggested cheerily.
	"Say, yeah, that sounds like a good idea!  Whadayou say, Kiyone?"
	The dark haired GP detective was a bit skeptical.  "I don't 
know... I saw Ray and that Juraian noble, whatsisname, Densuo, wandering 
around there awhile ago.  Do you know if there's anybody there now 
Sasami?"
	Sasami, the picture of innocence, put a finger to her chin.  
"We-e-ll... I don't think so...."
	"Well then let's go, Kiyone!  Come on, what are you worried 
about?"  Mihoshi dragged Kiyone almost bodily towards the back door.
	"Wait -- wait, Mihoshi!  Shouldn't we change out of our clothes 
first?!"
	"Oh, don't be silly, we'll...."
	The two voices faded off, Kiyone protesting and Mihoshi refusing 
to let her escape.
	"Myah, mya mya miya!" Ryo-ohki cried, waving her little arms at 
Sasami.
	"I know they're in there!  Don't be a spoil-sport!"
	Sasami laughed out loud.  "Come on, Ryo-ohki, let's see what 
happens.  This'll be fun!"  With a giggle, the princess skipped off 
towards the hot springs.
	Ryo-ohki rolled her little eyes slightly.  There was no time to 
explain now because Ryoko was calling to her again, but what Ryo-ohki 
had been trying to tell Sasami, if she would only listen, was that there
was someone else in the onsen right now that the young girl didn't know 
about....

	"Ahh!  Boy, am I tired of being the responsible mother!" Washu 
sighed, as she relaxed by herself in the soothing waters of the floating
onsen.  Idly, she wondered where Ryoko had run off to.  No matter.  Her 
job of playing mother to the whole household would probably just be 
complicated by her daughter's presence.  Things were rough enough as it 
was, what with constantly having to keep Kiyone from flipping her lid at
Mihoshi's usual empty-head antics, or from killing her son, which was 
made harder by his own bitter sarcasm.  Washu suspected there was more 
behind their discord than a simple ex-lovers' quarrel.  Hopefully things
would clear up when Tenchi and Ayeka returned with the Yagami.
	Washu sipped her sake thoughtfully, enjoying the relaxation of the
moment.  Closing her eyes, she soon opened them again at the sound of 
voices, coming from the men's area of the onsen.  Curious, Washu quietly
swam closer to the conversation.
	"Really, even if you were branded an outlaw, I admire your 
perseverance and loyalty, Ray," Densuo was saying.  "Very noble 
qualities for a knight of Jurai, even an outcast one."
	Ray gave one of his sarcastic smirks.  "Loyalty to what?  I 
betrayed my father's wishes and went against all Juraian codes of 
conduct, common and knightly."
	"No, I mean your devotion to finding your mother," Densuo 
corrected him.  "You spent thousands of years searching for her."  He 
sipped at his sake dish and then refilled it from the jar that sat on a 
floating dish between them, remarking, "And most of all, you found her."
	"I guess that's true," Ray agreed, looking slightly downcast, "but
I hurt a whole lot of people in the process... myself and others."
	Though he knew it went against all Juraian etiquette to pry, 
Densuo had to ask.  He reminded himself that this was not Jurai, and he 
was practicing local customs with his question.  "You're thinking of 
Kiyone, aren't you?"  He had become good at jumping to reasonable 
conclusions recently.
	The other man shifted uneasily, suggesting Densuo had been on the 
mark, but then Ray snorted, as if the notion were ridiculous.  "Her?  
No way, she's full of it....  Whatever you've heard of the story isn't 
the whole story, and some of it may be her lying... lying to herself 
mostly, but I wouldn't put it past her to tell someone else her 
'rendition' of what happened."
	"So what's your side... if I may be so bold...?" Densuo inquired, 
his curiosity and concern piqued by Ray's words and body language.
	Ray smiled vaguely.  "It's a long story, and my half is the 
longest," he said.  That made no sense; logically both "halves" would be
exactly equal, but maybe Ray was just being ironic.  He often was.
	He stood, holding onto the towel that encircled his waste with one
hand.  "I think I'll get out now.  The hot springs are relaxing, but I 
have some things I need to do."  With that, the young man walked off, 
leaving Densuo to his own thoughts and wonderings.
	Washu cackled evilly to herself, peeking unnoticed at the two from
nearby.  "That's right Little Riuroshi, go do 'some things' and leave 
Mommy to have her fun...."  She grinned mischievously.  Finally she 
would get to do something decidedly un-motherly; this would be fun.
	Densuo drained the last of his sake and peered into the jar.  
Empty.
	"Hmmh," he muttered to himself, shaking the bottle slightly to 
confirm its lack of content, and then placed it back on the tray.  "That
guy sure can put it away.  I guess when you've been wandering around the
galaxy for a couple thousand years....  I wonder where he learned to 
drink like that...?"
	Densuo felt something soft yet firm press against his back as a 
voice whispered in his ear, "Maybe he learned it from his mother...."
	Something tickled his shoulder and he looked down to see a lock of
red hair.  Puzzled, Densuo reach a hand down behind him, and his hand 
came in contact with someone's thigh, that subsequently rubbed itself 
against his own.  The nature of what was softly poking him in the back 
abruptly came to Densuo.
	His eyes dilated suddenly, and he tasted blood from his nose 
trickling into his mouth.  He tried to move hastily away, but not before
two arms encircled him from behind, holding him fast.
	"Don't worry, I've got plenty of sake over in my part of the 
onsen..." the voice whispered again, as a nose snuggled against his 
neck.
	"MISS WASHU!" Densuo blurted, thrashing about in the water.  
"What... what are you...!"  He didn't get any further, but felt like if 
he tried to speak again he'd end up screaming like a girl.  He was 
completely befuddled.  There was nothing in his experience or upbringing
that prepared him for this incident.
	"Aw, don't be shy," Washu admonished, dragging him bodily from the
water towards the women's onsen, showing surprising strength for such 
a diminutive woman.
	Only she wasn't "Little Washu" anymore.  Glancing up at his 
kidnapper, blood flowed anew from his bleeding nose as he discovered 
that he had definitely not imagined the uncharacteristic fullness of the
figure pressing against him.
	With a delighted giggle, Washu splashed into the water in the area
of the onsen forbidden to Densuo, dragging the unfortunate(?) young man 
along with her.
	"Come on, let's have some fun!" she suggested playfully, hugging 
him close.  Densuo held tightly onto his concealing towel, as though for
dear life.
	"Washu?" someone said.
	Both looked to see Kiyone and Mihoshi sitting in the same spring, 
staring at them in astonishment.
	Densuo felt a leaden wait land in his stomach.
	"Hey, what are you two doing here!" Washu asked indignantly, 
hugging Densuo closer to her and turning away from the two women 
slightly, as though shielding him with her body, possessively.
	"What are _you_ doing here?" Kiyone asked.
	"And what's _he_ doing here?" asked a wide-eyed Mihoshi, pointing 
at Densuo, who was too embarrassed and befuddled to speak.
	"What does it look like we're doing?" Washu asked somewhat 
rhetorically, tickling Densuo's exposed stomach suggestively.
	"Aah... it's not what it looks like!" he burst out, forced to vent
his confusion caused by Washu's caressing hand.
	"Of course it is!" Washu contradicted him.  "I'm tired of keeping 
you rowdy children under control.  Mother Washu needs to have her fun 
now and then too, you know!"
	Kiyone's expression was reproving.  "Miss Washu, I'm surprised by 
you!" she said, frowning.  "I thought you were more mature than that."
	"Hey, a woman's got her needs," Washu argued, licking Densuo's ear
and making him turn white as a sheet, as another person entered the 
onsen.
	It was Mia.
	Densuo now turned purple.  He felt like sinking into the water and
melting away, or at least drowning himself out of his misery.
	"Densuo?  Wha... what are you doing here?" she asked, blushing, 
noticing the hold the adult-form Washu had on him and the look on his 
face.
	"Okay, I think you've frightened and humiliated him long enough,"
Kiyone told Washu.  "Let the poor kid go, for crying out loud."
	Reluctantly, but with an evilly contented smile on her face, Washu 
swam back away from Densuo.  "Aw, I was only teasing.  It's not like I 
was going to _hurt_ him... well, not much...."  Densuo quickly retreated
from the onsen, bowing for forgiveness to all and his unspoken thanks to
Kiyone for liberating him from the most confusing and embarrassing 
situation of his life.  Though he was several hundred years old, he'd 
lived most of his life in his father's palace, and being sexually 
assaulted by a beautiful twenty-thousand-year-old genius scientist was 
not exactly something this life had prepared him for.
	Not sure whether she wanted to know the story or not, Mia watched 
him rush past her muttering apologies and excuses simultaneously.
	Settling a bit uneasily into the hot waters of the onsen, Mia 
looked at Washu, who grinned at her.
	"Um... what were you two doing?" Mia asked hesitantly, but her 
insatiable juvenile curiosity prevented her from letting it slide.
	"Playing..." Washu said innocently, still grinning.
	"Don't mind her, she's just satisfying her apparently undeniable 
need to boggle young men with her body," Kiyone assured Mia.
	"When you get to be my age you need to make sure you've still got 
the right stuff every now and then," Washu explained, completely unfazed
by Kiyone's words.
	"I guess I was wrong about you, Miss Washu," Kiyone said.  "Now I 
can see why both your offspring turned out to be criminals."
	"Really, Miss Washu," Mihoshi agreed, her expression also stern, 
though it was hard to take seriously coming from her.  "You're acting 
just like Ryoko!"
	Washu looked startled for a moment, but then laughed.  "I suppose 
that has a ring of truth to it."   She winked, "But she's not the _only_
one who teases Tenchi like that!"
	Mia practically dropped her disc player into the water.  She 
decided not to ask any more questions.
	Setting the portable CD player by the edge of the hot spring pool,
relaxing and letting herself be absorbed by the music that eminated from
the tiny speakers in her ears.  She skipped around a bit on the CD.  It 
was a compelation that a friend had burned for her for her birthday.  
She listened to a few popular American songs, and then went on to 
"Dreams Come True" by SES.  The title was in English, but she knew what 
it meant, and the lyrics were in Japanese.  She sat and wondered if her 
dreams about Ray would ever come true.
	"Mia?" Kiyone said.  The girl was staring off into space.
	Kiyone waved her hand in front of Mia's glazed eyes.
	She blinked.  "Huh?" she said pulling the headphones out of her 
ears.  "Did you say something Miss Kiyone?"
	"Yes," Kiyone was frowning, her tone serious.  Leaning back again,
Kiyone continued.  "Mia, I'd like to give you a word of warning."
	"Okay... what about?"
	Kiyone looked her in the eye.  "Stay away from Ray Kumanai."
	"What?" Mia gasped. She was startled by Kiyone's stern advice.
	"Sure, he's handsome and charming, and --" the GP officer cut 
herself off, narrowing her eyes.  "He's not what he seems... criminals 
as bad as him never change."
	"Well, I think you're wrong about him," Mia replied, and there was
a certain indignation or even anger in her voice, and now it was Kiyone 
who was startled.  "Ray's never done anything against any of us here.  
The only reason he ended up on the wrong side of the law is because he 
was looking for his mother!"
	Kiyone quickly regained her composure, and retaliated.  "You 
haven't known him as long as I did!  He gains your trust... pretends to 
care... and then the next thing you know he steals your damn space 
ship."  Kiyone's expression was full of bitterness and sarcasm.
	"He hasn't told me what happened, but from what he has said, I 
don't think Ray remembers it the same way," Mia told her, and with that 
she picked up her disc player and left the onsen.  It was the second 
time in only the span of a moment that the unassuming girl had startled 
Kiyone with her directness
	But... was there a note of truth to her words?  Of course not.  
That was ridiculous.  Kiyone decided that Mia was just too young and 
inexperienced to understand just how cruel he had been.

	"Princess Ayeka and Prince Tenchi," one of the two knights 
flanking them announced as they entered the chamber.  It was so large, 
with its high vaulted ceilings and natural, almost tree-like appearance,
it was almost as if Tenchi found himself standing outside.
	Emperor Azusa sat before them on a thrown that itself looked alive
and growing like one of the Juraian trees.
	"Prince Tenchi..." Azusa said, his voice reverberating through the
vast hall, almost mocking in attitude.  He noted Tenchi's formal Juraian 
clothing.  "So... you come before me as a prince," he glanced at Ayeka 
standing beside him.  "And with my daughter at your side I see.  What is 
it you want, boy?"  He asked, contemptuously.
	"Lord Azusa," Tenchi said formally and respectfully, his brow 
serious despite the Emperor's tone.  "We have travelled here in great 
haste to warn you of a danger... a danger to you, directly!"
	Azusa was surprised by these words, and be pondered them a moment.
"Why should I believe the word of an Earthling like you?" he asked, 
suspiscious.
	Ayeka stepped forward  "Father, please...!  You must believe what 
we are about to tell you.  It is of a very dire nature."
	After a moment, Lord Azusa nodded and then looked to the two 
guards.  "Leave us."
	"Hai!" both men saluted with their staffs and marched from the 
room.
	"What is this grave news you've come so far to tell me about," he
asked, his hands steepled in front of him.  "A threat to my life, you 
said?"
	"Lord Azusa," Tenchi began.  "We've travelled here to warn you... 
that Lord Kumiro of the Kumanai is plotting to steal the throne!"
	Azusa's eyes narrowed.  "My trusted advisor... is this true?"
	A figure moved from the shadows of the throne and stepped into the
light.  It was Kumiro.
	Tenchi and Ayeka both stared in disbelief, wishing it weren't so. 
But it was undeniably the same dark-haired, evil-eyed villain who had 
attacked and nearly killed Tenchi's grandfather.  How had he so rapidly 
insinuated himself into the Emperor's trust?
	"It must be a lie, My Lord," the man said, his cold gaze falling 
upon Ayeka and Tenchi who were both frozen to the spot.  "I serve only 
you, Lord Azusa, Emperor of Jurai."
	Azusa stood up, glaring at the young man who stood before him.
	"How _dare_ you!" he demanded.  "You are a disgrace!  Spinning 
such lies as these!"
	"Father, he's telling the truth!" Ayeka cried.
	"Silence, Ayeka!"  His eyes returned to Tenchi.  "You have 
corrupted my daughter with your Earthling ways and tricked her into 
following you blindly.  How dare you come before me, an Earthling 
dressed as a Juraian Lord, a wolf in sheeps clothing!"
	He spotted the Tenchi-ken at Tenchi's waste.  "And wearing the 
Master Key on your belt like some sort of trophy!  You have no right to 
carry that sacred weapon!"
	The Emperor raised a hand, the sword flashed from Tenchi's waste, 
but, quick as lightning and almost without thought, Tenchi snatched the 
weapon from the air.
	Grimacing, Azusa extended his hand further.  "Foolish boy!  Don't 
try and defy me!  I am the Emperor of Jurai!"
	Sweating bullets, Tenchi instinctively struggled to keep the 
Tenchi-ken in his grasp.  He slid several inches across the floor as 
Lord Azusa concentrated.
	"AaaaaaAAAGH!" Azusa yelled, his volume gradually increasing until
the sword was ripped from Tenchi's hand.  He could feel the sting of 
blood on his lacerated fingers.
	With what could only be described as an enraged grin, Lord Azusa 
extended the blade of the Master Key.  "So you wish to fight my will, do
you, boy?  Well... let's test your mettle!"
	With that, the Emperor leapt down from his throne taking a swift 
and potentially fatal downward swipe at Tenchi, which he barely avoided.
	"Father, no!" Ayeka screamed, but it was too late.  As if driven 
by some unknown force, the Emperor had completely snapped and was coming
after Tenchi with death on his mind.
	"Is that the best you can do?" he demanded, slashing at Tenchi, 
who dodged once again.  "Run away?"  He did not even seem to consider 
the fact that the young man was apparently completely unarmed.
	With a primal bellow, Lord Azusa brought a fierce over-hand blow 
down on Tenchi's head, intended most likely to kill.
	Tenchi put his arms up over his head for what pathetic cover they 
would provide and waited for the sword to cut through his body.  But the
strike never came; it stopped dead, as if on thin air, several inches 
from Tenchi.
	There was an immense white flash, and when the light faded, Azusa 
was shocked to discover one of three arcs of pure light blocking his 
sword.  Tenchi looked up, and was just as surprised by the sight as his 
assailant.
	"The... the Wings of the Light Hawk!" the Lord Azusa whispered in 
shock and disbelief.
	The next moment the Emperor's expression became even more shocked,
as a blade of pure black suddenly potruded from his chest.  He fell 
forward onto the ground before Tenchi, revealing Kumiro Kumanai standing
behind him, an evil smile on his face, he stepped forward, making as if 
to advance on Tenchi who stood rooted to the spot.
	Ayeka finally found her voice.  "No!" she screamed in horror.
	There was a crash from overhead as shards of glass rained down on 
them and a black and red object streaked down towards Kumiro at 
lightning speed.
	"Stay the f~ck away from him!" Ryoko yelled as she delt Kumiro a 
punishing upper-cut to the jaw, sending him over backwards with blood 
flying from his mouth.
	Kumiro spit out blood onto the floor.  "You'll pay for that you 
lousy bitch!" he cursed, and then raised his voice to a shout.  "Guards, 
the Emperor's been attacked!"
	"Put it on my tab!" Ryoko snapped.  She turned swiftly and grabbed
Tenchi and Ayeka.  "Let's go!"
	"Wait!" Tenchi broke free from her grasp, as guards began dashing 
into the room from all directions.  Running to the Emperor's side, 
Tenchi rolled him over onto his back.  His eyes were still open.
	"Lord Azusa!  Lord Azusa!" Tenchi cried out to him.
	Azusa looked at Tenchi, his eyes wide, and his lips moved but no 
sound came out.  Tenchi felt the Emperor press something into his hand. 
It was the Tenchi-ken.
	"Tenchi, we have to get out of here!" Ryoko cried.  Grabbing 
Tenchi about the waste with one arm and holding Ayeka tightly with the 
other, she flashed off through the hole she had made in the ceiling, 
several energy blasts passing harmlessly by beneath her, and was gone.
	Kumiro stood, wiping blood from his mouth with the back of a 
gloved hand.  "You will pay for your interference... you and all those 
close to you will suffer before I'm through, 'Prince' Tenchi...."

	Appearing in the cockpit of the Yagami, Ryoko set Tenchi and Ayeka
down.
	"Get going," she said hastily.  "Me and Ryo-ohki will cover your 
retreat."
	Putting out of his mind all the multitude of thousand-mile-an-hour
thoughts and emotions that were running through him, Tenchi nodded 
gravely, and Ryoko disappeared.
	He turned to Ayeka, and saw that she was crying.  He lay a brief  
but comforting hand on her shoulder.  "You go lie down.  I'll handle 
this, Ayeka."
	The princess nodded, her face in her hands, and hastily left the 
room.  Tenchi once again shoved aside his own sorrow, anger, and anxiety
and strapped himself into the pilot's chair.  Bringing up the display 
and checking everything as fast as possibly, he quickly plotted a good 
course and revved up the sub-light engines.  Breaking away from Juraian 
orbit, he engaged the light-speed engines and increased the Yagami's 
pace to maximum, heading for home.  He was getting better at this.
	Glancing at the proximity display, Tenchi could see Ryo-ohki 
following close behind him.  Well, time to take care of one part of his 
frustration.  He hailed Ryo-ohki's bridge.
	"Hey, Tenchi!" Ryoko appeared smiling on the main screen.  "Miss 
me?"
	Tenchi became even more frustrated as her smile dazzled him but 
her attitude severely irked him.
	"Ryoko," he said sternly.  "I told you to go home.  Why did you 
follow us _again_?  What if Kumiro had attacked while I was away?"
	"Hey!" she said, her own dander rising.  "Kumiro _didn't_ attack 
the house, he attack _you_!  If I hadn't come back after you again you 
never would have made it out of there!"
	"I can handle myself, Ryoko!" Tenchi yelled.  "I'm not the little 
boy who came wandering around your cave.  Hell!  I'm not even the same 
kid who stumbled into it and released you!
	"Ayeka is the Crown Princess!  No one would have believed Kumiro's
word over ours!  No one!"
	"That wouldn't make much difference if you were both dead!" Ryoko 
shouted back.  Tenchi was shocked into silence.  Her volume diminished 
and she looked close to tears.  "If... if you were dead....  Tenchi, 
Kumiro is an evil man, and he has an even greater evil power... even 
Washu can't really understand it....  After he'd finished the Emperor...
he would have come after you, Tenchi...!  He would have killed you... I 
would never be able to forgive myself if I let that happen to you...."
	She looked him in the eye and said with great feeling in her 
voice, "I'd rather die myself."
	"Ryoko..." Tenchi began, but did not know what to say.  He felt 
like he should try to keep arguing his position, but the fight had 
completely gone out of her, and was quickly draining from him.
	"You know..." she said, with the slightest hint of a sarcastic 
smirk, "I could have just left Ayeka there...."  She sighed, looking 
down at her feet.  "But I knew you'd never forgive me for that... and 
its not like I'd wish _that_ bad a fate on her...."
	"No, Ryoko, you're right," Tenchi admitted reluctantly, and she 
looked up again, surprised.  "For once, you're right.  I'm sorry for 
getting angry with you."  He smiled, and Ryoko felt like she was about 
to cry with unexplainable joy.  It was just a concession, and a smile, 
she told herself, nothing more.  But it made her happy.
	"It's getting late," Tenchi said, changing the subject.  "You 
should get some rest.  And try to think about what I said earlier."
	Waving, he switched off the screen.  He put a hand over his weary 
eyes, leaning on that arm, and sighed.  The past few days had been rough
on him.  But he was not the only person in the world.  There was someone
else that he was certain was far more deeply effected by recent events.

	When he found her, Ayeka was sitting on her bed, crying.  He sat 
down next to her and put a protective arm around her shoulder.
	At his touch, she looked up, then tried to move away from him.
	"Please, Lord Tenchi, I would like to be alone right now."
	"No you wouldn't," Tenchi countered, his voice kind and caring.  
"You need to be comforted.  No one wants to be alone with their sorrow."
He smiled, "Misery loves company you know."
	Ayeka just cried on his shoulder.  Tenchi stroked her hair softly,
comfortingly.  Carefully, he began to untie one of her two long pony 
tails.  She lifted her head, looking at him with slightly widened eyes.
	"Lord Tenchi, what are you...?"
	Tenchi said nothing as he unbound her second tail and looked at
her, her eyes with tears still in them, gazing into his, her hair 
falling naturally and loosely about her shoulders.
	"I've never seen you like this... with your hair unbound," he said 
softly.
	"It is not proper for a young lady of Jurai," she murmured, 
forcing her gaze away from his.
	Tenchi just smiled.  "You and all your silly Juraian customs... 
you look beautiful however your hair is."  He ran one hand through her 
violet hair.  "You have very beautiful hair, too... like silk."
	"Lord Tenchi, please..." she begged, knowing she should tell him 
to stop but not wanting him to.
	"I've always wanted to know what this feels like," he said after a
pause.
	"My-my hair?" Ayeka asked.  She felt very confused.
	"That..." he nodded.  "And this."  He enfolded her in his 
protective embrace, and kissed her.
	For the first time in a week, Ayeka felt that same unfounded fear 
returning as her eyes went wide.  In comparison with this, their first 
kiss had been nothing, completely innocent.  This was filled with much 
more passion and feeling.  He held her tightly, and Ayeka felt like he 
would hold her forever.  Yet her eyes were wide with fear.  Her heart 
was pounding.  She felt fragile, unable to cope with such a show of 
affection.  She felt like he would never let go of her, but she didn't 
want him to, ever, and that was the scariest thing of all.
	Finally, she was able to pull herself out of his grasp, which was 
still gently and broke readily at her behest.  She turned away from him,
sitting at the corner of the bed.
	"Please," she said.  "I don't need your pity, Lord Tenchi."
	"Ayeka I..." Tenchi began.  Was what he was feeling only pity and 
empathy; concern?  Or was there more?  "I'm sorry."
	"It's alright," Ayeka replied.  "You have a very kind heart and I 
know you only wish to comfort me....  I must be a very pitiful sight."
	"No, that's not what I mean at all," Tenchi said, surprising 
Ayeka. His tone became frustrated and angry, "I mean... I mean....  
Damnit, this is all my fault, Ayeka!  If I hadn't been so foolish... and
if I hadn't used the Light Hawk Wings, your father might still be alive! 
Damn me and my stupid power!"
	"Tenchi, don't say that!" Ayeka exclaimed, turning back to him.  
"If you hadn't used the Light Hawk Wings you would have been killed!  
None of this is your fault.  It's all that evil man Kumiro!"
	Tenchi shook his head.  "No, it's....  I'm sorry Ayeka.  It's not 
because I pity you... I know I can never really prove I'm sorry that 
way, but... it's just that...." 
	He looked up, "Ayeka... I think I love you."
	Ayeka started to cry again, "Lord Tenchi, please stop pitying me!"
	"No, really, Ayeka, I do," he continued.  "For me, the days I got 
to spend together with you were... amazing.  I've never felt like this 
in my life, and I don't know what it is.  I don't know what I can call 
it accept... love."
	Ayeka collapsed onto her side on the bed, still crying.  He lay 
down to face her, looking her in the eye, and there was nothing there to
suggest that he was mocking her or simply telling her what she wanted to
hear.
	"Stop!" she sobbed.  "You're so cruel...."
	Tenchi smiled and brushed the side of her face gently with his 
hand, her hair spread out across the sheets in a dark violet halo.
	"So are you," he said, still smiling.  "I tell you I love you and 
you call me a liar.  How cruel is that?"
	Ayeka couldn't say anything, but she started to smile with him.  
Why should she deny his return of her feelings?  Was she so afraid of 
being loved?
	She moved forward and kissed him, and he accepted it freely.  Was 
it really this easy?
	Tenchi was wondering the same thing at that moment, but for a 
different reason.  Was it this easy to solve all his worries?  A word 
and a kiss and they were gone?  But something was nagging him... what 
could it be?
	Ryoko.  He abruptly sat up and looked, and there she was, standing
nearby.  Her eyes glistened but her face was dry.
	"Ryoko... I..." he began, but couldn't finish.  More than any time
in his life, Tenchi was at a total loss for words.
	"I came to tell you, Tenchi," Ryoko said, her voice wavering.  
"You asked me what it is I want from you.  I used to think it was your 
attention, your affection, and it is... but more importantly, I want you
to be happy.  That day when you were little, you ran to my cave 
crying... I realized on that day that I never wanted you to cry again.  
I only wanted you to be safe and happy....  I wanted to protect you from
that sadness, and all sadness....  People have told me that if you 
really and truly care about someone, the only thing you want is for them
to be happy....  What makes you happy, Tenchi, really?"
	For a long time, Tenchi said nothing.
	"I'm sorry Ryoko... I'm sorry for everything you've had to go 
through, and come out with no reward...."
	She smiled through her tears.  "I understand, Tenchi.  The only 
reward I need is knowing that you are happy... that's all."
	In an instant that seemed like an eternity in which time moved so 
slow for Tenchi it was agonizing, Ryoko dematerialized and was gone.
	He could still hear her words, echoing soundlessly off the walls, 
reverberating back to his ears alone, *"What makes you happy...?"*
	He sat on the bed, unable to move, or even think, or even feel.  
He'd felt like he had cut her off from him, and it felt like he'd cut 
off one of his own limbs.  He could hardly bear it.
	Ayeka put her arms around him, and he leaned back and rested his 
head on her chest.  Now it was her turn to comfort him, but he was 
unable to shed a single tear.  Completely drained, Tenchi simply fell 
quietly into a deep sleep.

	Tenchi was walking down a familiar street in Okayama.  He didn't 
really think of why he was doing this, but after awhile he discovered 
that he was suddenly quite lost.  On top of that, he had forgotten where
he was going, and the street was entirely empty of people.
	So where was he headed anyway?  Well, the street only went in one 
direction here, so he figured he'd wing it, and tried not to get to 
disconcerted by being hopelessly lost.
	He hastened on for a ways further, hoping to glimpse something he 
recognized, a street sign, a store, or even a stranger to give him some 
directions.  Tenchi came to a point where the current street effectively
dead ended with another street running perpendicular to it in both 
directions.  Tenchi paused, wondering which way to go.
	He inspected the respective directions thoughtfully, looking one 
way, and then the other.  No, they were not the same road running both 
ways, but two very distinct and individual streets.
	One was straight, and he could see... something at the end of it. 
All he could make out of it was that it looked thin as paper, and 
fragile as glass....  He realized, it was a heart.  A huge, beating, 
living heart, pumping nothingness through it's beautiful crystaline 
passages.  Was this what he was looking for?  It was as though it was 
beckoning to him with each beat.  But surely if he touched it, or even 
came too close, the object would shatter.  For some reason, he felt sad 
for the beautiful heart of glass.  And down the other road....
	The second road seemed similar, yet it sloped slightly upwards, 
and there was something... different about it.  What was at its end?  
There was certainly something there, a glow, a light, but shielded from 
his view.  Could this be what he was looking for?  He felt it might 
indeed be.  He moved to one side, and then the other, trying to make out
the whatever, but it alluded his vision.  Yet, he still had a strong 
suspision that what he was searching for was up there.  So, with the 
intention of figuring this mystery out, he began making his way up the 
street.
	It seemed to grow inexplicably steeper with each step, and Tenchi 
felt like he had lead attached to his feet.  The obscured glow seemed to
retreat from him like a rainbow.  Suddenly, there was a huge boulder 
blocking his way.  Frustrated, but not in the least bit surprised or 
confused by its presence, Tenchi walked around it.
	There was a figure blocking his path.  A man stood before him, 
barring his way.  He tried to go around the man, but the man apparently 
had no intention of letting him by.
	"Go back," the man said, his voice vague and distant.
	"But I need to go this way," Tenchi protested.
	The man shook his head.  "I'm sorry, you may not past.  Go the 
down the other road.  This road does not need you."
	"Let me through!" Tenchi shouted at the man, and tried to push his
way past him, but the man did not budge.
	"This is for your own good," the man said, as he reached out 
towards Tenchi, his hand ripping through Tenchi's ribcage and retreating
with his heart beating within it.
	In the shocked instant that this happened, Tenchi realized that 
the figure standing before him was himself, and he was standing in front
of a mirror.  He looked down at his own right hand, and saw his own 
heart in it, right before it crumbled to ash and he awoke with a start 
and a terrible inhaling gasp.
	He let the breath out in a quiet sigh as his tense body relaxed.  
Just a dream.  An incredibly strange one, but still a dream.... What was
all this about hearts, and roads, and being lost?
	Tenchi felt a warm body close to his.  A lock of silken hair 
brushed his bare shoulder, caressingly.  Oh.  Of course, it was Ayeka.
	Ayeka!?  Tenchi's mind and heart suddenly raced in time as he 
tried to remember what had happened, why he he was in bed with her.
	Nothing.  He calmed himself.  Ayeka would never do anything like 
that.  Not before the proper arrangements were made.  He smiled at the 
thought of her always right and proper manner, that hid such a tender 
nature.  With Ryoko, it would have no doubt been different....
	Tenchi frowned.  Best not to think of that.
	He rolled over in bed, gazing at Ayeka, serene and lovely in her 
sleep.  They had exchanged their love, but had decided, unspokenly, not 
to consumate it.  Not now, not yet.
	Ayeka shifted, and he heard her whisper in her sleep.  What did 
she dream of?  He saw her frown, her small hand clutched an edge of the 
sheet tightly.  She murmured an unhappy sounding noise.
	Tenchi stroked her cheek lightly.  Poor thing.  Why should he even
consider his own troubles?  She had been through so much more than he 
had that day.  Smiling, Tenchi stroked her soft hair until her 
expression returned to one of tranquil beauty.  Closing his eyes and 
feeling content in her presence, knowing he would keep his silent 
promise not to hurt her and to protect her from harm, Tenchi fell back 
asleep.
	He had made his decision.  He loved Ayeka.
	Didn't he...?

	Now it was Ayeka who was dreaming.  And an odd dream it was.  It 
was her wedding day, and Tenchi stood beside her as her groom.  But it 
was an Earth-style wedding, not a Juraian ceremony.  She wore a white 
dress and a veil, through which Tenchi's figure, clad in a dark suit, 
was slightly indistinct, and she knew that her own face must have been 
completely hidden from view.
	Tenchi was trying to lift the veil to kiss her, but she was 
embarrassed in front of so many people and resisted his advances.  Why 
was she retreating when she had waited for this day her whole life?  Was
she still so afraid of being hurt?
	Finally, he did raise her veil up over her head, and Ayeka was 
startled to see that it was not Tenchi who stood before her.  It was 
Ray.
	"What are you doing here?" Ayeka asked him, alarmed.  "This is 
supposed to be my and Tenchi's wedding!"
	Ray shrugged.  "It's your dream, Lady Ayeka."
	Suddenly, Ray bowed low before her, his head touching his hands 
upon the floor.  Vaguely, with a peripheral portion of her subconscious,
Ayeka noticed that they now stood in the Juraian thrown hall.
	"Princess Ayeka," he said, and he stood again, and now she could 
not tell whether he was Ray or Tenchi.  "I would never do anything to 
hurt you."
	An energy blade suddenly poked through his chest and he collapsed 
on the ground.  Behind him stood... himself, the very same Ray/Tenchi.  
He was laughing wildly, madly even.
	Ayeka was completely bewildered, and even knowing it was a dream 
did not take away some of the fear and confusion caused by what she saw. 
She looked down at the man who lay at her feet, dead, and the one 
standing before her, looking exactly the same.
	But now Ray/Tenchi was serious, not laughing, his eyes grim.
	"I'm sorry, Ayeka," he said.  "It's all my fault."
	His expression still stoicly sullen, he glanced at the dark blade 
in his hand, hefted it, and made as if to cut his own head off.
	Ayeka willed herself awake, and she opened her eyes.  What a 
strange and frightening dream!  Tenchi had changed into Ray at their 
wedding, and as for the rest, completely inexplicable.
	She loved Tenchi, she knew, but what were Ray's feelings for her? 
He seemed to care for her very much, and he seemed almost protective of 
her, at times.  When she thought about it, so did Tenchi.
	That's why she had seen them both in her dream.  They were the 
protective images she held in her mind to ward off the sorrow of what 
had befallen her father.  She could tell from this dream that even her 
own mental pictures of their selves could not immunize her from her own 
deeply felt pain.
	But Tenchi was here.  Ray was far away, but Tenchi was not.  He 
was very close, so close she could look into his face, feel him, smell 
him, touch him.  His arms were about her loosely, still encircling her, 
protecting her from her fear, from her sadness, from anything that might
harm her in this universe.  She moved closer into his embrace, and with 
that knowledge, went easily back to sleep.

	Their arrival back on earth was somewhat of a blur of faces and 
questions, along with an introduction to Kiyone, but much of it was lost
on Tenchi.  Hard as it had been, Tenchi had contacted Ryoko during their
flight from Jurai to discuss the best course of action.  Because of 
Ryoko's rash rescue, they were now certainly being pursued.  Tenchi knew
that the Juraian military would not be allowed to attack earth or any 
part of it; the Galaxy Police would expressly forbid such action against
a pre-contact planet, even one under Juraian jurisdiction.  But Ryoko 
was insistent.  She had been steadfast in her belief that Kumiro would 
not be balked by Galactic authority, and would follow them anyway.  So, 
her face grim and eyes looking readened and strained, she had flown off 
in another direction to lead their pursuit off course.
	Tenchi swung the Tenchi-ken before him.  He felt bad about what 
had happened between him and Ryoko, and it still hurt, but, like Ray 
said, she had seen her share of pain and would get over it in due 
course.  He hoped.
	Tenchi swung again.  Kumiro would be coming, and he needed to be 
prepared to face the man.  The last thing the Emperor had done was to
give Tenchi back this sword, and he had to master it and use its power 
to defeat that evil man that caused him and those he cared for so much 
pain.  He jumped up and spun, landed, and closed his eyes for a moment. 
He could still remember the last soundless words of Azusa.  Tenchi tried
to picture it in his mind, the way the Emperor's mouth had moved, 
utterly silent.  It had looked like he was saying, "I'm sorry."  But the
Emperor wasn't the one who should have been sorry.  How could Tenchi 
ever be forgiven?  He felt that avenging Lord Azusa was his only answer.
	He stood, perfectly still, sweat running down his face, as he 
concentrated on the power he held in his hand.  After a long time of 
standing there, like a perspiring statue, Tenchi retracted the blade.
	He took a deep breath, and looked up at the sky.  It was noon.  
They had arrived late the night before, much earlier than their planned 
return date since they had in effect been running as fast as possible, 
but Ryoko still hadn't returned.  Not that he expected her to return any
time soon, but there was still that nagging worry that she might not 
come back at all.  But she had to....  She always did, didn't she?
	His hand tightened around the Tenchi-ken as he gazed up into the 
icy blue clearness.  He recalled her face to his mind and the way he had
made her cry.  Shaking his head quickly to banish the image, Tenchi 
looked down briefly at the quisient Tenchi-ken in his hand.  He walked 
down to his grandfather's shrine, heading for home.
	Tenchi saw Densuo walking near the shrine, his head bowed and brow
creased in thought.  Though you could never tell with Juraians, the 
young man appeared not much older than Tenchi himself.
	"Hey, Densuo," Tenchi said in as friendly a manner as he could 
muster.  "What are you doing up here?"
	Densuo looked up.  "Oh, Lord Tenchi.  Nothing important, just 
thinking.  Besides, someone has to check on the shrine and tend to it 
while Prince Yosho recovers."
	Tenchi nodded, and the two walked together for a little ways.
	"Now that I've returned I guess you'll be leaving for Jurai again 
soon," Tenchi remarked.
	"Oh, I suppose," Densuo said unconvincingly.  "I find I've grown 
quite fond of... this planet, you know.  I was thinking I might stay 
until this Kumiro Kumanai incident blows over entirely."  He added 
quickly, "That is... if it's all right with you, Lord Tenchi."
	"Of course you can stay," Tenchi smiled.  "If I was about to turn 
you away, none of these other people would be here right now anyway."
	"You are too kind, Lord Tenchi," Densuo thanked him.
	"I know," Tenchi replied with a wry expression.
	"Uh, no, I didn't mean --" the young noble hastily tried to amend.
	"I know what you meant," Tenchi interrupted.  "And I know what I 
meant too.  I _am_ to kind.  It's like a curse sometimes."
	"Kindness is never a curse," Densuo said.  "It's always a blessing
for those around you, and if you ever find it a burden, then you're not 
really kind."
	"Well," Tenchi replied.  "When you get like I am about it your own
kindness seems to end up hurting people.  It's tough."
	Densuo didn't know what Tenchi meant, but decided not to question 
the young prince.  He realized he was thinking in terms of Juraian 
customs, but also decided he didn't care at the moment.
	As the two walked along the edge of the lake, quite unexpectedly, 
a huge Juraian cruiser blasted through the atmosphere and descended to 
the lake, beneath which Densuo's own craft was hidden.
	"Kumiro," Tenchi murmured calmly.  "He came much sooner than I 
expected.  Looks like Ryoko wasn't able to fool him.  Densuo, you had 
better stand back."
	A number of people came running out of the house as a green beam 
of light pierced the air, striking the ground several yards before 
Tenchi.  As expected, out stepped Kumiro Kumanai, a dark cape over his 
shoulders and his own dark sword in hand.
	"Tenchi!" Ayeka called to him from somewhere behind him, but his 
eyes did not waver from the man standing before him.
	"Well, boy," Kumiro said.  "Are you prepared to die?"
	"I am prepared for anything," Tenchi said.
	"Anything?" Kumiro inquired, raising an eyebrow.  He laughed as 
though he found the statement uproariously funny.  "Just who do you 
think you are, boy!  You may be a prince, but I am Kumiro Kumanai.  I am
invincible!"
	Tenchi held up the hilt of the Tenchi-ken before him.
	"My name is Tenchi Masaki," he proclaimed confidently, is face 
unreadable, "named for this sword."
	Kumiro was taken aback for a moment, but very quickly regained his
composure.  "A boy named after the Master Key...?  How... amusing.  You 
may have the name of the sword, but you do not posses within you its 
power, boy," Kumiro said.  "And, even if you did, you would be no match 
for me.  The weapon I hold is superior even to the Master Key."
	"No power is superior to it..." Tenchi argued, his eyes slightly 
wide.
	Kumiro simply laughed.  "Believe what you will, boy-Tenchi, but I 
will still kill you and make myself Emperor of Jurai!"
	Kumiro charged with a roar.  Tenchi blocked, but Kumiro continued 
to press down on him, and Tenchi slowly slid back.  He gritted his teeth
against it and tried to brace himself and push back.  It was no use.
	"See, boy!" Kumiro cried triumphantly.  "My will is far stronger 
than yours.  You cannot win!"
	Kumiro pressed down harder and harder on Tenchi.  The young man 
felt like his skull would crack he was biting down so hard.
	Suddenly, images flashed through Tenchi's mind: Tenchi's 
grandfather, lying bloodied and unconscious on the ground; Ayeka 
sleeping peacefully beside him; her father killed before his eyes; Ryoko
crying, her golden feline eyes full of tears.
	Out of nowhere, Tenchi let out a feral shout, and it was as though
an invisible explosion wafted outward from him.  The Tenchi-ken flashed 
a bright blue and Kumiro suddenly reeled back as though struck.
	"What?" he shouted indignantly, but his confident smile returned. 
"I see you are stronger than you appear, boy."
	With another gutteral, defiant cry, Tenchi launched himself at 
Kumiro, who blocked and riposted.  Tenchi dodged, and struck again, and 
for awhile it seemed like he had the upper hand in the fight.
	Then, Kumiro stuck a hand out a hand and a dark blast of energy 
hit Tenchi full on, knocking him back several paces as he held the 
Tenchi-ken before him for protection.  Kumiro lunged, and with a 
powerful swing, knocked the sword completely from Tenchi's grasp.  As it
flew through the air, Tenchi tried to will it back to his hand, but he 
could not.
	The sword was caught in mid air as the blade dissipated, and 
Tenchi's grandfather stood holding it, still looking like a man in his 
twenties.
	"Yosho," Kumiro said, his eyes narrowing.  "So you are not dead 
after all."
	Yosho said nothing in reply, but he looked to Tenchi.  "Tenchi, 
trust in your own power."
	"I will deal with you later," Kumiro said to Yosho, seemingly 
oblivious to the man's words.
	Kumiro's hand suddenly shot out and grabbed Tenchi by the throat, 
and pain shot through the young man's body as black and blood-red energy
crackled about him.  Tenchi screamed in agony as he felt like his nerves
were on fire, and Kumiro lifted him and tossed him like a rag doll.  He 
landed, his head striking the ground hard, several yards away.
	His vision swam.  Tenchi could vaguely make out the form of Kumiro
slowly approaching him, laughing.  Had he failed?  Why didn't his 
grandfather give him back the sword when he had had the chance?  He 
closed his eyes to keep the world from spinning and dancing around him.
	Sasami, like everyone else, stood in utter helpless horror as a 
chuckling Kumiro slowly advancing on a groaning Tenchi who lay on the 
ground.  "How pathetic..." Kumiro said as though he had a bad taste in 
his mouth.
	There was something terrifyingly familiar about the man, and he 
scared Sasami more than anything she had witnessed beyond the realm of 
nightmares.  The young girl didn't want Tenchi to die, but what could 
she do?
	Sasami shut her eyes tight, and bit her lip.
	*Tsunami...* she prayed.  *Please....*
	Suddenly, Tenchi saw Sasami standing before him in the darkness 
behind his eyelids.
	*Sasami,* he whispered, though he did not feel himself speak.
	*Tenchi, you have to do what your grandfather told you!* she 
implored him, her image the only sane and steady thing in his swimming 
and mixed up mind.
	*What?*  Tenchi was still terribly confused.
	*You have to use the Light Hawk Wings, Tenchi!  'Trust in your own
power,' that's what Yosho said!*  Her voice was urgent.
	*But... but that power killed your father...* Tenchi protested.
	*Tenchi, no!  Kumiro killed Father.  Ayeka told me everything.  
You can't keep blaming yourself Tenchi!  Trust in your power!*
	*I...* Tenchi hesitated, *I _will_ defeat Kumiro!  I will use the 
power of the Light Hawk!*
	*Good luck, Tenchi!* Sasami called as she seemed to fade from view
to be replaced by the beautiful, goddess-like image of Tsunami.
	*Remember,* the second apparition said in that compelling voice, 
*trust in your own power Tenchi... always.*
	Tsunami seemed to float forward through the darkness, and a sudden
thrill, a burst of elated energy, ran through Tenchi as she pressed her 
insubstantial lips to his.
	Abruptly, Tenchi's eyes snapped open.  Kumiro was halfway to 
Tenchi; the exchange had taken less than an instant.
	Tenchi stood and faced his enemy, his eyes cold, his mind clear, 
his strength renewed.
	"I am ready," Tenchi said quietly.
	Startled for a moment by the boy's recovery, Kumiro now grinned.
	"Well then... now you die!!"
	Kumiro charged Tenchi, who stood completely motionless and 
expressionless as the man swung at him.
	And was thrown back in an explosion of white light.  Rolling over 
and getting to his feet, a wide-eyed Kumiro stared in disbelief.
	Tenchi stood in the exact same position, unharmed and suddenly 
clad in pale blue-green battle armor, with rings about the shoulders 
that seemed to be blown by a wind of their own design.  Three wings of 
light floated before him, two arcing upwards at opposite angles, and one 
pointing downward towards the earth.
	Kumiro looked to where Yosho stood holding the Tenchi-ken, and 
back to the boy.  "Light Hawk Wings... but... what is this power!  Where
is it coming from!"  Could the power originate within the boy Tenchi?
	Placing his open palm at the center of the three arcs of light, 
Tenchi closed his hand into a fist, and the Light Hawk Wings folded 
inward to enclose his arm in a long eliptical shaft.  A small line of 
concentration formed between Tenchi's eyebrows and a globe of blue-white
energy shot out from the shaft's end, striking a guarded Kumiro, who 
barely managed to withstand the impact.
	Kumiro laughed nervously, and shouted his defiance, "Is that the 
best you've got, boy!"
	Tenchi did not respond.  The Light Hawk Cannon moved forward, 
disengaging from his arm, and he gripped it's base as it was converted 
into a broad, solid sword of pale, nearly translucent metal.
	Gripping the Light Hawk Sword in his right hand, Tenchi advanced 
confidently on his enemy, his expression still cold.
	Panicking, Kumiro shouted, "No!  No one can defeat the power of 
my sword!"  He thrust his dark blade into the ground, and the same 
rippling wave of black energy that severed a crack in the earth began 
shooting towards Tenchi.
	Calmly, Tenchi drove the point of his own sword into the ground, 
and a similar crack surrounded by a white aura and filled with blue 
energy met Kumiro's half way.  There was a huge explosion that shot 
straight up into the air as both blasts were negated.  Small rocks and 
dirt rained down on Kumiro's head.  His face was a mask of fear.
	"Stay away!" he shouted at Tenchi, but to no avail, for the young 
man removed the Light Hawk Sword from the earth and continued his 
determined march on Kumiro, spanning the distance between them.
	Desperately, Kumiro struck at Tenchi as soon as he was within 
reach.  Two of the three arcs of light appeared as if out of nowhere 
in front of Tenchi, both perpendicular to the ground, and spun on their 
axis so that one blocked Kumiro's attack.
	Kumiro was speachless.  Sweat ran down his face.  He struck again 
and again the Light Hawk wings swung around to block his attack.
	Lifting his sword over his head, Tenchi brought it down upon 
Kumiro's own blade.  The Light Hawk Sword cut right through Kumiro's 
dark blade, passing through the man's body with little resistance.
	The evil lord stood for a moment, his face showing the pain and 
fear he had caused so many other people, his eyes bulging in shock, 
before he fell over on his back.  Then, he exploded in a huge blast of 
dark energy that engulfed Tenchi.
	When the black smoke cleared, Tenchi stood, his sword gone but 
still clad in his battle Light Hawk Armor, head bowed, eyes closed, and 
completely unharmed.
	After the loud explosion, there was a far more deafening silence, 
which was finally broken by a shout from nearby.
	"Tenchi, I knew you could do it!"
	Tenchi looked up to see Ryoko floating beside the other members of
the household.
	"Ryoko," he said, not letting any emotion enter his voice.
	Ryoko smiled and started flying towards him, but Ayeka caught a 
hold of her leg.
	"Miss Ryoko, where are you going!" Ayeka demanded, holding on to 
Ryoko's calf as though for dear life.
	"Hey, let go!  I'm going to say hello to Tenchi!  I've been gone 
so long, he must have missed me _so_ much.  I'll be the first to 
congratulate him!"
	"Oh no you will not!" Ayeka retorted, "haven't you forgotten --!" 
she didn't finish, as both women's heads turned at the sound of Sasami's
voice.
	"Tenchi, I was so scared!" she was crying as she hugged Tenchi.  
"I thought you were going to die, Tenchi!"
	Ryoko and Ayeka suddenly forgot their disagreement as they both 
began glaring certain death at the small girl, their faces twitching.
	"It's okay now, Sasami," Tenchi said, hugging her back.  "I'm fine
now.  Thanks for helping me."
	"Oh... well, that was Tsunami really, but you're welcome Tenchi."
	Everyone gathered around Tenchi, congratulations, back-pats, and 
exclamations of celebration and relief were shared all around.
	Just a few paces away, Ray bent down and cautiously picked up 
Kumiro's fallen sword, all that remained of the man, and turned it over 
slowly in his hands.  It was as he had suspected.  With Kumanai blood in
his veins, he could handle the weapon.  Like the Tenchi-ken, it was made
to respond only to a member of a certain genetic line.  He belonged to 
that line, now possibly the last or one of the last members, and almost 
certainly the only man in the universe that could touch the thing.  By 
default, the powerful Juraian weapon was his.  He wondered if he'd ever 
find a use for it.  What with his own powers, he doubted it.

	Tsunami disliked interfering with the natural order of the
universe, especially when it involved manipulating people.  But Tsunami
was also well aware of the force that was searching for her, and for 
Washu as well, a force that surely sought her downfall.  This power,
this being, whom she knew all too well, had no inhibitions about using
mortals as its tools.
	For thousands upon thousands of years, Tsunami, from whom all 
Juraian trees had originated, had been preparing for the time when this 
powerful being finally discovered her hiding place.  Here, on this 
mortal plane of existence, the only tools one really had were mortals.
	So, Tsunami had been forced to disrupt the lives of the people of 
the universe in order to prevent its destruction.  The people she wished
to save had become her only weapons.
	And now, at the hour of need, when her enemy was at hand, it 
appeared as though her plans had finally come to fruition.  A potential 
savior, a mortal, had manifested himself, not in the form of an emperor,
a great leader, or a mighty warrior, but as a young boy.  A boy who was 
so inconspicuous, like a mote of dust in the vast cosmos, that Tsunami 
had only recently discovered his existence.
	But now her enemy must know of his existence as well.  Tsunami's 
champion had defeated her enemy's champion; the boy had won his right to
ascend to the throne of Jurai.
	The potential for power locked inside him was greater even than 
Prince Yosho's.  But Tsunami feared that like Yosho he might choose to 
deny his right to the throne.  Yosho had had the uncanny power of will 
to break away from his fate; there was something within the man, a power
beyond that which Tsunami had imbued him with, that was almost 
frightening to her, simply because she could not comprehend it.  This 
latent force was even stronger in this boy, and it gave him the 
disconcerting, almost supra-mortal ability to unwittingly defy much of 
Tsunami's understanding. 
	His actions were also even more difficult to predict than Yosho's.
His future was a blur, as though he had an unusual amount of control 
over his fate, beyond that of any other mortal.  Free will was 
universal, but when you had the level of clairvoyance and depth of 
understanding of the universe and future that Tsunami had, almost any 
act of free will could be predicted.
	Tenchi, named for Heaven and Earth, after the Master Key, the 
powerful tool that linked the mortal and immortal planes and allowed the
power of gods to be made manifest in the realm of men.  With all her 
power, this boy still remained much of a mystery to her.
	She had exercised her real influence only a few times.  Guiding 
Princess Ayeka to Yosho was her doing.  The princess had been easy to 
predict; she had fallen in love with Tenchi, and hopefully would lead 
him to the Juraian throne.  But even in light of recent events, that 
pointed towards Tenchi's returning these feelings, Tsunami could not be 
sure.  What of Washu's daughter?  The future in that direction was a fog
of questions and conjectures.  As Washu's creation, Ryoko also illuded 
Tsunami's complete comprehension, but that was expected as she was by 
nature more than human.  There was an unexplainable but undeniable 
connection, a bond almost, between her and Tenchi.  Would Tenchi go 
against his fate because of her?
	Tsunami had paved the path of his fate before him, and it led to 
the throne, but it seemed as though it made no difference to him, as 
though he might, or might not, simply blaze his own path.  This had 
brought an unfamiliar concept to Tsunami's attention: destiny.  Not the 
fate of an individual as prescribed by the natural order, but destiny as
forged by the shear will of an individual.  Before now, Tsunami had 
disregarded the idea as relatively non-existent, since mortals acted 
according to their nature, making them predictable.  Yet Tenchi's will 
certainly was strong, and his nature uncertain; if anyone could make 
destiny a reality, it was this boy.  Tenchi's own will, not the natural 
order, seemed to be in control of his future, making him truly, like no 
other mortal, master of his own fate.
	Fate and destiny now hung in the balance.  Which direction would 
Tenchi take, and how would it effect the future of the rest of the 
universe?  For one of the first times in her memory, the future became 
frighteningly clouded and uncertain, and it made Tsunami feel just like 
the little girl with whom she shared her soul and essence.

To be continued... don't miss Chapter 5!
Author's Notes:  Yes, this was a long chapter, and YES, there will 
indeed be a chapter 5.  I suppose you're wondering what I will do in 
this coming chapter, what with Kumiro dead.  Well, you'll have to read 
the chapter to find out, won't you =).  Trust me, it won't be an after
thought, a footnote, an epilogue, or an anti-climax, it will be a true 
and good final resolution to the story, with a few surprises.  Nothing's
over yet.  Also, PLEASE give me your comments, especially on the last 
passage about Tsunami, since I added it in later, after I'd already 
started chapter 5 (yes, I have started it).  As a general reminder, 
while I don't own any of the characters from any of the Tenchi series, I
did create the characters of Riuroshi "Ray" Kumanai, Kumiro Kumanai, Mia
Fushiro, Densuo Tsumei, and this story, which is Copyright (c) 2001 by 
Master Kodama, so please don't plagiarize!
Comments and Concerns to: master_kodama@yahoo.com
or visit my website: http://master_kodama.tripod.com/
