	7/17/00
     
     	Disclaimer: Tenchi Muyo! and it's characters are
   not mine. They are owned by Pioneer/AIC (I think). I
   found them, and I'm just having a little fun with
   them. I'm not trying to make any money with them. This
   is simply for my own entertainment. Well, I hope it
   entertains a few others also, possibly. But please, do
   not sue me. OK? Pretty please?


      This is version two of this fic, I've fixed the 
   formating problems with the original, and corrected 
   some spelling errors. As to the content of the fic,
   well...I left that alone. 

      I basically wrote this for myself, to try out a 
   couple of different styles and premises. I'm well aware
   that it's basic premise is *very* far fetched, but that
   was the idea; put the characters in a ridiculous 
   situation and follow it to it's conclusion. It tends
   jump around a bit, I hope it's not too jarring. 
   I think it has a couple of nice moments, though it
   does have it's weaknesses. Oh well, take it for what it
   is.

   P.S. You should at watch OVA Eps.8 first or you're going 
   to think Tenchi and I are total pervs.

  





	       "TROUBLE, WITH A TWIST OF LIME"
			 
			      by, Trey




     BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! BEEP!
     
     The alarm clock on Tenchi's nightstand was going off. It was
five A.M., time to get up and tend the fields. But this
particular morning Tenchi felt more like dying quietly in bed.
The alarm hammered away in his skull like the pummeling hand of
a giant, with a desperate effort he lunged for the off switch. He
lay sprawled for a moment, waiting for the room to stop spinning.

     What the hell had he done last night?
     
     He clawed his way back into the inviting warmth of his bed,
grabbed a handful of sheets and rolled over. His fogged mind took
several moments before realizing that he had come to rest against
something, a warm something. With an almost superhuman effort, he
managed to pry his eyelids apart. 

     The 'something' groaned and started to come into focus.
     The sight that greeted him was a pair of bloodshot eyes
looking back. In a detached sort of way his mind registered this
and tried to make some sense of it. 

     "There's someone in the bed with you, you idiot!", the
little Tenchi in the back of his mind yelled, slapping him awake.

"Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!", he managed, as he
gracefully tumbled from the bed, landing on his head.
 
     The room commenced to spin again, gradually cycling down, as
the figure on the bed shot bolt upright.
     
     "TENCHI!?!", a voice said, in shock.
     
     Suddenly, boosted by adrenaline, his brain started
functioning enough to recognized the figure perched upon the bed.

     "WASHU!?!", he gurgled, in disbelief.

     The next thing to register was the fact that he was lying on
the floor of his bedroom, legs still resting on the bed,
completely naked. Washu was in the process of making a similar
discovery concerning her own state of dress.

     "OH, MY GOD!", they cried in tandem.
     
     A strange moment of calm settled, as their wide eyes met.
The following seconds warped into an eternity as they each
feverishly tried to reconstruct the circumstances that had led to
this unlikely situation. 
     Unfortunately, both drew complete blanks.
     
     The momentary paralysis ended abruptly. Tenchi's hand shot
out grabbing the sheets in an attempt to cover himself, and an
impromptu, frenzied tug-of-war ensued. Tenchi, emerging
victorious, wrapped himself and shakily got to his feet as Washu
rolled off the opposite side of the bed. She reemerged, hugging a
pillow in an attempt at modesty, her blushing visible even in the
darkened room.

     "Tenchi?"
     "Washu! What the hell are you doing here?", he angrily
growled.
     "Where are we?", she said, more than a little confused.
     "In my bedroom!"
     "Your....?", she looked around, trying to get her bearings.
     
     Little flashes of the previous night's havoc began to come
to them, as they stood surveying the shambles of the room.
Mattress askew, bits of clothing strewn here and there. 

     An empty bottle of Tequila bottle lying on the dresser, next
to some discarded lime peels.
     
     Suddenly, the realization set in. Their eyes locked once
more, growing wide.

     "We were...!", Washu exclaimed.
     "Did we...?", Tenchi asked.
     "How could....?", Washu argued.
     "Didn't you...?",Tenchi pleaded.
     "But you...!", Washu accused.
     "I didn't...!", Tenchi denied.
     "We did...!", Washu insisted.
     
     "Oh, my god.", Tenchi finally agreed.

     Washu fell to her knees leaning on the bed, as Tenchi
dropped heavily to the floor holding his pounding head. 

     "I remember... something about a...carrot..?", he mumbled,
slowly shaking his head.
     
     Washu frantically began rummaging through the debris trying
to find some of her discarded clothing.
     
     "Tenchi.", she said quietly, pulling on the shorts she had
found.
     "Tenchi!,", she hissed again, trying to get his attention.
"I'm going to sneak downstairs before anyone wakes up." 
     She quickly pulled on her top and collected the rest of her
clothes.
     Hurrying to the door, she stopped and turned around to look
at him.

          "I...", she began, not knowing what to say. "We..."
     He sat with his head bowed and didn't meet her eyes.
     "We'll figure this out in the morning..., together.", she
said, trying to reassure herself as much as him.
     Tenchi turned to look at the door as she closed it behind
her, his mind going in circles.
     Giving in to the chaos, he got to his feet, stumbled to the
bed and promptly flopped face down onto it. All he wanted now was
the blissful ignorance of sleep.
     "Please let this be a dream.", he begged.


                    *********************


     As stealthily as she could, Washu weaved her way down the
hall, each creak of the floor boards as loud as an atomic blast.
     'Please, oh please, let Ryoko be asleep!', she pleaded with
whatever powers might be listening.
     'If she catches me and figures this out, I'm dead!'

     Right now, she thought, I might just deserve killing.
 
     How the hell had this happened? The previous evening was a
blur.
     
     Just as she was passing, the door on her left opened.

     "Washu?", a voice said.

     Washu's body and heart tried simultaneously to leap in two
directions at once. After a few agonizing seconds her heart began
beating again, she slowly turned her head.

     Sasami stood in the doorway rubbing her eyes.
     "What are you doing here?", she said, sleepily.
     
     "Uh..."
     
     'Come on genius think!'
     
     "I...uh."
     She looked around, her eyes finally falling on the bundle in
her arms.
     "I just had to get some laundry I left up here."
     
     'Way to go genius, if you look up 'lame' in the dictionary
you'll probably find that particular excuse.'

     -'Shut up!, stupid subconscious, you're not helping!'-


     But Sasami just yawned.
     
     "Doing laundry? I figured you'd be asleep for sure, after
last night.", she said, as she padded past on the way to the
bathroom.
     "Oh, Washu? Do you know your shirt's on inside out?", she
said before closing the bathroom door.


     Washu made her way, heart pounding, to the stairs. Hugging
the wall for support. Down she crept, into the family room. All
was quiet. Well, not exactly. Mihoshi's snoring battled for
supremacy with Ryoko's, echoing out of the beams overhead. Just a
few more steps and she was home free.


     "Made it!" she sighed, leaning against the closed door. 

     Safely inside her lab, she made her way to her private, and
seldom used, quarters. She dumped her burden in a heap on the
floor and shakily walked to the bed. She sat down on the edge
with her head in her hands.

     "Oh, what have I done?", she muttered to herself. 
     
     Painfully, it was all coming back now. She remembered
drinking, a lot of drinking. It involved a singularly strange
game Mihoshi had found on the Internet. Having to do with
watching some horrible American movie called, "Scarface", and
drinking an equally horrible liquor called Tequila. Every time
the lead character in the movie said the english word 'F--k', you
had to drink, not too difficult. Apparently it was played at
American colleges, which explained a lot really. 
     
     It had seemed like a good idea at the time. Nobiyuki had
even managed to get Tenchi involved, that was a first. A
challenge from Ryoko had gotten Washu to par take as well.
Everybody had been looking for an excuse to unwind and this was
the chance. The thing nobody had counted on was just how often
the guy in the film was going to say 'F--k'. It was every other
word he said! It was amazing how many ways he used it. As an
adjective, a verb, a noun, a pronoun, did Americans really talk
like that? 
     A half hour into the movie casualties began to mount. First
Nobiyuki was help away by a staggering Lord Katsuhito. They left
loudly singing some song about goblins...badly. Not too long
after that Sasami came to collect a seriously intoxicated Ayeka.
She had slurred something to the effect of having to keep an eye
on her Tenchi. Washu could remember promising her that she would
take good care of him.

     'Well, apparently I've done that.', she thought,
disparagingly.

     Four contestants were left and Washu was keeping up with the
bottomless pits of Ryoko and Mihoshi. You didn't live to be her
age without learning how to hold your liquor. Surprisingly,
Tenchi seemed to be holding his own, as well. Pretty soon they
were all laughing like idiots, doing their worst imitations of
the ridiculously violent movie's, over-the-top dialogue.
     About that time, Tenchi, more or less a stranger to alcohol,
had begun commenting very loudly on how this Tequila stuff wasn't
so bad, and that he really didn't feel any different. At least
she was pretty sure that was what he had been saying, he seemed
to be speaking some foreign language at the time. It was at that
point that she decided Tenchi had abused himself enough for one
night. She had to admit that she wasn't feeling to well either,
for that matter.
     
     It had been a real trial getting Tenchi on his feet, he had
a death grip on a bottle of Tequila and a handful of limes, which
he refused to let go. Her next obstacle had been fending off
Ryoko's burning desire to help. 
     She could handle him, she reassured Ryoko. Washu hadn't
wanted HER to do anything foolish, that was a laugh.

     'Doctor, heal thy self!'

     Washu practically had the carry the drunkenly giggling
Tenchi up the stairs. Soon she was giggling as well, at their
comical efforts to walk anything even resembling a strait line.
They managed to get through the door to Tenchi's room only to
collapse in a tangled heap inside. It was just to much, they had
both burst out laughing at that point. Washu, tears in her eyes,
had struggled to her feet. She glared down at a whooping Tenchi,
hands on her hips. She had grabbed him by an ankle, and began
dragging the helpless Tenchi across the room. This only helped to
set off renewed bouts of laughter, punctuated by Tenchi taking
slugs from the bottle, still firmly clutched in his hand.

     Finally making it to the bed, Washu dropped his ankle and
pulled back the sheets. Then she set about helping the rolling
Tenchi to his feet, he was a lot heavier than he looked. After
several aborted attempts she managed to swing him around and flip
him onto the bed. She pulled his slippers off and then had
climbed on top of him, in a laughing attempt at wrestling the
bottle and limes from him. 
     And then...


     And then it happened.

     She hadn't planned on it. It just happened, the two of them
playfully wrestling, when suddenly it became more than just
playful. She wasn't even sure who had made the first move. Sure,
she liked Tenchi, but she had never really thought of him 'that
way'. Not the way the girls felt about him. He was so sweet, in
his innocence.

     'The innocence I've stolen from him.', she thought, with a
sickening feeling.

     She fell back on her bed, an arm draped across her eyes.  

     
     These people were all she had, she loved them so much. It
had been a long time since she had a real family. Her own had
been destroyed long ago by events beyond her control. After that
she had tried to convince herself that she didn't need anyone.
But that was a lie and she knew it. Then she had created Ryoko,
only to have her taken away by Kagato, and she got to experience
the pain of loss all over again. It seemed to be her lot in life.

     
     But she had been happy, truly happy here, for the first time
in millennia. Reunited with her lost daughter. Surrounded by
people who loved her and accepted her, even with all her
eccentricities.
     Now she had done this. She knew what this would do to Ryoko
and Ayeka, if they ever found out. They would never forgive her.
     She wasn't a child, no matter what she looked like. She knew
the repercussions of her actions.
     
     "How could I have done something so stupid!", she said,
angrily punching a fist into the mattress.

     Tears rolled down her cheeks.
     
     Machines, she could fix. Need a gadget to snuff out a sun,
she was your girl. She was a genius all right, but how could she
possibly fix this?

     Exhaustion and the lingering effects of the alcohol finally
won out, as she quietly cried herself to sleep.



                    ***********************

                                   
     With a toddling Ryo-Ohki helping, Sasami went about the
business of fixing lunch, hoping it wasn't going to go to waste
like the breakfast she had made. 

     "Good morning...Sasami.", Mihoshi said, entering the
kitchen.

     "Oh good, you're awake! I was starting to think you and
Ryoko were going to sleep all afternoon!", Sasami said with a
smile, taking a taste from one of the pots. "You're just in time
for lunch."
     
     Mihoshi grimaced.

     "Could I have some tea please Sasami?", she asked, not
sounding like her usual chipper self.
     
     After a night on the couch Mihoshi's hair looked like a work
of modern art, and the cushions had left some interesting
patterns on her face.

     "You don't look so good. Are you feeling okay?", Sasami
asked, a little concerned.

     "I'll be all right," she said, forcing a smile. "I think maybe
a bath would wake me up."

     "You and me both.", Ryoko said, yawning as she materialized
in the kitchen. "Ugh...It tastes like Ryo-Ohki slept in my mouth
last night!"

     "Miya!", Ryo-Ohki said, looking offended.

     "I know, I was only kidding.", she said, giving her furry
friend a pat on the head.

     Sasami fixed them both cups of tea, which they sipped
suspiciously, unsure as to whether it would stay down or not.

     "Where is everyone?", Ryoko asked, in between sips.

     "Well," Sasami said, handing Ryo-Ohki a carrot. "Ayeka's
been up for a while, I think she may be out in the garden. But I
haven't seen Tenchi or Washu yet."

     "I'm not surprised, we really tied one on last night.", she
said, making a face. "Tenchi was drinking like a fish! I hope 
he's OK."

	'...haven't seen Tenchi...yet.'
	
     "Maybe I should check on him.", she said, worriedly. 

     She took a step back, reappearing an instant later in the
hallway outside Tenchi's door. She knocked. 

     "Tenchi?", she called quietly.

     No answer. She leaned in, phasing her head through the door,
to take a look around.

     "Tenchi?", she whispered. She knew he hated when she spied
on him like this. But he was fast asleep under a mound of sheets,
and snoring like a freight train. She smiled.
     'Well, he seems to have survived.', she thought, with a
chuckle.

     This was the first time she'd ever seen Tenchi, capital 'D',
Drunk. He'd been so funny. 
     Well, maybe this was a good sign, he was finally loosening
up a bit. He was so serious all the time, how could anyone go
through life like that? He never had any fun, it wasn't healthy.
     She tried to liven things up for him, but he was so stodgy.
Half the time she only succeeded in making him mad. But any
attention from him was good attention, as far as she was
concerned. 
     She knew, somewhere deep down he loved her, he never stayed
mad at her for long. 
     But winning him over had turned out to be harder than she
ever would have believed possible. Not that she was worried about
failing and loosing him to someone else. That just wasn't going
to happen.

     
     A wistful smile crossed her face as she took one last look.
She stepped backwards into the hallway, then took another step
back, reappearing in the kitchen. 
     
     Mihoshi was gone. Sasami was holding Ryo-Ohki hands, while
Ryo-Ohki stood on Sasami's feet, both giggled as Sasami took
dancing steps around the kitchen.

     Sasami noticed Ryoko watching them.
     
     "Oh, Ryoko. How's Tenchi?", she said, brightly.

     "Still sleeping. Can't say I'm surprised.", she said.
     "Where'd Mihoshi go?" 

     "She went to take a bath. There's still time before lunch is
ready, if you want to take one too."

     Ryoko gave her sleeve a sniff. 'Yuck!,' she thought.' A
bath's not such a bad idea.', 

     "How long do I have?", she asked Sasami.

     "Twenty minutes?"

     "No problem. I'll be back soon!", she said, as she zipped
off.
     


                    ***********************


     Ryo-Ohki happily munched away at a plate of glazed carrots.
The girls sat around the table, picking at their lunches, still
trying to recover from the previous nights festivities. Except
for Sasami, and Ryoko, who was plowing through her third helping.


     "Come on Ayeka, you have to eat something.", Sasami begged.

     "Maybe later Sasami.", she said, sipping a cup of broth. She
looked distinctly green.

     "Feeling a little under the weather, princess?", Ryoko said
through a mouthful of rice, unable to pass up the chance to
needle her.

     "This is the normal reaction to being poisoned.", she said,
shooting Mihoshi a look. "Thank you, Mihoshi!"

     Mihoshi, who wasn't feeling any better than Ayeka, looked
back embarrassed.

     "Maybe you should stick to Sake and leave the stronger stuff
to those of us who can handle it.", Ryoko replied, snickering.

     "Well, those of us who aren't Monsters, don't have that
special organ of yours that helps you digest poisons!", she said,
as steely eyed as she could manage.

     "Oh, please! Mothers milk could put you under the table,
Ayeka!"
 
     "I know!" Ryoko said, smiling sweetly and picking up a
pitcher, "How about a nice glass of water?"

     Ayeka sat fuming, Sasami and Mihoshi looking back and forth
between the two of them worriedly.

     "Please...don't fight.", Sasami pleaded.


     Just then a figure appeared at the bottom of the stairs.


     "Tenchi!", Sasami said happily, drawing the other girls
attention.     "You're just in time for lunch!"

     Sasami got up and ran over to him. Taking him by the hand,
she led him to the table.

     "Tenchi!", Ryoko said, with a knowing grin, "How are you?"

     "Lord Tenchi!", Ayeka said smiling happily.

     "Hi, Tenchi!", Mihoshi piped up.

     "Miya!", Ryo-Ohki added, not wanting to be left out.

     "Uh...Hi.", he said quietly, not meeting anyone's glance.

     "Feeling well enough to eat, Tenchi?", Ryoko said, patting
the cushion next to her. "Have a seat."

     Sasami sat back down, leaving Tenchi nervously standing
there.
 

     "Tenchi?", Ayeka said, studying him curiously for a moment,
"Have you been working out? I hadn't noticed before how muscular
you've gotten."

     Tenchi fidgeted, now being scrutinized by the other girls. 

     Ryoko looked him over closely. 
     
     "Hey, I hadn't even noticed! I guess all that practice is
starting to pay off.", she said laughing. "You've worked off all
that baby fat."

     Tenchi shuffled his feet, looking at ground.

     "He looks so virile, doesn't he?", Mihoshi observed,
giggling.

     Tenchi was practically dancing in place now.

     "STOP IT!", he suddenly snapped, stunning everyone.

     
     "I...I have to go!", he said sharply. Turning on his
heels,he briskly stomped away, leaving the group in shocked
silence.

     "Tenchi?", Sasami said, as he left.

     "Tenchi?", the others asked.

     "What just happened?", a confused Ryoko asked.

     "Tenchi! We weren't making fun of you!", Ayeka stood and
called after him.   "Honest!"

     They looked around at one another.

     "Did I say something wrong?", Mihoshi asked.

     "Tenchi?", Ryoko called, getting up to go after him.


                    *********************


     With the devil's own timing, a bedraggled Washu timidly
opened the door to her lab. Only to find an angry Tenchi bearing
down on her. She stepped out, catching his attention. But upon
seeing Washu, he changed direction and quickened his pace in an
attempt to avoid her. Washu stepped out in front of Tenchi,
stopping him. 


     "Tenchi?", she said, holding him by his arms. "We should
talk."

     He turned his head away, not looking at her.
     "What's there to talk about, Washu?", he said, icily.

     Washu hurried on, seeing Ryoko coming from the far room. 

     "About...last night?", she said, quietly.

     His head snapped around, as he fixed her with withering
stare.

     "What, you mean about how you seduced me?", he rasped. 
"I thought you were different, Washu. I won't make that mistake
again!"

     She back away as if she'd been slapped, but he wasn't
finished with her yet. He stalked forward.

     "I didn't realize you'd just been waiting for the chance to
do a little personal 'Experimentation' with your 'Guinea pig'! ",
he whispered venomously. "Write a paper on it, maybe you'll be
able to get it published!"
     His voice was starting to crack.

     "Tenchi!", she cried, shocked tears streaming down her face.
     "Tenchi, I never..."

     But he pushed past her, heading for the front door.

     

     Ryoko arrived just in time to see a hysterical Washu bolt
into her lab, and a storming Tenchi slam the front door.

     "Washu?", Ryoko called, looking back and forth. "Tenchi?"

     She tried the door to Washu's lab, but it was locked up
tight. She knocked, but there was no answer. 

     'What the hell's going on around here!', she worried.


                    **********************

     "Tenchi?, Tenchi!", He could hear Ryoko and Ayeka calling in
the distance. 

     His legs pumped, quickly putting distance between himself
and his house. Up the shrine stairs he ran, and off into the
woods. Finally stopping when a stitch in his side made it
impossible to continue.
     Trembling, gasping for breath, he stood doubled over, hands
on his knees. A clammy sweat clung to him. 
     He thought he was going to be sick.

     Why had he said those horrible things? He knew in his heart
he didn't believe what he had said to her. Washu hadn't deserved
that.

     He angrily drew a sleeve across his brow and began to walk,
aimlessly.
     
     He knew he was at least as responsible for this as Washu
was. 
     He supposed that something had been bound to happen sooner
or later. But he had never expected anything like this.     
     
     Washu?!?
     
     He never even suspected she had any interest in him beyond
her curiosity about his powers. Sure, she sometimes flirted with
him just like the girls, and there was that 'testing' incident in
the lab, but he thought she did those thing more to get Ryoko's
and Ayeka's goats than for any other reason. Was it really
possible that she'd been hiding deeper feelings for him?

     He wasn't sure how to feel about it all.



     He'd gone from famine to feast. From a high school geek who
had never even been on a date before, to living in a house full
of beautiful exotic woman. This typical teenage fantasy had
turned out to be more like a nightmare, when they had turned
their attentions to him. 
     Now, all that attention he got made him feel uneasy, to say
the least. Gone were the quiet days he used to have, gone was his
privacy, and as he realized early on, gone were any real
possibilities for romance.
     After he had gotten over the shock of the whole situation,
and really got to know the girls, he had discovered just how much
he liked each of them. They were each unique in so many ways. He
couldn't imagine life without them now. They were his friends,
more friends than he had ever had in his entire life. 
     
     He wasn't a fool, he knew Ayeka and Ryoko definitely wanted
more, probably Mihoshi as well. 


     He had thought about the possibilities, who wouldn't? It
always came down to, choosing one of the girls and crushing the
others, or keeping things the way they were and dealing with the
consequences. 
     He gotten pretty good at ignoring all the flirting, the
thinly veiled innuendoes (extremely thinly veiled in Ryoko's
case), the bickering and the constant 'one-upsmanship', Ryoko and
Ayeka engaged in. He had made a decision, and he was prepared to
deal with the consequences of it. If he wanted them all to stay,
he was going to have to live with it.

     'What do they see in me?, he wondered, not for the first
time. 'Do I give off some strange pheromone that alien woman find
irresistible?'


     At least there was Sasami, the kid sister he never had. Life
around here wouldn't have been nearly as tolerable without her
constant good humor. And Mihoshi, who was good natured to a
fault, so completely guileless. If only she'd stop crashing into
the lake, she be more of a joy to have around.
 

     And then there was Washu.
     
 
     Washu was an enigma. How else do you describe a twenty
thousand year old woman who hides in the guise of a twelve year
old girl?
     Her appearance was pretty convincing too, until she opened
her mouth. Half the time you had to reach for the dictionary just
to figure out what she was talking about. 
     Plus she was Ryoko's Mother/Creator/Designer, however you
wanted to describe it. Ryoko was definitely having trouble coming
to grips with that. He could sympathize, many children are
'planned', but how many were planned on a computer?
     
     Washu never talked about how it all happened, how Ryoko had
been captured by Kagato, or how she came to be imprisoned in his
ship. 
     
     In fact she rarely talked about herself at all. The time she
ended up watching Taro, was the only time he'd ever learned
anything really personal about Washu. He'd even seen the 'real'
Washu that day. Under that childlike exterior was actually a very
 attractive adult woman. That had been a shock! 
     Of course, she had made an awkward moment even more
unnerving by immediately attempting to seduce him in the most
ridiculous way. 

     He chuckle to himself as he walked. 
     
     In retrospect it was pretty funny really. Of course it had
driven Ryoko and Ayeka nuts, which Washu had intended all along.
She definitely had a bit of a sadistic streak, and she loved to
bait the girls whenever she had the chance.

     Thinking back on it, he supposed that the memories, of the
life she had lost, even all these years later, were still too 
painful to think about. So she had done something outrageous, 
something to hide the fact that she was fallible, and maybe more 
vulnerable that she would like to admit, even to herself.



     The wind whistling through the trees drew his attention to
his surroundings. His wanderings had brought him to Funaho's
glen. He stopped to study the ancient tree, sitting on it's
island in the center of the pond. Wonder stories hung from cords
wrapped around it's trunk. For centuries, sensing the power of
this place, visitors to the shrine had come to hang their prayers
and wishes in long chains from the tree, hoping that they 
would be answered. He had a couple wishes of his own he would 
have liked to add to the collection.

     Using the stepping stones he walked out to the little
island. He ran his hand along the rough bark, looking up into the
trees gnarled limbs. 
     It was hard to imagine that this tree was once the heart of
an interstellar spaceship. But he knew for a fact it was, Ayeka
had once played back the ships memory for him. He had seen his
grandfather and Ryoko battling not far from this very spot, long,
long ago.

     He sighed.

     His life had gotten so strange. Things that a few years ago
would have seemed completely ludicrous, now were common place.
Flying aliens, trees that were really spaceships, swords of
light, thousand year-olds who looked like kids, a
cat/rabbit/spaceship that had a thing for carrots, lighthawk
wings, galactic empires, and there was more just around the
corner he was sure. 

     He sat down on one of Funaho's knobby roots and looked out
across the glade. It was so peaceful here, so far from
civilization. All that could be heard was the wind and calling of
the birds. 

     Isolated. 

     That was how he felt, isolated.

     There wasn't even anyone outside of the household he could
talk to about his problems. Even if he could find someone to
listen they'd probably think he was crazy, he knew he would. 
     
     He was trapped in his own strange little world, and it had
just gotten even stranger. 


               ************************************


     The door to Washu lab opened quietly. Washu emerged, puffy
eyed, but determined. She knew what she had to do. 
     Thankfully, there didn't appear to be anyone around. She 
headed off towards the kitchen.

     "Washu?", It was Ryoko, she'd been waiting for her.

     "'Mom'?", she said, materializing in front of her.
     
     Washu looked into her daughter's face. She saw a mixture of
worry and suspicion. 

     "Mom... what's wrong with Tenchi?", she said quietly, but
power was seething just below the surface. "You know...don't
you?" 
     
     Washu returned her gaze unblinking, as Ryoko searched her
face for answers. 

     "Yes.", she replied.

     A tense moment passed as they stood motionlessly regarding
one another. Ryoko waited with growing impatience for her to
elaborate.

     "You're going to tell me about it, aren't you?", Ryoko said,
her face expressionless, her voice deadly serious. It was a
command, not a request.

     Washu calmly looked her in the eyes.
     
     "No. I'm not."

     Their eyes locked, and every muscle in Ryoko's body seemed 
to bulge as she tensed. Had she been anyone else Washu was sure
she'd have been dead by now. Ryoko glared at her, her eyes yellow
slits of fire.

     "You WILL tell me! Now!", she hissed through her teeth, 
looming over Washu, her fists clenched at her sides, an aura of 
energy crackling about her.

     "No Ryoko, I can't, and I won't.", she replied sincerely,
her face placid.

     Tears of frustration in her eyes, it was all Ryoko could do
to keep from destroying the woman in front of her. Something had
happened, she'd done something to Tenchi, something with Tenchi,
she knew it, without a doubt. She wanted to hit her, to throttle
the answer out of her. She wanted to know...but she didn't. 
     Washu just stood there, serenely waiting for her fate to be
decided. Looking up at her with that expression in her eyes, an
expression so foreign to Ryoko, one she hated seeing in those
eyes. 

     Love.

     This woman/child before her, the one who claimed to be her
mother. A mother she'd never known. One she had long ago decided
she never had, and didn't need.
     
     Love she didn't need, and never wanted.


               ********************************


     All those centuries spent with Kagato ravaging the galaxy as
his favorite weapon. She done such horrible things, things she
didn't like to remember, but couldn't forget. It didn't matter if
she had been under Kagato's control, she had done those things
with her own hands. How do you forget the expression in the eyes
of a person you've just killed with your bare hands, their last
gasp of surprise as death took them. Those eyes would haunt her
forever. 
     It had been easier to think of herself as just another
machine, like any on the ship. Just another weapon to be wielded,
then sheathed when the battle was finished. That was how Kagato
treated her, and she began to think of herself that way as well.
It was the only way she could survive, to believe that she
emotionless, that she wasn't...human.
     
     Then came Kagato's ill fated attack on Jurai and her battle
with Yosho. He'd defeated her...or had she allowed herself to be
beaten? But she hadn't died. He'd stripped the gems from her,
leaving her powerless and imprisoned in that cave. Those long
years spend in that cave, aware but helpless, with nothing but
her horrible memories to keep her company. It had been much worse
than death. Sometimes she would pray for death, but her body
wouldn't let that happen. She could live forever like that,
desiccated, a husk, she realized. She didn't need food, water, or
even air to survive. And she had a whole eternity of existence
like that to look forward to.
   During her darkest moments, she thought that perhaps this was a
     just punishment for the wrongs she had done. Her own private
 hell, where she suffered, for all of those eyes, those accusing
 eyes she remembered so vividly.   
     
     Then one wonderful day she discovered that she had the
ability to project herself, her consciousness, outside of her
prison. That there even was an 'outside' was a relief, after
years she had begun to loose touch with what was real. She had
begun to doubt her own memories, perhaps she had always been here,
perhaps this silence and darkness was all her universe consisted
of. But there was a world out there after all.
     She couldn't project herself very far. She would sit outside
the cave watching the seasons change, imagining the feel of the
sun on her face, the warm earth beneath her feet. It was not
much, but it was infinitely better than the never ending
darkness.
     Occasionally, people would come to leave prayers at the cave
or just to gawk, to see the place where the 'demon' was buried.
She would try to catch their attention, but they couldn't see
her. She grew desperately lonely, and despaired once again of her
existence as a ghost, impotent. 

     Until one day, a woman with a child passed by. To her
surprise, he seemed to see her. Definitely, he even waved his
little hand at her! It was then that she knew it would be
all right, that there was hope. 
     Years later she saw what she thought must be the same boy,
but sadly he could no longer see her. He would come with the
summer sun, she would see him traipsing through the woods, he
often came to the cave, gazing up at the rockface, peering
through the locked gates at the cave's mouth. Sometimes she
thought that, even though he couldn't see her, perhaps he could
sense her presence. For whatever reason, he chose the cave as his
'homebase'.

     Ryoko had no memories of childhood at all. She wasn't even
sure she had ever even been a child, and she'd never worked up
the courage to ask Washu. But she got to experience childhood
through the boy, who she had learned was called Tenchi. 

     Tenchi was precocious little boy, fascinated by everything
he saw. When he wasn't chasing bugs, he was collecting rocks,
when he wasn't picking flowers, he was building forts. He was
bundle of energy, in a tiny body. She would watch him with rapt
attention, laughing with him at each new discovery, wincing every
time he took a tumble, rooting him on every time he tried,
hopelessly, to catch a squirrel.
      Summer would end and he'd be gone once again, but she would
wait patiently for the next summer, and her little friend, to
return.
     
     When he would come, he would stay with his grandparents, who
took care of the shrine and the surrounding land. 
     One dark day a devastated Tenchi had come to the cave crying
hysterically. His grandmother had died. She wanted to comfort the
boy, but she was just a specter, he couldn't even feel her touch.
She would have done anything to make it stop hurting for him,
anything. But all she could do was sit and watch over him. 
	Then something strange happened, something she'd never
experienced before. She found that she was feeling his pain, his 
sorrow, for a woman she'd never even known. 
      Just because Tenchi had loved her, because she loved him.
	Even if she couldn't see them, see could feel them, tears.
Tears rolling down desiccated cheeks, deep in the earth, tears
for his pain, tears for Tenchi. 

     Year after year he came, and each year he was a little
taller, a little handsomer, and ever year she saw little less of
him. His days were spent mostly helping his grandfather, taking
care of the shrine's grounds. He would occasionally stop by the
cave from time to time, though now mainly to clean the area
around it, his carefree days of playing long gone. But sometimes
she would catch him, standing quietly, contemplating the cave. 
     Reliving memories of days gone by? Perhaps remembering a
presence he felt, vague memories of a woman he had once seen long
ago, perhaps looking for her?

     How often would his eyes fall on her, kindling a spark of
hope.

     Did his gaze linger longer than before, did he meet her
eyes, was that a change in his expression? Maybe this time he
would see her, this time he could feel her. Maybe this time
against all odds, he would throw down his rake, a smile lighting
his face. He would run to her and sweep her up in his arms, hold
her tight and say, "There you are! I've been looking for you for
years!". And they would laugh, and they would cry, together. She
would tell him how much he had taught her, much he meant to her,
how much she...loved him.
 
     But it would never happened.

     There wasn't anything for him to hold in his arms. His gaze
would just move on, unaware that she was even there.

     Perhaps one day he would leave, never to return. It was a
thought too painful to bear.

     Then one summer day the impossible happened. She had seen
him running excitedly up to the cave, right up to the gate. He
had the keys, he open the gate! Somehow her prayers had been
answered, he had come to rescue her! He removed the sword,
freeing her. He was coming for her.
 


     'Oops, he tripped. Oh, I hope he's OK. 
     He's here, he's right here.'

     With every ounce of strength she had, she willed muscles
atrophied for hundreds of year to work. It was all she could do
to reach out with her hand, to touch him, to hold him, to speak
to him. But her voice wouldn't come, and he was screaming,
pulling away! She held him, she tried to speak, to say, "It's me!
Don't you recognize me?", but all that came out was a horrible
moan. He was fighting, a look of horror on his face. Something
flared, it burned her eyes, it burned her arm.

     It was the sword, Yosho's sword, and it worked for him. How
was that possible? Unless, unless he was Juraian, part of the
royal family! 
     
     It was the cosmic joke to end all cosmic jokes! He must be
the child of one of her jailers, sent to keep watch over her
cell. Didn't he say something about the legend? He hadn't even
know she really existed, he hadn't even known she was here.

     He was running from her, back up the sloping corridor. Rage
filled her, she'd been tricked, duped! They'd done this to her.
He'd done this to her, toyed with her. She would show them that
she was no one's plaything! 
     


     She'd had every intention of killing him, when she'd arrived
at the school that night and found him asleep on the roof. She
stood looking down at him, energy sword in her hand, ready to
strike, but something stopped her. The anger faded, and then was
gone. Try as she might, she couldn't summon it up again. She sat
for hours watching him sleep, watching the steady rise and fall
of his chest. All she felt was a sense of peace. 

     Maybe he was innocent in this whole situation, it wasn't
really his fault. She was the one who had built the fantasy, he
had no part in that, and he had given her so much, even if he
hadn't known it. She still felt for him, a part of her still loved 
him, maybe.

      But that wasn't going to stop her from teaching him a
little lesson when he woke up. He was going to learn just who he
was dealing with. It was her turn to do a little toying of her
own!



               *********************************


     "That's no way to talk to your mother, Ryoko."

     'Mother?'

     She was in the belly of Kagato's ship once more. A child was
speaking to her, she knew her, knew her thoughts! This girl said
she was her mother! It was crazy, how was that possible. But she
knew her, the girl could pick out her thoughts, just like she
could do with Ryo-Ohki. There wasn't time to think about it,
Tenchi was in danger, she had to get back.

     "Could you please call me Mom?"

     There was more than met the eye with this girl. Ryoko sat
in Ryo-Ohki's bridge, returning to Earth after they'd defeated
Kagato. Everybody was ecstatic at Tenchi's victory in the battle.
Ecstatic at just making it out alive, for that matter. Kagato was
dead. She was truly free now. 
     Ryoko studied her new 'Mom'. She said she'd been Kagato's
prisoner for five thousand years, she claimed to be the number
one scientist in the universe (Well, she's got some spunk, she'll
give her that). Her claim of being the mother of Ryoko rocked
everyone as much as it rocked her. 

     'Shouldn't I remember her?', she thought. 'How could anyone
forget their mother?'

     How should she feel? 

     Angry?

     'Why did you leave me? Why didn't you rescue me? Do you have
any idea what I went through? How could you let it happen? I
don't need you!'

     Happy?

     'If I can believe her, I have a mother, even if she is a
little odd. I'm not a 'thing', I'm not a 'monster'. She wants me,
she wants to be my mother. She loves me without even knowing me.'

     Scared?

     'It's too late, the damage has already been done. What does
she really want? How can I allow myself care for her? What if she
leaves? I'll just be hurt again, I won't let myself get hurt
again.' 

     Never again!


               ***********************************


     Her moment of contemplation had passed in an instant. She
looked down at the little woman in front of her, the anger was
gone, replaced by a different emotion. 

     Washu took a step forward, Ryoko had the uncontrollable urge
to turn and run. But she couldn't move. The diminutive scientist
wrapped her arms around her and hugged her tight. Ryoko
stiffened, she struggled weakly, fighting the embrace. 

     "Ryoko", she said, "You don't have to be afraid of me!"

     'Afraid?', suddenly, she was afraid, but of what she didn't
know.

     "Let go!", Ryoko squealed.

     "I would never intentionally do anything to come between you
and Tenchi.", she said, her head resting against Ryoko's chest.

     Ryoko twisted feebly, pushing, but Washu clung to her with a
strength that belied her small size. 

     "I know I've failed you before, but you have to believe me
Ryoko! You are the one thing in the universe that means anything
to me, I would do anything for you!"

     "Stop! Let me go!", Ryoko cried weakly, her voice wavering.

     "I'll never let you go again!", said Washu fiercely, tears
steaming down her face. "Never again!"
     "Don't you know that I love you most of all?", she said,
squeezing her even tighter. 

     "My daughter?".

     Ryoko went limp in her arms, she stopped struggling,
standing as if in a trance. She looked down at the woman who 
clutched her as she cried.

     Tears welled in Ryoko's eyes. She fumbled with her arms not
knowing what to do with them. Tentatively she encircled Washu,
she held her delicately in her arms at first, as if afraid she
would hurt her, then more fiercely. Tears streamed down her face
as she stroked her hair. She rested her head on Washu's, closing
her eyes, she held her tight.

     "Mom.", she cried, and for the fist time in her life it
actually meant something. 

     "Ryoko!", Washu cried in response, her hands stroking her
back. 

     Sobbing they held one another. After centuries apart, mother
and daughter, together.


               ************************************


     "Ryoko? Has Tenchi...", a voice began.
     
     Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Ryo-Ohki were returning, they'd
had no luck locating the missing Tenchi. The sight of Ryoko and
Washu locked in a rather intimate looking embrace stopped them in
their tracks.


     "Ah...hello...?", Ayeka waved a hand, trying to get their
attention, understandably confused.

     "Washu?", Sasami asked. "Ryoko?"

     "Eh-hem", Ayeka cleared her throat, but the two women were
oblivious.
     "EH-HEM!", she tried again, with a little less subtlety this
time. But this was no more successful that the previous attempt.

     "Miya!", A bright smile lit Ryo-Ohki's face as she toddled
over to the pair and threw her arms around their knees.

     "RYOKO!, MISS WASHU!", she finally yelled, at not quite the
top of her lungs.

     Startled, both of them jumped, spinning around to face their
previously unnoticed audience, and nearly knocking over an
equally startled Ryo-Ohki in the process. Both immediately turned
a bright red.

     "Perhaps the two of you should get a room somewhere?", Ayeka
said, perturbed. "One with a little more privacy?"

     "AYEKA!!", Washu and Ryoko said in chorus, annoyed. A glance
passed between the two of them as they broke into a fit of
embarrassed laughter.

     "What's going on?", Sasami asked, confused.

     "Oh, we were just having a little mother, daughter chat.
That's all.", Washu said, wiping her eyes.

     "Huh?", they all said, dumbfounded. 

     "Where have you been? What about Tenchi?", Ayeka asked,
"We're supposed to be looking for Tenchi."

     "Don't you worry about Tenchi, I know where he is.", Washu
said, to put their minds at ease. The group turned to look at
her.

     "You do?", Ryoko asked, trying to composing herself.

     "How?",Ayeka wanted to know.

     "Just a little feminine intuition,", she said, with a wave
of her hand, drawing blank stares. 

     "...And room full of scanning equipment!", she added,
smiling sweetly, eliciting a couple of groans.

     "You girls just leave Tenchi to me, I'll 'bring him back
alive'.", she earnestly.

     "Leave Tenchi to you?", said Ayeka, irritated.

     "But...?", Mihoshi asked.

     "You're going to have to trust me on this.", she said to
everyone, but she was looking at Ryoko.

     Ryoko stood for a moment, eyes downcast, her expression  
unreadable. Looking up, she met Washu's gaze. Nodding slightly, a 
small smile played across her lips. Ryoko slowly drifted upwards  
through the beams, before phasing out of sight. 
     The girls stood in surprise for an instant.

     "B-b-but...", Ayeka stammered, more than a little stunned.

     Washu craned her neck to look past her.

     "Sasami? Could you help me in the kitchen for a minute?",
Washu asked, ignoring Ayeka's protests for the moment.

     "Sure Washu, what do you need?", she asked as they walked
off together, with Ryo-Ohki in tow. Leaving a confused Mihoshi,
and a fuming Ayeka, behind. 


     "Well, I figure Tenchi's going to be hungry. Not having
eaten since yesterday and all. I haven't had anything to eat
today myself, for that matter. I though it might be nice if I
took along something for a picnic.", she explained.
     "Oh. Ok, what would you like?", Sasami asked.
     "Something simple's fine, you don't have to go to a lot of
trouble. Maybe some leftovers?"
     "I know! I put the breakfast I made this morning in the
refrigerator. No one was around to eat it...", Sasami said as
they left the room, their voices fading away.


     Ayeka and Mihoshi turned from the doorway to look at one
another.

     "M-M-MISS WASHU!", Ayeka called, as she spun and stomped off
in pursuit of them.


               **********************************


     A stone skipped across the waters of Funaho's pond, striking
the surface once, twice and then a third time before it skittered
to a stop and sank into the depths. The skipping stone sent out
circular ripples. Each growing larger until they met and
rebounded from one another, the formerly placid surface was soon
filled with ripples.
     Action and reaction.
     
     Tenchi sat under Funaho's leafy eaves, perched atop a
protruding root, absently searching for another stone. 

     His minded wander as he went about his search. 

     His first time. Wasn't that what guys at school had bragged
about? 

     Sex. Wasn't that what they talked about endlessly? Wasn't
that what he used to dream about, more times, and to the
detriment of more sets of sheets, than he'd care to remember?

     He should feel...what? Happy? Proud of himself? 

     Seeing himself reflected in the pond, his first thought was,
"Extremely lucky"!

     The face staring back at him from the water didn't seem any
different. Wasn't he supposed to feel different now? Wasn't he
supposed to feel like, a "MAN" ? 

     He reared back and let fly with yet another stone, this one
skipped and kept going until it skipped itself right out of the
pond.

     All he felt was ashamed.

     It was as if he'd failed. 

     He knew it was foolish, but he felt as though he was marked.
As if it was printed on his forehead in glowing characters for
everyone to read.
      'I did it! I've been telling you all I wasn't going to, but
I when ahead and did it anyway. And with Washu, your mother
Ryoko! The one who looks like a twelve year old! How about that,
huh?... Now where's Sasami at?'
     
     Great! Now he felt like a pervert too! He knew Washu wasn't
'really' a little girl, but...

     What the hell had been thinking?


     Of course he knew. He'd been thinking about the 'Big' Washu
he had seen once before. Ever since that day he'd looked for her,
hiding behind 'Little' Washu's delicate features. He'd been
intrigued, he had to admit. Not that he'd ever seriously
considered about doing anything about it, but the seed of
curiosity had been planted.

     Last night all the pieces just fallen into place.
 
     His recollection was kind of hazy, but he remember it well
enough. They'd both been laughing at the ridiculousness of their
whole situation. Then suddenly he had been kissing her. Just that
fast.
     There'd just been something about the sparkle in her emerald
eyes, the fall of her hair, about her closeness. He had reached
up and pulled her down to him. He'd pressed his lips to her's and
to his surprise she had responded, with a passion that he, even
in his inebriated state, hadn't expected. 
       Well, he couldn't have chosen better picking a lover.
Apparently you can learn quite a lot about the art of love in ten
thousand years. She'd done things, he only heard rumors of. She
showed him things, they probably don't have names for. If he
hadn't been drunk he probably would have ran like hell.  But
she'd been a very patient and attentive lover. He felt a blush
coming over him at the thought of it.

     He sighed. 

     How could he face her? He had made love with her, but he
wasn't "in love" her. At least he didn't think so. 
     And then when he'd been embarrassed he'd lashed out at her,
as if it was her fault. It was unforgivable of him to have acted
so childish.

     The hole he had dug for himself was so deep, he didn't know
how to even begin to get out of it.

     At least the other girls didn't know about it. He hoped they
didn't anyway. After causing that stupid scene at lunch, someone
might start to suspect, he supposed. He didn't even want to think
about the possibility of this secret coming to light.

     Angrily, he heaved his newest projectile, which sailed out 
as he watched, and landed with a splash. 



     A figure at the edge of the glade caught his attention. 

     Washu stood quietly on the far shore holding a basket.
 
     He had known she would come eventually. Resigned, he
continued in his search for the perfect skipping stone. 

     Washu trekked her way around the pond to the stepping
stones, keeping a curious eye on Tenchi, until at last she stood
before him.

     "Tenchi", she said, as she came to a stop. 
     "Sasami's fixed us something to eat.", indicating the
basket.

     Not waiting for an answer, she set it down and went about
the business of spreading out a blanket. Tenchi stole curious
glances of her as she laid out the picnic, trying not to appear
as nervous as he felt.

     "Come, sit down.", she said, taking a seat herself, on the
edge of the blanket and setting out the dishes.

     Dejected, he ignored her offer.

     "Come on, I know you must be hungry. You haven't eaten since
dinner last night.", she coaxed.
     "Just look at this nice lunch Sasami packed for us."

     He glanced over for a second before returning to his
efforts, pretending to be disinterested. But his stomach had the
last word, letting loose with a truly impressive growl. Which
drew a small smile from Washu.
     
     "Come on, Tenchi.", she said, with a chuckle.

     Resistance was futile. He got up and walked the few paces to
the blanket and sat down. Still smiling, Washu handed him a pair
of chop sticks, and began to serve.  

     He'd been so preoccupied he hadn't realized how hungry he
was. Now, the sight of food in front of him pushed all other
matters out of mind. He was practically drooling on himself. The
second Washu placed a bowl of rice in front of him, he began
devouring it, and anything else that came into his reach. Washu,
across from him, looked on bemused. Interrupting her meal
occasionally to remove an empty dish, replacing it with a fresh
one. 
     


     Washu, finishing before Tenchi, leaned back, her arms out
behind her. She closed her eyes and turned to face the light
breeze that blew through Funaho's glade, letting it play over
her. She breathed deeply the scent of the woods, and after a few
moments she began to speak.


     "Are you still angry with me?", she asked, glancing at him.
 
     He paused, not look up.

     "No.", he said, with a small shake of his head.

     She watched as returned to eating.

     "Maybe you should be.", she said, looking away, a frown on
her face. 
     He stopped to look at her.

     "Some of those things you said, might not have been so far
from the truth.", she said sadly.
     "I thought I knew myself, but now I'm not so sure.", she
looked him eyes. Her expression filled with regret. 
     "I never would have thought I'd be capable of taking
advantage of you like that. I was wrong. I'm sorry."

     Tenchi had seemed about to protest, but Washu continued.

     "Before you try to tell me it was all your fault. I should
tell you, I never do anything without a reason, even if it is
subconscious. I don't recall consciously wanting to sleep with
you, I don't think you're really my type, but. I didn't put up
much of a resistance did I?", she said with a small smile at her
own expense.

     Tenchi sat quietly, not wanting to interrupt. He had never
heard Washu so forthcoming before.

     "I'm not such a pushover that I can be dragged into the sack
by just anyone. Somewhere deep down inside, a part of me had to
want it.", she told him candidly. 

     "But there's no part of me that would ever want to hurt you,
Tenchi.", she said, earnestly, her eyes glistening. "I'm sorry if
I did."

     "Washu...", he said, reassuringly.

     "And how could I do this to Ryoko and Ayeka? You mean
everything to them, and one of these days I know you'll discover
just how much one of them means to you.", she said, wiping away a
few stray tears.

     "I could have ruined everything, by being so selfish, so
stupid."


     "Washu...stop.", he said, pained. "Stop beating yourself
up."

     "What I said back at the house was wrong. I don't blame you
for what happened.", he said, seriously. 
     He took a deep breath, and a moment to collect his thoughts.


     "No one's every accused me of being too bright,", he said
with a self deprecating smile. 
     
     "Tenchi.", she said dismissively.

     "But I think I know what my strongest qualities are. My
pigheaded stubbornness, and my loyalty.", he nodded to himself.

     "Once I make a decision, I stick by it. Whether it's the
right one or not. Come hell or high water.", he continued.
     "My stubbornness has gotten me in to trouble before, and it
probably will again."
     "But, you can always trust my word." 

     "We never would have met, none of this would have
happened.", he swept an arm around.
     "If it wasn't for my stubborn curiosity to see just what
actually was in the cave shrine."

     "I never would have known any of you.", he said, sadly. 
     
     "I can't imagine life without you guys now."

     He paused, lost in thought for a second.



     "Those thing I said to you in the house, I didn't mean
them.", he said as he continued, his expression pained.

     "I violated the principles I'd set for myself, that I'd
stubbornly held for so long. I was angry at myself, but I took it
out on you. It was a cowardly thing to do. Instead of facing the
situation, dealing with it, I ran. And I lashed out at you. That
what hurts the most, what I did to you."
     "I'm sorry Washu.", he said as he finished, his eyes
downcast.

     She smiled.

     "You've forgotten the greatest strength you possess, the one
that draws the girls to you, your compassion.", she said. "It's a
rarer trait than you might think."

     She paused.

     "Tenchi, there is a simple way that this could all be
resolved you know.", she said, quietly. 
     "If you want...I could just erase your memory. If it's too
much for you." 

     She knew it was wrong, but she had to offer.


      He sat motionless, his eyes on the bowl he still clutched
in his hand.

     
     "It would be very simple, you wouldn't remember anything.",
she promised solemnly.

     He paused considering the offer, minutes passed, she watched
him waiting patiently. 

     "No.", he said finally, setting down the dish he'd been
holding. He look into her eyes steadily.
     "I want to remember.", he said, as the briefest of smiles
passed his lips. 
     "It's an experience I'll treasure, one I don't ever want to
forget." 
     He seemed about to say more, but simply stopped.


     He looked away, off into the distance. Washu followed his
gaze, as they sat watching the sun sinking behind the trees.


     "I'm sorry...", he began. "I'm sorry I acted like such an
ass."

     "That's okay, I should have acted with a little more
sense.", she said with a wry smile. "I'm supposed to be a genius
you know. That's what it says on my business card."

     He smile at that.

     "For what it's worth", she said after a moment, looking over
at him. "Thank you, Tenchi."

     "Huh?", he said, turning to her, puzzled.

     "It'd been a long time since...", she turned back, looking
off into the setting sun. 

     "Since, I'd been with a man.", she finished quietly, a far
away expression in her eye. 

     Tenchi watched her curiously. Her eyes glistening in the
fading light.

     "It was...fun.", she said, shooting him a glance. Laughing a
bit, as a tear rolled down her cheek.

     She wiped the tear away, laughing at her own foolishness.
Tenchi smiled back warmly.

     "But I don't think it's something we should try again.", she
faced him, her smile fading. 

     Tenchi gazed back, he nodded understandingly. 
     
     "No regrets?", she asked him. He shook his head.

     
     He smiled.


     They sat back, quietly watching as the dusk settled.
Listening to the rustle of the leaves as a breeze blew across the
pond. Crickets began to chorus as the shadows lengthened.



     Sighing, Washu stood up, stretching.
     
     "I guess we should be getting back, the girls will be
getting worried.", she said, beginning to pack up the dishes.

     Tenchi stood as he folded the blanket, placing it in the
basket with the dishes.

     Standing there, they took one last look around the Funaho's
glade, until they found themselves facing one another. Washu put
her basket down and stepped up to him, hugging him. Tenchi bent   
down, quietly they held each other for a moment. 

     "Let's go home, Tenchi.", she said.


                    ************************


     They left the glade together walking up the path that lead
towards the house. 


     "I was kind of worried about you, Tenchi. But I think you'll
be all right", she said.

     "Besides there are so many eligible girls running around
here, one of them's bound to take pity on you sooner or later",
she said, facetiously.

     "Speaking of which, have you met my daughter, Ryoko?"

     "No, what's she like?", he said, playing along.

     "Oh, she the sweetest girl, with a sunny disposition. She a
little shy though, but once you get to know her she really opens
up."

     "She sounds fascinating."

     "She's just like her Mom.", she said, quietly.

     They walked on in silence as night fell over the valley.
     
     





	Questions? Comments? Angry Rants? Contact:

			ocristiii@aol.com
