Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo and or the
Characters. I do not wish to be held responsible for
anything illegal, for this is a fan fic and I have
seen others do it and figured it was safe. I am not in
any way work related to Pioneer or any other anime
company so do not perches, sell, or anything of the
sort. Thank you!

True love  Part  One.

        It was yet another typical day at the Masaki house.
Ryoko and Ayeka where arguing over the TV remote while
Sasami prepared everyone's lunch.
        Ryo-ohki was seated comfortably at the other end of
the couch, taking a nice catnap.
        "Give it! It's my turn, Ayeka!" Claimed Ryoko. "No
way! You had the TV all day yesterday you lazy bum!"
Argued Ayeka.
        'Won't those two ever stop fighting?' Tenchi thought
to himself as he watched the two women from atop the
staircase.
        Sasami came out of the kitchen with a cheery smile on
her face. "Lunch is ready!" she called out. "Yay
lunch!" came Mihoshi's voice from the doorway of the
house. Mihoshi walked in giggling the whole time. She
was wearing her usual outfit, pink long sleeved
turtleneck and her tan slacks.
        Kiyone followed in close behind the bubblehead and
sighed. "Mihoshi, you can't just barge in like that."
she said trying to block out the on coming headache.
"We just had lunch an hour ago."
        "I know, but I'm hungry!" whinned the blond GP.
(Galaxy Police)
        "you're always hungry." remarked Kiyone.
        "Oh hi girls, come on in!" said Tenchi as he raced
down the stairs and to the dinning table.
        Ryoko also took a seat to the right of Tenchi and
started to hang all over him as she always did. Tenchi
was used to this but still felt embarrassed at the
cyan-haired woman's actions and cleared his throught
as if to tell her to get off of him.
        It wasn't that he didn't care for the fact that she
did this, for he loved her very much, it was just what
kind of fights would break out between Ryoko and
Ayeka.
        Mean while Ayeka took a seat to the left of him and
was glaring at Ryoko with the 'evil eye'. Ryoko just
stuck her tongue out at her,
        Sasami placed various food dishes around the table.
The dishes contained rice, fried fish, and beef
noodles.
        "It all looks so yummy!" Mihoshi exclaimed as she sat
down at the table.
        "Hey, who said you could eat here?" demanded Ryoko as
she looked at the GP. "Well... I was sort of hungry
and......... I thought that I would help myself?"
she said quietly. "Well you can't!" yelled the space
pirate as she started to stand up, ready to emmite
pain to Mihoshi.
        "Ryoko! Leave her alone, she can have some food too."
Tenchi said in a stern tone of voice. Ryoko just
huffed as she flopped back down.

        Well hours later, Ayeka and Ryoko wear watching a
soap opera while Kiyone, Mihoshi and Sasami talked at
the dinner table. Tenchi was up in his room lying down
on his bed.
        He sat there quietly not doing anything. He stared up
at the ceiling and sighed. The silence consumed him
and it felt relaxing. He hardly got any silence with
the chaotic life he lived. But he had to admit, he did
care for the girls who lives with him.
        With them there was never a time when life got dull,
but instead it was full of adventure and
entertainment. He did enjoy having them around. But
sometimes they just pushed him to the limits.
        But there still was that one question that had always
snaked its way into their fun and games.

        "Tenchi, I want to talk about something important,"
came Ryoko's voice in a remembrance of that one
question. "I want you to be truthful and honest,"
continued Ryoko. "Who do you love better? Ayeka or
me." Tenchi sat there thinking of what to tell her.
        He already made up his mind of which one he loved,
but he didn't want to say anything. He just couldn't
bare the pain on the one's face he didn't love the way
they wanted him to.
        "Ryoko, I can not chose between you two...... I
couldn't put any of you through any pain like that."
was all he said.

        So there he sat. trying to make up his mind of what
to do. He wanted to hold his one and only love in his
arms and kiss them, but before he could come to a
conclusion he fell asleep.

        That same night Ryoko was asleep on her favorite
banister. Although Ryoko looked like she was having a
peaceful sleep, she wasn't. In fact she was having the
most horrifying dream she ever had in her entire life.


        A huge monster ran through the forest. It already
killed Washu and the others, but now it wanted Tenchi
and Ryoko.
        It was making an unearthly sound. Ryoko couldn't tell
if it was roaring or growling.
        It chased the two down on all fours. It was
completely black and a slimy residue dripped off of
its strangely built body.
        Its eyes glowed a horrible shade of red and its body
had many ridges and lumps. It also had a short stubby
tail that was incapable of moving on it's own.
The moon gleamed down on the creature and the strange
slime reflected it's light.
With out the moon the creature would have be perfectly
camouflaged in the darkness of the night.
        It leaped for Ryoko, but was unsuccessful in its
bounty for a space pirate meal. Instead it got Tenchi,
for he leaped out in front of it to save Ryoko's life
like he always had when she couldn't protect herself.
"Run! Get away from here!" he shouted as the creature
dug its razor sharp claws into Tenchi's flesh.
        Ryoko screamed out in horror as she sat there
helplessly, watching Tenchi get torn to pieces right
in front of her.

        "Tenchi!" she yelled out right as her eyelids shot
open.
        She sat up and was sweating something awful. She was
shaking all over her body as she sat there.
        'Thank god. It was just a dream. But it seemed so
real! And that noise the creature made!' she thought
as she panted for breathe.
        "Ryoko?" came the comforting voice from Tenchi as he
stood in the hallway looking at Ryoko. "What's wrong?"
he asked.
        Tears started to form in Ryoko's eyes as she looked
down at Tenchi. She was so scared from the dream that
she could hardly talk strait. So she rammed into
Tenchi and squeezed him in a tight hug as she started
to cry in his left shoulder.
        The young Juraian prince was surprised by this action
but wrapped his arms around her. He felt her trembling
under his touch and knew that something was wrong.
        "Ryoko, what's the matter? Why are you shaking?" he
asked her with a hint of concern in his voice.
        "Oh, Tenchi it was awful! Simply awful!" she cried
out as she gripped him in a tighter hug.
        He could since her fear by the way she was acting,
and this was no joke just to get his attention either.

        He lead her down to the couch and sat her down. "Stay
right here, I'll go get you some water, and try to
calm down, ok?" he said soothingly. She nodded a bit
at his words and wiped the tears from her eyes and
sniffed a bit.
        She could hear Tenchi in the kitchen getting the
water. She hoped that he would come back soon. She
didn't know what to do with her emotions she got when
she and Zero assimilated on Dr. Clays ship a year ago.
        Moment's later Tenchi came out with a glass of ice
water and handed it to her. "Have you calmed down
now?" he asked her looking her in the eyes. She nodded
and said, "A bit.." She took a gulp of water and sat
the glass down on the table.
        "Now, what's wrong?" he asked her calmly.
        She tried to find the right words to answers his
question. "I was having the most horrifying dream
ever. This monster came out of nowhere and we couldn't
stop it." She took another deep breathe to calm her
nerves.
        "It chased every single one of us down and killed us
off as it caught them." she sniffed again and a tear
rolled down her face.
        Tenchi saw the pain and fear she was in and sat down
beside her and wiped the tear away. He then put an arm
around her shoulders to comfort her.
        "Then it was just you and me," she continued, her
voice starting to break.
        "It leaped for me and instead got you, because you
jumped in front of me and took the blow." Another tear
ran down her cheek and Tenchi wiped it away gently.
        "You said, 'Run! Get away from here!'........... Then
it ripped you to shreds.... and......" she cupped her
face in her hands an started to cry again. "I thought
I lost you! It all seemed so real!" she sobbed as
Tenchi held her close to him.
        "Shhhhh. It's ok now, nothing actually happened to
the others or me." he said trying to comfort the cyan
haired woman as she wiped.
        She once again put her arms around him tightly and
sobbed in his shoulders.
        "If I ever lose you, I don't know what I would do!"
she said in a scared manner.
        Tenchi felt Ayekas presence at the top of the stair
case and turned around a bit to  look at her.
        Ayeka didn't seem to be upset at Ryoko hanging on
Tenchi, but instead was concerned for Ryoko.
        She nodded as if to say 'It's alright.' and looked to
the sobbing space pirate.
        "Hey, it's all right Ryoko you won't lose me, or any
one else. Alright?" he said trying to get her to stop
crying.
        He looked back up to find Ayeka gone and sighed
quietly. He didn't know if this was upsetting Ayeka or
not. All's he could do was hope.
        "Alls you need now is some rest." Tenchi said
soothingly as he looked down at Ryoko who was coming
to a stop from her crying.
        "I'm to scared to sleep, what if I live through that
again? I couldn't bare the thought of seeing you die,
Tenchi." she said quietly. He knew she was telling the
truth but didn't know what to do.
        She looked up into his deep brown eyes and asked,
"Would you stay with me until I fall asleep?" She
released hi and sat her hands in her lap.
        He smiled a bit and simply nodded at her request.
That didn't seem like a bad idea. He could make sure
she was okay that way before he went to bed.
        She rested her head on his shoulder and closed her
eyes in an attempt to fall asleep.
        He only smiled at her as she closed her eyes. He
rubbed the side of her left arm to comfort her.
        She wrapped her arms around his waist in a sort of
natural reaction and began to drift off to sleep. He
blushed when he felt her arms wrap around his waist.
It felt nice in it's own little way. But still he
thought it would be wise to stay with her for at least
an hour just incase. Be he accidentally fell asleep
after fifteen minutes of sitting there.

        The next morning he woke up to a gentle hand shaking
his right shoulder.
His eyelids slowly opened and blinked several times.
As his vision came to focus he saw Ayeka looking down
at him with a small smile.
He yawned and stretched a bit. He slowly got to his
feet and looked down to a still sleeping Ryoko, and
smiled.
        "Is she going to be alright, Lord Tenchi?" asked
Ayeka, as she glanced down at Ryoko. "Yeah, when she
fell asleep I thought it would be best to stay with
her for an hour but fell asleep myself." he chuckled a
bit.
"Well that's good to hear." Ayeka said warmly. "Sasami
is making breakfast and it should be ready soon." she
added.
        Tenchi yawned again and said, "Alright. I'm going to
get cleaned up. See you soon."
        Tenchi looked over his shoulder as he walked towards
the stairs and saw Ayeka try to wake Ryoko up. Ryoko
stretch her arms out and he heard her yawn, he    also
heard Ayeka mention breakfast to her before he
vanished around the corner and into the bathroom.

        While he was washing up  in the shower he couldn't
help but think of Ryoko and what she went through last
night. 'Poor thing. Must be stressed out or something.
Maybe I should take everyone to a movie just so every
can have some fun outside of the house.' he thought to
himself.
        He couldn't help but worry about Ryoko the whole
time. He was even thinking if it started to show that
she was the one he loved. It wouldn't surprise him, do
to the fact of how he acted in front of her and Ayeka.
        After his shower he went to his room and started to
dig through his drawers for some clothes. He found his
green t-shirt and a pair of blue jeans and put them on
quickly. Now he tried to find his slippers. "Where are
they?" he asked himself as he looked under his bed.
        When he was looking for his slippers who should
appear but none other than Ryoko in the middle of his
room.
        "How are you feeling?" was the first words out of
Tenchi's mouth.
        She gave him a weak smile and said, "Better than last
night." He only smiled at her before he went on with
his search for his slippers.
        "Tenchi, I want to thank you for what you did for me
last night." Ryoko said in an apologetic tone.
        Tenchi only nodded. "Your welcome, besides it was the
least I could do for you." he said with a smile. "I'm
mean you have been real helpful, besides. I couldn't
just leave you there." She blushed at this and he
continued. "What are friends for?"
He then continued the search for his slippers and he
ducked under his desk and be fore long Ryoko noticed
Tenchi searching for something and asked, "What are
you doing?"
        Tenchi bumped his head on the bottom of the top desk
drawer as he heard the question from Ryoko. "Ouch. Oh
gee..... That smarts..." he said as he rubbed his
head.
        "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you." Ryoko
said as she approached Tenchi. She looked his head
over for any lumps or cuts. "That's alright, you
didn't startle me. I'm looking for my slippers could
you help me?" he asked as he looked around his room.
        She nodded and joined his quest to find the missing
slippers. She suggested that he should look in one
half of the room and she would look in the other half
and soon enough Ryoko found his slippers in his
bedroom closet.
        Once she handed them to him he looked her in the eyes
and thought 'What beautiful eyes she has. It's like
looking into a gold mine.' He blushed a bit but
quickly regained his composure. "Um, t-thanks." he
stuttered a bit "No problem." she answered  warmly.
        "Um Ryoko? Can I talk to you about something?" he
asked her, his voice seemed tiny and had a hint of
shyness in it.
        She only looked at him and raised an eyebrow, "What
about?" She seemed a bit startled, like she was just
caught robbing a bank. Oh she hated that feeling.
        "Well, um.... It's about that question you asked me
the other day." he said. He started to fidget with a
slipper and looked toward the ground. She could tell
he was nervous about something.
        "What question was that?" she asked. In all honesty
she didn't remember what she had asked him before, but
she had a feeling she was about to be reminded.         "Um,
when you asked who I loved...." He trailed off,
getting more nervous.
He started to get red in the face and started to rub
his foot on the floor.
        "Oh....." was all Ryoko could say. She had a feeling
he was going to say he loved Ayeka. She thought that
she was going to be crushed, and as she said the night
before, she couldn't bare the thought of losing
Tenchi.
        "Um well my answer would be...." His heart started to
pound. He was about to tell Ryoko he loved her more
than anything, and that gave him quite the adrenaline
rush. "I love-" He was interrupted by the sound of
someone knocking on his door.
        He turned around to face the door and said, "Yes? Who
is it?"
        "Breakfast is ready, Tenchi." came Sasami's voice
from the other side. "I'll be right there." he
answered.
        "Now, I'll tell you-" he was cut off short yet again
when he noticed Ryoko was no longer in his room. He
couldn't figure it out why she left. Then it came to
him. Maybe she thought he didn't love her, but he
loved Ayeka instead.
        He sighed and walked towards the door. He would just
have to talk to her after breakfast. That was if she
would talk to him. When he stepped out of his room he
spotted his grandfather Yosho was standing at the top
of the staircase.
        "Ah, Tenchi, just who I needed to see." greeted the
old man. "Would you mind staying at the shrine all day
today? I could use your help." he asked in his raspy
voice. Tenchi sighed and said, "But grandpa, I have to
talk to Ryoko about something." he explained. He
really didn't want to wait till tomorrow.
        Yosho seemed to have read his mind. "Well that will
have to wait." Yosho said in a firm tone and turned
away to end the boy from arguing with him any longer.
Tenchi felt as though his grandpa didn't care if he
wanted to help or not.
        He continued down the hall and to the dinning table.

        All through breakfast Ryoko sat there eating quietly.
She wasn't even talking along with the others. She was
just to worried damned about what Tenchi was trying to
tell her. She almost lost her appetite because of this
as she thought 'Damnit. Well Ayeka, it looks like you
won..'.
        Tenchi couldn't help but notice that Ryoko was
depressed over something. He wanted to tell her that
he loved her badly, but, no thanks to his grandfather,
would have to wait to tell her until tomorrow.  He
even had the feeling that that was upsetting Ryoko.
        So he to ate quietly and said hardly anything while
they all ate breakfast.
        When he was finished he slowly stood up and walked to
the kitchen to rinse his dishes. When he got back he
said, "Sorry to disappoint every one, but my grandpa
wants me to work at the shrine all day. See ya." and
with that he left.
        Ryoko sat there trying to figure out if it was cause
of her or if he was telling the truth. He probably
was. But now she was getting worried of being all
paranoid over nothing. But she just had to know who he
loved, and she hoped to what ever god was out there
that it was her.

        Later that evening Ryoko just had to know what Tenchi
was trying to tell her. It was bugging her all day,
and it was time to find out. So she picked up the
phone and dialed the Shrine's phone number.
        It rang two times and Yosho answered. "Hello, Okayoma
Shinto priest speaking. How may I help you?"
        "Is Tenchi there?" came a familiar female voice.
Yosho knew that it belonged to Ryoko.
        "Yes, just a minute."
        Ryoko heard him put the phone down and seconds later
Tenchi picked it back up. "Hello?" came the voice of
the one she loved.
        "Tenchi, it's Ryoko. I have to talk to you." she
said. Her voice sounded a little uneasy. He could tell
by her voice that she was worried about something.
"What is it?" he asked gently.
        The sound of his voice relaxed her a bit and she
asked, "What is it that you where trying to tell me?"
her voice seemed tiny and weak.
        "Well, I'll tell you tomorrow. I want to talk to you
in private. You know grandpa, he's probably listening
in on us now." Tenchi chuckled at the idea of his
grandfather doing so. It has been known to happen
before. "I am not!" came another voice on the phone.
"I mean!" Click. Yosho had hung up the spare phone he
kept in his small house.
        Tenchi chuckled then said, "See. Now you get some
rest. I'll talk to you first thing in the morning, I
promise."
        "All right." she said disappointed. All though she
still was afraid he was going to chose Ayeka. They
both said their goodbyes and hung up.

        It was about midnight and Ryoko slept on the couch.
She found it more comfortable than the banister
tonight. Besides, she thought that it might help her
get the rest she needed.
         But instead she was sweating up the storm and was
cringing too. Sounds of fright came out of her mouth.
She was having yet another dream about that huge ugly
beast again.  But this time it seemed more real as it
replayed in her mind like it had happened for the
first time. She saw Tenchi get ripped to shreds and
that's when she snapped wide awake again.
        Tears rolled down her cheeks, and she had a hard time
adjusting to the darkness of the house. She panicked
and thought that the dream actually happened this time
and thought that she had died. That's when she yelled
out, "Tenchi?!" and the way it sounded had to
emphasize the point that she was scareder than she had
ever been.
        Seconds later Tenchi ran down the stairs and ran to
her aid. "Hey, what's wrong?" he asked looking her
over. He noticed that she had the same look of fear
like the night before and could only guess that she
had the same nightmare.
        He sat down on the couch next to her and tried to
comfort her and it seemed to help a bit. He knew that
it was time to get Ryoko checked for anything wrong by
Washu.
        "Hey, maybe we can go to Washu's and get you some
sedatives, huh? It'll help you relax." He didn't dare
mention that he wanted Washu to look her over for
anything. He knew that Ryoko didn't need to hear that
right now.
        She only nodded helplessly, and he helped her to her
feet. He put an arm around her waist to help support
her as they walked towards the entryway of the lab.
        Tenchi knocked on the door and a visual of Washu's
face appeared on a small screen. "What is it? I'm
busy, come back later!" said the mad scientist
impatiently.
        Tenchi looked at her and said, "Ryoko's having a bit
of a problem, could you help us out?" He honestly was
about ready to bust the door in and force Washu to
check Ryoko out. He wanted to know why she was having
the same dream twice.
        Washu looked down at Ryoko. There she was, the most
wanted criminal in the universe, crying her eyes out
while she leaned on Tenchi to balance herself. Washu
couldn't bare to see her daughter like that so she
said, "Bring her in." and the view screen disappeared.
        They entered the lab together. They found themselves
surrounded by dozens of computers. As a matter of fact
it looked like the computers where imitating a wall
that would be made for a room.
        In between two computers there was a small entry way
and Washu entered through it promptly. She looked over
at Ryoko who was trying her damndest to calm down and
then back up at Tenchi.
        "What seems to be the problem?" asked the genius as
she gestured Tenchi to set Ryoko on a small doctor's
bed behind him. "Well, Ryoko is having some bad night
terrors for two nights now, and each time she wakes up
she's crying, shaking all over and is plain out
scared." he explained to Washu.
        Washu placed a hand under her chin and began to
think. She has heard of such symptoms before but
couldn't place the name of it right now. The only
thing she could think of that sounded like this was
the ability to predict the future. But she had no
proof of this.
        "The only way I can help you two out is if I run a
couple of tests. They are harmless and you'll hardly
notice anything." she explained in a doctorly manner.
If this had been any other occasion Tenchi might have
laughed at Washu's
tone and actions. But this wasn't one of those other
occasions.
        "I'll have to take some blood, but it won't hurt you.
The needles I use numb the small area you put them in
right away, so you wont feel any discomfort or pain."
she said as she went digging through a drawer full of
doctor like equipment.
Ryoko looked up at Tenchi with that look of relief,
like she wanted Washu to run some tests.
        Washu soon found a needle and poked it through
Ryoko's left arm and drew a whole vile full of blood.
As Washu said, Ryoko felt no pain or discomfort, and
for that she was grateful. She didn't know how much
more she could go through tonight.
        "Alrighty then, I'll be back with the results." she
said as she removed the needle and placed a lid on the
vile. She turned away from them and disappeared from
view into the unknown world of her lab.
        Ryoko chuckled a bit and said, "I guess now would be
a good time to tell me what you where trying to say
earlier." she gave Tenchi one of those tired smiles.
"I guess it would be." He felt butterflies swell up in
his stomach as his heart started to pound.
        "Well, I um........." he strained to find the words
he had at the ready earlier, but no matter how hard he
tried he couldn't remember what he had planned to say.
"I had it all worked out in my head...." he said in a
sheepish sort of manner. "I, uh..." he stopped with
his stuttering. Enough was enough. He forgot about
telling her and just decided to be spontaneous. He
knelt over and placed a hand on the back of her neck
and kissed her.
        Now she was extremely surprised at this and melted
into his arms right on the spot. She then started to
concentrate on kissing him back. So there they where
kissing each other full on the lips and they didn't
give a hoot as to what else was happening around them.
Seconds later Washu walked in with the results and
caught them kissing like mad and cleared her throught.
"Excuse me, I'm not interrupting anything am I?" Ryoko
and Tenchi stopped what they where doing and there
heads snapped in Washu's direction. They started to
sputter off different things trying to explain what
happened, but all Washu did was cackle in her mad
scientist evil manner.

        What seemed to be an hour later Washu was about to
explain her last test as soon she went over the
results from her last two. She looked the results over
that where scribbled down on a couple of pieces of
paper. "Well from what I gathered here tonight, I say
you are either stressed out, or you are dreaming of
your biggest fear and that would be losing your family
and friends," she snickered and added, "and your new
sex toy."
        Washu started to laugh hysterically at her daughter's
misfortune and got red in the face from lack of air
from laughing to hard. "Shut up! It isn't funny!"
yelled Ryoko as she got red in the face from
embarrassment. Tenchi too, seemed embarrassed at the
red haired, maniacal, mad scientist's comment.
        She calmed down and regained her composure and said,
"But seriously, other than that I think your fine. But
I want to make one last test. Just to be on the safe
side." she explained. "What kind of test?" Ryoko asked
getting a bit worried that this next one wasn't going
to be pleasant.
        "I want to hook you to a machine and have you go over
that same dream. It's so I can look at your brain wave
patterns when this dream occurs." she said quietly.
Washu knew that Ryoko wasn't going to like this but
she had a bad feeling about these dreams.
        "No! I can't go through with that again, Washu! I
won't see Tenchi get killed in front of me!" Ryoko
protested. Washu sighed and nodded. "I know that,
Ryoko. But the only way I can make sure you are
absolutely healthy is to do that."
        Washu did hate to have to put Ryoko through that
again, because she could see the fear and grief in her
eyes. But like she said there was no other way of
checking her brain wave patterns to make sure they are
normal through out her dream.
        "Ryoko, I'll be right here, I promise. Nothing is
going to happen to me." Tenchi said trying to help
Washu figure out the problem.
        Ryoko looked to the hard gray floor and sighed. 'What
do I do? What if Washu's right and there is something
wrong. But I can't bare that dream anymore.'
She sat there trying to think of what to do.
        Tenchi put a hand on her right shoulder and she
looked up at him. He smiled down at her and nodded.
"It'll be all right, I promise." he repeated. She then
gave up and said, "All right, but Tenchi has to be
there when I get out of that hellish dream." she said
in defeat. Tenchi nodded. "I'll e here waiting for
you." He reached for her hand and gripped it in his
and squeezed it lovingly, and she did the same.
        Washu left the small room for a moment and told them
she was going to get a sleeping/re-occurring pill and
some water.
        Tenchi sat down beside Ryoko and held her close to
him in an attempt to get her ready for what was to
come. She only sighed and rested her head on his
shoulder and started to wonder 'why her?'.
        Soon Washu came back and put a couple of sticky
things that had wires hooked on the end of them on
Ryoko's forehead. The wires lead to a small computer
and two monitors, and the computer came to life.
        "Now just relax and swallow this pill." Washu said in
a rather soothing tone.
Ryoko has never heard Washu talk like that before, and
perhaps it was because of that tone in her voice that
gave her the confidence to swallow the pill.
        Ryoko lied back on the bed and prepared herself for
the worst to come.
Tenchi held her hand as she dosed off into a state of
sleep. Once again the dream replayed itself. But it
seemed even more tense. Either that or she just
couldn't go through with it again knowing how it will
end.

        Meanwhile Tenchi and Washu watched the two monitors
closely. One of them where measuring her brain waves
and the other was showing what Ryoko saw in her
dreams.
        "Just as I thought, her brain waves are way off the
scales, and that's not good." Washu said as she
watched the brain wave monitor closely. "I must
analyze these closely." she continued. Tenchi, on the
other hand, could only watch the pain and horror his
beloved was going through.

        It was the worst part of the dream, the part Ryoko
could not bare. Tenchi's death was only a few seconds
away. Tenchi yelled out in pain as the monster tore
him apart and Ryoko could only sit there, helpless as
she saw him getting killed.
        Once again she yelled out in agony as he died right
in front of her, But this time she didn't wake up.
Instead she started to see how it was going to end.
        "That's enough!" Tenchi yelled. He knew that she had
wake up after his death and called out for him twice,
but this time she didn't. "Just one more second."
Washu said as she saw the brain waves intensify.
        Tenchi saw the beast approach her and yelled out,
"I'm ending this now!" He brought her back to the real
world and she was glad he did. Everything froze on the
monitors and Washu started to save the events onto a
memory card.
        Ryoko grabbed Tenchi and cried quietly into his
chest, and Tenchi rubbed her back trying to calm her
down. Washu looked to Ryoko and saw her crying. "Sorry
about what you had to go through Ryoko." she said in
sympathy.

        The next morning Tenchi woke up in his room and
looked at his clock.
        It read 11:16 Am. "Oh, crap!" he said as he kicked
the sheets off of him and jumped out of bed.
        Ryoko slowly came to and looked at a rushing Tenchi
and blinked a couple of times before she too looked at
his clock. "What's the rush?" she asked after she took
a glimpse at his clock.
        "I'm late for my shrine duties." He said as he put on
his shrine pants. She yawned in reply and slowly
started to get out of bed. She wore a large t-shirt
that said 'I was left off for dead in Mexico -- and
all I got was this lousy T-shirt' that belonged to
Tenchi.
        As soon as he was dressed he knelt over and kissed
Ryoko once. "Love you." he said as he ran out of his
room and down the stairs. That gave her somewhat of a
shock when he said 'Love you.' but it quickly wore
off. They where a couple now and she knew that these
things happened.

        Meanwhile back at the lab Washu tried to examine the
last test she took on Ryoko and found something
astonishing. "I thought that's what that was." she
said, she had a hint of worry in the sound of her
voice.
        What she was staring at might be the proof of the
Masaki house hold's death.
When she played the dream back she thought she
recognized the black creature to be an anti Juraian
beast, which meant that they fead off of the blood and
energy of the Juria Royal family. And if a person who
also shared the hatred for the Juraian Empire owned
it, it would obey every order given to it.
        "So, Ryoko wasn't just dreaming out of stress or
fear...... But was having a premonition." Washu said
in a whisper. But when the beast killed every one in
the dream that meant someone was definitely
controlling it, for those beasts never attacked anyone
that was not related to Juria Royal family unless
ordered to.
"This isn't good." thought the mad scientist out loud.
"I better tell them right away."

        Ryoko was trying to figure out what to wear when
Washu shimmered into view at about a foot away from
her. "Well? What where the test conclusions?" Ryoko
asked as she looked at the woman in front of her in
the face.
        "Nothing but bad news I'm afraid. It seems that your
dreams where nothing more than premonitions." Washu
explained. Ryoko could tell that Washu didn't like
this anymore than she did. She hung her head in
disbelief and asked "Are you sure?" in a small voice.
Washu just nodded. She hated to admit it, but it was
true, or her name wasn't Washu Hakubi....... and it
was...
        "So you mean, I have to watch Tenchi get killed right
in front of me?" She started to sob at the thought of
this. She wasn't having a good week no thanks to these
premonitions.
        "Actually, thanks to you and Tenchi when you two came
down to my lab we might be able to twist fate around a
bit and come out of this alive." Washu explained,
giving new hope to her daughter.
        Ryoko's head lifted and a small evil grin was planted
on her face. "Then let's nuke the bastard." It seemed
like Ryoko was back to her normal self.

        Later on at about 1:35 Pm Tenchi, Washu and Ryoko had
the whole group together in the living room for the
worst set of news they would hear yet since their
lives together started. "What do you mean some guy is
going to try and kill us with some Anti Juraian
Beast?!" demanded Kiyone as she jumped off of the
couch. The tealed haired woman wore a pair of blue
jeans and a white t-shirt that was tucked into her
pants and to top it off was a purple vest.
        "I mean, we all need to be on the look out.
Especially Ayeka, Sasami, Tenchi and Yosho." she
explained in a shorter version of what she had told
them.
        Mihoshi seemed to have tears form in her eyes, which
was the typical reaction for the blond GP and Sasami
shuddered at what Washu had just told them.
Ayeka looked down to the floor and said, "I'm sorry
for what you had to live through in those nightmares,
Ryoko." she said in a low tone. Right now all she
could think of was the safety of the Masaki home and
it's occupants.
        "I'm sure we'll make it out of this problem alive,
Sister." said Sasami reassuringly. Ayeka gave her
little sister a weak smile and nodded to show her
thanks for the enlightenment.
        Ryoko sat down by the princess of Juria and smiled in
her own devilish way. "Just think Princess, this thing
doesn't only want your blood and energy but mine too,
so anyway you look at it, we have to face it
together." This was Ryoko's way of saying 'Cheer up.
No one's going to die.' or at least she only hoped.
She looked towards Tenchi and smiled weakly at him,
that was the only way she could think of to keep every
one calm, including herself.
        They had a long road ahead and she was going to try
every thing in her power to keep every one cheerful.
Not only that but she still had to figure out how to
tell Ayeka about Tenchi and herself. She knew Ayeka
wasn't going to like it much but it was better than
catching them in the act.
        Ryoko got up from the couch and walked over to Washu.
"Is there any possible way of knowing when this Beast
thingy is going to attack?" she asked her. She could
only hope there was enough time to start training and
building up her speed and strength. "No way of telling
yet." answered the red headed genius. "My guess would
be if it shows up we'll know, or if the owner of this
beast gives us a heads up." That was the god to honest
truth. For once the Greatest Scientific Genius of the
Universe had no clue as to what was going on. Her best
guess was that the person hated the house of Jurai.
        "Well I say we start training." she paused for a
moment. "Starting tomorrow." Ryoko advised finally.
"That way I can hopefully get some rest. I haven't had
enough sleep to start my training." the space pirate
said with a heavy sigh.
        "I agree with Ryoko. The more we train the better
prepared we are." Kiyone said with a broad smile on
her face. 'I was looking for an excuse to start
training again anyways.' she thought to herself, she
figured this would be the best chance she'd get to do
so.
        Tenchi stepped forward and added, "Kiyone, Mihoshi,
and Ayeka can train together. Washu, Ryoko and I will
train in our own way. Ayeka you are the boss of what
your team does. I'll let Washu lead Ryoko and myself,
because she is the wisest among us three." Washu
elbowed him in the side and gave him a look that said
'stop kissing up.'
        "Tenchi what about me?" the blue haired girl asked.
She hated it when she was left out of things like
this. She also wanted to fight to protect the family.
Tenchi looked at her and tried to think of a good roll
for her.
        "Um, you can be the care taker. Make sure we eat good
and if it comes to it help us nurse ourselves back to
health." He smiled at the little princess. "Is that
alright with you?"
        Sasami finally had something to do to protect the
family. She nodded her head happily and smiled. "I can
do that." This was important to her and she was going
to do her best. She didn't want to disappoint any of
the others.

        It was about 8:00 in the evening and Tenchi and Ryoko
where sitting on the roof of the house looking up at
the sky.
        Ryoko curled up against Tenchi and let out a sigh of
contentment. "So do you think we can actually get out
of this mess alive?" she asked Tenchi quietly.
She didn't want the premonition to come true and see
Tenchi and the others get killed.
        He put an arm around her and said, "We always do."
and he meant it too. They always figured out how to
get of these kinds of messes somehow. They even
survived off of shear dumb luck. He just hoped that
this would be no different.
        Ryoko rolled to her side to face Tenchi. She stared
into his deep brown eyes and smiled.  "Tenchi. This
morning when you said 'Love you' and left for the
shrine did you mean it?" she knew the answer, but she
wanted to hear it from him.
        He looked back at her and nodded. "Of course I did."
he ran his right index figure down the left side of
her cheek as he looked into her eyes. "I will always
love you." He smiled at her warmly.
        She sighed again then got a bit more serious.
"Tenchi, what should we tell Ayeka?" She was wondering
about this since she first saw the princess earlier
that morning.
        "Well, I suppose I could talk to her about it. I'm
guessing that she isn't going to like what I going to
say about it but...." he trailed off and Ryoko began
to feel a bit uncomfortable about his silence. "I love
you and that's all there is to it." he continued. She
felt a bit relieved when he said those words to her.
"I guess I need to work it out in my head of how I'm
going to tell her." His face twisted around from calm
to concentration as he tried to plan out what he would
tell Ayeka.
        She shifted around a bit in his hold and got comfy
again. She looked a little worried. "But still Tenchi.
I just don't want her to get hurt." she admitted.
Tenchi did know the two for not getting along very
well but knew that they could still be nice to each
other when they wanted to. On occasion he caught them
joking around with one another and he even saw them
watch a movie or two together. With out fighting.
(What a miracle...)
        "Well... I guess she'll have to talk to someone she
feels loose around. Like Washu or some one." he
suggested. "I know she's got allot on her mind but
when she finds out about us..... That will tip the
boat for her." he said calmly, yet there was a hint of
concern in his voice. "I care for her in a family sort
of way you know?" he stopped and looked up at the
rising moon.
        "I guess I can relate to that." Ryoko said as she
shifted her gaze to the stars that started to peek out
with the moon. She did love to look at the stars. It
helped her relax when she felt stressed about
something sometimes.

        Out in space there was a ship approaching to Earth at
a high speed. The ship itself seemed Juraian in the
making but not quite. It had some different designs to
it, like the hull of the ship was made of metal and
more oval shape than the standard Tree Ship's hull.
        On board was a tall dark man. His features where
covered by the shadows made by his long black cloak.
But the only thing anyone could tell was that the man
was about 5'8, but that was it.
        Along side the man was the twisted beast Ryoko had
been dreaming about.
It snorted at the small blue planet that had appeared
in the main view screen. The man began to laughed
maniacally at what was to become of his targets.
        "Oh this is so perfect! It's just as I planned. The
space pirate told everyone of the premonitions I sent
her, and now they want to train!" He began to laugh
again at his own muse. "But it's to late for that! But
out of the kindness of my heart, I'll give them three
days. That should be at least a bit of a challenge for
my precious pet!" He looked down to his "pet" and
grinned evilly. "What do you think my little one?" he
asked it.
        It made it's unearthly sounds, but this sounded as
though he was happy at the sound of his master's
voice. "That's what I wanted to hear." said the man.
He went back to looking at the view screen and
grinned.

        Ayeka stood up from the couch and yawned. "I think
I'll go to bed. I will need all the rest I can get."
she started towards the stairs. "I will see you in the
morning Mihoshi and Kiyone." The two looked at her,
"Good night Ayeka." said the Galaxy Police partners in
unison. With that Ayeka went up the stairs and into
Sasami's and her's room and closed the door.
        Kiyone yawned and stretched. "I think we should all
go to bed." Kiyone replied. She got up and lead her
bubble headed partner to the guest room. "Good idea."
said Tenchi as he turned the TV off and started to his
room. Ryoko got the hint and got up and also
stretched. "Yeah. I'm sooo tired." she winked at
Tenchi as she walked toward him.
        They both bolted up the stairs and into his room,
where he closed his door after they both got in. By
this time Ryoko fazed out of her clothes and into a
gray tank top that had yellow lines that went down
each side under her arms and a pair of matching
shorts, but the short's yellow lines wrapped around
about the last inch of each pant leg.
        Ryoko went out onto the small deck just outside of
Tenchi's room. She leaned against the rail and let the
cool night air flow across her face. It felt so nice
and refreshing.
        After Tenchi got into a pair of boxer shorts and a
plain white shirt he joined her outside. He wrapped
his arms around her waist from behind and kissed her
on the neck.
        "It feels so nice out, don't you think so?" Ryoko
asked Tenchi as he looked out towards the lake. "Yeah.
And the moon is hitting the lake just perfectly too."
he added.
        She wrapped her arms around his at her waist and sat
there. She was more than content with her beloved
holding her the way he was. He too was content. He
felt her body warmth and it stirred his senses up a
bit. He never felt this way in his entire life, and to
tell you the truth he was happy to be alone with Ryoko
like this.
        Ryoko yawned rather loudly and turned around in his
grip and wrapped her arms around his neck. "I love
you, Tenchi Masaki." she said in a loving manner.
"And I love you, Ryoko Hakubi." he answered back.
        They both kissed one another passionately, full on
the lips. There tongues intertwined greeting one
another for a second time. It felt nice to them both,
to finally be able hold each other and be able to
kiss.
        After a minute of kissing they stopped and began to
pant for breathe. Ryoko looked up at Tenchi and
suggested they should go to bed.  "I find that a good
idea, you need some rest, besides you'll need what
ever sleep you can get for training tomorrow." he
added.
        So the couple got into bed, Ryoko immediately wrapped
her left arm around his waist while other arm rested
slightly behind his shoulder, her hand hung on to it.
She rested her head on his should too and she closed
her eyes. He put his hand on her left arm and the
other around her back and he held her there and they
both drifted off to sleep.

        The next day was going to be a long and that was for
sure. Tenchi, Ryoko and Washu went down to the lab for
some special training that Washu had made up the night
before. Once inside they approached what seemed to be
a new invention
        "I call this the War Zone." Washu grinned at her new
invention. "I made this last night for our training.."
she continued. "What does it do?" Ryoko asked, a look
of confusion ran across her face along with Tenchi.
Nobody ever knew what to do with Washu's 'Great
Inventions' if a car hit them in the face.
        Washu sighed and continued. "Well, I can change the
way things look inside and I can have holographic
people on the opposite side of us, or on the same
side." She grinned and continued, "It is a day and a
half worth a training out here, but in there, it's a
year and a half worth of training." She now beamed
with delight at her invention and cackled.
        Ryoko leaned over to Tenchi's right ear and
whispered, "Finally. Something useful." then chuckled
and stood up strait again. Tenchi just smiled. Ryoko
could tell he wanted to laugh but he was trying to
hold it back.
        "I also advised Ayeka and the others to come here
and try it out," the mad scientist went on.  "but they
felt that we should take turns. That way they can keep
a look out for the beast." She placed her hands on her
hips and asked, "Any questions?"
        Ryoko's hand popped up and Washu pointed at her. "Um,
mom , If we had to, how do we get out earlier, or if
the others needed us out, how do they get us out?"
Ryoko thought it to be a good enough question for her
mother.
        Washu only shook her head in delight, for the mad
scientist thought ahead of them and said, "There are
two buttons. One out here, and one in there. Any other
questions?" No one said or did anything and Washu
turned towards the machine.
        "Good. Now the first game we shall play is, Capture
the Flag." Tenchi's arms fell slump as did his
shoulders. "Capture the flag?" he repeated. "Yes, only
we shall play it Juraian style."

        Once they figured out that they could only use
standard Tree weapons (such as the energy sword,
staff, and or energy blaster.) and there abilities.
(such as their powers), and that instead of a flag you
had to capture all 3 leaders of the other team. Once
the first person to get a hold of all three and bring
them back the game ends.
        So with that they where standing in the middle of a
jungle. Tenchi looked behind him and noticed a huge
base camp set up and dozens of people where hustling
about dressed in what looked to be Juraian armor.
        "Um, Washu, are we going to be wearing Jurai armor?"
Tenchi asked as he gawked at the base camp. "No, we
will be wearing fatigues." Washu waved a hand and
Tenchi's, Ryoko's and Washu's close were replaced with
army fatigues.
"That armor is very uncomfortable." she said as she
started to type on her holo laptop that had appeared
right in front of her.
        Washu had appointed Tenchi as the leader and Ryoko in
second command, and Washu was just a back up just
incase something where to happen to one of them.
Another words, save the smartest for the last battle.
Washu had always been this way and will be that way.

        "So have we figured out where  the other base is?"
Tenchi asked as a small group of people stood around a
medium sized table looking at a map of the jungle.
"Well we found out that instead of keeping in one
large group they sort of.." the soldier across the
table from Washu trailed off. "They sort of what?"
Ryoko pried.
"They kind of split up into smaller groups positioned
all over the jungle. In a way they have us
surrounded." he answered finally.
        Tenchi and Ryoko looked at each other than back at
the map. "That could be a problem."  Tenchi said
quietly. He sat there thinking of what to do. Should
he split the team up too? No that wouldn't work out,
for one thing they didn't have a clue as to where they
wear. Then he got an idea of patrolling around certain
areas for a certain amount of time with a certain
amount of people.
        He looked towards the soldier that told them what the
situation was and pointed at him. "You gather up six
other soldiers. I want you to patrol this area here."
he made a circular motion of a small place south west
of where they wear at.
"There's a small water whole, there might be a small
camp down there. I want you back in an hour with your
report. Radio us if necessary." Tenchi continued. "Yes
Sir!" the soldier saluted in a Juraian manner and left
the tent.
        "The rest of you do what you need to to prepare for
anything that might come up. Train, eat, take a small
nap, what ever that will get you ready." Tenchi told
the wrest. They all saluted him and left the tent. He
shook his head and chuckled. "I hate the way they
salute." he said a bit amused.
        "So, Washu, will it seem like a year and a half in
here?" Ryoko asked.
Washu nodded. "I'm afraid so." she answered. "Also
since it does seem like a long time in here, try not
to get pregnant, I'm not trying to tease you, but it
wouldn't be a good idea." and with that last remark
Washu left the tent and left Ryoko and Tenchi there
alone.

        Meanwhile Ayeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi sat on the
living room couch, waiting patiently for there turn in
the 'War Zone'. "Do you think we can make it through a
whole year and a half?" Kiyone asked no one in
particular. "I'm sure we will. What I hope is that
Lord Tenchi will be alright with that monster woman."
Ayeka remarked.
        Kiyone guessed that she meant Ryoko. She shook her
head and chuckled in amusement. "Who knows, maybe
they'll come out married!" Kiyone laughed and Mihoshi
could tell Ayeka wasn't liking that idea.
        Ayeka leveled an icy glare at Kiyone. "Shut up! If I
know Lord Tenchi he wouldn't touch that woman in any
sort of sexual manner!" Ayeka yelled out. If they
weren't in the mountains were they where alone someone
might have heard Ayeka a block away.
        Kiyone chuckled and shook her head. "I disagree
Ayeka. Haven't you seen the way Tenchi was acting
around her for the past month?" she questioned the
princess. "It's totally obvious that he likes her in
more ways than one." she explained calmly.
        Kiyone was right and didn't even know it. But she did
have the feeling that there would be fire works
between the two of them. The only thing was Kiyone
didn't know if Tenchi told Ryoko or not.

        Mean while back in the 'War Zone' it was night fall
already. Ryoko and Tenchi lied in a large futon in the
captain's tent. "How long do you think we've actually
been in here?" Ryoko asked Tenchi. He shrugged. "Hard
to tell." he replied with a yawn.
        She rolled onto her side and placed her left hand on
his chest and looked at him. "Tenchi?" he looked back
at her. "Hm?" She looked for the right words then
asked, "When Washu said 'Don't get pregnant'.......
Did you say something about it to her?" she asked. She
felt her heart pound and her face turn red from all
the blood rush. Tenchi smiled at her. "No. But one day
we might be able to start a family."
        She wrapped her left arm around Tenchi's waist and
rested her head on his shoulder. She heard his heart
beat steadily like a soothing melody all of it's own.
The redness in her cheeks never left.
        "I just found a secret weapon for our war against the
other side." Tenchi
said suddenly. Ryoko looked up at Tenchi. "What might
that be?" Tenchi said nothing but instead pulled a
fuzzy little cabbit named Ryo-ohki out of the futon.
        "Ryo-ohki!" Ryoko shouted out. "How the hell did she
get in here?!" she yelled out. The cabbit meowed at
Ryoko and Ryoko slapped her forehead. "How do you
think you'll be helpful?" Ryoko demanded Tenchi looked
at Ryoko. He knew of a way that the cabbit could help.
"Ryoko, she might be able to warn us before the enemy
comes along and surprise us by telling you through
that link."
        Ryoko sat there thinking to herself about this. She
finally nodded and said, "All right. But the instant
she gets in the way she's out of it." Ryo-ohki meowed
happily and hopped to the end of the futon where she
curled up to sleep.

        "Lunch is ready!" Sasami called out to the three
woman that where bent over a large piece of paper that
had a bunch of scribbles on it. They looked over
towards the kitchen as they saw the biggest meal they
have ever seen.
        They slowly reached the table and when they got there
Ayeka asked, "How much of that are we going to eat?"
Sasami smiled and handed them all at least one of
everything. "At least two and a half helpings." she
answered. "What?!" demanded Ayeka and Kiyone. Mihoshi
seemed to be the only one happy.



More notes:
        Yeesh! That was the first fan fic I ever wrote. I
hope you people liked it. True Love Part 2 should be
coming soon. And for you Ayeka fans don't you worry!
I'm going to have a sequel when this story ends. I
don't know the plot line but don't you worry, Ayeka
will have a new love and I will make sure they get
together. Well I seriously hope you liked the first
part of my story, and do forgive me for my mistakes, I
should get better with practice. For your comments
e-mail me at: the_demon_sumoner_ryoko@yahoo.com and
label the subject True Love comments or I'll never
read it for I have a fear for a computer virus!
