Disclaimer: I do not own Tenchi Muyo and or the
Characters. I do not wish to be held responsible for
anything illegal, for this is a fan fic and I have
seen others do it and figured it was safe. I am not in
any way work related to Pioneer or any other anime
company so do not purchase, sell, or anything of the
sort. Thank you!

True Love Part 2

        The Day and a half seemed to have past quickly for
the three woman waiting for their turn in Washu’s
machine. The doors opened up and three familiar people
stepped out of the ‘War Zone’.
        Tenchi came out dressed in his camouflaged clothes.
His left pant leg had a large hole in it and his shirt
was smudged with dirt and mud. Ryoko came out beside
him in her plain green fatigues, her shirt was a
makeshift for a tank top and her pants where also cut
up into shorts. Washu, on the other hand was all nice
and tidy in her old science academy uniform.
        Tenchi’s looks seemed to have changed a bit though.
His hair had grown out long and put into a pony tail.
To much surprise Ayeka recalled the last time his hair
looked like that was the time when they tried to get
him back from Haruna, who Ryoko lovingly gave her the
nick ‘The Dead Tree Lady”. He also had some facial
hair growing in for he hadn’t shaved in a couple of
weeks in the ‘War Zone’.
        “Tenchi! What on earth possessed you to look like
such a punk!” Ayeka yelled out at him. She was fuming
mad at this scenery. She knew Ryoko was going to be a
bad influence on Tenchi in that machine.
        Tenchi looked himself over quickly then up at Ayeka.
“Ayeka calm down.” he said calmly. “I have been
through multiple wars.” he continued. He had to admit
he was slacking off a bit with keeping up with his
hair and such.
        Ryoko was quick to jump to his defense. “And, there
isn’t a parlor he can just go to in the middle of all
that!” Ayeka sat there to think about this. It finally
dawned to her that she too might come out a bit
different. But that didn’t mean she would apologize to
a space pirate. She just huffed and walked for the
training room.

        After they saw Ayeka, Kiyone and Mihoshi off to there
turn of training Tenchi went up to the bathroom to
shave. Ryoko phased in behind him as he looked his
hair over. “What do you think, Ryoko? Should I cut it
or keep it as long as it is?” he asked her. She simply
shrugged as she rested her chin on his shoulder and
wrapped her left arm around his other shoulder and he
right arm around his waist.
        “I like it longer.” she replied. “You look more
handsome that way.” she smiled at him as he smiled
back. He looked himself in the mirror again. “You
really think so?” Her smile turned into a grin as she
proceeded to answer his question. “Would I lie to
you?” he shook his head as he turned around to face
her.
        It might have been only it may have been about three
days in the real world but to him it has been over a
year of being with her, and through that whole time
with her she hasn’t lied to him about anything. “I do
look handsome don’t I.” he said playfully as he
brought her closer to him and he pressed his lips
against hers for a kiss. As they kissed Sasami went
passed the bathroom and saw them in the corner of her
pink eye and turned to face them.
        “Wow! When did you two get together!” she said in an
excited tone. They broke away from each other
remembering where they where. Tenchi blushed as Ryoko
tried to explain what was what to the little princess.


        Washu was watching a large monitor closely. On the
screen was Ayeka and Kiyone deciding what to do in
there first training game. Washu Couldn’t help but
grin. She knew that they would be good and ready when
the beast and it’s owner came along. Tenchi and
Ryoko’s powers and strength had risen allot since
there training in the  ‘War Zone’.
        The only thing that worried the mad scientist was
whether the enemy was participating on this. That
alone could be a major problem. She just hoped that
the enemy wasn’t as strong as the group would be as
soon as they where done with there training.
        Sure, they could go into the training machine as many
times as they wanted to but she just had a feeling
that it wasn’t going to be long before the creature
showed up. The creature themselves where pretty
powerful but the master had to be at least 2x the
strength, speed, and the intelligents than itself
before they would obey them.
        “You two must be starving!” Sasami said as she placed
tons of food on the table. There was enough to feed a
king and more. Ryoko and Tenchi nodded at the sight of
the meal that was sat down in front of them. They
began to dig into the food. The whole seen seemed like
something from the show Slayers Next or Try with the
way they where eating. It was like Lina and Gourry all
over again.
        Sasami sat there astonished at the whole scenery. “I
guess I was right.” was all the little princess could
say as the whole meal disappeared from the table and
into there stomachs. It was about this time when Washu
came out of her lab to have some lunch also. Washu was
use to seeing Tenchi and Ryoko eat like this after a
month of intensive training. She saw the look of aw on
Sasami’s face as she sat down at the table. “Oh, don’t
worry about that. They eat like that all the time
anymore.” said the genius as she took all the food she
would want before The other two would grab it.
        Soon all the food was gone and Ryoko leaned back and
patted her belly. “Ah, that was good!” she exclaimed.
“Ya, I haven’t had a good meal like that in a while!”
chimed Tenchi. Washu too was done eating. She nodded
in agreement. “Yes, that was the best meal we’ve had
in a while.”

        “Yes, eat all you want.” said the man on the space
ship. “It will be your last!” he crooked. The Anti
Juraian Beast seemed to agree with his master as it
made some more of it’s strange noise.
        The man looked down at his pet and said, “Get ready,
as soon as the others get back from the training
session it will be time to attack.” The beast ran off
into the darkness of the ship as he heard his masters
words.
        “Soon we will be rid of the Juraian family and I will
be the ruler of the universe!” he shouted out with his
own twisted way of joy. He began to laugh manically at
the thought of this.


        It was later into the evening and Ryoko and Tenchi
sat outside on the roof.
Ryoko was snuggled up to Tenchi’s left side as his arm
was wrapped around her waist. They sat there in
silence enjoying the first quiet evening they’ve had
in what seemed to be a long time. “Tenchi, do you
think we will be strong enough when the time comes?”
Tenchi shifted a bit with out startling Ryoko and
looked at her. He put a hand on her cheek and looked
into her eyes. “Of course I do.” he answered. “I have
confidence that we will all make it out with out a
single scratch.” he continued.
        She rested her head on his shoulder and breathed in
the familiar smells of the country side deeply. His
words seemed to have comforted her. She placed a hand
on his chest and felt the steady beating of his heart.

        Her touch seemed to have aroused his senses and
chills ran down his back. Since they got together they
haven’t been able to think about the future or be by
themselves for some good quality time. This was sort
of upsetting him. All he wanted to do was be with his
only love, but for now that seemed impossible. Their
main focus was on the battle to come.
        Ryoko could sense that something was on his mind and
looked into his gentle brown eyes. “What’s wrong,
Tenchi?” she asked him with concern. Her voice brought
him back to reality.
        “When this is over let’s go on a trip. What do you
say?” This startled the space pirate for a moment. She
then smiled and nodded. “Sounds like fun.” This
brought up the memory of the one thing they failed to
mention to Ayeka.
        “Tenchi, we still haven’t told Ayeka about us yet.”
Ryoko said quietly. Tenchi sighed to himself and
kicked himself inwardly for forgetting. Over their
time in the ’War Zone’ he forgot about how he was
going to tell the princess. “I guess I’ll have to talk
to her when she gets out of the training program.” he
replied.

        Well with the rest of the day and a half Tenchi and
Ryoko sparred with each other while Washu taught
Sasami some things about nursing people to health.
Soon it was time for the others to come out of Washu’s
invention.
        Tenchi and Ryoko greeted their friends when they came
out of their training games. “Where is Sasami?” Ayeka
asked as she looked around the small crowed of people.
“Oh she’s up getting some vegetables for dinner.”
Ryoko answered. Ayeka nodded and sighed with relief.
        As soon as they all got to where Washu was she handed
everyone a two way radio. “These will help us keep in
track of each other just incase we are apart when the
time comes to battle the monster.” Washu explained.
Ayeka opened her mouth to question Washu about what
channel they should be on. As if Washu knew her
question she answered, “We will stay on channel 14.”
        As soon as the group got their instructions for watch
out and such they started up to the house from Washu’s
lab. Tenchi pulled Ayeka away from the group to talk
to her. Just as he was about to tell Ayeka about
himself and Ryoko’s relation ship when they all heard
Sasami scream from just outside the house.
        All heads snapped in the direction of the scream.
“Sasami!” Ayeka yelled out as she dashed for the door.
Ryoko did the same but was the first to reach for the
door. Ryoko opened it up quickly to come face to face
with the beast.
        “No you won’t!” Ryoko shouted as she flew right for
Sasami. She grabbed the girl just in time as the beast
leaped for the girl but ran into the wall of the
house.
Ryoko made a quick U-turn for the house and flew into
the open door. She placed Sasami down on the floor and
Mihoshi slammed the door shut.
        They all jumped as they heard a loud bang on the
door. “It’s trying to get in!” Kiyone shouted as she
reached for her Galaxy Police blaster. She pulled it
out of it’s holster and pointed  it at the door.
Mihoshi responded in the same way as she steadily held
the blaster towards the door.
        The whole time Ryoko thought ‘Mihoshi must have
gotten a bit smarter.’ She shook her head. No time to
think about that. “Washu, the beast has arrived!”
Ayeka shouted into her radio. “Already?!” demanded the
genius. “I’ll be right there.”
        Just as Washu phased into the room the door busted
open and beast leaped in. It looked exactly like it
did in Ryoko’s dreams. This scared her but she tried
to keep calm.
Tenchi pulled Tenchi-ken out of his belt and it
ignited it’s brilliant blue blade and Washu and
Ryoko’s energy swords appeared. “Fire!” shouted Kiyone
as laser blasts lanced forward from her gun. Mihoshi
started to shoot her gun as well, but the beast’s
speed was incredibly fast for the GPs to take an
accurate shot.
        It leaped right at Kiyone. She quickly rolled out of
the way and took aim at the creature and opened fire
once again. It dodged once again as it advanced for
Kiyone. Ryoko charged it from behind and slashed her
sword at it with blinding speed. It struck it’s slimy
rubbery flesh and it yelled out in pain as green gooey
blood gushed out of it’s open wound.
        It whirled around and shot an energy blast at Ryoko
from it’s mouth. It connected with the space pirate
and she flew back into the wall screaming in pain the
whole way there. It charged at her with out
hesitation. It stopped a foot away from her and opened
it’s mouth as it made that unearthly noise.
        Ryoko began to back up against the wall and began to
quiver with fear. It’s yellowish white teeth gleamed
with the light provided in the house. This was it,
Ryoko thought. She was a goner. It leaped at her as
Tenchi dashed across the room towards the beast.
“NOOO!” He shouted as he jabbed Tenchi-ken into it’s
back in mid-air.
        Ryoko quickly got out of the way as the shrieking
beast and Tenchi slammed into the wall where she was
just at. They went right through it as if it was
paper. But the beast was far from finished. It was now
pissed at Tenchi and they engaged into a brawl between
razor sharp teeth and claws and swords.
        Ryoko quickly regained her footing and got up and ran
for the hole. “Tenchi!” she shouted as she stopped in
front of the large hole in the wall. She watched as
Tenchi fought the beast. She couldn’t stand to sit
around and watch her love get killed like in her
dream.
        She leaped through the hole to join the battle.
“Ryoko no!” Sasami shouted as she to went for the hole
after her best friend. Kiyone stopped her and Ayeka
went through the hole instead. “Let me go!” Sasami
shouted. Kiyone just restrained her in a tight grip as
the blue haired girl struggled about.
        In the other room was a heated battle between man and
beast as the three warriors fought to their best
abilities against the creature of darkness. It shot
another energy blast at Ayeka and sent her flying
through the wall creating another hole. The princess
landed on the floor in a heap. She was out cold.
        Sasami rushed to her sisters aid and looked her over
for any internal injuries.  “Mihoshi, get the beam
canon!” Kiyone shouted. With a nod of her head she
spun around and dashed for a huge wooden crate and
pride it open. Inside was a large bazooka like weapon
and Mihoshi grabbed it.
        She returned to her partners side as Kiyone grabbed a
rifle blaster. “When I say, blast that damn thing to
hell!” she ordered. They took aim at it through the
second hole. “Nuke it!” Kiyone shouted. With that
Mihoshi shot her beam canon as Kiyone got multiple
shots towards the beast.
        It reared on it’s hind legs and shouted out with pain
as the blasts hit it in the left side piercing through
it‘s skin. Tenchi didn’t hesitate. He brought his
sword over his head and swung it down for the
creatures neck. with a loud whack it’s head fell to
the floor as did the rest of the body with a loud
thud.
        Washu looked up from Ayeka to Tenchi and then to the
beast. Every one shouted with joy as they
congratulated one another. Tenchi took Ryoko into his
arms and they kissed each other. Washu stood up from
her kneeling position and said loud enough for every
one to hear her, “I wouldn’t celebrate just yet. We
still have it’s master to confront.”
        An evil laughter roared through out the house as the
dark man appeared out of nowhere. “Well, well. It
looks like you got the best of my pet.” he grinned. He
withdrew the hood of his long cloak and the light hit
his face to reveal their enemy. “I have to admit I
underestimated you. But your still not a match for
me.” he chuckled at his own amusement.
        His features where that of a 30 year old man. He had
a large scare running down the left cheek of his face.
His blackish gray hair went past his shoulders and it
was held in a pony tail. “I must say that I am very
impressed at your show of skills as a warrior Tenchi
Masaki.” he continued. “But I am unlike any other
enemy you have encountered in this life time.” Tenchi
let go of Ryoko and stepped in front of her as if to
protect her.
        “Well it seems that you know my name. Now tell me
yours and what you want with me and my family!” Tenchi
demanded. He was ready and willing to die to protect
his family if necessary. “My name is, Karumitsu and I
want to destroy you.” he answered calmly.
        He tilted his head a bit and said, “I’ll tell you
what, I’ll give you one week to train and prepare.
Then come up to space and we can settle this there in
my ship. It‘s in orbit of the earth.” his grin turned
to an evil smile and continued, “If you lose, well
I’ll destroy you and your family.” Tenchi looked
Karumistu in the eyes. “And if I win?” he asked.
Karumitsu smile widened. “Then I’ll leave you and your
family alone.” he replied. ”But I doubt that you will
be able to stop me.”
        Tenchi nodded his head. “Deal.” he said firmly, and
with that Karumitsu left. Ryoko grabbed Tenchi by the
arm and turned him to face her. He could see that
tears began to swell in her eyes. “Are you crazy?!”
she demanded. “Didn’t you feel his power?! He will
destroy you!” her head hung and she looked down to the
floor, her voice was breaking and he could tell that
she was scared of losing him.
        He placed his hands on her shoulders and smiled
warmly to her. He lifted  her head up gently and
looked into her golden feline eyes. “You won’t lose
me, I promise.” he said in a soothing tone. She
collapsed into his arms and began to cry.
Her dream was coming true, but instead of the creature
ripping him to pieces it was the new comer that would
kill him, and she feared that she wouldn’t be able to
help him.
        At about this time Ayeka was regaining consciousness.
She sat up slowly and rubbed her head. “What
happened?” she asked with a groggy voice. Sasami
whirled around and giggled happily at the sight of her
sister being ok.
        Ayeka looked up to find Tenchi trying to help Ryoko
stop crying. She didn’t understand what happened. “I
said what happened?” she said loud enough for every
one to hear. “Tenchi is going to go fight Karumitsu,
the creatures owner.” Washu explained.
        “Then what is the deal with Tenchi cuddling with
Ryoko over there?!” she demanded. If their wasn’t one
thing she didn’t like was the fact that Tenchi had his
arms around the space pirate. Tenchi broke away from
the weeping Ryoko and looked at Ayeka. “I wanted to
tell you under different circumstances but I guess I
have no choice now.” he said quietly. Ryoko was now
holding him from behind crying into his back. He
sighed and continued. “I love Ryoko, and nothing can
change the way I feel about her, and she’s upset that
I have to fight Karumitsu.” he explained.
        Ayeka couldn’t believe what was happening to her.
Tenchi had chosen Ryoko, a space pirate, when he could
have had her, a beautiful princess. She was hurt and
tears where burning in her eyes. “When where you
planning to tell me?! And when did this happen?!” she
demanded, her voice breaking.
        Ryoko, who noticed that Ayeka was upset and tried to
subside most of her tears   and looked at the princess
who was obviously starting to cry. “I’m sorry if you
are feeling hurt right now Ayeka but it’s not Ryoko’s
fault.” he said calmly. “I told her that I loved her,
she didn’t push me into anything.”
        This wasn’t helping Ayeka out and Ryoko could tell.
She took a step forward and looked at her in the eyes.
“Ayeka, I didn’t want for him to tell you like this, I
was worried that you would be hurt.” Ryoko said in a
soothing tone. “I’m sure there’s someone else out
there for you.” she continued.
        Ayeka couldn’t take anymore. She stood up and looked
a Ryoko and blurted out, “I don’t need to hear this
from you! I have enough on my mind! So go ahead, take
him!” and with that Ayeka ran off to her room.
        Ryoko looked at Tenchi with a look of concern. Tenchi
shook his head. “She doesn’t want to talk to me right
now, she’s to hurt.” he told her. Sasami stood up and
said, “I’ll talk to her.” She turned towards Ayeka’s
and her room and walked out of the living room.
        Washu looked to Tenchi. “We better get you into that
training room again.” she said breaking the gloomy
mood. “We can’t afford to worry about people’s
feelings right now.” Washu turned to her lab entrance
and grabbed Tenchi by the arm and pulled him toward
the door. “I’m going too, I might not be involved in
the next fight, but it’s just in case.” Ryoko said as
she followed them into the lab.

        Deep into Washu’s lab Washu made some adjustments on
’War Zone’.
“All right, I set the timer for four days. That will
be four years in there.” she looked from Tenchi to
Ryoko. “It won’t age you in there so I think you
should be fine.” she continued. Tenchi nodded.
“Right.” was his reply.
        Washu opened the door and waved for them to walk in.
Ryoko went in first. Tenchi was about to go in after
her when Washu stopped him. “I’m serious now. I know
that four years will be a long time, but don’t get her
pregnant.” she warned. “It would be dangerous.” She
handed Tenchi a box of “things” to prove a point.
Tenchi grabbed them and blushed badly.
        She grinned. “You better go, and don’t worry about
Ayeka. She’ll be fine.” and she pushed Tenchi into the
machine. The doors closed and the first training
program began.
        It was an old civil war and the clothes on Tenchi and
Ryoko changed to fatigues. They heard Washu’s voice
boom out every where. “This is an ancient civil war
that happened on a distant planet. Don’t you worry,
you’ll figure the technology out pretty quick.” she
explained. “This war will last until your training is
over. Good luck.” and with that Tenchi and Ryoko where
left alone to figure out how to get along alone.

        Karumitsu felt Tenchi’s and Ryoko’s powers grow by
each hour. It was like something he never felt before.
This confused him. He couldn’t figure it out. Since
the beast was killed he no longer could tell what was
going on. He made the creature stalk the family since
it could teleport any where, but planet Jurai since
Jurai had a special force field surrounding it, so he
got reports from the Masaki home through his link with
the beast. But now he had to guess.
        “Damn that boy! I will make him suffer!” he shouted
out to no one in particular. He didn’t want to worry
about them now. He was still stronger than them and so
he felt that he had no reason to worry about them. But
something inside him told him he was going to have a
hard time trying to defeat the boy.

        Back on earth Ayeka wasn’t doing so good. She sat on
her futon crying to herself. In her mind repeated ’Why
didn’t Tenchi love me the way I loved him?’
This continued to run through her mind until she heard
a light knock on the door.
        She wiped the tears from her eyes and sniffed. “Who
is it?” she asked as her voice began to break again.
“It’s me, Sasami.” Sasami said in a soothing tone of
voice. Ayeka once again wiped the tears from her eyes
as she said, “Come in.”
        Sasami entered the room and closed the door behind
her. She looked at her older sister who was on the
verge of a complete breakdown. “Don’t be sad sister.”
said the little princess. She had never seen Ayeka
like this before and it broke her heart.
        Usually her sister tried to be strong in front of her
but this was a completely different situation. “Why
not? The only man I ever loved is dating the most
wanted criminal in the universe.” She cried out. “Tell
me Sasami, how can I not be sad?!” she snapped.
        Sasami’s expression turned from concern to hurt.
Ayeka sniffed and looked to her little sister. “I’m
sorry Sasami, I’m just in allot of despair right now.”
It was the truth. But her sister seemed to understand
as she sat down by her.
        “Don’t worry about it. To tell you the truth I myself
seemed a bit hurt too.” this was a lie because she had
figured that this would happen about a year ago.
Tenchi’s attitude towards Ryoko had changed allot and
that’s what set the little princess’s mind to when he
was going to tell Ryoko.
        Ayeka seemed to calm down a bit when she heard this
from Sasami. “Really? I didn’t know you liked Tenchi.”
she said with a sniff. Sasami simply nodded. Ayeka
felt a little better when she heard that she wasn’t
the only one with a broken heart.

        “Tenchi you need a shave.” Ryoko said as she rubbed
Tenchi’s growing beard. Tenchi was now rubbing the
ruff surface of his chin. He smiled at her and
acknowledged her with a small kiss.
        They haven’t kissed one another in about two weeks.
They where so busy with their programmed war. Ryoko
giggled as they kissed. The small bristle like hair
tickled her chin and small parts of her cheeks.
        She pulled away from the kiss and looked at her
beloved. “I’ve never kissed you with a beard.” she
said chuckling as she scratched the itch away from her
chin. He winked at her and smiled. “There’s a first
time for everything.” he said as he brought her closer
to him.
        The way he said that gave her a certain spark that
she knew all to well. She placed a hand on the center
of his chest and she looked into his eyes. They seemed
to have sparked with mischief. She never seen that in
his eyes before but knew all to well what it meant.
        “Now, now Tenchi.” she cooed into his left ear. “We
can “play” later,” she continued to whisper in his
ear. He was used to this but still couldn’t help but
blush.
He kissed her on the cheek once then said, “I’m going
to shave.” and he left the tent and out of her view.
        She smiled to herself and shook her head. She began
to tidy things up a bit in their tent when one of the
soldiers entered the tent. “I’m sorry to barge in like
this ma’am but the enemy is on their way for an
attack.” Ryoko looked up at the soldier and nodded.
“I’ll get Tenchi, you ready the troops.” Ryoko ordered
him.
        “Yes, ma’am right away!” He saluted her and left the
tent. She was getting used to this ordering people
around. She actually enjoyed it to a certain extent.
She sighed and walked out of the tent.
        She searched the crowed of soldiers for the face of
her love. She headed towards the makeshift of a
washroom and stopped in front of the entrance.
“Tenchi?” she called into the tent. “Come in.” he said
when he realized that it was Ryoko outside.
        She entered the tent as he wiped off the rest of the
shaving cream. “The enemy is advancing and I ordered
for every one to prepare for battle.” she said calmly.
This was the one thing she was getting tired of.
        Even though it wasn’t real she hated to order the
soldiers to battle knowing that some will die. Tenchi
immediately stopped what he was doing and turned for
the exit. He and Ryoko left the wash room and into the
crowed of rushing soldiers.
        “The enemy is approaching!” they heard someone shout
as he rushed through the swarm of people. Tenchi and
Ryoko started for the weapon tent in a run. “Shit, I
thought we would have a little bit of time to plan out
a strategy!” Tenchi yelled out loud enough for Ryoko
to hear him.
        They reached the weapon tent and grabbed a rifle and
two hand guns each and some ammunition. They holstered
the hand guns to their waste and dashed out to the
front line.
        Once they reached the front they saw a whole swarm of
marching soldiers approach their position. “We’re
going to have to wing this one guys!” Tenchi shouted
out to his men. “Once this battle is over take any war
spoils you can find!” he continued.
        Ryoko cocked her gun. She nudged Tenchi to get his
attention. He turned to face her. “What is it?” he
asked calmly. She pointed out to the enemy and said,
“I think we’re going to have to call for back up.” she
said in a nervous tone.
        Tenchi looked out to the enemy soldiers and nodded.
It looked as if there was a thousand of them. He
turned around. “You, radio for back up.” he ordered.
The man saluted and ran to a nearby radio station and
shouted some commands of his own into the radio’s
microphone.
        The enemy started to fire there weapons and three men
went down in front. “Open fire!” Tenchi shouted and
his men did as they where told. This continued for two
hours before the enemy began to retreat back into the
forest that surrounded the base camp.
        The small amount of men that where left cheered and
Tenchi and Ryoko gave each other glances of relief to
each other. Tenchi then looked at his remaining men on
defense. “All right go get those war spoils!” He
shouted out.
        Every one jumped over the wall and searched the dead
bodies for guns and ammunition. Ryoko and Tenchi went
back towards the camp to tell everyone the good news.

        It was night fall at the Masaki house and Ayeka was
still in her room depressed at what happened earlier
in the day. She wouldn’t even eat her dinner she was
so depressed.
She looked at a family photo in her hand and a tear
dripped down onto it as she sniffed and wiped the rest
of the tears away.
        She knew that there was nothing she could do to
change Tenchi’s mind but she still felt that her love
for him was greater than Ryoko’s love. She heard a
knocking at the door and she shoved the photograph
under her pillow.
        “Come in.” she said as she wiped the tears away.
Washu entered her room and looked down at the
princess. She felt nothing but sympathy towards her.
But Washu knew Ayeka was going to be like this for
months on end if she wasn’t slapped into reality,
maybe not physically but mentally.
        “Look Ayeka, I know that your hurt and everything but
don’t sit up here all day and all night like I know
your going to do.” Washu said carefully. She knew
Ayeka couldn’t take a lecture right now so she tried
the best approach to a woman with a broken heart.
        Ayeka looked up at the mad scientist. “What do you
know?!” the princess demanded. Washu shook her head.
She knew that Ayeka was far off in some distant time
and place.
        Washu crossed her arms and looked at Ayeka with a
defiant look in her eyes. “Now don’t you be bitchy to
me. That isn’t going to work with me.” she said
firmly. Ayeka needed to learn how to control her
feelings with out redirecting them to others to make
it look like she was the victim.
        Ayeka was a bit shocked at Washu’s tone of voice but
huffed loudly. She turned away from Washu and stared
off into her own world again. “Damnit Ayeka. Tenchi
tried to tell you nicely, I know your sister tried to
talk to you and now your bitching me out for something
I didn’t do.” Washu was getting pissed at Ayeka’s
attitude.
        “Fine. Stay here and feel sorry for yourself.” Washu
said as she turned for the door. “I only wanted to
help.” she added as she left Ayeka alone. Ayeka
realized what she was doing only moments after Washu
left. Washu was right. She was being awfully moody to
everyone, and the truth was she was getting angry at
them. They didn’t even do anything to her.
        She got up and left her room for the first time since
she got the news that day. She slowly walked to the
living room and saw everyone sitting on the couch.
They where watching a movie on the TV. When Ayeka
reached the group she began to say, “I’m sorry for the
way I was acting.”
        Washu raised an eyebrow. Even though she didn’t get
to say what she wanted to she still got the same
results. Well almost. “Why the sudden change?” Washu
grinned playfully at the princess. The princess
grinned back weakly and said, “Let’s just say I got
a,” she paused looking for the right words. “I got
bitched out.” she said finally, hesitating at the word
bitched.

        Three years seemed to have gone by way to long for
Ryoko. She wanted out but didn’t want to leave Tenchi
in the machine alone. They could actually get wounded
and
Ryoko learned that the hard way when she took a bullet
for one of the men.
        So it was for that reason why she lied on a
uncomfortable bed in the infirmary. Her left shoulder
was wrapped up. It was probably almost time for Tenchi
to come by for his daily visit and change her bandage.
Just as she was thinking about him he walked into the
tent.
        “How you feeling?” he asked with a smile. She
searched for an answer to his question. “I’ve been
better.” she finally replied. He chuckled as he took
some dry clean rags from a small cabinet and moved
towards her bed.
        She lied their and watched his movements closely as
he gently unwrapped her dirty rags. His touch was
gentle as he dabbed her wound with a warm wet washrag.
She noticed that his mind was focused as he worked on
fixing her up with a new bandage.
         When he was finished he flashed a smile and said,
“Done.” in his cheery tone.
Ryoko smiled at him. “You have a gentle touch, you
know that?” she said gently. He blushed a bit. “I
guess it comes with practice.” he said playfully. She
hit him in the left arm with her good arm in her own
reply.
        He only grinned and winked at her. He leaned over and
kissed her on the lips once then pulled away, teasing
her a bit. Ryoko gave him a playful face of
disappointment. She then put her good hand around his
neck and brought him down and they kissed fully this
time.

        Washu watched them from a monitor in her lab and
chuckled. She had been watching them get closer and
closer for the past three days. She figured it was a
matter of time before he asked the big question to
her.
        Back in the living room Ayeka was acting as though
she was feeling better about the whole Tenchi and
Ryoko situation when she was actually still hurt and
crushed on the inside. She just had to accept the fact
that he loved Ryoko more than her, but it was hard to
swallow.
        Nubuyuki was grumbling to himself as he was fixing
the two large holes in the wall. This wasn’t what he
really wanted to do on his day off. He had to tare
most of the wall down to fix it up just right.
        “This is quite the pickle we’re in.” Kiyone said to
Sasami while she prepared lunch. “Yes, I just hope
Tenchi and Ryoko are getting stronger in that thing
Washu made.” Sasami added. Kiyone nodded in agreement.


        Soon the fourth day past and it was time for Tenchi
and Ryoko to come out from their training. Washu
looked them for any dullness in their senses and
strength before she let them go.
        Tenchi hadn’t changed his looks one bit in the past
four days AKA four years.
Ryoko hadn’t changed either. She enjoyed her looks the
way they where and Tenchi would agree with her full
heartedly.
        They had surpassed every one in speed and strength
and they proved that by accident when they put a hole
in the kitchen cupboard. Nubuyuki wasn’t very happy
with that, for he hadn’t even finished fixing the
wall. (Poor Nubuyuki.... O.o;)
        The whole day Tenchi and Ryoko couldn’t help but lay
about and be lazy. They had been through allot and
they weren’t about to work for their last day before
the final battle they have been waiting for.
        But Ryoko felt very uneasy about what was going to
happen. She didn’t want to lose her love just after
they went through allot together in there
relationship. She heard the soft voice in her head as
she recalled what he said in their time in training.
‘Don’t worry, I’ll come back to you alive, and when I
do we can start to actually relax and spend some
quality time together.’

        That night as she and Tenchi lied in his soft bed she
couldn’t help but get very upset. “Tenchi, you have to
promise to come back to me.” she said breaking the
silence of the night. He looked down at her and gave
her a reassuring smile. “I promise.” he said. He
planted a kiss on her forehead.
        That didn’t seem to settle things for her though.
“Tenchi, I mean it.” she said firmly. “Give me a
promise to back up your promise.” she pleaded. He knew
what she meant. She wanted him to tell her that their
will be something rewarding at the end of this. “When
I get back we can start planning out our future. I
promise.” he said with more feeling this time. He
meant it too. He wanted to ask her to marry him, but
he didn’t want to ask her with out the engagement
ring.
        That seemed to assure her a bit. They both had a hard
time getting to sleep that night. They where both
worried that they wouldn’t see each other but wouldn’t
confess it. Tenchi wasn’t about to confess the fact
that he was scared. He was scared that all his
training would be for nothing and that he was going to
lose everything he loves.
        The next day came by rather quickly and Tenchi had to
prepare himself for what was to come. Kiyone said she
would give him a ride to Karumitsu’s ship that was in
orbit of the planet.
        Ryoko stood in front of her love and held her arms
together. She was nervous and scared that she was
going to lose him for forever. He tried his best to
comfort her. “Tenchi, I don’t want to go by yourself.”
Ryoko pleaded. Tenchi shook his head. “Ryoko, I have
to. I promise, when I get back we can start our life
together.” This gave her a little hope.
        She pulled out an old piece of silk and handed it to
Tenchi. “I know it’s not much but it’s a fine piece of
Juraian silk I took one time.” she explained. “Keep it
with you. It’ll bring you luck. It has me.”
        Her head hung down low in sadness. A tear ran down
her right cheek and he noticed this. He placed his
left hand under her chin and raised her head up
gently. He wiped the tear away with his thumb. “Hey,
it’ll be ok.” he said calmly.
        He leaned over and kissed her passionately. She
concentrated every thing she had into the kiss. Once
they pulled away he smiled at her. “I love you, Ryoko
Hakubi.” She looked him in the face and said, “I love
you, Tenchi Masaki.” and with that he boarded the
Yagami and the ship took off.  Now alls there was to
do was to wait and hope.

        “We will intercept Karumitsu’s ship in fifteen
minutes.” Kiyone’s voice bellowed from the intercom in
the hallway Tenchi stood in. He gripped Tenchi-ken
tightly in his left hand as he waited for the battle
to come.
        Thoughts of his time with everyone rushed through his
mind. The memory of his loved one’s voice, laughter,
intelligents and grace burned in the back of his mind
most of all. He had to come back to her, he just had
to.

        Back on earth Ryoko sat on the couch. Her legs where
tucked under her, her elbow rested on the arm of the
couch and her chin rested on the palm of her hand. The
TV was on. She tried to watch it to take her mind off
of things. But it wasn’t working.
        Her mind was focused on Tenchi. She remembered how he
showed her that he loved her, and how Washu caught
them kissing. She chuckled at that. It seemed so long
ago when that happened.
        Ayeka also was worried over Tenchi. She wondered if
he was ok. She was also lost in thought though. She
remembered how they first met. She even remembered the
time when they fought Kagato on Jurai when they tried
to clear their names when he framed them. With the
remembrance of how easy it seemed for him to defeat
him with Tenchi-ken it seemed to relax her.

        “We have docked with Karumitsu’s ship. Good luck
Tenchi.” Kiyone said over the intercom. He walked
through the exit and entered a dark ship. Only bits of
light shown through the whole ship. He used his new
found Juraian power to pin point his target. He ran in
the direction of the bridge.
        When he arrived at the bridge he spotted the man that
had put through his loved one through those hellish
premonitions, and almost got all the others killed.
“Well, so you showed up.” came the raspy voice from
Karumitsu.
        Tenchi activated Tenchi-ken and looked the man in the
face. “Yes, and you will lose.” he said firmly. The
dark man laughed as though Tenchi just told him a
joke. “You are one funny little man.” he bellowed.
“The truth is, your in denial.” he chuckled at his own
muse.
        He waved for Tenchi to advance him. “Come and get me,
if you can.” he dared. Tenchi charged him at a great
speed and when he was close enough swung his sword at
Karumitsu’s mid section.
        He dodged it barley. He now had a magic sword of his
own in his hand. “Maybe I have underestimated you.” he
said calmly. But no matter, he thought, He will soon
be dead and so will his precious family.
        Karumitsu swung his sword at Tenchi’s shoulder lazily
but missed, for Tenchi blocked his attack and
countered with his own. He fake a swung for the man’s
mid section and he fell for it, and Tenchi swung it at
his sword hand.
        Instead of hitting his hand Tenchi got his sword and
it flew across the room. ’Now’s my chance!’ Tenchi
thought. He jumped up into the air and swung the sword
down to slice the man into two halves. Karumitsu side
stepped Tenchi’s attack and Tenchi’s sword sliced off
a piece of his cloak.
        Karumitsu frowned. He held his hands out in front of
him as he chanted a canteen and a bunch of blue energy
blasts shot out from his palms. Tenchi tried to dodge
but got hit by one of them and flew clear across the
room.
        “YAAAAHHHH!” he screamed out in pain. His left arm
was a slump and a gash had formed on it. Blood
trickled out of it as Tenchi slowly got to his feet.
’Damn, he’s still pretty tough.’ Tenchi thought.
        He gripped Tenchi-ken tightly in his good hand and
began to charge the man with blinding speed. “YAAH!”
he yelled as he brought the sword down onto
Karumitsu’s left shoulder.
        Yes! he thought. A direct hit. Tenchi pulled his
sword out of the man’s shoulder as he shrieked out in
pain. He stumbled backwards and held his wounded
shoulder gently.
“Damn you, boy!” he shouted out. “You will pay for
that.” he warned Tenchi.
        Tenchi only smirked. “So you do bleed.” he said,
proud of what he had done. “Well, there’s plenty more
where that came from.” Tenchi mused. He brought his
sword back ready to charge again but instead got a
hard blow to the gut as the man punched Tenchi in the
stomach.
        He fell over coughing, trying to catch his breathe.
‘Man, he’s fast!’ he thought as he looked up to a
grinning Karumitsu. He slowly got to his feet and
stumbled a bit. He closed his eyes concentrating on
his next attack. “What the hell are you doing?!”
Karumitsu demanded.
        A glowing blue light formed all around Tenchi and the
dark man began to step away from Tenchi. He knew all
to well what this meant. “The Jurai light hawk wings!
But how!?” he shouted out.
        Three wings appeared in front of Tenchi as they
flowed right into him. His clothes turned into the
Light Hawk Armor and his sword transformed also as he
grabbed another wing.
        He charged the cloaked man and swung his sword at the
area of his chest. He jumped back just in time and
shot off a series of energy blasts. They connected and
gave Tenchi quite the scratches and bruises but he
would not stop his advancement.
        “Impossible!”  Karumitsu shouted out just as Tenchi
drove the blade of his sword through his heart. Tenchi
pulled it out and Karumitsu fell to a heap on the
ship’s floor. Tenchi breathed in deeply to steady his
nerves and his transformation faded away and he was
back to normal.
        Now he needed to find a way home. He searched all
through the bridge figuring what certain control
systems where. This took up about an hour of his time
and his wounds started to slow him down. Once he
figured everything out he tried for a landing near his
home.
        “Entering the Earth’s atmosphere.” said a female
voice. Tenchi guessed it to be the computer. Red
flames engulfed the ship as it came down to Earth. It
landed about 20 feet away from the Masaki home and it
shook the whole area. “Not exactly what I call a
smooth landing.” Tenchi said as he got to his feet. He
found an exit and limped off of the ship.
        Ryoko who noticed the shaking of the ground went
outside to investigate. She noticed a man limping in
her direction and tried to make the figure out. It was
Tenchi. She broke out into a run and so did Tenchi as
he saw her, despite the pain his wounds where
pulsating.
        Once she reached him she leaped up on him wrapping
her arms and legs around him and he caught her with
his one good that wrapped around her. They started to
kiss each other madly and Ayeka saw this clearly from
the front door.
        “I guess she does love him more than me...” she said
quietly. She turned away and went back into the house
as every one else rushed over to Tenchi to see if he
was ok. He explained everything to them once they
reached him and they where all amazed that he was
still alive. But no one was more happy to see him
alive but Ryoko who didn’t leave his side the whole
time.

        The End

More Notes: Part two was a bit shorted but I hope you
guys liked it, and as I said before I will make a
sequel to this story and It will be mostly about
Ayeka. Well I hope my grammar and such was better than
my last story. For any comments email me at
the_demon_sumoner_ryoko@yahoo.com  and like I said
before make the subject name True Love comments or
I’ll never read it for I have a fear for a computer
virus!
C-ya! Look for my next story called Love Scurries,
coming soon.