 I don't own these characters. Never claimed to. And am not making a dime off of it.



True happyness: The perfect fan fic
By, Clayton Overstreet and his muse



  Ryoko sat on the dock, absently twirling her toes in the cool lake water and watching the 
ripples. From behind her she heard foot steps on the wooden planks and felt a had touch her
shoulder. She looked up and saw Tenchi smiling down at her, "Ryoko, I think we need to talk."
She blushed slightly, "If it's about that hole in the livingroom wall I'm sorry. Ayeaka and I had
another fight and..." He shook his head, "No Ryoko, it's not about that; not exactly." He sat 
down next to her, letting his own feet dangle into the water. "I wanted to talk to you about... 
well about us actualy." Ryoko raised and eyebrow and was about to ask what he meant when
he held up his hand, "Please, let me finish befor you say anything, ok?" Ryoko nodded still a 
little unsure of what was happening. Tenchi smiled gratefully and continued, "You know I love
all of you girls. Your all family to me. Except you Ryoko. Your more than family to me. I 
honestly and truely think I love you. But..."
  Ryoko was shocked. Tenchi had just told her he loved her. It took her a second to realize just
what had happened, "But what Tenchi?" He smiled and held her hand, "But you need to realize
it too. You have to accept that I care about you Ryoko." Ryoko shook her head confused, "But
Tenchi, I do care about you. I love you Tenchi." Tenchi nodded and squeesed her hand slightly.
"I know you do Ryoko. That's not what I said. What you have to admit to yourself is that I love
YOU." Tears fell from Ryoko's cheeks. Tenchi reched up and wiped them away. "I know you
haven't exactly had a chance to love anyone befor Ryoko and you aren't used to it. Neither am
I. All the people I've ever loved have been family. And you didn't even have that befor you 
came here." 
  Ryoko took in a deep breath and hugged Tenchi close to her. Tenchi looked down, "I'm sorry
Ryoko. I didn't tell you this to make you cry. I just wanted you to know that no matter what, I 
will always love you. I don't feel this way about anyone else. You have nothing to fight with 
Ayeaka over. Do you understand?" Ryoko nodded and sobbed lightly into his chest. Her tears 
leaving stains on his shirt. Then taking a deep and labored breath she pulled away. "Tenchi, can 
I tell you someting?" Tenchi smiled and nodded, "Anything Ryoko." Ryoko bit her bottom lip 
and looked at him, "You can't tell this to anyone else ok? Washu and Ryo-oki don't even know 
about this... or atleast they didn't until now." Tenchi nodded, a concerned look on his face, "I 
promise Ryoko." Breathing slowly Ryoko turned back to the lake and looked off into the 
distance.
  "You were wrong about one thing Tenchi, I did once love befor I met you. You know most of
what Kagato did to me. The beatings, the mind games, and the raids he made me go on. But 
there was something he did that nobody else knows about." Tenchi listend intently, staring at
Ryoko's unfocused eyes. "On one raid, I came across a frivet nest. Frivets are small little 
animals alot like the mice on this world, only with six legs and neon blue fur. They are sentient 
and very friendly. There was one baby in the nest, and I could see the mother dead near by. I 
took the baby out and held it in my hand. Kagato had never actually said that I wasn't to have a
pet, so I slipped it into my poket and took it back with me. I never told Kagato about it though.
For two years, I raised it. Gave it food from the skant rations Kagato allowed me. It slept on 
my pillow. After Kagato's beatings it would comfort me and cuddle up with me." The tears fell
faster and more frequently down Ryoko's cheek. 
  "I never did give it a name, afraid that somehow Kagato would pick it out of my mind. But 
through that whole time he was my one true friend. My family. Then one day Kagato came to 
my room. He told me he knew about the frivet and ordered me to bring it befor him. I did as he
asked, carrying it cuddled in my hands. It was shaking well aware of who Kagato was and what
he was most likely going to do to it." Tenchi bit his lip in expectation of what was to come, but 
what Ryoko said next was worse than anything he immagined. 
  "Kagato looked at him and petted him. Then turned to me and smiled. He said, 'Ryoko you 
shouldn't have kept this from me. This thing has been keeping you from fighting at your best. 
You need to learn what happens when you care about something enough that you no longer 
want to fight.' Then he ordered me to kill the frivet myself." Tenchi was in shock, "You mean he
used his mind control like when he made you attack me?" Ryoko looked at him and slowly 
shook her head. "No Tenchi. This was worse than that. I was his then Tenchi. He owned me at
that point. He told me exactly how to kill it. First by twisting off his legs, then by breaking his 
back. Finaly as I reached to break his neck,the frivet looked up at me and nodded. He licked 
my  finger and cuddled my hand just before I..." Ryoko leaned forward and sobbed, unable to 
continue. Tenchi wrapped his arms around her and held her close, letting her cry. 
  Finaly Ryoko's breathing became normal and she felt Tenchi holding her. "That was just befor
he sent me to attack Jurai. That's why Yosho was able to beat me, I didn't want to win. I let him
chase me down. When he didn't kill me, instead sealing me away in the cave, I figured I would
do the job for him. But I couldn't. No matter how much I let my body decay Yosho's damn 
machine kept me alive. So instead I left my body. I watched the centuries pass around me. 
Then one day a girl was born. She grew up around here, would come by alot. I watched her, 
saw a young man court her. Then she left. One day she returned, with a small baby on her back.
The baby saw me, smiled at me. It reminded me of my frivet, how he would react when I came
back to my room.
  "As the boy grew, we played together at the shrine, but over time he lost the ability to see me.
I didn't care. When his mother died, he came to the cave, to me, for comfort. I tried my best to
hold him, to tell him it was alright. He couldn't see me though." Tears fell from Tenchi's eyes, a
combination of pain from remembering his mother's dead, and sadness for Ryoko. "Then you 
came and freed me Tenchi. But when you saw me you were afraid, and you hurt me. It was too
much. That was why I attacked you Tenchi. I had actually grown to belive what Kagato had 
said. I had to fight someone Tenchi. And when Ayeaka came and attacked it gave me the only
way I had to fight someone I didn't care about." 
 Tenchi held her and rubbed her hair, "Ryoko, Kagato was wrong. And he is dead. If he 
weren't at this point I'd make him wish he were for what he's done to you..." Ryoko put her 
fingers on his lips, "No Tenchi, no. You aren't like that. But if you want, I will do my best to
change." Now it was Tenchi's turn to interup, "No Ryoko. I don't want you to change. You 
wouldn't be the girl I love if you did. I just want you to calm down a bit, and only fight when 
there is a reason. There is no reason for you to fight with Ayeaka anymore. I love you and 
nothing anyone will ever do will change that alright?"
  Ryoko smiled and nodded. Tenchi leaned forward and pressed his forehead to her's, "Now
about that hole in the living room..." Ryoko smiled and bit her lip, "Ok Tenchi, Ill go see Washu
about getting it fixed." She kissed him on the lips and teleported away.

  Ayeaka was furious. Why did she have to go out for groceries. She was a princess. And it left
Ryoko at home alone with Tenchi. Not that Tenchi would ever fall for that creature, but the 
things Ryoko could force him to do. As she walked along the road home she atleast wished she
knew how to drive a car. She owned a space ship but driving something that wasn't directly
controled by her mind escaped her as much as cooking had Ryoko. But it was her turn and it
was either live under a house by Tenchi's rules, or go back to Jurai. 
  As she crested the hill she looked towards the house and saw Ryoko through the hole in the
wall. She had just entered Washu's lab. Looking around Ayeala saw Tenchi out on the dock, 
with his feet sticking into the water. She almost went over to talk to him when she remembered 
that the eggs and icecream needed to be put in the refrigerator. Sighing heavily she lugged the 
bags to the kitchen. 
  When she got there Sasami smiled and began putting everything away, and asked Ayeaka to 
help just befor she made it out the door. Ayeaka turned back and started puting things away. 
"Sasami, anything...um interesting happen today?" Sasami thought about it for a second. She'd 
seen Tenchi and Ryoko on the dock, but much as she didn't like lieing to her sister she knew 
that mentioning that would only cause problems, "No, not realy. Just another quiet day on planet
Earth. Except when Ryo-oki got into a fight with her reflection in the glass door. It was so cute. 
You should have seen it Ayeaka." 
  Ayeaka smiled, She had seen Ryo-oki's fights with the door befor. Lately she had been 
spending alot of time in her toddler form, but did on occasion turn into the little cabbit she was.
For some reason she almost never took on her adult form though. Ryo-oki had explained to 
Sasami that it just wasn't worth it considering that Ryoko and Ayeaka might see her as 
competition for Tenchi. 
  Earlier when Sasami had seen Tenchi and Ryoko on the dock Ryo-oki had been crying and 
she had heard an echoing sound from Washu's lab. She had asked Tsunami about it but the
goddess also had a tear in her eye and told her that she didn't want to know. Sasami believed
her. Looking at Ayeaka as she absently put the cans away Sasami saw her sister. A person who
realy did care about others, but had been taught to hold her emotions in. Sasami shook her head
and gave thanks to Tsunami that she had gotten out before it had happened to her. "You're 
welcome Sasami." Sasami grinned when she heard the voice in her head. Since merging with 
Tsunami evening prayers had taken on a whole new meaning. 
  Ayeaka glanced at Sasami and saw her usual satisfied grin. She often wondered why her 
sister always insisted on doing the chores and cooking around here. She was a princess and had
she asked their father would have sent servants to do that for her. But Sasami was totaly against 
the idea. She said that doing chores relaxed her and she enjoyed the comments the others made
on her cooking. After she had asked, "Would you rather I let Ryoko cook again?" Ayeaka had
dropped the subject. 
  By the time they were done putting things away Tenchi was gone from the dock and his 
gardening tools were gone too. Ayeaka sighed and sat down on the couch, turning to the 
afternoon soap opera. 

  In Washu's lab  Ryoko was walking down the long hallway that lead to where Washu worked.
Ofcourse when Washu wanted to use the door or bring someone in herself the door opened
directly to her. And for some Reason it did the same thing when Mihoshi used it. But when 
someone wanted to see her on their own, they had to work for it. Ryoko knew better than to
try to fly or teleport in here. She had found out about Washu's little forse field that time the Mass
had escaped.
  On the plus side it gave her a chance to think. Tenchi had told her he loved her and she had 
told him about the darkest moment in her life. She knew what he had meant by accepting that
he loved her. By fighting with Ayeaka over him meant that he was still up for grabs and that he
might choose Ayeaka. But that was not going to happen. No matter what he was her's. She
and Tenchi both knew that she loved him. Would do anything for him, but the simple fact that 
someone loved her, despite that she knew it was true, was somehow hard to hold onto.
  She knew that Washu and Ryo-oki had heard every word she had said. She could feel 
Ryo-oki trying to comfort her, but Washu had cut off the link befor Ryoko had even formed the
words for Tenchi. Ryoko finished taking the third left and turned around the way she had come, 
only to find herself in Washu's lab. All around her were tanks with all kinds of strange animals.
The tank the Mass had been kept in was now empty. Walking up behind Washu she tried to be
as quiet as she could, "Um... Washu? Tenchi sent me to see if you could maybe fix the hole in 
the living room?" 
  Washu's voice came from the other side of her chair, "I already fixed it while you were walking
in here." Ryoko could only see Washu's hair, but for some reason Washu's voice sounded
strange. She waked around Washu's chair and looked at her face. Washu's eyes were blood 
shot. She was biting her lip. When she saw Ryoko she looked away. Her voice came back to
Ryoko again, "I'm happy that Tenchi and you have gotten together Ryoko." Ryoko put her hand
on Washu's shoulder, "Did you want him that much?" Washu shook her head. "No Ryoko. I did
consider it, but gave that up a long time ago. No Ryoko, that's not why I am crying."
  Ryoko waited patienly for a minute. "Is it because of what I told Tenchi? Is that it?" Washu 
paused for a moment and shook her head, "No, that's only part of it. Do you know why I made
you Ryoko?" Ryoko nodded, "Because Kagato wanted a weapon." Washu turned and looked
at Ryoko. Her eyes still blood shot, now were hard. "Ryoko I made you before I was taken by
Kagato. Do you remember when I told you about my son? The one who was taken from me 
along with my husband?" Ryoko nodded. "Well he was barely a month old when that happened.
He never even learned to talk. I never heard him call me 'Mom'." Ryoko listened as Washu's 
voice cracked, "I made you so that I could have a daughter, a baby. Someone who I could love
and who would love me. Who would call me 'Mother'. When you were finaly done Kagato 
took you from me, locking me away on his ship. Both my children were gone. My reason for 
becoming human in the first place was gone." 
  Ryoko looked at her in suprise, "Becoming human? You weren't always..." Washu shook her
head. "I was once a goddess Ryoko. Tsunami's sister in fact. I gave up my power to become 
human so that I would know what it was like to love someone. I put all my power into your 
gems, wiped my memory for the first twenty thousand years of my life. I thought that by then I 
would be dead and my powers returned as I enetered the after life. But no, I lived. and I did so
without my children." Washu cried and leaned forward in her chair. "And now, thanks to him, 
when you do call me mom you say it with such disgust..." Ryoko put her arm around Washu's 
shoulder and rubbed it. "I'm sorry Washu, I didn't know. I thought Kagato had you make me as
a weapon. Thats what he told me. Told me I wasn't human. That he could have made me in any
shape he wanted. I didn't know..." Washu held Ryoko's hand on her shoulder. Slowly turning 
back she smiled up at Ryoko. "I'm sorry. I let him do all that to you. I should have seen it. 
Should have known what he was planning. I'm the smartest person in the universe. I used to be
omnipotent, knew everything that had, would, or could happen. Do you have any idea what it's
like to have to find things out after having lived like that since the dawn of time?" 
   Ryoko shook her head. "Washu... mom. I'm sorry. Sorry I blaimed you for what Kagato 
did. You couldn't have known." She hugged Washu tightly, felt her body shift under her touch.
When Ryoko looked up again she saw Washu's adult form staring back. "You... you called me 
mom..." Washu hugged Ryoko to her tightly. When she let go Ryoko smiled. Washu smiled
back and nodded, "Ryoko... my daughter."

  After Ryoko left the lab, Washu sat there thinking and getting used to her body again. It had
been so long since she had given it up in favore of the younger form. She remembered that at 
one time she had considered ending her own life, had just wanted to die and return to her 
powers as a goddess. Something had stopped her. She had no idea what, except the feeling that
she had something left to do. Something had to make the pain and horror she had called life
worth while. 
  As she sat in the glow from her computer Washu noticed another sourse of light. A blue glow 
from next to her. She turned and saw Tsunami standing beside her. "Hello sister." Tsunami 
smiled and placed a hand on Washu's. It passed through her without effect, her real form now
being Sasami's. Washu appreciated the sentiment though. "Did you want to talk to me?" 
Tsunami nodded, "Washu, I know what you are going through." Washu smiled ruefully, "I know
you do Tsunami. That is the problem with being ominipresent. You know what happens to 
everyone. It's why it's so hard for a god to remain good. It drove out sister to the darkness and
left me half way there myself. If we had had emotions then I don't know what would have 
happend." 
  Tsunami looked off into the lab, "It's not easy. You gave up your powers when you became
human. I did not. Now I feel and know what it's like, but can't do anything about it. That's why I
haven't merged with Sasami yet. It's getting harder to keep separate, but I don't want her to 
know what it's like. But that isn't why I'm here." 
  Washu raised an eyebrow, "It isn't?" Tsunami shook her head, "No. I came to talk with you. 
When you left to become human, you left me alone. I don't know why but after that I couldn't 
stay there either. I left and went to Jurai, with my children. I thought that was what you meant by
having a child. I didn't know. When Sasami was hurt in Kagato's attack, I merged with her. I 
could have healed her normaly, but I was curious. I wanted to know why you had become
human. Now I do and it hurts. I feel so selfish for what I did to Sasami..." Washu nodded and
looked up to her, "You didn't know any better Tsunami. The universe through the eyes of a god
appears to be ours, to do with as we please. We made the creatures in it. We formed it from 
the void. It's easy to forget that when you make a life, it is a life in itself." 
  Tsunami cried, looking at Washu then, "Soon Sasami and I will be one, and I need to know.
How do you stand the not knowing? That's the one thing Sasami made me promise not to give
her when we merge. So I need to know how you stand not knowing." 
  Washu shook her head, "It's part of being human Tsunami. They don't have a choice. If they
don't know something they either never do or they find out. It's why I'm a scientist. I need to 
find out. Have you ever felt what it's like for Sasami when she learns something new?" Tsunami
nodded and smiled, "That sense of selfsatisfaction?" Washu grinned, "Well I wouldn't have put it
quite that way, but yeah. That's what makes up for not knowing everything. Finding out." 
  Tsunami smiled and bowed, "Thank you sister." Suddenly she was gone and Washu was 
alone again. But for some reason, she didn't feel that way. 

  Sasami smiled joyfully as she made lunch. Even though she knew something was bothering 
some of the others, she knew that in the end it would all work out. As she finished puting the 
last slice of bread on the last sandwich she felt Tsunami return. "Did you ask Washu what you 
wanted to know?" Tsunami answered, "Yes. She was very helpful." Sasami smiled and picked
up the plate of food, "She usualy does." As she carried the sandwiches out to the table she saw 
Tenchi enter the house. "Hello Sasami. Wow, you've outdone yourself again huh?" Sasami 
blushed and set the food on the table. Mihoshi came down the stairs being dragged by the new 
girl, Kyonei. "Come on Mihoshi. I want to get there before Ryoko eats all the food again."
  Ryoko phased through the wall and looked at Kyonei harshly, "Me eat all the food? You and 
Mohoshi seem to pack your share away." Kyonei frowned and said, "Only if we can get to it
Ryoko." Mihoshi smiled her usual smile, "Kyonei what about that stash of food you keep 
hidden in your..." Kyonei's hand slapped over Mihoshi's mouth. "Mihoshi! I told you not to say
anything about that." 
  Ayeaka came down the stairs next. She always felt the need to walk properly so always got to
meals slowly. At the same time Yosho came through the front door and sat down at the table. 
He smiled at Sasami, "Looks good Sasami, as always." Ayeaka sat and registered her approval.
As they surrounded the table they were all suprised when Washu came out of her lab. She 
almost never ate anything except dinner. But aside fromt hat she was in her adult form. They had
only seen her like that one time before. 
  Sasami spoke up first, "Wow Washu, what's the occasion?" Ayeaka looked at Sasami and 
frowned, "Sasami a princess does not pry into other people's buisness." Washu chuckled as
Sasami blushed, "But Ayeaka, a goddess does. To answer your question Sasami I felt it was 
time for a change." Sasami grinned and nodded, "Well don't change too much Washu. We'd 
miss you." Washu smiled as the others added their agreements to the sentiment. 
  Later after everyone had eaten their fill and complemented Sasami again they each went their
seperate ways. Kyonei and Mihoshi went upstairs, Ryoko and Ayeaka parked themselves on
either side of the couch to watch T.V., Tenchi went to the shrine to do his chores, and Ryo-oki
joined Sasami in the kitchen. Washu sat at the table for a while, then went to her lab. 

  Upstairs Kyonei and Mihoshi had taken a room in the attic. Kyonei had insisted that she and 
Mihoshi pay to stay there, but Tenchi wouldn't take more than afew yen. They had tried living
in an appartment but their part time jobs hadn't paid enough. And full time jobs were out since 
they were constantly called off as galaxy police. So Tenchi let them stay in the attic. 
  Mihoshi lay back down on her bed and looked over at Kyonei. On weekends they often 
enjoyed a break. Often they were called off world but atleast they didn't have to work on Earth
too. "Kyonei, are you alright?" Kyonei looked up from the magazine she'd been reading, "Yeah
Mihoshi. Why do you ask?" Mihoshi turned and looked up at the ceiling, "Because you always
get so angry. Complaining about your promotions, our jobs, and everything I do..." 
  Mihoshi bit her lips and a tear fell down her cheek. "Kyonei why do you get so mad at me?"
Kyonei looked at her partner. Mihoshi had just asked the one question she had never thought
about. She knew she got mad at Mihoshi alot, blamed her when they weren't promoted... but 
for the life of her she couldn't think why. "I... I don't know Mihoshi." Mihoshi rolled over and
looked at Kyonei, "Is it because I embarrass you?" Kyonei shook her head, "No, I don't think
so. That's part of it I think, but..." She shook her head. She knew that Mihsohi was one of the
top officers in the GP. Since Kyonei had become her partner they had never missed a single
criminal. "But what Kyonei?" Kyonei sighed, "I think it's because you don't realy seem to have
any problems. Your always happy, you cost through lie, and don't even seem to mind not getting
promoted." Mihoshi looked at her for a second. "Kyonei... what do you know about the planet
I came from?" Kyonei shook her head, "Nothing, why?" Mihoshi smiled, "On my world we live
in peace and solitude. Machines do everything for us and we just have to make sure we get 
enough exersize." 
  Kyonei looked at her in shock, "Why would you ever leave a place like that Mihoshi? That's
the kind of place that most people only dream of living." Mihoshi smiled, "Because it wasn't life.
We didn't do anything. If someone had a job it was for kicks, and it was a desk job infront of a
computer. I left to join the GP so I could live. But some things die hard and my habits are one of
them." Sitting up on the bed she looked at Kyonei, "I did a study of you when I was at the 
academy. You lived on a mining world until you saved up enough money to hop a ship off world.
After that you worked in several places until you went to the academy and worked your way up
to first class detective. You caught hundreds of criminals and when I graduated I immediately
asked to be assigned as your partner." 
  Kyonei let what Mihoshi said sink in. She had given up paradise for a life exactly like the one 
they now lead. And had specificaly chosen Kyonei as her partner. "Why me?"
  Mihoshi looked directly into Kyonei's eyes and answered, "Because you are the best Kyonei.
You seemed to me to be the most perfect person I had ever heard of. At the time I didn't know 
that you were trying for a desk job. I thought you liked what you did. I never wanted anything 
else. That's why I turned down my promotions... Can I ask you something Kyonei?" Kyonei 
nodded at her, "Sure Mihoshi, what?" Mihoshi took a breath, "Is this such a bad life? With our 
friends, dealing with afew average criminals and fighting the occasional super villains?" Kyonei
thought about it. Her life had been one challenge after another. But now that she thought about 
it, what was so bad? She had a job, a home, family, and people who care about her. What 
more did she want?
  Kyonei looked at Mihoshi and shook her head, "I don't know Mihoshi. Maybe it's just that 
I've always had to work so hard. For something more. When I finaly got it I suppose I just 
didn't know when it was over." Mihsoshi smiled and nodded. Kyonei let a smirk sneek onto
her lips, "You are so lucky Mihoshi. You lived your entire life in a paradise. I know it wasn't 
perfect, but it was better than anything I ever had. You could quit at any time and go back. Plus 
your are rich, successful, sexy, and..." Kyonei bit her lip. Had she actualy told Mihoshi that she
thought she was sexy? What had she been thinking? 
  Mihoshi smiled, "Kyonei, please... don't worry. I will never go anywhere without you. I can't
picture my life without you. And I'm sorry I embarrass you. It's just where I'm from we don't 
have secrets. If we want something we got it, if we found someone attractive, whether they 
were male or female, we went up to them." Mohoshi looked straight at Kyonei as she said the 
last. Kyonei almost thought she could feel Mihoshi's eyes penetrating her skull.
  Kyonei bit her lip, trying to focus, "Mihoshi I... I don't know what to say." Mihoshi got up and
walked over to Kyonei's side. "Kyonei, I'm sorry. Please... I don't want to embarrass you any
more. I've never known anyone else who's had that feeling. I feel so bad when you do. If you 
want, I am willing to forget this entire conversation and let things get back to normal."
  Kyonei looked at Mihoshi, realy looked at her since the first time she had been saddled with 
her as a partner. At the time she had seen her as the rookie who was dragging her down. But 
now she saw something else, "What... what if I don't? What if I don't want to forget about this
Mihoshi?" Mihoshi smiled and looked up at her, "Then nothing between us will be the same 
Kyonei." She reaches up and gently brushed a strand of hair from infront of Kyonei's eyes. In
that brief moment of contact Kyonei felt a shiver go down her back, and she knew. She knew
what her choice was. Looking directly into Mihoshi's eyes she said, "I don't want to go back."
  Mihoshi smiled and moved forward. Both girls closed their eyes and closed the rest of the
distance between them with a kiss. When they broke apart they both smiled a little nervously.
Kyonei reached out and rubbed Mihoshi's cheek, "I'm sorry for everything Mihoshi. I promise
not to get so mad anymore." Mihoshi nodded and smiled back at her, "And I promise to try to
be a little more discrete, especially about this ok?" Kyonei nodded, "Thanks. But don't do it for
too long. I don't think this is something I want to be embarrased about." Kyonei leaned forward
and kissed her on the cheek. Mihoshi blushed and nodded. 

  Ayeaka wasn't sure what, but something was wrong. It was dinner time and as usual they were
listening to one of Nobiyuki's stories about the latest house he was designing. Maybe it was that
she still wasn't used to Washu's adult form. She glanced at Ryoko who was eating quietly 
listening to Nobiyuki's story. Since she had merged with Zero, Ryoko hadn't actually tried to 
seduce Tenchi. She still had no qualms about fighting with Ayeaka, but she seemed to have 
developed a sense of propriety. Occasionaly though she would still try to sneak him a kiss or
some other innapropriate thing. She would look at the gem in her wrist and then back to Washu.
  Ayeaka's eyes wandered over to Yosho. Her brother seemed the same as always. Moving on 
she saw Sasami, also listening to Nobiyuki. 
Washu was sitting in her usual place. She seemed lost in thought as always, but didn't seem to
be doing much else different. Her adult form was still a bit disconcerting. 
  Next Ayeaka looked at Kyonei and Mihoshi. They seemed totaly focused on their food, but
now and then she would see them look at eachother and smile. She had never seen such a calm
look on Kyonei's face when Mihoshi was around. Mihoshi though, aside from her smiles to 
Kyonei, looked about the same as always. Totaly care free.
  Ryo-oki sat by Sasami, munching her usual plate full of carrots. Sasami enjoyed finding new
ways to cook her friend's favorite food, this time seeming to have made carrot sticks and juice.
Finaly Ayeaka's eyes settled on Tenchi, sitting in his usual place between her and Ryoko. Why
he put up with Ryoko being so close to him she'd never know. She remembered how Ryoko 
had tried to make her believe that she had known Tenchi since he was a boy. Coming up with 
that story of astral projection from the cave. She had laughed at the thought of a child, especialy
one as sweet as Tenchi must have been, not screaming at the sight of Ryoko.
  Silently she turned back to her meal and ate while Nobiyuki droned on. Despite her inherent
displeasure that her sister was doing such meanial things as cooking, she had to admit that she
was very good at it. Tonight she had made fried squid and some noodles in a special sause that
she refused to tell them the recipe to.
  Ayeaka looked around at everyone again and sighed. Maybe she was just getting paranoid. 
  The next day started off as normal. Ayeaka woke up and joined the others for breakfast. 
Washu was there aswell. She was talking to Sasami, "You know, Sasami, my other body didn't
have taste buds. I had no idea your food was this good. I hadn't tasted anything in thousands of
years. And your cooking is the best way to get back into the swing of it." Sasami bowed and
thanked Washu for her compliments. Then Sasami turned to Ayeaka, "It's your turn to clean the
porch today Ayeaka. Mihoshi, you get the bathroom. Kyonei, you clean up the livingroom and
Washu you get the kitchen. I'll clean the rooms. Ryoko, todays the day you clean out the rain
gutters. No lazer beams this time. And Ryo-oki, you do the dishes." 
  Nobiyuki left for work while Yosho and Tenchi went to the shrine. As they all spread out to 
do their chores Ayeaka still didn't know what was bothering her. She took the brush and got 
to work on the porch she saw Ryoko working on the gutters. She had split into two and was 
getting the gunk from either side. As she reached the middle they accidentaly dropped a glob of
slime onto the porch. Ayeaka yelled at her, "Hey! Whatch what you are doing Ryoko!" Ryoko 
looked down, "Oh I'm sorry Ayeaka, I'll get it." She melded together with herself and flew 
down to scoop it up. Ayeaka was stunned. Ryoko had not only cleaned up her own mess, but
had appologized... to her! 
  Now Ayeaka was sure something was up, "Ok, what's going on here? Kyonei and Mihoshi 
not yelling at eachother, you appologizing to me, and I know Sasami isn't telling me something. 
Now just what is it? Did you do something to Tenchi that I'm unaware of? Because if you did
I swear I'll..." Ryoko shook her head and smiled, "Why would I do anything to Tenchi? Ayeaka
I think you are getting paranoid." Ayeaka growled, "Paranoid. You accuse me of being 
paranoid? Ha." Ryoko shrugged and floated off. 
  By lunch time Ayeaka had calmed down. Everything seemed normal. Sasami was smiling 
playfuly and she looked at Mihoshi and Kyonei. "Hey you guys, I was wondering. Why were
your bed's pushed together? Was it cold up there or something?" Tenchi looked at Kyonei and
Mihoshi unaware of Kyonei's slight blush, "If you two are cold I could get you a heater." 
Mihoshi shook her head, "No thanks Tenchi, it's not cold up there. We just thought it might give
us some more room if we pushed the beds together." Tenchi shrugged and went back to his 
meal saying, "Well if you two need anything don't hesitate to ask." Kyonei smiled at Mihoshi 
who winked back. Sasami barely kept from giggling. Tsunami had told her what was going on
in exchange for not telling about what Ryoko had said on the dock.
  As they left the table from lunch Ryoko hugged Tenchi. Ayeaka saw it and almost immediately
yelled, "Get off of him you demon. Stop pawing lord Tenchi." Ryoko looked her square in the
eye and prepared a rebutle... but stopped. She bit her lip and shook her head. "Ok Ayeaka, 
whatever." Then she got up and floated away. Everyone stared in shock. Usualy Ryoko never
missed the chance to fight with Ayeaka and claim Tenchi. Ayeaka was so suprised in fact that 
she almost missed the satisied smile on Tenchi's face. Almost.
  That afternoon Ayeaka sat watching her soap opera's, but wasn't paying that much attention. 
She kept glancing at Ryoko who, as usual, was on the other end pf the couch. Ryoko felt 
Ayeaka's eyes on her and glanced over, "Is there something wrong Princess?" She said it as a
normal word, not a term of respect that her couteers used, not in that sarcastic tone she always
used, just a word. Ayeaka bit her tongue. It was now or never, "Miss Ryoko, I want to know
right now what's going on. You haven't fought with me in two days and have been increasingly 
nice to me. It isn't right! Now tell me what's going on." Ryoko looked at her closely for a 
minute, not sure how much would be safe to say. Finaly she just shrugged, "We have nothing to
fight about. Can you think of a reason why I should?" Ayeaka shook her head. She knew 
exactly what Ryoko was saying. A part of her refused to admit it, but that part was quickly over
taken by a wave of emotions. She was afraid, sad, jealouse, and angry all at the same time. 
Then for some reason, it didn't matter any more. The fight was over... Smiling she turned to 
Ryoko and said, "You're right Ryoko. There is no reason."

  Yosho and Tenchi arrived home from the shrine just befor sunset. When he walked through 
the door Tenchi was greeted by Ryoko. She smiled at him and said, "She knows Tenchi." Then
Ryoko turned to look out at the porch. Ayeaka sat on the porch staring at the sunset, oblivious
to the world. Tenchi saw her and turned to Ryoko, "I have to go talk to her." Ryoko nodded 
and smiled, "I know Tenchi. But don't worry. We never gave her enough credit." He nodded
and walked to the door.
  Ayeaka heard the door slide open and close behind her, but didn't take her eyes off of the 
horizon. Tenchi sat next to her. After afew minutes had passed her said, "I wish there was some
thing I could say to you Ayeaka. I'm sorry that..." She looked at him and shook her head, "No
Tenchi. You aren't sorry. And I don't want you to be. I'm happy you chose Ryoko. I kinda saw
it coming for a while, I just wouldn't admit it." She smiled at him and Tenchi smiled back. "So 
.what tipped you off?" Ayeaka laughed, "Are you kidding? When Ryoko refused to fight with 
me and appologized to me all in one day? I knew she'd either been kidnapped and replaced 
again, or you had chosen. But I think I owe you an appology Tenchi." Tenchi shook his head, 
"For what?" Ayeaka smiled, "For making this decision so hard for you. For latching on to you 
when my brother turned me down." Tenchi nodded, "Well that wasn't entirely your fault. 
Grandpa did kind of push you off on me and it's not exactly like he's young anymore." Ayeaka 
nodded, "Yeah. When I found out you were his grandson I knew Yosho had fallen in love. 
Whether he was old or young, he wasn't for me. You know what I'm thinking?" 
  Tenchi shook his head. "I'm thinking I need to date someone outside the family. We may have 
the technology to remove birth defects in babies, but I don't want my children growing up like
Serio do I?" They both laughed at the thought. Tenchi felt he still had to say something, "Ayeaka
I do care about you. You are a part of this family and I don't want you to ever leave." She 
nodded and looked back at the sunset, "I know Tenchi. And in a way I'm glad. Ryoko and I 
talked earlier. She's a suprisingly nice person when she wants to be. I can see why you love her
Tenchi. You are both very lucky and I can only hope that one day I will be as blessed." Tenchi
held her hand and squeesed it, "I'm sure you will be Ayeaka. But for now do you think you can
settle for family?" Ayeaka looked at him, a tear falling down her cheek. "Yes Tenchi, I think I 
can. Now let's go inside. Sasami made us a lovely dinner." They both stood up and entered the
house. Ryoko hugged both of them, then they sat down for dinner. 

  The End

Author's note

  So what do you think? I was laying in bed afew days ago and the first part of the story hit me.
I almost broke into tears myself when I thought up the part Ryoko told Tenchi about. I think my
muse was working over time on this one. I just felt that this would be the perfect fan fic. No real
action, no fights between Ayeaka and Ryoko to speak of, and alot of metaphysical stuff that I 
realy have no idea about (I make no claims to know what godhood is like), but it just seemed
somehow... right. It uses all my usual aspects, including the Mihoshi-Kyonei relationship. If you
wish to tell any comments you may have about it, don't hesitate to email me at: 
clayton_n@hotmail.com