***This Fanfic is written without the permission of both Pioneer and AIC but 
I'm not
selling it so please do not sue me. Actually what you can do Pioneer and AIC 
is reopen
sales of Tenchi in the UK (you know how much it costs to get the stuff from
America!!!!!!!) PLEASE!!!! ***

"I always did like the stuff they served here" Waiserdau said as he sipped 
his drink.

"Yeah, I always had a sample of it so I could replicate it on worlds that 
didn't have the ingredients" Washu said
"ah well just cos you're the biggest genius in the Universe dosen't mean you 
can make good tea from scratch!" she blinked at that "oh yeah I can" She 
giggled.

Waiserdau raised an eyebrow as he finnished the rest of his drink, he looked 
around his surroundings.
"I always remembered the Academy like this" he smiled.

"No you don't" frowned Washu "you probabbly even don't remember smuggling in 
all those crates of Jurain wine and those women from Yakahase house at the 
other end of the campus"

Waiserdau blushed "not so loud!" he hissed "some of the illumanai are still 
around, about to see the light fantastic yes but they can still give me a 
good beating!"

Washu grinned, she always knew how to wind him up.
"Oh" she blushed deeply "remember what happened when I got myself smuggled 
in..ooohh all those mean and nasty yet incredibly kinky things you and your 
freinds were going to do to my virgin body" she said in a trembly voice out 
loud.

A couple of heads turned.

"Dammit Washu shush!" Waiserdau whispered, trying not to wound up too much 
"anyway what happened down on the ground Washu, our readings were going off 
of the scale several times over at one point"

"Oh it was my daughter, the Princesses and the boy" Washu remarked as she 
looked out of the dome and at the countryside, which had strangly only 
increased in beauty since she was last here over several millenia ago.

"Your daughter.." Waiserdau said "you mean project 1?"

Washu nodded "I never did like how you went behind my back Makanaze" she 
looked up.
we're there as a means to make sure that nature takes it's course, we needed 
some kind of powerful agent to carry out only our hardest of missions, we 
saw project 1 in that pod, released her and took a DNA sample"

Washu nodded and waved her hand "spare me the details, she was my daughter 
and you went at her like some autopsy expert"
Waiserdau glared back "Only becuase you used the money we gave you to 
construct Soja rather than make project 1 like we told you too!"

"Don't go into that again!" snapped Washu, seeing how tense she was, she 
loosened up, leaning back "besides" she smiled "project 1 was never gonna 
listen to you anyway"

"Yes that is true" Waiserdau said "actually I've just remembered, its about 
Project 2"

Washu blinked "what?" she asked "is there something wrong with her?"

Waiserdau shook his head "no, no I'm just saying this will be her last 
assignment before she gets her discharge"

Washu just looked at Waiserdau "you're not serious"

"I am!" Waiserdau smiled.

"You're willing to give away your best agent since n53 left"

"Yes" Waiserdau nodded.

Washu smiled a wry smile at Waiserdau, she rose from her seat the tea room 
"I have to make my way back home, I'm sure your friends will take me back?"

Waiserdau nodded "yeah" as Washu headed away Waiserdau called "how does it 
feel to be back at the Science academy after all these years?"

Washu turned and smiled "an experience".

Fin

*** Well thats the end of the 1st series, PHEW! This has turned out into 
something bigger than I had expected when I penned the it a couple of months 
ago as a test. My prereader liked it so I decided to do a 10 person test. 
About 8 out of 10 liked it so I went on and here I am, ready to start a 
second series of 10 parts. Hope you liked the new characters, the new 
setting, the ways of doing things and of course the new universe:) . I also 
hope you enjoyed it as much I did reading it. The best thing to do is listen 
to "Scorchio" by Sasha and Emerson :)

regards

Pudduh. ***

