The day (for once) was sunny. Princess Ayeka had taken more time to get used 
to the
new conditions.
Sasami however, had fitted right in, mostly cooking and doing her part of 
the chores.
Ryoko had kept her cool through the week, trying a variety of tricks to get 
her hands on
her gems, mainly though being thwarted by Katoshito.
Gary had ignored mainly what had gone on and just got on with his chores, 
having really
given up any
hope of getting that fancy leather chair he wanted.
Mihoshi, (also now stationed on earth) joined Gary in doing their share of 
the chores,
ignoring Ryoko and Ayeka.
And Tenchi?
He was kind of getting along well, trying to handle the attentions of two 
very attractive
women of course is a 24-hour job.

"So" Gary said as he pilled another load of leaves into a bin bag "we're 
stationed here
now?"
"Yep" said Mihoshi as she swept up the Shrine's courtyard "but its not so 
bad I mean look
at this place"
"What about it?" asked Gary as he looked out over the rolling landscape.
"Well its nice and peaceful and wouldn't you want vacation for once?" Smiled 
Mihoshi as
she piled up some
more leaves.
Not a second had gone before explosions were heard some way down the steps.
"Help!" cried a voice that sounded like Tenchi.
"Tenchi!" came another voice "Come back I wasn't having a go at you"
"You leave Tenchi alone you!" cried out yet another voice.
"Yes" blinked Gary "quite"
Suddenly Tenchi came sprinting up the stairs.
"They've got it in for me!" he shouted in panic "they've both go it in for 
me!"
"What?" Mihoshi blinked "who?"
"Them" Gary grinned as he pointed to Ayeka and Ryoko fuming at the top of 
the stairs.

"Now look what you've done" Ayeka shouted "You scared him half to death!"
"Me!?!" Ryoko glared back "You scared the crap out of him by encasing him in 
that force
field to stop yours truly from
showing my affection"
"What?" shrieked Ayeka "how dare you!"
"Oh yes how dare I!" said Ryoko sarcastically.
Ayeka was straining in anger, clutching her fists. Suddenly logs started to 
come out of
nowhere.
"I've had enough!"
"Same here sister!" said Ryoko through narrow eyes, forming her energy sword 
"Bring it
on!"

Gary and Mihoshi stepped in.
"Alright ladies break it up ladies, lets not aggravate the situation" said 
Gary grabbing
Ryoko and holding her back.
"Yeah I mean Tenchi wouldn't want you two wreaking the Shrine would he?" 
pleaded
Mihoshi to Ayeka.
They both looked to Tenchi, looking very alarmed behind Gary.
"I'm sorry Lord Tenchi" said Ayeka quietly.
"Me too" added Ryoko "I'm sorry."
"Now you two please can you calm down!" Mihoshi said "at least don't go to 
violence
EVERY time you argue!"

"That was your fault that was" muttered Ayeka.
"Yeah right, you started it!" said Ryoko quietly as they walked back down 
the stairs.
"Ohhhh I don't have time for this!" seethed Ayeka as she walked off onto one 
of the
sidetracks
that interlink with the ancient steps.
Ryoko blew a raspberry as she phased out to go somewhere else.

"You okay Tenchi?" Gary asked "you kinda got a bit mixed up back there"
"They can be such a handful!" Tenchi said "First I'm sweeping the steps, 
next I'm being
hugged manically by Ryoko
then I'm elevated into the air in a force field thingy thanks to Ayeka, 
finally falling to the
ground as Ayeka
argued with Ryoko!"
"Wow" smiled Mihoshi "they kinda go overboard over you"
"Now that's an understatement" said Gary "common lets get these leaves back 
home to
use for compost"
"Okay seeya later Tenchi" waved Mihoshi as she picked up a couple of bin 
bags.
"You sure you're alright with that?" Tenchi said as he picked up the broom 
he dropped
earlier.
"Yeah I'll be okay" Mihoshi smiled "thanks for asking though".

****

"Pass the salt Ryo-ohki!" chimed Sasami as she stirred away at her cooking, 
looking out
the window with a smile.
Ryoko's head popped down in front of Sasami.
"Oh Ryoko how are you today? greeted Sasami with a smile.
"Is that lunch I smell" winked Ryoko.
"Uh-huh" nodded Sasami as she poured a tablespoon of soy sauce into her 
heavenly
food.
"Wow when's it ready?"
"Any time now" Sasami said as she finished the food, cutting the gas flow 
"say do you
want to take this to Tenchi for me?"
Ryoko's eyes lit up "Really?"
"Yes I'd be really grateful" smiled Sasami as she filled the special food 
containers and
handed them over to
Ryoko "Here you go."
"Oh thank you" giggled Ryoko as she phased out into nothing.
"Sasami?" Ayeka said as she walked in "Who was that you were talking to?"
"Oh nobody" said Sasami eyes flittering up into the sky.
"Is lunch ready?" asked Ayeka with a hungry smile.
"Yep" smiled Sasami "I'm going to take this to Tenchi, he must be hungry 
now" she held
up another food container
"Hmmm" smiled Ayeka "How about I take that to Tenchi for you little sister?"
"Oh really?" said Sasami "I'd be very grateful"
"Oh its no trouble" Ayeka smiled as she skipped out.

As Ayeka ran out, Gary and Mihoshi approached the house.
"Nearly there Mihoshi" Gary said as he lugged his bin bags.
"Great!" Mihoshi smiled as they neared the Greenhouse.
Gary pushed the door open and walked in, putting his bags in the center of 
the
greenhouse
"Right pass me your bags and I'll dump them on the other ones"
"Okay" nodded Mihoshi as she entered the Greenhouse. Suddenly as she went 
through
the doorway, Mihoshi tripped
on the raised step.
"Ahh" squealed Mihoshi as she dropped her bags falling forward.
"Hey watch yourself!" Gary said as he rushed forward, catching Mihoshi in 
his arms.
Suddenly they looked up into
each other's eyes for a second.
"Oh" Mihoshi said quietly. They stayed in that position for a moment.
"Oops!" Gary blushed as he helped Mihoshi up onto her feet.
"Erm, sorry 'bout that Gary" Mihoshi said, blushing herself.
"Lets just get these leaves in the compost heap okay?" Gary said with a 
wink.
Mihoshi just smiled sweetly with a nod.

"Oh Tenchi!" Ryoko shouted sweetly as she entered the courtyard from one 
end.
"Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka shouted with a smile as she entered the courtyard from 
the other
end.
"Err what do you two want now?" Tenchi asked nervously.
"I've got your lunch!" the girls both said in unison. As soon as the words 
left their mouths
they quickly glared
at each other.
"What?" said Ryoko "how dare you steal my idea"
"Your idea!" Ayeka "I'll have you know I'm doing a favor for my dear little 
sister"
"Oh yeah well I'm also running an errand for Sasami" Ryoko said.
Ryoko and Ayeka blinked when they realized the practical joke that they both
unknowingly talked themselves into and sighed.
"Well if you want I'll have both of your lunches if you don't mind" Tenchi 
smiled
hungrily "I'm famished!".
As soon as Tenchi said that the girls were practically climbing over each 
other to be the
first to get to give Tenchi lunch.
"Oh well" sighed Tenchi.
"Hmm those young ladies are very enthusiastic" Katoshito smiled as he walked 
into the
Shrine "Don't forget training this
afternoon"
"Don't worry Grandpa" Tenchi nodded "I'll finish washing the Shrine steps 
after Lunch".

****

"Nice lunch Sasami" Mihoshi smiled as she eat some rice.
"Indeed!" nodded Gary "How do you do it Sasami?"
"Well" Sasami blushed "I would tell ya but it is a bit of a 'trade secret'"
"Where's Ayeka, Ryoko and Tenchi?" Mihoshi asked.
"Oh them?" Sasami said with a giggle "they decided to have lunch at the 
shrine"
"Well at least the girls aren't causing Armageddon over Tenchi right now" 
said Gary with
a smirk.

"I'm glad you like your lunch Tenchi" smiled Ayeka sweetly. Ryoko was behind 
Ayeka
silently pretending to choke violently.
Ayeka frowned when she sensed the mocking "Thank you for ignoring that 
idiotic cretin
Lord Tenchi" Ayeka smiled, eyes
looking up "1...2...3" she counted in her head.
"Hey what was that!" asked an annoyed Ryoko.
"Oh did I say something Tenchi?" Ayeka giggled.
Tenchi just sighed.
"Oh Tenchi you wouldn't lie to me would you?" Ryoko said romantically as she 
phased
next to him, shooting a "beat that" look
at Ayeka who was quietly fuming behind her brick wall like composure (that 
always
seemed to be up whenever she was facing
Tenchi).
"Oh Tenchi wouldn't have to lie to a monster like you" said Ayeka as she 
pulled him
towards her.
"Nor would Tenchi have to lie to a spoilt little brat like you!" Ryoko spat 
back, pulling
Tenchi away from Ayeka.
"Tell me that when you're not trying to kill him 24/7 with your 'teasing'" 
Ayeka smiled.
"Princess" Ryoko asked "is it your hobby asking for your face to be smashed 
in?"
"Just you try Ryoko" glared Ayeka.
"Wow that's it!" Tenchi said, standing in between the girls "the party stops 
here, you both
go your separate ways now!"
"But Tenchi" Ryoko grinned "you know you want to be together with me!"
"Umm" Tenchi mumbled.
"What was that?" Ryoko grinned as she leaned her head up against his "did I 
hear a yes?"
"No you didn't!" Ayeka fumed as she yanked Tenchi away from Ryoko "would he 
go
with gutter rubbish like you? I don't
think so!"
"Why you little!" seethed Ryoko as she crackled with energy.
"Ladies!" Katoshito said firmly from above "You do not fight in the shrine 
understand?"
Ayeka looked up to acknowledge the wise mans words. However she saw a much 
more
disturbing picture, for through the
flash of the sun reflecting off his glasses she saw...red eye?
"Yes sir" Ryoko muttered "seeya later Tenchi" she said as she drifted off 
into the air.
Ayeka however still stared upwards.
"Lady Ayeka" Katoshito asked "is there a reason why you're staring at me?"
"Oh its nothing really?" Ayeka looked away nervously.
"You haven't got the hots for such an old man like me have you?"
"Oh you pervert!" gasped Ayeka, walking away in embarrassment.
"Grandpa!" Tenchi moaned "Why did you go and do that?"
"Well they were tiring you out weren't they?" said Katoshito with a smile, 
patting
Tenchi's shoulder "Lets go train".
"Yeah" nodded Tenchi "lets"

"Oh Grandfather you're so rude!" said Ayeka as she turned back to face the 
pair "huh?"
she blinked "where did they go?"

****

"Oh it feels so much better to drink and be alone for once" said Ryoko to 
herself as she
drunk some Sake against one of the
many tree trunks. Suddenly she heard some footsteps coming round the corner 
of the
path, phasing into the bush, she watched
as Katoshito and Tenchi walked into the clearing.

"This is a good place to start as any" Katoshito said as he opened his bag, 
taking out two
wooden swords and two pairs of
white gloves.
"Yeah, how far did we get in the routine last time Grandpa?" Tenchi asked.
"Routine?" Ryoko thought "sounds familiar"
"Oh about the 27th movement" Katoshito said as he donned his gloves.
Ryoko blinked.
"Ready?" Katoshito said as they rested their blades on each other's 
shoulders.
Tenchi nodded.
"Go!" Katoshito shouted.
The following movements shocked Ryoko "But those movements" she murmured.
"are from the Imperial family of Jurai" whispered Ayeka as she watched "my 
family."
"So you've found your answer?" Ryoko asked with a smile.
"I don't know" Ayeka said, looking down at the floor.
"Chin up" said Ryoko handing Ayeka a cup and a bottle of Sake "take a seat 
and enjoy
the show"
"So we can make peace then?" smiled Ayeka as she sat down and took a gulp of 
Sake.
"Hey its rivalry nothing more" Ryoko winked "we just work each other up 
that's all"
"I understand" nodded Ayeka as she downed some more Sake.
"Wow you really get that stuff down ya throat!" Giggled Ryoko.
"I'm not as inexperienced as you may thing Ryoko" smiled Ayeka darkly.

Out of the evening sky suddenly though came a streak, lighting the sky up as 
it blasted
through the atmosphere at lightning speed.
"What was tha-OUCH!" said Tenchi just before Katoshito hit him over the 
head.
"Tenchi-boy!" said Katoshito "We got to movement 30"
"Hic!" blew Ayeka from a bush.
"Now you've blown it" Ryoko mumbled.
Before Tenchi could ask them why they were hiding in the bush an almighty 
crash was
heard nearby.

"My" Mihoshi said as she looked at her watch, which was flashing "I'm 
receiving a
distress call!"
"Where from?" Gary asked as he looked at the watch. The house was bathed in 
light as
the object flew down from the sky.
"Jesus!" said Gary look up through the window of the house "What was that?"
"I don't have clue" Mihoshi said as she got back up from under the table.
"Maybe it's a meteorite?" Sasami offered as she picked Ryo-ohki up "What do 
you
think?"
Ryo-ohki growled softly and jumped down.
"That didn't sound good" Gary blinked as he watched Ryo-ohki run out of the 
door.
"Sasami maybe you should stay indoors" Mihoshi said nervously "Gary are we 
gonna go
and see what it is?"
"We might as well" Gary shrugged "We're the only coppers in an area twice 
the size of a
normal precinct"
Mihoshi nodded and smiled at Sasami.
"You'll take care of yourselves right?" Sasami asked.
"Of course we will" Gary grinned "We better catch up with Ryo-ohki" he said 
to
Mihoshi.
"Right" nodded Mihoshi as they ran outside to catch up with Ryo-ohki.

Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka however had already found the massive ship, whose 
top, rose
above the tallest tree tops.
"It looks big" Ayeka said as she peered up  through the smoke and the steam.
"One big spaceship" Tenchi said, staring down.
Ryoko was silent as she looked at the ship.
"You okay Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.
"Oh its nothing" Ryoko said rubbing her head "it's a Intergalactic Space 
Tech shuttle
mk.12".
Mihoshi and Gary arrived  with Ryo-ohki a moment later.
"What's happened?" Gary asked as he looked around "strewth!" he exclaimed 
quietly
"This place won't have any trees left at this rate!"
"That's crashed" Tenchi said pointing to the large ship that Ryoko stared 
at. The color of
the structure changed every
second.
Ryo-ohki crawled right up against
it, staring at his own reflection.
"What's she doing?" Mihoshi asked as they all watched the Cabbit
"Beats me" murmured Ryoko as she watched the creature intently.
The hexagon turned red suddenly and the side that was facing Ryo-ohki 
expanded and
within a blink of a eye, Ryo-ohki was absorbed into the structure.
"Oh my god!" Mihoshi squealed as she tried to run to the structure "Ryo-ohki 
come
back!".
"Hey calm down" Gary as he grabbed Mihoshi, looking at the structure "wait a 
second
there's a logo on one of the sides"
"Its a scarlet red crab" Ayeka said "What does that mean"
Out of the structure appeared a small little girl, with long red hair 
falling down to her
ankles set behind her. In her arms was a happy, purring Ryo-ohki.
"Who are you?" Tenchi asked.
"Her clothes are old" Mihoshi noted "very old"
"I am Washu!" said the girl sternly "Little Washu to be exact"
"Who is this again?" Ryoko said, looking down.
"Only your gentle caring mother, little Ryoko" said Washu in Ryoko's mind, 
as she
stared up sweetly.
Ryoko was shocked, stepping back a step or two.
Washu smiled as she petted the content Cabbit.
"Those voices in my mind" Ryoko said quietly in Washu's head "they were from 
you?"
Washu nodded.
"How did you know about Tenchi and me?" Ryoko shouted in Washu's mind.
"Ryoko?" asked Ayeka.
"Hey that's no tone to talk to your mother!" Washu said sternly in Ryoko's 
head.
"How did you get here?" Mihoshi asked "Why the sudden entrance?"
"Well I have been on the run for the last five or six millennia since I had 
to abandon
my ship" Washu explained.
"Soja?" Gary asked.
"Yes you know about it as well?" Washu said cautiously
"Do I?" Gary shouted "its been zipping in and out of colonized space for 
about 5
millennia as well, destroying everything in its path!"
"No crew?" Ayeka asked.
"Nope all done by a highly developed AI system" Gary said as he pointed at 
Washu "and
she's the one responsible!"
"Me!?!" Washu shouted "I didn't exactly wake up that morning thinking 'hmm 
lets see
which system shall I obliterate today?' No way sir!"
"Then what are you doing here?" Tenchi asked.
"I've been running from that dammed Soja since I managed to escape" Washu 
shrugged.
"Running?" Tenchi asked skeptically.
"Yeah"
"What from a computer?"
"Yes dammit!" Washu snapped suddenly. You have to believe me, the more time 
I waste
talking to you people, the less chance I have of defeating this…this thing"

"I don't believe you" Ryoko glared in Washu's mind "that you're my Mom or 
this stupid
super ship story"
"All of you better believe it!" Washu shouted "because it is heading here, 
and nothing
can stop it!"

****

After Tenchi had managed to get Washu calmed down, Sasami arrived to tell 
everyone
dinner was ready,
noticing that there was a newcomer she was only too happy to cook for an 
extra person.

After dinner (which was very tasty), the night drew in, so much that most of 
the people in
the house decided to withdraw to bed. Washu however rushed off somewhere.

"Are you sure we should share a room?" Gary asked nervously as he connected 
the
special screen to the wall in the middle of the room, opening it so it 
subdivided the room
into two smaller ones.
"Well we haven't really got a choice now Washu has moved into the house" 
Mihoshi said
as she moved her bags into her sub-room "and this screen should keep the 
warm in well"
"Yeah that's one way of looking at it yeah" said Gary as he laid out his 
futon, rubbing his
eyes in tiredness "So when do you reckon they'll send us a new ship?"
"Soon I hope" Mihoshi said as she turned on a lamp on her side, illuminating 
herself on
the screen.
"Erm Mihoshi" Gary tried to point out before she shut the screen door on the 
far side.
"What?"
"Don't you think the screen. well"
"Oh don't worry" giggled Mihoshi, oblivious to what Gary really meant "I'm 
sure that
lamp is fire safe".
Gary gulped as he watched Mihoshi 's shadow get changed into her Sleeping 
gown
through the screen.
"Anyway we have allot of chores to do in the morning Gary, I hope you'll be 
up early"
"Erm...yeah...great" Gary said, staring at the shadow on the screen.

"Washu, Gary and Mihoshi have prepared your room" Tenchi said walking down 
the
stairs into the living room. Nobody was to be seen.
"What?" Tenchi blinked "I left her here a second ago" Tenchi noticed Washu 
walk out of
the closet set under the stairs.
"Oh there you are!" smiled Tenchi in relief "I didn't know you had a coat 
with you"
"I don't" Washu smiled waving Tenchi over.
"Well why were you in our Closet?" Tenchi asked puzzled.
Tenchi was ushered through the door, expecting a small, dark closet that 
needed a
cleaning. What he got in reality however was much different.
"Aggg!" gasped Tenchi as he looked at the vast expanse of the greenhouse 
laboratory
"What have you done to my Closet?"
"Ahh just as I left it!" yawned Washu as she walked to a floating cushion 
and sat down,
calling up a holo-computer.
"Washu why what happened to the closet?"
"Oh your closet it still there, this is just one of my three interlinked 
labs, now linked to
your house via trans-dimensional portals.
"Oh well you seem busy I'll leave you to it" Tenchi said, not really getting 
any of what
Washu said.
Washu didn't say a word as she tapped away at the keyboard, totally focused 
on what she
was doing. Tenchi smiled as he slipped out.
"Goodnight little Washu" he murmured.
"Yeah me and Tenchi are gonna have a great evening!" came a soft voice from 
behind
Tenchi.
"Yarrrg!" Tenchi cried jumping up in the air and hitting the ceiling.
"Oh Tenchi are you okay?" Ryoko asked as Tenchi landed in a heap.
"Don't be so rough on the boy" Washu said in Ryoko's mind "he's fragile 
unlike you"
"Well who made me as hard as rock then?" Ryoko spat back into Washu's mind.
As Ryoko left with Tenchi, Washu was already checking deep space scans. She 
saw what
she was dreading.
"I pray that they're ready for this" she said to herself as she sent an 
anonymous high
priority message to the Law Committee.
"I'm sorry for going behind your back but it has to be done"

"Come on Sasami" Ayeka smiled as she finished folding her hair expertly into 
her pouch
"Time for bed"
"Aww but can't I stay up for just a bit longer?" Sasami pleaded "The stars 
are out
tonight, I think I can see ours"
Ayeka smiled "I wish I was that age" she thought to herself.
"Please sis" Sasami asked with that sweetness in her eyes.
"Well all right, but come to bed soon, its getting very late" Ayeka said as 
she laid back on
her futon.

"Uh Gary?" Mihoshi said in the darkness.
"Yeah" said Gary sleepily.
"Ummm...nothing" said Mihoshi as she snuggled up.

Fin

