None of these characters belong to me.  I hope you like it.  Send me
feedback
either way!

The Truth That Lies Hidden
Chapter 10: Hope for the Future
By Ryoko-Himesama

Tsunami turned away from the sad scene before her.  She had to do something!

Washu was angerily pacing the floor, or at least the area where the floor
should have been.
"I'll get Tokkimi for this!"  she declared.
"Be rational sister." ordered Tsunami. "I have a plan."
"Tell me!" ordered Washu as she ran up to her sister.
"Together all of them are ready to defeat Kagato.  When they have had more
training, they might be able to defeat Tokimi.  Then Ryoko can take her
place
in the sisterhood to keep the balance."
"You mean we have to leave them like this for awhile?"
"No, we can't do that.  Ryoko might not make it.  I have a plan for that
too."

Tsunami teleported to the Ryo-ohki.  It was time to set her plan in motion.

She had already cast a sleep spell on all six occupants of the ship.  She
reached over and touched Ryoko's forehead, erasing her memory all her
children and friends.  She made a motion with her hands and the capsules
containing Mirei, Azagi, Hiwa, Tenchi,and Ayeka floated toward her.
 Sighing,
Tsunami disappeared with them.  Washu was already there with the others and
their masters.
"I took care of Kagato as well." she said.  "He won't remember this."
"Good." said Tsunami.
One by one, the memories of all the others were either erased entirely or
shfited slightly. Minagi and Yakage were sent to a distant part of the
galaxy.  Tenchi was sent to be reborn in the future, on a planet called
Earth. Hiwa was also sent to this time and place to be reborn.  Misao and
Rumia were sent to another world all together.  Mayuka and Yuzha were sent
to
the future, but a different world.  Ayeka, Sasami, Yugi, Azagi, Hotsuma,
Serio, and Mirei were sent to the future of a world Tsunami was rebuilding
on
Jurai.  On the way, however, Mirei was lost on the way, and Tsunami couldn't

risk more power helping her.  She had a bigger problem to deal with:
Tokkimi.

Washu appeared in Tokimi's lair all ready to do battle.  Tokimi whirled
around to face her.
"What are you doing here!" she demanded.
"It's not me you have to deal with." said Washu.
Beside Tokkimi, a crystal object fell on the ground.  It grew started to
wrap
around her.  Tokimi screamed.  Soon it covered her entirely.  Washu wobbled
a
little and Tsunami caught her.
"We used all our powers to lock her in there." said Washu.
"Yes, and eventually we'll have to let her out before it drains us
entirely."
"Yes, but that will be awhile.  Until then, we'll have to conserve energy by

assimlating with a inactive being.

and so, Tsunami merged with a tree and Washu merged with the being encased
in
a crystal in the Soja.

Years and years later . . .
Tsunami appeared before Ryoko.
"It is time for the truth, Ryoko."

The End
Or is it?
