	I do not own any of these characters, (except for Yuzahami and 
Lefina, whom I made up), and I do not intend on making any money off of 
them.  This story combines parts of all the series, which belong to 
Pioneer.  Hint: every time there's a space between paragraphs the point 
of view changes, and when there is talking in brackets, [blah, blah], 
it's when they talk through their minds.  Also, yin-yang means that 
characters are coming together in a dream world, and any other symbol 
means time has passed.

"You stay away from me, Miss Ryoko," I pleaded.  That pesky demon 
would not leave me alone.  "Shoo, go away.  Leave me alone!"
	"Why should I, Princess?  It's not like you deserve it."
	"I am the Royal Princess of Jurai, and I command you to stop it!"
	"More like the Royal Pain in the."
	"Ryoko!  Don't say such things at the table," Sasami scolded.  
All of this to find out that I have to go home.  "Sister, please tell 
us the news that you received from Jerai."
	"Well, Sasami, we are needed at home.  We must leave today."
	"What?"
	"My marriage has been arranged by Funaho and Father.  Mother says 
he's a nice young man."  This news breaks my heart.  I had always hoped 
that I would marry Tenchi, but he refuses to take the responsibility of 
being King.
	"Ayeka, all I have to say now is.good riddance!" Ryoko burst out 
laughing.  This would be good news for her.  Now it is just Washu that 
she has to compete with, but that isn't much of a hassle.  

	"Ryoko, come in here," a flying message from Washu ordered.  Oh, 
fine.  Of course now that I can finally celebrate I have to leave.  
"Ryoko, step in that tube over there."  I did as Washu said.  The glass 
sealed up and water filled the tube.  Then a whole bunch of cables came 
out and attached to me.
	"What are you doing?"
	"Just hold still Ryoko.  Let's see here.oh my God."
	"What!  What is it?"
	"Ryoko."

	How am I supposed to tell her?  With all the powerful entities in 
this house.if she made her third gem and got a hold of the Master 
Key.Ryoko would be able to absorb all of our powers and become the most 
powerful being in the whole of space.  Even more powerful than Tokimi, 
Tsunami, and me.  Combined.  Ryoko could be a pure energy force.
	"Well what is it?"
	"You can not have this information.  You could be deadly with 
it."  I put a time-atic spell on her so that she would never be able to 
make the third gem.  There's only one way to break the spell, but it 
could never happen.  This would also explain why suddenly everyone is 
being taken away.  Space itself wants to keep Ryoko from turning into 
Lefina, the Ultimate Goddess. 

	"Goodbye, everybody!  Bye.Tenchi."  I broke down and ran into his 
arms, though now I am just as big as he is.  This year I had combined 
with Tsunami, so now I have a complete memory of my life.  I just don't 
want to leave what has been my home for so many years.
	"Sasami, you have to go.  Cheer up, we can still see each other 
sometimes.  It's not goodbye forever."  
	"You're right.  Then I'll see you soon, Tenchi!"  I ran into my 
sister's ship.  Out of a window I could see Ayeka and Tenchi hugging, 
and then she joined me.  "Let's go see Mother."

	"Oh Tenchi." Oh no. Not Ryoko. "Guess what just happened, 
Tenchi."
	"What?" I hope this isn't anything big. What is Washu's door 
doing open? She normally closes it.what has Ryoko done now? Yet, she 
was using her sad, sympathy-seeking facade.
	"Washu cast this big spell on me that could kill me, and the only 
way to break it is to."
	"To what?" I don't want Ryoko to die!
	"Um, we kind of have to, we.we have to.kiss." She made it seem 
like it was a big deal. Like she hasn't kissed me before. Her face 
turned bright red. The only person that blushes like that.
	"Zero? Is that you?" Zero has been a big part of Ryoko's persona 
lately.
	"How did you guess? Is it that noticeable?" Zero is the only part 
of Ryoko that acts decent. I actually like her when she is Zero. "I 
know, it's so.so embarrassing!" She blushed again.

	Ha.  He's falling for it.  I am such a good liar.  I moved a 
little closer to Tenchi on the couch and put my head on his shoulder.  
"Well, should we?"
	"Yeah, if you could die otherwise.  I don't want you to die."  
	"You are so sweet."  He's mine for the taking.  If we kissed long 
enough, I could use Tenchi's energy to break Washu's spell and form my 
third gem.  Then I could absorb the Master Key.  But what would I do 
after that?  Tenchi kissed me, and I concentrated on breaking the 
spell.

	"Thank you. Now I can assimilate your power." 
	"What? What do you mean?"
	"Did you really believe me? You should know better, Tenchi." 
She's right. How could I have believed her? "Now just hold still. This 
won't hurt.much." 
	"No! Leave me alone!"
	"Oh, come on, Tenchi. Don't you trust me?"
	"No." I never have completely trusted her. Then Ryoko grabbed 
both of my wrists and pinned them to the arm of the couch. I would have 
kicked her off, but she was practically sitting on me. "Get off of me!"
	"Why, Tenchi, you've hurt my feelings. Now I can't leave you 
alone." She lowered her head and matched up our eyes almost exactly. I 
could feel something pulling at me, but not physically. "I'm almost 
done."
	"What are you doing to me?" 
	"Just using your life energy to break the spell Washu put on me. 
Why? Does it bother you?"
	"Yeah! You're using my LIFE energy! What happens if you use it 
all up?"
	"Oh, I don't know. You'll probably die."
	"Die!" I sat up, knocking Ryoko off. She started screaming for no 
apparent reason. "What's happening?" Then it hit me. A giant shock wave 
from Ryoko hit me. 
	"Tenchi, you broke the transfusion!" Uh, I feel dizzy.

	"Tenchi!"  I can't move!  His life energy flew from his body.  If 
I don't do something, he'll die!  I stood up, bearing the weight of the 
shock wave created by his energy.  If it can make that much of a 
force.I can use it!  I concentrated on the wave and focused all of it 
into one spot.  I compacted it, though it was hard, and turned it into 
an energy ball.  I held it in one hand and concentrated.aha!  It turned 
into my third gem, which I placed around my neck.
	"Ryoko.help me."  Tenchi fell onto the ground and passed out.  I 
ran over, picked him up, and put him on the couch.  There is only one 
way to restore his energy, (I can't help it if it happens to work out 
this way.I have his energy and this is the only way to give it back), 
and I must do it quickly.  I placed both of my wrists on the sides of 
his neck and.

	I opened my eyes to see Ryoko.and she's kissing me! [Don't move, 
Tenchi. I'm not done restoring your energy.] Ryoko was talking to me, 
yet she wasn't. I started to sit up but she forced me down again. [I 
just told you not to move!] How is she talking to me? [I can read your 
mind.] Yeah, right, sure she can. [I know that you like me.] Uh, oh. 
She can read my mind.
	[Do you know that.]
	[Yup.]
	[How are you talking to me any way?]
	[Through your mind. You know I am done transferring your energy.]
	[I don't care. I just want to kiss you, Ryoko.]

?
	"Tenchi?"  I hope he's not sleeping.  I looked over at him.
	 [Yes, Ryoko?]  So he can talk to me, too.  
	[Are you asleep?]
	[Yes, why?]
	[Can I join you?]
	[Yeah, but I don't know how you could.]  I closed my eyes and 
walked along a bright blue path to Tenchi's mind.  I reached a portal 
that led to his brain and entered it.

?
	"How did you get here?" A dream Ryoko walked up to me and put her 
arms around my neck. 
	"Does it matter? Let me make this dream perfect, Tenchi. Let me 
change it."
	"Alright." She closed her eyes and suddenly we were in another 
world. We were at some huge Japanese mansion and there was a beautiful 
mountain range around it. "Wow!" There was a slight mist from a nearby 
pond with a bathhouse by it.
	"Isn't it perfect?"
	"Yeah." Then Ayeka came running out of the house.
	"Miss Ryoko, Lord Tenchi, I am at your service."
	"Is our bath ready?"
	[Our?]
	[Do you have a problem with that? It's not like we will be in the 
same part.]
	[What?]
	[Washu made us a separate dimension bath.] Oh.
	"Yes, Miss Ryoko. It's nice and hot, so get in it soon."
	"And get us some tea, the good stuff."
	"Of course, Miss Ryoko." Then Ryoko took my hand and led me down 
a stone path. We walked across the deck of the bathhouse and walked 
into it, closing the screen door behind us. Mihoshi greeted us, handed 
us our towels, and left.
	"Why did you include everyone?"
	"I thought it would be a nice touch. Don't you like it?"
	"Actually it does kind of make this place seem more realistic. Is 
this really my dream?"
	"Doesn't it seem real? And the cool part is that we never have to 
wake up if we don't want to."
	She walked over to the right part of the bathhouse, which was 
obviously for women. It had a vanilla fragrance to it. My part was 
separated from hers by a short wall with a hedge full of flowers on it, 
and at the end of the wall close to the center of the giant bath was a 
hot tub that you could just step up into. 
	I walked over to my side, which wasn't as stylish, but was still 
huge. There were steps leading down into the waist high water. I went 
into a side room to change into my towel that had TM embroidered at the 
corner of the white fabric.

	Cool.  My changing room had a dresser with a bunch of fancy 
perfumes, soaps, and lotions.  I put on my towel and some lilac perfume 
on my neck.
	I opened the door and went into the bath.  The water was nice and 
warm.  I noticed that there was miniature waterfall in front of the hot 
tub.  Tenchi's in his changing room.  Perfect.

	[Oh, Tenchi. Come here.] Now what? [Close your eyes. I can lead 
you through your mind.] Okay, whatever.
	I closed my eyes.there was a slight glowing in front of me. I 
followed it out of the changing room, into the bath, and up into the 
hot tub. [Open your eyes.] I looked around. The hot tub was surrounded 
with a thick, lacy curtain. There was a waterfall in front of me. 
	[Ryoko, where are you? And why are we talking to each other 
through our minds?]
	[Do you want Ayeka to hear us? Besides, it is more secretive and 
exciting this way. Walk through the waterfall.] I did as she said.

	Tenchi came through the waterfall.  His mouth dropped as he saw 
me.  [Ryoko, you're.]
	"In a small bathing suit?"  Tenchi just nodded his head.  "Does 
it bother you?  It's not like you haven't seen me before.  Sit by me, 
Tenchi."  He semi-reluctantly obeyed.  As he sat down, his nose started 
to bleed.

	"I can't do this."
	"Why? Is it because you don't like me?" She wrapped her arms 
around my neck from behind me. "I know what you want. I know all of 
your thoughts. I know your dreams, and your past. I know everything 
about you," she whispered in my ear.
	"I know why you act so tough. You're afraid that people won't 
accept you, so you act like you don't care. I know why you fight Ayeka, 
and why you get jealous of her. But you don't need to be. I like only 
you, Ryoko." I gently lifted both of her hands off of my shoulders and 
turned to face her. Tears were running down her cheeks. They shimmered 
slightly in the light from the one candle hanging from the ceiling. She 
hugged me tightly, grasping at my skin. "Ryoko." And she disappeared.

	I woke up and opened my eyes.  It was still dark out.  The tears 
were real.  They ran down my cheeks and across my shoulders.  Tenchi's 
still sleeping.  [Ryoko?  Are you still here?]  I cut off his 
connection to my head.  I can't deal with him right now.  I got up off 
the couch and went to my room.

	"Somebody help me!"  No one could here me.  Ryoko had forced me 
to tell her the truth, and then locked me up in my own cage!  [Ryoko!  
Let me out of here!]  She is blocking my messages.  But there is only 
one way.oh, no.  She must have gotten to Tenchi!  Hopefully she hasn't 
gotten the Master Key!

	"Kiyone!  I'm getting a message from Headquarters!"  She rolled 
over in her bed to face me.  
	"Well?"
	"Oh.  Um, let's see.  Oops."
	"What did you do?"
	"I kind of erased it."
	"Mihoshi!"

	"Why did you do that!"  That stupid numskull!
	"I didn't do it on purpose!  I'm sorry!"  Mihoshi started to 
wail, as always.
	"Wait."  My watch was blinking.  "I got one, too."  She stopped 
crying immediately.
	"What does it say?"  I touched the top and it opened.  A screen 
opened and flashed the message.  
	"We have been reassigned to another solar system.  We must go 
now.  Our shift will start at the same time we would arrive.  Pack your 
things.  We have to go."
	"But we asked to be assigned here so we could be with Tenchi!"
	"We won't see him for a while now because we are going to our 
assigned area!  Now pack up!"
	They can't leave!  I need Mihoshi and Kiyone to get me out of 
here!  Princess Ayeka, please return.  We need your help!

	"I refuse to marry anybody!"  Why can't Mother and Father 
understand?
	"You are getting married to this man and you can't do anything 
about it!" Father yelled.
	"Excuse me, Azuza, but I have a message for Ayeka," Funaho 
interrupted.  
	"We will talk about this later."  He is my father, but sometimes 
I wish I could have been born a mere schoolgirl.  I took the message 
receiver from Funaho and walked over to the side of the room.
	"Hello?"  Washu appeared in the screen.
	"Princess Ayeka, you and Sasami must return!  There is a big 
problem that only you can fix."
	"But I can't leave here.  I have my duties."
	"You are talking to a former Goddess, Ayeka.  You must come right 
now."
	"Alright.  If it is that urgent.  But it will take a couple days 
to get there."
	"Not with my portal.  Just step into it and you will be 
transported here automatically."
	"Okay."  A circular portal appeared in front of me.  "Sasami, we 
are leaving."

	"Ryoko, what's wrong?"  Tenchi sat on the side of my couch/bed, 
rubbing my back.
	"I don't want to put you through anything, Tenchi!  I can't!  I 
won't!"
	"What are you talking about?"  I rolled over.  
	"I don't want to hurt you.  I don't want anything to happen to 
you."  My hands grasped his shirt as I held him tight.
	"You haven't done anything to hurt me!  I don't know why you 
would think that."  I can't tell him.  But I need the Key.
	"Ryoko, stop crying.  There's no need to cry.  Everything's fine, 
it always has been."
	"Tenchi, have you realized how close we are to each other?  You 
normally won't even sit by me."  
	"I know.  It's some how different this time.  I want to be by 
you, Ryoko.  I never want to be away from you."
	"Really?"
	"Yes."  I looked up into his eyes.  The light from the moon was 
shining in through my window, filling the room with a light glow.  
	"Tenchi?"
	"Yes, Ryoko?"
	"Kiss me."
	"Gladly."  He took his hand and slid it across my cheek.  Our 
faces came together and.we kissed.  I opened up the connection to my 
mind.  
	[Tenchi, do you love me?]
	[Yes, I do.]
	[Let me see your sword.]  He took it out of his pocket.
	"What are you doing to him, you monster!"

	How dare she, that demon!  [Demoness, you idiot!]  
	"How dare you.!"  How did Ryoko talk to me? 
	[I'm in your head.]
	"How?"
	[I have my third gem and the Master Key.]
	"WHAT!  How can you hold on to it without it hurting you?"
	"I absorbed part of Tenchi's energy."
	"How?"
	"By kissing him."
	How.how disgraceful, that, that creature to do such a thing!
	"Is this true, Lord Tenchi?"
	"Uh, I guess so?" 
	"Give the Key to me, Ryoko!"
	"No."
	"Give it to me now!"
	"No!"  I tried to grab it, but she absorbed it into her hand.
	"How can you do that?"  She refused to answer me.  The two gems 
left on the Master Key appeared on her earlobes. 
	"Great!  Now I can take your power, Princess."
	"What do you mean?"

	I froze her in place so she couldn't escape.  "What are you doing 
to me?  I can't move!"
	"Of course not."  
	"Azaka, Kamadaki!"  They won't change a thing.  The two appeared.
	"Don't move."  
	"Attack!"  They didn't do anything.  "What?  What did you do to 
them?"
	"I control them now."  I put my hands by both sides of Ayeka's 
head.

	Energy shot out of Ryoko's hands and surrounded Ayeka.  I jumped 
off the bed but something, some sort of invisible stakes, shot out and 
pinned me against the wall.
	Ayeka's energy was drained and transformed into a crown.  "I'm 
the Princess of Jerai now."  Ryoko put the crown on, and as she did 
Ayeka disappeared.
	"Why did you do that?"
	"Oh, don't worry, Tenchi.  I'll save you for last."

	She got Ayeka.  Only Sasami can save space itself now.  "Oh, 
Washu.  Guess who's the first princess of Jurai now."  
	"Why are you doing this, Ryoko?"
	"I want the power.  I want to live with just Tenchi, all alone in 
our dream world.  I can make it if I have the power."
	"And what about Tenchi?  Does he want to be alone?  Or will you 
drain him, too?"
	"I have to, but I can give his body back to him when I'm done 
with his energy."
	"He would be a mindless zombie."
	"How would you know?  You have never experienced the full power 
of what I will be.  Isn't this why you created me, to hold the power of 
the Ultimate Goddess?"
	"I made you because I wanted to, not to become some powerful 
being."
	"Well too bad.  I'll get you after I absorb Tsunami, who should 
be arriving in human form right now."

	"Tenchi?  Ryoko?  Ayeka?  Where is everybody?"
	"I'm here, Sasami.  Or should I say Tsunami?  It doesn't matter.  
Through you I will get her."  
	"No Ryoko!  Stay away from me!"  Tsunami, help me!  She didn't 
appear.  Tsunami, I'm scared!  Ryoko continued approaching me.  [She 
won't come.  She knows what I'm after.]  Ryoko grabbed my collar and 
lifted me off the ground.  "Stop it!  Leave me alone!"

	"Come out, come out wherever you are.  I know you're here, 
Tsunami.  I can feel your presence.  Come save yourself."
	"Leave her alone, Ryoko.  It's my power you want, not hers," the 
goddess spoke.  I dropped the girl to the ground, keeping my eyes on 
her as she ran behind her other form.
	"Actually I want both of you, but I'll absorb you first."
	"And how do you plan on doing that?"
	"It's simple.  Being a ship of Jurai, the Master Key can control 
you.  And I have it."  I touched both of the gems on my ears.  "Come to 
me, Tsunami.  It's time for the first goddess to die."
	"Tsunami, don't!"  She walked towards me, though I could tell she 
was fighting it.  I did the same as I did to Ayeka.  Her two circle 
marks appeared on my forehead when I was done.  Sasami started to run.  
I quickly stopped her.

	Ryoko grabbed my hand and yanked me hard against the wall.  
"Sasami, don't fight it.  Don't you want to join your other self?  She 
wanted to say something to you, you know.  She wanted you to know that 
you hold part of her power.  That's to bad because that makes me want 
your energy even more."
	"Why are you doing this, Ryoko?"
	"Actually this is just Ryoko's body.  You are talking to a more 
powerful being that was created and inserted into her."
	"What do you mean?"
	"When Kagato had stolen Ryoko, he created a superior creature 
that would control her when awakened.  I am that creature, actually I'm 
more like a spirit.  My name is Yuzamahi.  You should bow for such a 
powerful demon, but I guess you can't really move."  What?  I tried to 
raise my arm, but an invisible force held me captive.
	"Then why are you doing this, Yuzamahi?" 
	"Kagato programmed me to do all of this.  I am the best assassin 
ever possible, and once I get all the Entities together, I will become 
the greatest deity in Space.  In fact, I could destroy all of Space 
itself."
	Yuzamahi put her hands on my cheeks and.[Sasami, fight it!  Don't 
let her get you!]
	[I'm trying, Tsunami!  I just can't!  She's too powerful!]  I 
closed my eyes and waited for it to come.

	"You people just can't put up a fight."  That Sasami had given up 
quickly.  The fool.  Now I have the power of one goddess.  Now to get 
the second. 

	Tsunami!  Sister.  She has you, too, now.  I guess I'm next.  
[How wonderful.  You're already expecting me.  You ruined the surprise, 
but I guess that doesn't' really matter.]
	"Why are you controlling Yuzahami, Kagato?  Or must you always 
have a woman do your dirty work?"
	"Kagato does not control me, Washu, mother.  Or should I also say 
sister?  You can decide.  Either way, you'll be part of me soon."
	"You are neither.  Yuzahami is not my daughter, Ryoko is.  And 
you're not Ryoko."
	"I am her!  I am also Zero, Ayeka, Tsunami, and Sasami!  Soon I 
will also be Washu!"
	"You will never be any of them!  They are all real people, while 
you are just a mere spirit, if that.  Even if you do absorb me, I will 
make sure that you do not stay resurrected long."
	"Shut up, mortal.  I don't need your complaints or threats."  She 
will not get me!  I can't stay in my present state if I am to fight 
back.

	"So the goddess Washu appears.  How lovely, not.  It doesn't 
matter what form you have.  I can and will take your energy anyway."  

	"Ryoko! Let me go! Are you listening to me?" She had left me up 
here. 
	[Tenchi, I can't fight Yuzahami. She is too strong now. Try to 
bring Ryoko back. Farewell.] Who the heck is Yuzahami? What is 
happening to Ryoko?
	"I'm back, Lord Tenchi." Ayeka? I turned my head.Ryoko was 
standing there. She looked odd. She had Ayeka's crown, Sasami's 
markings, and Washu's long hair. 
	"Yuzahami?"
	"Yes. You call my name, what do you want?"
	"I want to be let down."
	"Okay. Only for a little bit, though. Can't have you disrupting 
my plans." I fell to the ground. "Anything else?"
	"I want Ryoko back."
	"Why? You didn't like her. You were just afraid of what would 
happen if you told her the truth. You like Ayeka," Suddenly she looked 
exactly like her. "Don't you."
	She's playing mind games with me. "No, I don't. I like Ryoko, and 
I miss her, so give her back."
	"You don't like her as much as you say. You always back away when 
she tries to get close. Yet you are kind to Ayeka." 
	"I like only Ryoko."
	"Oh, really? And what about Sakuya?" She transformed into Sakuya. 
"Hi, Tenchi. I really miss you."

	"Sakuya?"  Tenchi!  Get me out of here!  I want my body back!  
It's as if I'm watching myself through a window.
	"Yeah, Tenchi?  I've been in Yugi's mind for so long.  I was 
getting lonely."  Don't fall for her, Tenchi!  [You can't do anything, 
Ryoko.  Just watch what happens.]  Tenchi wouldn't do anything bad.  He 
loves me!  He even said so!  [That's what you think.]
	"I missed you, too, Sakuya."  What?  Tenchi?  Tears formed at the 
corners of my eyes.  No!  It's not possible!
	"Did you really?"
	"Yes.  It's been such a long time."  Stop this, Yuzahami!  Leave 
me alone!
	"Oh, Tenchi."  No more!  Make it stop!  I opened my eyes.  They 
were kissing!  Let me out, Yuzahami.  Just for a little bit.  [All 
right.  You have ten minutes.]  Do you want Yugi?  [Yes, so leave her 
body alone.  You can take her mind.  I'll lend you the power.]  Thank 
you.

	She was real! My Sakuya, back. Something changed. She pulled away 
from me. "You are a liar, you cheap jerk! I'll make sure you never have 
Sakuya again!" Ryoko! Her true self broke through the illusion. Her 
eyes glowed bright red and a force that was definitely not hers rushed 
up and around her. "I trusted you! I opened up to you! And you turned 
your back on me and ripped my heart apart! No more kindness ever again. 
I will destroy the universe because it is full of back-stabbers like 
you!" She turned to leave but I grabbed her hand. 
	"Ryoko, you don't know the whole story!"
	"I don't need to! I saw what happened." There's only one way to 
show her. I grabbed her face between my hands and pulled her towards 
me.

?
	"How did you take me here?"  We were back in the dream world.  I 
can't leave!  Are you there, Yuzahami?
	"We are cut off from her, Ryoko.  I control this world, and I 
don't want you to go."  My powers are gone.  I can't take them with me?  
"Ryoko, sit down."
	"No!  Let me leave!"
	"If you won't cooperate with me, them I'll have to force you.  
Vines came out and tied me down into the hot tub.  Tenchi sat down next 
to me.  I looked away, but he turned my head to face him.  "Ryoko, 
there's nothing between Sakuya and me anymore.  She's not even real.  
You are the only one for me."
	"How do I know if you're lying or not?  How can I even trust 
you?"

	Ryoko started to cry. I wiped them away with the side of my hand. 
"Ryoko, look into my eyes. You are the only one in all of space for 
me." She still avoided looking at me. "The kiss was all her. I knew you 
were still there. That demon was just trying to pull us apart."
	"I'm not a fool. You liked that kiss. Even better that mine. You 
like her more than me!" 
	"No I don't!"
	"Now you're yelling at me! Just let me leave!"
	"I have to make you understand." There's only one thing left. I 
leaned over and kissed her. I let the vines lose. She didn't move. I 
started to pull away, but she grabbed my side and pulled me into her 
arms. I put my arms around her. What else am I supposed to do.
	She set her chin on my shoulder and I could feel warm drops from 
tears on it. "I was so afraid that I had lost you." Her grip tightened 
and she ran her hand through my hair. "I love you, Tenchi! I don't want 
anything to separate us."
	"You don't have to worry anymore. I'll never let anyone hurt 
you."

	That stupid Tenchi!  He blocked me from entering Ryoko's mind!  I 
will have to break through his seal to be able to reach her.  I touched 
one finger to his forehead.
?
	"What an unsophisticated world.  I could make a better garbage 
dump than this."  Now where is Ryoko?  Aha!  I faded out to where she 
was.  She screamed when she saw me.  "Don't think you can escape me, 
Ryoko.  I need your body, and you can't stop me from taking it."
	"You can't bring your powers here."
	"Yes I can.  You just don't have the capability to bring them 
with you.  Just like you can't change this world.  I can kill you here 
and you would die in reality.  Bet you didn't know that."

	Yuzahami is beautiful. Her eyes are underlined with black 
eyeliner, and her hair spreads out in sharp spikes just like Ryoko's. 
Plus her dress old-fashioned, poofing out with a bunch of lace 
underneath, and it opens up from the top to the middle of her waist in 
a diamond shape.
	"Thank you, Tenchi. I thought you'd never notice. I wish I could 
normally like this, but I have to be trapped in that old hag."
	"Hey! At least I don't look like a child!"
	"I'm not all child, am I? I don't sag in that department." Ryoko 
had nothing to say; instead she just started to cry. "You have no evil 
left in you, since I am the demon that makes you that way." What?
	"Zero is the moody, mushy persona of Ryoko, and I'm the evil, 
harsh persona. That just leaves her with a dull, boring personality 
with no life whatsoever. I am the persona you fell in love with. So you 
might as well leave that peace of space trash and go with the true 
Ryoko."
	"You are not the true Ryoko!"
	"Which persona do you see most of the time? Without Zero and me, 
she has nothing left. That is why she is boring now. Does this sound 
familiar?" Suddenly Yuzahami looked like Ryoko. "I know what you want, 
I know all your thoughts, I know all about you. That was me talking, 
Tenchi. It always has been me. I am the Ryoko you know."
	"That's not possible. Is this true, Ryoko?" She looked up at me.
	"I.I am not who you think I am. She is the one you know, not me. 
I'm just her body."
	"That can't be true! Ryoko."
	"It is true. Just leave her behind. She has no use except to be 
my holder." This can't be. Ryoko has been acting odd. Yet that would 
explain why Yuzahami reminds me of her.

	"It won't matter anyway.  Once I am joined with all the Entities, 
I will look entirely different.  Let's leave now so I can continue with 
my mission."  I destroyed the dream world.  I returned to Ryoko and 
made sure she couldn't control her body.
	[Stop this, Yuzahami!  You can't harm Tenchi!]
	[I'll save him for last.]  I blocked off Ryoko in the back of my 
mind.  Now to get Yugi.  

	Ryoko no longer looked like herself. She looked like.oh, no!  
Yuzahami must have control of her! [Correct! Now let's resurrect your 
little girlfriend.] Who? Yugi!
	We were transported into Yugi's crypt. "Hello Sakuya." Sakuya 
appeared in front of us, yet she was like a ghost.
	"What's happening, Tenchi?"
	"I don't know."
	"Both of you might want to watch Yugi's defeat." 
	"But won't that destroy me?"
	"Like I care." Yuzahami destroyed the glass case the little girl 
was stored in. "Bye, bye." Yugi was absorbed into Yuzahami, and Sakuya 
disappeared. Just like that. I didn't even get to say goodbye. "Now 
let's get those two police girls," Yuzahami said with an evil glare on 
her face.
	I grabbed onto her, but she pushed me away and faded out.

	"Kiyone, what's that?" A bright flash ran past the front of my 
ship.
	"Hello Mihoshi and Kiyone," somebody said. We both turned around 
to see a pretty little girl. 
	"How did you know our names?"
	"Mihoshi, shoot!"
	"Why?  It's just a little girl."
	"She's a demon created by Kagato!"  Oh.  Kiyone reached for her 
gun but the demon gripped her neck and lifted her off the ground.
	"Little girl?  I'm offended!"  Kiyone dissipated into the girl's 
hand.
	"Go away!  AHHH!"  I tried running, but something caught onto my 
neck.  
	"Goodbye, First Class Mihoshi."

	"Did ya miss me, Tenchi?" Yuzahami had tied me up before she left 
to do whatever. My hands were tied to a stake above my head, and my 
ankles were strapped together. "Was it too dark in this cave for you? 
Or was it seeing your love die?" 
	"Why are you this cruel? Is it because your crown is shoved up 
your butt?" She slapped me across my cheek. "You're a rapacious, 
avaricious, churlish lout!"
	"I don't know what the heck you said but it sounded like it was 
an insult!"
	"I guess the contemptuous don't have brains."
	"I'm not arrogant, you vapid piece of asininity!"
	"At least I'm not repeating words." She kicked me hard in the 
stomach.
	"Don't jest around with me, ephemeral. I can taunt you, you know. 
You are kind of bound right now."
	"And what would you do with me? Say big words to try to prove 
your intelligence? You won't do anything to me."
	"Oh, really? I happen to think otherwise. Let's see what happens 
when I get all my energy. Until then, I'll give you a parting gift." 
She ran her finger down the side of my face and around my chin. 
	"What was that all about?"
	"You can now see what I see. Just close your other eye. You can 
see my last victim be absorbed. Bye, sweetie-pie."

	Time to see Tokimi.  I shifted in and out of travel dimensions 
and arrived at her residence.  "Hello, Yuzahami.  I have been expecting 
you."
	"Why aren't you afraid of me?"
	"I understand what will happen in the future, and it is 
beneficial for my being."
	"Then you won't put up a fight?"
	"Not at all."
	"You take the fun out of things, sister."

	She had gotten Tokimi. [Come here, sweetie. You're next.] 
Suddenly I appeared in a giant room.
	"Where are we?"
	"In another dimension. We are in a void, so we won't be 
interrupted." I could feel my energy being pulled from me. "You'll 
probably die soon, so you can be with your Sakuya. Oh, wait. I guess 
not, since she's part of Yugi."

	Washu had set me free.  But how am I supposed to leave my body?  
I'll have to steal part of Yuzahami's extra energy to be able to partly 
materialize beyond the body.  I'll only be a spirit, but I'll still be 
there.
	I left my body and manifested.  "How did you get here?!"  Tenchi 
fell to the ground, almost all of his energy absorbed.  "I trapped 
you!"
	"Not as well as you thought you did."  I ran over to Tenchi.  
"Tenchi, say something."
	"He might as well be dead.  Now get out of my way."
	"No!"  Yuzahami levitated towards me and grabbed my neck.  
Instead of her taking my energy, I acquired some of hers, giving me 
substance.
	"How did you do that?"
	"You are using my body.  I can take all that I want."  Rage 
appeared in her eyes.
	"Get out of my way!"  I refused to move.  Then she took her hand 
and struck my head, casting me to the side of the room.  A thick cord 
wrapped around my neck and anchored me to the floor.
	She then picked Tenchi up.  "Stop!  Leave him alone!"  I tried to 
get free, but the harder I pulled the tighter the rope became.  Tenchi 
was gone!  Yuzahami transformed into Lefina.  She resembled Tokimi.  
	"It is now the beginning of the end!  You can watch me destroy 
your precious world."  He's gone.  Tenchi's really gone.  It can't be 
possible.  He would never leave me!  He promised he would protect me!  
He would always be there!  "What is your problem?  He was just a silly 
human."

	Ryoko looks pretty mad.  Oh well, like she can do anything to me.  
She broke the cord tied around her neck.  Big deal.  So she can break a 
rope.  I can destroy all of space.  "You'll pay for all that you have 
done!"
	I stopped her dead in her tracks.  "I don't think so.  Since you 
have threatened my being, I must destroy yours."

	She put her hand over my forehead.  "It's too bad I'll have to 
kill you.  You were such a good girl when you were trapped in my mind."
	"It's my body.  Give it back."
	"It's too late for that."  A strong pressure started pushing on 
both sides of my head.  I can't stop fighting back.  I can't chicken 
out now.  I pulled my arm up, and it felt like a thousand pounds were 
tied to it.  "How are you doing this?"  I put my hand on her wrist and 
gripped it tight.
	Then I put my other hand on Tenchi's head.  I started 
transferring energy from her to him.  "Tenchi can and will not die.  
I'll use your own power to revive him."

	"You will do no such thing!" I raised my free hand high in the 
air and chopped her hand off at the wrist.  She screamed in pain, the 
wimp.  "I warned you."  Tenchi started moving.  "Now look at what 
you've done!"  He got up and stood by Ryoko.  I hurled a knife at him.

	Ryoko jumped in front of me. The knife sideswiped her back. "Why 
did you do that?"
	"I had to protect you." She fell against me, and I tried to prop 
her up. I noticed blood was all over the back of her dress. "We have to 
fight her, Tenchi."
	"But you're wounded."
	"She will destroy everything if we don't." I laid her down on the 
ground so she wouldn't lose too much blood. 
	"I'll fight her, Ryoko. Don't worry." Great. How am I supposed to 
fight without my sword?
	"Well if you won't make the first move, I will." A blast of 
energy shot out and pushed me against a wall. Everything went black.

	Tenchi got knocked out.  How could I have expected him to take on 
Yuzahami?  She could have killed him, again.  I stood up, though I was 
extremely weak.  "Why don't you give up?  It would save us the time."
	"No.  Not until you're destroyed."  
	"I'll just have to end it quickly, then."  I was lifted off the 
ground.  Something started choking me.  "Say goodbye to your Tenchi.  
You'll never see him again."  I can't breathe!  I can't die this way!  
I can't leave Tenchi!  No!  I won't!

	It's not possible!  How can she survive?  She broke away from my 
grip.  "How can you do all of this?"
	"I am the daughter of a goddess.  I am also a demon.  Therefore I 
am extremely powerful.  If you have my body, then I can use the powers 
you have absorbed."
	"That's impossible!"
	"Let's find out if that's true."  Ha.  Have it your way then.  I 
charged up all my energy.  Nobody challenges me and lives!

	She looks pretty mad.  Let's see what I can do.  I gathered all 
my powers and focused them at Yuzahami.  She did the same thing, and it 
was hard to counter her power.  I can't be beat.  Her strength is 
greater than mine!  It is too hard to keep fighting. 
	"It looks demons can die."  I tried Tenchi.  She's just too 
powerful.  Tenchi, I don't want to leave you.  I can't leave you.  I 
won't give up.  
"This is for you, Tenchi!"  Something came over me, some powerful 
force, giving me more strength.  

No!  How did she get so much force?  It surrounded her like an 
electric field.  "Goodbye, Yuzahami." 

A huge explosion woke me up. Ryoko was surrounded with energy. 
She shot all of it at Yuzahami, who tried to block it with her arms. A 
huge wave of electricity shot out and blew right over me. When it 
cleared I noticed that Yuzahami was gone and Ryoko was lying on the 
ground.
I rushed over to her. "Ryoko, wake up. We won. Open your eyes!" 
She wasn't even breathing.
	"Thank you." What the heck! Yuzahami was standing right in front 
of us. "Don't worry, I'm not Yuzahami. I am Lefina, the first and most 
powerful goddess."
	"How can she be."
	"When she killed Yuzahami she used all of her life force, and all 
that was left was her body."
	"Is there anything you can do?"
	"I can give her back her life, but she will no longer me 
immortal." At least she'll be alive. "Take this."
	I picked Ryoko up in my arms and walked into a portal that would 
take us home. It felt like we were falling, but that was just the 
gravity. I opened the locket Lefina had given me. It had a small jewel 
in it. I picked it up and placed it on Ryoko's forehead.

	"Tenchi?  Did we win?"
	"Yes, now go back to sleep.  You need to recover.  I'll be with 
you the entire time."
	"Thank you, Tenchi."
	"For what?"
	"For giving me the strength to fight."
The Key
1
