Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension
Chapter Two: Damsel in Distress
By Ryoko-himesama

<Mistress>
<Nani, Ryo-ohki?>
<We have arrived>
<Arigato, Ryo-ohki>
Ryoko dropped her fighting stance.
"That's all for today." she told her five pupils, "I have to get to work."
Her children shuddered at what the phrase "Get to work" meant in this case.

Sasami looked confused at her "siblings'" reactions.
"Nani?  Minna-san have to work sometime in their lives."
The five sweatdropped at her ignorance.  Yugi, at her young age, decided to
elaborate on it.
"When mom works, planets go boom!" she explained.
Ryoko stared at her youngest daughter, then decided to have a little talk
with her later.  This wasn't the right environment to raise a child, let
alone four (or now five).
"What in Kami-sama's name was Tsunami thinking when she gave Sasami to me!"
she wonder for the hundredth time.  Finally, Ryoko concluded the the ways of

the Goddesses were strange indeed and left it at that.
<Ryo-ohki!  Take me down and then get them outta here!>
<Hai Mistress, I will return when you give the okay.>
<Arigato, Ryo-ohki.>

Ryoko fell to the planet below.  She had to hurry and give this over with,
for if she wasted time, Kagato would take over and vaporize the whole
planet.
 She was to fetch the stone of Jurai's royal family and quickly!  Ryoko
raced
toward the royal palace.

        Watching from high above, the Goddess Tsunami smiled.  She had made
a deal with the pirate.  Now that Ryoko had held up her end of the bargin,
Tsunami must work towards holding up hers.  She cast her power to a
spaceship
fast approaching the planet Jurai, freezing it and its crew in time so they
wouldn't be destroyed with the rest.

        Ryoko felt Kagato's mind taking over and knew she was too late for
his tastes.

"What happened here?"  said a boy with black hair.
"I have no idea, Tenchi."  said his purple-haired companion.  "Are there any

survivors?"
Suddenly, a few feet away, the two heard a cough and saw a young, cyan
haired
girl stand up.

"Oh man." thought Ryoko, "It happened again."
Ryoko closed her eyes and concentrated.
<Ryo-oh . . .>
Before Ryoko could finish, a boy's voice interupted her.
"Miss! Are you alright?"
Ryoko opened her eyes and saw a pigtailed girl with purple hair and a boy
with black hair run toward her.
"Did you see what happened?" asked the girl.
"Nani?" asked Ryoko, "Who are you?"
"I am Princess Ayeka of planet Jurai and this is Prince Tenchi of planet
Earth.  I just arrived today to inform my parents that I had found a
finance,
Lord Tenchi, and saw this.  You should recognize me!"
"They think I'm a survivor!" thought Ryoko.
"I didn't see what happened or who did it."  She said.
"What am I going to do?" she thought. "I can't just take more people back
with me! Kagato would notice, but I can't just leave them here."
"We have to get outta here before whoever did this comes back!" exclaimed
Ryoko.
She closed her eyes.
<Ryo-ohki!  Come pick us up!>
<Hai Mistress!>
"I've sent for my spaceship.  She'll be here soon."
"But we have our own spaceship!" said Ayeka.
Just then, Ryo-ohki appeared overhead.  Ryoko grabbed Ayeka and Tenchi and
phased them into the spaceship.
"How do I explain this to Kagato?" she wondered.  "Oh well, time enough to
worry about that later."
<Ryo-ohki! Head out!>
<Hai Mistress.>
"Just what is the meaning of this?" demanded Ayeka, "I ordered you to put us

back on planet Jurai!"
<Ryo-ohki.>
<Yes Mistress.>
<Blow up planet Jurai.  I don't want Kagato angry at us again.>
<Right away.>
"What are you doing now?!" asked Ayeka as she felt the ship's energy form
into a power wave that was soon released.
<Ryo-ohki found the ship of the person who attacked Jurai." lied Ryoko, "I
had her blow it up.  However, I think it took out Jurai, too."
"WHAT!" said Ayeka.
"It's too late now." said Ryoko.  "I'll have Ryo-ohki make a couple of guest

rooms for you two and I'll drop you off at the nearest port."
Ayeka was still boiling with rage, so Tenchi stepped forward.
"Arigato, Miss . . ."
"Call me Zero." said Ryoko.
"Arigato, Miss. Zero."
"Your welcome, Tenchi.  I will enjoy your company on this trip.  We haven't
had a boy here for awhile."
Tenchi stammered and Ayeka's face became even more red, if that was
physically possible.  However, any comment from Ayeka was stopped when
someone appeared in front of them.  Her hair was blue and done in a similar
style as Ayeka's.
"Tsunami." said Ryoko.
"Konnichi Wa, Zero-san."
"Who are you?" asked Ayeka.
"I am Zero's . . . friend." replied the Goddess.
"Oh." said Ayeka.
"So, you're worried about these two, hai Zero?" asked Tsunami.
"Hai." said Ryoko.
"You needn't fear for their safety.  I will ensure that Kagato never sets
eyes on either of them, even if they are right in front of him, until the
time is right."
"Arigato, Tsunami."
Tsunami smiled and vanished.
"What did she mean?" asked Ayeka.
"Umm. . .That's a good question.  Anyway, I'll have Ryo-ohki show you to
your
rooms and you can stay there until supper."
Before Ayeka or Tenchi could respond, Ryo-ohki had them in her newly-created

rooms.
Ryoko sighed.  She hoped Ayeka wouldn't press the subject at dinner.
