Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension
by Ryoko-Himesama
Chapter Four: Cat's Outta The Bag

Three Months passed and Ryoko still had to figure out how to drop Ayeka and
Tenchi off on a planet without making Kagato suspious.  She still didn't
know
why she hadn't just let Ayeka and Tenchi take their own ship off planet.
Actually, that was Tsunami's interference, but Ryoko didn't know that.
 Ayeka
and Tenchi still hadn't figured out anything else about her, but she knew
they were suspecting something.  She knew Kagato would be coming soon since
she had gone on a raid last night.  Of course, she had had to pick up a few
weapons so the royal pests didn't suspect her more.  Ryoko sighed and joined

her family for Sasami's special lunch.
        Mealtimes were quiet affairs for Minagi, Ayeka, and Ryoko.  All the
others talked amongest themselves and occasionally included the other three.

Today was no exception.  No one could suspect what was about to take place.
        In the middle of the meal, Ryoko suddenly dropped her chopsticks and

fell to the ground.  Everyone rushed to help her, but she screamed for them
to back away.  Minagi, understanding the situation, pushed everyone as far
away from her as possible.  Ryoko stood, her eyes glowing red and looked at
the surroundings.  An angery scowl crossed her face when she saw the table.

Reaching out, she yanked the tablecloth off and the food with it.
"What does she think she is doing!" demanded Ayeka.
Shortly afterwards, Ryoko's eyes returned to their normal color and she
collapsed unconcious.  Minagi ran over to her.
"What's wrong with her?" asked Tenchi worriedly.
"She'll be fine." said Minagi.
"W-was it K-Kagato?" asked Yugi.
"Hai." said Minagi sadly, "and he'll be here soon to "talk" with us."
Mayuka turned pale, Misao fainted, Sasami started to cry, and Yugi went into

hysterics.
Minagi turned her attention from her mother and worked toward calming her
siblings down.
"Who's Kagato?" asked Ayeka.
"We'll have to wait for explainations, now we have to calm them down!" said
Tenchi.
"STOP!" ordered Minagi. "Do you all have any idea what will happen if Kagato

comes and sees us like this?"
Sasami and Yugi stopped crying at once.
"Good." said Minagi.  "Now, Ryo-ohki, get water for Ryoko and Misao."
Out of nowhere, water dropped upon the unconcious duo and they were soon
awake.  Ryoko quickly phased into her fighting suit.  She was about to send
her girls for their own, and get rid of Ayeka and Tenchi, when Kagato
appeared.
         Ryoko stood directly before him and she quickly dropped into a
kneeling position.  Sasami and the other children followed her example.
Ryoko was about to order Ayeka and Tenchi to kneel as well, when she
remember
that Kagato wouldn't see them.
"Ryoko, what is the meaning of this?" asked Kagato as he pointed to the
table.
"It's lunchtime, Master."
"You and I both know very well that no one living on this spaceship needs
food!  You were wasting time that could have been spent training your girls
for their future!"
"Gomen, Master.  It will not happen again."
"I'll see that it doesn't.  Now, who cooked it?"
Sasami opened her mouth to speak, but Minagi got there first.
"I did, Master Kagato."
Kagato walked over to where Minagi kneeled and gave her a swift kick in the
face.
"NO!" said Ryoko. "It was my idea, leave Minagi alone!"
"Perhaps you would like the honors yourself?" asked Kagato.
Ryoko screamed and grabbed her head as she felt him taking over.

Five minutes later, Minagi lay on the ground.  She had been beaten within an

inch of her life.  Nearby was Ryoko.  Kagato had just left and the group was

still recovering from shock.  Ayeka and Tenchi hadn't had any time to react
to the event.  Soon, however, they ran forward and began working on Minagi's

wounds.
