Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension
Chapter Three: Family Dinner
by Ryoko-Himesama

        Since Sasami had shown herself to be an excellent chef on the trip
to Jurai, the rest of the family had elected her the permanent cook.  She
was
now in the kitchen, putting the finishing touches on that night's dinner.
Ryoko had mentioned that they would have two royal guests, so she was making

more classy dishes.  At that moment, Ryoko phased into the kitchen to check
on Sasami.
"How's supper coming?"
"Almost done." said Sasami cheerfully.
"Good, because from what Ryo-ohki tells me, Ayeka is throwing a royal fit in

her room."
Sasami laughed.  "Have the table set and everyone ready in about ten
minutes."
"Okay!" said Ryoko.
Ryoko phased out of the kitchen and back onto the bridge.

Ten minutes later . . .

Sasami, Ryoko, and her four children sat around the table waitng Ryo-ohki to

transport their two guests to the table.  Finally, the two appeared and
looked around confused.
"Who are all these people?" asked Ayeka.
"These are my children: Minagi, Mayuka, Sasami, Misao, and Yugi."
"NANI?" demanded Ayeka.  "How were able to get all your children to safety
before the attack?"
"Well, um . . . You see I kinda, um . . ."
"Yes?"
"We live on Ryo-ohki and we're always safe." said little Yugi.
"You live on a spaceship?" asked Ayeka.
"Yes we do." said Ryoko before Yugi could say anything else.  "You see, I
travel from place to place doing odd jobs and I bring them all with me."
"Can't you leave them at home with your husband?" asked Ayeka.
Ryoko choked on the piece of meat she was eating.  Mayuka quickly handed her

a glass of water while Minagi glared daggers at Ayeka.
"Oh, I'm sorry.  Did your husband die?"
"No." said Ryoko, "I'm not married and have never been."
"Then . . ."
"Anyway." said Minagi, "It's none of your concern."
Ayeka decided that she was treading on dangerous ground and silenced.
"So, what kind of jobs do you do?" asked Tenchi.
"I, um, test new weapons for my boss."
"What kinda of weapon were you testing on Jurai?"
"Actually I was going to pick one up to test elsewhere, but I never got the
chance."
"Oh, I see."
"So, I'll have to report back to my boss and soon."
"Oh, will we be meeting with him?" asked Tenchi innocently.
"You don't want to meet him." said Ryoko and she turned back to her supper,
hoping they would take the hint.  They did and the rest of the supper was
spent in silence.  That is until . . .
<Mistress, I sense Soja approaching.>
Ryoko practically jumped out of her chair, catching the attention of all the

others at the table.  After sending Ryo-ohki a hurried thanks, she declared.

"Supper is over."
"But we're not . . ." started Ayeka.
"But nothing.  My children and I have an important meeting to attend."
Ayeka looked ready to protest, but looks from Ryoko and Minagi stopped her
and soon she and Tenchi were transported to their respective rooms for the
night.  Once they were done, Ryoko and the others rushed around madly to
dispose of the food for neither Ryoko nor any of her children had to eat to
survive.  Therefore, they were more or less forbidden to do so.  Once the
table was gone, Ryoko sent her children to their rooms for their combat
outfits.

        Fifteen minutes later, the group stood on Ryo-ohki's bridge awaiting

Kagato's arrival.  All of them, even Sasami, were very much afraid because,
contrary to what Yugi said, they were not always safe.  Thus ended one
family
dinner of the Hakubi family and company
