Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension
Chapter Eight: Problem Children

        Ryoko didn't know if things could get any worse.  At had beem a year

since that day when she and Tenchi stopped lying to each other.  Now  more
was at risk and Ryoko was even more afraid for her, now larger, family.  She

smiled as she remembered the panic that came as a result of her
announcement.
 Of course, that was nothing compared to the reaction when the event had
actually taken place.
        Suddenly, a cry was heard beside her, followed by two more.  "Who
would have ever thought that my and Tenchi's first child would be a
triplet?"
 she said as the cries became more desperate.  "Mirei! Azagi! Hiwa! PLEASE
BE
QUIET!"
        All the crying in the room stopped, for five seconds.  Then it
became ten times worse then before.  Ryoko rushed around quickly in an
attempt to silence her youngest children.
Finally, in desperation, she gave up.
"MINAGI! AYEKA! MAYUKA! SASAMI! MISAO! YUGI! TENCHI! HELP ME!!!!!!!!"
The scrambling of feet outside her door indicated the leavetaking of seven
people.
"Oh No You Dont!" said Ryoko dangerously.
In five seconds, she proved her point and the rest of the group was at a
pile
at her feet.
"O-okay, Ryoko.  You win, We'll help." said Minagi.
Soon, all three had clean diapers.  Ayeka was giving Hiwa her bottle, Ryoko
had Mirei and Minagi was taking care of little Azagi.
Ryoko smiled.  She loved her new life, but one problem remained and it
caused
her more fear then anything could.  "As long as Tsunami protects us, my
family will be safe." she said.

Far Away . . .
Tsunami smiled.  She admitted she had played the matchmaker for Ryoko and
Tenchi, but all she had had to do was bring Tenchi to Ryoko at the right
moment.
"They're perfect for each other." said Washu as if reading her sister's
thoughts, and for Washu, that was a possibility.
"One problem remains." said Tsunami.
"Kagato." Washu growled.
"We'll take him down in time." said Tsunami.  "These children combined with
the powers of their parents, 1/2 sisters, Sasami, and our own will seal his
fate."
"But until they grow up, my little Ryoko must suffer!" said Washu.
"Ryoko can take it, she's tough." said Tsunami, "I wonder what would happen
if I told her I was her aunt and you were her mother."
"She'd probably blow something up." said Washu.

Author's Notes: So what if it's short?
