Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension
Chapter Seven: Tenchi and Ryoko

"Minagi and Tsunami may know about it, but I doubt neither realize the
hopelessness or the situation." thought Ryoko.  "What am I supposed to do?"

Tenchi had confessed his love for her and she had told him that she needed
time to think.  Ryoko decided to weigh the pros and cons of saying yes.
"Ayeka will never speak to me again, Tenchi and she could be discovered by
Kagato and possilbly die.  On the other hand, one of my two dreams could
come
true and, No!  I will not endanger Tenchi!"
"I can take care of myself, Ryoko." said Tenchi.
"Tenchi! How did you get here?"
"Tsunami brought me."
"Oh."
There was silence for a few minutes.  Finally, Ryoko said "I'd better go."
"WAIT!"  said Tenchi.
Ryoko looked back at him expectedly.  "Yes Tenchi?"
"Ryoko, please. . ."
Silence took over again.  Ryoko looked like she was doing battle with her
emotions.  Finally, she nodded.
Tenchi smiled amd they kissed.

Meanwhile, Minagi closed the door and led her sisters away.
"Well, those two finally got together." said Minagi with a smile on her
face.
"So, who's gonna break the news to Ayeka?" asked Mayuka.
Minagi looked faint, Misao and Sasami turned pale, and even at her young
age,
Yugi looked worried.
"I have to go . . .cook dinner." said Sasami even though it was only three
o'clock.
"I'll help!" said Yugi and Misao quickly.
"Count me in!" said Mayuka
"Um . . .guys." said Minagi.
She pointed behind her sisters.  They turned around to face. . . "AYEKA!!"
They yelled at once.  The girls scattered in different directions (at light
speeds), screaming all the way.
Ayeka stared after them.  "What did I do?"  she asked.
Suddenly, her face turned angry.
"They're HIDING FROM ME!"
Ayeka quickly rushed off in the direction of Minagi.

"I WON"T SAY A WORD!" said Minagi even though Ayeka had her cornered.
"Just spit it out!" said Ayeka with a dangerous look in her eyes.
"Okay! I'll tell you everything." said Minagi and she proceded to tell the
whole story in one sentence, one LONG and mumbled sentence.
"Oh." said Ayeka. "Is that all?"
"IS THAT ALL?"
"I knew it was going to happen sooner or later." said Ayeka
"You DID?" said Minagi.
"Yes.  Why do you look so surprised."
"Does this mean I'm off the hook?"
"Not if you think you can keep secrets from me."
Once again, Ayeka got an angry look on her face and Minagi decided to run
for
the hills, or just her life.
