Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension

Chapter Six: I.Q.

The Ryo-ohki was floating harmlessly through space when it hit another
spaceship.  Actually, it wasn't Ryoko's fault that the owner of the other
spaceship was too distracted to notice the red light.

On Ryo-ohki, Ryoko turned on the communication link to "talk" with the idiot

who had hit her spaceship.  A girl with wavy blonde hair appeared on the Com

line.  Then, Ryoko noticed that she was wearing a GP uniform.
"Hello, I'm sorry that I hit your spaceship." said the girl.
Ryoko frowned.  This girl must know who she was and was trying to delay her
while the cops came!
<Ryo-ohki! Open fire!>

Meanwhile,on Yukanjojo
"Mihoushi!  That spaceship is firing at us!"
"Oh.  Can we arrest them for that?"
"Yes you can!" screamed Yukanjojo, "It's called attacking an officer!  Now
we
must return fire."
"Um, okay.  Return fire."

"I didn't see this coming." said Washu as she watched the battle.
"This girl, Mihoshi, is one that not even we Goddesses can't predict.  It's
mind-boggling actually." said Tsunami.
"What should we do?" asked Washu.
"We can't let Ryoko get arrested." said Tsunami "and Mihoshi might just be
lucky enough to do that.  We'll have to intervine.  You keep Mihoushi busy
while I help Ryoko make her getaway."
"Okay!" said Washu as she phased onto the Yukanojo.  Tsunami soon appeared
on
the Ryo-ohki.

On Yukanjojo . . .
"Who are you?" asked Mihoushi.
"I am the greatest scientific genius in the universe!  I am also one of the
three Goddesses, Lady Washu, and the mother of the girl you are attacking!
But you can call me Little Washu!"
"Since you're the mother of a criminal, can I arrest you too?"
"YOU CANNOT ARREST A GODDESS!"
"Why not?"

One hour later . . .
"So, do you understand?"
"Well . . . no, I don't get it at all."
Washu collapsed to the ground, covered with sweatdrops.  Then, she had an
idea, something that would keep Mihoushi busy for all eternity!"
"Here." said Washu as she handed Mihoushi a wooden cube. On each side a
shape
was missing (a square, a cylindar, a triangle, etc.) Then, Washu handed
Mihoushi objects that looked exactly like the pieces missing from the cube.

"See if you can figure this out for me."  Washu quickly vanished, deciding
she had accomplished her mission.
"Where have you been?" asked Tsunami, "I've been waiting for you to come
back
for 45 minutes.  I was just about to come after you."
"I was, uh, teaching science." said Washu.
"Oh, okay." said Tsunami, deciding that she didn't want to know.

Author's Note: It's short, I know, but I wanted to add a little comedy to
the
story.
