Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension
by Ryoko-Himesama
Chapter One: Meeting the Family

Ryoko laid Sasami down on a bed she had pulled from Ryo-ohki's files.  The
child stirred and opened her eyes.
"Mother?" questioned Sasami.
"No, Sasami-Chan.  I am not your mother." said Ryoko.
"Then, who are you?" asked Sasami with curiosity.
"I am yout mother's friend.  She is going on trip for awhile and she asked
the Goddess Tsunami to send someone to watch out for you.  Tsunami chose
me."
"Oh.  Thank you."
"Of course, Sasami-chan.  Now you must listen to me.  You must call me
mother
because someone here can't know that you're not my daughter.  Understand?"
"Hai, mother."
Ryoko smiled.  "Good girl.  Now I want you to meet some people."
<Ryo-ohki, send them here.>
<Hai Mistress>
A sphere of light appeared behind her.  It faded away, leaving four girls
standing there.  The oldest had spikey cyan hair and yellow eyes and
appeared
17.  The next one looked about 15 with midnight blue, shoulder-length hair
in
pigtails.  Then came a 10 year old with black hair and green eyes.  Finally,

the youngest had blonde hair streaming down her back.
"Minagi! Mayuka! Misao! Yugi!" exclaimed Ryoko.  "Do you remember your
sister, Sasami?"
All four of the girls nodded and Ryoko silently cheered Ryo-ohki for putting

memories of Sasami into their minds.  It would definetly make things easier.

The girls asked Sasami if she was feeling okay.  Ryoko smiled at her
children
and at the newest member of her family, when Ryo-ohki interupted her.
<Mistress, Soja is nearing.>
<Thank you, Ryo-ohki.>
"Children!  You must hurry and get ready.  Kagato will be coming soon."
All the children, save Sasami, instantly shed their happy faces for
terrified
looks.  Yugi and Misao began to cry, Mayuka whimpered, and Minagi looked up
in fear.  In five seconds, they were all racing for their respective rooms
to
prepare for Kagato's arrival.
        Ryoko sighed.  She never had had the heart to tell them that Kagato
was their father, but she guessed the Minagi and possibly Mayuka had already

put two and two together.
"Who's Kagato?" asked little Sasami.
Ryoko blinked and was at a loss for words.  Finally, she stammered "O-Oh
It's
nothing, Sasami-chan.  Just remember that when he gets here, do not do
ANYTHING unless he or I tell you to and his word comes before mine."
"H-Hai Mother." said Sasami in a scared voice.
"I suppose I'll have to get a room for you." said Ryoko.
<Ryo-ohki! Prepare a room for Sasami and get her something decent to wear.>
<Hai Mistress>
<And QUICKLY>
<Hai Mistess.>
Sasami vanished in as Ryo-ohki hurried to prepare her for the inevitable.

Ryoko stood on Ryo-ohki's bridge.  The five girls formed a line behind her.

Suddenly, a red light appeared on Ryo-ohki and Kagato emerged from it before

it vanished.  Ryoko bowed before him.  Behind her all the girls followed her

example.  Kagato smirked.
"Did you retrieve the item, Ryoko?" he asked.
"Hai master."
"Give it here."
Ryoko pulled a silver egyptian-style necklace from out of nowhere.  She
handed it to Kagato.  He looked at it and it vanished.
"Now Ryoko, I am surprised to see that the planet remains."
"There is no one left alive on it, it is meanless to destory it."
Kagato hand shot to Ryoko's cheek hard and she was thrown completely to the
floor.  From behind, Sasami gasped.
"I will not tolerate this from you, a defective machine I wasted good time
creating."
"Hai master."
Kagato's smirk turned more deadly.
"I choose to tolerate the existance of all of you because when I come to
rule
this world, I'll need a fighting force I can control.  Ryoko, you are the
weapon I will use to achieve my goals.  When that is done, you will be
disposed of at once.  Minagi, I plan to use you as my top, since I have no
alternatives, fighter.  How can I do that if your fighing skills are so
lacking?"
Kagato slapped Ryoko again, harder then before.
"Useless Ryoko.  You will train these girls to their deathbeds if that is
what it takes, but have them ready to face me when I return.  You shall do
this on the way to the planet I have programed into Ryo-ohki memory banks."
Kagato kicked the helpless Ryoko in the face for good measure before he
disappeared.
