Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension

Prolouge: Sasami

A woman ran through the woods, dragging her seven year old daughter behind
her.  In the direction from which they had come, explosions could be heard
and smoke filled the sky.  Blood dripped from an open wound on the woman's
shoulder, but she ignored it.  If she had stopped to care for it, precious
time would be lost and she would alarm her daughter.  It would do no good
anyway.  For the woman called Acheka, was dying.
"How much farther?" asked the girl.
"Just a little bit more, Sasami.  You're doing good.  We'll be prepared if
someone actually attacks the planet."
Acheka hated lying to her little girl, but she had no choice at the moment.

Sasami would never agree if she knew the truth.
"There it is!" called Sasami.
Acheka looked up.  Indeed, they had arrived at the Temple of Tsunami.
 Acheka
pulled open the door and ran in.  Acheka fumbled in one of her pockets and
pulled out a tiny vidal.
"Here, darling, drink this." said Acheka.
Sasami took it and gulped the whole thing at once.  A few minutes later,
Sasami was fast asleep.  Acheka laid her on the altar of Tsunami.  She
kneeled down and begged Tsunami to grant protect to her daughter.  It was
here that Acheka died.

Meanwhile, high above, Tsunami heard the unselfish prayer of Acheka.  She
made a quick decision.  She would protect Sasami and find someone approriate

to raise her.  Tsunami knew of the perfect person to fill this position, but

that would have to wait until Tsunami could lure her to the temple.  Until
then, Tsunami put Sasami under a sleeping spell.

Morning came and anyone looking around could get a good idea of the amount
of
damage that had been done.  Of course, no one was left alive save two.  What

had once been a beautiful planet was now nothing but a pile of rubble.  The
only structure left standing was Tsunami's Great Temple and only because
Tsunami had shielded it from the eyes of the attacker.  Laying on a slab of
stone that used to be the great palace, was one survivor.  Actually, she was

the cause of the destruction.  She stood and brushed some cyan hair from her

face.  Her name was Ryoko and she was a most feared space pirate.
"Have I been asleep all night?" asked Ryoko.  She looked around at the
destruction as if seeing it for the first time.  Like always, she had driven

it from her mind.  She never wanted to remember what she did under Kagato's
control.  Ryoko closed her eyes and concentrated.  The gem on her wrist
glowed and soon, Ryo-ohki appeared to retrieve her.  Ryoko was about to give

the command to bring her on board, when Ryo-ohki sent her a message.
<Mistress, I sense one human life form.>
<Nani? Kagato must be getting careless.  Where is it?>
<About a mile North.>
<Take me there.>
<Hai, Mistress.>
Ryo-ohki flew her to the place and Ryoko looked around.
"A temple?" she wondered.
She walked inside and immediately saw the body of Acheka.  Ryoko frowned,
but
looked past her for she was used to such a sight.
Laying on the altar, was a little girl.  She was seven or eight years old
and
had long blue hair in two pigtails.  Ryoko approached the altar when a woman

appeared in front of her.
"Hello, Ryoko." said the woman
"Who are you?" asked Ryoko.
"I am called Tsunami.  I am the Goddess that this woman prayed to in order
to
save her daughter, Sasami.  I have decided that you will raise her."
"Me? but I am hardly in a situation. . ."
"I know of your troubles, Ryoko, and if you do this I will grant you not
instant, but eventual, happiness.  I have the power to make Kagato believe
that Sasami is his own daughter."
"It really would be better if you waited until someone else came to take
her." Ryoko said.
"Ryoko.  I want YOU to do this.  You owe her.  By your hand, Sasami's mother

Acheka lays dead."
Ryoko felt guilt overtake her and she knew Tsunami had won.
"Okay."
"Arigato, Ryoko-san.  Take good care of Sasami-chan.  I'll be watching."
Tsunami vanished.  Ryoko reached out and picked Sasami up.  She turned to
leave, then noticed a carved wooden object, almost like a pistol handle,
with
a purple top sticking out of one of Acheka's pockets.
'It looks valuable." thought Ryoko, "It would be nice to give Sasami
something that belong to her mother.
Ryoko bent down and grabbed the object.  Then she carried Sasami out of the
temple.  Ryo-ohki shot a beam of light down at them and soon they were at
the
bridge of the ship.
