Author's Notes: I just had to write this!  I hope you enjoy it.  Send me you

opinon ( Good or bad) on this story, and my other stories (In the Mind of a
Pirate (regular section at the Tenchi Muyo Fanfic Archive) and Mirei
Okaa-san
 (Misc section of the same place)) Enjoy!
Disclaimer: I own NONE of these characters, so none sue me or anything,
okay?

The Truth That Lays Hidden
Another Tenchi Dimension
Chapter Five: Explanations

Ryoko came to and looked around.  She was laying on the bridge of Ryo-ohki.

Ayeka, Tenchi, Sasami, and all her children minus Minagi were around her.
"Minagi . . ." she thought.
"Oh No! Where's Minagi?" she cried.
Mayuka frowned. "She was pretty beaten up, we had Ryo-ohki put her in a
healing crystal."
"I demand an emplanation for all this, Miss Zero or should I say Ryoko."
said
Ayeka.
Ryoko sighed and sat up.
"You see, Princess, it was no coincedence that I, the imfamous space pirate
Ryoko, was on your planet that day."
"What do you mean by that?" asked Ayeka.
"Mayuka, why don't you take your sisters and go somewhere else?" said Ryoko
in a tone that implied an order.  Mayuka nodded and pulled Sasami, Misao,
and
Yugi away.
Once they were gone, Ryoko began again.  "You see, it all started centuries
ago.  I was created by Lord Kagato to serve him.  He sent me, and still
does,
from place to place to steal items for him.  Since he created me, Kagato has

the power to control me using these three gems that I have had as long as I
can remember."
Ryoko showed her two gems on her wrists and a third on her neck, then
continued.  "In the beginning, It wasn't so bad.  Then eventually, he took
to
beating me regularly, so I ran away.  He caught up to me and . . ." Ryoko
face grew dark.  "He made sure that I would never leave him.  After that,
Minagi was born.  Then Mayuka, Misao, and finally Yugi."
"What about Sasami?" asked Ayeka curiously.
"Sasami's far too innocent and naiive to have been raised in this
environment.  She came to me after a raid on a planet.  Somehow, her mother
was able to get her into a Temple of Tsunami before or during the attack.  I

was under Kagato's control at that time and Tsunami hid them from him.
However, the mother died sometime after that.  When I regained control,
Ryo-ohki told me that there was one life form left and I went to
investigate.
 Tsunami more or less ordered me to take her.  Then she tricked Kagato into
believing that Sasami is his daughter, like my other girls.  When I found
you, Tsunami made it so Kagato would never set eyes on you "even if you are
right in front of him, until the time is right."
"That's horrible!" said Tenchi, "I'll help you and your children escape."
"No." said Ryoko, "This is my problem and I don't need you two involved.
Since you've already seen Kagato in action, I don't have to worry about you
finding out.  Now, however, I can't let you go since I know you'll blab what

I just told you and then Kagato will find out about you and Sasami.  So,
make
yourselves comfortable.  You'll be here awhile."
"Wait!" said Tenchi as he saw Ryoko phasing out.
"If you say anything to Sasami or my girls about this, I'll . . .anyway, I
have a daughter to visit.

Ryoko phased in front of the crystal that Minagi was healing in.  She sat in

front of it and began to cry.  Even after seeing first hand what she could
do
under Kagato, Tenchi was willing to jump up and help her.  If only . . .
"Enough wishful thinking, Ryoko.  He's engaged and you're not free either."
"Nothing is impossible." said a voice.
Ryoko looked up.  "Tsunami." she said.
"Yes, I have come to help Minagi."
Tsunami floated up to the crystal and passed through it until her forehead
was touching Minagi's.  A bright light flashed and Tsunami flew back down.
From within the crystal, Minagi opened her eyes.  All her wounds seemed to
be
gone.  Ryoko just stared.  The crystal evaporated and Minagi flew down and
stood on the ground.
"Mother, I could hear everything through the crystal." said Minagi, "You're
in love with Tenchi."
"I am not!" said Ryoko.
"But you are." said Tsunami, "Do not deny your feelings in front of me,
Ryoko.  I can see the future."
"What do you mean by THAT?" asked Ryoko.
"You'll see." said Tsunami.
Tsunami vanished, leaving Ryoko furious and Minagi giggling.

Tsunami reappeared in a plane that no mortal had ever seen.  In front of
her,
was a red-haired twelve year old (looking) girl.
"So, what do you think?" asked the red-head.
"You daughter is indeed interesting, Washu.  However, It is time we procede
to the next step of our plan to rid the universe of Kagato."
"You're right, of course.  We have to gather a fighting force strong enough
to defeat him.  Isn't it ironic that it will consist of those loyal to one
he
calls useless?"
"Indeed it is.  However, the force cannot be completed until Ryoko and
Tenchi
confess their love."
"And at least four years after that."
"Correct.  We only have to wait."
