Tenchi:<Im trapped in thoughts of who I should choose, the girls are all in
love with me. I love every one of them as a sister, except her. The beauty
who hunts me only in my finest dreams. Her name be .....

                                    Oh!

                                 Episode 1
                         No need for a new visitor!

Tenchi awoke to yells of the two furious alien women. Screaming and Yelling
at eachother from downstairs Tenchi heard their yells and their energy
blasts. He just sighed as if it has happened everyday.

Ryoko:*Head poped threw Tenchi's wall and scanned the room for Tenchi*
Tenchi! *Arms float into the wall and hug Tenchi*

Tenchi:Good morning Ryoko.

Ryoko:Good morni..Ahh! (Ryoko's hair was pulled by Ayeaka making Ryoko float
out of the wall into the hall)

Ayeaka:Ryoko! You need to learn that Lord Tenchi needs privacy!

Ryoko:Errr Let me go Princess Pissy Pants!

Tenchi:*Walked into the hall* Ayeaka, Ryoko. Said Tenchi stirmly.

Ayeaka:Yes Lord Tenchi?

Tenchi:Remember are agreement? Every year on this day... The day we met you
would not fight!!

Ayeaka:Very well said Ayeaka crossing her hands.

Ryoko:OK Tenchi. *Disapeers and reapeers in the kitchen*

Tenchi and Ayeaka walked down the stairs to the breakfast table

Sasami:Good morning Tenchi!

Tenchi:Good morning Sasami.

Kiyone:*runs by the table trying to fix her hat picks up the juice and runs
out to Yagami* BYE!! She said turning around running backwards.

Mihoshi:Wait for me Kiyone!! *Runs to the table grabs her juice and runs out
to Yagami.* Bye! Everyone said Mihoshi trying to turn around and run
backwards but triped and fell.

Washu:*Walks out of the lab and sits down*

Sasami:Your going to eat today Washu?

Washu:I might be an adult genius who doesnt eat alot on the inside but...
*Puts both index fingers on cheeks* On the outside im a 12 year old smartest
scientific genius in the universe! The cutest too!

Sasami:*Giggles and then passes Washu a plate and some food*

Ayeaka:*Sits down in her usauall seat and sips her tea*

Tenchi:Theese are great pancakes Sasami. Said Tenchi with a full mouth.

Ryoko:Yeah their great! Said Ryoko sticking all five in her mouth.

Sasami:Thank you.

Ayeaka:*Sips her tea and closes her eyes then reopens them* Are we doing
anything for the aniversery?

Washu:I thought we could have a party?

Sasami:Oh wow! Please Tenchi? Can we?

All the girls exept Ryoko joined Sasami in a big PLEEEEAAAASEEE? And a puppy
face.

Ryoko:*Disapeers and then reapeers rubbing Tenchi's chest with her index
finger* Yeah Tenchi. It should be fun.

Tenchi:*Sigh* Ok everyone. We'll have a party at 7 tonight, but for now I
have to go work at the shrine.

Ryoko:Ok!

At the shrine

Tenchi:*Sweeps the steps and sighs* Everyday it's the same thing. Work at
the shrine and then to the fields. Huh? *Tenchi's attention turned to a
young lady aproaching him. She has a slender figure and stands at
half-a-head shorter to Tenchi in height. She has a pair of sparkling dark
green eyes (emerald green) and shinny black hair whose hair-style closely
resembles to that of Aeka (without the two ponytails). Her skin is pale
white in color.... Her name was Sakuya

Sakuya:Hi there! Im Sakuya. *Smiles*

Tenchi:*Puts his arm on the top of the broom and uses the other one to Shake
Sakuya's hand* Hi im Tenchi. Can I help you?

Sakuya:I came here from Tokyo on vacation and I was looking for a place to
stay, do you know any places?

Tenchi:Well there arent many hotels around her, but we have a extra room.
You could stay here a while (Tenchi is NOT atracted to her. He is being
nice!)

Sakuya:*Smiles again and closes her eyes* Ok! Thank you!

Tenchi:Follow me. *Puts the broom down and begins to walk to his house*

Sakuya:Do you have a bath I could use?

Tenchi:A bath?! I have a heated lake practicly! Thw onsen

This made Sakuya laugh.

In the house

Tenchi and Sakuya walked into the house

Ryoko:*Disapeers and Reapeers around Tenchi* Tenchi!! I missed you.

Tenchi:Hi Ryoko, I was only gone 15 mins.

Sakuya:Mm hmm. Hello there im Sakuya.

Ryoko:Hello im Ryoko.

Tenchi:Sakuya will be staying here a while

Ayeaka:*Walks over and shakes Sakuya's hand* Hello, Im Ayeaka.

Tenchi saw the hatred in the girls eyes. I mean who wouldent hate another
girl when their already competeing with five for a mans heart

Sakuya:*turns to Tenchi* Where the onsen?

Ryoko:Oh the onsen! I forgot i turned the water on hot. Im gonna go take a
bath.

Ayeaka:Me also! (Ryoko Ayeaka Washu and Sakuya went off to thw onsen.
In the onsen

Sakuya:Haaa. This is warm!

Washu:It sure is! And im the creator!

Sakuya:*Stands up* You are?! a 12 year old made a HUGE hot tub? You must be
extremely smart. Can you teach me some things sometime?

Washu:Well 1, im 20,000 years old. 2 my name is Washu. 3 i am the most
smartest scientific genius in the universe. And 4 of course I will!

Sakuya:Wow!

Ayeaka:Well if you think thats intresting, im Princess Ayeaka from planet
Jurai.

Sakuya:Wow! *Turns to Ryoko* And what are you?

Ryoko:Tenchi's love Ryoko muttered so nobody could hear and then she looked
up. Im Ryoko the most wanted space pirate in the universe. I shoot energy
balls and Kill people who get in my way.

Sakuya:Neat-o!

Ayeaka:<Ryoko must also see Sakuya as a person who is also attracted to
Tenchi.>

Sakuya:Are any of you married?

Ayeaka:Of course not.

Washu:I was.
Ryoko:Were all in love with Tenchi. In matter of fact today is everyones 3
year anniversery.

Sakuya:What?! Wow I like Tenchi too!

Everyone sweatdrops

Ryoko:We know that but..but...

Later

Tenchi:Wow Sakuya is really nice. But im not at all attracted to her. I hope
she doesnt feel anything for me because tonight im going to tell my love, I
love her.

A knock came to the door.

Ayeaka:Lord Tenchi? May we come in?

Tenchi:It's opened Miss Ayeaka

The door opened to reveal Ayeaka in a beautiful Maroon dress with spaghetti
staps. It also had a slit where her left leg was. Also there was Ryoko with
her hair tied back in a bage dress that dropped in the front. It tied and it
also had a slit in the back that went upto her @**.

Tenchi:*Looks amazed at the two beautiful ladies who came and each sat on
one side of him*

Ayeaka:Tenchi we just wanted to know...

Ryoko:Yeah only if..

Ayeaka:Are

Ryoko:You

Ayeaka:Attracted

Ryoko:To Sakuya?

Tenchi:*Gave a weak smile* No, in matter of fact Im going to tell the person
I love that I love her. Tonight.

Ryoko:*Sigh* Very well Tenchi. See you in a while. *Walked out of his room
but first looked over and gave him a sexy wink and then walked off
giggleing*

Tenchi:*Laughs and then turns his head to Ayeaka who put her middle and
index figers on his chin and moved his head gently toward her*

Ayeaka:Tenchi, I speak for all of us. You do not have to choose tonight. And
with this Ayeala walked out of his room.

Tenchi:*:Looks down* But none of you, not even Sakuya will be disapointed
with my choice

Downstairs

Noboyuki walked in and handed Tenchi a small black box.

Tenchi:Thank you. *Placed the box where Sakuya will sit

Now on the table at each of the girls spots were little black boxes. All of
the girls rushed in and sat down

Ryoko:Tenchi, why do we all have black boxes?

Sakuya:Is this a custom here?

Tenchi:Everyone, today you will know who I want to spend the rest of my lefe
with. But first the party. Who wants to do Kareoke?

Everyones hands shot up.

Tenchi:Ok Ryoko you can go first. *Handed her the mike.

Ryoko:Who's songs are we singing this time?

Tenchi:Jewel

Ryoko:Ok I am going to sing Angel Standing By

All through th night all be standing over you...

Tenchi:<She is a very beautiful women. She would be a great mom also.>

Ayeaka:<Tenchi what are you doing? Please tell me you are not going to make
us leave after you chose her. (I do know who)> Thought Ayeaka

Ryoko:Im finished.

Sakuya:May I go?

Ryoko:*Hands Sakuya the mike*

Sakuya:Im singing You were meant for me
I here the clock, it's 6 am.
I feel so far from where Ive been
Got my eggs my pancakes too

Tenchi:<She also would make a great wife.>

Sakuya:Dreams last so long
Even after your gone
I know you love me
and soon you will see
You were meant for me
and I was meant for you

Mihoshi:Well anyone else want to sing? Nobody awnsered.

Tenchi:Ok we can eat now

Sasami:*Brings out dinner* Here you go Tenchi.

Tenchi:*Stands up* Everyone, after alot of thinking I have chosen
Everyone put on exited faces

Tenchi:Open your boxes

Everyone opened their boxes to find matching diamond rings

Ayeaka:*Looks puzzeled* Tenchi please explain yourself
Tenchi:Ayeaka, I am of Jurai royal blood. Well grandpa told ,e that that
means I can marry as few or as many women I want at the same time.

Ayeaka:Oh my! Your right.

Ryoko:So your marrying all of us?

Tenchi:Yes. I am.

To be continued...

Ok ok, I know this isnt the best but it is a start to my Own Tenchi Muyo
series. "Tenchi's marriage adventures"

Disclaimer:I do NOT Own any of the Tenchi Muyo charecters and I do not claim
them.
