   Episode 2:
   No need for a Wedding

Sakuya:Are you sure you want me to... Marry you?

Tenchi:I've known you 1 day, but you have known me all my life.

Sakuya:Yes I have.

Ayeaka:Oh Tenchi! I love you so much!

Tenchi:Hugs all of the girls

Kiyone:Tenchi, were sorry but me and Mihoshi are going to be gone. A year.
We cannot marry you.

Tenchi:*Looks down*  Ok. Well the offer will still stand when you come back.

Washu:*Looks at her daughter who looks so happy in his arms* Tenchi, it
would not be right for me and Ryoko to be married to you. So ill wait for
another time.

Ryoko:<Mom?>

Washu:<Shhh not now my child>

Ryoko:*Smiles* SO that Leaves me, Ayeaka, Sasami, And Sakuya.

Sasami:I cant marry you Tenchi. Im sorry. Im to young.

Tenchi:Wow, I thought this would never happen. Ok then. *Puts the rings on
Sakuya, Ryoko, and Ayeaka's fingers, and puts the rest of the rings on
necklaces for the other girls that he loved.

Sasami:But as soon as me and Tsunami merge, Tenchi I will vow to you my
love.

Everyone begun to laugh

Tenchi:Ok. *Turns to his 3 soon to be wifes and smiles*

Next morning

Mihoshi and Kiyone said their goodbyes and went to GP space courters.
Sakuya, Sasami, and Ryoko sat in the onsen while Ayeaka and Tenchi had a
talk.

Ayeaka:Ayeaka wore her pink and purple Kimono and her hair was pulled back
like Achika's used to be.
Tenchi, my love.

Tenchi:Yes Ayeaka?

Ayeaka:I love you and want nothing more then to be with you.

Tenchi:Me you, Ryoko and Sakuya will be together forever tomarrow at are
wedding.

Ayeaka:*Falls into his arms crying.* I love you Tenchi and I always will.

In the onsen

Sakuya:Ryoko, do you hate me?

Ryoko:*Looks up* No Sakuya, Im already sharing Tenchi with Ayeaka, so it
doesnt matter.

Sakuya:Great!

Sasami:This is neat.

Tenchi and Ayeaka walked in to find everyone there in the onsen

Ryoko:Hi Tenchi.

Tenchi:Hi everyone.

Ayeaka:Ryoko, Sakuya we need to go buy are dresses.

Sakuya:Ok!

Ryoko:*Floats up and refashionises into her blue and gold dress.

Sakuya:*Chages*

Sasami:*Looks down*

Ryoko:*Smiles/frowns and apears infront of Sasami* Hey squirt.

Sasami:Hi Ryoko...

Ryoko:Well your not going to wear your bathing suit as a flower girl dress
are you?

Sasami:No! *Hops up and chages*

At the store

Sakuya, Ryoko, and Ayeaka walked out wearing the same dress. <It was a light
bage it was NOT puffy in was slimming to their bodies. It had slits where
both the legs were. It had a deep drop in the front. They also wore peach
vails that had shimmering diamonds everywhere>

Sasami:I like that one!

Sakuya:Me too. This one is really comfortable.

Ayeaka:Yes and it makes us all look very slim.

Ryoko:It also shows all my good points.

Sasami:Lets buy it!

Ryoko:It matches your too!

They all bought the dresses and headed home

Ayeaka:So Sasami, did you have fun?

Sasami:I sure did!

At the house

Tenchi:Hello my 3 beautiful girls and girl to be.

Sasami:*giggles* Im going to make dinner.

Washu:*Walks out* Well hello!

Ayeaka:Hello Washi-chan.

Washu:I have made all of you something.

Sakuya:Really?! What is it?

Washu:*Pushes a button and on each of the girls right wrists electric
braclet came. They were made with bolts that danced upon their wrists* There
you go

Ryoko:Thank you..Mom.

Washu:Your welcome little Ryoko.

Ayeaka:They are beautiful Washu-ch...Little Washu.

Sakuya:You truely are the most scientific genius in the world.

Washu:I wish you the best of luck. And with this She walked back to her
lab...smileing

Tenchi:*Kisses each of the three girls and then walks to the dinner table*

Sasami:Here is your rice Tenchi. *Hands him the bowl and then makes everyone
elses plates*

Ryoko:*Hugs Tenchi and then disapeers after dinner*

The big day

The four girls scrammed around the room getting ready for everything

Everyone exept Sasami did their hair like Sakuya (EVEN RYOKO!)

Sasami:Wow! I look alot like Achika with my hair like this.'

Washu:*Runs in* You all!!! It's time come on!

Ryoko:What?! holy crap!

everyone ran to the walk and then began walking slowly.

First Sasami

Then Ryoko, Sakuya, and Ayeaka.

Tenchi:<Im so happy this worked out>

After the wedding the girls and Tenchi went to their hunny moon in
Austraila! Leaving Sasami with Washu and Ryo-oki.

Ryoko:Were here!

Everyone ran out of the bus.

Sakuya:It is beautiful here!!

Ayeaka:Magnificent!

Tenchi:*Puts his arms around the three girls* Yes it is.

To be contiued

Ok this is so much worse then my first one but I promise the nect one will
be beter!

Next Episode: Hello Im Sasami! On the next episode we see Tenchi and the
others on their hunny moon! But strange things happen and we come to visit!
There will also be some romance! Ewww On the next episode!
"No need for a strange hunny moon!"

Disclaimer:I do NOT own the Tenchi Muyo charectors and I do NOT claim them!
