(Part Eleven - Battle Command)

"TSUNAMI!!!!!!!" was my first response after the attack.
My second was impulsive, but swift; I asked for Azusa's help
It was then that I got a new surprise,  Ayeka had noticed a sigil on my 
forehead
The pattern was of a four point star with a ring in it, and it signaled 
my legitimacy as a blood Jurai power. apparently a result from my 
emotional state..

Course, to my credit; I had other things in focus, and again 
commandeered the Tsunami Warship, and located to the scene of action; 
Tohkimi and Gaia in tow...
Then I saw the "fleet" I had picked up, the Yagami, Ryo-Oki in 
spacecraft form, and the three Jurai Warships that had arrived: Azusa's, 
Funaho's, and Misaki's in turn.
I was then informed of the history of Kagato (Both of them. shocking. 
the Kagato of the Jurai scenario was a clone, the first one a shadow) 
..I saw a pattern of a madman.. like you didn't see that one coming!!
We were joined by a large Jurai escort Fleet, one that had escorted the 
Emperor's Treeship

We had joined together on the Tsunami "bridge" when a signal from one of 
the Fleet scouts spotted a huge ship...
Washu was the first one to gasp, the rest soon after. the Soja was 
somehow rebuilt, or at least a copy of the original. not good..
It was then that a massive shock beam raced from the Soja, targeted at 
US!!
I immediately deployed the Lighthawk Shield, blunting the attack; and 
then. we returned the sentiment in kind.
The crushing response caught everyone off guard, as the Tsunami tore a 
massive gash into the right sectional hull grid... the  Jurai Fleet took 
advantage.
For the next few minutes, a heavy exchange of laser fire ended in a 
stalemate; we needed a quick plan.
But, crazy one came up instead; despite my protests.
Azusa would send his ship to create a "lure"; then the Jurai Fleet would 
"pretend to rescue it, while Tenchi, I, Ayeka, Misaki, Reoko, Tokimi, 
and Washu would slip in from the Nadir section of the Soja..

Crazy things is, it worked; probably a trap. but what the hey.
Azusa's Treeship paid the price though; if he made it out was uncertain 
at the time.
But we made into the lower bays of the Soja.. Man. what a ship!!!
And since Reoko and Ayeka had been through this all before, we then 
split up into two teams; after getting them both to clam down about 
WHICH team Tenchi was in, I just formed my own team, and left Tenchi to 
the girls..

Then the second phase of the plan initiated, as the Jurai Treeships 
engaged in mosquito type attacks, by us time for attention.. Funaho's 
cruiser took the fall this time.
It was while we were engaged in combat with remote drones that the 
Tsunami Treeship slammed a volley into the Soja; the power fluctuated, 
and the drones lost power long enough for us to move into the main 
chamber..
It was while we were in the main chamber, that Tokimi and I; noticed 
that Tenchi had arrived alone. where were Ayeka, Reoko, Misaki, and 
Washu!?!?!?!?!
Then Tokimi looked down, and realized the trap.. They were trapped in 
the other dimension of the Soja's "bottom" half...

This of course was the introduction that Kagato wanted, as he slammed 
Tokimi in a energy cage; Tokimi's attempts at escape were apparently 
painful..
And then Tenchi and I became the targets, and while Kagato went ranting 
about his "shadows" that had fooled everyone in the Jurai power sphere 
for centuries, Tenchi and I kept dodging attack of all kinds.
Then I diverted Kagato's attentions by inferring that his manhood was a 
shadow.  OUCH. I got slammed hard for that one, as It gave Tenchi the 
chance to find Tsunami and Bruinuae.
I then kept egging Kagato, but with the wrong result, Kagato fired a 
beam from the Soja, slamming the Yagami, as well as Misaki's Treeship.

Then I was the one to do the attacking, in a frenzy like state; not even 
caring for my person..
I used my Avatar Key Sword to telling effect, Kagato was starting to 
"cheat" in his attacks; using the entire ship's interior to attack me!!
I knew this couldn't last forever, as either I or Kagato would wear out 
from the strain of attacks.
It was then that I felt Tsunami's life force fill me in strength; Kagato 
sensed this; as a huge energy bolt from Kagato seared at Tsunami's held 
location near the HUGE organ of his.

Tenchi somehow blocked it with his Lighthawk powers, forming a shield 
with his Master Key..
Then.. I saw the whole room "change", and for the first time; felt the 
"Way" that the universe worked, in this case; Tenchi was the Shield of 
the Jurai Power; and. to my estimation of understanding. I was the Sword 
of the Jurai Power, as the Jurai currents spoke to us both..
I then understood a portion of why I had manifested my powers, my 
demeanor, my focus of training.. I could use the Jurai power in a way 
that was NOT normally used. in a purely offensive manner...
This all of course made Kagato chuckle in bemusement; not really taking 
all of this seriously..

I then saw Kagato slam Tenchi into the Organ, and then sent me flying 
into a colonnade.
The he turned his attentions to the other realm, and started siphoning 
the power away from Reoko. despite attempts by the others to prevent 
this.
And finally, he turned his gaze upon the Tsunami, like this was all some 
bad repeat. 
Then he did the unthinkable, Kagato "tapped", in a most heinous way. the 
power from Tsunami and Bruinuae, and then I felt the power signatures of  
Azusa, Misaki, Funaho, Yosho, Ayeka, Sasami, and Tenchi becoming 
siphoned as well.. Kagato was vamipracly sucking the life power out of 
the Royals through Tsunami and Bruinuae..

One small point.. Up to that point, I had assumed that the Jurai power 
was inside of me as well.. That the vision I just had was because I was 
Jurai too.
This was all contradicted when I didn't feel my power slipping. this of 
course had Kagato in a complete stupor.. Not that he stopped is 
"attack"..
I warned him one time to cease his transgression. the bolt I got in 
return was the last straw.
With the screams of my beloved's and friends in my ears, my body 
disappeared into a pillar of light, what came out was beyond 
imagination..

My pulsating form was too bright to be held in gaze. this of course had 
the first effect; the siphoning stopped, then the second effect.. Kagato 
turned full attentions to me, we joined battle in complete 
viciousness... with blades and bolts flying brazenly.. Retorts and 
slanders flying.
Then my "power" told me about Kagato's "anchor" to the dark realms, 
though the understanding was still beyond me..
I acted upon it anyway, striking a sunbeam version of a shadow blade 
through Kagato's head.

The physical damage was nil, but the damage to the dark power base of 
Kagato's was devastating; as he writhed away from the attack, but not 
allowing the dark "anchor" to regenerate; I seared off a huge "white" 
energy attack that completely reeled the dark "anchor" 
As Kagato staggered in complete disorientation, I unleashed a final 
beam; severing the link to the dark realm. forever... I didn't defeat 
the human. I defeated the curse...
As the gravity of what had happened sunk in, the realization that 
Kagato.. was "saved", not killed.. 

I had to take revelry inside of what I had just done, I didn't have to 
use my powers to kill..
And as everyone slowly teleported over to the Soja. even my trapped 
friends..
Kagato slowly regained clear thought.. And I, instinctively; gave a warm 
hand for Kagato.
A tense moment; then Kagato grasped the hand; and suddenly.. Enemies 
turned friends..

It wasn't till MUCH later, as we relaxed at the Tenchi residence; that I 
came to the acceptance, that I had something else, rather than Juraian 
in store for me. not with out extreme confusion of course.
This was finally acknowledged by Azusa, AND Yosho.. A little something 
held back due to circumstance.. I beheld little grudge. I had other 
problems.
As did the family as a whole..

The Tsunami Treeship apparently was the ONLY ship to survive the 
battle.. As inferred before, Azusa's, Misaki's, and Funaho's Treeships 
were destroyed; they were "stuck" with us.. For the time being!!!!!!! At 
least Misaki and Funaho took it all like Ayeka had done..
And.. Apparently.. I had inherited Bruinuae as a new consort.. Lets see 
now. Tsunami, Tokimi, Gaia, and finally Bruinuae... I needed sleeping 
pills that night.
Washu conveniently "helped" out by having a clone of the Misaki 
residence constructed.
And, finally; the guardians Assentu and Kamasian were joined by advanced 
versions of the Guardians Azaka and Kamadakye, talk about your OVERSIZED 
logs, they were double the size of the usual guardians...

And there you have it, The Royals and Kagato had "joined" the vacation. 
as Ayeka put it..
I had a new "problem" on my hands. Tenchi was no help in this.
I had a new mystery of soul searching to take-up upon.. One that had 
unimaginable consequences for the future. and finally, the Soja and the 
Tsunami were part of our entourage in orbit, Azusa adamantly refused to 
use the Soja for the trip back, hence the word "stuck". 
Eleven entries ago I was a lonely person, now; I was the focus of both 
deities and royalty.. And, to tell you the truth... I wouldn't have had 
it any other way.. Course, the story didn't stop there.. It was just 
beginning!!!!!

(End Part Eleven)

