(Part Sixteen - When You have to Oil the Gears)

Why... how... these two words assaulted my mind as it tried to comprehend the impossibility of the sight before it... 
Mom... Dad.... introduced to the rest as Terrai and Jeain, it was a good thing that no one else could sense my inner turmoil...
Torn between raptious joy, and angered betrayal....
All I could do was respond to Azusa's quisitiveness to my state... after about the sixth try....

Except one to notice my feelings... Tsunami.... of course... it wasn't the fact that I knew she could feel my mind...
It was the fact of when she walked past me... and greeted both by name... almost like she knew them as family....
My obvious question was returned with a long missed feeling... being hugged by my mother... I just held that feeling for a while... long after she let go...
Then my father spoke... the words hit like lead bricks...

Now... I'd like to make it know on the record, that my state of mind apparently left me back on Earth... because what my Father said made me feel like a lightning bolt hit.. one from a star itself....
I... was.... Juraian?!?
But... how... I.... how.... get the picture... gone like a comet in the stellar wind.....
There was apparently only one answer to this question... Tsunami took my hand... and led the way..... with my father and mother in tow.... the rest simply waited due to Azusa's request.... there was reason warranted.....

We went down a long hallway... as my father simply kept quiet... despite my probing... mother was more forthcoming... but not as much as I wished...
Tsunami wasn't much help either.... I presumed something major was in the air... for even my betrothed to keep reserved....
After a while, we reached a large set of dark cherrywood like doors, framed with thick gold linings and edgings... I felt raw power of the Jurai emanating... I didn't understand why...
Tsunami simply waved a hand... and the door opened...

My breath left me with the sight I saw... trees... hundreds of trees... no... THOUSANDS of trees... all on massive catwalk pedestals of pearlish white... with small blue circles near each one... two to each it seemed....
Tsunami welcomed me to the Alcove of the Generations... 
Each tree represented a family link in the Jurai royal family, apparently separated into trees by age... three generations it seemed... all linked together by the Jurai power... the power that Tsunami herself lent....
..my awe was incomprehensible.... as we passed many a tree through the teleport pads... I felt the emotions of many Juraians feed through the trees, I could actually feel the link from each one... I found it giddy inside, as I actually talked to each tree, and received a shower of lightthreads from each...

This went on for a while... I realized after a while that I was getting a special, private history lesson on the royal lineage, as well as on the state of how the trees evolved, I interjected my understanding with experience with the Ryu-ou-oh tree back on Earth... Ayeka's and Sasami's linked tree..
I didn't realize until we reached a rather intracate teleporter that we had gone VERY deep into the chasim of the alcove...
The last teleport shut my train of thought up quick.... the sight was why....
We reached the bottom... a simple pool of water, glistening off of a glowing white tree... it was Tsunami's home tree, the core of it all.... I dropped to my knees there and then....

Tsunami then floated over to the tree, and asked me to join her... I was at first deniged to do so... then my mom slapped my butt, I got the hint...
Tsui then asked me, in the glow of the tree's magnificence... to hand over my Avatar Key... I obliged... not lacking trust...
I thought I lost THAT, when Tsui SLAMMED the Key into HER tree....
I screamed for an answer, interlaced with an expletive... mom scolded me for that one...

Tsunami chuckled, then asked me to place my hand on the Key....
I got edgy there.... I already was at a MAJOR disadvantage... it must have shown, dad interjected a harsh retort to my hesitation, as well as a tantalization... my answers were within my grasp... literally....
I placed my hand.... it was jolted along with my body and mind, with sheer power, filled with knowledge, filled with clarity, filled... with.... my gods...
I saw myself... or... a part... or... I don't know... a image... a sight...

Earth, pre-history era; as Tsunami explained... at the time of when she first reached the planet, after her run in with Tokimi; after Washu... and some person named Achika were cast down from the pantheons....
In my sight was Tsunami... young... almost like a time capsule of beauty.... the hair was different... deep blue... with white streaks.... she was in simple garb of the era... kinda skimpy if ya ask me...
My sight also beheld other wonders... me... with a mean looking staff... a bunch of followers and trees coming together... I recognized the Tsunami unit by the shape of the formation....
...I also noted the less than friendly natives trying to stop her... hence my presence apparently...

I also noted that this... ancestor... was the last to leave the planet... with much resistance it felt... I actually could relate to that feeling... ...my ancestor was meaning to commit a severing... I could feel the intense love the young Tsunami had for my ancestor... hence the apparent kidnapping it would seem...
It was all a history lesson on the beginnings of Jurai.... the unit with it's inhabitants in linked stasis with the original generation trees; the ship passed an apparently GARGANTUAN distance, to a planet that I assumed to be the present Jurai.... history flowed... Azusa was proclaimed Emperor into the third generation cycle, a grand civilization flourished; things happened here and there... yada yada...
But something else happened instead.... after a time it seemed.... a period of growing darkness.... to the point that the Jurai civilization... moved? huh?!
It was there I learnt, that there was a previous Jurai... one that existed BEFORE the current one....

I also learnt of the tragedy.... my ancestor... by the name of Sai`hon... repeated his effort from Earth, this time to save a civilization from genocide... Tsunami took the advice from her personal Knight... heeded with the call of a new world to start anew.... saving all that could be from the black hole that apparently engulfed the old Jurai.... Sai`hon... despite... a INTENSE love for Tsunami.... severed his tree from the rest... to protect the location of Jurai Prime.... the consequences were obvious....

This all had a eye opening revelation... I had a tree.... not here... but in the universe... I had a tree I was linked to.... my mom... and dad... were descendants of this Knight... how was not given to me as yet... THEY didn't know either.... as I released the Key finally from the Tree.... I had new questions... and only one source to find them.... I had to find this tree... 
I looked into Tsunami's eyes... she read my mind.... we had a link spanning more than just simple time... it was destiny itself... we just had to answer it... at all costs....
I related all of this to the Misaki Clan... who had their own suprises for me... Tenchi was named Azusa's successor.... MUCH to Kagato's displeasure...
With more at stake now... the answers were DESPARATELY needed....

It was there that we had a RUDE interruption... I automatically knew the source of the dark power that had arrived... 
He looked STRAIGHT at me... and only me...
That oily, viscous laugh... it was in the dreams... nightmares more...
It had only one name.... it was....

(End Part Sixteen)
