(Part Fourteen - Souls Joined)

My eternity in the sight of true beauty ended with a simple quip by 
Tsunami, kinda. sultry.  in the way it was said, and upon regathering 
my wits, we proceeded to our "restaurant"; so happens that it was the 
within the Eiffel Tower itself, more towards the upper end of the 
attraction.
Good thing I had my well endowed debit card handy, to go along with the 
well endowed dinner we had, and I'm not talking about the calories. at 
least Tsunami liked it. 
We then took in the sights of the majestic city, along with my eyes 
over Tsunami's. well. I looked over the city a lot...  the curves of. 
the traffic was interesting... errrrrr..
Tsunami noticed all that.

We then. (apparently all planned out by the girls.) ..headed to the 
Opera House to take in a simple play there.. The Barber of Seville 
interestingly enough. it was during this performance that Tsunami made 
some "interesting" overtures towards my personage. good thing my 
discipline kept me cool.. Not without breaks of concentration, of 
course.
She then told me during the intermission of "plans" that were being 
made, if only I'd do "something" to justify those plans. was I supposed 
to do something!??!
That raced all through my mind for the remainder of the opera; I barely 
got to enjoy the play because of it.

We then headed over to the moonlit walks of the Seine river, and after 
a while a short trip on the Seine on a simple boat.. And the captain of 
that tour vessel seemed to be playing the same tune as Tsunami was... I 
stopped caring after that, and just enjoyed the experience I was 
participating in. After careful hindsight, that was the intention of 
the entire evening, I was pegged and didn't even know it at the time.
A warm breeze caught Tsunami's hair, and the moonlight caught it.. 
That's all it took, even nature was playing along..
I just walked behind her, and held her for a long time.. That's all we 
did. it felt beyond words..

It so happened that we ended up near one of the major shopping arcades, 
and after passing a few fancy boutiques. we, or should say I was 
dragged into a perfume shoppe.
After about seven wiffs of heavenly aromas; a perfume named delRosa 
Seluni was chosen by my beloved.. Making moi already even more dopey 
than before..
It was during the silent stroll along the rest of the arcade, along 
with a simple bouquet of Roses I obtained.. that we noticed.. at least 
I think it was... Kagato and Maymay. 
I tried to gain their attention. it had to be them, no one else wears 
their hair that "interesting" the way Kagato does. but we failed to 
gain their attention.. Maybe a little intentional. oh well.

Then. I noticed the most incredible diamond ring laying in a window 
display.. before Tsunami did... don't even ask me WHAT I was thinking 
that moment. I was lost in my emotions from the start of the date 
anyway... I thought: "Aleaic ol bean, I think you know what Tsunami was 
talking about earlier don't you?" Inside I nodded.. Oh boy, I think I 
was nuts; but isn't everyone in this kind of situation?
I "suggested" that Tsunami accompany me into this certain shoppe. not 
much argument there. I think you can guess the rest, but. I'll tell 
anyway....

I obtained the services of the local jeweler of the store, had him use 
a helper to "distract" Tsunami with a choice of jewelry; while I 
quietly obtained the "item" I was interested in.
Thank goodness the jeweler acted fast behind the scenes while I 
returned to Tsunami.
I was the one to help Tsunami place a large Sapphire necklace while the 
item was taken care off..
I hid the "item" in a jacket pocket, keeping the focus on Tsunami's new 
addition.

*heart pound* We ended up near a secluded open garden area, well 
moonlit..
*heart pound* I felt her hand caress mine, the smell of the hair.. the 
scent of the moment.
*heart pound* My feelings poured out too easily like the water of a 
nearby fountain.
*breath.* The ring glistened in the moonlight, so did her tears. I 
think you can guess the answer..

Remember the kiss from back at the Misaki residence, as that was as 
innocent; this one was as passionate.. No other word comes close.. 
None...
We later ended up near a French dance hall, taking in more late night 
ball dances and twirls than I could ever think of myself doing, I lost 
ourselves in each other that night, then and it seems to this day, 
forever.. we were truly in love, use whatever clich‚s you want, we were 
them all.
Then there was the last dance, quite early in the morning.. Where we 
felt the universe had fallen silent around us. the air became misty.. 
The love truly sealed in that moment.
I loved Tsunami; and would do everything in my ill-understood powers to 
protect her. lets make one more thing clear, I'm not Tenchi. enough 
said.

We awoke the next morning of our final day to more than a few surprised 
faces... Mihoshi actually need to resuscitate Kiyone for once.. Tenchi 
was completely mystified. Misaki, Funaho, Sasami, Ayeka, and Bruinuae 
were completely overjoyed; Reoko was still drunk from partying too much 
to notice. typical.
Azusa, and Yosho.. Well.. Quite calm actually. I took it as a sign of 
acceptance..
Washu was the one that wasn't too sure. but, the acceptant faces of 
Tokimi and Gaia settled her, I see that much in their eyes, I expected 
more resistance to the idea, but... I occurred to me then WHY it turned 
out this way... as much as before... I was led to this conclusion, my 
destiny spoke for me again.. But, after all this time, I actually 
accepted this wholeheartedly.

Then the surprise of the entire trip, not only were Tsunami and I going 
to be married, we were beaten to the punch by of all people, Kagato and 
Maymay... yep, married already.. Don't ask, it's just all a big 
migraine, just accept it. not that the family did outright.. Quite a 
few months would pass until THAT was sorted out. among other things...
But everything was only a reflection of what we felt as a whole that 
time; with the passing of a morning shower, we toured the city together 
one last time, enjoying the simpleness of the moment.. then, the 
picture... the family, then the girls and I, followed by Tenchi and his 
"clan"; then Azusa, and the Queens...
But the last... Just as a rainbow shone behind us, with a flock of 
geese at that moment, Tsunami and I.... I had Washu make a Diamond and 
Sapphire picture frame for that one.. The way a good dream should end.. 
The way my life really began..

And with that, the return trip to home was a semi-bitter sweet 
experience; with one new passenger, and a more memories than a mortal 
should be allowed; Tsunami slept in my arms for most of the trip home, 
as well as an even LONGER stay over in Philly this time than last.. go 
figure.
Some twenty hours later, and a few more arguments all around. Ayeka and 
Reoko never will grow up. we returned to Japan. home..
Lets say that the rest at home when we got there was the most restful I 
could ever feel of a home.  this was one carnival I wished would last 
forever..  .never would I imagine WHERE that carnival would 
lead..never...

(End Part Fourteen)

