(Part Five - Everyday Suprises)

I came to realize finally one day, that I was REALLY a part of a family 
now..
after the little field trip, I decided to make sure I earned that 
For the next several weeks were incredibly enjoyable
As I came to accept that I belonged, For the first time since my parents 
died, I belonged.....

This one day was not unlike any of the others, I had gotten up early
To the revelry of Ayeka harping on a lazy Reoko as usual
To Sasami being wizardlike in the kitchen; I helped out a bit too
To Kiyone blasting at Mihoshi while she put her uniform on all the wrong 
ways; I keep getting chuckles  out of that....

I helped Tenchi with the upkeep of the Shinto gardens, before heading to 
school
Thanks goodness, Washu was at it again when Tenchi and I left
Tsunami tagged along as usual to the bus stop... told me about showing 
me something soon..
My curiosity piqued as the bus took off, aint it the way...

As Tenchi And I grumbled about the long walk up, we saw the Ryu-ou-oh 
tree blossoming in the afternoon sun..
We got the usual greeting at home, Poor Tenchi.... *GASP* ..Tsunami!
We spent the evening the usual way, chaos..... and good tea..

Saturday gave me a chance to really help out, started with training w/ 
Yosho and Tenchi..
Then some housework with Sasami again, Tsunami stuck to me like glue all 
day
I wonder if Reoko and Mihoshi are related somehow... LAZY...
Ayeka and the Guardians (As I call them..) ..also did a little help as 
well, until Reoko woke up anyway......

After the dust settled, Ayeka and Reoko were given the appropriate task 
of clean-up by Yosho....
Sasami was sent off w/ Ryo-Oki to play... Mihoshi and Kiyone... uhh.. 
don't ask..
Tenchi, Tsunami, and I helped to fix a hole in the outside wall..
Washu was nowhere to be seen, as I found fortuitous in retrospect..

It was while I was describing the benefits of depressant medication, 
that Yosho called Tenchi to another side task..
Tsunami and I continued the job together, nothing special I thought; I 
was hammering a board Tsunami was holding..
When I huge explosion from inside caused the both of us to fall to the 
ground
I found out it was Little Washu later, but that wasn't on my mind at 
that moment..

I had fallen hard on my back, no injury; as Tsunami fell on top of me..
She asked if I was ok, replied in kind; and was about to help get us up
When I noticed Tsunami looking softly at me, I simply froze
The air around us went completely quiet at that moment; we soundlessly 
agreed to the next action...

I felt the initial kiss as a flare through my soul, I simply let go 
after that..
The ensuing eternity was beyond blissful, as we kissed like it was our 
last opportunity to...
The embrace was like the sunlight was covering us in a warm blanket
And is was an eternity, beyond anything I would feel again; I was giddy 
and sorrowful at that moment...

We then realized that we were watched intently...
We saw that EVERYONE had watched for the entire five minutes of that 
interlude
I must have turned a fierce lobster red... and Reoko/Ayeka were taking 
notes AGAIN!!
We could do nothing but laugh after that, for quite a while...

We ended the evening in realization that things had changed again..
I also got real indications of how much I belonged, the dinner was more 
directed at MY palette that night....
I could only guess at what my life would take in direction next, a 
little worry that I had TOO much attention given..
But I was part of family now, just a new facet in the Misaki jewel

The following events, much to my chagrin and joy; were beyond anything..
That a simple mortal like me could begin to comprehend
It all erupted after my birthdate was discovered...
Nothing was the same after that!!

(End Part Five)

