(Part Twenty-Five: Cherry Blossoms and Lace)

Three weeks later. we were on Jurai once more. the smell of fresh life 
from the Trees, mingled with the sounds of constant bells ringing in 
the distance.. All around.
The air was also thick with cherry blossom leaves. the Trees gift to 
the coming nuptial. yes. you hear me correctly.
Tsunami and I together at truly last... 

And you wouldn't believe the wedding planning that went into this 
event. whoa.. Misaki had become the head wedding planner. after a 
tussle with Achika of all people. uhhh. deities.
I never knew Misaki was such a chess wiz. even Achika had a tough time 
of it.
Despite that. the planning was pretty smooth. if not at least broad in 
scope. I never knew so many women could have so many ideas for a 
wedding of this caliber.
Again. I had my fair share of being interrogated; mostly with tuxedo 
choices. a few magnificent. a lot not so. a couple. umm. revealing. 
heh.
But I had already chosen my suit of choice. with the help of Asuka and 
the Grand Marshal. a hybrid Royal uniform and Galaxy Police uniform. a 
excellent combo to be sure. 

Ah. I should tell of what happened after the battle with Mulhorand.
First of all.. Jurai knew I existed.right after the battle. the press 
was all over the Royal family. and all they could espout. almost 
constantly. was that I had given my all for the good for the people of 
that world. then my father and mother had gotten into it. telling my 
complete life story to the media. all this while I had thought I was 
dead to the universe.
Tsunami had stayed out of sight.. Thinking I had REALLY died this 
time..

That was before the Sai`Hon Tree did something spectacular.. It 
appeared on Jurai Prime. it simply grew there suddenly; three days 
after the battle. the first obvious indication that I WASN'T dead.. 
And with some quick deduction. and the insight of the Trees.. They 
found that my pattern had appeared on Earth.. And Tsunami nearly went 
goddess at that news..
And three weeks later.. the Royal Treeship had arrived over Earth. the 
day I had went to the Cave and Yosho's Tree.. Guess they wanted to 
watch me for a day. 
I was a bit miffed when I heard this. as well as for that broadcast 
before they showed up to the house. talk about sneaky. it was timed by 
the Galaxy Police PR office. sneaky!!

Almost as soon as the arrived, I was FORBIDDEN from anymore house 
chores. a Royal dictate no less.. My only concern was the coming 
wedding I was about to attend this very day. 
Tsunami made sure to make me enjoy her company to the fullest.. Trust 
me. I HAD to.
While everyone else did the chores. I experienced a barrage of Royal 
etiquette, mainly in the wedding ceremony I was about to experience.
I also learnt of the many fans I suddenly had in the Jurai sphere. 
stories like mine apparently make good vid-productions.. In several 
thousand languages and alien dialects.  I was visited by MANY "stars" 
of these productions to get pointers on how to be like me.. And every 
one of those meetings was head scratching. Tsunami just laughed.

As for the others.. Tokimi, Achika, and Gaia.. Decided that a new 
addition to the Misaki residence was needed.. 
They made the house THREE TIMES LARGER!!!!
Lots of storage space.. I guess.. ohboy.
And my room. just HUGE in the space that was created. ugh.

Mihoshi and Kiyone. good news. they were named along with Nen to become 
ambassadors of the GP diplomatic branch. to Jurai Prime no less.. 
The only thing. Kiyone was NOT thrilled with Mihoshi still assigned 
with her. to be blunt. I think Kiyone was about to throw Mihoshi into 
the Cruiser Yagami's power core..
Did I mention that Mihoshi just spends more time with Kiyone, rather 
than with her job. 
On a regular basis that is. much to the Jurai council's relief..  
Mainly because Mihoshi's first report about the event of the past year. 
took the council.. Actually. I think they are STILL debriefing that 
report. I think the ENTIRE imperial computer data-network is still 
working on it.
Don't ask me for how much longer.

As for Ayeka and Ryoko.. I have to include Misaki and Washu in on this 
part.
It's still ugly. Tenchi has spent more and more time with me. I could 
feel his problem..
But. it came to a head at the dinner table one evening.. After a VERY 
intense stand-off. Tenchi had enough, and shouted that he loved them 
both. and would marry both. just to keep them both happy.
Asuka and Yosho had the most shocked faces I had ever seen.. Actually. 
they all did.. The rest of the evening went pretty quietly. 
The strange thing. Ayeka and Ryoko both had the happiest faces the next 
day. even when they walked by each other.. I think they got what they 
wanted.. 

Nen. he had a similar thing. for a time. Sasami and Bruinuae went with 
the contest approach. looking to see which one could get Nen's 
attention the most.
Nen then started courting both of them.. It was cute to see.. That the 
two most innocent ladies of the house. were the most devious.
It got to them both having a spitting match. a.k.a. Ryoko/Ayeka style.
But they both quickly apologized soon after. and. heh. started sharing 
time with Nen. poor guy. he didn't get much free time after that.
Still waiting for him to pop the question at some point. he has no 
choice. trust me. I know.

Kagato and Maymay.. Talk about two weird people.. Lots of fighting. 
making up quickly. more fighting. strange games they played on 
everyone. me and Tsui included. 
I hate molasses.. 
Beyond that. umm. ahh..
I'll keep that stuff private. they are DEFINITLY the most adventurous  
of the family. by far.

Lord Fenganis and Queen Rosusn went back to Fungesian Complex. and came 
back promptly with a request that one of us become the ambassador 
between Jurai and Fungesia..
Along with a fleet to command..
Tsunami voted me, mainly by shoving me in front of Emperor Fenganis.. 
I.. umm. graciously accepted. I got Tsui back later that day.. 
As for them. it's good to be the King. and Queen. Fenganis and Asuka 
still argue. it's fun to watch.

Washu.. Uhhh. boy.. I got swindled into being a bio-subject for tests. 
with the excuse of a wedding physical screening. course. Tenchi was 
suckered in too. at least I wasn't alone. 
And to this day.. I still think I heard some soft giggling in the 
background. 
Other than that.. Washu made for me. a one of a kind Tsui-ohki.. A 
cabbit made from Tsunami's DNA. some mass material. (.ahh. the masses.) 
.and a rare aquamarine diamond Gem.. POW. another fuzzy carrot muncher.
Speaking of cabbits. I sorta guess Ryo-ohki and Ken-ohki. umm. hitched. 
I guess. however cabbits do such things. they make a cute couple. 
Sasami's happy about it. has three cabbits to play with.

On a related subject. Ryoko and Nagi. if you cared. became best 
friends. since Ryoko was cleared of any warrants on her head. currently 
anyway.
Nagi got her last battle.. Ryoko accepted. took place OFF the Earth.. 
For safety's sake. (Earth's)
After ten hours.. it ended in a draw.. Nagi couldn't quite get Ryoko. 
came close on three tries. but. they decided to do this on another 
day.. One that never arrived.
After a few bottles of sake` that night. they became best buds. talk 
about your loopholes. jeezz. now they simply play tricks on Ayeka and 
Kagato/Maymay. makes me laugh.

As a whole. the royal family of Jurai is getting TOO used to the 
vacation on Earth. despite calls from the Jurai council. 
Asuka is much more relaxed these days. sort of. he's mostly concerned 
with testing Tenchi for the role of successor. and Tenchi has passed 
all with flying colors. impressive..
Misaki and Funaho had much to do with that. I can see where THOSE 
battle lines are drawn. for anything that it's worth..
A lot of attention these days is to acclimate Tenchi with Royal code 
and etiquette; Ryoko even has taken lessons. to keep Tenchi happy 
anyway.

Did I mention the wedding planning? Misaki did.
Ohh. I forgot Yosho. well.
I was called to his abode. with Funaho and Mother in attendance that 
day.
Two things came up.

The first.. I was shown a VERY well guarded secret. and boy. was I 
surprised to learn that Yosho was a YOUNG person.. With the request of 
continued secrecy. after a bit of snapping back to reality.. I agreed.. 
Still. heh.
And the second?
Talk about special.. At least I thought so. 
Guess you wana know. but first. a poem. *waits for it*

But seriously. when I saw it. I first was quisitive.
A broach. one set like a leaf from a first generation Tree.
It apparently was supposed to be Yosho's gift to Ayeka when they 
supposed to marry. another first for me. anywho.
It apparently was more befitting for me to present to Tsunami at the 
appropriate time, saying I would know. If he said so. but the guesture 
was genuine enough to accept.  after that, I learnt more of Funaho's 
history; as well as her continued. yet quiet. demands for tea.

Did I mention.. That Achika and Nobuyuki were enjoying each others 
company. did I mention that they eloped. must have taken one of 
Kagato's suggestions. or maybe just a natural thing. 
Either way, they're rather happy. 
And with Tenchi. talk about getting some make up for lost time. Achika 
and Tenchi have set themselves up a tea break session about early 
evening to discuss things.
That's where one of the idea's for Tsunami's and my honeymoon came 
from.. One for another tale.

And finally. mom and dad. 
They had the habit of taking a early morning walk in the mornings.. A 
ritual I took up. I had my own catching up to do.. And from my Father. 
I learned some things about my early childhood that pretty much filled 
in the rest of the holes.. 
Yes. they had to drive Mulhorand away. yes. Tsunami had a hand in how 
my upbringing turned out. and while it was lonely. I actually had much 
of the same childhood as my Father Terrai. he walked a lonely path, as 
I did. learning the hard way of honor and hard work. such things make 
certain people either into hard people. or humble ones. guess my path 
from all above.
And from mother.. I got a overdue set of hugs waiting for me (a basket 
full it seemed.); as well as advice for keeping a goddess happy. even 
goddesses are women too.

And Tenchi you ask?
He was standing beside me on Jurai.. As we overlooked from a large 
terrace upon set in the Palace Tree. hearing the bells. smelling the 
scent of happiness and cherry blossoms.. As we watched.. Waiting with 
my best man. I had to ask a frank question.. 
Did I deserve all this?
Tenchi turned to me and smiled simply. a trademark I think.

He simply ask me in turn. "Do you know who you are?" .a echo of what 
Yosho said once. in the beginning..
I nodded my head and chuckled a yes.
Yes. Tenchi said. because they all knew who I was from the moment I 
arrived. and because. with an innate power to bring people together. 
much like Tenchi did with his clan. I wouldn't have to ask such a 
question. because their camaraderie answered the question for me.
More chuckling. more cherry blossom leaves. and finally a loud chiming 
ring in the sound of the song of Tsunami.. Our cue for the ceremony to 
begin commencing.

As I walked down to the ceremony chamber. I passed many smiling faces. 
most I didn't know. a few from the council. with the best know in 
front. Mihoshi and Kiyone, with the Grand Marshal. with Washu talking a 
storm with Funaho, Misaki talking a storm with Rosusn. Fenganis 
silently sitting. Achika and Nobuyuki giving quick Tenchi pointers. 
Mother giving Nagi some hair tips.   a funny portrait. 
And as I reached the altar. a large one.. And I turned around. I saw 
the breadth of the Jurai spread before me. I couldn't help but be 
nervous.
As my best men: Tenchi, Kagato, and Nen.
I felt a bit sweaty as the sounds of awe started flowing in from the 
outside.

Then the Trees started singing a opening tune. and the room turned dusk 
suddenly. and then two large beams of sunlight shone; one on the altar. 
mainly me. I was nervous with that.
And the other on the entryway, as Sasami and Bruinuae acting as flower 
girls. Ryo-ohki, Ken-ohki, some five or so mini-ohki's, and Tsui-ohki 
coming up behind. kinda cute.
Then the main course. I nearly lost myself in a haze of lace, silk and 
teal.. And those eyes. always the eyes..

As she. floated? No. walked. something in between. every eye was in 
awe. 
Like they've never had seen a goddess before.. But my eyes saw 
differently. and the same was in Tsunami's eyes.
A long and slow entry to the sounds of the Tree's chiming, and a 
orchestral entrance by a large symphonic echoing from somewhere in the 
palace. the echo effect was amazing.. In retrospect.
Ayeka and Ryoko took the rear. the dress was kinda LONG actually. made 
in the cross of a oriental dress, with a version of Tsunami's normal 
robes. and the splaying out of silk sashes all about. led on one arm by 
my Father. the other with teal Tsunami roses, ( a new creation for this 
day.) and white Vienna roses. a mix of Jurai and Earth in a bouquet.. 
And as Tsunami passed by the first two rows. I took note of Tsunami's 
real elegance. and. BLUE streaks in her hair? Whoa!!

Asuka of course acted as presiding minister. this part done in Earth 
style. 
I stood in front of Tsunami.. She stood in front of me.
Smiles simultaneously. the broach. I placed upon her chest. signifying 
the acceptance of me want to complete the ceremony.
The first. the meeting and experience. the second. courage of asking 
for the mating. the final. completion of the mating.. Right here..

A sermon from Asuka.. about how an example of our love could teach all 
the universe about overcoming differences. and that love IS eternal..
The we had a couple of verses to say.

Tsunami: "I take you as my destined mate. from the first time as 
Sai`Hon. to the dark days of times expanse. from the days of lonely 
waiting. to the day of assimilation. and from there. rediscovery. in 
all that time. love was always there. when I saw you through a child's 
eyes. to the day I saw you cry when you lost your parents; and shed my 
tears. I saw through time. I saw love in all that time. to the day I 
scared you on that calm evening. throughout all the discovery, games, 
learning, battles, friendships, and many more events shared. there was 
love. even after the sacrifice. I loved. to our first kiss. I loved. to 
the night in Paris. I loved... And from now on. no matter whatever 
happens. I will love. because.. You taught me how to love from the 
first day. until our last.. My love for you is as immortal as I. and as 
will you because of that love. now and forever..."

Aleaic: "I've met you two times. one as a Neanderthal.. The other as a 
child.. At least in my opinion and experience. and both times. I fell 
instantly. it only took my sanity time to catch up. You showed me how 
to be more than myself. to actually touch stars. and dreams. I may felt 
love in other ways. but never would I feel my mortality struck to the 
core by one that made me fly in truth.. We ARE destiny. we are the 
roots of love. because we both have roots in time. and destiny.... I 
sacrificed for love. I slaved for it. I felt lost without it.. And I 
will be more because of it. I give you my mortal heart to share with 
me. so that we both can feel the mortal love. and never take for 
granted, that it's mortal love; that makes us both immortal. and with 
this.. You will know my love for all my time in existence... now and 
forever..."

Then. as sprinkles of starlight mingled with flowing blossom leaves. 
timing..
We exchanged vows. Earth style.. with a Juraian twist.  using the Trees 
as a metaphor for the vows..
Then my wedding ring. as I gently spread it on.. I let loose a wash of 
Jurai energy to seal my end of the link.
And my ring. a jeweled version of an activation ring Key for my battle 
suit. with a LARGER wash of Jurai energy. I felt warm and fuzzy..

Then a new sermon from Asuka..one espousing that the work of love is 
more than idealism. that it's how two entities can exist in any time.. 
Any where. any how.
That if a goddess could make the decision to love unconditionally. a 
lesson could be made for the good of ANY mortal.. Or immortal for that 
matter..
Then a twist to the ceremony.. Tokimi, Gaia and Achika appeared around 
us in a triangle.. And Tsunami made good a special power made for this 
ceremony.. A permanent link between us. to feel each other's thought's 
and being.. Talk about being literal..  Then. a large beam of light 
from the goddesses sealed the link... spectacular to be sure..

Then a Large silk sash. teal blue and gold black.. Our colors. wrapped 
around our ring hands; another Earth custom.. And a Unity candle. yet 
another Earth custom..
Then.. As the light blocked all out besides us two.. With the blessing 
of the Jurai council, and the civilization as a whole. 
We were named mortal husband and immortal wife.. 

The veil..
The kiss..
The VERY deep kiss..
The sounding roar of approval from it seemed like the entire planet.. 
And maybe a few nearby systems..

Mihoshi, Mother, Misaki, about ten thousand more tear jerked faces.
The rest simply just clapped..  
It took awhile to get through all the well wishers. 
Then the party began.

For one. Tokimi, Gaia, and Achika were now Sisters.. That's still 
taking awhile to sort out.
I now have one BIG family. officially.. 
I'm still blue from all the hugging from Misaki and Mother at the same 
time.
Ayeka and Bruinuae were mugging me for immediate group photos.. About a 
million soon after.

Ryoko made a scene with Kagato with the mead of local brew.. Mihoshi 
had Kiyone in pigtails with her antics in trying to meet with EVERY 
family member in the royal family. 
Washu bent the ears of a few guests with having known me from the 
beginning.. As well as completely confusing theories about Gems.. 
Funaho finally saved everyone with suggestions of improving the Jurai 
ships. a cute but spirited. (I'm being cautious here.) .discussion. one 
that lasted awhile.
Sasami and Bruinuae got on Nen's case some more.. Yosho and Asuka 
stayed away from most of the action. Nagi soon joined the Ryoko/Kagato 
party. with Ayeka trying to act as party pooper to them all.. And did I 
mention the presents? WOW!! There was a lot. 

Then the cake. I love cake. but not in the face. at least Tsunami got 
her face messy too..
But the cake had one more surprise on it. on the top of the rather 
impressively tiered cake. my first present, from Tsunami.. A brand new 
Key. since the last was destroyed on what was old Jurai..  Just as the 
last one. sometimes it's the old things that are best...
Did I mention I love cake?
Okay.

Then came the corny jokes and flabbergasted speeches about the both of 
us during the wedding dinner. including a BAD song composed by Kagato, 
Maymay, Washu, and Ryoko.. And I will NEVER acknowledge such a song in 
writing. it's for the best... really it is!!
Then the final expectation of the evening.. The dance..
Over that gleamingly mirrored floor; under a carapace of stars.. The 
sound of romance filled from the same orchestra. with the same echo.. I 
must say. we've become quite the ballroom dancers. Tsui and I.. another 
thanks to Tsui..
And as we flowed around that mystic floor. with the sigh of happy faces 
all around. Tsunami's trust in me turned the dance into our most 
memorable moment of our lives.. And as other couples joined in. and 
Tsui laid her head upon my chest. I wished for this night to exist 
forever. something that might come true in this case. I didn't care.. 
The mist and haze of the soft air around us, filled with anything and 
everything that this night could appropriate as romantic. the night 
ended..

And with that. I leave this journal as a gift to you my daughter 
Isara.. As you finish reading this. I hope that all this has taught you 
with the tenants that I learned the with my own experiences.. Of course 
you know all of them already. the Misaki clan. the Royals, the weird 
space pirates that make you laugh. still don't know what you see in 
hanging out with Mihoshi all the time. but anywho..
As you reach your sixteenth Earth birthday.. (After only 216 years. 
weird huh?) I hope that you will lead your life in a way that does 
honor to who you are. as Yosho once asked me. "Do I know who I am?" 
.this is the question that faces many of us. you've no doubt heard this 
from Grandpa Yosho. and I want you to know always. that this question 
is an eternal one. it takes many forms. it takes much to answer.. 
Because that answer is who you are.. 
Oh. and be here at 1800 hours for the party. Your mom Tsunami and I 
hope you will be there. because.. family will always be a part of your 
answer.. Until adu.. 

(The End..)
