(Part Four - The Waterfalls of Warmth)

I had the plans made out, I knew it would come in handy...
In my travels around the countryside, I met my fair share of sights
Some were of course yawners, some were quite interesting and picturesque
But one, one place; I knew it was the place..... Carpe Deim as it were..

It was simple work convincing everyone to come along, as excuse of 
vacation..
So we rented a large Van, what with 12 people and one carrot muncher
Took us two hours to load everything, ughh; women and THEIR toys
But I made sure to steal in a little something special; part of the 
whim..

The ride was, uhhhh; "adventuresome", How can Ayeka and Reoko be still 
alive..
At least Yosho had plenty of stories, Nobiyuki just slept allot..
I kept time by conversing with Tsunami, she had me captivated; all the 
better
The trip lasted Five long, peaceful/scary hours; Ryo-Oki was great 
company

We stopped at a simple sea side area first, just to stretch....
I noted the crisp air, filled with sea salt; birds cried to the clouds
Tsunami noticed my fatuation, then joined in serenely
The three minutes were a beautiful blessing, torn away too fast..

We ate at a simple kiosk, I commented on the differences... Sasami 
blushed..
Then I saw the Tenchi tug-of-war between Ayeka and Reoko
Delayed our trip for an hour, thank goodness for Yosho and my debit card
I think we tied them down well enough for the rest of the trip, Tsunami 
cracked up heavily..

When we reached then valley, I told them all to keep watch... I think 
Yosho knew
We passed into convenient tunnel, Tsunami felt the anticipation
The hold became tighter as we reached the tunnel exit..
The first sound out of the tunnel was simply... "wow"

The scene was of something only gods could have dreamed up...
Cascading waterfalls everywhere, fields of Emerald painted up cloud 
obscured Granite majesties of gray power, haze of cool moisture softened 
the air..
The we reached a overlook, had everyone get out; a huge Sapphire blue 
mirror of the sky lay below, it cried of life and beauty....
Apparently so did the women, I sneaked a picture of Tsunami at that 
moment of innocence..

We toured the area for a while, aweing the ladies of my tale of 
discovery
I told, and Yosho agreed, to camp at the base of a rather unoccupied 
spot..
We spent the remainder of the day setting-up, settling-in, saving 
Tenchi, getting constant bear-hugs from Tsunami, touring the area; 
enjoying the mood..

I got serious the next morning, before breakfast; nudged Tsunami awake 
in the other tent..
I led her to a spot that somehow called to me when I was here last...
And now I knew why; for as I led my beloved through a damp and dewed 
cave
I felt the rush of childish innocence in the attempt alone

We reached a grotto open I was here last at, leaving no doubt of the 
outcome..
The sight was too special for too many, the twin waterfalls left a 
morning rainbow, the same color as Tsunami's hair; my gift to loves 
attention
Then I just held her, I made sure of the feel of eternity...

After a while of watching the rainbow climb the falls; I revealed my 
true reasons and intents
I held out a simple velvet enclose, holding my last memory of childhood
Tsunami beheld her breath upon sight, and yes diamonds were part of the 
equation
My mother's bracelet, with the same soul as my father's intent so long 
ago..

"There is no way to understand how this happened, only gods know why; as 
I'm sure you do... as to why you love me, so I will respond in the 
family tradition"
I told her of the age of the bracelet, and the some 40 generations of 
family romance behind it.... and now it was our turn..
The rest of the morning was spent in warm embrace, the cool air kept us 
tight..
I spoke of the sweet nothings that came to me extremely easy; almost 
like breathing, the morning ended with three little words..

We ended up with the girls snickering at us, though Mihoshi was blank as 
usual.
Then Yosho suprised us all with a similar tale between him and his 
Terran wife.
Nobiyuki of course asked his silly question, got the silly response.
Tenchi got nervous after that, Ayeka and Reoko schemed their usual.

The mood of the moon was particularly amorous that night, with the 
waterfalls in moonlit hue....
In between disruptions of Tenchi games and great cook-outs, the 
following week went beyond dreamlike between us birds...
I think the result was quite satisfactory, the last night was special..
I found Tsunami curled next to me in a separate roll; I made sure to 
remember that scene in my dreams, since they happened to be there 
anyway.... 

(End Part Four)

