(Part Seven - The First Awakening)

It was a week later that things started to get serious..
I was finishing my latest work... (Tenchi chose good paints!!)
And was simply relaxing, not really worrying about the incident
Was feeling the summer breeze, as school was out... got first in the 
science fair... ..pretty cool..

I was thinking on that when my thoughts jumped to my training that day
Apparently Lord Kosihito decided to intensify my training.. a tough 
stretch of weeks... I was pooped..
But yet, no more manifestations occurred; and I could not figure why, so 
I stopped worrying,,
I also wondered a bit on the nature of my manifestation.. I shook my 
head clear of my thoughts..

I stopped and went to help Sasami; I found the house empty as a result..
Then a strong sense of peril shot through my body... danger screamed in 
my head..
I was about to call out.... when a heavy ground shake followed a large 
detonation from outside..
I ran outside to a chaotic scene... and a dark mass of energy as well..

I tried to infer quickly, but was rebuffed by a wall of air..
As I picked myself off the ground.. I heard gasps of disbelief..
I could only watch as one word crossed my ears.. "Kain"...
I felt nothing but tremendous evil emanating from Kain's writhing form..

Reoko was the first to attempt an attack, as Ayeka shielded the rest of 
the group..
I found cover as Tsunami yelled to me, just to keep low..
Then Reoko was slammed into  the lake, and started advancing at the 
rest..
I decided upon reaching the group, and was met by a ill intentioned arm

I remembered that this Kain was responsible for nearly destroying the 
Misaki bloodline here, as Tenchi related once...
I could only feel that this was vengeance for that outcome..
I saw an "arm" slam into the Azaka/Kamadakye shield, barely holding...
Then Washu barged in with some kind of laser, it had a telling effect..

As Kain reeled in pain, I reached the group; and saw the wound that 
Sasami had..
I also noticed that Tenchi was being deliberately blocked by Ayeka and 
the Guardians; I put the equation together swiftly...
Then Kain returned a second massive blow that sent the shield 
crashing...

But Yosho suddenly intervened with a energy blast, much to my suprise!!
Kain retreated again, but went berserk in the next moment..
Several arms slammed Yosho, the Guardians, and a counterattacking Reoko 
in the ground..
Then it turned upon Ayeka and Tsunami, as the regenerated shield 
crumbled, but Tenchi and I pushed the two out of the way...

The scene became desperate as Tenchi used the Tenchiken, and fought the 
beast back for a bit..
Then Kain unleashed a power wall, blasting Kain back...
I began building a fury inside as I saw my family being rebuffed one by 
one..
I tried distracting Kain with loose stones, pathetic really; the 
consequence was not...

I lay listening to the chaos with an increasing burning resolve 
inside...
Then I heard Tsunami scream, I jetted to my feet; as I saw Tsunami 
crumpled.
And nearly everyone else beaten down, and then saw Kain bearing down on 
Tenchi, the target of all this....
I had HAD enough, something inside me snapped, then ripped open to the 
surface; the latent powers flared out in my righteous anger..

The resulting out-flare shocked everyone; as I simply built more and 
more power; then..
I didn't completely understand then how, but it was instinctive...
"Get away from my family" ....I growled .. Kain stuttered... "{HOW; 
ANOTHER Jurai power?}"
Then I simply went with instinct, and created my own set of advanced 
Lighthawk wings - Avatarhawk Wings I learned later...

As my new set of three Wings transformed my body, Kain went barbaric; 
trying to finish the job..
I acted swiftly, as I formed a Wing Sword, and slashed through Kain.... 
cold...
Then as Kain staggered back in pain, I commanded everyone to use their 
maximum powers...
Ayeka/Guardians shield trapped.. Yosho held... Reoko slashed the 
"eyes"... Washu destabilized Kain's temporal field... Tsunami used a 
temporal trap web...
Ryo-Oki slashed and bit...

Then Tenchi formed his Lighthawk wings, and followed me on a Double 
Alpha strike... 
Right through Kain, the scream was horrendous, as was the proto-matter 
it spewed out..
I finished on the note... "This is for hurting my family FIEND!!!"
I then formed the Avatarhawk Sword, and pierced the hide of Kain clean 
through

It all ended in a flare of titanic energy; as Kain howled out, I seared 
my energy to the maximum..
Then the Kain entity simply disintegrated with a finishing blow by 
Tenchi
As the dark matter turned into sun-dust, I felt complete joy..
I had helped to save my family, how I did it didn't matter.. I just 
did..

When the dust settled, the realization of what happened dawned..
I also lost control of my "power" and returned to normal, like it was 
never there..
A bit weary, but no worse for wear.... I think...
I simply broke the silence with a concerned question..

I was met in consequence with a gentile hand by Tenchi
And a joyous tackle by Tsunami... lots of kisses and nuzzling...
I also met the gaze of an impressed Yosho..
He then he questioned me about if I was hiding something!!

In my laughter, had espoused complete ignorance of HOW I had "used" my 
abilities
In the aftermath, I became VERY respected in the household; much to my 
embarrassment...
But... this was only the BEGINNING; this event paled in comparison to 
what was in store for me...
I also found my artistry more detailed and intense afterward as well, 
even moreso, was my demeanor..

I went to bed that night a hero, and I knew it..... it still makes me 
blush..
I woke up to the next morning with renewed confidence..
And to a huge suprise... a gift from Tsunami... on the nightstand next 
to my bed..  a new Master Key, Double bladed too... I couldn't ignore my 
being anymore..
The following weeks went quietly, no more suprises; and... 
then..........

(End Part Seven)

