(Part Two - Focus: Remake)

It's been a couple of days since the incident at the lake.
And all I can infer, is that Tsunami has embarked on a very focused 
mission, me..
It's been very difficult to find ANY peace as of late; due to the near 
unrelenting advances just about everywhere I go or do.
Tsunami must be taking lessons from Ryoko, because I seem to see her 
image upon every possible venue and way imaginable.
Tsunami may portray herself as a mortal, but I sure do buy it, she is 
literally EVERYWHERE, and that is an understatement.

It starts in the mornings, as I go to freshen up for the day, I see her 
face in the mirror, I see it as I close my eyes to wash my face, at 
least she is refraining from appearing while I shower, yet..
Then as I head down stairs to join the family for breakfast, I keep 
getting shouts of Tsunami appearing behind me. And as I look, she ISN'T 
there.. 
I shrug it off, and reach the table calmly enough, despite the giggling 
from Sasami and Mihoshi. 
I then sit for a supposedly calm meal, some idle chatting; and keep 
finding that whenever a item I feel I need, appears in front of me, and 
I feel a smile from behind me. This keeps me looking over my shoulder 
constantly throughout the meal.

And yes more giggling as a result.
This has the result of even Ayeka and Ryoko from not arguing as much as 
usual. Despite the relief this give Tenchi, I feel even MORE edgy as a 
result.
Sometimes the discussion revolve around Kiyone's and Mihoshi's patrol 
duties for the day, which I try to use as a release valve. I doesn't 
last long.
Because as I listen, strange images of places I have never seen, much 
less dreamt of start appearing in my mind, as Kiyone describes the 
places she patrols. Then a practically close view of a star causes me 
to shout out, startling the heck out of everyone.
I decide to end the meal there, rather than be a nuisance; rather 
embarrassed as I am.

On school days, as I head to the bus stop with Tenchi, I see Tsunami's 
image upon the clouds, in water puddles, in the shadows of trees, 
within my eyelids EVERY time I blink or close them for a second.
When I get on the bus, I see a constant image of Tsunami upon the 
glass, and try to control my edginess, which causes Tenchi to chuckle. 
At least she doesn't interfere with my schooling, though she peeks in 
whenever I hit the restroom. JEEZZ.

Then the trip back from school is just as harrowing, since the bus is 
usually less crowded at the time I usually come home to the Misaki 
residence, this for whatever reason she thinks is appropriate to her, 
to appear next to me in a simple dress and hat; something like what 
Tenchi described Mayuka wearing when she first appeared. 
I'm usually too beat to care, and actually sorta lose myself in having 
her rest her head on my shoulder.
Then we get home, with Tenchi and I heading up the long stairway to the 
house.

It's about that time that Ryoko appears in her customary "loving 
muggings" mannerism.
I chuckle a bit in reflex, then.. oh gods.. TSUNAMI DOES THE SAME 
THING!!
I end up stampeding to the house as fast as possible, like a wild lion 
was on my tail.
In one smooth motion, I enter the house, lose the shoes, say my quick 
hellos, and make a break for my room.
All in 2.5 seconds. Used to be 3.4

Then there are the weekends, and days that I train at the Shrine.
I have to keep watch, and make sure there is SOMEONE around me at all 
times.
It doesn't help, because conveniently whoever is with me is called to 
help with something else. And guess who takes advantage shortly after.
It's with this that I end up trying my damndest to finish the Shrine 
upkeep as soon as humanly possible, and to keep as detailed as well. 
It's not easy I can tell you.

And when I do some of the Shrine duties, I feel something trying to 
open my soul further, and I can sense Tsunami trying to help me feel my 
training in a unique way. TOO unique for my tastes.
And then there is the bokken practice sessions with Yosho and Tenchi, 
and I SWEAR that every time I do something good, I hear cheers from all 
around, I shake my head at this.
And then there was the incident where I was trying to outflank Yosho on 
a parry stab, when I heard a song in my head suddenly!!
This caused me to end up losing y concentration, and a welt on the head 
shortly thereafter!!!

When I awoke a few minutes later, I felt a slight burning anger inside 
myself.
Then Yosho inferred wisdom in the form of learning to forgo 
distractions, no matter what kind they may be.
Oh sure, you tell yourself to ignore something that literally hits the 
pleasure centers of you mind like a lead brick; and TRY to regain 
control. 
Tsunami knew what she did, and it hurts. *rubbing welt*

Then there is the nightly ritual, one that involves Tsunami physically 
appearing at the dinner table; and literally hand feeding me like I was 
a two year old or something.
This of course embarrasses me beyond belief, but at least the 
infighting of Ayeka and Ryoko keeps the attention spread out, that is 
until Sasami starts talking to Tsunami.
Tsunami then infers with about every second sentence uttered, calling 
me her cushy-bun.
I had to keep from lashing out at Ryoko at literally every time that 
Tsunami called me that. At least Washu kept her daughter inline with a 
dropped clay statue from time to time.
But it doesn't save me from Mihoshi and Sasami doing the same, I feel 
small..

Then almost a mirror image of my mornings occurs as I get ready for 
bed, the mirror, washing my face, yada yada..
But as of late, the showers have been less and less private, I SWEAR 
Tsunami is trying to get peeks in from SOMEWHERE in the bathroom!!
About every ten seconds I have to cover myself up, and yell for her to 
stop peeking.
But somehow I get out of the bathroom in one piece, especially when I 
thought I nearly slipped in the shower, but didn't. I'll give you three 
guesses as to why..

Then FINALY, bed..
Except is get all weird from there..
For the last 10 nights, I've had some.. umm.. interesting dreams to say 
the least.
I ended up bolting out of bed a few times from the sheer intensity of 
the dreams, but I never once ended up losing sleep. Despite the 
intensity, it was also VERY refreshing.

I made the mistake of one evening of getting up to get a midnight 
drink, and after having the drink, nearly so seduced in the hallway 
next to the stairs.
I made a quick dash to the bed!!
And promised to never again leave my bed.
She is so everywhere, it's not even funny!!

Added to all of this, is the fact that I decided not to long ago, to 
start painting, and a bit of sculpting. Having picked up the trait 
early in my youth, and pursued further when I started school with 
Tenchi, I ended up becoming enamored in my newfound abilities.
And I apparently made some good stuff to.
But it's the subject of my new abilities that got me edgy after awhile.
From pencil drawings, to color drawings, to watercolor, to oils, to 
even clay.. around thirty pieces of work in all ended up with Tsunami 
in one way or form to be part of the subject, though I made sure to 
include elements of my life with the gang here, Tsunami was VERY in the 
center of the artworks I made.

Then came the last piece, an oil on canvas, depicting what I thought 
was a ten petal flower of some kind with the stars as a backdrop.
For some reason I felt the subject was appropriate, and any attempt to 
debate this was summarily smushed down.
I had Tenchi look at it to see what he thought of the flower.
What he said made me faint, it wasn't a flower; it was an image of 
Tsunami's special Unit vessel!!

A few smelling salts later, and a migraine; and I learned from Sasami 
and Ayeka that the information was true.
And a few smelling salts after THAT, I sat for a while; debating the 
legitimacy of my talents, were they my skills, or Tsunami's influence?
For whatever reason just after thinking that, I felt a tear well up 
from near me..
I must have hurt Tsunami's feelings accidentally, though I wasn't sure 
how? It hit me, that I was only having my skills used in a fashion that 
Tsunami wanted me to experience; with my own abilities, not hers. This 
I felt sure of was the case, and decided to enjoy the works that I did.
And that about explains the whole situation up to about two days ago. 
When it happened..

I had awoken again from another fantasy scape, to do my normal routine, 
with one bit of difference.. Tsunami wasn't peeking in..
All through breakfast I felt a distinct lack of Tsunami's presence, 
which had the consequence of Ayeka and Ryoko almost obliterating the 
roof of the house.
It was an all too fast escape from the house to head to school, that I 
nearly forgot about Tsunami, things were going too normally for me. So 
to speak..

After Tenchi shook off Washu current advances, and Ryoko's and Ayeka's 
resultant near cataclysm response, we headed to the bus stop.
During the trip, I felt a distinct lack of Tsunami's presence that kept 
me VERY edgy that day. This only served to allow Tenchi a good laugh at 
my expense. Err..
Even on the bus ride, I felt a distinct absence; one I felt.. Lacking..
The day at school was just as uneventful, nothing; not even a shadow or 
glimmer.

It was at lunch that I referred this tid bit to Tenchi; though I didn't 
get much of a response.
This continued into my Home Economics class; when I felt a bit TOO edgy 
at the time, looking out the windows too much rather than paying 
attention.. The teachers admonishment in front of the class, as well as 
the two hours in detention got me grumbling.
Then came time to stay late to work on my science project; one I felt 
inclined to do considering Washu was nitpicking into my affairs in this 
regard with a bit too much lavishing, and a dare not tell WHAT she 
could have done if I let her get involved..
So I worked on the project in what I felt was the relative safety of 
the school.

I was about finished with my project on electronic amplifiers, when I 
thought to myself..
"gee.. This has been one peaceful day, Tsunami must have given me a day 
off or something." ..maaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnn. would I live to regret 
THAT one..
NEVER.. and I insinuate the warning; NEVER THINK SUCH THINGS WHEN A 
GODDESS IS AFTER YOU, NEVER!!!
*GASP* Okay, I'm cool.. I'm cool..

It was just after I had packed away my working materials, and had just 
gone downstairs to head out, when I started haring noises from the 
cafeteria area..
My curiosity got the better of me, and I headed down to make sure the 
school wasn't being robbed or something such. I reached the cafeteria, 
and saw no hoodlums.
But I did see a flashing light coming from one room on the far side of 
the lunch room; and I thought it was the janitor or something.. so I 
debated for a couple of seconds, wether or not to make sure of the 
cause.
Again my sense of knowing got the better of me, this should have been 
my first warning!!

As I approached the door, the light looked like someone using a 
flashlight; but no sounds of banging or movement.. I got a bit antsy, 
thinking it might be some pranksters, and I went through the door 
before I realized what it could be!!
The slamming of the door behind me told me I was a complete and utter 
yutz!!
I fell for the oldest trick in the book, as far as I was concerned.. 
and a perfect example of why mortals are foolish, emotional creatures, 
easy to manipulate as putty. 
I knew I had been had..

I bellowed out at Tsunami, whom I knew was the culprit of this 
situation; but found no physical form to yell at.. I grew frustrated, 
and turned to the door, trying to pull it open!
My emotions were beginning to boil, as I fruitlessly yanked at the door 
knob; becoming increasingly hostile.
Then I felt a warm hand on my shoulder, ever so gentile in feeling, yet 
so resolute in meaning.
I twisted around, and still found nothing, but the warm yet stern hand 
remained, and I grew to feel that hand become more stern by the second, 
I felt a wave of panic!!

I twisted a few more times, trying to see the image of my.. well.. 
assailant..
Yelling in frustration for Tsunami to stop pestering me like this!!
It was when I turned towards the far wall, that I was frozen cold ; 
unable to move any of my limbs or muscles. Not even a finger.
Tsunami then finally appeared in a shower of sparking light, 
breathtaking to say the least; but not enough to distract my 
frustration..
That's when Tsunami had had enough..

I was literally SLAMMED into the door behind me, and completely pinned; 
this about broke me into a complete panic!
Then Tsunami inched in very, ever so close; and made it VERY well known 
of her intentions.
"I have had my fill of chasing you around, and can not see myself in 
the same light as the ones female in Tenchi's life. I am no Ayeka, and 
no Ryoko; not even Sasami. I am a woman that knows what and who she 
wants. And I shall now have you; my destined love.. once and for all."
It was with that, that Tsunami closed the distance between the two of 
us.

She was so close, I almost allowed myself to let go; and let it happen. 
But she stopped, and for the love of me, I do not know why. She had me 
dead to rights, ANY guys would have killed to be in this position. Yet 
the teal haired beauty halted her advance.
Then her hold on me wavered, and I somehow ERUPTED through two whole 
walls in my overreacted escape attempt.

I made good my escape, not even caring why she had stopped. Tsunami 
didn't even pursue me to the bus stop, upon which I acquired the final 
transport of the evening.
My emotions carried me all the way to the house, and in a smooth 
motion, opened the door, removed my shoes, and headed upstairs all the 
while saying my hellos and goodnights in the same breadth, finally 
making to my room shortly after.
2.8 seconds..

It took me awhile to settle down, as Kiyone was then one that inferred 
to what had happened to me.
I told the spiel, and found myself eventually wondering WHY Tsunami had 
stopped her advance. It made no sense, a common practice around these 
parts.
Until I had went to the showers, and in the middle of lathering some 
soap; I realized something. 
Maybe Tsunami stopped.. because she didn't want to treat me in such a 
manner.

I, as I returned to my room, then went over all the things Tsunami had 
done, and I belatedly discovered that she had not taken advantage of me 
once, even in my dreams. 
Maybe a bit provocative, but never too far. And. to be honest.. there 
was a couple of times that I actually enjoyed her company, when she 
wasn't pulling any Ryoko type stunts. And to be honest with that, I 
wasn't minding that much either, to be truthful. It doesn't hurt when 
you only have one female, even a goddess; as you attention, unlike a 
certain young head of the household I could mention..

I then looked at several of the artworks I had made with her visage, 
and for once..
I missed her. I decided to attempt to make amends upon the next morning 
coming, it was the least I could do.
I fell asleep soon after, and started having a new dream, the most 
serene yet.
Yes, she won't leave me alone, and while I still feel a pang of guilt, 
embarrassment, humility, and uncertainty; I came to realize a new 
feeling. Happiness. 
So.. she won't leave me alone, I guess I can get used to that. *sob*
