(Part Seventeen - Hunting for the Leaves)

Mulhorand..... 

The shadow was unmistakable in my memory... coming from the depths of 
the memory locked within the Tsunami tree...
An order from Azusa was useless... as the guards surrounded the shadowy 
figure, it pointed a single crooked finger straight at me.... it said 
three words: "{{~ Destiny will die... ~}}."; the shadow suddenly melted 
away.. leaving me in a cold sweat... 
It apparently left more than me caught off... Kagato was trembling 
with... fear.... Tsunami was actually scared...
Mihoshi had fainted... the rest were just stunned....

It took a while for me to explain from the sights from the memory tree, 
who Mulhorand was... and that there was actually a dark side of the 
Jurai power... or... more... a higher power....
Washu inferred about to Tsunami the details of the Jurai power... then 
made a statement about the gems.... Funaho then interjected about some 
discussion they had had on Earth... sometime before I ever arrived....
The answers given gave me an insight to my powers.... I had to 
surmise... that they were more than just Jurai in origin....
I must have said it aloud... I got a stiff retort from Azusa... and a 
nod from my father Terrai....

This was all conjecture... there was only one place I could think of to 
find the possible answers... the Sai`hon tree.... and not even the Jurai 
database or the Science Academy compubase had any details...
Then Kiyone suggested something... about using the GP database to find 
abnormalous traffic reports, strange planets encountered.... I felt it 
was a start.... I even asked Tokimi if she knew.... the answer I got 
wasn't helpful, but I sensed a hold back... I dropped it there in the 
fashion of a diplomat, and soon to be relation....
Azusa asked the council to grant my... MY? ...my troop access to the 
special preserve if we ever found it... just to be formal...

After some formalities... we left for the GP Headquarters.... it was the 
journey there that was the more interesting part of the trip...
I don't WHY the Royal family had to tag along... even AFTER they had 
made it home... "in the interests of Jurai security" was the thinly 
veiled excuse to shin off royal duties... I think Ayeka had the 
"vacation" concept down for the entire family.... MUCH to Ryoko's 
schagrin.... the Washu/Misaki war continued...
So... we had the Soja and Tsunami warships trailing the Yagami... 
strange formation to see.... I had to double-take a few time to make 
sure it was real... I decided to help Washu with maintenance of the 
dilapidated Yagami, more to avoid the enclosed spaces that a betrothed 
could get trapped in...

Now... this all takes into account... that just a year ago... space 
travel was only a dream of mine... now... I had to keep shaking off this 
queasy feeling from the weightless areas of the ship... I wouldn't get 
over it for another month... and everything that took place after this 
only took three weeks... it took three days to reach the GP Central 
Command station... allot to do in three days... and the engines only 
took one day to complete maintenance... 
I had too much time to enjoy.... or.. should I say... to be enjoyed...
I stuck around Tenchi as much as possible, keeping at my practice 
schedule.. it was a valid excuse... considering my new opponent... 
Did I mention the girls brought the ENTIRE database for wedding planning 
aboard... ugh... practice, practice, practice....

It was during the practices that I learnt more about Tenchi's new 
appointment... to be an official Royal Family at the end of the year... 
and to be Azusa's official successor to the throne in the future... 
hence I understood Kagato's resentment... but I was joyful for Tenchi 
nonetheless... as much as he was nervous about it... I could understand 
that... I think we both felt a bit overwhelmed by all the events that 
have occurred.... the wedding planing certainly didn't help much...
Then Lord Kosihito took us both aside... and told us both how much we 
had grown into persons of importance, and that we just couldn't avoid 
destiny... we both had power yet untapped... and strength yet unused... 
we we're like two growing trees, both to become like the towering trees 
of Jurai... time and action would tell us our path... and that we we're 
already on it... we felt more confident with that...

Later, as we ate at the table... Ryoko fighting with Ayeka, Misaki, 
Funaho, Sasami, and the goddesses chatting more wedding stuff... ugh... 
Kiyone and Mihoshi actually having a nice conversation... 
Yosho, Azusa, Nobuyuki (Yes he had come...) eating calmly among the 
chatter... Kagato and Maymay playing with each other's food, Washu 
interjecting thoughtfully into certain conversations.... 

And then Tenchi and I speaking our thoughts unrestrained.... I came to 
reconfirm, that I had a family.... 
Then there was MY family... Mother and Father had decided to 
accompany... I had to contend all I had done in the past day with my 
Father watching, and the wedding planning was TWICE as spirited with 
Mother Jeain around....
I had to think my Mother and Misaki were clones or something... my chest 
ribs were sore from all the hugging... Tsunami didn't help matters.....

Then, on the third day... two things happened.... considering the 
circumstances, the girls had decided to throw a party... 
I was the last to know of course... considering I found out when I 
opened the door to the house.... (Did I mention how well the house fit 
inside the Yagami... apparently from experience... anywho...)
I got the picture with a party blower in the face from Ryoko.... after I 
was picked from the ground by Tokimi and Gaia, I joined in the 
festivities....
Sasami's and Tsunami's best food by far... I always did love cake...
Then Azusa made an announcement.... directed at moi.... I looked at the 
others wondering why?

The I saw the Avatar Key being held by Azusa... and it had... 
adjustments... to it... 
The reason... Azusa announced that my training as a Juraian Knight was 
completed... this was seconded by Yosho and my Father Terrai... 
I had apparently demonstrated more skill than expected in my 
practices... and much skill and courage in my combat... more than enough 
to allow promotion to the level of Legendary Knight, as was my 
predecessor Sai`hon.... ..with the councils approval. dang!!
Then the sword was tossed to me... and upon catching it, I was 
transformed into my Avatarhawk form, signifying my ascendance into the 
Knighthood of Jurai... and as Tsunami hugged me, I cried... I knew 
happiness, home, family, and belonging....
My responsibility of being a Knight would include defending all of the 
above, among much more.... this I swore out loud....

Then finally came the... *shudder* ..karioke.... I was now officially a 
member of the family with this exposure... it was all kinda funny as 
well...
I was impressed with the goddesses, princesses and queens (mom included) 
choir; they sang a version of one of those slow romantic songs that made 
at least me feel fuzzy inside... I guess the rest of the guys felt the 
same...
Washu was less than impressive, but she made me laugh; respectfully of 
course...
Yosho, Nobuyuki and Azusa of all people made the rest of us roll on the 
floor...

I was also impressed with Kiyone and Mihoshi, the I learnt they had 
practiced in Karioke bars on their nights off from work... with Kiyone 
begrudging such....
The Kagato and Maymay gave it a whirl.... not that it lasted long... 
they better not quit their day jobs....
Even Sasami and Tsunami gave it a whirl.... Ryo-ohki was cute....
Then it was couple turn... I sweated... I hadn't gone yet...
Mom and Dad went first.... wow... they were good...

Ayeka with Tenchi, then Ryoko with Tenchi; I had to choose the first 
one... sorry Ryoko...
Azusa with Funaho and Misaki, wow... was Azusa nervous... but they were 
good...
Washu and Nobuyuki, another round of laughter....
Bruinuae, Tokimi, and Gaia were magnificent... wow... I didn't expect 
that from them.... and I noticed that they went for an obvious reason, 
(not exactly a couple as you could tell).... 
The I finally heard my name called.... before I could react, Tsui yanked 
me to the platform... 

Nervous... the first reaction... then I locked eyes with Tsunami.... a 
hint of perfume, an initial song thread.... I never realized I had a 
microphone in hand...
The song... "Blossoms on the Jurai wind" ....holding themes of love, 
flowing leaves between two trees, the gentile touch of the wind made by 
the two trees, how that wind made the two trees one....
I fell into the song, as much as into her eyes... 
Then our names became intertwined within the song.... I knew then that 
this was our song.... now and forever.... words couldn't do the feeling 
justice....

As we finished... and we kissed... there wasn't a dry eye in the 
house.... even the logs Azaka and Kamadakye were crying... I think it's 
was crying... I couldn't tell...
I also became aware of my singing heritage from my Father's side... not 
my Mother's... the art portion came from her I guess...
I joined in on a few more songs... not inhibited after that first.... 
the sake` poured around helped matters... sort of...
Yep... I was with family....

The next day... we arrived.... there it was, Galaxy Police Central 
Command.... impressive station... large fleet too... our hunt started 
there.... 
What I would find there would cause us all more trouble than it was 
worth... at least until the end....
I seem to end these entries with that, don't I.... trust moi, I had 
reason enough...

(End Part Seventeen)
