(Part One - Destiny on the Wind 'Remake')

My name is Aleaic; and I came from the northern provinces of Japan. 
I came from a simple background, with an unsimple past. One that for 
reasons I have yet to understand yet, had led me to live in an 
orphanage for most of my childhood. Having lost my parents at an infant 
age.
I understood the basic concepts of the world by the time I left that, 
the only real home I knew of. all to find my place in the world.

It was when I had reached my seventeenth birthday, that I began to 
start having the dreams, enveloped with the hue of teal. not any real 
sense of detail; but of a direction to head into.
The next morning, in my sweat, I decided to leave. I apparently had a 
road to discover.
I made good my packing, said my goodbyes to my long time nanny at the 
orphanage, and threw myself into an unfathomable destiny. 
My destinations were of the ten Shinto Shrines..

It took a good portion of a year to reach the first five, shrouded in 
the mists of mystery.
I made good my prayers to the Kami; whom I had learn much of from my 
nanny, and with each stop, I saw more and more wonders of the outside 
world.
Along the way, I would stop and do simple jobs to earn keep for places 
to stay. And for much of the second year of my journey, I met many more 
new friends; and the next three Shrines from my dreams. 
All of this in an arc spanning the whole of Japan, just skimming the 
major cities, though I tried Konsai to see the airport island there.

But much of the journey, I stuck to the open countryside. Taking in the 
views in almost any weather, except for that Typhoon that slammed into 
southern Japan late that second summer, forced me to seek shelter in a 
old set of caves from WWII; talk about you history lesson.
I also encountered something else. For the lack of a better 
description, I felt I was being protected by.. Something. With the 
feeling of eyes looking over me...
Otherwise, it was a BORING week in the caves; not much to see.

After that, it took me a couple of days to reach the ninth Shrine; and 
something happened this time. I was approached by the Shrine keeper; 
and told that my trip had been tracked; apparently I had a small 
following. I took the advice to train in the Shinto way for a few 
months. I felt there was no harm in doing so. Boy. was I to be 
mistaken.
I learned the arts of ceremony, the calming prayer; and insight to 
understanding questions I didn't KNOW I had..

But that all came to an ABRUPT end. another dream. an intense one.
Depicting a place I apparently had a overriding desire to reach, and I 
had no clue what this place was. I was STILL not getting any details.
But I had a course; and after telling the Shrine keeper my dream, told 
me that it apparently was the signal, that my true place was with that 
location.
I left later that morning, giving my prayers to Kami as always, and 
sought the last destination. A place called the Misaki Shrine.

It took a few more days to reach the outskirts of Yokiama; a VERY 
scenic place, about smack dab in the middle of central Japan's Pacific 
coast area; a bit inland, but the weather had the tint of sea salt to 
it.
I made good shelter in a simple tent that night, and watched the 
stars..
I dreamt in the awakened world, that I would have a place to call home, 
and that I could be something for someone; thus upon the star Polaris I 
thought too.
I would get a heck of a lot more than just that.

The last trek of my journey made good to the valley of where the town 
was situated..
It took me most of the morning just to make it past the town, I was a 
bit too captivated with the sights, and about lost track of time. in 
the Shinto rules, prayers are supposed to be made before mid-afternoon; 
and at my clock, I wasn't going to make that. not that it was a HARD 
rule these days, I just try to be proper.
It was because of this, that it all began.

I had stopped at a crossing stop, debating my course of action.
On one. respect and timing, the other. a building desire, almost 
burning in fact, to reach this Shrine. and I had NO idea of where the 
desire was coming from, I just went with it.
So I decided that I could probably bend the rules a tad. just this 
once.
Then it started rained. lovely timing no?

I stopped at a set of trees to wait the storm out, and debated some 
more.
After it stopped raining, I walked a bit more. and turned a hill bend, 
to see from a distance what HAD to be the Misaki Shrine. only about 
five to seven kilometers away..
Hey. I thought. this won't be so bad. there's plenty of time to spare.
If  I had any reason in me, I would've stopped right there. as it was. 
there was none, s
Sucked away like three year old on a lollipop, my mind was somewhere 
else.

Hence. it was a cool afternoon that I received myself at a set of 
steps, reaching deep into an emerald grove.
I looked around, and somehow asked myself if I was doing the right 
thing.
Something inside me stuffed that down like a piece of refuse.
And I stepped onto the first piece of elevated concrete; and into 
destiny.

I actually counted, 236 steps, well kempt; other than cracks from wear 
and age.
It took a good bit.. but I noticed something. as I reached the top of 
the steps, I saw to my left, a large tree sitting in the middle of this 
lake. whoa. strange.
I looked around some more. saw no movement, and only a simple large 
house to my right, and I simply passed it to no ill challenges to my 
presence.
And the second set of steps, as well kempt as the first, and I saw a 
large trail of these steps leading up into the hills above the Shrine 
gardens, talk about a stroll that would take.

I looked back to the house, and upon seeing nothing; I finished the 
last leg of my trip.
The Gardens were VERY well maintained. I was surprised to see I was 
alone..
And I approached the prayer altar, and not really think I was being 
watched, made my simple prayer to Kami. knowing this journey was over.
When I finished. lord and behold. I was NOT alone.
This elder gentleman was standing behind me, not even had made a sound.
It all started there.

His name was Lord Kasihito; and had know I was coming, heh. wasn't even 
angry at me for praying at a late time. apparently he was expecting it.
Then a young man came from the higher terraced steps, followed by a 
purple haired lady, and a spiky haired.. uhh. woman.
Lord Kasihito then announced to me, that I had a hidden spirit within 
me. a door with something behind it, I was pensive as you might guess.
The young man introduced himself as Tenchi, and the two ladies as Ayeka 
and Ryoko in turn; I gave my name in reflex, and caught myself in the 
act.

Then a weird meowing sound floated up from the lower steps, joined soon 
after with a bluish-teal haired, young lady; with this strange and 
fuzzy creature on her head, like a cross between a rabbit and cat.
Tenchi introduced her as Sasami, and I gave a greeting in kind. and 
caught myself again.
Lord Kasihito (..I'm being respectful) then announced, to the surprised 
group, that I was a new guest of the Misaki household. like I was a 
family member or something. I couldn't help but object to this. being 
of a humble upbringing, I was VERY uneasy about this..

Then. gods. why did Sasami have to do that? I swear.. not in front of 
her, but I swear that I was set up. 
I made at least an attempt to give reasons for NOT taking up their TOO 
generous offer.
That's where Sasami came in. I have a weakness for cute girls with 
sorrowful voices.
I cracked, and accepted their offer; but ONLY if I could help around 
the Shrine, as my training taught me, no real objections. and I made 
the statement, that I could leave at anytime, something I thought of 
doing that NIGHT.

It never came to that.
Over the course of the Spring, I came to know of the family known as 
the Misaki clan.
As well as made dang sure I helped around the Shrine, almost to fight 
off what I felt was selfishness on my part for being there. but THAT 
only helped to allow me to get to know Tenchi better.
I will say this. SEVEN WOMEN!!???! How in the HECK does a guy live with 
seven gorgeous females. and the fuzzy.. uhh.. cabbit. by the name of 
Ryo-ohki from Sasami..

I came to know also of Mihoshi (logical but ditzy), Kiyone (A dedicated 
police detective in the Galaxy Police), Washu (Sorry, Little Washu. a 
genius. from all accounts..), and Nobuyuki (A large architect firm, not 
too shabby). I learned of Ayeka, Ryoko, and Sasami as well; as well as 
the penchant for marvelous cooking the household enjoys.
I also learned of all their misadventures, not even worried that a 
stranger might be unnerved by such tales. which I wasn't. and that 
unnerved me even MORE!!
I gave my tales of my stories in return, taking note of the reactions 
to my dreams that sent me to the ten Shrines, leading here. like. a 
bread crumb trail. this of course didn't have a wierding out effect.
The Sake` Ryoko provided helped me go to sleep that night.

But over time, I began to become appreciative of the company I was 
keeping, not withstanding the shouting of the Ryoko/Ayeka war, as I 
have coined the term from the morning diet of shouts, banter, and the 
occasional death ray here. magical shield there. 
You get used to it.. Better than most alarm clocks actually.
I also began to take part in other things after a couple of weeks 
there. one. Lord Kasihito thought it best I attend the same school 
Tenchi did. and I did. no objections. Heck, it was a good change of 
pace from the past two years. Science and Math were fun.. English.. 
okay. ICK. I hated Keyboarding.

Also.. I began to receive some kind of martial arts training from 
Kasihito, as I was invited to attend with Tenchi. I thought it was a 
par of the Shrine training or something, and didn't object.
And it all was like this for a good month, and a week or so. and I 
began to learn more of my new benefactors. 
Tenchi being Crown Prince of an interstellar Empire, along with Ayeka 
and Sasami as Crown Princesses was a surprise. but not out of fathom. 
it fit them well.
Ryoko on the other hand was NOT a surprise. not in the least. Mihoshi, 
you learn to let her sleep, or when she's helping Sasami. it's safer to 
watch from afar. but she did a great job with the Shrine. Kiyone kept 
wanting to escape Mihoshi, I could see why. I just laughed.

I made sure to steer CLEAR of Washu's lab. and watched my step as much 
as possible..
At least that was until Sasami caught me, to have me tell everyone that 
breakfast was ready one morning. 
And I went with a lump in my throat into Washu's lab.
I will NEVER go in there again.

Nobuyuki was a strange character. and I learned why.. with Tenchi's 
mother Achika's passing one day. he apparently needed a release. in a 
inordinate manner.
Otherwise he was a good nut all around, other than trying to push 
Tenchi upon one of the girls, like it was his life mission at times. 
heh.
Lord Kasihito, (Yosho I learnt later) was a treat to be around, the 
best insight I could ever have. including a question that would stick 
with me for this entire new journey. "Do you know who you are, Aleaic?" 
.he quipped to me one afternoon after practice, I played Zen, and said 
nothing.

I learned also of the quirks of the Misaki residence. a few secluded 
spots here and there. the Onsen, the Trees Funaho and Ryu-ou-oh; and a 
good place to catch the morning dawn break. among other things..
But the lakeside was my usual favorite spot. and I walked it many a 
moon filled night.
It was on one of these nights. that it happened.
It was late after the evening meal, I had finished helping Sasami with 
the dishes, and took note of a strange amount of giggling coming from 
her. I inferred. and didn't get much of an answer. 
I thought it was an inside joke. so I dropped it..

After a shower, I played a game of chess with Tenchi. and got hosed 
three times.. dang he's good.
So I decided to head out for a simple stroll. announcing such as I 
always do.
Crazy thing is. I missed noticing a bunch of eyes trailing my 
departure.
And soon enough, I reached past the pier, and went deep along the lake.

I had just finished looking at the moon, when I noticed a strange 
chiming sound. like crystal tingling together. 
I looked around, seeing nothing.
The sound stopped. I shrugged, and continued. 
All for about ten steps. then the sound got louder.

I twisted my head all about, STILL seeing nothing.
I was about to call out in frustration. when. my... goddess.
In a thickening teal haze; along with an appropriate amount of cherry 
blossom leaves, came a shimmering image of total beauty. 
I. WAS.. FLATFOOTED!!!!

When she finished appearing. she announced herself as Tsunami. 
Despite my shock, I had heard that name. but. wasn't she the other half 
of Sasami?
Yes. I could see the resemblance. but lost all logic as to how she 
could be separate from Sasami?
I acted calmly. and fainted.

Despite.. I awoke shortly to the all too real face of Tsunami hovering 
beside me.
I also learned in so many words. that I had finally come home.
And that. she couldn't be serious. that. she was going. to.
*gulp* ..make the choice to, to be with me. ME?!!
It was HER that had planted that dream. led me to the Shrines, led me 
to forgo logic in coming here when I did. ..and that I was under much 
scrutiny by her. MUCH scrutiny..
By her own admission she said as much. gods. she was beautiful.

I tried to stand up, but could only sit up instead. my legs having been 
numbed somehow.. probably by her.
I felt a silky warm hand upon my face.
And was told I was hers..
I fainted flat a second time. completely out from shock.

In my short dreams until I awoke, I learned that Tsunami knew me in 
ways I didn't even KNOW!
Talk about being at a disadvantage. ugh.
I just couldn't believe my dreams, much less my hearing. I just 
couldn't. couldn't.
I awoke again, in my bed with Washu and Tenchi looking over me.
I about bolted from the bed. except for the energy restraints Washu had 
emplaced on my arms and legs. a proper precaution.. I certainly wasn't 
of a sound mind.

But as I lay there.. I learned one last tid bit.
They.. had known.
Tsunami had apparently appeared to the group that very morning, with 
her asking Sasami permission. permission? To be with me. ME!?!
This started a strange chain of events, with Sasami being WAY too 
cheerful that evening. hence the giggling.

Of course, I had been a total blockhead, and missed it all completely. 
more having escaped the latest Tenchi contest earlier that morning to 
notice anything strange.
It was Sasami now, that had a VERY knowing look in her eyes, like one 
looking at a fresh victim.
I then learned from her that Sasami was apparently supposed to acquire 
the Tsunami power base.. keeping her alive, while Tsunami. oh gods. 
would become, *gulp* mortal..
I could explain the finer details, but trust me.. it was all GOING to 
happen. I had no choice.

After a while, I left alone to fall asleep, but I had one detail stuck 
in my mind that night.
A goddess was in love with me, a 'crush' no less.
And that I had NO way out. none.
I fell asleep to the first of what would be many dreams. many.
Why.. why me.. I.. I just don't.. I can't.. I can't understand this..
Why with me?

(End Part One 'Remake')
