(Part Nine - Power. Life.. Genesis..)

I was caught into the pools of three lovely goddesses; I was baffled..
I also saw my friends trapped, and that snapped me out of my revelry
I went against all sanity, and stood firm against the awesome might..
A suprise awaited me...

My next action was to cancel the trap field that Tohkimi had used
As Reoko and Ayeka run up to my side, I once again asked for my friends 
release; harshly....
Then I was asked a strange question by the white haired deity..
"Do you know who you are... Aleaic?"

HUH? How did she know my name!?!? The question had the routine 
response..
For my trouble, I asked for the white haired deities name...
"Gaia" ...the way it was said made me quiver inside..
Then Tokimi had her "servants" attack us..

Several of the "old men" morphed into some kind of vicious beasts.. 
..and the leapt upon us..
For the next few minutes, we parried and fought off the beasts.. much to 
Tokimi's amusement..
Then my enraged fury ended the struggle in a single concentric wall of 
energy
I as the scene calmed for a bit, I stood transfixed upon Tokimi's gaze 
with no quivering...

Then Tsunami appeared next to me, and told me about why Tokimi had 
transgressed..
Washu was a former goddess? And Tenchi was just bait for ME!?!?!?
I staggered a bit, then shocked all involved by pulling Tenchi and Washu 
out of the "viewscreen" area... 
Then I turned to Tsunami, with a feeling of uneasiness inside of me...

Gaia broke the silence with the task of me "proving" my abilities... 
A bellowed that I didn't understand that remark...
The next thing I knew, I ended up being teleported into some kind of 
living crystal maze; I engaged the Avatar Key sword in reflex..
I heard the three voices of the goddesses as I was "encouraged" to make 
my way out...

With a shaken head, I reluctantly ran down the first corridor....
Then I ran into my first "obstacle"; and dispatched it in haste..
And for the next while, I continued this exercise; portals, puzzles, 
monsters; all kinds of strange "sites"; a few earthlike climates, and a 
few that were NOT..
It was while I was passing a dead "tree grove" area, that I realized 
that my powers were making this too easy.. I should have been dead by 
now.. WAY DEAD!!!

I eventually... somehow... reached the end of the maze, with a new 
understanding of some of my "gifts"... I decided on a different tactic 
upon exiting..
Then prior to the end, an obliging gate guardian appeared to challenge..
After a heavy sigh, I impressively dispatched the guardian; though with 
much injury to my person in the end......

I exited the maze, to a few cheers and clapped hands...
My assumed demeanor staggered back even Yosho; Ayeka gasped, Tsunami was 
even scared...
My next action took everyone by suprise... I tossed aside the Avatar 
Key, and simply dragged my beaten body before the gaze of Tokimi...
I then turned my gaze to Gaia, and responded to her question... "I am a 
person with incomprehensible powers, and it all quite bluntly scares me; 
satisfied?"

Then I simply knelt before Lady Tokimi, and discarding my hatreds; 
begged her to release my friends and family from her intentions..
The silence was deafening.... The Sasami gasped.....
And I felt a teardrop on my shoulder; and I opened my eyes to a duo of 
goddesses standing before me...

I got REALLY uneasy at the sight of their eyes... I got up, and 
staggered back from their gaze...
Then Tsunami held me from behind, and whispered.. "You are everything 
that our dreams displayed for you"
"WHAT!?!?" Was my retort, and my attempted retreat was blocked by 
Tokimi.. energy blade in hand...
I quickly was thrown my sword by Kiyone... and proceeded to go into a 
series of defensive parries and thrusts, too confused to give any 
aggression..

I did have enough wits about myself to dupe Tokimi's ego; not a safe 
choice, but anywho...
I egged Tokimi into overreaching herself, taking a hunch that she was 
becoming too "mortal" in emotions..
Something about Washu humiliating her over the centuries; a mortal 
better than a deity type injecture..
It had the effect, and I grabbed her over stretched arm, and rather than 
land a blow.. I kissed her...

When Tokimi fell back in complete suprise, I finished the duel by half-
heartedly felling a blow into the floor next to Tokimi..
I then declared the fight ended, and a VERY adamant Tokimi began laying 
scathing descriptions of my personage.. not that I was listening.. I had 
"beaten" her... and Lady Tokimi knew it...
I then asked of Tsunami's intentions; the reply made my heart sink deep; 
but I didn't argue her decision...
I then walked over to Gaia, and thanked her for a splendid time...

Then as I turned back, Reoko and Ayeka were pretty much mugging Tenchi..
The trip back to the Tsunami Treeship was halted by Tsunami herself
I was told that we wouldn't need the conventional approach.. and then 
were all teleported to the Misaki residence... I then realized the hard 
truth... Tsunami was staying behind.... a gentle hand from Tenchi 
acknowledged my tears..
Things went very quiet after that, I was joined only by Sasami for that 
evening..

I barely ate much for the next few days, conveniently rainy and dreary 
for at that time...
I eventually came out of my stupor to help around the house... I knew I 
couldn't keep her in my mind forever... I helped Sasami w/ chores; 
Tenchi with the common Shrine upkeep... even participated in an 
experiment with Washu... (ouch, those probes hurt; and those cold 
implants.. eeeyyyyy!!!)
It wasn't till the evening that, in my fatigue; stumbled into my room 
and saw the paintings...
I cried myself to sleep that night.... I gave in to my inner truth; I 
missed her..

I awoke the next morning in somberness; and walked out into the main 
room.. .yawning and stumbling..
I must have taken MAJOR double take; and a consequential neck strain!!!!
There next to the rest of the family, was Tsunami, Tokimi, AND Gaia!!!!
Like they were just part of the family, my attempt to make an obvious 
remark was stopped by a joyful tackle by Tsunami....

Then Tokimi and Gaia joined in, my severe shock met with an eerily 
strange response... "Guess we can't stay away from you Aleaic.." 
inferred Tsunami..
Then the ultimate brain-buster; Tokimi and Gaia had become MORTAL as 
well...
I fainted after that... I must have become a carbon copy of Tenchi in 
the "female" department!!!!!!!!

This is why I wondered why I was looked at strangely in the beginning of 
this journal entry...
I apparently was on their "list" from the very beginning!!!!
I have now, and forever given up trying to understand WHY the universe 
works..
Course, this was only a beginning to the adventures in store for all of 
us..

(End Part Nine)

