(Part Eighteen - The Attack )

We had just arrived on the GP station, and we got a interesting 
greeting...
To start with... we arrived unannounced... much to the dismay of the 
security personnel in charge of overseeing royal concerns....
It took a good while for us to calm down the rather highly spastic 
Detective Sergeant we encountered.... then the Grand Marshal arrived on 
the scene....
Things got weird...

All of a sudden, Mihoshi jumped out and hugged the Marshal... then it 
hit me... they DID seem much alike... Kiyone explained that it was her 
Grandfather.... I simply nodded.... then I was suprised that Mihoshi 
gave a clean cut reporting statement... one including an official 
announcing of our presence....
This was all fine... until.. they saw Kagato and Ryoko.... I've never in 
my life seen so many guns trained in one direction.....
Azusa was the one to settle THOSE nerves... Kagato and Ryoko was with 
us... leaving both sides of that equation jittery... I didn't exactly 
feel confident with that... nether was Tenchi....

It was Terrai my Father that inferred to our reason of arrival... I then 
inferred for the Grand Marshal's help.... in finding the location of my 
Tree... the word that came from my mouth was a planet called: 
Sen`tai..... from the old Juraian language of the original place of 
birth... the place that old Jurai was once...
I expected the response of lack of knowledge upfront... Kiyone then 
asked permission of the Grand Marshal to access the protected 
archives... a query that attracted a less than warm reception... 
I began to doubt our possibility of finding my goal...

Despite.... I soon found myself in front of a rather advanced computer 
terminal, interface, thingy... my Father and Azusa joined in, the rest 
went on a tour of the station... minus Kagato and Ryoko... the reasons 
well understood... they went back to the Soja... with a target lock on 
them I learnt later... jeezz...
And there I sat... for the next few hours... Azusa and Terrai pouring 
over separate terminals.... jeezz... this was a HARD chore....
I had to get up three times to stretch, the research being a labor of 
tediousness....

I think I feel asleep after the long time up, when I was awakened by 
Tsunami with a cup of cocoa.... a kiss, and as I began to sip... *YELL 
in the background!!!*
...I spilled my less than comforting cup on my lap... I think I invented 
a new dance, MAN that was hot....
Then... pulling my dignity to Azusa... along with messed garments... to 
his terminal... 
What I saw killed my self-absorbencies... and left a sense of awe.... 
there it was... according to Azusa... some 7,200 Light-years distant, 
stuck in the middle of a nebula complex... in another Galaxy.... smack 
in the middle of the Fungesian Empire...
...that last got Azusa miffed.... the Juraians and Fungesians weren't 
lasting friends apparently...

But... I had to know.... I decided to have the GP database of these 
Fungesians downloaded to the Yagami... something to do along the way... 
this got a suprised look from Azusa and Tsunami.... but my father just 
asked that I knew what I was asking for... I nodded... then announced 
that I would change my attire... obvious....
The Grand Marshal of all people helped me there... and I headed over to 
the troop quarters, into an vacant enclosure.... and I changed... 
...and I walked out in a GP officers uniform set... not bad actually... 
a bit starchy... I guess even goddesses are suckers for guys in 
uniform.. at least.. that the gist I got when Tsui saw me... man....

The revelry was cut short by an explosion that reverberated throughout 
the station, then a second... a third... something then crashed HARD 
into the station, as a momentary drop in pressure caused my ears to 
pop... I could feel my blood boil... then the safeties kicked in... the 
pressure returned...
As I wiped blood from my mouth... the Marshal, Tsui, and I reached a 
command station... one of many... and saw something I couldn't believe 
with my eyes!!

Three strange ships, black as oil; arachnid in appearance... as large as 
the Tsunami unit.... they pummeled the hapless station.... as the fire 
from the station began to return in kind... but much damage to the 
station had been inflicted, the shields buckled under the next volley... 
again the pressure dropped... then...
Several strange lifeforms... melted/phased into view... each 
identical... each also arachnid in appearance.... standing on six 
elongated legs... and two NASTY arms... like a spidery version of a 
centaur.... with an attitude to match...

...before we could react, the invaders leapt at us... I reacted with my 
Key, Tsui with a energy blade... and a hail of laser fire from the GP in 
the area...
One was cut down, the others reaches the three of us... Tsui easily 
dealt with her assailant... 
I cut down three more... blunting a fourth with a Lighthawk wing.... the 
Marshal had more trouble than us... I assisted with a downslash, then 
helped the Marshal up.... then I received a heavy blow to the back... I 
ended up over near a bulkhead some ten meters away...
Tsunami didn't care for that much... balisticaly cutting down the rest 
of the invaders with a massive energy surge....

As the dust settled... my first thought... my family's safety... Tsui 
was alright... the Marshal was busy commanding the counterattack... 
I simply asked of Tsui to accompany... the next little while was a 
blur...
Apparently the invaders were all over the station... as these things 
struck at major portions of the station, as well as the exact locations 
of each of the Misaki clan.... even the Soja had been hit... though from 
one screen I had passed... not much trouble there... as I noted the 
remainder of a main energy cannon attack shredding one of the 
vessels....

Tsui and I reached Tenchi and Ayeka in time as they were swamped by four 
of the creatures, the evened odds finished off the opponents quickly... 
So it was this way as we gathered each of the spread out members.... my 
mom and dad last... not that THEY needed it... 
This last gather was the high point of the battle, as we all raced back 
to the Marshal... 
We reached in time, as there was one enemy warship left; I instantly 
asked Tsui to teleport me to the Tsunami unit... before anyone else 
could argue...

It was from that vantage that Tsunami and I assaulted the last warship, 
intent upon capture.... and ahead of a vengeful Soja... despite my 
protests... but it all was for naught...
A final intense exchange disrupted our gravity systems... we came out 
fine...
...the enemy warship wasn't as fortunate... the exchange hit somewhere 
in it's engine section... at least that's what I thought... considering 
the detonation was even more blinding... as soon as that happened... I 
cursed in ancient Juraian, slamming the deck on knees from 
frustration.... we missed our chance...
But.. there we're others....

We reached back to the damaged GP station, learning it had lost a number 
of vessels in the attack.... and that they had a prisoner....
It wasn't till later that I met with this... creature... nearly too 
large for a normal stun-hold cell... and nearly too vicious to hold in 
the first place...
I traded eye looks with each of my family... then stared steely into the 
creatures eyes... and demanded an answer for this transgression....

"{ Destiny will die... }" ..was the response.... those words.... 
..as I stood stunned at that, the creature suddenly lunged at Tsunami; 
blindly I thought... and I tackled her out of the way out of reflex.... 
I felt a wretched stab to my right arm, outstretched.... 
..all I felt after that.. was an overflowing of blackness.... I fainted 
after that... in that blackness, I heard that same oily laughter... 
then... silence...

(End Part Eighteen)
