(Part Ten - Extended Family)

Things sure have taken a weird turn...
Tsunami has taken to serenading me...
Tokimi is on a hounding streak
Gaia keeps trying to hand feed me, it's like everything is as in the 
beginning... weird...

It has gotten to the point, where I have found a small area in the hills 
for a bit of solitude... and reflection...
I have become accustomed to the attention, but not quite in the amounts 
given..
It was on a late summer day that I had taken one of these jaunts; 
especially since Reoko and Ayeka still won't learn..
I also found that the solitude gave me increased insights into my 
abilities..

I had finished with the chores, and had slipped out; strangely, with no 
interference....
And had nearly reached my "quiet" area, when a large rumbling in the air 
diverted my attentions....
As I looked around, a large shadow preceded the arrival of a HUGE 
spaceship, it looked similar in design as the Tsunami Treeship, but was 
more "bold" in appearance...
I then thought of engaging myself to the situation... to meet the 
arrivals..

I stopped, and decided that my insistence was unneeded, as the arrivals 
didn't seem hostile...
Besides, after the recent events; I needed a break with normalcy...
I continued my trip to my area, and proceeded to start my normal 
excersises..
I became focused, sure, calm, making sure that I had pure peace in my 
heart..

The world around me went quiet, as I meditated my center; and upon 
finding that center... I engaged my Key...
I went into a long sword dance, feeling the Jurai currents flow through 
me; becoming the air and the flow...
I lost myself in the poetry of the moment, the majesty of the feeling..
And in doing so.. I felt the purity that the Jurai power could manifest 
itself into..

I then morphed my Key into a large double-blade; and went into pure form 
and function..
The moment went like I wouldn't ever feel this way again...
And, as said; it did... I found myself sad, after enjoying the moment 
profusely..
I then decided that I would show my affections properly..

I "formed" three pure diamond roses, and I took pleasure in the act...
And then decided that I would visit the family... and turned around...
And saw the ENTIRE family standing there, as well as four new people..
It took me a bit to recover my breath from the shock, as well as from 
the head welt from scampering backwards too fast into a tree branch...

It was then that Ayeka introduced our guests, the First Emperor of Jurai 
Azusa... his two wives: Ayeka and Sasami's mother Misaki, and... to my 
suprise.. Yosho's mother: Funaho..... a small chuckle leaked out, but I 
apologized quickly... with a whack in the head from Tsunami to help..
I then quipped about the fourth personage.. 

She... yes a she... had the hair that rivaled the reddest rose on this 
world, and a smile that got me spine-shivered..
The name that came from her was... pure on the wind: Bruinuae....
I then made a bowing gesture, one appropriate to the situation..
And found myself on the wrong end of a motherly hug from Misaki, a 
REALLY tight hug.. .

We ended back at the house, finding that dinner was ready; Sasami and 
Tsunami are real wizards at this...
I also found out that Tenchi was under a "trail".. since he WAS a legal 
member of the Royal Family, impressed and nervous for Tenchi that I 
was..
And, as Misaki and Washu fought over which of their daughters 
(Ayeka/Sasami, Reoko respectively) ....I inferred to display the roses I 
had created upon the table...
I also noticed that Yosho was REALLY reserved in Funaho's presence, and 
that Mihoshi just slept through the family hour, much to Kiyone's 
displeasure....

It was then that I saw Bruinuae staring at me, and decided that I would 
"excuse" myself for a bit... boys room break...
When I returned, I saw Azusa w/ Tsunami, Tokimi, and Gaia... I got 
nervous..
I played dumb, and returned to watching the spirited Misaki/Washu 
contest..
Then Yosho quipped something to me... about my "availability"...

What's worse, Funaho, Misaki, Azusa, Bruinuae; AND the Goddesses turned 
their gaze upon me...
As I sweated under their gaze, I half-heartedly replied that I was 
"sorta" taken... not that I was really sure anyway...
Azusa then became bolsterous, and adamant... and I received a HUGE 
shock..
As if the goddesses were not enough, the Jurai COUNCIL was keeping tabs 
on me, and ...uh... uhhh.... Bruinuae had found out about it... 
I shot up, not understanding what was occurring; but the laughter from 
the goddesses, rather than outrage; got me REALLY edgy..

I was however apparently required to "prove" myself to Azusa; as the 
representative of the Jurai council, as was the family too...
I started to let my edginess show... and was greeted by a calm retort by 
Yosho, I sighed in resignation of the situation...
And found that both Tenchi and I were to prove ourselves together, and 
of our task...
Azusa walked outside, and the rest followed Tenchi and I; and saw our 
"task"..

These two Knight Guardians of the Jurai Emperor suddenly materialized 
before Azusa...
And our task was simple... defeat them in fair combat... 
Assentu and Kamasian were the names.. and Tenchi's jitters accompanied 
my own..
And then Tsunami stepped behind us, and the gem of confidence somehow 
gave me incredible strength... Tenchi and I then brandished our Key 
swords... and prepared...

Then.... like a weird script... a LARGE explosion caught us off guard..
And the feeling of pure darkness descended on us...
The gasp of astonishment from the family, as from Tsunami told me the 
story...
And the word from Tenchi's mouth.... Kagato... 
It all went south from there, a quick assault; and Tsunami and Bruinuae 
were kidnapped before I could react... and a challenge to us to try to 
rescue them..
Now, the day that started serenely; was now a MAJOR event... a major 
battle was coming... and a revelation.........

(End Part Ten)

