(Part Eight - Power)

A beautiful afternoon; a wonderful girlfriend....
A great family, a new level of being..
A grand present that I gave depicting the family...
It seemed I couldn't be any happier; I was about to become wrong big 
time..

It was a cool summer morning at the lakeside, Tsunami and I was having a 
morning picnic.....
Sasami was with us feeding Ryo-Oki; and the rest was doing the normal 
morning "routine"
I was just starting to do my new focusing routine.... with Tsunami's 
assistance.
When everything went haywire; and I do mean haywire...

It started when Sasami quipped about an old man..
I looked, and questioned too...
The I looked at Tsunami.. and the biggest look of shock was on her 
face..
Before I could ask, everything went blank...

When I awoke, It was Yosho and Kiyone next to me in bed..
I asked the obvious questions; then learned why their eyes looked sad..
The home had been attacked... Tenchi, Washu were missing...
So was Tsunami........ I went pale...

Then I saw Sasami crying in the side of my eye..
I got up and comforted her... and saw the gash above her eye...
I barely controlled my fury long enough to learn what had transpired...
According to Sasami, one word leaked out that caught my ears..
"Tokimi"

For much of the day, I learned from Yosho, Kiyone and (to a degree) 
Mihoshi about the history of the Goddess pantheon, and about the Jurai..
I felt more and more resolved with every word, then I remembered the 
Tsunami Warship..
Sasami must have read my mind, though a bit weak; she offered to let 
Ryo-Oki transport us up to the Tsunami...
I also learned about who Lady Tokimi "was"... I shivered, but didn't 
waver..

A multi-dimensional deity of the Power pantheon, had the capability to 
control minds; warp reality, and a host of other goodies...
After I caught my breath (but not my sanity) ..I said simply... "We'll 
get them back.." ...yep I had lost it.. but for good reason...
And after Kiyone, Mihoshi, Ayeka, Reoko(both for Tenchi), and Yosho 
enlisted themselves to the "cause"
The words were over...

Later, as I learned the control of the Tsunami Treeship with my Key; we 
started a course that... somehow... Sasami could feel...
It took a while, and a few unintentional severe course corrections... 
(Man this took concentration... Reoko didn't help much..)
But we reached the "point", not that I could "see" it..
Then something happened, and a huge "gate"..."portal"... thing opened...

I was immediately on guard, Yosho and Reoko needlessly mentioned that it 
was an invitation..
With strained agreement, I got to the task at hand...
Boy, when you make an understatement; it hits immediately...
I piloted the Tsunami "through" the portal, and.... *LOL*

Now this is whacked out.... like Piccaso stoned on TOO much New Age 
wine..
Corridors leading everywhere, strange montages; strange "rivers" leading 
everywhere, the stairs too...
I could feel much power as we coasted closer to the "center"
The we... "saw" it... a "Fortress".. for lack of a better term....

I resolved at that moment to cut back on the "tea".... 
And as we neared the fortress, Sasami started getting scared..
I stopped the ship and calmed Sasami down..
She stood by me and Ayeka as we reached the fortress..

We headed down in Ryo-Oki, but met no opposition on the way.. got me 
even more edgy..
As we reached the "ground", we were met by the same "old man" I saw 
earlier..
As I grasped the Key tight, we were informed that we were "expected"..
Then Reoko went brash, and was rewarded with being encased in a crystal 
"cage", Ayeka just laughed mockingly..

We were led to down another WIERD hallway, full of even WIERDER stuff... 
(use your imagination)
Then I felt a huge increase in power as we entered the center alcove of 
the fortress..
Then the old man called out into nothingness, calling about us... and 
ME?
The first image we saw were Washu, Tenchi, strapped up.. but.. no 
Tsunami... why..

I was getting enraged as the voice of Lady Tokimi boomed...
"~ I see that the mortal realm wishes to intrude in mine, how drool; how 
cute.. ~"
I yelled harshly.. not caring.. "RELEASE MY FRIENDS NOW!!!!"
Then we saw the image of another old man... exactly the same as the one 
next to us... I quietly noted... D-3 and D-2 I learned later.

As Ayeka confirmed my observation, we were met with a powerful blast; 
one that I somehow blocked, but sent everyone else slamming into a 
waiting locking wall..
I got truly furious at that moment.. and in my fury, my powers exploded 
again..
That got some "attention", as I screamed.. "FACE ME YOU COWARD!!!!"
Then the first Image of Lady Tokimi "appeared"; Not what I expected at 
all..

Just as "beautiful" as Tsunami in every way; in "her" way that is..
But I recovered my composure, and remembered my quest... save my 
friends.. why I felt that way nevered occurred to me then...
But, I was truly enraged as my power became impossible to comprehend..

Then... what.... why.... how.... but..... Wh... WHY!!!!!????
This was in response in seeing the image of Tsunami appear next to Lady 
Tokimi..
I went beyond confused as a THIRD goddess appeared; one with pure snow 
white hair; and gleaming silver eyes...
If you think this was baffling, what happened next went BEYOND the 
realms of comprehension...

(End Part Eight)

