(Part Twenty - Mystic Destiny )

The last part of the journey began with a slight maneuvering thrust... 
the new Yagami showed remarkable agility... we soon leveled at the entry 
point, and we went in... 
More than a few of the ladies grasped male counterparts... myself 
included... the journey took awhile...
As we fell deeper into the nebula, broken wisps of gas material and dust 
showed through blue points of young light, they shone upon soft hues of 
stellar background...
And the deeper we went, the brighter and thicker the light became...

Kiyone informed after a while... that we had passed three-light years 
into the nebula... a few exchanged looks was the response... not even 
half-way there...
Again worry crept into my mindset... and a soft hand kept them back 
down...
Rosusn commented that no vessel had ever mapped the center of the 
nebula, the gravity waves were to strong...
We felt one of them... but... that was ALL we felt... Azusa mentioned 
then.. that he could sense a power source emanating from the center of 
the nebula... Washu began theorizing.... I began to hope...

The Ayeka pushed Ryoko away from Tenchi... this started a common 
shouting match, one that Misaki dragged Washu into... then Kagato got 
into it, Maymay tried to stop it.. and soon we had a shouting clamoring 
the walls...
I simply chuckled... the relief from the growing stress was refreshing..
Mihoshi snapped our attentions back to the viewscreen, as she pointed to 
a glowing energy disk in our path... 
AND IT WAS DRAGING US INTO IT!!!!!!

More clamoring shouts followed... right into the maw of the disk... and 
everything went white....
I knew I was holding Tsui... as my sight returned.... Nen then gasped...
My Father called my attention to the viewscreen... I looked... and 
nearly soiled myself....
In view... was the most majestic scene I could ever hope to witness....
A star system floating in the vast mass of gas and dust... we made it... 
like there was a doubt... heh... umm.. yeah... ..anywho.

We all stood transfixed upon the sight of seven worlds... passing them 
all on a tour encircling a loop from the edge of the system, past the 
star of the complex; finally moving towards the third world of the 
system...
The colors of each world spanned the colors of the rainbow... about half 
of them ringed like Saturn of the Sol System...
We noted that much of the system was filled with nebula material... but 
that it didn't give off much radiation... according to Kiyone and 
Nen....
I then turned to Tsunami... who was looking at Gaia and Tokimi....

Finally, as we approached the third planet in the system... the voice 
Achika sounded again... it told us to place the Yagami in a high 
orbit...
As we did so... with more grumbling from Fenganis.... we observed that 
strange patterns were all over the surface of the planet... Sasami 
remarked... like the roots of a Juraian tree... a HUGE one!!
In turn... Azusa, Funaho, and Ayeka agreed.... the pattern of the 
"roots" ran about like a spider web.... I also remarked that the roots 
ran to a single point... so I guessed... sue me...
Ryoko then did something brash... she saw something floating around near 
us... looking like a large blue Gem....

Tenchi was the first to scold... followed by Ayeka... 
Then we saw a flash of blue light lance from the surface, and strike 
that very object... I could actually hear Ryoko scream from the pain 
from the power flow... and I screamed a heavy "NO"!!!
Then the attack stopped.... Kagato and Tokimi reached her quickly.. not 
needing actual air to breathe.... 
As Kagato phased back in with Ryoko... and a ensuing scold/jest from 
Ayeka... Kiyone ripped our attentions back to the planet... the roots 
all over the planet... were pulsing a bright blue.

As Mother injected a query of obvious nature.. I felt a surge of power 
flood all around me suddenly.... a quick yell from Sasami, and my next 
view was of being on a GIGANTIC root... I must have been teleported to 
the planet... by.... something... I looked around... I noted the air's 
crispness... the sky had clouds patterned like on Jurai Prime... a few 
animal type noises of what I had NO clue... and in the distance... off 
to my right.... what I thought was a large green hill.... just over the 
horizon...
I tried to mentally contact Tsui... but felt I was being blocked.... 
miffed I was.. as I strode in the direction of the green hill... acting 
off impulse more than reason... and I had little else to go on....

For awhile... I passed more titanic roots... all apparently directed 
towards the hill... then I stepped on a soft gushy spot.... looking 
down... one MOTHER of a leaf... twice the size of a human.... with a 
glowing blue spot... 
I muttered Tsunami's name... then felt some kind of compulsion to step 
on the leaf...
I emerged upon a second large leaf.... and was faced with an upclose 
view of the 'hill'

A huge Tree.... not a hill.... it was MAGNIFICENT..... just... just... 
huge!!! At least as tall as a major skyscraper, and as wide to boot. and 
I felt it. the Sai`Hon Tree.. It HAD to be.
I then realized that there were MANY of these leaves... each with 
glowing points... teleporters it seemed... heh.... 
I also noted a second colored leaf... one with a green glowing point... 
right in front of me... 
I began to suspect... that I was being led somewhere...

Green to green, red to red, yellow to yellow... a few more times... and 
with each... I met with ever closer detail of the Tree... thick roots 
turned into thicker branches... and larger leaves... an entire system of 
teleporters set about the entire tree....
I also noted... that I was being watched.. by something.... like the 
tree was watching me... an uneasy feeling.
The finally... a white leaf teleporter... I also noted... that I was at 
the end of the trip on the outside of the tree.... it was also getting 
dark... the sky was now being covered with the nebula as a background 
portrait. the bright stars shining through. the cool air was too 
serene.. I wished Tsunami could see this.

I looked around at the majestic scene of being so high up... not even 
realizing I was afraid of heights... the power of the view took over... 
branches led EVERYWHERE!!!!! I was feeling blessed somehow...
Then I heard a twinkling noise... I looked around... the white leaf... 
it was sparkling.... almost like star-dust was fountaning out of it...
I felt overwhelmed by the beauty of the place I was in...
And I stepped through....

Trees.... MANY Trees... I found myself inside the trunk of the tree... a 
soft blue glow splayed across everywhere.... then I noted I was 
glowing... I felt an incredible amount of jurai energy... but... it felt 
a bit strange in how it felt... like reading a strange version of a 
common dialect... this is how I noted of the power I was feeling...
I also noted the way the Trees were laid out... just like in the Jurai 
Hall of Trees.... complete with teleporters....

I quickly found my way towards the well lit abyss of the lower 
reaches.... thanks to Tsui's guidance from the Hall of Generations, and 
a feeling of more direction by the.... something... watching me....
I also began to note a very familiar feeling... not Tsunami... but one I 
was not aquatinted with, yet felt extremely acute to... ..something from 
the past.
Then... as I reached one of the last levels... I THEN felt Tsunami... 
and Tokimi... and Gaia... ...and Achika too it seemed....
I hurried my pace... asking forgiveness along the way to the Trees I 
passed... a few light tendrils met my inference... I actually had to 
chuckle...

Then just like that... there it was... the goal in reach... Sai`hon.... 
set about just as like Tsunami's Tree... like... it ruled here... .whoa.
I then scratched my head... where was the Tsunami Tree... I had surmised 
along the way that there must be one...
That's when Tsunami appeared... followed by Tokimi, Gaia... and a form 
of a long silver haired female I surmised was Achika.... 
Then a glowing form appeared... out from the tree....and I felt it... 
the soulfragment of Sai`hon...

Tsunami then announced... welcome home...
And before I could react... the soul fragment plunged right into me.... 
and I experienced all the locked and lost emotions, memories and 
knowledge that the Sai`hon Tree had lock within.... my Key glowed 
fiercely in front of me... and I learned...
Jurai and Fungesia came from Terra... Jurai came from Tsunami and the 
trees... Fungesia came from Gaia and the caves.... both had formed after 
Gaia... up to now... unknown as a player in the celestial universe; had 
fallen in the same manner as Tsunami, Achika and Washu... so... it was 
five... not four... Achika disappeared into near oblivion... Washu into 
the arms of a parental lineage of the Science Academy, as her pantheon 
of knowledge showed...

The pantheons of life, genesis, and destiny (Tsunami, Gaia, and Achika) 
fell to the Earth, almost as if drawn by an unseen force... cast down by 
Tokimi; pantheon of Power and the Multi-Dimensional expanse... 
Then something else came into view... that same picture of Sai`hon 
guarding Tsunami's younger form... and... to the rear... Gaia... forming 
her enclave together.... in the same manner the Juraians were....
I was guarding the formation of TWO empires!!!!
And it was Tsunami that allied with Gaia to meet two similar goals....

I felt my true love of Tsunami show in that scene... and of... 
sisterhood for Gaia....
The scene cut back a bit in time.... and I saw Sai`hon... standing in 
front of Tsunami for the first time.... just as I did on Earth... that 
first week I was there....
I saw a tear fall simply from Tsunami's face... but before I could delve 
deeper, I saw one last image... Tsunami and Gaia... linking me to a 
Tree... with a set of Gems embedded in it.... I saw realization... I was 
linked to both the Gems... and the Trees.... hence my magnified 
power.... Washu would FLIP when she heard this...
But I heard Tokimi's voice. the Gems came from Washu.. not Gaia. 
apparently, the Gems were a construct that Washu had given Gaia control 
over, while she recovered from her trauma. hence. when the Fungesians 
gained Gem technology, at the same time the Juraians developed the Jurai 
power; it came from Washu's expertise. around the same time Ryoko was.. 
Born.. But apparently Sai`Hon had gained this ability from Gaia as a 
safeguard.. And as an agreement between Tsui and Gaia.. MUCH to my 
embarrassment. 

I finally awoke back into reality... not that I was sure of that state 
anymore... and fell to my knees... and cried in sadness and joy... both 
emotions overlapping the other in constantness....
The goddesses then encircled me... Tsunami being of course the most 
intimate... but even Tokimi shedding a tear...
I cried in realization... that I had a link to each of the goddesses 
through my link of the two elements... the Tree and Gem.... ...I knew 
WHY I loved Tsunami so much.... it was ingrained... it was natural to do 
so....

And Achika's story? Well.. she fell to Earth too... only... as a 
wandering spirit... that was.. until she inhabited the infant Achika's 
body, as the child of Yosho and Mitsuki.... and from there... Tenchi... 
talk about your full circles... 
Achika and Tenchi.... Tenchi and I... Tsunami and Sasami... Tsunami and 
I.... weird.... 
But the last part... Achika's death released her from the wandering on 
Earth... and was then... well... grabbed by the Sai`hon Tree.... to act 
as Guardian until my arrival... more weird.... all this was told by my 
Tree...

And the fact of MY Tree being here instead of Tsunami's... well... they 
both were there.... as like our love... Sai`Hon's Tree merged with 
Tsunami's old Tree, to ensure in the final moments of the old Jurai 
civilization... that something would remain.... despite severing the 
link in the end..
This was the sacrifice Sai`hon made... the ultimate act of love.... of 
compassion... ..of sad realization...
Tsunami and the new me had more than a few things to catch up on...
This all above I related to everyone on the Yagami.... and they all 
cried... making more of a unity than before, between us...

But we had minuscule time to celebrate.... suddenly... a broken 
transmission garbled through to the Yagami... from... Jurai....
It was under attack... under invasion....
And I instinctively knew by whom.... and in anger....
Mulhorand.... Mulhorand..... Mulhorand....

(End Part Twenty)
