(Part Three - Mortals that Breathe)

The next morning was of a peaceful change..
We both came to realize our actions, and of our hearts; we met outside in the flow of the 
afternoon..
Tsunami felt needing to apologize, not used to mortality's flaws
I apologized for my advoidances; not use to the attention lauded, I had to chuckle..

We took enjoyment of breakfast, along with the family...
We laughed at the continuing Tenchi "struggle"; Reoko and Ayeka need some 
decaffeination..
Then we took a simple walk, along the shore where we first met..
We ended up near the storage shelter, along with a large cherry blossom grove

We ended the day watching a approaching storm, the dark clouds were intriguing
Tsunami was startled by a nearby thunderclap; backed into me..
So, instinctively; wrapped an arm around her... a change from last night..
We just cuddled in the doorway, watching the storm pass....

The next day was as peaceful, so I help around the shrine... Until.
Tsunami learned from Sasami... apparently they made plans
Tenchi/Sasami.. Me/Tsunami... a double date... *chuckle*
Even had the blessing of Ayeka, though Reoko was tied down when she said it..

We ended up in Okiyama.. (Still can't get the name right)
Did the simple things: a restaurant, movie show, minor gift shopping..
Then Tsunami bought the most incredible dress, pure white and flowing
Said we should try it out at the local dance hall, a dance coincided succinctly

The four of us took turns exchanging dances and stories..
Tsunami was radiant, the air softened with romance
Then a particular sonnet tinged the atmosphere
I found myself taking a hand I once had apprehension

We just simply flowed across the night, not to be outpaced by the moon..
I lost my last vessel of fear that night, we were just a couple now
We also happened to forget the time; it was Two Hours later when we stopped
Tsunami fell asleep in my arms, as Tenchi and I took in small talk

The next painting I composed the next day was all my own...
I poured every ounce of passion in it, not caring about my fears.
When finished, Washu was the first to cry first; so did Reoko (Suprised?)
Then Tsunami saw it; a soft picture of her behind a sea of cherry blossoms

She went beyond overjoyed, I must have lost a brain cell when she hugged me
I felt a proper way of acknowledging her was needed; I felt anyway..
I need a way to give a goddess a night of memories, last night was good
But what I had planned was even grander, the heart was desiring of it.. 

(End Part Three)

