(Part Six - Birthday)

I was coming home from school late as usual, the computer project was 
getting intense..
I didn't expect too much, I was quite tired; then I heard some unusual 
sounds
Decided that it must have been Washu, and didn't think much of it..
The sight before my eyes told me otherwise..

I ran to the house, only to find it empty; I called around the rather 
brightly lit abode...
Then I found the cake... huh, I.. oh my...
A rushed suprise caught me off complete guard; about fell into the cake 
I did..
I was my birthday, much to my suprise; heh.. I forgot...

The cake was excellent, as was the wine they had saved for tonight
I got a new set of brushes(Ayeka), a new paint set(Tenchi), some 
socks(Reoko), a book of Poetry/Art(Yosho), a carrot(Ryo-Oki), an 
artistry book(Nobiyuki), a telescope(Mihoshi and Kiyone... more Kiyone), 
a high quality paint board(Sasami), a computerized paint generator(Washu 
- I still haven't used it...), and a complete artists set(Group gift)... 
I was touched...

But it was Tsunami's gift that got me... No way to prepare for it...
She took my hand, and told me that a proper matte was needed as a 
subject
My next sight was of space itself, I must have went wild there for a 
bit..
Tsunami held me from behind, as she described our location...

"Welcome to the Tsunami battleship.." ..and as a humoungous viewport 
opened..
"We're near the moon Luna... there's your palette"
The earth from space was breathtaking, nothing near what I had imagined
"But.. Isn't this Sasami.. uhh, yours ..ahhhhh.." ...Migraine!!

Tsunami told me to relax, and just enjoy the view...
And for a while, I was... then.....
We, I guess jumped; because we ended up outside the edge of the Milky 
Way Galaxy
And so it went... twenty of the most beautiful areas in the Galaxy...

All too soon, we ended up back in Earth space... and I actually found 
myself wanting......
We stayed at a high planetary orbit, taking in the earthviews in 
complete majesty..
Somewhere during that interlude, I decided upon a resolve to become an 
explorer-artist, as it were... but other things were at hand..
We were coming over the sun-rise apex, as something inside me flashed...

All I remember next was seeing intense light, and a suprised scared look 
in Tsunami's eyes...
I later awoke upon the home bed of the Misaki residence..
I stumbled out of my room to glad looks on the family, Yosho was quite 
bolsterous...
The I found my Tsunami with a relieved look, a bit pensive though..

I could have asked more, but was quite tired, and left it at that..
I took a good swig of tea before being led back to my room..
As I was laid back in bed, a simple kiss by Tsunami didn't feel right..
I also found these words drifting from the distance...

"Is it the Jurai energy, or something else?" in an Ayeka like voice..
I lost consciousness with that, but I heard something like - 
"Lighthawk"? - in my slumber..
It was then that I started having weird dreams, they looked like my 
parents; but.. strange...
I also dreamt of other unfamiliar things; completely confusing....

As I awoke early the next morning, I spent much of it in self 
conversing...
This was what started everything, my life and person became morphed from 
that point on...
I became determined to find out what happened....
What I would learn, as a consequence; would shake two galactic 
civilizations to the core... the quest had started..

(End Part Six)

