(Part Thirteen - City of Lights)

Where to start, I'd say it started with the morning breakfast the next 
day. quite good.
Kagato and Reoko seemed to be in some kind eating contest for a while 
there.
And again Gaia tried to keep hand feeding me, Tsunami didn't help 
either..
And it was there that we decided upon our separate tour routes..

Tenchi got dragged with Ayeka and Reoko to about every romantic spot in 
the city
Sasami (Ryo-Oki included), Yosho, Nobuyuki, and Washu took the touristy 
historical route
Azusa got dragged in the same fashion as Tenchi by Funaho and Misaki. 
(At least the guardians kept a watch over them. to a point)
And Kiyone got stuck with Mihoshi again, and from what I heard; they 
had a mess of a good time.

Which left of course, me and the girls.. Though for some reason.. 
Kagato decided to "tag along". much to the "disappointment" of the 
girls.. 
And there we were, touring the Seine, the Lourve, the Arc... many 
interesting sights that I had only as a faint memory of my childhood, 
now blaring as like the sunlight.. Unfortunately, so did Kagato.. like 
a bullhorn.. Making a total.. Uhhh. "mess" of himself.. He got a few 
kloncks from the ladies for that..
We then headed for what I thought was the residence of an old family 
acquaintance; only to find a surprise..
When I knocked on the door, a female figure with long dark hair saw us, 
then me; and landed me a HUGE hug.. Calling me uncle in the process. 

It wasn't till I got reacquainted with this person, that I got the 
whole story.
Maymay was her name, a long overmissed relative from my mothers side; 
though apparently the only one left from that side, she played a simple 
tune from her favorite flute; though that apparently wasn't too much to 
gather, she had flutes all over the place. and Maymay played like a 
practiced master. then I noticed the look on Kagato. the "puppy dog" 
effect.
I think Maymay noticed as well. seemed to hit it off... strange 
considering Maymay didn't show any fear towards him, more like an 
attraction, love at first site type deal.
It was Tsunami that capitalized on the situation, by "suggesting" that 
Maymay show Kagato around town.. THAT really got him off our case.. I 
didn't even see him until it was time to leave Paris.. I think you can 
piece the rest together.

That left just the five of us, and I took them to the Palace of 
Verrssai outside of Paris.
We spent the majority of the afternoon touring the grand gardens of the 
Palace. taking in the majesty of the complex. getting hugged by each of 
the girls in turn, and a few stolen pecks as well.
Then we reached the upper terrace of the Palace, overlooking the entire 
gardens. we just simply stared at the entirety of the place, and 
getting in a few gems of wisdom and poetry too..
We then headed back to the hotel we were staying at.. And met the 
others.. Getting updates on the adventures that we had that day.. And, 
after taking in a grand meal, and a few dances.. took in the night 
scenery from the roof of the hotel.

And, that's pretty much what the theme of the entire two weeks was, 
mostly fun at gawking at the sights. a LONG day at the Lourve as well. 
an interesting adventure involving the local police, Mihoshi.. and yes 
Reoko. little nymph.
Then there was the Azusa incident.. Where he got "noticed" by a local 
Parisian femfatale type. 
Misaki and Funaho REALLY made him do everything to make-up for that 
one. and I do mean EVERYTHING in his power.. And the guy didn't even DO 
anything. and I though Tenchi was on a short leash. jezz. better watch 
MY step..
Having said that, the Moulon Rouge was DEFINETLY off MY list. until 
Tokimi dragged me there one evening. .uhh.. you don't want to know.. 
..trust me, don't ask.

I still don't know what happened to Kagato. up to that point. oh well.

Then came the "agreed" date between me and Tsunami. much to my belated 
discovery. but I went along with it. or else I was told. errr..
The "date" started at 6:00pm; outside the fanciest restaurant they 
could find. stuck in a rather fancy white tuxedo on, still can't 
pronounce the name of the restaurant. but anywho.. I was sent "ahead" 
to make the experience all the more "fun". ..I arrived on the scene 
with a white long coat in hand. and a small "gift" I had found earlier 
that day.. The air was quite cool and breezy, 
I wasn't sure of any of this until I saw Tsunami walk up, and. 
apparently so did many other Parisians, more than a few slaps in the 
face of several husbands from wives in that moment.

Why you ask? Tsunami had the most AMAZING dress on. Sapphire blue, with 
streaks of silver inlaid, and covered by a pure white mink coat. She 
also had a set of exquisite diamond jewelry on.. ..the perfume was 
beyond heavenly.. .well placed make-up enhanced the gorgeousness of her 
features..  the addition of a white rose in the hair was a killing 
stroke for me, I lost it myself right there. and that was how the most 
incredible date of my life started... how it would end would cause me 
no end of dreaming.. .and a few new plans...

(End Part Thirteen)
