Ryoko sat up and streched after falling asleep in one
of her favorite rafters. She rubbed her eyes and
looked out the window.
"Hi Ryoko" Washuu said sitting beside Ryoko. Ryoko
flinched a little bit befor she turned and looked at
Washuu.
"what do you want?" Ryoko asked with her eyebrow
arched.
"what I'm not allowed to talk to my own daughter?"
Washuu asked with her eyes dreamy.
"ugh" Ryoko said rolling her eyes and looking back
outside the window.
"alright, well I need to talk to you"
"about what?" Ryoko asked still looking out the window
bringing her knees up and crossing her arms around her
kness.
"did you feel a strange feeling about twenty minutes
ago?"
"I was asleep, how could I tell if I was asleep?"
Ryoko asked looking at Washuu.
"well, you sleep to much anyhow" Washuu said with an
eyebrow arched.
"well maybe I like to sleep unlike someone who stays
up all night and does'nt get no sleep" Ryoko said
giving the arched eyebrow back.
"I don't want to talk about how much people sleep, I
came up here to tell you that I got a strange vib
about twenty minutes ago. And it was really strange
to"
"how was it strange?" Ryoko said looking back out the
window.
"Well, because I never felt that strange of a vib
before, and I was wondering if you and Tenchi could go
out to the feild and look around and see if you see
any thing"
"alright, does Tenchi know?"
"he's waitng for you near the door" Washuu said. Ryoko
looked at Washuu, and than dispaeared.

On Ryoko and Tenchi's way to the feild, it was silent.
"so what do you think it is that Washuu felt?" Tenchi
asked glanceing at Ryoko as they walked beside the
feild looking around.
"I have no idea, she scares me sometimes, I think
she's just makeing it up" Ryoko said looking through
the woods.
"she does actually scare me sometimes to, but
anyways". Ryoko looked through the woods really good
as the walked pasted everything. Once they pasted the
Feild, and got near the steps, Ryoko felt weak all of
a sudden. Ryoko slowed down her pace. Tenchi noticed
she slowed down and stoped and looked at her.
"Ryoko you alright?" Tenchi asked looking at Ryoko
with an arched eyebrow.
"..yea, I just feel kinda weak for some reason" Ryoko
said bringing her hand up to her forehead.
"sit down for awhile" Tenchi said walking towards
Ryoko, and leading her to the steps for her to sit
down for a few minutes.
"can you make it back to the house?"Tenchi asked
studing Ryoko.
"I think I can" Ryoko said glanceing up at Tenchi. A
couple of minutes passed.
"I think we need to get back to the house, you sure
you can make it back to the house," Tenchi asked as he
looked at Ryoko standing up and noticeing she looked
really pale.
"Yea, I think I can" Ryoko said standing up as she
began walking. Tenchi stood close to Ryoko's side
incase as she just collasped or something. Once they
got to the middle of the feilds Tenchi broke the
silence.
"you feeling alright now?" Tenchi asked looking at
Ryoko as she did'nt look so pale.
"It's funny, I feel fine know" Ryoko said looking at
Tenchi
"thats werid, maybe what Washuu felt happened in that
spot that we were just at and it had an effect on you"
Tenchi said as he looked down at his feet as he
walked.
"maybe, but it's werid though" Ryoko said looking in
front of her.

"haha, thats her alright, did you see the way she
reacted to the energy drainer when her and that guy
walked over here'' Rey said with a grin. Kei looked at
Rey with an arched eyebrow, and looked forward.
"ugh, right, well lets go if we need to,to see where
to go this is a big place" Kei said standing up and
walking out from the bushes. 'Ryoko I would guess
did'nt look that bad at all, she's better looking than
Rey I do admit that' Kei thought to himself looking
down the stepes where Tenchi and Ryoko headed. Rey
walked out behind him and glanced at Kei. Kei noticed
her glance at him, so he started walking down the
steps down to the Masaki house.'that guy did'nt look
that good at all, though he kinda had a baby face, but
he was kinda cute once I think about it though' Rey
thought to herself grinning a little.

By the time Tenchi and Ryoko were at the front door to
the masaki house, Kei and Rey were near the Pound with
the Tree Funaho in the middle. Kei hid behind the
tree, looking as Tenchi and Ryoko walking in the door.
Rey looked to the side of Kei, and looked at the
house.
"they have a nice house, its kinda big though" Rey
said coming out from hidding behind the tree, catching
a better look at their surroundings.
"yea, well I guess we can go ahead and make our
entrance now" Kei said walking passsed Rey and walking
on the steping stones.
"hey don't leave me" Rey said hurrying to cacth up
with Kei.

"did you two find anything?" Washuu asked looking at
Tenchi and Ryoko both.
" We went passed the feilds and went up the steps, we
decided to come back because Ryoko felt a little weak
as we reached the steps" Tenchi said rubbing the back
of his head.
"weak?, what do you mean weak" Washuu asked looking at
Ryoko with an arched eyebrow.
"just what he means weak, once we reached the steps I
felt really weak, and I sat down for a few minutes,
than when we were on our way back, once we reached the
feilds. I felt fine like I do now"  Ryoko said.
"thats werid, you feel fine now right?" Washuu asked.
'yes MOM, I'm fine, maybe its because I did'nt get
enough to eat or something this morning' Ryoko said
replying Telepathically.
"alright, well... if I get any more strange vibs, can
either one of you go out and look for me?" Washuu
asked.
"sure Little Washuu" Tenchi said.

Once Tenchi and Ryoko stepped out of Washuu's lab,
they heard a knock on the door. Tenchi and Ryoko
stoped and looked at the door.
"I wonder who that could be?" Tenchi asked walking to
the door. Ryoko just wacthed as Tenchi went to the
door.

Tenchi and Ryoko were sitting near each other at the
table, with the visitors on the other side of the
table waiting for Sasami to come with some tea.
"Okay, here ya go" Sasami said after handing the
vistors there tea, than handing Tenchi and Ryoko there
tea. Than sitting down and haveing tea for herself.
"so, what are you'll names?" Sasami asked looking at
the Visitors.
"I'm Kei, and this is Rey" Kei said than glanceing at
Rey.
"oh, okay. How did you two get here?" Sasami asked
than takeing a sip of her tea. Tenchi glanced at
Ryoko, and she glanced back shrugging alill.
"Well...Our spaceship crashed, because..." Kei said
thinking on what to say.
"our ship ran out of fuel, and we had none left,
because we had already used it all. So we lost control
and we crashed landed here on this planet" Rey said
cutting in.
"Oh okay, Washuu could probly fix ya'lls ship" Sasami
said.
"Washuu, is'nt she the Greatest sciencetist in the
galaxy?" Kei asked ciriuosly.
"yep".
"I thought she was dead" Rey asked with an arched
eyebrow.
"long story" Tenchi spoke up.
"Oh...." Rey said than takeing a sip of her tea.

"Yikito, when did Kei and Rey leave?" Aboshi asked
standing in the doorway.
"over an hour ago, why is something wrong?" Yikito
asked looking at Aboshi.
''I should of told them to wait till Shitaka comes
today" Aboshi said turning to the side.
"your husbands comeing back?" Yikito asked.
"he's not my husband, need I remind you" Aboshi said
looking at Yikito.
"oops, sorry about that Aboshi, it sliped" Yikito said
feeling like kicking herself in the butt at that
moment.
"its alright, have you spoted him yet?" Aboshi asked.
"no, not yet, when I spot him. I'll come and tell you
Lady aboshi" Yikito said looking at the screen and
seeing nothing,
"alright" Aboshi said than turning around and walking
away from the doorway and walking into the hallway.
She stoped and looked out the window. 'Be safe Rey,
take care of her Kei' she said to herself. she turned
away from the window, and began walking.

"Kei, I'm worried about my mom" Rey said in a whisper
to Kei standing next to him.
"We should'nt of left" Kei whispered back. Sasami had
already asked Washuu if she could fix they're ship Kei
and Rey stood back behind Washuu fixing there ship.
"how long do you think this will take?" Ryoko asked
looking at Washuu.
"not more than Twenty more minutes" Washuu said not
stoping. "or less than that".
"you wanna go back and see if she's alright after she
gets the ship finshed?" Kei asked in a whisper.
"I know what we can do, we can contact Yikito from the
ship and ask and see if everythings alright" Rey said
glanceing at Kei. "alright" Kei responed.

Kei and Rey walked in the ship and sat in the chairs
after Washuu got it fixed. Kei pushed a button, and
the ship started. He  pressed another one and a screen
poped up.
"Yikito, can you read me?" Kei asked looking at the
screen.
"Oh, hi you two" Yikito said apearing in the screen.
"good, is everything there alright?" Kei asked.
"what you mean, everything is fine" Yikito asked with
an arched eyebrow.
"I thought Shitaka was supposed to come back?" Rey
asked cirously.
"oh, he is supposed to  be comeing. He has'nt show'n
up yet. You two should of told Lady Aboshi when you
two were gonna leave, she came in here about thrity
minutes ago asking if you two left yet" She said
pressing a few buttons benath the screen.
"I told you Rei, I told you we should of told your
mom" Kei said looking at Rey.
"sorry, but is everything okay though?, has Nikito
came back yet?" Rey asked.
"yes everything is alright. No your brother has'nt
came back yet. Hes still gone"  Yikito said looking up
at the screen.
"alright". Than they all heard a beeping noise.
"oh, we have company, have to go you two, be carefull"
Yikito said than the screen closeing.
"Wait..." Rey said after the screen disapearing.

"hey is everything alright in here, is it working?"
Washuu asked walking into the ship.
"yea everything is alri.." Kei said stoping as the
ship cut off. He turned to the keys, and pressed the
button again. Nothing happened.
"It's not working now". Kei said looking at Washuu.
Rey glanced at Kei.

"lady Aboshi, Shitaka has Arrived" Yikito said with a
screen poping up in front of Aboshi. Aboshi opened her
eyes from falling asleep in the chair in her bedroom.
"Can you repeat that?" Aboshi said looking at the
screen.
"Shitaka has arrived, he's pulling in the main dock
right now" Yikito said.
"alright" Aboshi said sitting up and  than standing
up. The screen than dispaeared.  Aboshi walked in the
HQ room, and looked at the screen where Shitaka's ship
had just pulled in.
"I talked to Rey and Kei while you were asleep. They
seemed like everything was fine. They were worreied
about us though" Yikito said turning and looking at
Aboshi.
"why didn't you get me up?" Aboshi said looking at
Yikito rubbing her left eye tiredly.
"you were asleep, I didn't want to wake you up" Yikito
said.
"never mind that" Aboshi said. Than all of a sudden
they heard two doors open. They both turned there
heads at the same time.

"can you fix it Washuu?" Tenchi said looking at
Washuu.
"if I can find what happened I can fix it" Washuu said
with her hologram computer formring.
"this is goona take for ever" Rey said in a whisper to
Kei. Kei just shruged, leaning up agianst a tree.

Aboshi strightned up as Shitaka came in the doors.
"where's Rey and Nikito?" Shitaka asked not seeing Rey
or Nikito waiting for him like they usally do.
"I sent Rey and Kei to earth to do something for me.
Nikito asked to go see one of his freinds, and I let
him" Aboshi said. Yikito glanced at Aboshi, wondering
how she found out about Nikito.
"you did not tell them that I was comeing home today
did you?" Shitaka asked looking at Aboshi head to toe.
"Yes I did, they knew"
"why did'nt they stay here to greet me?"
"becuase I said they did'nt have to greet you
everytime you come back here"Aboshi said.
"you have some nerve women, I advise you to not let
them do anything else without my permission" Shitaka
said walking pasted Aboshi.
"they're not your childern, they are mine. You can't
force me to what you want with my kids" Aboshi said
turning around and looking at Shitaka. Shitaka stoped
and  turned around looking at Aboshi. Yikito glanced
 up looking at Aboshi
"there mine just as much as they are to you"
"you also got some nerve saying that to me" Aboshi
mummbled.
"I'll be expecting some lunch in thrity minutes"
Shitaka said turning his back towards her and walking
out the door.
"ugh, I swear I hate that man" Aboshi said clinching
her fist turning around and looking at the screen in
front of her and Yikito.
"you want me to help you with lunch Aboshi?" Yikito
asked looking up at Aboshi. Aboshi sighed heavily.
"no thanks, if you contact Rey and Kei, please tell
me" Aboshi asked.
"alright, will do" Yikito said.
"thanks" Aboshi said. Than turning around and walking
out the door way.
"here we go again" Yikito said shakeing her head
alill.

"Hey Washuu, Its lunch time, you all wanna come and
eat some lunch?" Sasami said after coming up to
Washuu, Rey,Kei, and Tenchi to where the ship had
landed and was damaged.
"Sure Sasami" Tenchi said.
"I'll stay here and fix the ship" Washuu said as she
stoped typeing for a moment looking over at Sasami.
"what about you two?" Sasami asked.
"theres enough food for us all" Sasami added.
"Well...if its not to much trouble" Kei said rubbing
the back of his head.
"No, theres not to much trouble" Sasami said smileing.
"alright than" Rey said smileing.

Yikito sat in the chair slouched down looking at the
screen. She Yawned slightly, and looked over the side
wall. She looked at the clock on the wall and sat up.
Yikito stood up and streched while yawning again. She
walked out of the room and walked down the hallway.
She looked at her feet as she walked down the hallway.
Yikito began thinking of her past life, and what
sacrafices she had to make in her life as it is now
complete, half way.
"Yikito, can you do me a favor?" Aboshi said as she
walked up to Yikito. Yikito looked up and looked at
Aboshi.
"can you go feed that prisinor please, I'm almost done
with lunch" Aboshi asked looking at Yikito.
"sure" Yikito said. Aboshi handed Yikito the plate of
food, and than walked around and headed back to the
Kitchen. Yikito looked down at the food, and than
headed to the Cells. Yikito opened the door, and
walked in. She looked around and noticed how dark it
was. Yikito grabbed the keys off the wall, and walked
down the hall a little ways. She opened the door cell
and walked in.
"I brought you some food.." Yikito said than placeing
the food on the stole in front of her. Anji glanced at
her, and glanced back down at the floor standing up
leaned up against the wall.
"so, if ya don't mind me asking, how old are you?"
Yikito asked looking at Anji.
"seventeen" Anji replied quietly.
"oh okay....Aboshi caught you did'nt she, she always
catches spacepirates, she seems to hate them, I'm not
being mean towards you or anything" Yikito said
rubbing the back of her head.
"I guess she caught me if thats her name" Anji said.
It was quite for a few moments.
"so, you have any brothers or sister?" Yikito asked.
"why you asking so many questions?" Anji asked.
"hey, I'm just cirous, and bored actually. can ya
blame me?"Yikito asked shruging her shoulders.
"One brother, no sisters" Anjo replied.
"Oh.. I have one sis..." Yikito said thinking.
"Well I guess I better be going, now. So I hope you
enjoy your food" Yikito said than turing around and
walking out the door, than locking it.

Aboshi was cleaning the dishes, with Yikito helping.
"mom, is Shitaka here?" Nikito asked walking in the
door looking conerned with Nia behind him. Aboshi and
Yikito turned around quickly and looked at Nikito.
"oh, nice saying Hi, yes he's here, hi Nia" Aboshi
said, than waveing. Nia Smiled and waved back.
"I totally forgot, when I went and saw Nia, I
remebred" Nikito said rubbing the back of his neck.
Yikito glanced at Aboshi, than at Nikito. A beeping
noise acoured, and Yikito looked down at her watch.
"what is it?" Aboshi asked looking at Yikito.
"something is approching the ship" Yikito said than
passing Nikito and Nia, she headed to the Head
Quater's room. Yikito walked in, and pressed a button
on one of the keyborads. A ship appeared on the
screen. Aboshi, Nikoto and Nia came in the room,
standing behind Yikito. Yikito's eyes widned as she
got a good glimsp at the ship.
"Yikito, what is it?" Aboshi asked walking to the side
of Yikito, and takeing a better look of the ship.
Aboshi's mouth droped. Aboshi brought her hand up to
her mouth and closed her mouth.
"Hopefuly that ship will pass" Aboshi said. Yikito
gulped and walked passed Nikito,Nia and Aboshi not
saying anything.
"Mom, is she alright?" Nikito asked with a concerned
look on his face.
"she's alright" Aboshi said as she looked back at the
screen and saw that the ship had already cleared the
screen.
Yikito stood in the hallway, looking out the window.
"you okay Yikito?" Aboshi asked comeing up to Yikito,
looking at her, than out the window.
"you knew who's ship that was right?" Yikito asked.
"Yes I do,  don't worry he passed us. I don't think he
knew it was us"
"lets hope not"Yikito said strightning up and
glanceing over at Aboshi. Yikito's wacth started
beeping again. Yikito looked at Aboshi, they both
tunred around and headed to the head Quaters.