Disclaimer: Tenchi and company are property of AIC and Pioneer, I don't own
them nor did I influence their creation. I do, however, own Tai, Ruindo,
Genea, Genumai, Zylome, and Arien's character.

               Chapter One: Thinking of a Paradise

<Why have you no love for me?
Did I not return from the mist when you asked?
Have I not swam the distance in the beating of your heart?
Done everything your heart demised and yet you back away?
Why have you forsaken me? Forbid me to come near!
For as heaven be my witness, you will be my love!>

-Poem secretly written by Aeka.

Tenchi was walking down the dirt-paved road, heading for home. He had to
sigh, the hardest part about every school day was when he went home. Of
course, Ryoko and Aeka made that much obvious when he entered through the
door. Tenchi started to purposly walk slower, evidently responding to his
hard thinking as he passed his sacred Masaki shrine.

"Funny how everyone at school loves when they go home. I myself, hate
that feeling." Tenchi was walking past trees, bushes, and brush, his heart
skipping beats as his 'beloved' house came into view.

"Tenchi! Have a nice day at school?" Aeka gave a sweet and lifting voice as
she got up from her sitting position. She flew back her purple-blue hair by
pure instinct and raised her beautiful eyes to meet his as Tenchi returned a
smile.

This was the way he liked it. Aeka was the sweet sensitive girl that he had
singled out as his type. Plus she was royalty, with the sweet charisma and
patience that was borne into her. Tenchi liked that in a girl. Willing to
wait until he was ready to commit, and didn't take advantage of him or hurry
  him along the way. But with every advantage, there was a disadvantage. She
  kept all her feelings that had anything to do with him inside, and besides
  that, because she was so intraverted as far as the subject stands, Tenchi
felt more uncomfortable around her, he didn't even now where to bare his
grounds. The fact that Aeka's crush was painfully obvious made everything
worse before they got better. If only Tenchi knew it was real. If only she
could just them him it was.

"Something wrong, Tenchi? You seem distant." Aeka stepped up to him. Of
course Aeka knew that Tenchi was just doing his usual pondering or just
keeping everything to himself like always. She just wanted a reason to talk
to him, a reason to get closer to her beloved prince.

Tenchi turned a shade of deep pink, instinctivly scratching his head as he
gave off an uneasy smile.

"Me? No, I'm fine Ayeka. Just thinking that's all." He went on the
defensive. He secretly cursed himself for even thinking what he had thought,
he shouldn't think about those things looking at her in that sense. He was
better than that, therefore his mind wasn't cleansed in the maturity that he
had saw himself to behold.

"Want to walk back to the house?" Tenchi implied, secretly making up for
the dirt his mind had dug up.

"That would be nice." Aeka said, while inside her head, she was giving
praise for her good fortune. Alone with Tenchi on a beautiful day, a
romantic walk through the forrest, what could be better?

"Ohha!" Aeka stumbled on a misplaced rock, missing the grab for the
tree and about to hit the soot when Tenchi jumped in front of her with the
speed that had come from excessive training, catching on to her kimono
mid-way through the fall.

"Are you alright Aeka?" Tenchi had a great deal of concern in his voice,
looking down at the princess who lay rested against his stomach.

"Yes Tenchi, Thank you." Aeka said as Tenchi helped her to her feet.
This very event reminded her how happy she was to have not went to the bath
house. Back at home, she found out Ryoko had occupied it with her devilish
presence, therefore giving Aeka the idea to meet Tenchi alone.

Tenchi noticed something. He seen her cheeks turn red, then he noticed
that his hands were accidently aimed for her backside, right below her torso
to be exact.

"Sorry about that." Tenchi cringed, then quickly backed off, his face almost
pink. Despite the situation, Tenchi couldn't help thinking to himself that
he wished he could continue holding her.

"It's alright, you were just helping me up." Aeka said, looking at the
ground. She hoped that Tenchi would just ask her if he could hold her again.
Just another touch would mean the world to her.

"You deserve an award." Ryoko was standing on the doorstep when Tenchi and
Aeka finally arrived. *She's not fooling anyone!* Ryoko became paranoid.

"That fake fall-over trick was the best I've ever seen you do Aeka!" Ryoko
commented sternly as she crossed her arms.

"Why you manipulating little twit! I wouldn't dream of it, but I'm sure
the idea crossed your mind Ryoko." Aeka called back defensively. "I'm going
to the bath house, hope I don't see you later Ryoko!"

Ignoring the princess, she got down to business, "So, hows my little Tenchi
doing?" Ryoko cooed as she laid against Tenchi's shoulder.

"So far so good." Tenchi rolled his eyes as he went into the house.

"You know Tenchi, if you feel the need to grab on to someone, all you have
to do is ask me."

"Ryoko........."

"Or maybe I can make a suggestion....."

"Ryoko!"

"Maybe I can decide and we'll go from there?"

"Ryyyyoooookkkooo!"

Tenchi sat down with Ryoko for some special cajun miso along with
Juraian's special sweet-tea. Yosho-sensei had always said it helps sooth
your kii. Yosho always being that kind of person. Although Tenchi was
preoccupied with his lunch, he couldn't help thinking about Ryoko. He was
less embarrassed around her than Aeka, but that very issue was odd to him.
Ryoko was the one that took advantage of him at moments notice, the one that
made it known how she felt, the one that wanted to make love. Why did he not
mind being around her? Did he actually have feel-- well, let's not go that
far.

Ryoko looked at Tenchi in that way that she usually did, always wondering
what he was thinking. She wasn't like Aeka, always asking about the little
things that Tenchi needed and if he was feeling alright from time to time,
making it painfully obvious what she wanted and how she felt; would it even
be considered the next step if she just told him? She didn't think so. But
Ryoko was different, she showed Tenchi the brave and unafraid woman, the
willing woman.

*At least I can be a little more formal with my affection* Ryoko thought
with a slurp of her cajun miso, but that didn't hide the obviousness of each
girls status-quo. Ryoko had to sigh, although Aeka was a stubborn snot, she
had to be doing something right to keep bagging Tenchi like this.

*Maybe I should just let her have him* Ryoko thought. She looked across
the table at Tenchi, who was drinking his tea with the calmness of a
stalking owl. He caught her in the corner of his eye and managed a smile.

*With a face like that, no chance! besides, I like him.* Ryoko pondered,
proud of the fact that she could truly say that she liked someone without
fear unlike some purple-head she knew. Of course she told Tenchi she loved
him, but he only took it as a crude joke. Maybe she wasn't saying it in the
right manner, maybe it will come when she gets to be alone with him, gets to
look into his eyes and know the time is right, then it would happen.

*Only if I knew he loved me, and said it to me, that's the only way it would
work out. And as long as Aeka--*

"Something wrong, Ryoko? You haven't finished the soup yet." Mayuka
implied. Myuka was fixing her left pony-tail, the beautiful bluish-green
arched over both sides of her head. She was staring at her dad as usual when
she noticed Ryoko.

"Nothing Mayuka, everything is fine. I'm just not as hungry as usual
these days." Ryoko could barely finish.

"Done! Mayuka, you want to play with Ryo-ohki?" Sasami walked out of the
kitchen with the little cabbit in her arms.

Mayuka nodded, "Uh, huh!"

"C'mon! Let's go!" Sasami took the headstart through the door.

"Wait for me!" Mayuka called after.

"Careful around the forrest you two!" Tenchi called.

"Oh-kay daddy!" Mayuka yelled back.

Tenchi and Ryoko were finally alone. Tenchi seemed to passely ignore the
atomosphere of the situation, sipping his tea as usual. He didn't even look
up to Ryoko's usual body language, it was all too old. He had enough of
looking at a womon who promoted her body when it was just them two.

"Tenchi........." Ryoko had quietly said across the table. She figured the
heck with it, she might as well be honest about her feelings, plus she
wanted to see his reaction for the record. Besides, it wasn't like she was
Aeka. All she had to do was be sincere.

"Yes, Ryoko?" Tenchi finished his tea and looked up. He knew where this was
going, but he was too mature and civil to just ignore her like a child.

This was it. "I, I lov--" Ryoko was interupted by Yosho calling down
to Tenchi from the upstairs.

"Tenchi-san, it is time to start your training now!" He calmly ordered.

Tenchi jumped up from his seat and ran upstairs to retrieve his kimono
gi, leaving Ryoko to be alone.

"Well now, that was a success. Maybe I can go help Washu or something."
Ryoko said before she saw Yosho beat her to it.

"Don't worry about helping Washu, I need ask a favor of  her."
Yosho said as he went down the stairs.

"I guess it's the roof again." Ryoko shrugged as she flew up and phased
through the ceiling.

"Sei, hooya!" Tenchi made silent battle cries as he tried out some new
tactics. He decided it would be good to try some moves without the bokken
for now. Katsuhito-sensei had trained him in the art of hand-to-hand before,
but only enough to to protect himself until he could get his bokken or
Tenchi-ken in any case. Tenchi tried a few karate punches and some Judo leg
sweeps, followed by Kido roundhouses and another Kung-Fu air
double-roundhouse called the hurricane-kick; he still couldn't get that one
right. Tenchi used a Kung-Fu stance called the crane, his knee upward as his
arched. He used this technique to do a cartwheel-tuck-n-roll right to where
his bokken was, picking it up and raising it to his chest as if he were
fighting an opponent.

"Not bad." Tenchi told himself. He valued his ken and his training just
like his sensei, Yosho. All of this was realling paying off, since he
remembered the first time he trained, which was as soon as he turned four.
Tenchi remembered a boy that was with him his first three years of training,
a boy that he could never beat until the last time they sparred at seven
years old. He was his cousin, a person Yosho-sensei had called Tiger because
of his ability to have the most cunning and strongest attack along with the
most agile evasion. Yosho-sensei had trained 'The Tiger' personally, leaving
Tenchi to be wary until he was turning thirteen. Then Yosho had trained
Tenchi in the art and left Tiger to train himself. Although Tenchi didn't
know for sure, he always suspected Yosho-sensei had taught a different key
to Tiger.

"Your kii is getting stronger." Tenchi told himself, remembering what
Tiger had always said to him after he beat Tenchi.

"Yes I guess yours is a lot stronger too Tiger! Or should I call you by your
real name, Tye." Tenchi chuckled to himself. He raised the bokken once
again, and began to continue his excercise.

Ryoko sat on the roof as usual, catching glimpses of Tenchi training and
also thinking to herself. Aeka was in the lead, she was the one Tenchi had
feelings for, she knew it inside, she just wouldn't except it. Ryoko had to
question the very essence of her feelings for Tenchi. She had to admit she
liked him, but was she just using him for a sex-symbol? She didn't want to
answer although she could feel a bit of truth surfacing from it all. It was
obvious he would be better off with Aeka. She was royalty, she would do
anything for him, she could please him almost as well as her, and she had a
little sister who could cook her buns off. What more could a man want?

*I can't believe I'm giving Aeka my blessing* Ryoko shook her head. Then she
looked at Tenchi completing the rest of his training and heading for the
bath house.

*I can't decide if it's love or lust. I could be just trying to over-repay
him for saving me or something, who knows?* Ryoko buried her face in her
knees.

"Hello Tenchi."
"Hi Aeka."

Ryoko flew up and got a better view. Aeka entered the door to the Masaki
household as Tenchi entered the bath house. Suddenly, a devilish idea came
to her.

"Aeka will steal him away if you don't do something." Ryoko told herself
as she landed firmly on the ground. "Tenchi usually takes twenty minute
baths," Ryoko looked at the front door to the Masaki house, "it'll take
about ten minutes for Sasami to ask for everyone at the table." Ryoko smiled
as she looked at the bath house with more interest than usual. "It's time to
take Aeka a little farther away from Tenchi's mind......."

*Tenchi, why do you make me suffer like this....* Aeka thought to
herself. Did Tenchi have feelings for her? Would he tell her if he did? Did
she have to make the move? Aeka was filling her head with questions like she
was an invited guest on a quiz show. Aeka was getting wary, she wanted
Tenchi so bad she felt as if she could pounce on him at first glance. She
obviously didn't want to take Ryoko's approach, she could tell she was doing
a lot better using a more lady-like mantality. However, the fact remained
Ryoko was the one that had an easier time getting to Tenchi, which wasn't
her idea of a success story on her part.

*I love you so much, but your closer to Ryoko it seems. I should just let
Ryoko have you if that's the way it is.* Aeka sighed.

"Something smells nice, and I don't mean clean skin." Ryoko sniffed the air
as she caught glimpses of Aeka.

"Speak of the devil." Aeka mumbled as she sat at ease, looking down at
the table.

Sasami giggled dispite herself, "Oh, you know Ryoko, just the stuff you
like." she turned from the steaming pan and winked.

Aeka winced, "If that's the case, I'm not hungry!" Aeka barely kept from
getting too loud.

"By the way, are you serving soon?" Ryoko gave an evil smirk.

"Uh huh," Sasami shook her head, then she put on a puzzled face, "almost
everyone is here, all we need now is Tenchi to arrive. I don't know where he
is!" Sasami gave off the impression that she was pouting.

"I do. I'll get him." Ryoko turned to leave. *That's your cue, Aeka!* Ryoko
couldn't help her wide grin.

"It's alright Ryoko, I'll tell him to come in the house. I doubt you were
around when I last saw him, I don't want anyone to look for him if they
don't know where he really is." Aeka got up.

"I'm fine Aeka, I can get him from the bath house." Ryoko said with a laugh
as she opened the door.

"How do you know about that! I was the only one around! You were spying
on Tenchi weren't you!? I'd better get him to be on the safe side, you stay
here." Aeka said as she went outside.

Ryoko flew over Aeka, landing about three feet away from where Aeka was
standing as she broke into a run. "Not if I get there first!"

Aeka was too angry to comment as she followed suit, tailing the cyan
haired pervert as she kept close pace.

*Good, this is working better than I expected* Ryoko thought between
strides.

She had to think fast for the rest of her plan to work. She knew that
whoever gets in the bath, they put up a curtain Washu made to seperate
theboys from the girls, which meant whatever gender went into the bath, they
divide the whole bath house so any other man can bathe and any other woman
can as well.

*Aeka would usually call him out from the girls side, but she's so mad right
now that she won't notice! This is bliss!* Ryoko was making a good plan even
better as she purposly let Aeka gain speed.

The plan was about to take action.

"This is the life." Tenchi breathed out as the warm water lapped around
his waist. His finger tips barely touched the water as a result to his
elbows resting on the concrete, with his head arched back, facing the sky.
His eyes were closed as he thought about Aeka and Ryoko. He loved both of
them dearly, he loved every girl in the house, with Washu as a certain
exception. Somehow he couldn't see himself looking into the love Aeka and
Ryoko expected, and how could he? There was problems on both parties that
wanted to make him back away as soon as subject was brought to court. There
also was the problem that he could only truly love one person, and even if
he told one he loved her and everything worked out, the other would be
crushed.

Tenchi saw an image of Ryoko flying away in Ryo-ohki, crying her heart
out at the sight of Tenchi with Aeka.

*I'm sorry Ryoko...." Tenchi thought to himself, but not before seeing
another image. Aeka was crying in the forrest for what looked like days,
then going back to Jurai with Sasami after seeing Tenchi with Ryoko.

No matter which way Tenchi sliced it, the path he will choose is going to be
a harsh one. Even if he took another girl like Kiyone, both girls would be
hurt, and he'd rather have only one if any at all.

"Why can't they both be just one person!" Tenchi sighed as he went further
into his inner monologue. He saw another image. Aeka and Ryoko were both in
trouble. Two cloaked figures stood over the girls. A person that was dressed
in the similar jurain uniform Tenchi wares when he summons the Tenchi-ken
was fighting one of the cloaked figures while the other was fighting Ryoko.
For some reason Aeka was unable to move and Tenchi sensed she was in grave
danger. Ryoko was also risking her life against all odds trying to fight off
the second cloaked man. Tenchi knew he would have to make a choice, but
which one was a mystery. They were both nearing death and it was up to him
to decide who was worthy of him to save. Suddenly, everything turned red
asTenchi awoke.

*Was that a premunition?* Tenchi had to wonder. He heard footsteps
coming from the right side. As he turned to look, he thought he saw Ryoko
there but she vanished without a trace. Instead, Aeka took up the image as
she put on a desperate face.

"Why you! I should-- Tenchi!" Aeka's cheeks flushed with red as she saw
the hansome boy from the waist up.

"Ahhhhhhhh! Aeka!"

Ryoko only listened through the wall for a few seconds before she left
for the house.

"Well now, that was pretty mean," Ryoko had to smile, "but it sure does a
number on the competition!"

At dinner, Ryoko was keeping quiet a little more than usual, which made
everything obvious to Aeka.

"That she-devil thinks she can trick me! Ruining my chances with Tenchi and
making it seem like I'm on the same level as she!" Aeka made occasional
faces at the plate as she ate her rice. She had just been through a 'I'm
surprised at you,' lecture from Tenchi. As she was unable to explain and
blurted out that it was Ryoko, Tenchi almost became angry and ashamed at
Aeka for blaming her problems on someone else that wasn't even present. Aeka
had too much emotions running through her to even speak.

"Lord Tenchi?" Aeka kept her tone low and soft, ready to give a full
apology for a false.

"Not now Aeka....." Tenchi said, his tone of voice still in shame.

*I'd expect something like that from Ryoko, but not Aeka. Barging in on me
like that and blaming it on Ryoko?* Tenchi looked up at Aeka in thought.

Usually Aeka looked back at him, red in the face because she was  flattered
that he would even take the time to look at her. Now, Aeka didn't even move
her head from the table.

"I understand....." Aeka sounded as if she were about to cry as she stood up
from she seat, heading upstairs.

Tenchi's first impluse was to stop her, but he ignored it as he spooned up
some more ramen with his chopsticks. He looked over at Ryoko, who returned
an unusually happy smile, putting her hands together and closing her eyes as
if she had a halo on her head.

"I'll be upstairs." Tenchi got up from his seat as he turned to leave.

Ryoko lashed out and held his arm, "What for? You haven't even finished
your meal yet, besides, I'm not finished with you." Ryoko winked.

Tenchi snatched his hand back, looking at Ryoko in a way that made her
feel like she was three feet tall.

"There are some things worth saying and doing in order to help yourself. But
what you never realize is that it was never worth it, and people only see
you for what you really are!" Tenchi ran up the stairs.

Ryoko flushed with anger and fustration, feeling guilty all over. She
suddenly mumbled a curse and slammed her fist against the table, startling
Sasami and Mayuka.

Tenchi turned to Aeka and Sasami's room. He was about to knock, but he
suddenly felt the urge to quietly slide it open.

"Tenchi hates me!" Aeka sobbed, face buried in her hands as she sat on
her top bunk. Aeka wiped her face as she ended the crying spree, laying down
on the bunk.

"Please fogive me, Tenchi! I didn't mean for this to happen, I want to
continue being around you. If I couldn't be with you for one second I don't
know what I'd do." Aeka layed to the slide, facing the wall, "I love being
with you, I love being around you. I love you, I love being in love with
you, and until you say you love me so we can be together, I won't stop
trying to be nearest to you...."

Tenchi quickly and quietly slid closed the door, walking into his room as if
he were a zombie, dumping himself in a laying position on his bed in heavy
thought.

*Aeka loves me, Aeka really loves me. Aeka loves ME!* Tenchi couldn't help
but feel somewhat flattered by the whole ordeal. Finally, after all this
time, he found out Aeka's feelings. Heard her, in her own voice and words,
say what he hadn't even fully anticipated. To tell the truth, he didn't know
how to react to it all. Aeka loved him, he had feelings for her as well, all
that was left was the approach. How would he tell her, how could he tell
her? What about Ryoko, how would she react to all of this?

"With all of the problems at hand, there's really no cause for celebration."
Tenchi mumbled. Tenchi needed someone to talk to, someone to talk to him.
They would share their fellings, and he could get some things off his chest
that he couldn't tell anyone present at his house. Tenchi found himself
thinking of his old friend and forever cousin, Tye. Tye was only a little
older than he, a boy whom he could share his feelings, just like in the old
days.

"If only I knew where you were," Tenchi looked up at the ceiling, head
rested on his hands, "there is so many things that happened! If only you
were here to experience them. I can only wonder where you are now, and hope
all is well."

"So, can you do this for me Washu." Yosho asked the scientist calmly.

Washu turned from the monitor, "I won't be able to teleport him here
until tommorow afternoon, but are you certain about this? This could be a
really dangerous burden we are carrying here." Washu went over the scenario.

"We have to keep him isolated here for his and our safety, Washu. When
the time comes, he will be the key tool in ensuring our benefit." Yosho
placed his hands behind his back.

"You and I know very well what this could mean if it turns into what we
think it will, and I don't mean just to the people of this household." Washu
warned.

"Yes," Yosho's glasses flashed, "it could mean the end of the universe
as we know it.........."

There's my first chapter in this series, I hope you liked it. Please E-mail
me with any questions or comments you may have for me, your input really
helps me out so I know I can continue this series with no problems. Watch
for "Chapter two- Hero's Love" in the Hero of my Heart Saga. Thank's Gensao
for taking the time to look at this, and thank you for reading!