Disclaimer: Tenchi and company are property of AIC and Pioneer, I don't own
them nor did I influence their creation.

Tenchi Muyo: The Twilight Zone

(It is a world beyond comprehension, entered only by opening that closed
door in space-time, opening the minds eye to exit reality and enter another
demension. It is a phantasy of your greatest dreams put to trial by your
worst nightmare; you are entering the world of the Twilight Zone!)
_Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum! Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum!
Wanana na!Na!_

Narrator: Welcome ladies and gentlemen to the Tenchi Muyo version of the
Twilight Zone! Of course, it would only be a matter of time before Tenchi
Masaki and the other inhabitants of his household experienced the Twilight
Zone, so let me show you the affect the Twilight Zone had on them.

Our first story brings us to space, which is now merely a road for the
traffic of life of their time; for Kiyone, however, it is merely a stepping
stone for her entry in the Twilight Zone.......

KIYONE'S JOURNEY
"I can't believe they're shooting at us!" Kiyone greeted her teeth as more
fire made contact with their ship. She couldn't believe their bad luck, or
should she say her bad luck. Mihoshi had done it again! She had told Mihoshi
to pull up 'behind' the criminal ship and alert them of their attention so
they could pull them over. But what does she do? Only pull up in 'front' of
them, blurt out that they were under arrest, and be forced to make a run for
it while the criminal ship tried to shoot them down! That's all, no big
deal. Right? She only would lose her chance at a promotion, right?

"I'm sorry Kiyone," Mihoshi was feeling sorry for herself, "I didn't mean
for us to be shot at!" she was near tears.

"We don't have time to talk now," Kiyone kept her eyes on the radar, "just
sit tight and I'll try to fly us out of here." Kiyone concentrated. She
directed the ship into a dart to the left and then putting it into a nose
dive to escape more fire. The radar screen lighted up multicolored shades,
washing green and crimison rays acrossed Kiyone's face, displaying damage
reports and ship status reports all at once.

"It looks like our engine power is failing Kiyone, you'd better switch
to our secondary batteries and turn our primary thrusters to  maximum!"
Mihoshi instructed.

"Huh?" Kiyone risked a look at the screen, surprised with the result, "Your
right Mihoshi, but you have to do it, I'm occupied here." Kiyone put the
ship in a full spin to a 180o turn, going in the other direction with the
criminals close behind. She couldn't believe she intrusted the
responsibility to Mihoshi of all people.

Mihoshi spoke into the command console to no avail, "The voice command is
not working Kiyone!" she sounded frightened.

"We've taken in too many hits! Were gonna be sitting ducks if we don't get
those commands in, Mihoshi!" Kiyone zigg-zagged away from another hit only
to catch another. If she didn't think of something soon all power would
fail, and they would have no chance of escape.

"I do it manually!" Mihoshi said as she punched in keys on the console
screen.

Kiyone looked at the corner of her eye to Mihoshi punching in commands like
an ace. Was she really doing what she was seeing? How did Mihoshi know how
to do so many commands manually by herself. Not even 'she' knew how to
completely do so many things, let alone under pressure. But here Mihoshi
was, handling everything like she had been borne into it when not minutes
before she had caused this whole mess!

"There, everything is done, Kiyone." Mihoshi looked over happily.

As if on cue, the status screen went back green. Kiyone could feel the power
coming back to the ship, flying smoother than she was in the begining. She
was able make the ship dart left and right with ease, missing more hits that
would have earlier been critical.

"Everything is under control Mihoshi, thank you. Now we have to find a way
to get rid of these jerks--" Kiyone felt another impact of the ship,
vibrating under her feet and knocking her out of her chair on her back.
"Oh no!" Kiyone scrambled to her feet, trying to get back to her chair in
time.

"I got it," Mihoshi jumped to the seat, "leave it to me Kiyone." Mihoshi
sat down in the command chair and concentrated.

"No, Mihoshi!" Kiyone was knocked back on her feet by another hit.

Mihoshi remained calm, engaging the retro's and stoping them in their
tracks. Kiyone looked in horror, preparing for the worst. Instead, the ship
went past theirs like Mihoshi had planned as she activated a missle, hitting
right inside the criminal ship's thrusters. The criminal ship lighted up
space, the explosion turning inside out like a blossoming flower, the direct
result of zero g.

"There, it's all over." Mihoshi turned to Kiyone like a protecting mother.

"I can't believe you saved us Mihoshi," Kiyone looked at her partner with a
new wonder, "thanks, I guess." Kiyone rose to her feet.

Soon after, a video image came to life on the viewing screen.

"Commissoner!?" Kiyone saluted, "What's going on?" Kiyone regarded the
commanders bold and stern face.

"Who is responsible for this mess?" The commander looked at both of the
women.

"I'm afraid I am, sir." Mihoshi told the man plainly.

Kiyone looked at Mihoshi. Poor Mihoshi, she was going to get it this time.

The commissoner looked down on her, "I have news straight from the commander
of the Galaxy Police force. He requests that you be sent to the Galaxy
Police station. You are to be there immediately to discuss your status on
the GP." The commissoner explained, "That is all." The screen went blank.

***
"I feel so sorry for her," Kiyone said aloud as she was picking at her
instant ramen.

Kiyone looked up in response to the knock at the door passively. She
reluctantly opened it and wasn't surprised when she saw Mihoshi crying at
the doorstep.

"Oh Kiyone!" Mihoshi clung to her like a lost child.

"It's okay Mihoshi, really. We can still see each other on our other jobs."
Kiyone was patting her on the back.

"Yes, I can still work there with you if you want, I'm just sad that we
won't be working together on the Galaxy Police force anymore." Mihoshi was
bawling.

"There, there." Kiyone held a hidden smile. This is what she had waited too
long for. Now it was time to succeed for a change.

"I mean, with finding out that I had stopped the most wanted criminal in the
current system and was promoted to leader of my own squadron with a bonus
raise, I'm only sad about you, Kiyone!" Mihoshi choked out.

Kiyone froze, "Why-why would you be sad about me? You get to do your own
thing and I can be my own independent person finally. Nothing to worry
about." Kiyone was shocked, angry, sad, and happy at the same time.

"Yes, your right," Mihoshi eased up enough to show a winning smile, "I mean,
it's no big deal that you were thrown off of the force. I'm glad your taking
this so well!" Mihoshi lightened up.

"Nooooooooooooo!" Kiyone was stunned, stopped in her tracks as she choked on
the words. She couldn't hear Mihoshi anymore. They fired you, they fired
you.......ran through her head over and over again followed by eerie music
in the backround.
_Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum! Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum!
Wanana na!Na!_

Narrator: It seems that Kiyone has no one to blame but herself this time
when she experienced her worst fear- Mihoshi doing something right! That's a
'scream' isn't it? Okay, I stop with the corny jokes.

Next up is short tale about a girl named Sasami, who aims to please
everyone in the Masaki residence by any means nessesary. But what would
happen if she lost her ability to perform? Lost in the paradise of
disability, a world set around the Twilight Zone........

SASAMI AND THE DISABILITY
Sasami awoke next to Aeka at the exact same time as she did everyday. She
rose to her feet, heading downstairs swifty but quietly, so as not to awake
anyone in the house.
"I have a funny feeling that I'm forgetting something." Sasami said as she
entered the kitchen. Then she stopped short.

***
"Hey Sasami, what's wrong?" Ryoko finally asked the frozen Sasami when
everyone was seated around the table. From the looks of things, Sasami had
been sitting in the same position since she woke up, the evidence of nothing
being cooked relevant.

"Sasami, are you okay?" Tenchi pitched in, "You seem troubled."

Sasami finally looked at all of them, eyes wide with fright.
"I--I forgot how to cook!"
_Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum! Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum!
Wanana na!Na!_

Narrator: Scary huh? Sasami lost that lovely power that the Masaki residence
loved her the most for- being able to be their personal servant! Get it? Oh
sorry, I told you I would stop the corny scene jokes.

Our next one is a thrilling story about the genius Washuu. She remains the
greatest mind in the world and yet is alone because of it. Locked in her own
little world, she is forced to seek encouragement from two companions that
live on her shoulder. Beware though, the search for a great mind could cause
the loss of a soul as you enter the Twilight Zone.......

WASHUU'S ENCOURAGEMENT
"It's completed." Washuu wiped her brow with a smile. She looked at the two
dolls on her shoulder expectantly. When they did not respond, she backhanded
them with her hands.

"I'm awake!" Washuu-A exclaimed happily.

"Who told you speak freely?" Washuu pressed a button on both of the dolls.

"Congradulations Washuu! Your the greatest mind in the world!
Congradulations!" The dolls exclaimed happily.

"That's what I thought you said," Washuu took the dolls off and placed them
on the lab counter, "now I'm going to go. You dolls better work on your
response time or I'll have to replace you two." Washuu sat against the side
of the counter.

"We hate you Washuu! You don't know what it's like to be your personal
encourager all the time. You should be a genius that feels better about
herself instead of using us!" The dolls both said.

Washuu looked up at them, "Your lucky I'm tired right now. I'm going to make
myself new dolls when I wake up from my little nap right here. See you in a
couple of hours!" Washuu smirked as she closed her eyes. Who did these dolls
think they were? Her? How could they talk to the greastest scientist in
galaxy like that? They were due for a fix all right. As soon as she wakes
up....

***
Washuu awoke to the sound of movement around her. She sat up to see Washuu-A
and Washuu-B looking up at her as they hung onto her shirt.

"Hey, get off of me!" Washuu pushed them away.

Both of the dolls looked up at her with a devilish interest in her, "We're
tired of you pushing up around Washuu. It's time to show you what it's like.
What it's like to be one of us!" The dolls drew nearer to the downed
scientist.

"Get away," Washuu crawled backwards, "stay back!" Washuu scrambled to her
feet. She hurried out of the exit door, entering the hall which led to the
kitchen area, spotting Tenchi alone on the couch and Sasami cooking away in
the kitchen.
"Sasami, I need to borrow a knife real quick." Washuu asked.

"What's going on Washuu?" Tenchi entered the kitchen, sounding concerned.

"Oh nothing," Washuu reassured Tenchi, "I'm just taking care of a little
pest problem that doesn't seem to know who's the genius anymore."

Sasami turned around with a smile with the knife held high in her hand, "The
problem is......" Sasami yanked at her face until it completely came off,
revealing a Sasami sized Washuu-A.

"You don't know who the genius is!" Tenchi revealed himself to be a Tenchi
sized Washuu-B.

Washuu became intimidated, "Get the hell away from me you dolls!" Washuu ran
past the kitchen and leapt to the front door. She twisted the knob and
pulled it open, where Washuu-A and Washuu-B were waiting with a smile.

"Stop following me around! What do you want from me!?" Washuu stepped back.

"To show you what it's like," They said in unison, "congradulate us Washuu!"
Both dolls walked closer to the scientist, "Congradulate us for putting up
with you!" the dolls grabbed at Washuu's shoulders. "Congradulations
Washuu-A and Washuu-B! Congradulations on putting up with Washuu, the
greatest mind in the galaxy!"

Washuu ran back towards the lab, opening it and running through. She locked
and bolted the door, breathing a sigh of relief. She would never have
thought that she would be running from her own creations. She turned around
to face her familier lab, but found that Washuu-A and Washuu-B had taken up
the view.

"It's time to show you what it's like.....what it's like...." They reached
out for her.

"No! Get away, stay away!"

Washuu opened her eyes to she her looking down at a finished project she had
been working on. Had it all just been a dream?
"It's completed." Washuu wiped her brow with a smile. Yes, she was back to
where she had started from. She must have been daydreaming.
"I'm awake!" Washuu exclaimed happily.

A large and familer head on her right side turned, revealing the face of
Washuu. "Who told you speak freely?" The large Washuu regarded her.

*Wait! I'm Washuu!* Washuu found herself unable to speak as a button was
pressed on her body. "Congradulations Washuu! Your the greatest mind in the
world! Congradulations!" She found herself saying instead.

*No,* Washuu tried to speak, *I'm the greastest scientist in the universe, I
can't be a doll.....*

***
Washuu continued to shake her head in disbelief, her mind loose from all
sound, all sight, all reality. "I'm not a doll............I'm not a
doll...."

"Wake up Washuu, wake up! You can do it!" voices encouraged.

Washuu opened her eyes and looked from her left shoulder to her right,
looking at Washuu-A and Washuu-B in pure terror. "Get away from me!" Washuu
guarded her face.

The dolls put on a confused face, "What did we do Washuu?"

"You two tried to attack me! Are you telling me you don't remember!?" Washuu
locked glares with the innocent looking encouragers.

"It was just a dream Washuu," Washuu-A reassured, "why would we attack you
Washuu?" she asked innocently.

"Your the greastest scientist in the universe Washuu!" Washuu-B gushed.

"Go Washuu, the greatest scientific genius in the universe! There is no
substitute to her powerful knowlege. She amazes all, she knows all. She is
Washuu the greastest there is!" The two dolls cheered.

This gesture boosted Washuu's confidence to maximum.
"Yeah, I am the greatest there is. What do I, Washuu, have to fear? I am the
greastest known entity in the universe!" Washuu laughed.

Washuu stood up and walked toward the door, "Now this scientist needs some
chow. Let's go upstairs and you can cheer while I get something to eat."

"Yay Washuu, nothing stands in your way!" The dolls said in unison.

"Y'know," Washuu looked at the both of them, "I don't know why I ever
doubted you two."

Unknown to Washuu, however, the dolls held a wide grin across their faces.
_Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum! Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum!
Wanana na!Na!_

Narrator: Ironic she would have problems with dolls eh? Washuu seems to be
caught up in her own quest for appreciation, and it seems that she's a doll
for a good squeeze and some gratitude! Okay, okay, I just can't help myself.

Next we have a last short story about the rivalry between two girls named
Aeka and Ryoko, we realize they might not be as different from each other as
they think. In fact, I think they may in fact be closer than they ever were
before in the Twilight Zone....

Ryoko and Aeka woke up at the same time. Aeka scratched her head as she rose
to her feet, heading for the sliding door. Ryoko made a low yawn with two
fingers in front of her lips and stood up gracefully, heading for the
sliding door as well. The two girls meet each other in the hall, inspecting
one another with a deep intent. Their eyes opened wide with horror.
"OH NO-- I'M YOU!"
_Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum! Do-do-do-do, do-do-do-do, dum-dum!
Wanana na!Na!_

Narrator: It seems that Ryoko and Aeka have more in common then they
realize! What can I say? I'm a killer for a joke when it's handed to me.

Okay, that's as far as we can go into the Twilight Zone this time. Remember
though, the Twilight Zone is everywhere. You could even be in it right
now....

(Hoped you liked those stories.Comments, suggestions, ect. are appreciated.
E-mail me if you would like to see more versions of this story. Until we
meet again....)
