Tenchi Muyo:Twin Warriors Chronicles
                       by:Twin Warriors,
                              Jonathan "ThunderFox " Santos
                              Adrian "Great Dragon" Santos
                                nadiaja@caribe.net

       Time for the Disclaimer:

                                 This fan fic is about one of the 
most popuplar anime series,Tenchi Muyo.Tenchi Muyo
                 belongs to AIC and Pioneer so we don't mean no 
harm to them.We are only using the characters
                 to make a very interesting fan fic.Only the two 
characters that appear in this fan fic are created
                 and owned by me and my brother Jonathan.The 
characters they might talk about and the techniques
                 they might use belong to other anime and/or video 
games,so we don't mean no harm neither to them,
                we are only using them for the fan fic to be more 
interesting. PLEASE DO NOT SEW US!!Thank you for your support  
                and enjoy the fan fic.

                                                                                                                                                         
Signed,
                                                                                                                                                         
Adrian "Great Dragon" Santos(A.K.A  Ryu or AD)


                                                           
Chapter1:No Need For Twins


                        It was a sunny day in Okayama at the 
Masaki residence,Tenchi was doing his daily chores

            at the carrot fields ."Looks like we're gonna have a 
lot of carrots today,I bet Ryo-ohki gonna love

                this." said Tenchi to himself."This is gonna be 
another normal day like any other day in my life."

                               Suddenly,Sasami appeared,with Ryo-
ohki on her head,looking for Tenchi.Tenchi saw her

              with surprise and he said "What happened Sasami-
chan?".

                             "Tenchi-ni-chan,I'm so glad I found 
you,Ryoko-san and onesama are fighting again,they're
             
              making a big mess in the house." said Sasami 
desperately.

                            "Nani!I knew this will happen,I hope 
they didn't destroyed anything." said Tenchi with a sigh and a 
 
          sweatdrop.

                           Ryo-ohki jumped out of Sasami's head 
while Tenchi and Sasami left and the little cabbit was ready

         to eat carrots."Mya,Mya!" cried Ryo-ohki with delight.

                           Tenchi saw Ryo-ohki and picked her 
up."I'm sorry Ryo-ohki,this is no time to eat carrots,this is very

         important.You can eat them later,ok?".Ryo-ohki meowed 
with depression and went with them.
                  
                           Meanwhile,inside the Masaki 
residence,Ryoko and Ayeka are in a middle of a grudge argument and

        the living room was a mess."What's the matter little 
princess,couldn't take the heat?" said Ryoko in a nasty voice and

       a evil look.

                         "Well I'm perfectly fine,if you ask me 
Ryoko,but you look tired as well." said Ayeka in a serious voice.
 
                   "I'm just catching my breath,so we're even." 
said Ryoko with a jealous face.

                       Then a dramatic pause came and everything 
was silent.Then finally Ayeka answered "So the first who

       beats her opponent..."."Shall be the one to get Tenchi!" 
said Ryoko."Let's go!" they both said and they dashed

      each other.Ryoko started to shoot energy balls to Ayeka,but 
Ayeka deflect them with her shield barrier.Ayeka

      summoned her mini-guardians to shock Ryoko,but Ryoko 
teleported before it happens.Ryoko shot another 

      energy ball,but Ayeka quickly dodged it,she pointed to Ryoko 
and said sinisterly "Ha,Haaa.You miss me."

                     "NOT THIS TIME!!! shouted Ryoko when she was 
preparing for her next attack.She was going to

     throw a karate chop at Ayeka,but Tenchi and Sasami came just 
in time."STOP IT!!!" shouted Tenchi.Then both

    troublemakers stopped fighting when they heard Tenchi.

                    "Oh,hi Tenchi." said Ryoko and Ayeka with 
their eyes shinning with love.

                    "Don't "hi" me you two,I saw what you're 
doing,look at the mess you did to the living room."said Tenchi 
seriously.

                   Ryoko float closely to Tenchi,she touched his 
chest and she moved  her finger around and said with a innocent 

    voice "It wasn't my fault that I was figthing against Ayeka . 
She started the whole thing ." Ayeka was surprised from what

    she heard.

                "Lord Tenchi,please.I hadn't done a single thing 
to Ryoko.Do you think you could believe such lies from that ugly

    monster?!" hissed Ayeka.

               "Oh you lie!Even you could be a spoiled brat!" 
shouted Ryoko.They both started to argue,Tenchi sighed with grief

   and said "Why me? Why do I ended up with these two girls? 
".Then Sasami asked to Tenchi, "Tenchi-ni-chan,would you

   clean up the mess while I cook lunch?".Tenchi heard Sasami and 
he began to clean up,Sasami smiled to Tenchi and went

   to the kitchen to cook.Tenchi feel a lot better from Sasami's 
cute smile and continued to clean up the living room . Ryo-ohki

   tried to help Tenchi in her humanoid form and Tenchi was happy 
to have a little helper.

              "Well,Mihoshi and Kiyone are coming back soon from 
their patrol period,so I hope they'll be all right." said Tenchi.
 
  Just then,Sasami came out of the kitchen and said to everyone " 
Looks like we ran out of sake,someone has to go out and

  buy some .". Ryoko heard Sasami while she was arguing with 
Ayeka,then she pushed Ayeka out the way and said to Sasami

  "DID YOU SAY WE'RE OUT OF SAKE!".Sasami nodded nervously and 
Ryoko said "Then I'll go buy the sake." Ayeka heard

  Ryoko,she got up from her push and told her "Oh no you don't,the 
last time we let you leave alone to buy sake you ended up

 drunk on the way home while drinking the sake you bought.".Tenchi 
and Sasami both agreed  from Ayeka,even Ryo-ohki

 agreed though she didn't understand what Ayeka said.

              "Oh, c'mon . It happened only once,I was thirsty 
from the long walk." said Ryoko seriously.Everyone feel suspicious

 to Ryoko,then Tenchi said to Ryoko "If we let you leave,do you 
promise not to drink sake on the way home?"

             "I promise,Tenchi." said Ryoko innocently while she 
raised her left hand,but her right hand is behind her back 
crossing

  two fingers . Everyone trusted Ryoko and  she left with the 
money handed by Tenchi.

             "I hope she keep her promise,Tenchi." worries 
Sasami.Then Tenchi answered "Don't worry,Sasami,remember the story

  of trust that I told you,we trusted Ryoko so she'll be 
okay.".Ayeka jealously turned her head and said "The last time we 
trusted

  Ryoko,we ended up followed by the Galaxy Police after she 
returned from buying food,but she stole money of the bank of Jurai

 instead of bringing food.".(See Episode 17:No need for Hunger to 
see more about this incident in Tenchi Universe-Jonathan Santos 
 
^_^)

            "Yeah,you're right." said Tenchi nervously with a 
sweatdrop . Moments later after Ryoko left to buy sake,Washu was 
workng

 in her laboratory.While typing in her holographic desktop,she 
raise her arms,yawned and said "Ah...So many experiments to do,

 so little time.".Just then,her lab phone was ringing,she picked 
it up and answered "You are calling to the lab of Washu,the 
greatest

 scientist of the universe,Washu speaking...Oh,Yuji.How are you 
and how's it going with my invention that I gave you.".
 
           "Hi,Washu.I'm fine and these X-Ray goggles you sent me 
are great." said Yuji. 

           "Glad to hear it,Yuji." said Washu.Then Washu 
recalled:"The X-Ray goggles that I invented,can see through 
anything,with

night vision,scouter and telescopic long range lens,the ultimate 
visual technology for your teamates in the BURN UP-W 

SWAT Team." said Washu proudly."That was pretty good Washu.....but 
um....but I wasn't using them for my job." said Yuji

nervously.Then Washu stopped ,with a sweatdrop and said "And what 
for you using my goggles?".Yuji tried to explain

"Well,I was using your goggles to see through girls' dresses and 
underwear.The last time I used them,at the office,I secretly

sneaked up to Rio while she was snoozing,but all I could see 
through her  was nothing but her guts and bones.When she woke up,

she saw me  in front of..er..chest and she almost killed me and I 
didn't got out of bed for three days.That's why I called you,I 
wanna

know if there's anyway to change the X-Ray power on it so I can 
see every part of the body." .

      "Hey,I didn't invent these goggles for your perverted 
pleasures you know!" shouted Washu furiously."BUT...But....." 
mumbled

Yuji."No buts,if you don't use them properly,I'll turn you into a 
water sprite from your conduct."cried Washu and she hanged up

her phone.Then Washu sighs with relief and said "Nobody ever 
apreciates my scientific acomplishments.".Just then,Ayeka 

appeared in the lab,"There you are Miss Washu,Mihoshi and Kiyone 
already came and everyone are waiting for breakfast,

will you join us?".Washu turned her back to Ayeka and said 
"Ayeka,how many times I told you not to call me "Miss Washu".

Remember,call me "Little Washu." said Washu with her cute act."Yes 
Little Washu.<Why I want to call her "Little" when she's

20,000 years old?>" said Ayeka .But then Washu said "What did you 
said?!"."Oh,nothing Washu." said Ayeka and then she left.

After that,Washu's desktop made some beeps and she tried to check 
what is wrong.In the screen shows an area that is away

from the front gate where Azake and Kamidake are 
guarding."Well,Well,two very large amount of energy suddenly 
appeared

near the house........WHAT!.....It can't be...it's  off the 
scale."said Washu."Heeheehee,looks like I found my next guinie 
pigs.Maybe

this energy could be close to Tenchi's,even though he's avoiding 
me to test him just because of my cute looks.".(Yeah,right.Tenchi

knows what happens if he ends up in her tests.Washu will do 
anything to find Tenchi's secret,even using her "magic fingers" on 
him.

Another favorite of Tenchi Muyo-Adrian "Great Dragon" Santos  ^o^)

     Meanwhile, outside of the gate of the Masaki residence, two 
young travelers appeared to be lost in a middle of an arguement.

"Man,now where are we?" said the spiky haired youth with a 
pigtail."I knew we shoulda took  a right turn on Okaya" said the 
other

spiky haired youth."Well,now that we're lost bro,we should find 
some place to get directions" said the first.But then the other 
was

shocked and said,"Bro,can you sense some strange battle energy 
around here?".Then the first one said," You too ? The energy is 

much closer than ever.We should hide in those bushes quickly.".So 
the the two double trouble brothers quickly hid inside the bush

when Ryoko passed by the bush walking drunkly while drinking 
sake."Ahhhhh...there's nothing better than drinking sake making a

girl like me feel 200 years younger again.<hic>"said Ryoko with 
merry.But then,Ryoko stopped  and turned her head without a

care."Okay you two,quit hiding,I know you're there." said 
Ryoko.Inside the bush,the two brothers thought in their 
minds:"<How did 

she know that we're hiding,we stayed quiet and lowered our battle 
power.>".Then Ryoko cried,"Oh.The silent types ,eh.Can't come

out of your shells.....ALL RIGHT! I'll make you two come 
out!".Then Ryoko threw an energy ball to the bush and the bush 
exploded

and they fell out of the bush running from Ryoko."You can run,but 
you can't hide from me.<giggles>It's just like the time I chased

Tenchi at his school in the good old days.".(Our old time favorite 
in Tenchi Muyo #1-Jonathan "ThunderFox JT" Santos ^_^).Luckily,

when Ryoko chased after them,the two brothers were hiding on top 
of a tree,right under Ryoko's nose.

            "Hmm...Now where did they go?" said Ryoko with 
confusion.After Ryoko left,the two brothers jumped out of the tree 
and 

started to complain."Who was that wierd girl!? She almost blew us 
up to pieces!"said the the first."Whoever she was,if she comes 

back for us,will be ready,or my name isn't Jonathan "ThunderFox 
J.T" Santos." said the other.

      Meanwhile,at the front gate of the Masaki residence,Azake 
and Kamidake are enjoying their peaceful morning."Ahhh,isn't this

morning's soo delightful." said Kamidake."Yes Kamidake,it's been a 
long time that our roots grew to this planet's soil since the 
battle

against Kagato." said Azake.Then,Ryoko flew right passed the gate 
very quickly."What was that,Azake?!" said Kamidake."It looks 
 
like Miss Ryoko...and she's drunk again.Won't Princess Ayeka and 
Lord Tenchi be surprised." said Azake.Ryoko stopped for a while

to drink some water from the spring so no one could notice if 
she's drunk ."There , now no one will ever notice that I 'm drunk 
."

said Ryoko mischievously.Ryoko cleaned herself up before she could 
enter the house.She took a deep breath,opened the door and
 
said "I'm home everybody."."Ryoko,you finally came,we were just 
going to eat without you." said Sasami.Mihoshi and Kiyone are 

already here too."Ryoko,what took you so long,were you drunk 
again?" said Ayeka curiously."What do you think,Miss fancy-pants."

said Ryoko."Well,I never." said Ayeka furiously."Calm 
down,Ayeka,maybe she wasn't drunk,even we couldn't smell alcohol 
from 
 
her breath." said Tenchi."Maybe you're right,Lord Tenchi." said 
Ayeka."See,I kept Tenchi's promise so let's start eating,I'm so 
 
hungry that I could eat a horse." said Ryoko."Yes,you would eat it 
entirely,daughter dear." said Washu teasingly."Hey!" said Ryoko

and everyone laughed and started to eat,but when Sasami was 
carrying the bottle of sake,she noticed that it was kinda light."I 
 
wonder why is so light,could it be that Ryoko was drinking after 
all?....Nah,it couldn't be."

       Back outside,J.T and his brother A.D (Adrian for short) 
were discussing on what to do next."Well,Adrian,where did you sent 
us 
 
this time from your stupid directions." said J.T 
dissapointly."Sheesh,you don't have to spill it out that I'm bad  
at directions. Acording 
 
to the map,I think we're in Okayama." said A.D."Okayama,huh ? Is 
there anything special in this place? asked JT."Well,I heard that  
 
ther is a temple near here,I think is called the Masaki shrine 
.The best part is that the caretaker of the shrine is really a 
good 
 
swordsman ." answered A.D."Sounds good,so what should we do? asked 
J.T."I say we train there instead."said A.D."You're right,
 
maybe it might have strange stuff like in Nerima." said JT."Tha's 
the spirit,bro!" said A.D and they both went to the front gate.
 
         Before they could,they saw two strange logs between the 
front gate."Hmm...nice sculptures." said JT."I wonder who carved

 these logs?They looked almost mechanical,even they got some kind 
of crystal orb attached to them." said AD.The strange logs,who 

are actually Azake and Kamidake,sighed with sweatdrops from the 
curiosity of the brothers.Finally,Azake couldn't stand it and 
 
decided to stop it."Umm,excuse me young sirs." said Azake 
nervously . A.D and J.T both jumped with amazement from the 
surprise.

"Gah,it talked!" said A.D with astonishment.Then Kamidake enter 
the phase "You don't have to be afraid you know."."EEP,the other

one too!" said J.T as well."We're sorry that we surprised you 
two,we're not programmed to do that."   said Azake . Then , the 
 
guardians' sensors activated without notice . <sensors 
activated,two lifeforms in present with Jurain blood>."I see....." 
thought 

Azake."In deed, Azake." recalled Kamidake.

         As the guardians ponder on the revealing secret , the 
twins started to wonder about them ."Say bro' , there's something 
strange 

about those two logs." said A.D. with confusion . "Yeah , but 
these look to me like there're not from around here." recalled 
J.T. "I 

knew it, this is the perfect place to train,it's just like Nerima 
, good and weird." After the conversation of Azake and Kamidake, 

Azake turned around and asked the twins. "Excuse me, do you two 
want to enter the Mazaki Residence ?" . "Sure, why not?", J.T said 
 
with cheer and the Guardians opened the gate  , letting the two 
brotherly travelers entering to the frontyard of the Masaki  
 
Residence. Meanwhile, Tenchi is sleeping in front of the shrine 
from all that hard work . But then, his grandfather , Katsuhito 
(A.K.A
 
Yosho), noticed him sleeping and came toward him angrily and 
shouted."TENCHIII!!!!!". "AHHHHH!!!!" shouted Tenchi after waking

up. 

      "Grandpa!!!!You scared me!!!!!!" shouted Tenchi. "Hahaha. 
Calm down Tenchi, I know you worked very hard. "  said Katsuhito.
 
"Well Grandpa , I know you always act like that ." said Tenchi . 
"Tenchi,I'll be walking at the forest . Take care of the shrine 
while

I'm out,ok?" said Katsuhito . Tenchi nodded and went inside the 
shrine to clean . Meanwhile,the twins were walking the shrine's 
stairs 

to find someone who lives here , also to bring respect to the 
shrine . "Man,why do shrines had to have so many long stairs?" 

complained A.D . "Don't ask me,but you do need some excercise for 
your legs ." said J.T ."Ha,Ha . Very funny ." said A.D jealously .
 
"Anyway bro,is there anything good that we should know about this 
shrine?" asked J.T . "Well,they say that the shrine was built

because thousands of years ago a demon came to this area and it 
sealed up in a cave and they built the shrine near to it ." 
answered

A.D . "Well,for a guy who's a little bad at directions , you sure 
know a lot things about Japan ." said J.T . "Thanks . Remeber,I 
studied

a lot about Japanese culture before we came to Japan ....HEY!!! 
WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT MY DIRECTIONS!!!!!!" said A.D 

seriously . J.T  laughed while A.D is burning with anger .

     They both calmed down when they finally got to the shrine . 
They both prayed and paid respect to the shrine and after that 
they

started to look around . Then , J.T caught something in his eye . 
"Hey,Adrian . Come quick ." said J.T . A.D heard his brother and 

went after him to see what he found . "Man,so this is the famous 
Masaki cave ." said A.D with astonishment . "Do you think that

demon still exist,Adrian? I sure like to check it out  ." asked 
J.T ."Could be ,bro ." answered A.D . While the twins were staring 
the 
 
cave,Tenchi came out from the shrine when he finally notice the 
two strangers . He came to them from behind and said "Excuse

me,sirs ." .  "ACK!!" . J.T jumped from the surprise , while A.D 
caught him in time . Tenchi was nervous with a sweatdrop from

what happened . "Um,sorry about that ." he said nervously . 
"That's ok . My brother was a little jumpy,because he thought you 
are

that sealed demon of the cave we heard about ." said A.D . 
"Aw,c'mon . I wasn't that scared .  ^_^ ;" said J.T . after 
getting off from 

his brother,but then asked "Say,are you the caretaker of the 
shrine?" . "Sorry, If you're looking for my grandfather,he left . 
But I 

can help on what you guys need ." said Tenchi. "Thanks for 
that.....Oh, how rude,we haven't even met yet." said A.D . "The 
name is

Adrian , Adrian Santos , but my friends call me A.D ." . Then,A.D 
points  to his brother . "And this guy is my twin 
brother,Jonathan,
 
but his friends call him J.T ." . " Yo ." said J.T . "Hi,My name 
is Tenchi Masaki ." said Tenchi . "Glad to meet you,Tenchi ." said 
A.D .

Then , A.D and J.T shook hands with Tenchi .

           "I'm surprised that you are twins,you don't look the 
same except your brown eyes ." said Tenchi . "Yeah,a lot of people 
told us 
 
that,but we are still twin brothers no matter how we look .Even if 
we got diffrent taste ." said A.D . "Ah,that's right ." said J.T 
 
emotioanally with tears ." "What's with him?" asked Tenchi 
nervously with a sweatdrop . "Don't worry . He's always very 
emotional ."

said A.D with smile . "Say,do you want to come to the house for 
some lunch?" said Tenchi . "Really? We love to ." said J.T . 
"Tenchi,

you really are a nice guy ." said AD . "Aw,shucks.It's nothing 
."said Tenchi proudly while shaking the back of his head.While 
Tenchi

and the twins are heading to the house,Washu was watching at them 
in her monitor."So it seems that Tenchi have met these two              
who are the source of these energy readings." said Washu 
curiously."Well,at least this is the good time to examine them.To 
be 
 
exact,this is the perfect oportunity of a new discovery for the 
greatest scientist in the universe ." . After saying that,the 
lights 
 
dimmed and there was only a spotlight for her ."Washu,you're the 
greatest ."said Washu puppet A after appearing in Washu's right 
 
shoulder . "Washu,you're the best ." said Washu puppet B after 
appearing in the other shoulder . "Washu,Washu,rah,rah,rah!!!
 
Washu,Washu,rah,rah,rah!!!" said both of them while confetti was 
falling and Japanese drums were heard . "Yup . That is really true

and don't you forget it ." said Washu proudly . Looks like 
everything is going to change in the world of Tenchi Muyo  with 
Adrian and

Jonathan ,the Santos twins ,also they are known as Twin Warriors .

                                         
                ***********************************

Preview :

Tenchi : On the next chapter of Tenchi Muyo: Twin Warrior 
Chronicles ...
 
Washu : Tenchi invited our new guests to the house for 
Sasami'cooking .
 
Sasami : I'm so happy they really love my cooking ^0^ <blush>

Ayeka : But things started to go bad ...

Kiyone : When Washu began experimenting them .

Washu : Wow! They have imensive energy . It's time for the last 
test .

J.T : NOOOOOOOO!!! GET AWAY FROM ME!!!

Mhoshi : Things even got worse when A.D challenge Ryoko to a 
battle .

Ryoko : There is no way a martial arts beginner like you could 
beat a beautiful space pirate like me .

A.D : I'm gonna make you eat those words,demon . I'll show you 
that my Anything-Goes martial arts style would make this a tough
           fight .

Sasami : Will A.D win the battle? Find out in ...

Ayeka : Chapter 2 : No need for guest .

J.T : It's unquestionably amazing .


                                             
*********************************************************


Jonathan's notes :

             This is our first Anime based fanfic and especially 
we try to think up the story line for soo long because of our 
schoolwork and all . But any who, we finally finished the first 
chapter of our succesful story. But before we were working on it, 
we've also finished two chapters of the Twin Warrior Chronicles 
about Fred Perry's Gold Digger (My favorite American Manga from 
Antartic Press) and we hope we finish the last chapter of it . So 
we hope you all loved our fanfic .

Adrian's notes :

           Thanks for reading our fan fic . Well,if you should 
know,Twin Warriors is a created series that my brother did when we 
were little . It's about my brother and me traveling in the world 
of Anime and Manga trying to make a name for ourselves and meeting 
our favorite cahracters . To tell you the truth,the fan fic 
version is way different than the original . But one thing for 
certain ,the original
characters (like me and my brother) still have the same 
personalities and characteristics . I mostly done the work,but if 
it wasn't for my brothers help,we wouldn't have finished it . I'm 
glad that we put our hearts to this fan fic . Also,the Twin 
Warrior Chronicles started in Ranma1/2 , but we are still working 
on that fan fic .If you want to know more about Twin Warriors and 
future fan fics,talk about anime/manga,video games or other 
stuff,or just to have some fun,just E-Mail us at 
nadiaja@caribe.net .One thing,my bro is 
an anime/manga drawer (almost an ameteur) .Hey,we might even send 
you one of his drawings . Also,I'm the colorist for his drawings . 
Again,thank you for your support . I forgot,we did a very good 
cameo for Yuji from Burn-Up W . He is the less interested
character (or so we thought),so we give him a chance . Hope we 
work on more cameos .

Short description of the story : Tenchi meets two strangers with a 
secret

Kind of fan fic : Regular fan fic series

Copyrighted by Pioneer and  A.I.C
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
 
