Disclaimer:  The characters from Tenchi Muyo [tv], Slayers, and Neon
Genesis Evangelion are not mine.  However, the Union of Byzantia, and
everything about it, IS mine.  Do not use it without permission.
Otherwise, I will paste the label "guinea pig" on the top of your
forehead, and I will toss you into Little Washu's dimensional
laboratory.

Author's note: The eventes herein take place after the TM! TV series.

Special Thanks: to Aldrich Bautista [who thought my story was actually
half decent material], Stephen Nalley for tactical advice, and to all
those people in the FFML who dealt with my stupid questions.  All of
you know who you are; Domo arigato gozaimasu!

Comments, criticisms, questions, rants, wierd looks, MSTs, and even
mild flames [if applicable] are heavily desired.  I do need to know if
I am doing something wrong.

An Apology:
Sorry that this took so bloody long.  Life has been rather interesting
of late, especially with the presence of four other roommates.

And Now...

A Tale of Two Crowns, #4:
No Need for Battle Plans

A TM!+ Fanfiction

By Thor Odinson

Narrator:  In our last episode, Ambassadors Kiyone and Mihoshi, with
the escort of 2 new officers [Sergeant Lina Inverse and Lieutennant
Asuka Langley] sped off in the PAX PROXIMA toward the solar system.
Unbeknownst to them, spies were about.  Spies that served the society
known only as The Lords of The Twelve, an ambitious secret society
based in the bowels of planet Jurai.  This mysterious order, who only
show themselves in the form of holographic trees, are now under the
control of Kagato the Ambitious [aka Kagato of OAV fame], seeks to
destroy the House of Jurai, kill the head of the Byzantian Union, and
basically, dominate the universe.  We now return to the meeting of
these dastardly villains...

Kagato: Well, gentlemen...let us get on with the business of
butchering, shall we?

All trees: Yes, master.

Kagato: Excellent... what is the status of the dead Juraian?

Tree 2: Master, the cadaver has been successfully retrieved from the
Imperial Mausoleum and said corpse has been plkaced in the amniotic
tanks for the purpose of cellular regeneration. However...

Kagato [annoyed]: On with it, fool!

Tree 2: Y...Yes, Master.  The cadaver has taken extensive damage from
the combat.  The cellular regeneration will take time.

Kagato [pointing at Tree 2]: If that...PUPPET of yours is not ready as
planned, I will PERSONALLY make you regret that you live!  UNDERSTOOD?

Tree 2 [gulps]: Y...yes, M...Master.

Kagato: Now, what is the status of the Juraian Royal Family.

Tree 11: With your permission, Master?

Kagato: [glancing at Tree 11] Proceed.

Tree 11: The traitor Yosho and his bastard grandson are still on Sol
3.  The acting regent, who is the uncle of the Princesses Sasami and
Ayeka, is suffering from an energy-induced "brain hemmorage".  He is
now...ahem...receiving treatment.

Kagato: And the 2 princesses?

Tree 3: Master, the princess will be arriving in the vicinity of the
Sol system shortly, as is Leto and the ambassadors of the Galactic
Federation.  The 13th Blac Fleet, which consists of three SOJA-class
battleships and nine NEEDLE-class frigates, has been separated into
three squadrons and placed in various areas within the Sol system.

[A 3D holo-map is activated which shows the area of the Sol system
within the asteroid belt.]

Tree 3: As you can see, Master, Squadron 1 in here on Sol 4's dark
side.  Squadron 3 is on Sol 2's dark side, and Squadron 2 is
positioned behind Sol 3's only natural satelite.  The positioning
allows the ships to remain hidden from Ryo-oh II's sensors.  A sensor
probe has been placed upon one of Sol 4's satelites so as to detect
and monitor Ryo-oh's progression into the system.  Squadron 1, upon
detecting her, shall trail her until she reaches Sol 3, where the
ambush takes place.  all forces will converge in that area.

Kagato [amused]: And what do you plan to do if Ryoko shows?

Tree 3: Master, we will have more than enough firepower to deal with
that bitch, or any other "intrusions"  I stake my reputaion on it!

Kagato [softly]: You better stake more than that, 3...or I will be
very unhappy.

Tree 3: Yes, Master.

Kagato: Good.  Now, what about the rest of the Juraian fleets.

Tree 4: Master, the remaining forces that are loyal to Ayeka have been
duped into being part of the first wave of our invasion plans by
making them think that Byzantia will be attacking first.  Ergo, those
fleets will be attempting to perform a pre-emptive first strike.  The
loyalist fleets, with their old ships, will be wiped out, giving the
Byzantians a false sense of confidence.  Then, our Black Fleets will
enter the fray, and the rest will be history!

Kagato: Excellent...EXCELLENT!  BWA-HAHAHAHAHA!

[Fad to black, with the maniacaql laughter going on and on...]

Narrator: Meanwhile, inside the Union of Byzantia, a concerned
ambassador broods.  She is the Duchess Shayko, a royal cousin of Leto
[Seventh of the Name], and theAmbassador to the Galactic Federation.
She has returned to her homeworld, angry and concerned for the well
being of the Union.  Within the majesty and beauty that is the
Imperial City, she paces back and forth within her private keep.  Her
personal court stands at attention, waiting to do her bidding...

[The view shows the Duchess pacing and the 4 members of her personal
court, standing at attention.  Two of them wear are Admirals of the
Imperial Navy.  The other two wear robes similar to Roman Senators,
but they include purple sashes.  The Duchess speaks...]

Shayko: [stops pacing, looks at 1 of the 2 senators, and says] Any
word from the Imperial Household?

Senator 1: None, my Duchess.  It's still the same response:  "His
Imperial Majesty is unavailable at this time."

Shayko: [grumbling] Unavailable, my ass...[looking at the 2nd senator]
What is our status in the Royal Congress?

Senator 2: M'lady, my sources in both the League of Lords and the
League of Citizens indicate strong support for military action against
the tree-huggers* .  However, there are a number of "doves" in
important postions that may hinder our plans to preserve the Union.

[* Tree-huggers: Byzantian slang for Juraians.  T.O.]

Shayko: Deal with these "doves", but QUIETLY!!!  We do NOT need their
interference.  Understand?

Senator 2: Clearly, m'lady.

[The duchess turns to face the officers.]

Shayko: Gentlemen, are my personal fleets ready?

Officer 1: Yes, m'lady.

[He activates a holodevice that shows a 3d map of the
Byzantian-Juraian border.]

Officer 1:  Three fleets await your orders.  Admiral Konstinov, who
could not be here, leads your Alpha Fleet, which consists of one
AVIARY-class carrier, 5 DRAGON-class dreadnoughts, and a score of
various screening vessels.  Officially, said fleets are on "manuevers."

Shayko: Where is Alpha Fleet now?

Officer 1: M'lady, Alpha Fleet is currently on our side of the Great
Border in the outer fringes.  He awaits your orders.

Shayko: Good.  I'll issue his orders shortly. [Looks at officer 2] I
believe you command Beta Fleet, Admiral...?

Officer 2: Zarkoff, m'lady.  Beta Fleet, which is currently positioned
in the Triangle area*, has two carriers, six dreadnoughts, and a
plethora of frigates and destroyers.  We are yours to command!

[*Triangle area:  An area of neutral space which borders Jurai,
Byzantia, and the Galactic Federation.  T.O.]

Shayko: Very excellent!  [Turns to officer 1] Admiral Mintor?

Mintor [formerly officer 1]: Yes, m'lady. Omega Fleet is ready.  Two
carriers, six dreadnoughts, forty screening vessels, and...your
flagship, the RED WYRM, your battle carrier*, are awainting your
command.  They are currently stationed here, in the Ruby system, which
is not far from the center of the Great Border.  We can be atop those
tree-huggers in no time, m'lady!

[* Byzantian Battle Carrier: warships reserved for the nobility, used
as flagships.  Basic description.  Take the Yamato [aka Argo for those
Star Blazers fans], slap a carrier on each side, and the bow is shaped
of a dragon's head.  T.O.]

Shayko: [smiling] Perfect!  With the truce expiring, we weill put an
end to Juraian Imperialism once and for all!  And then, gentlemen, we
shall take the throne away from my sniveling cousin Leto!

[Her court nods in agreement.  Fade to black]

to be continued...

==
[As Thor Odinson types, a knock is heard on his door. He opens it, and is immediately snagged and lifted off the
ground by Ryoko...]
Ryoko: Hey, you!  When's my Tenchi gonna be in this fic, huh?!?
Thor: Take it easy, Ryoko.  You and your Tenchi will appear in episode 5.
Ryoko: Good.  So...when's my wedding to Tenchi?
Ayeka [storming to my room] WEDDING?!?
Thor: Oh, boy...