Disclaimer:  The characters of Tenchi Muyo! are not mine, as are ship
designs from Space Battleship Yamato; however, The Union of Byzantia,
and everything about it, is mine.  Do not use it w/out permission. 
Otherwise, I'll have to tie you down and force you to eat both
Akane's, C-ko's, and Misato's bad cooking ^_^ [heh].
 
Author's note:  the events within take place after the end of the TM!
tv series.

C&C is severly welcome.  MSTing is ok, only if it is in good taste
^_^.  No flamers, please.


 
A Tale of Two Crowns, #1: A TM! fanfiction

by Thor Odinson

 
[The view shows a field of stars, then the narrator speaks...]

Narrator:  It has been one month since the Kagato Incident.  All seems
peaceful in the universe, or so it seems....

[The field of stars is now filled with the passing of a massive ship
followed by scores of others.  The view changes to an above angle to
show the starfleet.  The ships are similar in desgin to the ones in
Space Battleship Yamato, with one major exception.  The camera zooms
in on the lead ship to see that the bow is crafted into the shape of a
very large dragon's head.  The scene changes to a view of the lead
ship's bridge.]

Crewman1:  Fold Op completed, m'lord.

Crewman2:  All ships are accounted for, m'lord.  The carriers EAGLE,
FALCON, GREYHAWK, and AVIARY have proceeded to launch their Skyriders
for fighter support.

Crewman3:  Long range scopes show no presence of Jurain ships in the
vicinity, m'lord.

[The view changes to the center of the bridge, where the CO , an old
yet burly man (kind of like Sean Connery with no apparent accent) is
sitting with one arm holding the armrest, the other softly tugging at
his beard as if in contemplation.  To his right is a middle aged
red-headed woman, who speaks..]
 
Capt. Katrina:  Any jamming?

Crewman3:  Nothing, Captain.

Katrina:  Excellent. [turns to the old man]  M'lord Admiral...

Admiral:  No need to get formal with me, M'lady Captain.

Katrina:  [smiles] Touche, m'lord.  It appears that everything is
going smoothly.

Admiral:  [with a look of concern] Yes...and that is what troubles me...

Katrina:  M'lord?

Admiral:  Think about it.  It has been one month after the Kagato
Incident.  The Jurain Imperium is not the stable great power that it
used to be.  We knew of the military buildup that Kagato the Usurper
was orchestrating.  We knew that almost all of the heirs to the Jurian
throne, save for a very few, were put out of the way and have not come
back.  A large part of the Jurian High Command has been sacked due to
the scandal. Scores of worlds have left the Jurian sphere to join with
our dear Union of Byzantia, and not a peep from Jurai.  To top THAT
off, the Crown Princess Ayeka has disappeared to who knows where! 
Something is going to happen, I can assure you that!
 
[Just as the captain is to produce a reply, another speaks...]
   
Crewman4:  Sirs!

Katrina:  Yes?

Crewman4:  We've received a message from Byzantia, m'lady...

Katrina:  Very well.  Let's hear it.

Crewman4:  But M'lady...It's a Crown 1 message.

[The eyes of the admiral & captain go wide with suprise]

Kartina:  Crown 1?  By the light...

Admiral:  Directly from His Imperial Majesty...[turns to crewman4]
Have it sent to my quarters.

Crewman4:  At once, m'lord!

Admiral: [turns to another officer, a young yet skinny blond male]
Commander Pym?

Pym:  M'lord?

Admiral:  The bridge is yours.

Pym:  Yes, m'lord!
 
[both Katrina & the Admiral move quickly to the old man's chambers]
 
Admiral: Ready?

Katrina:  Of course, sir!
 
[The admiral rambles off a sequence of terms in an old language for
security reasons, then a holo-image appears in front of them.  The
image is of a stout male with very short brown hair and big brown
eyes.  He appears to be in his late twenties.  He is wearing purple
robes and a purple circlet on his head.]
 
Image:  Can you hear me, old friend?

Admiral: [smiles] Yes, my emperor, I do.  The line is secured as well.

Image:  Excellent.  Unfortunately, I must be brief about our mission.

Katrina:  Our mission, sire?

Image:  Yes.  Are you aware of The Great Truce, Captain?

Katrina:  I believe so, sire.  After a long and bitter war, both the
Union and Jurai agreed to a cease-fire period of 1000 years.

Image:  That is correct.  What is not known it that there was an
official date when the truce would end, provided that neither side
broke the truce before that set date.

Admiral:  [suprised] A date??

Image:  Yes.  In ten standard days from now, the truce will expire...

Katrina:  [very concerned] And there will be war, sire?

Image:  Only if I fail in my part of the mission.  Your fleet, old
friend, and a plethera of others are all along the Great Border.  Your
job is to keep whatever Jurian forces occupied while I head to Sol III.

Admiral:  That backwater globe, sire?  Why??

Image:  That's where Ayeka is hiding.  And when I find her, I will
invoke the clause of the Truce in the hopes of achieving eternal peace.

Katrina:  [even more suprised] Sire, do you mean...

Image:  Yes, Captain.  I intend to offer myself as husband and unite
our nations together as one.  Otherwise, the universe will tremble.

Katrina:  I undrestand, Sire.

Image:  Good.  I wish you luck.

Admiral:  We wish you luck, Sire.  Oh, one thing, Sire...

Image:  [smiling] I haven't forgotten...One Land, One Crown!

 
To be continued....

==
Thor Odinson:
Prince of Asgard
Defender of Midgard
Wielder of the Most Sacred Mjolnir, the Weapon of Weapons
Fan of Ranma 1/2, Tenchi Muyo!, and other anime things!
