Hey this is my first fic so don't make fun.  I wanted 
to make a really good Ryoko gets Tenchi fic since there 
aren't that many around but then I forgot what I was 
writing about and wrote this instead.  All characters (I 
think) belong to Pioneer and AIC (never heard of it but 
it's in all the other fan fictions so I just put it in 
anyway).  And oh yeah, I'm not making any profit off this 
so don't sue me PLEASE !!!  Besides I don't have any money; 
you'd be taking money from some kid who needs it for . . 
.uh . . . college or something.  Anyway, hope u enjoy it 
'cause I'm very rusty on my writing skills (I'm writing 
something during the summer???  . . . . . . . . . . . 
that's not right . . . . . .)
P. S. this'll probably suck but send your feedback to 
skyhopperzero@prodigy.net AND MAYBE I'LL WRIGHT THE RYOKO 
GET'S TENCHI PART.

A TYPICAL MASAKI MOURNING: PART 1

	Ryoko stared at Tenchi, levitating above his bed as he 
slept, watching over him like a guardian angel.  She loved 
him so much that couldn't bear to be separated for long 
periods of time.  She felt the need to watch over him, as 
she had done for so many years when she was trapped, in the 
cave Yosho had imprisoned her in for 700 years.  She had 
learned how to project herself outside the cave short 
distances but it was impossible for people to see her.  She 
was like a ghost; isolated and alone.  No one could even 
see her . . . until she met Tenchi.  As a baby, strapped to 
his mother's back, he looked at her and smiled.  At that 
moment Ryoko felt a special connection to Tenchi.  Every 
time he would come to her cave exploring or playing Ryoko 
would watch him.  She experienced childhood through him, 
and later, when he had grown into a handsome young man, she 
grew to love him.  
	Of course ever since he had released her from the cave 
he never acted like he loved her.  In fact, he acted like-
	"RYOOOKOOOOO!!!!!!'' Tenchi screamed breaking her 
trail of thought.  "I thought we agreed you wouldn't do 
that anymore!''  What is wrong with that woman?!  Can she 
go one day without teleporting into my room and scaring the 
hell out of me when I wake up?  At least she has her 
clothes on this time!
	"Okay Tench.  At least I didn't unsheathe your sword 
this time.''  She winked at him and teleported away, 
leaving a groggy (from just getting up) Tenchi to ponder 
over his relationship with Ryoko.
	Unsheathe my what? . . . . . ohhhhhhh.
	
	Ryoko had teleported to the couch and turned on the TV  
Damn, why the hell is news the only thing they put on this 
early?  Bored as hell, she decided to lay down and listen 
to it.  Does Tenchi know I truly love him?  Does he think 
I'm just trying to get into his pants (although that was 
one of her many goals)?  Ryoko giggled at that as she heard 
Sasami come down stairs.
	Sasami looked at her exclaiming, "Hi Ryoko.  Have you 
seen Ryo-Ohki?''  
	There was an answering "Miyaaa m'ya miya ya miya!'' as 
the cabbit jumped into Sasami's arms.
	The young princess giggled and said, "Tell Tenchi and 
everyone that breakfast will be ready in half an hour.  
Okay?''
	"Sure,'' the former space-pirate answered.  
Teliporting to Tenchi's room again, just as he was putting 
on a pair of pants with his back turned to her, she walked 
over to him.  Tenchi, feeling a hand go down his underwear, 
did what Ryoko had almost expected him to do, although she 
was confident that one day he touch back.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH''  The scream woke Princess Ayeka who 
rushed to Tenchi's room.  Mihoshi, helping Sasami in the 
kitchen, could have sworn she heard something like 'that 
whore will pay for placing her hands on my beloved Tenchi!'

Tenchi sat in his bed covered by his blanket (his 
underwear was ripped off by Ryoko) praying that this was a 
dream.  That he could go back to his normal life before the 
space pirates, the alien princesses, the Galaxy Police, and 
the facts that he himself was an alien would just go away.  
His prayers having no effect, he turned his attention to 
the matter at hand: the crown princess of Juria (his 
grandfather's planet) versus the galaxy's most notorious 
space pirate.  In his bedroom.  Discharging high energy 
blasts everywhere sending more of his underwear flying 
across his room.  Tenchi Masaki fainted.
"Now look what you've e done to my poor Tenchi,'' 
Ryoko said, pointing to the uncontious teenager.  "You 
Royal Bitch!''
Ayeka gasped, "How dare you call me that!  You're the 
one who took his pants off you slutty whore!''
They were about to go at it again when they heard 
Mihoshi's cheerful voice announcing breakfast.  Ryoko said 
she worked up an appetite and teliported to the breakfast 
table and Ayeka was not long to follow.  Tenchi looking out 
the window, wandered what had become of his life. . . 

-----------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------
-----------
TO BE CONTINUED???

WELL THAT'S THE END OF A TYPICAL MASAKI MOURNIG BUT 
WILL I CONTINUE IT?  THAT'S UP TO ME AND HOW LAZY I AM. . . 
. . OH, AND OH YEAH IF YOU SEND GOOD FEEDBACK OR WHATEVER 
THE HELL YOU CALL IT. BYE.


	




 
