DISCLAIMER:

This story is based off of the Tenchi Muyo! anime series, produced by
AIC and released by Pioneer Anime America.  All characters from said
series are the property of such.  The characters Hikaru Moriyata, Lucy
O'Bannion, and any Argelians are the product of the collective
imaginations of Dennis Carr and Karmin St. Jean, and belong to same.
The character Trakal, insofar as he is developed herein, is the
intellectual property of Karmin St. Jean.

The persons and many events in this fanfic are fictitious.  Any
resemblance to any person, living or dead, or any event other than what
has obviously happened, is a coincidence.

Any military or police procedure outlined throughout the fic does not
necessarily depict any real life procedure or scenario.  Any similarity
to real life procedure/scenarios is, again, coincidental.

Tenchi Muyo: Unfinished Business

A fanfic by Dennis Carr and Karmin St. Jean

Chapter 2:1 - Pandora

November 1970

Having some control over dimensional transport was something that
made things a little easier, Kain decided, as he separated two
pieces of himself and returned them to wherever.  As the cannon
hit him, he then separated his mind from the rest of himself.
*There will be another time,* he decided.  *If I can wait one
hundred years, I can wait one hundred more.  Or longer, if
necessary.*

And then he lost track of the bits of him that were separated.

He now existed solely as a thought process.  While the embodiment
he had left was more or less no longer, the officer he broke off
a bit of himself would provide just enough sustenance to start
things over again.  If he had it right, he would be encountered
in the future.  Maybe 26 years, maybe 50 years.

But then, if one exists as nothing more lucid than data, it must
be contained.  He would not be able to survive long in this form.

And then he encountered a communications relay network.

Moments later, he found a computer terminal.  It was a fairly
developed planet, it would seem, from what Kain saw of the data
flowing through.  They were just now developing faster-than-light
travel for themselves.

And this child, the user of the terminal he found his way to.  He
must have been some computer program designer, based on what he
saw in the circuitry.  Surely, he could serve his purposes.

---

Asal was enjoying the evening.  Another night of code, coffee
and chat.  It would be a good all-nighter, he decided.

A few more code routines, and he sat back and compiled.  No
errors.

"Ah, something is wrong," he decided with a smart-assed smile.
"It compiled too cleanly for the first build."  Satisfied that,
despite his remark, all was well, he closed the window he was
working at.

Immediately, another window came up, again a command prompt
interface.  This one asked a simple question.

"Would you like to play a game?"

He snickered at this.  "Not until I eat," he said, and walked out
of the room.

Five minutes later, he returned.  The display had not changed.

Asal sighed, and typed "Yes" on the terminal as he took a bite
of a sandwich.

The instant the reply was sent, the screen flashed brightly for
no more than a tenth of one second.

And Asal was enlightened.

---

Relative Earth date: November 7, 1998

Esa's alarm went off.  Something resembling a fur-covered hand
reached out from the blankets, and struck the button, as she
slowly sat up, absolutely no expression on her face.

*Another morning,* she thought.  *Time to deal with the idiots
again.*

She was an albino, an oddity of any race - her white fur and
eyes, which exhibited an odd shade of red in the right light,
showed it.  Also unlike her race, she maintained a continually
neutral facial expression, in contrast to the otherwise insanely
emotional expressions the rest of her friends would exhibit.
Nobody knew why, it was just the way her personality developed.

It was perfect for somebody to administrate the ship's computers.

Esa stood up out of bed, walked over to her mirror, and
stared.  After a moment, a thought crossed her mind: *It's
still me.  Damn.*  Of course, it *was* still her.  After all, if
she were somebody else, who would be her?

A bit of grooming, a bit of breakfast, and it was out the door to the
bridge.

The lunar gravity of the ship made it such that she would have to be
careful as to how she walked.  She tended to be rather quick, and more
than once bumped her head on the upper bulkheads as a result of taking
too hard of a step after her footing disconnected from the floor.  It
was thus that handholds were installed in the corridors to allow for
fast movement in the event that it was needed.  She took advantage of
these quite often, since by nature she tended to be in a hurry to get
just about anywhere.

During her foray to the ship's bridge, she encountered Etain, a
communications specialist, who greeted her with a smile.  Upon seeing
her, Esa allowed herself to land, and walked with her.

"You're late this morning," Etain said, getting nothing more than a
nod in reply.  It was the usual routine they went through, as they
slowly bounded over to the "tubes".  These were, in all effect,
gravitational anomalies that allowed for more efficient transport than
a
standard lift - two shafts placed parallel to each other, one with a
gravity generator at the top end of the shaft to give an upward pull.
All one had to do was step inside, and they were on their way to the
floor of their choice, said decision being made by grabbing onto a
handhold and pulling yourself out upon arrival.  It was certainly more
efficient, but it could get crowded when duty shifts changed.

After the pair stepped into the up-bound tube, Esa turned to her
friend.  "Etain, have you heard anything yet about the next job?"

"A little.  Why?"  She shook the sealed beverage container she was
carrying upward once, knocking out a globule of coffee, and slurped it
up as it drifted past her mouth.

"I'm a little bit worried about it."

"Why is this?"

"It's an inhabited planet."

This got Etain's curiousity aroused.  "Really?  Which one?"

"Jurai."

*This is an interesting turn.*  "So how did you find out about this?"

"Etain, when you have your hand glued to a person-to-computer neural
interface for a full duty shift, lunch excluded, you learn a few
things.
I like to think that I have run of the computers, so I learn what goes
on behind the scenes."

"When's the job start?"

"Two days, I think.  I don't know very much about it."  She sighed,
just
slightly exasperated, and continued.  "I think the AI routines are
getting a bit willful, as it were."

She looked at her, and smiled mischeviously.  "Maybe you're losing your
touch?"

Esa froze.  "Etain?"

"Yes?

"You're mean."

She paused.  "I am?"

"You are."

They grabbed the handholds to exit to the bridge, and stepped out.  "I
am?"

"You are."

They both walked over to their workstations, and sat down.

After another pause as they logged in, Etain looked at Esa one more
time.  "I am?"

"You are."  Esa placed her hand on the interface pad, and ended the
conversation right away as her attention was turned towards "talking"
to
the computer.

Etain shrugged.  "OK, so I'm mean," she said to herself, as she tended
to her duty of monitoring communications.

---

First Lieutenant Eoai glanced over a datapad he was issued, curious
about the orders thereupon.  "Pilot a shuttle to Juraian sanctuary
thirteen, third planet, recover the following as hostages...."  He
silently read the names and respective species listed, four of them,
and
closed his eyes for a moment.  *what are we doing?* he thought to
himself, *and why does that damned AI want those people anyhow.  And a
Draalthi. I thought they were extinct. What's going on?*

For the five minutes he spent donning something resembling a fencing
uniform, he continued to consider the circumstances.  It was weird -
just a little too much so, in fact - that the computer was doing this.
Speaking of which, why was Asal following this computer's orders?
Surely he should know better.

The padded armor donned, he then entered the training room, where a
younger lieutenant (jg) named Naisi was waiting for him, looking none
too impatient.

"A little late today," he said.  "Fall in the head?"

"Nah, late duty shift.  Structural crap going on in the hangars, I had
to rehang a few overhead trusses.  That, and there's some order to
reload the explosive bolts in the blowout in the blocks."

"I'm a nurse," he replied, making a first move with his foil, "not an
engineer.  Could you translate for me?"

Eoai grinned as he parried.  "Of course not.  You should know the
ever-used technical term `crap'!"  He pushed off the deck, flying a
good
solid eight feet up, and his opponent for the moment followed suit,
bringing up behind him.  A few more exchanges with their foils took
place like this, the low gravity slowly pulling them down, with them
using this to bounce around the chamber.  So far, they were at a draw.

After about ten minutes of this, a more sinister expression crossed
Eoai's face.  He stopped, pushed a button on a nearby computer console,
and spoke into it:  "Gravity off."

It took about ten seconds, but a zero gravity field was eventually
isolated to that room, which at that point added an interesting flavor
to the battle.  Eoai rolled 180 deg., pointing his head to what used to
be the floor, and spoke to Naisi: "Have at you!"

The pair proceeded to drift to the opposite end of the room, foils
flashing.  Eoai took a swipe; Naisi dodged successfully, rapelled off
of
a wall, floating to the opposite end.   Stab, decapitate.  Score.  Eoai
shifted his weight, spun, and bounced off of a wall to stop the
spinning
motion and propel himself towards Naisi, who was obviously having too
much fun, as evidenced by his grin.

In an attempt to change his mood, he made his own move towards him:
after bouncing off the wall, he used a handhold to swing around
slightly
to meet his opponent, who was now drifting to a point above him, and
swiped across his abdomen - he was now "disemboweled".

After about fifteen minutes of this, it was clear that they were on par
with each other.

Eoai smiled as the younger Argelian stopped to catch his breath.

"Why..." the younger one panted, "...are we... making a run on...
Jurai?"

Eoai frowned and pushed forward, and took one last swipe across his
neck.  Score.

"Unfair!" Lt. Junior Grade Naisi protested. "I wasn't ready."

"Do you think Jurai is going to wait until you're ready?!"

"Enemy?" Naisi laughed. "We have no enemies."

Eoai drifted towards the panel, and restored gravity to the room.  "We
will have soon." He took a deep breath and let it back out. "I don't
like this run on Jurai any more than you do. In fact, I think it
stinks.
There's something not right here." He started to change from his
sparring outfit back into his normal uniform.

"We've been getting a lot of crazy orders since Asal launched that
damned AI of his." Naisi remarked. "That thing gives me the creeps."

"Its just a highly sophisticated computer program." Eoai put his
sparring suit into his locker and sealed it. "The real problem is the
way its orders are being so blindly followed."

"I don't like it." Naisi replied. "It just seems a little *too* alive."

---

Kain watched through a security viewer, listening in on this exchange.

Certainly they couldn't be considering rebelling.  Everyone knew
exactly
what happened to those who dared.  And he wouldn't think twice about
it,
as life meant very little to him.

*I will have to watch these two closely,* he decided, as he watched the
pair (bound/walk) out into the corridor.

---

It was finally the end of the shift.  Etain removed her headset, and
dropped it in a locker, which was specially designed to clean whatever
residue winds up on it.  As she did this, she watched Esa open her eyes
slowly as she removed her hand from the interface pad.

She looked over at her as they "boarded" the downbound tube.  "I am?"

Esa sighed. *She's starting this *again*?*  "You are.  Dinner?"

"Sure."
