Disclaimer:  I do not own any of the characters except Sagami and Yamacha, 
since they are of my creation.  All other characters and Tenchi muyo series 
are property of AIC and Pioneer.  All things that do not really exist in the 
real world are also property of AIC and Pioneer.  Any person, place, or 
thing mentioned in the story that actually exist are purely coincidence.  So 
basically, DON'T SUE ME!!!!!!!


Tenchi Muyo Ultimate Universe
ep. 1
No Need for a New Series

	The sun came over the hills of Okayama to reveal nature's beauty.  In the 
trees birds sang, and little forest animals began to scurry about.  In all 
this, there was a house beside a lake.  It was a large two story house, and 
inside, a young, 21-year old man slept peacefully.  Then he awoke, to find 
to large, yellow, sleepy eyes staring down at him.
	"Good morning, Tenchi," came a groggy voice in the direction of the eyes.
	Then the peace was broken by a yell from the young man, "RYOKO!!!"
	Tenchi Masaki then began to prepare for his long day ahead, first by 
walking down the hall to the bathroom, with the cyan-haired Ryoko Hakubi, 
the owner of the yellow eyes, closely following.
	"But Tenchi, I worry about you," said Ryoko, who had now teleported in 
front of Tenchi.  "I would be so heartbroken if anything happened to you."
	"Well, I can take care of myself, and anyways,I sorta need my privacy now," 
he said, as he walked into the bathroom. "Didn't we have this same 
conversation more than 4 years ago?"
	Ryoko just sat there smiling, looking a little stupid. "Uh, I don't 
remember anything like that, honey," she said as Tenchi closed the door.  
Ryoko then floated downstairs, where she could smell Sasami Jurai, the 
household cook, preparing breakfast.
	"Hi, Sasami," greeted Ryoko. "What's this," she asked looking at a dish the 
13-year old had already prepared.  "Oh that's Mayuka's baby food.  Can you 
bring it to her, Ryoko?"
	"Sure thing," said the 17-year old demon girl, now a little embarassed she 
had asked.
	Ryoko then entered the dining area, to find that her archrival for Tenchi's 
love, Ayeka Jurai, Sasami's older sister, was already there.  "You know, 
Ryoko, you made enough noise to wake me and the ret of this Solar System up. 
  Could you try to be a little more quiet for once in your 5,000 year old 
life?"
	Ryoko responded to this with a comment with of her own devices, "Well, I'm 
sorry miss know-it-all goddess but unlike you I actually worry about Tenchi. 
  Maybe you don't really love him at all.
	Ayeka slammed her hands on the table.  "Why you little!"  The 
catfight-to-end-all-catfights would have proceeded, except for the fact that 
baby Mayuka Masaki was on the other end of the table and began to cry.  
Ryoko and Ayeka then began to comfort the child, but it was all in vain when 
Sasami came into the room.
	"Look what you've done now you too.  Can't you take any responsibilty for 
your actions?!" yelled Sasami louder than Ayeka and Ryoko combined.
	Mayuka then calmed down, just as Tenchi came down the stairs and said 
good-bye.  "Aren't you going to eat breakfast, Tenchi?" asked Sasami.
	"Nope, Sasami, I'm going to have to take it with me today. I have a lot of 
work to do harvesting crops and being an architect like my dad and all," 
said Tenchi.
	Ok then. Have a good day," responded all the girls that could talk as he 
left the house.

	"So this is Japan,"  said a 13-year old boy.  He was on a fast-moving 
train, the scenery outside the window passing quickly.  The boy sighed.  The 
plane trip into Tokyo had been a real bore.  And the city really didn't look 
different then American ones.  And now looking at the trees and terrain, 
they almost looked exactly like his backyard of northern California.  Oh 
well, he thought to himself, at least I'm spending my summer somewhere other 
than home.  Then he noticed, out the corner of his eye, a blonde boy about 
his age, sitting on the opposite side of the car.  He seems to be 
concentrating on something, Sagami thought.  Then, as if the boy knew he was 
looking at him, he turned his head all of a sudden and stared his dark blue 
eyes first at Sagami, then a little past him.  Then the blonde boy went back 
to his concentration.  Huh, weird, thought Sagami.  He then felt something 
wet on his pants.  He looked down to see his soda can and its contents 
spilled all over him.  Ah crap, not my new pants! he thought, as he tried to 
prevent anymore from spilling out.

	"Everyone, I have an announcement to make," said an old, gray haired man.  
All the eyes of the household, Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, and even the baby 
Mayuka turned to him.  "We have some freinds of the family coming over 
today.  They will be staying for a while, and I want them to be treated 
well.  Let's make their stay pleasant, shall we?  I'll be waiting at the 
shrine for them."  Yosho then left for the shrine, leaving the girls to 
their household duties.
	"Do you think the "friends of the family" are girls, Ryoko?"  asked Ayeka
	"Hopefully not,"   she replied.
	"I agree.  If we had one more girl in this house Lord Tenchi would never be 
able to decide.  I think 5 is enough."
	"Five?  What about Kiyone and Mihoshi?"
	"Those 2? Kiyone's a work-a-holic and Mihoshi is a complete ditz.  There's 
no competition with them."
	"Aren't you sort of a ditz too, princess?  I mean your so prim and proper 
about things sometimes they never get done.  Hell, you're even taking 
forever to fold these clothes.
	"Well at least mine don't look like *&%$!  Who would ever wear those after 
you folded them."
	"Well at least I get the job done!"  At this both of them started to grit 
their teeth and stare at each other menacingly.  Then Sasami stopped them.
	"Come on you two!  We already spent 3 hours cleaning up the mess from your 
first battle!  I don't want to spend another 3 cleaning up again!  Besides 
the quests will be here any minute!" Ayeka and Ryoko stood their silent, not 
moving at all, just staring at Sasami.  "There might some boys with them," 
she added on.
	"Oh," replied the other two at the exact same time.  Then they began to 
deviously think of how good it would be if there were boys in those friends 
of the family, because then they could hook Sasami up with one of them, 
getting rid of 1 contestant for Tenchi's love.  Then they began to chuckle 
to themselves uncontrollably in that way that only Ayeka and Ryoko together 
can.
	What's wrong withthose two, thought Sasami, staring blankly at them.

	Just then the doorbell rang, and Ayeka answered.  At the door was a 
brown-haired boy, of the 13 years, dressed in nylon pants and a T-shirt, 
saying UCLA.  "Hi," greeted the boy looking at her with his grey eyes, "can 
you tell me the way to the Masaki shrine?  I'm kinda lost."
	"Oh, just up those stairs," she said as she pointed to them.
	"Thanks," replied the boy, who then smiled and left.

	She was hot, thought Sagami, and nice too, but a little too old for me.  He 
was now walking up the steps and had reached the shrine.  He noticed the 
office was to the left, with a strange looking cace to the right.  He walked 
up to the office and knocked and an old man's voice told him to come in.  As 
Sagami opened the door and walked in he noticed the head priest was already 
talking to someone.  Hey, that's that blonde kid from the train, thought 
Sagami.
	"Why hello there Sagami Kenabi, I'm Yosho, the head priest of the Masaki 
Shrine.  I've been expecting you two for some time now."
	The blonde boy then stood up and bowed to Sagami, who in turn bowed back.  
"Sagami, this is Yamacha Tokimi.  He will be your fellow pupil while you 
train with me here."
	Sagami, a little startled at what Yosho had just said, asked him who had 
arranged this.
	"Your father, of course," replied the old man.
	Figures, thought Sagami, there's always a catch.
	"I believe dinner shall be ready soon, so how about we go to the house my 
pupils," suggested Yosho.

	"So these are your two new pupils, brother?" asked Ayeka.  Not quite as 
hansome as Lord Tenchi, but they will work for our plan, she thought as she 
chuckled to herself.  "Shall we sit down," she said to them just as Tenchi 
walked in.
	"I'll be ready in a few minutes," said Tenchi, a little embarassed.
	"Tenchi, you shouldn't be so late.  Next time you might miss dinner all 
together," said his grandfather.

	Once everyone was seated and ready dinner began. Halfway through the meal, 
Ayeka stopped and decided to "hook up" Sasami with one of the new boys. She 
chose the blonde one and asked Yamacha a question.  "What do you think of my 
little sister's cooking," she asked.
	"Uh, it's very good," a little surprised at the question.
	"Really!?" came a squeelly voice beside him.  He looked to see Sasami 
smiling at him from her position beside him, in her smile that only she has 
(you know, the one that could drive someone crazy in 3 seconds).  Seeing now 
that it was all a trap, Yamacha just laughed a little bit.
	"So Yamamcha already hitting on the girls," said Sagami laughing and 
teasing him.  He then noticed that his water glass had somehow tipped over 
and water was all over his pants. Again, he thought.  "Hey, wait a minute, 
you're doing that, aren't you?" he asked Yamacha.
	"'bout time you figured out Captain Obvious," he replied.
	Just then, Ryoko teleported sitting to the table.  "Have I missed 
anything," she asked.
	"Half of dinner, you slut.  Look how you're dressed for our guests.  And I 
had to act on our plan all by myself, thanks to you!" responded Ayeka.
	"Hey, watch your mouth, miss *&$%#!"  They then began to stare menacingly 
at each other.  Then they charged up to blast each other.
	"Oh no!  Everyone get out of the room now!" yelled Tenchi as he grabbed his 
daughter and ran for cover. Meanwhile, Yamacha and Sagami eating and 
oblivious to all that was going on around them, just sat there.
	"Is there something going on," asked Sagami, but it was too late.  Ayeka 
and Ryoko released their blasts, filling the room with smoke and energy.  
When the dust settled Sasami found Sagami lying on the ground dazed and 
unconcious.
	"Where's Yamacha," asked Sasami.  She then heard a yell and a giant splash 
from the direction of the lake as she also noticed a hole in the roof.  The 
gang walked out to the lake to find Yamacha in the smae condition as Sagami, 
except soaked to the toe.
	"How about we all get some sleep," suggested Yosho.
	" That sounds like a great idea ,sensei," replied Yamacha, slightly dazed.  
Everyone then laughed and went back into the house.

	Meanwhile at the Masaki shrine, something was happening.  Inside the cave 
itself there was a blue, glowing, coffin-like object on stands.  Inside was 
a blonde-haired girl, about Sasami's age.  All of a sudden, her blue eyes 
opened, seeing light for the first time in years.


next up ep.2 Yugi's Awakening.
