Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights and
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it, so
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).
However, this story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me. Please
don't copy it and claim it as your own.
This story is based on the Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-oki characters, so Mihoshi isn't
as ditzy, though much more clumsy!


Uninhibited Consequences

( )= Mental thoughts

" "= Verbal dialogue

Chapter #2: Confession and Explanation

How does Washu explain the reason behind her Inhibition Inhibitor, and how
does the family deal with the consequences of their actions? As Tenchi
returned to the living room he informed those there that Mihoshi and his
father would be coming later for breakfast. Sasami acknowledge him and made
preparations for making two dishes for them.
Finally sitting down between Ayeka and Ryoko. As they, and the rest, started
eating Washu put her chopsticks down and slowly stood up which drew all
conversations silent and all eyes towards her. Washu, for her part now knew
what had happened, and who was the cause. She cleared her throat and finally
spoke.

"I am truly sorry for what happened yesterday, the Inhibition Inhibitor was
not intended to have such far reaching effects."
(She looked at all the faces of her family as the looks of disappointment
were evident.)
She then confessed; "I had intended for this to affect only myself and one
other, who I felt was not being truthful with their feelings for me. (She
glanced at Katsuhito who had an angry look on his face, Tenchi noticed this
as well as Ryoko who was feeling what Washu was feeling)
I just wanted (Starting to weep) to have someone to say to me that I am
important to them, (she looked at Katsuhito)
that I wasn't just a brilliant scientist, but a friend, maybe more than
that. (He now had a more understanding look on his face).
I let my need for this to cloud my usually flawless preparation, which
caused the the Inhibition Inhibitor to malfunction.
Instead of generating of field of non-inhibitions to one specific area, it
generated it at a circumference approximately the size of this valley."

"But Washu, Sasami and Ryo-oki weren't affected by your invention, how
come?" Asked Ayeka, who while Tenchi was upstairs had questioned her sister
to see if she had any unusual feelings or actions that night before. She
didn't.
"I set this not to affect anything or anyone who hadn't physically matured
enough to handle it, Ayeka, so that's why they weren't affected." "So we all
were affected by this ray, against our will?" stated a now angry Ayeka
"Yes and no, Princess. Yes in the sense that you did what you would normally
not have done, and no because it did cancel your inhibitions, and so it
showed your TRUE feelings to those whom you were with."
(Washu was looking straight at Katsuhito as she said this. The others took a
minute to digest what the diminutive scientist had just said.)

"It allowed our true feelings to show". That thought seemed to have been
shared by all those affected.
"Then it means that what we .... experienced last night," said Ryoko
".........was a show of our true feelings, " said by Ayeka
".....to those we were with!" finished Tenchi."
"Yes, and those feelings weren't encumbered by inhibitions that existed
normally so what was said, heard and did was what all those affected,
wanted," said Washu, who now was in her adult form.

As there was not another statement given, Washu sat back down to wait for
whatever retribution was warranted by her actions. Finally Tenchi stood up
and first looked at all there, then turned his gaze towards Washu.
"At first, Washu I wanted to ring your neck for what you had done...."
(Washu visibly shook knowing all too well what Tenchi at his most angry
could do (Example Kagato!)
".......but I now know that you did this......... out of .........love. Now
that doesn't excuse this and if you want to stay with us here, as a part of
this family, you will promise never to make any sort of device that controls
anyone's emotions or inhibit their natural emotional barriers in this family
again. Also, you will leave you lab and stay in the house for a total of one
week, am I understood Miss Washu?"

Now Washu was not, as she said, the Greatest Genius Scientist in the
Universe for nothing. But getting on the bad side of Tenchi's light hawk
wings was a possibility she would live without, so she accepted the
punishment. She brought up her holo-computer and locked herself and all
others out of her lab, then gave instructions to her computer system that
only Tenchi, through Tenchi-ken would be able to unlock the Lab's door. Her
final act was to add a subspace bedroom connected to a certain person's
closet and she then shut down her computer.
"Well that's that! No more science for me for a week, will that be all for
now Tenchi?" asked Washu. As Tenchi glanced at those who were affected,
Katsuhito, Ayeka, Ryoko, then himself, they all nodded and agreed on the
punishment.
"All right, we're done here." With that they all break up to go to their
daily routines.
"Washu, please come with me, since you are free of duties today, you will
help me at the shrine." Katsuhito said it as more of a statement to all as
much as it was to Washu. "Hmm, Ok, Lord Katsuhito, I am at your service,"
answered an anxious Washu, not knowing what will happen.
But before everyone left the dining room Washu announced; "I would advise
that there would be no other Activities between those affected by last
nights, hmm, associations (Washu talked like this so as to keep the
encounters that happened out of Sasami's understanding) am I clear with you
all?"
"It's OK Washu, I understand what happened yesterday! Remember, I am
connected to Tsunami, so I'm happy all of you got along last night!" She
then went to the kitchen to finish cleaning up from breakfast as the other
stood there dumfounded.
"Well what do you know, she's growing up faster that I thought," commented
Ryoko "Well it seems to me it's too fast. I shall have a talk with her,"
answered a worried Ayeka
"I wouldn't worry too much Ayeka, she seems to have a level head on her
shoulders," said Tenchi. "Since the cat's out of the bag, just remember
people, no intimate encounters until my lab is reopened and I can check if
your ...well pregnant or not!"

"WHAT?!?!?" both Ryoko and Ayeka screamed in unison.

"We girls could all be pregnant! Is that clear enough for you!" said a now
annoyed Washu. Before anyone could ask further Washu ran outside and towards
the shrine. She wanted to tell this to Katsuhito herself. After the shock
wore off both girls just sat down on the couch with a concerned Tenchi
sitting in a chair in front of them. "Look I have to get Mihoshi and my Dad
up and explain to them what happened, I need you two to be strong and do
your daily chores for now. After lunch we'll ..... talk about this, OK!" He
took both their hands in his and they nodded back to him.

Tenchi made his way to his father's room, dreading that talk he had to make
with him, as well as with Mihoshi. He grabbed a box of tissue just in case.
As Tenchi open the door he saw what he had seen before, his father laying on
his back with a contented look on his face, while Mihoshi was laying beside
him, her head on his chest.
"Well I better get this over with!" He knelt down and shook both of them.
"Dad, Mihoshi , hmmm good morning."

"Mmmm. Tenchi why are you waking me up, usually it is........... OOHHH!"
that was all he said as he saw his son looking at him then he followed his
gaze to a mass of blonde hair on his chest.
"Tenchi, What, How, Who.... Why?" Was all Nobuyuki could say. As Tenchi was
about to speak Mihoshi started to waken. Tenchi held his hand up and after
she fully woke up and of course yelled, he calmed her and his dad down (He
was on the floor with a big red mark on his face). After Tenchi had
explained what had happened, Both Nobuyuki and Mihoshi were staring out in
to the space in front of them. Then , after a few more minutes of silence,
Nobuyuki spoke:
"I am sorry for having taken your trust of me by what we did, Miss Mihoshi,
I cannot explain away my dishonor of you and I would understand completely
if you would bring me up on charges through the Galaxy Police. I am a humble
man who should have been able to control his urges, especially with my love
for my Achika, I had no right to........"

"Wait Nobuyuki," Mihoshi grabbed his hand as he looked on her with watery
eyes. "I have ....no regrets about last night. I've been lonely since I have
come here. I don't mean friendship, that's here aplenty, but I haven't been
with anyone close for almost a year." (She then looked down out of
embarrassment, but of regret also, as she continued)
"Most of the time, the men I have dated have known of me and have treated me
as my reputation precedes me. The bubblehead with a great body, (she sheds a
tear) they treated me that way too when I went out with them. They saw me as
a piece of meat to devour." She started to cry, but not the usual whiny cry
they were used to, but a cry that came from the heart. Then it happened in
front of Tenchi's eyes, Mihoshi was gathered up by Nobuyuki in his arms as
she continued her story. "But, you noble Nobuyuki, not only did you refuse
to hurt me, you were so loving and gentle. You refused me three times, every
time wanting to be a gentlemen and keeping me from you. Yet when I finally
won and you were with me, you were still gentle and kind. I have wanted
someone to treat me that way all my life, and now without really looking for
it, I found it in you. I don't regret being with you, I just hope you can
forgive me for being so forceful. I normally would never have done that at
all."
She then sobbed into his chest as he held her.

Throughout all this Tenchi was looking, and at first was disturbed at the
realization of what had happened, but as Mihoshi spoke he started to see his
father in a different light. Probably in the light that his mother had seen
him. He realized that his inherent kindness was from both sides of his
family.
After Mihoshi had cried herself out ,Tenchi volunteered to take her to her
room while Nobuyuki was thinking of what happened. He knew with what Tenchi
had explained, that he must have had some feelings for the Blonde GP
officer, but he never imagined that she would be as lonely as he, nor would
her heart be as shattered as it was. He made a decision and would have to
speak to someone before he finalized it. So he made his way to the shower,
then accepted the late breakfast from Sasami. It was a Sunday so he didn't
have to go to work, perfect. He could decide that day and inform everyone
that night.

Just as he finished, Mihoshi made her way downstairs. She had gone to the
Onsen to clean up and returned to have breakfast. As she got to the dining
room, her seat was already out for her to sit in compliments of Nobuyuki who
was standing behind the seat, holding it for her. He then helped Sasami
serve Mihoshi's breakfast, then made his exit and said good bye to Mihoshi,
but before he left, asked to her to take a walk that afternoon. She accepted
and promised to be ready for their walk on time (and that, we'll see!).

As Washu knocked on Katsuhito's office she was hesitant of what reception
she would receive. It was her budding relationship with the Shrine keeper,
and former Jurian Crown Prince, that started all this mess so she had reason
to be nervous.
"I haven't felt these feelings in over 10,000 years, when I was married."
(This thought caught her off guard) "Why am I feeling this now, is he that
much of an attraction to me, especially in his real form? Or is it what I
see inside him?"
As she was thinking of this the door slid open revealing a stoic Shinto
priest. "Haaa, hello, Lord Katsuhito, I am here for my assignment."
"Very well, we will start with Tenchi's chores, which you will do until
lunch everyday this week, then you will assist me in the shrine office to
help me organize the files there." "Well that shouldn't be a problem, I'll
just whip up my robots and...... oh wait my computer and everything I need,
I can't use use them now."
"Which means doing everything by hand Miss Washu. I think that alone should
be of some benefit to you, to realize that science doesn't always have all
the answers when good old fashioned hard work does!" stated Katsuhito.
"You're never going to let me forget about this, are you Kat-chan?" Washu
answered in her own unique way.
"Now why would I ever do that? Remember, Tenchi gave you this punishment, I
am only a victim of what you did," answered Katsuhito before he said
anymore, she came up and grabbed his hands in hers.
"Can you forgive this old Scientist her mistakes, especially when it comes
to the heart?" she asked. "Though I am still angry, I understand you reasons
for doing it. We'll talk after dinner, maybe a late tea ceremony might
soothe my anger," said Katsuhito They then went outside to start their
chores, Tenchi and the girls continued their morning chores, anticipating
the talk they were all supposed to have after Lunch!

Next in Chapter #3: A Change in Relationships
What was Nobuyuki's decision, as well as what Tenchi, Ryoko and Ayeka will
discuss. Can Washu last a week without technology? Will this help or hurt
her chances with Katsuhito? Stay tuned!