After Tenchi's Graduation Party, one of Washu's inventions backfires,
causing The gang's inhibitions to disappear! (NOT a Lemon!!)

Disclaimer and Foreword: Tenchi Muyo! and its characters are copyrights and
trademarks of AIC, Pioneer, and whoever else may own the rights to it,so
please don't sue me (it's not like I have any money anyway :P).
However, this story is my original creation and is copyrighted by me.
Please don't copy it and claim it as your own. This story is based on the
Tenchi Muyo: Ryo-oki characters, so Mihoshi isn't as ditzy, though much
more clumsy!

Uninhibited Consequences
(  )= Mental thoughts

" "= Verbal dialogue

Chapter #1: Rise and Realize

    It was a typical morning in the Okayama Prefecture, and in a lovely
valley just outside the city limits, on one hill just above
the valley stood the Masaki Shrine.  Below, within the valley there was
a beautiful lake, and on one end was a very large and
modern looking house . It was much larger than most home in the
prefecture, let alone within japan itself. I a certain bedroom a
certain 18 year old boy was stirring.

Tenchi Masaki was slowly waking for a new morning. But unlike most
mornings, he was feeling awful.
"Oh, what bus ran over me last night?" thought a very groggy, and pained
Tenchi. He was feeling a Hangover from last night.
Then he tried to move, get to the bathroom. Then two things happened,
first Ryoko wasn't there floating above to greet him.
Second, he couldn't move due to the fact that he felt both his arms
pinned down. He finally opened his eyes to find out why he
couldn't move. To his surprise (That being an understatement) he saw a
mass of cyan and purple hair on his chest. Upon further
inspection, he realized that he was the middle of a Ryoko and Ayeka
sandwich.

(Oh, My God, what happened last night?) Tenchi mentally shouted

Now, after realizing he would wake both girls if he did physically
react, he used the techniques taught to him by his grandfather
to meditate and invoke calming thoughts to himself. After he did that he
then concentrated on what happened last night to have
him wake up with not just one, but both of the girls who fought daily
for his love, laying on each of his sides, in his bed, and (Oh
no, not that!) Naked!

After he stopped his nosebleed on account of the girls lack of attire,
(Thank goodness there was a sheet on us to cover up with.)
Tenchi continued to try to retrieve some of the foggy and cloudy
memories from the night before.

(Ok, ok now let's see what happened yesterday to cause this?) Tenchi
then slowly, and with a hangover from what he didn't
know, started to piece together the fragments of memory he now tried to
put together in his mind.

"Wait, my graduation, I graduated yesterday!" (He was proud of himself
for remembering that!) "But, then,... yes.... we had a
party to celebrate, and we ate one of Sasami's special meals. Everybody
was there, Dad, Grandpa, Ryoko, Ayeka, Mihoshi,
Sasami, and Washu. We also had some of my friends who also graduated
with me, plus they wanted to see for themselves the girls
who lived with me. About 30 people were there and we had Karioke and
since we were all 18 and over (Some much more than
others!) we also drank, mostly Sake. As the night rolled on , it started
getting late, my friends all had left by midnight, but we
continued to use the Karioke machine. I remember My Dad and Mihoshi
(Both very drunk) singing the American song,
"Reunited". I remembered after words, Mihoshi passing out, and Dad
carrying her upstairs rather unsteadily.
Then another memory, of Grandpa, and Little Washu (actually, an adult
Washu now) Singing rather badly a rendition of "Fly me
to the Moon". Then he vaguely remembers both of them heading towards the
shrine. But he was unsure about one thing.
(Were they holding hands?)

Finally he remembers Ayeka and Ryoko standing up and each holding each
other with each others arms around their shoulders,
singing "We are Family" as he slowly made his way up the stairs holding
a sleeping Sasami as he went her room to tuck her in
for the night. Then he remembers stumbling towards his room, and there
he saw a sight that he wouldn't have believed would
ever happen. (But at this home it probably would!) He saw both Ryoko,
and Ayeka, obviously tanked, in his room with the
karioke machine, slowly doing a strip tease. He remembers being frozen
at the door as they girls disrobed, and finally reaching
from his desk for some tissue to clean his bloody nose.

"Tenchi, why don't you join us, it will be really fun!" said Ryoko
seductively

"Lord Tenchi, I would like you to join us too, my love!" stated an also
sensually voiced Ayeka

You, too are drunk, you don't really want to do this! Do you? Asked an
excited, but a nervous Tenchi.

Tenchi was nervous, but he didn't run away like he usually did.
Something that usually yelled in his head to run, wasn't there this
time. It was like his inhibitions were gone. So after a few moments
hesitation, A now amorous Tenchi slowly went to the door,
not to run through it, but to close and lock it. He turned around to
reveal a smirky grin, and slowly made his way towards the
girls who were giggling with delight.

(So, that's how we ended up her together!)

Tenchi now back from his memory roller coaster collected himself and and
decided to wake the girls up. but then he had some
doubt.

(How can I wake them up so as not to get them fighting with each other?)

Tenchi thought, and finally he came up with a good compromise, that
would wake them up and not aggravate them both.

"Good Morning My Loves" he said loudly enough to stir them from their
slumber. Though he didn't remember all that happened
between them, he knew that he felt different, especially in a certain
area. So he knew something happened, and if it did, they
should both be more kind in waking to him , as well as to each other.

"Good morning Dear heart", said a smiling Ayeka.

Good Morning My love, Said a happy Ryoko.

They both then gave him a hug. The next thing they knew they realized
where they were, and with whom they were with

"Oh My Goddess, I'm here with Tenchi, AND YOU." Said a now angry Ayeka.

Don't get snooty Prissy Princess, I didn't here you complaining last
night" Answered a rather amused Ryoko

Why you, .... You ...., I never!"

"Oh yes you did, and more than once Ayeka!" Ryoko was now smiling that
sly cat smile of hers.

Now Ayeka was red as a tomato as the realization of what Ryoko said sunk
in.

As all this was going on, Tenchi was their audience, with both oblivious
to the facts that he was there, they were all naked, and in
his bed. But he figured to let them finish this discussion before
pointing that out to them.

So, we did.... that.... with Tenchi,.... Together!

Well it seems so, and by the way both you and Tenchi are great kissers!
Said a now laughing Ryoko (She of course knew that
each of them were intimate with Tenchi, but not with each other, at
least from what she remembered)

Ayeka took about ten seconds before balling and crying into Tenchi's
chest. Ryoko, realizing that she might have gone too far,
started to apologize. Sorry, Ayeka, I didn't mean that, please? Oh come
on I was only kidding.
Said a now sad Ryoko.
As Ayeka continued to cry, Tenchi patted her on the back as Ryoko
continued to apologize. Tenchi was also rubbing her back to
soothe the now upset ex-Pirate.

Finally the realization of their situation, their location, and their
close proximity finally caught up with the pair.

"OH MY GODS!!" both said in unison.

Girls, Girls, please Remember last night please! Tenchi was begging and
holding on to his two friends (Well obviously more than
friends now). Both girls now saw his sincere look in his eyes, and both
calmed down.

Both girls were upset not because they had been intimate with Tenchi,
but because normally they would have objected to both of
them being with him.

Tenchi, then began telling them what he remembered, hopefully to see if
they agreed with those memories, but also to see if he
had missed something.
When he finished, both were deep in thought as if they knew what Tenchi
wanted for them to do.

"I remember.... Washu ......doing something after you friends left
Tenchi", said Ayeka.

"Ryoko, can you use you link to see if Washu did something to us last
night?" asked a now concerned Tenchi

"Ok, Tenchi, I'll try!" She then probed her link to her mother and what
she saw surprised her. She saw through Washu's
memories that she's with .... Yousho?" This threw Ayeka and Tenchi for a
loop.

"Grandpa?"  "Brother?" both said.

"But that's not the odd part guys."

"Then what is?" they asked.

"It seems that Washu set off one of her inventions just after your
friends left!" Answered Ryoko

"And that seems to be when all this odd behavior started." Replied
Tenchi. All three nodded yes!

"All right,  we'll ask Miss Washu at breakfast and find out if her
invention affected us." Stated Ayeka

But we need to talk after breakfast, about what happened between ....us!
Said Tenchi.

Both girls first looked at each other, then at Tenchi. They then both
nodded Yes.

Ok, I will cover myself with my pillow, and close my eyes, you two get
you clothes and go get dressed, I'll meet you there, OK.

Now, both girls still laying on his chest then, gave him each (not a
passionate kiss but) a soulful kiss usually reserved between
those that love each other. Tenchi realized this just after both girls
in turn kissed him. he looked dazed for a moment, then smiled
at both of them, took his pillow from behind his head, and shoved it
under the sheet, he then closed his eyes as promised. He felt
both girls get up and the sheet uncover him with the pillow
strategically placed. After both girls got dressed and kissed him again,

then they left his room to allow him to get dressed.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As Tenchi was coming out of the bathroom, he was greeted by both Ryoko
and Ayeka.
Each then grabbed one of his arms and led him down the stairs towards
the dining room and to one of Sasami's famous
breakfasts. After a couple of minutes Katsuhito appeared at the patio
door, as Washu was coming through her Lab door.
Ayeka, Tenchi, And Ryoko glared at Washu as she made her way to the
dining room table.
"What?" Said Washu

("We'll talk after Breakfast, MOM!") Ryoko answered telepathically.

("Ok!") Answered A now concerned Washu. She noticed now an angry stare
from Katsuhito, she looked down to her lap to avoid
it.

After a few more minutes, Sasami said; "Hey were you dad, and Mihoshi
Tenchi?"

"Gee, I don't know. I'll go check their rooms, Ok?" answered Tenchi.

"Thanks, Tenchi!" Sasami smiled as he bounded up the stairs to check on
them.

As he left, Katsuhito said, "After they are done talking to you, please
see me in my office Miss Washu." he used a very monotone
voice making it clear to Washu that she had a long day ahead.

As Tenchi opened Mihoshi's room fully expecting the GP officer to be
sprawled out asleep on her bed, he found no one.

"That's strange, maybe she slept with Sasami." He checked there, she
wasn't there. Finally he went to his fathers room, and found
his dad, sleeping in his bed, with his arms around ......Mihoshi!

(Oh no, ..... we weren't the only one affected, by Washu's invention!)
thought a now upset Tenchi.

He knew his father's devotion to his mother, and with inhibitions down,
he must have missed her so much that Mihoshi became
the target of his affections. He didn't see why Mihoshi would have been
with him, except maybe to alleviate her loneliness.
Regardless, now Washu was on his to do list. Now only did that invention
affect the girls, but his father, and grandfather.
He was going to have a real talk with her. He thought of this as he
walked back to the dining room where the rest of the family
awaited his return.

Next Chapter #2: Confession and Explanation.

How does Washu explain the reason behind her Inhibition Inhibitor,
and how does the family deal with the consequences of their actions?
Well, well see soon!
