               Underneath The Mistletoe

                A Tenchi Christmas Fic

                          by

                     W*ING Higley

Another year, another Christmas.  Tenchi smiled as he
gently slid Ryoko’s head out of the way so he could
get at the empty bottles behind it.  This was baby
Mayuka’s first actual hristmas, ignoring the
“Christmas in July” party they had held earlier that
year.

What a six months it had been, Tenchi thought.  After
the defeat of Yuzuha, things had een relatively quiet
until that September, when Ayeka and Sasami were
officially “recalled” by Azusa.  Their departure had
been tearful, and Tenchi missed them greatly.  Their
loss was doubled when Mihoshi had been transferred
from the Alpha Quadrant to the other side of the
galaxy.  Oddly enough, Kiyone had opted to stay on
Earth.  This had surprised the entire household.
Despite all the trouble Mihoshi got Kiyone into, they
were still best friends.

“Come on, you.  Time for bed.”  Tenchi hefted Ryoko
over his shoulder and began climbing a ladder he had
put up.  After depositing the drunken space pirate
onto her ceiling beam, Tenchi folded the ladder back
up and carried it out to the tool shed.  As he walked
back to the house, he again had the same mental
argument he had been having with himself for the last
few weeks:

‘She loves you, you know.’

‘Yes, I am well aware of that.’

‘Yet, you continue to rebuke her advances.  Why?’

‘Because....I....I’d only be hurting her otherwise.’

‘Don’t you love her?’

‘Yes.........but as a sister.’

‘She loves you much more than as a brother, I hate to
tell you.’

‘I think that’s fairly obvious.  But it’s also obvious
that we’re not exactly made for each other.’

‘How do you mean?’

‘She’s so outgoing, so carefree.’

‘And you’ve always been Mr. Responsibility.’

‘Exactly.  I mean, I just can’t imagine any type of
stable household we would have as husband and wife.’

‘So, you love Ayeka then?’

‘No.’

‘You love Washu?!!?’

‘No, don’t be silly.’

‘Well, who else is there?’

‘...........’

‘One day, Tenchi, you’ll learn that love can come from
the most unlikeliest of places.’

*****

Reentering the house, Tenchi snapped from his reverie
as he heard someone singing softly.  He trudged up the
stairs to see Kiyone gently rocking Mayuka in her
arms, while singing in a language that Tenchi didn’t
understand.  His Babel fish had flopped out of his ear
into the drain while showering that morning, and Washu
said it would take at least a day to generate a new
one.  Tenchi leaned against the doorway and smiled as
he watched Kiyone finish her song and put Mayuka to
bed.

He applauded softly as she turned around.

“Oh, Tenchi. I didn’t hear you there.”  Was Kiyone
blushing?

“Sorry, didn’t want to disturb you.  Very nice, by the
way.”

“Thanks.”  Kiyone’s Universal Translator at least
worked, Tenchi noted.

Kiyone walked out of the room and down the stairs,
with Tenchi following.  “This was certainly a nice
party,” she said.

“Yes, though it was odd without Ayeka, Sasami and
Mihoshi here.”

“Mm-hmm.”  They stepped outside, onto the porch.
There was an awkward silence as the two stood and
watched the lakefront.

“Um, Kiyone...”

She turned, “Yes?”

“Um...I hate to ask, but while we’re on the subject,
how come you didn’t go with Mihoshi when she
transferred?”

Kiyone looked away.  There was another long, awkward
silence.  Finally, Kiyone spoke again, but this time
while looking at her feet.

“You know, it’s funny you should ask that now.  My
family used to celebrate Startica every year, we’d
have huge parties with the entire clan getting
together at my grandfather’s place.  I think some of
my happiest memories were from those parties.”

A tear rolled down her cheek.  “But then, when I was
12, my parents were killed in a hover-car wreck.”

“Oh Kiyone...I...”

She ignored him and continued, “and then my grandpa
passed away about six months later.  The family
drifted apart after that, and I was shuttled around
from relative to relative until I was 18, when I
enrolled at the Academy.  It was their that I became
so determined, so dedicated to my career.  It was like
I was using my role as a Galaxy Police officer to
replace my family.  It didn’t really work, I guess.”

She was openly crying now, and, not knowing what else
to do, Tenchi awkwardly embraced her and held her as
the tears flowed.  “And then I came here, and well....
 I think, I think the main reason I decided to stay
was because you guys were the closest thing to a real
family I’ve had in almost 10 years.”

She leaned against him and sobbed again.

“Oh God, Kiyone, I’m so sorry.  I shouldn’t have
asked.  I.....”

“No Tenchi, it’s okay.  I’m kinda glad you asked.  All
these years I’ve been keeping these things bottled up.
 I....I needed this, really.”

She looked up and smiled sheepishly.  She really was
quite beautiful, Tenchi realized.  He reached up a
hand and wiped away a tear.

‘One day, Tenchi, you’ll learn that love can come from
the most unlikeliest of places.’

Tenchi gasped as his own thought returned, unbidden.

“Um, Tenchi?  You can let go now.”  Tenchi realized
that he was still holding her.  He also realized that
she was blushing deeply because of it.

“I...huh?”

Kiyone looked to see Tenchi staring straight up.
There, hanging in mid-air with nothing to support it
at all, was a piece of mistletoe.

She chuckled softly.  “Washu’s doing, probably.”

Tenchi nodded.  He looked back to Kiyone and smiled.

“Merry Christmas, Kiyone.”

She returned the smile, “Merry Christmas,
Tenchi....chan” she added after a moment’s hesitation.

Tenchi cupped his hand to her cheek, and very slowly
leaned in and kissed her.  She returned the kiss.
Awkward at first, the two relaxed once they realized
that no one would intrude.  Tenchi slowly dipped her
back, and Kiyone responded by wrapping her arms around
his neck.

After what seemed an eternity, they both broke away,
reluctantly.  Neither said a word as Tenchi put his
arm around her, and Kiyone leaned her head against his
shoulder, both watching the lakefront again.

“What happens from here?” she finally asked.

Not turning away from where he was looking, Tenchi
said, “I don’t know.  What I do know is that somehow,”
he squeezed her shoulder, “this feels right.”

Kiyone nodded and smiled again.  Whatever it was that
was happening between them, it was right.

Above them, it began to snow.

*****

Author’s Comments:  Very thin plot here, and some OOC,
but those are staples of most Tenchi/Kiyone pairings.
This is both a Christmas fic, and a belated answer to
the one-hour challenge.  Have a Merry Christmas, Happy
Hanukkah, Kwanza, Midwinter or Satanic Mass everyone!

All characters trademark and copyright 1997 Pioneer
LTD and AIC.