Under the Pink Blossoms
By Carrie Amoroso  (Pixiestaro0o@aol.com)

Tenchi sat in his room staring out the window.  Every night for the past
week
Tenchi had been having trouble sleeping.  Thoughts of Ayeka and Ryoko
flooding his mind.  He knew that the time was coming where he would have to
choose between them but he still wasn't sure who to choose.  He loved the
both of them equally but he wasn't sure which one he loved as a wife.
Ayeka,
she was beautiful, polite, intelligent and graceful.  She was a dream
Princess from a regal kingdom and would be a wonder wife and mother.  Ryoko,
She was beautiful too, maybe even more then Ayeka.  She was fragile and
sweet, beneath her hard surface she was vulnerable and he knew that she
would
always be there for him.  The only problem is ryoko had a complicated past
and he just wasn't sure if she could ever be truly happy.

The rest of the night went on just like this, comparing the girls silently
in
his head.
Another sleepless night.

"Good morning Sasami!" Tenchi said and let out a big yawn.

"Oh, good morning Tenchi, could you please get everyone up for breakfast?"

"Sure Sasami"

Tenchi made his way to the former closet portal dimension door and knocked.
"Little Washu breakfast is ready" Tenchi yelled.

"Thank you Tenchi!" Washu replied

Tenchi walked up the stairs and knocked on Ayeka's door.
"Miss Ayeka breakfast is ready"

"Thank you lord Tenchi"

Tenchi then walked down the steps and stopped in the middle of the living
room.
"Ryoko breakfast is done!"

No reply.

"Ryoko come on breakfast is ready!"

Nothing.

"Hey Sasami, have you seen Ryoko today?"

"Umm...oh yeah, she left early this morning with Ryo-ohki."

Tenchi immediately thought she might have left but he quickly dismissed it,
she could never leave, could she?  Breakfast went by uneventful with no
fighting that is, due to Ryoko's absence. Right after breakfast Tenchi
headed
to the fields, washu went back to her lab and Ayeka and Sasami started doing
their chores.  Tenchi started walking towards the field when he spotted
Ryoko
on the other side of the lake sitting high up in a tree with beautiful pink
blossoms.  She was relaxing looking up watching the clouds pass by while
stroking Ryo-ohki's fur.  Tenchi felt that there might be something wrong so
he decided to go and ask her.  He slowly walked over until he was standing
directly under her.  He was shocked that she hadn't already jumped down to
greet him like usual, in fact she hadn't even noticed him the made Tenchi
worry even more.  Just as Tenchi was about to speak he felt something wet on
his face then another and another. He look up but he didn't see rain clouds,
he touched the wetness with his fingers and brought it to his lips.  Salt.
It wasn't rain, they were tears, Ryoko's tears.

"R...Ryoko?" Tenchi whispered.

"Huh!?" Ryoko said as jump from fright and she lost her balance and fell
right off the branch and into Tenchi's arms.

"Ryoko! What happened?"

"Oh, sorry Tenchi I...uh... lost my balance for a second" Ryoko said trying
her best to giggle, while jumping out of Tenchi's arms and dusting herself
off.

<Ryoko losing her balance?  Something has to be wrong.>Tenchi thought to
himself.

"So what can I do for you tenchi?"

"Oh... I just wanted to see if you were okay, you weren't at breakfast this
morning I  was worried, so what's wrong Ryoko?"

"Nothing Tenchi, it's nothing, I'm fine"

"Ryoko please tell me what's wrong, I know you think I wouldn't understand
but I'm begging you to at least tell me why you where crying?  Please?"

"Tenchi I really don't want to talk about it now, and not with you"

"Ryoko, I'm not leaving until you talk to me "
Tenchi knew she could just teleport away but for some reason, she didn't.

"Okay Tenchi, I'll tell you" and with that the space pirate fell to her
knees
sobbing uncontrollably streams of tears running down her face.  She was
usually so strong and now she was crying, crying like a lost child in front
of him.  He fell to his knees and wrapped his arms around the galaxies most
wanted criminal, and held her.

Inside the house Ayeka stood in the doorway watching them.  She felt like
someone had just stabbed her right though the hear.  She looked at Tenchi
holding Ryoko tight like he never wanted to let go and she knew.  She knew
that Tenchi had Chosen, he had made his choice and she had to accept it.
Maybe she already had, she felt him change after they all got stuck in
Washu's machine.  He was different more peaceful, a smile crept onto her
face
as she watched.  Maybe it would be okay she thought, maybe.

Back at the lake Ryoko had told Tenchi about her past, her nightmares, her
regrets and her sorrows.  She had told him she loved him and that he was her
angel.  She told him that she'd die a hundred times if it would spare him a
second of pain.
Tenchi held her tighter now feeling her tremdble in his arms. He wanted to
take all her pain and make it his own so she could be free.  Now he knew.
He
knew that he loved her.

"Tenchi? What are you thinking?" Ryoko said, gripping his shirt and resting
her head on his chest.

Ryoko was scared.  What if he never returned her love?  She would have to
leave forever and never look back <Please Tenchi say something, anything!>

"Do you think I'm evil now, now that know everything, do you hate me?" she
said her tears now soaking though Tenchi's shirt.<please don't say you hate
me Tenchi>

"No Ryoko I could never hate you, don't even think that ever!" Tenchi said
almost with a hint of anger in his voice.<How could she think that I hate
her?!>Tenchi thought, His eyes now swelling with tears.

"So what are you thinking Tenchi?" Ryoko said with a little fear, she didn't
even know what she was afraid of, but she was.

"The truth?"

"Yes, please tell me"

"I was thinking about how I could be so stupid not to see how much I..."

"How much you what, Tenchi?" Ryoko said looking up into his warm eyes.

"How much I love You"

Once again she started crying tears flowing down her cheeks.

"No Ryoko please don't cry anymore" Tenchi said as his own tears now coming
freely

They hugged each other tightly never wanting to stop fearing that it might
all be a dream.  Ryoko stopped crying long enough to speak.

"Oh Tenchi, I won't cry anymore now that I have you.  I am yours, you're the
reason I exist and I love you." She whispered into his ear. Then finally
they
broke their hug.  Tenchi brought his hand up and caressed her face and
lifted
her chin so that their eyes met.They looked into each other eyes and as
their
lips met the taste of salty tears flooding their senses, their warmth
spreading though each other. Two souls destined from the beginning of time
to
love one another, to help each other and spend eternity together.  It was a
new beginning, nothing in the past mattered now, they could be happy now,
completely, and they could be together.
