Disclaimer: Ok people, so i wont get my butt horribly sued off I'm
saying now I DIDN'T MAKE THESE CHARECTERS UP! Im not clever enough to
do that. I can barely write the letter "I" without a typo much less
make all of these charectors! Anyways also to say i didnt make the
setting along with the charecters. I wish I was that good.


   Washu sat on her floating cushion typing diligently on her invisible
 computer. Her eyes became focused to glare at the screen when a smirk
 that swept across her face. Her typing pursued its pace. She crossed
her legs and leaned forward as her typing increased.
   Her eyes became normal and her typing slowed. She closed her eyes
 and shook her head than opened them once more. She began typing again
 with the same smirk crossing her. But once more her typing slowed and
 once more her eyes became unfocused. The smirk on her face dissolved
to a small worried mouth. She uncrossed her legs and leaned back with
hands resting on the cushioned. She looked above her with a long sigh
compressing from her mouth.
   "It wasn't that important," Washu whispered to herself in
 contemplation "it's not like they meant anything to me. They were just
 there…"
   She leaned forward and rested her elbows on her legs and her head
on her hands. Her eyes glistened softly as she tried to hold back tears.
   The door appeared to her laboratory and opened making the metal
crab clink loudly.
   "Hey, Mom!" she started off sarcastically "it's tea time.
 Hurry up." With that Ryoko walked out of the door once more.
   Washu held herself closely to try to stop the shaking from her
 tears that fell slowly from her closed eyes.
   After cleaning herself up and preparing to leave her laboratory she
 joined everyone for tea. She sat silently at the low table in front
 of the television. She lifted her cup with the cup and sipped
 silently as Mihoshi tried to stop the bickering between Ryoko and
 Ayeka. Tenchi sat with a massive sweat drop with his head lowered.
 Sasami watched was watching Ryo-ohki that was sniffing the tea.
   Washu pulled herself with all her might out of her thoughts to pay
 attention to what was happening around her. But she couldn't keep
 herself away from her thoughts. She lowered her head as her body
 started to shiver from her tears. She set her cup down and put her
 hands in her lap, clenching her clothing tightly.
   Ryoko heard Washu's soft tears and quit arguing. She looked down at
 Washu and blinked. Ayeka who was still bickering quickly stopped and
looked down the table to see what Ryoko was looking at. Sasami turned
 her head to see and Tenchi did the same. All became silent except for
 Washu's gasps for air between her tears.
   "Um, Little Washu?" Tenchi said quietly and put out a hand to touch
 her. Washu lowered her head and clenched the material tighter.
   "I don't want anymore tea," Washu said through her tears. She
 quickly got up and ran to her lab door. She opened it with swift
 hands and slammed it closely. She pulled up her invisible computer
 quickly and typed fast to make the door disappear so no one could
 enter or leave. She heard a fist pound the wall behind.
   "Damn she locked herself in again," she heard Ryoko's muffled voice
 from behind the door.
   "Well there's no way to reach her now. We'll just have to wait for
 her to come out," Tenchi said.
   Washu walked to her cushion and collapsed before it, laying her
 front half on the cushion, her tears flowing.

   Later that night when she was sure everyone was asleep she re-opened
 the door to the laboratory. She was starving and exhausted from all
 of her crying. She went to the kitchen silently, finding mostly
everyone passed out from…"tea".
   She looked about for something to eat. When finding nothing she
 grabbed some food and pulled out a pot. She poured some water into
 the pot with some vegetables and meat and threw it behind her. A
black void appeared and swallowed the pot. Her invisible computer
appeared once more and she typed quickly. Some mittens fell out of the
 void that had two little crabs on each one. She pulled them on
quickly now in a hurry from hearing rustling in the other room. The
pot fell out of the void and she grabbed it quickly with her mittens.
   After pulling out a bowl she poured some of the soup into it. She
opened a drawer silently and grabbed a spoon. The aroma of the food
filled the household, sending it's sweet smell to every person in the
 Masaki residence. But there was only one to awake.
   Ryoko floated into the room following the aroma with her mouth
opened and drooling. She reached for what was left in the pot. Her
fingers were stung from the burning pot she tried to pick up.
   Washu had hidden herself under the counter and awaited Ryoko to
leave. You're going to have to face the sometime she thought wearily
to herself. With a sigh she moved out from under the table and stood.
   Ryoko looked at her and blinked twice. She landed easily on the
floor and blinked at Washu again.
   "Yeah yeah! Quit gawking at me already!" Washu yelled at her.
She slapped Ryoko's hand that was close to the pot, making her pull
 back.
   "Go get your own food! I taught you better than to steal!" Washu
 lectured her.
   "You didn't teach me anything! You weren't even around to teach
me!" Ryoko defiantly yelled back.
   Tenchi had awoken with a yawn and a massive headache. The sound of
 the bickering in the other room throbbed on his head. He got up
slowly and walked into the kitchen. Before him he found a Ryoko with a
 pot thrown around her head and soup dripping down her body. Washu
slammed the pot with the large serving spoon she held.
Tenchi held his head and stumbled back a few steps.
   "That'll teach you to try to steal my food!" Washu yelled. Groaning
 came from within the pot. Tenchi walked further into the kitchen
wobbling on his unsteady legs. Washu looked at him and smirked.
   "You have a headache don't you?" she questioned him. He nodded
slowly and held his head tighter. Washu held up a finger and laughed.
   "And I have just the cure!" Her invisible computer appeared and
she started typing once more. A void opened once more and out popped
a bottle with little crab decorations on it.
   "My own cure!" She said and fumbled with the top until it popped
open. She pulled out two pills and pushed them into Tenchi's mouth.
He swallowed them quickly. As soon as he swallowed them his headache
had disappeared. He blinked and smiled.
   "Hey it worked!" he said happily.
   "Of course it worked! I'm Little Washu! You think I wouldn't work?"
 she said sarcastically. He held up his hand sin defense with a sweat
drop appearing.
   "N-no I didn't mean it that way!" he defended.
   "I know," she said with a smile. She put her spoon in the bowl of
soup she had and carefully picked it up. She walked slowly towards her
 laboratory.
   "Little Washu," Tenchi called quietly as to not awake anyone else.
 She turned her head far to the left and looked back.
   "Yes?"
   "What was wrong with you today?"
   Washu lowered her head and turned it to face forward once more with
 her eyes glistening sadly. She walked on slowly towards the door.
 Tenchi walked to catch up with her. He put a soft and comforting hand
 on her shoulder. She stopped after he put a little force to make her.
   "Please tell me Little Washu," He said in a kind voice. She closed
 her eyes and held back the tears.
   "Memories," she whispered. She pulled out of his grasp and walked
 into her Laboratory.
