Guess what?! You get to read the SAME disclaimer AGAIN!! HAHAHHAAA!!!
Disclaimer: Ok people, so I won't get my butt horribly sued off I'm saying
now I DIDN'T MAKE THESE CHARACTERS UP! I'm not clever enough to do that. I
can barely write the letter "I" without a typo much less make all of these
characters! Anyways also to say i didn't make the setting along with the
characters.(this is a pretty crappy disclaimer but I never meant for it to
be good)

     It wasn't as large as she imagined it would be. After all, it did take
her all of this time, and it didn't even size up anywhere near her largest
creations. It was a little taller then her in adult form.
     The machine looked like a large pink (no duh) orb being held by two
elongated arms that started at the bottom of the orb and ended hugging
tightly around the top of the thing. There were a few lines drawn here and
there about the orb in blue lining making it seem decorative with
mathematical phrases.
     "I know I'm forgetting something," Washu sighed, standing in her full
adult form in front of the thing. She rested her right elbow in her left
hand and her hand on her to her hand. (What is it I'm forgetting...) she
thought.
     Being this far into an experiment with all of the diligent time and
work she'd spent on the project, she'd totally forgotten about her pain. It
must seemed to wipe away. But it was only hiding deep inside her, waiting
for the perfect moment to strike her again.
     Washu knew this, so she kept focused away from it as hard as she could.
She moved over to the floating cushion and plopped down upon it. The little
hollow computer appeared in front of her. There just has to be something I'm
forgetting. Whenever you do anything you always forget something."
     She searched through the text and drawings again and again. It was such
a simple machine compared to most, could she have forgotten something? It
was hard to tell with such simple plans. She had rushed through this quickly
in hopes of having it done sooner then most of her experients.
      A rapping came on the door to her lab. She whisked around quickly to
look, but remembered that she had locked the door. She flopped onto her
cushion and sighed in a relief.
     "Washu!" A cheery yet worried voice of Sasami called. Washu had a
streak of guilt hit her. It was so unfair to keep from seeing the people
about her, but she couldn't bear to ponder about what they would think of
her.
     The padded footsteps of the tiny Sasami faded away and Washu noticed
she had been holding her breath. She let out a large gasp of relief.
     Putting her hands behind her head, she gave a small stretch and stood
up. "Time for the big show, I guess."

     Tenchi felt a heavy weight land atop his chest, almost making his
ribcage fall completely inward. Unable to breath or even make a yell, he
attempted to move and found it to be an impossible task.
     The whatever-it-was rolled off his chest and landed with a harsh
'thump' onto the floor. He filled his lungs with a startled and refreshing
breath of air.
     Before he could even look down to see what landed on him, his wall next
to his door was blasted in. Large shards and chips of wood flew everywhere
about the room.
     [Does Ryoko not know how to use doors? I just replaced that wall
yesterday!] he thought to himself. But to his surprise, when the little
cloud of dust cleared, through it came Washu. Except, she was alot, older
looking...
     With a small leap she landed atop a lump of something and began to
pound it's face in yelling incoherent words along the lines of "HOW DARE
YOU!" and "PERVERT!"
     "W-Washu?!" Tenchi stuttered.
     "Not now! I'm a little busy!" she called to him. In her adult form, it
was a lot easier to pick up the lump of whatever it was and send it hurling
through the previously made wall.
     Astounded by what was about him, Tenchi didn't know what to do. But his
problems were soon solved.
     "Tenchi! Where is she?! If she laid a finger on you-" Ayeka sopped in
front of the wreckage and looked down at the mass of black clothing that lay
in front of her. She turned her head quickly to look through the hole and
see Washu and Tenchi.
     Ryoko's form appeared near Tenchi with her plasma sword drawn and
ready. She glanced about the room with a growl, too unsatisfied to put her
sword away.
     "What is going on here?!" Ayeka demanded. She stepped through the hole
to look at Tenchi. Noticing how dumbfounded he was, she turned her head to
Washu.
     Washu put a hand behind her head and laughed a little "Well that was a
lot easier then I thought it would be!"
     Ryoko made her sword disappear and stood on the ground, scowling at
Washu. "You're...Tall."
     "Oh, you noticed," Washu smirked. She did a little pose to show off her
new form. Ryoko made a face of disgust at her.
     "...Washu?" Tenchi asked. A lump fell into Washu's throat. It was all
right to talk to any form of a woman, but the sound of a man's voice...Of
Tenchi's voice...It reminded her so much of-
     "Hello?" Ryoko questioned. She waved a hand in front of Washu's face.
"Still alive in there?"
     "Oh, what?" Washu let out a startled and worried laugh, "I'm just fine!
Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm just having a little trouble with one of my
experiments..."
     "So now I'm an experiment Washu?" The huddled little mass stood a
little hobbled over. Blood was dripping from the side of his mouth as
grinned evilly at her.
     "Of course you were an experiment! It just went a little wrong!"
     "Don't you ever get anything right?"
     "You should talk, OCTOPUS HEAD!"
     He cringed at the name and gritted his teeth in anger. He pointed a
finger out at her and glared. "You will pay for this!" He pulled out some
sort of device, pressed a couple of buttons, and disappeared.
     Washu let her head fall over and sighed "Why me?"
     "Washu! What is going on here?!" Ayeka yelled, a little upset that no
one had listened to her.
     Washu waved a hand at her and trudged through the door mumbling,
"Later, I need sleep..."
     A firm hand reached out and gripped her shoulder. "Not later. You've
kept enough secrets Washu. It's time to share them," Tenchi's soothing voice
made her willing to do anything. But she couldn't. Not now, it wouldn't help
to tell them now.
     Washu spun quickly on him, making him lose his grip on her shoulder.
She stared at him, his kind eyes telling her things that she hadn't heard in
many, many years...
     "Not...now," she whispered and made her way back to the lab to sort
things out.

     Washu awoke still in her adult form, lying atop her large cushion. She
closed her eyes and sighed. "If I lay on this thing one more night, I'll
kill myself before I'm..." She searched through her thoughts
contemplatively. "Who cares what my age is! Like I ever remember..."
     Stretching hard she let herself slide off the cushion anto her hands
and flip to her feet. She let out a small sigh and looked around the place
where her latest invention had been. Shards of it lay around, but all you
could really see was a lot of smoke and dust. Streaks were on the ground in
a circular type pattern looking as if someone had blown up an atomic bomb.
     Washu looked to the sky worriedly and mumbled to herself, "What now?"
     Two hands pushed onto her back, moving in a massagin type way as a low
and soothing voice whispered in her ear, "Relax..." Her muscles tensed in a
startled manner and her heart raced and jumped like never before. That
voice, it couldn't be-
     She whisked around and gasped at the sight in front of her. Her
breathing became shaky and frail as she studied his blue eyes, blonde hair,
and lovable smile. "No..." she whispered, "It didn't work, you can't be
here..."
     He took a step forward, his smile broadening as he calmly said, "But I
am. Why are you so surprised? You were the one that made that invention to
bring me back."
     She just stood there, her hands clasped on one another and huddled near
her chest. She didn't know what to do. It was all so confusing. It looked
like him, it felt like him, but it could be just a trick...
     The man reached his arms forward and wrapped them around her, pulling
her into his love to rest her head on his chest. She was so surprised by the
movement that she once again forgot to breath. "I have missed you so much.."
he whispered joyfully to her.
     Washu could have died happy then and there. His warmth surrounded her
as she stood stalk still, too astonished to know what to do. It was too much
of a rush. He was back, finally. After all of the time alone, he was back.
     "I can't stay," he whispered, "Oh, how I wish I could. You must listen
to me. There is something in your lab that is more valuable to the both of
us then our own love. Don't be surprised when it sneaks up on you..."
     "Okay, the family reunion is over. Break it up," a familiar and
chilling voice filled the room.
     A gush of electricity filled Washu's and the man's body making them
pull back from one another. From her odd standing position when the shock
ended, Washu fell down on her side.
     She looked up to see the blonde man with his hands bound behind his
back and his whole body hovering in the air, encased in strings of some
green plasma. A little leash led from a collar about his neck to the hand of
a young man. He had a black beard that was just beginning to curl on ends,
and a large grin on his face.
     Out of sheer habit, Washu mumbled under her breath, "Octopus head."
     A piercing yell came from the man hovering in the air as a shot of
electricity pounded through his body once more.
     "NO!" Washu leapt forward to grab the man but was only sent back to the
cold floor by a jolt of electricity. She fell on her shoulder, almost making
it roll out of place. She bit her tongue to keep herself from screeching and
felt a little blood as her teeth pierced through it.
     None of that pain mattered though. She just wanted to save him.
Especially when he was under the rule of octopus head...
     The man's teeth were gritting harshly again. "My name is not octopus
head! You call me my rightful name or I'll do it again!" He held his fist
out holding the end of the leash in a fierce way.
     The blonde man watched painfully as his love uttered the name coldly
"Clay."
