This is chapter 3.  I hope you enjoy it.  Here it is.

Sincerely,
Kevin "Locknear" Smith

Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and Pioneer.
We know Ryoko is changing, but into what?  And has she lost Tenchi?  Read
Episode 3 to discover the resurrection of Tilana.  I hope you enjoy the fan
fic.

Tenchi Muyo Universal Continues:  The Evil Within
Episode 3: Ryoko No More

Her power was great there was no doubt.  She felt stronger.  Her memories
filling the emptiness that were lost to her.  Her powers have increased
since the previous fight that led to her demise.  She opened her eyes to see
familiar faces from her past life.  They have served their purpose and for
that she figured she should spare their lives.

"Thank you for taking care of me."  She said, her voice cold and bitter.

"Ryoko."  The man said in astonishment.

<He must think I am my past life.  Funny I have feelings for him.  I
remember everything even as Ryoko.  This could be beneficial.>  She thought.

"Greeting your majesty."  A familiar voice said.  The group she used to call
friends turned in anger toward the voice.

She looked up to see a man kneeling.  His long white hair resting on his
shoulders.  "Rise Varnus."  She said in an imperial order.

"Yes, your majesty."  Varnus rose to his feet and teleported to her side.
He bowed taking her hand and gave it a kiss.

She looked down into his cold silver eyes.  She was horrified at the
reflection she saw.  She had cyan hair, and her scar was gone.  <Maybe the
change is not complete.  I can fix that.>  She thought.  She snapped her
fingers and in an instance she was in black robes.  Her hair rested long,
and black along her backside.  Her eyes were golden, but filled with
emptiness.  The caring person that Tenchi knew was gone.

Varnus licked the side if her face.  She giggled and looked back at him.
"Business now, play later."  She said and turned toward Tenchi and the
others.  "I will spare your lives.  I will also that you join my army.
Especially you."  She said pointing toward Katsihito.  "I can give you
youth, Yosho, you can fight along my side as it was meant to be."

"How do you know me?"  He asked in fear.  "I was not born when you were
conquering the universe."

"I know power when I see it."  She stopped and looked at Kamadaki.  She
jumped into the air and slowly floated to the pavement of the lab.  She
walked toward the young Jurai knight.  He was sweating in fear, but stood at
attention.  She stopped in front of him and looked into his dark eyes.  "You
have already sworn loyalty to me.  Stand by my side like the good old days."
She demanded.

Kamadaki sighed heavily and turned toward Azaka and the others.  "I have to
do this.  It is the only way."  His eyes filled with tears.  He turned to
her and kneeled at her feet.  He took her hand and kissed it.

"Rise Kamadaki."  She said.  The young knight did as ordered and stood at
attention by her side.

She looked at Tenchi, and walked over to him.  The young man was the only
one in the room not shaking in fear.  She stopped and looked at this boy she
had feelings for, but they were weakening as her dark powers grew stronger.

"You will always be Ryoko."  He said looking into her eyes.  Then looked at
the scar on her cheek.  It started at her ear and ended at her chin on the
right side of her face.

She placed her hand over the scar to hide it from him.  "You lost me along
time ago.  In fact, you never had me.  You had Ayeka.  I hope you enjoy your
love."  She said in hate.  "Here is true love."  She said with an evil
smile.  She raised her hand in the air and snapped her fingers.  Varnus
pulled out a dagger and threw it at her back.  She didn't move, or scream as
the dagger connected with her spine.  Kamadaki pulled the dagger out and
dropped it to the ground.  The wound healed instantly.  "Loyalty...is true
love."  She said and turned away from him.

"I am sorry and will always love you."   A familiar voice said, but it
wasn't Tilana's.  It was too soft and caring to be her harsh cold voice.

"Ryoko."  Tenchi said to himself in sadness.

"Goodbye forever."  She said in a sad voice.

"RYOKO!"  Tenchi screamed as he ran after Tilana, but was held back by Ayeka
and Azaka.  "Ayeka, let me go.  She needs me.  She is in danger."

"Tenchi, she is gone.  That is Tilana calling.  She wants you to join her
side."  Ayeka said.

"No, it is Ryoko.  I can feel it."  He yelled.

"If it is, you will only find yourself in Tilana's shadow.  We have a plan,
remember my Tenchi."  She said in tears.

Tenchi lost his balance and fell to his knees crying.  "I am sorry, Ryoko.
I should have loved you.  You changed because no one loved you."  He got to
his feet and yelled at Tilana.  "You will come back to us.  I know you,
Ryoko!"  He screamed.

Tilana heard his cry.  Part of her felt sorry for him and wanted to comfort
him, but her darkness was stronger.  "Than, you know nothing."  She hissed.
"Let us return to my empire.  A beautiful war is about to begin."  She said
as Varnus raised his arm straight into the air and they teleported out of
sight.

"You were right, Azaka.  I am sorry that I cannot stay, but I am the only
one who has been able to keep Tilana in control.  She does evil either way,
but more will die if I don't go.  I hope you live your lives to the
fullest."  He said and looked up at Kagato.  "You have a fight you need to
finish.  She knows who you are, and will return for you.  This will reveal
what you need to know."  He said and tossed a medallion at Kagato.

Kagato caught it and looked at the metal object.  It was a black metallic
orb connected to a thick, black chain.  Engraved into the orb is a symbol of
two cobras crossing each other to form an X.   "What is it?"  He asked in
confusion.

"When you are ready, you will use it and find out."  He said and looked at
them all with one tear falling down his face.  "I will miss you all.
Goodbye, and may you all live happily."  He finished and vanished out of
sight.

The group stood in silence.

The next day.

Kagato explained the plan to Tenchi as the walked with supplies piled in
their arms to Yagami.  "Do you understand?"  He asked, with no sympathy for
Tenchi's loss in his voice.

"Yes, but why are you staying aboard Ryo-Ohki?  You are a fighter not a
pilot."  He said not trusting Kagato alone with Ryo-Ohki.

"If I go down there on the surface, other Jurians will attack me for still
being alive.  Besides, I am the only one besides Kiyone with a little
experience on the ship."  He said and took a deep breath.  "I know you do
not trust me.  I can't blame you.  I did do a terrible thing, but to win
this war you need to trust me.  I know this will be hard for you to
understand, but I do not trust you either.  But, I am willing to try to
trust you to save this universe from absolute destruction."  He said
starring into Tenchi's brown eyes with determination in his eyes.

"I do understand, but why is the universe in danger of destruction?"  Tenchi
asked.

"Tilana, might want to conquer the universe, but her power is so strong that
it can knock out a galaxy.  She is blind by her own conquest that she does
not realize a war will destroy everyone and everything including herself.
That is what we are up against.  Not Varnus or Tilana, but a war that can
destroy the universe we live in."

"I see.  Then, go over the plan one more time.  I want to make sure we can
pull another plan after we finish yours."

"Very well.  You and Azaka will go to the council and convince them of the
upcoming war with the Khan-lin de.  They should believe you.  No one in
Jurai has ever joked around about the Khan-lin de.  Then, you and Yosho will
train the armies as soon as possible.  Mihoshi will mix in with the people
of Jurai.  She is to look for a spy or spies of the Khan-lin de.  Washu will
scan Jurai's surface and surroundings for activity of any kind.  I will take
Ryo-Ohki and fly three days out and circle around.  If I see them coming I
will immediately fly back to the designated area.  There I will fire quatra
energy blasts.  Washu will detect them.  When she does that gives you two
days to set up you defenses.  I should arrive the day before they attack.
Kiyone will be on her way to the galaxy police as soon as she drops us off
at Jurai.  Unfortunately, that is all I can allow in this war.  Anymore than
that, and goodbye universe."

"I understand.  How long do you think it will take them to arrive at Jurai?"

"I would estimate six weeks to reach Jurai.  It will probably take them ten
to fourteen weeks to prepare their campaign.  All together I would say we
have about four to five months to prepare ourselves."

"Then, I have a favor."

"What is that?"

"Teach me how to fight."

"You have beaten me, boy.  There is nothing I can teach you."

"Maybe, but your techniques are different and lethal.  I need all the
fighting skills I can if I am to fight this army.  If they are as tough as
you and Kamadaki claim than I need all the help I can get.  Then, I can
teach grandpa and our army everything."

"Are you sure you want to learn my skills?"

"Yes."

"If that is your wish, than so be it.  I will teach you my skills except for
the dark power for that will try turning you to their side.  Do you
understand?"

"I do."

"Good, we begin training as soon as we leave this planet's atmosphere.  I
think I can teach you everything I know by the time we reach Jurai."

The two men continued their walk to Yagami.  They were scheduled to leave in
two hours.

In the darkness of space, a black pyramid hovered.  It was surrounded by
billions of black Jurai battleships, cruisers, and carriers.

In a huge dark room lighted by candles, a couple lay together naked on a bed
with black silk sheets underneath them.

"It has been a long time since we had done this."  Tilana laughed.  "It
feels so good to lose your virginity a second time."

"I am glad you enjoyed yourself."  Varnus smiled and kissed violently on the
lips.

She broke the kiss.  "Down boy.  I think we had our fun.  Go see if our army
is ready."

"At once your majesty."  He said and licked the scar on her face.  He jumped
off the bed and put on his black Jurian clothes.  She watched  with a smile.

"Oh and Varnus."

"Yes."

"Tell Kamadaki to come to my chambers immediately."

"As you wish."  He blew her a kiss and left the room.

She looked up into the ceiling in silence.  Lost in her own thoughts.
<Tenchi!  Why can't you leave me alone?  How come I still have feelings for
you?  I remember everything, including me.crying.>  She panicked at the
thought of her humiliation of crying.  <I shall not cry again.  It is so
weak.  I cried for him yelling at me, and not receiving his love, and
begging him not to leave me to save Ayeka, and when Kamadaki put me to
sleeep.>  She stopped at realizing that he tried to do something with her
memories.

"It looks like we have more to discuss than our little secret."  She said to
herself.  "Oh Tenchi, my sweet."  She froze at the words.
"Tenchi.Tenchi.TENCHI!!  I should hate you not love.  Hate.  Hate!  Hate!!
HATE!"  She yelled in fury and began punching her fists into her pillow.
All because of her having an emotion of love for the first time in her life.

"Are you all right, my empress."  Kamadaki said as he kneeled at her side.

She stopped at the sound of his voice.  She looked at him wondering how she
did not sense his presence.  "I am fine."  She said and got to her feet not
bothering to cover her naked body.  She walked over to a wall and clapped
her hands twice.  The wall began to open slowly.  She walked inside and
spoke to him from inside.  "Does anyone know our secret?"

"No, my empress."

"Good.  Tell me.  What did you do to me?  I remember hearing you say that
you can bring the Ryoko of myself back, but you did not use an item to store
her power in, or format the power into an object.  I can't feel any sign of
her power.  So explain your actions."  She demanded.

"I helped speed the process to your resurrection."  He lied.

"I guess that explanation will have to do."  She said stepping out of the
wall and lay her clothes and boots at her feet.  She walked over to him.
"Enough chat it is play time."  She giggled and grabbed him by the arm.
They walked to the bed where she pushed him down.  She jumped on to him and
kissed him violently on the lips as she unbuttoned his Jurai armor.  "Just
relax.  This is for the times I missed.  She sat up and clapped her hands
three times and the candles blew out.

The lake glimmered under the morning sun.  Tenchi stood looking at it lost
in thought about what was about to be the biggest adventure of his life.
Fighting a friend who wanted to be a lover, and saving the universe from the
same person.  He couldn't believe that he had to kill Ryoko to save the
universe.

"Why?"  He yelled into the sky hoping for a reasonable answer besides the
answer reality has shown him.   It was no use.  He had to live with the fun,
caring adventurer he once knew was naturally a ruthless dictator that has in
some way influenced all of his friends and his adventures.

"Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka called.

Tenchi turned around to see her, but could only smile back.

"Are you.."  She said, but Tenchi interrupted.

"Yes, I am fine.  I am just frustrated with how reality always seems to hurt
me."

"I know.  I also have trouble believing that Ryoko has gone good to bad.
Not to mention that she has influenced all of our adventures by being the
cause one way or another."  Ayeka said and heavily sighed.

"Ayeka."  Tenchi whispered for what he was about to say was hard to talk
about, but everyone had to know.  But, she had to be first.
"Yes, my love."

"When and if we reach the final battle,  let me fight Ryoko alone."  He said
with determination.

"But."

"No, Ayeka it has to be this way.  I think I can bring her back."  He said
and took a step toward her.

"But Tenchi.  You can't beat her alone.  None of us can."

"Maybe, but it is the only way that I can control my guilt.  If I am not
able to bring her back, I will not be able to forgive myself."

"What if you can't bring her back?"

"Then, I will know that the Ryoko I once knew was truly dead.  And...and...I
will be forced to kill her."

"Very well, Lord Tenchi.  Should I tell the others?"

"No, I will.  I must talk to Kagato about it, now.  Come let us go to the
ship we should leave."  He said taking Ayeka's hand.  The two walked to
Yagami holding each other's hand.

The sheets were warm.  Tilana looked over her shoulder at Kamadaki.  "Did
you like?"  She asked him.

"If you wish me too, than yes."  He replied his arms around her warm waist.
She was so soft for a person whose soul was dark and hard.  Her warmth next
to him was very comfortable, but he cannot let desire when him over.  He has
to do his duty first even if he had feelings for this woman in the past.

She couldn't help but laugh at his answer.  "Always loyal to two sides.
Well, don't be.  I am not the same person who risked her life to save the
universe.  Besides, you said you loved me many years ago."

"I do, but my loyalty like you said is split.  I feel guilt."  He said and
tried again to hold his feelings.  <I loved you then, and I do now.  But,
someone else I feel cares for you as much as I do.  I will not betray him.>
Kamadaki thought to himself.

"I think an encore is in need."  She cheered and kissed his shoulder and
slowly turned him around.  They embraced again and became lost in their own
desires.

To Be Continued.

This is the end of chapter 3.  I hope you liked it.  I know the story is a
little close to Ryoko's Precious Secret as far as Ryoko goes even though she
is the antagonist in this story.  But it was intended to be that way.
Ryoko's Precious Secret is for the OVA and this is for the Universal.  There
are more differences, but there are some similarities as well.  If you have
any questions or comments, e-mail me at washu@saiyan.com.  Thank you for
reading my fan fics.  Chapter 4 will come out soon.  Enjoy.
