Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and Pioneer.  Thanks and enjoy the story for chapter five of Evil Within.


Tenchi Muyo!
The Evil Within
Chapter Five:  Invasion and Loss


	Tilana stepped onto the steps to the palace a second time.  She smiled as her forces had Jurai on their knees.  She climbed the staircase to the top and signaled two soldiers on in front of her to open the gates.  The doors opened as the soldiers opened them.  Tilana's eyes glowed in anxiety with every pull the soldiers gave to open the doors.  The doors opened she signaled her force behind her to charge in.  This was easier than the last time.  Jurain men, women, children lay dead on the streets.  They were hit before they could even scream.  She looked at her soldiers again.

	"The emperor is mine.  Take out the rest.  Move out!" she ordered and they all ran in.

 	She walked in behind them, as destiny was so close to her grasp.  The fool Hensai will pay for his deception.  She rested her hand on her hip and looked into the halls.  This place was not like the old palace, but no matter.  She would find the altar.
***
	He watched with a dark grin on his face as Tilana marched in to the palace.  He looked back behind him and whispered, "She's in, master."

	"Good," came the arrogant and proud voice.  "I will have this place under my grasp soon as well as the rest of this universe."  The man stepped into the light.  His silver hair rested down his back as he stood to glance at the damage of their raid.  It was beautiful, but he would have preferred a few more casualties.  "Go Kain, and stop the Emperor.  Kill Tilana, if you must, but destroy the Emperor.  And don't fail me," he snarled and watched as the bald man ran down the hill.

	Kain ran up the steps like lightning.  He looked into the halls and giggled as the black anti-matter began to flow around him.  He grabbed a mask from his pocket and pulled it over his face until the anti-matter completely surrounded his body.  His eyes flared with hatred as he flowed into the palace.
***
	Tilana watched as her men killed everyone in their path.  She looked to see Kamadaki standing by her side.  He did not dare to fight these people.  She shook her head and didn't care, she just wanted the altar.

	"If you aren't going to fight, then go find the altar," she ordered to Kamadaki.

	"As you wish," He bowed and ran through the combating soldiers.  He ran toward the Emperor's door.  He could see it as the golden doors shined brightly.  He stopped as he could sense three men.  "Step out and confront me, Azaka, Tessei, and Tetta," he hollered.

	"They won't fight you, but I will," Tessei said standing out from the darkness.  "Odd how I was working for the dark, and now you are, no matter.  I don't plan to kill.  I am here just to stop you,"  Tessei spoke not even a sign of hatred or happiness on his face.

	"Very well," Kamadaki said his black cloak fell off his shoulders.  He wore the same dark gray outfits the other soldiers wore.  He pulled out a sword from his sheath and starred coldly into Tessei's red eyes.  He took a step forward and smiled as Tessei charged.  The two men battled.  Tessei blocked Kamadaki's blow for his head and swung his staff to trip the man, but failed to connect.
***
	Tenchi sat on his throne as he awaited his fate.  Ayeka was taken away, and now he could deal with Ryoko alone.  He sat patiently.  The sound of crunching could be heard.  Tenchi looked all around for signs of someone breaking in, but found none.  A piece of stone fell to his nose.  He looked up to see a hole in the ceiling.

	"I told you that I would destroy Jurai," echoed the all too familiar dark voice.

	"Kain!" Tenchi yelled.

	"Now, I will bring an end to the royal bloodline of Jurai," Kain bellowed as Tenchi could see the dark figure float to the ground in front of Tenchi.

	"So you didn't die," Tenchi said in disbelief.

	"Yes, boy and do you know why?" asked Kain with a malicious grin.  Tenchi gave no reply, but the anti-matter vanished.  He took off the mask.  His scars and bald head shined brightly in the moonlight.  "This is the real me," he said taking off his tunic to reveal the scars on his chest.  He tossed it off the steps and pulled out his sword.  He brought the samauri blade to his face and waited as Tenchi threw his shirt to the ground and summoned his sword.  The two men looked at each other with hate.  "I am going to kill you like this despise my orders.  You made look like a disgrace in front of my master," he hissed.  He charged without a sound and stabbed for Tenchi's chest, but Tenchi jumped back, but the blade went through his leg.  He screamed in pain and blocked the next attack.
***
Tilana jumped at the sound of the familiar scream.  She ran past all the fighters and knocked out the two Jurai knights with ease as she blasted the door open.  She stood to see a bald man fighting Tenchi.  Tenchi was losing.

	"I can't wait to see the end of Jurai, and neither can my master," he giggled holding his blade to Tenchi's throat.  

	"NOOOOO!" Tilana screamed.  "I know you," she said in hatred.  She took a step forward.  "You're Kain.  You have no right to be here."

	"But I do, you told my master by any means necessary and so I am here," the man licked his lips in delight.

	"Then die," she roared as black energy blew Kain into the wall.  The man laughed as blood spewed out of his arm.  He stood up and the anti-matter surrounded his body.

	"Now try to get through my new and improved body," laughed Kain.

	"Anti-matter can't stop my power," she smirked as another blast blew through Kain's long black arm and was replace by purple liquid.  Kain screamed in pain and then laughed.  "Anti-matter can rejuvenate."

	"Not with my blasts," she laughed as Kain struggled to rejuvenate his separated limb.  

	"How?" he asked in fear and collapsed with the anti-matter still flowing over his body.

	Tilana could feel the power of the altar and blasted a fireball into a nearby wall.  She chanted, "Come," and a marble cube floated out of the hole in the wall.  She lowered it to the ground and placed her hand on top of it.  The marble stone opened in half.  Tilana eyes were of joy as it opened.  She glanced in and jumped back in fright as a long black haired corpse fell out of the cube.

	"Where's my baby?" she screamed in rage and turned toward Tenchi.

	"That is what I would like to know," Varnus said from behind, kicking Azaka out of his way and dragging Kagato into the room.  His black armor shined darker in the moonlight.  "That was your reason from coming here," he spoke in blame.

	"What?" she stood in shock.  "And what was your reason.  That is our son that was incased in there," she yelled.

	"Indeed, but I wanted to conquer the universe.  Our son made an excellent reason to make you join me," he grinned.  "Now, where is the boy, Emperor?" he asked looking at Tenchi.

	"I don't know, and why do you care?  You said it yourself.  You came to conquer the universe.

	"He could make a fine soldier in my rankings," he smiled.  "Now where is he?" he asked again.  "Very well," he sighed and raised his hand as dark energy blew out of his fingertips and knocked Tenchi into his own thrown.

	Kagato looked up at Kamadaki as the knight kicked Tessei over and walked over to him.  He looked back at Kagato and his eyes were asking him to do something.  Kamadaki moved his lips as the spelled out, "Remember."

	Kagato looked at where he pointed and pulled out the odd amulet.  He looked back at the woman in front of him and glanced back at the amulet.  He was her son.  He felt knew energy revive throughout his body as he stood to his feet.  He felt powerful.  His muscles tensed as he struggled to his feet.  He pushed up and moved from under Varnus' grasp.  He stood to look at the surprised Varnus.

	"Greetings, dad," he screamed in disgust and punched his fist into Varnus' chest.  The man flew into the air across the room.  

	He regained his senses and stood to his feet.  He dusted off his armor as if it had germs.  He looked back at Kagato.  "How?" he asked without surprise.

	"I don't know, but I do know that you are behind this chaos.  And now, you are finished," he said with a small grin.

	"You think.  You are half of what I am and what she is.  How can you stop me?" he laughed.

	"What?" Tilana yelled in confusion.  "You are a Jader, how can you be different?"

	"I am not a Jader.  I am what you call the ancient evil.  I am an Ambrel," he smiled in triumph.  "The silver hair should have gave that away, but you were a child when I found you after the Apocalypse.  You and I were the only survivors, the last of our kind.  I pretended I loved you.  I gave you child, so I could have a stronger force when I conquer the universe.  Those are my true intentions."

	"I can't believe I loved you," she spoke in disgust and charged him in rage. 

	Varnus grabbed her right wrist and smiled.  He dragged her into his lips and kissed her.  Tenchi watched as Tilana's back arched upward and she fell backwards mumbling in pain.  Tenchi watched as she fell on her back and blood poured from a hole in her gut.  He glanced up to see Varnus holding a pitch-black blade.

	"You can't rejuvenate yourself now, Tilana.  This blade is a sacred weapon of my people.  It is designed to make your healing powers useless.  Now, die and enjoy it," he laughed.

	Tenchi's eyes flared in rage.  He felt his muscles tense.  He felt stronger and more powerful.  He stood up.  The Jurai power flared around his body, and grew in intensity and size.  Tenchi lost consciousness as the blue light surrounded his body.

	Varnus stood in surprise as the power reached to him.  He slowly stretched his hand to the energy.  His finger sizzled at the touch.  He turned back and grabbed the anti-matter of Kain.  He teleported away as the energy surrounded the planet.  That night, screams could be heard on the planet of Jurai, but it was the invaders that died.
***
	Tenchi opened his eyes to see Ayeka cradling him in her arms.  He sat up to look around and saw the bleeding corpse of Tilana.  He leaped to his feet and ran to her side.   Tenchi placed his hands over the wound and tried to pressurize the wound.  A bright light floated from her chest and the black haired lady returned.

	"Thank you, for realizing my mistake," the ghost smiled.  "The spirit of Ryoko can have her body back.  My time is finished here.  Goodbye, my precious son," she smiled, as tears dropped from her cheek, at Kagato.  "I wish I had more time with you, farewell," she whispered and vanished.

	Tenchi looked back at the body.  It was moving and breathing.  He placed his hand to tilt her head up.  "Ryoko, he whispered.  There was nothing.
***
	Varnus wiped the blood off his hands and dropped the bald head to the ground.  He looked at his guards with a small grin.  "Failure is not excepted.  Failure twice is death," he said to the men.  "Drag Kain's body and burn it.  Now, send the orders that we are to return to my empire.  The men do not have to pretend to listen to Tilana anymore.  She is dead."

	"Yes sir," one of the guards saluted and they left.  Varnus picked up his wineglass and twirled the red liquid inside.  

	"That boy should be dead by tomorrow, if that was Jurai power, or was it?" he asked to himself.
***
	Washu pumped Ryoko's chest.  "We're losing her.  Get me some help down her," she ordered loudly.  "Hang in there, Ryoko," she said as the rolled her bed into the surgery room.  The doors closed behind leaving the emperor and his wife to stand outside alone.

 	Washu ripped open the gray jacket and ordered, "Scissors."  She held her hand out and waited for the tool toe rest in her hand.  She took the scissors and cut the white shirt open.  "Okay, put 33cc's in now." 

	She began to work on the wound and prayed as the time was ticking.
***
	Tenchi and Ayeka sat outside of surgery waiting.  They looked up as Washu stepped out.  Blood covered her gown.  She looked sad.  "Tenchi, I'm sorry," she cried and faltered to her knees.  Tenchi jumped down and caught her.  "She...didn't...make it."

	Tenchi stood up and ran into the room.  He started pressing on Ryoko's chest.  "Come on, Ryoko.  Wake up.  Don't leave me," he shouted pushing harder and faster.  "RYOKO!!!" he screamed and the same light from the invasion expanded from his body.  The light flowed into her, and vanished.  Tenchi opened his unaware of what happened.  He looked back at the monitors made a pulsing sound.  "Washu, she's alive," he cheered.  "She's alive."
***
	Tenchi stood looking at the sunlight rise over the imperial walls.  He saw the reflection of the man standing behind him.  The young looking man stood still starring at his feet as if in shame.  Tenchi felt intimidated by the silence

	"It wasn't your fault, Kamadaki," he spoke calmly.

	"I was there.  I could have tried to stop Varnus, but I didn't.  I made an oath to protect her and failed," he spoke, his words were soft and sad.

	"Did you sleep with her?" Tenchi asked in the same tone.

	"She tried, but in the end, I left.  Only Varnus had his way with her.  That bastard," he cursed, almost in a hissing sound.

	Tenchi turned around.  His eyes were calm and yet hurt as he looked at Kamadaki.  "You loved her, didn't you?" he asked.

	"I did, but not Ryoko.  I loved Tilana.  That is why I didn't abuse her when she wanted me too.  I knew Ryoko was in there, and I wasn't going to hurt her.  But Varnus already did," he said in hate.

	"You did your best.  I just hope Ryoko will be okay.  She's not pregnant, but you're right.  All the memories Tilana had will forever remain with her."

	"How is Ryoko?" Kamadaki asked.

	"She is in a coma.  It has been six weeks, and still no sign of recovery.  Her wound isn't bleeding, but it is not healing either," Tenchi explained with bitterness still in his heart.

	"I'm sorry, my lord," the knight bowed and took his leave.

	Tenchi followed and turned a corridor.  He walked into a dark room.  The sounds of beeping where all that was present.  He sat in a chair and starred at the motionless body.  The sound of footsteps alerted him and he turned to see his wife walk in.

	"Are you all right?"  Ayeka asked walking toward her husband.

	"I am just worried," he replied tiredly.

	"Go get some sleep.  You have been awake for the past three days, I can watch her," she offered in sincerity and love.

	"I love you," he smiled and stood to his feet and kissed her on the lips.  They weren't lip-locked as a shrieking scream broke the kiss.  

	Tenchi turned to see an open-eyed Ryoko.  Her screaming made him feel sick.  He went to her and sat by her side.  "What's wrong, Ryoko?" he asked stroking her hair as an attempt to calm her down.

	"P...ai....n," she mumbled.  Her body shook as she tried to fight it.  She was sweating horribly.  

	"What is going on?" yelled a worried Washu as she stepped into the room.

	"Ryoko is awake, but she is in terrible pain," Ayeka explained hurriedly.

	"There is nothing I can do.  She is hooked up to the best painkillers already," the scientist said disappointed in her failure.

	"Do something?" Tenchi yelled as he saw blood leak from the wound again.  "The wound is bleeding again," he looked terrified as Ryoko began to close her eyes.  She was returning to her sleep.

	Tenchi stood over the wound and didn't know why, but crossed his hands over the wound.  His palms pointed toward the hole in Ryoko's stomach.

	"I am trying something.  Get back," he ordered.  Everyone stepped away as a blue light glowed around his hands again.

	The light flickered and then grew brighter.  Tenchi mumbled some words that no one could hear and the light became a golden color.  He set it over the gushing wound and let the heat from the light do its work.  

	Everyone watched as the wound sealed itself and began to scab.  He then placed the light over a bandage that was about to be used to cover the wound, but the nurse left for more medicine.  He set the light on top of the bandage and let it seep into the soft white material.  The cloth changed color as the light vanished and turned into gold.  He took the bandage and wrapped it over the wound.  His eyes opened and he looked back at his friends.  He felt weak and tired.  Whatever he did took a lot of energy out of him.  He remained standing and glanced back at Ryoko.

	Her eyes were open, and she seemed to be okay.  "Are you okay, Ryoko?" he asked rubbing her cheek.

	"The pain is gone physically, but not mentally," she replied as a tear dropped down to her ear.  "I slept with the enemy," she cried out.

	Tenchi shook his head for everyone to leave.  Ayeka hesitated and smiled closing the door behind her.  "It wasn't you.  It was Tilana," he said soothingly.

	"I feel so sick," she said in distaste.  "I want to die."

	"No!" he said roughly.  "You don't want to do that.  I won't let you," he said calming down.  "Your problems are mine and Ayeka's now," he said, but like it was an oath.

	"Congratulations," she said weakly.  "I knew you would when I left."

	"Ryoko, I'm sorry, but we three are married," he said with a look of worry in his eyes.

	Ryoko could only stare in confusion.  Her thoughts and memories were making her lost in his words.

	"I took two wives.  Ayeka and I are married, but you are also my wife.  I had faith that you would come back to me," he said with a small smile.

	"I am," she replied in a whisper.

	"I will stay here with you, and so will Ayeka.  Why don't you rest and we will watch you," he said warmly.  "And here is something that I failed to give you," he said seductively.  His lips connected to her forehead and traced down her nose.  Ryoko closed her eyes as she felt his breath mix with hers.  His lips clenched with hers and they remained in the kiss for a short while.  Tenchi pulled away and winked at her.  "I love you," he said passionately.  "Now get some rest," he smiled and watched as she closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.  He sat in his chair and continued watching her sleep.  One battle was over, but it would not end until Varnus was dead.


TO BE CONTINUED...

	Thanks for reading my fan fic.  Please direct all questions and comments to washu@saiyan.com.  I enjoy reading your comments.  Stay with me because this one could be one of my longest fics.  Enjoy the next chapter.
