
Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of AIC and Pioneer.
I hope you like the story.  Enjoy.

Tenchi Muyo Universal Continues…
Episode 1:

The sun shined bright as the morning light shined over the Masaki House.
Two giant logs sat in front of the gate.

"It is another beautiful day," said Azaka.
"Yes it is.  I wonder what new adventures will come now that Kagato has been
defeated," said Kamadaki

Back in side the Masaki house…

"Ryoko!!!  Where are you?  We have work to do.  It is your turn to dust the
house,"  Tenchi yelled.
I don't know where that woman could be Lord Tenchi.  Honestly, you would
think she was up at the crack of dawn.  Sometimes I just can't stand that
woman," said Ayeka.  "Sasami, have you seen Ryoko this morning," Ayeka
asked?
"No, I haven't Ayeka.  I only saw Kiyone and Mihoshi leave this morning to
do their morning patrol," said Sasami her sparkling eyes revealing her
happiness.

Meanwhile in Ryoko's room…

"No… noooo.  NOOOO!!! Ryoko yelled in her sleep.
Tenchi and Ayeka ran into the room.
"She is in some sort of deep sleep Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka said.
"Washu, we need you up here."  Tenchi yelled as loud as he could.
"What's wrong?"  Sasami asked out of breath.  She ran as soon as she heard
the scream.
"Sasami, go get Washu, and hurry."  Tenchi ordered gripping his hand on
Sasami's shoulder.  Sasami nodded her head and ran out of the room.

(Minutes Later)

Now everyone is in Ryoko's room watching as Washu examines Ryoko.
" She will be okay.  She is jut tired or she is having quite an interesting
dream.  Or she and Tenchi are having some time in that head of hers."  Washu
said placing her tools back in her black medical bag.

Ayeka grabs Washu by the shirt and lifts her to the air.
"What do you mean by that Washu?"  Ayeka asked in violent anger.
"Okay, okay!  I was just trying to let you understand that Ryoko is having
an interesting dream.  Sorry."  Washu said.
Ayeka sets her down and say, " That's better."

"But Washu.  She was screaming."  Said Tenchi.
Well then, maybe you were an animal Tenchi." Wahsu says as she shrugs Tenchi
in the chest.
"WHAT!!!"  Ayeka exclaims in anger.

The real Jurian knights, Azaka and Kamadaki hold her back.
"Please Princess control yourself."  Kamadaki says.
Tenchi looks around to notice that Washu is gone.
"Quiet!!!" Tenchi yelled.  "Has anyone seen Washu?"

Everyone looks around and Washu is nowhere in sight.
"She disappeared again."  Tenchi sighs.

"No I didn't.  I just went to go get my Sweet Dream Teleport Viewer XT7000
machine.  This device can allow us to see into Ryoko's dreams.  Shall we
take a peek.:
"Yes, lets see what Ryoko is doing to Lord Tenchi in that horrible head of
hers." Ayeka said.
"Oh boy!"  Tenchi sighed.
"Okay then.  Here we go."  Wahsu said as she turned on her machine.

In Ryoko's dream…

Ryoko is running from something, but they could not see who or what it is.

"LEAVE ME ALONE!!!"  Ryoko screamed.

Back in the Masaki house…

"Washu, what is going on inside of Ryoko?"  Tenchi asked in frustration.

" She is running from an entity of some sort."  Washu says.

"We have to do something."  Tenchi says in panic.
"I  can send two of you there.  The only problem is that you will be there,
but not in your bodies.  You will only exist through your mind.  Your bodies
will remain here while your minds go to the plane of dreams.  Do you
understand?"  Wahsu explained and asked.

"Yes."  They all said in agreement.
"Good.  So, who are going to be my two volunteers?"  Washu asked rubbing her
hands together with an evil smirk on her face.
"I will go."  Tenchi said.
"I'm coming with you Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka demanded.
"No, Princess.  You must stay here.  I will go instead."  Begged Kamadaki.
"I owe Ryoko my honor and thanks for what she did for us to get to Kagato.
Please my Empress, Let me go."  Kamadki said as he bowed.

"Very well, Kamadaki.  But you protect Lord Tenchi and come back to us."
Ayeka said in defeat.

"I will my Empress." Said Kamadaki.
"O.K..  Are you two ready?  Washu asked.
Tenchi and Kamadaki shake their head in agreement.

Washu flips the switch on.  Tenchi and Kamadaki's bodies shake then lay by
the machine with no movement in them.

In Ryoko's dream…

"Leave me alone."  Ryoko screamed.  She was running in darkness.  She looked
back into the black space, but still could not see her attacker.  "Why am I
running?"  She asked herself wiping the sweat off her forehead with the back
of her hand.  She stopped.  She didn't know why, but her instinct warned her
of some sort of danger ahead.  "Who are you?"  She yelled.

Two giant, golden feline eyes opened in front of her.  They began to glow
faster and faster.  Ryoko summoned her energy blade and took a defensive
stance.  The heat from the glowing eyes was intense.  Ryoko could not
concentrate and fell to her knees.  Her energy sword vanished and Ryoko
wrapped her arms around her.  "I am so scared.  This feels to real to be a
nightmare."  She said wiping the sweat from her brow.  Ryoko closed her eyes
hoping that the dream would end when she opened them.  She opened them to
see fire surrounding her and the eyes still glowing a red light.  "Help me!"
She screamed in fear as the red light flashed on her.  Ryoko closed her
eyes, but opened them after feeling no heat.  She looked up to see Tenchi
using his tenchi-ken to absorb the heat.

"Are you okay?"  He asked not turning his head to look back.

"I think so."  She said wiping the tears of joy from her face.

"Tenchi, focus your energy out of the sword and release it those eyes.  I
will fire my energy after yours."  Kamadaki said standing his Jurian staff
on its base.  He twirled it around him and a white light flashed around him.
He picked up his staff and the light went into the red jewel on top of the
staff.  He then pointed the staff at the golden eyes.  The light flashed
violently and Kamadaki yelled a battle cry and the light flashed over the
eyes.  "Take that."  He yelled.

Ryoko looked to her other side to see Tenchi flashing the same light that
Kamadaki did.  He set the tenchi-ken across his chest and had his other hand
holding the tip of the blade.  He pushed the sword toward the eyes and
screamed a battle cry as the energy left the sword flowing over the fire
eyes.

"Tenchi jump."  Kamadaki yelled holding his staff in front of him as he
jumped toward the eyes.

Tenchi looked up to see Kamadaki in the air.  "He is going to strike the
left eye."  Tenchi said realizing Kamadaki's plan.  Tenchi jumped and held
the tenchi-ken with both hands ready to strike.

Kamadaki sliced the left eye in half.  They eye melted releasing crimson
blood.  Kamadaki looked to his right and watched as Tenchi stabbed his sword
into the pupil of the golden eye.  It vanished the same way the other eye
did by releasing crimson blood as it melted.

The blood and eyes were gone, but the darkness began to shake.  Tenchi fell
on his back as Kamadaki fell on his stomach.

"You and I will meet soon, Ryoko.  Very soon."  A feminine voice whispered.

Ryoko sat on the ground with fear on her face.  "That voice sounds so
familiar, but I can't put a face to it."  She spoke to herself and crawled
over to Tenchi's side.

"Ryoko, we will see you in a minute."  Tenchi said as he got to his feet.
He looked back at Ryoko and helped her up to her feet.

"This is a dream, Ryoko."  Kamadaki said as he walked toward them.

"What do you mean?  It felt so real."  Ryoko said with fear shining in her
golden eyes.  She wrapped her arms around her chest at the thought of heat
released from the eyes.

"You are in a deep sleep.  We don't know how or why, but Washu sent our
minds to bring you back."  Kamadaki said placing his hand on her shoulder.

"I will see you in the real world."  Tenchi said and winked at Ryoko.

Ryoko could only blush, and placed her hands on her face.  She turned away
in embarrassment.

"We did it, Washu.  Take us back to reality."  Tenchi yelled into the
darkness that was all around them.

Ryoko watched as the two figures of Tenchi and Kamadaki vanished in a bright
purple light.  She shivered at the thought of being alone in the darkness.

In Ryoko's Room...

Tenchi breathed in the fresh air and opened his eyes.  He looked around to
see everyone looking at him.  "Can you wake Ryoko up, Washu?"  Tenchi asked
her as he got to his feet.

"I will as soon as Kamadaki awakens."  She replied looking at the monitor on
the machine that took them into Ryoko's dream.

"Did we accomplish our mission?"  Kamadaki asked as he opened his eyes and
breathed in the cool air.

"We will find out soon enough."  Washu said with a smile on her face.  She
reached to the side of the machine and pushed a red switch.  The lights on
the switch turned off.  "Now we wait."  She said and crossed her arms and
stared at the sleeping Ryoko.

"Tenchi."  Ryoko said sleepily.  Her eyes opened slowly.  She blinked
several times as her eyes tried to focus on her surroundings.

"Welcome back."  Tenchi said and kneeled at Ryoko's bedside.  "How do you
feel?"  He asked smiling at her.  He watched as she sat up and began to
stretch.  It always amazed him when she would stretch.  She looked so much
like an innocent cat.

"Confused."  She said with no emotion in her voice.

"Perhaps I can explain, Miss Ryoko."  Kamadaki said and walked to the front
of her bed.  "Someone or something has the ability to control dreams.  It is
a deadly power for it is a method to control a person's mind and actions."
He said with emptiness in his eyes as if he was somewhere else at that
moment.

"Is it possible to do something like that, and who can do it?"  Ryoko asked
with fear of the answer claiming that it was possible.

"Yes, it is.  I knew someone from my time who had that ability."  Azaka said
as he walked to Kamadaki's side.  "There was a great war in the universe."
He said as his eyes began to look like Kamadaki's.

"An unknown army was invading Jurai.  It was powerful.  The war lasted for
two Jurian years.  The army destroyed all of our defenses and invaded the
palace."  Kamadaki finished.

"We fought the one who appeared to be the leader.  I will never forget his
name."  Azaka said.  His eyes were still empty.  His left hand formed a fist
and he brought it up to his face.  "Varnus."  He said with hate in his
voice.

"He could control dreams."  Kamadaki said as his eyes looked at the ground.

"How do you know?"  Ayeka asked, as she became interested in the story.

"He controlled me though my dreams."  Kamadaki said as a tear fell down his
cheek.  "I have disgraced my name and Jurai.  If Azaka did not knock me out
and fight Varnus.  I would still be under his control."

"Did you kill Varnus?"  Sasami asked in fear that this man was behind
Ryoko's nightmare.

"No, I did not.  We were fighting, and then a light flashed out of the
emperor's throne chamber.  The only thing I could remember was Varnus
leaving after the evil force that was behind the dark army vanished under
the Emperor's light."  Azaka said as his eyes returned to their natural
state.

"What did the Emperor do?"  Yosho asked as he entered the room.  He was
pulling on the edge of his mustache.

"He absorbed the dark power."  Azaka said.

"I remember him telling us to watch his son closely.  He said that his son
would inherit the power he absorbed.  We never felt the power return, until
we fought Kagato."  Kamadaki said scratching his chin.

"Yes, the emperor of your time Yosho must have given the dark power to
Kagato, and because his ambitions were for conquest; it took over his body
and soul."  Azaka said pulling on the bottom of his beard with his other
hand that was not tightened into a fist.

"Yes, I felt it too.  I also know the entire history of the power being
passed down."  Yosho said and walked to the center of the room.  "Kagato
passed the power to a beautiful woman, who married the new emperor of Jurai.
The pattern continued until a mysterious baby was born.  The baby had a
twin."  He said and looked into Ayeka's eyes.

Ayeka jumped back.  She wondered why he was looking at her.

"Ayeka you are the twin sister I am talking about."  He said.

"I have another sister."  She said in shock.  She sat down into a chair.
She looked back at Yosho with tears in her eyes.  "What happened to her?"
She asked as Sasami went to her sister's side.  She wanted to know who other
sister was too.

"She was tossed out of the palace by the emperor.  The empress refused to
let the baby go, but the emperor was law of Jurai and the baby was left in
the alleys of the city below the palace.

"Why did he do such a terrible thing?"  Sasami asked as tears fell down her
freckled cheeks.

"The other baby looked nothing like him or the empress.  It also produced
all of the dark energy."  He stopped to catch his breath.  "The baby was not
born with their genes, but just the evil power of ages ago."  He said and
straightened his glasses.

"Just like that.  She is tossed into the streets to die."  Tenchi commented
as the story interested him.

"Yes, but to be found by two people who raised her as their own.  She lived
on Jurai for a while, but moved to many planets, until the only parents she
knew died by a bounty hunter.  That was ten years ago.  The little girl was
only seven."  Yosho said.

"So what does this have to do with me?"  Ryoko asked in frustration.  "I
like the story, but it doesn't explain what is wrong with me."

"But it does, Ryoko."  Yosho said as he looked deep into her golden eyes.
She looked back at him in frustration.  "You are that girl, Ryoko."  He said
and waited for her to speak.

"You mean that Ryoko is my twin sister."  Ayeka said in anger.  "That is
impossible."

"Be quiet Ayeka.  Show a little sympathy.  Ryoko has spent most of her life
living a lie."  Yosho flared with anger.  "How would you feel, if you were
the one tossed out by your parents?"  He asked her.

Ayeka froze still in the chair.  "You are right.  It is my duty as a Jurai
Empress to help a person in need.  Ryoko..."  Ayeka bit her bottom lip for
what she was about to say.  "forgive me for my comment."

"I do."  Ryoko said with a grin.  "It doesn't bother me much because I only
knew the people who raised me anyway."

"Ryoko, did you get the bounty hunter that killed your parents?"  Sasami
asked.

"Yes, I did.  But, I didn't kill him.  I handed him to the authorities and
left before they knew I was there."  She said as a tear fell down her cheek
at the memory of her parents.

"Listen."  Yosho ordered and waved his hands for everyone to look at him.
"Whatever the power that tried to conquer the universe in the past was, is
now back.  I believe that it wants Ryoko.  In order, to regain its power."
Yosho said as the light reflected off his glasses.

"It has to be Varnus."  Azaka said bringing his fist to his chest.

"It might be, but I think he might have an accomplice."  Kamadaki said.

"What do you mean?"  Washu asked feeling left out of the conversation.

"When we were fighting the eyes, I heard a woman's voice whisper to Ryoko.
It was claiming that she would get Ryoko."  He said in wonder.

"We will wait and see what this all means soon enough.  I bet that this
nightmare is a warning that they are not far away."  Washu said and got up
and left the room.

"We shall wait."  Tenchi said and everyone around him nodded in agreement.

Outside the Earth's atmosphere in a black Jurai ship that looked like the
imperial ship...

"Well done, Ryoko.  I have finally found you."  Said the man as he stroked
his hand down his long white hair.  "Ah!   Those two Jurian knights are
still alive.  This will be fun after all."  He said and looked into a hand
mirror that lay on the arm of his command chair.  He looked at himself in
it, especially his eyes.  He loved the silver color of his eyes.  It made
people afraid of him just by looking at his eyes.  "Let the games begin."
He said and laughed maniacally.

To be Continued...

This is the end of Chapter one.  I hope you liked it.  This one was my first
fan fic, but I lost it and wrote Ryoko's Precious Secret.  Enjoy because
chapter two is on its way.  I love to hear comments about my work, so just
e-mail me at washu@saiyan.com.  Thanks again for reading my fan fics.
