Disclaimer:  The characters in this fic are property of AIC 
and Pioneer.  This is it the next chapter.  Here we find 
out that Ryoko is a mysterious creature that plans to 
takeover the universe.  Go figure.  We also find out that 
Tenchi is falling head over heels for Ayeka, but he still 
plans to bring Ryoko back.  The team is back traveling in 
space to Jurai.  They are going to prepare for a war with 
an ancient evil.  Read and find out what happens next.


Tenchi Muyo!
The Evil Within
Chapter 4:  Preparations


	Tenchi stood on the palace balcony watching his 
grandfather train the new recruits.  They arrived in Jurai 
a week ago and informed them of the danger ahead.  The 
council instantly panicked at the threat and offered him 
the throne again.  He accepted this time, but his 
conversation with Kagato still haunted his thoughts...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
***
"You are mad."  Kagato yelled in fury.  "You can't 
beat her alone.  It will take all of us to face her."

"I know, but you have taught me what I need to fight."  
Tenchi yelled in a pleading return.

"Yes, but that is not enough.  Even Jurai's armies 
couldn't stop her in the past."

"Maybe, but the Emperor defeated her."  Tenchi 
screamed in annoyance.

"Yes, he did and died trying!"  Kagato spoke with 
great emphasis on his last words.
***
Tenchi blinked as the last words of their argument 
still haunted him.  He turned and walked into his room.  A 
glass of water rested on the golden desk by his bed.  The 
desk was designed differently from any of earth's treasures 
from royalty.  The four legs took the shape of thick tree 
trunks and the flat surface was glass, but had the rings of 
a cut down tree.  

Tenchi picked up the glass and drank the water.  The 
water cooled his dry throat as it flowed down.  He looked 
up as the sound of footsteps approached his door.  The 
heavy double doors opened and Azaka stepped in.

"Princess Ayeka, is here to speak with you, your 
highness."  Azaka said in a military tone as he bowed and 
took his leave out the door.
Tenchi sat on the bed as Ayeka stepped in.  She was in the 
same white garments she wore when he abdicated the throne.   
She was beautiful.  Tenchi almost leaped to his feet, but 
her hand signaling him to sit stopped him.

"My lord, now that you are Emperor, and the council 
has listened to the danger ahead, what now?"  Ayeka asked.  
She grasped the robe that lingered of her shoulders.  She 
stepped closer to her Emperor.

"I don't know.  They gladly welcomed me back to the 
throne at the mention of our enemy."  Tenchi said looking 
into her purple eyes.

"They did. Didn't they?"  Ayeka asked taking a seat 
beside her liege.

"The fight will begin in about four months.  That is 
the maximum time that our generals predict."  Tenchi said 
taking Ayeka's hands into his.

"So soon?"  Ayeka asked a little afraid of the 
upcoming war.

"Unfortunately, yes," Tenchi said sympathetically.

Ayeka starred worriedly at her future husband.  "Are 
you okay?"  She asked and turned his head so she could look 
clearly into his eyes.

"I just can't get over the idea that our enemy is 
Ryoko.  She helped us defeat Kagato, and almost died.  Now, 
she has become the dictator we tried to stop those months 
ago."  Tenchi mumbled trying to hold back the tears that 
were forming.

Ayeka felt as bad, but she had to remain strong.  That 
was her duty, when the emperor was down.  She had to be 
strong, the fate of the universe depended on them.  "I 
know.  We will win this war and bring Ryoko back.  You will 
see.  You will see."  She promised as Tenchi cried on her 
shoulder.

***
He loved the stars and now he was on the search for 
the enemy.  This was unusual riding in the vessel of his 
former goddess.  Tilana, the goddess of the Khan-lin de, 
she was his master, but no more.  He had to serve the right 
way, not the wrong. 
"Ryo-Ohki, take us to full speed."  He ordered.

*** 
	Tilana licked her finger.  She was so bored.  It was 
taking too long to reach Jurai.  Her armies were ready and 
waiting.  The first battle will begin in three days time.  
She relished the wonderful thought.  Stroking her black 
hair, she changed it back to its cyan hairstyle.  She 
glanced at her scar in the mirror.  The thick line of flesh 
slid down her cheek like a serpent.  It was worth it 
though.  That scar was her reminder of failure against the 
emperor of Jurai those many years ago.  

	The sound of her chamber doors alerted her.  She sat 
off her bed and turned to see her guest with little 
enthusiasm.  She straightened her uniform and crimson cape.

	"What brings you into my chamber?" she asked, but 
really demanded.

	The man stepped into the light his silver hair shining 
brighter than ever.  "You know why I am here," he smirked.  
He waltzed to where she sat.  "I have come to give you the 
report."

	"And?" she signaled impatiently with waving her right 
hand.

	"There is a cruiser ship sighted from our scout ships.  
Do you want the ships to take it out," he said, his 
feminine like voice gave Tilana the chills.

	"Yes, it wouldn't be a surprise attack if it reports 
back.  Now would it?" she said annoyed with the report.  

	"Of course not, but there is one minor detail," he 
said stroking back a strand of her hair.

	"And that is?" she asked raising a confused eyebrow.

	"It is your former identity's old ship, Ryo-Ohki, that 
we spotted.  I just want to make sure you realize what you 
are about to do," he smiled with delight that made her turn 
away from him.  The man was dangerous, but he did establish 
her armies and more.

	"Yes, I am aware.  Do it," she ordered and signaled 
him to leave.

	Varnus bowed and left the room.  He walked out of her 
quarters and strolled to another chamber.  He opened its 
door and walked in.  The chamber was surrounded with 
computers and gadgets of alien technology.  He looked into 
the center where a man was restrained with harnesses.  He 
was bald and pale skinned.  Scars rested down both his 
cheeks to his chin.  His eyes were open, but dark in color, 
almost black.

	"So how did it go?" asked the restrained man, his 
voice was low and almost inhuman.  

	"Perfect," Varnus replied scratching his chin with a 
huge grin on his face.  "She has almost fully assimilated 
into Tilana.  She just has one more test," he giggled 
suspiciously.

	"And that would be?" asked the man with the same 
smile.

	"She has to kill her one true love," he laughed at the 
thought.

	"And when does this test come up?" asked the strange 
man not moving from his chair.

	"On Jurai, when the invasion begins."

	"So what is my task?" giggled the man.

	"You are to meld with the anti-matter again.  And 
don't forget the mask.  I can't allow you to lose control 
of your powers, like the last time," Varnus said, his voice 
was disgruntled at the thought.  "And KAIN."

	"Yes, my master," bowed the man's head.

	"Don't screw up again.  This is your last chance.  
Fail and you can dance with the devil," he smiled as the 
man's smile faded to fear.  He turned away and remembered 
another important task.  "One more thing," he said with his 
index finger pointing to the ceiling.  "Stay out of 
Tilana's way when you are assimilated to the anti-matter.  
I can't allow her hatred of you from her former identity to 
resurface.  Is that understood?"

	"Crystal," replied the man.

	"Good," Varnus turned to a mirror that stretched 
across the wall.  He looked into it and tapped his right 
hand two times on the glass.  "Begin assimilation," he 
ordered and left the room as the sound of electricity 
echoed.
***
	The servant gasped for air as he reached his liege's 
feet.  He wiped the sweat off his brow and licked his dry 
lips.  

	"What's the rush?" Tenchi asked starring at the new 
trainees.

	"My lord, Ryo-Ohki has been sited, but there is no 
response," said the servant as he wiped the dirt off his 
knees.  Worry shined on his face as he still tried to catch 
his breath.

	"It's them," Tessei declared from behind.

	"Who?" Tenchi asked not bothering to look at the man 
who spoke.

	"Khan-lin-de," spoke Tetta.

	Tenchi's eyes narrowed at the sky.  His destiny was 
nearing.  Ryoko will return.

	"Could you kill her?" Yosho said standing in between 
the two knights.

	"What?" Tenchi snarled.  His eyes were filled with 
hate.

	"Could you kill her?" he repeated, keeping his 
position in between the knights.

	"How dare you?" he hissed.  He raised his fist to 
fight.

	"She wouldn't hesitate killing you," he said in the 
same arrogant manner.

	Tenchi's eyes bulged as if he was stabbed in the 
heart.  He faltered backwards and placed his hands to his 
eyes murmuring in a whisper, "She wouldn't dare.  She 
couldn't."

	"But she would," Tessei spoke placing his hand on his 
one time enemy.  "She is a different person."

	"Your Majesty," Tetta spoke up.  "Now we must prepare 
our defenses.  You can use your sleep to think about her 
later."

	Tenchi relaxed and stood to his feet.  He nodded his 
head forward.  "You are right, Tetta," he said sincerely 
and took his leave past the three men.

	"You are to wed Ayeka, tomorrow," Yosho announced 
sternly.

	Tenchi stood amazed and turned to look at his 
grandfather.  "Why?" he asked stunned by the announcement, 
since he was not aware of it at all.

	"With the reports of the sighting of Ryo-Ohki around, 
our enemy is closer than we think.  Jurai needs an heir to 
the potential of an heir to the throne, while you are in 
battle.  You lover her and she you.  So the council has 
decided for marriage," Yosho explained flatly.

	"Dose she know?" Tenchi asked in concern.

	"Yes, she just found out before you did," Tessei said.

	"Is she all right?" Tenchi asked.

	"I am not sure, my Lord.  She left without a word to 
the royal library," Tessei replied.

	"Very well.  You all are dismissed," Tenchi ordered 
and watched the knights take their position outside his 
room as his grandfather continued down the royal hall.

	Tenchi took a deep breath and followed behind.  He had 
to speak to Ayeka immediately.  He walked past the knights 
who followed him as soon as he passed.  They remained 
silent and waited for his order.  They were not to leave 
his side unless he ordered them to wait outside the room or 
place he entered.
***
	Ayeka read the documents before her.  The documents 
were old and wrinkled.  It amazed her they didn't turn to 
dust in her very hands. The documents were hand written and 
used with ink that no longer exists on Jurai.

	The story she read was horrible, Tilana was not after 
war she was after something that the emperor of Jurai at 
that time stole from her, but what?  Ayeka shook her head 
in stress and continued her search.  She was determined to 
find a way to help save Ryoko.  She turned the page to find 
small sheets of paper folded.  She took them out and opened 
them.  They were pages from a journal.  She read carefully:

	<Royal Journal...

	The woman was after me.  She found out about the altar 
and has formed an army to take away my empire.  The Jaders 
and Anbrels were supposed to be extinct, but I have found 
them to be alive.  The most powerful races created by 
Tsunami.  The Great Apocalypse was said to have obliterated 
them all, but Tsunami protected them.  Soon, we Jurians 
will replace the last of these lords of the universe with 
our own power.>

	Ayeka glanced at the other papers and placed them down 
in disgust.  They were entries of other things.  It seemed 
odd.  The emperor talked about a woman coming after him.  
It had to be Tilana, but what for?  What did he take to 
her? And where was this so-called altar?  She could only 
wonder.  She needed more and had to find Yosho at once.  He 
may know at least about who the Jaders and Anbrels were.

	She closed the book and walked her way to the door, 
but jumped back as the man of her dreams stepped in.  The 
royal crown rested proudly on his forehead.  His firm brown 
eyes were filled with trouble as he took her into his arms.

	"Ayeka, I am sorry," he whispered.

	"For what?" she asked innocently.

	"About our soon to be marriage.  I know you wanted to 
take it slow," he said sincerely.

	"I did, but that is not bothering me.  You are, and I 
am trying to help," she said.  Her stance at that single 
moment made her look like the empress she always wanted to 
be.  She was beautiful.  Tenchi almost knelt to his knees 
at her presence.

	"Me?" Tenchi asked a little confused.  "How?"

	"You want to save Ryoko, and it is making you 
miserable.  Yosho told me about our arranged marriage and 
mentioned about how it has been that way since the Great 
Apocalypse.  I looked at our records and found this," she 
spoke pulling out the folded piece of paper in the journal.  
She allowed Tenchi to read it.

	"What does this mean?" he asked.  Confusion shined 
brightly in his brown eyes.

	"This record book talks about the council's 
discussion.  They claimed that Tilana was searching for 
something.  She wasn't trying to conquer Jurai.  We stole 
something that belonged to her, and that altar is it.  But 
I don't know where this altar is anymore.  Certainly not 
here," she said.

	"What about the old Jurai ruins where we hid from 
Kagato those few months ago?" he asked with a hint of joy.

	"Good thinking.  I will assemble a search team and we 
will investigate the matter.  You continue with the 
training of the troops.  And I should be sorry about the 
arranged marriage.  It happens a lot in politics," she said 
sadly and left Tenchi alone in the library.

	He sighed deeply and walked out of the library.  He 
was so lost in thought that he almost did not hear his 
knights' footsteps from behind him.  This was more than a 
war.  It was a search for truth, and right now, Jurai was 
hiding something.
***
Tilana sat on her throne.  This was annoying that she was 
getting nowhere.  She rubbed her finger along her scar over 
and over.  She looked over in front of her again.  She 
starred there, but something was familiar.

	"Your name is Kagato.  Is that correct?" she asked 
demandingly

	Blood trickled down his lip.  The man's green hair was 
scattered.  He was resting on his hands and knees, but did 
not answer her question.  Ryoko nodded her hand, and 
watched in delight as the whip launched over his shoulder 
and sliced up his bare chest.  He didn't scream, but gave a 
light moan.

	Tilana getting bored with the interrogation, stood up 
and signaled the men in black robes to quit.  "Put him and 
that cabbit in their cells, but separately," she ordered 
and took her leave to door on the side wall horizontal from 
her throne.


	"What are you planning?" Kagato mumbled in pain.

	Tilana stopped at the front of the door and turned 
with a sly grin on her face.  "Let's just say that you and 
that cabbit are on their way home with news of our arrival.  
The only problem is that Jurai fleet will be to eager to 
chase the ship and get the information.  That will leave us 
to attack from behind.  Once we are on the surface, Jurai 
will not dare attack us from above for fear of killing 
their own in the fire," she giggled slightly.

	"I once fought for your beliefs, but now I know whose 
beliefs I was following," he said in disgust as the guards 
dragged him away.

	"And whose beliefs are those?" she questioned 
tauntingly.

	"When you figure that out, then you can be called a 
ruler of our world," he answered with a sly grin as the 
guards carried him off.
	Tilana felt weak in her knees and limped weakly to her 
throne.  She collapsed into the royal seat as beads of 
sweat traced down her forehead.  She knew the truth, that 
traitor was wrong about that.  She just couldn't confront 
the real power behind her force.  Just as long as she gets 
back what belongs to her, the shadow in her army can rule 
the universe.  She only had to wait one hour before the 
invasion began.
***
	Celebration was in the air on Jurai.  The crowd 
cheered for news of the marriage traveled the land like a 
blazing fire.  Fireworks lit the skies, and the people sang 
songs of joy.  Confetti lay on the streets of the imperial 
palace, and balloons were released into the sky.

	Inside the palace, the atmosphere was the opposite.  
The members of the court remained silent for they knew 
about the danger that was about to occur.  Tenchi and Ayeka 
lay on the bed in their room.  Both were naked under the 
sheets, as they stared at the ceiling.  They had completed 
the marriage rituals.

	"Why do you think the council moved the wedding date 
sooner than what was originally planned?" Ayeka asked 
leaning over to confront her new husband.

	"Since the sighting of the Ryo-Ohki, the council 
thought of it being a ploy.  Meaning the enemy is closer 
than expected.  We had little time to wed if we waited any 
longer," he said turning to see her bright purple eyes.    
His eyes grew into fear as he saw an image of a woman 
inside the wall.  She had long black hair, but her eyes 
were golden.  Her skin was well tanned and she wore a 
silver dress.  A tall man stood in front of her.  He wore 
the royal crown of Jurai.

	Ayeka glanced in the same direction and shook in 
terror as she saw what Tenchi did.  She didn't look away, 
but kept watching the scene before her.  "What is it?" she 
mumbled.

	"I don't know," Tenchi replied as the images began to 
speak.  Ghostly sounds entered their room.

	"Hensai, where is my child?" the woman cried.

	"He is safe.  But you never told me what you were.  So 
now that I know, you will give Jurai the universe and make 
us gods.  Do that, and the child is yours?" smiled the tall 
man.

	"You call yourself an emperor," she hissed in disgust.  
"You are no different than a dictator."

	"Help me and the child is yours," he ordered.

	"Never," she whispered.  "You will rue the day you did 
this.  The father of that child is worse then I.  And he 
will show no mercy.  Enjoy peace, while you have it, 
Emperor," she spoke softly, but hatred was in every word.  
At the phrase of her last sentence the images vanished.

	A firework lit in front of the palace and where the 
images stood a shadow formed behind the wall.  It was like 
a table or something.  Tenchi slowly crawled out of bed and 
tiptoed to the wall.  He knocked on the wall to hear a 
hollow tap.  He glanced at Ayeka as she covered her naked 
body with a silk robe and walked behind him with his robe 
in hand.  She handed it to him and he put it on.

	"What's wrong?" she asked in concern.

	"This wall is hollow.  There is something on the other 
side," Tenchi replied and formed an energy ball of Jurai in 
his hand.  The blue light touched the wall and it melted by 
touch.  He continued until her formed a passage that they 
could walk though.  

	He took Ayeka's hand and they walked in to the dark 
passage.  Echoes of the arguments could still be heard in 
dark place.  Tenchi's energy ball lit a spot for a torch.  
Tenchi place the ball in the slot and the room lit up 
instantly.  Tenchi admired in awe as they were walking in 
circles.  There was no long tunnel.  It was another room.  
In the center was an altar, but it was a good jump down for 
there was no staircase to reach the altar.  

	Tenchi jumped down and raised his hand to carry Ayeka 
down.  He caught her hand and as she jumped pulled her into 
his arms and gently rested her feet on to the solid stone 
floor.

	They walked over to the altar and saw pictographs 
drawn around the stone cube.  The pictographs had a small 
figure resting in a cube.  A woman and man confronting each 
other and then spears and swords surrounded by fire.  After 
that, the figure in the cube is standing on top of it.

	"What does it mean?" Tenchi asked.

	"I don't know," replied Ayeka.

	"It is the history of the war and what happened to the 
altar," explained an all too familiar voice from behind.

	Tenchi and Ayeka turned to see the familiar glasses 
and gray hair.  "Grandpa!" Tenchi exclaimed in surprise.

	"My father was the son of Emperor Hensai.  The man 
that disgraced Jurai and our family name.  My family only 
knew the truth.  My father burned his journals and hid the 
altar in his own room.  He then freed the child from the 
altar that was imprisoned in there and filled the blank 
space on the altar with that part of the story.  I wasn't, 
but a baby when he did this.  He said that the child was 
adopted by a family of the court and never seen again," 
Yosho stood with his hands resting behind his back.

	"He covered it up," Tenchi said in disbelief.  The 
truth of politics came to his mind again and he hated 
bureaucracy even more.

	"Yes," Yosho said quietly, almost in a whisper.

	"That woman," Ayeka spoke out.  "That must have been 
Tilana from the past.  She was after her son.  They hid her 
son from her, but why?" Ayeka said thinking aloud.

	"Because my grandfather found out that she was one of 
the ancient races.  She was a Jader.  He wanted to use her 
ancient power to conquer the universe and make it part of 
the empire.  He used her son as ransom for her to follow 
him.  If not, he would raise the child as his own and do it 
that away, but the war happened and he lost his life.  The 
child remained sealed until my father came.  Now, she is 
coming back to nothing," he said with regret in his voice.  

	"This war is for another reason," Tenchi said looking 
at the ground lost in thought.

	"What do you mean?" asked Ayeka leaning her head on 
Tenchi's shoulder.

	"I am not sure, but something is not right.  I think 
Tilana is be played as a fool again," Tenchi said, but fell 
to the ground as the earth shook.  Tenchi stood to his feet 
as the war sirens sounded through out the palace.  "Damn, 
we're under attack.  Grandfather, get Ayeka to safety.  I 
have to prepare the forces," he ordered and leaped onto the 
upper level.  He ran out of the room in a rush.

	"Come Ayeka, let's get you to safety," Yosho said 
taking her hand and they ran out of the chamber as well.


TO BE CONTINUED...

That is the end of this segment.  Stay tuned for the next 
chapter.  Send all comments and questions to washu@saiyan.com.  
Thanks for reading my stories.
	
