Disclaimer:  The characters in this fan fic are property of 
AIC and Pioneer.  This is the sixth chapter of Evil Within.  
Enjoy the fic.


Tenchi Muyo!
The Evil Within
Chapter Six:  Ryoko's Sick



	Ryoko coughed more blood.  She felt horrible, but the 
pain was gone.  Washu told her that the wound was not 
improving at all.  If Ryoko didn't start to heal soon she 
would die.  She could only lose so much blood.  Her eyes 
were watery as more blood dripped down her cheek.

	"You poor thing," came a soft, but familiar voice.  
Ryoko looked up to see Ayeka starring at her.  Ayeka had a 
white cloth in her hand and wiped up the blood Ryoko 
spewed.

	"Ayeka," she spoke, but her word was barely a whisper.

	"Save your strength," Ayeka said lovingly.  "You will 
need it." 

	"What's happening to me?" Ryoko asked as fear of death 
entered her mind.

	Ayeka's eyes lit in surprise.  She stood back in 
fright and opened her jaw, but no words came out.  She 
tried again and said sadly, "Since you have awakened, 
Tenchi went to earth to take care of things there, but 
Ryoko..." she said trying to change the subject, but the 
woman's golden wet eyes caught her.  She had to tell Ryoko 
the truth.  "You will die in two days, if you do not get 
better soon.  By then, you would lose too much blood," she 
spoke bitterly.

	"I am...dying," she spoke, but she never thought that 
her life would end so quickly.  A month or two weeks were 
believable, but two days.  She felt panic and wanted to 
run.  She squirmed slowly and weakly in her bed.

	"NO, RYOKO!" Ayeka screamed in worry.  She ran to hold 
the woman down.  She pushed Ryoko down, but Ryoko was 
determined to move.

	"Easy Ryoko," came the soft, caring voice of a man.

	She looked back to see Tenchi standing behind her.  
His hand was resting on her shoulder.  "I came as soon as I 
heard," Tenchi told Ayeka and smiled to calm down her 
worry.  He looked back at Ryoko.  "Ryoko, I won't let you 
die," he swore taking her hand in his.  Ryoko closed her 
eyes and drifted off to sleep.

	"I'll watch her.  Go get some sleep, love," he kissed 
Ayeka and she slowly walked out of the room.  

	She walked down the hall to Washu's lab.  Washu was 
hunched over her computer.  Ayeka knocked and called, 
"Little Washu!"

	Washu turned to see her guest.  Her eyes were droopy 
with exhaust.  She had been up for the past week trying to 
find a cure.  Her skin was pale for lack of sun.

	"Washu, what have you found?" Ayeka asked.

	"Nothing," came the over worked words.  "I know it's a 
poison, but without knowing how it works in the Jaders 
bloodstream, she will die," she said without hope.  "There 
was a legend that the Jaders had wings.  They were believed 
to be angels, and the founders of Atlantis, an ancient 
civilization on Earth.  Anyway, these wings had massive 
healing potential, but Ryoko doesn't have these wings.  
Somehow Varnus sealed them from her knowledge and maybe 
even her body."

	"We need to find out more.  I will check the library 
again.  You get some sleep.  You are no good to us tired, 
Washu, and that is an order," she said sternly and turned 
to leave, but Yosho stood at the door.

	"I know another Jader," he said.

	The two women starred at him in confusion.  His face 
did not change as Ayeka asked, "What did you just say?"

	"I said I know of another Jader," he repeated.

	"Who?" Ayeka almost pleaded grasping his robe.

	"Tenchi," came the slow reply.

	"What, how?" she asked as shock took over.

	"His grandmother was a full blooded Jader.  Tenchi's 
mother was half, and he is a quarter.  He might not be able 
to produce the wings, but he can use their power.  The 
spell he casted on her was one of their most powerful 
healing spells.  But the wings, are the most powerful."  He 
straightened his glasses and continued, "Tenchi is unaware 
of his genes.  We have to try to get him to find out how.  
He might not be able to produce wings, but he can teach her 
how."

	"I will talk to him," Ayeka spoke and left Yosho to 
lead Washu to her own room.

	"You have done enough for one day, Washu," he smiled.
***

	Tenchi sat on the imperial throne waiting for news.  
News of finding Varnus or Ryoko's health.  News of the 
fallen Empress traveled throughout the empire.  Nobles and 
merchants from the far reaches of the empire came to pay 
their homage to one of his sick wives.  He accepted their 
gifts, and welcomed them with open arms.  Most of them 
refused his offer and left that very day.  

	"Sire," came a low shilling voice of a man.

	Tenchi looked down to the foot of the huge golden 
doors.  A man surrounded in rainbow colored robes stood 
before him.  He almost looked like he was from the Middle 
East in earth.  His black mustache was waxed and stood 
horizontally parallel to the ground.

	"What can I do for you..." he spoke, but intentionally 
paused to allow the man to speak his own name.

	"I am Dedaletus, from the northern part of your 
empire, my lord," he said taking a bow.  He straightened 
his posture and starred at Tenchi for a short while before 
he continued.  "I have a gift, but to you and not your sick 
wife, I am afraid to say."

	Tenchi leaned forward on his throne.  The little man 
caught his interest.  "Go on," he said.

	"I am a rich merchant that deals in carbonated pipes 
for ships' engines.  On my way to a client of mine, I saw a 
single ship cross my path.  It hailed me to stop, and in 
fear of them shooting me down, I did.  They wanted some of 
my pipes for their engines on that ship.  But the man I saw 
was no ordinary traveler."   The man's eyes grew in 
intensity as the fear he felt when he saw the man returned.  
"No ordinary man at all.  His eyes and hair both were 
silver.  His hair flowed down his back.  This man wore 
black armor and a sword always rested at his side.  And his 
voice, oh God his voice," the man shrieked.  "It was filled 
with hate and yet calm and smooth.    This man told me to 
tell you that he is returning to take Ayeka unless you 
don't hand over Jurai."

	"And why did you come to me with this message?  You 
could have ran away and forgot about it,"  Tenchi asked 
curiously for someone's loyalty.

	"Because he said he would kill my family if I didn't," 
the man cried.

	"Very well.  Thank you," Tenchi said with gratitude 
and took his leave.

	The man allowed the guards to lead him out and walked 
down the hall.  He turned a corner and lingered in the 
shadows.  He made sure no one was around and pulled the 
skin on his cheek.  The turban fell off and the man's face 
came with it followed by blood.  The silver haired man 
wiped the blood from his face and threw the robes on top of 
the face.
	"Thank you Dedaletus.  It is a pity I already killed 
your family.  That is why I needed your face and not you," 
he smirked and placed his hand over the bundle.  The pieces 
of cloth vanished along with the face and blood.

	Varnus straightened his black tunic and trousers and 
walked across the hall to where to guards stood.  "Sleep," 
he whispered and the almost alerted guards remained in 
their positions with their eyes open, but they didn't stop 
him from passing.  He walked into the now unguarded hall.
***
	Ryoko's breathing was paced.  She was scared.  Her own 
sweat drop made her turn to where it hit her pillow.  She 
looked down to where she heard a low murmur.  A shadow 
crept along the wall.  She stopped breathing as she 
recognized the shadow.  Every curve of the shadow was 
familiar.  She tried to force a scream for help, but only 
her heavy breathing could be heard.  She almost cried in 
fear.  She prayed just to hear her voice, but nothing came.  
She saw strands of the silver hair slip past the door.  
Like a scarred cat, she struggled to the bedpost behind 
her.

	"Hello, Ryoko," came the voice of death.
***
	Tenchi ran down the hall.  All of his guards paid no 
heed to him.  Something was definitely wrong.  Ayeka was 
all right, but it was Ryoko that was in trouble.  Ayeka had 
more guards in fear of her safety, but Ryoko didn't have as 
many.  

	"That lying bastard.  He knew I would do this, and for 
my stupidity Ryoko maybe dead," he said to himself as rage 
was attacking him.  

	He turned the corridor to see another set of guards in 
a trance.  He rushed into the room to see a stream of blood 
dropping from the bed.  Ryoko lay cuddled into a ball.  She 
was shaking in fear, and her mouth was open as if she was 
screaming, but no sound came.

	"Ryoko," he whispered into her ear.  He looked around 
in anger.  "Where are you Varnus?" he roared in rage.

	"Behind you," came the confident reply.

	Tenchi turned to see a man resting on a seat.  His 
arms rested on his knees as he was leaning forward.  He 
wiped away a strand of hair.  "I almost finished her off.  
It is a pity you fell for my plot, but you were also 
quicker than I anticipated," he smiled.

	"Guards," Tenchi called.

	"Too bad," he shook his head tauntingly.  He stood to 
his feet as purple energy flared around his body.  "Too 
bad, indeed."

	"You won't escape," Tenchi said in hate.

	"I will, for you can't hunt for a ship that you can't 
see or sensor.  Farewell, Tenchi," he giggled and vanished.

	Tenchi turned to the now running in guards.  "Find an 
unknown vessel and shoot it down," he ordered.

	"Sir," saluted the guards and they left.

	Tenchi turned back to Ryoko.  He wrapped his arms 
around her.  "It is all right, Ryoko."  He looked down to 
see the wound wider than before.  "What did that bastard do 
to you?" he cried.  He felt his heart pound harder and 
harder.  Ayeka and Ryoko are his wives.  They both were 
used to be hurt or hurt him.  He couldn't take it anymore.  
His family was not going to be harmed anymore.  He felt his 
love for the two of him grow.  A pain intensified in his 
upper back.  He shouted in pain as wings shot out his back, 
ripping his cloak and tunic off.  The wings made him feel 
warm.  He wrapped them around his beloved Ryoko, but froze 
as half of her face appeared to be burned.  Ryoko's eyes 
opened.  She seemed to be at peace.

	"How?" she asked in awe.

	"I don't know, but my senses tell me this is the right 
thing to do.  When the wings heal the wound back to where 
it was when you received it, summon your own wings and we 
will break the spell," he explained.

	Ryoko nodded her head slightly.  She felt so sick and 
weak, that she fell limp.  Blood leaked down her face.  

	Tenchi immediately took action and watched as a golden 
light flowed through his body to hers.  Tenchi watched as 
the wound slowly formed a clot.  He looked back to see the 
same happen to her face, but if it scarred, she would look 
awful in other's eyes.  He didn't care about her looks for 
she and Ayeka where the people he loved.  Their spirits 
attracted his love.  

	He pulled back unfolding his wings.  The wings 
vanished with a thought and Tenchi cradled her in his arms.  
He was not going to lose her this time.  "How do you feel?" 
he asked tenderly.

	She opened her eyes slowly and starred at him.  "I 
feel better, but it still hurts," she moaned.

	"You will be all right, now," he said and turned to 
the entrance of her room.  "Guards!" he yelled.

	Five men instantly ran into the room.  Jurai swords 
and staffs ready.  Tenchi waved his hands to have them 
lower their weapons.  "Get the serants and have them move 
Empress Ryoko to our chamber.  Empress Ayeka and I will 
watch her.  Also move Washu's quarters next to ours, so she 
can monitor Empress Ryoko.  Is that understood?" he spoke 
loud and clear.

	"Yes, sir!" they spoke in unison and began doing as he 
bid leaving the couple alone.


	"You'll be fine, with us," he said snuggling closer to 
her.
***
	"My plan is perfect," echoed the low old voice.
	
	Varnus sat on his one knee kneeling to a scribbled 
video screen.  He looked up at the monitor with a small 
grin.  "Yes, Emperor Nas." 

	"Good, then the girl you found must be dealt with 
again.  But next time, you will kill her and give me a 
sample of her blood," the voice of Nas echoed in the small 
chamber.

	Varnus' eyes grew cold as he starred at the screen in 
horror, "My lord?" he asked puzzled.

	"You will kill her, Varnus," he repeated.

	"But why?" he asked.

	"The games must end and the full part of my plan must 
begin.  And that means, she must die," the emperor spoke 
without regret.

	"Your majesty, she might be worth more to us alive," 
he pleaded.

	"You claim you care for no one, but this girl is 
different.  I see that, now," the emperor chuckled.

	"See what?" Varnus asked remaining calm.

	"I see that you would not do a thing to harm her, but 
if you can't.  Then, I will send someone else to handle the 
job," the Emperor almost sounded demanding.

	"No," Varnus almost sounded like he was begging.  

	"Hmmmm," the Emperor hummed almost as if he was 
threatened.

	"I will do it, sire," he hissed, but sounded 
convincing.

	"You are indeed an enigma, Varnus," the Emperor said.
	Varnus glanced back at the screen.  His face frozen in 
hate, but to the emperor he looked the same.  "I will not 
fail you, my Lord.  Ask and it is yours," he said loyally.

	"I want my plan to succeed, Varnus," he sounded like a 
god as he spoke.

	"And that is?" Varnus asked eagerly.

	"Patient!" order Emperor Nas.  "Just do as ordered and 
all will be revealed," he laughed.

	"How am I to kill her?" he asked.

	"She has been moved to the Emperor of Jurai's 
bedchamber.  You are to find away to kidnap and kill her on 
your ship, by yourself," he ordered.

	"And how do I do that?" Varnus asked.

	"You are a bright boy figure it out.  I have to meet 
with my four generals.  So don't fail me," echoed the 
voice.

	"As you wish," Varnus bowed.

	"It would be a huge disappointment to me, if you 
fail," he said.

	"I won't," Varnus hissed.

	"Good, then bring her body to me dead," the emperor 
ordered and signed off as the screen went blank.

	"I won't," Varnus repeated and turned to leave.
***
	The old man turned to face his generals.  A huge 
device rested behind his throne, and looked to be connected 
to his back.  He smiled at the four men before him.  He 
played with his long white beard that rested at his feet.  
His bald and wrinkled head shined in the dark room.

	"Report," the old man ordered.

	"Our armies are ready," bowed one of the men.  He had 
long black hair and a small beard.  He looked to be a 
little over middle aged as he stood straight.  He was a 
heavy man, but not fat.  He was well built.  Two of the men 
behind him were heavy and fat, but their dark armor also 
made them look strong.  They appeared to be older than the 
dark haired man in front of them.  Both had red hair, 
mostly grey and looked the same in the face.  The last man 
was skinny and looked small in his armor, but a rested at 
his side.  He had short brown hair and an evil smirk on his 
face.  He also looked to be the youngest of the four men.
	"Excellent, General Talp," he applauded.  "The twins 
are to move their forces closer to your rear, General," he 
ordered.  "Galp," he said pointing at the young man in the 
group, "is to take the front.  Our invasion will begin as 
soon as Varnus and his shadow lancers complete the tasks I 
have for them," he smiled.  "Now go," he waved them away 
and watched them leave his chamber.  

	He rubbed his long fingernails against his bony flesh 
with excitement.  "At last my machine is to be ready and 
the universe mine," he laughed.

	"Do you hear me, Hyte?  MINE!!!!" the Emperor laughed 
in joy.  His laughter echoed throughout the dark room.  


TO BE CONTINUED...


	Thanks for reading my stories.  That is the end of 
Chapter six.  Keep reading to find out more of what 
happens.  For comments and questions, e-mail me at 
washu@saiyan.com.  I love reading you comments.  Thanks again. 

	
