Disclaimer:
I do not own or wish to own any of the characters mentioned within this
story. They are owned by Pioneer and other people, not me...so don't sue me.
I don't want a lawsuit...unless thats a new type of clothing...in which case
I might concider it. Don't take my money....I'm saving for college and more
anime and can cry on demand especailly in court. Plus I'm broke anyway. So
don't sue please!

A Universal Love


Chapter One

"You know I won’t help you save that other women. I am a space pirate after
all" Ryoko said, almost in a whisper. She clung to the wound at her side,
trying desperately to hide the blood that still flowed, from her only love.

"I know..." Tenchi looked Ryoko over. Something was horribly wrong, but he
couldn’t quite place his finger on it. He knew he should go, but her eyes
cried "Don’t leave me!" too loudly. He looked down at his sword, the one
that pointed towards his destiny; the Jurian palace. Kagato was waiting, and
he knew it. "Aeyka...." His thoughts wandered towards the princess in
distress. What of her? Why is he standing here, when she is in so much
danger? "Lord only knows what he is doing to her". He cringed at the
thought, and let the anger for Kagato stir deep inside him. And all at once
he was reminded of why he hadn’t left.

"What are you waiting for?! A written invitation?! I’m sure Kagato meant to
send you one, it just got lost in the mail. Quit being so damn polite
Tenchi, and storm the f*cking palace!" Ryoko gasped, suddenly breathing
extremely hard. It was then that he saw it; a perfect drop of blood fall
from the right hand at her side. They both watched as it splattered the
ground and quickly spread and sank into the Jurian soil.

"Ryoko...what...?" He glanced at her eyes, and then back at the wound on her
side. Her red outfit was soaked with blood. How could he have missed it?

"Just go! Leave Tenchi! I’m fine! LEAVE ME!" Her eyes were frantic as tears
poured down her face. She leaned forward and pushed him sharply with her
left hand, all the while clutching the wound with her right. Tenchi fell
back slightly and caught her as she fell to her knees.

"Why didn’t you tell me?" Tenchi asked gently holding her shoulders as he
laid her down, "Why did you leave the ship? Ryoko...please tell me." Behind
them Azaka and Kamadake stood, silent and intense. They watched intently,
eager for there prince’s orders.

"I....I love you Tenchi. Thats...why....I wanted to make sure you were
safe....I didn’t want you to see....", Ryoko struggled to get up, but he
held her down. Tears streamed down her face as she lied on the earth, facing
the foreign sky. "Just go. Please. I’ll be fine. You have to save Aeyka. She
is in so much danger. Go to your destiny. Don’t worry," she faked a half
smile, " I’ll go back to the ship and wait for your victory call."

"Oh Ryoko..." Tenchi began to cry as he struggled to find the real reason
why his heart couldn’t desert her. And all at once he knew.

"I can’t leave you Ryoko. I can’t leave you because....I love you!"

Ryoko lay motionless. Her tears had stopped and her eyes stared blankly at
the sky.

"Ryoko?" Tenchi peered forward and down at her face. "Ryoko?!" He shook her
slightly. The hand that had been pressed to her side so tightly fell gently
on the ground beside her. Slowly her eyes rolled upward, almost rolling to
the back of her head. Tenchi grabbed her intensely. "Ryoko?! No! NO! Come
back! Don’t leave me..I ....Azaka! Kamadake! What.....NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!"
Tenchi clung to Ryoko’s motionless body, sobbing hysterically. His thoughts
trailed off to all the time they had spent together, in space and on earth.
Why hadn’t he told her earlier? So many opportunities. His heart ached as he
rocked her dead body back and forth. He pulled back suddenly and let her
down. "I wont let you go that easily Ryoko." He wiped away his tears and
closed her eyes. "Not after all we have been though. There is still so much
living to do. And I have to tell you...."

"Prince..." Azaka put his hand on Tenchi’s shoulder as he stood up. " What
do you want us to do? Lady Aeyka is still in the palace. We don’t know what
Kagato is doing to her. And...she is gone Prince. We need to leave."
Kamadake stood behind, nodding in agnolagment.

Tenchi looked blankly at them, as if deep in thought. Suddenly, he bent over
and picked up Ryoko. He started towards Ryo-oki. Turning sharply to the
confused knights he asked, "Do either of you know how to fly a cabbit?"

In Kione’s ship:

Washu climbed up the stairs to the co-piolet chair beside Kione. "Sasami
made us some tea."

"Ahh....nothing soothes the soul like her tea. It’s a shame she’s a
princess. She would have made a very nice wife. I’ll bet they won’t even let
her go near a stove at the palace." Kione slowly sipped at the steaming cup.
"How’s everyone holding up?"

"Well, Lord Katsoheto is feeling a little better. Good enough to eat some of
Samsami’s carrot stew at least." Washu stared at the stars laid out before
her. "Does anything feel, I don’t know....off to you?"

"No," Kione replied, "other than the obvious. I hate waiting." Suddenly the
door behind them opened. "Oh, hi Sasami."

"Hi! I was wondering where you went off to Washu. Could I speak to you, that
is, if your not to busy?" Sasami peered in the door, her blue pigtails
bouncing. She glanced at Kione. "You don’t mind do you?"

"Not at all," Kione smiled, "We were just staring at the beautiful stars and
trying to think happy thoughts."

"Thank you!" Sasami led Washu into an adjacent and somewhat darkened hall
just outside of the bridge. " Washu, I know this sounds really weird but I
felt something, a while ago. Like a feeling in my gut. About Tenchi. I’m
really worried..."

Washu turned to look at the planet they were passing out the porthole. The
blue-green of its waters reflected off her face. "It kinda looks like
earth," she thought, "Beautiful."

"Washu? Do you think I’m crazy?" Sasami struggled to get a better view of
the expression on her face. " I wouldn’t blame you if you did. I thought I
was going crazy too." She rested her head on the nearest wall. " But when I
was washing dishes a minute ago I just...I don’t know. All of the sudden my
stomach dropped and I thought of Tenchi. It was almost as if I could feel
his pain. A gigantic pain. You know what I mean?"

"Yes," Washu began, " Because I just had the same feeling about Ryoko. I
think that they are both in serious trouble. But we are in no shape to turn
around and help them. Nor do we have the kind of manpower to do much of
anything once we get there." She turned and looked at Sasami. "Unless they
try to contact us I’m afraid there isn’t much that we can do." They stood
together starring at the planet.

"Uh....guys.." Kione suddenly poked her head out from the door to the
bridge. " I think you need to see this..."

In the Jurian Royal Palace

Aeyka stood in her force field chamber beside Kagato. He sat on his throne,
tapping his fingers against the arm rest.

"Must you do that?!" Aeyka snapped, her arms folded.

"Easy Princess, I was just tapping my fingers....you seem a little
tense....perhaps I could..." Kagato rased his eyebrow, "...help you to
relax?"

"Keep away from me you slimy beast." Aeyka clutched her stomach, "I’d rather
die then be within inches of you."

"That can be arraigned." They had been bickering for hours like this. Kagato
glanced down the steps to the door at the beginning of his throne room. " I
wonder when that kid is going to show his face." Kagato wondered silently.

Aeyka too looked towards the grand door to the place. "Come on Tenchi," she
pleaded, "Come save me. I need your help. I know you won’t leave me." She
began to cry softly. "Please Tenchi....hurry...."



Chapter Two

On Jurai

"Fly a what? Prince, wait up!" Kamadake struggled to follow Tenchi towards
Ryo-oki. He wondered for a moment if this new prince was completely sane.
"I’ve heard living on Earth can do bad things to you. Makes you somewhat
crazy." He thought.

Tenchi ran towards the ship, Ryoko’s body in his arms. Slowly he climbed
inside and onto the bridge. " Ryo-oki!" He yelled.

"Meeeyyooowww?" She answered in a pained voice. She could feel Ryokos death
inside her heart.

"I need your help," Tenchi began, as Kamadake and Azaka climbed in beside
him, "I need you to try to communicate with the others. Can you open up a
transmition?"

"Meyow!" Ryo-oki answered, and began to hail the other ship.

Tenchi took Ryoko’s body to the other side of the ship, so as not to
frighten the others when Ryo-oki got ahold of them. He leaned down and
kissed her forehead. " I’m going to try, Ryoko."

He stood and walked towards the screen. "Hail them Ryo-oki."

"Meyow!" Suddenly Kione, Sasami and Washu appeared on the screen before him.
Kione looked frightened, but Washu and Sasami almost looked....relived.

"What can I do for you Tenchi?" Washu asked. Then she saw it. "Oh...oh
no....not this.." Tears welled in her eyes. " I didn’t think it was this
bad..." Sasami and Kione looked at Washu, and then in the direction she was
looking. Both burst into tears.

"Oh no! Tenchi I knew something bad happened!" Sasami cried. She looked at
Tenchi. "What can we do?"

"That is where you come in Sasami," Tenchi began, "you are the only one of
us who can save her now."

"What are you taking about Tenchi?!" Washu yelled angerly, "There is nothing
any of us can do now! We can’t bring back the dead! You know that!"

"Washu calm down please," Tenchi stared intently at Sasami, " Sasami, do you
remember when you told us all that you weren’t really you? You were another
person named Tsunami, when in actuality that is the person you were going to
become? You said she had powerful Jurian healing capabilities right?"

"Right," She sniffed, " but I don’t know how powerful. I just told you guys
what she told me."

" Do you think you could try to use those powers to bring back Ryoko?"
Tenchi pleaded, "Please?"

"I guess I could try...." Sasami nodded, "But wouldn’t I have to be near
her?"

"And on Jurai," Washu began, "Even if you were to get Ryokos body here,
Sasami would still need to be near her tree in order to have any success at
all. And she can only do that on Earth or on Jurai."

" Thats where you come in Azaka and Kamadake," Tenchi turned to face the two
royal knights, " I need you two to fly Ryo-oki and pickup Sasami and bring
her back here. Hopefully by the time you get back I will have beaten Kagato
and it wont be any trouble for you to get back on the planet."

"But sir," Azaka started, " I was never taught how to fly a cabbit. We were
bairly taught what cabbits are."

"Well heres where I come in boys," Washu lightened up, seeing now where she
could help, " I know how to fly Ryo-oki. Heck, I invented her! Because I’m a
super genus! Ha ha! Anyway I can tell you what to do. Then I can fly it on
the way back."

"Then its settled right?" Tenchi breathed a sigh of relief. " Then I need to
go and face Kagato." He turned for one last look at Ryoko, lying on floor of
the bridge.

" Good luck Tenchi," Washu looked at him, and then at his eyes watching
Ryoko. " He loves her. Finally he is able to admit what we knew all along."
She thought. Tenchi suddenly took off running out of the ship.

"Ready boys?" Washu began, "Come to mama!"

Outside of the ship, again on Jurain soil.

Tenchi ran towards his destiny; the Jurian palace. His thoughts however,
were not at the task at hand, but rather to the space pirate he loved. "I
hope Sasami can bring her back." For a moment he pictured his life without
Ryoko. Tears welled in his eyes as he thought of how very different life
would be. Then anger. " I will make Kagato pay for the damage he has done!"
Just before reaching the palace, he glanced up; strait into Kagato eyes.

"I tire of waiting for you," Kagato began, "so I decided to come outside,
since obviously that is where you want to fight." Tenchi stood at attention
glaring at his arch rival.

"Ready?"

Chapter Three

On Ryo-oki

" Washu...." Kamadake struggled with the controls, " are you sure this is
going to work?" Behind him Azaka flew from one end of the ship to the other,
half in being tossed around and half trying to help control Ryo-oki.

"Sure I am! I’m a super genus after all!" Washu cheered." Now just place
your hands on the two floating orbs in front of you. Use your mind and will
to control her and steer her. Is it working?"

" Uh, I believe so......" Kamadake squinted, " What is that bright light
coming towards us?"

"Meeeeyeeeeoooooowwww!" Ryo-oki cried in pain as several lazer shots blasted
through two of her wings. The Jurain army had spotted them, and were not to
happy about the previous "virus" incident.

"I don’t suppose this cabbit has any shields?" Azaka searched for some sort
of button to push that could perhaps delay any further damage. Much to his
dismay, the controls were completely foreign to him.

"Uh Washu? A little help here please?!" Kamadake began to panic as shots
were fired.

" One moment please..." Washu concentrated on something below her. Several
more shots blasted through Ryo-oki. Suddenly she popped up in the center of
the bridge. Both men jumped back. " Guys....they can’t be trusted to do
anything. Outa my way!" The childlike Washu pushed her way past the giant
knight. Taking charge of Ryo-oki, she quickly maneuvered to space and far
past the Jurian blaters that protect the planet. " The girls are already
halfway here," Washu began " now all we have to do is wait."

"Uh, mind explaining how in the world you got from here to there?" Azaka
asked, a little frustrated, " and why you didn’t just bring Sasami?"

"Because," Washu addressed him as she would a ten year old, " I created
Ryo-oki. Therefor I can feel her and she can feel me...I guess you could say
we have a connection. As much as Ryo-oki and Sasami like each other, they
don’t share that bond. Thats why I couldn’t bring her."

"Oh...I suppose that makes sense," Kamadake stared at the stars back in the
direction of Jurai. "I hope Prince Tenchi is doing alright," he thought to
himself.

On Jurai

Tenchi looked down at his sword and closed his eyes. He could feel the
Jurian power swirling inside of him, like a whirlpool around his heart.
Suddenly his hand felt hot and he opened his eyes. The sword had expelled a
brilliant blue beam from its center, both beautiful and deadly. He held it
out in front of him and tested its ability by trying a few of the moves his
grandfather had taught him. For a moment it was just him and the sword, its
majestic blue could light an entire galaxy full of darkness. Then he heard
her scream.

" Lord Tenchi!!!!!" Aeyka’s scream was recognizable and terror filled. He
looked up to see the two evil knights holding her down as she struggled to
run to her love.

" Aeyka!" Tenchi screamed back, and began to run towards her. But something
stooped him. Kagato sword.

" Want the girl? This lovely princess," Kagato slow strutted over to where
Aeyka was being held. "She’s quite beautiful. It’s the Jurian blood in her,"
he brushed his fingers against her pink cheeks. " The Jurain people are
quite attractive. As you can see." His arms rased to demonstrate his own
appearance.

" Get your hands off of her and fight me. I’m the one you want." Tenchi
glared angerly, preparing to dual.

"Wrong!" Kagato yelled, walking closer, "I want both of you. I want an end
to the direct blood line of Jurai. Only then will I truly rule. And thus,"
he rased his sword, "I must put an end to YOU!" Kagato swung his sword
towards Tenchi, who met it within millimeters of his own. The two held for a
moment, allowing the lights to mix and spark.

"I will not allow you to hurt anyone else!" Tenchi struggled to push
Kagato’s sword off of his. The two began to duel.

"Your not bad Prince, but not good enough!" Kagato, in a suprisingly fast
move, knocked Tenchi’s sword to the ground. The air suddenly grew tenser as
Tenchi panicked and went into position for hand on hand combat.

"If he hits me with that sword I’m toast," he searched frantically for some
sort of weapon at his feet that could match Kagato’s. But even his blue
sword didn’t contain that much power. Slowly he backed up, fists and body
tense, ready for a fight, as Kagato strutted towards him, sword ready to
pierce Tenchi’s beating heart. Suddenly a gust of wind hit Kagato and Tenchi
at the same time. Tenchi jumped out of the way as Kagato sword came towards
him to see Aeyka in a glowing brilliant light, floating just above the two
fallen knights.

"I will not let you harm Lord Tenchi!" she mustered up all the strength she
had been saving in the place. The hate for Kagato suddenly burst inside her,
and she shot at him her vengeful feelings.

"Aeyka!"

Chapter Four:

On Ryo-oki

"There she is...." Washu steered the ship towards Kione’s. She wiped the
last tear from her eyes. "I can’t believe it...my only daughter...my
creation...". She shook her head. "No I must not cry. Ryoko wouldn’t have
wanted me to cry, would she Ryo-oki?" Her thoughts could be read by the
cabbit that slowly approached and ported the ship.

"Meeeeyyoowww..." Ryo-oki seemed in agreement. No one had spoken the entire
trip. The silence had nearly killed Washu. All she wanted was for things to
be alright. Slowly the door opened to show a somber crowd. Sasami’s eyes
were red, but she stared intensely at Washu, ignoring anything else except
the task at hand. Kione and Mihoshi were holding each other, and had never
looked so grief stricken. And then Washu looked behind them and stared in
disbelief at what she saw.

"Lord Katsoheto! And Nagi!" Washu began to walk towards them in wonder but
then suddenly turned. "Azaka, can you, get...um...Ryoko..." She felt awkward
in asking such a kind man to do such a horrible job, but the body had to be
taken elsewhere. Nagi suddenly gasped.

"I didn’t realize...." Nagi’s voice cracked and a single tear dropped from
her eye as she blinked.

"Nagi, showing emotion?" Washu thought as she peered at the bounty hunter.
"I thought they were enemies. Well I guess everyone can change." She climbed
out of the ship after Azaka and began to take charge. " Kione, Mihoshi,
please set a corse for the Jurian place. Go in the back way, the route I
showed you before." They nodded and ran towards the bridge.

"What do you want me to do Washu?" Sasami asked in a surprisingly somber
voice.

"She looks as if she has aged a few years, " Washu thought to herself. She
smiled. "Sasami I want you to go rest. It is going to take a lot of strength
to accomplish what your about to try to do. Go eat and save your power. We
are counting on you. And speaking of rest," Washu turned to Lord Katsoheto
as Sasami walked away, " why on earth aren’t you in bed? When I left you, it
was hard for you to even eat stew. Now your walking around like everything
is fine. Go back to bed now!"

Yoshio laughed. "Oh Washu its alright. When Sasami told me what happened I
suddenly got a burst of energy and I," he faltered slightly , catching
himself on the railing of the ship, "I wanted to help. I have tree too and I
could try to help out a little." He held himself up and Washu saw how much
she could hurt his pride if she denied him this chance.

"Alright," Washu agreed reluctantly. "Then that means you must go rest now,
like Sasami. You will defiantly need all the strength you can give." Yoshio
nodded and stumbled away. Finally she turned to Nagi. " Um didn’t you just
leave?"

" I.....I...Kenoki wouldn’t let me," she began, " And I.... oh I don’t know
why I’m here or why I’m crying!" she yelled. "All I know is that I want to
help. And if I don’t, Kenoki isn’t going to stop bothering me about it for
weeks!" Her breathing had become sharp and heavy.

" Why don’t you fly outside of the ship then?" Washu approached Nagi slowly,
and put her hand on her shoulder , " You could fly cover while we approach
Jurai. That would be really helpful." "Even though it should be clear," she
thought. Washu stared deep into Nagi’s eyes, observing the newfound
compassion that lied within them. But with a blink it was gone.

"Okay, well I’ll help you," Nagi started, brushing Washu’s hand off her
shoulder, "But only because I want to be the one to kill Ryoko. Not Kagato."
She straightened herself up and started towards the port door. "Come on
Kenoki." The little cabbit bounced behind her towards the other side of the
ship.

"Thank you..." Washu began, but soon realized her thanks fell on deaf ears;
Nagi knew how much she was appreciated and needed. "Funny how things
change." she thought with a smile. Suddenly she was jerked to the left
sharply. She fell against the edge of the ship. " Is that a shot?" she
gasped.

"We’ve been hit!" Mihoshi screamed over the intercom. "Washu I thought you
said this way was going to be clear!"

"Shit, it was..." Washu’s brain searched for a reason why the Juraian army
was attacking there ship. "They should be down by now.....that means
Tenchi....."

On Jurai

A giant shield bubble surrounded Kagato just in time to block Aeyka’s energy
blast. "Nice try Princess," he laughed, "is that the best you can do? Really
I expected more from someone so prissy and picky."

Aeyka gasped for breath. "No, you slimy fake, I can do better." She briefly
closed her eyes and began to concentait all her power into her outstretched
hand. Slowly she rased it above her head as it glowed brighter and brighter.
Kagato took a step towards her, half intrigued with this demonstration of
strength.

"Aeyka! Please don’t hu-...." Tenchi began to yell. She had no chance
against someone as powerful as Kagato, and he knew it. "She’ll kill herself
before she gives up." And then he saw it. "She is giving me the opportunity
to get my sword!" He slowly started towards the shaft that lied only a few
feet away.

"Oh give me a break Princess." Kagato rased his sword and swung at Aeyka.
Sparks flew as his sword met her shield and began to break through.
"Gaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!" Kagato screamed as he clutched his sword with both his
hands.

"Nooooooooaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!" Aeyka suddenly flew back forty feet
against the ground, unmoving. Tenchi dove for his sword. Tumbling to his
feet he swung at Kagato, who easily ducked and met his next swing. Suddenly
a ray of light burst from Kagato and knocked Tenchi off his feet. Tenchi
grabbed for his sword and backed up as Kagato strutted towards him, sword at
Tenchis neck.

"Good try Prince Tenchi," Kagato pushed forward. Tenchi felt a sharp prick
against his neck as the sword began to pierce his flesh. A drop of blood
trickled down his stretched neck. He shut his eyes.

"I’m sorry Ryoko...."

Chapter five

On Kione’s ship

Washu ran up to the main bridge, her hair flowing behind her. "Why are we
getting shot at?!" she wondered. Turning the corner she stopped dead in her
tracks. "It couldn’t be...Nagi?!"

"Washu, looks as if it was a false alarm!" Mihoshi joyfully called out over
the intercom as Washu ran into the bridge. "You can go back to whatever you
were doing! Nagi shot them out of the way…what a nice girl!"

"Great…" Washu sat and concentrated for a moment. She let the idea of what
was about to happen really sink in. "Yoshio could die…Sasami too…"she
sighed. Turning, Washu admired the stars that passed her by, like little
bolts of lightening shooting across the sky. Her serine trance was quickly
broken.

" Washu! Sasami! Yoshio! We have arrived!" Kione shouted. Washu stood and
started towards the door. She met Sasami and Yoshio along the way.

"I’m glad I ran into you two," Washu started, "I need to speak with you
about the importance of what you are about to do. The pro-"

"We realize how dangerous it is for us Washu," Yoshio cut in, "especially
the danger for me, in my weakened state. But this is something that must be
done. We don’t want to lose Ryoko any more than you or Tenchi do."

"Yes, I know, but…to be frank you both could lose your lives in saving
Ryoko." Washu stared into Sasami’s eyes. "Now tell me honestly; is that a
risk you are willing to take?" Sasami opened her mouth to speak, and then
paused.

" I do know the danger," Sasami started, " I may look as if I am a little
child but do not forget the power that lies inside of me. Sasami may die,
but it would take more than this to kill Tsunami." Her eyes pleaded with
Washu, begging her to understand that she had to save Ryoko for Tenchi.

Washu sighed. "Alright, but just try not to kill yourself." Suddenly the
ship came to a sharp halt.

"Were here!"

It didn’t take long to reach the palace.

"That’s strange , where is everyone?" They walked strait down the hall,
searching left and right for some sort of sign. Kione and Mihoshi jumped at
every turn, posed to shoot whoever or whatever is in there way.

" It really looks as if they are all gone…"Washu pondered the possablity.
"They must be watching their fake king. Well all the better I suppose."

" Here it is!" Sasami stopped at a door at the end of the corridor. She
pressed her hand against a palate and stated her royal title. "Princess
Sasami of Jurai." Slowly the door to her left opened with a gust of wind and
a burst of light. Everyone shielded there eyes to protect themselves from
the brightness. "Well are you coming?" Sasami skipped in, seeming to be on
cloud nine.

"Yes were coming…" Kione’s nervous voice reflected the general mood of the
group. They stepped inside onto the tiny platform. Imidatly Sasami and
Yoshio got on little scooters that hovered in the right corner.

"Good luck, both of you." Washu said, as the two flew off in opposite
directions. The room consisted of endless hovering trees on tiny platforms.
"These are the trees of the Jurian people," she explained to Kione and
Mihoshi, "everyone who is born on Jurai has one. But Yoshio’s and Sasamis
are particularly special." She pointed in the direction of where their trees
ought to be. "Now all we can do is wait…" Slowly she turned to Kamadake, who
held Ryoko in his arms. "You can put her down now." She sighed.

Sasami stepped off her scooter and onto the grassy platform. She stood in
front of the pond that was placed before her tree. Looking down in it she
did not see her own reflection, but instead that of Tsunami’s. And it spoke.

"Don’t worry Sasami, your life is not in danger." She soothed. "Just put
your hand on the tree and concentrate on Ryoko and Tenchi. Send your energy
to them. I shall take care of you."

"And grandfather?" Sasami asked, "What will happen to him?"

"Just follow my directions" Tsunami ordered, " Just do it." Slowly Sasami
approached her tree and placed her hand on its trunk. She imagined an image
of Ryoko and Tenchi together laughing, and could feel the energy flow out of
her body…..

Washu paced. "They should have been back by now…." She worried. Suddenly
they heard a sharp manly yell. "Lord Katsoheto!" she shouted.

"I’m…..I’m….I’m…alright…." Yoshio called back. Washu could see him in the
distance, slowly gimping his way back to his scooter. And then she heard it.

"Miss Washu, I think you should look at this…" Azaka whispered. Washu turned
just to see Ryoko’s left index finger jump.

"Ry-….Ryoko?!" Washu jumped and ran to her side, the others closely behind
her. She could hear Sasami’s scooter starting up in the distance. "Ryoko…."

"TENCHI!!!!!" Ryoko clutched her side suddenly and called out his name.
"TENCHI! Where are you????!!!! I….I love you!!!"

"He is fighting Kagato," Washu began, taking charge of the situation, "and
you have been mostly dead all day. But if we hurry we can help him." Washu
breathed a huge sigh of relief. Behind her Sasami got off her scooter and
stumbled towards the group.

"Oh it worked…thank goodness…." Sasami gasped for air and sat down hard and
sharp.

"Ryoko, we need to go…please, can you move at all?" Kione called. Ryoko
struggled to sit up.

"Of corse I can move. For Tenchi, I would move planets." She opened her eyes
to revel the blazingly yellow determination that shown in them.

"Lets go"

Chapter Six

"I wish I could have beaten him for you Ryoko," Tenchi silently prayed, "but
I couldn’t. I failed you Ryoko…I’m so sorry…" Suddenly Tenchi lurched back,
a newfound energy pouring through him veins. His heart began to beat faster
as the energy swelled around his body and heart. "I hate you Kagato!!!!! AND
YOU WILL PAY FOR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE!" Tenchi opened his eyes as a huge burst
of energy expelled from his body and sent Kagato flying 50 feet across the
palace. " You hurt Aeyka and Ryoko! There lives will not be forsaken..." he
grabbed his sword off the ground. As he gripped the silver shaft the deadly
blue grew three times the size it had been before.

Kagato backed out of the way, fearing his newfound power. " You are nothing
but a child…and they deserved to die."

Tenchi smirked with utmost hatred. " And so do you." With one strike he
killed Kagato and dropped his sword, breathlessly running to Aeyka. "Aeyka?!
Aeyka?!" Tenchi shook her shoulders. Slowly he touched her neck, feeling for
a pulse. "Her heart is still beating…thank goodness. She was just knocked
unconscious." Suddenly the grand palace doors opened.

" She will be fine, Tenchi.." Washu ran up beside him, feeling Ayekas pulse.
" It looks like she was mostly just stunned. We need to get her back to the
ship."

"Washu!" Tenchi looked at her, surprised and relived at the same time. Then
he remembered. "Uh…Miss Washu…Ryoko…."

"TENCHI!!!!!!!!!!!" Ryoko flew across the palace corridor and straight into
his arms. "Tenchi I’m so glad you are alright! I knew you could do it.’

"Ryoko!" He held her close to him, thankful he could feel her heart beating
against his chest. "Ryoko….thank God your alright……Did you hear….when you
died… I wanted to tell you…"

"What?" Ryoko pulled back from his embrace, " I was kind of in a weird
state, almost dying and all…what did you say..?"

"I love you Ryoko!" Tenchi smiled, "I always have! And I know now that I
always will…" He pulled her close and kissed her lightly. " Please say that
you and I will be together?"

Ryoko looked into his eyes, making perfectly sure that he was serious.
Smiling she agreed, "Of corse I will, my love."

"Well now that this little reunion is over, I think we should go home, "
Washu began, "What do ya say?"

"Myeeeooowwww!" Ryo-oki agreed and they all turned to leave the Jurian
palace and continue there lives on earth.



Enjoy it? Please let me know!
