 The characters of Tenchi Muyo was the creation of Masaki Kajishma and
property
 of AIC and Pioneer LDC, Inc.  All materials save the environment and
 situations are being used without prior authorization.  This is for
 entertainment purposes only and is not intended for material gains. If
there
 has been an error in copyright, please email me. I wish not to be sued for
 expressing my interest in these series. Please do not post any stories you
 find here without my permission. I post these stories for the enjoyment of
all
 and would hate to stop.

Unseen Fate
Created by Long Ngo
Started September 21, 1998
Finished December 12, 1998

* * * * *

      Looking into the night skies, Aeka, Crown Princess of Jurai, the most
powerful Empire in known space, sighed.  Looking at a cluster of stars that
contained her birth place, Aeka's mind wondered.  *It's getting harder and
harder for me to resist the temptation.* she thought.  Taking out a bark
covered book, she opened it to reveal a computer interface.  On top of the
screen was the current date.  Setting it to voice activation, Aeka started
to
write in her diary.

        <It has been over three months since I arrived on this backwater
planet, the
locals call Earth.  The moment I arrived in orbit around this blue marble, I
felt his presence.  I knew my brother, Yosho, was still alive.  What I did
not
expect was the boy named Tenchi.  When he told me that my brother was dead,
I
knew it was false since I still felt my bond with Yosho.  Later that night
though, something stirred within me.  Opening my eyes, I saw him.  I saw the
Earthling hovering above me, trying to steal my tiara.  As I tried to stop
him, his hand brushed my brow and in that instant, the connection that I've
had with my brother since I was five shattered.  I felt pain and an
emptiness
with its lost.  Seeing the fleeing barbarian, I felt burning rage, knowing
that he was the cause of this.  In my anger, I did not notice another bond
had
formed, this one between me and Tenchi-sama.>

        Rubbing her temples, Aeka tried to ease the feelings that rose up
within her
as she remembered that fateful day.  What she felt was a mixture of desire,
rage, and embarrassment.  The desire was for the young lord.  The rage was
for
her brother deceiving her and running away from his duty and her.
Embarrassment for the way she resented herself when she first met
Tenchi-sama.
Looking back down at her diary, she continued.

        <When I first saw Yosho, I noticed how much he had changed.  He was
more
patience, craftier and a better actor.  He never took into consideration
that
I would be able to see through his disguise through the bond that I once
had.
Though it was not as strong, there were still a few strands that tied me to
him.  Looking at Tenchi-sama, I thought he was Yosho's son or grandson, now
I
knew better.  I felt his blood call out to me.  Never before have I felt so
strongly drawn to someone, not even Yosho.  Even now, I could feel him close
by.  Why is fate so cruel to me.  I left Jurai in search of my husband-to-be
but when I found him, I no longer loved him but instead I loved a boy of
sixteen years to my, six hundred.  I can no longer resist.  I know that he
will someday be the next Emperor of Jurai.  There is a hidden power within
Tenchi-sama that I can feel.  That power mixed along with his birthright
have
drawn me to him.  It is very similar to an Earth saying that involves moths
and flames.>

        Closing the book, Aeka rubbed her sleepy eyes.  *Soon, I will tell
him about
the bond.* she thought.  As she got ready for bed, a knocking on the door
stopped her.  Opening the door, she discovered Tenchi-sama readying to knock
once again.  Smiling, *Maybe I didn't have to wait so long.  After all,
blood
calls to blood.*

To be continued?

I wrote this in response to GenSao's challenge.  Took awhile to finish, had
too many other fics to write.  I might expand this someday and make it a
series.  Tell me what you think.  Merry Christmas everyone.
