Tenchi Muyo! And its related characters are the copyrighted property of
Pioneer and AIC.  I do not own any of the characters, nor would I ever want
to.  I mean can you imagine what it would be like trying to keep Washu from
"improving" all my electrical appliances?  I'd wake up some morning and find
that my house's interior was 400% larger than the exterior- which would be
pretty boss until I also discovered the forty-foot lightening generator that
had a nasty habit of exploding, or the genetically engineered squid-bear
that had gotten loose in my basement.  Not to mention what would happen when
Washu wanted a "guinea pig".  Yeek!
        Pioneer can keep their characters; I'll just stick to watching them
on my
VCR.
        So now, without further adieu..

UNTIL ALL THE STARS ARE DUST (part 2)
        By John Meszaros

.Watch, and I will show you the inner workings of the universe.
First: I give you a rose.  Beautiful, is it not?  A tiny scarlet lady
crafted of the supplest silk.  Yet its beauty is but a transitory thing.
Look- I crush it in my hand. the scarlet lady is no more.
Now observe this: a scraggly, thorny thistle.  I crush it in my hand.  See-
I open my palm, and here it is still.  In fact, it has even turned the
tables by cutting me.
The lady is no more, for she exists in isolation, alone atop her high throne
of green.  She cannot change in response to her world, and when that world
is interrupted, she dies.
  But the thistle, he lives on.  Because he has learned to adapt to the
crush of my hand.  His world is forever fluid- constantly in a state of
motion.
That is the way of the universe:  all things must learn to evolve and
change, or else their destruction is a certainty.
-Aganoto, a rather eccentric Juraian philosopher-poet of the early Onizano
Era.

...However, to fully understand the universe, it is also important to
realize that that which appears to be coincidence is often Fate in
disguise..
- a later aside said by the aforementioned    Aganoto

To My Dearest Princess Ayune of House Tushiro, from daimyo Juteinoru of
House Mituno
        I have given my name at the beginning of this letter because I want
you to
know as soon as possible from whom this letter comes.  Oh Wondrous Lady of
the Dawning Reeds, how many times have I captured a brief glimpse of your
fair veiled form through the lattice fence of your father's garden?  How I
long to see your face in its entirety, how beautiful it must be.
I know you are a woman of learning and the arts.  Many times has your father
shown me your exquisite poetry.  Many times have I caught a glance of one of
your philosophical books lying upon a bench in the garden (I know them to be
yours, for I have seen notes in your handwriting carefully inserted between
the pages).  If you would but consent to marry me, Princess Ayune, the joys
that it would bring to my heart would be indescribable.
        ---(At this point there are several inkblots and unfinished
characters.  It
seems as though the daimyo was having a hard time composing this last
section)---
        With regret, I must speak of another reason for our marriage.
Dark Tides have descended upon the lands of Jurai.  A nightmarish horde of
marauders has been cutting a swath of murder and destruction throughout the
countryside.  They sweep into villages at night, and slaughter people in
their beds- men, women and children all.  No one has seen these vile
perpetrators, for they strike with a swiftness and ferocity that leaves no
survivors.
I fear these monsters are a remnant left over from the dark days of the late
Emperor.  In his cruelty and tyrannical zeal, our former ruler attacked many
border kingdoms and destroyed many homes.  I dread the thought, but these
murderers may be an enraged group of rebels, seeking revenge for their
families.  Though twenty years have passed since parties unknown finally
assassinated the Emperor, and though the new Emperor has made many attempts
to reconcile with those who were annexed, scars can often run quite deep.
Too deep to ever be healed.
The only hope is to find these beasts and eradicate them.  Sadly, the other
daimyos are all too busy warring with each other to muster up enough forces
to combat this evil.  However, if a treaty were to be formed between your
father and I, perhaps we could unite our troops and form an army of avengers
strong enough to strike down the murderers.
Beautiful Lady of the Dawning Reeds, I know you to be an intelligent woman.
Please, unite with me in wedlock so that our love may grow stronger and,
together, we might save our beloved Jurai.

-Love letter from daimyo Juteinoru of house Mituno, circa 1832 BGE (Before
Galactic Era)

***The blackness scratched along the ground, moving jerkily like an animal
with a broken leg.
        For many years, It had torn through the land, ripping apart the
hated
Jurai.
In truth, It did not think about why It killed, for complex thought was a
thing completely alien to It.  Its absorption of the one in the swamp had
been incomplete; while It had gained the ability to live, Its mind was
little more than an animal's.  And, like an animal, the blackness had
instincts, though these were only of the most rudimentary sort.  Its main
drive was simply the desire to kill.
        This It had done with the most exuberant zeal.  Its animal
intelligence
allowed It pleasure at least, and this pleasure only came when It was
destroying the Jurai.
        That night, however, the tables had been turned, and the predator
had
become the prey.  A party of loyal knights had come upon the blackness while
It was in the midst of another slaughter.   They'd nearly torn It to
ribbons, gouging and piercing Its entire body with their swords and spears.
In the end, the blackness had escaped by sheer luck and sailed into the
night. Finding a dead tree, It had hallowed up inside until the warriors had
been forced to break off their search.
        Now It limped Its way through the woods, desperate to find some
place to
rest and let Its wounds heal.
        A low, cream-colored light suddenly shattered the forest's darkness.
Hesitantly drawing closer, the blackness found Itself lying before a large
country manor.  The glow was the flame of interior lamps, softly visible
through the thin rice-paper door of the back patio.
        The house was set upon numerous stout wooden legs that provided a
foot-high
area of space beneath the floorboards.  It was to this space that the
blackness retreated.***

        The room was warm on this midsummer night.  Outside, crickets and
frogs
sang their evening hymns in the manor's garden.
        Yukito lay on her side, facing the wall.  The front of her light
blue
night-kimono opened to let the occasional breeze cool her skin.  The
bedclothes had been left folded in their drawer, for they would not be
needed in this heat.   She had no pillow, but the thick mat of her rich
lavender hair formed a perfect cushion below her head.
        She smiled as she watched a mounted horseman glide across the wall.
The
horseman was a construct of light, a shadow created by a candle's flame
projected through a small tin lantern.  Behind Yukito, her daughter giggled
as the little toy lantern spun beneath her tiny fingers.  She apparently
hadn't seen the shadow-man that raced across the wall yet.
        "Hinaha," said Yukito, still lying on her side, " look at the man up
there." She pointed an arm towards the figure on the wall.
         The young girl's wide scarlet eyes slowly followed her mother's
gesture.
"Oh!." She giggled again.
        Yukito sat up; drawing her knees under her chin as Hinaha toddled up
to the
white stucco wall and hesitantly placed a petite hand up to touch the man of
light.  She giggled again as the glow that composed the horse's foot was
projected and distorted onto the back of her palm.  "Wow." she said
        Yukito smiled wider this time, squeezing her eyes to slits beneath
her
cheek muscles.  "Look," she said, pointing to the lantern in the middle of
the lacquered wood floor," he comes from that little candle there."
        Her daughter walked back to the toy and gently bent down to look at
the
carved silhouette up close.
        The candle's flame picked out deep flecks of purple in the ruby seas
of
Hinaha's eyes.  " Is that what Papa was like, Mama?  Was he a brave warrior
like the light-man?"
        Yukito frowned.  A single tear traced down her pale cheek.
        " Come here, Hinaha," she whispered tenderly, opening her arms.
        The little girl walked tentatively to her mother and snuggled into
her lap.
  Yukito's arms wrapped gently about her daughter.
        " Yes, Hinaha.  Your father was brave, just like the light-man.  But
he was
never a warrior.  He was too peaceful for that."  She hugged her child
closer, relishing the warmth of the little body despite the heat of the
room.
        " Your brothers were brave men too."
        "  Mama, " said Hinaha with the openness of someone who is too young
to
fully understand death," where ARE Papa and Anato and Amanu and Gohi?"
        A thick knot formed in Yukito's throat. She bent her head so that
her
purple hair fell down and mingled with Hinaha's. The silence in the room was
almost deafening, broken only by the faint pat-pat of tears as they fell on
Hinaha's long lavender hair.
        The little girl looked up, realizing something was wrong.
" Mama?"
        " Oh.  I.I'm sorry Hinaha.  Your father and brothers, they were such
courageous men.  They.they've gone to be with the gods, Hinaha."
        Thinking about Watare and the children brought such pain to Yukito's
heart.

They'd been the most kind, gentle men anyone could ever hope to know.   She
recalled all the warm summer days she'd spent with her husband in the
countryside, watching as her boys chased grasshoppers through the fields.
As winter came near, they'd go out to the orchard and watch the
cherry-blossoms weave their wispy dance as they fell to the ground.
She remembered the time her eldest, Anato, had come home proudly waving a
wooden staff which he had carved himself.
Then there'd been the time the middle boy, Amanu, had first discovered his
passion for calligraphy.  He'd become so enraptured by his new-fund craft
that he'd actually taken down one of the sliding doors and used it as a
canvas to compose a poem.
Then, of course, there'd been Gohi the youngest, whose love for the wonders
of nature and the spiritual world had led him to an apprenticeship under the
wise priest who had dwelt not far from their little village.
Of course, all this had occurred before Hinaha had been born.  When Yukito's
first girl-child had come into the world, the memories only seemed to grow
brighter still.
Even before she could walk, Hinaha had displayed a love for the simple
wonders of her world (much like Gohi, Yukito realized).  The little girl had
enjoyed nothing more than to wander about in the woods near their house,
climbing over the rocks and poking her head into every nook and cranny she
could find.  This constant exploration had given the little girl an agility
and coordination that was remarkable for someone of her young age.  Those
had been happy days.
Then the marauders had come.
The word was first received a year ago.  A village had been decimated during
the night, all its inhabitants murdered in their sleep.  Immediately, a
militia had been put into service to patrol the area.  Yet, despite their
best efforts, the men could never find the killers.  And so the attacks had
continued. One by one, villages were slaughtered in the night.  Until one
day, someone escaped.
Somehow, a young boy had managed to flee the massacre of his home.  He ran
through the forest until he reached Yukito's village.  His eyes were glazed
with madness. He ranted and raved for almost half an hour, screaming about
not many, but one single attacker: a great black cloud that descended upon
people and tore them to bits.  He kept howling about the horrible way it
shrieked and roared as it charged through the streets.  Surely the boy's
tortured mind had been playing tricks on him.  No single beast could cause
so much havoc.
Desperately hoping to catch the killers in the act, the men of the village
had gathered together.  Watare and the boys and gone with them.  Though
they'd never raised a knife except to cut rice, they knew they had to
protect the ones they loved.  If they did not find the monsters, their
village would soon be next in the path of destruction.
Before the men had left, Watare had held Yukito in his arms, telling her
that he might not ever come back, but that he would forever protect her.
And with a final kiss goodbye, he and his sons had left.
They'd never returned.
Yukito had labored hard in the following days, desperately trying to make
ends meet.  Though a knot of pain perpetually clogged her throat, she
managed to persevere against the odds for a time.  After all, she still had
a very young daughter to take care of.
In the end, however, the farm had fallen into disarray.  Soon the tax
collectors came, and mother and daughter were left homeless.
But all had not totally been lost.  Mito, a kind old poet who lived nearby,
had taken pity on the destitute pair and invited them to stay under his
roof.  In return, both Yukito and Hinaha helped out the servants with the
daily chores of running the household.

Yukito hugged Hinaha deeper into the folds of her night-kimono.  The soft
cotton of the little girl's yukata slid slightly beneath Yukito's fingers
like gauzy oil.
Affectionately, Hinaha laid her head on the warm area of skin between
Yukito's breasts.  The long strands of her purple hair melded fluidly into
the folds of her mother's kimono.
Though the tears still fell from Yukito's eyes, she was smiling once more.
" At least I still have you." She said.
They sat this way for a while, daughter cradled in mother's lap.  Outside,
the night creature's continued to chirp away, accompanied now by the slow,
solid thunk of a bamboo deer-scare in the garden.
The candle inside the toy lantern began to grow low, softly dimming the room
to darkness.  The bright disk of the moon cast a moth-white mist through the
thin rice-paper door that led out onto the walkway.
The faint sound of creaking boards outside in the hallway gradually ebbed
into the stillness of the room.  Yukito looked upward with recognition.  It
was only old Mito going for one of his moonlight walks through the garden.
Soon, the faint sounds of his murmuring began as the master composed another
poem.

***  The blackness woke suddenly from Its fitful sleep.  It had not realized
that the structure It had hid beneath was occupied.  But there it was: the
sharp, slow creak of floorboards being pressed under feet.
        The ragged wisps that constituted the creature's claws began to flex
in and
out.  It was in pain, and the only way to relieve that pain was to do what
It did best: murder.
        Silent as the planets in their celestial orbit, the blackness began
to move
towards the sound.***

        The night was warm and dry out in the garden.  There was a crispness
to the
air which spoke to Mito, told him of cicadas and tree frogs, newly-formed
buds and ripe-colorful fruit.
        A cool wind stirred up from the southern half of the garden, beyond
the
small wicker fence, a faint signal of the coming autumn.
        Mito approached his favorite wooden bench and eased his old body
down onto
it with a sigh.  Before him spread the small artificial pond, whose surface
was accented here and there by bright sprays of lime-colored duckweed.  A
large rock rose in the center, its top flattened to hold a tiny bonsai tree
and its ceramic pot.  Beneath the water's face, the oranges, whites, red and
blacks of the koi fish glinted subtly as the creatures swam in the glow of
the full moon.
         Mito looked up and grinned slightly
        "Ah yes, and a fine good evening to you, jo'o-sama," he said,
extending a
hand up so that his palm seemed to form a bowl that cradled the lower part
of the pale white orb.
        The moon was ever a source of inspiration for Mito.  A poem began to
form
on his lips:
                Her cloud-touched face of ice
                Rings as a bell, as a heron's cry
                Against the silence of black.

Mito's high brow furrowed deeply, drawing his bushy eyebrows together to
form an albino caterpillar above his eyes.  Something wasn't quite right.  A
simple nana-kyuu-nana poem would not pay appropriate justice to one who was
as grand as Lady Moon.  For this special subject he would use the
compositional style he had dubbed "Tapping the Song of Reeds and Plains."
It had been a few days since he had composed such a poem, and certainly
tonight was a perfect night to do so again.
        Mito leaned back upon the lacquer bench and closed his eyes.  He
concentrated upon the sounds around him:  the frogs and cicadas, the wind in
the trees, the rhythmic thunk of the deer-scare.  Remaining motionless, he
let his auditory senses expand out further, flowing over the grass and rocks
and wood to pick out the subtler sounds of his surroundings: the occasional
flick of a koi's tail underwater, the tiny crack of an insect's legs as it
scuttled through the trees, even the warm, regular heartbeats of the people
who slept within the house.  The area of Song continued to grow around Mito,
spreading out in all directions, bringing the sounds of all the countryside
to the old man's ear.
All this was not mere noise, however.  It was, in truth, the very heartbeat
of the land.  The soul that gave all things in the world form.  Mito was, in
essence, mentally and auditorialy connected with the entirety of the world.
Finally, a primal hum began to grow in Mito's ear.  It was the echo of
countless years gone by in silence, of the light of the stars and of the
heavenly winds that brought forth autumn.  It was the Song of the Moon
Herself.
        Now, listening to the moon's inner voice, Mito could compose a poem
more
befitting to Her splendor.  Barely above a whisper, Mito spoke again:

                One of the ice face,
                Singer of autumn and spring
                Dark leaves dance at your feet
                I listen

                Wearer of the black mantle,
                You tell the people of bending reeds,
                Cold sleep on the horizon
                I listen

                Dweller at the world-chamber's ceiling
                The turning of your heartbeat makes
                The land turn white and blue
                I listen.

        Mito sighed deeply, content with his new work of craftsmanship.  He
repeated it again in his head, then again.  Then once more to memorize it.
        His mental web was still open to the world.      The old poet could
hear the
subtle waves of life force ebb and flow all about him, invisibly painting
the picture of reality.
        Wait! What was that?... Something was amiss.  There was a place
within the
energy flow that seemed to be..vacant was the best word for it. A void.  A
blister in the tapestry of the spirit world where the threads had come
unraveled, leaving behind a hole.
        Mito got to his feet very carefully, as if he were afraid that he
might
break something were he to move too fast.  He turned his head to look at the
source of the void.
        Beneath the raised patio of his house, there lay a billowing cloud
of
blackness.

        *** It paused momentarily.  There was something different about this
Juraian. It seemed almost like the man was somehow connected with the
blackness, as though the threads of his being mingled with the threads of
Its being in some way.
However, the thing did not ponder this problem long (if indeed a beast of
Its low intellect could ponder anything).  It was in pain and Its instincts
told It to kill.
        It leapt.***

        A scream tore through the house, startling Yukito and filling her
heart
with terror.
" Mito-sama!" she yelled, jumping to her feet.  Hinaha dropped to the floor,
her scarlet eyes wide with fear, her body trembling like a tiny bird.
        " Hinaha, wait here," said Yukito, " promise me you won't leave this
room."
        "Y.yes, mama." Stammered the little girl.
        Yukito whirled around and ran out into the hallway towards the
garden
yelling
" Mito-sama!"
        Hinaha sat in the near-dark for what seemed like an eternity.  She
could
here nothing but the heavy thumping of her own terrified heartbeat.  The
room had suddenly grown cold.  Hinaha grabbed her mother's futon and wrapped
it about her small body.
        In silence she waited.  And waited.  And waited.
        A second scream shattered the night.  It was her mother!
        "Mama!" cried Hinaha
        Forgetting what she'd been told, Hinaha leapt from beneath the futon
and
ran after her mother as fast as her legs would carry her.  With agility
honed through several years of forest-exploring, Hinaha rounded the houses
corners, her lilac hair spraying out behind her.
        Turning the final corner, Hinaha burst from the dwelling, out onto
the main
patio that led to the garden.
  Now it was her turn to scream.
        Before her stood Yukito, paralyzed with horror at the scene taking
place in
the garden.
Mito was suspended three feet in the air, held in the grips of a monstrous
shadow.  The thing was huge, perhaps eight feet high, and obsidian black.
It resembled an inverted teardrop: a grotesquely bloated upper body tapering
to a thin, ragged "tail.  Its skin was alive with motion as hundreds of
ragged tendrils whipped along Its surface.  Two thick trunks jutted from the
upper region, ending in numerous long hooks that now held the old poet
firmly by the throat.  Worst of all though, was the blackness' mouth.  It
was a wide, V-shaped slash of red along the thing's middle, opening wide to
disgorge a long, rasped tongue.
        Hinaha screamed again, and tears began to flow from her eyes.
Bright,
perfect tears that sparkled silver under the light of the moon.

        *** Something was definitely different about this Juraian, the
blackness
could feel it in Its core.  As It squeezed the fragile old body between Its
massive talons, It felt a sort of.. connection with the man.  As though It
could see right into his mind.
        This intrigued the blackness.  A delicate new treat had come into
Its
claws.
        An impulse struck It suddenly, rising up from deep down in its
primitive
subconscious.   It recalled the night It had been born in that lonely pool
in the swamp.  The night Its elemental nature had drawn It to the angry one
who stood at the water's edge.  It remembered, through the angry one's own
memories (which still existed dimly inside Its brain), how It had latched
onto the aforementioned being and dragged him into the water, where It had
then absorbed him into Its body, transforming It into a living creature.
        The blackness wanted to do that again.
        Tendrils of jet oozed from the blackness' body, slowly creeping
their way
over the old man.  The Juraian was already dead, so he put up no resistance.
  The tendrils flowed into his mouth, eyes, even the pores of his skin,
absorbing him into themselves.
        Then an odd thing happened.  That feeling of connection that had so
fascinated the blackness suddenly became a crushing strength.  It was as
though the entire world were pushing on the blackness, drawing It into the
old man's corpse, beating into It with the force of a thousand angry fists.
The shadow lost control of Its body and was viciously sucked into the
ever-growing void that seemed to be forming within the old man's mind.
        Trapped within the human, the blackness was assaulted by a million
angry
voices.  A complex web of shrieks, chirps, heartbeats, shouts, cries, hums,
grindings and a myriad other sounds flooded Its mind.
Then too, there was the energy.  A radiant field of pulsing force beat down
into Its brain.  Searingly hot, yet frigidly cold, it tore at the blackness
with an intricacy that baffled the creature's simple psyche. The
shadow-being looked out upon this field of sound and energy, and was
changed.
        The sight of the planetary weave warped Its mind, twisting and
spindling
the animal brain into avenues of thought that had been totally alien to It
only a few seconds ago.  And as Its mind expanded, Its intelligence grew as
well. Its glimpse at the universal tapestry had induced a supernatural
evolution.  The blackness was no longer an animal, It had become a fully
sentient being!***

        Yukito screamed once more as she watched the horror disappear into
Mito.
        Another, higher cry caused her to spin around.  There was her
daughter,
pressed against the stuccoed side of the house, her eyes wide with terror.
        "Hinaha!"
Yukito swept the little girl up into her arms and bolted through the patio
door, running with the speed that only a mother with an endangered child can
muster.  She was dimly aware of servants emerging from the rooms to either
side of her.  "Run!," she yelled to them," get away from here!"
        Yukito burst into the main room of the mansion, leaping down to the
dirt
floor that ran through the middle of the elevated chamber.  Not bothering to
even grab her sandals off the step, she flew into the hot air of the woods.
Pine needles and thorns bit into the flesh of her soles, but still she ran,
until finally she tripped and fell, rolling down a hill.  Instinctively, she
curled into a ball about Hinaha, protecting the girl from the brunt of the
fall.
        When at last they reached bottom, Yukito sprang to her feet once
more and
rushed to a thick, leafy bush that lay nearby.  She pushed Hinaha beneath
it, making sure the girl sat well back within the protective branches.
        " Wait here," she said, " I'll be back."
        "Mama! Where are you going?" asked Hinaha.  Silver tears were
running in
two streams down her scratched cheeks.
        "  I'm going to help the others escape.  Please, Hinaha- stay here."
Yukito's stance was strong and solid as she stood in the gully.  The left
half of her night kimono had been torn away, and a thin trickle of blood ran
from her temple.
        She bent down and hugged her daughter tightly, planting a warm, soft
kiss
upon her violet hair.  " I love you, Hinaha."
        " I love you too Mama."
        With a heavy heart, Yukito let go of her daughter and turned to race
up the
hill, vanishing into the trees.
        Under the bush, Hinaha began to cry softly.  It was suddenly very,
very
cold.

        (End, part 2)

        The plot thickens.
Well, how'd you like that, eh?  Things look a bit bleak, but they'll get
better soon, I promise.  Send comments, criticisms, et cetera to:
avomvrorskek@hotmail.com
        Sayonara!
