Ahem, my disclaimer, Once again i would like to state that Matthius(the
character not the name) is mine, Tareeka, and those other two girls are
mine, Jared is mine, and i think thats all for now.  If you're wondering how
i made up the names i just punched the keyboard and kinda sorted out the
letters, odd way of getting names but it works and the names are pretty
original too.  Well Jared is just a common cool name like Cory.  Well i know
a cory that i dont like but i like the name, actually i like the guy cory
it's just that he is going out with the girl of my dreams (well the real
girl, i would love to get Ryoko if she was real, damn japaneese making up
great girls) anyway, i do not own tenchi or the others but sometimes wish
that i did (i would be rich and wouldnt have to go to school or work then).
Okay im done plz read the story.

Aieka watched the shuttle land in the courtyard of her small palace.  It
wasn’t that small actually, but it was no where near the size of the palace
back on Jurai, but then she was not on Jurai.  Aieka was dressed in a silver
flowing gown with her hair tied back into one large ponytail.  She had
attendants at either side of her that were all dressed in black and gold
uniforms and armed with spears.  The shuttle touched down and after a moment
the hatch opened and Sasami and Matthius walked out.  Sasami was dressed in
a white gown similar to the one Aieka was wearing, upon seeing her Sasami
ran over to Aieka and the two embraced.
“It’s good to see you’re alright.”  Aieka said.
“I’ve missed you.”  Sasami whispered.
The two stepped back and smiled at each other.
“Such a warm reunion.”  Matthius said smiling.
“My Lord.”  Aieka said curtseying.
Matthius chuckled, “We need to talk in private.”  He said smiling.
“Of course.”  Aieka responded.

They went to Aieka’s private chamber.  It was a large well furnished room,
with light brown carpeting and white walls with many pictures on them.
There were many sofa and chairs as well as a few coffee tables.  Off in one
corner there was a dresser and a mirror that ran up the wall, they dropped
all formalities once they were inside.  “So what is going on exactly?”
Aieka demanded as soon as the door was shut.
Matthius laughed, “And why am I supposed to know?”
“You always seem to have the answers.”  Aieka responded evenly, “So I assume
you at least have a good idea of what is going on now.”
Matthius grinned, “Yeah, I do have an idea, but it’s only an idea.”
“Well let’s hear it.”  Aieka demanded.
“Is that any way to treat your emperor?”  Matthius leaned back in a chair
and smiled,, “Don’t I get some refreshments?”
Aieka lost her composure, “Listen!  I’ve been stuck on this rock for over a
week now with no idea what is going on or where everyone else is!  There’s
no telling what is going on with Tenchi and Ryoko right now!  The two might
be together all alone!”
“And we can’t have that now can we?”  Matthius laughed.
“No!”  Aieka snapped angrily, “I will not allow that!”
“Why?”  Matthius leaned forward his face intense, “Why is he allowed to
spend time alone with you but not Ryoko?”
“Because we were destined for each other that’s why!”  Aieka’s face was
becoming red.
“Hmm.”  Matthius looked over at a wall, “That’s what you think, but is that
how Tenchi feels?”
“What?”  Aieka was surprised, “Of course it is, why else was he spending all
that time with me?”
“Not to burst your bubble princess,”  Matthius said standing up, “but Tenchi
decided he was going to spend time with both you and Ryoko before he made
his decision.  That’s why he was spending so much time alone with you.
Ryoko knew about it and knew why he was doing it.  I don’t know if he is
spending time with Ryoko or not right now, but you might as well know what
is going on.”
Aieka stood there silently for a moment, “And what of you?”  She asked
quietly.
“Me?”  Matthius looked at her surprised, “What about me?”
“You care for Ryoko don’t you?”  Aieka walked over to the mirror.
Matthius said nothing.
“Doesn’t it matter what you’re feelings are?  Why is everything up to
Tenchi?”  She turned to him, “I think you and Ryoko are a perfect match.
And I would be more than willing to help make the two of you end up
together.”
Matthius shook his head, “Thanks for the offer but if Ryoko chooses me I
want her to do it on her own.  If she’s forced into it then I’ll never know
if she chose me out of love or simply because she had no choice.  I think
you want Tenchi to chose you in the same way.”
Aieka put her head down.  He was right of course.  “So what are we going to
do?”  She asked after a moment.
“We’re going to go to Earth and get Tenchi and Ryoko back.  Then we’ll find
Washu and Kiyone and Mihoshi and get us all back to the way things were.”
“You still didn’t answer me about what’s going on.”  Aieka said now
remembering.
“It’ll take us about a week to get to Earth, so I’ll tell you during our
trip.  And the sooner we leave the sooner we get there.
“We’ll leave in an hour.”  Aieka said.

“I’m doing it today!”  Tenchi stated firmly as he got dressed, he chose a
pair of jeans and a white T-shirt.  “I’ve been here for a week and I haven’t
done anything about it.  How could I be so selfish?  It’s all because of
Jared and that Tareeka girl.  He had spent every day with one or the other
and although he found himself liking Tareeka a lot he still couldn’t believe
he had left Ryoko in that cave for an entire week.
He walked out of his room and down the stairs, the phone rang but he ignored
it.  The shrine was about an hour away by car, on foot it would take two or
three he figured.  He checked the clock, it was only 9 a.m. he should be
there by noon.  And after he had freed Ryoko they would be back here in no
time.  But then, after he had freed Ryoko it had taken her time to
regenerate, how long had it taken?  A month?  A week?  He couldn’t quit
remember.
“Maybe if I give her the jewels she’ll regenerate faster?”  He mused aloud
as he walked outside and locked the door behind him.  “I hope she’s not too
mad at me.”  He said as he walked down the street in the direction of the
shrine.

The walk took longer than Tenchi had expected, it was past one when he got
to the shrine and his body was covered in sweat.  “Man it’s hot out today.”
He panted.  He walked down the gravel road and onto the pier.  He saw the
stone steps leading up to the shrine and smiled, “Don’t worry Ryoko I’ll
have you out in a jiffy.”
He climbed the stairs two at a time and ran up to the office, he knocked on
the door and took a step back.  After waiting a minute his grandfather
opened the door.
“Tenchi?”  His grandfather was surprised, “What are you doing here?  You
have the summer off.”  His grandfather smiled, “Eager to continue you’re
training are we?”
Tenchi shook his head, “Sorry grampa.”  He said shaking his head, “I’m here
for a different reason.”  His grandfather looked at him questioningly, “I
need to get into the cave.”  Tenchi said.
“Tenchi, you know the cave is off limits.”  His grandfather began.
“I know.”  Tenchi cut him off, “I know what is in the cave, I know about
Ryoko, I know that you are Yosho from the planet Jurai, you’re the prince
and now I am.”
His grandfather stared at him blankly for a moment, “How did you know?”  He
asked quietly.
“I don’t have time to explain.”  Tenchi said, “I need to let Ryoko out of
there right now, please give me the keys.”
His grandfather sighed, “I hope you know what you are doing my boy.”  He
said as he handed him the keys.”
“Thank you.”  He said taking the keys.
Tenchi raced off to the cave, *I’m surprised he gave in so easily *.  Tenchi
thought as he ran towards the cave, * I thought he would at least pretend
like he didn’t know what I was talking about for a few minutes *.  He
finally reached the cave and smiled, he could feel Ryoko’s presence, “Sorry
I took so long.”  He said aloud.
He opened the gate and went into the cave, when he got into the room with
the sword he quickly walked over and pulled it free.  After struggling to
get it out of the scabbard for a moment he walked over and swiftly broke it
on the rock.  After the passage way opened he slowly walked down and went
over to the mummified form of Ryoko.  As the lights began to collect and go
down into the water he watched.  After a few moments the form of Ryoko
pulled itself out of the water.
“Sorry I took so long.”  Tenchi said to the mummified form.
The form just made harsh breathing sounds as it tried to get out of the
water.
“If I return the gems to you will you regenerate faster?”  He asked.
The form nodded.
He swallowed, “Alright but you have to behave yourself if I do this.”
The figure nodded again.
Tenchi closed his eyes and prayed.  There was a warm glow that surrounded
his body for a moment and then it was gone, when Tenchi opened his eyes
Ryoko was clad in her black and red battle outfit and was fully regenerated.
  Tenchi smiled, “Nice to see you again.”
Ryoko smiled back, “Took you long enough!  What have you been doing all this
time?”
“Sorry!”  Tenchi’s face got red.  “I just, well, you know, had some things
come up.”
Ryoko gave him a strange look, “Okay, well as least you’re finally here.
Are any of the others here?”  She looked a little hopeful at the last
question.
Tenchi shook his head, “No, no one else has came yet, I don’t know what they
are all doing.”
At first Ryoko looked a little upset at the news but then she smiled, “Well
then we finally get to have some time alone.”  She appeared behind Tenchi
and wrapped her arms around his middle, “So darling, what do you want to do
while we are all alone?”  She whispered in his ear seductively.
Tenchi turned bright red and began to struggle, “Now come on!  Cut that
out!”
“But Tenchi dear, don’t you want to spend time with me like you did with
Aieka?”
Tenchi stopped squirming, “You know about that?”
“Of course.”  She purred in his ear, “Eric told me all about it.  I don’t
mind though.  You’re finally going to make you’re choice, and since Aieka’s
not around we have all the time we want to do whatever we want.  By the time
we get back home I think I’ll have made up your mind.”
“You’re not mad?”  This was a surprise to Tenchi, he figured that no matter
what the reason was if he spent time alone with Aieka Ryoko would explode.
“Not at all.”  She licked his ear.
“HEY!”  Tenchi pulled away.  “I spent time alone with Aieka but all we did
was talk!  And that is all that you and I are going to do!”
“Aww, but Tenchi,” Ryoko began walking slowly towards him, “there’s so much
more that I want to do than just talk.”  She smiled, “Talking is fine, but I
just want a little exercise first, then we can talk all you like.”
“Hey!”  Tenchi was getting red again, “You said you’d behave!”
“Actually, I never said anything.”  Ryoko smiled, “I couldn’t, I didn’t even
have any vocal cords yet.”
“Well you agreed to be good.”  Tenchi said, “We have plenty of time together
Ryoko, but I just want to talk to you and get to know you better.  For right
now that is all I want to do.  As for the rest…”  Tenchi trailed off he was
going to say ‘maybe later’, but he didn’t want to get her hopes up.  He
still didn’t know how this would end.  But he was still surprised that she
wasn’t the least bit mad.  * Maybe she’s maturing? *  Tenchi thought to
himself.
“Well, can we get out of this god awful cave?”  Ryoko was looking around in
disgust.
Tenchi smiled, “Yeah, take us back home.”
Ryoko smiled, “Sure thing.”

Tenchi sighed as he pulled himself out of bed, Ryoko had been back for two
days, and boy was he busy now.  It had been easy to convince his dad to let
her stay, all they had to do was say that Ryoko got kicked out and had
nowhere to go.  His dad was more than happy to let her stay then.  Every day
they went out, they had gone to the mall and shopped, gone to the movies,
arcades, bowling alleys, and a few other places.  He was exhausted and
broke.  He did like how spirited Ryoko was, always eager to go try new
things and always looking for a way to have fun, even if her ways were a
little troublesome at times.  It seemed to Tenchi that he was in the
predicament he had asked Eric about when Eric first asked him to make a
choice.  He seemed to connect with Aieka more on an emotional and friendship
level, they seemed to be more like the same type of person.  But he was
having more fun with Ryoko, and they had things in common, although Ryoko
was much more knowledgeable about the world than either he or Aieka was.
Basically Ryoko was fun and street smart, Aieka was serious and somewhat
naive.  Of course, he kind of liked the fact that Aieka didn’t know that
much about the world, it sort of gave him a chance to discover it with
someone.
Of course he had never gone out with Aieka so he couldn’t say that Ryoko was
more fun.  “I still don’t know what I’m going to do.”  He muttered sitting
down on the couch, he was wearing a pair of black slacks and a green T-shirt
this morning.
“Tenchi!”  Ryoko wrapped her arms around Tenchi’s neck and knocked Tenchi
onto his back on the sofa, she smiled, “Well, I think this is a nice
position.”  She smiled, she was wearing her blue and gold stripped dress
today.
Tenchi got red, “Get off me!”  He said quickly pushing her off.
She sat down next to him and smiled, “What are we going to do today, dear?”
“Nothing.”  Tenchi said flatly, “I’m broke.”  Tenchi had gotten used to
being called, ‘dear’, or ‘sweetie’, or ‘honey’, or whatever other names
Ryoko came up with.
“So what are we going to do all day?”  Ryoko asked, “Sitting in the house is
so boring.”  She smiled suddenly, “Unless we’re going to be doing something
else?”
Tenchi got red, “Uh, I don’t know what you’re talking about.”  He looked
away.
“Yes you do.”  She teased, “I guess we could do it sitting, but it’s more
fun if you lie down, or if I do.  Standing is fun too.”
Tenchi got bright red, “We’re not doing anything like that in any position!”
  He got up and began walking away.
“Where are you going?”  Ryoko stood up.
“I’m going to go take a shower.”  He said going back upstairs.
“Can I come to?”  Ryoko asked following him.
Tenchi turned red again, “No!  Stay out of the bathroom when I’m in there!”
Ryoko smiled, “Are you sure?”
“Yes!”  Tenchi said a little irritated.
Ryoko sighed, “Okay.”  She loved teasing him.
After Tenchi was up the stairs he sighed, sometimes she just didn’t know
when to quit.

After Tenchi showered and got dressed in the same clothes he had been
wearing before the shower, he went downstairs.  Ryoko was watching TV, he
thought about eating breakfast but decided he wasn’t that hungry.  He sat
down next to Ryoko, “What are you watching?”
“Huh?”  Ryoko didn’t seem to realize he was there until he said something.
“Nothing.”  Tenchi didn’t feel like repeating himself.
Ryoko said nothing and went back to watching TV.  The phone rang and Tenchi
paused, he hadn’t been answering it the last two days, but he was kind of
missing Tareeka and Jared.  After a moment of thought he picked up the
phone, “Hello?”
“Tenchi!”  It was Tareeka, “I was beginning to think you didn’t want to talk
to me or something.”
“What?  No, no, nothing like that, I’ve just been kind of busy lately that’s
all.”
“Oh, well are you busy now?”  She seemed hopeful.
“Well, no not really.”  He said a little nervously.
“Well why don’t we do something today then?”
Tenchi glanced at Ryoko but she was still watching TV, * Should I? *  He
wondered, what would Ryoko do all day if he was gone, what would he say to
Ryoko, he couldn’t tell her the truth, she’d get upset then.
“Tenchi?”  Tareeka interrupted his thoughts.
“Yeah, I’ll be over there in a bit, uh, dad.”  He said quickly throwing the
last part in when Ryoko looked at him.
“What?”  Tareeka began, but Tenchi hung up.
“Who was that?”  Ryoko gave him a curious look.
“Uh, it was my dad.”  He said scratching the back of his head, “He left
something here that he needs so I have to go run it over to him.”
“Oh, well I’ll come with you then.”  Ryoko began to get up.
“No, no, no.”  Tenchi said quickly, “No need for that I can take care of it
myself, just sit here and relax and I’ll be back later.”
Ryoko looked at him strangely, “Are you okay?”  She asked him.
“I’m just fine!”  Tenchi got up and ran upstairs.
What was he doing?  He was supposed to be spending time with Ryoko like he
had with Aieka, why was he going to see this other girl?  But then, he had
spent four days with Aieka, and they hadn’t been full days, he had spent two
full days with Ryoko.  It was almost the same amount of time, wasn’t it?  He
shook the thoughts out of his head, “To late to back out now.”  He muttered
quietly.  He went to his dads room and grabbed something that looked work
related and said bye to Ryoko and was out the door.

okay there we go, i really wish i would have thought of a better name than
"Unwelcome guest"  but i guess im stuck with it now o well.  Now one thing i
want to complain about is that every story has Ryoko getting light hawk
wings!  In the series, they dont say "Ryoko can make wings if she has all
her gems!"  They say, "If Ryoko has all her gems she 'probably' could make
them"  i dont think they say probably, but they say something like that,
they do say that the gems have the same powers as the trees of Jurai, i just
say that is because the trees are from Tsunami and the gems from Washu, two
goddesses, similar powers.  Okay.  And another thing i want to complain
about, i was on the sight today and some kid stole my "new guy from america"
idea!  i'm not saying that my idea was totally original but i think the way
i pulled it off was pretty good, and this kid did a self-insertion just like
my stories!!  (My name is Matt, Matthius  its not just a coincidence im
sorry to say, and the day i wrote chapter two i was wearing tan slacks, a
purple shirt, orange cons, and spiked hair, spikes on my wrist, yes im a
little punk rocker  but i just use my looks and personality for the
character, im not really from another planet or anything cool like that, i
wish i was but alas im not anyway)  Well, lets see, i also have to say that
im kind of dissapointed with the new stories, i like to read a nice epic
one, like "will of the goddess" or that other one i read, i cant remember
the name of it or who it was by, but it ended the ova and was pretty good.
So if anyone can tell me a good epic thats up that i havent read yet, or is
in progress, let me know plz, and of course email me with questions and
comments and all that, i posted 9 and 10 on the same day, only minutes
apart, and look how much i have to say, and look how little is relevant to
anything.  Okay im going to stop now before my ranting is just as long as
the story itself, all i have to say that is 11 is now in the works and
hopefully i'll get them done pretty soon, now that school is out i get to
stay up till 3 am working on this stuff. okay im really done now.
