Subject: ch11
Date: Thu, 24 May 2001 07:35:36
From: "Matt Jasek" <danlore@hotmail.com>
To: gensao@tmffa.com

Matt Jasek (danlore@hotmail.com)
Regular
Unwelcome GUest - Chapter 11 : "Haunting Past"
A scary story(not really) where Ryoko encounters someone from her past.
(scary music in backround dum dum dum)

Okay now the DISCLAIMER:  I am the sole owner and hier of the entire Tenchi
Muyo Z!!! i say this because that is what i'm going to refer to my series
from now on, i dont know why japaneese put the z there for, im sure it
stands for someting, like dbz?  anyway i just like it.  I guess by stating
that it shows that i plan on continuing this for a while?  well yea i do, i
got an idea that i want to play out and it'll take a long time.  And dont
worry ill have tenchi choose a girl, i just dont know when.  Anyway on with
the show, and o ya tenchi muyo! is owned by pioneer and all that jazz.

“I wonder what that was all about?”  Ryoko said after Tenchi ran out the
door.  She didn’t spend too much time wondering though, she had other things
on her mind.  She was glad that she had a chance to be alone with Tenchi,
and she was enjoying herself immensely.  But for some reason, she kept
thinking about Matthius.  She wasn’t sure who she truly loved now.  She
sighed and looked back at the TV.  It looked like she was going to have the
day to herself, she briefly wondered where Matthius was and what he was
doing, then turned her thoughts back to Tenchi.
She had enjoyed the past two days, there was no question about that.  Tenchi
was still the same guy that she fell in love with when they first met, well
she had loved him for longer than that, but Tenchi didn’t seem to have
changed at all since their first meeting.  And that bothered Ryoko a little.
  Tenchi had always been so shy and reserved, she had figured that if she
got a little solo time with Tenchi that she could open him up and make him
more aggressive.  He was more than happy to talk about anything, but he
still showed no signs of affection, and still refused to talk about anything
sexual.  She sighed again, “I guess I really do know how he feels now.”

Tenchi ran down the street as fast as he could, he briefly wondered what he
had grabbed off his fathers desk and what he was going to do with it.  His
thoughts then turned to what Ryoko would do alone in the house all day, his
thoughts then turned to why he was leaving Ryoko all alone to go spend time
with Tareeka.  He shook his head and tried to clear his thoughts, he was
acting on instinct, he wanted to see this girl, he didn’t really know why
but for some reason he wanted to see her.  When he arrived at her front
porch he stopped to catch his breath, he had been doing quit a bit of
running over the past few days.  After a minute he rang the doorbell.
“Hi Tenchi!”  Tareeka answered the door smiling, she was in a red tank-top
and a pair of light blue shorts, she looked at him worriedly, “Are you
alright?”
He smiled, “Yeah, just a little tired.”
“Did you run the whole way here?”
Tenchi nodded, “Yep.”
Tareeka smiled, “That’s so sweet.”
Tenchi turned red, “Well it was nothing really, I uh, just well.”
Seeing his embarrassment she changed the subject, “What’s that in you hand?”
  She pointed at the envelope he had.
“This?”  Tenchi looked at it, “Nothing important.”  He threw it on a nearby
table, “So, uh what are we going to do?”
Tareeka smiled, “I know the perfect thing to cool you off.”
“What?”  Tenchi said a little nervously.
She smiled, “Swimming of course!”
“But, uh, I don’t have any swimming trunks.”  Tenchi looked down at the
slacks he was wearing.
“That’s okay you can wear some of my brothers.  Come on.”  She grabbed his
arm and pulled him inside.

“I wonder what he’s been up to?”  Jared mused aloud as he pulled up in front
of Tenchi’s house.  He hadn’t talked to Tenchi in the past two days, and he
was beginning to wonder what was going on, “Probably spending all his time
with that Tareeka girl.”  He muttered as he got out of his car.  He looked
at the house, he could hear loud rock music coming from within.
“When did Tenchi start listening to rock music?”  He wondered as he walked
up to the house.  He waited until there was a moment of silence between the
songs and pushed the doorbell.  After a minute the music was turned off and
he could see someone coming to the door.  His eyes opened wide when he saw
who it was.
“Can I help you?”  Ryoko looked at him inquisitively, she had changed into a
pair of short tan shorts and a light blue tank-top.
“Is Tenchi here?”  Jared said after a moment, he couldn’t believe it, after
searching for all this time, he had finally found her!
“No he went to his dad’s work or something.”  She looked at him oddly, “Do I
know you?”
Jared smiled, “No, no I don’t think so, well just tell Tenchi that Jared
stopped by.”  He put emphasis on his name, he turned and walked away
smiling, * I finally found you Ryoko, and now I’ll have my revenge. *

Ryoko watched the man you called himself Jared get into the car and drive
away.  Why did he look so familiar?  And why was his name so familiar?  She
shut the door and leaned against it, had she ever known a Jared?  She tried
to remember but much of her memory was foggy, she wasn’t sure if it was
because of the control Kagato had had on her at the time or because of the
fact that there were now two different memories in her head.  While the two
were similar, there were many differences.
“Jared.”  She said aloud.  “I know him, I know I do.”  She looked down at
her hand that was now clenched into a fist.  “I know I know him.”  She
looked at the ceiling and her eyes widened as she remembered.  “Oh, shit!”
She said standing straight, “I need to talk to Tenchi right away!”

After Tenchi and Tareeka had been swimming for a few hours, they went inside
and Tareeka made some lunch, Tenchi realized how much he missed Sasami’s
cooking.  He realized that the whole time he had been here we hadn’t thought
too much about the others, he felt sort of bad for being selfish, but at the
same time he was glad that he wasn’t worrying about it.
After lunch the two went to the park and spent the rest of the day there
talking and swinging, when the sun started to set Tenchi made up an excuse
of why he had to get home and left.
“What a great day.”  He thought aloud as he jogged up his driveway, he had
remembered, well actually had been reminded, to get the folder he had
brought with.  He walked inside and was surprised to see the house cleaned
and Ryoko no where in site.
“Ryoko?”  He called as he walked into his dads office.  “Hmmm.  Wonder where
she is.”  He muttered as he threw the folder down on his fathers desk.
“Where have you been all day?”  Ryoko appeared behind him.
Tenchi jumped, “God Ryoko!  Don’t scare me like that!”  He turned around
smiling but the smile quickly faded when he saw Ryoko’s angry expression.
“Uh, what’s wrong Ryoko?”
“Where have you been all day?”  She repeated slowly.
“Oh, sorry I ended up helping dad out for longer than I expected.”  He gave
her a small smile.
“You weren’t there.”  She said simply, “I went there, you weren’t there and
he had never even called here.”
“What?”  Tenchi said in both anger and fear, “You checked up on me?  Why
would you do that?  Don’t you trust me?”
“Hey don’t try and turn this around!”  Ryoko said angrily, “Something very
serious is going to happen soon and I needed to talk to you about it.  You
lied to me!”  Ryoko was furious, Tenchi was a little nervous, he had never
seen Ryoko this angry, well not with him anyway.
“I don’t have to tell you everything I’m doing you know.”  Tenchi began
walking out of the room, “We’re not married or anything.”
Ryoko appeared before him and grabbed his shirt, “You lied to me.  You went
someplace that you shouldn’t have, otherwise you wouldn’t have lied to me.”
“Let me go, Ryoko.”  Tenchi was getting angry now as well.
The two glared at each other for a moment and then Ryoko finally released
him.  “Fine.  You don’t want to tell me, then I’m not going to tell you.”
Ryoko turned and walked away.
“You don’t want to trust me, so why should I trust you?”  Tenchi countered.
“What?”  Ryoko angrily spun around, “I did trust you!  You said you were
going to you’re fathers office and I said ‘fine’!  I didn’t interrogate you
about it, I simply took you’re word.  And then something happened and I
needed to talk to you, only to find out that you lied to me!  So don’t you
dare say that I don’t trust you!”
Tenchi knew she was right, but was too angry to admit it, “I don’t want to
talk about this!”  He walked past her and up to his room, he slammed the
door shut.
“You!”  Ryoko angrily began but then stopped, abruptly she fell to her knees
and started crying.

“Finally.” Aieka said as the Earth came into view.
“Yeah!”  Sasami smiled as she looked out, “Do you think everyone else is
already there?”
“I don’t know Sasami.”  Aieka said smiling, “But I hope so.”  Aieka was
dressed in a purple dress with a white stripe down the middle and another
one going around her waist.  Sasami was in a blue and green dress with gold
stripes around the sleeves.  “I thought it was going to take a week to get
here?”  Aieka looked at Matthius, “It’s only been a few days wasn’t it?”
“Only four.”  Matthius said not looking up from the controls.  He was
wearing a pair of black pants and a black long-sleeved shirt.
“Why so much quicker than you thought?”  Sasami asked looking at the screen
he was watching.
“This ship is faster in hyper-space than I thought it would be.”  He simply
stated.
“What are you looking at?”  Aieka said somewhat annoyed.
“I’m not sure.”  Matthius said.
“What?”  Aieka walked over and looked at the screen.
What looked sort of like a Jurain space station fizzled in and out of view.
“What is a Jurai space station doing around Earth?”  Aieka wondered aloud.
“Exactly what I’m wondering.”  Matthius said, “I sure as well didn’t post
any station here, did you?”
“No not that I can recall.”  Aieka said.
Matthius bit his lip.
“Should we hail them?”  Aieka asked.
“No, let them hail us.”  Matthius punched a few keys in the computer and
ship turned and began to circle around the Earth.  “Home, sweet home.”
Matthius smiled, “Ryoko is free.”  He said smiling.
“And how do you know that?”  Aieka demanded.
“Intercepted the transmission that Funaho sent out.”
Aieka bit her lip, “Does it say how long she’s been free?”
Matthius smiled, “According to when the transmission was sent, she’s been
free for three days now.”
Aieka ground her teeth, “Three days alone with lord Tenchi?  Oh, I can’t
stand that thought.”
“Then don’t think about it.”  Matthius said chuckling.  The ship suddenly
began to rock, “What the?”  Matthius looked at the view screen, “We’re off
course!  We’re in some sort of tractor beam!”
“From the space station?”  Aieka quickly guessed.
“Appears so.”  Matthius said punching a few buttons on the control panel,
“Guess they don’t hail people out here.”  He muttered somewhat angrily.
They all went to the hull where they would dock with the station.  They all
waited until they were attached to the Jurai station.  “They better have a
damn good reason for all this.”  Matthius muttered as he unlocked the door.
They were greeted by six soldiers, all standing with weapons ready, and a
tall Lieutenant with short spiky blond hair and sharp orange eyes.
“Who are you?  What is your purpose here?”  The Lieutenant demanded.
“I’m Matthius, you’re damn emperor, and what the hell are you doing here?”
Matthius walked onto the deck of the station, “I didn’t authorize this!”
The Lieutenant smirked, “Sorry to inform you that Emperor Asuza is the only
emperor that I will bow to.  He sent us here to protect the last crowned
price of Jurai so that one day the throne could be reclaimed by its rightful
owners.”  The Lieutenant smiled cockily, “Seems like we’ll be able to take
care of the usurper without the big war though.”
Matthius smiled, “Try me you little bitch!”  He pulled his sword out and
ignited it.
“Hold on!”  Aieka stepped in front of him, “I am the first crowned princess
of Jurai, we didn’t come here to harm Tenchi!  He knows us already, we’re
his friends.”
The Lieutenant raised an eyebrow, “You know his name?  How?  No one on Jurai
knew that he existed.  He only found out by talking with Yosho.”
“You’ve contacted Yosho?”  Aieka was surprised, “He knows you’re here?”
“Of course.”  The Lieutenant looked at her, “We didn’t even know about
Tenchi until we arrived here, now we wait for Tenchi’s training to be
complete so that he can lead the assault.”
“Ha!”  Matthius barked, “Listen you either take us to Tenchi or we’ll
destroy you and this station and then we’ll go there anyway!”
The Lieutenant smiled, “Well the two princesses are more than welcome to
pass through, you on the other hand will die here.”
Aieka and Sasami both gasped as soldiers grabbed them and pulled them away.
“Kill the usurper!”  The Lieutenant shouted.
The six soldiers charged Matthius with the spears.
Matthius laughed and surrounded himself in an energy shield, as the blades
all harmlessly bounced off the shield he shot the shield out knocking all of
the soldiers back.  He then lunged at the Lieutenant.
The Lieutenant pulled out his own sword and met Matthius’s charge.  Matthius
jumped back as two soldiers tried to run him through, as he landed he spun
around and kicked one soldier in the face, knocking out teeth and blood and
causing the soldier to fall into another soldier.  He spun around and
deflected one spear with his sword and then released and energy blast from
his free hand that burned a whole through the soldier.  Another soldier
charged and Matthius jumped aside, the soldier did manage to score a light
cut on his right side though.  Matthius cursed as another charged from
behind, Matthius hooked his arm around the spear and head-butted the
charging soldier, he then decapitated him.
The remaining four regrouped with the Lieutenant, “You’re pretty good.”  The
Lieutenant said with a smirk, “But not good enough to beat us all at once”
Matthius grinned, “You ain’t seen nothing yet.”  He brought his hands
together and unleashed another energy blast, the soldier all dodged it, but
now they were scattered.  Matthius appeared behind one and ran him through,
he then appeared in front of another, the soldier lunged with his spear but
Matthius cut the spear in half and punched the soldier in the face.  As the
other three charged from behind Matthius grabbed the soldier and pushed him
at his comrades.  He managed to trip one, but the Lieutenant and another
soldier still came at him, with blinding speed he deflected both the sword
and the spear as the came at him, he then leapt into the air and unleashed a
barrage of blasts that killed the soldier and sent the Lieutenant flying.
The other two soldier collected themselves and charged, Matthius rushed in
and ducked below their spears, he punched one in the stomach and put his
sword through the other one.  He then grabbed the remaining soldier’s head
and snapped his neck.  Matthius then turned to the Lieutenant, who was just
pushing himself up from the blasts.
“Think you can take me one on one?”  Matthius smiled.
The Lieutenant nervously looked around at the dead bodies of his comrades.
Matthius smiled, “Take me to the bridge and I won’t kill you.”
The Lieutenant swallowed and nodded, “Follow me.”

Tenchi sighed, he knew he was being too hard on Ryoko, but he didn’t want to
tell her where he had been yesterday.  So instead he just kept throwing the
trust thing in her face, he hated fighting with her, but he couldn’t think
of anything else to do.
“What is she so worried about?”  He wondered aloud as he looked at himself
in the mirror, he was wearing pair of tan shorts and a white T-shirt today.
He sighed, “Guess I’ll try to talk to her again.
He walked out of his room and went downstairs where Ryoko was nervously
staring out the window.
“Looks like it’ll rain today.”  Tenchi said as he came up behind her.
She jumped and rounded on him, at first she looked happy to see him but then
changed her expression to an angry one and looked back out the window.
“Ryoko,” He began putting a hand on her shoulder, “I’m sorry about
yesterday, you’re right you did trust me.  And I’m sorry I got mad, but I
don’t think I should have to tell you where I am every second of the day.
That’s not very fair to me, I don’t get any privacy then.”
Ryoko said nothing, but she seemed to be softening a little.  “Oh, Tenchi.”
She said after a moment, “You know I can’t stay mad at you for long.”  She
turned around and smiled, Tenchi smiled back and the two embraced.
“Boy I wish you would stop all your other fights this easily.”  Tenchi said
smiling.
Ryoko laughed, “I may be getting kind of soft, but only towards you.”  She
smiled as she looked at him.  Tenchi smiled back and for a moment it seemed
that they connected on a deeper level than humanly possible.
Tenchi began to get kind of uneasy, “So uh, what happened that you wanted to
talk to me about?”
Ryoko snapped out of her daze, “Oh, well this guy stopped by here, said his
name was Jared.”
“Jared stopped by?”  Tenchi seemed surprised, Jared usually didn’t just stop
by, he always called first, “What did he say?”
“Oh, nothing.”  Ryoko said, “Just to tell you that he stopped by.”
“That’s it?”  Tenchi was a little annoyed, “That is what was so important
that you had to talk to me immediately?”
“No that’s not it.”  Ryoko looked back out the window, “I know him Tenchi.”
“What?”  Tenchi took a step back, “How could you know Jared?”
“It took me a while to remember but when I finally did I got really scared.
Jared was Kagato’s assistant, he worked with Kagato while I was under
Kagato’s control.  Jared got jealous of my power and so Kagato decided to
experiment with him and see if he could outdo my mom and make Jared stronger
than me.”
“Did he succeed?”
“I don’t know, right before Kagato finished I ended up attacking Jurai and
getting locked into that cave.  I don’t know how strong Jared is now, but I
know he’s going to come after me.”
“How do you know that?”
“By the way he looked at me, I think he came to this planet searching for
me, I don’t know if he is still working with Kagato anymore, he wasn’t back
in our dimension when we fought him, but I don’t know about this one.”
“Our dimension?”  Tenchi said surprised, “Where are we?”
“Haven’t you figured it out yet?”  Ryoko said surprised, “That black hole
brought us all into a different dimension.  What did you think was going
on?”
“I don’t know.”  Tenchi said, feeling a little dumb, “I thought maybe we had
gone back in time or something and since you weren’t set free things were
going differently or something.”
Ryoko smiled, “That’s a pretty good lie to make up on the spot, but no,
we’re in another dimension.
Tenchi turned red.  “Why do you think I was lying?”
Ryoko shrugged, “Oh, no reason.”  She looked back out the window, “He’s
going to come today, I know it.  He’ll come for me.”
Tenchi put a reassuring hand on Ryoko’s shoulder, “Well I’m right here to
fight alongside you.”
Ryoko smiled, “Thanks.”
Tenchi smiled back, “Anytime.”

wow! was that scary or what?  i mean ryoko and tenchi in a fight! (i know it
happened in ova 1 but that wasnt a real fight!  imagine if tenchi and ryoko
really went at it. man that would be something)  and i know that was just a
heated arguement and not a fight. so uhm it seems like it took forever to
get this far, i finished the tokima saga, well the last few chapters, in
just a few days, and then it took me over a week to write 9 and 10, this one
took me two nights i think?  12 is hard at work, so it seems like i've
slipped into my tenchi mood again, well as always email me!! that is an
order!!, of course the rest of the tokimi saga hasnt even been posted as of
the day im submitting this so i guess i cant complain too much, but i really
want some feedback, none of my friends are really into anime so i cant be
like, "here what do you think of this?"  first of all they wont want to read
it and if they do they'll be like, "Who the hell is tenchi, ryoko?  whered
you get these funky names?"  so that wont do me any good.  so uhm thats alli
think  Long Live MUyoZ!  and i cant wait for the third ova season.!!

_________________________________________________________________
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com
