Unwelcome guest chap 2

        Although the entire household went to sleep early none of them got
very much sleep.  They all gathered around the table and ate in silence.
Tenchi didn’t eat all of his food and went over to the window.
        “That’s it!”  Ryoko stood up and threw down her chopsticks.  It was
summer
outside now so she was wearing a pair of orange shorts and a white tank top.
  Everyone looked over at her.  “I can’t take it anymore!  Why is everyone
getting so worked up about this?  It’s just some kid from another country!”
        “Because every time something like this happens it ends up bad.”
Washu
said.  She was wearing her usual dress this morning, “We’ve had so many
strange things happen around here that no one wants to take any more
chances.”
        “I’m worried, Even though this seems like nothing important, I’m
worried we
might somehow face danger because of this.”  Aieka stared at the table, she
was wearing a light blue summer dress, much like the one Sasami usually
wore.
        “You’re all overreacting.”  Tenchi said calmly.  He was wearing
jeans and a
white t-shirt, “The school contacted my grandfather.  We know he’s a history
major.  What else do you want?”
        “Speaking of Yosho, I haven’t seen him this morning, have you?”
Sasami
said.  She was wearing a bright pink dress that matched her eyes.
        “He went to the shrine early.”  Washu said.  “Probably wanted to
clean it
up before the boy gets here.”
        Tenchi looked back out the window and saw someone walking slowly
towards
the house.  “Hey!  He’s coming!”  Tenchi turned to the four girls, “Okay,
now remember, no fights, no powers, and be nice!”  He looked straight at
Ryoko for the last one.
        They all ran to the window to see the new addition.  As he came into
view
they saw that he was tall, taller than Ryoko, though not by much.  His hair
was so dark brown that it looked black and was spiked up on the top.  He
wore bright orange shoes and tan slacks.  He had a purple t-shirt on and a
backpack slung over his shoulder.
        “That’s him?”  Ryoko asked.  “That’s what people from America dress
like?”
        “He’s very colorful.”  Sasami giggled.
        Tenchi walked outside to greet him, “Hi, my name is Tenchi.”  He
said as he
extended his hand to the stranger.
        “Hello.”  The stranger said as he took Tenchi’s hand, “It’s good to
meet
you, you’re the grandson of the caretaker, right?”
        “Yes that’s correct.”  Tenchi said looking at the young American.
He
looked older than Tenchi, not by much though, of course Tenchi realized that
he had to be if he was in college.  “So where in the US are you from?”
        “Indiana, a small town called Dyer.  Not to far from Chicago if that
helps.”  The teen said.  His eyes went past Tenchi to the four girls
standing in the doorway.
        “Ah, uh, I’m sorry but my grandfather never told me your name.”
Tenchi
glanced behind him to see what the boy was staring at.
        “Oh, no biggie, my name is Eric.”  Eric stopped looking at the girls
and
met Tenchi’s gaze.
        “Pleased to meet you Eric.”  Tenchi said smiling.  “Please, come
in.”
        Eric nodded and walked into the house.  He stood in the doorway
until
Tenchi motioned that he sit on the couch.  Ryoko, Ayeka, and Washu crowded
around him.
        “So, uh Eric, how old are you?”  Tenchi asked.
        “19.”  Eric said looking at Ryoko and smiling.
        “How long are you going to be staying here?”  Ryoko asked as she
glared
hard at him.
        Eric did not seem intimidated by Ryoko’s hard gaze; he shrugged, “As
long
as it takes to get my report done.  And I’ll probably go and see some of
Tokyo as long as I’m here.  It’s not too far from here if I’m not mistaken.”
        “About an hour and a half.”  Tenchi said.
        Eric smiled, “Not too bad.  So tell me Tenchi, are these your
cousins?
Sisters?  What?”
        “Uh,” Tenchi began scratching his head and smiling nervously, “Well
you
see.”
        “I’m Tenchi’s aunt.”  Washu interjected, “This is my daughter,
Ryoko,
Tenchi’s cousin.  And that is Ayeka and Sasami, Tenchi’s cousins from the
other side of his family.”
        “Ah.”  Eric smiled and looked at Ayeka and Sasami, “Where are your
parents?”
        “Dead,” Washu answered for them, “they died in a plane crash a while
ago.”
        The smile faded off Eric’s face, “Sorry to hear that.”
        “It was a long time ago.”  Ayeka said, “Don’t worry about it.”
        “Okay then.”  Tenchi said standing up, “I’m sure you want to unpack
and
rest.  You’ll be staying with Ryoko if that’s okay with you.”
        Eric stood next to Ryoko and looked at her with a sly smile, “No
complaints
here.”
        “Don’t even think about it buddy.”  Ryoko growled, “Now come on,
follow me
to your room.”
        Ryoko lead him upstairs into the room where he would be staying.  It
was
pretty bare except for a bed against the wall.  “There’s only one bed,” Eric
said looking at Ryoko smiling, “are we going to share it or something?”
        “In your dreams.”  Ryoko muttered as she walked out of the room,
“Unpack
and then come back downstairs.”  She called behind her as she left.
        Eric smiled, “This’ll be easier than I thought.”  He said laughing
quietly.

        “He seems very nice.”  Sasami said after he was out of sight.
        “Yes, he does.”  Aieka said.  She looked over at Tenchi, “So what
are we
supposed to do while he’s here?”
        “Uh, well, just be normal I guess.”  Tenchi said.
        “Hmmph, well I’ll be in my lab if anyone needs me.”  Washu said
walking
towards the closet.
        Ryoko came down the stairs muttering.
        “Hey, Ryoko!”  Washu called, “Get me a piece of his hair so I can
analyze
it.”
        “Yea whatever.”  Ryoko muttered walking over to Tenchi, “Tenchi,”
she said
pleadingly, “does he have to stay in my room?”
        “Well, where else is he going to stay?”  Tenchi asked backing slowly
away
from Ryoko as she leaned closer to him.
        “Well,” she said smiling, “He could stay in your room and you could
stay
with me.”
        “I think not!”  Aieka interjected herself between them.  “Tenchi is
not
going to be alone with you for one minute, let alone an entire night!”
        “Hey. I wasn’t asking you!”  Ryoko and Aieka were face-to-face,
ready to
get in another fight.
        “Girls, please!”  Tenchi separated them.  “Act normal!”  He said
giving
both of them hard looks.  “You’re both supposed to be my cousins, so that
means no flirting of any kind is going to go on while he’s here.  No
fighting, no blowing things up, no flying, no going through walls, and most
importantly NO FIGHTING!”  He stared at Ryoko as he listed everything off.
        “Hey, why are you looking at me like that?”  Ryoko said in a hurt
tone,
“It’s not all my fault, if Aieka would just mind her own business.”
        “Tenchi is my business!”  Aieka said angrily, “He was mine since
before he
was born!”
        “Tenchi’s not some weird Jurian that wants to marry his sister!”
Ryoko
barked, “He wants a nice girl like me to take care of him.”
        “Nice?  Nice?  If that is what he wants then you are a far cry from
it!”
Aieka gave a dark smile.
        “What’d you say?”  Ryoko got back in Aieka’s face.
        “Well what a very spirited bunch.”  Eric was leaning on the railing
watching the two girls.
        “Uh, they, uh, oh geez.”  Tenchi smiled nervously as he looked at
the two,
“Now look what you two have done.”  He muttered.
        “Just having a friendly disagreement.”  Ryoko smiled and laughed,
putting
her arm around Aieka.
        “Yes nothing more.”  Aieka smiled.
        “Uh-huh.”  Eric walked down the rest of the stairs, “Didn’t look
very
friendly to me.”  He walked up to the two of them.  “It looked to me like
you two were going to start throwing fists.”
        “Yea, well what do you know anyway?”  Ryoko said angrily.  “You’ve
been in
this house for a matter of minutes and you’re acting like you know it all!”
        “I’m just stating what I observed.”  Eric said defensively.
        “Yea, well.”  Ryoko began when Tenchi cut her off.
        “Let’s go take a tour of the shrine.”  He said stepping in front of
Ryoko.
        “Sure.”  He said smiling.
        Tenchi and Eric walked out the door and out of view.  “Maybe I
should
follow them.”  Ryoko said aloud.
        “I don’t think that boy is a threat.  At least not like you’re
thinking.”
Aieka said.
        “Maybe,” Ryoko said.  “But I’d rather be safe than sorry.”
        “Just leave Tenchi alone for a little while, will you?”  Aieka said
irately.
        “Hey!”  Ryoko yelled as Aieka walked away.

        “Those girls seem to be quit a handful.”  Eric said as they walked
up the
stone stairs leading to the shrine.
        “They can be, yea.”  Tenchi said.
        “It’s kind of strange to have so many girls living with you.”  Eric
said
looking off into the forest, “Must be tough on you considering how
attractive they are.”
        “Yea, kind of.”
        “Well I know if I was in your situation, I would be doing things a
little
differently.”
        “Yea?”  Tenchi looked over at Eric, “How so?”
        “Well,” He said looking up at the sky, “I think that I would be all
over
that Ryoko, she’s absolutely gorgeous.  Don’t you think?”
        “She’s attractive.”  Was all Tenchi said as they continued along the
stairs.
        “Hey, tell you what.”  Eric laughed as he turned to Tenchi, “I’ll
take
Ryoko with me when I leave.  That’ll be one less headache for you, right?”
        Tenchi laughed, “Yea.  That would make things easier.  You haven’t
even met
Mihoshi and Kiyone yet.”
        “There’s more?”  Eric said surprised.
        “Yea, only those two though.  They’re not anywhere near as bad as
Ryoko or
Aieka thankfully.”
        “Ah.”  Was all Eric said as the shrine came into sight.  “Well,”
Eric said,
“Start filling my head with knowledge.”
        “My pleasure.”  Tenchi said smiling.

        They spent the rest of the day walking around and talking, Eric told
Tenchi
what America was like, and what the girls were like back home.  Tenchi told
him some of the stories about what happened with Ryoko and Aieka.  Tenchi
wasn’t sure why but for some reason he was more than willing to share with
Eric.  He even told Eric that none of the girls were related to him.  He
made up different stories about how they came to live with him, omitting the
fact that they were from another planet, and told Eric everything except for
their and his powers, Kagato and the Dr. Clay incident.
        “I know they all like me.”  Tenchi was saying.  They were sitting on
the
grass by the lake, “Ryoko and Aieka show it more than the others.  But I
don’t know what I should do.”
        “Do you like them?”  Eric asked him.
        “Well, yes I do, but I like them all, I don’t want to hurt anyone’s
feelings.”
        “Ah, so you like Ryoko just as much as Aieka and just as much as
Kiyone,
eh?”
        “Well, I don’t really know.”  Tenchi said looking at Eric.
        “Well, if you could get rid of one of them who would you miss the
least?”
        “Uhm,” Tenchi looked up at the sky, “It’s hard to say.  I don’t see
Kiyone,
Mihoshi or Washu very much.  Kiyone and Mihoshi are always at work and Washu
is always in her room working on something.  But I do like what little time
I get to spend with them.  If Ryoko or Aieka were gone there would be a lot
less fighting, which would make things a lot easier on me.  But if Aieka was
gone, Sasami would be gone too and Sasami makes things much easier around
the house.”
        “What about the time you spend alone with Ryoko?”
        “I don’t really get to spend much time alone with Ryoko or Aieka.”
He said
sighing, “Whenever I’m with one of them the other is always around making
sure nothing happens.  Ryoko is a little too pushy for me, but Aieka is too
passive.  The only time she shows that she likes me is when Ryoko does
something.”
        “Tell, you what.”  Eric leaned towards Tenchi.  “Pick one of them
that you
want to spend the day with, and I’ll make sure the other one is occupied.”
        Tenchi laughed, “It would be pretty hard to keep Ryoko occupied and
in the
house all day.”
        “There’s your answer.”  Eric said lying down on the grass.
        “What do you mean, ‘There’s my answer’, what are you talking about?”
        “I told you that you could be alone with any one of them for a whole
day.”
Eric said smiling, “And you picked Aieka.”
        “But I.”  Tenchi started, he was going to say that he never said
Aieka, but
Eric was right, he had had Aieka in mind when he said that about Ryoko.
“That just means I want to spend a little time alone with her that’s all!”
Tenchi said.  “I never get to see just one of them without the other coming
along and starting a fight.”
        “Well then spend a day with all of them alone.”  Eric said sitting
up
again, “If you’re not sure still, then spend one day alone with each of them
and find out whom you get along with the best and have the most fun with.
That should make the matter fairly simple.”
        “What if I get along with one better but have more fun with a
different
one?”  Tenchi asked.
        “Well,” Eric said thinking, “Spend an extra day with the two and
then
decide.”
        “Why am I even thinking about this?”  Tenchi wondered aloud, “It’s
not
going to happen.  And even if it did and I knew which one I wanted I still
wouldn’t do anything because I don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings.”
        “C’mon man.”  Eric said, “You can’t just stay miserable because you
don’t
want to hurt their feelings.  It’s good to be considerate but sometimes you
have to think of yourself.”
        “You’re right.”  Tenchi said.  “I’ve had to put up with all of them
fighting for too long.  It’s time I figured out who I want so I can be
happy.”
        “There you go.”  Eric said lying down.  “So who are you going to
spend
tomorrow with?”
        “I don’t know.”  Tenchi said.  “I’ll have to figure it out.”
        “Well by the time I leave here you’ll be with the girl you want,
Tenchi.”
Eric said.  Which means he won’t miss the ones I’m going to take with me.
He thought to himself smiling.

Well thats chap 2, dont worry i'll get some action in there in a bit just
hafta build stuff up first, introduce new ppl get you involved in them, you
know.  so anyway i'd like to thank gensao (dont know your real name sorry)
for putting these up, i luv this sight and i really appreciate him putting
my stuff up, anyway on to chap 3.
