Ryoko watched the entire fight from her room in the tower.  At first
Matthius had the obvious advantage, Tenchi couldn’t summon the light hawk
wings, and Matthius could use all of his powers.  Matthius knocked Tenchi
around like he was nothing, it pained Ryoko to see Tenchi get beat up so
bad, she wanted nothing more than to fly down there and help him, and she
almost did more than once.  Two things held her back though, first, even if
she did go down there to help, she couldn’t do anything against Matthius
without all her gems.  And two, she had promised Matthius that she wouldn’t
get involved, and she didn’t want to fight him anyway.
She thought the fight was over when Tenchi fell to the ground and didn’t get
back up.  Her thoughts were confirmed when Matthius began walking away, but
then something happened.  Somehow Tenchi got a hold of the light hawk wings.
  And the fight started anew.  Now it seemed that the two were evenly
matched, Matthius was a more skilled fighter, but Tenchi was so angry that
he was going all out without a sign of tiring.  Then Tenchi released an odd
blast from his sword, Matthius said something and Tenchi seemed a little
surprised and scared.  Then out of nowhere Kagato appeared and joined the
fight against Tenchi.  Seeing Kagato brought back all sorts of horrible
memories, it also made her angry, two against one wasn’t fair at all.  It
made her want to go help Tenchi even more.  But the same two things held her
back.  Eventually Tenchi killed Kagato, again, and returned to fighting
Matthius.  Then the two both hit each other.  They both fell.  She could
tell they were both seriously injured and worn out.
They began to gather their power for one final attack.  Ryoko began to cry,
she knew that with the power they were summoning they would kill each other.
  And no winner would emerge.  She knew what she had to do.

“Where’s Sasami?”  Washu asked once they got outside.
“She’s with Ryo-Ohki on another island.”  Aieka informed her.
“Ah.”  Washu closed her eyes and then smiled, “They’ll be here in a minute.”
“If I may ask, Miss Washu, what are you going to do with my sister?”
Washu turned to Aieka, “Well, right now Tenchi and Matthius are locked in
combat, and they can’t stop because if they do, Tokimi will kill Matthius.
While that may be alright with you guys.  It would greatly upset both Tenchi
and Ryoko.  So, Sasami and I are going to confront Tokimi and put a  stop to
her.”
Aieka opened her mouth to say something but Ryo-Ohki appeared in the sky and
dropped off Sasami, the ship then turned into a cabbit and hopped over to
Aieka.
“Meow?”  Ryo-Ohki asked Aieka.
Aieka smiled, “She’ll be okay.”  She reassured both Ryo-Ohki and herself as
Washu took Sasami’s hand and led her into the palace.

Tenchi flew toward Matthius, the two seemed to be moving in slow motion even
though they were moving faster than any human eye could see.  Tenchi knew
that this was it.  One way or another the fight was going to end now.
Something happened then, there was a small flash and Ryoko was standing
right in their path, she had her head down and both of her arms out like she
was telling them to stop, Tenchi was sure he saw tears.
He tried to stop, as did Matthius, but at the speed they were going and with
how close they already were, neither could move in time.  Tenchi’s sword
went through her near her kidneys and stomach, it came out the other side of
her near Matthius’s stomach.  Matthius’s sword went in by her ribs, right
under her heart and came out right near Tenchi’s chest.  Both Tenchi and
Matthius were covered in blood, most of which wasn’t their own.  Both their
eyes wide and they both stepped back and pulled their swords out the woman
they both loved.  Ryoko let out a small gasp and fell to the floor, she was
soon lying in a pool of her own blood.
“Ryoko.”  Tenchi said quietly and fell to his knees next to her.  He cradled
her head in his arms, “Ryoko.”  He said again quietly, “Why?”
“Tenchi.”  She whispered, “I’m sorry, Tenchi, but I couldn’t stand to see
you two kill each other, I care about both of you too much.”  She coughed up
blood and spit out what she could, “Matthius I’m sorry I broke my promise.”
She turned her head to look at him, he stood there with an expression of
pure shock and horror on his face, tears were running down his face as well.
  “Tenchi.”  She said quietly, “Don’t kill him, I know you can find a way
without hurting him.”
“Ryoko, I.”  Tenchi looked down, “Please don’t die Ryoko.”  He looked at her
golden eyes, “I never got to spend the time with you like I wanted.”  He
said sadly, he swallowed hard, “And besides, I… I… I love you, Ryoko.”
“Oh, Tenchi.”  She smiled, “I’ve been waiting forever to hear you say that.
You could have said it a little earlier though.”  She tried to laugh but
just coughed up more blood.
“I know, Ryoko and I’m sorry.”  Tenchi wiped the tears from his eyes,
“Please don’t die on me.”
Ryoko smiled again, “You finally know you love me just when I get confused
about my feelings.  Don’t misunderstand me Tenchi, I love you with all my
heart, but I think I love another as well.”  She smiled, “I guess now I
under stand how you’ve felt all this time with me and Aieka.”
“Ryoko.”  Tenchi said quietly.
She smiled one last time and then her eyes slowly closed.
“No.”  Tenchi said quietly, “No.”  A little louder, “NO!”  He finally
screamed, “RYOKO NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!”  He threw his head back and screamed, and
cried.

“Well this is it.”  Washu said staring at the huge double door.  She could
feel Tokimi’s presence behind those doors.
“What do you do know?”  Sasami nervously looked at Washu.
“Well,” Washu smiled down at the little princess, “I want you to let Tsunami
take control of you.  I’m sorry but I’m going to need her help in this.”
Sasami swallowed and nodded, the princess closed her eyes and the triangles
on her forehead began to glow.  After a moment Sasami’s image shimmered and
Tsunami stood in her place.
Washu smiled, “You know what we’re going to do?”
Tsunami nodded.
“Excellent, are you ready?”
Tsunami nodded once more, “It’s time for us to put an end to this.”
“Well,” Washu smiled, “At least an end to Tokimi.”
They pushed the doors open and walked into the chamber.  The stars appeared
and the image of Tokimi appeared.  She laughed, “So my sisters are deciding
to team up against me?”
“It’s time to end this, Tokimi.”  Washu stated firmly, “We won’t harm you if
you agree to let our champions go.”
Tokimi laughed, “Under normal circumstances, I would be quit nervous to face
the two of you at once.”  Tokimi chuckled again, “But these circumstances
are far from normal.”
“What?”  Tsunami and Washu began.
Suddenly a face appeared before them, it was the face of an old man with a
long beard and a gem in his forehead.
“What the hell?”  Washu began.
Suddenly the gem began to glow and both Tsunami and Washu were covered in
red electricity and as the two began to scream in pain, Tokimi began to
laugh hysterically.

“They’ve been gone for an awfully long time.”  Aieka worriedly said.  “I
hope that they are okay.”
Kiyone frowned, “Well I don’t want to wait here in case they aren’t.  I say
we go in there and find them.”
Aieka was surprised by the aggressive nature Kiyone was displaying, “Why are
you so gun ho?”  Aieka asked.
“I can’t stand just standing here while the fate of our universe gets
decided.”
Aieka smiled, “All right then, let’s go.”
Kiyone and Aieka started into the palace.
“Hey!”  Mihoshi yelled, “Wait for me!”

Tenchi looked at the body that was once Ryoko, now though, it was nothing
but a lifeless corpse.  Tenchi stood up and wiped the tears from his eyes,
he couldn’t believe she was gone.  Sure she had gotten on his nerve
sometimes, and she annoyed him a lot when he wanted to be left alone, and
she started most of the fights with Aieka, but despite all that, he still
loved her.  And now she was gone, and he had never even had the chance to
spend time with her as he had Aieka.  Though he had told himself that he
wouldn’t pick one of the girls until he had spent time with all of them, he
knew it would end up being either Ryoko or Aieka.  Now though, he didn’t get
the choice, Ryoko was dead.  He bit his lip and tried to hold back more
tears.  Tenchi looked up as he sensed movement.
Matthius walked over to the body and stared down at it.  The look of shock
and horror was gone, it was replaced by a sad look.  I wonder if he feels
like I do?  Tenchi wondered as he watched him.  Tenchi no longer wanted to
fight, and by the looks of it, neither did Matthius.
“Ryoko.”  Matthius said quietly, “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have brought you
here, I should have left you on Earth, maybe then this wouldn’t have
happened.”  He stared down at the body a moment longer and then looked at
Tenchi, “So now what?”
“You’re asking me?”  Tenchi was taken aback, Matthius, or Eric had always
seemed confident and full of answers, and now he was looking to Tenchi for
answers, Tenchi had always went to Eric for help.
Matthius looked back down at Ryoko’s body.  Suddenly he staggered back and
but a hand to his chest.  It was then that Tenchi noticed the large gash
that ran across his chest, “Oh.  Sorry.”  He said.
Matthius grinned, “No need to be sorry, I’ll live.”  Abruptly his grin
vanished, “Ryoko.”  He said quietly.
Tenchi looked back down at her body, she was beautiful.  But she was gone
now.  Gone forever.  Tenchi had never even considered that something like
this might happen.
“It’s not too late!”  Matthius suddenly said, he looked at Tenchi smiling,
“It’s not too late, you can still save her!”
“What?”  Tenchi was more confused than ever, “What are you talking about?
She’s dead, there’s nothing I can do.”
Matthius smiled, “Yes there is.  You have Tsunami’s powers, and Tsunami is
the Goddess of life.  You have the power to restore a life.”
“I do?”  Tenchi was surprised, to think that he could do something like
that.
“Yes, but you aren’t a god, so to replace one life you have to use your own
life force.  Meaning you would die.”
Tenchi swallowed hard, “Well…”  He began.
Matthius laughed, “I’m not asking you to kill yourself to bring her back
Tenchi.  You can use my life force as well as yours, we’ll both be severely
drained afterwards, but neither of us will die.  We’ll just need some time
to recover.”
Tenchi smiled, “How do I do it?”
Matthius shrugged, “How did you fire that blast from your sword?”
Tenchi frowned, “I don’t know, I just sort of willed it and it happened.”
“Then I assume it’s the same with this.”
“Are you sure I can do this?”  Tenchi looked at Matthius
“Positive.”  Matthius smiled.  “Take my hand Tenchi, and bring her back.”
Tenchi took Matthius’s hand and closed his eyes, “Here goes nothing.”  He
muttered.

The laughter grew louder and louder as Washu and Tsunami screamed, Washu
wasn’t sure how long they were incased in the power, but suddenly the door
was blasted open and Kiyone, Aieka, and Mihoshi walked into the room.
“Destroy the crystal!”  Washu screamed.
Aieka wasted no time in unleashing a huge blast of Juraian energy into the
crystal in the faces forehead.  The face twisted in pain and abruptly
vanished.
“Well, that was easy.”  Aieka said.
Now free of the energy keeping them in place Tsunami and Washu moved
forward.  Tokimi was now visibly worried.
“Sisters.”  Tokimi began.
“Can it.”  Washu said.  After looking around a moment Washu saw what she was
looking for, a small room off to the side.  She and Tsunami walked into the
room and found what they were looking for.  The object that Tokimi had
anchored her astral self to.  Washu laughed when she saw what it was.  “Only
someone as vain as you would anchor yourself to a statue of yourself.”
Tsunami smiled as well.
Tokimi’s image now appeared in the room with the two, “Sisters, you don’t
have to do this.”
Washu picked up the golden statue and smiled, “Sorry, sister, you had your
chance and you chose to fight us.  You lost.”  Washu grinned.
Tokimi began laughing suddenly, “I haven’t lost!”  She chuckled, “My
champion is still alive and well, as for yours…”  She trailed off.
“Ryoko!”  Washu checked her mental link to Ryoko and found nothing.  There
was nothing there at all.  Tokimi began to laugh hysterically, “Damn you!”
Washu screamed as she set the golden statue afire.  As she statue melted,
the image of Tokimi began to fade.
“I may have lost.”  Tokimi said, “But the battle isn’t over yet, you haven’t
won Washu.”  The image of Tokimi was gone.
Tsunami faded away and Sasami stood in her place.
“Sasami!”  Aieka smiled happily upon seeing her sister, the two embraced.
“What was that face thing?”  Kiyone asked Washu.  When Washu didn’t answer
she looked at the small scientist, “Washu?”
“Ryoko!”  Washu yelled and pushed past them all and ran out of the room.
They all exchanged glances and then followed.

When they all got to the balcony they looked around amazed.  The balcony
seemed like it was about to fall off of the palace, it had holes and burn
marks and cuts where a sword had hit.  The tower and wall were in a similar
state.  But the most amazing site was Tenchi and Matthius, both surrounded
in a white aura and floating almost three feet off the ground.  They hovered
there a moment and then all the white energy around them flew into the
lifeless form of Ryoko.  The two floated back down and slowly opened their
eyes.
“Tenchi!”  Aieka yelled and ran to him.
“Huh?”  Tenchi turned and saw them, “Aieka, Washu, you’re all alright.”  He
smiled.
“And you are too, Lord Tenchi.”  She smiled at him.
“Thanks for the welcome back.”  Ryoko muttered bitterly as Matthius helped
her to her feet.
“Ryoko!”  Tenchi spun around, he smiled wide, “It’s good to see you alive
again.”
Ryoko grinned, “It’s good to be alive again, thank you.”
Tenchi and Ryoko’s eyes met,  for a moment it seemed that they would kiss,
and they might have, if Matthius had not doubled over and cried out.
“Matthius!” Ryoko cried worriedly.
  “Eric!”  Tenchi and Ryoko both went to their knees as Matthius gripped his
heart.
He laughed bitterly, “She lost.”  He smiled, “She lost and so she’s taking
me with her.”
“What?”  Tenchi said angrily, “That’s not fair!  Tokimi is dead!  She’s been
dead for a while now, why is it happening now?”
“He was covered in Tsunami’s power.”  Washu said.  “Tokimi’s power couldn’t
effect him then, but now that he is no longer, her mental command for him to
die is taking affect.”
“No!”  Tenchi yelled, “I’m not going to let anyone die!”
“Tenchi.”  Aieka said softly.
“No.”  Tenchi stood up, “I brought Ryoko back, I can bring him back as
well.”
“You’re weak.”  Washu said, “You might not have enough power, and even if
you do, you might die.”
“I don’t care.”  Tenchi said simply, “I need all of you to join hands, I
need your power to help me.”
Ryoko quickly grabbed one hand, and Aieka the other.  After a moment Washu,
Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi joined the circle.
Tenchi closed his eyes and concentrated.  The white glow surrounded them all
and after it faded Tenchi opened his eyes and saw Eric looking back at him.
“Thanks, buddy.”  Eric said smiling, “I owe you.”
Tenchi smiled, “No, if it wasn’t for you I wouldn’t even know I could do
that.”  Tenchi swayed unsteadily.
“Are you alright?”  Aieka asked him.
“I’m fine.”  He managed a meek smile before he passed out.

“Woah!”  Eric caught Tenchi before he hit the ground.
“Tenchi!”  Aieka and Ryoko both cried.
Washu walked over to him, “He’ll be fine.”  She said after a moment, “He’s
just exhausted.
“Poor, Tenchi.”  Aieka said.
Ryoko looked at Matthius and the two shared a smile.
“Now what’s going to happen?”  Ryoko chuckled.
Suddenly the palace began to shake.
“You had to ask?”  Matthius said.
“What’s going on?”  Mihoshi screamed in terror.
“The place is falling apart without Tokimi’s presence!”  Washu screamed, “We
have to get out of here, now!”
“Ryo-Ohki!”  Ryoko yelled.
The Cabbit ship appeared and beamed them all aboard.
“Let’s get out of here!”  Ryoko yelled.
Ryo-Ohki meowed and took off into space, they all looked behind them as the
small planet caved in and became a black hole, the power from the black hole
started to suck them in.
“We’re stuck in the holes gravitational pull!”  Washu yelled.
“We don’t have the power to get away!”  Ryoko screamed.
One of the walls were ripped  off of Ryo-Ohki, Sasami screamed as she was
sucked into space.
        “Sasami!”  Aieka yelled.
Matthius leapt and caught hold of her before she was sucked out into space,
he grabbed hold of the remaining wall, “Washu cant you do something?”  He
yelled.
“I’m trying!”  She yelled back.
Another wall was ripped off and Tenchi’s unconscious body began to fly out
of the ship.
“Tenchi!”  Aieka and Ryoko both yelled.
Aieka grabbed Tenchi but was pulled out herself, Ryoko grabbed Aieka and
held on to the wall.  “Hold on to Tenchi!”  Ryoko yelled.
Kiyone and Mihoshi were desperately trying to steer the ship while Washu
typed away at her keyboard.  The front of the ship ripped apart and Kiyone
and Mihoshi were sucked into the black hole screaming.
“Shit!”  Ryoko yelled.  Her grip was giving.
“Holy!”  Matthius didn’t get to finish as the part of the wall he was
holding onto ripped away and he and Sasami were sucked into the hole.
“Matthius!”  Ryoko screamed, “No!”  She screamed again as the same thing
happened to her.  She, Aieka, and Tenchi were next.
“Well, no point in trying to get away now.”  Washu said sadly and let
herself and the rest of Ryo-Ohki get sucked in.

-Well there it is again.  I'm sure some Ryoko fanatics are angry with me for
what i'm doing to her.  But o well.  If you liked this rest assured im not
done with it yet.  Tenchi hasnt even made a choice yet.  and i cant end it
with all of them getting sucked into a black hole now can i?  Dont worry, by
the time im donw i'll have everything wrapped up.  Any q's or comments,
email me.
