Unwelcome guest - chap 1: "Odd news"

        It was a typical morning the Masaki residence.  All was quite except
for the rattling in the kitchen as Sasami fixed breakfast.  Tenchi, Ayeka,
Ryoko, and the rest were still sleeping; exhausted from the hectic day they
had yesterday.
Tenchi awoke as the sun warmed his face.  He sat up and stretched.  Looking
around tiredly he wondered what day it was, what time it was, and where he
was.  He had a pounding headache from the night before.
        “I shouldn’t have drunk whatever that was Ryoko gave me last night.”
He
muttered to himself as he made his way out of his room and down the stairs.
It looked to be another beautiful day outside.  The sun was shining and
there were hardly any clouds in the sky whatsoever.
        “Morning, Tenchi!”  Sasami cheerfully called when she saw him.
        “Morning.”  Tenchi gave a small smile but quickly stopped when he
found
talking made his head hurt even worse.
        “Are you okay?”  Sasami saw him grimace and came over nervously.
        “Just a headache.”  He said with a small smile.
        “Well, you just sit right there while I go and get you something for
it.”
Sasami pushed him gently on the couch and went upstairs.
        Tenchi put his head in his hands and moaned, “That’s the last time I
let
Ryoko talk me into something.”
        “Well I’m glad to see you too darling.”   Ryoko materialized next to
him
and wrapped her arms around him.  “And thanks for that wonderful evening
last night.”  She gave a small laugh and kissed his cheek.
        “Huh?  What are you talking about?”  Tenchi pulled away and looked
at her.
        “Me?  Oh, nothing, nothing at all, dear.”  She laughed and floated
up.
        “Dear?  What are you talking about?”  Tenchi stood up but quickly
fell back
onto the couch, his head pounded even worse than before.
        “Oh, you poor baby.”  Ryoko floated back down onto the coach, “Don’t
worry
you’ll get used to it.”
        “Used to what?”  Tenchi looked at her.
        “Drinking with me.”  She said putting her arm around him.
        “I’m never drinking anything with you again!”  Tenchi groaned as his
yelling made his headache worse, “I can’t remember anything about last
night!”
        “Really?”  Ryoko pulled back a bit, “That’s a shame you said some
very
interesting things last night.”  She grinned an evil little grin, leaned
close and whispered in his ear, “And you did some even more interesting
things.”
        “What!!”  Tenchi sat up and the grabbed his head, “Ouch!  My head”
        Ryoko laughed and floated away, “Where’s breakfast I’m starving?”
She
walked into the kitchen.
        Sasami came back downstairs followed by Ayeka.
        “Here you go, Tenchi.”  Sasami said handing him a small glass of
liquid.
        “What’s this?”  Tenchi asked as he studied it.
        “It’s Ryuoh’s sap.”  She said smiling, “It will cure anything.”
        “Sasami!  Where’s breakfast?”  Ryoko’s head appeared from the
kitchen.
        “Sorry, It’s almost done.”  Sasami ran into the kitchen.
        Tenchi drank the liquid and found himself feeling better almost
immediately.  “How are you this morning, miss Ayeka?”  Tenchi asked.
        “I’m not talking to you!”  Ayeka turned her nose up and walked
towards the
kitchen.
        “What? Why?”  Tenchi got up and went after her, “What’s wrong?”
        “What’s Wrong?”  Ayeka turned on him, “You spent all of last night
with
that demon woman, doing god only knows what.  That’s what’s wrong.”  She
began walking towards the kitchen and then turned again, “And the way you
acted last night was just uncalled for!”  She stomped into the kitchen.
        Tenchi scratched his head, “What did I do last night?”  He wondered
aloud.
        “Always a laugh to be had here.”  Washu came out of her lab.
Looking
towards the kitchen.  “And as for what you did last night, Tenchi.  I
believe she is referring to the way that you and Ryoko were hanging all over
each other.”
        “We were?”  Tenchi got a little scared, “I don’t remember that at
all!”
        “Of course not.”  Washu laughed.  “That’s what you get for
drinking!”
Washu yelled behind her as she walked into the kitchen.
        Tenchi shook his head, “Great, now I’m going to have to deal with
this all
day.”

        After an uncomfortably silent breakfast, Tenchi went to the fields
to do
his daily chores, Washu went back into the lab, Sasami and Ayeka began
cleaning up, and Ryoko lay up on the roof.  The rest of the day passed as
usual with nothing exciting happening; amazingly Ryoko and Ayeka didn’t
fight once all day.  As they gathered around the dinner table Tenchi
apologized to Ayeka and everyone else for the way he acted last night.
Mihoshi and Kiyone got back from their patrol with the galaxy police.
Everyone was enjoying a nice evening when Yosho stood up and announced, “We
are going to be having a visitor for a while.”
        “Huh?”  They all said together.
        “Who?”  Tenchi asked.
        “Why?”  Sasami asked.
        “It’s not a girl is it?”  Ryoko and Ayeka both asked.
        “It’s an exchange student from America.  Apparently he is a history
major
and is doing a project on the legend behind the Masaki shrine.”
        “America?”  Washu looked puzzled, “Why is he coming here though?
Surely he
could use the internet and all the other resources in the U.S. to find out
all the information he needs.”
        “Probably.”  Yosho said, “But he wanted to interview the caretakers
and ask
them about the legend firsthand.  His school contacted me and told me about
his request, and I said it would be fine and that he could stay here as long
as he wants.”
        “As long as he wants?”  Ryoko looked sharply at Yosho, “So what are
we all
supposed to do while he’s here?  We can’t let him know who we really are.”
        “So you don’t.”  Yosho said sitting back down, “Don’t use your
powers and
don’t do anything too suspicious.”
        “If he’s coming here all the way from America he will probably want
to stay
here for a while.”  Ayeka said looking around, “You don’t have any idea how
long he might stay here?”
        “Sorry I didn’t ask.”  Yosho said without looking up.
        “Wow, someone from America!”  Mihoshi said eagerly looking around,
“This’ll
be great.”
        “Just as long as you don’t tell him we’re galaxy police.”  Kiyone
said
giving Mihoshi a hard look.
        “Oh, I won’t do that.”  Mihoshi said laughing, “I can keep a secret
you
know.”
        “I haven’t seen you yet.”  Kiyone muttered into her tea.
        “Where is this kid going to sleep?”  Ryoko asked, “We already have
people
sharing rooms as it is.  Sasami and Ayeka, Mihoshi and Kiyone.  There aren’t
any spare rooms in the house!”
        “Well then,” Yosho said looking up at Ryoko, “Since you’re not
sharing your
room with anyone.”  Yosho trailed off.
        “What!”  Ryoko yelled leaning forward, “You can’t possibly want me
to share
my room with him!”
        “Yea, that’ll work!”  Washu began laughing, “Ryoko has trouble
putting up
with herself!  How is she going to handle someone else?”
        “What was that, Mom?”  Ryoko said glaring angrily at Washu.
        “Hehe, nothing at all dear.”  Washu said smiling nervously.
        “Well then it’s settled.”  Yosho said standing up, “He’ll stay with
Ryoko,
Tenchi you are going to show him around, and teach him about the shrine.”
        “What?”  Tenchi spit out his tea, “Why me?  You know more about the
shrine
than I do.  You’re the caretaker!”
        “Yes, but you are training to replace me.  Consider this a test of
your
knowledge.”  Yosho said walking away from the table.
        “When is he coming?”  Sasami asked.
        “He should be here sometime tomorrow morning.”  Yosho said
continuing to
walk away.
        “What?”  They all said as one.
        “A little notice might have been nice!”  Ryoko yelled as he walked
away.
        “You have almost 15 hours of notice.”  Yosho said.
        “What’s his name?”  Tenchi yelled.
        But Yosho was already out of the house and Tenchi got no reply.
        “Great, just great.” Ryoko muttered.
        “This does seem rather strange.”  Ayeka commented.
        Sasami began clearing the dishes; “Well I think it’ll be a good
learning
experience for us all.  We’ve never talked to anyone outside of this house.
Let alone someone from another country.”
        “Yea, but it is kind of odd that someone from America would display
an
interest in such a small shrine like this one.”  Washu said.
        “Yea,” Tenchi said, “there are plenty of other shrines across Japan
that
are all bigger than this one.”
        “Well I’m going to get some sleep and not worry about this right
now.”
Kiyone stood up, “You should too, Mihoshi, we’ve got a busy day tomorrow as
it is.”
        “Yea, you’re right.”  Mihoshi stood up and stretched, “Goodnight
everyone.”
  She said as her and Kiyone headed upstairs to their room.
        “Well this certainly turned out to be a strange day.”  Ayeka said.
        “Yea, and I thought for once I’d get a quiet normal day.”  Tenchi
said.
        “I don’t like this.”  Ryoko said.
        “That’s just because you have to share your room.”  Ayeka said
smiling,
“It’s about time you had to do what the rest of us do.  Honestly, it’s like
you think you’re special or something.”
        “Well excuse me for not being a snot nosed princess.”  Ryoko said
standing
up.
        “What!  What did you call me?”  Ayeka stood up to meet the
challenge.
        “You heard me you brat!”  Ryoko growled.
        Energy began to collect at Ryoko’s hands, and Ayeka began to have
the Jurai
blocks circling her.
        “Try me.” Ryoko snapped.
        “It seems you forgot what happened last time you challenged me
demon!”
        “Well why don’t you remind me?”
        “Girls!  Please!”  Tenchi planted himself in between the two. “You
two are
fighting over nothing!”  You looked at Ayeka and then Ryoko, “If you’re
going to fight at least wait until you have something to fight about!
Besides, you better get used to not using your powers.  There’s no telling
how long this guy will be here for.”
        “He’s right.”  Ayeka said calming down.
        “Yea.”  Ryoko let the energy dissipate.
        Tenchi sighed, “Thank you.”
        “I’m going to sleep.”  Ryoko said, “This’ll be last night I get my
room to
myself for a while.”
        Tenchi and Ayeka watched Ryoko walk up the stairs.
        “I wonder why she’s so touchy about this?”  Ayeka said after Ryoko
was out
of sight.
        “I don’t know.”  Tenchi said; he turned to Ayeka with a serious
face, “But
please don’t rub it in, okay?  I don’t want a fight when that guy is here.”
        “Alright.  Goodnight, Tenchi.”  Ayeka walked up the stairs,
        “’Night.”  Tenchi said.
        He walked over to the sliding glass door and looked at the stars.
“America.”  He said looking.

Okay well that was my first fan-fic ever.  So e-mail me any thoughts good or
bad.  I have it based in the Ova world in case you didnt figure that out, i
just threw kiyone in because she should be there, hey she was in the mihoshi
special after all.
anyway on to chap 2!!