Okay well first thing I feel like adding a disclaimer, it seems like all the
good stories have them and since i like to pretend that my stories are
decent im going to add one, I own all of the Tenchi muyo characters and if
you use them i will sue you for all your worth!!!  HAHAHA okay not really, i
own Matthuis, actually i dont own the name i stole it from some fantasy book
i read a while back, i cant remember what book its from.  Anyway i own the
character and i own all the other new people that i through in, everyone
else is owned by pioneer and some other big corporate people.  anyway...

Tenchi groaned as he opened his eyes.  Judging by the amount of light coming
in through the blinds it was late morning, he pushed the covers aside, stood
up and stretched.  His eyes widened in surprise when he realized he was only
wearing a white pair of boxers.  He quickly looked around the room to make
sure Ryoko wasn’t there watching him and sighed in relief when he saw she
wasn’t.  He walked over to the closet and put on a pair of tan slacks and a
black T-shirt.  He paused before he left the room, how had they gotten back?
  The last thing he remembered was Matthius waking up and thanking him, then
he had passed out.  He shook his head, Tokimi was gone, Matthius was free to
be whoever he wanted to be; everything was taken care of.  He smiled as he
walked out of his room.  Then he stopped, something was wrong.  There was no
smell of food coming from the kitchen, the TV wasn’t on, and no sounds of
arguing or talking were coming from downstairs.  He frowned and walked
downstairs and looked around.  “What in the?”  He muttered walking into the
kitchen.
“Hello?”  He looked around, the house was totally empty, he walked over to
Washu’s lab and opened the door.  It was just a closet.  He stared at the
empty closet for a while, what the hell was going on?  He wondered.  He
turned around and went out the back door, and stood there shocked.  Instead
of the lake and his grandfathers shrine he saw a fenced in backyard.  It
took him a moment to recognize it.  It was his old backyard, before Ryoko
had moved his house.  But, how did he get back here?  How did they move the
house, why did they move the house?  He walked back into the house and sat
down on the couch in front of the TV.
“What the heck is going on?”  He wondered aloud, “Where is everyone?”  He
tried to remember, but he couldn’t remember his house ever getting moved, he
didn’t remember Ryoko attacking him at school.  “Wait a minute!”  He said
aloud again, “If I don’t remember those things happening, then how come I
know I don’t remember them?”  He took a second to figure out what he was
saying.  He couldn’t remember those things happening, and yet, he knew that
they had happened.
“Was it all a dream or something?”  Tenchi muttered looking up at the
ceiling, “No it couldn’t have been.  You can’t dream something that real.
But it was rather strange, a dream would make sense.  But they were here for
months, almost a year!  How could I have dreamt a whole year out in a
night?”  He scratched his head and frowned, “I’m talking to myself too
much.”  The phone rang suddenly causing him to jump off the sofa, “Geez!”
He muttered walking over to the phone, “It’s only the phone, Tenchi calm
down.”
He picked up the phone, “Hello?”
“Hey, Tenchi?”  A male voice asked from the other end.
“Uhm, yea.”  Tenchi recognized the voice, but couldn’t think of the guys
name.
“Hey, what’s going on for today?”  The voice asked casually.
“Uh, I don’t know, I’m kinda out of it right now, I just woke up.”  It was
like it wasn’t even Tenchi that was talking, it was like someone else was
controlling him.  He wanted to ask this guy what was going on, where were
Ryoko and Aieka?
“Yea.”  The man laughed, “Last night was pretty wild, eh?”
“Sure was.”  Tenchi was trying desperately to figure out what was going on.
“Well, call me after you wake up and you’re ready to hit the town, alright?”
“Yea, no problem Jared.”  He hung up the phone and memories began coming to
him, Jared.  Jared had showed up as a transfer student near the end of the
year, he was in Tenchi’s class and Tenchi had volunteered to show him
around.  The two had become fast friends, though Tenchi couldn’t remember
where he had come from before he moved.  He somewhat remembered going to a
party the previous evening.
“What the hell is going on?”  He said looking up at the ceiling.

Matthius yawned and stretched.  He rolled over and stared out the window at
the rising sun.  He sat up and looked around, the room was extravagant.
Light blue carpeting covered the floor, the bed could easily fit three or
four people, there was a large chest cabinet to his left, and a room that he
assumed was a bathroom in front of him.  There was another door next to the
bathroom that probably led out of the room.  He looked at the sun rinsing
fast into the sky, he wasn’t sure what time it was or where he was, or how
long he had been there for that matter.  The last thing he could remember
was hanging on to Sasami and the wall had given away and they had fallen
into the black hole.  He closed his eyes and tried to remember where he was,
and then it hit him.
He was on Jurai.  About 200 years ago lady Tokimi and her followers had
attacked and conquered Jurai.  Tokimi had left him in charge.  They had
destroyed the tree that Tsunami had attached her astral self to, and
princess Sasami had gone into a coma because of it.  He also remembered
sending princess Aieka off to a distant planet to rule there.  Lady Tokimi
was still searching for Washu though, she still did not have a physical body
in this dimension yet.
He walked over to the chest cabinet and put on a black robe.  His head was
spinning and pounding, he wasn’t sure exactly what was going on yet, but he
had a good idea.  He walked into the bathroom and started the shower, he
would get ready and then go check on Sasami and Aieka.  Then they would find
the others.

“What!”  Kiyone yelled angrily, “What do you mean you’re denying me transfer
request?”  Kiyone slammed her fists on the table, “What is one good reason
for you to deny my request?”
“Well to start,” a small humanoid with large pointed ears and short green
hair looked down at the paper he had, “Earth isn’t Galaxy Police territory,
we need Jurai’s permission to go there.  And since Jurai was conquered 200
years ago we have lost all negotiation power with them.  Two, it isn’t even
a high crime zone, we don’t want to send one of our best detectives to such
a dead area.”  The humanoid stopped and looked up at Kiyone, “Do you want me
to go on?”
“No.”  She said sadly, how was she going to get in touch with Tenchi now?
She had done some research and found out that Mihoshi was far away
patrolling somewhat near Earth.  Washu was still classified as a missing
student, kidnapped by Kagato, Ryoko hadn’t been seen for over 700 years,
Sasami was in a coma, and Aieka was ruling a small planet on the outskirts
of the Jurai galaxy.
She sighed and walked out of the office and down the hallway, according to
the calendars, the time was still the same, and yet Kagato had not yet
attacked earth, Clay, Asuza.  None of it had happened.  It was like they
were on a different time line or something.  Kiyone sighed, she wasn’t sure
where everyone was exactly, or what had happened after they had been sucked
through that black hole, but she was determined to find out.

As soon as Tenchi was out of the shower and dressed in jeans and a green
T-shirt, he called Jared, he couldn’t think of the number until he actually
picked up the phone and dialed it.  They talked for a few minutes and then
Jared said he would pick Tenchi up and they would go out.  What they were
going to do was still undecided though.  Tenchi thought about going to his
grandfather’s shrine but couldn’t think of a good excuse to make Jared take
him there.  He was sure that Jared would if he just asked, but he wanted to
have a plausible excuse.  He was surprised that it was summer and he wasn’t
there anyway, but he then remembered that his grandfather had given him this
summer off because next summer was his senior year.
He still wasn’t sure what has happening, but he had decided he had to get to
the shrine and get into the cave.  He wasn’t sure how he was going to do
either of these things, but he had to.  He had to as soon as possible, the
thought of Ryoko being trapped in that cave was too horrible for him to
think about.  A knock at the door brought him out of his thoughts and back
to reality, well back to this reality anyway.  He got up and walked over to
the door, he knew it was Jared but he was hesitant to open it, he got an
uneasy feeling in his stomach.  He swallowed hard and opened the door.
He was surprised and at the same time not surprised to see Jared, it was
like he was seeing him for the first time, but he already knew what he
looked like.  Jared was taller than Tenchi, as were most people, he had long
blond hair that went down to the bottom of his face, and always seemed to
get in his face and cover up one of his brown eyes.  Jared was wearing a
black pair of jeans and a white tank top.  Jared was fairly well built, not
someone Tenchi would want to get in a fight with.
“’Sup, Tenchi?”  He said with a smile, “Did ya figure out where you wanted
to go yet?”
Tenchi smiled, “I got a few places in mind, but I don’t know if you would
want to got to any of them.”
Jared laughed, “You know I’m up for anything man, where did you have in
mind?”
“I’ll give you directions once we’re in the car.”  Tenchi said with a grin.

They ended up at a mall not far from Tenchi’s subdivision, the weren’t
actually looking to buy anything, they were there simply because many other
people were.  They talked about various things as they walked around the
mall, teachers from last year, people that left for college, people they
hadn’t seen all summer, how neither of them wanted to go back to school in
just two weeks.  Tenchi smiled as they talked, he was now understanding why
they were friends, Jared was a laid back guy, but he took everything rather
serious.  It wasn’t that he didn’t have a sense of humor, he just had an odd
one.  He was shy until you got to know him.  He was a lot like Tenchi.  But
there was something that was nagging the back of Tenchi’s mind, it was the
fact that he couldn’t remember where Jared had lived before, and he couldn’t
remember ever being to his house, or meeting his parents, or anything about
his past.  The more he thought about it the more it nagged him, and the more
he was positive that Jared had never told him anything about his past.
No matter how hard Tenchi tried to push it out of his mind it nagged at him,
normally he wouldn’t have found it strange, but after all the strange things
happening and what had happened with Matthius, he was wary of things he
didn’t know.
“Hey check her out!”  Jared whispered quietly to Tenchi.
Tenchi followed his gaze and his jaw dropped.  It was easily the most
beautiful girl he had ever seen.  She was roughly the same height as Tenchi,
with straight black hair that went down to her shoulders, her eyes shined a
vibrant purple, she was dressed in a red skirt with a white tank top.
Tenchi stopped walking and stared at her.
“Hey?”  Jared elbowed him in the side, “Do you wanna be a little more
obvious?”
Tenchi continued to stare, suddenly one of the girls she was with started
laughing and pointed at Tenchi, the girl Tenchi was staring at turned and
looked straight at him!  Tenchi turned bright red as she smiled at him.
“Oh man!.”  Tenchi moaned quickly turning around, “She saw me!”
“Of course she did.”  Jared said smiling, “You were standing there gawking
at her.”
“Shutup.”  Tenchi muttered, “Come on let’s get out of here before I
embarrass myself even more.”
“I don’t think that’s possible.”  Jared said smiling.
“Huh?”  Tenchi looked up at him, “Why’s that?”
Jared pointed behind him, Tenchi turned around and saw the girl standing
right behind him, his face went bright red and he smiled nervously, “Oh,
man.”  He muttered.
The girl smiled, “Hello there, my name is Tareeka, what’s yours?”
“Uhm, well, uh, me?”  Tenchi stammered out scratching the back of his head.
“Yes you.”  Tareeka smiled.
“His name’s Tenchi.”  Jared said smiling and elbowing Tenchi in the back.
“Uh, yea.”  Was all Tenchi said.
Tareeka smiled, “Well then Tenchi, would you and your friend like to join me
and my friends for a bite to eat?”
“What?”  Tenchi took a step back.
Tareeka laughed, “What’s the matter?  Afraid I might bite?”  She smiled
evilly.
“Well, uh no that’s not it.”  Tenchi stammered, “It’s just that, uh, well.”
Tenchi was tongue tied.
“Sure we’ll be glad to join you.”  Jared said, “My name’s Jared by the way.”
“Pleased to meet you.”  She said shaking his hand, “This is Jamica, and this
is Kimare.”  She said indicating the two girls she was with.  Jamica had
short blond hair and green eyes, she was wearing a pair of jean-shorts and
an orange T-shirt.  Kimare had short red hair with green eyes, she was
wearing a white pair of slacks and a black T-shirt, Jamica and Kimare seemed
to be related.
The group went to the food court and found a table large enough to seat them
all.  Jared, Jamica, and Kimare all went to a noodle stand to get something
to eat.  Tenchi and Tareeka remained at the table.
“So what do you want to eat?”  Tareeka asked him smiling.
“Uhm, well, I’m not really hungry.”  Tenchi said smiling nervously.
Tareeka smiled, “Yea me neither, but this is a good way for us to get to
know each other.  Don’t you think?”
“Uhm…”  Tenchi looked over at Jared, who was happily chatting with the two
girls, “I thought he was shy?”  Tenchi muttered to himself.
“What?”  Tareeka gave him an odd look.
“Oh!  Uh, nothing, nothing.”  Tenchi said chuckling nervously.  “So uhm,
Tareeka, where do you go to school?”
Tareeka and Tenchi spent the next hour and a half talking about various
things, what they liked to do, where they went to school, where they wanted
to go to college, and even what they wanted to do with their life.  Tenchi
didn’t have an answer for the latter, Tareeka though, wanted to be a doctor.
  An orthopedic surgeon was what she actually said.  Tenchi was amazed how
much he had in common with the girl, they both liked to do the same things,
and they were both considering attending the same college.  Well Tareeka was
only planning on attending the college for a year or two until she could get
into the medical school she wanted to get into to.  The two were talking
about a movie that had just came out that they both wanted to see when Jared
walked over to the table.
“Come on Tenchi, time to get going.”
“What?”  Tenchi looked up at him, he hadn’t even realized that Jared and the
other two girls weren’t there, “What time is it?”  He asked.
“Almost five.”  Jared said.
“What?”  Tenchi couldn’t believe that so much time had passed already.
“Sorry, Tareeka, but I gotta get going.”
Tareeka smiled, “That’s okay Tenchi.”  She stood up, “So when do I get to
talk to you next?”
“Huh?”  The question caught Tenchi a little off guard and he stood there
staring at her blankly.
“She wants your phone number.”  Jared whispered in his ear as Tareeka
giggled.
“Oh.”  Tenchi turned red again, he should have guessed that.
Tareeka gave him a pen and he wrote his number down on it for her, she gave
him a napkin with her number.  The two waved and parted.

Jared was talking about Jamica and Kimare on the drive home, “They’re
sisters man.”  He was saying, “They both pretty cute but I think I like
Kimare better.  She seems to be a little more fun, ya know?”
“Yea.”  Tenchi responded, he wasn’t really listening though, how could he
have been so stupid back there?   He hadn’t even known that she wanted his
number, boy he was dumb when it came to girls.  A thought struck him
suddenly, “I thought you were shy Jared?”
“Wha?”  Jared looked at him, the question seemed to have caught him off
guard.
“I thought you were shy.”  Tenchi repeated, “You weren’t very shy with those
two girls.”
“Yea, well, when they come to me I have no problem talking.”  He smiled,
“It’s only when I have to go to them that I’m nervous and shy.”
“Ah.”  Tenchi said looking back out the window.
“You must’ve done pretty good.”  Jared said, “She wanted your phone number.”
“Yea I guess I did do pretty good.”  He smiled, he couldn’t help feeling a
little guilty though, considering Ryoko and Aieka.  He thought of Ryoko
being trapped inside that cave and immediately reprimanded himself for
having such a good time with another girl while she was trapped in that
cave.  He wondered where Aieka was too, and what she was doing.

“Milord we have important news!”  A tall humanoid with long pointy ears
saluted Matthius as he walked by.  The guards’ hair color couldn’t be seen
since he was wearing a helmet.  The guard was dressed in the blue and gray
uniform that all the guards had.
“What is it?”  Matthius said as he walked down the chamber, Matthius was
dressed in black boots, black pants, and a black long sleeve shirt that had
a gold insignia on it and a black cape that had the insignia on the back.
He wasn’t sure what the insignia was exactly, but he figured it was his
insignia as ruler or something.
“Well, princess Sasami has finally awoken from her coma!”
Matthius nodded, he wasn’t surprised to hear it, in fact he was glad.  He
had been a little worried that he would have to take an unconscious body to
Aieka, and that would be rather hard to explain to the guards and to any
advisors he had.  Though as ruler of Jurai he supposed he really didn’t have
to explain himself if he didn’t want to.  “I’m on my way.”  He told the
guard as he continued to walk.
The guard nodded and began talking on his wrist communicator, probably
informing the crew that Matthius was on his way.  Matthius briefly wondered
why he was doing what he was.  Here he was in charge of the most powerful
nation in the universe, and he was simply going to reunite everyone and get
back to the way things were.  He could just as easily remain here and live
this life, none of the others would be able to stop him, and in fact who
said that they even wanted to go back to the way things were?  Maybe they
liked this world and life better, but something told Matthius that he needed
to reunite everyone and get them back to the way things should be.
Matthius walked past two saluting guards into the room Sasami was being held
in.  Sasami was gripping the sheets tightly and nervously looking at all the
guards around her, she was probably remembering what had happened to her
when Jurai was taken over, that and what happened before they were sucked
into the black hole.  Upon seeing Matthius Sasami smiled.
“Leave the room.”  He commanded the guards.  They saluted and left.
Matthius smiled at Sasami, “So how are you feeling?”
“Kind of strange.”  She said, “I can’t feel Tsunamis prescience and I feel
sort of light headed.  And hungry.”  She added as an after thought.
Matthius smiled, “Well you can eat on the ship, and I’ll tell you what’s
going on there too.  We need to go see you’re sister.”
Sasami smiled.  “All right!”

so i dont have alot to say other than a few things.  I've only gotten two
e-mails so far, does that mean only two people are reading these?  well if
you read this at all, just do me a favor and email me with a 1 to 10 rating
of how you like it, uhm i have to wonder why the stories are so unorganized
on the site, not saying its anyones fault, but even when i take the time to
indent everything it still gets posted all funky.  o well nothing i can do
about it.  Well plz email something, i get bored and its nice to have
something to read, uhm thats all for now. if someone sends me a question ill
email a response and type my response on my next ramble that i post.
Remember what your teacher in school always said, "If you have a question
there are probably others that have the same question but are afraid to
ask."  Or something like that. I tend to ignore teachers when im at school.
Okay im done rambling, this is the kind of thing that happens when you do
all your typings at 2 AM.  yes i do all my typing in the wee hours of the
morning, not only is it the only free time i have but i seem to be more
creative when im slap happy. okay i really am done now.
