	Disclaimer: I don't own these characters. This is based off of the Tenchi 
Muyo manga/anime.



	Rocketing through space in a small one manned vessel, a man ponders about 
his past and what may lie ahead. Ibara was a tall strong man who looks a lot 
like an older version of Tenchi. He has black hair that goes down to the small 
of his back, but spiky at the top. He wears a black and white Jurai battle 
outfit and he caries a large stick with him constantly. His small ship is hardly 
powerful enough to take him all the way to his destination. He'll have to land 
on a populated planet and acquire a new mode of transportation. He would have to 
sell his ship then hope that the money would be enough to buy his way aboard 
another larger craft.

" That looks promising." Ibara said referring to a planet western to were he 
was.

  He typed in the commands to begin the landing process. The planet was largely 
populated and there was much air traffic. It was an ideal spot to find a new 
ride. Soon after he had docked he was greeted by a small stubby man asking for 
money to pay the docking fee. 

Ibara: " I'm sorry but I have little money and I can't pay the fee."

Man: "WHAT! You can't pay! Then turn around and get back in that ship and..."

Ibara: " wait! Can't we make a deal? I'm looking to sell my ship anyway. You 
could buy it and subtract the cost of the docking fee from the price."

Man: " it's an antique! If I were to buy it, the amount of money it's worth 
would be the same as the fee."  

Ibara: " alright then, the ships yours. But before I go, tell me were I can find 
a way to make enough money to get a ride to jurai."

Man: " whoa there cowboy slow down. I never said I would take the ship! But for 
you I'll do it for a little extra."

Ibara: " I have no more money."

Man: " oh right...Okay fine I'll keep the ship in exchange for the fee."

Ibara: " and my questions?"

Man: " oh yeah, right well. There are ships going to and from jurai from a port 
near by so I suppose you could hitch a ride on one of the export ships."

Ibara: " thank you." And he turned and left.

 	It was clear to him that that man was trying to rip him off, but Ibara 
didn't care. He no longer needed the ship and he would make do with what he had. 
The nearby spaceports were the export/import ships were supposed to be were 
empty. The next shipment from Jurai wouldn't come until tomorrow.

Ibara: "I'll have to find a place to stay the night."

	He moved from place to place but no hotel would take him. He needed cash 
but had none. As he was walking he came across a brightly lit street with crowds 
all around the sides. Signs blocked off the roads with alien writing on them. 
When he looked closer he saw that the crowds were mostly men. And in the center 
of the street was a large burly man with a serpent Tattoo on his chest fighting 
with a smaller man in a plain pair of pants. The larger man quickly over powered 
the smaller man and defeated him. When the fight was over every one began paying 
a short man with a suit. Then that man paid the larger man. It was then that he 
realized what he was watching. It was a street fight. Ibara approached the small 
man and asked him what he would get if he beat the large man with the snake 
tattoo.

Short man: " $500 credits if you win. But I wouldn't do it if I were you. Old 
Joxer here has never lost."

Ibara: " well you are not me. And there is a first for everything. I challenge 
Joxer."

Short man: " okay your funeral. Hear that! Everybody gather around we have a new 
challenger! Place your bets!"

Joxer: " your mine little man."

Ibara: " we'll see soon enough."

	Ibarra was confident he could beat this man with ease. Ibara was trained 
in many forms of combat and excelled at them all. As long as he was well and had 
his Bo.

Short man: " hey buddy no weapons! You'll have to give the stick to me." 

	This will be more difficult than he thought. 

Ibara: "very well." He gave his Bo to the man and the fight began.

	Joxer immediately charged at him trying to tackle him to the ground. But 
before he could Ibara nimbly flipped over the top of his head, and landed behind 
him. Then Joxer quickly turned and tried to backhand Ibara. Ibara ducked it and 
gave him an uppercut to the jaw. Joxer stumbled back surprised at his speed and 
strength. When he looked next Ibara was gone. He heard a loud cry from above him 
and looked up to see Ibara coming down on top of him with his hands clasped 
together. Ibara pounded down on Joxer's head knocking him unconscious! 

Ibara: " there I have won."

Short man: " AH! No way! That's insane!"

Ibara: " I won. Give me my winnings."

Short man: " yeah sure man here's the 500 and here's your stick back."

	Ibara took the money and his Bo and returned to one of the hotels he 
visited earlier. He paid for one night and went to his room and fell asleep. The 
next morning he got up and made his way to the space docks. The ship that would 
take him to jurai would be waiting for him.    

	When he got there he was surprised to see the juraian ship because it 
greatly stood out over the others. It's wooden exterior differentiated it from 
the entire port. He knew it right away. Even though he himself had never 
actually seen a juraian ship he knew it instinctively. When he approached the 
ship the ships crew instantly recognized his clothes as a juraian warrior's. He 
convinced them to allow him to stay on the ship as far as jurai. 



 Authors note - That's the end of this chapter; stay tuned even if you don't 
like it so far it's going to get better later on. Also if you have no idea who 
Ibara is that's understandable cause' he only showed up in the 9th volume of the 
manga not in the anime. But he's really cool! Trust me on this. Also this is 
really a fic just about him but Tenchi and the gang will come into play later 
on. Feedback is appreciated.   	
