	Disclaimer: I do not own these characters.



	Ibara had boarded the juraian transport ship and was on his way to jurai. 
It was odd, he had expected to have to pay his way onboard but instead he was 
welcomed on without any problems at all. When he met the crew of the ship they 
treated him with utmost respect. Apparently his outfit was considered to be of a 
high-ranking warrior, easily recognizable by any juraian. Ibara was indeed a 
juraian warrior but he had never actually been to jurai and was not apart of 
their military, as the ships crew had thought. He decided it would be best if he 
allowed them to continue to believe that, to not complicate things. Soon after 
they had departed, the ship's captain had asked to speak with him.
The captain was curious as to how I had gotten stranded on that previous planet, 
and to why I was alone and not with any other soldiers.

	Ibara: " I'm afraid I can't tell you. My origins are a secret to even the 
highest ranking officials on jurai."

	Captain: " oh really, so your on a secret mission then?"

  	Ibara: " returning from one actually. I would prefer if you were to not 
ask any more questions. I do not mean to be rude, you've been more than 
hospitable, but I can't disclose any more information."

	Captain: " I understand, of course. I have a sixth sense about people you 
know. I can tell that you're telling the truth. You have my word that I will get 
you to jurai."

	Ibara: " thank you. You are a good man." And with that he turned and left.

	It was refreshing to be around other juraians. The nameless planet was a 
lonely place and he enjoyed the change. A member of the crew had shown me to a 
room for me to stay in until we reached jurai. It was a humble room to say the 
least but I was grateful. 

	The ship was an export/import ship carrying produce and supplies to and 
from jurai. I had heard from another shipmate that today's shipment was 
different however. That instead of the usual supplies, the ship was carrying 
large amounts of money that the previous planet had owed jurai over time. The 
ship was on full security alert. Apparently that's why they were so eager to 
have me aboard. They figured I would be extra protection from any would be 
attackers. I would defend the ship if it was attacked but I would hope that 
things go smoothly instead. Of course that was asking too much.

	We had gotten about halfway to jurai when we were attacked by another 
ship. Whoever was piloting the ship was very capable and bold. It was a juraian 
ship that they were attacking after all. The ship new exactly were to fire, it 
hit the starboard engines and forced us to stop, then it made its way close 
enough to the ship that it could board us. A few of the ships security officers 
and I had made it to the boarding point before the hull had been breached. We 
were expecting to see a group of mercenaries or pirates but what we actually saw 
was something else entirely.

	" Ryoko"

	The ship's officers charged at the silver haired woman and fought with 
her, I on the other hand was stunned in disbelief. It was her. She was here. 
Right there in front of me, fighting with the guards. I couldn't believe it. It 
wasn't long before she had defeated the soldiers and was making her way towards 
me. Was this a dream? Why doesn't she recognize me? 

	Ibara: " Ryoko! What's going on?" I yelled at her in confusion, only to 
get a confused response.

		" Ryoko??  Hold it I'm not Ryoko, my names Minagi! And how do you 
know Ryoko anyway?"

	Ibara: " Minagi? Who are you? You look so much like Ryoko. I could 
swear..." 

	Minagi: " who am I! Who are you? How do you know Ryoko?" 

	
	Just about then more soldiers came into the room and prepared to fight. I 
was not sure what was going on but I had to find out who this person was and 
what her connection was to Ryoko. However she was here to rob the ship and I 
could not allow her to do that. Not after the hospitality I had been shown.

	Ibara: " whoever you are, I can't allow you to rob this ship!"

	Minagi: " your welcome to try and stop me!"

	I couldn't believe how much she was like Ryoko, she talked just like her, 
and she fought the same too. We both charged fiercely and connected our 
individual weapons with a clatter. Her sword was formidable; it stood up to my 
Bo with a strong force. It was a different sword however, from Ryoko's. It was 
proof that this woman was indeed not Ryoko. We parried each other blow after 
blow and neither one of us seemed to gain the upper hand. If there was more room 
I would use stronger energy attacks but because of the ship I couldn't risk it, 
she however did not feel the same way. She recognized my potential threat to her 
and did not hesitate to use a powerful attack on me. She focused for a moment 
then swung her blade and launched a stream of energy towards me screaming the 
words:  

 "Deadly Shock!"  

	I had to put up a powerful shield to stop such a strike but I could not! 
So instead I countered it with a strong attack of my own. I charged my weapon 
then brought it close to me, the tips of my Bo opened and I was soon covered in 
a sphere or energy! Then I released it all at once towards her blast! A loud 
crash sounded, like thunder it cracked and filled the room. We were both thrown 
back to opposite sides of the room and continued our battle like two warriors 
fighting for the very worlds we lived on. It was as if the explosion was a cue 
for our real fight to begin. With every blow we each became more and more caught 
up in it. We grew more intense as it raged on and soon we were both struggling 
to keep our breath. We charged again and again! Soon we both started to lose 
control! I would hit her then she would turn and hit me with an attack just as 
strong! We became ferocious like beasts fighting with a primal fury that was 
branded into our instincts from past wars. Our fight had turned into a bloody 
bout with no end. I lost myself in the heat of battle. I was no longer moving 
with a calculated technique but with instinctual grace that was as alien to me 
as the planets around us. I could see she was the same, no longer thinking, just 
acting. I was locked into her eyes, and she was to mine. As similar to Ryoko as 
she was I could see into her eyes and I saw Minagi and no one else. We countered 
each other's attacks and grew closer and closer until our faces were inches 
apart, our weapons pressing against the other with massive determination! A 
single slip and the battle would be over! We growled at each other like animals 
looking at each other face to face. And then I kissed her. 

	Suddenly we both stopped, Minagi stepped back with a stunned look on her 
face. She brought her hand to her lip and looked at it, and then she looked at 
me with eyes that showed to me her very soul. I felt like I had done something 
stupid and yet I didn't regret it at all. She took a few more steppes back, 
closed her eyes, smiled, and then she was gone. The opening of the hull closed 
and I could see her ship fly off through a window. I didn't want her to go. I 
felt I should have said something, done something, but I didn't want her go. It 
was too late though and she was gone, but inside I knew it wouldn't be for long. 

	            - That's the end of chapter two, look out for chapter three 
coming soon.-

	    
