Disclaimer: I don't own these characters.

	Author's note: due to the fact that there are about three people reading this thing 
tops. I have decided to cut through any filler in this story and get right down it. This will be 
the last UTTOI story I write and I don't think any body will miss it. I liked this character, but 
I guess I'm not all that great a writer and that no one reads the manga. That's a lethal 
combination. So this is it, no more after this. Oh well, Let's hope I can at least go out with a 
bang. On the bright side though I'm finally writing a long one!    


	After the run in with Minagi, the cargo ship that I was traveling on finally made it to 
jurai. Our reception was grand. The juraian government was glad to have the ship arrive 
safely. After all, it was filled with credits owed to them, from years of neglected pay. We 
docked and every one began to leave the ship. When I made it off I was unsure of what I 
should do, for this planet was all new to me. All around us there was massive buildings and 
fresh vegetation everywhere. There was an overwhelming amount of people all over, 
scurrying about; doing whatever it was that they did. I stepped back and watched as some 
of the ships crew were reunited with their wives and children or greeted by friends and 
family alike. It filled me with a strange sense of envy but at the same time I was happy. 
Happy for them, happy that they had the love and friendship that so many lived without. 
Eventually I too was greeted. A small squadron of guards asked me to follow them 
to their commander. I was led through a large palace like building; it was filled with long 
corridors that seemed to meander forever. We finally reached the office of their leader. It 
was the chamber of Jurai's Second Military chief of personnel. 
Apparently the ship's captain spoke to the chief about me, and it raised some concern. The 
chief was dressed in a blue uniform with juraian robes draped about him. 

	" So you're the one I was told about? The one that fought off the space pirate?"

Ibara: " Yes I am." 

The man stared at me intensely, looking me over and eyeing my clothes. I assumed he was 
looking at my outfit, to see if it was an authentic juraian uniform. A few seconds passed, and 
he spoke up again.
          
	" You say your name is Ibara? I've never heard of you. The ships captain said that 
you were returning from a secret mission. I'm in charge of any mission like that and I don't 
have the slightest clue as to who you are!"

	I tried explaining to him my origin. I told him of the nameless planet and the treasure 
that it held. With every word I spoke his expression got more and more grim. I don't think 
he believed me.

	"You know, it's a serious crime to impersonate a soldier of juarai. Just by what you 
just said, I could lock you up from now until the end of time!"

Ibara: " please, let me speak to the king, I'm sure he would know."

	"You ain't talking to no one but me, you're crazy if you think you'll get any where 
near the king! In fact if it weren't for the fact that you saved that cargo ship, I wouldn't have 
even bothered speaking with you. But now I've heard enough, chances are you were in 
cahoots with that pirate! Yeah, I seem to remember some one telling me that you kissed her 
before she fled!"

Ibara: " please you don't understand!"

	" Oh, I understand just fine. Guards! Take this man to a holding cell until I decide 
what to do with him."    
  
Ibara: " wait your wrong I'm not an impersonator!" 
 
Guard: " save it pal. The council will decide what you really are!"

	With that the guards led me to a detention center. I could have fought my way free 
but under the circumstances it probably wouldn't reflect well on me. I was placed in a dark 
cell; that smelt of rot and decay. Apparently I was guilty of a serious offence. What 
concerned me more was the fact that I had no way of proving my innocence. The nameless 
tree was kept secret from everyone, even the king. So it didn't matter who I talked to I had 
no alibi. If only the princess Ayeka were here on jurai, then maybe I would have a chance. 
Without her speaking on my behalf, or without the tree Tsunami I had no way out of here. I 
guess I won't be joining the juraian army after all. 
About a day passed before I heard anything. I overheard some guards talking in the 
corridor not to far from my cell. They mentioned something about me being an assassin sent 
to kill king Azusa, that me stopping Minagi was an attempt to lure the military into a false 
sense of security. On top of all that I was still being persecuted for impersonating an officer 
of Jurai. I also heard the words "capital punishment". Things did not look good. I couldn't 
believe how bad things were. How did this happen? Something's not right, I understand that 
royal security can't be too careful but this is just wrong! I even heard that they already had a 
trial. I wasn't even there! This was just too strange.
The chief of military personnel came to visit me. He walked in wearing a cocky grin, 
and a blue army style outfit. He strode up to my cell and stood in front of the window into 
my room.  

	" And how are we today?" he said smugly. "I'm sure by now our loose lipped 
guards have told you the basics of your situation."

Ibara: " More or less. I wasn't even present at my own trial! How can you really believe 
that I'm an assassin!"

	" How can I not? Listen buddy, don't try any of that " but I'm innocent" bullshit! 
I've heard it all. You think you're so clever, until you get caught. You have a week to live. 
Your execution is in seven days. I suggest you spend that time repenting or something like 
that."

Ibara: " You can't be serious! I'm innocent! Give me a chance!"

       " Well, it's been nice talking to you, I'd love to stay and chat, but I have more pressing 
matters to tend to. Have a nice day!" he said as he was walking away, you could tell he just 
wanted to burst out laughing.
Why was this happening? I may not have been raised here, but I was taught enough 
about justice to know that something was up. Before he left I got a look at his dog collar, it 
said his name was " Thaddeus R".
Actually if I had a name like that, I might be mean to people too. Seven days huh? Well 
things really can't get much worse, and I certainly don't plan on dieing for a crime that I'm 
innocent of, so I guess it's time to make a break for it.
Nightfall came and soon it was dark all over. There were about ten guards in my 
wing of the prison, who knows how many more there was in the rest of the building. If I was 
going to do this it wasn't going to be easy. I didn't have my Bo with me so I couldn't just 
break my way through this. I had to be smart, trick one of the guards to open my door. I 
had to get out and far away before they even know I'm gone. Did I say this wouldn't be 
easy, more like impossible.

Ibara: " Psst! Hey! Guard!"

	" Yeah what is it?'

	When he came up to my cell, I hid to the side of the door, so he couldn't see me. 
There's no way this is going to work. No one is stupid enough to fall for this trick.

	" What the hell! Where are you?" the guard panicked and opened the door and 
stuck his head in.

Ibara: "Sorry I have to do this, but if you're stupid enough to fall for this you deserve to be 
knocked out."

 	I whacked him on his head and he was out like a light. Man, you think for me being 
an assassin I would get brighter guards who could take a punch, guess not. My next job 
was to sneak out of the prison. I spent the earlier portion of my day memorizing the patrol 
routes of the guards. If I played it just right I could slip to the front of the prison without 
tipping any of them off. The prison was riddled with juraian tree motion detectors; it wasn't 
a problem though, since I was so attuned to the jurain trees. I wouldn't set any of them off, 
as long as I was cautious. I finally reached the front. So far I was able to avoid the guards 
and any surveillance cameras, but the front entrance had so many guards and cameras I 
wasn't sure what to do. I thought for a moment and then I got an idea! Because I was so 
close to the trees, I might be able to get them to move their vines and cover the cameras. It 
was a long shot but it was the only chance I had. I focused for a few seconds, and the trees 
did as I told them.

	"Thank you my friends, and thank you nameless tree, it was your guidance that led 
me." I whispered under my breath.       
   
	Now to distract the guards, I had to move fast. The people who are watching the 
cameras should be showing up in a few minutes. I used my influence over the trees one last 
time. I made one single branch reach out and pick up one of the guards by his leg. As he 
yelled the other guards rushed to his side, leaving an open path to the exit. I slipped past 
them and out the door. I was free.  
	Where to now? I had to find out what was going on. Someone wants me out of the 
picture I know it. It's the only explanation I have for what's happened. And I know exactly 
who to press for answers, a certain Thaddeus R. 
	I made my way to the dock area where I first landed on jurai. From there I could 
remember how to get to Thaddeus' offices. Well that was the plan anyway, but apparently I 
didn't have to. I noticed a pair of figures standing under a streetlight. Or something similar to 
a street light anyway. After closer inspection I discovered one of the figures was Thaddeus 
himself. He was talking to another man. This one was covered in a black robe and hood. I 
got a little closer and hid behind some crates so I could hear them. 

Thaddeus: "I did exactly what you said, Ibarra won't ever be a problem for you, he's 
scheduled to be put to death in a matter of days."

	"Good, my employer will be pleased. Just make sure you see it through. We can't 
afford any screw-ups. If Ibara lives, all our plans will be put into peril." The man in black 
said.

Thaddeus: " Whatever. I'll do what I gotta. Just make sure I get paid as promised."

	    " Your reward will be on you desk tomorrow in a silver briefcase. I assume you 
remember our codeword? That will be the password to open the briefcase."

Thaddeus: "Yeah, Yeah! I remember. It was "oblivion" right?"

	"Yes it was, don't forget it."

	I was stunned; Thaddeus was being paid off to get rid of me! Who could be doing 
this? Why did they want me dead? They might be after the nameless tree, but they must 
know that it passed away if I'm not protecting it! 
	The man in black turned, left and boarded a large ship. Thaddeus left as well. If I 
was going to get to the bottom of this I had to make a choice. I decided to fallow the man in 
black, Thaddeus will get his sooner or later but I had to find out just who it was that wanted 
me dead! I got onto the ship and made sure I wasn't seen. I found the man again; he was 
talking on a small communicator. 

	"Yes sir, I'm on my way back now. Ibara won't be a problem, sir."

	"Good. And what of the commander?" the voice on the other end said.
   
	" Thaddeus won't be trouble either sir, when he opens that briefcase he'll be blown 
sky high."

	"Excellent! Then return hear at once Scrier, I will need you by my side when we 
begin the first phase of my plan." He then ended the transmission.

Ibara: " Scrier, so that's his name." I thought to myself. " I guess that's why Thaddeus' 
codeword was oblivion, I almost feel sorry for the guy."

	 Scrier then went into a cabin and closed the door. The ship just then started up. It 
was full of passengers; I guess it was some kind of public transportation. I hid myself in a 
broom closet. I was fugitive after all. I could feel the ship taking off. I eventually got myself 
comfortable between a bucket and a sandbag. It's been awhile since I've had a nice place 
to sleep but I didn't have much choice. I dozed off. 
	I was awakened by a robot janitor in dire need of a bucket. I sprang onto my feet 
and darted into the hallway. We had landed and most people were getting off the transport. 
I franticly searched for Scrier but I couldn't find him. I assumed he had gotten off, so I 
disembarked also. This time I was greeted by a more majestic vision. We were still on jurai 
I thought but pretty far away from the place we were before. Believe it or not but we were 
dropped of right in front of the royal palace of jurai! I guess the ship stopped there because 
it was a nice tourist spot.     
	I suddenly spotted Scrier; he was simply walking right into the palace. There wasn't 
a single guard or sentry anywhere. I then remembered hearing something about the king not 
needing guards because two super powerful knights protected him. Well, I don't know 
about that but I do know I wasn't going to let this guy get away from me so soon. So I ran 
after him, right into the royal palace of jurai! 

	I followed him all the way to the top. I was about to head further until I almost 
tripped over a discarded body. It was the remains of one of those "super powerful knights". 
He was beaten to death. Whoever did this was bad news. 

Ibara: " you fell with honor, your king would be proud brave warrior. " I then noticed his 
fallen staff. " I will pick up your battle where you left off comrade. Whoever is behind this 
will pay, I swear."   

	I ran to the end of the corridor and saw two massive doors. I was hesitant to enter 
until...

	AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!    
AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

	I heard two screams, and then the sound of a fight going on inside. I knew they 
needed my help. I threw open the doors and dashed in. Inside there were five people. The 
king Azusa and his two wives; Masaki and Funaho were across the room from two men. 
One I recognized as Scrier the other I didn't know. Apperantly they didn't notice me.

	" Azusa! Your time has come! I'll take orders from you no more!"

I knew that voice.

	" You are a fool to betray me knight! All the power of jurai is at my whim!"

 	"Oh I'm counting on it!" the knight said.
	
	I abruptly noticed that queen Masaki was wounded, it must have been the cause of 
the screams I heard. 
I quickly ran to her side to give aid.

Masaki: " Who are you? Are you with him." she sounded so frightened.

Funaho: " I will not allow you to hurt her!" Funaho jumped between the two of us.

Ibara: " No, my name is Ibara! I'm on your side, you have to trust me." 

	It only took a moment for Funaho to see the resemblance. She looked into my 
brown eyes, and saw not an enemy, but a friend. She saw Tenchi. 

Funaho: " I do trust you, and Thank you." 

	I cared for Masaki's injury with the help of Funaho. As we did this, the king's battle 
continued. Azusa stood tall as the knight prepared to attack again. Azusa breathed in, and 
was engulfed by a massive light, and before him appeared the Light Hawk Wings of Jurai! 
He was the King. I could feel his power from the other side of the room. But what 
happened next I never could have guessed.

Azusa: " You don't have a chance! Stand down Traitor! You can't beat my light hawk 
wings!"

	" You're absolutely right. I can't beat them, so instead I'll just take them! GO 
NOW SCRIER!"

	Scrier appeared behind King Azusa, and put his arms on the king's shoulders. In 
response purple lightning surrounded them both and their screams could barely be heard 
over the cracking of the colored electricity! When the Thunder finally died. The light hawk 
wings were gone, and the king was powerless. 

	" Ha, Ha! You see Azusa my little brother Scrier here has incredible powers! He 
has all sorts of talents. 
One of those gifts is that he can absorb the powers of someone just by touching them! He 
can't actually USE those powers once he gets them, but he can transfer them into his dear 
old brother! Isn't that right Scrier?" 

Scrier: " For any one who isn't blood related to me I take power, for my blood relatives it's 
the opposite." 

Azusa; " Damn you both! Damn you to all eight hells!"

	" Well, save a spot for us, cause you'll be there first! HA!" the traitorous knight 
prepared to deliver the killing blow, he raised his massive sword over the kings head, and 
swung downward! 
                                          CLANG!
 Just before it was too late I jumped beneath the sword and deflected the blade with my 
staff. 

	" Who the hell are you?"

Ibara: " My name is Ibara."

	"You!" he jumped back. " Scrier! Quickly! Give me the king's power!" 

	Scrier ran to him and placed his hands on his brother's chest. The purple voltage 
arrived again. When it was over you could see his powerful aurora. 

" Too late Ibara, the power is mine! Not even you can stop me now!"

   Ibara: " I don't understand why I'm such a threat to you, who are you! Why am I so 
Special?" 

	" I am the strongest Knight of all! My name is Duragon! You ask why you are 
special, you see, another of my brothers powers is that he has visions of the future. He 
envisioned my victory over the king, he also saw how you, Ibara the guardian of the 
nameless tree, would defeat me by taking the kings power back! I won't give it up that 
easy!" 

	He turned and with a gesture of his hand he fired a blast of power and incinerated 
his own brother!

	"Ha! My brother said you would use his power to defeat me! That can't happen if 
he's dead! You are nothing to me Ibara!"

Funaho: " How could you kill your own brother!"   

Azusa: " You are a traitor to everyone you meet. Even to yourself, you can't possibly hope 
to control my power!"

	" I'm controlling it just fine thank you. And now I'm going to kill all of you and I will 
be the most powerful man in the universe!"

Ibara; " I can't let that happen!"

	I charged at him with every reserve I had at my disposal, I released a barrage of 
attacks onto him. None of them did a spec of damage. I was exhausted in a matter a 
minutes. I put all I had into him and got nothing. He stood there, unmoved, with a sideways 
smile. He then breathed in, and out came the Light Hawk Wings! I didn't have a chance, 
how could I match the power of the king of jurai? 

	" Believe in yourself Ibara. The hope of the universe rest on your shoulders."

Ibara: " who said that? Who's there?"

	" It is I Ibara, I am the one with no name but you know me well. It's me friend it's 
me."

Ibara: " the tree, the nameless tree. But it I thought you had died."

	" I live on inside you, as a fond memory, as a piece of your soul. You must do this 
Ibara. The power of the Scrier was not different from mine. I shared his gift, and now inside 
you it rests as well. Do you understand?"      

Ibara: " I understand."

	Ibara closed his eyes, and lowered his head. Duragon read this as surrender and 
prepared to destroy him. When Duragon got close he raised his arms and prepared to use 
the light hawk wings. Ibara's body exploded in a brilliant light! He rose into the air and from 
his arms crackled a soft glow of illumination! Ibara grasped Duragon's head and more light 
shone! All sound was diminished by the blinding vacuum that was Ibara and Duragon! The 
light finally subsided and the evil knight fell to the ground. Ibara stood strong above the 
knight's body. He walked to Azusa, and touched his hand, and in a flash the king's power 
was restored to him. 

	Azusa: " Thank you, Ibara all of Jurai is indebted to you." 

	"Yes, we are forever grateful" Masaki was standing again, to greet him. " You are a 
hero!"

	" I am no hero, I'm a guardian. To guard the power of jurai and the nameless tree 
has always been my destiny. It was my fate to be here today it was my fate to stop 
Duragon, and it is my fate to lay down my staff and rest the final rest."

	Azusa: " what, what do you mean!"

	" I mean, I used all my power. I mean I..I....I'm going to d..."

	With those words Ibara fell. He gave all he had to stop evil from getting the greatest 
power in the universe. He gave everything for justice. He gave his life to be a guardian. It 
was his destiny. It was his fate.
Ibara died there that day, on the floor of the palace of jurai in the royal throne room. His 
death will not be forgotten and his legend, the legend of the guardian of the nameless tree 
who single handedly saved the life of the king and all of jurai, will live on.

                                                                                THE END    
  

  
  

