Disclaimer: I don't own these characters. This is based off of the Tenchi Muyo 
manga/ anime.




	It has been a couple of days now. Since they left, since she left. We had 
joined together to defeat a pirate that tried to kill princess Ayeka. It was 
then that I saw what Lord Tenchi meant to her. It was then that I knew that I 
would never have her. It was then that Ryoko discovered it was Tenchi she loved 
and not I. That day I will not forget, that day I lost two loved ones; Ryoko and 
the nameless tree. With the tree gone, I was left without a purpose, without a 
reason for being. For I am Ibara! The Guardian of The Nameless Tree.

	For years my clan has lived here on this nameless planet with the sole 
purpose of protecting the tree. We have been here since the dawn of the Jurai 
Empire, sent to keep the world from discovering the tree that could see the 
future. Now the tree has passed away leaving me to live my life free of that 
burden of looking over it. But to me it wasn't a burden; I considered the tree a 
dear friend. But now what? What do I do now?

	I guess I'll go to Jurai. I am a Juraian warrior, I'm sure they could find 
a place for me. But is that really what I want? To become another faceless 
soldier in the ranks of Jurai's army? No! I was meant for greater things. My 
destiny lies elsewhere. But for now Jurai will do. I will go there and perhaps I 
will find new meaning in my purpose.

	Although my clan had no need for it, they always kept a small ship that 
could take us off the planet if we so chose. I never imagined that I would be 
the one to finally use it. Not far from were the nameless tree once stood there 
is a small cave and inside of that there is a bunker. That's were the ship was 
hidden. I am the last of my lineage; my clan has long since dwindled down to 
one. I am the only survivor of this planet, and if I leave now it will be for 
good. So be it. The nameless tree once told me that after it was gone that it 
wantedd me to go on with my life. so that's what I'm going to do. Goodbye my 
friend, Goodbye.

 And so my journey has begun...

                                                                                                                  
THE 
END

- To be continued in my next chapter.-


