Vacation Days
Chapter 3


A Tenchi Muyo! Fic
This uses the OVA continuity.

Any and all C+C craved for. You can contact me at
sommer@3rdm.net

Standard Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Tenchi Muyo! materials

All of my stuff is now stored at:
http://angcobra.jumpfun.com/dbsommer.html

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

A drowsiness stole over Tenchi as the soft vibrations from Yokonojo's
engines began lulling him to sleep. It was an unusual sensation for him.
Generally, whenever he went into space, there was some matter of importance
on hand that prevented him from doing anything other than concentrating on
whatever danger had presented itself. From Kagato to Dr. Clay, always there
had been some situation that cried out, 'If you get caught napping, Tenchi,
some outer space bad guy is going to blow you into your molecular
components and then see if you're going to get that book report in on
time.' One would have thought he would develop a phobia about space travel
with that sort of thing happening to him so often.

However, this time was going to be different; he could feel it in his
bones. All he was doing was traveling to another planet to enjoy a quiet
seaside vacation. Like going to Okinawa, except for the three-headed aliens
that would be there too. True, Ryoko and Aeka could still catch up and
cause some sort of problem that would end up giving him a headache, but at
least for now, all was at peace and he could relax and enjoy the ride.
Perhaps he could even fall asleep, just like Mihoshi was doing. She looked
so peaceful, dozing at the control console, a tiny line of drool pooling
beneath her...

Mihoshi was asleep at the controls?

"Wake up, Mihoshi." Tenchi shook her by the shoulder, eliciting a groan
from the girl as her eyes opened by only the tiniest fraction.

"Whaa?" was the most coherent thought she could muster after having been
awakened so.

Hoping she would be awake enough to understand the question, he asked,
"Who's flying the ship?"

"Autopilot." Mihoshi waved towards the far side of the console and began
snoring again.

Tenchi looked at the strewn mess of garbage that sat on top of the console.
He removed used napkins, empty coffee cups, candy bar wrappers, and even a
pair of thin red silk panties (while somehow keeping the image of Mihoshi
in them out of his head) around so that he could actually look at the
ship's board. It was easy to locate the autopilot control. It was the one
with the flashing 'System Malfunction' light right above it.

Again Tenchi shook Mihoshi, getting the same results. "There's a light that
says the system's malfunctioning."

"That's because it broke down a couple of days ago and I didn't get a
chance to fix it," she explained sleepily.

"So in other words, we're flying aimlessly though space."

"Yep." Mihoshi thought about that for a minute. "Oops." She sat up,
blushing slightly at the error, and grabbed the controls.

After a few moments of Tenchi scowling at her, she tried reassuring him by
saying, "Well, we really weren't in any danger. One thing you have to
remember is that matter is actually the exception in deep space. Most of
the universe is nothing more than vast emptiness, and the odds of traveling
in one direction, like we're doing, and running into something are very
poor. I'd say it would only be about-"

"One hundred percent!" Tenchi shouted as he pointed at the viewscreen.

Mihoshi let out an exasperated sigh. "No. That's not it at all. Didn't you
hear what I was saying? Matter is the exception, not the rule. It would be
AHH!" Mihoshi at last looked to the viewscreen Tenchi was pointing at.
Where there should have been the vast emptiness of space, there was,
instead, the picture of large moon taking up the entire screen and growing
bigger by the second. Impact craters from thousands of asteroid impacts
dotted its surface and at the rate the ship was speeding towards it, one
more was about to be added.

Mihoshi continued to scream as she jerked hard on the controls and
increased the thrust of the engines, powering out of the moon's gravity at
the last second. Even with the evasive maneuver, the ship skimmed the
surface of the terrestrial satellite at no more than fifty feet above it.
It was only as the image of the moon drifted off in the distance that
Mihoshi let out a sigh of relief.

"Wow! There's nothing like a near-death collision to get the blood flowing,
is there, Tenchi?"

Upside down in his seat, feet sticking up in the air, Tenchi could only
moan in agreement and began to question his judgment in agreeing to
traveling with Mihoshi after all.


"You do realize they could be anywhere in the universe?" Ryoko said as she
guided Ryo-Ohki into deep space. Their search of the majority of Earth's
beaches had turned up nothing. It was not as though they had to actually
search each individual on the various beaches, that would have taken them
years, rather, they searched for the much more obvious sign that would be
easy to spot in the air: Mihoshi's crashed spaceship.

"I doubt Mihoshi is particularly imaginative," Aeka said, her voice trying
to project confidence while her true feelings of concern were obvious with
the wringing she was doing with her hands. "They probably went someplace
well known, like YuriKei 4, or Aqua Regia."

Ryoko placed her hand to her chin in thought. "Maybe not."

"What do you mean?"

"Well," Ryoko said slowly, "if you or me had a shot at spending some time
with Tenchi alone, would we go somewhere it was crowded, or would we take
him to a nice secluded spot where we'd have a little privacy so we could
get him to know him more intimately?"

Aeka blushed slightly at the idea of her and Tenchi being alone on a beach,
opening their hearts to one another without anyone, especially Ryoko,
Washuu, Sasami, or (that insufferable conniver) Mihoshi, interrupting them.

Ryoko watched the blush rise to Aeka's cheeks. "Now do you get it?"

"But where would we start?" Aeka asked, more intent than ever to find
Tenchi in order to protect him from Mihoshi and not from any plots she had
developed on her own.

Really.

"We'll hit some of the more secluded spots near the Earth's sector and work
our way out from there. If that doesn't pan out, we'll try some of the more
popular resorts like you thought at first." Ryoko began going over
Ryo-Ohki's impressive collection of star charts.

Aeka looked out into space again. She fell to one knee, envisioning
Tenchi's face in the star field. "Fear not, Lord Tenchi. I swear by the
royal blood that runs through my veins that I will protect you from
whatever trouble Mihoshi will get you in. If I should fail, may I die in
the most horrible and painful way possible, for my love is so great I could
never live without you."

A well thrown metal skillet connected with the back of Aeka's head.

"Knock it off with all that melodramatic crap!" Ryoko warned. "If it gets
any worse, I'm going to barf."

Aeka's face began twitching. "How dare you assault my august personage when
I am aiding you in our mutual quest for Tenchi! If Ryu-oh was still
functional, I would have left you behind and gone to rescue Tenchi myself.
It's not as though you could handle matters this important on your own."

Ryoko's face began twitching in response. "Look, you. We haven't been
searching for Tenchi for even a day and you're already asking to get
spaced. So you'd better accept that fact that I'm going to be leader of
this expedition, or you'll find yourself dropped off on some backwater
world where there won't be nothing but trees to talk to, and I don't mean
the Juraian kind. Got it, Princess?"

Aeka began glowing brightly. "Oh, I 'get it' all right. Allow me to show
you the manner of my acquiescence to these asinine demands."

They say in space, no one can hear you scream. However, space-traveling
cabbits have mastered the technique of 'Miya'ing quite audibly in protest
to fights that go on in the bowels of their starships forms, as Ryo-Ohki
was currently doing as the first day of the 'Aeka and Ryoko Save Tenchi
From Mihoshi' expedition began.


Tenchi was surprised to discover that he had calmed down fairly quickly
from what was yet another near-death experience for him. The calming had
happened so fast, that he began to wonder if he had simply become used to
the whole thing. A year ago, nearly getting run over by a car had been
enough to unnerve him for nearly a week. Now, almost slamming into a small
planetoid at several hundred thousand miles per hour was only worth
fretting about for five minutes. He was either becoming more courageous or
more stupid.

His stomach grumbled in agreement, though for which idea he wasn't certain.
"I'm sort of hungry," he told Mihoshi.

"Sure. I can get some food for..."

Tenchi looked at her curiously, wondering why she had trailed off like
that. Mihoshi stood straight up and gave a little squeal of terror.

"What is it?" Tenchi asked in concern.

Mihoshi said, "There were a couple or prisoners on the ship. I haven't had
a chance to take them to the nearest Galaxy Police headquarters yet, on
account of how low my batteries were. And then, while I had to wait a long
time for the batteries to charge up, I got the call from my superiors that
ordered me to go on vacation."

"You mean-" Tenchi began.

"-I completely forgot they were here and didn't feed them. Do you think you
could go down to the cells and check on them? I'm afraid they'd be angry at
me for not feeding them, and I hate it when people shout at me for
something like that."

Not that they weren't already angry with her for arresting them, Tenchi
thought. Still, he supposed she was concerned because their anger would be
justified this time. Somehow, looking into her pleading eyes, he knew he
would not be able to refuse the request.

"Where are the prisoners located?" Tenchi asked.

"Thank you, Tenchi! You're a life saver." She beamed a smile at him. "You
go down the main corridor fifty feet. Then you take a left and go past
three doors and then you take a right. And then you go past a couple more
doors, but stop before you get to the infirmary. And then you're there."

The door to the bridge automatically opened as Tenchi started to leave the
room. He was in the middle of the doorway when Mihoshi said, "Wait! It's go
down the main corridor sixty feet, then take a right, then go past two
doors and take the right. And then you stop before you get to the armory.
And then you're there."

Tenchi memorized the directions again. Just as he turned to go, Mihoshi
again stopped him. "Wait. That's to the power reactor. Let me think about
this." She placed her hand to her chin in thought. Just as Tenchi was about
to ask her again, she spoke. "I've definitely got it this time. Here's what
you do. You go out into the hall and look to your right., you should see a
map of the ship on the wall a few meters away. The corridor across from
that is the one you want to take. Just go along it until you come to some
stairs and..."

As Mihoshi droned on, Tenchi walked over to the map and studied it.
Yelling, "I think I've got it!" he made a beeline to the location marked
'Brig'.

As Tenchi walked down the corridors, following a path of signs that said,
'Follow the white arrows to the prisoner cells,' he began to wonder if
Mihoshi was getting worse over time. Sometimes she was okay, but forgetting
about her prisoners really was unforgivable. The one thing she had always
seemed to do was take her job seriously, but it seemed to him this was a
too major of a mistake on her part.

At last he arrived at the cells on board the ship. Looking into an empty
one, he noticed that the beds within were quite nice, with padded white
mattresses and frilly comforters on them. There even appeared to be a small
voice-activated radio stationed on the outside of the cell, just beyond the
forcefields that kept the prisoners confined to their cells. He supposed it
made sense, since Mihoshi had told him that when on long range patrols, it
could take up to a week for a ship to make it back to an inhabited world
where a prisoner could be dropped off at a branch of the Galaxy Police for
processing. It was nice to see that the Galaxy Police at least tried to
make the prisoners feel comfortable.

He examined each cell, trying to find the prisoners, but ended up rewarded
with nothing. It wasn't until he got to the eighth cell in the corridor
that he noticed it was occupied with what was presumably Mihoshi's
prisoners.

Or at least what was left of them.

For as Tenchi looked in, he was able to clearly see that only occupants
were two complete skeletons laid out on their beds, looking for all of the
world like some kind of Halloween decoration.

Tenchi backed out of sight of the cell and caught his breath. It was some
kind of mistake. Even Mihoshi could not have forgotten someone for the
amount of time it would have taken for them to end up in that state. The
real prisoners were probably in a cell farther down, he assured himself,
and went to make sure. Unfortunately, such was not the case. All of the
other ones were vacant. That meant the one with the skeletons had to be it.

Tenchi afforded one more look into the cell, assuring himself it wasn't an
optical illusion. The skeletons were still there. This time Tenchi backed
out of the cell block altogether and into the corridor beyond. Could
Mihoshi have been wrong about having prisoners at all, having dropped them
off and forgetting altogether about it? That didn't seem likely either. She
had been certain they were still on the ship. With a hesitant hand, he
activated one of the communicators in the wall. "Mihoshi?"

"Yes?" The sound of munching could be heard over the reply that came
crackling over the unit.

"There's a little problem with the prisoners."

"Are they being loud and unruly? If they are, just ask them nicely to
please keep it down. And if that doesn't work, start to explain to them
Lord Fillybuster the Gregarious's theories on how the universe actually
revolves on Urianan Banana peels and is held together with duct tape.
Usually I don't get more than two minutes into the first part of the theory
when they get all quiet and apologize for causing a problem. Personally, I
don't think much of the theory myself, but it does seem to be a useful tool
in calming prisoners down."

Tenchi felt the sweatdrop form behind his head. "Ah, no. They aren't being
unruly at all. In fact, I'd say they're the quietest people I've seen in a
real long time." He chided himself for his cowardice in trying to dodge the
issue. He forced himself to say, "I don't know how to tell you this, so I'm
just going to come out and say it. I'm afraid they're dead."

"Oh. Okay. As long as they aren't giving you a hard...WHAT?!"

Tenchi listened to the sobbing on the other end as Mihoshi blubbered out,
"That can't be. I've never had a prisoner die on me before. My record is
flawless in that respect. Sure, sometimes they complain about me mentally
torturing them, but everyone knows I would never do that sort of thing to
anyone. It's just talk."

"Well, it's true. I guess you'd better come down and check it yourself."
Tenchi's heart felt as though it had sunk to his stomach. Things just
didn't make sense.

In less than a minute Mihoshi had joined Tenchi, bawling her eyes out and
sobbing about how she was now guilty of murder and was going to have to
arrest herself. The crying girl entered the cell block with Tenchi,
allowing him to lead her to the room with the bodies. Tenchi watched
Mihoshi carefully, gauging her reaction as she laid eyes upon the remains
for the first time. He hoped she wouldn't try to do anything rash.

She took one good look through her tears, then stopped crying. A look of
confusion passed over her features. "Umm, Tenchi. The prisoners look
perfectly fine to me."

"What are you talking about?!" he nearly shouted. "They're nothing but
skeletons!"

"Hey, you're not so fat yourself, jerk!"

Tenchi recoiled in horror as one of the skeletons sat up and spoke. A
moment later, its companion followed the example. Together they headed
towards the forcefield to the cell, stopping right in front of it mere
inches away from Tenchi. His reaction was automatic as he jumped back and
hid behind Mihoshi, who remained where she was as though two skeletons
coming towards her was the most normal thing in the world.

Mihoshi looked over her shoulder to stare at Tenchi in confusion. "Ah,
Tenchi. They're Kallista Flockhartens. They all look like skeletons. Their
skin and internal organs are transparent. Although if you look real close
under the light, you can just make out a blue outline that surrounds their
bodies. That's all you can see of their skin. Also, there is just the
faintest red glow in front of their eyes. That's their optical nerves. So
you see, these two are perfectly normal."

Forcing himself to stare closely at the two animated sets of bones, Tenchi
could see that Mihoshi was correct and that both things were present on the
prisoners. He blushed in embarrassment.

"Tenchi, you're so silly," Mihoshi giggled. "You were just trying to scare
me, weren't you?"

"Sort of," Tenchi said, placing a hand behind his head in further
embarrassment.

Mihoshi got both of the Flockhartens their food. Tenchi was relieved to see
that the invisibility effect extended to what they ate, grateful he didn't
have to go through watching their digestive tracts in action.

As Mihoshi and Tenchi left the cells behind, she began to voice some
concerns. "I have something of a problem here. Headquarters specifically
said they didn't want to hear my name at all. If I take the prisoners in,
then they'll hear my name and I'll get into trouble. Of course, I don't
think we can take them on vacation with us either. I don't know what to
do," she wailed.

"I don't think your headquarters would mind if you're dropping off
prisoners you already had in your custody before you went on vacation. I'm
pretty sure they meant not to make any arrests after you went on it,"
Tenchi said.

Mihoshi shook her head. "Nonono. You don't understand. My orders were very
specific and my superiors will be really angry if I don't obey them. I have
to come up with something. Maybe if I ask Yukinojo himself."

With a course of action decided, Mihoshi set off back to the bridge and
reactivated the artificial intelligence that served as her only companion
on long range flights. Once activated, Yukinojo lowered his primary
communications unit; basically a mechanical head that lowered from the
ceiling that allowed Mihoshi to talk to him face-to-face.

"Good morning, Yukinojo," Mihoshi greeted happily.

"My chronometer indicates it's six P.M. Juraian Standard Time. That would
place it as early evening."

"You know what I meant," Mihoshi said. "I have a problem."

"I see," the mechanical head answered almost drolly, if one could attribute
a droll tone in the unit's mechanical voice. "It's only been one standard
day since you were ordered on vacation and I had a chance to shut down. And
here I was hoping to get about six months rest from our usual bouts of
chaos. That was why I wanted most of my higher functions turned off."

"Sorry about this," Mihoshi said, looking a little embarrassed.

Yukinojo continued without pause. "You do know that the last time we were
at headquarters the main computer diagnosed me with burnt out logistics and
worn out acceptors. You know, the important things I need to interact with
intelligent beings in a logical manner. It's supposed to take a minimum of
fifteen years for that sort of problem to creep up in my series of AI. It's
only taken four years of being under your command for me to start to having
massive break-downs of this sort. It's all highly traumatizing for me."

"Well, we are pretty busy and have had a high case load. That's probably
why you're having breakdowns in your higher functions," Mihoshi offered.

"Or it could be you are lazy, slovenly, conduct business in an offhand and
consistently illogical manner, cause massive amounts of damage to the ship
in senseless accidents that could easily be avoided, have no sense of
discipline..." Yukinojo trailed off as Mihoshi's eyes began to tear. Every
time he tried to seriously berate her for her attitude, she'd began to cry,
and then his empathy programs would creep and he'd have to...

"I'm sorry, Mihoshi. Our record of arrests is outstanding. We've
single-handedly brought down entire criminal organizations, like Keyser
Soze's outfit. We always score high marks in concluding our cases in timely
fashion, and not once have we ever had to be disciplined for any violations
of prisoners' rights. And," Yukinojo almost hated himself for this part,
mostly because it was true, "I like working with you because you show such
heartfelt enthusiasm for getting the job done and at least try to uphold
the spirit of the Galaxy Police." Even if she did also screw up things a
lot of the time, drive him to distraction, and made him want to lobotomize
himself on more than one occasion.

"Thanks." Mihoshi's attitude brightened considerably. "Now, I'm sorry for
interrupting your rest, but I have a little problem." She outlined the
dilemma of the prisoners.

Yukinojo said, "We're going to have to drop them off and take our chances
that headquarters will let this slide." Logically they should not have had
a problem with the situation, but Mihoshi's superiors had been enthusiastic
about not having any contact whatsoever with her for six months. It was
possible some problem could creep up, even if it was through some
misunderstanding about when the prisoners had really been apprehended.

He was still reviewing the possibilities when he picked up a communication.
"Mihoshi. I have a distress signal from a Galaxy Police prisoner transport
in our sector. They say there was an attempted breakout by some of the
prisoners, but the situation is now under control. However, their
long-range communications have been damaged and they can only contact
others with their short-range communications systems."

There could be no doubt about their course of action. It was a common fact
that any space faring vessel receiving a distress call was obligated to
respond. Mihoshi set a course for the source of the signal.

It only took them ten minutes to reach the coordinates. Yukinojo's sensors
matched the ship's configuration to the transponder signal it gave off. The
ships linked with one another without difficulty, and Tenchi and Mihoshi
both went over to the transport to look over the situation. The transport's
captain, Terrace Azsore, was waiting for them as they arrived. He and
Mihoshi saluted one another and began to talk.

"We were bringing in some Class C criminals from some of the outer
territories when they attempted a prison break. We got them under control
quick enough, except for one guy that managed to overload our sensor array
and blow apart some of the main engine controls. We've managed to repair
most of the damage. The main engines are still off-line, but my engineer
assures me he can have them fixed within the hour," Azsore explained. "Our
main problem is that out CGG-60B long-range antenna was severely damaged.
Our backup was destroyed as well."

"Without it, you can't communicate outside a single star system," Mihoshi
finished.

"You see the problem," Azsore said. "As a ship belonging to the Galaxy
Police, we are required to maintain a constant link with headquarters in
case of emergencies. We still have a long way to go to get to the penal
colony on Trakton-Gallows and a lot of that is in deep space. This system
isn't exactly one of the most advanced, and any side journeys for
replacement parts are going to take a heck of a long time. But if you could
loan us your spare antenna-"

"You'd be able to head towards Trakton-Gallows right away," Mihoshi said
brightly. "Sure, I'd be happy to loan you my back up."

"Thanks," the captain said as he called his communications officer over his
comlink and informed him that they were going to get their hands on the
necessary part.

As the transfer was taking place, an idea suddenly occurred to Tenchi.
"Mihoshi. Will this ship be heading to Galaxy Police Headquarters?"

Mihoshi nodded her head. "After it drops off its prisoners, yes."

"Is it possible for them to take your prisoners to headquarters for you?"

"Sure. Prisoner transfers happen all the time if one ship is heading
towards police headquarters and the other still needs to continue its tour
of duty," Mihoshi said happily, and continued to watch the men transfer her
reserve antenna to their ship.

After a few moments of inaction on Mihoshi's part, Tenchi said slowly, "Why
don't you ask the captain to take the prisoners off your hands and then you
won't have to worry about them any more?"

It took a moment for the idea to sink in. "What a great idea. Thanks,
Tenchi. You sure are smart sometimes."

"Thanks," Tenchi said uncomfortably at the praise. She just had to be so
damn sincere that it was hard not to feel a little unworthy of it.

The captain was only too happy to return a favor to Mihoshi. She
transferred all of the necessary paperwork for processing, and the
Flockharteans were given their own cell on the transport, seemingly
delighted at being removed from Mihoshi's care. Without direct contact with
headquarters, Mihoshi thought it would be unlikely there would be any
reprimands from her superiors when she returned.

Once the transfer was complete and the transport's engines were repaired,
both ships departed and resumed their destinations. Yukinojo had not made
it more than three parsecs before he realized something and gained
Mihoshi's attention.

"Mihoshi, I've been going over the inventories from the last time we were
resupplied at headquarters and I seem to have discovered some
discrepancies."

Mihoshi stared at him in confusion. "I didn't order any discrepancies."

Tenchi was amazed to discover that Galaxy Police ship artificial
intelligences were sophisticated enough to sweatdrop.

"Mihoshi, I'm not implying you ordered them. I'm saying there are some on
the inventory lists."

"And I'm telling you there can't be any on the list because I didn't order
any!" Mihoshi insisted.

"What in the name of a five-headed stellar Tarblist beast are you talking
about?!" Yukinojo shouted.

"I could ask you the same question!" Mihoshi shot back just as fiercely.

Tenchi backed away as Yukinojo's voice took on a more icy tone. "I'm
telling you there are some discrepancies on the list. You know
discrepancies. Something that is at variance with something else."

Mihoshi's eyes took on a knowing light. "Ohh. Why didn't you say so? I
thought you meant there were discrepancies, those fancy little chocolate
and whip cream pastries they make on Altair 7. You know, the kind that just
melts in your mouth when you eat them. They taste so yummy I could eat them
all day." Mihoshi licked her lips as she remembered the last time she had
tasted the chocolate confections.

"What are you talking about?!" Yukinojo shouted. "There is no such thing as
a chocolate pastry on Altair 7 called-" One of his internal computers sent
some information to his advanced intelligence circuits. "Well I'll be.
There really is a pastry called a discrepancy on Altair 7. Imagine that."

"See." Mihoshi crossed her arms under her ample bosom and stared smugly at
the mechanical head. "You have to be more clear if you want to be
understood. Ambiguity just breeds confusion, you know."

"That is true," Yukinojo sighed, then decided to get the conversation back
on its proper course. "Anyway, there are some variances," he emphasized
that word, after making certain there wasn't some kind of outer rim world
back bacon with the same name. "On the lists. For instance, it says here
that you ordered seventy VX-100 Hammerhead missiles. Now I'm certain what
you meant to say was that you ordered seventy VX-1000 Hammerhead missiles.
Correct?"

"Let me see. I have the carbon copies of the inventory lists somewhere
around here." Even in that day and age, they still forced people to fill
out handwritten forms in triplicate, even for the requisition of a paper
clip. Mihoshi began going through the mess on the floor of the bridge. It
took her a couple of minutes to find the crumpled up copy, and then another
minute for her to make out the writing, which had a series of coffee stains
all over it that reminded her of some contemporary artwork she had seen
while on Earth. "Nope. I ordered the VX-100 missiles."

"Mihoshi!" Yukinojo shouted. "How could you have made a mistake like that?!
No one has even manufactured VX-100 missiles in over a hundred years, let
alone used them! They are slow, present large target profiles thanks to
their heavy ray shielding, and their homing sensors are at least two
generations behind the VX-1000 series. They're all but useless. I can't
believe they even keep them stocked back at headquarters."

"I guess that was why the quartermaster gave me such a funny look when I
ordered them," Mihoshi said meekly.

"Thanks goodness we're going on vacation," Yukinojo muttered. Going into
combat with such dated weaponry was a sure way to end up dead in a
firefight. "Just remember the instant we report back to duty that we get
the correct missiles."

"Sure thing," Mihoshi said, brightening considerably since her mistake
hadn't cost her anything.

Tenchi had listened to the exchange and, as much as he liked Mihoshi, was
suddenly glad he was not her direct superior. The girl was a handful simply
as a friend. "How much longer until we get to Aqua Regia?"

"With that delay we had with the prison transport, another day and a half."
Mihoshi considered that. She really wanted to get to the planet and relax
with Tenchi. "I got an idea. We can cut out at least half a day if we take
a short cut."

"Mihoshi," Yukinojo warned, "stay on the plotted course."

Mihoshi waved dismissively at the mechanical head and began plotting a new
course. "Don't be silly. I've taken short cuts lots of times."

"And usually you get us lost," Yukinojo pointed out. "And then we have to
contact headquarters in the hopes that they can figure out where we are and
how to get back on track to where we're going."

"Not all the time," Mihoshi said.

"It happens often enough," Yukinojo countered in a desperate move that he
knew would do no good; Mihoshi had already made up her mind.

"I don't think a short cut is such a good idea," Tenchi said, coming to the
same conclusion Yukinojo had, knowing all the while it wasn't going to work
as well.

Mihoshi continued laying in the new course. "Oh, you guys. Risk is a part
of life."

"Not on vacation it's not supposed to be," Tenchi said, feeling his heart
sink into the pit of his stomach for the third time today.

Again Yukinojo spoke. "Mihoshi, I'm begging you, don't take us off course."

"You're such a worrywart. What could possibly go wrong?" Mihoshi said as
she finished entering the new course and hit a button.

Tenchi felt the urge to cry as the ship entered hyperspace.


Milky Way Galaxy
Sector 25W.773.2FX
Class 4 Nebula: Arecheox
The space station Tartarus

Funuyaki stood there in silence, watching as Stargrave's crew began to
remove the metal ball in which the Shihana bloom resided. Supposedly, they
were in no real danger. The deadly substance was sealed by three different
layers of protection. The first layer was an outer casing composed of
adamantine, which was thick enough to withstand anything up to an orbital
reentry and remain intact. Inside that was a secondary shell of polynison
with a high grade refractory coating. It was a relatively new invention, a
clear substance that could disperse nearly all forms of energy and was
reputed to be as hard as adamantine. The final defense was a statis field
unit that was within the polynison, which rendered the bloom inert. Unlike
the others, it would be easy to destroy or deactivate. It was simply there
to help transport the bloom from its container to any others and prevent
everyone from dying.

Each layer required a different method of deactivation. The adamantine had
a concealed panel that could be accessed easily enough, but to open the
shell itself required a twenty-five digit code entered into the keypad. Due
to the refractory coating on the polynison, a sonic pulse on a specific
wavelength would open it. The stasis fields had no failsafes and could be
deactivated with a touch. The idea was that if anyone could get past the
first two defenses, the third would be meaningless anyway. Malgaunt was
only sharing the code and the sonic frequency with Stargrave. The two
seemed to share a private joke about the latter key, assuring Funuyaki that
they were the only ones in the quadrant that could possibly open it.

Once Stargrave left Malgaunt's side, Funuyaki moved closer, taking up a
position opposite from Onita's as the man remained close to the marshal's
side. "That can't really be Shihana. Every trace of it was destroyed. All
of it."

"Yeah," Onita added. Funuyaki wondered if the man was going to say more
than that, but gave a derisive snort when that was all the commentary he
had.

Malgaunt seemed to swell up as he gave a smug look to his aides. "Would you
like me to tell you a little story about Shihana and the plant before us? I
think you'll find it most intriguing."

There was little Funuyaki wanted more to do in the universe than wipe the
smirk off her superior's face. But she wasn't so foolish as to allow her
emotions to carry her away, no matter how great her satisfaction would
temporarily be. "Please."

A soft chuckle slipped from Malgaunt as he began his tale. "Allow me to go
over what you were taught when you were younger, because there's no telling
how accurate the information you received really is. Those that rule often
filter what information they want to be learned among the general populace.
It makes the masses so much easier to control if their knowledge is
deliberately tinged with the just right amount of propaganda. I should
know. As a marshal of the Galaxy Police, I've been using such tactics for
years.

"Slightly over one thousand years ago, a sizable empire by the name of the
Whipreck came into contact with the Jurai. Each side decided that the
galaxy wasn't large enough for both to exist, so war was quickly declared.
The Jurai had the advantage in resources, technology, and tactics. It was
only a matter of a year before the Whipreck began losing badly, so they
turned to the one area of war in which they exceeded the Jurai: biological
weapons.

"Desperate times breed desperate measures. To that end, one of their
scientists made a breakthrough the universe would later curse as 'Shihana.'
It really was a remarkable piece of work, and I can only guess at the
genius of the individual that primarily designed it. His knowledge far
outstripped anything even the ministry of science could come up with, even
to this day.

"The plant itself wasn't the problem, by the way. It was the spores it
created. The spores were microscopic in size, about the size of most
standard viruses, which was what its genetic pattern was partially based
upon. The little thing really is quite deliciously simple. Once the plant
was exposed to an ecosystem, no matter how big or how small, it would
release the spores. Once released, the spores would attach themselves to
every lifeform they encountered, no matter how large or small, and drain it
of its life energy at an unbelievable rate. It would drain a standard
human-sized lifeform within four minutes. It would then use the energy it
absorbed to replicate itself at a rate faster than anything ever
encountered. The new spores would then repeat the cycle until every living
thing on the entire planet was drained, and I mean everything, including
plant life and microscopic creatures.

"Apparently, the spores, through some unknown means, transferred at least
part of the drained energy to the mother plant, for once the spores ran out
of things to feed, they died off and the mother plant would follow. Don't
let that fool you. Destroying the mother plant after it had released its
spores was no defense; they functioned independently of the plant and would
continue on their merry path of genocide.

"The spores were designed to propel themselves at an incredible rate of
speed, being able to travel through air, liquids, even the soil of a planet
itself. About the only thing they could not survive in was a vacuum, making
them completely terrestrial bound. They also could not penetrate any
air-tight enclosures, so there were defenses against them. However, if even
one so much as made contact with an organism, it was over. The only
limitation they had was that without some life form to draw energy from,
they would die within forty eight hours of their last feeding. The main
plant from which they had spawned would die about two hours after the last
spore. Also, they could not be transported more than a million miles from
the host plant, or they would die rather than replicate or drain. Yet
another fail-safe placed upon this biological weapon.

"It really is a fascinating method of control. Given this almost
self-destructive capability, it would make it almost impossible for Shihana
to be used against the Whipreck, just as the plant's designers had planned.

"The actual creation of the plant was a carefully guarded secret. Likewise,
once it was created, it had to be contained properly and put into stasis,
lest the plant blossomed and required a constant, controlled string of
lifeforms to sustain it until it could be delivered to its destination
before it died.

"Once the Whipreck were confident Shihana was effective, and that it
couldn't be used against them, they unleashed it upon their enemies. Upon
completion of the original batch of plants, the Whipreck went to work.
Fifty-three worlds were infected by the plant. The only place they failed
to get one onto was the Jurai throneworld. Everywhere else they released
it, it was a success. The effect was devastating, despite the fact the
Whipreck left some tactically important worlds unaffected, hoping to bend
them to their own empire's will after they took over. Most worlds tended to
succumb to the plant within three days of its initial release, less if the
planet was small.

"Shihana was completely effective, razing every world it came into contact
with. Hundreds of billions died within that first week it was released upon
the largely unsuspecting galaxy. No lifeform was spared as entire planets
became lifeless rocks floating in space. Years later, others would remark
grimly that the universe had become a quieter place thanks to the Whipreck.
Few sentient races truly suffered genocide, almost every race had numbers
that were off planet at the time, but many of them were pushed to the brink
of extinction. Even centuries later, all of them are but former shadows of
what they once were, their planets taken from them and essentially lost
forever.

"The Jurai Empire was predictably thrown into disarray by the massive
attack. The Whipreck coordinated the release with their fleet, making huge
leaps and gains in the war. Right now we would probably be a part of the
Whipreck Empire had not fortune smiled on the Jurai in the form of Whipreck
rebels. There were many of them, including high-standing members of the
government and the military, that were so disgusted with their own empire's
actions that they chose to betray their leaders rather than allow the
Whipreck Empire to go unpunished. They gave the Jurai information on what
had ravished their worlds and where the only facilities for Shihana were
stored on the homeworld. They then aided a quickly assembled Jurai fleet,
one that was basically sent on a suicide mission, to the Whipreck Empire's
homeworld and used inside information that would enable them to at least
make it to the planet alive.

"The Jurai fleet was slaughtered to the ship, but not before they destroyed
all the facilities that contained the information about Shihana and all of
the specialized equipment needed to produce the plant, as well as the
remaining existing batch of it. They also managed to assault the capital of
the empire and killed the Emperor and the majority of the ruling body.

"Now it was the Whipreck's turn to reel from their losses as the Jurai
launched a merciless counterattack upon the Whipreck. Within a month the
war was over, every part of the Whipreck Empire had been defeated. As
punishment for their actions, the Emperor decided to be merciful and simply
exiled the master race of the Whipreck from their homeworld and this part
of the galaxy, forcing them to go beyond the outer rim forever. As for
those that had created Shihana, everyone that was the least bit involved in
the project was executed. The only information that the Jurai were able to
salvage were pictures of the flower itself and what it was capable of
doing. It was made a part of every Imperial planet's learning curriculum as
to what the flower looked like and what it was capable of doing, so that
everyone knows the evils that can be inflicted upon the universe."

"If what you say is true, then how can that exist?" Funuyaki said, pointing
to the gunmetal-gray orb that the plant was now encased. Onita simply
looked at the orb, then back at Malgaunt.

The marshal's grin grew wider. He loved having information others lacked.
Seeing open looks of disbelief on their faces when confronted with the
seemingly impossible always amused him. And then, as calm as deep space, he
would explain to them in an obvious fashion how wrong they were and why.
Almost inevitably their looks would change from disbelief to resentment
directed towards him for knowing so much more than they. That look was one
of the reasons he had enjoyed arresting criminals so much. He loved
deceiving them into believing they would get away with their crime, then
would show them the evidence that would put them away. As much as those
scum hated being caught, they loathed him just as much for being so
superior to them in every way. And as much as he liked Funuyaki, it was
time to remind her of that fact.

"You forget, the Whipreck failed to get one of the flowers through to the
Jurai homeworld itself. During the initial attack, they did attempt to
release one there, but what ended up happening was that our very own Galaxy
Police managed to intercept the flower before it got to planetary orbit.
Not only that, the self-destruct circuit on the smuggler's ship failed, and
we managed to capture the plant intact, while it was still in its stasis
field. Of course, at the time we had no idea of what we had obtained. It
was assumed to be some kind of new plant that could produce a drug. It
wasn't until after the war that we discovered what we had on our hands.
Although once it was certain, it became a matter for the Jurai Security
Directorate.

"Why didn't they just destroy the damn thing instead of playing around with
it?" Funuyaki asked as she watched Stargrave's crew continue to prepare the
Shihana for transport.

"Because what was once created can be created again." Malgaunt sounded as
though he was repeating some ancient proverb. For a moment there he had
thought Funuyaki would figure the reason out on her own -she was quite
smart- but it appeared that she was not going to guess. "The Empire wanted
a cure to the plant, and it was willing to commit whatever resources were
necessary to achieve that goal. Rather than alert the general population
that this instrument of planetary destruction still existed, they
suppressed all knowledge of its existence, save for a handful of people
that would be involved directly in the project; the Emperor and some of his
most trusted aides, members of the Imperial Academy Science Division, high
ranking officers in the Galaxy Police, and the highest levels of the Jurai
Security Directorate.

"After what happened with the Shihana the first time it was released upon
the universe, there was no way the remaining plant was ever going to be
allowed near a populated system. A secret base was set up on a remote
asteroid in the Cygni Quadrant, and it remained there for a number of
decades. However, it was nearly destroyed in a freak accident and the base
had to be abandoned. From there it was moved frequently from desolate place
to desolate place, never remaining in one spot too long for fear someone
would learn of its location and try to steal it. As inconvenient as it was,
it was the only way those in charge felt safe.

"And then they discovered the Anomaly. Its unique location made it an ideal
place to research the cure. Given the multiple layers of protection and
secrecy surrounding the base, the only way it could ever be stolen-"

"-was with a high-ranking inside man," Funuyaki finished for him.

"Just so," Malgaunt said smugly.

"But if there's only this one-" Funuyaki started.

"Well, yes and no," Malgaunt said. "Yes, there is only this one, but over
the years, as the scientists tried to create a cure, and failed, I might
add, they did learn how to create more of the plants. I think they were
reconstructing it in their minds as a better method of coming up with a
cure. In any case, even with what they discovered, they couldn't make a new
one from scratch, but they could make others using an already existing
plant. And it just so happens I retrieved that information on this little
disk." Malgaunt held a three inch gold disk for all to see. He then
pocketed it and went back to smiling.

"She's ready for transport," one of Stargrave's men said as he triple
checked the seals on the prize.

Sa'bre Stargrave gave the order for the crew to move it out to the Rack n'
Ruin. From there they were to load it onto the special containment cylinder
that had been added to the bottom of the ship specifically for the mission.
Stargrave explained that there was no way he was going to travel with the
Shihana having any direct access to the ship. The tube might have been
vulnerable, but in Stargrave's opinion it was worth the risk.

Sa'bre's men handled the container with great care, not caring that they
could not crack the casing on it even if they tried. The transport from the
labs to the ship went by without a problem, though at one point Stargrave
stopped to listen to a report from some of his men in the ship. After it
was finished, he informed Malgaunt that he had been correct about the crew
of Tartarus trying to use the ventilation ducts to effect an escape.
Stargrave's men shot several of them that had made the attempt, driving the
others back to the barracks. Malgaunt assured him they would not have time
to try anything else as the group continued to the docking bay.

Upon arriving there, the adamantine ball was loaded into the long silver
cylinder that was affixed to the bottom of the vessel. It was only twenty
feet long and ten feet wide, but it was made with two feet of pure
durasteel, and was fused to the hull of the vessel. Stargrave was convinced
nothing short of the ship's destruction would dislodge the container from
his vessel.

After it was loaded and the final preparations for lift off were made,
Sa'bre recalled his men from Tartarus. As the last members of the crew
boarded, leaving only Stargrave and the trio of traitorous Galaxy Police
officers, Malgaunt pulled out the control pad that was still slaved to the
station's controls. Funuyaki watched with close interest.

"What are you doing now?"

Malgaunt finished punching in a sequence on his pad. "Oh, I'm just sending
a distress call to headquarters."

"What?!" Funuyaki and Onita shouted as one.

Malgaunt's face nearly ached with all of the smiling he had done in the
last few hours. Those that had spent long amounts of time with him knew
that he almost never smiled, yet today had proven a most joyous time for
him. "It seems there's been a malfunction in the ship's directional
engines. They've misfired, sending Tartarus on a course that takes it out
of the Anomaly and into Hell's Gate itself." He punched in another set of
commands, and the station began to move. "How unfortunate that the shields
are also down, meaning the station won't last fifteen minutes in the
nebula." Malgaunt turned to head up the ramp to the Rack n'Ruin. "We'd best
be off, people, unless you'd like to get a closer look at one of the most
destructive forces in the universe."

Funuyaki turned her gaze back at the station. "Do we really have to kill
all of them?"

Stargrave gave her a false smile and turned back to Malgaunt, a look of
pure amusement upon his face. "Yes, really, killing all of your men like
that is a pretty terrible thing. How can you live with yourself?"

Malgaunt's face turned a bit more serious as the smile disappeared. "They
never appreciated me. I tried to make them into the best and most efficient
force in the galaxy. I was stern only because it furthered my causes, and
thus the causes of the Galaxy Police. Yet in return they refused to
appreciate my abilities, never mind the fact I was clearly superior to
them.  If they had followed me rather than standing in my way, allowed me
to lead the Galaxy Police as was my right, I would have taken them to
levels they never would have dreamt of. But instead they allowed those two
fools in front of me to lead, them and their pitiful ideals that did
nothing but hold us back. They refused my rightful place as the one in
charge and behind my back referred to me derisively as 'Ballbreaker.' They
don't really deserve my talents."

"So you're going to kill all of them?" Stargrave's face remained its
cheerful self.

"No," Malgaunt said as he entered the Rack n'Ruin. "I'm going to lead them,
those that have the vision to follow my lead, like Funuyaki and Onita
here." He turned a smile their way.

"So you're killing them because you're pissed at them?" Funuyaki asked. She
was surprised at how she was able to keep anything but a neutral tone to
her voice.

"Of course not," Malgaunt scoffed. "If I disposed of everyone that angered
me, I'd end up killing as many people as Shihana did. I'm sending these men
into the Anomaly because they represent a threat to me. You should be able
to appreciate that, Lieutenant."

Funuyaki flinched slightly at the statement, but before she could speak,
Stargrave interrupted them both. "After all, we can't have anyone realizing
that Shihana was taken from the station before it fell into Hell's Gate,
now can we? Also, it covers the 'deaths' of yourself, Mr. Onita, and
Marshal Malgaunt here. No one will have the faintest idea that you weren't
on the station when it goes boom."

"Aside from that, there's another reason I'm sending the transmission,"
Malgaunt continued. "Before we left, I planted a virus, using someone
else's access of course, into the mainframe of the computer system at
headquarters. It's a devilish little thing, cooked up by one of Stargrave's
techmasters, though it has all of the earmarks of a group of high-grade
computer hackers called the Malcontents."

Stargrave bowed with flourish as the ramp closed and the thrusters of the
ship began a loud whine. The ship lurched as it removed itself from the
docking clamps that held it in place.

"Thanks to my inside information on the system, the techmaster designed it
to cut through all of our anti-virus protection programs like they weren't
there. Right now, it's hiding in the system. Five minutes after I send the
Priority Alpha One transmission that the station is in trouble, the virus
will take that as a signal to release itself into the system. The first
thing it will do is attach itself to the communications system. Since this
is a top priority message, it will automatically be transmitted to every
Galaxy Police ship there is. On every one of those transmissions will be
the virus, which is also designed to cut through the ships anti-virus
programs as well. After the message is sent, then the virus will activate
on the station, shutting down every computer in headquarters and every ship
under our command. The entire Galaxy Police force will be shut down and
rendered ineffective. That will buy us more than enough time to complete
what we have to do without interference from them."

Funuyaki could scarcely believe her ears, but everything Malgaunt had told
her was fully within his capabilities. As impossible as it seemed, it did
appear he had taken everything into account. The plan sounded foolproof. As
the ship took off, Funuyaki realized there was something Malgaunt had said
that did not make sense. "What do you mean, 'complete what we have to do'?
I thought our mission was accomplished. We have Shihana."

Stargrave chuckled at the woman's misassumption as he felt the ship head
out into the Anomaly. "And just what do you suppose we can do with it?
Extort a few worlds with the threat of the plant? Kill a few races we don't
like? Use it to prove we're willing to?" He made a broad gesture with his
arms. "Perhaps we would try to take over the Empire itself? You, me, and
our merry little band of pirates, eh? I'm certain the thousand or so of my
people in my organization could take command of the entire Empire in a
matter of days."

Funuyaki looked on in confusion at him. He had raised a valid point. "Then
what is the plan for it?"

"Why, we're going to sell it," Stargrave said. Laughing, he turned away
from Funuyaki, leaving her to wonder what his enigmatic statement meant.
His spirits were still high as he made his way to the bridge. True, his
crew was competent and departing the Anomaly to enter the safe passage
through Hell's Gate would not be a problem, but there was something
satisfying about being on the captain's chair as the Rack n' Ruin made its
way through space, taking them on the path to their ultimate destiny.

And in the Anomaly, the space station called Tartarus plunged into the
turbulent storms of the nebula, never to be seen again.


It was two hours later that Funuyaki made her way to the bridge, unable to
stand staring at the ceiling any longer. Malgaunt had all but ordered her
and Onita to get some rest while they could, vaguely hinting that something
was going to happen in several hours and that he wanted them in good shape
to deal with whatever might come. More mysterious references by Malgaunt
that meant nothing other than to add to the tension that Funuyaki had
already felt. Tension that was ready to bury her under its weight.

They went to the small room with the two bunks that had been assigned to
her and Onita by Stargrave. The cells at Galaxy Police headquarters were ni
cer. It was a dingy little room with a couple of bunk beds that somehow
managed to take up two thirds of the room. Given the impressive size of the
vessel, and the number of crewmen it held, she was certain this was the
worst room Stargrave could have come up with, outside of making both her
and Onita sleep in an airlock. She had not been around the criminal for
long, but she was under the distinct impression that he would kill both her
and Onita in a heartbeat if it was not for Malgaunt's presence. That meant
being more alert than ever, lest Sa'bre change his mind and decide that
they were not worth keeping around after all, even if it was against
Malgaunt's wishes.

Still, she had laid down and tried to get at least a little rest. Onita had
fallen asleep the instant his head hit the pillow, but Funuyaki simply lay
there, staring at the ceiling and trying to figure out how she had come to
this, murdering her own comrades and working with the scum she used to
arrest and sometimes kill. How low her life had fallen, thanks both to
herself and Malgaunt.

She did everything she could to avoid those answers, trying to figure out
what Malgaunt could possibly be up to. However, nothing came to mind, and
after a while her need to know became too great to allow her to simply lay
there and wonder what was going to happen next. She wanted answers and she
needed them now. There was no telling what was actually happening, and she
was tired of operating completely in the dark. Up until that moment she had
been reactive, but now she was going to do what they had taught her at the
academy and be proactive. Among this den of vipers she had to tread
carefully, or one of the scum was sure to take her down if the opportunity
presented itself.

Funuyaki made her way to the bridge, managing to avoid any members of the
crew. She wondered if perhaps Stargrave had told his own men to get some
rest too, in light of what was coming up, whatever it was. As she made her
way through the ship, she saw that it was well maintained, just like any
military ship would be. Her estimation of Sa'bre moved up a notch. Unlike
most of the criminals she had met up with during her years as an undercover
officer, Stargrave and his men showed an uncannily high quality of
discipline, which made them far more dangerous than the above average
criminal. They also at least temporarily had Malgaunt helping them, which
quite possibly made them the deadliest people in the entire universe. She
was now more cautious than ever.

The doors to the bridge opened as Funuyaki stepped through them. All eyes
turned towards her for a moment, then went back to whatever tasks they had
been engaged in.

Malgaunt was on the bridge, off to the side next to the sensor arrays where
some other crewman was manning the controls. He motioned for her to
approach, and she did. Before she could speak, Malgaunt held his hand up to
her and softly said, "Don't say anything. I want you to watch the crew."

Funuyaki found herself obeying her superior, if he could still be
considered that. She watched them with the trained eye of a professional
police officer with ten years of undercover work under her belt. For
fifteen minutes she did nothing but watch them talk, do their jobs, joke
with one another, and whatever else they did. At the end of the ten
minutes, Malgaunt again spoke, only loud enough for himself and Funuyaki to
hear. "What do you make of this crew?"

Funuyaki wondered what game Malgaunt was up to, but decided to play along.
If she wanted to get any answers from him, she was going to have to obey,
at least for now. "In spite of their non-matching uniforms and
non-professional attitudes, they are quite competent. All of them seem to
do their jobs efficiently and effectively, although why they have a death
wish in letting a Katasan fly the ship is beyond me."

Malgaunt nodded in agreement. Katasans always stood out in a room. They
were nearly seven feet tall, felinoid creatures that possessed silver fur
that covered their entire bodies and a penchant for wearing as little
clothing as possible. Luckily they tended to shed very little. They had
something of a snout that contained sharp, pointed teeth that made one
think of a housecat, at least as long as those fangs were not used against
them. The housecat comparison rarely held up once they discovered one of
the Katasans unusual tendencies. Their race was very short lived, no
members of it reaching past the age of twenty standard years, though few
made it to even half of that. There was one universal character flaw that
made them one of the shortest lived races around.

Katasans, as a race, were action junkies. There was little they loved more
than traveling at high speeds. Their incredibly quick reflexes and equally
quick minds made them more than capable pilots, able to handle just about
any vehicle in the universe. There was only one major problem with Katasan
pilots though; they always preferred to travel at excessive speeds. It
might have made them one of the most feared starfighter pilots in the
galaxy, but it also made them one of the most feared commercial pilots as
well. Simply put, unless one needed to get somewhere fast, and it was a
matter of life or death, it was considered reckless to allow a Katasan to
fly you there. Some planets even prohibited Katasan pilots from flying
ships in their zones, for no matter how quick and how good of a pilot a
Katasan was, sooner or later, a mistake was made and it often led to death.
It was rare to come across a Katasan that was ten years old, most having
died in some accident or shot down long before that.

"Her name is Fera. She's five years old, and every inch a true Katasan,"
Malgaunt told Funuyaki. "She's been flying for Stargrave for a year now,
and probably the only one that could have done that daredevil maneuvering
that allowed them to get to the station. Still, Stargrave is a braver man
than I for making her his personal pilot," Malgaunt admitted.

Malgaunt brushed off some white fur that had made somehow made it onto his
black uniform, After making certain he was immaculate once more, he pointed
out the first mate of the Rack n'Ruin, Arianna Taguyu. "And what do you
make of her?"

Again Funuyaki slipped into her inspector mode. "She moves slowly, but with
skill, always tensed and ready to lash out. She's vain but attractive, so
that's justified slightly. Ordinarily, looks can get you as far as skill
among some criminal organizations, but not this one. She's at least as
lethal as she appears. She has a slight Andarean accent, so she most likely
comes from that world, perhaps a former lady of the nobility. It's my
understanding all of them are trained in the arts of assassination and
self-defense so as to serve their husbands more effectively. There is a
definite attraction on her part towards Stargrave; she keeps stealing
glances his way, but he doesn't return it as much. Most of other members of
the crew seem a little tense when she passes by, so it's possible she
serves as Stargrave's primary enforcer, or hit woman, as well."

"Very good," Malgaunt said softly. "You are correct. It's nice to see your
detective skills remain as sharp as ever. I might have need of them in the
near future. Right now, I need competent allies, besides Sa'bre. I do trust
him, but it is more of a trust among equals, and I need my own people right
now. In return, I think you could be rewarded with your own, say, planet?
At least a moon, to be certain. We'll name it, Funuyaki. Would you like
that?"

That was all it took for Funuyaki's temper to snap. She was tired of
Malgaunt's games. "What are you talking about?! What's going on?!"

All eyes, save Fera's, turned towards the source of the disruption.
Malgaunt himself seemed unmoved, and not surprised, by the outburst. "Fair
enough. However, I think it would be better if Captain Stargrave were to
explain. I'm certain his crew are curious, too." Malgaunt deferred towards
Sa'bre, who bowed his head slightly in return.

The captain cleared his throat and began, focusing mostly on his crew but
affording Funuyaki a glance as well. "I know I have kept most of you in the
dark as to the exact nature of this mission. The secrecy was necessary for
all of our survival, since if even a single word of our stealing of Shihana
had slipped, it would have most likely resulted in our deaths at the hands
of the Galaxy Police, or Jurai's Security Directorate. We have stolen this
deadly weapon, and the means to produce more of it, with the intention not
to use it ourselves, but to sell it to someone that can use it far more
effectively than us."

All eyes were riveted upon Stargrave, his carefully measured tones
commanding everyone's complete attention. Somewhere in the back of
Funuyaki's mind, she applauded his speech making talents. The man possessed
a natural charisma that was rarely seen.

"They are the Yagdagron, one of the outer systems the Jurai 'annexed' to
the Empire about two hundred years ago. And in a short while, after
obtaining Shihana, they will be in complete control of what is now the
Jurai Empire." Sa'bre allowed that information to sink in.

Funuyaki was the first to speak up. "How are they going to do it?"

The usual belligerent tone that Sa'bre directed toward Funuyaki was absent
as he said, "They have been building a space fleet for the last century,
hiding it in a planetary system far away from the Jurai Empire. Actually,
I've been funneling a great deal of arms and materials their way over the
last ten years. Right now it's only about one fifth the size of the Jurai's
fleet, and their weapons are slightly inferior, but it is an effective
force. Alone, they wouldn't stand a chance, however with a planet killer
like Shihana in their hands, they become vastly more effective.

"Unlike the Whipreck, the Yagdagron are going to successfully seed the
Jurai Throneworld, as well as many other key systems. With Marshal
Malgaunt's inside information on the planetary security of those worlds, it
will be easy." Stargrave's voice seemed to rise slightly, and Funuyaki was
surprised to see that he was indeed allowing his emotions to take over for
him now

"With this lightning fast strike, in concert with the Yagdagron fleet
attacking key military locations, the Empire will be crippled in a matter
of days and surrender in a matter of one week, perhaps two at the most. And
in return for our 'patriotic' assistance in aiding them in the overthrow of
the evil and depraved Jurai Empire, I will be given control over one of the
sectors of the new Empire, under the banner of the Yagdagron, of course.
And Marshal Malgaunt here will be given control of the Galaxy Police, after
the organization falls under the Yagdagron's control and is freed from its
function of being nothing more than a puppet of the Emperor of Jurai."

Malgaunt made a sweeping gesture toward the crew of the Rack n'Ruin. "And
now that I am among you, I see what horrible wrongs my organization has
done in labeling you criminals. I give pardons to all of you."

The crew fell into the mood and gave a cheer at that. Funuyaki just gave
Malgaunt a disgusted look, then turned away so no one could see her face.
Over and over in her mind, she kept asking herself, just what she had
managed to get herself into.

Malgaunt seemed to take notice of her concern and turned towards her. "I
know the scope of this might have caught you off guard, but let me assure
you, it'll pay off in the end. When the smoke settles, we'll be running the
show. And if you possess even half of the promise your potential shows,
you'll end up being second-in-command of the entire Galaxy Police. And then
your little indiscretions in the past will all be forgotten, since we'll be
in charge of everything."

Funuyaki was barely able to listen to Malgaunt, her mind recoiling with the
information. She had always been told stories by her grandmother about
being made an offer by the devil, but Funuyaki had scoffed at such tales,
claiming there was no such things as devils. Now here she was, standing
next to someone that fit the description all too well and discovering
herself in a situation that was so similar to those stories that it made
her tremble. Unfortunately, unlike the heroes of those stories, she was not
a wholesome and nice person that simply found herself in a bad situation.
Did she even have a soul left to sell away anymore?

A wizened, rasping voice spoke from the far side of the bridge, gaining
everyone, including Funuyaki's, attention. She stared in surprise at what
had made the sound, for on her first examination of the crew of the bridge,
she had assumed the lump in the seat was someone's canvas bag, it was
withered so much. It never occurred to her it was actually a living being.
Now looking at it closely, she saw that it could not have been more than
three feet in height and had gray mottled flesh over which every square
centimeter were wrinkles. The fact that it was wearing a brown pantsuit,
which pooled around the bottom of its legs, helped add to its sacklike
appearance. Again the voice spoke, leaving Funuyaki to guess that it was
male, judging by how deep the voice was.

The being continued speaking in its raspy voice, staring at the crew
through eyes that were barely able to focus on the crew because of the many
folds of wrinkled flesh hanging from its face. "You think overthrowing
empires is hot shit? Well you're wrong. I remember when I was a lot
younger, oh, about three hundred thousand years ago, I was operating in a
galaxy far away and met this young fellow named, Vanth Dreadlok, or
something or other. Used to go around with a kick ass sword and an ugly
looking skull headed mage with a red eye. Anyway, ole' Vanth knocked over
three entire galactic empires all on his own, one of them he had even
helped set up. You'd think someone that went around doing that like it was
some sort of hobby would be pretty happy, considering how successful he
was. Well he wasn't. Couldn't stand the work. All the time he was
miserable, setting up rebellions and destroying insidious church figures
and power mad despots. All he really wanted to do was farm."

Stargrave spoke up. "So the moral of the story is, if we help overthrow the
Jurai Empire, we'll probably end up miserable like Mr. Dreadlok was?"

"In a word, yes," the bag of flesh said.

"You'll forgive me if I decide to take my chances," Stargrave said dryly as
he and the crew went back to commanding the ship.

"You'll be sorry," the lump warned, then went back to watching the crew
move around.

"What is that thing?" Funuyaki asked Malgaunt in a quiet voice, her
attention riveted on the creature that had just spoken to everyone.

"No one knows for certain," he told her. "His name is Autolycus, and he
claims to be an Allurian, and over a million years old."

"He doesn't look a century over five hundred thousand," Funuyaki said.

"Indeed." Malgaunt smiled at the joke. "He apparently came from a galaxy a
lot farther away than our own. It's my understanding that he has been with
the Rack n'Ruin since it was built, and that Stargrave keeps him around
because of a promise he made to the previous captain of the ship. As far as
I can tell, his primary purpose is to say how 'things in the old days used
to be a lot better than what they are today'. Pay him no mind. He's just a
senile bag of flesh that I wouldn't tolerate the way Stargrave does,
promise or not."

At that point Stargrave called Malgaunt over to the captain's chair in the
center of the bridge, essentially leaving Funuyaki alone with her thoughts.
The whole situation had become something far greater than she possibly
could have imagined. They were talking about nothing less than a complete
overthrow of the Empire. And worse, it actually sounded like they had a
chance to succeed at it.

Things were continuing to spiral out of control. Killing a few people, even
if they were her fellow Galaxy Police officers, was one thing, but now she
was a party to what was going to amount to planetary genocide. Billions
upon billions were going to end up dead, and if the Yagdagron's plan wasn't
executed perfectly, billions more would die in the ensuing war.

However, there was the payoff that Malgaunt had implied she would get. A
moon of her own to control. Being second in command of a new Galaxy Police
force. The questions began to overwhelm her. Was Malgaunt telling her the
truth? What was she to him? A protg he respected and mostly trusted? A
tool for him to use as he would? A form of protection from Stargrave,
should the criminal decide to turn on him? A witness to his crimes that
knew too much and would be disposed of when she was no longer needed? When
all of this was over, what would she be? One of the most powerful and
influential people in a new galactic order, one of the Galaxy's most wanted
criminals, responsible for the deaths of billions, or an unnamed corpse in
some backwater alley with a knife sticking out of its back?

And the most important question of all, was any of what she was going
through worth it?

"We're dropping out of hyperspace," Fera announced in what sounded more
like a growl than an actual language.

The darkness of hyperspace gave way to the twinkling stars of normal space
as the ship continued onward until Funuyaki saw they were approaching a
binary star system, the twin suns appearing very close to one another,
despite being tens of thousands of miles apart.

"Where are we?" Funuyaki asked.

"At our rendezvous point," Malgaunt said.

Sa'bre spun in his chair to face Funuyaki as the Rack n'Ruin continued on a
course that would take it between the two suns. "This is an out of the way
smuggler's run that even the Galaxy Police don't know about. It's a rather
unique run. Generally, it's only used when two parties arrange a meeting
and want to ensure privacy. There is only one narrow safe route between the
twin suns, and unless one is already close, sensors won't pick up a ship
being here. The suns' close proximity make anything other than short-range
sensors useless. Once inside the run, you can see whoever can see you, and
take care of them accordingly. Not that there are more than perhaps a dozen
people that actually have the coordinates to this place. This system is far
away from any inhabited worlds and isn't remotely close to any interstellar
traffic lanes. We're in the middle of nowhere, and there isn't the
slightest reason anyone other than another smuggler would come out here.
It's the perfect place to conduct our transaction."

"Indeed," Malgaunt agreed as he watched the ship come to rest between the
suns and waited for their associates to arrive.

They didn't have to wait long. Only two hours passed before a ship came out
of hyperspace and made a cautious approach to the Rack n'Ruin. Funuyaki
looked at the main viewscreen, which showed a picture of the new arrival.
It was huge, easily twice as large as a Juraian Battleship and shaped like
a large mound that reminded Funuyaki of a high tech ant hill. It was made
of a silver metal, and had multiple external gun emplacements dotting its
hull. It was a fearsome image.

"A Yagdagron Dreadnought," Malgaunt said as the ship drew closer. Everyone,
save Malgaunt and Stargrave, looked at it in awe. "It's powerful enough to
go toe to toe with a Juraian main battleship and win. Regrettably, the
Yagdagron have only managed to make five of them to date. Or perhaps that's
fortunate, since if they had more, they wouldn't need us."

"Recognition code sent and confirmed. They say they are ready for the
transfer," Sa'bre's communication's man said.

Stargrave rose from his chair and raised his fists in triumph. "This is it!
The end of the thrice damned Jurai Empire is at hand! Within a month it
will be nothing more than a footnote in the history books and it will all
be in thanks to me!" He continued laughing as the dreadnought drew ever
closer.

"Indeed," Malgaunt agreed in more quiet, yet just as intense, tones that
somehow matched Stargrave's emotional outburst. "Nothing can stop us now.
Nothing."

A movement out of the corner of her eye caught Funuyaki's attention. It was
a small gesture, that no one save herself seemed to have caught. The thing
the others called Autolycus had done something very peculiar, at least to Funuyaki's eye, for the creature had not reacted to either its captain's or
Malgaunt's declarations. Instead it seemed to be looking off in the
distance, it's eyes unfocused until a moment ago, when it did the thing
that caught Funuyaki's attention, and somehow, Funuyaki knew it had not
been prompted because of either of the speeches.

Autolycus gave a satisfied smile.

And then a warning klaxon sounded as one of the crewmen announced, "Ship
coming out of hyperspace directly in-between the suns. Sensors have
identified it as a standard Galaxy Police space cruiser and its heading
directly towards our position."

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Special thanks to Kara Ohki and L. Ang for looking this over

Bonus points if you actually can spot what the some of the obscure
references and figures that were named in some of the jokes, like Keyser Soze, and such.