Valentine's Day

The sunlight poured in through the window of Tenchi's room causing him to awaken 
with a start.  He sat up and glanced at the clock, 8 o'clock.  He groaned and 
lay down once more.  However, before he could drift off to sleep again a child's 
voice called,
"Breakfast is ready everyone."
So he pulled himself out of bed and changed into a dark blue t-shirt and blue 
jeans.  As he was pulling his slippers on, a figure materialized before him.
"Good morning Tenchi," she laughed.
"Morning Ryoko," he replied sleepily.

Ryoko was dressed in a tight red vest, a white skirt, red tights and a pair of 
black boots.  Her hair was a lovely cyan colour and her yellow eyes sparkled in 
the morning light.
"Come on," she said, "Sasami's got breakfast."
 She grabbed Tenchi's arm and they vanished and then reappeared in the kitchen.
"Oh Tenchi, good morning."
"Hello Sasami."
"Breakfast is all ready, go on through," Sasami explained.
Tenchi went into the dining room followed closely by Ryoko.  Upon the table was 
a platter of salmon and Spanish omelettes.  

Seated around the table were Mihoshi, the ditsy Galaxy Police detective wearing 
her usual pink tank top but her trousers were white instead of brown and a pink 
ribbon adorned her tumbling blonde ponytail, Washu, the genius scientist who 
created Ryoko, wearing a red dress and white tights and Princess Aeka, Sasami's 
older sister who was dressed in a pink and white kimono.
"What's going on?" Tenchi asked in a puzzled tone.

Before anyone answered, Sasami entered.  Now she had removed her carrot apron, 
Tenchi realized that she was wearing a dress similar to her normal one but 
instead of being green, it was white.
"What are you waiting for?" she asked in a slightly hurt tone, "Don't you like 
it?"
"Oh, of course we do," Aeka assured her, "We were just waiting for you."
Sasami smiled.
Ryoko and Sasami sat down and started to devour the food when they noticed 
Tenchi hadn't joined them.
"What's wrong Tenchi?" enquired Mihoshi through a mouthful of fish.
Tenchi just stared at them.  All of them were dressed in red, white and pink.
"I don't get it," he said at last, "Why are you all dressed like that?"
"Oh it's quite simple Lord Tenchi," Aeka replied.
"We thought you would know, seeing as it is an earth holiday," Washu said, 
scooping omelette into her mouth.  "Mmm, great omelette Sasami!" she added.
"Huh? I don't know any holidays where you dress up in weird colours."
"Oh you are silly Tenchi," Sasami giggled.
"What?"
"Hello everyone and Happy Valentine's Day."
Tenchi whirled around and saw his Grandfather enter the room.  He then turned 
back to the girls who were all staring at him.  He scratched the back of his 
head sheepishly,
"Oh yeah."
He sat down in between Ryoko and Aeka.
"So Lord Tenchi, where are your traditional coloured robes?"
"What?  Oh, you don't wear special coloured clothes for Valentine's Day," he 
explained as he tried not to laugh at the expressions on the their faces.
The girls all turned to stare at Washu who glanced up from her breakfast,
"What?" She exclaimed.
"You told us that the earth people wear pink, red and white clothes and give 
each other gifts on Valentine's Day," Ryoko shouted, her eyes flashing 
dangerously.
Sensing an argument, Tenchi quickly said,
"Oh we do the gifts part but only to someone you love."
"Oh good," Ryoko sighed, "At least you got something right," she glared at 
Washu.
"Well, I'm sorry," Washu apologized in a sarcastic tone, "I must have 
miscalculated."
"Some genius," Ryoko muttered.
"What did you say?"
"Oh nothing."
"Calm down you two," Mihoshi cried in a worried tone.
"Yes, Miss Washu, Ms Ryoko, you should eat the wonderful breakfast Sasami made 
us," Aeka ordered.
"Shut up Aeka," Ryoko shouted.
"Just eat, will you," Tenchi shouted over the top of all of them.
The table fell silent.
"Much better," he said and they all began to eat once more.

Soon all the food was gone and Tenchi helped Sasami clear the table.
"Thanks Tenchi," Sasami said in an appreciative voice as they piled the plates 
into the sink.
"Your welcome Sasami."
Tenchi looked up at the clock on the wall, 9 o'clock.
"Oh, Sasami, I've got to go up to the field, you don't mind do you?" He smiled 
apologetically.
"No it's okay Tenchi, you go on and I'll finish up here."
"See you later Sasami," he called as he headed through the door and then fell 
flat on his face.
"Tenchi," Sasami shrieked, "Are you alright?"
"Ow," Tenchi moaned as he turned to see what had caused him to fall.
"Meow."
"Ryo-ohki," Sasami squealed happily and scooped her up into her arms, "You 
missed breakfast."
"Meow."
"Silly thing," she scolded, "Look what you did to Tenchi."
Ryo-ohki looked down and mewed sadly.
"It's okay Ryo-ohki, I should look where I'm going," Tenchi laughed as he got 
up, "I've got to go Sasami."
"Bye Tenchi," and she waved him off before going into the house once more.  She 
set Ryo-ohki down and pulled out a bunch of carrots from the fridge.
"Here you are Ryo-ohki," she laughed as Ryo-ohki devoured them hungrily.
She turned back to the washing up and shrieked.  The plate that had been washing 
itself fell to the floor and smashed.
"Oh dear," Ryoko exclaimed as she became visible.
She was wearing rubber gloves, white overalls and her hair was covered with a 
white headscarf.
"Oh, Ryoko, it's only you," Sasami said as she gasped for breath.
"Yeah but did you have to scream and make me drop the plate?" She asked crossly.
"Sorry but you scared me," Sasami explained as she watched Ryoko collect up all 
the pieces and lay them out on the palm of her hand in a plate shape.  "What are 
you doing?"
The pieces in Ryoko's hand glowed and glued themselves together so that the 
plate looked good as new.
"I'm repairing the plate," Ryoko replied, "What does it look like?"
"Oh, well, I think I'll do the rest of the washing up," Sasami said, pulling on 
her apron.
"Okay then," Ryoko agreed as she placed the plate in the cupboard, "I've some 
things to pick up anyway."  And with that, she vanished.
"I wonder what they are?" Sasami asked Ryo-ohki.
Ryo-ohki just meowed through a mouthful of carrot.  She didn't know either.
	
Upstairs, Aeka was wrapping up a reasonably large box in purple paper and tied a 
gold ribbon around it.
"Ah, perfect," she smiled.
This was her seventh attempt.  Ripped paper and strands of ribbon were scattered 
around the room.  She tucked the package under her pillow and then gathered the 
rubbish up and threw it out the window.
"I'll give it to Tenchi later," she decided as she left the room, closing the 
door behind her.
Seconds later, Mihoshi opened the door, checked that the coast was clear and 
then hurried inside.  The door slammed behind her.  She flinched but no one came 
in.  She relaxed and laid the items she was carrying down on the floor.  There 
was a large box, pink ribbon and white paper covered in red hearts.  Mihoshi 
opened out the paper  and placed the box on top of it.  Before wrapping it up, 
she peeked inside and giggled.  She neatly wrapped the package and wrote a note 
on it.  She hid the package in a drawer and then lay down on her bed.  Before 
she drifted off to sleep, the alarm on her wrist bracelet went off.
"Oh, now what?" She moaned.  She pulled her control cube out from under her 
hair.  She rotated it and her pink and white garments changed into her Galaxy 
Police uniform.  Quickly scribbling a note to Tenchi, she rotated her cube once 
more and she popped out of the house muttering as she went,
"I hope I'm back in time for tea."

The washing up finished, Sasami decided to go to see Tenchi up at the fields.
"Do you want to come Ryo-ohki?"
"Meow."
Sasami laughed as Ryo-ohki changed into her humanoid toddler form.  Her little 
dress was pale pink with white frills and a pink bow was tied in her hair.
"Ah, don't you look adorable?" Sasami squealed, grabbing Ryo-ohki's hand and 
they ran out of the house and up to the field.

Tenchi stood back and gazed at the freshly planted field.  He had planted some 
cabbages and some more carrots.  He had about three fields of carrots planted 
just for Ryo-ohki.  He wondered if the vegetable supply back at the house was 
running low.  He decided to pick some peppers, potatoes and, of course, carrots 
to take back with him.  As he began to unearth the selected vegetables, he heard 
laughter behind him.  He turned to see Sasami and Ryo-ohki running towards him.
"Hey," he called.
"Hi Tenchi."
"Meow."
Tenchi picked Ryo-ohki up and hugged her.
"Did you come to watch or help?" He asked.
"We're here to help," Sasami replied.
She pulled on her gloves and helped Ryo-ohki with hers.
"Okay then," she said, "What do you want us to do?"
"Um, could you try and fill that basket with carrots?" Tenchi laughed as Ryo-
ohki hurriedly began digging up the carrots.
"We'll do better than that, we will fill the basket with carrots," Sasami 
grinned as she ran to join Ryo-ohki.

Back at the house, Washu peered through her lab door and listened.
"Nobody around," she muttered, "Good that will mean no interruptions."
She returned to her lab and sat back at her computer.  She began to type 
furiously and a portal appeared beside her.  She continued to type and things 
began flying out of the portal.  Objects of all shapes and sizes arranged 
themselves in rows around the lab.  She stopped typing and her cushion swivelled 
around and began to move between each item.  Washu examined each one in turn.  
Finally,
"I'll take this one," she said pointing to the object she had chosen.
The rest of the items vanished and the portal closed up.  In their place were a 
red box, some white tissue paper and a bundle of white ribbon.  Washu lined the 
box with the tissue paper and placed her present inside.  She placed the lid on 
top and then tied a weird sort of bow around it.  She placed her hand out and a 
hole appeared.  She hid her package in the hole and then waved her hand, causing 
it to disappear.
"I do hope Tenchi likes it," she grinned and then returned to her work.

 	"Is it finished?"  Ryoko asked the man behind the counter.
"Yes, here you are miss," he replied as he handed her a large white box.
"Thank you," Ryoko replied as she handed over her money.
"Your welcome."
Ryoko left the shop and peered into her box.
"Wow!" She whispered, "It's better than I hoped. Only a couple more things to 
pick up and it should be perfect.  I just hope Tenchi likes it." And she 
disappeared from sight, making the people in the street stare in amazement.

	"We're back," Tenchi called as he and Sasami, who was carrying a sleeping 
Ryo-ohki, entered the house.
"Where is everyone?" Sasami asked.
"I'm not sure."
"Well Ryoko went out earlier after I said I'd do the washing up and she must 
still be out.  I don't know where the others are."
"Ryoko was doing the washing up?" Tenchi asked in amazement.
Sasami nodded.
"Wow."
Sasami glanced at the clock on the wall and then exclaimed,
"Oh I've got to prepare lunch."
"Let me help."
"That's alright, I can manage."
"Oh, okay, if you say so," Tenchi shrugged.
Sasami dashed into the kitchen, leaving Tenchi in the hall.  He stood there, 
trying to think of something to do.  He looked down at himself and realized that 
he was covered in dirt.
'I'll go change,' he thought and ran upstairs, into his room.  He pulled open 
his drawers and wondered what to change into.  He thought about the girls and 
decided to make them feel less stupid by wearing some white trousers and a red 
t-shirt.  He put his grubby clothes in the washing basket and then went back 
downstairs.  He caught the smell of chicken drifting from the kitchen and he 
could also hear voices.  He crept up to the door and listened.
"Wow Ryoko, that looks great."
"You think so?"
"Yeah, and the other bits are lovely too."
"Thanks Sasami but remember, not a word to Tenchi.  I want them to be a 
surprise."
Before he could move away from the door, Ryoko phased through it, carrying an 
assortment of boxes.  She looked startled to see him there.
"How long were you listening?" She asked suspiciously.
"Not long," Tenchi replied quickly.
Ryoko eyed him and then shrugged,
"Alright, I believe you," and she floated upstairs.

"Ah, this is relaxing," Ryoko sighed as she lay down in the warm water of the 
onsen.
"I'll agree with you on that one Ms. Ryoko," Aeka said as she lay down as well.
It was after lunch and the girls, except for Mihoshi as she wasn't there and 
Sasami because she was cleaning up, had decided to take a bath.  They all 
dressed in swimsuits, a purple bikini for Ryoko, a red swimming costume for Aeka 
and a green one for Washu.  Washu and Aeka had a bath towel wrapped around them.
"It's the perfect day for it as well," Washu added.
"Mmm, nice weather for February."
"We should have this Valentine's Day thing back on Planet Jurai," Aeka said.
"Yeah, then you could celebrate it over there and leave Tenchi to me," Ryoko 
laughed.
"I would never leave Lord Tenchi with you, the only reason I ever helped him 
rescue you was because he wanted to, I was always against it but I helped him 
anyway," Aeka shouted.
"Yeah, he wanted to rescue me, so he obviously likes me best.  He's never wanted 
to rescue you."
"That's because I'm not stupid enough to get captured," Aeka sneered.
"Who are you calling stupid Princess?"
"You of course."
"You are such a spoilt brat, you think you deserve Tenchi but what have you ever 
done for him?" Ryoko asked furiously.
"Um, um, er..."
"Exactly."
"Alright, what have you done for him?"
"Let's see, I risked my life by fighting Kagato for him."
"I did that too."
"You mean you tried to but failed miserably, you couldn't survive one hit from 
him, plus, you almost let him find out how to use the sword."
"Ow, you..."
"Alright already, will you two break it up?" shouted Washu.
"Fine but I think he'll like my gift best," Aeka declared.
"What?  Unlikely.  My gift is probably better," Washu retorted.
"No, I'm sure he'll like mine better Miss Washu."
"I don't think so Miss Aeka."
"Ms. Ryoko, don't you usually have something incorrect to say about yourself?"  
Aeka enquired.
Ryoko didn't answer.
"You don't have a gift do you?"  Aeka sneered.
Still Ryoko said nothing.
"I knew it, you have nothing for him.  That's a wonderful way to show him how 
you feel.  I will defiantly have the best gift then, not that you could ever top 
anything I pick," Aeka laughed cruelly.
Ryoko got up and left but as she went she muttered to herself,
"We'll just see, won't we?"
Aeka lay back in the bath and smiled.
Suddenly, she sat bolt upright as a loud rumbling sounded from overhead.  She 
and Washu gazed up and saw Yukinojo, Mihoshi's space ship, appear above them.
"Oh no," Aeka screamed and ran from the bath.  
Washu however, began typing in midair and her computer appeared.  She created a 
portal for Yukinojo to fit into and then directed the ship towards it.  The 
portal swallowed the ship and then Mihoshi appeared beside Washu.
"Thank you Washu."
"Your welcome and might I add that you made a perfect landing for a change."
"Well, it's a special occasion and I didn't want to spoil it," and she blushed.
"Let me guess, you got Tenchi a gift too."
"How'd you guess?"
"Well, your body temperature has increased, the blood vessels in your cheeks 
have opened, your heart is beating faster and everyone has gotten Tenchi a gift, 
well, except for Sasami and Ryoko."
"What?  Oh, I was hoping to be the only one," Mihoshi whined.
"Sorry to burst your bubble."
"So what did the Galaxy Police want?"
"Oh just the usual report."
"Ah huh."
There was silence for a moment then,
"So what did you get Tenchi anyway?"

'I'm so bored,' Tenchi thought as he swept the steps of his grandfather's 
shrine.
Nothing had happened at all today except for the mysterious conversation between 
Ryoko and Sasami and the scene at breakfast.  Now everyone had disappeared.
"Where is everyone?" He muttered as he finished sweeping.
He sat down on the steps and tried to think.  Just then his grandfather came 
out.
"Tenchi, now you've finished sweeping, you must clean the windows."
"Okay Grandpa."
"But you can do it later, first, go and bring me a snack from the house."
Tenchi groaned but lay down his broom and dashed back to the house.  He went 
into the deserted kitchen and began to look for some food.  As he looked he came 
across a large white box.
"I wonder what this is?" He murmured.
He lifted the lid and was about to peek inside when it slammed shut on his hand.
"Yeow!" He yelled as the box was pulled away.
He nursed his hand and looked up to see Ryoko floating above him clutching the 
box closely to her chest.
"What did you do that for?" He asked crossly.
"You shouldn't look at my things without permission," was her reply.
"Well I didn't know it was yours and if you don't want people to look at it then 
you should keep it in a better place."
Ryoko scowled and then vanished.
"What is with her today?  She's being very secretive."
He grabbed a snack from the fridge and ran back to the shrine.
"Here you are Grandpa."
"Thank you Tenchi, now get cleaning."
"Humph," Tenchi moaned as he filled a bucket with water and began to wipe the 
grime from the glass.

"La ta tee la ta ta," Ryoko sang as she twirled in front of the mirror.
Her new kimono was so beautiful.  It was pale pink with gold flowers embroidered 
all over it and it had no sleeves.  Ryoko wondered if it would remind Tenchi of 
the time that she had ripped his mother's, but she decided to risk it, as it was 
such a lovely outfit.  Her new slippers were beautiful as well.  They were made 
of green satin and embroidered with gold leaves.
"I can't wait 'til tonight," she muttered as she danced around the room.  "Today 
has gone quite smoothly except for twice when Tenchi almost found out about his 
surprises."
Suddenly there was a loud knocking outside her door made her jump.
"Ms. Ryoko, I demand to come in this instance," Aeka's voice thundered.
'Oh no,' Ryoko thought.
Quickly, she phased out of her kimono and slippers and into her original outfit.  
She gathered all her parcels up and then vanished just as Aeka burst in.
"Ms. Ryoko... Where'd she go?"
Aeka looked around and spotted something on the floor.  She picked it up.  It 
was a green slipper embroidered with gold leaves.
"Hmm, what's this?  It is very beautiful but what's it doing here?"
She put the slipper in her pocket and left the room, calling for Ryoko.
Ryoko reappeared in the room.
"The little thief, that's my slipper."
Her outfit would look very stupid with only one slipper and how was she going to 
get it back from Aeka?  Then she grinned wickedly.  She hid her parcels amongst 
her other clothes and then phased through the wall to Aeka's room.
"Let's see if I can find something precious of Aeka's to blackmail her with," 
and she began to rummage around.  She eventually came across a purple package.
"Perfect," she smiled as she scooped it up and then vanished.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"
The scream echoed through the house.
Everyone ran upstairs to Aeka's room to find her on her hands and knees looking 
for something.
"Miss Aeka, what's the matter?" Tenchi asked in a worried tone.
"Oh, Lord Tenchi, it's awful.  Someone has stolen my special package," Aeka 
sobbed.
She looked up at the crowd and scowled.
"I should've known," she screeched, "Where is she? When I find her I'll..."
"Miss Aeka, calm down," Tenchi shouted.
"Yeah Princess, you're giving us a headache," Ryoko said as her head phased 
through the wall.
"You, what did you do with it?"
"With what Princess?"
"My package, I know you have it."
"Hmm, let's see," Ryoko teased, "Oh, you mean this one?" And she produced the 
purple parcel from thin air.
"Yes, that's it now give it back Ms. Ryoko."
"Oh, I don't think so, not until you give back the thing you stole from me."
"I did not steal anything from you.  All your stuff is too common for my 
superior taste."
"You did so take something from me now give it back."
"I don't have anything."
"Ryoko, just give Miss Aeka her parcel," Tenchi ordered.
"But Tenchi..." Ryoko began but Tenchi cut across her,
"No buts, give it back."
"Fine!" Ryoko shouted, throwing the package to Aeka, "There you go, are you 
happy?  I know you have my slipper Princess but you're too spoilt to give it 
back." And with that she floated out of the wall and up through the roof.
"Slipper?" Aeka muttered.
As everyone left she pulled the silk shoe from her pocket.
"This is what she wanted?"
She put it back in her pocket and left the room.

"Ah, perfect," Sasami declared as she put the final touches to her meal.
 She and the other girls had planned a dinner party for that evening.  Of 
course, Sasami was doing all the cooking but she had enjoyed herself.  She had 
created platters of sushi, chicken, salad, cakes, rice, noodles, sweet potatoes 
and ice cream.  She pulled the pink tablecloth from a drawer and spread it over 
the table in the dining room.  She set out the plates and chopsticks and lit two 
white candles.  Aeka and Washu had been in already and hung pink, red and white 
balloons everywhere as well as streamers and paper hearts.
"It's going to look beautiful tonight," she sighed, "what do you think Ryo-
ohki?"
"Meow!" Ryo-ohki seemed impressed.
"Wow, it's beautiful Sasami."
Sasami turned to see Mihoshi standing in the doorway munching on a rice cracker.
"Thanks Mihoshi.  Tonight's party's gonna be great."
Mihoshi grinned,
"Come on Sasami, let's get changed for the party."

	There was a knock at Tenchi's door.
"Come in," he called.
It was Sasami.  She was dressed in a dress similar to the one Ryo-ohki had been 
wearing earlier except that the colours were reversed and she had two pink bows 
in her hair, one on each of her plaited bunchies.
"Cute outfit," Tenchi laughed.
"Thanks, um Tenchi, could you come down stairs please?"
"Sure, what is it Sasami?"
"I can't tell you," Sasami said as she pushed him out of the door, "Come on."
She pulled him down the stairs and towards the living room.
"Now close your eyes," she laughed.
"Why?"
"Just do it."
"Okay."
Sasami guided him towards the door, opened it and pushed Tenchi through.
"Can I open them now?" Tenchi asked.
Sasami didn't answer.
"Sasami?"
Tenchi opened his eyes.
"SURPRISE!"
There stood Washu, Aeka, Mihoshi and Sasami surrounded by balloons, streamers 
and paper hearts.
"Happy Valentine's Day Tenchi," Sasami said as Tenchi gazed in wonder at them.

They had all changed their clothes.  Mihoshi had on a tight fitting red skirt 
with a slit up the side and a white cropped blouse and her hair was hanging 
loose around her shoulders.  Washu was in her adult form and had on a pair of 
pink semi-transparent trousers and a thin white strip across her chest for a top 
and her hair was tied back in a spiky ponytail fastened with a butterfly clip 
that moved realistically.  Aeka was dressed in a long pink dress with a heart 
shape hole cut in the middle revealing her navel and her hair was in one long 
sweeping plait.  Each of them had a parcel clutched in their hands.
"Here you are Tenchi," Aeka blushed, handing the purple package to Tenchi.
"Thank you Miss Aeka."
"This is from me," Washu said, knocking Aeka out the way and handing Tenchi her 
present.
Tenchi stood there with the parcels.
"Well open it Tenchi," Aeka said.
"No, open mine first," Washu yelled.
"No mine."
"Mine,"
"Mine."
Then Mihoshi stepped forward and handed Tenchi her present.
"Thanks Mihoshi," Tenchi said and pulled off the paper.
He opened the box and pulled out a blue jumper with the name MIHOSHI sewn on in 
pink.
"Thank you Mihoshi, it's... what I've always wanted."
He put it back in its box and opened Aeka's gift.  Inside was another jumper 
except this one was purple with the name AEKA sewn on in yellow.
"Thank you Miss Aeka, now I have two new jumpers."
He turned to the final parcel and opened it only to discover yet another jumper.  
This one was pink with the name WASHU sewn on in green.
"Three new jumpers, how wonderful," Tenchi mumbled.
"You copied me," Aeka shouted at Mihoshi and Washu.
"No you copied me," Washu shouted back.
"Will you two please calm down," Mihoshi begged, "It was my idea first."
"Why you..."
"Look at the time," Tenchi said quickly, "Isn't it dinner time?"
Everyone sat down around the table and they were all about to dig in when Tenchi 
realized something.
"Hey, where's Ryoko?"
"I don't know Lord Tenchi, I haven't seen her since she stole my package."
"Well, I'd better go find her," Tenchi said and left the room.
He searched downstairs and then went upstairs.  He checked her room and his, the 
bathroom and the attic.  He finally decided to look in the room that Mihoshi, 
Sasami and Aeka shared.  He peered in but he couldn't see her.  He was about to 
leave when he saw something on Aeka's bed.  He crept in and picked it up.  It 
was a green slipper.
"This must be the one that Ryoko was after," he muttered and put it in his 
pocket.
He looked out the window and saw a small light in the middle of the cherry 
trees.  He realized that it was coming from the teahouse.
"That must be Ryoko," he whispered.
He ran back down stairs and outside.  He ran up the stone steps to the teahouse 
and peered inside.  Ryoko was sitting alone, drinking sake by candlelight.  In 
front of her was a white cloth with two plates, a knife and a large white box.  
Tenchi looked back at Ryoko and noticed that she was wearing a sleeveless pink 
kimono embroidered with gold flowers and had one slipper on her foot.  The 
memory of his mother's kimono came to mind but he waved it aside.  Ryoko looked 
beautiful.  He gazed at her with dreamy eyes when a thought hit him.  He ran 
back towards the house.

	Ryoko sighed; she was so lonely.  She hadn't gone to the party because she 
didn't think Tenchi would want her around after she had taken Aeka's gift.  
Also, she didn't want to look silly by showing up wearing only one slipper.  She 
poured herself some sake and began to sip it.  She stared at the items before 
her.  The plates were spotless and the silver knife reflected the moonlight.  
She loved this teahouse; it was solitary and private.  Just then she heard 
footsteps echoing outside.  She got up and saw Tenchi running back towards the 
house.  She sighed once more.
'He obviously doesn't want to be with me,' she thought miserably.
She opened the box and looked at what it contained.
"Oh, what a waste of money.  I got this especially for Tenchi and me to eat, 
well, I might as well eat it alone."
She was about to lift it out of the box when there was a knock on the teahouse 
door.
"Ryoko, can I come in?"
It was Tenchi.  Ryoko leapt up and pulled the door open.  There stood Tenchi.  
He had changed out of his t-shirt and trousers and was now dressed in his shrine 
robes.
"So?" he said, "Can I come in?"
Ryoko stood back to let him in.  As she closed the door she asked,
"Why aren't you at the party?"
"I was going to ask you the same thing," Tenchi laughed.
They sat down and there was silence.  Tenchi fidgeted nervously and Ryoko 
twirled her hair.  Then Tenchi remembered something.
"Oh," Tenchi said and reached into his pocket and produced the slipper, "I 
believe this is yours."
Ryoko nodded and Tenchi slipped it on to her foot.  She then picked up the box 
and lifted its contents out.  It was a cake. It was a heart shaped strawberry 
sponge covered in pink icing and had the word ALWAYS iced on it in white icing.  
On either side of the cake was a little marzipan figure.  One looked like Ryoko 
and the other like Tenchi.
"Wow!" Tenchi whispered in amazement.
"Do you like it?" Ryoko asked.
"It's wonderful, it looks too good to eat," Tenchi replied.
"Well I bought it for us to eat together but if you don't want to..."
"No, we'll eat it, together."
Ryoko smiled, poured some sake into the cups and cut the cake.

	"Where is Lord Tenchi?" Aeka shouted.
They had been waiting for ages and he had not returned.  Just then, Ryo-ohki 
bounded into the room, clutching an item of clothing in her mouth.  Aeka ran 
from the table and snatched it up, Ryo-ohki still clinging to it.
"This is Tenchi's shirt," she exclaimed as Ryo-ohki fell to the ground, "The one 
he was wearing earlier."
She bent down and put on her sweetest and innocent face.
"Please, you sweet thing, do you know where he is?" She asked Ryo-ohki.
Ryo-ohki replied,
"Meow, meow, meow, meow."
Aeka's teeth began to clench.  She grabbed Ryo-ohki around the middle and began 
to shake her wildly.
"I cannot understand you!" She screeched.
Sasami snatched Ryo-ohki away from her.
"Sis, stop.  You're hurting her."
"Sasami. We need to find Lord Tenchi.  He went looking for Ryoko and..." she 
trailed off.  "Urrg!  I should have known," she growled, slamming her fists on 
the table, "How could I forget her! She's probably taken Lord Tenchi off to some 
private place, all alone.  How dare she!"
"Miss Aeka, please calm down," Mihoshi cried.
"No, we have to find Lord Tenchi," Aeka shouted.
She collapsed on the floor,
"But we don't know where to start," she moaned.
"Ryo-ohki could help," Sasami chirped.
She hugged Ryo-ohki tightly,
"You'll help us won't you?"
Ryo-ohki looked away.
"For five carrots?" Aeka grimaced.
Ryo-ohki's face lit up.
"Meow," she replied in agreement.
"Oh thank you," Aeka smiled happily, "Now, let's go."
Ryo-ohki bounded out the room, the others not far behind. 
 
	"Mmm, that was the best cake ever," Tenchi remarked as he finished the 
last remaining crumbs on his plate.
"Really?" Ryoko asked.
"Uh huh."
Ryoko grinned.  They lay back and stared at the sky.  The only sound that could 
be heard was the rustle of leaves.
'This is just what I wanted,' Ryoko thought happily, 'A night alone with 
Tenchi.'
The alcohol started to take affect and she and Tenchi drifted into a deep sleep.
Suddenly, there was the sound of footsteps outside.  Tenchi and Ryoko awoke with 
a start just as the door of the teahouse was ripped off its hinges.  There stood 
Sasami, Washu, Mihoshi and a fuming Aeka.
"Lord Tenchi, there you are!" She shouted.
"Well, well, well.  Look who's here," Ryoko snarled.
"What were you doing in here?" Aeka shrieked as she threw the door to one side.
"Eating," was Ryoko's answer.
"Hah! You expect me to believe that?" Aeka laughed.
"I didn't think you would Princess.  You can't take the truth."
"How dare you," Aeka screamed.
"Uh oh," Tenchi muttered.
The magical force field that Aeka had used to keep Ryo-ohki captive the first 
time Tenchi met Ryoko was beginning to form inside the teahouse.
"Miss Aeka, settle down," he cried.
"No, this woman must be disciplined."
"But Miss Aeka, we were eating."
The force field vanished.
"What?"
"Ryoko and I have just finished eating the cake she had made."
"You mean you spent the evening with her instead of at the party?" She asked, 
her voice shrill.
Tenchi nodded.
"No, this cannot be true."
She glared at Ryoko, who just stood there looking at the ceiling.
"What have you done to him?" She growled.
"Hey!  I didn't do anything," Ryoko protested
"I don't believe you.  You must have brainwashed him somehow," Aeka shouted, 
"Why would he want to spend all this time with you?"
"I don't know," Ryoko yelled, "I guess he likes me."
"Nonsense.  What would he see in a monster like you?"
Ryoko burst into tears.
"You are so mean!" She cried and she disappeared.
"Ryoko come back!" Tenchi shouted as he pushed his way out of the door.
Washu, Mihoshi and Sasami stood staring at Aeka in disbelief.
"Oh dear," Aeka murmured.
"Aeka, you're so selfish," Sasami declared.
"But Sasami..."
"She's right Aeka," Washu butted in, "Tenchi was here because he chose to be."
"So?"
"Well, if you were thinking of him, you would have left him to it when you found 
that out, but instead you spoilt it because it was Ryoko he was with and not 
you!" Washu finished.
Aeka just stood there with her mouth opening and shutting, though no sound came 
out.
"Miss Aeka, that was a very bad thing to do," Mihoshi said, shaking her finger.
Washu looked at her.
"Mihoshi, did you even understand what I said?"  Washu asked, knowing that 
Mihoshi had a habit of saying things without thinking. 
Mihoshi thought for a minute then grinned apologetically.
"Not really!"
Washu reached out to strangle Mihoshi but just then, Tenchi returned.
"I can't find her," he panted and he glared at Aeka.
Aeka blushed and began,
"Tenchi, I'm sorry, I..."
But Tenchi cut across her,
"Save the apologies for later," he waved, "We've got to find her."
"I'll see if I can contact her," Washu suggested.
"Good, telepathy might work," Tenchi said enthusiastically, "Now, everyone else, 
you can help me look for her."
They nodded.  Tenchi glanced at Aeka.
"You will help us won't you Miss Aeka?" He asked.
Aeka stared at the ground biting her lip.  Then she looked up at Tenchi's 
determined face and nodded.
"Good," Tenchi smiled.  He turned to the others, "Now, let's go."
And they split up and ran into the trees.

	"Spoilt Princess," Ryoko scowled as she sat on the roof of Tenchi's house.
Her kimono was now a deep blue satin cat suit and her slippers, white leather 
boots.  She stared up at the cloudless sky where the moon shone a brilliant 
white.
"Meow."
Ryoko looked down and saw Ryo-ohki sitting beside her.
"Oh, hello Ryo-ohki."
Ryo-ohki leapt up and jumped into her lap and Ryoko scratched her behind the 
ears.
"Ryoko," a faraway voice called.
Ryoko ignored it.
"Ryoko," it called again.
Still Ryoko ignored it
"RYOKO!" The voice was louder and sounded angry.
"What do you want?" Ryoko answered.
"To find you."
"Why?"
"Ryoko," it said sternly.
"What?"
"Where are you?"
"Why should I tell you?"
"Because I'm your mother!" It barked.
"Okay!  I'm on the roof of Tenchi's house."
"Good girl," Washu's voice echoed and faded away.
"What was all that all about?" Ryoko muttered to Ryo-ohki.
"Meow."

	"Tenchi," Washu called, "I've found her."
Tenchi came running towards her as fast as he could.
"Where?" He bellowed.
"She's at your house."
"But I've already checked there," Tenchi explained.
"Did you look everywhere?" Washu asked, raising an eyebrow.
"Yes."
"You sure?"
"Washu, just tell me."
Washu sighed heavily.
"She's on the roof."
"Oh!  I didn't look there," Tenchi laughed sheepishly.
"I didn't think so."
"Well, let's go," Tenchi said and sped off towards his house.
Washu shrugged and followed him.

"Ms. Ryoko, Ms. Ryoko," Aeka's voice drifted up from the ground.
"Ryoko, where are you?" Sasami's voice echoed.
"Oh, where did she go?" Mihoshi moaned.
Ryoko laughed as she watched them scurry around below looking for her.  She 
looked around to see where Tenchi and her 'mom' were.  She spotted them amongst 
the trees, heading for the house.  She sat still and whispered to Ryo-ohki,
"Don't make a sound."
She watched as Tenchi greeted Mihoshi, Aeka and Sasami and then pointed to the 
roof.
'Damn Washu,' Ryoko frowned as she saw them run into the house, 'She must have 
told him where I was.'
She tried to get up but she couldn't move.
"Hey!" She exclaimed angrily, "What's going on?"
"You're not going anywhere young lady," Washu's voice answered.
"Hey, no fair," Ryoko protested as the others emerged onto the roof.
"Ryoko," Tenchi said with relief, "We've been looking for you everywhere."
"I know," Ryoko mumbled, "I watched you."
"Ms. Ryoko, why did you run off like that and cause us all the trouble of 
looking for you?" Aeka shouted.  "I can't believe how selfish you..." She 
trailed off when she realized that everyone was staring at her.
"I think you owe Ryoko an apology Miss Aeka," Tenchi hissed.
"But..."
Tenchi glared.
"Oh, alright."  She turned to Ryoko, "I'm sorry Ms. Ryoko," she said.
"Apology accepted," Ryoko answered, "Though it would have been better if you 
didn't have to be told to say sorry."
Aeka glowered but said nothing.
"Um, Tenchi," Ryoko asked, "Could I talk to you alone for a moment?"
"Sure Ryoko," Tenchi sounded confused but he motioned the others back into the 
house and then sat down beside Ryoko.
"What is it?" He asked.
Ryoko stared at her feet and then said,
"I'm sorry."
"What for Ryoko?"
"For ruining your evening.  I shouldn't have tried to keep you to myself and 
should've gone to the party.  None of this would have happened if I had, and I'm 
sorry."
"Ryoko," Tenchi began.
"Tenchi, I understand if you don't want to be with me."
"Ryoko," Tenchi took her hand in his, "This is the best Valentine's Day I've 
ever had.  I had fun and, and..." he paused.
"What is it Tenchi?"
"I love you," he finished.
"You, you do?"
"Yes."
"I love you too Tenchi."
Tenchi smiled and produced something from his pocket.  It was a small black 
velvet box.  He handed it to Ryoko who opened it and gasped.
"Oh Tenchi.  It's beautiful," she sobbed as she pulled out a silver chain with 
two golden hearts attached to it.  
Engraved on the hearts were the words 'Forever Yours'.  Tenchi took the necklace 
from Ryoko and fastened it around her neck.
"It looks great on you," he said.
He leant towards her and kissed her on the cheek.
"Goodnight Ryoko and Happy Valentine's Day."  And he went back inside.
Ryoko looked down at the necklace and then hugged herself.
"Well," she said to Ryo-ohki, "Tonight turned out better than I had hoped." And 
she giggled.
"Meow," Ryo-ohki replied in approval.
"Come on," Ryoko said, "Let's go inside." And she scooped Ryo-ohki up in her 
arms and the two of them went back into the house.

THE END

