Tenchi Muyo in love: Venom.

	Tenchi Muyo and Venom are not mine I am borrowing the Concept of
Venom and the characters of Tenchi. Please don't sue me.

	I got some mail concerning this fic a little while ago saying
that this guy is more like Carnage. I don't think he is. Many people
forget that Venom is supposed to be scary. He is one of the few things
that scares the living crap out of Spider man. Venom when he was
originally created was the Anti-Spider man, Venom is an insane maniac, he
killed quite a few people to get to the web slinger and rationalized it
by saying they weren't innocents. He is obsessive and destructive, he is
a villain. Turning him into a hero of sorts is one of the big reasons I
quit reading Spider man a while back. That and the fact that it was
becoming to moody, I like moody tales but Spider man is supposed to be
light hearted. Venom, when he is at his best, is a villain. The fact that
he thinks he is heroic is part of his appeal. I also noticed that Tenchi
is allot like Spider man. He's sort of a reluctant hero.
At any rate I shall now quit babbling and get to the fic.

	Tenchi Muyo: Venom

	Tenchi was not getting much sleep recently. Not since the night
in Tokyo where he discovered his newest problem. He had been home now for
almost two weeks. He sat up in bed screaming again. Washu was at a loss
to explain what the thing in the hotel was and every one watched the news
every night for a week after it happened waiting for it to strike again.
Hoping that the Tokyo police department would capture it. If only to ease
Tenchi's uneasiness. The boys in the room were his friends, and now they
were gone. Ryoko had returned several times to Tokyo in fruitless
attempts to capture the thing she had battled in the room. That was when
Tenchi started getting letters. 

	Tenchi looked at the now vacant seats in his class and frowned.
No one had spoken of the students except in private. He saw one of the
girls looking sadly at one of the seats in particular. He glanced at the
teacher, and noticed that his gaze often shifted to the missing seats as
well. He sighed and stood as the bell rang and the students all stood and
bowed to the teacher before walking out of the room to their respective
lockers. He waved casually to some aquaintences nearby who smiled and
waved back. "Ohaiyou Tenchi san." said a pleasant voice behind him. He
turned and saw Kei smiling at him nervously. 
	"Ohaiyou." he replied and smiled politely.  
	"I just wanted to tell you Gino Kun will be back tomorrow." she
said.
	"Why is that?" he asked her.
	"Well I thought you might like to know, since you were both
attacked by it. I've noticed every one has been really shaken up by all
this especially you." she said frowning and looking fairly distant.
	"I'm sorry about your cousin, he was a good friend." said Tenchi
as he left her to her thoughts.
	"Yes." she said half heartedly.
	Then he found it in his locker, it was scrawled in the rough
lettering normaly used for Monsters and Youma in Manga. "Tenchi I'm
coming for you. Venom." it said. He stared at it in disbelief.

	Gino smirked as he walked away from the school. He would enjoy
killing Musaki slowly. "Revenge, for both of us." he chimed cheerily as
he walked. He turned a corner and saw something unusual. A man was
holding up an elderly couple. He frowned, "How cliche' our hero gets
super powers and the first thing he gets is a stupid mugging." he
muttered as his other began to move with excitement. "I suppose we could
just kill all of them?" he wondered out loud.
	Gino walked over just as the older man grabbed reflexively at the
mugger as he went for the old woman's pearls . The young punk turned
pushed him to the ground, sneered and shot him three times in the chest.
The woman screamed fell to the mans side. "No witnesses." said the boy.
And blew her brains out quite calmly. 
	"You shouldn't have done that." said Gino as he walked up to the
boy. He was actually about twenty from the look of him and was dressed in
a black leather jacket that screamed 'Arrest me!' Gino smiled as the boy
grinned and turned the gun on him. 
	"If you had kept quiet I might not have noticed you kid and I
wouldn't have had to do this." he said and fired a few rounds into Gino's
chest.
	"I was supposed to save them, Oh well, I guess I'm not cut out to
be a hero anyway, I'll just settle for cold vengeance." said Gino as
several black tendrils shot from his clothes and caught the bullets a
foot or so from his body. The punk not being quite -that- dumb Hauled
ass. Gino casually reached and pointed his arm at the boy. It turned into
a large black spike and shot out twenty feet when the boy was only
fifteen feet away leaving Gino standing with one bare leg. He looked down
at his leg and sighed. "I guess it was just a little to far." he said and
retracted his arm as the boy fell to his knees and died. Gino walked over
to him and kicked him over as the boy let out his last gasp. "Probly a
Juraian anyway." he snorted as he looked into the boys dark blue eyes. "I
guess not." he snorted as the other told him that this was indeed a
human.

	The next day Gino returned to school. He walked into class and
was greeted by Kei. "Gino Kun!" she cried happily as she ran up to him
and wrapped her arms around his neck. "I'm so glad your back!" she said.
	"She's crying." he thought as he reluctantly returned the hug in
front of the whole class.
	"Wow she's got it bad." said one of the girls across the room
quietly to her friend. The friend only nodded.
	Gino looked at them and tried to pretend he hadn't heard. It
wouldn't do to give it all away, not now. He looked at Musaki as he sat
smiling at him like a cheshire cat. "Its nice to see him back, she was
worried." he seemed to say to himself.
 	Gino suppressed a growl. "So thats what they meant." he thought
bitterly.
	He stepped out of the embrace and Kei looked at him oddly. "Is
something wrong Gino kun?" she asked in a worried tone. 
	"Excellent acting." thought Gino.
	"No, its just, They're not here ya know." he said. "Heh, I can
act too." he thought privately.
	"I understand." she said and sat in her seat next to him.
	Class went on uninterrupted. 

	Tenchi stood in front of his locker a week later and sighed. He
was here alone today, school was over and he had clean up duty that day.
He finished later than usual and had to go pick up his books. He frowned
as he saw the note he knew would be there. "I'm beginning to think this
is some sort of sick joke." he muttered to himself as he pulled it off.
He opened it and his face fell. He looked up and down the hall nervously
and began to run towards the stairs that would take him out of the
building. The note hit the floor. "I'm here." it said.
	From the shadows two eyes glowed and began to move after him.
"Heh, Tenchi we'll chase you to the ends of the universe." it said
giddily in its inhuman voice as it sank into the floor.
	Tenchi turned down the hall and headed towards the stairs that
lead to the first floor. He stopped cold. There was a huge hole in the
ceiling as if something had ripped its way down to the second floor.
	"We told you we were here. Your girlfriend won't save you this
time." it giggled as it appeared from the shadows near my.
	Tenchi felt as if he could choke on his own heart. "What do you
want from me?" he said shakily.
	"Your life." it said as if it were giving him the time. "And the
life of every Juraian on this planet." it continued as it slowly
advanced. 
	It reached out for him and spikes grew from its hand as it slowly
grew. Venom cocked its arm back and prepared to strike. Tenchi closed his
eyes and put his arms up defensively. 


	Nothing happened. Tenchi looked around to find he was alone. He
fell to his knees and hit the ground in frustration. "Why are you doing
this to me?!" he cried at the empty halls. He turned and made his way out
of the school. As he walked out of the front doors he heard his name. He
froze in fear twenty feet outside the door. He slowly turned and looked
back into the building as someone said his name again. It sounded
different than the other voice. He looked back and saw his friend Ida.
The boy who's head had landed on his chest. He gasped and backed away in
horror. The boy looked like he had been put back together with glue. He
was standing but the places where he had been ripped apart were very
clear, his intestines were in a pile at his feet. "You couldn't protect
me, what makes you think you can protect your family from it?" said the
Ida thing. With that the doors to the school slammed shut and Tenchi was
overwhelmed by the maddening silence. He turned and ran all the way home
never daring to look back for fear of what he might see.
TbC....
	SendC&C to Catbert25@juno.com
