Tenchi Muyo in love: Venom. part2

I do not own Tenchi Muyo or any of the related characters. Venom is owned by
Marvel inc. All characters are used without permission.

	Tenchi sat in his room and stared at the ceiling. His mind filled with
questions and deep thoughts about his mother and his family. The other boys in
his room had been asleep for hours. The trip had been delayed because one of
the students had vanished at the tower and had still not been found. Tenchi
remembered seeing his girlfriend crying the poor thing had been hysterical. He
looked at the window and sighed. He could still see the tower in the distance,
and once again it held his destiny. He felt uneasy staring at it and slowly
began to doze.
	Gino stumbled around the streets of Tokyo alone, well as alone as he could be
at the moment. His head was filled with images and small bits of information.
The shattered and incomplete memories of the thing. It relayed its mind over
and over. There wasn't much there, it didn't know what it had been or even
much about itself, only  that it hated those beings it could remember in its
mind. Tenchi was one of those people. The others he did not know, only that
the woman was long since dead. One thing caught Gino's mind. Jurai, Musaki
wasn't even human. This played through his own mind over and over. He wasn't
even a man. He hated him more than ever. 
	Gino looked at himself in a puddle on the ground and smiled. "OK. You win."
he said to the thing on him. It wrapped around him and let out a cry that
could only be described as a victory yell. Gino looked at the new him, no
-them-. He smiled revealing rows of sharp teeth. His body was several times
larger and more muscular that it had been. He stared at the black thing in the
puddle looking back at him with its huge wild eyes. "So there we are." he said
and began to walk again. he felt the thing slide back to cover him as clothes
again. "Musaki I'm coming for you." he said with a smile.
	Tenchi woke with a start. looked at the clock and frowned. he had only been
asleep for an hour. He felt a cold chill as the voice rang out in his head
once again. "Musaki I'm coming for you." it said in a not quite human voice. A
voice that was horribly familiar yet strange to him.
	Gino walked into the hotel where his class was staying. With a thought his
clothes shifted to the uniform of one of the employees, a bell boy. He walked
up the stairs towards the rooms where his classmates were staying. His smile
broadened with each step he took until it was no longer a human grin. He
stopped when someone addressed him and turned slightly. 
	Yami had a hard night and was getting tired of all the lazy little brats that
the executives had hired as help. He saw yet another useless boy wandering the
halls with empty arms. "Hey what do you think your doing without a..." his
voice trailed as he saw the boys face. He stepped back and gasped. The boy had
an inhuman grin on his face that revealed rows of pointed teeth, an impossibly
long tounge darted in and out of the mouth as it seemed to think for a moment.
	"No delays." said Gino and he raised his arm. It turned black and shot out
seven feet longer growing claws and tendrils as it went, his hand grew three
times larger as he slammed the poor mans head through the wall and into a
vacant room. Unfortunately his body stayed outside the room. Gino turned and
continued walking away from the twitching and spraying body. "Sorry we can't
afford delays old man. We have to kill Musaki." said Gino as he calmly entered
an elevator.
	
	Tenchi felt cold as the night drew on. He looked at the clock again and
frowned. He had been feeling more and more uneasy since the trip to Tokyo
tower. He heard something in the hall. He got out of bed and pulled out the
sword. He frowned as the door cracked open. He silently checked on his
sleeping roommates and ignited the sword, he moved and waited by the door
trying to use his body to shield the light from the sword. Something stepped
in the room silently. 
	"Tenchi." it said quietly. Tenchi braced himself and stepped in behind the
intruder. Don't move." he said quietly. It froze for a moment and chuckled
nervously.
	"Tenchi its me." said a familiar voice.
	"Ryoko?" said Tenchi with a slightly unnerved voice as the sword died down.

	Ryoko and Tenchi stood in the hall together and Tenchi was not happy. "Ryoko
what do you think your doing?" he said looking embarrassed and angry at the
same time. "I'm not the only one in that room you know." he said trying to
keep his voice down.
	"Yea too bad." commented Ryoko lightly. 
	"Thats not what I meant." retorted Tenchi blushing.
	"Thats not why I'm here." said Ryoko calmly. Tenchi stared at her. "Tenchi I
've felt weird ever since we left Tokyo tower. I can't explain it something
just feels not right." she said looking at him seriously. 
	Tenchi looked suprised for a moment and nodded his agreement. "Your right
something doesn't seem right. With Gino-san's disappearance and all." 
	 "Tenchi...we're the only ones -here-" said Ryoko with a devilish smile.

	Gino walked into the hallway and smiled as he heard voices. He smelled the
blood of a Juraian. He crept into the room that the odor emanated from. He
frowned as the inhabitants looked at him from their suitcases. This was not
Tenchi's room. The Juraian blood in these was small, menial at best. A small
child looked at him with smile.	He looked into the little girls eyes, her
purple eyes, they eyes of a Juraian. Gino frowned.
	"Who are you?" asked the man, obviously the father. Gino looked at him
blankly. He hadn't thought about that. He couldn't give his real name he
supposed. 
	"Can we help you?" asked the woman with a worried urgency in her tone, the
mother. She watched the strange boy standing in her open doorway he was
looking at her child at his feet. Her eyes were the same purple as the child.
The boys frown deepened.
	"We are Venom, and No I don't believe you can." said Gino, his grin became
apparent revealing his pointed teeth. A black tendril rose from his back and
closed the door trapping the family with him. The woman gasped.
	Out side the room the screams were short lived and unheard. Venom stepped
outside the room and allowed himself to turn back to his human form. He
frowned and shook the child’s eye off his finger. "Too bad the human had to
die, but we couldn't have him Identify us. We'll clean all these nasty
Juraians off our planet." he said to himself as he walked down the hall in
search of his prey again.

Ten minutes pass.

	Tenchi walked back into his room and headed for the bed. He only had an hour
or two before the others would wake. He rested his head on the pillow and
stared at the ceiling. He sighed. "Ryoko sure can be a pain sometimes." he
said to himself. He shut his eyes.
	"Tenchi." said a voice.
	"Not now Ryoko I'm...." That was not Ryoko.
	"Tenchi I'm coming." said the voice now clear. Tenchi opened his eyes and
cold fear ran down his spine. He sat staring at the shadows on the ceiling. 
	"Its just my imagination. Old memories brought back by the trip." he told
himself. He then realized, he was alone. His classmates were gone. He
continued to stare at the ceiling. It was one big shadow. The shadow opened
two white eyes and stared at him. A mouth with rows of sharp teeth smiled
evilly at him from the ceiling. 
	"I'm sorry about your classmates, but we couldn't have them interfering."
said the voice, It seemed so familiar. It was like Kains voice but also traces
of something else. Something terrifyingly familiar. Tenchi felt something hit
the foot of the bed. Then next to his head. Several more objects landed around
him. He couldn't move to look at what they were. A large heavy object landed
on his chest. he pulled his eyes down to see the head of his classmate. The
thing was dropping the remains of the three other boys that were in the room
on him. Tenchi began to scream.
	"Now Tenchi just you and me." said the thing as it oozed off the ceiling in a
human like mass. Tenchi groped around the bed desperately. His hand found his
sword and it lit immediately. Tenchi rushed the thing and cried out in rage
and fear. It slid to the side and swiped at Tenchi leaving four large shallow
gashes. Tenchi fell to his knees in pain. Tenchi quickly rose and slashed at
its back before it could recover. It seemed to glide just out of range of his
sword. It pointed its arm at Tenchi and extended it  taking Tenchi in the
chest and pushing him into a wall. Tenchi cried out in pain as he hit the
wall. The thing smiled and began to apply pressure. Its hand had become large
enough to pin Tenchi to the wall easily.
	 Tenchi felt his breath leave him and he began to brown out from the pain.
Soon he would be unconscious and it would all end. He hoped it would end
quickly. He felt his ribs begin to buckle.
	The thing reveled in its victory letting out an inhuman cry. Then its arm was
gone in a flash of light. It looked around to find a very angry Ryoko looking
at it. It looked at the stump and smiled as the arm seemed to replace itself.
The severed piece melted away and returned to him by sliding along the floor
in a puddle.
	Ryoko growled and stepped back. The Thing grinned at her and slashed. "You
keep your claws off my Tenchi Monster!" she yelled at it as she teleported
behind it. She raised her sword over her head and prepared to strike. A large
spike instantly appeared from the creatures back and impaled her wrist. She
grabbed her arm with her free hand and cried out in pain as smaller spikes
sprouted from the larger one tearing her hand to shreds but keeping her
trapped. The spike shifted throwing her against the wall leaving a crater in
the wall. Ryoko stood almost immediately. 
	"Damn you monster!" she yelled facing her opponent. 
It was gone. The window looked like it had been ripped apart leaving only a
ragged hole in the wall. She growled again angrily holding her injured hand
gingerly. She had been down no more than one second. She turned to Tenchi as
he lay unconscious against the wall. "What was that thing?" she said looking
him over worriedly.

	Gino stood outside the hotel entrance. He looked at the hole ha had made only
moments before. He walked in and went towards the hallway where his class was
staying again. He looked at his hand. Instantly a large black claw appeared.
Gino grit his teeth and prepared.

	The next day...

	Zennata frowned as he looked at yet another set of bodies. This time they had
been ripped to shreds. A lone boy had managed to fend off the creature, but he
could only describe it as a living shadow. The fact that he had even been able
to survive was nothing short of a miracle. He had been unconscious when they
found him, his wounds were minor and clean. He was lucky.
	Zennata walked down the hall and frowned. The work looked like that of a
serious Psychopath. A few moments later new cries could be heard. "We found
another one!" cried some of the officers down the hall. Zennata sighed and
prepared to walk into another blood bath. He walked around the corner and was
suprised to see that they were pulling a badly scratched up boy from one of
the maintenance closets. "Hey this is the kid that went missing yesterday."
said one of the younger officers on hand. Zennata smiled as the boy looked
around confused. "Its OK son your safe now." he reassured the boy. 
	"Yes I know. He can't hurt me anymore." said Gino.  
	"Thats right son, just relax." said Zennata unaware of the true meaning of
the boys words.
TbC...


Well wasn’t that fun? This could turn out to be an interesting fic. Don’t
worry the other Juraians will be exsplained. After all Yosho’s been on earth
for a while. Tenchi could have any number of cousins and distant relatives
from his mother’s side. I don’t think it was ever really covered in the
series. As for ‘Venom’ acting a little OOC. Remember this isn’t Marvel’s
Brock. This guy is a completely different guy. He has his own sence of honor,
and he isn’t stupid.
	Well hope you enjoyed it!
Ja ne!
Catbert25
I love C&C Please send comments and critisisms to:
Catbert25@aol.com