Hello, I'm Dexter, and this is my first fanfic of any 
kind.  So don't get angry with me if this story isn't the best.  
Oh by the way veracity means truthfulness.  I'm hoping I can 
build on this chapter to make a multipart series.  Tenchi and 
Co. belong to AIC and Pioneer, so these characters do not belong 
to me.  Please do not sue me, I'm only eleven so I don't have 
much money, and I just like Tenchi and Co..  This story is for 
fun, and I want my readers to enjoy it, with that said I'd like 
you to read chapter one.

Tenchi's Veracity

Chapter One-No Need for a Prophecy

*
She was breathing heavily, her chest heaving with 
exhaustion, but she continued to run, as hard and as long as she 
could through the darkness.  There it was, that black blade with 
a red blood color emanating from its edges.  She stopped, and 
her own crimson red energy blade extended from her hand.  This 
time she took the time to study her opponent, pitch black robes, 
hood and robe pulled tight to cover its head, and apparently a 
small black mask covered the face.  It wore black leather 
gloves, and seemed to remind her of someone, though she didn't 
know who.  A rasping voice issued from the dark robes," Ryoko, 
now you will feel my wrath, for all that you have done to me!"  
She ran towards her enemy, eyes flaring, as she charged the 
enemy.  The robes moved out of her way quickly, and then stepped 
back into the darkness.  Now she had to rely completely on her 
senses, her last way to target by sight ended as the blade 
faded.  Then came the sound of someone moving quietly in from 
behind, she tensed herself for action, as soon as the sound was 
close enough -- she turned in a lightning fast motion and drove 
her sword through the enemy, it was inescapable.
She stood up, a look of satisfaction on her face, but when 
she turned around a look of horror caressed her face.  Tenchi 
lay on the ground, dying of a small hole through his chest.  She 
stared in pure dismay as Tenchi tried to pull himself up.  She 
knelt down by him and turned him so he lay facing upwards, as 
she looked into his face he whispered," Ryoko why?"  She lay her 
head down on his chest and wept.  Ryoko never noticed the 
glowing redness above her.  She felt the most incinerating pain  
She landed painfully on the floor of her room in Tenchi's house.
She was hot and sweaty, but blissful that another day had 
come.  As she watched the thin red line on the horizon, she 
wondered what it meant.  "Dreams are sometimes to be noticed, 
but should I think about this one, and what does it mean?" she 
mumbled quietly," I have dreamed this dream to many times, but 
it will not haunt me -- for now.  The sun rose and slowly the 
day began, Ryoko just hoped her dream meant nothing, but that 
could not be.  She decided to distance herself from Tenchi, just 
in case.
*

I'm going to write another chapter soon, so that will be 
out in just a few days.  Any questions or comments should be 
sent to cyn@micron.net.  I feel that this could be a rather 
interesting experience.
