Hello, it's Dexter again.  This is my second chapter, I'm 
enjoying writing this.  Tenchi and Co. belong to AIC and 
Pioneer, so these characters aren't mine.  This chapter focuses 
on what Ryoko's dream predicts.  Please don't sue me, I'm only 
eleven so I don't have much money.  I hope you enjoy this 
chapter, so here goes.

Tenchi's Veracity

Chapter Two-No Need for a Kidnapping

*
Tenchi awoke to a gentle knocking on the door to his room.  
He got up and spoke in a tired voice," Come in."  Tenchi yawned 
as the door slid open to reveal that Ayeka was behind it.  She 
took a step inside and turned to look at him.
"Oh.  Good morning Miss Ayeka."
"Good morning Lord Tenchi," she said in a soft voice," 
Sasami said it wouldn't be long until breakfast, so I decided to 
come and wake you up."
"Thank you Ayeka."
Ayeka blushed, and stepped out side while Tenchi got 
dressed.
He pulled on some sweat pants, and a light long sleeved T-
shirt, and then he opened the door.
Tenchi could smell breakfast, it smelled really good, 
though Sasami was probably having some guidance from Grandfather 
in preparing Earth meals.
As Tenchi left his room Ayeka was still standing outside 
his door," Won't you be coming Miss Ayeka?"
"Yes Tenchi"
Tenchi stopped and looked around with a puzzled look on 
his face.  "What is the matter Lord Tenchi?" Ayeka asked calmly
"Well it's just, that..."
"Yes Tenchi"
"Well I'm surprised that Ryoko isn't clinging to me right 
now."
"Does that mean that you like it when she does that?" A 
look of horror crossed Ayeka's face as he said this.
"Actually it's kind of nice." Tenchi said shyly.
"Well we had better be off to Sasami's breakfast or she'll 
be worried."
"Yes, your right."
They stepped down the staircase to be greeted by Mihoshi," 
Hi, beautiful day outside isn't?"
"Yes Mihoshi" Tenchi replied.  Wait, that was unusual, 
Mihoshi was up before him.  He must have slept very late.
"It's ready" Sasami cried out from the kitchen.
Everyone took their spots, except Ryoko, who was nowhere 
in sight, Grandfather blessed the food and we all began eating 
in earnest.

After breakfast Tenchi inquired about where Ryoko might 
be.
Sasami answered quickly," I saw her down by Funaho."
"Oh, thank you Sasami," he said hurriedly," thank you for 
breakfast Sasami."
"Your welcome Tenchi."
"Wait, Tenchi, can you bring me back some carrots for 
dinner?"  Ryo-ohki's ears perked up at the mentioning of 
carrots.
"Of course Sasami."
Ayeka got up very soon after the departure of Tenchi and 
thanked Sasami, then she left through the front door and 
followed Tenchi to the lake.
Tenchi reached the lake and with one look knew that Ryoko 
wasn't there, but there was a figure walking towards him, 
probably Ayeka, it was her smooth slow flowing walk, she reached 
him before he realized it and he was still staring at her.
"Lord Tenchi, why are you staring at me so?" Ayeka asked a 
simple question but wasn't expecting an answer.  Tenchi 
immediately diverted his attention and blushed a beautiful red.  
Ayeka came down and sat by him.
Her mind was now filled with thoughts like; <Maybe he does 
love me> <He was staring at me so passionately> <When, when will 
I tell him, when?>
"Miss Ayeka, is isn't a beautiful day out, I'm so glad 
that today is not a school day."
"So am I Tenchi."
"Tenchi?" Ayeka began.  "Yes Ayeka"
"Well, I've been meaning to talk to you about something."  
<Ayeka, you can tell him, come on> <What if Ryoko gets to him 
first>
"What is it Ayeka"
"Well Tenchi, I I"
"Wait, Ayeka, is that Ryoko over there?"
"Yes Tenchi, I believe it is."
"Thanks.  Now continue what you were talking about?"
She blushed a deep red and mumbled," No, no, it's it's 
nothing Tenchi"
"Are you sure?"
"Yes"
Ayeka's self conciseness nearly kicked her, <liar> <He 
means everything to you and you know it!>
Tenchi rose," Ayeka I think that I'm going to try to find 
Ryoko, would you like to join me?"
"No thanks Tenchi, I've got a soap opera to watch in a few 
minutes." <Liar> she thought.
"Oh, well I'll see you at dinner then."
Ayeka too stood up and headed for the house, Tenchi 
started walking towards the shrine, that's the way Ryoko seemed 
to be headed.  On arriving at the shrine Tenchi noticed Ryoko 
was sitting on the shrine steps, a look of concentration on her 
face.
"Ryoko?"
Ryoko shook her head, like she was trying to clear her 
mind of some thought she just had," Yes Tenchi?"
"We were worried about you when you didn't show up for 
breakfast."
"Oh that, sorry Tenchi, I just wasn't hungry this 
morning."
" You don't have to be sorry Ryoko, you didn't do anything 
wrong.  Ryoko, what do you want to do?"
"Tenchi I think I want to stay out here for a while 
longer, don't worry, I'll be back for dinner."
Tenchi's eyes wore a look of concern as he left for the 
carrot fields where he was going to get some carrots for Sasami, 
and of course Ryo-ohki.
Ayeka was thinking about how to tell Tenchi that she loved 
him, she had the opportunity earlier, but it just didn't seem 
quite right.

"Sasami, that dinner was fabulous!"
"You really mean it!"
"Of course Sasami" Tenchi had spoken for everybody.
They all chorused in," Yeah Sasami that was great." That 
is everybody except Ryoko, it wasn't that she hadn't liked it, 
it was just that she was thinking of something important, and 
preoccupied.
After dinner everybody retreated to their own living 
quarters, while Tenchi helped Sasami clean up and Grandfather 
and Father had some drinks.  Afterward Tenchi went to bed and 
settled down into the land of dreams.

She couldn't sleep, she tightened her robe, it was thin, 
long, and an elegant robe it was one of her favorites.  She 
stood up and slowly slid the door open she was intent on not 
waking her sister Sasami.  As she closed the door she looked 
outside through the hallway window, staring at the stars.  She 
felt as if she was being guided outside, like it was just meant 
to be.  She crept outside, feeling the wet grass beneath her 
feet, it was so calm outside that she almost didn't notice 
Tenchi standing right next to her.
"Tenchi, you startled me." She said in a hushed whisper.
"Miss Ayeka what are you doing out here?"
"I couldn't sleep"
Tenchi sat down on the grass cross legged, and patted the 
ground next to him indicating that he wanted her to sit next to 
him.
She blushed, but sat next to him politely.
"Ayeka?"
"Yes Tenchi?"
"I feel as if I came out here for a reason, yet now I 
don't feel as if that is so.  What do you think?"
"Lord Tenchi I feel as if I was drawn out here for 
porpoise, but I feel I should do what is in my heart, and that 
is my porpoise."
"What would that be Ayeka?"
"Well Tenchi," she said calmly, though her hands were 
shaking," I-."  She put her head in her hands and tears began to 
fall from her eyes.
"Is something wrong Miss Ayeka?"
"No Tenchi, I just don't know how to explain what my heart 
tells me.  I I"
"It's all right," Tenchi said in an almost cooing voice, 
but he was very comforting to her," it's okay," Tenchi put his 
arm around her and leaned her head against his side.
"Tenchi?  Will you stay with me for a while?"
"Yes Ayeka, of course I'll stay and comfort you."
After some time Ayeka sat up and thanked Tenchi of course 
Tenchi brushed it aside as if it was no great deed, but indeed 
it very kind of him.
Ayeka spoke softly, her voice was wavering but she spoke," 
Tenchi, Tenchi I," tears slowly began rolling down her cheeks.
"Ayeka, maybe we shouldn't talk about this right now."
"Tenchi, I guess your right but soon promise me soon."
"I promise Ayeka," when you're ready I'll hear you out.
"Thank you Tenchi, you are a truly kind person."
Tenchi escorted Ayeka to her room and then neatly opened 
her door for her.
"Thank you Tenchi, thank you."
As Tenchi was closing her door something smashed into him, 
he went flying backwards into a wall, he had gone unconscious 
from the blow, and the dark cloaked figure lifted him up and ran 
from the house towards the woods.
Ayeka let out a scream that woke the whole house," Tenchi-
!"
"What the matter Ayeka?" Sasami's soft voice said from 
near Ayeka's feet.
"Someone just-just kidnapped Tenchi," that's all she got 
to say before nerve-racking sobs over took her.
Sasami went and got Ryoko," Ryoko, someone just kidnapped 
Tenchi!"
Ryoko teleported outside just in time to see the large, 
golden-tan, circular ship speed away, away from the Earth!
Ryoko screamed in dismay," Tenchi-----!  I will find you!"
Ayeka's sobbing parted long enough for her to mumble," 
Tenchi, we will find you."
*

I really liked writing that chapter I'll have another 
chapter out in a few days.  As always send questions or comments 
cyn@micron.net
