Disclaimer- Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu and all other related characters or 
things to "Tenchi Muyo" are not owned by me. Neither do I claim to own 
them. However, additional characters not assoc. with the series are of 
my own creation. ^-^ Thanx!!

Chapter 4: Truth amongst Death
By: Spectre

	Washu was working down late in her lab with Kiyone when it 
happened, they were checking out the recovered files, trying to verify 
the visitors' story. Everyone else was sound asleep, including Tenchi 
and Ryoko still lounging amongst the trees. The only one besides them 
still awake was Mihoshi who had gotten up to go to the bathroom. She 
would be the first one Kiyone would call to help. As she brought a 
steaming cup of tea to her lips a sharp pain shot through her stomach 
and waved throughout her entire body. Washu wrenched over grabbing her 
stomach, knocking over the tea, spilling it all over the console. The 
pain locked her muscles all over her body, making it almost impossible 
to talk. Kiyone hadn't noticed what had happened until the spilled tea 
had made a river over to her side, soaking in her sleeves. 
"Oh my god Washu!" Kiyone quickly threw down her tea and jumped 
to her side. "Washu what's wrong?" Suddenly a sharp voice sounded from 
the corner where the four prisoners rested in their cell.
"She's having contractions. Don't you see, it has begun. Soon, 
that monster will be free to kill us." Kiyone jerked her head around 
and pulled out her gun hidden in the back of her green shorts. The cold 
steel reflected a beam of light off of the computer screen and flashed 
in Ichiro's eyes.
"SHUT UP! We don't have time for this 'monster' crap!! This baby 
is coming now!!"
"Let me out, I have medical training!"
"Hate to break it to you 'pal' but I've had some training too. 
There's no way I'm letting you out to." Ichiro ran up and pressed his 
face against the transparent field surrounding him.
"You think you can do this all by yourself? You need someone to 
help you!" Suddenly a sinister grin appeared on his face. "And I don't 
think Mihoshi is the best choice do you?"
"Mihoshi is a fine officer!!"
"She was a fine officer, but now she is overworked."
"Listen, I'd like to sit here and chat with you about Galaxy 
Police officer standards, but if I don't move right now, she'll have 
this baby right here!!" Kiyone's attention was immediately focused back 
upon Washu as she emitted a bloodcurdling scream as the pain swelled 
through her.
"You can't do this by yourself, don't be foolish!! I can help her 
if you let me out now!!" Kiyone tried to calm Washu as the decision 
played forward in her mind, debating in a state of urgency. Finally, 
Kiyone raised her gun to him once again with a cold expression on her 
face.
"You try anything stupid, like trying to hurt this baby, and I'll 
make sure that you will die a more terrible death that any monster will 
give you. Do I make myself clear?"
"Quite."


	Ryoko woke up with the sound of leaves rustling softly in the 
morning breeze, sending the refreshing smell of the dew resting on them 
in the air. She was unreasonable warm for this time of season, plus the 
fact that she was outside without any covering made it even more 
peculiar. Then her sense of touch woke up and she could feel Tenchi's 
strong arms around her. Ryoko smiled gently and looked up at him, still 
asleep. The entire night, he held her in his arms. Was this a sign of 
love, she thought? Ryoko slowly sat up and slipped out of his arms to 
peer into the morning light, unaware of the happenings going on inside 
the ranch. As his arms softly fell to his sides, Tenchi's eyes 
fluttered open and a long yawn escaped his lips, alerting Ryoko to his 
wakening.
	"Good morning Tenchi." Tenchi stretched just as Ryoko turned to 
face him, smiling softly. 
	"Huh? R-Ryoko? What." Tenchi looked down to his sides where his 
palms touched wet bark and peered down the length of the tree. "AHH! 
How'd I get up here?"
	"Don't you remember last night." Ryoko looked and felt hurt. Last 
night was the most beautiful thing that had ever happened to her, just 
staying with her all night showed her just how much he cared for her 
feelings.
	"Uh, uh." Tenchi desperately searched his mind for any kind of 
memory of last night. Then it came back to him; Minagi helped him up to 
talk to her. He remembered it all now, the cool night breeze, the 
unsettling feeling of flying in the air. and how much he worried about 
her. "Of course I remember, I was looking for you all night. You had me 
worried there for a while." Ryoko smiled, her mind at ease, knowing he 
still cared, knowing that last night meant something.
	"Hmmm. I haven't been myself lately, this whole thing with 
Washu." Ryoko leaned over and grabbed his hand and placed it on her 
cheek. "Thank you Tenchi." Grabbing his hand startled him a bit, at 
first he didn't know what she was going to do, then as the words 
escaped her lips, his muscles relaxed and his nerves calmed.
	"For what?"
	"For caring, for spend the night up here to make sure I was ok, 
for everything." Tenchi blushed.
	"Oh, don't worry about it Ryoko, I would have done it for any one 
of you girls." And with those words, Ryoko's heart shattered and her 
skin became cold and pale. With any one of you girls, no other words 
could have hurt as much, tearing her hopes and dreams in a single 
sentence. All of her sorrow and hurt then manifested into a single tear 
that ran down her cheek. Right now she would give anything to end this 
moment, and soon, it did. Only this wasn't what she had in mind!
	"Ryoko! Tenchi! There you are! I've been looking all over for 
you!" Tenchi looked down over the extended branch to see a very winded 
Mihoshi, gasping for breath. 
	"Oh, Mihoshi! What is it?"
	"Washu is having contractions! The baby's coming!"


Down in the lab, Washu was already set up in a hospital-like bed, 
hooked up to heart monitors. Sweat poured from her brow, breathing 
heavily, Washu summoned the strength to speak.
"I-I need morphine Kiyo." Kiyone looked up from behind the sheet 
they had placed over Washu's legs, now in the stirrups. Even with the 
mask covering half of her face, Washu could see the sympathy in her 
eyes. But before Kiyone could speak, Ichiro broke the shattering news.
"It's too late for morphine. You're already dilated past that 
point where we could have given it to you." Washu looked up at him with 
a scowling look on her face.
"Impossible! I've only been in labor for fifteen minutes!!"
"Say what you will Miss Washu, but you are almost dilated fully!" 
Washu shot her head over to look at Kiyone, looking at her from behind 
the sheet.
"What?!"
"I'm sorry, but I need you to push for me, ok?" As the words 
escaped Kiyone's muffled lips, the horrible dreams began to play out in 
front of her. Those horrifying nights she spent in the dark abysmal 
nightmare that had no definite of reality. Every minute laying there, 
wondering if it was real, hoping she would live through the night. Her 
head spun, her mind raced, she didn't know what to do. She was too 
afraid to continue on this moment, unsure of what may happen. But she 
knew that a life living in fear was no life at all, and as she began 
the agonizing chore of pressing down her muscles, the terrible question 
still plagued her mind. 'What if they're right?'
Ryoko burst into the room after Minagi, her chest heaving up and 
down after running all the way there. She could have easily flew back 
or even teleported, but at that point in time, only one thing was 
running through her mind, Washu. Immediately she saw Ichiro out of his 
prison and quickly drew out her sword, holding it in front of her. Just 
when she was about to lung forward, Minagi stopped her by placing a 
hand on her chest, holding her back.
"Ryoko, it's ok, he's here to help!" Ryoko didn't even move her 
sword, still glowing with energy in front of her.
"Help what? Kill Washu?" Ichiro walked up to her slowly and held 
his hands in front of him, showing no intent of attack.
"You can kill me if you want Ryoko, but then there who will help 
Kiyone?"
"Don't your partners have training as well?"
"Yes, but would they help you if you kill me?" Ryoko grumbled 
through her gritted teeth as the sword diminished and disintegrated 
into nothing. Just as she moved to be at Washu's side, she grabbed 
Ichiro by the scruff on the neck and whispered in his ear.
"Help her the best you can, and savor your last day alive, 
because as soon as this baby is born, I'll make sure your head won't be 
able to be distinguished between low mien!" Her words were sharp and 
deep, as promising as she could ever make them. And as she let him 
loose and knelt by Washu's side, holding her hand tight, Ichiro had no 
doubt in his mind that she would kill him.
"Washu, it's me."
"Ryoko?" What should have been a moment of comfort, was a moment 
of growing terror. The dream was all playing out now, Ryoko, Minagi, 
Kiyone, all that was left was the demon child. Her eyes grew wide and 
her heart raced as every second of the dream came back to her, haunting 
her, flashing before her as the heart monitors sounded uncontrollably. 
"Ryoko, I-I can't do this I can't." her words were frantic and 
frightened, escaping her mouth, dry with a horrid taste in the back of 
her throat.
"Washu, calm down, it's ok. It's almost over!"
"No, you don't understand!" Kiyone broke through her frightened 
cries, her voice in her own sense of urgency.
"Washu, come on, you need to push for me or this baby is going to 
suffocate!" Washu, looked over to Kiyone and shook her head in terror.
"No, no, no I can't!"
"Yes you can now push!!" Washu fell back onto the pillow with 
tears streaming from her eyes. The terror had now taken over, she 
thought she could contain it but it had once again gained control. Just 
then she noticed a scalpel on the table next to her and quickly shot 
over and grabbed it.
"NO I CAN'T LET THIS BABY BE BORN!!" Clutching the scalpel in her 
hands, Washu threw it up into the air over her stomach ready to plunge 
it down into her flesh. Immediately Kiyone and Minagi rushed over and 
tried to sustain her, desperately trying to loosen her grip on the 
object. Ryoko wheeled around to face Ichiro in a rage, grabbing him by 
the neck and lifting him up off the ground by several inches.
"WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO TO HER?!" Ichiro grabbed his neck, 
trying to pry off Ryoko's steel grip, choking as he spoke.
"I did nothing! I-I *chhkk* did only what I was told to do! I did 
my best to help her!"
"BULLSHIT!" Ryoko tightened her grip, causing a flow of blood to 
spurt out of Ichiro's mouth, rolling out of his lips and down his chin.
"I-I swear! I didn't do anything!"
"I've had enough of your lies Ichiro!" Her grip tightened as the 
blood started to turn form a bright red, to a deep crimson. "When you 
get to hell, tell them Ryoko sent you!!" With one last gasp of air from 
the blonde officer, an unmistakable sound emitted through the room. A 
loud crack, a final spurt of blood, and Ichiro fell limp, dead. Ryoko 
finally let him drop to the floor, in a bludgeoned heap. Without any 
remorse, Ryoko turned back to Washu who was still fighting with Kiyone 
and Minagi with the scalpel. Just as Ryoko began to hold her down a 
blue light began to glow and manifest from the door. Just as a human 
form began to take shape, the smell of fresh dew filled the air. Soon, 
flowing robes and long blue hair became quite visible in the blue glow 
of light. "Tsunami!" She moved slowly and peacefully over to Washu, 
always with a warm smile. As she passed over the bed, she began to 
levitate above her. A soothing calm came over them all as Tsunami 
spoke, a soft sweet voice that echoed in the cavernous room.
"Miss Washu. Do not make the horrible mistake of killing yourself 
along with that child." Washu looked up with tears in her eyes, the 
fear controlling her entire will and spirit. 
"But it's a monster!" Without an answer, Tsunami closed her eyes 
and placed her hands gently on each side of Washu's forehead. As she 
did so, her accent marks on her own forehead began to glow with an 
eerie green. As the light flashed in Washu's eyes, a soothing peace 
calmed her and loosened her grip on the scalpel, allowing it to drop to 
the ground. The green penetrated her body and soaked into her soul 
allowing the fear and doubt melt away and drain from her body. Her 
limbs went limp and fell form Kiyone and Minagi's grip. As her body 
slowly and gently fell back onto the bed, the glow from Tsunami's 
forehead faded and died. And soon after her hands left Washu's temples, 
Tsunami herself began to fade away. The rest of them looked back down 
at Washu, who was still in pain of labor, but was not at peace with 
herself and the child inside her. With the sweat returning to her brow, 
she grabbed Ryoko's hand and smiled. "Let's have a baby." Kiyone 
quickly returned back to her place at the end of the bed and hid back 
under the sheet.
"Ok Washu, let's start to push!" Washu's grip tightened on 
Ryoko's hand and she began to press down with all her might. Her 
muscles tightening, forcing the child forward through the canal. In 
each push Kiyone began to count. "1-2-3, you're doing great keep 
pushing! 4-5-6-7." The pain tore into her like a jagged knife, sawing 
back and forth into her flesh, each push more painful than the 
preceding. After each push, Washu fell back into the soft pillow, 
soaking it the sweat pouring off her. Ryoko held her hand through it 
all; the crushing power of her grip during each push nearly destroyed 
her hand, but barely made her flinch. After what felt like an hour, 
which was really only a few minutes past, Kiyone stuck her head up from 
the sheet. "Ok Washu, I can see the head, one more push should do it!" 
Ryoko looked down at her with a soft smile on her face. 
	"This is it, mom. You ready?" Washu looked at her, exhausted, and 
shook her head, forcing a weak smile on her face.
"Yes." Kiyone prepped herself with a blanket and scissors by her 
side ready for the baby.
"Ok ready, no push! 1-2-3-4, here it comes! 5-6-7." Suddenly 
Washu's cries of pain were drowned by the frightened cry of a healthy 
baby. Kiyone quickly wrapped the baby with a soft white towel and 
cleaned it off before cutting the umbilical cord. "Congratulations 
Washu! It's a boy!" Washu fell back onto the pillow weeping 
uncontrollably. Finally, the pain and fear was free from her, the world 
stood still for those precious moments when there was only she and the 
baby. Kiyone came over to the side of the bed and pulled down her mask, 
revealing a warm smile to match the tears of joy swelling in her eyes. 
As she handed the child to Washu, she could hear Minagi rushing to the 
door to announce the birth to the others. As the crying began to fade, 
Washu cradled her newborn son in her arms.
"Welcome to the world little one, welcome!"


	Kiyone and Ryoko soon returned upstairs after disposing of 
Ichiro's body, closing the lab door behind them.
	"She'll be fine, she just needs some rest." Kiyone peeled off her 
gloves and headed off to the onsen with a warm smile on her face. 
Tenchi walked up to Ryoko with a smile to congratulate her. As soon as 
she saw him, she turned away and disappeared into thin air. All this 
time she may have eased it off her mind, but it still hurt. Last night 
was special to her, she had thought it was special to him as well, but 
apparently to him, it was just another night. Tenchi watched as she 
dissolved in front of him and backpedaled, the move had surprised him, 
even after she was gone, he waved his hands through the place where she 
was once standing, looking for something solid.
	"R-Ryoko?"

	When she materialized again, Ryoko was in the changing room of 
the onsen. As her feet hit the wooden floor, the tears began to swell 
in her, but she held them back. She should be happy right now, with a 
safe birth, but for some strange reason, it was very unsettling to her. 
Also, Tenchi had made her more humble now. His words had hurt her more 
than he would ever know. Ryoko shook her head and pushed it aside, she 
could hear Kiyone approaching, and she was not going to let her see her 
so humbled and sorrowful. Ryoko had started to pull off her blue and 
yellow dress when the door slid open and Kiyone stepped in. At first 
she didn't she her undressing, but then as she slid the door behind her 
their eyes made contact. Kiyone jumped back with a face, flushed red in 
seeing Ryoko with her dress halfway up her chest.
	"Oh! I'm sorry Ryoko! I didn't know you were here!" Ryoko simply 
shrugged it off and continued pulling the soft material over her head.
	"There's another changing booth over to the right." As she let 
the dress drop to the bench she could hear Kiyone slipping into the 
small closed off area the size of a telephone booth.
	"So how does it feel to have a brother?" Kiyone tried to strike 
up a conversation that would get her out of the awkward state she was 
in. If she had known the mood Ryoko was in she might have chosen a 
different topic. Ryoko didn't even respond, instead she slipped out of 
her underwear, letting it fall to the floor and walked out to the 
baths. Kiyone herself was beginning to unhook her black laced bra when 
she heard her leave. Usually, she is not one to take rudeness like that 
lightly, but of course, the day had been pretty rough. 
	Ryoko slowly slipped into the water, easing her body in inch by 
inch until she was fully submerged up to her shoulders in the water of 
the onsen. The steam that rose off the water swirled in the air, making 
a mist that shrouded the entire area of the baths. Next to her, Ryoko 
poured a small cup of sake. As the alcohol filled the clay cup, it's 
acrid smell filled the air, intoxicating the mist that surrounded it. 
Just as the cup was up to her lips she heard Kiyone stepping out onto 
the deck surrounding the water. After looking around for a while, 
noticing Ryoko was the only one there; she let the towel drop to the 
wood and slipped herself in. The hot water felt good against her skin, 
she had put her body through hell at work that week and her muscles 
were all sore and stiff. A shower helped sooth them for a while, but 
what she really needed was a long soak in the baths. Kiyone let out a 
long relaxed sigh as she leaned against the dock, the hot water 
caressing every inch of her body. As she did, Ryoko slurped down the 
sake, letting it trickle down her throat, embracing every stir of 
taste. 
	"Feeling blue?" Kiyone's words jerked Ryoko's attention over to 
her; her eyes not even open, and her arms resting on the wooden deck. 
Ryoko brought the cup down and glared at her.
	"Why do you say that? Can't I just enjoy myself with a little 
sake?"
"Looks like there's a lot more there to just enjoy yourself!" 
Ryoko held the platter in front of her with an open hand motioning to 
it.
"Do you want some? That's what it's here for?" Without saying a 
word, or even opening an eye, Kiyone reached over and grabbed a cup and 
waited for Ryoko to fill it before bringing it in front of her lips.
"Thanks. Well, it's not just the sake you know."
"Oh, yeah, what is it then?"
"Do you feel remorse for Ichiro?"
"Why should I?" Ryoko brought another cup filled with sake to her 
lips and sucked it down.
"You're right. I mean you are a space pirate!" Ryoko shot up out 
of the water and threw the platter aside, shattering it against the 
rocks.
"Alright! Just what is this about Kiyone!"
"Well, he might have died in vain!" Ryoko cocked an eyebrow at 
her and settled back down into the water.
"What do you mean?"
"Washu and I found deleted data files on all four of them in the 
GTDF database."
"Yeah so?"
"So, whenever agents from GTDF are captured in their mission, all 
knowledge of them is denied and destroyed to protect the government." 
Ryoko shrugged and relaxed her stiffened muscles, crossing her arms 
across her chest. 
"So what you are trying to tell me is that you actually believe 
this crap about a form phaser?"
"I didn't say that." Then Kiyone paused and slurped down some 
more sake before pulling herself out of the baths. "But, I didn't say I 
didn't either!" Ryoko jumped up after her and grabbed her by the arm.
"What are you saying?" Kiyone began to wrap the towel back around 
her wet body, still in Ryoko's grip.
"That thing me and Mihoshi encountered was like nothing we've 
ever encountered before. It sucked the entire ship dry of energy, and 
maybe others of the fleet that haven't reported it yet. The way I see 
it, if you got an explanation for something like that, it's best to 
take it seriously before it comes back to haunt you."
"Spare me the technical jargon Kiyone, just tell me what you 
believe."
"I believe that very soon we just might get the answer to this 
whole mystery, an answer none of us want."


	Washu lay in the same bed as she gave birth, finally getting a 
chance to relax, the sweat had finally stopped flowing and the pain had 
long since ceased. She was tired, that's all that could sum it up. 
Inside her lab alone it was cold, chills began to roll down her back, 
worried, she instantly grabbed the baby and held it close, warming it 
with her soft gentle touch. Unnoticed to her, dark clouds like coal 
swirled around the sky, engulfing sun, high in the noon sky. Sitting 
there with her son, made the rest of the world invisible to her, even 
if she had a window, she would not be able to see the developing storm. 
As she looked at her newborn son, a long lost memory flashed in front 
of her eyes a memory almost 20,000 years old, a memory of her first 
child. The memory made her heart ache, although they were forever lost 
to her, it didn't stop hurting. Her husband and her first born, were 
the world to her. Suddenly, a cold voice sounded from the corner, 
muffled by the shield surrounding it.
	"We're all dead now." Washu quickly shot her head in the 
direction of the sounding voice and scowled. It was the brown haired 
female officer, Haruko, who was sitting in the corner of the cell; her 
head hung low, not even looking at her.
	"Please, leave me be. Can't you just let me be with my child?"
	"That's no child you're holding. I witnessed the same thing that 
is happening here only a few years ago." Haruko lifted her head and 
stared at Washu with deep sullen eyes. "My colony of Rankei-71, the 
same thing happened there. A women had a virgin pregnancy, no one knew 
what had happened. Then they started to have power outages, and the 
baby developed at an alarming rate. After it was born, only for a few 
hours, it had changed into a terrible creature that leveled the entire 
colony." Haruko lifted up her shirt to reveal a long scar on her side, 
the tissue swelling and red. "It did this to me as we were trying to 
stop it, but unfortunately it escaped here. Now you can see why we were 
so intent on killing it in any way possible." Washu looked away from 
the scar, trying to block the image from her mind. What they were 
saying had to be lies, it just wasn't possible! Just then a bolt of 
lightning light the sky, sending a great flash into the lab.which had 
no windows! The blinding light paralyzed them at the very instant, 
their hands all moving up to their eyes simultaneously, trying to 
shield themselves form the white that had engulfed the room. 
	A second passed, then five, then thirty, no lighting bolt had 
ever or ever could last that long. Washu looked down in her arms as the 
light seemed to intensify, burning her skin as it shone on 
continuously. As her eyes focused on what was once her child, she saw 
nothing but a small sphere of white light, pulsing with energy, growing 
larger and brighter by the second. The rest of the household burst 
through the door just as streaks of white light streamed around the 
room. There origin unknown, but it was quite clear that they were 
gathering at the sphere at which the child was. All sound ceased to 
exist at that moment; the only thing was the light. Consuming the room, 
blanketing everyone with an eerie white glow, the light pulsated faster 
and faster, growing larger and brighter by the moment. Soon, it started 
to take form, lifting off from Washu's arms, it began to hover in the 
middle of the room. With the first sound in minutes a high pitched 
squeal sounded as the light stretched into a vertical line, growing to 
at least six feet, still pulsating. Everyone stared in awe at the 
spectacle that played out before their eyes, growing wide with wonder, 
and the ever-growing fear. Then another loud squeal as the light 
stretched out to the sides, varying in thickness in different sections. 
To their astonishment, the light began to take what looked like a human 
form. Over in the corner where the cell lay, the shield faded and fell 
as the power of the entire house was sucked into the form, pulsating 
and still growing, shaping itself. Then, all was quite as the sound was 
once again shut off, but even if it was still there; there would not be 
a sound out of any of them. Their bodies frozen in place, staring at 
the thing in front of them. Within a matter of seconds, the white split 
into several rays of color, as if sent through a prism, adding what 
looked like clothing and skin to the form that had developed. Then, a 
long forgotten fear shot through Ryoko's body as the light began to 
diminish, adding facial features to the body floating in front of her. 
	"No! It can't be! It's not possible! It's just not possible!" Her 
body froze in her place; each and every nerve in her body tingled with 
the fear that consumed her so. Her mind flowed with the horrible 
memories that had plagued her for her entire life, every second more 
agonizing than the next. Then, the fear consumed the rest of them; all 
of them knew this form all too well, a form they had never thought to 
see again. Tenchi tightened his grip on the master key, sweat pouring 
from his brow, his teeth clenched together in a scowl, trying to 
disguise his fear. Then, chills shot down their backs like a cold 
bucket of water on their heads as the form let out an evil laugh.
	"Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! A suitable form don't you think?" 
Ryoko ignited her sword and moved into a fighting stance.
	"Kagato!"
	"Ha, ha, not really, but a surprising likeness is it not?"
	"How did you.?"
	"You didn't really think I was so helpless while in that body now 
do you?" The form let out a long pause before acknowledging her by 
name. "Ryoko?" She immediately loosened her grip and stepped out of her 
stance, distracted, and unnerved.
	"You know my."
	"Oh I know a lot more about you than your name Ryoko. Tell me, 
how is Minagi? Ryo-oh-ki? Oh yes! What about Tenchi?" Ryoko lost all 
her sense of reason, lunging at him sound an anguished battle cry. As 
if nothing, the being stepped aside, sending Ryoko running into the 
wall, just stopping before collision. "Oh, hi I hit a sore note? Can 
this boy mean something to you?"
	"You stay awa."
	"Oh how rude of me! I haven't properly introduced myself to all 
of you. I have no real name, but if you wish to call me something, I am 
sometimes called Kiseichu." Washu had already gotten up from the bed 
and was now being held up with the help of Kiyone and Mihoshi, still 
weak from the birth.
	"How do you know her, or Kagato for that matter?" The being 
turned and looked over at the small women, dressed in a small dress 
shirt and smiled.
	"Well if you must know Miss Washu, while I was inside of you, I 
was listening to every word you said, I also took a field trip through 
your mind!" Kiseichu raised his hands and slowly lowered himself on the 
floor and walked over to the three remaining agents. "Ah, so I see GTDF 
has sent their 'best.' But where is Ichiro I wonder?" Kiseichu turned 
his head over to Ryoko with an evil smile on his face. "Would you know 
anything about his whereabouts?" Ryoko gritted her teeth and began to 
move in for another attack, but before she could move Minagi jumped in 
front of her and held her back.
	"What do you want from us?"
	"HA, HA, Ha, HA! You already know my dear! Didn't they explain 
what would happen if I got a hold of Juri energy? Hmm?" Then it hit 
them, it was all true, every word. Drawn here by the combined energy of 
Tenchi, Yosho, Ayeka, and Sasami, the energy vacuum impregnated Washu 
and fed off of the energy of her machines. It was all true, but what a 
horrible truth it was. Now, if it absorbs the Juri energy, no only 
would it become unstoppable, but it would kill them all! "Now, speaking 
of such matters, I believe I some business to attend to!" Kiseichu 
began to stride towards where Tenchi and the other Jurian warriors, an 
evil smile painted on his face, widening with each step. The sound of 
igniting swords behind him stopped him in his tracks, as he looked 
back, he noticed Minagi, now with her sword draw, ready to attack. "Oh 
please! You really think you have a chance against me? Can this boy 
really mean so much to you?" Ryoko gritted her teeth in a scowl and 
lowered herself in position for a powerful lunge.
	"I would rather die fighting than let you kill any of them! You 
have only one chance in consuming your ultimate power, and that's 
trough us!"

<A little shorter than the others I know, but I want to save the battle 
for one whole chapter. WHOOPS!! I've already revealed too much! Well, I 
hope you like this one as much my other works. And be sure to look out 
for my pretender and Eva series coming soon on Fanfiction.net!
				"Magnums and Martinis"- Pretender
				"The Definition of Love"- EVA
Thanks for your support!
    Ansa (Spectre)>


