Disclaimer- Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu and all other related characters or 
things to "Tenchi Muyo" are not owned by me. Neither do I claim to own 
them. However, additional characters not assoc. with the series are of 
my own creation. ^-^ Thanx!!

Prologue: "Motherhood"
By: Brandon Morgan "Spectre"

	The warm sunlight beamed down on the Masaki residence, warming 
the air that had been surprisingly cool that summer. The cool breeze 
blew across the plains and rippled the lake resting before the great 
house. Leaves rustled in the wind and tall grass swayed, giving the 
scene as soothing natural sound. Birds were singing their beautiful 
songs in the trees, all was quiet and peaceful.
 
	?	?TTTTTTTTTIIIIIIIIIIIIIIPPPPPPPPPPPP!!!!!!!!!?      ?

	The serenity was shattered when the blast of Ryoko's stereo shook 
the trees and nearly scared Ayeka out of her mind! She was tending in 
the garden when the great blast of sound made a small shockwave, making 
her flowers sway in its wake. Ayeka clamped her hands over her ears and 
looked up to where she thought the sound was coming from, 'but that 
can't be right' she thought to herself, 'it seems to be coming from the 
roof!'
	As Ayeka climbed the stairs to the highest floor of the house she 
could here the sound growing louder and louder with each step. Pictures 
shook on their hangers, the walls vibrated, where was it coming from? 
As she popped her head out of the skylight she saw Ryoko lying on a 
towel next to the blaring stereo. Ayeka's eyes flared and her teeth 
clenched as she made her way to the stereo. As she got closer, she saw 
Ryoko in a skimpy bikini and sunglasses, sunning herself in the sun's 
warm rays. Ryoko sat up abruptly and threw off her shades as she heard 
the stereo shut down suddenly.
	"What the hell did you do that for?"
	"What ARE YOU DOING??!!!! You nearly woke the entire country with 
this!! What the hell is it anyways??"
	"I was TRYING to get some sun in before the storms return if you 
don't mind! And this happens to be an import from the states**" Ryoko 
flipped on her headphones and turned onto her stomach. As she turned 
the music back on Ayeka could still hear the muffled blast of the band. 
Ayeka went red with rage.
	"HOW DARE YOU!!! I'm not finished talking to you Ryoko!!" Ayeka's 
hands shook in her fury. The only response Ryoko made was the prompt 
presentation of her middle finger. A vain in Ayeka's head had popped 
and was now throbbing. Steam seemed to rise up from her head, but just 
as quick as Ryoko had flipped her off, Ayeka seemed to settle and cool 
down. With a warm, almost evil smile on her face she calmly walked up 
to the stereo and threw it off the ledge and sent it crashing down to 
the ground.

	Tenchi was returning from his morning exercises as he headed for 
the door. He looked up when a dark shadow fell over him and saw a 
300yenn stereo crashed down. Tenchi dove into the bushes just before it 
hit his head and watched it shatter and split as it hit the earth. His 
heart beat rapidly and sweat poured from his brow, he looked up to the 
roof where it fell and heard and large scuffle. 
	When he reached the top of the roof he saw Ryoko pinning Ayeka to 
the ground and shocking her every three seconds. Sending the purple 
haired girl screaming with each jolt.
	"How you like that, Huh?" Ryoko was laughing evilly as the bolts 
of energy blasted through Ayeka's body. It hadn't been easy to get to 
this point, there was a large bump on her head, and her new bikini was 
torn in many places. At first she was able to easily fool Ayeka by 
passing through the roof and teleporting behind her, but as the fight 
continued, Ayeka was able to smoke Ryoko in head with a small hammer.
	"Ryoko!! Stop it!!" Tenchi ran towards them and pulled her off 
the princess. He soon regretted it, for as soon as the jolts stopped 
Ayeka was throwing punches and kicks everywhere, some landed on Tenchi, 
others hit nothing but air. 
	"AAAAHHHHHHHH!!!! LET ME GO!! TENCHI, LET ME AT HER!! I'LL RIP 
HER TO SHREDS.." The treats continued as Tenchi held her back, pinning 
her arms behind her. 
	"Com'on Tenchi, you heard her let her go. See how long she 
lives." Ryoko ignited a ball of electricity in her hand and grinned.
	"ABAZUREON'NA!! BAISHUNFU!! AKUREI!!" Tenchi was shocked to here 
such profanity coming from Ayeka's mouth, this was probably the first 
time he's ever heard her say such words. 
	"Com'on you two stop it NOW!!" Tenchi was not about to admit it, 
but Ayeka was getting hard to hold back now. He could feel the anger 
rise in her, her arms began to slip from his grip. 
				?WHAM!!?    
							?BAM!!?
	"Alright, that's enough!" Washu crossed her arms with the heavy 
hammer still in her grip. Her appearance surprised everyone, Tenchi 
didn't even see her at all that morning. She shook her head heavy and 
sighed. "My, my, Ryoko, what AM I going to do with you?"
	"Dammit Washu!! Why the hell did you." Another bash with the 
hammer landed on her head.
	"That's no way to talk your mother. Besides, you two were even 
worse then that stereo! A genius needs her sleep you know!!" Through 
all the commotion Ryoko didn't notice Washu happened to be in her night 
robes. Her bunny-slippered feet tapped in her disgust. "Honestly Ryoko, 
I thought my own genes would give you SOME of my characteristics!" 
Ryoko rolled her eyes and teleported away, but not before sticking her 
tongue out at Ayeka. Washu then turned to Tenchi, "I think you can let 
go of her now Tenchi." Tenchi blushed and released the girl, then 
turned to the short genius standing beside him.
	"Sorry Washu-san, I hope you weren't up late?"
	"Eh, that's ok Tenchi. And how many times do I have to tell you, 
no Miss nor San, just WASHU!!!"
	"Uh, ok Washu, sorry." Embarrassed, and a little intimidated, 
Tenchi returned downstairs with Ayeka to help Sasami with lunch. <It's 
lunchtime and Washu was still sleeping?? ^-^?> Washu watched them 
disappear downstairs and yawned loudly. The cool breeze felt good 
flowing through her red hair she lingered on the roof for a minute to 
soak in the wonderful warm sunrays. She raised her arms in the air and 
twirled around in the wonderful day, something she hadn't done since 
she was a little girl. She was then shot with a strong shock flowing 
through her. It felt as if something had hit her, but no material 
matter was present. Her entire body tingled and was waved with feeling. 
This powerful shock was too much for her to handle, her eyes closed and 
she passed out.
	"I forgot my.Washu!!" Ryoko had returned for her shades just as 
Washu's knees buckled and her body started to topple. Ryoko quickly 
flew over and scooped her up, "Washu, Washu!! Are you ok? Answer me." 
Washu didn't respond, her eyelids fluttered and her lips were pursed 
but didn't move. Her body went cold in Ryoko's arms and her forehead 
sweat and became hot. "Oh dammit Washu no!!"
	Ryoko transported them both to her room and set Washu down on her 
bed. As her fever rose, her body began to shiver. Not knowing much 
about medicine, but knowing a little bit about colds and fevers, Ryoko 
pulled the covers over her creator/mother and placed a moist towel on 
her forehead. Ryoko felt a swarm of emotion flow over her; she had not 
felt this in a long time. As the feeling came back to her, she held 
Washu's hand and stroked it. She lost herself in her thoughts, memories 
flowing through her mind, old friends, old enemies, and lost forgotten 
feelings she never thought she'd remember again. Ryoko focused on a 
part of her mind most beings can never unlock, but Ryoko isn't a normal 
being! She brought back memories of the night she was "born"; 
surrounding her was of course Washu, and her assistants Kagato and 
Yakage among others. But as she watched the assistants leave Washu's 
eyes teared at the sight of her "daughter" as she took her in her arms 
and rocked her. Tears poured from her eyes, feeling happier than she 
has ever in her entire life, since then nothing had ever topped it! As 
she rocked her she smoothly sung her to sleep with an ancient lullaby 
sung to royalty of the planet Cirrah. In seeing this, Ryoko for once, 
felt regret for her actions, she never knew how much she meant to 
Washu. She didn't exactly show it, but she never really had reason to, 
Ryoko did disappear for many, many years, this must've torn poor Washu 
apart. As she returned to reality a cold tear ran down her cheek, 
"Mom." Ryoko paused; this was the first time that she could remember 
that she had willingly called her that, now she wished she'd said it 
before, "Mom, please don't die!"
	Ayeka walked into Ryoko's room ready to give forced apology, 
urged by Tenchi. She gritted her teeth and clenched her fist as she 
spoke. 
	"Listen Ryoko I." She stopped dead in her tracks; the scene in 
front of her touched her and shocked her in so many ways. Ryoko's head 
was now hung low resting on Washu's hand, tears flowing from her golden 
eyes.
	"Please, Mom, don't die! I.I." Ryoko couldn't finish her 
sentence, though she repeated it over and over again in her mind, 'I 
love you!' Ayeka walked up behind her and placed her hand on her 
shoulder, so not to alarm her.
	"What's wrong with her?" Ryoko didn't bother to wipe her tears, 
her emotion was too strong, and had overflowed. 
"I don't know, she just collapsed." Her speech was interrupted 
with her sobs, still holding Washu's hand in hers. Tenchi had now 
called Yosho and the rest of them were now crowding outside the door, 
peering in. Yosho walked up to the bed and looked over her. As he did, 
for the first time, Ryoko took comfort in Ayeka. As she let go of 
Washu's hands, Ryoko fell in Ayeka's arms, still sobbing. This took the 
princess by surprise but she felt warm with Ryoko clasping to her, 
Ayeka immediately wrapped her arms around her trying to calm her. She 
had never seen her like this before, for the time she's known her, all 
the memories she's had included nothing but a cold sad feelings from 
Ryoko. She had never thought that the once horrible Space Pirate could 
break down like this. Secretly the Juri princess had always wanted to 
see Ryoko break down and suffer greatly for her actions, but at this 
moment, all she felt was great shame and regret of such thoughts.
	
	An hour had passed and only Yosho and Ryoko were allowed in, 
except for Ayeka for support. The residence of the Masaki house all 
waited outside impatiently, wondering and worrying. Like Ayeka, neither 
of them had ever seen Ryoko like this before, it had taken them by 
surprise but also worried them. During this time, Tenchi and Sasami had 
left to the shine to pray for Washu. They had spent almost the whole 
hour praying when Yosho and Ayeka returned from Ryoko's quarters and 
slid the door behind him. Noboyuki, Kiyone, and Mihoshi abruptly sat up 
and approached him anxious for news of good health. Yosho took a deep 
breath and let it out slowly.
	"I can't explain it, she defiantly has a fever, but I'm not sure 
why she's unconscious." 
	"Is it ok for us to see her now Dad?" Noboyuki stepped forward. 
Yosho lowered his head and was about to speak when Ayeka stepped up 
from behind him and spoke.
	"No, I think they need some time alone. Ryoko deserves time alone 
with Washu, so she can see her daughter as soon as she wakes." Without 
saying a word, Ayeka moved away to her room and slid the door shut. 
With the lights off, she kneeled on a cotton mat and lit several 
scented candles. She was still deeply moved by Ryoko's emotion, her own 
feelings were brimming, sorrow, worry, and regret. If she had any clue 
of Ryoko's strong emotion for anyone, she wouldn't be so rough with 
her. A tear rolled down her cheek and took her by surprise; she never 
thought she would ever shed a single tear in Ryoko's behalf. But she 
was glad Washu was ok, for Ryoko's sake. Meanwhile Ryoko had kept her 
vigil next to her bed, neither eating or drink, barely moving a muscle. 
Every second she imagined Washu opening her eyes and waking to see her, 
telling her everything was going to be fine. But as each second went 
by, nothing happened, and Ryoko kept dreaming, waiting. The sun left 
the sky and the moon now rose, giving a beautiful shimmer on the lake. 
The warm sun left and the cold night drifted and fell upon the 
countryside. The night was taking its toll on Ryoko, on all of them. 
None of them had eaten a thing since it happened; they were all still 
piled outside the door, their stomachs aching, but none of them moved. 
Ryoko's eyes began to feel heavy her cheeks still cold from the tears 
still flowing from her eyes. Ryo-oh-ki had turned to her human form and 
was now joining the Masaki family in their vigil after a long day of 
praying at the shrine, also sobbing for her mother. Just when Ryoko was 
about to drift to sleep a soft moan came from the cold lips of her 
mother. Her eyes fluttered and opened, her vision was blurred but as 
she looked around the room she noticed Ryoko sitting next to her, eyes 
still tearing.
	"R-Ryoko?" Her voice was soft and weak; her whole body was still 
numb from the unknown force that drove her down. She could barely move, 
but she could still look around to see her surroundings, out of all of 
them, the most soothing was Ryoko. Ryoko's head shot up and turned to 
her, tears flowed even more than before.
	"Wash." Ryoko stopped herself, she almost lost her this time, she 
wanted to tell her how much she meant to her. "MOM!!" Ryoko collapsed 
and held her close sobbing uncontrollable. Washu, held her even closer 
as a tear rolled from her eye. She had longed for this moment for 
years.
	"It's ok Ryoko.It's ok. Mom's fine." She held back a sob herself; 
she had almost let her emotions get the best of her. But it was hard 
not to, over ten thousand years had past since that day her daughter 
was "born," and she meant the world to her. Hearing the commotion 
inside the small room, the rest of the Masaki residence rejoiced with 
tears and hugs. Ryo-ok-ki danced and cried alongside Sasami while 
Mihoshi squeezed Kiyone so tight she thought her ribs were going to 
break. In her own room Ayeka shed a tear of joy and let out a sigh of 
relief. Her own soul was now lightened and lifted; the bond between her 
and her own mother was nothing to be spoken of. Now she wished she had 
gotten closer to her. As night passed, mother and daughter slept in 
each other's arms, thankful to be together, and alive. 

< *Sniff* I know, a touchy and sad beginning, but I always wondered 
what feelings lie deep within Ryoko for Washu. Besides, this event is 
crucial to the following story. >

**= The import happens to be Finger Eleven's album "Tip" also the name 
of the song playing ^-^?