Disclaimer- Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu and all other related characters or 
things to "Tenchi Muyo" are not owned by me. Neither do I claim to own 
them. However, additional characters not assoc. with the series are of 
my own creation. ^-^ Thanx!!

Chapter 2: Conflict
By: Spectre

	"WHAT!!??" Everyone nearly fell out of they're seats, Ryoko lost 
her concentration and fell to the floor. None of them could speak, 
their eyes only stared, and their jaws nearly dropped to the floor. 
Finally Ryoko worked up the nerve to speak up.
	"How the hell did it happen? Who's the father?" As if planned, 
the entire room turned in unison and looked directly at Tenchi. 
Tenchi's head darted from one face to another shocked that he was their 
first guess.
	"Why are you looking at me for?! I didn't." Tenchi's nose began 
gushing blood just at the thought of it, needless to say they didn't 
believe him. Tenchi picked up a tissue and held it to his nose tightly 
as he continued. "I would never, ever." Tenchi looked over to Washu, 
who had a scowl on her face, her toe tapping impatiently. "Ooops! Uh 
Washu, I didn't mean to offend it's just."
	"Spare yourself the embarrassment Tenchi, right now you don't 
need any more than you already have." Tenchi hung his head low as his 
cheeks turned bright red. Washu looked around at the rest of the Masaki 
residence, all with disgusted looks on their faces, trying not to 
picture Tenchi and Washu together. "As for the rest of you, wipe that 
look off your faces, Tenchi is not the father. Like he said so rudely, 
he would never do something like that." Yosho looked puzzled and sipped 
his tea as he spoke.
	"Then who is the father?" Washu scratched her head and gave a 
long sigh.
	"To tell you the truth, I don't know how it happened exactly. I 
haven't had sex in over five thousand years!" Washu noticed the 
disgusted look come upon their faces again, blocking out the mental 
picture. Washu gave them a dirty look and continued. "Let's all try and 
be mature here okay? So, as I said, I haven't had sex in over five 
thousand years so there can't be a father." Ryoko stood up from her 
place on the floor and thought out loud.
	 "How can you be pregnant if there is no father?" Ryoko snapped 
her fingers as a light bulb switched on in her head. "I got it! It's 
the stick, those things are wrong all the time, you can never trust 
those." Washu shook her head.
	"No, this is one of my own tests. These are almost as accurate as 
the tests in hospitals. I'm really pregnant, heh, I guess that explains 
this bulge in my stomach, and the morning sickness." Washu looked down 
and rubbed her stomach, "Looks like I'm going to have a baby!"


	Washu, Ryoko, and Kiyone had disappeared into Washu's laboratory, 
forbidding the men of the house from entering. Not willing to 
participate, Ayeka acted as the guard, standing by the door blocking 
Tenchi, Yosho, and Noboyuki from entering. The whole situation confused 
her, how could Washu be pregnant if there is no father? Was she working 
on some kind of secret experiment? Ryoko had thought the same thing and 
as they headed down she asked Washu. 
	"Experiment? You mean like the experiment that created you and 
Ryo-oh-ki?" Ryoko nodded, becoming very quiet with a sad look on her 
face. Washu smiled and kissed her gently on the forehead.
	"Never again. I already got all I need right here." Ryoko smiled 
and a single tear fell down her cheek. Noticing Kiyone in plain sight 
of the scene, she quickly brushed it away and continued down the 
stairs. As they entered the extent of the cavernous laboratory, Washu 
lead them to a long steel table, padded with leather and some kind of 
scanning wind hanging above it. "Here," Washu handed Ryoko a computer 
sequence printout and motioned to a control panel adjacent to the 
table. "Take that and start the process up to the part that says 
'Initiate scan.'" Ryoko nodded and headed over to activate the machine. 
Kiyone stood by waiting for instructions. "Kiyone, the other control 
panel over there. Activate it and type 'Warm-up procedures' wait until 
the time bar fills and then type 'Standby system activation.'"
	"Ok." As the two women were busy activating the machinery Washu 
stripped down and laid flat on the table. Ryoko tapped the controls, 
carefully following the procedures given to her until the computer in 
front of her sounded with a small 'beep.'
	"All set Washu." Kiyone watched as the time bar filled and 
disintegrated back to the main functions screen.
	"Same here." Washu nodded and pulled the scanning window down 
until it was about six inches above her body.
	"Ryoko, start scanning program." Ryoko tapped on the commands 
into computer and the lights flickered as the scanner booted up-line. A 
small red glow emitted from the window and it gave off a low frequency 
hum as it started to move. Slowly the scanner moved up Washu's naked 
body, starting at the feet. The red glow seemed to flow down and cover 
Washu's body, as the scanner moved a picture of Washu's insides began 
to immerge on the main viewing screen, slowly growing. The window moved 
higher, up her thighs and abdomen. As the red glow passed her stomach, 
as small human-like form announced itself on the screen. Finally the 
screen was filled with Washu's entire body and the window retracted 
back to its original position and powered down. Washu exhaled and sat 
up in view of the main screen, as soon as her eyes fell upon the small 
fetus she immediately jumped off the table and raced to console.
	"WHAT DID YOU TOUCH??" Washu desperately tapped at the controls 
as she yelled at the stunned Ryoko next to her.
	"Exactly what you told me to!"
	"No no no! You must have touched something else, this can't be 
right!" Kiyone walked over from her post and stared up at the screen. 
	"What's wrong?" 
	"I'm about one month in and this fetus is way too developed to be 
a month old!" As Washu tapped on the controls she looked at the sub 
screen next to her, displaying the data she brought up. Then her whole 
body went limp, her skin chilled. "This can't be!" Ryoko stared at the 
screen.
	"Why, what's wrong with the scan?"
	"That's just it! Nothing's wrong with the scan, absolutely 
nothing. The baby seems to be developing at an alarming rate!" Washu 
continued her typing, bringing up more sub screens and time bars. 
"According to my calculations, this baby is developing so rapidly it 
will be ready to leave the womb in." Washu nearly lost her balance as 
the data displayed across the screen.
	"Mom?"
	"I-It will be ready to be born in two months from now!!" Washu's 
fingers fell from their position on the keys, and she wondered back to 
the table and sat down. Ryoko and Kiyone stared at the screen, unable 
to believe their eyes. 
	"W-Well maybe there's something wrong with your equip."
	"Don't be stupid Ryoko! You know perfectly well that could never 
happen!" Washu laid back down and repositioned the scanner. "Kiyone, 
get back to your post, we're not done yet." Kiyone shook her head from 
deep thought and nodded.
	"Right!" Kiyone returned to the console she was assigned and got 
ready to start up the program. "Ready?"
	"Start the program." Kiyone tapped on a few keys, and once again, 
the lights flickered before the scanner powered up. This time, it was 
positioned above her bulge and stayed in positioned as a yellow 
flashing light omitted. The main screen had now moved away the scan 
results and was scrolling numerous amounts of data and code. Several 
minutes passed as the scanner flashed light and data scrolled until the 
code abruptly stopped and the scanner repositioned itself. Washu sat up 
on the edge of the table and began pull her clothed back on. "Well? 
What does it say Ryoko?" Ryoko shook her head, trying to make sense of 
it all.
	"Uh, I'm not sure. It just says inconclusive data. Oh, here it 
is! Mother genetic structure, human: Washu.Father genetic structure, 
unknown. Washu shook her head and groaned.
	"Aww hell! They're not going to make it easy on me are they?" 
Washu walked up to the console finishing pulling her shirt on and 
tapped at the controls. "Hmmm." She then snapped out of her 
concentration and turned to the two women. "Oh I'm sorry, thanks a lot 
girls, that's it for now." Without saying another word, Washu sat down 
and continued her work, trying to find something that may lead to an 
answer.

	"Well? What happened? Who's the father??" Ayeka barraged them 
with questions as soon as the two had opened the door, getting up into 
their faces as she spoke. Ryoko could tell this was driving her nuts, 
and she had been waiting impatiently for hours up here. Ryoko smiled 
and thought to herself. 
'Time to have a little fun!' 
	"I can't tell you." Ayeka's eyes went wide, and a disappointed 
look flowed over her face. Ayeka ran up and grabbed Ryoko by the scruff 
of her shirt.
	"WHY THE HELL NOT???!!"
	"Washu doesn't want to disclose the information. She thinks it 
might be too stress full on the father." Just before those last words 
she paused and looked directly at Tenchi, who had fallen asleep on the 
armchair. Leaving Ayeka as stiff as a stone pillar, Ryoko walked 
outside and waited for the moment where Ayeka would blow a fuse.
	"WHAT!!" Taking Ryoko by surprise Ayeka whirled her around and 
screamed in her face. "TELL ME YOUR LIEING!! TELL ME YOUR LIEING NOW, 
AND MAYBE I'LL SPARE YOUR PITIFULL LIFE!!" Ryoko released herself from 
her tight grip and smiled.
	"My my 'Miss Priss' them are some mighty strong words. Willing to 
back them up?" Ayeka quickly threw her hand up and slapped Ryoko across 
the face, leaving a large red welt on her cheek. "DAMMIT AYEKA!!! I was 
only kidding! Lighten up will you?? The scan results listed the father 
unknown, are you happy??" Ayeka quickly flustered and hung her head in 
her shame as Ryoko stormed off. 
	'Dammit, why do I have let her get to me every time?' Ayeka 
watched as Ryoko flew up to the onsen path. 'I guess I should 
apologize.' Ayeka quickly shook that thought from her head and replaced 
it with another. "Why should I apologize? She's the one who always 
teases me?' But then she thought back to that night when Washu had 
fallen. She had secretly promised herself to try and be more respectful 
of Ryoko's feelings. Ayeka let out a loud sigh and began to follow her.

	The water lapped at Ryoko's naked body as Ryo-oh-ki sat atop her 
head, nibbling on a carrot. Ryoko just sat their staring into oblivion, 
making small splashes with tip of her fingers. The display on the 
screen replayed in her head, it was so strange. How could this child 
grow so fast? Besides puzzling her, the whole situation frightened her. 
She was not scared for herself, but rather for her mother, Washu. So 
many questions had been left unanswered when she left the lab, what was 
wrong with the baby, and who, or what conceived this child? Suddenly 
the steam around her parted as a blast of cool air entered the baths. 
Ryoko didn't bother to turn around, she knew who it was, and she wasn't 
in the mood for her bitching.
	"So, how long did it take for Tenchi to convince you to come 
here?" Ayeka, startled, blushed. She should be angry, but she wasn't, 
she waited before easing her body into the water next to Ryoko before 
speaking.
	"I came here on my own will."
	"Well, I leave you to your bathing." Ryoko stood up out of the 
water but Ayeka grabbed her wrist and pulled her back. 
"I need to talk to you."
"About what?"
"About what happened out there." Ryoko pulled her arm free and 
stepped up on the dock.
"Forget it, there's nothing to talk about." 
"What about an apology?"
"You're not getting such pleasure out of me."
"No, from me." Ryoko, turned around and looked at her blankly.
"Did Tenchi put you up to this?" Ayeka shook her head and placed 
her hands on her lap. Ryoko slowly stepped in and sat back in the 
water.
"I realize your company will no doubt include nasty jokes."
"This is an apology."
"Shut up and let me finish.Anyways, I know you take delight in 
torturing me, but my actions were unsuitable for this situ." Ryoko 
stood up sharply.
" 'This situation?' I'm sorry Ayeka, but I don't need you or 
anyone to hold my hand! There is nothing wrong with me! I'm fine with 
this, granted I am worried, however, this is not a situation that I 
would be entitled to your sympathy!" Ryoko stormed off to the changing 
rooms and turned back before sliding the door shut. "It's funny how 
much you let yourself believe that your manners do you credit. Sympathy 
is only given when you want to, not when your damn lady-like reputation 
is in danger!"


	Two months past and the due date would fall on the end of the 
week. Washu's stomach had now grown to a normal size for an eight-month 
pregnant woman. This had rendered her normal clothes useless, so for 
the past month or show she was forced to wear sweatshirts and 
sweatpants. Ryoko had stormed away from the onsen that day and hasn't 
spoken to Ayeka since. Most of the time, she spent in her room and with 
Washu in the laboratory. Frankly Ayeka was stunned. She had no clue 
what to do, everyday she tried to talk to Ryoko, but was unsuccessful. 
She had realized the extent of her lack of judgment on the situation. 
The truth was, though she would never admit it, the promise she made 
was to ease her own mind, instead of Ryoko's. She now realized how much 
it had hurt her, now she spent every second of every day regretting her 
actions. The week would start off with everyone a little anxious, 
especially Washu.
	"If I never wear sweats again I'll die a happy woman!" Washu 
looked at herself in the mirror and frowned in disgust. "Ugh! Damn, 
these things are so ugly! After this, I'm burning these." Sasami stood 
by, hiding behind the corner and tried to hold back a giggle. Meanwhile 
Ryoko lay back on her rafter trying not to look too worried, but as 
usual Washu saw right through that. Of course being able to read her 
mind helped too. "Getting a little anxious there, Ryoko?" Washu didn't 
even turn around from the mirror, startled and a little embarrassed 
Ryoko nearly fell from her place.
	"W-What? I don't know what you're talking about Washu."
	"Oh so I see you've grown out of calling me Mom again hmmm?" 
Ryoko gritted her teeth and gave Washu a dirty look. "I'm kidding of 
course, but what I really want to know what happened between you and 
Ayeka." Ryoko fell back in her pillow and turned away.
	"There's nothing to talk about on that subject." Sasami face 
flustered and hung her head low, she hated seeing them like this. She 
never saw her sister have this bad of a fight before. She always saw 
her sister as a very kind and gentle creature. She had no idea how her 
sister could do something like this. Washu broke into her thoughts as 
she turned and walked to the living room.
	"Ah, so that's it! You think she." Ryoko jumped down and stopped 
her from finishing her sentence.
	"Will you please stop reading my mind?! Besides, I don't think, I 
know she did that. Just the way she acts, the way she implies things 
she's so damn." Ryoko stopped, and spotted Sasami hiding around the 
corner. She gave a sharp jerk with her head to motion her for privacy.
	"Nice save, almost in front of her sister," Washu watched as 
Sasami climbed the stairs to her room and slid the door.
	"She's just so damn.just so.aw hell!" Ryoko turned around and 
headed to the window and watched the stars shone from behind the 
clouds. "You have no clue how much it hurt. Usually I could shrug it 
off, but."
	"But what?" Washu put a hand on her shoulder and Ryoko instantly 
put hers on top of it.
	"But, she might be right. This whole thing might be getting to 
me. I don't know why, but.I just don't know." Washu looked at her from 
over her shoulder.
	"Why, are you worried about the baby getting my attention?"
	"No, it's not that. Something doesn't feel right about this.it 
feels."
	"Feels like what?"
	"I get this strange feeling, I sense something."
	"What?"
	"Evil."


	Kiyone stepped in the shower and turned on the water. A hot blast 
of water hit her smooth skin. Kiyone sighed, the water felt so good 
against her naked body, her joints were so sore. The hot water flowed 
over her and soaked into her long green hair and then trickled down her 
back. She had a long arduous day; her joints and muscles ached from 
running after thieves and murderers. She twisted and turned her neck as 
the hot water blasted her body, sinking into every nook and cranny. She 
grabbed the soap and started to wash as she thought. Her Mihoshi had 
slept a lot better after taking Washu's pills, no sleepless nights, and 
no horrifying nightmares. But a new nightmare became present, a living 
one. After she left Washu in the lab, something left a lasting chill 
down her spine. She got the feeling that something wasn't right about 
this; it was just so strange. Kiyone groaned as she grabbed her neck. 
For some reason, every time she spent the night on Yagame, she always 
got a sore neck and shoulders. She grabbed her neck and started to rub 
it with her right hand, of course, this didn't help much doing it 
herself. Then it seemed to get better, she sighed with pleasure as 
sudden relief came over her neck and shoulders. Nothing ever felt so 
good after a hard day. Kiyone sighed and let both her hands drop to her 
sides, 'Oh, this feels so good, I never thought I could do.' Then 
something in her head turned on a light as she noticed both her hands 
were at her sides, yet the massaging continued.
	"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKK!!!" Kiyone screamed as she 
turned around to see the also naked Mihoshi behind her. Kiyone 
desperately tried to cover herself as she turned off the water. 
"MIHOSHI!! WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING HERE??!!" 
	"Well, I noticed you had a kink in your neck, and since I was 
once trained to be a professional masseuse I figured."
	"Wait. You're a masseuse?"
	"Yep, I was taught by my grandfather. And I figured you might 
feel better if I got that kink out of your neck." Kiyone, smiled to 
herself. She had worked for Mihoshi for a long time, and if anything 
about her was true, it was that she was a total flake. No matter how 
many hours of training she put it, she would always be clumsy, and a 
lousy shot. But despite all this, sometimes she could be a pretty sweet 
girl.  
	"Thanks Mihoshi, your very thoughtful. Can you answer me one 
thing though?"
	"Sure, Kiyone, anything."
	"Ok, well can you tell me, WHY THE HELL YOU WERE TRYING TO GIVE 
ME A MASSAGE IN THE SHOWER???!!" <Ok folks, don't ask me why I put this 
scene in her. It was just a chance to be funny! ^-^>

	Ryoko sat on top of the roof staring up at the stars. Smoke 
bellowing from her cigarette as she reached it up to her lips and took 
a long drag. The smoke swirled around her, just like her thoughts 
swirling around in her head, not focused on any single one. The night 
was unusually warm tonight, so much so she hadn't needed a jacket. As 
she stared at the stares, clouds streamed across the sky, lightly 
fading the starlight. For what the stars failed to light, the moon made 
up for, the harvest moon had set in and was shining brightly above the 
water, making an orange reflection on the ripples. As the smoke settled 
in the air, some had leaked in the bathroom window where Ayeka had just 
finished getting ready for bed. Ayeka looked at herself in the mirror 
when the foul stench tickled her nostrils. She couched, her body trying 
to refuse the smoke from her lungs.
	"Ugh! Where is that coming from?" Ayeka sniffed around the room, 
finally ending at the window. She lifted the frame and peered her head 
out when she saw a smoke trail leading to the roof. 
	As Ayeka approached Ryoko on the roof, she saw her body slump, 
showing that she knew she was there. Not sure what to say Ayeka sat 
down next to her and stared up at the stars. Ryoko didn't respond, she 
just sat there still taking long deep drags on the cigarette. Ayeka 
tried to force a cough.
	"You know, It's not good to smoke around here with Washu's baby." 
Ayeka looked next to the woman and saw several snuffed butts. "Since 
when do you smoke anyway?" Ryoko turned her head and blew a full load 
of smoke in her face in the only response she's given in months. Ayeka 
gagged, trying to wave the smoke out of her face; but she didn't yell. 
She didn't say anything spiteful. Instead, "I'm serious, you really 
shouldn't." Ryoko interrupted her with a long sigh and snuffed the 
cigarette on her wrist. The flesh sizzled as the ash burned her skin, 
Ryoko didn't even flinch.
	"Happy now?" Ayeka couldn't find the words to speak; this was the 
first time Ryoko has spoken to her in two months. When she found the 
words Ryoko was already up and moving down off the roof.
	"I-I-I want to talk to you Ryoko." Ryoko didn't turn, nor stop 
moving. "I know you don't want to talk, so just listen. I know what I 
did was wrong, and every day I regret it. But now is not the time to do 
this. We should be happy now, Washu's baby is on the way, it could be 
here any day now!" Ayeka, stopped, realizing what she just said. She 
was making excuses again to apologize. "No, I shouldn't have said that 
either. I'm only making excuses to say this, now I realize I need to 
stop doing that. I realize, that it is only to protect my reputation, 
and I'm sorry about that too. I know now that I need to change for the 
better." Ryoko stopped in her tracks for a second. Ayeka sat their and 
bit her lip, hoping Ryoko would say something in return, even if it was 
to say "Your full of shit," anything she said would please her, just as 
long as she spoke to her. Then her heart shattered, her spirit crushed 
as she saw Ryoko disappear, leaving her alone on the roof. Just her and 
the stars, alone together.  

	 The next day Ayeka had trouble getting out of bed to face the 
world. She felt humbled, belittled by last night's confrontation. She 
never thought she would ever pour her heart and soul out to anyone, 
especially Ryoko. The day started off cool with a comfortable 
temperature not requiring a coat of jacket. The sky was clear without a 
cloud and the sun shone bright in its position in space. Due to this 
unusually well weather, the group had decided to have a picnic out in 
the field. Ayeka had walked downstairs to find Sasami packing the last 
of her amazing feast in the basket. Rice, noodles, sushi, shrimp, 
everything! Not a single food group was wasted in the preparation. 
Ayeka blushed and hung her head, she felt bad that she couldn't help 
her little sister. But, the way she cooked, maybe it was for the best. 
Sasami stood packing happily and humming when she spotted Ayeka around 
the corner.
	"Morning Sis! Hope you slept well." Ayeka smiled. Her sister, so 
young and didn't have to worry about anything worse than packing for a 
picnic. "We're all going for a picnic in the field." Ayeka grabbed her 
and Sasami's jacket out of the closet and draped them over her should 
as she helped carry the rather large baskets outside.
	"We might as well take these, just in case." Sasami smiled 
brightly.
	"Ok." As the two sisters walked down the path through the woods 
to the field, Sasami noticed her sister was unusually distant from the 
moment. Ayeka hadn't said a word since they left the house, and as she 
walked down the dirt path she stared straight in front of her, never 
turning away. 
	"Sis? You ok?" Sasmai startled her from her deep almost trance-
like state. Her shoulders jumped in shock and a chill ran down her back 
as she took a deep sigh. 
	"Oh.Sasami, you scared me. I'm sorry what did you say?"
	"Are you ok Ayeka?"
	"Uh, yes Sasami I'm fine, but where are the others?"
	"Oh, they're already there. All except Ryoko." Ayeka turned to 
her, trying hard not to look worried.
	"Where is she?" Sasami waved to Kiyone and the others as they 
entered the clearing.
	"No ones seen her since last night. She must've gone out for the 
day." Sasami left her sister's side as she ran to the blanket and 
greeted them all. Ayeka stood there, biting her lip, thinking.
	'Where could she have gone?' Sasami broke into her thoughts as 
she called for her from the middle of the field.
	"Ayeka come on!" Ayeka looked up and forced a smile.
	"Coming." As she walked up to the spot and sat down, she saw 
Washu in her sweat suit sitting on a pillow across from her. "Good 
morning Ms. Washu, how are you feeling today?" Washu looked up and gave 
her a dirty look, sweat droplets starting to form on her brow.
	"HOT!!" Washu tugged at the shirt, trying to force the cool air 
onto her chest. "Damn sweats are so hot and itchy! I be glad as soon as 
this baby is out and I return to my normal weight." Ayeka tried to hide 
a soft giggle by covering her mouth with her hand. 
	As soon as Sasami had opened the basket, no sooner then they all 
grabbed chopsticks and scooped platefuls of treats into their mouths. 
Between the chatter and slurping of noodles the issue of the baby had 
come again as it often did during these past months. 
	"So.*slurp* Washu, did you find anything else out about the baby? 
Like how it was conceived, or why it's growing so fast?" Kiyone slurped 
up her noodles between words. Washu opened one eye as she sipped her 
tea; the question had taken her by surprise. She had spent these months 
studying and pondering these questions herself.
	"After two months, you'd think there'd be more information 
wouldn't you?" Washu set down her tea and reached for some shrimp and 
rice, "Unfortunately, I have not found anything else besides what we 
already know but." 
	"But what?"
	"I did find one thing peculiar. I noticed one day before I 
started working that my machinery's power systems were nearly 
depleted!"
	"Why is that strange?" Washu narrowed her eyes and lowered the 
bowl of rice from her lips.
	"It takes nearly 500 years of power use before those systems need 
to be recharged. And I just charged it two years ago." Unknowingly 
eavesdropping on their conversation, the rest of them stopped dead. A 
lot of strange things were happening since this baby was conceived. Now 
this! A chill rolled down Kiyone's back as something popped in her 
mind.
	'500 years to use up that energy and after scanning that baby.OH! 
What if it's.' She didn't have time to finish, suddenly the sky grew 
dark as a large object hovered over them and blocked out the sun. As it 
hung there, an unseen force seemed to churn and whip the air and grass 
below them. This wind was so strong; the basket was blown out of sight. 
Kiyone shielded her eyes with one arm while desperately trying to keep 
her skirt of her sundress from flying up. 
	"What the hell is that?!" Tenchi looked up, trying to hold his 
footing as the object moved over to the side of them, letting the sun 
shine again. As it moved over the "wind" suddenly dropped and what they 
now could see as a ship, set itself upon the ground and went silent. As 
the group picked themselves up from the ground Tenchi kept his hand on 
the master key, he knew that strange ships NEVER brought good 
bedfellows. A high pitched hiss rang through the air as a small door on 
the side of the ship slide away allowing a ramp to fold out in front of 
them. The group watched as four dark figures immerged from the belly of 
the ship. As they stepped in the light, Tenchi could see two of each 
male and female humanoids in blue and silver uniforms. A black belt 
stretched from their waist and over their shoulder connecting to a 
silver shoulder pad. As they descended from the ramp Tenchi could see 
that each of them had a small black gun attached to their belts. 'This 
can't be good. But, best to try and start things off peacefully, just 
in case.' Tenchi walked up to them and started to greet them when the 
blonde male pushed passed him and presented himself in front of the 
others. The others would soon follow, each scanning the face of stunned 
picnickers.
	"We have come concerning the professor Washu!" Everyone turned 
and looked at her, the force of the wind had knocked her over and she 
now sat rubbing her head from the swell given by flying debris. Upon 
hearing her name her cheeks flushed and she stood up to face them. She 
scowled and swore under her breath, she just happens to get company 
when she's wearing her ugly gray sweats.
	"I'm sorry I'm not more presentable for you but I have nothing 
else that fits me now." The leader didn't seem to care he just stared 
at her while the others whispered to each other behind him. "Who are 
you?" The man took a few steps forward and lowered his head as he 
spoke.
	"That's not important right now. We're sorry to intrude on you 
picnic, but our arrival was based upon great importants!" As soon as he 
finished the sentence two of the others moved up to Washu and grabbed 
her by her arms and held her forcefully. Washu face shot with shock and 
fear as she struggled, but the two held her so fast and tight that she 
could barely move.
	"Hey! What's going on here?!" Washu struggled and threw her body, 
tying to shake the hard grip. Tenchi whipped out his sword when 
remaining visitor threw his fist and landed it on the connection of his 
back and neck, knocking him out cold. "Tenchi!!"
	"It's no use professor, we are deeply sorry to have to do this to 
one as brilliant as you." The man moved and pulled out his gun from his 
holster, "But we cannot let that child live!!" As he moved the gun down 
to the bulge in her stomach Washu only struggled more.
	"You IDIOT!! You kill that baby you kill me!!" But the words 
didn't move him, or his grip on the trigger.
	"Like I said, we are deeply sorry to do this to one of your 
brilliance." Ayeka stood there and watched as his finger tightened on 
the trigger, to frightened to activate her shield. 
	"YAAHHHHH!!!!!" Out of nowhere two red blurs sped down and 
crossed in front of the gunman. The gunman screamed as a flow of blood 
spirt out as his arm fell from his body, landing in a bloody heap on 
the ground. His companions ran to his side, using several different 
devices to try and stop the geyser of crimson blood. Ayeka and Washu 
turned to the side where the blurs had stopped.
	"Ryoko! Minagi!" The two stood side-by-side, swords ignited and 
clashing across each other, facing the offenders. 
	"Sorry we're late, but if 'sis' here wasn't so slow!!" Washu 
stepped forward with a smile on her face. 
	"Technically Ryoko, you're both her Mother and sister since she 
was conceived with only your DNA, and not another's." Ryoko scowled at 
her.
	"Now's not the time for technicalities or chit chat, we got some 
business to take care of!" Ryoko was about to move forward when 
Minagi's hand held her back.
	"We've already proved we'll kill them, let's try to talk before 
mutilating them!"
	"Don't get snotty!" Ryoko, put away her sword and walked to the 
fallen man, grasping his stump and screaming in pain. "Now, let's do 
things our way!"

	Minagi looked at the four strangers, safely behind a force block, 
holding them in their small cell in Washu's lab. The gunman clasping 
the healing device Washu attached to his stump, his arm was un-savable.
	"Now, isn't this more productive than killing everyone before we 
have time to ask questions." Ryoko folded her arms across her chest and 
sighed.
	"Well, it's not as fun but." Washu pushed her way through them, 
and stared in at the group. After a few taps on the computer screen 
they were able to communicate through the shield.
	"First things first guys. Who are you and why did you attack me?" 
Nothing, their lips sealed and the their jaws tightened. In seeing 
this, Washu closed her eyes and gave small smile. "Well, if you have 
lock jaw I suppose Ryoko and Minagi can always take another arm, or 
leg, or whatever. 16 eyes then shot over to the two 'sister/mother and 
daughter' pair, both with an evil grin on their face. The armless lead 
gave out a loud sigh and stood up.
	"I am Ichiro, and these are my partners." Ichiro motioned to his 
accomplices, starting with the women and then to the other male. 
"Haruko, Yukiko, and Jiro. We were all assigned to a rather important 
mission that lead us here." Washu crossed her arms and leaned back in 
her chair.
	"We have time!"
	"We are part of an organization that ensures protection 
throughout the universe concerning serious threats."
	"Where were you when Kain attacked?" Ichiro lowered his head and 
gritted his teeth, not exactly thrilled with his present situation.
	"Kain was unfortunately assigned to the unable hands of the 
Galaxy Police."
	"Why?"
	"Because a corporation we associate with wanted to study Kain. 
Try to isolate his power into a single weapon of mass destruction." 
Kiyone stepped forward furious.
	"FOOLS! No one can control that power once it's loose! I fought 
against that thing, I know it's power NO ONE can." Washu raised her 
hand in front of the officer, motioning for silence.
	"Please continue." 
	"Anyways, our organization deals with universal threats. And it 
was brought to our attention that an energy vacuum was loose in this 
galaxy." Kiyone looked puzzled.
	"Why is an energy vacuum a universal threat?"
	"This was no ordinary energy vacuum. This vacuum has a mind of 
it's own. It can think, and learn. It can also change its form, taking 
the shape of any form it comes in contact with. But it needs the energy 
to shift, every time it changes form it needs to re-supply its energy. 
We chased it this far across the galaxy because our concern was that it 
would find Juri energy. With even a small amount of Juri energy, this 
vacuum would become unstoppable!" Washu's eyes shot open and looked 
dead ahead.
	"Tenchi and Ayeka! They have Juri energy, it must have been lured 
here by it!" Ryoko, who had been silent until this point, pressed her 
face against the shield.
	"Then what does this have to do with Washu's baby?" Ichiro 
lowered his head and sighed.
	"The vacuum's energy conceived itself and changed form to the 
fetus. That is no baby your carrying professor, it's a monster!"

<Wow! Got kind tense there for a minute if I do say so myself! But will 
they keep the baby, or will they take the strangers' word and kill it? 
Only time, and I can tell!! ^-^> 
