Disclaimer- Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu and all other related characters or 
things to "Tenchi Muyo" are not owned by me. Neither do I claim to own 
them. However, additional characters not assoc. with the series are of 
my own creation. ^-^ Thanx!!

Chapter 3: Omen
By: Spectre

	Washu screamed as the pain ripped through her body. You'd think 
after one child already she might have expected it, but nothing was 
ever as painful as this. With Ryoko and Minagi beside her, Kiyone 
helped deliver the baby, for she had some medical training before she 
had joined the GP. With each push Washu could feel the baby tearing 
through the birth canal, pushing the word pain to new limits. Sweat 
poured from her brow and tears streamed down her face, her legs 
pressing down so hard she nearly bent the stirrups. Ryoko held her hand 
through it all, even through the crushing last pushes that almost 
destroyed her hands.
	"GET THIS THING OUT OF ME KIYONE!!!!" Washu screamed, unable to 
take the pain anymore. Kiyone looked up from behind the sheet they had 
placed over her and glared at Washu.
	"I know it hurts but you were the one that didn't want any 
drugs!! Now hang on we got one more push and the head should be out, I 
can see it now."
	"ARE YOU KIDDING ME I ALREADY PUSHED ENOUGH TO MOVE MT. FUGI?!"
	"I know and I'm sorry but you got to push for me!" Washu fell 
back and panted for air, trying to summon the strength to push. "Come 
on Washu, I know you can do it!" Gripping Ryoko's hand, Washu jerked 
her head up and pushed with all of the energy she had in her. The pain 
was unbearable, and as the head slid out she let out a bloodcurdling 
scream that echoed through the lab. As she fell back Washu could her 
the echoing scream being drowned by the baby's cries. "You did it Ms. 
Washu, I knew you could!" Washu didn't even have the strength to 
correct her, the only thing she could manage was an exhausted cry.
	"I-Is it a b-boy or girl?" Kiyone continued to clean it off and 
cut its cord when her face went cold with shock, nearly dropping the 
child.
	"Oh my g-god!!" Kiyone set the child down on the bed-rest and 
backpedaled, knowing over a tray of tools.
	"What is it? W-What's wrong with my baby?" Washu looked over and 
glanced in horror at her child. The baby was squirming and screaming in 
place, with its mouth open she could see that not only was its mouth 
full of teeth, but sharp fangs, all of them like razors. Its eyes were 
jet-black, pupil and all, and on the edge of its fingers were talon 
like claws dripping with Washu's blood. Washu screamed and burst into 
tears, nothing could have prepared her from that horror. As Kiyone 
scrambled for the door, a haunting voice echoed above Washu's head.
	"What's the matter 'Mom,' I thought you liked babies?"
	"Ryoko? W-What."
	"You like babies, you said so yourself. Don't you want to hold 
it?" Ryoko's eyes flashed with an almost evil light as she picked up 
her sibling.
	"Ryoko! No!" But Washu's cries were left unheard and the "child" 
was dropped into her arms. Washu screamed in terror as the thing tore 
into her, its only instinct at the time, ripping up her neck and chest 
with its long talons. Washu screamed as the blood spattered onto her 
face, crying for Ryoko to help, only answered by an evil laughter that 
haunted her ears and  pierced her soul.

	"WUHH!!" Washu shot up in her bed, the sheets wadded around her, 
the fan bellowing in her face. Washu clutched the sheets to her chest 
and looked around the dark empty room, the nightmares were coming more 
frequent now, even with her pills. Tears began to stream from her eyes 
as she buried her head into her arms, holding her knees up to her 
chest. Nothing had ever terrified her like that before, the earlier 
dreams started off the same, but she had never gotten that deep before. 
Each and every night her spine shivered and her skin would grow pale as 
she pulled up the sheets to her neck, dreading the inevitable dreams 
that would haunt her that night. Most of the time she would try to 
shrug it off with a little sake to calm her, but no matter what, they 
always came. She just couldn't bare it anymore. 
				KNOCK KNOCK  
	"Hello, Miss Washu? *Yawn* Are you all right? It's me, Kiyone." 
Washu looked up and dried the tears from her eyes, she shouldn't have 
to do this but she didn't want them to see her cry.
	"Yeah Kiyone, I'm fine, just a little nightmare." Kiyone cracked 
open the door and peered in.
	"You sure? Do you want to talk about it?" Washu shook her head 
and pulled on a pink, silk robe.
	"Really, I'm fine, I'm just going down to my lab to get myself 
one of those pills."
	"Ok." Kiyone slid the door open and let Washu pass before slid it 
behind them and walked beside her down the hall. "Oh by the way, those 
pills worked great Miss Washu, Kiyone and I haven't had a nightmare 
since. If they can work on Mihoshi, I guess they can work on anyone." 
Washu laughed nervously, the irony of it all, her own pills work for 
everyone else but her!
	"Yeah I guess so." She was about to head down the stair when 
Kiyone stopped her.
	"Wait, Miss Washu."
	"Yeah?"
	"I did a background check on our 'guests' at headquarters."
	"And?" Kiyone scratched her head in puzzlement.
	"That's the weird part, they say they work for the government but 
they have no history at all!" Washu cocked an eyebrow and stepped 
completely off the stairs, putting her full attention on Kiyone.
	"What? Impossible! Everyone has some kind of history on the 
computer databases, even Minagi has one, and she's a duplicate!"
	"I know, that's what I said. Every form of government logs all of 
their officers on the computer databases. Even the operation they claim 
to be from, so they can't be who they say they are."
	"Hmmm, couldn't there be some kind of mishap in the database?" 
Kiyone shook her head.
	"The operations computer may have a problem, but the GP database 
is updated almost everyday. If a computer from anywhere has a problem 
on the other end, the GP computer receives the data and filters out the 
problem. The only was these people not to exist in the database is the 
fact that they don't exist at all!" Washu grabbed her chin and thought 
hard before sending a sudden smile to Kiyone.
	"Come with me, let's have a chat with our new 'friends!'"

	"Wakey, Wakey!" Washu tapped on the force shield encasing the 
four visitors, all asleep. "HEY! WAKE UP!" Washu bellowed into the 
intercom system set up in the shield, jolting all of them out of their 
peaceful slumber. Ichiro shot up, startled and looked around until his 
eyes fixed on Washu angrily. 
	"You know, sleep deprivation is a for of torture. When we get out 
of here I'll be sure you are arrested for."
	"I don't think you have that kind of authority 'Ichiro.'" Washu 
crossed her arms and entered the shield, passing through the green 
light forced around the steel platform. "Try anything stupid and I'll 
turn you into nothing more but a small group of particles!" Ichiro 
shook his head and stood up to face her, still in her pink robe.
	"I wouldn't dream of it. Besides, it seems to me you have 
something urgent to say, unless it would have been suitable to cover 
oneself more completely." 
			**	WHAP     **
Washu sent her hand sailing across Ichiro's left cheek sharply, leaving 
a rose-red mark where it had contact.
	"I'm in no mood for games! Now I'm going to ask you what I want 
to here and you are going to tell me, got it?" Ichiro rubbed his cheek 
and smiled, not exactly an evil one, but a smile of one who sees humor 
in another's anger.
	"Fine, what do you want to know?" Washu pulled some files out of 
and astro pocket and threw them at Ichiro, scattering the papers across 
the platform.
	"Why you don't exist in any of the GP or government database 
files." Ichiro cocked an eyebrow as he bent over to scan through the 
scattered files. Then his eyes grew wide with fear as his shuffling 
became more frantic, slipping papers through his hands as he did show 
as if desperately trying to find something.
	"NO!! They can't do this to us!! DAMMIT!!" Ichiro shot up and 
slammed the papers against the wall, startling his accomplices.
	"What is it sir?" Jiro looked up at him from his place on the 
floor his eyes darting back and forth from the papers back to Ichiro.
	"They cut us off!!"
	"What?!" Jiro shot up as the girls scanned through the papers 
themselves with shocked faces.
	"They somehow hear of our capture and they cut us loose those 
bastards!!" Kiyone placed her face up against the shield, almost 
puzzled.
	"What do you mean cut you loose?" Washu turned back to glance at 
her and folded her arms once again.
	"It's standard government policy for them. Whenever an agent or 
agent gets into any form of trouble, to protect the security of the 
program, the government deletes all form of information on 
them.destroying their identity. This was thought to confuse the 
captors, but instead it made the agents easier to find. Despite the 
high risk, it is still used in some certain groups."
	"Exactly, now we are on our own. But, unless we kill the vacuum, 
they will send more agents after you." Washu grabbed Ichiro by the 
scruff of the neck and slammed him against the wall, her eyes deep with 
anger.
	"Now listen to me! I've just about had enough of this shift 
phaser bullshit!! You are going to tell me the truth right now Ichiro!" 
With each hate-filled sentence, Washu slammed Ichiro harder and harder 
against the wall, banging his head sharply against the cold steel. Even 
cooler than the wall, Ichiro's face failed to show emotion as this 
continued on, not even saying a word.
	"I have told you all we know about the truth you hold so dear." 
Washu's eyes began to tear as her teeth clenched harder together.
	"BULLSHIT!! Tell me now, why are you trying to kill my baby!" 
Washu continued her ranting, slamming Ichiro even harder, as blood 
began to trickle down his forehead and back of his neck. Kiyone just 
stood there in shock, her hand covering her mouth, unable to comprehend 
what was happening before her. As for the rest of the agents, they were 
as shocked as Washu, unable to move or even understand what was going 
through her mind. Washu looked into his eyes as tears poured from her 
own, with each silence he gave her, she slammed him harder, making the 
blood spurt faster down his head, some even splattering on her cheek. 
Finally, she couldn't take it anymore, she was emotionally and 
physically drained, she collapsed onto her knees, weeping 
uncontrollably. "Why do you want to kill my baby?"


	The cool night breeze rustled the leaves around her, sending some 
into flight out in the dark abyss. The tree was one of the tallest in 
the forest and was fall enough from the house for her to be alone. 
Well, not all alone, Ryo-oh-ki sat on her lap purring happily as she 
was stroked gently on the top of her head. The wind blew her flowing 
blue hair across her face, gently tickling her cheeks. The dark was so 
continuous, no lights were seen anywhere, the dense forest blocked 
those from the house. The only light in sight was the moon and stars, 
and endless canvas of black and white engulfing the earth and drowning 
the sun. She couldn't tell just how long she had been out here but she 
didn't really care either. The past few months had been hard on her, 
she wasn't herself at all, and this whole thing with Ichiro worried 
her. She has seen a lot of unexplainable things since becoming the 
ruthless space pirate she had been for thousands of years before, but 
nothing could get her believe a form phaser acting as an energy vacuum. 
But, what if they were telling the truth? What would be more dangerous, 
murderers, or a form phaser? Considering the terrible things she has 
seen in her travels, she could only hope they were lying.  
	"So there you are Ryoko! I've been looking for you, we haven't 
seen you all day!" Ryoko didn't move, nor respond.
	'This has to be serious,' she thought to herself, 'I don't even 
want to talk to Tenchi!' Just as the thought entered her mind Tenchi 
called up again, this time his voice was more of a softer, more 
concerned tone.
	"Ryoko? You alright?" 
	"Just go away, I don't feel like talking right now." Ryoko buried 
her face in her arms and pulled her knees to her chest, nudging Ryo-oh-
ki off her lap and onto the branch. Tenchi glanced up and down the 
tree, looking for a way up, but the side was barren and all the 
branches thrust out of the top, where Ryoko was. Just the way this tree 
was formed suggested Ryoko picked it for this reason. 
	"Not even to me?" Ryoko shook her head, she didn't know why; she 
was too high for Tenchi to see it anyway. As her mind began to wonder 
around, trying to make sense of the present situation her eyes began to 
tear, and a voice inside called to her.
	"What's wrong sis?" Ryoko moved her head up slightly, just so her 
eyes could make contact with Minagi, but as her eyes cleared her arm, 
she could not see a trace of her sister/daughter. "What ever it is I'm 
sure he can help." With that an unseen force sent Tenchi from the 
ground immediately up to the branch. 
	"Whoa! What the.?" As Tenchi settled himself on the branch he 
looked around, darting his eyes, searching for what sent him up there. 
"Did you do that Ryoko?" Ryoko didn't respond, instead her eyes once 
again sink into her soft skin. In the distance, Minagi gave a small 
smile, knowing that if anyone could help her sister/mother with the 
current happenings, it would be Tenchi. She knew, Washu had tried to 
talk to her about it, but she also knew the way Ryoko's emotions 
revolved themselves. "So, um.uh." Tenchi sought for the perfect words 
to say, the perfect way to get Ryoko to talk. "How long have you been 
up here?" No reply, Tenchi hung his head down and searched for 
something more, there had to be a way to.
	"Eight hundred years as a space pirate, and this is how I've 
toughened up. I-I don't know what's wrong with me Tenchi." Tears began 
to pour from her eyes, but as much as she tried to hide it, Tenchi 
could see her pain, empathy took over. All these years that they had 
been together, he had never seen her like this, and not once did he 
understand her feelings. He always thought she was nothing more but a 
troubled girl that had always made the wrong decisions. But now he 
could see her, as she really was, not a ruthless space pirate, but a 
resilient young woman who had overpowering feelings and emotions she 
had shut away from the world and herself. All his life with her, she 
had made sure to protect and comfort him whenever she could, now it was 
his turn.
	"Ryoko, it's alright, everything is going to be fine." Tenchi 
scolded himself; that was probably the worst thing to say at this time. 
For one thing he didn't even know what worried her, and just saying 
that could make her think he didn't care what it was. He knew himself 
it wasn't true, but he had to make sure she did as well. Tenchi leaned 
over and wrapped his arm around her, she was cold, the night breeze had 
chilled her skin and stiffened her clothes. The night dew from the 
trees had sent tiny droplets forming on the leaves above her falling 
onto her skin, sending chills down her back with each drop. "I know 
things have been tense for you lately, and I know I really haven't 
tried to ask you why either, for that I am sorry." Ryoko unclenched her 
grip on her knees and slowly folded out, drifting deeper into his arms.
	"No, it's my fault. Instead of letting people talk with me about 
how I really feel, besides Washu, I just turn away from them. Like 
tonight, before anyone could even start with me, I hid up here. I guess 
I really don't know what to tell them." Tenchi gentle held her closer.
	"Washu told me what you said to her." Ryoko's head jerked up and 
looked at him with frightened eyes. "Do you think there is a connection 
with them and." Before Tenchi could finish Ryoko pulled away from him 
and turned her back, letting her legs dangle off the edge of the 
branch.
	"Of course not! That's ridiculous! If I think anything, it is 
that we should send our 'friends' back to the government in pieces! I." 
Ryoko paused, she did it again, once more she had separated herself 
further from the others emotionally. But she really couldn't tell him 
what she really felt, because the truth was, she really didn't know 
what was going on. At this point, she didn't quite know what to believe 
anymore. Her speech stumbled, trying to find the best thing to tell 
him, without hiding herself further. "I.I." Her mouth had opened, her 
mind was primed, but nothing had come. The speech that she once had, 
was taken from her, right now, there was only one thing that came to 
her mind. The only thing that could take he mind off the staggering 
emotional pain that paralyzed her. "I don't know." Quickly she turned 
back, and fell into his strong arms, pressing her face against his 
chest. This took Tenchi by surprise, at first he didn't quite know what 
to do, all he had on his mind was keeping his balance so they would be 
sent crashing down to the grass. As she clung to him, he wrapped his 
arms around her, unsure and gently at first. But soon, after empathy 
took over, his embrace tightened, ever so slightly, giving her the 
security and comfort she deeply needed. ".Tenchi." She felt warm in his 
arms, but a different sort of warm, a soothing glow inside her, as he 
held her tight. As they cradled in each other's embrace, the night 
passed by, bringing the eternal peace of sleep, but not before a single 
tear fell down Ryoko's warm, soft cheek.


	"Washu.I got something here I think you might find interesting." 
Kiyone looked over her shoulder from her place at the computer console 
and motioned her over. Washu looked up, after she collapsed in the 
shield, she could barely remember when things got back to normal. All 
she could remember up this point was wrapping a bandage around Ichiro's 
bloody forehead, unable to look him in the eye. 
	"What is it?"
	"I've been checking out the update files from the GP database 
since yesterday." Kiyone clicked through several smaller screens until 
she settled upon a full-sized screen baring the seal of the Galaxy 
Police. "All the files updated into the GP database are synchronized 
based on the origin. Unless the entire sync is changed, no singular 
database can change its sync time without GP authorization." Kiyone 
scrolled down a list of all the update sync times for different 
databases until she highlighted the sync time for GTDF. "The Galactic 
Threat Defense Force."
	"That's where Ichiro and the rest are from right?"
	"According to their story, yes. Now look at its scheduled sync 
time for the GP database system, 197.30 right?"
	"Yeah, so what did you find?" Washu was not seeing where this was 
going. Kiyone motioned her closer and switched to a similar screen 
baring the FP seal.
	"This is the list of database updates from yesterday. Notice 
something strange?" Kiyone fell back in her chair as Washu leaned in 
closer for another look at the screen, her eyes scrolling down the long 
list until they fell on the sync time for GTDF, 195.30. "GTDF's sync 
time is early by approximately two time units."
	"A little eager to update their GP system aren't they?" Then it 
hit her; Washu stepped back and looked over to their prisoners in the 
cold cell by the corner. "Like they had something they wanted to get 
rid of."
	"Like the profiles and mission reports of captured agents?" 
	"Exactly. Hey, there just might be two geniuses in this room."
	"Well, I guess that clinches it, they're defiantly from GTDF."
	"WHOA! Not so fast, oh presumable one! Unless we can find solid 
proof linking them to GTDF, it can only be logged as a coincidence."
	"Well, how do we find that? Their files were all deleted from the 
system. There's nothing left to go on less than someone with a 
photographic memory!"
	"Au contraire! Deleted files are just like memories in the human 
mind. They aren't lost, just forgotten, scattered into several pieces 
in the system. Now if we can find those pieces and link them together, 
we could have at least some of those files." Washu pushed Kiyone aside 
and sat down into the chair, crossing her arms while scanning the 
present options of the situation. "But, unfortunately, in order to find 
those files we have to crack into the GTDF system itself." Washu leaned 
back into her chair and closed her eyes, letting her mind and speech 
mix together and work for each other. "You see we can only search for 
those files in the place they were created and deleted. Anywhere else, 
and we would spend a whole lot of time searching for a whole lot of 
nothing!" Kiyone leaned over from her place beside the small genius and 
looked down at her unsure of the task at hand.
	"Can you do that?" Washu opened one eye and glared at her, almost 
to say 'Baka-na!'
	"Of course I can!! Hey, you're talking to the number one genius 
in the universe here! I can crack the GTDF system and play computer 
solitaire at the same time if I wanted to!!" Washu leaned forward and 
started tapping against the keys on the console, her fingers moving 
lightning fast, her eyes barely moving from their place fixed upon the 
screen in front of her. Kiyone stood back in amazement and looked at 
her watch resting on her wrist, almost six a.m., everyone should be up 
soon. 
	"Well, I'm going for a shower Miss Washu, I'll be back soon. Just 
let me know when you're."
	"All done!!" Her proud, sharp voice rang out from her place at 
the computer. Washu, sitting proudly in her place folded her arms 
across her chest with a wide smile across her face.
	"WHAT?!" Kiyone nearly stumbled to the floor, still in her 
nightclothes; she managed to collect herself and scramble over to the 
computer console where Washu sat, arms still folded, but with a wider 
smile than before.
	"You shouldn't be surprised by now!" As Kiyone approached her 
from behind, Washu promptly brought up the encrypted files she found 
hidden amongst many other scattered files in the government system. 
With a single keystroke, the files began to fix together like a 
computer jigsaw, several text and graphic files fusing together to form 
four separate files. As the files began to appear onto the screen, 
Kiyone simply stared in amazement.
	"S-So, these are the files you were able to find?"
	"Uh-huh. Now, they're not complete mind you, I could only find 
eighty percent of most of the original files so we might have a few 
words or sentences missing, nothing to worry about if they confirm our 
'friends' story!" Washu looked over and saw Kiyone standing next to 
her, yawning. "Here," with a wave of her hand a cup of tea appeared in 
the GPO's hand, warming it up with the first touch, "drink up, it's 
going to be a long day!"


	The darkness swirled around her, a black spinning abyss drowning 
her in the cold, unknown obscurity. She turned her head to each side, 
searching for something definite, something absolute in origin, 
something she could recognize as a solid memory. Nothing that she could 
recognize surrounded her, nearly suffocating her in an atypical void in 
her mind. Fear choked her, paralyzed her, making her doubt a return 
from this hell she was thrown in. As she was sent tumbling end-over-
end, Sasami opened her mouth to scream. At this point, screaming was 
the only reaction she knew of, unsure of her present location, and her 
destination. As her lips parted, the choking fear gripped her throat, 
preventing her from gathering the strength to speak. 
As she looked down past her dress flowing in the speed at which 
she was plummeting, a blinding white light began to manifest below her. 
Sasami shielded her eyes as best she could, still allowing gaps for her 
to peek through her hands. As she fell closer to it, the light expanded 
from a small white dot, to a long thing rectangle, recognizing the 
light of a sun clearing the horizon. As the light expanded, it grew 
brighter, piercing through the eternal darkness that seemed to have 
consumed the young princess. Fear gripped her even tighter than before, 
but somehow, in this overpowering emotion, Sasami found the strength to 
cry for help, that which this point, she knew was useless.
"Tenchi!! Sister Ayeka!! Someone help me, please!!" With that, 
she stopped. Somehow in the great speed at which had propelled her for 
so very long, she had stopped. The light below her had completely shut 
out the darkness that had once covered her in fear. She hadn't slowed, 
neither was she jerked violently to a stop instead it seemed that her 
surroundings had stopped themselves besides her. All became quiet, no 
longer was she choked with fear, like the darkness, the fear was 
somehow swept away as soon as her cry rang out of her mouth. Then, a 
soothing female voice echoed out from the light surrounding her, a 
voice that she had known all too well.
"Do not be afraid young Sasami, I have no intent to hurt you. I 
have brought you here for a matter a great importance." Before Sasami 
could reply, the light strobed around her until it once again grew more 
brilliant, blinding her to the destination. As the light subsided, 
Sasami looked around and drank in the surroundings. All around her, a 
cavernous garden of trees, surrounded by water and light with a bluish 
hue. As she glanced down into the water a drop of dew fell from a large 
tree in the center of the garden. The water began to ripple, sending 
tiny waves cruising through the water, but somewhere in between them a 
human form began to manifest, taking shape into a beautiful female with 
blue flowing hair.
"Tsunami?" Sasami blinked as the brilliant colors of Tsunami's 
robes reflected off onto the water. Slowly she lifted her head and 
faced the astonishing beauty that was Tsunami.
"Yes Sasami, it is I. I have brought you here to warn you Sasami. 
To warn you all." The fear began to slowly return to Sasami as 
Tsunami's words reached her ears.
"W-Warn us? Warn us about what?" Tsunami smiled softly down at 
her as Sasami slowly drifted back, away from her. Gently, Tsunami 
walked up to her and kneeled down, and smiled at her, trying to soothe 
her. As she placed her soft hands gently onto her temples, Sasami tried 
to pull back, unsure of what to think.
"Do not be afraid young Sasami, I am not going to hurt you." Once 
again, Tsunami closed her eyes and placed her hands on each side of 
Sasami's head and leaned forward. As she did so, her small green accent 
dots on her forehead began to glow in a soothing pale light. At the 
same moment in time, Sasami's own accent marks began to glow in the 
same pale light, soothing her with an unheard of peace. The two were 
now connected with the power of Tsunami, in total peace. But as the two 
foreheads touched, a flash of light and ghastly images began to fill 
Sasami's mind. Flashes of bloodshed and war screamed through her mind. 
Then, the choking fear returned in full force as Sasami was given 
images of bloody mangled corpses, not just any corpses, but the cold 
bodies of Tenchi, Ryoko, Ayeka, Minagi, and Washu strone across the 
debris of the Masaki ranch house. Her eyes darted this way and that, 
trying to escape the horror of it all, the violence, the utter and 
inescapable violence of the scene overpowered her, filled her with the 
choking fear that paralyzed her so.
"What's going on Tsunami?! Why are you showing me this?" As she 
spoke her eyes glanced around the horrifying scene, darting from one 
body to the next, mangled and torn apart by an unseen terror, an 
unknown nightmare that hade plagued them all. "Please make it stop!! 
PLEASE, DON'T SHOW ME ANYMORE!" The images faded as the face of Tsunami 
came back into focus in front of Sasami's tear-filled eyes. "Why? Why 
did you show me that?"
"I had no choice Sasami. I needed to show you that because it was 
the only way I could warn you."
"Warn us about what?"
"The unborn child that Washu carries. These will be the images of 
the future if they are not warned. Please Sasami, warn the others, it 
is the only way to escape the horror of the future."

"TSUNAMI WAIT! PLEASE HELP US!!" Sasami shot up, screaming from 
her cot on the floor, her accent marks glowing a pale green light, her 
hair fallen out of her night covers, draping down to the floor, 
resembling that of Tsunami.
"Sasami! Calm down, are you all right? Did you have a bad dream?" 
Ayeka threw away her own cover and went over to Sasami's side, placing 
a hand on her shoulder. Sasami looked up at her with blank eyes, Ayeka 
watched as the glow emitting from Sasami's accent marks diminished 
before her eyes.
"Sister Ayeka, we have to warn the others, Tsunami told me."
"Hold on a second, calm down, warn them about what?"
"Warn them about." Before she could finish Mihoshi came bursting 
through the door panting, trying to catch her breath before delivering 
the urgent news. Her chest heaved up and down as she drew more into her 
lungs, desperately trying to catch up.
"Mihoshi? What's wrong? And next time please kno."
"Washu is starting to get contractions! The Baby's coming!!"

Special Thanks To:
My good friend Mel
Clare
Lauren, and all the rest of you who 
have supported me with you mail

<Well, there it is!! The third chapter you've been waiting for!! If you 
were hoping to see the birth in this chapter I'm sorry to disappoint 
you, so I guess you'll have to wait. Well, for those of you who love my 
work (my esteemed public ^-^) you will be getting a lot more fictions 
out of me now that it is summer! As you can see above, I got a couple 
people to thank, when I was working on this series, some of you were 
kind enough to give me your support and show your interest in my work, 
this one is for you guys! Well, got to go!>

	


