Disclaimer- Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu and all other related characters or 
things to "Tenchi Muyo" are not owned by me. Neither do I claim to own 
them. However, additional characters not assoc. with the series are of 
my own creation. ^-^ Thanx!!

Chapter 1: The Big Surprise!
By: Spectre

	It had been almost a month now since Washu collapsed, all had 
returned to normal, even Ryoko. Although the bond between her and Washu 
had now strengthened, however, being the woman she is, she tried not to 
show it. He and Washu had their own little was of showing their bond to 
each other, the mind link between them allowed their thoughts to pass 
unheard to each other. As for Washu herself, the experience had somehow 
changed her, for the past month she seemed.different, detached from the 
rest of the world. No one quite knew what it was, they always assumed 
it was Ryoko's affection that had changed her, but in all truth, it was 
something even the small genius couldn't explain. Trying to keep the 
peace, Tenchi made Ayeka share her stereo with Ryoko, of course this 
wasn't exactly easy to get it back from her, Ayeka was glad to do so. 
Sometime that day Washu fell, something in Ayeka changed. Her respect 
for Ryoko was slightly elevated, <Emphasis on SLIGHTLY, Because Ryoko 
still found ways to get under her skin ^-^> the emotion she displayed 
during that trying time could not have come from the demon she thought 
she was. 
	The day was another cool day as summer drifted away as fall took 
its place, the leaves were starting to turn as the bark of the trees 
became cold and brittle. As Sasami stepped outside with a light jacket 
thrown over her shoulders, she gazed in wonder at all the beautiful 
colors of the leaves. Hues of red, green, yellow, orange and purple 
blurred all around her as she walked up the path to the onsen. Carrying 
a small bucket a change of clothes and a towel with her, she shivered 
as the cold breeze blew threw the air and clenched the jacket tightly 
around her. The breeze blew softly and silently through the trees only 
leaving the sound of rustling leaves. Sasami pulled away strands of her 
long blue hair from her face, blown by the breeze. As he got closer to 
the onsen entrance, Sasami noticed the sun weave behind some clouds and 
cast a large shadow around the entire region. As she looked up she 
thought to herself, 'How menacing those clouds look, better make this 
quick!' Sasami now quickened her pace to the sliding doors and hoped 
that the storm would hold off until she got out. 
	Sasami slid the changing room door behind her and let her 
shimmering hair down, "Great, no one here." Sasami slowly slid herself 
into the water and leaned back to enjoy the relaxing warmth of the 
baths. She breathed in deeply letting the moist air enter her lungs; it 
soothed her like nothing else. The onsen waters caressed her skin, 
making every inch of her body tingle. She let out a long sigh as she 
slid down further in the water, submerging her body up to her 
shoulders. She then let her head lean back to soak the length of her 
hair, the water seemed to rush up it as it soaked it, nothing else felt 
better to her. The warm caress of her soaked hair now touched the back 
of her neck and head, warming it, comforting her more than she thought 
humanly possible. She sat there for a while, thinking of nothing but 
the waters caressing her body and soaked in her surroundings. She 
closed her eyes and set her head on the edge of the deck, she listened 
to the soft sounds of the waterfalls in the distance and the water 
lapping against her body. She may seem like a child but she was more 
mature than she led on to be, when she went off to "play" she had 
really gone to a secluded area on the top of a hill to take in the 
surrounding sights and sounds of the day. She would sometimes even sit 
and draw the landscapes around her.
	
?CRASH.BOOOM!?

The loud crashing of thunder outside shook the onsen and rippled 
the water surrounding the girl. Sasami's eyes shot open and looked 
outside, the sky had now turned jet black and patter of rain hit 
against the glass dome covering the baths.
"OH NO!!" Sasami jumped out of the baths, threw on a towel put 
her face against the glass for a better look, to see if someone was 
coming to get her. Along the path the trees were swaying in the wind 
now thundering across the plains. The whole area was dark and blackened 
by the clouds hanging above the land; one would need a flashlight to 
see!  
"Pretty bad storm huh?" A voice sounded behind her without 
warning, Sasami screamed as she clenched the towel around her naked 
body and wheeled around.
"Washu?! What are you doing here?" Sasami, sighed in relief, she 
didn't mind Washu there, but if Tenchi had seen her, or even.Sasami 
quickly shook that thought out of her mind, 'Tenchi would never do 
that!' Washu broke into her thoughts.
"What do you think I am doing? I knew there was a storm coming, 
but I didn't know it was gonna be this soon!" Sasami relaxed a bit, she 
knew she'd be safe with Washu here with her. Then she noticed with a 
towel also wrapped around her, a small bulge around her abdomen. Sasami 
was puzzled, she never thought Washu would ever let herself gain 
weight, if anything, she thought Washu would end up as thin as a 
toothpick due to her eating habits. Washu looked down at her, seeing 
the girl's puzzled look.
"So, you noticed it too eh?" Sasami blushed and turned away in 
shame.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to."
"Aw don't worry about it, I'm surprised it took someone this long 
to notice!"
"Did you gain weight?"
"A little I guess but I haven't changed my eating habits a bit! 
Maybe it's your delicious cooking fattening me up." Washu smiled and 
rubbed the girls head. Sasami giggled and turned back to the glass.
"How long do you think it's going to last Washu?" Washu stepped 
up to the glass and looked out.
"I don't know it shouldn't be long though. We have time to finish 
up before the others worry and come out." Washu quickly turned away, 
removed her towel and returned to her area of the baths. As she sat in 
the water she examined her stomach, it seemed so strange to her. She 
usually was very good with her weight, but she hadn't even eaten more 
than she usually did. 'What's going on?' she thought to herself. It was 
there she decided to ask Sasami to try not and tell anyone. Although a 
universal genius, Washu was not without her human modesty.  

Yagame was orbiting Jupiter that morning, carrying the two young 
GPO's with it. They were on their break and decided to relax and let 
the orbital pull to guide them. Kiyone fell into the soft, leather 
control seat and snapped open a can of soda. It had been a rough day, 
after chasing a couple of suspected "runners" <GPD code for smugglers> 
Yagame's central guidance was damaged by small meteorite fragments. 
That was only half of what happened that day! 
"Oh man, when is this day going to end?" Mihoshi sat down in the 
chair next to her and let her feet up.
"I know how you feel. I  got to get up early tomorrow, the chief 
wants me to run a diagnostic scan on 'Serra.'" 
"'Serrra,' you mean the new pulsar weapon being issued to all GPD 
patrol ships?"
"Yeah, I need to be there by 4:30 tomorrow morning." Mihoshi 
leaned back and closed her eyes trying to get some rest before their 
shift continued. Kiyone lowered the can from her lip and stared at her 
partner.
"You're telling me that they're trusting one of the most 
expensive GPD projects in your hands?!"
"It's just a diagnostic scan! Oh, and he says after that I get 
the first part of my morning shift off to rest after." Kiyone sipped 
her drink and scowled at herself. 'I never received an offer to scan 
'Serra!'' she thought. Just then Yagame's computer database became 
active, radar and transmission screens popped up all over the control 
panel.
"What the.?" Kiyone threw her drink down and tapped at the 
controls. Several screens popped up in front of her displaying pictures 
of space before them and energy readings. "Mihoshi, get on the horn 
with headquarters, tell them we're tracking an unknown mass of energy 
heading at coordinates 250.356.829 in the east quadrant." Kiyone looked 
at the coordinates again, sweat pouring from her brow, 'Wait a minute. 
That means its heading right for.' Mihoshi broke into her thoughts.
"I can't contact headquarters, something's interfering with the 
communications link-up! Hailing frequencies, emergency channels, 
everything's blocked out." Kiyone looked up from the control panel and 
out the viewing window into vast space in front of them. Then 
everything shorted out and Yagame went silent, the lights flickered and 
died, stunned, Kiyone desperately tried to bring the system back 
online. As she glanced up at the window she noticed a bright ball of 
light floating just in front of the ship.
"M-Mihoshi?!" Mihoshi, who had stumbled over a rather large piece 
of equipment looked over and saw the light as well. The light spent 
many minutes just floating there, captivating the GPO's.
"What is it Kiyone?"
"I don't know. Do you think.the unknown energy source we 
detected??" Without any sign of warning, the ball of light flashed and 
streaked past the ship at an amazing amount of speed. The force given 
by the speed in which the ball was moving sent the "dead" ship tumbling 
and spinning in its orbit. Kiyone and Mihoshi were sent flying and 
tumbling inside the ship crashing into the walls and control panel. At 
one point the ship had seemed to be released from orbit and then re-
entered in a matter of seconds, jumbling and churning it's passengers 
inside. Finally the ship settled upright, but inertia kept it moving in 
orbit. Kiyone looked up from under her blonde partners hair just in 
time to see the power return. She and Mihoshi had been tossed all the 
way to the back of the ship, landing Mihoshi on top, unconscious from a 
strong blow to the head when she hit the control console. Kiyone, 
dazed, let her head drop to the floor and sighed. Her whole body ached, 
and her partner wasn't exactly the lightest person in the galaxy. Then 
she noticed the navigation screen presented on the now working console. 
The tracking system had been initiated and was now predicting the 
energy's destination. Kiyone watched anxiously as the computer 
calculated the most accurate estimate based on direction and speed, 
DESTINATION..E A R T H.

Kiyone shot up in her bed, sweat pouring from her forehead, the 
sheets wadded around her. Kiyone sucked in air and quickly pushed it 
out again, trying to catch her breath. She put her hand on her bare 
chest as she breathed, her hand already sweaty and hot at the touch. It 
had been a month ago, but it still unnerved her, the day right before 
Washu was stricken down, the words on the screen played over and over 
again in her mind, torturing her, not allowing her or her partner to 
rest. She looked over next to her, for once, Mihoshi was fast asleep, 
drool flowing from the corner of her mouth as she snored. This was the 
first time since the incident Mihoshi got any sleep, Kiyone smiled and 
pushed her waded, sweaty hair out of her eyes and got up to get a 
drink. As she pulled on a buttoned T-shirt she heard the house clock 
ring the hour, three a.m., this thing was going to kill her before she 
gets a chance to figure out what it was. 
She sat down at the kitchen table with her glass of imported red 
wine, usually she just had tea or water, but this ordeal was shattering 
her nerves. She sipped it quietly and tried to piece things together. 
The sour drink tingled her lips and tongue as she swished it in her 
mouth. She then let it trickle down her throat slowly and smoothly. In 
the next room she could hear Mihoshi moaning in her sleep, the covers 
rustled as she tossed and turned. 'Another nightmare, poor thing, she 
finally gets a full night's sleep and she has to be torn by 
nightmares,' Kiyone thought to herself, taking another sip of her wine. 
She set the glass down on the table and folded her hands in front of 
her, 'How could such a small ball of energy be so powerful?' 'Even 
Yagame's internal energy system had shut down, only a massive amount of 
electrical energy is capable of such an act. That thing wasn't even as 
big as a baseball!' Her thoughts were then shattered by a scream that 
chilled the spine and made the blood boil, Mihoshi screamed wildly, 
kicking and punching air around her on her futon. Kiyone jumped from 
the table, knocking it just enough to push the glass over onto the 
floor and shatter. She raced into the bedroom and shook Mihoshi.
"Mihoshi! Mihoshi wake up, it's just a dream!!" But the dream 
would not release her, the woman's screams and flailing continued. 
"Mihoshi!" Kiyone shook harder until the dream released its powerful 
grip on her and Mihoshi woke up. "Mihoshi, it's ok, it was just a 
dream!" Mihoshi burst into tears, trembling all over, still shaken by 
the images in her dream.
"KIYONE!! *sob* It was terrible!!" Kiyone held her close as 
Mihoshi sobbed on her shoulder very shaken and more afraid than Kiyone 
had ever seen her. "I-I saw a demon, a monster. It.I-it was horrible." 
Kiyone rocked her and tried to soothe her.
"It's ok Mihoshi, what happened, what did it do?" Mihoshi's sobs 
stopped abruptly and she looked straight in her partner's eyes. Her 
eyes were cold and frightened, this made Kiyone very nervous, in all 
her days working with Mihoshi she never saw her shaken up like this. 
"It's ok, tell me what happened."
"It killed us.It killed us all!"
	
	Down in her sub-space laboratory, Washu tapped on the computer 
console in front of her. Colored lights flashed as screens pooped up 
all around her, displaying energy readings and scans covering every 
inch of the surrounding galaxies. A time bar rose in front of her, 
counting down to the results of the scans. Kiyone and Mihoshi stood 
behind her in their nightclothes watching, anxious to find something 
that would put their mind at ease.
	 "Sorry again to call so late Washu-san." Kiyone clenched the 
robe tightly to her body, chilled by the cold of the cavernous room.
	"No problem, Kiyone, but PLEASE, no san, just Washu." Kiyone 
rolled her eyes; she was not in the mood for this nonsense. "I was up 
doing so research anyway." Kiyone looked at her watch on the inside of 
her wrist. 
	'4:35 a.m. and she was still up working?? No wonder she sleeps in 
so late! ^-^?' Kiyone thought to herself as she sighed heavily. She 
looked over at Mihoshi, the young woman was still pretty shaken by the 
dream and was shivering from the cold. Kiyone took off her robe and put 
it around her partner.
	"You ok?" Mihoshi held the cotton robe tightly to herself and 
nodded, returning her attention to the screens on the console. Mihoshi 
spotted a small bottle of pills next to some tea, resting on a 
levitated table next to Washu's chair and picked it up.
	"Diet pills?" Washu's head shot around and she grabbed the pills, 
stuffing them in her pocket.
	"Uh.those are just something for my research, yeah. Ha ha ha. 
Nothing special." Washu quickly changed the subject, to clear their 
mind off the matter, the less who knew about it the better. "So 
Mihoshi, when you tried to call headquarters you got only static?"
	"What? Oh! No, there wasn't anything at all, no transfer tone, no 
password request, nothing!" Washu scratched her head as she thought, 
waiting for the scan results to complete. 
	"Hmmm. If this thing was only rerouting the energy from Yagame 
the communicator would still have gotten static, in the best case 
scenario a very weak signal."
	"What?" Kiyone looked at the screen in front of her displaying 
data for the Yagame energy system.
	"You see, the communicators fixed on the GPD ships are part of a 
single network run by lasers. Not only do these lasers connect the 
communication, but it also shares the energy in all ships to power a 
communicator from any ship incases of a blackout or power failure. In 
this case, the power was not rerouted, but it was instead overpowered 
by that ball you encountered, and absorbed into it. This not only took 
the power from your ship, but also took the power given to you by the 
sharing ships, therefore disabling the communication systems! Am I good 
or what?! ^-^" Kiyone stood there dazed, still trying to get in all the 
information in. All this buzzed in her mind, it took her a while to get 
the gist of it before Washu simplified it for her. "In other words, 
it's an energy vacuum. It simply sucked up your power."
	"Then why did our power return after it left?"
	"The vacuum only took the power you were generating at the time, 
once it left, the power was sent back through the ship. You see, the 
power generator was running the whole time, it was just getting 
absorbed by the vacuum. When the vacuum left, the power was no longer 
getting absorbed so it returned to flow through Yagame's circuitry." 
Then a sharp bleep sounded as the time bar on the console disappeared 
and was replaced by the scan results. "No to see where the little ankle 
biter is now." As Washu scrolled through the results she frowned in 
disgust and disappointment. 
	"Nothing?!"
	"Nope sorry. I scanned every galaxy from here to Rhenar, but it 
seems it's disappeared."
	"Damn." Kiyone slammed her fist on the side table. "That doesn't 
exactly put our minds to rest." Washu scowled at her.
	"Well what do you expect?! You saw that thing over a month ago! 
If you came to me the same day maybe we could've found something!!" 
Kiyone was stunned, she never saw Washu snap at someone like that. 
Washu sighed and leaned back in her chair. "I'm sorry Kiyone, I didn't 
mean to yell at you like that. I haven't been myself lately. I guess I 
need to stop working so late."
	"It's ok Washu, I guess we all need a little sleep." Washu 
snapped her fingers sharply. Something had just pooped into her mind.
	"Oh! I almost forgot!" Washu got up out of her chair and walked 
up to one of her medicine racks. She pulled out two bottles of small 
blue pills and looked at the labels. She then walked over and handed 
them to Kiyone. "Here, take these."
	"What are they?"
	"They're a special sleeping pill. Gives you a soothing and 
dreamless sleep, so no more nightmares!" Kiyone smiled and looked at 
the two labels. "Take two with water right before you go to bed, 
they're fast acting so be sure to take them after your under the 
covers." Washu put the rack in a cupboard and closed the doors shut. 
"Be sure to call me in the morning and let me know how they work." 
Kiyone smiled again and quickly pocketed them. 
	"Thanks 'Doctor'!" Washu smiled and walked them to the door.
	"Don't worry about that energy vacuum, I'll keep searching, and 
if it comes anywhere near this solar system again, I'll let you know." 
Washu gave them wink as she waved them good-bye. 
	"Ok, thanks again Washu." As soon as Kiyone and Mihoshi were out 
the door, Washu leaned against it, gave out a long sigh, and pulled out 
the pills in her pocket. 'Man!.that was close!'


	"Come on Washu, this'll be easy!" Sasami urged her to come in the 
den for some aerobics.
	"No! I'm not coming out like this!" Washu's voice sounded from 
behind the bathroom door. She had just changed into an exercise outfit 
when she looked in the mirror. Not only did she look ridiculous in 
sweats and spandex, but also the bulge over her stomach was clear for 
anyone to see. "I'm not coming out! What if someone sees me like 
this?!" Sasami placed the CD in her sister's stereo and set it on the 
floor. Also in an exercise outfit Sasmai went over to the bathroom door 
to coax her out.
	"I told you already! Sis and Ryoko are out shopping, Grandpa, 
Noboyuki, and Tenchi are out training, and Kiyone and Mihoshi are on 
their morning shift! No one will see you!" Washu looked at her watch, 
none of them were due back for hours now. But how could she let herself 
go like this? The bulge was now getting bigger by the day, ever so 
slightly. She gave out a frustrated sigh and stepped out of the 
bathroom.
	"You promise me they're not due back until dinner right?"
	"Yes, I told you already! Although Ryoko and Ayeka might be back 
before then, I promise you we'll be done by then!" Washu took in a deep 
breath and let it out slowly.
	"Ok. But if anyone sees me, I'll."
	"No one will see you. Now lets get started." Sasami bent down and 
switched on the CD player. "We'll start with the easy stuff." Energetic 
and bouncy music began to sound from the stereo, Washu felt ridiculous, 
it sounded like sped-up elevator music! "First some mild stretches." 
Sasami spread  her legs shoulder width apart, leaned over, bending at 
the waist, as far as she could. Looking very awkward and sluggish Washu 
tried to follow but almost toppled over. Even when she got her balance 
up, she didn't get as far as Sasami, but, Sasami was much smaller and 
younger than she was. "Good. Let's try it again." Once again, the two 
women bent at the waist and leaned over to the side. On her way up, 
Washu displayed a disgusted face.
	"I don't even know why I'm doing this I haven't." Sasami didn't 
let her finish her complaints.
	"Ok, now we need to sit down for this one."  Washu, grunted and 
sat down on the floor with her legs sticking forward as directed. "Now 
lean forward and touch your toes." Washu scowled.
	"This is supposed to be aerobics?" Sasami, turned to her with a 
very annoyed look on her face.
	"We need to stretch first, so we don't hurt ourselves." Washu let 
her head drop and muttered under her breathe.
"All the stretches in the world won't help for what I'm going to 
do to you kid!" Throughout the rest of the afternoon, the two continued 
their exercises with jumping jacks, some step aerobics, mild judo moves 
and ended with a job around the paths. By the end of the day Washu's 
outfit was soaked in sweat, and she sat in the chair struggling to 
catch her breath. "How can you have so much energy in that small body 
of yours?!" Sasami smiled and handed her a cold bottle of water.
	"I'm not sure, but I'm going to need it. Because we're going to 
do this three times a week, four if we can." Washu nearly fell out of 
her chair, spilling the water on the floor.
	"ARE YOU INSANE GIRL??!!" Washu got up and nearly screamed in 
Sasami's face. 
	"You want to loose that weight don't you?"
	"Of course I do, but there are other ways!" Sasami grew and evil 
smile on her lips and poked Washu's chest with her finger.
	"But those other ways won't keep your secret. If you decide to 
try them, I'm not sure I would either." Washu's eyes grew large and 
sweat rolled down her head.
	"Th-That's blackmail!!!!" Sasami crossed her arms and stuck out 
her tongue.
	"No, that's a promise!" Washu hung her head low, she knew when 
she was beaten. Sometimes even her modesty got in the way of her 
reasoning.
	"Fine. Thrice a week." Washu walked up to the girl and grabbed 
her by the scruff of her sweatshirt. "But I WON'T forget this Sasami!!" 
Washu let her go and stormed of to the onsen to bathe the sweat off her 
skin. As she left Sasami collapsed on the floor, gasping for breath.
	"Three time's a WEEK?? What the hell was I thinking???!!!!"

	"YAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWNNNNNNNNN!!!" Washu sat up on her bed and 
rubbed the sleep from her eyes. Her soft silk sheets strone all over 
the bed, the covers lay cluttered at the bottom of the bed. Sweat 
soaked the sheets around her and the fan next to her bed was working on 
its highest setting. In the middle of the night Washu had woken, her 
skin burning, her brow wet with sweat. It was the middle of fall but 
the heat in her room was unbearable. But was it really her room 
temperature? She had gotten up to check the thermostat/thermometer, 
both read comfortable temperatures. In fact, the readings were so low, 
she should have been cold, if anything! Washu quickly tore off her 
nightclothes, leaving her in her "bare essentials." As she hopped back 
under the covers, she found the shedding of her clothes hadn't driven 
off the heat. So, off came the covers, and went the fan, blasting in 
her face. 'This is unbearable', she thought laying there, baking in her 
own body heat. However, the night had past, and she eventually fell 
asleep. Washu threw the sheets aside and pulled on her clothes she had 
shed during the night and shut off the fan. She looked at the clock and 
shuddered, an hour left before her aerobics with Sasami. Little did she 
know that in her own room, Sasami was dreading the very same moment. 
	Washu stood up and headed for the dresser when a strong 
discomfort in her stomach forced her to bend over and grab her sides. 
Her legs became weak, her throat had a strange feel to it, being a 
genius, Washu knew what was coming. She rose off her knees and ran for 
the bathroom as fast as she could, holding her hand against her mouth. 
The nausea overcame her, she could feel it coming, just as she had slid 
the door shut the contents of her stomach emptied, escaping through her 
mouth. As the gastric fluid past her lips she gave a horrible wrenching 
sound, alarming Sasami who was in the next room changing. The wave 
seemed to continue forever, an everlasting flow of sickness pouring 
from her mouth. Sasami pulled on her bathrobe and headed for the door, 
wondering what poor soul had to endure this.
	"Hello? Are you okay in there? Sis, is that you?" Washu couldn't 
answer, as soon as she stopped the wave began again, now pouring only 
bile into the bowl of the toilet. The pain was almost too much to bear 
as the acid burned her throat and  mouth. Her body thrusted forward 
with each heave, sending more acid and bile spewing from her lips.
	"Are you okay in there? Do you need any medicine? I think Washu 
has some." Sasami was getting worried, just the sound it made her sick. 
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the wave stopped, and 
Washu fell back and leaned against the wall, tears gushing from her 
eyes. The whole thing was starting to terrify her, she had never felt 
so bad in her life, but she wouldn't let it take control of her 
feelings. Washu dried her tears, stood up and flushed the toilet. 
Taking a paper towel in the closet she wiped the edge pf her mouth and 
the vomit that had escaped the bowl and splattered on the floor. Sasami 
slowly slid the door open hoping to help whoever was sick.
	"Washu?!" Washu looked over to the door from the mirror, brushing 
her teeth. She had to get that awful taste out of her mouth.
	"Don't worry Sasami, I just had an upset stomach, that's all." 
Not entirely true, but not exactly a lie either.
	"Are you sure, do you want some tea?" Washu smiled and rubbed the 
girl's head with her free hand.
	"Your sweet, but that's ok I'll be fine." Little did Washu know 
that this would continue for the next few weeks. Through the exercises 
and searching for the energy vacuum, Washu continually had hot and cold 
flashes, a shocking change in character and countless mornings in the 
bathroom, wrenching her guts out. Even more puzzling was the fact that 
she had not lost and once of weight, even through the exercise and 
vomiting, nothing! This drove her almost insane, she couldn't figure 
out what was going on! Finally, one day, all her questions were 
answered.    
	Everyone was relaxing downstairs gathered around the card table 
for their weekly game when Washu came downstairs. Ryoko was killing 
everyone and had won most of Ayeka's money as she floated just next to 
the table, legs folded. She looked up just in time to see Washu 
descending the stairs with a puzzled and confused look on her face 
holding a small stick in her hands.
	"Hey Washu, come on down and play with us. I'll be glad to take 
any money you have off your hands." Washu didn't respond, she kept 
staring, puzzled at the small stick in her grip. Ryoko sent her a 
telepathic message, 'Mom, what's wrong?' Washu glanced up blankly and 
looked at them, her voice trembling as she spoke, holding the small 
object in her hands.
	"I-I'm pregnant!"


<WOW! Bet you didn't see that one coming huh? I know it's terrible to 
leave you in suspense of how or why she got pregnant, but I love to 
leave my readers hanging. See ya next time! ^-^? Spectre>