TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER SIX
No Need For Mean Mihoshi
_____________________


At breakfast the next morning, Sasami made it a point to tell Tris, 
"It wasn't that bad a nightmare, Tris.  I hardly even remember it.  
And I liked the movie, really, and I'm so glad you showed me how to 
pop popcorn."

Ayeka lowered her eyes.  Sasami was feeling quite badly about Tris's 
movie being held as the cause of last night's incident.  Ayeka felt 
badly about it, too.  The sooner it all blowed over the better.   

"I'm sure glad you're feeling better, kitten.  You're being a awfully 
good sport about all this."  Tris smiled his gratitude at the little 
girl.

Sasami smiled back at him and held out a serving bowl.  "Have some 
more natto, Tris."

"Sure.  It's great," Tris said, helping himself to more of the brown 
sticky mixture of rice, onions, and fermented soybeans (fermented 
with natto-kin, hence the name), seasoned with mustard and soy sauce.  
"Thanks."

It was the shank of the breakfast meal.  Lord Yosho had departed for 
the temple and Nobuyuki had left for work.  The latter had walked a 
little stiffly, which made Tris wince with sympathy and guilt.  He 
still managed to make short work of Sasami's delicious natto, though.

Tenchi, Tris, Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, Mihoshi, and Kiyone sat around 
the dining table.  Breakfast was over, really, but there was such a 
companionable feeling amongst them that they all seemed reluctant to 
end it.

"You know," Ryoko remarked after downing a final portion of natto, 
"I have to admit, Tris...I kinda had fun with that movie last night.  
Some parts of it really jazzed me, you know?"

"What parts?" asked Ayeka, glad for a change in subject and equally 
glad for a chance to twit Ryoko.  "Growing a hump?"

"Naw," Ryoko said.  "That Drac guy.  The way he—-what was that thing 
called-—hypnotized those women.  That really got me...well, excited, 
you know?"  She winked at Ayeka.

"I do not know," Ayeka said, turning her head.  "And neither does 
anyone else here.  Really, Ryoko!  You are bringing perversity to our 
breakfast table."

"You don't know what you're talking about, Princess." Ryoko said.  
"You just have no imagination."

"Imagination about what, pray?"

"Well...I can imagine Tenchi as Drac, hypnotizing me."  Ryoko now 
slowly stood up.  She closed her eyes.  "Hypnotizing me...making me 
his slave...forcing me to do his bidding."

"Leave me out of this, please," Tenchi requested.

"But Tenchi, I would be your slave...yours to command...I would do 
anything you command me to do."  Ryoko opened her golden eyes, about 
half way.  She smiled at Tenchi.  "Command me, Tenchi."  Her voice 
was drowsy.

"Leave the room, Sasami," Ayeka snapped.

"Awwww..."  But Sasami obediently trudged to the kitchen.

"Now you--you stop this charade this instant!" Ayeka told Ryoko.

"I am sorry."  Ryoko had closed her eyes, her voice now a drowsy 
monotone.  "I cannot obey the orders of stuck-up royal pains.  I can 
only obey the orders of my master...my love-master...Tenchi."

Ayeka stood up.  "I shall remove you from your trance right now!"

Tenchi, who had been quietly chuckling at Ryoko's antics as had the 
others, said quickly, "Please sit down, Ayeka.  I'll handle this."

"Oh...very well, Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka sat down.

"Now, Ryoko  Can you hear me?" Tenchi said commandingly.

"Yes, Master," murmured Ryoko, eyes closed, delighted that Tenchi 
was playing along.

"You will obey my commands, huh?"

"Oh, yes, Master.  I hear and obey you."

"Then," Tenchi said, flatly, "you will take the garbage out to the 
compost pile--like Ayeka asked you to do yesterday!"

Ryoko's eyes flew open.  "What?"

"You heard your master's commands."

"But Tenchi..."

"I thought you heard and obeyed," Tenchi said, grinning.

Ayeka leaned back and laughed and laughed.  She was not the only one.  
The others joined in.  Sasami could be heard giggling in the kitchen.

Ryoko sat down, frowning.

"You know, though," Kiyone remarked after she stopped laughing, "Ryoko 
has a point.  It is rather...ummmmm...exciting in a way.  I know a 
grown woman shouldn't feel that way, but...I do."

"So do I!" Mihoshi seconded her partner.

"Well, depending on the man...I suppose," Ayeka mused.

"Hah!  You do agree with me, Princess."  Ryoko smiled triumphantly.

"I do not.  I agree with Kiyone."

"Same difference."

"I didn't know you girls felt that way," Tenchi said, surprised.  He 
looked at Tris.  "Did you know it, Tris?"

"Nope," said Tris.

"But you've hypnotized people..."

"Just in a psych—-psychology—-lab.  I was doing it for extra credit, 
just like the two term papers I wrote about it.  I was surprised that 
I could do it.  So was the professor!  It was probably the only 
reason he didn't flunk me."

"Why would he flunk you?" Kiyone demanded.  "Didn't you study?"

"Aw, I made a crack about Sigmond Freud that the professor didn't 
like."

"Yeah?  Like what?"

"I said Freud just needed to get la--"  Tris stopped.  "I mean, to 
have a meaningful relationship with a kind and caring woman, and then 
he would have stopped seeing sex in everything folks do."

"Yeah, I'll just bet that's what you said!"  Kiyone spoke with heavy 
sarcasm.

"What grade did you get from that professor, Tris?" Mihoshi asked.

"Aw, a "C"," Tris muttered.

"A "C"!  I'll bet that was a "C" for Competent," Mihoshi speculated, 
kindly.

"More like a "C" for Clueless," Ryoko cracked.  

Ayeka regarded Tris closely.  Her voice was quizzical.  "Just how many 
people did you hypnotize, Tristram?"

"Oh, only about a half dozen, Princess Ayeka," Tris glady answered 
her, grateful for the change of topic.  His less-than-stellar college 
career was one subject he preferred to avoid.  "Only a few."

"A half dozen!"  Ayeka did not seem to think that was only a few.

Neither, evidently, did Ryoko, Mihoshi or Kiyone.  They regarded the 
American with varying degrees of surprise--and, in at least one case, 
a large dollop of disbelief.

"I cannot imagine your being able to hypnotize anyone," Ayeka said 
seriously.  "Please do not take offense, Tristram.  You simply do not 
seem..." her voice trailed off.

"He must have hypnotized Kiyone."  Ryoko smiled slyly.

"Yeah, that's it, Ryoko," Kiyone said sardonically.  "He hypnotized 
me!"

"Good--then you can take out the garbage!"

Kiyone only smiled in reply.

Mihoshi now joined in.  "You don't think he can do it, Ayeka?" she 
asked, looking at the Juraian Princess with a hint of reproach in her 
wide blue eyes.

"I did not say that."

"I don't know, Ayeka," Tenchi said.  "It kind of sounds as if you 
did."

"I did not...not exactly, but..."  Ayeka seemed at a loss for words.   

"I'm with you, Princess," Ryoko said.  "Tris, you're a pretty ordinary 
guy.  I mean, you can't even body-slam Tenchi's Dad without getting 
the worst of it.  To be able to do something  that I can't even do..."  
Her shrug was eloquent.

Tris didn't reply.

"Tris wouldn't lie!" Mihoshi insisted.  "If he says he can do 
something, he can do it."

"Your saying so doesn't make it so, Mihoshi," Ryoko said.

"Tris is no liar," Kiyone told Ryoko.

"No, he's not...Ryoko!" Tenchi said.

"Don't get mad at me, Tenchi.  The Princess agrees with me."

"Well...ahhh..."  Ayeka hesitated as all eyes turned to her.  
"Actually, I do have my doubts..."

"Ayeka!"  Sasami's voice issued from the kitchen.

"This does not concern you, Sasami," the Princess called out.

"Let's change the subject," Tris requested.

"Hah!" said Ryoko triumphantly.  Ayeka looked at him dubiously.

"What do you mean, "hah"?" Tris asked.  He was finally getting a bit 
nettled.

"Look," said Ryoko.  "Tris...I'm reasonable..."

Several pairs of eyes rolled toward the ceiling, but Ryoko just 
continued.

"It's simple," she said.  "Just hypnotize one of us and you've proven 
you can do it.  Now, isn't that reasonable?"

"That's what you wanted all along, Ryoko," Kiyone charged.

"Sure," said Ryoko, smiling.  "I'd like to see it...if this guy here 
can do it."

"Hmmm."  Tenchi looked as if he wouldn't mind seeing it himself.  
"Tris?"

Now all attention shifted to Tris.  He could have done without it.  
Ryoko looked at him with open skepticism and Ayeka looked at him with 
polite skepticism.  Mihoshi and Kiyone both looked at him with 
encouragement--and so did Tenchi.

Common sense came calling and advised Tris not to do it.  But it was 
competing with (more or less) peer pressure.  Tris was also irritated 
by Ryoko and Ayeka's obvious reservations--and that was putting it 
mildly!  They were all but calling him a liar.  So Tris told common 
sense to go peddle its papers elsewhere.

"Okay," he said.  "But just a quick demonstration."

"Yay!" Mihoshi cheered.

"Good for you, Tris," called Sasami from the kitchen.

Ryoko seemed a bit startled that Tris had agreed, but shrugged.  "This 
should be good for a laugh."

"Now give Tristram a chance," Ayeka told Ryoko.  The Princess was 
beginning to regret doubting Tris, at least verbally.  It really was 
tantamount to accusing him of not being truthful.  It was the poorest 
of manners, she thought ruefully.

"Yes, exactly, Ayeka," Kiyone said.  She had been about to pitch in 
and do something about Ayeka and Ryoko questioning Tris's statements.  
She was glad he volunteered to show them up.  Now, if the sweet dope 
just didn't flub it!

"But who should be the subject?" Tenchi asked. 

"Why not me?" Ryoko challenged, smiling.

"Forget it!" Tenchi said.  "Even I know that you can't hypnotize 
someone who won't cooperate."

"I'll cooperate," Ryoko promised.

"Oh, Ryoko, you will not and we all know it," Ayeka objected.  "Let us 
pick someone else."

"Yeah!" Mihoshi agreed.  "Tris should get a fair chance!"

"Then what about you?" Ryoko said to her.

"Me?"  Mihoshi's blue eyes widened.

"Yes, you!  You keep sticking up for this guy.  I'd almost think you 
were kissy-faced with him instead of Kiyone."

Mihoshi's face blushed scarlet.

Now Kiyone began to rise.  "Okay, Ryoko—-!"

"No, Kiyone."  It was Mihoshi who spoke so calmly.  Her face was still 
tinged with redness, but her eyes were clear and without tears.  She 
looked at Ryoko.  "I like Tris a lot, Ryoko.  I don't think he's a 
liar.  I trust him.  And you shouldn't talk mean about Kiyone and 
him."

Mihoshi's simple, direct declaration took some of the wind even from 
Ryoko's billowing sails.  "Okay, Mihoshi, okay," the space pirate said 
without rancor.  "But are you willing to let him do this hypnosis 
stuff to you?  That's my question."

"My answer...is yes," Mihoshi said bravely.

Kiyone shook her head as she regarded her partner fondly.  The sweet, 
true-hearted little ding-dong!  "You don't have to do this, Mihoshi."

"I want to, Kiyone."

Tenchi and Tris looked at each other.  Both were clearly becoming 
leery about the whole idea.  But the ball was rolling away from them.

"You're sure, Mihoshi?" Tenchi asked.  "Really sure, now?"

"Sure I am!" Mihoshi said with some of her usual enthusiasm.  "It'll 
be fun!"

"Okay."  Tris shrugged.  "Let go to the living room, where Mihoshi can 
be comfortable."



In the kitchen, Sasami waited until waiting became unbearable.  Then 
she decided to go watch the demonstration.  Her big sister might get 
angry, but Sasami just had to witness this.

She walked into the living room.  Tris and Mihoshi were seated, facing 
each other, on one of the couches.  Everybody else stood around the 
couch, watching.  Ayeka turned and spotted Sasami.  The little girl 
pleaded with her eyes.  Ayeka nodded, smiling.  Sasami went to stand 
by her.

Tris held both of Mihoshi's hands in one of his hands.  He had 
instructed her to lean back, so that the couch comfortably bolstered 
her head.  He held a pen in one hand, directing Mihoshi's attention 
to it.

"That's right, Mihoshi," he said, his voice very quiet and very 
soothing.  "You're so very comfortable...just relax...that's the way.  
And you are resting your mind...looking at the tip of this pen."

Mihoshi's blue eyes were riveted on the pen tip.  Sasami could see 
that the usual sparkling animation had faded from those large blue 
eyes.  The blonde Galaxy Police officer's usually smiling face was 
slack.  Sasami felt a shiver crawl up her spine.

"Yes, Mihoshi...as you look at the pen, you feel your mind floating.  
Free...soft and free.  You are floating like a cloud.  You just want 
to float...like a cloud."

Tris spoke so softly and reassuringly that Sasami began to feel a bit 
light-headed herself.  She shook her pig-tailed head to clear it.

"Now, Mihoshi...you are floating on a cloud.  It is so peaceful and 
quiet...so soft and warm.  You want to sleep...sleep.  Listen to my 
voice...and sleep."

Mihoshi leaned fully against the back of the couch.  Her eyes closed.  
Her body relaxed.  She was asleep.  She slept very quietly, which was 
remarkably unlike her usual sleep state.

Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other.  They were both tremendously 
impressed with what they had seen.  Mihoshi was no dissembler; she 
could not and would not be faking this.

"Jeeze," Ryoko almost whispered.  "Is she...hypnotized?"

"Yes," answered Tris quietly.

"Wow!" said Sasami, and immediately clapped her hand over her mouth.

Tris smiled at her.  "Don't worry, kitten, you can speak in a normal 
tone of voice around Mihoshi now.  She won't hear you.  She'll only 
hear me."

Tenchi shook his head in wonder.  "This is really something, Tris."

Kiyone touched Tris's shoulder.  "Tris," and her voice was quietly 
proud but also concerned, "is she all right?"

"Sure.  She's really only sleeping."

"Something she does real well," Ryoko muttered.

"Hush!" said Ayeka.  Witnessing what Tristram had done...something 
nagged at her...she tried mentally to grasp it...but it was gone.

Ryoko ignored the Princess, as was her wont.  She stepped forward.  
"Make her do something, Tris."

"Okay."  He turned to face the sleeping Mihoshi.  "Mihoshi, you can 
hear me, can't you?"

Eyes closed, Mihoshi's lips parted.  "Yes."  She spoke in a sleepy 
voice.

"Will you do something for me?"

"Yes."

"Raise your right arm...that's the way..."

Slowly, Mihoshi's right arm rose.  Her face remained slack, her eyes 
closed.

"That's very good, Mihoshi.  Now lower your arm."

Mihoshi complied.

"That's very well done, Mihoshi.  Thank you."

Ryoko said, "You sure are polite about it.  Why don't you just order 
her around, like they do in the movies?" 

"Because she's still a person," Tris said.  "She has feelings, 
hypnotized or not."

"That answer your question, Ryoko?" Kiyone asked her dryly.

Ryoko just shrugged.  It didn't seem like much fun Tris's way.

"Can she stand?" Sasami asked.

"Sure."  Tris stood and told Mihoshi—-nicely—-to open her eyes.  
Mihoshi's eyelids rose about halfway up.  Her eyes were still 
beautiful and blue, but glassy.  He told her to stand.  Slowly, she 
rose to her feet and stood, still and silent.

"That's exactly how I've seen people hypnotized on TV," Tenchi said.  
"It's amazing.  I've seen hypnotized people walk on live coals and 
take pins through their arms and never feel a thing."

"Let's try that!" Ryoko said.

"Not!" said Tris.

"Why not?"

"Because I would rather stick a pin in myself than in someone who 
volunteered to do this just to support me."

Kiyone looked at Tris fondly.  The big stiff was showing them all why 
she cared for him.

"That would work for me too," Ryoko said, grinning.

"Suppose we stick a pin in you?" Ayeka suggested acidly.  She had 
come to respect Tris's skill and his consideration for Mihoshi.

"You can try, Princess," Ryoko told her.  "Once."

Tenchi quickly interjected, "I've seen people do some very funny 
things when hypnotized.  Act like animals, and—-"

"That's it!" Ryoko said.  "Have Mihoshi act like Ryo-Ohki!"

"Let's not," Tris objected.

"It won't hurt her, Tris, will it?" Sasami asked.

"Well...no."

Ayeka smiled.  "It would be amusing, Tristram.  I think I would like 
to see that."

Kiyone smiled, too.  "She loves to play games.  I don't think she 
would mind."

"It couldn't do her any harm, Tris," Tenchi added.

Tris shrugged.  "Okay.  Real quick, though."

"All right!" Ryoko approved.  "Now we're gonna finally see something."

As Tris instructed Mihoshi to imitate a cabbit, Ryoko quickly and 
silently floated away.

"Now, Mihoshi, please become a cabbit...just for fun." Tris finished 
his instructions.

Mihoshi grinned.  She dropped to all fours and then positioned herself 
on her hands and knees.

"Meow-er," she said.  Now she was Mihoshi-cabbit.

"My goodness!"  Ayeka was astonished.  "She is doing it!"

Sasami laughed with childish joy.  She walked forward.  Mihoshi-
cabbit bowed her blonde head to be petted.  Sasami petted Mihoshi-
cabbit.  Mihoshi-cabbit "meow-er"-ed with pleasure, wagging her 
behind.  (Mihoshi appeared to be mixing up cabbit behavior with that 
of another of her favorite creatures, puppy dogs.)

Suddenly Ryoko floated back into the room.  She held Ryo-Ohki in her 
hands.

"Let's see what an expert thinks," Ryoko suggested.

She landed.  Then she lowered Ryo-Ohki to the carpet, just in front 
of Mihoshi-cabbit.

"Look, Ryo-Ohki!"  Ryoko laughed.  "Another cabbit!  A big blonde 
one!"

The cabbit (the real one) stayed put where her mistress had lowered 
her.  Ryo-Ohki observed the being that tended to pet her a lot and 
make a fuss over her and who had once dropped a whole basket of 
carrots for her (Mihoshi really hadn't meant to, but Ryo-Ohki didn't 
know).  Ryo-Ohki really liked this being.  She sniffed at the being.

"Meow-er," Mihoshi-cabbit said companionably to Ryo-Ohki.

Ryo-Ohki blinked.  The being was evidently trying to speak cabbit.  
Very poor cabbit.  

"Look...Ryo-Ohki cannot make out Mihoshi."  Ayeka smiled.

"Who can?" Ryoko muttered.

"Meow-er," said Mihoshi-cabbit again, cocking her head at Ryo-Ohki.  
No doubt about it, she was one cute cabbit.  A bit lacking in the ear 
department and the cotton-tail department, perhaps.  But no cabbit 
had a sweeter smile.

"Think she'll eat carrots raw?" Sasami whispered.

"Let's try!" Ryoko suggested.

"Let's not," Tenchi un-suggested.  He didn't want what had seemed to 
be a harmless demonstration to go too far.  He was wondering if, 
perhaps, it already had.  He looked at Tris.  Judging By the 
American's expression, Tris shared Tenchi's feelings.

Meanwhile, Mihoshi-cabbit was failing to make much of an impression 
on Ryo-Ohki.  She "meow-er"ed to the cabbit several times, but Ryo-
Ohki didn't respond with much enthusiasm.  In fact, the real cabbit 
seemed a bit standoffish.

Ryo-Ohki was not one to stand on ceremony.  However, no one likes to 
hear one's language mispronounced so miserably by a foreigner (ask 
any Frenchman).  Also, Ryo-Ohki preferred the tall beings to do tall 
being things...like to pet her and feed her carrots and other 
munchables.  With a final sniff, the cabbit bounded away.

"Well, Mihoshi sure flunked that test," Ryoko noted.

Mihoshi-cabbit looked sad.  There was nothing quite so wrenching as 
being rejected by one's own kind.  Cabbits don't cry normally, but 
this one looked ready to.

Kiyone touched Tris's shoulder.  "Please take her out of it," she 
murmured.

"Yes, Tris," Tenchi added, catching Kiyone's words.  "Do that."

"Absolutely," said Tris.  He was beginning to feel a bit crummy about 
making sport of Mihoshi.

"Party-poopers!" said Ryoko.  They were ending it already when it was 
just getting good.

Tris bent over toward the tanned, blonde Galaxy Police officer and 
erstwhile cabbit.

"Mihoshi," Tris said to her.

She smiled as she looked up at Tris.  She cabbit-walked to him.  She 
rubbed her blonde head against his legs.  If a human being could purr, 
Mihoshi was doing it.

"Mihoshi really likes you, Tris," Sasami observed.

"Making moves on your boyfriend there," Ryoko said to Kiyone.

Yes, Mihoshi really did like him.  Now Tris really felt extremely 
crummy.  He bent over and petted Mihoshi's head, because he knew that 
was what Mihoshi wanted at that moment.  Then he rose.  Time to bring 
Mihoshi out of the trance...past time, really. 

"Mihoshi, you are not a cabbit any longer.  You will rise."

Immediately, Mihoshi's face lost its animation.  She slowly rose to 
her feet.

"We'll both sit down on the couch, Mihoshi," Tris instructed.

He assisted her gently.  A moment later, Mihoshi and he were both 
sitting on the couch again.  He held her hands.  No one spoke.  This 
portion of the demonstration of hypnotism still seemed profoundly 
unnerving to the women.

Tris looked at Mihoshi.  His feelings of crumminess had deteriorated 
to feelings of general rottenness.  Mihoshi deserved her dignity after 
all.  He decided to restore a bit of it.  Of such good intentions are 
many disasters wrought.

"Mihoshi," he said, quietly and soothingly.  "You will please listen 
and attend to what I tell you."

Mihoshi, eyes half closed, eyes glassy, nodded at him.

"Go to sleep now, Mihoshi."

Mihoshi's eyes closed.  Her body relaxed against the couch.

"You are now going to awaken.  You will feel refreshed and rested.  
You are no longer a cabbit.  You are now, instead, an upstanding, 
highly competent member of the Galaxy Police force whom many, many 
people respect."

"He's laying it kinda thick, isn't he?" Ryoko asked.

"Hush, Ryoko."  Ayeka looked at Tris with affection.  "I think it is 
lovely."

"I do, too," said Sasami.

"It's loony.  That's not Mihoshi he's describing," said Ryoko 
prophetically.

"Nobody asked you, Ryoko," Kiyone said.

"Yes, please, don't interfere, Ryoko," Tenchi requested. 

Ryoko shrugged.  She rose into the air and floated from the room.

"Do you understand, Mihoshi?" Tris asked the blonde tanned young 
woman.  

Eyes closed, Mihoshi seemed to hesitate...then she nodded.

"All right, then.  I will count to three.  When I finish, you will 
open your eyes and feel just wonderful and you will forget this 
session but not my instructions to you.  Are you ready?"

Mihoshi nodded again.

"One...two...three!"

Mihoshi opened her eyes.  She blinked.  She looked around the room 
with frank curiosity, as if seeing it for the first time.

"How do you feel, Mihoshi?" Tris asked.

"I feel fine," said Mihoshi quietly.

"Good."  The American smiled reassuringly.  "Please just sit there 
and rest a moment."

"Certainly," Mihoshi said to him.  

"Well, I suppose the show's over," Tris said.  "I hope everyone was 
entertained."

"That was very cool, Tris.  You were very good, too, Mihoshi," Sasami 
said.

"Yes you were, Mihoshi," Ayeka endorsed her sister's words.

Mihoshi looked at her but said nothing.

"She's still a bit groggy, I think," Tris explained.

Kiyone moved toward her partner.  "I'll stay with her, Tris, until 
she's completely with us."

"Thanks, Kiyone."

Tenchi said, "Well, that should satisfy everyone."  He said it without 
a speck of enthusiasm.

"It satisfied a certain person, obviously," Ayeka said.  "A person 
who did not linger to apologize.  I shall apologize for both of us, 
Tristram."

"There's no need.  But thanks, Princess Ayeka."

"Please...just call me Ayeka, Tristram."  Ayeka smiled at the young 
American with both her eyes and her lips.

"Okay...Ayeka."  Tris returned the smile.  He knew that the formal 
and correct Princess did not go on a first-name basis with just 
anyone.  It was a significant sign of acceptance, he knew.  Behind 
Ayeka, Sasami looked quite pleased with her big sister.

Tenchi grinned.  He definitely didn't need to worry about Ayeka 
accepting Tris anymore.  One more down...one to go.  "Tris, we'd 
better scoot outside or Grandfather may come in here looking for 
us," Tenchi said, glancing at the wall clock.

"You're right.  Let's go.  The crabgrass awaits."

With a final reassuring smile at Mihoshi, Tris left with Tenchi.

Ayeka now touched her little sister's arm.  "I shall help you with 
the breakfast dishes, Sasami."

"Okay, thanks.  Will Mihoshi be all right?"

"She will be fine.  Kiyone is with her."

"That's right, Sasami."  Kiyone smiled.

Sasami appeared mollified.  She and Ayeka left for the kitchen.

Kiyone turned to Mihoshi.  "You've had quite a morning, partner."

"Have I?" asked Mihoshi.

"Oh, that's right..."  Tris had instructed Mihoshi not to remember 
the hypnotic session.  It seemed they'd all forgotten that.  "Well, 
you wait there and rest.  I'm going upstairs to change for doing 
chores.  We need to get started on that upstairs hallway floor.  I'll 
be back for you in a little while."

"Very well," said Mihoshi.  She seemed subdued.  Kiyone mentally 
shrugged.  After a nice rest, her partner would be back to her bubbly 
self, no doubt.

"Just relax, partner.  I'll be back in a jiffy."



Outside amongst the crabgrass and the weeds, neither Tenchi nor Tris 
were particularly bubbly.

"Well...I guess we showed them," Tenchi said.  He sounded a bit 
unjoyous about it.

"Yeah."  Tris shared his unjoyousness.

They were in the tool shed.  Tenchi now grabbed the lawn mower, 
perhaps a bit too firmly than required.  Tris acquired his trowel and 
garden shears.  

"I'm sorry we pressured you, Tris," Tenchi said.  "I don't feel good 
about everything that happened back there."

"You and me both, Tenchi."  Tris walked past him, and out of the shed.  
Tenchi, dragging the lawn mower, followed him.



Having slipped off her slacks and put on her short-shorts, ready for 
a day of floor work, Kiyone returned downstairs to get Mihoshi.  She 
knew her partner would want to change into short-shorts, too.  Kiyone 
really did not mind now that Mihoshi had copied her with the short-
shorts.  After all, really, Mihoshi was kind of like a sister...a 
silly kid sister...and sisters sometimes wore the same things, just 
for fun.  And the way everyone had been stirred up by her and Mihoshi 
wearing the leggy shorts--it showed them that she was no stick in the 
mud!  She and Mihoshi could raise a few male temperatures if they 
wanted to.  Kiyone smiled and she came as close as she ever would to 
actually skipping.  It was all becoming fun, in a way that Kiyone 
wouldn't have believed possible just a week or so before. 

Kiyone walked into the living room.  There was Mihoshi.  But she was 
standing, with her arms folded.

Before Kiyone could speak, Mihoshi said, "Young woman...you have made 
me wait here for over ten minutes.  Don't you have any consideration 
for others?  Do you think we're all here to function at your 
convenience?"

Kiyone's jaw dropped.

"I..." she said, then stopped.  She was stunned.

"And what is that costume you are wearing?  It is vulgar and immodest 
and not what a Galaxy Police officer should ever wear."

Kiyone just stared at Mihoshi.  Her partner still looked like her 
partner.  But there was no smile on the lovely, sweet face.  In fact, 
it wasn't a sweet face any more.  It was drawn and hard.  The wide 
blue eyes were stern.

"Huh...what...?"  Kiyone stumbled over her words.

"I see you still have problems answering correctly, Detective Makibi.  
A Galaxy Police officer must take control of a situation and respond 
fully, concisely, and correctly to all inquires.  We are in uniform at 
all times, whether we are so attired or not.  Of course, that costume 
you have on is far from being even acceptable off-duty attire."

"What do you mean?" Kiyone flared.  Mihoshi's words and manner were 
infuriating...and also strangely familiar.  

"Don't take that tone with me, young woman!  You know I am right.  
Before we begin any duties, you will march back to your room and 
change into something that better reflects the Galaxy Police."

"But..."

"March!"

Kiyone goggled at Mihoshi.  But she knew something was terribly 
wrong, something that would not be resolved by argument.  So, she 
marched—-that is, walked--out of the living room.

She paused, standing just outside the kitchen.  She could not 
understand any of this.  Then she heard a slight clatter from within 
the kitchen.  Ayeka!  Kiyone walked into the kitchen.

"Hello, Kiyone," Ayeka said amiably, as she closed one of the kitchen 
cabinets.  Sasami smiled at Kiyone, bending over a sudsy sink.

"Hi..." Kiyone replied hollowly.

"How is Mihoshi now?" Ayeka asked.

"You have...to see this," Kiyone said, still poleaxed by the change 
in her partner.  "You just...have to see this."

"See what, Kiyone?" Ayeka inquired politely.

"Come with me.  You'll see!"

"Can I come, too?" Sasami asked.

"Sure...why not?" Kiyone replied a bit helplessly.

Ayeka looked at Kiyone with concern.  "Is something wrong?"

"Hoo-boy...wait until you see..."



A shadow fell across the stone pathway where Tris was bent over, 
desultorily trimming grass.  Tris looked up.  It was Lord Yosho.

Tris scrambled to his feet, dropping the garden shears, so that they 
clattered accusingly on the stone pathway.  Tris winced.  Damaging 
Masaki property...and, here, money did not grow on trees, not even 
Juraian trees.  (Tenchi had finally told him about the huge tree in 
the lake being from Jurai.)  

Lord Yosho appeared to take no notice whatsoever.  "Good morning, 
Tristram," he said mildly.  "You make progress.  I am pleased to see
it."

"Thank you, sir."

"And you make progress running up the temple steps, I've noticed."

"A little, sir."  Yeah, maybe two steps a day progress. 

Lord Yosho glanced at the sky.  "I believe that today will be warmer 
than yesterday."

"I would not be surprised, sir."  Tris steeled himself.  Lord Yosho 
was not merely passing the time of day with him.  Japanese gentlemen 
never plunged immediately into topics that might prove sensitive.  
They took their time and tried to put their listener at ease first.

Lord Yosho said, "I understand there was something of an entertainment 
after breakfast today." 

"Yes sir," Tris answered.  He knew it!  He no longer asked himself how 
Lord Yosho found these things out.  He just did, period.  "It was 
something like entertainment."

"I understand that our Mihoshi was the subject of this entertainment."

"Yes, sir."

"I also understand she was compelled to...imitate a cabbit?  Or am I 
mistaken?"

"You're not mistaken, sir," said Tris admitted.  Lord Yosho had not 
raised his voice but the rebuke was there, nonetheless.

"I see.  Do you think that was a proper thing to do to a member of an 
elite police organization...and your friend?"

"No, sir.  It wasn't a thing to do to a member of any organization--
much less a friend."

"Well said, Tristram."  Lord Yosho paused.  "Of course, I also 
understand that you were pressured into doing it."

"No, sir."

"No, Tristram?"

"No, sir.  No one made me do it.  I did it.  It was for me to say 
no."

The sunlight glinted off Lord Yosho's glasses.  It couldn't match the 
brightness of his smile, though.

"I am glad you said that, Tristram.  Very glad."  He patted Tristram 
on the shoulder, briefly.

Tris swallowed, hard.

"Well," Lord Yosho remarked.  "I believe my conjecture about today's 
temperature was correct.  It has already warmed considerably.  I will 
see you at luncheon, Tristram."  He smiled again and walked off, down 
the pathway.

Tristram stood watching him.  Then he bent down, grabbed the garden 
shears, and started trimming grass with noticeably more 
industriousness than before.



"Then you know whom I am?" Ayeka asked Mihoshi.  She was in the 
living room with the blonde galactic police officer, as were Kiyone 
and Sasami.  

"Of course, Princess Ayeka."  Mihoshi made a small, deferential bow.

"You seem to be acting rather differently today, Detective."

"I cannot understand why you say that, Princess."

"Because it is true."

"With all due respect, Princess, I am the better judge of what 
behavior is normal for myself."  Mihoshi looked at Ayeka with no 
friendliness in those blue eyes.  Ayeka felt rather as if her world 
had turned upside down.  She had never appreciated before how much a 
part of that world sweet Mihoshi was. 

"Mihoshi!" cried Sasami, stricken at seeing the change in her.

Mihoshi glanced down briefly.  "Why does this child address me so 
informally?"

"Because she is..."  No, Ayeka sensed that Mihoshi was not Sasami's 
friend now.  It gave her an empty feeling in the pit of her stomach.

"I've always associated the Jurai royal family with appropriate 
behavior, Princess."

"You have associated quite rightly!" Ayeka snapped.

"Indeed?  Then why is there a pickup order still pending on you, 
Princess?" Mihoshi asked coldly.

"What...there isn't..."

Kiyone groaned inwardly.  "I'm afraid there is, Ayeka."

"Detective Makibi, I thought I told you to change out of those 
disgraceful clothes...and I should not need to remind you that you 
must not speak with such familiarity to a royal personage.  Even if 
she is a wanted fugitive."

"What!" Ayeka cried. 

"There was a pickup order issued for you, Aye--Princess.  Remember?" 
Kiyone said, and hated to say it.  "During the Kagato rebellion."

"But that was long before...all that happened so long ago...it no 
longer means anything.  Prince Kagato is dead and my family knows 
perfectly well where I am!"

"The order has not been revoked, Princess," Mihoshi said.

"But that is just a stupid technicality--an oversight, surely."

"The order is still in force and it is the duty of Galaxy Police 
officers to follow orders to the letter," Mihoshi said briskly.  "I 
am required to inform you, Princess Ayeka, that you are in custody."  
She glanced at Sasami.  "Since this child is also a dependent of the 
Jurai royal family, with no visible means of support, she is in 
protective custody.  We will transport you both forthwith to Galaxy 
Police Headquarters."

Sasami began to cry.  Mihoshi ignored her.

"I am not in custody!" Ayeka snapped.

"Yes...you are, Princess," Kiyone said miserably.  She and Mihoshi had 
no local jurisdiction on Earth, which meant they could not arrest 
anyone for a crime committed on the planet.  But they could take a 
citizen of the Galactic Union into custody if there was an outstanding 
warrant on them.  In fact, they were supposed to do just that.  Kiyone 
silently blessed the fact that Ryoko had chosen to make herself 
scarce.  "I'm afraid that is a lawful order."

"I shall not obey it!"  Ayeka's face flushed with indignation.  "The
very idea!"

"Princess Ayeka."  Mihoshi's voice was cold, sub-zero, and quietly 
menacing.  "My intention is to take you into custody with all the 
respect and consideration due to a royal personage.  However, I am 
authorized to use force...including physical force."

Sasami walked up to her big sister, stumbling a little, still tearful.  
"What's happening, Ayeka?  Why is she acting like this?"

"I wish you would control that child," Mihoshi requested.    

Holding Sasami, Ayeka's face purpled.  "Physical force!  I shall show 
you physical force...!"

"Princess Ayeka!" Kiyone all but shouted in desperation.

Kiyone knew that Ayeka maintained excellent control of herself at 
nearly all times and could be relied upon to keep her protean Juraian 
protective powers at bay.  But the Princess's temper was not as well 
governed as Ayeka liked to believe.  She could be goaded into rash 
action.  There was still old damage visible on the house from her and 
Ryoko's firefights of the past.  In fact, Nobuyuki had been compelled 
to carry out extensive (and costly) repairs to shore up the house, 
including putting walls around the dining room area and installing 
the ceiling beam rafters where Ryoko now spent so much of her time.  
If Ayeka began blasting out power beams now in her anger, that would 
be catastrophic for all of them.  Plus, there were Azaka II and 
Kamidake II standing vigil outside, ready to react if they sensed 
Princess Ayeka was being threatened.  If they detected that such a 
threat existed, they would zoom in and blast the source of the 
threat--Mihoshi.

Ayeka glared at Kiyone, her face flushed and furious.  Kiyone looked 
back at her, her eyes pleading.  With a visible effort, Ayeka's face 
calmed.  "I...I withdraw my statement," she said quietly.  "I shall, 
of course, uphold the laws of the Galactic Union.  I shall obey any 
lawful order."  She stroked her little sister's head gently.  Sasami's 
eyes had stopped tearing, but she still clung to Ayeka's robed gown.

Kiyone felt relief flood her.  She relaxed.  Now if she could only 
separate Ayeka and this new version of Mihoshi, even for a little 
while, until Ayeka truly had full possession of herself.  An idea of 
how to do that came to her.  "Detective?" she addressed Mihoshi.

"What is it, Detective Makibi?" asked Mihoshi.  She sounded 
irritated.

"I will need to change my clothing to go with you to take Princess 
Ayeka and Princess Sasami to Headquarters.  You told me that these 
shorts won't do.  I have to admit that you're right...I have very a 
poor sense of proper attire.  Would you come upstairs with me and help 
me pick out something suitable?"

Mihoshi eyed Kiyone frostily.  Then she nodded.

"Yes, I shall accompany you, Detective.  It is, after all, my duty to 
instruct you girls.  Also, I shall perform an inspection of your 
quarters."

"Thank you, so much," said Kiyone in a neutral tone, but she cringed 
inwardly at the propect of an inspection.  She had hated those back at 
the Academy.  Cripes!  This was all beginning to resemble her cadet 
days, somehow.    

Mihoshi turned to Princess Ayeka.  "You are aware that any attempt at 
flight will be dealt with severely, Princess?"

"Why, you...!"  Then Ayeka saw Kiyone waving at her frantically from 
behind Mihoshi.  Again she visibly collected herself.  "Yes, I 
certainly do!" she snapped. 

"Very well, Princess."

Mihoshi turned on her heel.  "Come Detective."  She walked, her back 
ramrod stiff.  Kiyone followed her, trudgingly.

When the two Galaxy Police officers were gone, Sasami cried, "Ayeka--
that horrible woman is not our Mihoshi!"

"I know, dear."

"Something's happened to Mihoshi's mind.  Shall we go get Tris?"

"No..." Ayeka said thoughtfully.  "He brought her out of that trance.  
I cannot imagine what else he could do."  Then Ayeka made her 
decision.  "We shall consult Miss Washuu!"

Sasami brightened.  "Good idea, big sister!"

"You stay here, dear.  I shall be back just as soon as I can with Miss 
Washuu."



Tris, hard at work on a stone walkpath, looked up as he heard 
laughter.

He saw the source of the merriment--the one-sided merriment that is.  
Tenchi, some distance off, was mowing grass or, at least, trying to.  
Ryoko was impeding his progress, with amorous intent.

Tris watched as Tenchi dutifully tried to keep pushing the mower 
forward on the lawn.  But Ryoko was all over him.  Literally.  With 
her ability to fly, she simply and nimbly snaked around Tenchi, 
rubbing against him, tweaking his nose, patting his cheeks, then 
ducking down and tickling under his chin with her platinum-colored 
hair.   When he dodged, she hovered, grinning, and then swooped down 
to wind herself around him again.  Tris could just make out their 
voices:

"Cut it out, Ryoko!  I'm trying to mow."

"You mow me down, sweetums...all the time!"

Tris chuckled.  He could feel for Tenchi, of course.  But that Ryoko!  
She could flirt with the best, and she wasn't a bit shy or self-
conscious or inhibited.  She loved Tenchi madly, totally, and didn't 
care who knew it.  She was the original, space girl Wild Thing.

For a few minutes more, the American watched Ryoko and Tenchi 
continue their love ballet with the lawn mover.  Ryoko was ahead on 
points, he decided.

Then Tris ducked his head and went back to trimming.  He shouldn't be 
watching that, his conscience shouted internally at him.  Real 
spoilsport, that conscience of his.



Kiyone endured, with teeth firmly clenched, the white-glove inspection 
of her and the other women's "dormitory."  It really did seem like a 
dormitory now, with Mihoshi running her fingers around windowsills and 
sniffing with contempt at the minute dust particles she found.  The 
inspection result: Twenty-five demerits, which meant Kiyone was 
"bedposted"—-she could not leave her room (aside from meals) during 
the next holiday.  Ah, the good old halcyon days at the Academy!  It 
was all coming back to her, in buckets.

Mihoshi, with great reluctance, had allowed Kiyone to don her nice 
slacks.  But Mihoshi didn't think they were nice.  She made it clear 
that she did not consider tight pants to be appropriate attire even 
if it covered everything.  She seemed entirely unaware of what she 
herself was wearing...a pink sleveless blouse and form-fitting tan 
denim pants.

When the inspection ended, they trooped downstairs (literally) and 
entered the living room.  There they found Princess Ayeka, Sasami--
and Washuu.  Kiyone's heart surged with hope at the sight of the 
redheaded super scientist.

"Who is this person?" Mihoshi demanded, staring at Washuu.  "She 
seems familiar to me."

"Miss Wa—-" Ayeka began, then stopped as she saw Kiyone once again 
make frenzied hand signals behind Mihoshi's now-stiff back.  Oh, 
dear...there was probably an old warrant out on Miss Washuu also.  
The Galaxy Police really needed to take care of their paperwork and 
update their records!  Ayeka swiftly took a different tack.

"This is my legal counsel," Ayeka said, formally.  "Miss Wakasu."

"She looks like someone...someone I know..." Mihoshi said, staring at 
Washuu.

"I assure you, this is my counselor."

"Indeed?  And why would you require a legal representative merely to 
accompany us to Headquarters?" queried Mihoshi, raising an eyebrow.

"That is my right," Ayeka said.

"It is," Kiyone added.

"Detective Makibi...I am well acquainted with the Galactic Union Civil 
Rights Charter, Section Three, Subparagraph Two, Item One.  If only 
you were as well acquainted with general light housekeeping."

Kiyone's hands balled into fists.  Tight fists.  But she remained 
silent.

Washuu, who had been staring at Mihoshi with great interest, said, 
"May I ask you a question or two, Detective?"

"You may--as long as your questions pertain to this case," Mihoshi 
allowed.

"Okay.  Aren't you aware that Princess Ayeka's whereabouts are known 
to the Jurai royal family and that any problems involving her and her 
family ended long ago?"

"I most certainly am not!  And even if I were, it would make no 
difference.  The pickup order must be carried out."

"Even if it serves no purpose, really?" Washuu asked.

"It serves the purpose of upholding the law, even with those who 
enjoy special privileges otherwise."  Mihoshi was positively 
pontifical.

"I see."  Washuu looked bemused.  "May I confer with my client 
privately?"

"You may."

"I would like to have Detective Makibi present, too, please."

"You may not!"

"I could keep an eye on them and monitor their actions," Kiyone 
offered.

"Very well, Detective Makibi.  It is on your responsibility."

"Yes, ma'am--I mean, right."  Kiyone glared at Washuu's wide grin.

"In the meantime," Mihoshi continued.  "I feel the need for liquid 
refreshment."

"Take her to the kitchen and make her some tea, please, Sasami," 
Ayeka said.

"Yes, Ayeka."  Sasami seemed none too pleased at the prospect.

"What!  This child make tea for me?"  Mihoshi seemed aghast.

"She has been very well trained in that function," Ayeka said coldly.

"That remains to be seen."  

Glancing up at her big sister's reddening face, Sasami quickly started 
for the kitchen.  "This way, please," she said to Mihoshi.

Mihoshi followed her.  They disappeared into the kitchen.

Before Ayeka and Kiyone could pelt her with questions, Washuu held up 
a restraining hand.  "Let's go outside, girls," she murmured, "where 
Mihoshi can't hear us."



Meanwhile, Ryoko had finally convinced Tenchi that mowing—-or the 
attempt to—-would be impossible until he dealt with her.

"What do you want, Ryoko?" he asked, flustered and frustrated.

"I want you, Tenchi."

"That's no answer!"

"Yes, it is!"

Ryoko, laughing, now lowered to the ground.  She stood in front of 
Tenchi.  She stood close to him.  Very close.

"Forget that silly work and pay attention to me."  Her golden eyes 
glinted.

"There's a time for work, Ryoko."

"And a time for play, sweetums."

"I'll tell you when that is."

"You have two dimples, Tenchi," Ryoko told him lovingly.  "Two 
beautiful dimples.  Unlike someone I know."

"Speaking of that someone...he's watching us."

Ryoko looked over at Tris.  "Oh no, he isn't.  He knows better."

Tenchi looked, too.  Ryoko was right, darn it.  That Tris!  What a 
time to finally show some discretion!

"Besides, he kissed Kiyone right in front of you."

"That was just a private moment between them."

"Let's have a private moment, Tenchi."

"Ryoko...please leave.  Okay?"

Ryoko pouted.  "I want a kiss first."

"Huh?  Now?"

"Tris kisses Kiyone all the time!  Kiss, kiss, kiss!"

"He does not," Tenchi insisted.

"He does, too!  I'll prove it."  Ryoko floated into the air.  She 
sailed over to where Tris was keeping his head down and his garden 
shears snipping.

"Hey Tris!" Ryoko called down to him.

"Hey what?" he responded.

"Don't you kiss Kiyone all the time?"

"Sure," said Tris.  "I'm kissing her right now.  See?  Don't let all 
this grass and walkway fool you, Ryoko."

Ryoko just laughed gaily.  She swooped down to Tris.  She hovered a 
few feet above him.

"Tenchi won't kiss me, Tris."

"That's his call."

"You'd kiss me...wouldn't you, Tris?"

"Never thought about it."

"Hah!"  Ryoko laughed.  "What a liar!  My, my!"

She soared in the air.  She turned a slow, lazy, and rather attractive 
cartwheel, from about twelve feet up.

"Men!" she said loudly, so both Tenchi and Tris could hear her.  
"Can't kiss with 'em.  Can't kiss without 'em."  Then she laughed 
again.  She was in a pretty good humor.  And she was going to get 
that kiss.



Just outside the Masaki manse's front door, Washuu was in a pretty 
bad humor.  She was taking it out on Tris, in absentia

"That fool!" she said.  "You called him a goofball, an idiot, Kiyone?  
You're too nice!"

"Washuu..." Kiyone began warningly.

"Miss Washuu, we rather cajoled him into doing it."  Ayeka was trying 
to be fair.  She was also trying to ignore what she saw in the 
distance: Ryoko swooping around Lord Tenchi.  Ayeka turned her back to 
it.  She would deal with Ryoko later.

"Really?  If you "cajoled" him to jump from the temple roof, would he 
do that, too?"  Washuu was clearly steaming.  "Where does he get off 
using hypnosis?  That's illegal!  Besides, it's like giving a chimp a 
proton accelerator to play with!  Disaster!"

"Miss Washuu," Ayeka interrupted the great scientist's rant.  "I 
understand that hypnotism is legal on this planet."

"It is," Kiyone affirmed.

"Well, it shouldn't be!"

"Why is it illegal in the Galactic Union?" Ayeka asked, her curiosity 
piqued. 

"Not sure of the details, but there was a real nasty misuse of it some 
time back," Washuu said.  "It involved children, as I recall."

"Good heavens!"

"This podunk planet!"  Washuu was incensed.  "They've barely crawled 
out of caves!  They "cure" people by sticking knives into them.  Let 
lamebrains go around hypnotizing people.  Put snacks in plastic bags 
you can't open without a small explosive.  I don't know why I came 
back to this hick planet."

"Maybe because no other planet would have you?"  Kiyone had her arms 
crossed, her dander up.

Washuu glowered at Kiyone a moment.  Then she relaxed.  She even 
chuckled a little.  "Yeah...forgot about that."  It still rankled, 
though.  Kicked out of the Royal Science Academy—-again—-even after 
being made honorary President.  Turned into a pariah again just 
because she had experimented a little with particle-compressed 
explosives.  All theoretical, of course, but just try telling those 
Science Academy dimwits that... 

"Might we now discuss Mihoshi, Miss Washuu?" Ayeka requested.  "What 
has happened to her?"

Washuu didn't answer the Princess directly.  Instead, she looked at 
Kiyone stonily.  "That brainless boyfriend of yours has bullocked up 
Mihoshi's mind.  That's what happened to your partner."

"How?" Kiyone asked.  "Tell us."

"I will.  But first, tell me, word for word, what Svengali Junior said 
to Mihoshi when he brought her out of that trance."

Kiyone repeated Tris's words verbatim.  Washuu groaned with genuine 
feeling.

"Nincompoop!"

"Why so, Miss Washuu?  He was merely being nice to her," Ayeka asked, 
confused.

Yeah," rapped Kiyone, arms still crossed dangerously.  "He was."

"Nice to her?  You girls are the limit!  None of you really understand 
Mihoshi, after being with her all this time--including you, her own 
partner," Washuu thrust at Kiyone.

"Explain that, Washuu!" Kiyone demanded.  "And quick!"

"Glad to."  It was what Washuu enjoyed most.  "Mihoshi isn't like 
the rest of us..."

"News flash!"

"Let me finish!  Now, Mihoshi is different because she is very 
innocent, very obliging, and very much wanting to please.  You know 
that, maybe, but you don't understand it.  If she likes someone, 
she'll do just about anything for them.  Well, she likes Tris.  I've 
only seen them together a few times, but I can tell.  She really 
likes him."

"Well...I suppose she does," Kiyone admitted.

"She does," Ayeka asserted.  "There is no doubt of it, Kiyone."

"Okay.  Now," Washuu continued, "when that birdbrain—-your boyfriend, 
Kiyone—-was bringing her out of that trance, he said some things to 
her he thought would boost her confidence.  Well, he just doesn't 
understand her and he doesn't understand hypnosis all that well, 
either.  What he thought was a nice, flattering statement was, to 
Mihoshi, a command!"

"You mean, such as when he told her to become a cabbit?" Ayeka asked.

"Exactly!  To Mihoshi, Tris was commanding her to become--what was 
that--oh, yeah, a "highly competent member of the Galaxy Police force 
whom many, many people respect."  So Mihoshi, under hypnosis, 
obligingly searched in her memory for someone to emulate whom she felt 
fit that description.  She successfully found that someone in her 
memory.  So now she's just carrying out Tris's instructions.  She's 
being that highly competent officer by emulating someone else.  The 
question is, whom is she imitating?"

"Oh, no!"  Kiyone smacked her forehead with her right hand.  "I 
really am dense today!  Now I recall whom Mihoshi reminds me of--
Inspector Yoolana Maki!"

"Whom is that, Kiyone?" Ayeka asked.

"Ohhhh, she's a real piece of work!  She's always assigned to the new 
women recruits at the Academy to stiffen them up and mold them into 
proper officer candidates--from her point of view.  She is a complete, 
total bitch, and she runs roughshod over the girls!  But she has a 
great arrest record, lots of medals, and the Academy brass thinks 
they're lucky to have her.  Hah!  We recruits were the unlucky ones to 
have her!"  Kiyone actually shivered a bit at the memory.  "You're 
right, Washuu.  Mihoshi's behavior fits Inspector Maki perfectly, 
right down to her sneer!"

Washuu nodded.  "That explains it.  Mihoshi picked her to mimic."

"From the way Mihoshi is acting," Ayeka commented, "this Maki woman 
must be an awful person."

"Awful?  She's hell on wheels, the old battleaxe!"  Kiyone was burning 
with bad memories.  "Surprise inspections, demerits for things like 
improper uniform cap wear—-she'd use a measuring tape!  Lectures on 
proper deportment, even about sex, as if that crusty old maid knew 
anything about it.  Lots of girls quit because of her, but the Academy 
doesn't care because they expect about half of us to bail out before 
graduation, anyway."

"And Cadet Mihoshi had her, too.  I see," Ayeka mused.  It was all 
becoming clear.

"That's right."  Kiyone smiled grimly.  "Poor Mihoshi was terrified 
of old "Double Demerit" Maki!  She'd stiffen to attention every time 
Inspector Maki went by and that old bitch would still find fault with 
Mihoshi and give her a demerit for something.  Mihoshi would have her 
fatigue uniforms made so stiff by the laundry that she could hardly 
bend over--and she would still flunk Maki's inspections!"  Kiyone 
seethed inside as she remembered the intentional mistreatment of her 
partner as a cadet.  "I think the old battleaxe was incensed by 
Mihoshi having a grandfather who is the Grand Marshall, and she made 
it as tough for her as she could."

"Yet Cadet Mihoshi made it through the Academy, did she not?" Ayeka 
pointed out.

"Yeah," Kiyone said thoughtfully.  "She did, at that."  She turned to 
Washuu.  "But why would Mihoshi imitate Inspector Maki?" she asked.  
"Why not imitate...?"  She stopped herself.

"Why not imitate you?  There's a bit of ego talking."  Washuu grinned.

"You know what I mean!"

"Sure, I know.  Mihoshi looks up to you, no doubt of it.  But remember 
Tris's words, that bonehead—-"whom many, many people respect"?  At the 
present time--and I don't mean to be unkind—-how many people in the 
Galaxy Police or in general respect you these days?  You and Mihoshi 
are currently on bad terms with the GP, right?"

"Yeah," Kiyone admitted quietly.  "Right enough."

"There you go," Washuu said.  "Mihoshi followed what she interpreted 
as Tris's command to the letter."

"Well, all that explains it, Miss Washuu, but what can we do?  We 
need to change Mihoshi back," Ayeka said.

"That airhead?  Who wants her back?" Washuu asked, deciding to have a 
little fun.

"I do!" flared Kiyone.

"I do also, Miss Washuu," Ayeka seconded.

"You sure, Kiyone?"  Washuu inwardly smiled.  Ironically, this new 
Mihoshi was just about everything that Kiyone had long professed to 
want in an ideal partner.  "You could go pretty far with a competent, 
dedicated partner like this mean but proficient Mihoshi.  Much 
further, maybe, than you ever could with the original—-"

"I...want...her...back!"  Kiyone all but shouted out each word.

Ayeka stared at Kiyone, startled by her vehemence.  But Washuu was 
not a bit surprised.  Beneath the yelling and frustration, there was 
a real friendship between Kiyone and Mihoshi.  In a way, Kiyone needed 
Mihoshi, or someone like her, for a friend, Washuu knew.  Mihoshi 
teased and cajoled Kiyone to lighten up, to go out to karaoke bars and 
such, to have fun once in a while and enjoy life.  On her own, Kiyone 
would work herself to the ground without someone to prod her to relax 
occasionally. 

"Okay."  Washuu grinned.  "I guess I don't care much for this Mean 
Mihoshi, either.  Let's go talk to your brainless boyfriend, Kiyone."

"Why?"

"Because he's the only one who can cancel that command and bring 
Mihoshi out of that post-hypnotic state.  Mihoshi won't respond to 
anyone except the one who hypnotized her.  I'm no expert on hypnosis, 
but I know that much."

"All right, then, let's go talk to Tris," Kiyone said.

"Perhaps I should go back inside the house and visit with Sasami in 
the kitchen," Ayeka suggested.  "With Sasami and myself present and 
accounted for, Mihoshi will not start getting suspicious--I hope!" 

"Good idea, Ayeka," Washuu agreed.  "Let's go, Kiyone."



"Tenchi's gonna kiss me...Tenchi's gonna kiss me..." Ryoko chanted, 
hovering over Tenchi again.

"Tenchi's going to get his mowing done.  Then Tenchi's going to have 
lunch," he told her irritably.

"What...no sugar?  Tenchi's got to have his sugar.  Tenchi loves 
sugar, his Ryoko knows."  Ryoko smiled, sweeter than maple syrup.  
She hovered closer to him.  "Come have your sugar, Tenchi, and Ryoko 
will leave her big man to his big chores."

"You're giving me a big pain," Tenchi told her.

"Then let me kiss it and make it better..."

Ryoko lowered to the ground.  She now stood right before Tenchi.  Her 
arms wrapped around him.  Her eyes glowed.  It was almost hypnotic.  
Her lips sought his--Tenchi felt his will power evaporate.  Then, 
over Ryoko's right shoulder, he saw--

"Washuu!"

"Washuu?  What are you talking about?" Ryoko asked, surprised.

"Washuu.  She's outside, coming toward us," Tenchi explained.

"Huh?  You're kidding, Tenchi."

"See for yourself."

Ryoko turned her head, releasing Tenchi as she did.  "Well, I'll be 
darned.  Out of her hole and into the sunlight!  You don't see that 
every day."

"Not since we had that watermelon party."

"Hey, she's walking toward Tris.  She's got Kiyone with her.  Washuu 
doesn't look a bit happy, either."  Ryoko sounded intrigued.  "Wonder 
if she's going to tear Tris a new one?  Wonder what he's screwed up 
now?"

"Ryoko...!"

"Let's go see.  Come on!"  Ryoko grabbed his hand.

Tenchi went along.  He thought he'd better join the group.  Ryoko was 
right.  Washuu was not wearing a happy face.



"This tea is adequate, little girl," Mihoshi said, standing at the 
kitchen counter.  She put down her teacup.

"Thank you."  Sasami, standing beside her, was finding it hard to 
keep her voice neutral.

"You might, of course, steep the tea a bit longer," Mihoshi told her.

"Uh-huh," Sasami muttered.  Her woeful feelings were hardening into 
anger at hearing her tea-making critiqued.

"And I would recommend fresher tea leaves.  Remember, child...the 
fresher the tea leaves, the tastier the tea."

"Uh-huh."

"I hope I don't detect a note of disrespect."

"No.  I'm not being disrespectful."  Sasami's tone belied her words. 

Mihoshi shook her head resignedly at such childish behavior.

A moment later, Ayeka walked into the kitchen.  "Oh, there you are, 
Detective Kuramitsu."  The Princess tried hard to make her voice sound 
casual.

"Ah."  Mihoshi eyed her prisoner with satisfaction.  "I'm glad to see 
you, Princess Ayeka.  I'm also glad you didn't try to abscond."

"Thank you," said Ayeka though gritted teeth.

"Do you want some tea, Ayeka?" Sasami asked.

"Yes, thank you, dear."  Ayeka smiled at her little sister.  Sasami 
walked to the stove to brew more tea.

"Capable child," Mihoshi said, sipping her tea.  "It's a shame she 
lacks respectfulness."

Ayeka just looked at Mihoshi, stonefaced.  Inside, she boiled hotter 
than the tea water.  She wondered if just one power beam—-just one—-
would hurt Mean Mihoshi all that much.



At that moment outside the house, Tris looked as if a power beam had 
hit him.  He stared at Washuu, aghast.

"I don't believe it!"

"It's true, Tris," Kiyone told him quietly.

"I don't see how...why..."

"Because you don't know what the hell you're doing!" Washuu informed 
him raspingly.  "Are you a psychologist?  A doctor?  Have you trained 
anywhere?  No!  Would you prescribe for Mihoshi if she were sick?  No, 
you say?  Then why did you mess with her mind?  I thought you had some 
sense, Tris!"

"Wow!" said Ryoko, amused.  "Another Tris screw-up!  It's getting as 
regular as clockwork!"

"You're not helping, Ryoko."  Tenchi turned to Washuu.  "You hold on 
one minute, Washuu."  Tenchi was shocked by what he had heard about 
Mihoshi, but he wasn't about to stand there and let Tris take such a 
verbal beating.  "Didn't you do the same thing with that Dream Machine 
of yours?"

"Yeah, Washuu--talk about messing with people's minds!"  The Pretty 
Sammy episode clearly still rankled with Ryoko.

"I was intending only to give you the tools to have a pleasant night's 
sleep.  What happened was an accident.  I didn't set out to tap into 
your minds and give you commands," Washuu rejoined.  "That's what this 
ignoramus did, on purpose.  And for what--a parlor game?"

"You're being a little rough on him, Washuu," Kiyone objected.

"I mean to be!"

"Yell at all of us, then.  We're all responsible," Tenchi said.

"No, Tenchi," Tris said morosely.  "I did it, I'm responsible, and I 
should have known better.  All my past attempts of hypnosis were in a 
lab supervised by a full professor of psychology.  I shouldn't have 
tried it on my own.  Let's have that on the record, anyway."

Washuu looked at him.  Her expression had softened a bit.  "Well, I 
guess you're not completely hopeless.  I'm still mad as hell at you, 
Tris, in case you haven't picked up on it."

"I caught a hint."

"But I can't blame you too much.  You're just a product of this 
backward planet."

"It's home, sweet home, to me, Washuu," Tris told her.

"Me, too," said Tenchi.  "If you really have chilled out now, Washuu, 
maybe we can talk about what to do."

"That's up to Tris.  He screwed up Mihoshi's mind--he can un-screw it 
up."

"How could he possibly screw up Mihoshi's mind?" Ryoko asked.  "Any 
more than it already is, I mean?"

Tenchi gave Ryoko that special look she knew so well.  He didn't need 
to tell her.  She shut up.

"So, he just needs to hypnotize her again.  Is that it?"  Tenchi 
asked Washuu.

"That's it...and give her the right instructions when he awakens her 
this time."

"Tris?"  Tenchi looked at the young American.

"Let's do it," Tris said firmly.  "I'm ready."

"You're just going to walk in on her and hypnotize her, huh?" Washuu 
asked skeptically.

"Right now, I plan to walk in on her and size up the situation," Tris 
replied.  "Then, we'll see."

"You need a plan, Stan," Washuu told him.  "And you're no planner.  
You're not even much of a hypnotist.  You'd better let us work this 
part out.  You've done enough damage already.  You'll just mess things 
up more on your own."

"Yeah?  Just watch me."  Tris turned on his heel and strode off toward 
the house.  Washuu had finally angered him.

"Nice, Washuu, very nice," Kiyone said, irritated.  "Give him a big 
job to do, and then make him feel like two yen."

"Kiyone's right," Tenchi agreed.  "That's no way to speak to anyone, 
Washuu."

Washuu compressed her lips.  "Well...maybe I didn't handle that just 
right."

"You handled it lousy, Washuu," Ryoko told her.  "He's a goofball, 
but he sure showed me something today.  You won't even give him 
credit for being able to do something none of us can do.   Just for 
that, I'm going to help that guy."

"Ryoko," Tenchi said, as the space pirate began to leave terra firma.  
"I don't think you should—-"

"Don't worry, Tenchi...Kiyone...I know what I'm doing."  Ryoko 
floated higher.  "Washuu, you just stand back and learn something."

She became fully airborne and wafted toward Tris.

"I hope she does know what she's doing," Tenchi said doubtfully.  
Kiyone and Washuu looked even more doubtful.  Tenchi shrugged and 
began to follow Ryoko and Tris to the house.  Kiyone and Washuu 
followed him.

"Ryoko and Tris," Washuu muttered to Kiyone as they walked.  "Sounds 
like a recipie for disaster with extra helpings!"



"Hey, Tris!" Ryoko called down as she approached the American.

"Hay's for horses."  He kept walking.

"That's pretty funny, Tris."

"Hysterically funny."  Tris did not stop.

Ryoko didn't seem to mind.  She simply hovered beside him as he 
walked.  "Look, I know you can fix this thing.  I know how, and I bet 
you do, too."

Tris slowed his walking pace.  "Oh?"

"Sure!  I don't care whose act Mihoshi is copying.  Mihoshi is still 
Mihoshi."

"And?"

"She's still a woman, Tris."

"Ahhhh...!"

"It's true.  Use it!"

Tris slowed down even more.  He looked thoughtful.

He had to admit, Ryoko seemed to have more of an plan than he had.  
He also realized that although Ryoko had not apologized to him for 
doubting his word earlier, she was, in her own way, making amends 
now.  "You mean, try to appeal to her...womanly nature?"

"I mean, bowl her over.  Get her intrigued.  Then--give her the 
whammy!"

"Say...you really have an idea there, Ryoko."

She did, too.  If this new Mihoshi—-this Mean Mihoshi—-could still 
have her interest aroused, her curiosity piqued, he could perhaps 
induce her into hypnosis.  But he would need something to capture her 
attention.  He didn't think the tip of a pen would work this time!  
He told this to Ryoko.  Ryoko thought a moment, and then laughed with 
glee.  She suggested the perfect object to capture even Mean Mihoshi's 
attention.

"I'll go to my stash and get it.  I wasn't a space pirate all those 
years with nothing to show for it!"



A few minutes later, Tris reached the house.  He waited just outside 
the front door until Tenchi, Kiyone, and Washuu reached him.  He then 
told them part of what he and Ryoko—-mainly Ryoko--had come up with.  
Tenchi looked relieved (he was usually a little leery of Ryoko's 
scheming, but this sounded relatively reasonable).  Kiyone looked 
proud of him and Washuu even appeared a bit repentant.  

"It's okay, Washuu," Tris said when the great scientist tried to 
apologize.  "You were right, up and down the line.  You sure used a 
wire brush, though, when you tried to scrub the stupid off me."

"You're an all right guy, Tris," Washuu said.  "And at least the 
stupid does scrub off you."

"Better save your bouquets until after I pull this off," Tris said.  
"If I do."

"Do you think you can get Mihoshi to be...cooperative?"  Tenchi 
asked.

"Think so.  Ryoko really came up with a great idea.  I don't think 
any woman could resist it."

"Resist what?" Kiyone asked.

"Yeah, what?  I can resist pretty darn well," Washuu added.

"Well, say a man came to you, a man you don't outright despise...and 
he told you..."

Tris told them.  Both the women looked impressed.  Tenchi grinned.

"Well...I'd at least look at it," Kiyone admitted.

"You bet I'd look at it!" Washuu confirmed.  "That Ryoko is a 
sharpie."

"Yes, but where is Ryoko?" Tenchi wondered.

"Right here," Ryoko replied, suddenly materializing from teleport 
above them.  She floated to the ground.

Tris nearly jumped out of his skin.  He could never get used to that 
aspect of Ryoko's amazing powers.

Recovering quickly, he asked Ryoko, "You found it?"

"You bet, partner."  Ryoko smiled at him.  From a hidden pocket in 
her tight crimson sheath dress, she produced it...the most dazzling 
gem, mounted on a finely wrought ring band, that Tris had ever seen.  
The gem was oval, with a deep azure fire.  The band looked very 
fragile, but boasted fine scroll work and seemed to be made of 
platinum or something very close to it.

"I lifted this off some snooty high-caste young frump a while ago, 
just before I gave up pirating for good," Ryoko explained.  

"Now, that's a keeper!" Washuu noted.  "It's a Zarian Brilliant.  It's 
priceless." 

"It's a beauty, all right."  Kiyone sighed.

Tenchi caught Tris's eye.  He grinned.  Tris grinned back.

"Ryoko," Tenchi said, "you are a marvel sometimes."

"Really?"  Ryoko smiled.  "Then where's my kiss?"

"Later!"

"I'll hold you to that, lover."  Ryoko was satisfied.  Tenchi kept his 
promises.

Kiyone took the sparkling gem ring from Ryoko and handed it to Tris.  
"Better go in the house and do your stuff, buster," she told him.  
"Mean Mihoshi is going to start getting antsy soon."

"Okay.  Where's my kiss?" Tris asked her.

Kiyone smiled and shook her head.  "To quote Tenchi--later!"



Ayeka was just about to strangle Mean Mihoshi and to blazing hell 
with the consequences when Tris entered the kitchen.  The Princess 
nearly quivered with relief.

"I am so glad to see you, Tristram," Ayeka told him.  "I really mean 
that."

"Me, too."  Sasami smiled for the first time since she had met up with 
Mean Mihoshi.

"Glad to be here, ladies.  I was told my girlfriend...oh, here she 
is."

Mihoshi turned, stiff-backed, to observe the visitor.  She eyed Tris.  

"I believe...I know you."

"Of course you do, darling."  Tris smiled at her, piling on all the 
charm--at least all the charm he could acquire after watching every 
Cary Grant movie ever made.  "I told you I had something special for 
you.  Remember?"

Mihoshi regarded at him with those hard, cold blue eyes.  Tris could 
now appreciate what the others had been talking about.  It was 
downright unnerving to see Mihoshi like this.

Ayeka tensed, as did Sasami.  Tris held his smile, the confidence 
just oozing out of him as Mihoshi continued to look at him with hard 
appraisal.

Finally she asked, "Something for me?"

"Yes, darling."

"Why do you call me "darling," young man?"

"Just a habit.  I always call my fianceés darling."

"Fianceé!"  Mihoshi looked startled.  If nothing else, she had been 
shaken from that overwhelming self-possession.

"How lovely!"  Ayeka caught on quickly.  "You are very lucky, 
Detective.  I must admit, I have had my eye on this handsome man 
myself."

"What?"  Mihoshi was still obviously coming to grips with the fact 
that her old-maid persona now had a beau.  "You have, Princess?"

"Oh, yes.  There are not many good catches such as this wealthy young 
man around."

"That's for sure!" Sasami added.

"My blushes, ladies," Tris said with becoming modesty.

"Wealthy?"  Mihoshi examined Tris's polo shirt and khaki pants, both 
the worse for several hours of trimming grass.  Tris certainly did not 
appear wealthy.

His slip was showing, Tris knew.  Time to bring in the clincher.

"Just a few pleasure planets, here and there, in my portfolio.  By the 
way, darling, I finally found the ring you wanted."

"Ring?"

"Yes, darling...your engagement ring."

Both Ayeka's and Sasami's eyes widened.  This was some bluff!

Mihoshi hesitated.  

Tris waited, trying to keep his affectionate smile from slipping.

"I think I'd like to see this ring."  Mihoshi's voice had lost a bit 
of its coldness.

Tris mentally blessed Ryoko, that cagey space pirate.  She had been 
right.  It was hard for a woman to resist having a peek at an 
engagement ring bought for her.

"And so you shall."  Tris opened his right hand, and presented it to 
her with a flourish.

"Ahhhhhh..."

Mihoshi was captivated by the stunning gem ring.  So were Ayeka and 
Sasami.

Ayeka had not seen a Zarian Brilliant in some time.  Even the Juraian 
crown treasury could boast only a few examples.  In fact, an 
acquaintance of hers back on Jurai had a ring with such a fabulous 
gemstone stolen from her by a masked bandit--it had broken the poor 
women's heart.  Understandably.  Then Ayeka's forehead crinkled.  
Stolen...where had Tris gotten this ring...?

No such questions seemed to confound Mihoshi.  Her eyes were wide 
with wonder as she beheld the ring with its fiery jewel.  "Is this 
what you bought for me?"

"Yes, darling.  It's yours.  And, if you look at it closer...you'll 
see how flawless it is."

Mihoshi leaned forward for a closer look at the gemstone.

"Just a little closer...that's it.  It's such a fantastic jewel...you 
just can't take your eyes off of it..."



Some time later, all were gathered in the living room.  Tris and 
Tenchi had moved Mihoshi there to make her re-awakening more 
comfortable.

Mihoshi was sitting, slumped back, on one of the couches.  Her eyes 
were closed.  Tris was sitting beside her, looking a bit apprehensive.

"Go on, Tris," Kiyone told him.  "Bring her out of it."

"I want to do it right this time."

Washuu walked up to him.  "Tris, you'll do it right.  Just do it."

"Come on, Tris," Tenchi said.  "You're the man!"

Kiyone squeezed his shoulder.  "You are."

"Okay."  Tris turned to Mihoshi.

"Mihoshi...you can hear me."

"Yes."

"It was fun, playing make-believe, wasn't it?"

"Yes...it was fun," Mihoshi murmured.  

"But now it's time to end it.  Kiyone needs your help with the 
housework.  And Sasami has some nice tea and cookies for you.  And we 
all want you back, Mihoshi.  Okay?" 

"Okay."

"I'll count to three and then you'll awaken, after having a nice nap.  
You will remember nothing of this.  Are you ready?"

"I'm ready."

"One...two...three!"  Tris stood up from the couch and backed away a 
bit.  Mihoshi began to stir.

Then...slowly...Mihoshi's eyes opened.

Everybody else in the room seemed to hold their breath.

Those blue eyes took them in.  They were warm and affectionate and 
clear.  Not a bit of rancor or calculation showed in them.  Nothing 
but inner serenity and sweetness.

"Hello, everybody!" Mihoshi said.  "Did I fall asleep again?  I'm 
sorry!"

Kiyone impulsively walked up to her partner.  She hugged her.  "Don't 
be sorry, Mihoshi...don't every be sorry!"

"Gosh..."  Mihoshi's face was pink with surprised delight at her 
partner's show of affection.

Sasami walked up to her, too.  Tears brimmed in her eyes.  "I'm so 
glad you're back, Mihoshi.  I missed you!"

"Why...where did I go?" Mihoshi asked, smiling at her young friend.

"Never mind, Mihoshi."  Kiyone fondly tucked some stray golden blonde 
hair back beneath Mihoshi's maroon hair ribbon.  Mihoshi beamed at 
Kiyone's ministrations.

Tenchi grinned at her.  "You were asleep, Mihoshi.  We very glad 
you're awake now."

"Really?"  Mihoshi looked at Tenchi.  She seemed a bit confused, but 
pleased.

Ayeka now walked up to Mihoshi.  "You are feeling quite all right now, 
dear Mihoshi?"

"I feel all right, Ayeka."

"I am so very glad." 

Ryoko also walked up to the seated Galaxy Police officer.  "Yeah, I am 
too, Mihoshi."

"Gosh, thanks, Ryoko!"  Mihoshi still appeared a bit nonplussed, but 
she clearly loved all the attention--especially from Ryoko.

"Well, cutie," Washuu said to Tris, both of them standing a little 
distance away from the others.  "You pulled it off."

Tris nodded.  "By the skin of my teeth.  But any landing you can walk 
away from is a good landing."

"Roger that!"  Washuu smiled at Tris's surprised reaction.  "Hey, I 
know some of that pilot lingo!"  She looked at Mihoshi.  "Yeah, she's 
back with us now.  Look at them make a fuss over her!  About time.  
You did a bad thing, Tris, but maybe it ended up being a good thing.  
I think Grandpa says that happens sometimes.  Well, stick a fork in 
me...I'm done.  See ya."  Washuu left the room.

Tris shook his head with amused wonderment.  Washuu...one of a kind 
and no mistake.

He walked up to the group surrounding Mihoshi.

"Hi, Tris!" Mihoshi said to him.

"Hi, Mihoshi."  Tris smiled.  "How are you doing?"

"I'm doing real fine...gosh!"

Ryoko, who had slipped away from the room, now floated up to her.  
She carried something in her arms.  She gave it to Mihoshi.  "Here.  
I thought you might want this."

"Trissy!"  Mihoshi hugged her plush pooch.  "Thank you, Ryoko!"

"Yes," Tenchi said, smiling.  "Thank you, Ryoko."

"You know how to thank me, Tenchi..."  Ryoko smiled slyly at him.

"What?  What do you mean?" Ayeka asked.

"Nothing," Tenchi said.  "Isn't it nice to have our Mihoshi back?"

Mihoshi was looking at Tris.  She felt a sudden urge to hug him.  She 
hugged Trissy instead.  "Tris, why is everybody being so nice to me?  
Is there something wrong?"

"There's nothing wrong, Mihoshi."

"Of course not, Mihoshi," Kiyone told her.  "In fact...things couldn't 
be righter!"  

Meanwhile, Ayeka was taking this opportunity to clear up a certain 
matter.

"I want to ask you a question about that ring, Ryoko," she confronted 
the space pirate.  "I seem to recall an acquaintence of mine had one 
just like it--and it was stolen!"

"Well, fancy that," Ryoko said.  "What's your question, Princess?"

"Tristram got that ring from you, did he not?"

"He sure did, Princess."  

"So, then--where did you get it, Ryoko?"

"That's two questions, Princess."

"Ryoko!  I demand to know where—-"

"Girls...can't you two have this discussion later?" Tenchi asked, 
walking up to them.

"Fine by me, Tenchi."  Ryoko smiled at him.

"Very well, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka conceded.  "But the subject is not 
closed!"

At that moment, still sitting on the couch, Mihoshi was thinking hard.  
"You know...I had a funny dream."  She frowned.

"Was Pretty Sammy in it?" Tris joked.

Mihoshi laughed.  Kiyone shook her head, smiling.

"Ohhhh..." Sasami said, but she was not really annoyed.  Then she 
glanced up at the wall clock.  "Gosh, I nearly forgot.  It's time for 
lunch!"

"Lunch!" cried Mihoshi.  "Yay!"



As the group gathered in the dining room for the midday meal, they 
were unaware—-blissfully unaware—-of more trouble coming their way.

It was coming in the form of a small space cruiser—-a POS, or 
Privately Owned Ship, as the Galaxy Police would classify it.  It was 
a trim craft and an expensive one, made for private individuals and 
their guests to cruise the known spaceways in comfort and safety.  The 
ship was the property of one Kagal Qe'ent, a wealthy and politically 
influential importer from the planet Souiis, possibly the most wealthy 
and influential world in the Galactic Union, next to the planet Jurai.

However, that worthy was not piloting his ship.  He was on a holiday 
with his new (and third) wife on one of the pleasure planets.  He 
would have found no pleasure at all had he known his cruiser was out 
of home dock and in deep space.  His displeasure would have increased 
tenfold had he known whom was at the cockpit's controls.

The person at the controls was finding things rather out of control.  
The pilot was a young female, very expensively dressed in a toga dress 
bespeaking the very latest fashions of the teen set on Souiis.  Her 
lime hair (a very hip shade, ask any young Souiisian) was piled atop 
her head in what might have passed as a "beehive" on Earth.  She was 
overdressed, over-bejeweled, over-perfumed, over-made-up, over-
indulged...in fact, she was the teenaged daughter of Kagal Qe'ent.  
The equally young female in the second cockpit seat resembled her, 
somewhat, except that she wore a stylish long purple tunic, belted at 
the waist, with tight red leggings.  She wore her raspberry-colored 
hair in a long—-again, to employ an Earth term--ponytail.  She was the 
daughter of a business partner of Kagal Qe'ent, one Torvah Vetrah. 

They were two rich, spoiled, and immensely self-centered and arrogant 
teen girls.  Parents throughout the galaxy would have recognized their 
type immediately.  One of them had taken her Daddy's cruiser for a joy 
ride.  Only, the joy had gone out of the ride, because they were lost.

"No, we aren't, Beah!" Viatrix Qe'ent denied hotly.  "I know where we 
are!"

"You do not!  I mean, we're out in the boondocks somewhere!" Beah 
Vetrah countered.  "I thought you knew where that band was going to 
play!"

"I did," Viatrix insisted.  "It just...isn't where it's supposed to 
be!  Is that my fault?  The stupid Galaxy Police outlawed the concert 
just because a few losers got trampled the last time and the place 
they moved it to is really out in the boonies.  Maybe they had to 
move it again because the stupid cops found out about the new place."

"Maybe--but who cares!  We're lost!  I should have never come!" Beah 
wailed.  "You took your Daddy's cruiser without asking!  Now we're 
nowhere!"

"It was your idea as much as mine!  Besides, all we have to do is let 
the navcom (navigational computer) guide us."

"You don't know how to work it!"

"Do too!"

"Sure you do...just like you knew how to run the synthesizer.  Now we 
have nothing to eat!"

"You don't need to eat anything," Vernoa said cattily.  "You're 
getting fat, anyway."

"I am not!"

The two girls fell silent.  Even their usual occupation of watching 
each other for any indication of weight gain—-no matter how slight—-
and crowing about it had lost its charm.  They sat on the richly 
appointed cockpit seats, facing the POS's cockpit console that 
contained the navcom.  They stared helplessly at the console's twin 
viewscreens and then out the transparent front of the cockpit.  Just 
blackness and stars.  The ship had stopped moving since its 
navigational controls had received no input from the human occupants.  
They weren't anywhere and not going anywhere.

"Well..." said Beah, with some hope in her voice. "If you really can 
work that navcom, why don't you do it?  I really am hungry and I want 
to go home.  We've missed the concert anyway."

Viatrix looked at her friend.  Beah looked like she might cry.  
Viatrix hoped she would not.  If she did, Viatrix night start crying, 
too...and then where would they be?

In fact...where were they?

She reached a decision.  She had seen Daddy work the navcom when they 
entered spaceways he did not immediately recognize.  She would press 
some buttons on it.  It was better than doing nothing.  She was 
wrong, of course.

A beringed finger jabbed at a few promising buttons.  The small 
navcom datascreen blinked and asked for input.  Viatrix shrugged and 
punched more buttons.

The ship shuddered and began to move--jerkily.

"Cool, girlfriend!" Beah approved.  "Now we're moving.  But shouldn't 
it more smooth?"

"Who cares?"  Viatrix was relieved.  "We're going somewhere, finally!"

Yes, they were going somewhere.  Off the main spaceways.  Gliding 
aimlessly through space...where they haplessly entered an obscure 
sector of the galaxy where no inhabited planets existed advanced 
enough to be part of the Galactic Union, where space traffic was 
accordingly restricted to authorized vessels only.  A sector whose 
floating space navigational buoys—-known as nav buoys--alerted the 
relevant authorities when an unauthorized ship (one that lacked the 
proper signal beacon) entered.  The POS was not authorized, of course, 
and the nav buoys acted according to their programming.  A signal was 
sent to the closest Galaxy Police Command Post.

The two girls were ignorant of this.  Their ship just kept penetraing 
deeper and deeper into that out-of-the-way and godforsaken patch of 
space, that lonely sector with the single inhabited planet.  That 
planet's primitive natives called the sector the "solar system."  That 
planet, of course, was Earth.        

Viatrix and Beah, who thought things back home at Souiis were pretty 
lame and backward, were about to find out just how lame and backward 
a planet really could be.



