TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER TWENTY
No Need For Pizza Pie
_____________________


Tris was dying.  But death was welcome.

Anything was welcome that would end the white-hot pain in his side, 
the burning sensation in his lungs, and the throbbing in his head.  He 
had all but collapsed on the ground, the hard, stony ground.  He lay 
there, panting, groaning, sweating buckets, and wondering if they had 
drive-ins in heaven.

His ruminations about the hereafter were interrupted as a pair of 
sandaled feet—-feet shod in snowy white socks—-appeared on the 
pavement before him.  St. Peter?

"Tristram?"  No.  It was Lord Yosho.  "Are you ill?"

"No," Tris gasped.  "Just dying...sir."

"Surely not!"  Lord Yosho reached down and pulled Tris to his feet 
with an iron strength that no one (at least, Tris) would have credited 
the wiry old man of possessing.  Yet Yosho's grasp was gentle, 
nonetheless.  Tris stood now, still panting, but color was returning 
to his face and the stabbing pain in his side moderated from butcher 
knife size to pen knife dimensions.

His vision cleared.  He was standing with Lord Yosho on the wide, 
paved walk that led directly to the soaring Shinto temple, the Masaki 
Shrine.  Behind him was the long, long series of steps leading to the 
valley below.

Suddenly Tris realized—-he was at the top!  He had done it!  He had 
run up all the steps!  He had reached his goal...and it had only cost 
him unimaginable pain and probably a portion of his left lung.  
Success!  He was ready to vomit with victory.  Fortunately, he hadn't 
eaten breakfast yet.

"I...I made it," he said with wonderment, still wheezing slightly. 

"You certainly did, Tristram," Lord Yosho said.  "Congratulations!  Of 
course, you may have attempted to reach your goal a bit too soon.  Do 
you feel ill?"

"Well...yes, sir.  Kinda.  But it's nothing much worse than I felt 
when I ran track in high school and Coach Nelson made me keep running 
the 440-yard dash because I kept tripping at the three-quarter marker.  
I'd try to kick in some extra speed there, and...sorry, sir.  Never 
mind."  The talking had helped.  After gulping in vast quantities of 
air and now moderating his air intake with conversation, his lungs no 
longer felt as if they were aflame...just a bit scorched.  The 
stabbing stitch at his side had moderated to a dull ache, too.

"That's quite all right, Tristram.  Your Coach Nelson was evidently a 
firm sensei, but those are the ones that usually extract the best from 
us."

"Yes, sir.  Coach Nelson sure extracted a lot from me, that's for 
sure.  I've always said I left my lungs at Northwest High School."

"You almost lost them again here, Tristram," Yosho commented with a 
small smile.

"I don't know what possessed me," Tris admitted.  "I've had to lay 
off the daily run up the steps for a few days, you know sir, and I 
would have been happy to reach as far as I had when I stopped.  But I 
just looked at the remaining steps and it didn't look all the tough—-
hah!--and I just kept running.  Kinda stupid, but I am glad I made 
it."

"I am also glad.  Perhaps that last burst was what you needed—-a way 
to finally overcome an obstacle.  Isn't it gratifying to set a 
difficult goal and achieve it, Tristram?"

"Yes, sir.  It kind of gives you confidence."

"It does, indeed.  You must always set difficult goals for yourself 
and achieve them, all your life, Tristram.  That is the way to improve 
yourself and to avoid becoming complacent and stale.  Just the 
continuous attempt to improve alone makes life more meaningful.  And 
sometimes other goals beckon, goals that you would not have been aware 
of had you not pushed yourself.  Of course, one must not push oneself 
too hard," Yosho concluded amiably.  "By the way...have you called 
your relatives, your aunts, yet?"

Tris shook his head.  "No, sir, not yet.  But I plan to."

"Good.  You will feel an enormous weight lift from your shoulders, 
Tristram, when you do.  At the very least, you will have done your 
best by your parents.  You may even mend a few fences.  You need your 
relatives, Tristram.  We all do."

"Yes sir."

"Well, you'd better go down and take your shower.  I have a few 
matters to attend to here and I will see you at breakfast."

"See you then, sir."

With a smile, Lord Yosho turned away and walked, with quiet dignity, 
back to the temple.  Tris looked after him a moment and then slowly 
began to descend the stone steps, taking them one at a time, his leg 
muscles protesting, but not too violently.



A little while later, breakfast commenced at the Masaki manse.  No 
one had needed to go get Washuu from her sub-dimensional lab.  She 
showed up at the breakfast table on her own volition.

Washuu took her place at the table where she and Nobuyuki usually sat 
together now (Nobuyuki had already left quite early to meet with a 
group of builders at a work site).  First, however, she had deposited 
a cloth-wrapped bundle in a corner of the dining room.  When asked 
about it, she simply smiled and acted mysterious, which was typical 
Washuu behavior—-she was obviously about to spring another invention 
on them.

Kiyone, knowing she would need to inform Lord Yosho and Washuu of the 
latest developments on the Klove front, waited until everyone had 
eaten breakfast and were sitting around sipping a last cup of tea.  
This was the second time--or was it the third?--that she would be 
bringing un-glad tidings.  She was getting heartily sick of it.  If 
she could have trusted Mihoshi not to break down and bawl, Kiyone 
would have delegated this task to her partner.

As it was, Mihoshi was darting her usual hopeful glances at Sasami, 
silently asking if there was more food.  Sasami shook her head.  The 
family was still on a tight budget; Nobuyuki's new firm was starting 
well but it wasn't bringing in much income yet.  Kiyone inwardly 
groaned at her partner's antics.  The little pig!  Well, let that 
be.  It was time to give them the bad news—-again.

"Lord Yosho, Washuu," Kiyone said.  "I need to bring you up to date 
on something that Mihoshi and I learned last night when we received a 
call from our Headquarters..."

When she finished, Lord Yosho and Washuu both regarded her with deep 
concern.  The others, already up on the latest disaster, nonetheless 
registered disquiet.  Unfortunately, a night's sleep had done nothing 
to bring a solution to the problem to anyone's mind.  It all sounded 
just as bad in the morning as it had last night.

As usual, Lord Yosho broke the silence.  "That is distressing news, 
Detective, very distressing, indeed.  We all know we took a chance to 
get that information, for it was truly vital to us.  It seems that 
good fortune does not smile on us lately.  Detective, I am truly 
sorry for this development."

"Thank you, Lord Yosho.  But it was all my doing, really," Kiyone 
shrugged.  "I authorized the hacking—-"

"We authorized the hacking!" Mihoshi insisted.

"Oh, all right, Mihoshi.  We authorized the hacking.  Anyway--"

"Listen, you two Joan of Arcs," Washuu interrupted.  "I did the 
hacking.  You didn't authorize me, Kiyone.  Short of hitting me with 
a blunt instrument, you couldn't have stopped me.  So there!"

"So what?" Ryoko said testily.  "How does that help them?"

"It helps them because when that GP investigative team comes barging 
in, I'll confess and surrender myself.  Unlike some people, I've 
taken my lumps for my crimes, although they weren't even crimes.  
I'll just do it again."  

"Miss Washuu."  Ayeka shook her head sadly.  "That is a wonderful 
gesture, and I know we all honor you for it.  But...you are talking 
nonsense."

Washuu looked at Ayeka, visibly startled by her comment.  "Huh?"

"The last time you were punished for your...activities...what 
happened?  You were imprisoned in a life-support capsule and sent 
into trackless space.  You were exiled, Miss Washuu, which is about 
as dreadful a punishment as our Galactic Union metes out.  It is only 
by the sheerest luck that your capsule landed on Earth and on the 
property of Lord Yosho and Lord Tenchi—-"

"You call that luck?" Ryoko muttered.

Ayeka glared at Ryoko.  "I can think of instances where other persons 
landed on this planet that I would not ascribe to good fortune, but 
never mind that.  The point is, Miss Washuu, that you have already 
been severely punished once.  Most recently, you were condemned again 
by the Royal Science Academy, and you were obliged to flee.  What 
shall the authorities do to you for a third offense?"

Kiyone nodded in agreement.  "Ayeka's right, Washuu.  I thank you for 
trying to take this all on yourself.  But if you turn yourself in, 
you'll get the max and that means involuntary exile again.  This time, 
they'll use a truly remote spaceway and your exile capsule will float 
in space forever.  That's worse than execution, to my thinking.  We're 
sure as hell not going to let you do that!"

"But your careers!  If that investigative team doesn't find a suspect 
for the hacking--"

"I don't want a career based on your being exiled again," Kiyone 
interrupted.  "I'd rather flip burgers or direct traffic.  I mean it, 
Washuu."

More than one pair of eyes stared with surprise at Kiyone.  That last 
statement constituted the ultimate sacrifice for the career-drive 
young woman.  But at least a few sitting at the table also knew that 
Kiyone now had more than just a career on her mind--and in her heart.

"That's right, Washuu," Mihoshi seconded her partner.  "Please don't 
talk about getting arrested because of us."

"Well, hell," Washuu said irritably.  "Try to do something noble and 
all you get is static.  Listen, I didn't mean I'd let those goons ship 
me off into exile again.  I'll rig an escape device to spring on those 
goons at the proper time, and--"

"Yes, and you will then be an escaped fugitive, with the Galaxy Police 
on your heels," Ayeka told her.

"And, because of the nature of the offense, the GP will have legal 
sanction to pursue and arrest you anywhere, Washuu--even on Earth," 
Kiyone added.

"So you'd lose your hidey-hole here, Washuu," Ryoko told her.  "At 
least for a while.  You might find it pretty rugged."

"Well..."  Washuu just shrugged.

"Look here, Washuu.  I'm going to tell you something and I don't want 
you to get mad at me," Ryoko said seriously.  "You've had a fine old 
time here, doing your crazy experiments and living like a mole and, 
yeah, helping us out.  But you need to face facts.  You're just as 
much as fugitive as I am.  You're not welcome in the Union.  Sure, in 
your case, it's out of sight, out of mind for the cops."  Ryoko cast 
an ironic look at Kiyone and Mihoshi.  "But you show yourself out 
there, and you'll get jugged.  They're scared to death of you, Washuu.  
Don't you know that?  They don't know you like we do and they never 
will.  Now maybe you're not wanting to be such a damned old mole 
anymore and that's great.  But don't fool yourself.  I don't forget 
for a moment that I'm still on the lam.  So are you.  Just admit it 
and deal with it.  Okay?"

Washuu regarded Ryoko pensively.  The latter's words had really 
penetrated this time.  Despite all their feuding, she knew the space 
pirate was her friend.  And this time Ryoko was giving it to her 
straight.  "Okay," she said.

"Thank heavens!" Ayeka said.  She appreciated Ryoko's words to Washuu.  
She had been wanting to tell the great scientist much the same thing 
for quite a while.  "Now we are all dealing with reality."

Washuu looked at Ayeka and slowly nodded.  "Okay, you've convinced me 
to be selfish about this.  Fine.  So what do you all plan to do when 
that investigative team comes calling?"

Lord Yosho intervened.  "I can partially answer your question, 
Professor Washuu.  I don't wish to dictate to all of you, but I 
personally have a great aversion to the high-handed methods of the 
Galactic Union and the Juraian influence behind it, even though I am 
of royal Juraian blood myself.  That is why I left all that behind to 
live here, as you all know.  I am a citizen of this country and I am 
an Earthling by choice.  I won't acknowledge the authority of any 
Galaxy Police delegation that may come.  They have no authority here, 
period.  I will tell them nothing.  I know that my son-in-law will do 
likewise."

Tenchi nodded.  "That's right, Grandfather.  This is our home and 
they're intruders.  I won't tell them anything, either."

"That goes double for me, sweetums," Ryoko chimed in.

"Hah!  You're not going to be here and neither am I," Washuu told 
her firmly.  "You heard what Kiyone told us.  Our being found here 
will really land her and Mihoshi in the soup.  So, the first sign of 
them, you teleport out of here and you command Ryo-Ohki to scram, too.  
I'll scuttle off to my mole hole as you call it and close the portal.  
That'll fix their old investigation!"

Ryoko smiled.  "That's a plan, Washuu.  I'm in."

Tris shrugged.  "I don't know if I'll still be here, but this is one 
Earthling who won't talk to them.  I'll just do one of those "What!  
You're from outer space?" numbers and dummy up with shock."

"Why don't you faint, too?" Ryoko suggested snidely.  "That's what 
you almost did when you first found out about us."

"Sure.  Anything to oblige."  Tris grinned.

"You do and I'll kick you into the next prefecture!" Kiyone promised 
him.

But Kiyone couldn't help but smile.  The show of support from her 
friends was wonderful, a real boost.  At the moment, she was sitting 
so close to Tris, they were practically Siamese twins—-she could 
almost hear his very thoughts.  She was waiting for him to hold her 
hand under the table, but the big stiff was being particularly dense 
this morning.  It was discouraging.

Ryoko laughed.  "Boy, that'll look great to your fellow cops!  Police
brutaility!"

Tenchi laughed, too...but he stopped laughing when he saw Ayeka's and 
Sasami's faces.  Both princesses looked troubled.

Lord Yosho noticed it also.  "Is there a problem, Princess Ayeka?"

Ayeka and Sasami looked at each other.

"Ayeka?  Sasami?" Tenchi asked.

"Let's do it, big sister," Sasami said.  "I don't care about anything 
else but you and our friends here."

"All right, dear," Ayeka said softly.  "I quite agree."

"What the heck are you two mumbling about?" Ryoko demanded.

Ayeka turned to them.  "We both, Sasami and I, as Princesses of Jurai 
have a sacred, sworn duty to uphold the Galactic Union and all of its 
laws.  As future inheritors of the Throne of Jurai, we must obey any 
lawful order relayed to us by the authorities.  Thus, we will be 
obliged to answer their questions.  We cannot "dummy up" as you put 
it, Tristram.  We can, of course, refuse to answer their questions at 
first--we can claim it a matter of conscience.  But that will avail us 
nothing.  If needs be, that Galaxy Police contingent can and will 
notify our father, the King.  He could issue a royal command for us to 
speak.  We cannot disobey such a command.  We simply cannot."

Sasami nodded, looking quite miserable.  Lord Yosho's visage was grim.  
He well understood the position Ayeka and Sasami now found themselves 
in.

"What the hell!  So you'd blab on Kiyone and Mihoshi—-and Washuu?  
Why, you—-"  Ryoko was incensed.

"Ryoko...let her finish," Tenchi said.

Ryoko subsided, scowling.

"Thank you, Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka pursed her lips.  "As I said, as it 
stands now, Sasami and I must cooperate with the authorities.  Lord 
Yosho and Lord Tenchi are both Princes of Jurai and they ordinarily 
would be obligated to cooperate with the authorities as well.  But 
they will not and can take that stand with honor, because they have 
abandoned any claim to the Throne of Jurai to live here on Earth.  
Sasami and I will do the same."

That startling statement rendered the others mute for the moment.  No 
one responded.  All eyes were on Ayeka now.

"I...I know this seems drastic, but--" Ayeka started to say.

"Give up your throne?  You mean--you wouldn't be a princess any more?" 
Ryoko interrupted.

"That is partially correct, Ryoko.  We will retain our titles, just 
as Lord Tenchi and Lord Yosho have, but we will forfeit any claim to 
the Throne of Jurai.  That way, we shall not have any royal obligation 
to comply with Galaxy Police regulations and cannot be compelled to 
answer questions.  Both Sasami and I will be still of royal standing, 
but we will not be in any position of regal authority.  We shall 
become the near equivalents of private citizens.  And private citizens 
can choose not to answer questions under our laws."

Sasami nodded.  "That's right.  It's not a big deal for me since I 
haven't been formally crowned as a princess and taught all the stuff 
I need to know to exercise my powers and duties and all.  It's just a 
birthright."

"But it is a big deal, Sasami," Tenchi said.  "That is a massive step 
to take.  My so-called birthright means very little to me because I've 
never experienced the life of a Juraian Prince.  And Grandfather gave 
all of that up long ago.  But this is your life...yours and Ayeka's."

"And you are destined, Princess," Lord Yosho reminded Ayeka, "to 
become the Queen regent of Jurai.  As such, you would control the most 
powerful dynasty in the galaxy.  Can you truly turn away from all of 
that?"

"I couldn't!" Ryoko confessed.  "Man, if I had all that power and 
money, I'd just—-"  Her gaze fell upon Tenchi.  "Uh...well, I guess 
you, can, huh?"

"Yes, I can," Ayeka said.  "And I know what you are thinking, Ryoko.  
You are wrong.  This is not a ploy to make Lord Tenchi feel obligated 
to me.  Not at all.  This is for Kiyone and Mihoshi."

"Of course," Tenchi said.  "We all know that."  He glanced 
meaningfully at Ryoko.

"Aw, I didn't think that, Princess...well, not really," Ryoko said.  
"You can be pretty sneaky, but you wouldn't go this far."

"Well, thank you for that at any rate, Ryoko," Ayeka said, not 
exactly displaying appreciation for the left-handed compliment.

"That is one radical move, Princess," Washuu reflected.  "And for you 
too, Sasami.  I know your father, the King, is looking forward to 
dumping his job on you someday, Ayeka.  He's going to be one very 
upset gent."

"Well...he is upset with us, anyway," Ayeka said, defiantly.  But her 
doleful expression belied her words.

"Papa will just have to accept it," Sasami added.  She looked less 
than optimistic, too.

Kiyone now tapped her empty teacup on the table.  "No.  This has gone 
far enough.  Ayeka and Sasami, Mihoshi and I thank you...from the 
bottoms of our hearts.  But you're not going to throw away your 
birthrights.  Not for us.  Right, partner?"

"Right, partner," Mihoshi agreed, firmly and without hesitation.

"But, Kiyone--" 

"No, Ayeka.  There's a lot more riding on this than my career.  It's 
no secret that your father, the King, has not had a happy rule since 
he had to assume the throne again.  He hates the job now, obviously.  
And many folks hate him having the job again!  It is essential—-it 
really is-—that Jurai have a new ruler eventually, and a good one.  
That means either you, Ayeka, or you, Sasami.  Next to that...well, 
our little problems don't amount to—-"

"—-a hill of beans," Tris interjected.  "Besides, we'll always have 
Okayama." 

Kiyone whirled on him.  "Huh?"

"Play it again, Sasami," Tris said with a grin.(1)

"Play what?" Sasami asked. 

Mihoshi laughed.  "Oh!  That movie we saw!  Remember, Kiyone?"

"I remember," Kiyone gritted.  

Tenchi said, "Tris, Kiyone was making an important point, here—-"

"She made it, Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka looked at Sasami, sadly.  "Kiyone 
is right.  We cannot both abdicate, dear.  Too much is riding on the 
succession."

"I guess you're right, big sister," Sasami said somberly.

"And if only one of us abdicates, the other can be compelled by royal 
edict to speak.  Even if we leave here and return to Jurai, the 
authorities will simply question us there."

"I know," Sasami said.

"Of course, it might be worth a try anyway," Ryoko hinted.  "Your 
leaving, I mean, Princess."

"Ryoko!" Tenchi snapped.

"I know...I know."  Ryoko shut up.

Kiyone glowered at Tris.  He just grinned at her.  Then she smiled 
sweetly at him.  She reached out a hand and picked up his half filled 
but cold teacup...and then dumped the contents on his lap.

"Here's looking at you, kid," she said to him.

Tris looked down at his sodden lap.  "Of all the tea joints in all 
the world..." he muttered.

Lord Yosho said, "Princess, let us leave it at this: We will not talk 
to the Galaxy Police and you will not either, and the Galaxy Police 
will be compelled to approach the King.  Perhaps he will not agree to 
command you to speak.  He is not always agreeable, as we both know."  
The ghost of a smile appeared on his lips.

Ayeka also smiled.  "Yes, that is true, Lord Yosho.  Very well.  Do 
you agree, Sasami?"

"Sure!  Maybe the police will rub Papa the wrong way—-that's easy to 
do!" Sasami said.  "Mama will have something to say about all this, 
too."

"Yes she will, dear," Ayeka agreed, amused by the thought of Papa 
being confronted by the Galaxy Police and Mama intervening for her 
daughters.

Tris now finally slipped his hand over Kiyone's hand beneath the 
table.  About time!  Kiyone looked at him and then at his soaked lap.  
She inwardly sighed with love and contentment and held his hand 
warmly.  Then she smiled gratefully at her friends.

"Thanks.  Thanks so much, everyone," she said.  "Your help will give 
Mihoshi and me a fighting chance.  We may end up losing our badges 
anyway, but at least we'll give them a run for their money.  Of 
course, I never thought I'd be involved in trying to stonewall my own 
service!"

"But we have to, Kiyone," Mihoshi said.  "I don't like it either, but 
gosh, if we don't--we're sunk!"

"That's right, partner."

Ryoko was squirming with impatience now.  She had decided enough time 
and attention had been paid to Kiyone and Mihoshi's little problem 
already.  Now she wanted to talk about something that would solve 
their real problem—-the threat of Professor Klove—-and would also make 
her a hero in her Tenchi's eyes. 

Tenchi noticed Ryoko's less than subtle squirming.  "Do you have 
something to say, Ryoko?" he asked.

"You know I do, sweetums."  Ryoko smiled at him.  "It's what I 
mentioned last night.  My way to settle that Professor Klove's hash 
once and for all.  It won't involve anyone but little old me...and 
Ryo-Ohki, of course."

The cabbit, hearing her name mentioned, pranced from where she had 
been consuming carrot sticks in a corner of the kitchen.  She entered 
the dining room and trotted over to her mistress.  She began to rub 
against Ryoko, adoringly.

"That's right, Ryo-Ohki...we're going to go have some fun...isn't 
that nice?" Ryoko cooed to her cabbit.  She petted Ryo-Ohki's fluffy 
head affectionately.

"Fun!"  Ayeka seemed infuriated.  "Fun!  You promised us a way to 
render Professor Klove harmless, Ryoko.  What does fun have to do 
with it?"

"Hey, sending that creep to the bone yard is what I call fun, 
Princess," Ryoko replied, with a smidgen of defiance.  She could see 
already that the Princess was going to be a party-pooper.  As usual!

"The bone yard?" Tenchi questioned.  "Ryoko, I'm already getting a 
bad feeling about this idea of yours."

"But sweetums, you haven't heard it yet.  It's a corker!  It'll 
work!" Ryoko protested.

"If you are planning to set out on some harebrained adventure..." 
Ayeka chimed in.

"It's not harebrained!  It's classic!"  Ryoko's face reddened.  "You 
aren't giving me a chance here."

"We should hear Ryoko out, big sister," Sasami interceded.

Like the Princess, Lord Yosho also shared his grandson's initial 
reservations toward Ryoko's scheme.  But he simply said, "Sasami is 
right.  Please tell us your plan, Ryoko.  I'm certain we will all 
listen to it with objectivity."  He gaze swept the table.  Everyone, 
including the Princess, kept silent.

"Please proceed, Ryoko," he said.

"Thank you, Lord Yosho, Sasami."  Ryoko gave a last pat to Ryo-Ohki 
and the cabbit returned to her carrot meal.  Ryoko trained her golden 
eyes on Tenchi and then looked, in turn, at everyone.  "I'll admit 
this may be a bit...hinky.  But if this bum really has blown away all 
those people, he's only going to get what he deserves."  

Ryoko now regarded at Kiyone and Mihoshi.  "Don't get your tails in a 
knot, you two, but you known damned well I can elude GP patrols in my 
sleep."

Mihoshi looked sad—-she knew it was true; Kiyone looked incensed—-she 
knew it was true, too, but she hated being reminded of it by Ryoko.  
But neither spoke.

"I also know where Souiis is, and I can find that booby hatch they 
have Klove in.  So, I sashay over there in Ryo-Ohki, and I slip into 
the place.  I find out which cell they have Klove in.  I go in there--
and one fireball later, he's toast and we don't have a problem 
anymore."

Ryoko paused.  "So, he's dead, he can't use that mind probe on the 
Princess anymore, whatever weapon he plans to use on us doesn't matter 
and that scumbag gets what's coming to him, finally."  Ryoko again 
surveyed the table with her now-glittering golden eyes.  "Questions?"

Although both Tenchi and Ayeka had suspected something like this from 
Ryoko, they were visibly startled at the rawness of her plan, as were 
the others.  Of course, Ryoko was still a space pirate, the most 
notorious space pirate of all time, and she was inclined to dispense 
rough justice to her enemies.  But that was always in the form of a 
battle.  This was plain old sneaky-Pete manslaughter.  In fact, it 
was—-

"Murder," Kiyone said flatly.  "That's just plain murder, Ryoko.  And 
you know it."

"You really don't mean to just...do that...to him?" Mihoshi asked, 
shocked.  "You can't mean it, Ryoko."

"I do mean it!" Ryoko said, irritated.  "Murder?  He's the murderer, 
remember?  He's the baby killer, damn it!  He doesn't deserve any 
consideration."

"Ryoko," and Kiyone's voice was just the slightest bit sarcastic, 
"please don't get your tail in a knot--but you're just rationalizing 
murder.  Killing anyone who isn't immediately threatening your own 
life or the life of someone you're sworn to protect is murder.  It's 
murder in the Galactic Union.  It's murder on this planet.  It's 
murder, period.  Even Klove has rights."

"Maybe I'm just not as squeamish as you, Kiyone," Ryoko said.  "I 
don't think baby killers have rights.  I think you just kill them and 
make the galaxy a better place."

"Ryoko, everyone has rights," Mihoshi told her.  "Otherwise, it's no 
good, you know?"

"Well, I'm all busted up about that Klove's rights!"(2) Ryoko replied 
sarcastically.  "Tell it to the families of those people he killed.  
Now he wants to put us six feet under.  Listen, when someone tries to 
draw a bead on me, he's drawn his last breath—-and you can quote me!"

"Well, I can quote the Union Charter, if I have to...but you know it 
anyway, Ryoko," Kiyone said sternly.  "What you want to do is murder 
Professor Klove—-without a shred of solid evidence that he's done what 
we suspect he's done.  Why do you think Mihoshi and I don't turn over 
everything we have to Headquarters and have them deal with Klove?  
Because there's no solid proof.  To everyone else, he's still a 
helpless comatose patient in a mental institution.  Our superiors 
would just disregard our theories."

Kiyone paused.  "But if you kill him this way, you've murdered him.  
That means a murder charge...and that eclipses all the space piracy 
charges you still have hanging over you, Ryoko.  There's no statute of 
limitations on murder and no clemency.  The GP will chase you forever 
and they—-we—-will have orders to kill you if you resist."  Kiyone 
folded her arms across her chest.  Her expression was as hard as 
granite.

"We'd...we'd have to arrest you, Ryoko," Mihoshi said, clearly 
miserable about the notion.  "We wouldn't want to, but--"

"Like you two could!" Ryoko scoffed.

"We'd sure as hell try!" Kiyone told her.  "You'd either have to 
elude us, like you claim you can--or fight us.  Not only us, but the 
whole GP.  That's not to mention bounty hunters like Nagi.  Every 
hand will be against you, including ours, without a chance of 
reprieve.  Is that what you want?  That bastard Klove isn't worth 
it!"

Mihoshi nodded in agreement with her partner, her wide blue eyes 
anxious as she regarded Ryoko.  

"You don't want to be chased by the police always, do you, Ryoko?" 
Sasami asked the space pirate.  "You want to settle down and have a 
real home.  You told me so."

Ryoko slowly nodded.  That was a good point.  She wanted to settle 
down with Tenchi, in fact...and make this house her home.

"Ryoko," Tenchi said quietly.  "Do you remember saying how you hated 
it back when the GP and the Galactic Union used strong-arm methods to 
enforce the law?"

"Sure, sweetums.  It helped keep me a pirate--a proud pirate!"

"Okay.  So you don't like the authorities taking the law in their own 
hands.  The fact is, it's the same if anyone takes the law into their 
own hands...including you.  There's no security or protection when 
people go above the law, for whatever reason.  You're no better than 
those bullies in uniform were if you use vigilante tactics.  Do you 
understand?"

"Well..."  Ryoko was beginning to understand, a little.  "But, Tenchi, 
love, he's after us—-he's threatened us—-" 

"Threatened us?"  Washuu finally joined the discussion.  "Ryoko, at 
most he might have set those wardrobes upside down, or compelled the 
Princess to do it.  That's vandalism, not a threat.  Not to the law, 
anyway.  We don't have a shred of evidence that Klove had anything to 
do with the massacre of those families.  That's the beauty of Klove's 
scheme, don't you see?  We can't touch him unless we want the full 
weight and power of the Galactic Union crashing on our heads.  We have 
to wait for him to make the first move.  Anyway, you're the one who 
said we can clean his clock when he comes."

"And I meant it, Washuu.  But I thought it over and it's crazy not to 
strike first while we still have the chance to.  We're supposed to 
stand still and just wait for it?"

"That's exactly what we do, Ryoko," Tenchi said.  "Like Washuu said, 
Klove's planned this well.  He's kind of got us over a barrel.  So we 
wait.  Because we're not going to stoop to his level.  We're not going 
to commit murder."

"But..."  Ryoko frowned.  Their objections did makes sense now.  Rats!  
And she was resolved not to take this drastic step without at least 
Tenchi's approval.  But it would have been so easy.  And then Tenchi 
would be safe and so would everyone else.

"Ryoko," Lord Yosho said.  "While on Jurai I witnessed the effects of 
taking unlawful action.  It corrupts.  It is not possible to come away 
from such a thing unstained.  That was the beginning of the end for 
Kagato, when he abandoned the principles that guide civilized behavior 
to achieve a temporary gain.  He felt he was justified too, and he was 
once the very best of the very best.  You are also the very best of 
your kind.  You are a brave and loyal and honorable warrior, despite 
your earlier misdeeds.  You are precious to us, Ryoko, and we would 
not see your proud spirit debased by this act.  That is why...we must 
say no."

Lord Yosho spoke quietly.  But his words rang in Ryoko's ears.  She 
had never been so well spoken of by the Juraian Prince, the honorable 
grandfather of her true love.  She felt her anger and frustration 
melt away.

She was conscious of the others looking at her, full of concern for 
her--that included Kiyone and the Princess, she realized.  For a 
moment, Ryoko was overawed by the regard that everyone else was 
showing for her.  Ryoko, the space pirate, had been alone, viciously 
alone, most of her life.  That had been the hardest thing to endure as 
an outlaw and an outcast.  Now she knew that she would never be alone 
again.  She was surrounded by friends.  Even the Princess was her 
friend.  She had robbed many treasure troves but she had never found 
the treasure she really sought...and now she had found it on a 
backwater planet with the oddest group of people ever assembled--and 
the most wonderful group of people ever assembled.  She swallowed 
hard.

Then Tris said, "Besides, Ryoko, I'm kinda looking forward to seeing 
you kick Klove's butt.  You promised me a ringside seat."

The others laughed quietly.  It gave Ryoko a moment to collect 
herself.  Once she had, she looked at Tris with gratitude.  She knew 
now why Kiyone had such regard for him.  He was a right guy, although 
still a goofy guy.  

"That's right, goofball.  And I better hear you cheering in the 
bleachers when I knock that creep's block off!" she said with her old 
spirit.

"You will," Tris promised.

"We'll all be cheering, Ryoko," Tenchi said to her, smiling with 
relief.

"Yeah!" Mihoshi said happily.  "You're hear me too, Ryoko.  I'll be 
the one saying, "Yay!  Yay for Ryoko!""  

"Okay, Mihoshi," Ryoko said.  She smiled at the blonde galactic police 
officer.

"After all, Ryoko, you do have your public to consider, I suppose," 
Ayeka told her, twitting her mildly.  "You think of this thing as one 
of those wrestling matches on the television, I do believe.  You are 
just bound and determined to expose us to that awful sport!"

"That's right, Princess."  Ryoko grinned, liking the comparison.  
"It's three rounds, no holds barred, and only I walk away alive!"  

Lord Yosho now spoke.  "Ryoko certainly had raised an important 
subject," he pointed out.  "We touched on this topic before, but did 
not resolve it—-namely, what are we likely facing as a threat from 
Professor Klove and what can we do to anticipate that threat?"

Ryoko cast her eyes downward.  She had already made her views known 
about trying to build up a defense against Klove—-let the bastard 
come, she was ready!  Case closed.  But she knew that Tenchi and Lord 
Yosho and the others didn't agree with her, so she let it ride.

Besides, that Washuu had brought something with her.  Ryoko really 
wanted to know what crazy gadget the petite, redheaded scientist had 
come up with this time.  It had to be a real cruncher, the way 
Washuu was smiling.

Tenchi also noticed Washuu's anticipatory smile.  He grinned.  No 
doubt, Washuu had wrought some sort of great invention.  They'd 
better cover that topic first, before Washuu burst with eagerness.

"Grandfather, I think Washuu has something to show us first," he 
said.

Lord Yosho nodded, smiling slightly.  "I believe you're right, 
grandson.  Well, Professor Washuu?  The floor is yours."

"I just hope she doesn't blow a hole in it," Ryoko muttered to Ayeka.

"Hush now," Ayeka murmured back.  

Washuu darted a jaundiced look at Ryoko, but otherwise ignored the 
jibe.  She rose from the table and walked over to the cloth-wrapped 
object she had brought.  She picked it up.

"Well, you can all get ready to be impressed," she said breezily.  
"Especially a certain person who has been staying up all night 
performing watchdog duties that, when you think about it, suit her 
skill set very well."

"Grrr..." Ryoko said.

"See?  She has the technical language down pat."  Washuu grinned. 

"Maybe we better move along, Washuu," Tenchi suggested, glancing at 
Ryoko's somewhat peeved expression.

"As you wish, Tenchi.  What I have developed, through my own 
brilliant research (and borrowing a little from that Professor Klove's 
paper on brain wave mapping) is a device that will alert us when he 
tries to invade the Princess's mind--and it may even block him!"  
Washuu smiled modestly.  "I know, it's mind-boggling--no pun intended!  
Go ahead, show your admiration.  I'll wait five minutes for your 
applause to die down."

Washuu waited six minutes...and the applause didn't even start.  She 
looked a bit disappointed.

"Maybe you ought to show it to us, Washuu," Tris suggested.  "You 
still have it covered up."

"Oh...so I do.  Silly me," Washuu said.  "Thanks, cutie.  No flies on 
you.  Now—-feast your eyes!"  Washuu quickly whipped the cloth away 
from the object in her hands.  The cloth fluttered noiselessly to the 
floor.  

Then Washuu began getting feedback...but not exactly the kind she had 
expected.

"It's a bicycle helmet?  With lights on it?" Sasami ventured.

"It looks funny!" Mihoshi said.  "Does it make a noise?"

"Hey, that bike helmet looks awfully familiar," Ryoko said, squinting 
at it.

"It sure does—-Washuu!" Tenchi cried.  "That's my bike helmet!"

"Well, you don't have a bike anymore," Washuu pointed out.  "So you 
don't need this helmet.  Right?"

"I don't have a bike anymore," Tenchi reminded her, his voice 
mirroring his annoyance, "because you stuck those solar powered 
antigravity pods on it and now it's at the bottom of the lake.  And I 
nearly ended up there with it!"

"Yeah!" Ryoko said.  "My sweetums nearly drowned because you thought 
you could make his bike fly in the air like in that dumb "E.T." movie 
we watched." 

"Yes, that was an awful blunder, Miss Washuu," Ayeka agreed somberly.

"It wasn't a blunder!  It worked!" Washuu defended herself.

"Yeah, but you didn't tell me about it," Tenchi said.  "It was great 
fun to ride my bike and suddenly be above the treetops and then, when 
I used my brakes, to plunge right into the lake.  Not!"

"I've explained that.  You shouldn't have hit your brakes—-it shut off 
the anti-grav pods—-"

"You didn't tell me!" Tenchi retorted.  "Not until after I dragged 
myself out of the lake.  My bike's still there somewhere on the 
bottom, thanks to you."

"Oh...that's right."  Washuu now seemed to recall the incident fully.  
"Guess I should have told you first, huh?  Well, anyway, you don't 
have a bike now and this bike helmet was perfect for my invention—-"

"But what does it do, Washuu?"  Kiyone seemed as bemused as the others 
by the look of the former white high-impact plastic bicycle helmet, 
now painted black and covered with a fine gray wire mesh that sported 
assorted light diodes.  Its looks did not inspire confidence—-like 
many of Washuu's inventions.

"I told you.  It'll scan Ayeka's brain waves and detect when there's 
any unusual activity—-"

"Like thinking?" Ryoko asked.

Ayeka turned and glared at Ryoko.  The space pirate looked back at 
her with a smile.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi groaned.

"No, Ryoko, I mean when the normal brain wave pattern is interrupted 
or disturbed abnormally," Washuu told her.  "If I ever develop a 
Thinking Helmet, I'll keep you in mind."  In response, Ryoko just 
yawned and stared up at the ceiling with a bored expression.  "Anyway, 
this helmet will light up—-and also make a noise, yes, Mihoshi—-when 
there's abnormal brain wave activity.  So we'll know immediately when 
something is bothering the Princess's mind—-"

"But we already know when that happens," Mihoshi protested.  "Her face 
gets all red and her voice gets real shrill—-"

"It does not!" Ayeka snapped.  Sure enough, her face was flushed and 
her voice's timbre had risen markedly.    

Lord Yosho intervened.  "I think Professor Washuu is referring to 
actual intrusions into the Princess's mind, Detective."

"Oh," Mihoshi said.  "I see now!"

"Great!" Kiyone gritted.  "Keep it to yourself, will you?"

"Oh...okay, Kiyone."

"You know, if I could be allowed to finish a sentence around here—-" 
Washuu continued, with a bit of asperity.

"Who's stopping you?" Ryoko interrupted, affecting surprise.  "We're 
hanging on your every word.  Really we are."

"Speaking of hanging...!"  Washuu's voice seethed with aggravation.

"Washuu," Tenchi said.  "We heard what you claim this...helmet will do 
for Ayeka.  Can it really block Professor Klove's mind probes?"

"Well, it should.  Of course, I don't know what transmission medium 
he's using to send that probe.  But if it's just a brain-wave 
projection, the Mind Minder here will send out generic brain waves--
it'll work sort of like white noise works.  It'll neutralize the 
intruder."

Now Washuu issued an exaggerated sigh.  "Finally...I made my 
presentation.  I could have finished it about fifteen minutes earlier 
if it weren't for the peanut gallery."  She looked pointedly at Ryoko.  
Ryoko merely yawned again.

"The Mind Minder?"  Mihoshi giggled at the name.

"Yeah," Ryoko said boredly.  "Obviously, Washuu doesn't "mind" what 
she calls her crackpot inventions."

"Ha, ha, Ryoko," Washuu said sourly.

"I can see how it might help at night, Washuu," Sasami said, looking 
at the Mind Minder with frank curiosity.  "Ryoko can sleep, and it 
will wake her up---and the rest of us, too—-if that Professor Klove 
tries anything."

"Sure, if it works," Ryoko said dubiously.  "And if it doesn't fry the 
Princess's brain.  Hmmm...maybe it does have its good points, at 
that."

"Is it safe, Washuu?" Tenchi asked, ignoring Ryoko's side comment.

"Safe as houses," Washuu said.

"You mean like houses that float in the air?" Tris asked, recalling 
the day he arrived at chez Masaki.  He had been eyeing Washuu's new 
contraption with mixed feelings.  He felt glad he didn't have to wear 
it and felt sorry that the Princess would.

"Aw, cutie...you know what I mean."  Washuu grinned.

"If you are certain it has the potential to block Professor Klove's 
mind intrusions, Professor Washuu," Lord Yosho mused, "it might 
thwart him in his designs."

"Yeah, that's true, Grandfather," Tenchi agreed.  "But I wish you 
would have asked me first about the helmet, Washuu.  I might be able 
to afford to buy another bike someday."

"Aw, you ought to have a car, sweetums," Ryoko said.  "And not an old 
rust bucket like Tris's.  A new car!"

"Sure, Ryoko.  I'll just go outside to the money tree and pull down a 
few million yen," Tenchi said sarcastically.

"Tris's car is not a rust bucket!" Mihoshi said loyally.  "It's 
beautiful.  It does rumble, though."

"That rust bucket sure carried your weight, Ryoko," Kiyone pointed 
out.  "Remember?"

"Yeah, yeah...but it's older than Tenchi's Dad, even."

"It is not, Ryoko," Tenchi told her.  "Dad was born in 1954."  

"Oh yeah?" Ryoko laughed.  "Two old wheezers, huh?"

Now Washuu joined in.  "Nobie is not an old wheezer.  Take it from a 
gal who knows, Ryoko."

"Well, he may be your speed, Washuu," Ryoko said dismissively.  "But 
give me a new car and a hunky guy anytime...like Tenchi."  Ryoko 
smiled lovingly at him.

"I think we're getting slightly off the topic," Lord Yosho inserted 
himself amidst the banter.  "We were discussing Professor Washuu's 
invention and the Princess..."

"I don't think that hat thing will fit you, Ayeka," Mihoshi said 
helpfully.  "Tenchi's head is smaller than yours, and—-"

"Enough!"  Ayeka rose to her feet.  "You all seem to be laboring under 
the delusion that I shall consent to place that...that contraption on 
my head.  Allow me to enlighten you—-I shall not!"

"But, Ayeka—-" Washuu said.

"But me no buts!"(3)  Ayeka could not recall where she had heard that 
phrase before, but she felt it was perfect for the occasion.

"And uncle me no uncles," Tris muttered, amused.

"Huh?" Kiyone murmured.  

"Shakespeare," Tris explained tersely.

Kiyone frowned as she tried to recall the name.

"Somebody's really showing their "but" now-—know what I mean, 
Princess?" Ryoko said.

"I do not!  And I am not talking to you, Ryoko.  I am talking to Miss 
Washuu.  And I repeat—-I shall not wear that ghastly thing on my 
head!"  Ayeka was boiling.  "Of all the degrading spectacles...I 
absolutely refuse!"

"But big sister—-" Sasami said.

"Do not contradict me, Sasami," Ayeka snapped.  "The very idea!"

"The very idea is to give us immediate notification when that Klove 
tries to tap into your mind, Ayeka," Washuu told her.  "And it might 
very well block his moves.  It's not very stylish, I'll grant you 
that--"

"That is not the point...although "not very stylish" does not even 
begin to describe that--that piece of headgear," Ayeka flared.  
"There is no telling how well it will work.  And if it does block 
Professor Klove's attempts to enter my mind, what will we have really 
accomplished?  Tell me that."

"That's obvious, Ayeka," Washuu said.  "It stops him.  He doesn't 
attack you.  He doesn't attack us."

"Indeed?  And shall I have to wear that--that thing--all my life?"

"Well, you..."  Washuu stopped.  The Princess had a point there.

"If that device works, then I am compelled to wear it forever, or at 
least as long as Professor Klove lives--and he has keep himself alive 
quite a long time in that institution."  Ayeka lowered her voice, but 
it still had the same intensity.  "If I ever take that device off...he 
can, and likely will, attack me again.  No, thank you.  If he will 
attack me, let him attack me now, when we are all ready to oppose 
him."

Ayeka stood there, her arm folded, radiating firmness of purpose, a 
veritable Rock of Gibraltar, unmovable, steadfast...and a rather 
ticked off rock, as well.  The notion of wearing such a cobbled 
together piece of--well, headgear--hit the Princess where she lived.  
And she most definitely did not live in Funny Hat Lane.

Lord Yosho's expression was a mixture of admiration and contrition as 
he regarded Ayeka.  "Princess, I apologize most humbly.  We have done 
everything but ask you your opinion of all this.  Please forgive us."

"There is nothing to forgive, Lord Yosho," Ayeka told him.  She 
seemed not quite so defiant in manner now.  "I have made my position 
plain.  I am willing to listen to any counter-positions, of course."  
Now she sat down.

Tenchi frowned.  "Actually, Ayeka, I'm kind of coming over to your 
side on this question," he said.  "It's not enough to simply stop 
Klove, but to defeat him and render him harmless from now on.  Just 
blocking him will only stop him for the moment...unless, as you 
said, Ayeka, you're willing to wear my old bike helmet from now on."

"Hey, Princess, you might be passing up a good thing here," Ryoko 
said.  "You could start a whole new fashion trend.  Like, be a 
fashion leader instead of the fashion fossil you are now.  Make 
wearing goofy hats a real fashion statement!  You'll have all the 
women in the galaxy doing it.  Well, all your stuck-up friends, 
anyway."

"I am willing to listen to sensible counter-positions," Ayeka said, 
her face flushing.  "That does not qualify.  My friends are not stuck 
up.  And royal rainment is above silly fashion trends!"

"And it hides your figure, too," Ryoko grinned.  "Convenient."

"Ummm, Ryoko, we saw that figure in a bikini, remember?" Tris pointed 
out.  "Ayeka hasn't anything she needs to hide, if she'll forgive me 
for saying so."  

"I certainly do, and thank you, Tristram," Ayeka said.  "Although you 
should not waste your breath on certain persons."

Kiyone darted a look at Tris that told him he had ventured far enough 
on the subject of Ayeka's figure.  Then she looked thoughtful.  "The 
more I think about it, the more I believe Ayeka's right.  I wouldn't 
wear that thing—-no offense, Washuu—-for love or money.  If Ayeka does 
wear it, then Klove has won, in a way.  Besides, he needs to be taken 
down for all his filthy crimes,and taken down hard.  Not just stymied."

"It is an awfully silly looking hat, Washuu," Mihoshi said.

"I didn't make it for its looks!" Washuu retorted.

"That's for damned sure," Ryoko agreed.

"Everyone," Lord Yosho said quietly.  It sufficed to draw the 
group's attention.  "I think we can all agree that Princess Ayeka 
must make her own decision about Professor Washuu's invention.  She 
has given us her answer, and her answer is sound, of course.  Very 
well.  We will simply have to meet the threat of Professor Klove.  We 
don't know when or how he will strike, but he will surely strike 
Princess Ayeka first.  Thus, we must maintain the daily and nightly 
vigil, and—-"

"Lord Yosho," Washuu interrupted.  Her voice was just a tad contrite.  
"I understand where the Princess is coming from about blocking 
Klove's mind probes.  I agree with that now.  Let's get the fight 
with him over with.  I can modify the Mind Minder so that it only 
gives out an alarm when he tries to enter her mind.  Ayeka could wear 
it at night, so that Ryoko can get her forty winks, and we'll all be 
alerted in case of intrusion."  

Washuu was anxious not to have her invention scrapped.  It could 
serve a purpose, after all.  The great scientist felt as protective 
and nurturing about her inventions as a mother felt about her 
children.  It hurt her to hear them disparaged, although she did not 
show the extent of her feelings about it, of course...except to 
Nobuyuki now, when they were alone together.

"Again, Professor Washuu, that is entirely up to the Princess," Lord 
Yosho said firmly.

"What do you say, Ayeka?" Tenchi asked.

"Well..."  The idea of wearing that hideous thing on her head still 
galled Ayeka.  She looked at Washuu.  On the other hand, Washuu did 
labor hard no doubt to produce it, just to help her and the others.  
And if it were only at night...  "Oh, very well.  I shall wear your 
invention whilst I sleep, Miss Washuu, and thank you for your efforts 
on my behalf.  However, I have a condition."

"Huh?  What condition?" Washuu asked.

"My condition is that you sleep in the bedroom with the rest of us at 
night and that you make a better effort to show up at meals.  That is 
my condition, Miss Washuu."

The redheaded scientist frowned.  "But why, Ayeka?"

"Because I want all of us together during this crisis.  You spend 
entirely too much time away from us, Miss Washuu.  It sometimes seems 
as if you are a guest rather than one of the family.  I want that to 
cease, at least until we can defeat Professor Klove.  I do not believe 
it is asking too much for you to come to meals and to sleep in this 
house with us."  Ayeka looked at Washuu, her manner resolute, yet 
reflecting fondness as well. 

"Hmmm..."  Washuu mulled it over.  She did want Ayeka to use the Mind 
Minder.  Ryoko put on a brave front, but she was exhausted from no 
sleep at night and only patchy sleep during the day.  She hid it well, 
but Washuu could see the signs of incipient chronic fatigue.  Besides, 
the great scientist liked to eat with the gang, and be close to Nobie, 
too.  "Since some folks around here seem to think I'm some sort of 
mole, I guess it's time I left my burrow more often.  All right, 
Princess.  You drive a hard bargain, but I'm in."

"She drives a good bargain."  Tenchi smiled.  "I'm glad, Washuu."

"I am, as well," Lord Yosho said.  "I enjoy your company at meals, 
Professor Washuu.  We need to see you more often."

"Well, thank you, Grandpa!  That makes a girl feel all tingly 
inside."

Lord Yosho laughed.  The others joined in, including Ryoko.  That 
made a pleasant way to end a breakfast that had become another 
council of war.  As the group rose from the table, they were 
blissfully unaware of just how soon that war would engulf them.



At Galaxy Police Headquarters, Detective Sergeant Mitsuki Sakakibara 
had finally gotten the call she dreaded...the call from her fiancée, 
Lieutenant Kamin Zay're.  He had brusquely requested that she come to 
his office.  Having no reason to refuse, she complied.  But she did 
so with a heavy heart.  When she reached his office, Zay're waved her 
inside.  His manner was not especially cordial.

After ensuring his office door was firmly shut and latched, Lieutenant 
Zay're walked back to his desk module and sat down—-that is, he sat 
down after first examining his seat for possible contamination.  It 
was a characteristic gesture of his; he was a neatness freak as well 
as a control freak and very wary of possible contamination.  He was, 
after all, working in a huge Headquarters containing many different 
beings, some of whom surely were unclean.  Watching him, Mitsuki 
reflected that this was not a particularly attractive trait in her 
fiancée.  It made him look rather prissy.

Lieutenant Zay're regarded his fiancée, standing in front of his desk.  
His expression was carefully neutral.  He did not ask her to sit down 
as well, although a chair was parked alongside his desk.  This was 
also characteristic of Zay're; when he was about to impart bad news, 
he needed the formalistic setting to buoy his own fortitude.  Mitsuki 
stiffened.  She knew she should prepare for the worse.

"Dear," he said quietly, "you know my original plans.  I planned to 
make the Galaxy Police my life's work.  It is not my original 
preference, but my parents and others close to me felt that the GP 
would provide an opportunity for advantage, both in terms of 
advancement and influence."

"I know," Mitsuki said, just as quietly.  Certainly, Kamin did not 
join the GP out of a feeling of duty or responsibility.  His family 
was very politically prominent in the Galactic Union, and they were 
aligned with other powerful, influential families.  The clique they 
had formed was capable of exerting influence in nearly every corner 
of the Union, aside from the planet Jurai.  No one had influence there 
aside from the irascible King and his inner blood-tied court.  Of 
course, the Juraian royals didn't concern themselves with the day-to-
day administration of the Union...and that was where cliques like 
Zay're's could amass great power and influence.  Accordingly, it was 
essential that everyone in the families involved was best placed 
to extend that influence.  Zay're was the clique's point man in the GP 
and his mission was to rise rapidly and use his influence to help his 
own.  That was a normal arrangement for many families in the Union.  
It did not shock or dismay Mitsuki; it was just one of the reality 
lessons she had learned upon taking a post at Headquarters.  That was 
why she had been thrilled to be engaged to Kamin.  With his family's 
influence, he seemed a natural for high office in the GP and she could 
attach herself to his rising star.

"It was a good plan, dear, and it would have worked to both our 
advantages.  But the plan depends on my attaining high rank...no less 
than Field Marshall, eventually.  I'm sorry to say that the prospects 
for that now look bleak."

"Really?"  Mitsuki was surprised.  With all the powerful forces behind 
her fiancée, she thought his rise to the top was all but assured.  
"Why do you think that, Kamin?"

Zay're sighed.  "That bumbling Katzaar!  His stupid comment, his 
unwanted toadying before the Grand Marshall, put him in a terrible 
light, as you know.  Evidently, it has also reflected on me.  I 
detected that the Grand Marshall was not kindly disposed toward me 
during our meeting with him.  Now my sources tell me that he 
definitely does not look favorably on me.  Damn that Katzaar, anyway!  
He's pulled me down with him, it seems."

Mitsuki remained silent.  She was aware of the Grand Marshall's 
displeasure toward Kamin Zay're.  She was also aware of the true 
reason--Kamin failed to back up his subordinate at that meeting.  
That was an unpardonable sin to old-line managers like the Grand 
Marshall.  It had taken Chief Bodai to support Katzaar before the 
Grand Marshall.  It was so like Kamin not to realize this.  Mitsuki 
recalled suddenly that while at the Galaxy Police Academy she had 
been taught by Chief Bodai to support her people whenever possible.  
She had forgotten about that teaching.  Kamin had never learned it.  

Kamin was staring at her, his face showing irritation.  "Really, 
Mitsuki...you could say something, offer some condolences.  You have 
been so quiet lately.  You could have said something in Bodai's 
office when we were discussing that Makibi woman.  It's on your 
account that Katzaar and I got the goods on her and that worthless 
partner of hers.  But you just stood there, trying to distance 
yourself from us."

"I wasn't trying to do that, Kamin," Mitsuki denied the charge.

"Oh?  Then what would you call it?"

"Since I had a partisan interest in Kiyone's dismissal, I thought I 
should just let the facts speak for themselves," Mitsuki explained.  
That explanation sounded lame, even to her.

"I see."  Kamin Zay're's voice was frosty.  He knew he was being lied 
to.  He was beginning to suspect something now.  Mitsuki had been too 
diffident, too neutral about their efforts to drum Kiyone and Mihoshi 
out of the GP.  After all, it was on her behalf that the effort was 
being made; both he and Katzaar had bigger fish to fry, really.  
Zay're was now contemplating the possibility that, perhaps, Mitsuki 
wasn't as innocent concerning the Slaakive misidentification case as 
she claimed.  Perhaps, she was even...well, it didn't matter now.  In 
a way, all of this was a relief to him.  It would make what he 
planned to say to her easier.

"Let's move on, Mitsuki.  My sources also tell me that the Grand 
Marshall plans to promote Bodai, possibly into a Field Marshall slot.  
That would mean instant promotion to that grade, as you know."  Kamin 
had a wily idea that a rumor now circulating that the current 
personnel chief was only lacking logistics experience to be a front-
runner to replace the embattled Grand Marshall had something to do 
with Bodai's sudden rise in fortunes.  Zay're was a seasoned 
campaigner in the political wars already.  He knew when to attack--
and when to retreat. 

"I didn't hear that."  Mitsuki showed a bit of animation now.  
Although Chief Bodai had made it clear he didn't believe her about 
the Slaakive mis-identification business (and he damned well had good 
reason not to!), she still had some affection for him.  After all, he 
was only doing the right thing by Kiyone...and he would do the same 
for Mitsuki if she were in similar circumstances.  Chief Bodai had 
been a dear old thing at the Academy and one of her and Kiyone's 
strongest supporters.  Now his regard for her was destroyed and it 
was all her fault.  

"Well, you don't have my sources, Mitsuki," Kamin said complacently.  
"You need to build your network.  I've told you that, many times.  
I'll pass a few names on to you...when I leave."

Although she had been expecting to hear something like that, Mitsuki 
still felt a wrench in the pit of her stomach.  "When you...leave?"

"Yes.  Chief Bodai definitely has no affection for me--none 
whatsoever.  With the Grand Marshall not happy with me and Chief Bodai 
on the ascendancy, my chances for promotion are about nil.  Even if 
the Grand Marshall is ousted, someone like Chief Bodai will likely 
replace him.  At any rate, Bodai will always be there to queer my 
chances for promotion.  It's hopeless.  I've talked it over with 
certain people and the plan now is for me to take a long leave, then 
tender my resignation and enter politics on my home planet.  It's not 
my first choice, but I'll likely accomplish more as a politician than 
as a policeman."

There was no doubt of that, Mitsuki thought dully.  Kamin was already 
talking like a politician.  Of course, it made perfect sense.  Power 
and influence were Zay're's goals, not professional satisfaction.  If 
he was thwarted in one career, he'd simply change careers.  And, of 
course, that meant...but, no.  At the very least, Kamin would have to 
tell it to her face.  She would not just take a hint and bow out 
gracefully.  She would not give him that satisfaction.

"All right, I see why you feel you need to leave the GP.  But where 
does that leave us?" she asked flatly.  

Lieutenant Zay're gazed at her, and his irritation was evident.  No, 
there wasn't much fondness left in him for her.  There had never been 
love, of course.

"I should have thought that was obvious, Mitsuki, but since you 
persist in acting obtuse..."  He controlled himself with a visible 
effort.  "Very well.  If I am to run for political office on Ouum, I 
must have the support of the public.  I cannot put myself at a 
disadvantage with them.  Frankly, having an alien--I mean, foreign--
spouse might turn some voters off.  At the very least—-please do not 
take this personally, Mitsuki—-you would not be an asset on the 
campaign trail.  It's not your fault, of course; but that is not the 
point.  I simply cannot resign my commission here and jeopardize my 
chances with a local election due to a possibly controversial spouse.  
I think you can understand that."

"Yes," Mitsuki all but whispered.  "I can understand that."  Her face 
was downcast.  She fought hard, but tears filled her eyes regardless.  
It was a body blow, even if she had expected it.  It was the end of 
her hopes for a quick initiation to the inner circles of power and 
influence.  It was also the end of her hope for instant respectability 
and the protection of Zay're's powerful family should Chief Bodai or 
someone else keep pursuing the Slaakive case re-investigation.  She 
was now truly cut off and on her own.  She had no real friends here at 
Headquarters...and now she had no fiancée.

"You'll have to tell me more directly than that," Mitsuki said, 
unable to restrain a sob.  She fought and fought for control.  The 
tears trickled down her cheeks.  "I want you to tell me, Kamin!"

Zay're regarded Mitsuki with contempt.  He should have known this 
alien woman would have hysterics.  It seemed only women from his 
planet and from Jurai knew how to maintain their decorum in the face 
of adversity.  Of course it was a blow for Mitsuki, but she had to see 
how impossible their engagement was now.  He had to get her out of his 
office—-as well as out of his life--so he could attend to other 
matters, such as requesting leave.  So he shrugged and gave his now 
former fiancée what she seemed to want so badly—-the axe, delivered 
hard and sharp.

"Since you insist...our engagement is off, Mitsuki, effective now.  I 
shall see that the announcement of our...disengagement...is sent to 
the proper media.  You need do nothing.  I would prefer that you 
return the ring I gave you, but that is not necessary if you feel 
compelled to keep it."

Mitsuki had indeed gotten what she asked for--and each of Zay're's 
cold, remorseless words hit her like fists.  Again, her eyes teared.  
She cursed fouly to hide her grief.  She forced the plain platinum 
ring off her finger and tossed it on Zay're's desk module top.  As a 
defiant gesture, it was pitiful.

"There!  I'm certain that makes you happy.  No cost at all to you.  
You can give it to your next fiancée—-if you can find one of her six 
fingers that it'll fit!"

Zay're blanched at Mitsuki's angry and pejorative reference to that 
particular trait of the inhabitants of his planet—-the six-fingered 
hands.  It was racism, pure and simple, something that Mitsuki would 
never before have allowed herself to indulge in—-it was career death 
in the GP.  But she was now so upset and angry, she had dropped her 
proper and poised façade.

"Well...!  Now the truth come out, Mitsuki!"  Zay're spoke with real 
anger now.  Like all the inhabitants of his planet, he was sensitive 
to that physical quirk of nature that affected them all.  "I should 
turn you in for that remark.  But, in view of out past relationship, 
I won't."  

Lieutenant Zay're punched a touchpad on his desk console.  His office 
door slid open.  "Leave now, while I still feel generous.  I will, no 
doubt, have my leave approved quickly and I should be gone in a few 
duty days.  During that period, please make an effort to stay out of 
my sight, Sergeant.  If I do see you again, I will take steps to 
ensure that you regret it."

Mitsuki desperately wanted to leave.  But she found herself demanding 
tearfully, "What—-What do you mean?"  It was an unwise question, as 
she immediately found out. 

"I mean that you now strike me as someone who could very well have 
forged a certain document.  If I wish, I could use my influence to 
support that re-investigation by Chief Bodai.  However, I have 
nothing but disdain for the likes of Detectives Makibi and Kuramitsu, 
just as I have only disdain for you now.  Keep out of my sight and I 
shall do nothing against you.  That is fair warning.  Now leave."

Mitsuki left, stumbling a bit, and trying, unsuccessfully, to compose 
herself.  The door of Lieutenant Zay're's office swooshed shut behind 
her.  It was destined to be the last time she would see her former 
fiancée.

Slowly, Mitsuki walked down the long corridor toward her own office.  
She tried to stiffen her back, to hold her head up, to at least 
affect the physical appearance of self-confidence and inner pride.  
But that was one sham Mitsuki could not pull off.  She quivered with 
anger and sorrow and guilt as she walked back to her office.

Other GP officers also walking down the corridor looked at her, but 
none offered any words of comfort or even asked her what was wrong.  
Of course not.  Those would be the actions of a good friend.  Mere 
political allies and acquaintances don't merit such consideration.  
Such were the fruits of Mitsuki's ruthless and cynical careerism.

Yet, the Galaxy Police Sergeant who finally reached her office, went 
in, shut the door, and then cried and cried was neither ruthless nor 
cynical.  She was a hurt and scared young woman who needed a friend.

It was the height of irony that one pair of eyes observing her walk 
so sorrowfully down that corridor actually showed some sympathy.  
Those eyes belonged to Sergeant Youri Katzaar.   



After breakfast and all the discussions had ended at the Masaki home, 
everyone, by silent acclamation, elected to resume their normal daily 
routine.  They would not let Professor Klove disrupt their lives any 
more than necessary.

Thus, Tenchi and Tris (who had first changed his tea-soaked pants) 
scooted outside to take up their neglected outdoor chores.  There was 
still more grass to mow and not all the stone-flagged walkways were 
trimmed by any means.  Yet, once with their tools in hand, the two 
young men paused to talk together.   

"Hey, I'm sorry your trip with Kiyone and Mihoshi wasn't as great as 
it should have been, Tris," Tenchi said, leaning on the lawn mower.  
"That planet Vestra sounds like a real dump."

"Well, I'm probably being way too negative," Tris admitted, rising 
from the stone walkway he had been desultorily examining for 
delinquent growth.  "I mean, God, I entered outer space, left the 
solar system, traveled to a new star system, saw an immense space 
station, actually spent an evening on a different planet, looked at 
real space aliens—-" here, he grinned ironically.  "Actually, in that 
case, I was the space alien, I guess."

"You were," Tenchi agreed.  "Earth seems pretty wild and woolly to 
the folks out there in the Galactic Union.  I was mobbed by their 
media after we took down Kagato.  Of course, partially it was due to 
me being a Juraian prince and my grandfather being the real long-lost 
Lord Yosho.  But a lot of the interest was also about our so-called 
primitive planet with its tribal warfare and savage passions and all 
that crud.  Tris, I'm telling you...they think we walk around with our 
knuckles dragging the ground."

"Yeah, I got that impression," Tris said.

"I mean, we do, technologically speaking.  But I really don't think 
they're so much advanced in other ways.  I didn't like their food 
that much and I really didn't care for the video entertainment they 
have.  It's mostly what we would call sitcoms and soap operas and 
shows where they talk and talk and talk...no action, hardly.  Ryoko's 
told me that's why she loves our TV--lots of action and sex!"  Tenchi 
grinned.

"Yeah, I saw an example of their TV on that starship Kiyone and 
Mihoshi call Yogami," Tris said.  "It was about blobs being blobs, 
or something."

Tenchi nodded.  "Yeah that sounds like prime-time programming in the 
Galactic Union.  But, then again, Jurai is awesome—-just wildly 
beautiful, with an amazing integration of tree and human and 
mechanical processes.  It's almost indescribable.  You have to see it 
first hand."

"So Ayeka and her people are a bunch of tree-huggers, huh?"  Tris 
laughed.

Tenchi laughed, too.  "That's for sure.  But I wouldn't say that 
around her, Tris."

"Don't worry.  I don't want that lady mad at me again."  Tris then 
hesitated.  "Hey, Tenchi, it ain't my business, I know that.  But your 
Dad and Washuu..."

Tenchi grunted.  "Oh, I don't blame you for asking.  The fact is, I 
finally cornered Dad last night.  He told me that he and Washuu are 
just very good friends.  There's nothing serious between them."  
Tenchi shrugged.  "I can believe that, I guess.  But I know they've 
been necking and petting.  God, I can't believe I'm talking this way 
about my own father!" 

Tris nodded with commiseration. 

"He has a right to be happy.  He's been without any companionship for 
a long time.  All he's done is work and work and try to raise me.  
After the girls came, he got a little...frisky, I guess.  But he 
calmed down.  We were all too hard on him about that, really.  I've 
told him I won't mind if he re-marries."  Tenchi gave the lawn mower 
a small, frustrated push.  "But Washuu!  Man, Tris, I don't know..."

"I don't either," Tris said.  "Washuu is a great gal, and she's saved 
your bacon a number of times, or so you've told me.  She sure got the 
goods on that Professor Klove!  But as a—-well, as a lady friend to 
your father, maybe as even a step-mother--"

Tenchi shuddered.  "Don't even say that, Tris.  I really like Washuu, 
and we owe a lot to her.  But she's just...well, strange!  She just 
doesn't operate at the same level as we do.  She's way up there, 
somewhere, in the ether." 

"Cloud cuckoo-land," Tris said, remembering his Aristophanes.(4) 

"That's it.  No one my Dad would marry would replace my mother, of 
course...that's understood.  But I just can't picture myself coming 
home for Christmas and being with Grandfather and Dad—-and Washuu!"

"Yeah, that's not exactly what I'd think of as home for the 
holidays," Tris agreed.

"Well, it's Dad's life.  If this is a casual flirtation, so be it.  If 
it develops into anything more..."  Tenchi grimaced.  "I'll just have 
to suck it up, that's all.  I'd put up with a lot worse than Washuu to 
see Dad happy.  Besides, I really do like her, as I said."

Tris smiled fondly at his friend.  "Spoken like a true son-of-a-gun," 
he said.  

Tenchi arched his eyebrows.  "You're the son of a gun!  Making our 
Kiyone fall for you!  Getting Mihoshi all hot and bothered!  Getting 
those two to risk their careers to take you on that trip!  What an 
operator!"

"Hey, I didn't ask for any of that," Tris protested.  "But..."  He set 
the garden shears down and struck an exaggerated muscleman pose.  "If 
you've got it...you've got it."

Tenchi said, "Oh, yeah?"  He began to push the lawn mower vigorously, 
moving faster and faster--toward Tris.

"Hey...what are you doing?"  Tris began to back away.

"I think you need a trim," Tenchi told him.

"I think it's time to exit, stage left."  Tris began to run.  Tenchi 
ran after him, pushing the lawn mower.  They both laughed as they ran.

"Hey, slow down, Richard Gere!" Tenchi shouted.  "It'll only hurt for 
a moment!"

"Can't!  Gotta go meet Julia Roberts at Spago!" Tris shouted back.

They roamed all over the lawn in front of the lake.  As they did, they 
were observed by Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.  Sasami had gone outdoors to ask 
Tris to drive her to the village to pick up supplies for the pizza 
party—-she wanted to ride in his cool car with the top down this time.  
Ryo-Ohki was simply following the being who gave her carrots most 
often.  Next to her mistress, Ryoko, Ryo-Ohki loved Sasami best.

"Golly, Ryo-Ohki," Sasami commented.  "Is this how they do their 
chores?"

"Meow-er," Ryo-Ohki responded neutrally.  Sensing that the market for 
carrots was rather bearish, the cabbit wandered off.

"They sure have more fun than the girls do," Sasami mused.  Inside the 
house, Ryoko had floated up to the rafters to take her daytime nap, 
which infuriated Ayeka, but she knew that Ryoko had that nap coming.  
So Ayeka instead had scolded at Mihoshi for taking a quick snooze on 
the couch.  Mihoshi had started crying and Kiyone had to come 
downstairs and calm Mihoshi down and then take her back upstairs to 
get started on their own chores.  Sasami shook her head.  It was so 
nice and peaceful outdoors.  The boys had it made, really.

"Oh no!"  True to form, Tris had tripped and fallen, just beside the 
front gate, right in front of Azaka II and Kamidake II.  The two 
Guardians blinked with concern and asked Tris if he were all right.  
Tris slowly rose from the turf, helped by Tenchi, who laughed and 
brushed him off.  Golly, those two boys were good friends!  Sasami 
smiled tenderly.  She loved them both.  She wished she were older.  
Much older. 

"Tris?  Tenchi?" she called to them.

Tenchi finished brushing grass and dirt off Tris.  He was still 
chuckling.  Tris grinned in spite of himself.

"You knew I'd fall, you bum," Tris accused.

"I knew I could count on you," Tenchi agreed.

"Perhaps you should not run, Tristram Coffin, sir," Azaka II offered 
helpfully.  "The practice does not seem to agree with you."

"It is a shame you cannot fly, sir," Kamidake II added.  "We would be 
happy to transport you where you need to go, if the Princess gave us 
leave to do so."

"Thanks for the offer," Tris muttered.  Tenchi chuckled again.

"Tenchi?  Tris?"

Now the two young men heard the childish voice.  They both spotted 
Sasami.  Obligingly, they walked up to her.  Tenchi left the lawn 
mower with the two Guardians, who were now debating the merits of the 
primitive gardening device.  The yard work would have to wait.



The housework would not have to wait, however--if Kiyone had anything 
to say about it.

"Mihoshi, that dust mop isn't going to mop by itself.  Stop leaning 
on it, and start moping.  I'd like to get this floor waxed sometime 
this century."

The blonde galactic police officer blinked sleepily.  She had been 
standing in the middle of Lord Yosho's sparse bedroom, dozing and 
leaning on her dust mop...guilty on all counts.  "Huh?  Oh, I'm sorry, 
Kiyone.  It's hard to start working when you didn't get your nap, you 
know?" 

The two of them were again attired in their hand-made short-shorts and 
work shirts.  Mihoshi, like Kiyone, was barefoot.  It helped when 
working on the bare wooden floors. 

Kiyone felt the old anger bubble in her.  She wanted to shake Mihoshi 
fully awake and get her working.  But a softness welled within her.  
That irritated her further.  Being in love sure messed up your 
insides, she had discovered--and blunted your impulses.  She didn't 
want to mop, either.  She wanted to find Tris and make the goof say 
those three little words to her...well, not make him say them, of 
course, just kind of inspire him to say them, if he truly felt them.  
Tris loved to see her in the brief short-shorts.  Yeah, she could use 
that to her advantage...Kiyone shook her head angrily.  Damn it!  She 
was getting as bad as Ryoko and Ayeka!

"Nap?  You slept all night and all we've done today is eat breakfast 
and talk.  How can you be sleepy?  You know, if there were any 
justice, you'd be fat from just eating and sleeping like you do.  Then 
you might be motivated to do some work."

"Fat?"  Mihoshi was fully awake now.  She looked upset.  "Am I fat, 
Kiyone?  My clothes still fit okay."  She turned to the plush pooch 
she had placed on Lord Yosho's bed.  "Am I fat, Trissy?"

"Stop talking to that stuffed toy!"  Kiyone gritted her teeth...by 
rights, she shouldn't have any teeth left after spending so much time 
with Mihoshi.  If her teal hair started graying any time soon, she'd 
know whom to blame. 

"I'm sorry, Kiyone.  I'm just playing."

"Stop playing and start working!"

"Okay."

The two young women were bent to their task when a figure appeared in 
the doorway.  They both straightened.  It was Washuu.  The great 
scientist looked at Kiyone with an odd smile on her face.

"Kiyone," she said softly...well, softly for Washuu.  "You have a 
call."

"A call?"  Kiyone glanced at her right wrist.  Her GP alert bracelet 
was silent.  She was certain it was operational.

"No, I don't mean that.  You have a personal call.  It came in on the 
comm console in my lab."

"A personal call?  Who is it?"  

"Do you know a fellow named Murati Makibi?"  Washuu grinned.  Behind 
Kiyone, Mihoshi beamed with joy.

"He's...He's my brother."  Kiyone felt stunned. 

"Yeah, that's what he said.  Well?  Do you want to take the call?"

"I...I..." Kiyone stuttered, so taken aback was she.  "I do--of 
course, I do!  Murati...calling me..."  She shook her head in 
wonderment.

"He's waiting," Washuu prompted.

"Right!"  Kiyone dropped the dust mop and let it clatter to the 
wooden floor.  "Let's go!"  She moved quickly toward the doorway.  
Washuu moved aside so Kiyone could exit.  Washuu followed her out the 
doorwas, after giving a "thumbs up" gesture to Mihoshi.

Alone now in Lord Yosho's bedroom, Mihoshi cried with happiness.  
"Oh, Daddy...Mezim...thank you!"



"Think we can find the ingredients we need, Tris?" Sasami asked.  
She, Tris, and Tenchi were now standing beside Tris's Mustang.

"I don't know," he said, scrutinizing Sasami's shopping list.  "I 
think one of the food shops in the village carries foreign food 
items."  Tris looked at Tenchi.  Tenchi took the list that Sasami had 
made out from him.

"One of them does...it's the place I worked at to get the money to buy 
my stereo."  Tenchi grimaced as he recalled his stereo's blown 
speakers, courtesy of Beah and Viatrix.  "We should be able to find 
acceptable substitutes, anyway.  And we have an account there, too."

"Wait a minute," Tris objected.  "I suggested the pizza party.  It's 
on my tab."

"Like heck it is.  The family's paying for this, Tris.  That's final!"

Tris looked at Tenchi.  His friend had his dander up, a little.  
Tenchi hated the fact that Tris had spent so much money already.  He 
was supposed to be a guest.  "Okay...but what about the wine?"    

"Wine?" Tenchi asked.

"Wine?" Sasami asked, too.

"Aw, stop whining."  Tris laughed.  He jumped away from Tenchi.  "You 
gotta be faster than that, buddy.  Kiyone would already have poked me 
good.  You're too slow."

"I can work on it," Tenchi told him.  "Maybe Kiyone can give me a few 
pointers."

"Tris, what do you mean about wine?" Sasami wanted to know.

"Well, if we're going to do pizza, we ought to do it right.  Tea is 
perfect for nearly all occasions, but pizza is best with wine.  Well, 
I actually prefer beer, but I can't see your big sister swigging down 
the suds...can you?"

Sasami giggled.  "No, I can't.  Ayeka thinks sake is dignified, since 
it's used in so many ceremonies here(5).  But beer!  I'd like to see 
her face if you tried to serve that to her!"

"I wouldn't," Tenchi said, grinning.  "She's seen too much TV where 
low characters drink beer.  That's why we men don't drink it around 
her.  She'd hit the roof!"

"And hit me too, I'll bet!"  Tris shook his head.  "I have enough 
women using me for a punching bag, thank you.  But wine is tres 
elegant.  All the stuffed shirts drink it.  Not that I mean your big 
sister is a stuffed shirt, Sasami."

"I know."  Sasami smiled.

"And sake is really just rice wine, anyway," Tenchi mused.  "Grape 
wine...that's actually a good idea, bonehead.  It's something new for 
us.  Why not?"

"Yes, that sounds very nice, but..."  Sasami looked down.  "Do you 
think I could have some, too, at the party?"

Tenchi and Tris both regarded the little girl, so formally attired in 
her robed gown, so poised and composed, yet so young.  Sometimes they 
just forgot that Sasami was a child—-she was so responsible and mature 
in so many ways.

"In France and Italy, they water the wine a little and serve it to 
youngsters," Tris said.  "I've seen it."

"I'll talk to Ayeka," Tenchi told Sasami.  "I'm sure she'll let you 
drink a little wine."

Sasami looked up now and her eyes were bright.  "That's so neat!  
Thank you, Tenchi."

"So that's settled.  And I'm buying the wine," Tris said.

"Okay, okay, big spender!"  Tenchi gave in.  "Speaking of big 
spending, you know that imported wine, like any imported liquor, is 
taxed pretty high, Tris.  Sometimes as much as ten times as high as 
for a local brand.  I don't like it, but that's the way it is right 
now.  Also, sometimes so-called domestic wine really is mostly 
imported wine.  Dad told me that once.  So we're better off getting 
the domestic wine.  It's probably partially imported anyway."

"Yeah, I think I read about that in the "Stars And Stripes" once," 
Tris said.  "Your domestic wine producers used to even put French 
and German language labels on local wines to make them seem imported.  
Naughty, naughty!"    

"Hey, I think it was wrong, too(6).  Anyway, that convenience store 
in the village sells all sorts of liquor.  We'll find a decent 
domestic wine."(7)   

"I don't understand all that taxation stuff," Sasami admitted.  "Why 
don't you just sell things and let people decide if they like them or 
not?  If they like what's made here as well as what you call imported, 
they'll buy it, won't they?"

Tenchi and Tris looked at each other.  The last thing either wanted 
to do was to discuss tariffs and trade agreements, mainly because 
those topics really didn't make much sense to them, either.  "I know 
things here aren't like on Jurai or in the Galactic Union, Sasami," 
Tenchi said.  "It won't get in the way of our pizza party, though."

"All right, Tenchi," Sasami said.  The little Princess knew when to 
drop a subject.  

"Speaking of which, let's get going and buy the supplies," Tris said.  
"All three of us are going, right?"

"Oh...will you come with us, Tenchi?" Sasami asked, visibly pleased at 
the prospect.

"I sure will."  Tenchi grinned.  "It sounds like fun.  Besides, I need 
to keep an eye on Tris here.  No telling what he'll buy otherwise!"

"Thanks loads," Tris said.

"No need to thank me," Tenchi replied.  "Let's put the lawn gear away 
and go!"



In Washuu's sub-dimensional lab, Kiyone sat at the same rickety chair 
and spoke into the same cobbled-together comm console that Mihoshi 
had used the day before.  The comm console, like the rest of the lab, 
wasn't any neater or cleaner, but Kiyone didn't mind.  The sound of 
her older brother's voice, issuing from a call he had himself placed, 
was of immense importance to her.  It was so wonderful to be talking 
to him again!

Kiyone at least thought Murati had initiated the call.  Murati Makibi 
was keeping his promise to Mezim Kuramitsu and didn't mention the 
latter's very recent call to him.

"Well, Kiki, it's nice to hear your voice," Murati said, his own 
voice sounding affectionate.  He was calling his kid sister by the 
pet name he had devised for her when they were children.  He hadn't 
used it for a long time.  Hearing it made Kiyone feel warm and toasty 
inside.

"It's...it's wonderful to hear your voice, too, Murati," Kiyone 
replied.  She noted that Washuu had left the lab.  She was pretty 
thoughtful for a mad scientist.  

"I guess it has been a long time since we talked last," Murati said, 
his voice now sounding contrite.  "Too long.  It's my fault, Kiki.  
I'm sorry."

Kiyone pictured her brother in her mind...tall, wasp-waisted, with 
ascetic features, his hair a darker shade of teal from hers, his eyes 
gray and thoughtful, his expression always somewhat stern looking, 
like her father and mother.  But Murati had played with her a lot when 
they were children.  Kiyone had been a tomboy and had wanted to play 
with the big boys and Murati had let her do so much of the time.  A 
lot of the girls her own age resented this and often were unfriendly 
to her.  Also her parents thought it was undignified for her to try to 
outdo the boys in their games.  They would punish her and Murati would 
come to her room later and just talk to her about trivial things.  It 
was his way of telling her he didn't think she had done anything 
wrong.  She had loved him so much back then.

But eventually, her parents had influenced him into a more serious 
mien.  At their instigation, Murati had taken the hardest entrance 
exams, attended the top University on Skeenix, and then entered civil 
service with the Galactic Union.  Suddenly he wasn't there anymore for 
her.  Kiyone had then shocked her parents—-and her brother--by 
announcing she would attend the Galaxy Police Academy.  Somehow, by 
working part-time jobs, borrowing from friends, and budgeting in 
Draconian ways, Kiyone had put herself through the Academy.  She had 
been aware of both her parents and her brother's disapproval and that 
had hurt, although it had not stopped her, of course.  She was going 
to show them, to have a brilliant career with the GP, to match and 
exceed her brother in advancement.  And then she had drawn Mihoshi as 
a partner and her career stalled.  She had spoken to her parents and 
her brother, who had become a rising bureaucratic star, very seldom 
during that time.  They had broken contact with her entirely during 
the Kagato affray, but had relented when she was later not only 
cleared of all charges of treason, but actually promoted.  Then came 
the Slaakive disaster, the demotion...and her family had all but 
disowned her.

"It's my fault too, Murati.  I could have called you.  I...just 
didn't."

"I don't blame you, Kiki!  I've been thinking things over and talking 
to Siatria, my fiancée.  You remember her from school, don't you?"  

"Uh-huh," Kiyone said without enthusiasm.  Siatria had been one of the 
popular girls at school, one of those who wouldn't give Kiyone the 
time of day back then.

"I see you do remember her!"  Murati's voice had a knowing chuckle.  
"Would it surprise you to know that Siatria thinks she was horrid to 
you back then and regrets it now?"

"She--She does?"  Kiyone was astonished.  She thought girls like 
Siatria never regretted what they did.  Such girls were perfect—-
perfectly posed, perfectly beautiful, and perfectly correct in all 
they did.

"She does.  In fact she really chewed me out for not contacting you 
more often.  We both know about the reasons for your demotion, Kiki.  
We also know you're being put under a microscope by the GP now.  
That's damned unfair!  You're innocent of those charges and a good 
officer on top of that.  I'm madder than hell about it."

"Are you, Murati?"

"I am!  I'm also sorry that I haven't made that very clear, Kiki.  
You're the best!  I've always thought so, and I think so even more 
now.  You've put up with that abuse so bravely.  I'm proud of you, 
Kiki."  

Her elder brother's passionate defense of her was balm—-golden balm--
for Kiyone.  He didn't despise her or think her a failure, she 
realized.  He loved her and supported her.  It was just awkward for 
him to tell her because of the silence between them had endured for 
so long.  Her heart warmed with love for him.  He had broken the 
silence between them...her only brother, her Murati.

"Thank you, Murati," Kiyone said softly.  "You don't know how much 
that means to me to hear you say that.  I thought, after talking to 
Mom and Dad..."

"Oh, forget them.  They just can't get out of the ruts they've dug 
themselves into.  You didn't follow in their footsteps and that's why 
they resent you a little, I think.  You know, working for the Union 
and meeting all sorts of people...well, I've gotten a lot better 
perspective on things.  I've certainly gotten a better perspective on 
the Galaxy Police.  It's a fine service and it's a profession to be 
proud of."

"I've always thought so.  Of course, it's a profession I may not have 
much longer," Kiyone told him pensively.

"I know, Kiki," Murati's voice issuing from the console was quietly 
commiserative.  "It sure won't be your fault if that happens.  If it 
does, don't even think about going home to Mom and Dad.  You come and 
stay with Siatria and me.  There's lots of good jobs in the Union for 
a capable and intelligent person like you.  You'll reach your goals, 
one way or another...count on it."

Kiyone felt warm happiness now seep into that cold and dark area 
inside her that the impending doom of her career had created.  It was 
the one thing she needed...hope and an alternative if the worse 
happened.  Her brother would stand beside her in adversity.  It was 
so much nicer than standing alone, she now knew.  She thought about 
Tris.  He would stand beside her, too.  And so would Tenchi, and Lord 
Yosho, and Ayeka, and all the rest of them.  And even Mihoshi, who 
would face anything with her.  She wasn't alone and she wasn't 
hopeless or helpless.  In fact, she was poised to live a wonderful 
life with family and friends, and to achieve everything she desired.

Kiyone now experienced the final epiphany, sitting on that creaking 
old chair in Washuu's gloomy sub-dimensional lab.  She would never be 
quite the same again.  Her real life could begin now.

"I will count on it, Murati," she told him.  "I won't give up my 
career without a fight, and I won't grieve my life away if I lose 
it.  I thank you for your offer.  It means so much to me.  But I may 
stay on Earth, for a little while, anyway.  I...I have a reason."

"Oh?"

"Yes.  It's...well, it's a boy.  I might as well tell you, Murati--
he's an Earthling."

"Really?" Murati said.  His voice sounded intrigued.  "You know, I 
once thought all those Earthlings lived in caves or something.  But I 
did some research and Earth doesn't seem such a bad place.  No 
interstellar travel capabilities, of course, but sometimes I wonder 
if that's such a handicap.  Trying to keep the Galactic Union 
together is a headache, believe me!"

"I believe you!"  Kiyone chuckled.  "Just try to police it sometime!"  
She realized that, in his own subtle way, her brother had told her he 
didn't mind her falling in love with an Earthling.  She was pleased.  
She wanted Murati to like Tris, or at least give him a chance.  Now 
she knew he would.

"No way.  I'll leave that to courageous people, like you, Kiki."  Her 
brother paused a moment.  "I think I better let you go now.  My comm 
console is blinking like crazy...probably more petty problems from 
petty people.  You don't have it so bad, you know!  Anyway, you're 
coming to our wedding.  We'll set the date and let you know.  I'll 
call again real soon, Kiki."

"I'll call you, too.  We'll keep in touch.  And I'd love to attend 
your wedding, if I can bring a girlfriend and maybe a fella."  Kiyone 
smiled as she thought of bringing Mihoshi and dragging Tris to a 
wedding.

"Bring them!  The more, the merrier.  And we will keep in touch, Kiki.  
I mean that.  Gotta go.  Goodbye.  Out."

"Goodbye, Murati.  Out."

The comm console's lights blinked off as her brother broke the 
connection.

Kiyone stared at the makeshift comm console a little while.  Then she 
had a good, happy cry.  After that, she wiped her eyes and stood up.  
She had things to do now.  Lots of things.  Life was full of things 
to do...and people to do them with.

As Kiyone walked back through the sub-dimensional portal, she didn't 
realize then that the one thing she really had to do was to stay 
alive the next few hours.  It was one task that would prove all but 
impossible.


_____________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

1.  Yes, that's all from the classic intrigue-and-romance film, 
"Casablanca."  Tris is no Bogart, but that's showbiz.

2.  Here Ryoko is echoing some classic dialogue from the Clint 
Eastwood rogue cop classic "Dirty Harry."  If you noticed this, 
you're about as hopeless an old-movie addict as Tris, I'm afraid.

3  Specifically, it's from Shakespeare's "Hamlet."  When it comes to 
pontification, the Princess does sometimes resemble Polonius.

4.  Aristophanes was a playwright in ancient Greece who wrote a 
number of very funny plays, one of which was "The Birds," which 
introduced Cloud Cuckoo-Land.  In addition, he also wrote a play 
called "Lysistrata," in which the women of Athens end a war against 
the Spartans—-by denying their husbands sex until peace is declared!  

5.  Indeed it is.  For example, during Shinto wedding ceremonies, 
both the bride and groom share a sake cup and sip from it three times 
to consecrate their marriage vows.  On New Year's Day, families drink 
from special lacquered cups and toast each other.  Many special 
celebrations feature the kagamiwari, a ceremony where a barrel of sake 
is opened with woodem mallets.  

6.  Despite Japan's vow to the European Union to equalize its taxation 
of imported wine and spirits, the cost for imported alcoholic 
beverages there is still immense compared to the domestic variety.  
Protectionism is still very much alive and well in the land of Nippon.  
Folks living there who don't have access to a State Department or U.S. 
armed forces exchange service pay through the nose for a real French 
burgundy or a Czech Pilsner. 

7.  Tenchi is right, of course.  Japan has over 200 wineries, the top 
three being Mercian, Suntory, and Sapporo.  Wine made from only 
domestic grapes, known as kokunaisan, is often equal to imported 
wines.  It is also considerably less expensive.

