

TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER ONE
No Need For Spring Break
________________________


Spring had bloomed beautifully in Japan.  In fact, thanks to 
unseasonably high temperatures, spring had busted out all over.  Even 
that bellweather of the Nippon summer, the semi, or cicada, had left 
its burrow early to add its insect song to the season.

The sun gently warmed bared arms and legs, chasing away the chilled 
shadows of winter.  Sakura (cherry tree blossoms) bloomed early, their 
delicate scent adding to the riot of awakened fauna and floral life in 
the island nation.  Yes, it was spring, glorious spring everywhere in 
Japan, including the region of Chugoku, Prefecture of Okayama.  And 
spring, of course, is when a young man's fancy lightly turns to--

"Yow!"

"Shrewd move, grandson."

--trying to avoid having his head cracked open by his grandfather.

Tenchi Masaki, AKA Lord Tenchi of the Jurai royal family (estranged) 
and his venerable grandfather, Katsuhito, AKA Lord Yosho of the Jurai 
royal family (also estranged) and priest of the Shinto temple known 
locally as the Masaki Shrine, now slowly parted from practice combat.

Tenchi, wiry and slender, with dark, extraordinarily even features, 
brilliant brown eyes, and coal black hair, was dressed in a white 
ghee closed with a purple belt.  His grandfather was taller, slim but 
not thin, with a flowing mustache tinged with gray, and frameless 
spectacles perched on his nose.  As always, he was clad in the simple 
but elegant white kimono of a Shinto priest.  He also wore hakamas, 
the pleated trousers often worn with a kimono.  His feet, sheathed in 
white tabi socks, were shod in traditional setta sandals.

Both grandfather and grandson held the long, thin wooden staves they 
used for the ultimate form of physical chess, Shintaido Bojutsu, or 
the Japanese art of stave-fighting (and head-fracturing).  It was a 
useful substitute for sword practice and a part of the overall 
Bushido, "The Way of the Warrior," Tenchi's continuing training in 
the five warrior requirements: fidelity, politeness, virility, 
truthfulness, and simplicity.  At the moment, Tenchi was being very 
truthful to his grandfather.

"Grandfather--you nearly cracked my skull!"

"You show improvement, grandson.  The last time I executed that move, 
I did rather make contact with your head."

Tenchi ran a hand over the left side of his head, wincing at the 
memory.  "I remember!"

Grandfather and grandson smiled fondly as they stood facing each 
other.

"I think we can end today's lesson, Tenchi," Yosho said.

"Thanks, Grandfather."

Tenchi bowed to his grandfather, who returned the bow.

They both lowered their staves.  Tenchi panted slightly; his 
grandfather not at all.

"Grandson, you're a bit out of form.  The lack of daily practice 
shows."

"You know I can't practice at college, Grandfather.  The weekends and 
holidays here are the only time I have."

"I know, Tenchi.  You shouldn't lose your edge, however."

"Yes, Grandfather."  Tenchi moved to place his stave on the nearby 
rack.  His grandfather did likewise.  

The two were practicing the martial art in a low outbuilding just 
adjacent to the imposing temple structure itself.  In the past, such 
practice was conducted outdoors.  However, holding practice in the 
improvised dojo near the temple added a bit of piety to the practice 
sessions and it allowed those sessions to take place even in severely 
inclement weather.  Besides, the climb up the many stone steps to the 
temple from the house helped in developing one's wind...important if 
one's pupil spent most of his time sitting in a classroom.

Tenchi was now nineteen years old.  In a year, he would be one of 
those honored at the annual Coming of Age holiday in Japan.  Yet, in 
a very real sense, he had already come of age.  He had graduated from 
the local high school a year past and was about to enter his second 
year at Okayama University, Tsushima Campus, located in Okayama City 
(specifically, Tsushima-Naka), the capital of Okayama Prefecture, 
some distance from his rural home.  Due to that distance (his father 
worked in the city and it was a real misery for him to tsukin 
(commute) daily to and from his architectural firm there), Tenchi had 
gained permission to lodge in a dormitory at the University during the 
weekdays.

However, to keep peace in the Masaki family—-especially with certain 
female members of his extended family—-Tenchi traveled back to rural 
Okayama to spend every weekend and holiday at home.  Thus, his 
comment was accurate as to his time and opportunity to brush up on 
his Bushido.  Classes and study consumed nearly all of his time on 
campus.

"But now you're home for Spring Break, Tenchi...nearly a whole month.  
Plenty of time to hone your skills sharp again."

"Yeah, Grandfather.  I really look forward to that."  Tenchi winced 
slightly at the thought of Grandfather's training regimen, but kept 
his voice even.  "You know, Grandfather, after we defeated 
Kagato...well, I had kind of thought I was pretty proficient."

"You were adequate, grandson.  You met the challenge.  However, you 
must always keep practicing.  That is the only way to stay proficient 
and to improve."

"I understand."  Tenchi glanced at his Seiko to check the time, 
knowing his grandfather never wore a timepiece.  "I supposed I'd 
better get down to the house.  Tris is due pretty soon."

"Yes," his grandfather said with a chuckle.  "The game is about to 
commence."

"Aw, Grandfather..."

Tenchi walked out the door of the outbuilding/dojo.  His grandfather 
followed.  

"I know it's all a bit elaborate.  But Tris is my roommate and my 
friend.  He's all alone here, you know, and I couldn't go off on 
Spring Break without having him over for at least a couple of days.  
Even if we all have to put up sort of a false front to do it.  I felt 
rotten enough not inviting him home for Christmas.  He ended up 
spending it with friends in Tokyo.  I got the impression he felt like 
a fifth wheel there.  Not to invite him to visit during another 
holiday—-I just couldn't, Grandfather."

"I understand, Tenchi...and I agree."

"You really do, Grandfather?"  Tenchi looked quickly at Lord Yosho, 
then looked down as both began to descend the lengthy flight of stone 
steps, down to where their house seemed to reflect the soft glow from 
the gleaming lake.  It seemed so peaceful...so deceptively 
peaceful...

"Certainly.  Your father and I know how hard it has been on you, 
Tenchi.  Due to...circumstances...you haven't been able to enjoy the 
close friendship of other young men and you've had to spend a great 
deal of time here at home.  We're both glad and grateful that you 
finally have a close friend.  It's important to you, we know."

"Even if he's my American college roommate?"  Tenchi stopped 
descending the steps to ascertain his grandfather's reaction.  His 
grandfather stopped, too.

"Yes...even so."  His grandfather smiled ever so slightly.  "If we 
can accommodate six women from distant planets, I believe we can 
accommodate an American for a few days!  After all, we do virtually 
the same thing when your Grandfather Hideo and Grandmother Itari 
visit."

Yosho referred to Tenchi's grandparents on his father's side.  The 
elderly couple had retired to Hiroshima and paid flying visits to 
their son and grandson on a highly irregular basis.  The visits were 
short and, up to now, Tenchi's paternal grandparents were ignorant of 
the true origins of his female houseguests.  They did not approve of 
all those unmarried women living at the Masaki Shrine, however, which 
accounted for the brevity and infrequency of the visits.

"I'm glad you feel that way, Grandfather.  Dad works with Americans 
sometimes and he likes them.  I'm hoping you'll like Tris.  He's more 
than just my roommate.  He's really become a good friend...a buddy.  
I guess that sounds weird, but..."

"Not a bit, grandson.  After all, we've made rather a habit of 
befriending visitors from strange cultures," Yosho reminded his 
grandson.  "Remember, I was a stranger from a strange land when I 
arrived here, Tenchi.  I was accepted by open-hearted and open-minded 
people and I've never forgotten that."

Grandfather and grandson resumed walking down the stone steps leading 
from the temple to the valley below.

"I'm really relieved you feel like that, Grandfather.  Tris is kind 
of an offbeat guy, really funny and friendly.  I've never known 
anyone like him!  He has a wisecrack for everything...you'll see.  
Kind of clumsy, though.  Practically every time he walks out the door 
of our room, he bangs his elbow on the doorknob.  Says the same curse 
word each time too."  Tenchi grinned.

"You must hold him in high regard to notice such details about him," 
Yosho observed.

"We hit it off from the start, Grandfather.  I mean, there he was, an 
American surrounded by Japanese and a few other foreign students.  
He's the only American International Exchange student we have in our 
dorm.  He didn't let it get him down, even when some people snubbed 
him.  I admired that about him...and I sure understood about feeling 
isolated from people."

Lord Yosho smiled gently.  Yes, he could picture it.  Two young 
men...his grandson who had to keep to himself for many reasons, and an 
American who was detached from the other students living around him 
almost by cultural definition.  He could imagine the two of them, 
assigned to living quarters together, over time drawing together for 
companionship, a companionship that had evolved into a friendship.

"But didn't you say he spent many years living in Tokyo, grandson?"

"That's right.  His father was an American Air Force pilot and his 
mother was an Air Force officer, too.  They and Tris were stationed 
at that American air base--I think it's called Yokota--near Tokyo for 
eight years, starting when Tris was eight years old.  His parents 
encouraged him to learn Japanese and they lived off the base, so Tris 
became very fluent, even to the point of reading our language, and he 
got to observe and learn our culture pretty thoroughly.  You'll be 
surprised when you meet him, Grandfather."

"I look forward to it.  He sounds like an excellent candidate for an 
exchange program," Grandfather remarked approvingly.  "Our language 
is very difficult for gajin—-outsiders—-to learn.  I cannot imagine an 
American without a similar background being able to profitably attend 
our University."

"It's all kind of sad, though, how he came here," Tenchi said, his 
voice quieter.  "His parents-—he was real close to them--were killed 
in an accident back in America a year ago.  Some rotten stuff happened 
between him and his relatives at the funeral and later.  I think he 
really volunteered for the exchange program to escape...all those bad 
memories."

Lord Yosho nodded his graying head slowly.  "Then it is our duty to 
make your friend feel at home while he's here...if that is at all 
possible.  I take it you briefed our young ladies again this morning 
on their responsibilities?"

Tenchi nodded.  "Right after breakfast.  Both Ayeka and Kiyone are 
very levelheaded.  I know they will be discrete and play along.  Of 
course, poor Kiyone is still so bummed at being demoted and stationed 
back here that she doesn't show much interest in anything.  That was 
a while ago, and she's still hasn't snapped out if it, Grandfather."

"Yes.  That is unfortunate.  Perhaps a visitor will prove a welcome 
change for her, if only for a short time."  Tenchi did not notice his 
grandfather's rather enigmatic smile.

"I hope so too, Grandfather.  Sasami and Mihoshi are both pretty 
excited at meeting a real American after watching all that American 
TV, thanks to Washuu.  Sasami won't do anything to make Tris 
suspicious, but Mihoshi...well..."  Tenchi shook his head.

His grandfather chuckled.  "Our young Detective First Class does show 
rare self-poise from time to time.  She also enjoys playing games.  We 
will have to count on that."

"Yes, I guess so, Grandfather.  Then there's Ryoko..."

"Yes?"

"Well, she's sort of agreed not to upset things while Tris is here.  
But she's not happy about him coming here even for a few days.  She 
made that clear.  And how!"

They had reached the bottom of the steps.

"Ryoko resents anything that takes your time away from her, Tenchi," 
Lord Yosho told him gently.  "In her mind, she finally has you home 
for a long while, and the first thing you do is bring in a rival for 
your time.  I'm afraid Princess Ayeka feels the same way, although 
she is too well mannered to openly admit it."

"I guessed that too, grandfather.  But I should be able to have a 
buddy over without having to worry about him being toasted by those 
two!"  Tenchi sounded aggravated.

"Yes, you should."  Yosho changed the subject.  "What about 
Ryo-Ohki?"

That made his grandson laugh, as Lord Yosho knew it would.

"Well, Ryoko promised to keep Ryo-Ohki away from Tris as much as 
possible.  If Tris does see Ryo-Ohki, I guess I'll just have to say 
something about special hybrids.  I'm not too worried about that...as 
long as Ryo-Ohki doesn't transform into Ryoko's pirate cruiser in 
front of him!"  Tenchi laughed again.  "You know, Grandfather, it 
would almost be worth it to see the expression on that wise guy's 
face!"

Yosho smiled.  "Undoubtedly.  Incidentally, your father moved one of 
the extra futons to your bedroom before he left for the office this 
morning.  I trust your friend will not find it too uncomfortable."

"After sleeping on those dorm beds?"  Tenchi shook his head.  "You 
know, Grandfather, he'll probably think it's like being back at the 
University--complete with co-eds!"



Meanwhile, the "co-eds" had gathered at the low chabudi dining table 
in the Masaki dining room...all except Washuu.  The great scientist 
was, once again, holed up in her sub-dimensional laboratory, working 
on some experiment that hopefully wouldn't blow hell off its hinges.

Little Sasami had made some of her ambrosial tea.  That was fortunate.  
The good tea was helping to improve somewhat a collection of mainly 
bad humors.

"Okay," said Ryoko, setting down her teacup.  The platinum-haired 
space pirate was not in the best of moods.  "So the chump has to come 
and we have to put up with him for a few days.  What's the good 
news?"

"He's new," Sasami replied.

"He's an American!" Mihoshi added, her voice happy with anticipation.

"I'm still waiting for the good news," Ryoko said.

"He's here only for a few days," Kiyone muttered.  "Thank God!"  

"Thanks, Kiyone," Ryoko told her.  "I see you feel the same way I 
do."

"Aw, Tenchi's stupid roommate is coming.  So what?"  Kiyone 
shrugged.  The one-time Detective Sergeant, now merely a Detective 
First Class again, sat moodily staring into her teacup.  Her pretty, 
sharp-featured face was dull.  "He's got to be some loser.  Can't cut 
it where he belongs so he comes over to this country.  Tenchi likes 
him because Tenchi's a big-hearted guy.  He probably feels sorry for 
this loser.  Tenchi would be nice to a stray dog...you all know that."

"Kiyone!" Mihoshi objected.

"You know it's true, Mihoshi.  Just drop it."

Mihoshi subsided.  But her face mirrored her disquiet.  

"Well..."  Princess Ayeka now weighed in, using that formal tone of 
voice that made Ryoko grit her teeth just to hear.  "You may be 
correct in your assessment, Kiyone.  I would not be surprised.  But 
he is Lord Tenchi's friend nevertheless, and we promised to make him 
welcome."

"I didn't," Ryoko told her.  "I just promised not to blast him."

"You promised to help make his stay comfortable and calm, just like 
the rest of us," Ayeka insisted, locking eyes with Ryoko.

"What do I look like--a hotel porter?"

"I will not tell you what you look like, Ryoko.  You promised, and 
that is that."

"All right, all right, I'll keep my promise.  Sheesh!"  Ryoko took a 
sip of tea.  "These next few days will seem like years, I'll bet.  
You know, Princess, you're just as ticked as I am at having this 
chump barge in on us--you just won't admit it."

Ayeka spoke with cold formality.  "I admit that I am not pleased with 
Lord Tenchi spending time with this person during the first long 
interval he has had at home since he began attending that University.  
But I am thinking of Lord Tenchi, as you should, Ryoko."

"I am thinking of Tenchi--that's why I'm ticked off!"  Ryoko grimaced.

"I wish you'd give him a chance, Ryoko," Sasami said, a bit somberly.  
The little Princess rose to gather the tea things.  "He could be very 
nice, you know."

"That's right," chimed in Mihoshi.  "American men are handsome and 
rich and they drive neat cars."

"That's just TV, Mihoshi."  Kiyone sounded bored.  "Most American men 
are overweight and drive cars because they're too lazy to walk.  
Ryoko, just cool it for a few days.  He'll be gone then and everything 
will be back to normal."  

"It had better," Ryoko muttered.  



Some miles away, the subject of discussion, Tristram Xavier Coffin, 
was driving through the small village of Mabi-Bisei, close to the 
Masaki shrine.(1)  He was peering at road signs through his 
sunglasses and alternatively summoning up Tenchi's detailed verbal 
directions in his mind.  So far, both matched.

Thus, he was unmindful of the curious stares he was garnering from 
the village's inhabitants.  Even if he had been aware of the stares, 
he was well used to attracting curiosity from the Japanese, 
especially outside the major metropolitan areas.

It was understandable.  The vision of a young American male 
(Amerika-jin) in a battered A-2 goatskin flight jacket and Ray Ban 
pilot's sunglasses was an unusual sight even in downtown Tokyo, much 
less rural Okayama.  The jacket, sporting a painted insignia of a 
fighter squadron in back, had been his father's, as had the 
sunglasses...and the car as well.

It was the car Tris drove that no doubt attracted the most attention.  
In a land of Toyotas and Hondas, any domestic American car would have 
stood out.  And Tris's car was as American domestic as they came...a 
gloriously restored 1969 Ford Mustang GT convertible, with the 351W 
V-8 engine, four on the floor, and Candy Apple Red paint.  The white 
canvas convertible top was down, allowing the breeze to ruffle Tris' 
auburn hair.

Actually, the car represented one of the twenty-year-old's few actual 
successes in the last year.  His father's old wingman and drinking 
buddy, Colonel Guenter "Pinbag" Groves, was now a military attaché 
with the American embassy in Tokyo.  The Colonel had pulled strings 
with the Japanese immigration bureaucrats and had gained permission 
for Tris to ship his father's pride and joy into Japan (it was 
officially classified as an "antique").

Colonel Groves had been surprised and not overly pleased to see Tris 
back in Japan.  The old stick jockey knew about Tris's difficulties 
with his relatives following his parent's deaths and considered the 
young man's return to Japan as plain old running away.  Colonel Groves 
had made it clear that he felt Tris's father and mother would have 
wanted their son to stay in Boston and try to reconcile somehow with 
his three maternal aunts.  These aunts were, along with his uncles by 
marriage, the only family he had left.  But Tris was still Air Force 
in the Colonel's mind and he had helped his deceased buddy's son where 
he could.

That proved to be fortunate; the Okayama University Exchange Program, 
called EPOK, hadn't been very helpful at all.  The program's officials 
had even tried to stick him into the Foreign Student's dorm--Dweeb 
Manor, as it was known on campus--until they finally realized how well 
he could speak and (to some extent) read Japanese.  Since he had not 
been a Monbusho (Ministry of Education, Japan) scholarship case, but 
paid his own way, they had relented.  He had been assigned to 
Handayama Dormitory, where he had been roomed with Tenchi Masaki.  
They were both entered into the Faculty of Letters (humanities, 
behavioral science, history and culture, language and literature) 
so they shared many of the same classes.  They soon become fast 
friends.   

Having Dad's old Mustang was a real comfort, Tris thought, as he 
finally passed the last few houses comprising the village.  In a way, 
he knew, it was like retreating back into the womb...driving Dad's 
car, wearing his jacket—-even his sunglasses!--but Tris needed such 
comforts around him these days.  The death of his mother and father, 
so brutal and sudden, right in the middle of his first year at a 
university in America...it still ached, awfully.  A tractor-trailer 
driver had plowed into their rental car one foggy night and killed 
them.  Tris wanted to hate that driver, really needed to hate him, 
but could not.  The poor guy had been obliged to drive many hours 
without sufficient sleep to keep his rig payments up and feed his 
family--and he had died, too.  Two families blasted, and not a single 
goddamn good reason for it...

Tris shook his head.  Enough of that.  His roommate and now buddy, 
Tenchi Masaki, had invited him to his home for a few days  It was a 
really big deal to Tenchi, Tris had divined, and it was rather a big 
deal to Tris, too.  So, he told himself, put on the happy face, meet 
and greet everyone, and scope out those female houseguests Tenchi had 
told him about.  Family friends, Tenchi had called them.  Tenchi had 
also said they were not Japanese.  Interesting...

Suddenly, a cat (Tris thought it was a cat, at least) streaked in 
front of his car—-and stopped, right smack in front of him.  The 
animal seemed confused.

Tris immediately applied the brakes.  Dad had really restored the car 
well, and the disc-drum brakes bit deep.  He stopped, lurchingly, 
avoiding the small creature by inches.

The critter shook its head and slowly hopped away.  Tris stared at 
it, nonplussed.  What long, long ears you have, pussy cat!  Kind of 
like a rabbit's ears--and cotton ball tail.  What breed of cat was 
it, anyway?  Or was it a cat? 

Suddenly he heard hands clapping.  He looked around and saw a few of 
the older villagers politely applauding his action.  Tris politely 
bowed his head.  The villagers politely bowed back.  He grinned.  
Only one dimple showed in his grin, causing rather a lopsided look to 
the young American's visage.

No doubt about it...he loved Japan.



Tenchi and his grandfather had just about reached the house.  They 
stopped by the narrow gravel drive adjacent to the Masaki abode, 
right by the gate.  Azaka II and Kamidake II, the two large wooden 
cylinders standing at either side of the entrance to the gate, blinked 
welcomingly.  Princess Ayeka had instructed her Guardians not to utter 
a word while the new guest was around them.  Both were even now 
carrying out her instructions.

"I think I hear Tris's car now, Grandfather," Tenchi remarked.

"Indeed?  I've heard it for a few minutes now," his grandfather 
replied mildly.

"Grandfather!  You have ears as sharp as Ryo-Ohki's, I swear."  
Tenchi laughed.

"Not as prominent, though, I trust," Yosho parried, with good humor.

Tenchi was pleased.  His honorable and venerable grandfather was 
getting into the spirit of things.  One less to worry about...



Tris found the small access road from the main road that lead to the 
Masaki grounds.  Tenchi's directions had been excellent.

He piloted the Mustang slowly along that access road, his tires 
crunchingly proclaiming the change from macadam to gravel.  He took 
his time, trying to take everything in.

And there was a lot to take in.  First he spotted the Shinto temple 
with its tall arch-like Torii (Shinto gate) in front of the sprawl of 
stone steps leading up to the temple where Tenchi's grandfather 
maintained and officiated at, perched atop a hill.  It was a 
surprisingly large structure for such a rural area.  It was also 
beautifully designed.  Tris couldn't help but compare the airy and 
soaring Shinto temples to the spires and flying buttresses of the 
ancient cathedrals he had seen in Europe.  Both structures seemed 
designed to point the pious pilgrim toward heaven.  Speaking of 
soaring heights, Tris's legs ached as he saw the long, long flight of 
stone steps leading up the temple.  Well, he would just have to hump 
up those steps at least once to visit the temple.  It was the only 
polite thing to do, and politeness was primary and primal in the land 
of Nippon.

The lake glistened as he turned his eyes from the temple.  Tenchi had 
mentioned the lake...very nice...but there was a massive tree anchored 
right in the middle of it.  Tris tried to identify the tree's species, 
but could not; it somewhat resembled a raintree, but much bigger.  He 
would have to ask Tenchi about it.

Now the road--pretty much narrowed to a single lane--turned Tris and 
his car toward the Masaki house.  That was another noteworthy 
structure.  Surrrounded by a wooden fence, the multi-tiered house 
somehow managed to appear modern and functional, yet maintain the 
delicacy, simplicity, and dignity of Japanese architecture.  Tris 
noted the very traditional engawa, or wide veranda, that surrounded 
the house, an aspect of Japanese design that he particularly favored--
it was like having a porch/patio all around the house. Large windows 
with narrow moldings, wooden walls that appeared thin and delicate but 
were no doubt sturdy as iron, sharp edges that bespoke precision and 
purpose...Tenchi had said his father was a good architect.  Typical 
Japanese understatement.  Tris thought he was a great architect and 
resolved to tell Tenchi's father so at the first opportunity.

The entire compound, with the majestic temple, gleaming lake and 
delicately manicured grounds, the beautiful, inviting home--it was 
like a sanctuary, Tris thought, the sort of sanctuary folks spend a 
lifetime seeking.  No wonder Tenchi seemed happy to spend all his 
weekends and holidays here.

Then Tris spotted his buddy Tenchi and what had to be Tenchi's 
grandfather—-he could be no other—-standing by the fence's open gate.  
He drove up to them.



"My..." said Yosho quietly as he watching the young American drive 
up.  "That is certainly a beautiful automobile.  I believe the last 
time I saw such an automobile was decades ago, during a trip to 
Tokyo." 

"Yeah, it's a cool looking car, Grandfather," Tenchi affirmed.  "Tris 
and I have had some fun tooling around in it.  You know, Grandfather, 
it's great to have a car when you're in the city."

"I can well imagine, Tenchi."

Tris stopped the Mustang and applied the parking brake.  He opened 
the door, stepped out of the car (taking just a moment to stretch his 
six-foot frame that was cramped by being behind the wheel for hours), 
and slowly walked toward Tenchi and his grandfather.  He carried a 
gaily wrapped package.

Lord Yosho studied the young American as he approached: Tall, lanky, 
dark hair cropped close, wearing a black polo shirt and khaki jeans 
along with the battered old leather jacket, shod in oxblood loafers.  
Now that the young man had removed his sunglasses, Yosho could see 
that Tristram had friendly eyes, with tiny laugh crinkles at the 
corners of those eyes.  A good sign.  The elderly priest thought he 
had never seen anyone more American in appearance.

There was more...an aura around the young man.  Was it significant?  
Yosho wondered.

Tris was immediately impressed with Tenchi's grandfather.  The 
elderly gentleman, clad in the traditional Shinto priest's white 
kimono tucked into wide, pleated hakamas, stood ramrod straight.  
His mustache and frameless glasses lessened the acetic affect, 
however.  He wore his graying hair in the traditional manner with a 
long queue down his back.  Standing next to him, Tenchi was certainly 
still the Tenchi Tris knew, but, dressed in the robe-like ghee, Tenchi 
really did resemble his grandfather.  Tenchi, in fact, had a small 
queue of hair down his back as well (some clods called it a "rat 
tail").  Tris recalled that Tenchi was destined to replace his 
grandfather as the temple priest someday.

Tenchi's smile was broad and welcoming.  "Greetings, Tris!  Please 
allow me to introduce you to my honorable grandfather, Katsuhito."

Tris stopped and executed a perfect bow to Yosho.  "It is an honor to 
meet you, sir."

Yosho returned the bow.  Yes, this young American has lived a while 
in Japan, he thought.  "It is my pleasure to meet my grandson's good 
friend.  Welcome to our humble home."

Then Yosho held out his hand.  Surprised and pleased, Tris shook the 
elderly priest's hand, noting the great strength behind the hearty 
handclasp.  Shinto priests did not normally engage in akushu suru 
(shaking hands), but Tenchi's grandfather was making the gesture to 
make the young American feel both at home and welcome.  Tenchi beamed 
at both of them, clearly quite pleased himself.  Then he and Tris 
shook hands.

Tris offered the package to Lord Yosho.  "Thank you so much for 
inviting me to your wonderful home."  The package was the traditional 
gift that visitors brought their hosts in Japan.  Beneath the 
packaging was a fine collection of delicate Japanese teas.  At 
college, Tris had noticed that Tenchi was very traditional about 
tea...in that way, the Japanese rather resembled the British friends 
Tris made when he lived in England.

Lord Yosho accepted the package, smiling in acknowledgment.  Indeed, 
this young American did have some understanding of Japanese customs.

"You're pretty much right on time, Tris," Tenchi said, immediately 
lapsing into the complete informality he enjoyed with his American 
friend.  "Did you make good time?"

"Relatively good time, I guess.  The traffic was only bumper-to-
bumper, not dashboard-to-dashboard for once."

Tenchi laughed.  Behind him, he heard his grandfather chuckle.  Yes, 
everything was turning out all right, he thought gratefully.



That assessment was not shared by at least a few of the women inside 
the house.  Tris couldn't have known it, of course, but five pairs of 
beautiful alien female eyes were studying him from the spacious 
living room window.  Studying...and evaluating.

"See," said Mihoshi triumphantly.  "He's got a neat car, and he's 
tall and slim.  Not a bit overweight.  I'll bet he's rich, too.  I 
like him already."

"You like everyone already, Mihoshi," Kiyone told her.

"Well...what's wrong with that?"

Kiyone did not bother to reply.  She was peering at the American with 
interest--more interest than she had shown in anything for some time.  
"He does have a cool car, that's for sure.  I'll bet that's a real 
pilot's jacket he's wearing."  Kiyone, as a matter of course, had 
studied Earth's airborne military forces.  "United States Air Force, I 
think."

"He's in the Air Force?" Sasami asked, surprised.

"No...he wouldn't be going to college with Tenchi if he were," Kiyone 
explained.

"Well, he should have joined the Air Force," Ryoko opined.  "And left 
Tenchi alone."

"He looks like a nice boy, Ryoko," Sasami remonstrated.  As always, 
the very young Juraian Princess was prepared to like anyone and 
wanted everyone around her to get along.

"He looks like a wet noodle to me," Ryoko said.  "That nose!  What a 
honker!  And look at those big feet!  Bigger than Mihoshi's!"

"Hey!" Mihoshi protested.

"And those ears belong on a jug.  He's a tall drink of water.  Bet he 
bangs his head a lot."  (Ryoko was actually right on target there.)  
"Look at him smile...one dimple!  Wonder where he lost the other one!"  
Ryoko laughed.

Ayeka could keep silent no longer.  "That is not fair, Ryoko.  He is 
not a bad-looking boy.  He cannot help those other things about 
himself."

"I call 'em like I see 'em, Princess."  That was Ryoko's tag line.

Ayeka shook her head.  Ryoko had said nothing but the truth that time.  
Regardless of whom she hurt, the space pirate usually spoke her mind.  
It was an indulgence in bad manners that continually exasperated 
Ayeka.  "Well, please hold your tongue when you are around him, will 
you?  I will admit...he is certainly no Lord Tenchi."

"That's a news flash!" Ryoko said sardonically.

Kiyone moved from the window.  "Well, if we're all finished dissecting 
the poor guy, shouldn't we go outside and greet him?  Get it over 
with?"

"Exactly, Kiyone," Ayeka said.  "Let us proceed...and please watch 
what you say, Ryoko."

"I'll watch what I say, all right," Ryoko promised.  "I won't say 
anything!"



"Like I told you, Tris, we have some houseguests...friends of the 
family, really," Tenchi said carefully, as he, his grandfather, and 
Tris walked through the open gate and toward the house.

"Six women, didn't you say?"

"That's right."

"And they're not Japanese?"

"No.  They're just visiting.  Sort of like you are."

"Oh...okay," Tris said with equanimity.

"You see, Tristram," Yosho spoke up.  "We have many visitors to our 
humble home.  We rather like houseguests."

"That's great, sir.  But you should try putting up my Cousin John-John 
sometime.  Motels make his parents pay a damage deposit when they 
check in."

"Tristram," Yosho said.  "You needn't call me "sir.""

"Yes, sir.  I mean..."

Tenchi's grandfather chuckled.  "All right, Tristram.  "Sir" is fine 
if you're more comfortable with that."

"Thank you...sir."

The front door slid open.  Five young women stepped outside.  Tenchi, 
his grandfather, and Tris stopped.  Tris, in fact, stopped cold, 
causing Tenchi to bump into him.

Tenchi stifled a groan.  He had wanted the women to meet and greet 
Tris one at a time, in a casual setting, inside.  They were startling 
enough, one-on-one, but all of them at once...!

Tris didn't even feel the bump.  The sight of Tenchi's houseguests, 
even from that distance, transfixed him.  He had never before seen 
five more attractive--and more exotic-looking—-young women.  And he'd 
been places.

The first, taller than the rest, almost as tall as he, had a spiky 
mane of absolutely platinum-hued hair.  Not platinum blonde.  
Platinum.  In a tight-fitting, but ankle-length violet sheath dress, 
accentuated with lemon piping, she was stunning.  She was also not 
amused, judging from the look she gave Tris.  For some reason, the 
old American colonial motto, "Don't tread on me," popped in Tris's 
head.  Her eyes--they were golden--surveyed him without interest.  
She placed her hands on her hips and appeared bored.

Beside her stood an exquisite young woman whose long robes and 
formal, intricate hairstyle may well have pronounced her high-born 
Japanese, although her features were not Asian.  Her deep purple hair 
was sculptured rather helmet-like, with two extraordinarily long 
queues trailing down her back.  There seemed to be a jeweled band 
around her forehead, obscured by bangs of hair.  The robes she wore 
seemed actually more like a dress, a robed gown, actually, belted with 
a wide, satiny sash.  Her bearing was simply regal.  The look she gave 
Tris—-favored him with would be more precise-—was polite but not warm.  
Her ruby eyes were not exactly welcoming.  At least she smiled 
slightly, unlike the platinum-haired bombshell standing beside her.  

Tris had to lower his gaze a bit to view the next female in line and 
he couldn't help inwardly smiling a bit as he did.  She was a little
girl, clad in a robed gown secured with a wide sash, similar to that 
worn by the stately young woman.  She had a bit of jewelry--a small, 
iridescent, inverted triangle, bisected in the middle, made from some 
gemstone--on her forehead.  Even without those clues, it was clear 
that this little girl was the formal woman's younger sister.  She was 
cute and adorable in very long pigtails and a dusting of freckles 
around her upturned nose, and she smiled with genuine welcoming 
warmth at him.  Her hair was electric blue in coloration and her eyes 
a coral pink, an odd but endearing combination.  Tris returned her 
smile, knowing he already had at least one friend in the group.

The next in line, a tallish woman, smiled at him with the friendliest 
and most amenable demeanor he could remember ever seeing.  She was 
blonde, very blonde, and tanned, like a California beach girl, but 
Tris doubted she had ever been anywhere near Big Sur.  That smile was 
as warm as California sunshine, though.  She possessed a very pleasing 
shape, outfitted in a pink pullover and elaborately accented stone 
colored denims.  Her blue eyes were very wide and her expression was 
absolutely sweet and innocent.  Whereas the little girl was childishly 
adorable, this young lady was, well, womanly adorable. 

Tris's gaze then took in the last female...and stopped.

She was another shapely young woman.  She had long, dark teal hair 
that flowed past her shoulders and down to the small of her back.  He 
noted that she was wearing a short-sleeved khaki blouse and indigo 
blue jeans, real Levis 501s from the look of them.  She also affected 
a red headband.  She possessed the clearest and gravest blue eyes 
imaginable.  Tris found himself staring into her eyes.  They were 
violet blue eyes, unlike those of the blonde woman beside her.  One 
could get lost in those brilliant blue eyes...

Millions of words, rivers of ink, and forests of trees have been 
sacrificed in attempts to describe the look Tris and the teal-haired 
young woman shared at that moment.  Rather than add to the carnage, 
it is sufficient to record that "something clicked."  Then they both 
studiously avoided each other's eyes.   

Glancing again at the tanned blonde, Tris noted that (from what he 
could tell at that distance) she appeared to possess somewhat pointed 
ears—-not unattractively pointed, but pointed.  Odd.  Perhaps her 
ancestors hailed from Kentucky.

"So these are your houseguests?" Tris asked Tenchi.

"Ummm...yeah.  That's Ryoko with her hands on her hips.  Next is 
Ayeka, then Sasami, then Mihoshi, and finally Kiyone."

"Their names sound Japanese.  But they're not--boy, are they not!" 

"I guess our houseguests aren't what you expected, Tris," Tenchi 
temporized.  He hoped his friend was not too overwhelmed.  He had an 
empty feeling in the pit of his stomach that all of his planning was 
going for naught.

"No...they're really something!  Of course, the way a couple of them 
are looking at me, you'd think they were relatives of mine."

"They don't mean to be unfriendly.  They're just not used to you, 
Tris.  Yet."

"A couple of them look like they don't want to get used to me.  Say, 
Tenchi, I only see five women there.  Didn't you say there were six?"  
Tris asked innocently.

"Yeah.  The last is probably busy somewhere and--" Tenchi stopped.  
He went pale.

Yosho looked at Tenchi with concern.  "Tenchi...what's wrong?"

Tenchi looked miserable.  "Grandfather, I...I forgot to remind--"

He was interrupted by the Earth moving.

Trembling, actually.  Beneath their feet, the ground quivered, 
trembled, and shook; not enough to upset balances but enough to upset 
nerve endings.  A dull rumble rose from somewhere.  It sounded as if 
it were coming from the house.

"Earthquake?" Tris shouted worriedly.  Earthquakes were not unknown in 
Japan.  The tremors increased.

"No!" yelled Tenchi.  "No...please no!"  He wasn't referring to 
Tris's conjecture.  He knew what the cause of the disturbance was.

Easily maintaining his balance behind Tenchi and Tris, Lord Yosho 
just shook his head grimly.

Some distance away, the five women were swaying as the Earth quivered 
and quaked beneath their feet, too.  Exclamations—-and a few curses--
filled the air around them.  Like Tenchi, they also knew with 
certainty the cause of the extremely localized quake.

Then, as he struggled to maintain his balance, and succeeded—-just-—
Tris saw a light, a blinding white light that appeared to first seep, 
then pour out from the house's foundations.  The light increased in 
intensity—-he started to shield his eyes—-the rumbling reverberated 
around him, louder--

And then—-incredibly—-the house rose—-off its foundations--into the 
air—-

"Wha—-" Tris said.

"No!" Tenchi said.

"Unfortunate," said Yosho.

The house rose—-and rose—-at least six feet in the air.  Then it 
stopped.  Just stopped.  So did the rumbling.  But not before the 
platinum-haired female houseguest named Ryoko leapt into the air—-and 
stayed there—-hovering—-going into what looked like a defensive 
position—-now ten feet in the air—-and something long and black was 
whipping from the woman's posterior—-a tail--?

"Wha...wha..." Tris said.

"No!  Ryoko!" Tenchi said.

"Most unfortunate," said Yosho.

Not only that—-but two large wooden lawn ornaments suddenly lifted 
from the ground.  Lights blinked from tiny portholes in each.  They 
immediately flew to the formally attired young woman, Ayeka.  They 
hovered in the air around her.  And—-they seemed to be talking to 
her—-

"We'll protect you, Princess," said one.

"Count on us," said the other.

"That really will not be necessary," Ayeka said quietly, although it 
was clear that she was perturbed by the turn of events.

The two lawn ornaments blinked in response and flew back to their 
original locations by the gate.  They slowly settled back on the 
ground. 

Tris said—-nothing.  He was speechless.

Tenchi wasn't, though.  He yelled with anger and despair (and a 
dollop of self-recrimination, just for the record): "Washuu!"

His shout rent the now deathly still air.

All was quiet now.  Even the insects stopped chirping.  No one else 
spoke.  The women, aside from the floating Ryoko, looked at the three 
men with concern.  Ayeka was wringing her hands.  Mihoshi began to 
sniffle, just a little, as she released Kiyone from a panic-clutch.  
Sasami shook her pig-tailed head.

Tenchi groaned with frustration.  Another disaster!  He looked at 
Tris, more than a bit anxious to see how his college roommate was 
taking all this.  Tris seemed unmoved, surprisingly.

Then Tris spoke.

"Tenchi."  His voice was calm, almost conversational in tone.

"Um...yes, Tris?"

"Your house...it's floating in the air."

"That's right," Tenchi replied, unable to contradict his friend.

"Yeah."  Tris seemed to pause and collect his thoughts.  "Houses 
aren't supposed to float in the air, Tenchi," he added.

"Uh-huh.  That's true," Tenchi admitted.

Tris now directed his attention to Ryoko.

"One of your houseguests is floating in the air, too," he observed 
mildly.  "A few feet higher than your house, I believe."

"Yes, Tris."

"Houseguests don't normally do that, Tenchi.  Do they?"

"No, Tris," Tenchi agreed.

"Uh...why does she have a tail?" Tris queried.

Hovering above them all, the platinum-haired woman laughed.

"Let's talk about that later," Tenchi requested.

"Okay," Tris said agreeably.  His calmness was amazing to Tenchi.  
It fact, it seemed unnatural.  

Tris's eyes now took in the two wooden cylinders that were no longer 
hovering around the purple-haired young woman but were still blinking 
their small pilot lights.

"I think we'll just pass over..."  He paused.  "Well, no, we won't.  
Tenchi, two of your--lawn ornaments?--flew around another one of your 
house guests.  I distinctly heard them speak to her."

"Yes, Tris," Tenchi said, helplessly.

"Lawn ornaments shouldn't do that.  Of course, that's just my opinion.  
Boy, it's warm out here."  Tris's voice sounded odd suddenly.

"Tris...!"

Tenchi viewed Tris with alarm.  The American was swaying a bit and he 
had that glazed look, exactly the look he had when he was hit on the 
head with a baseball a month ago while rounding third base in that 
pickup game against Yogashi Dormitory.  That game had been called on 
account of concussion. 

The young American was indeed feeling a bit woozy.  Sensory overload.  
He stared at the ground.  It wasn't moving now, thank heavens, but it 
did seem to be beckoning to him.  Rather invitingly.

"Tenchi," he said, weakly.  "I--"  He swayed, more.

"Tris!  Pinch yourself!  Hard!"

Tris obliged.  "Ouch!"  He had pinched himself pretty hard.  He 
looked up again at the airborne house and the airborne houseguest.  
"Didn't work.  Everything's still floating."  But his voice was 
stronger.  And he stood still now.

Tenchi cast a relieved look at his grandfather.  Lord Yosho smiled at 
him.  The Shinto priest placed a hand on Tris's shoulder.  "Steady, 
young man.  This can all be explained."

"That Washuu!" Tenchi said, aggrieved.  "Washuu!" he yelled, our of 
pure, unadulterated, pent-up frustration.

"You rang?"  A cheerful female voice responded.  

Seemingly from beneath the house, a petite girl—-she didn't look that 
much older than the little girl in the robes—-with a shaggy mass of 
bright red hair appeared.  She wore a kind of banana-colored 
jumpsuit.  One of her cheeks was smudged with dirt.

"Hi, everybody.  Another triumph for super science!" she said, 
beaming, her sea green eyes merry.  Her voice was that of an adult.

Tris was taking this new personage in—-houseguest number six, no 
doubt--when suddenly, what appeared to be a small puppet version of 
her, labeled "A," jumped up from behind one of her shoulders.  Then 
another, its exact twin (except that it was labeled "B"), jumped up 
from the other shoulder.

Puppet A:  "Hooray for Washuu!  Greatest genius in the universe!  
Solver of all problems!"

Puppet B:  "Yes, Tenchi's father will now have no problem checking 
for damp beneath the floorboards—-thanks to the great Washuu!"

The two puppets darted out of sight.

The woman, Washuu, smiled modestly. 

Tris started to sway again.  Yosho held him firmly.  

"Hey..." Washuu said, noticing Tris for the first time.  "Who are 
you?  You aren't...you couldn't be..."

"Yes, Professor Washuu.  He is," Yosho responded before Tenchi could 
say it much more forcefully.

"I thought he was coming tomorrow."  Washuu looked aggrieved.

"You were wrong," Lord Yosho said simply.

"Hmmmm.  I guess I was."  Washuu appeared to ponder that development 
for a moment.  "Wait.  I can take care of this.  Just wait there, 
what's-your-name."

Tris found his voice.  "It's Tris."

"Whatever.  Don't go anywhere."  She walked quickly back toward the 
still hovering house.

"Yeah, that's right Tris," Ryoko called down mockingly from the air.  
"Don't worry.  The mean old mad scientist won't do anything more to 
scare you...will you, Washuu?"

"Can it, Ryoko," Washuu said over her shoulder.

"Professor Washuu," Yosho also called after her.  "I think you may 
lower the house now."

"Ohhh...right.  I'll take care of it right away."  She seemed to 
disappear as she approached the house.

Of course, Tris thought.  Why not?  He noticed the insects were 
chirping again.  Sure, go right ahead.  Act like everything's back to 
normal.  "You don't have to hold me up anymore, sir," he told Yosho.  
"I think I'll stay vertical now."

"Good."  Yosho released his hold on Tris.

Then the ground trembled briefly, and the light and the rumbling 
returned.  But, at least this time, the house went down, not up.  The 
structure settled back onto its foundations with a last rumble.  
Perfect four-point landing.

Tenchi groaned audibly.  He looked up at Ryoko, who had observed the 
proceedings from on high with undisguised merriment.

"Ryoko.  You can come down now."

"Is your friend going to faint again if I do?"

"He didn't faint.  Come down, please."

"I like it up here, Tenchi," Ryoko said sweetly.  Just from her tone, 
even Tris could tell the floating woman had quite a thing for his 
roommate.

"Please come down, Ryoko."

"All right, Tenchi.  Just for you."

Ryoko floated earthward.  She settled on the lawn.  Perfect two-point 
landing.

Suddenly, something small and furry bounded through the grass toward 
Ryoko.  It had a round fluff of a tail, long, fuzzy ears, and a 
feline (sort of) face.  "Me-ower!" it said.

Ryoko bent down and ruffled its ears.  "Bad Ryo-Ohki.  I told you to 
stay put...well, I guess it doesn't matter now."

Tris recognized the furry little critter.  He'd almost squashed it 
back in the village.  He decided he had better not mention that.

"That rabbit looks like a cat," he said, studying Ryo-Ohki.  "Or--that 
cat looks like a rabbit.  Which is it?"

"Yes."  Tenchi managed a small grin.  "Actually, we just call it a 
cabbit."

"Appropriate," Tris admitted.  "It belongs to that Ryoko woman, huh?"

"That's right.  Her name is Ryo-Ohki."

"It's a girl cabbit, huh?  Does she fly, too?" Tris joked.

"Actually..."  Tenchi paused.  "Let's talk about that later."

"Right-o."  Tris was agreeable.  He was still a bit overwhelmed, 
truth to tell.

"Goofball," Ryoko cooed to Ryo-Ohki.  She petted the cabbit with 
affection.  "He's such a goofball.  Isn't he?"  She obviously was not 
referring to Tenchi.

The cabbit took in Tris.  "Me-ower," she replied, not unfriendily, 
blinking bright eyes at the new being.  Perhaps she recalled how good 
Tris's car's brakes had been.

"Oh, Ryo-Ohki!" Ryoko protested.  "Don't you fall for him!"

Tenchi smiled, glancing at Tris.  Then he looked in Ayeka's direction.  
She caught his look.

"I apologize, Lord Tenchi," she said.  "My Guardians are programmed 
to respond automatically to danger, as you know."

"It's not your fault, Ayeka."

Ryoko rose from petting her cabbit and folded her arms across her 
chest.  "Who's fault is it, then?  Mine?"

"No, of course not, Ryoko.  It's mine.  I forgot to remind Washuu 
this morning.  I just...forgot about her."  Tenchi looked bemused.

Ryoko, mollified, bent down again to resume ruffling Ryo-Ohki's long, 
furry ears.  The cabbit quivered with delight.

"Easy to do, Tenchi," Kiyone offered.  "She spends so much time in 
that lab of hers.  I forget about her myself."

"She doesn't even eat her meals with us," Sasami added.  "Most of the 
time."

"Or even sleep in the house with us," Mihoshi agreed.  She smiled a 
little dolefully at Tris.  He looked so confused.  She felt bad for 
him.  She felt bad for Tenchi, too.  He looked so sad.

"Tris, I'm really--really--sorry about all this," Tenchi said.

"Why?  It's not your fault...unless you're going to start flying 
around, too."

"No."  Tenchi had to smile.  "Not me."

Behind the two young men, Lord Yosho cleared his throat.  "Perhaps we 
should conduct further introductions and explanations..." 

He stopped.

Washuu had reappeared again, carrying a small metallic-looking box.  
She walked up to Tris, opened the box, and reached in.  She withdrew a 
small wafer that glowed eerily.

"Here, you," she said.  "Put this on your forehead."

Tris back-pedaled from her.  "And...why would I do that?"

Washuu looked a bit exasperated.  "Never mind.  Just put it on your 
forehead."

"Wait a minute, Washuu," Tenchi interceded.  "What's that going to do 
to him?"

"You really want me to say--in front of him?"

"Yes, I do," Tenchi said firmly.

"Well..."  Then Washuu smiled and said lightly, "It'll just wipe his 
memory clean.  That's all.  Won't hurt a bit."

"Huh?" Tris exclaimed.  "What?"

"Are you hard of hearing?  I said--"

"He heard what you said, Washuu," Tenchi said.  "How much of his 
memory are you planning to...wipe out?"

"Ohhh, just the past day or so.  Can't narrow it down any more than 
that.  There's no pain, like I said.  No big deal."

"No big deal?" Tris responded incredulously.

"Listen, are you going to repeat everything I say—-?"

"Forget it, Washuu," Tenchi interrupted.

"What?"

Tris couldn't resist.  "He said, forget it.  Are you hard of hearing?"

Washuu gave him a quick look of grudging respect.  Then she returned 
to Tenchi.  "But, Tenchi--he knows.  At least, he knows too much!"

"So...he knows."

Washuu stared at Tenchi, her expression puzzled.

Ryoko stopped petting Ryo-Ohki.  She now rose into the air and zipped 
down to the small group.  She hovered above them.

"Tenchi, make him put that thing on his head.  You can't let him know 
about us."

"Why not?"

"It's dangerous!"

"Why, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"Well, it's obvious!  He's an outsider.  He's not one of us.  He'll 
tell--he'll ruin everything!" Ryoko insisted.

Tenchi turned to Tris.  "Will you tell?"

"I'm no fink," Tris said.  "Ask any kid at recess.  Besides, I don't 
care for the tailoring of the strait-jackets they make these days."

Tenchi turned to Ryoko and Washuu.  "There you go."

"Good for you, grandson," Yosho murmured behind him.

Washuu looked at Tenchi, then at his grandfather.  She shrugged.  
"Okay.  I can see where this is going.  See ya."

She turned and walked back to the house.

"There's a candidate for my fan club, for sure," Tris remarked.

"Oh, she's always brusque like that.  It's nothing personal."  Tenchi 
said it with more confidence than he felt.

Ryoko hovered above Tenchi now.  She spoke anxiously.  "I can't 
believe you're not going to do something about this.  Letting some 
outsider in, letting him know...hey, help me out here, Princess."

"She has a point, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka spoke, her voice soft but firm, 
from where she stood with the other women.  "It is quite a risk."

""Lord" Tenchi?" Tris asked.  He'd finally caught on to how that 
formal-looking young woman addressed his roommate.

Tenchi waved it aside.  "Later, buddy."

"Right-o," Tris said.  Later for a lot of things.

"Listen, all of you," Tenchi said slowly and deliberately to the 
women.  "Tris is my friend.  I trust him as I trust all of you.  I 
just didn't want to...well, burden him with all this.  That's why I 
asked you all to kind of deceive him.  It wasn't because I didn't 
trust him."  Tenchi stopped.  "That sounds pretty lame, I know."

"Not to me, old buddy," Tris said, grinning.  "Sounds about right.  
It all kind of makes sense now.  Kind of," he added.

"That was well spoken and truly spoken, grandson," Yosho said.  He 
gently laid a hand on one of Tenchi's shoulders.

Ayeka regarded Tenchi with consternation.  "You have only known this 
person for what--a few months?  Can you be so certain, Lord Tenchi?  
Please reconsider.  An outsider!"

"Yeah," chimed in Ryoko.  "What she said."

"Yes, I can be certain," Tenchi said, firmly.  "I knew all of you for 
a lot less time before I learned to trust you.  And you were all 
outsiders, at first."

Standing behind his grandson and Tris, Lord Yosho nodded approvingly.  

Suddenly little Sasami spoke up.  "Tenchi is right, big sister.  If 
Tenchi trusts him, we should too.  Don't you think so?"

"He's nice!" Mihoshi burst out.  "He's funny, too.  I want him to 
stay."

Tris smiled his thanks at the bubbly tanned blonde.  He also smiled 
at the cute little girl with the long, long pigtails.  Then he 
regarded the quiet, pretty woman standing beside the blonde.  This 
was the lady who had made such an indelible impression on him.  She 
still did.  Tris found himself caring, caring awfully, what she would 
say.

Kiyone smiled slightly.  "Well, first if all, I suggest we stop 
talking about him as if he weren't here."

"Thank you," Tris said.

Kiyone looked at him with those grave blue eyes.  "You're welcome."  
She turned to the other women.  "Frankly, I don't think any one of us 
whose last name isn't "Masaki" has anything to say about it.  We're 
all guests here, we're all different, and we all have to trust each 
other.  If Tenchi trusts Tris—-boy, that's a tongue twister--" she 
grinned "--then that's good enough for me.  It should be good enough 
for you."

All of the other women—-even Ryoko—-took a moment to stare at Kiyone 
with amazement.  That was the most animated speech the Galaxy Police 
officer had uttered in some time.  And she had made a joke!  If 
nothing else good was happening, Kiyone seemed to be withdrawing from 
her despondency at last.

"I couldn't have said it better myself, Detective," Yosho told her.

Kiyone bowed respectfully to the man who was, among other things, a 
Juraian Prince of the blood.  Lord Yosho bowed back.

"Yes, well said, Kiyone," Tenchi added gratefully.

Tris just smiled at her again.  She returned the smile...and even 
gave him a small wink.

Then she grimaced as her partner, Mihoshi, delightedly patted her 
back.  "That was neat, Kiyone!"

"Okay, Mihoshi, that's enough."  Mihoshi stopped patting but she 
didn't stop smiling at her partner.

"You're all wrong!"  Ryoko insisted.  She sounded (and was) severely 
exasperated.  It appeared to the space pirate that everyone was 
turning against her.  Ironically, her only ally seemed to be--
"Princess, say something!"

Ayeka pursed her lips.  In her heart, she agreed with Ryoko, but 
it would be useless to remonstrate with Lord Tenchi.  He wanted this 
outsider to stay and insisted on trusting him.  Lord Tenchi was 
entirely too trusting, but now was not the time to tell him so.  Well 
versed in court intrigue, First Princess Ayeka Jurai know when to 
make a tactical retreat.

"I cannot entirely approve," she said, quietly.  "Time will tell.  
But it is Lord Tenchi's wish, and we should accede to it."

"Oh...balls!" Ryoko spat out.  She streaked away.  

"My fan club grows and grows," Tris observed, watching Ryoko fly to 
the house.  Then he saw her disappear into the house.  Through a 
wall.

"No...we'll just let that one pass," he muttered.

"What?" Tenchi asked him.

"Nothing."  He gave Tenchi a lopsided, one-dimpled smile.  "Nothing 
at all--"Lord" Tenchi!  Should I bow or just kiss your ring?"

Tenchi placed a hand at the back of his head in a characteristic 
gesture and laughed embarrassedly.  "Like I said, I'll explain all 
that," he promised.

"And as I was saying," Yosho resumed.  "I suggest we all go inside, 
now that the house is back on its foundations.  It is time for 
luncheon.  We can go into the introductions and explanations there."

"Yay!" said Mihoshi.  "I'm hungry!"

"So what else is new?" Kiyone rejoined, rolling her eyes heavenward.

Mihoshi just laughed with delight.  Even exasperation was much more 
preferable from her partner than all that glum silence.

"Good idea!  I can have a meal prepared quickly," Sasami smiled.  
"First, I'll make some tea for all of us."

"She does the cooking?" Tris muttered to Tenchi.  "That little 
doll?"

"Later," Tenchi muttered back.

"I'll help you, Sasami," Ayeka offered.  She had decided to make the 
best of a bad situation.  But she still privately agreed with Ryoko.  
The next three days couldn't pass quickly enough for her.

"Thanks, big sister!"

The group, now including Tris Coffin, moved toward the house.  
Ryo-Ohki joyfully bounded along behind them, sensing that the mood 
had lightened.  As did Sasami, the cabbit liked it that way.



The Masaki household indulged in an extended luncheon that day.

With all the questions and answers, and the need to ingest food, the 
midday meal seemed almost endless.  But at least Tris was brought up 
to speed (in a very shallow sense) with the unique status of both his 
hosts and his fellow guests.

Unique status!  They were all space aliens, except for Tenchi, who 
was only part space alien but also a space alien prince, as was his 
grandfather, who was a full-blooded space alien (his real name was 
Yosho, Lord Yosho, and that was how everyone addressed him).  However, 
Tenchi's father, who was at work, was fully terrestrial.  The women 
were clearly not guests, not really.  They were all part of the Masaki 
family now.  Tris was the only real guest...and not a very welcome 
one.

Ryoko, the space pirate and super-powerful being...Ayeka Jurai, the 
crowned Princess of the distant planet also called Jurai, possessor 
of the mighty Jurai power...her little sister, Sasami, also a 
Princess of Jurai and a terrific cook...Mihoshi Kuramitsu and Kiyone 
Makibi, Detectives First Class of the Galaxy Police, piloting 
vehicles and using weaponry that made anything on Earth seem like 
sticks and stones...that redheaded scientist who had wanted to whack 
out his memory, Washuu Hakubi, not present, said to be in her lab 
somewhere...that cute little feline rabbity creature, Ryo-Ohki, who 
was Ryoko's pet, said to also be Ryoko's starship (Tris would have to 
see that to believe it, though)...and, oh, yeah, those two lawn 
ornaments, called Guardians—-Azaka II and Kamidake II.  Evidently 
they were the "second generation," whatever that meant.

It was a lot to absorb and to keep track of.  Almost too much, 
really.  It also turned certain tenets of Tris's basic belief system 
on their collective ear.  It was rather like finding out that there 
really was a Santa Claus and an Easter Bunny...and that the Easter 
Bunny was not very happy to see you.  

Yet there was one factor that helped Tris accept the unacceptable--
the fact that, space aliens or not, these were clearly people he was 
meeting.  Extraordinary people, but people.  Aside from a few 
examples of exotic hair and eye coloring and the shape of a few ears, 
the women, in appearance, might well have come from Earth.  In 
manner, they seemed like regular folks--regular folks who normally 
lived, worked, and played many light years away.    

Nearly all the women had willingly, and, in a few cases, even 
eagerly, answered his questions and volunteered information he would 
never have thought to ask for.  All except Ryoko.  The most-wanted 
fugitive space pirate (Tenchi had told him a little about her as they 
walked to the house) had just floated down from the high ceiling's 
heavy beamed rafters when Sasami served dinner.  Ryoko had eaten her 
meal in a silence punctuated only by grunts, then had floated away 
once she finished.  In short: She was ticked off, mightily.  Still.

It was an uncomfortable situation, Tris realized.  Here was a woman 
who could blast open steel walls and doors with power beams and she 
was less than pleased with him.  That alien Princess, Ayeka, was also 
long on super powers and short on regard for him despite her cold 
politeness, he also realized.  It was a ticklish situation.  Like the 
house slippers on his feet.  He grinned inwardly.  He, of course, 
followed the standard practice of exchanging his Weejuns at the 
house's entryway, or genkan, for house slippers--only, the family 
didn't have house slippers that fit American size 12D.  Oh, well, he'd 
have to adjust to that, too.

Now only Tris, Kiyone, and Mihoshi still sat (actually, squatted on 
their tatami mats) around the traditional chabudai rectangular dining 
table, set on an elevated platform in the dining room.  Through an 
open serving window at one end, Tris could see that the kitchen 
gleamed with modern gadgetry.  Tenchi's home was an interesting 
mixture of the traditional and the contemporary.  Tris noticed that 
the walls enclosing the dining room seemed somewhat newish.  He had 
the impression that the dining room had once been an open space, 
adjacent to the living room.  The ceiling beams looked relatively 
recent as well.  He would have to ask Tenchi the reason for the 
remodeling sometime.

"So you and Mihoshi were assigned here...to Earth?" Tris now asked 
Kiyone.  She was the easiest one to talk to, and really, the one he 
wanted most to talk to for the matter of that.  Sasami was a sweet 
kid and Mihoshi was a bigger sweet kid, but Kiyone really seemed more 
attuned to him, somehow, although she was from outer space, too.  
"After you found Mihoshi, who got stranded here trying to capture 
Ryoko?"  It was hard to keep everyone's story straight.

"Uh-huh.  Actually, assigned to this section--our patrol sector.  It 
covers a pretty wide area of open space.  It's also a restricted 
area, since none of the inhabited planets in it are members of the 
Galactic Union."

"Are there other inhabited planets in your sector?" Tris asked, his 
curiosity piqued.

"Ummmm...no," Kiyone replied, glancing down at her teacup.  "Just 
this one."

"Yeah?  Then, why--"

"Oh, we're really just traffic patrol for the few ships that pass 
through!"  Mihoshi burst into the conversation, eager to enlighten.  
"And we stop ships that aren't authorized to be here.  Sometimes we 
help folks who have breakdowns.  Not much action at all!"

"Thanks a lot, Mihoshi!" Kiyone grated.  Clearly, this was a 
sensitive topic for the teal-haired Galaxy Police officer.  

"Ummm..."  Tris thought it wise to change the subject.  "So after 
you found Mihoshi here, and then were assigned here, the Masakis 
invited you to move in?"

Kiyone seemed to hesitate in answering the question.  Then Mihoshi 
shoved her oar in again.

"Oh, no!  Kiyone and I tried to live in our own apartment in Okayama 
City where you go to college.  But we didn't have enough money left 
after our salary deductions to pay the rent and to buy food and 
stuff.  We were starving!  We got part-time jobs but always got fired 
somehow.  So we had to come here to eat and then—-"

Kiyone clapped a hand over Mihoshi's mouth.  "You always say too 
much, Mihoshi!"

Moving right along...Tris asked, "That was the first time you were 
here, right?  And this is your second stay here?"

Mihoshi nodded but said nothing, since Kiyone's hand still sealed her 
mouth. 

Time to change the subject again.  "Well, do you have any questions 
for me?"

Mihoshi pushed Kiyone's hand aside.  "Are you a cowboy?"

"Huh?"

Then a voice floated down from the rafters:  "Why, Mihoshi?  Do you 
think he looks like a cow?"  There was a peal of laughter.  "Moo!"

Tris didn't bother to look up.  He knew who said that.

"Ignore her," Kiyone advised.

He nodded.

"Tris, you didn't answer my question," Mihoshi protested.

"She thinks all Americans are cowboys from watching American TV," 
Tenchi explained with a grin, walking over to them from where he had 
been talking to his grandfather.

"I do not, Tenchi," Mihoshi denied.  In fact, she also thought, 
thanks to TV, that Americans were doctors and lawyers and detectives 
and poor, put-upon fathers.  "I just like cowboys and horsies and 
things."  Her wide blue eyes turned to Tris again for his answer to 
her question.  

"Well, my Uncle Bosley has horses.  I've ridden them...fallen off of 
them..."

"Wow!  Tris is a cowboy!"  Mihoshi was excited.  "I knew it!"

"Where's your ten-gallon hat, Tex?" the voice from the rafters 
asked.

"In the trunk of my car with my spurs and six-gun," Tris couldn't 
resist answering.  He was getting annoyed at Ryoko.

"I told you to ignore her," Kiyone said.

"Yeah, you'd better," Tenchi advised, looking a little irritated as 
he surveyed the rafters.

"You rode a horse, Tris?" little Sasami queried, walking in from the 
kitchen.  She and Ayeka had carried the luncheon dishes in there.  
"That's so neat!  I love horses.  I'd love to ride one."

"How about falling off one?" the voice from the rafters snickered.  
"Tris can show you how!"

"I'm sure Tris is a fine rider," Sasami, the little sweetheart, said 
to the rafters.  She was wrong, of course, but Tris chose not to 
enlighten her.  Sasami smiled at him and returned to the kitchen.

"Say...how is it that you can watch American TV?"  The question had 
just occurred to Tris.  He was not razor sharp today by any means.

"You forget Tris, we come from an alliance of planets where people 
speak all sorts of different languages," Kiyone explained.  "We 
become adept from a very young age to learn new languages.  English 
is actually easier to learn than Japanese."  She smiled and then 
said, in English, "What's up?"

"You know what's up!"  Tris grinned at her.  "That's great.  But I 
meant, how is it that you can watch American TV programming here?  
Japanese cable has only a little American programming and no American 
channels.  I know.  I have to maintain a huge video vault here just 
so I can see my favorite old movies."

"He does!"  Tenchi grinned.  "Takes up about half of his closet in 
the dorm.  Those old movies are fun to watch, especially the horror 
movies."

"So...how do you do it?"  Tris repeated his question.

"Oh, that."  Kiyone waved a hand.  "We pick up all the American and 
other satellite channels here."

"But how?"  Tris was puzzled.

"Come over to the TV set, and I'll show you," Tenchi offered.

Tris rose, along with Mihoshi and Kiyone, and followed Tenchi to the 
living room.  The specious, well-sunlit room, furnished with two 
comfortable and matching couches and several chairs, also boasted a 
largish TV monitor.  Tris noticed his leather jacket draped over one 
of the couches where he had deposited it.  He slipped it on, 
although the weather was quite balmy.  He just liked to wear it.

"See this black box on top of the set?" Tenchi asked him.

"Yeah."

"Well, Washuu rigged it up.  It collects all satellite channel 
transmissions, from everywhere on Earth, and brings them to the set.  
We can tune in any channel."

"Like MTV!" said Mihoshi.

"And Court TV," Kiyone added.  "Very informative...from a strictly
professional standpoint, of course."

"But to pick up satellite transmissions you need line of sight.  You 
can't just pick up satellite signals from anywhere, like radio 
waves..."  Tris stopped.  The others were grinning at him.

"Got a clue yet, genius?"  The voice from the rafters had moved and 
was right above them now.

"Okay, okay, you got me," Tris admitted.  "Washuu.  If she can raise 
the house, I suppose she can make satellite beams bend, too."

"Not exactly like that," Tenchi told him.  "Washuu explained it once.  
It's sort of like a scanner.  It seeks out and grabs the satellite 
beams...that's all I could understand."

"Good enough."  Tris shook his head wonderingly.  All the world's 
satellite stations!  He wished he were staying longer.  Maybe not, 
though.  He could become a regular couch potato here.

He felt a touch behind him.  He turned and found himself facing 
Kiyone.  She smiled at him.

"Nice jacket!" she said.  "Leather, right?"

"That's right...lambskin.  USAF official issue.  It was my Dad's."

"Hah!  He wears animal skins!" the voice from the rafters pointed 
out.  "Who's the barbarian around here now?"

Kiyone acted as if she had not heard.  "United States Air Force, huh?  
What's that emblem in back?"

"My Dad's first fighter squadron--the old Fifth Fighter Interceptor 
Squadron.(2)"

"Why is there a kitty cat on the emblem?" Mihoshi wanted to know.

"It's a bobcat.  But you're right in a way, Mihoshi.  The squadron 
was known as the "Spittin' Kittens" during World War Two."

"Spitting?"  Mihoshi looked confused.

"They flew Spitfires," Tris said.

"Huh?"

"British fighter planes, Mihoshi," Kiyone explained.

Tris regarded her with admiration.  "You're good."

"Of course I am."  Kiyone walked over to the large picture window 
that faced the front lawn.

Tenchi smiled, watching her.  Kiyone was good—-she was the best.  And 
now definitely coming out of her shell...good for Tris!

"That's a cool car," Kiyone said, looking out the window.  "Why don't 
you show it to me, Tris?"

"Sure.  Let's all go."

Tenchi walked to the front door and slid it open.  He, Tris, Mihoshi, 
and Kiyone exchanged house slippers for street shoes and stepped 
outside into the brilliant spring sunshine.

The voice stayed where it was in the rafters.



"Where's everyone going?"  Sasami, hearing the front door open, 
asked her big sister in the kitchen.  The little Princess was laying 
out the vegetables that needed to be sliced up for dinner.  She 
wanted to soak them for a few hours in a special oil she had 
discovered before stir-frying them later.  She and Ayeka had just 
finished washing and drying the luncheon dishes.

"Oh, outside," Ayeka replied, with a show of disinterest.  "I shall 
help you cut up these vegetables, Sasami."

"Thanks!"  Sasami beamed.

Then the little girl's smile faded as she observed the violence with 
which Ayeka attacked the defenseless vegetables.  She wielded the 
knife with gusto, chopping with rather disturbing speed and power.

"Better be careful, Ayeka," Sasami cautioned.  "You don't want to cut 
yourself."

"I am perfectly capable of cutting vegetables, thank you very much," 
Ayeka said curtly.  "I know I cannot cook, but I can certainly cut 
vegetables."

"I'm sorry..." Sasami said in a small voice.

Ayeka put down the knife, which was all but smoking.  She regretted 
snapping at her little sister.  The real objects of her anger were 
outdoors.

"I am sorry, too, Sasami dear.  I am not angry at you."

"Are you still upset about Tris staying here?"

"Yes.  It is wrong of me, perhaps...but I just do not think it was 
wise to have him here.  And to let him know about us!  So far, Lord 
Tenchi is spending all his time with him."  Ayeka sounded genuinely 
distressed.

"Now she tells us!"  Ryoko's voice sounded from the ceiling beams.

"Ryoko!"  Ayeka looked up.  "You come down now!"

"I don't wanna."

"Come down this instant!"

"Please, Ryoko," Sasami added.

"Oh, okay...since the Junior Princess asked me."

Ryoko floated down.  She stood before Ayeka and Sasami, her hands 
on her hips.

"You sure changed your tune, Princess," she charged.  "Again!"

"I have not changed my tune, as you put it.  And please stop calling 
Sasami "Junior Princess," Ryoko."  Ayeka hated the silly nickname 
that Ryoko had recently begun using to refer to Sasami.  The Princess 
was convinced that Ryoko did it just to annoy her.

"I don't mind it, big sister," Sasami said.

"I do," Ayeka said firmly.

"Well, which is it?" Ryoko asked.  "Do you want that chump here or 
not?"

"I do not want him here.  I have made that quite clear.  But Lord 
Tenchi wants him here.  And I know that the first day is almost over, 
which leaves only two more days until he is gone."

"I can count, too, Princess," Ryoko said sourly.  "What about him 
knowing about us?  Washuu had the perfect solution and Tenchi stopped 
her.  It would have solved everything"

"But that was wrong!" Sasami objected.  "Tris didn't do anything to 
deserve that.  Tenchi invited him here.  Why should he have that 
awful thing done to him?"

Ayeka smiled fondly at Sasami.  "Do you think she might have a point 
there?" she asked Ryoko.

"Yeah, well...maybe."

Ayeka now spoke softly but earnestly.  "Ryoko, it is not to my 
advantage to tell you this.  But all you are doing is alienating Lord 
Tenchi.  That person will soon be gone—-and good riddance—-but Lord 
Tenchi will remember how you treated his friend."

Ryoko lowered her eyes.  The good sense in what Ayeka said had 
obviously penetrated her truculence.  "I guess I really didn't think," 
she admitted.  She raised her eyes.  "It's real decent of you to say 
that, Princess...seeing we're both after the same guy."

"Fair fight, I believe you said once."

"Yeah...fair fight.  Okay, I'll ease up on the chump.  I won't kill 
him, but I'm not about to like him.  He's so goofy and he clumps 
around on those big feet of his and he talks so loud.  Jeeze!  Do all 
Americans talk so loud?"

Ayeka sighed.  "I understand that they do.  America is not a very 
civilized country, I understand."

"Good thing those Americans have their own country.  They ought to 
stay there!"

"We agree on that at least, Ryoko!"

"I don't agree," Sasami said.  "Americans are like everybody else.  
I think Tris is nice and funny...and interesting.  He's not bad 
looking at all.  He has a nice smile."

Ryoko smiled.  "Sounds like the Junior Princess has a crush on the 
chump."

Ayeka smiled, too.  "It seems she may have to fight Kiyone for him," 
she kidded.  "And please stop calling Sasami "Junior Princess," 
Ryoko."

Sasami colored, but said nothing.  She walked to the cupboard, stood 
on the footstool she used to reach high objects, and began putting 
the washed teacups away.

"That Kiyone!  She's sure snapped out of her slump.  And it's about 
time," Ryoko noted.  "She was getting to be a pain to be around."

"Yes, that is good to see, anyway...I think," Ayeka replied 
thoughtfully.



Tenchi, Tris, Mihoshi, and Kiyone had gathered around Tris's vintage 
car.  Kiyone and Tris were leaning on the passenger side door, 
looking into the interior, while Tenchi was showing Mihoshi the rear 
of the Mustang so she could see "where the smoke comes from."

"Cassette player, huh?" Kiyone remarked, examining the dashboard.  
"Why not a CD player...or even an MP3 player?"

Tris looked at her, surprised.

"Hey, I keep up with things around here.  I don't just take up space," 
Kiyone said, feeling a bit irritated.  

"I'll say!  Well, to answer your question, I have a bunch of old 
cassette tapes my Mom and Dad loved--they're the old, classic rock and 
pop songs.  Guess I grew to love them, too.  That's about all I play 
now.  They're in that black container on the floor there."

"It sounds as if you keep your parents pretty close to you," Kiyone 
said softly

"Yeah...I guess I do."  Tris looked away.

Sensing she had broached a sore subject, Kiyone changed it.  "Don't 
you like the new stuff?" she asked Tris.  "Some of what they call 
"alternative rock" isn't too bad at all."

"Yeah, I like some of that stuff, too.  I'll put in a CD player 
someday." 

"Hey!" cried Mihoshi from the rear of the car.

"I told you not to put your finger in the exhaust pipe, Mihoshi," 
Tenchi's voice came from there also.

Mihoshi and Tenchi rose into view.  Mihoshi was extending her right 
index finger.  It was black.

"It's all sooty," she said with wonderment.  "Does you car burn 
trees, Tris?"

Next to her, Tenchi grinned.  Tris heard Kiyone groan softly beside 
him.

"No, just gas."  Tris whipped out his handkerchief.  He went to 
Mihoshi, and took her hand.  He gently wiped off her index finger, 
until all the exhaust residue was gone.  

"There...that's better," he smiled at the tanned, blonde galactic 
police officer.  "You want to be more careful where you stick your 
finger next time."

Mihoshi just stared at him, her blue eyes shimmering.  Tris couldn't 
have known it, but such acts of simple kindness were rarely shown to 
Mihoshi and it impressed her greatly.  She treasured kindness above 
all else.

"I've told her that before," Kiyone said resignedly.  "A few 
thousand times."

"Well, no harm done," Tenchi said.  

"Tris, thanks for showing me your car," Kiyone told him.  She smiled 
at him.  It was about a million-candlewatt smile, Tris decided.

"Well...why not come out on a drive with me?" Tris surprised himself 
by asking.  "Say tomorrow afternoon."

Kiyone glanced behind her.  Mihoshi was slowly spelling out the 
letters M-U-S-T-A-N-G on the car's rear end, while Tenchi explained 
to her what a mustang was.

"You're a fast worker," Kiyone said sardonically.

"It's just a drive.  I don't have much time here, you know.  How 
about it?"

Kiyone said no.  That is, she started to say no.  Then she decided 
she would like to get away from the Masaki homestead for a little 
while.  This guy wasn't anything special, but he was okay.  Besides, 
he would be gone in a few days.  Going out with him once wouldn't 
mean anything.  Why not?  

"Okay, then.  After lunch tomorrow.  Just a drive, understand."  
Kiyone wanted to make that crystal clear.

"Of course.  It's not like it's a date or anything."

It was an unfortunate choice of word.  At the word "date," both of 
them cast their eyes away from each other.  Kiyone felt a blush creep 
into her cheeks.  She shook her head angrily.  She was on the verge 
of canceling the drive.

"You got that right!  I don't know, Tris...it could be fun, though."

"What could be fun?" Mihoshi asked brightly, walking up to her.

Kiyone relented.  It would be just a drive.  

"Enough fun!" she told her partner.  "It's time we put some work in 
around here, Mihoshi.  We've had enough time off.  We still have 
those drapes upstairs to shake out."

"Aw, do we have to?" Mihoshi objected.  "I want to stay and talk to 
Tris about horsies and things.  His car is named after a horsie, you 
know."

"We have to, Mihoshi.  You can talk to him later."  Kiyone took 
Mihoshi's arm and firmly led her away.

"Bye Tris...Tenchi..." Mihoshi called out sadly.  Her blue eyes 
remained on Tris until she and Kiyone reached the front door.  Then 
they both disappeared inside.

"Well." Tris said.  "That was fun.  Kind of."

Tenchi agreed.  "You sure made an impression on them.  Mihoshi really 
likes you.  And Kiyone's almost like her old self again."

"I'm glad.  Of course, I kind of like that Kiyone's new self, too."

"Tris..." Tenchi spoke a bit hesitantly.  "Don't make any mistakes 
about Kiyone.  She's tough, very, very smart, and has loads of 
common sense.  She's completely dedicated to the Galaxy Police and 
her career.  She's never had time for guys before.  Just so you 
know."

"Right-o," Tris said.  "I got that impression.  You know I'm not 
looking for anything serious, buddy.  She's pretty nice and we 
might go out for a drive or something, but that's it."

"Good!"  Tenchi looked relieved.  "Now let me show you the rest of 
the place.  We have a cave—-that's where we found Washuu--and a 
garden, and some nice woodlands."

"Lead on, Mark Trail," Tris said.  "I will follow."



Dinner at the Masakis turned out to be much briefer than luncheon and 
considerably less strained.  Everybody had, more or less, adjusted to 
Tris's presence, or at least appeared to.  Even Ryoko was cordial to 
him, which relieved both Tris and Tenchi--especially Tris, who 
recalled again what Tenchi had told him about her powers.  Ryoko even 
asked him casually, "Have you ever been shot at?"

"What?"  Tris dropped his chopsticks on the table and stared at the 
platinum-haired space pirate.

"I watch TV, too, and even some of the American shows.  Everybody's 
always shooting and crashing their cars in them."

"That's just TV, Ryoko.  Not real life in the States," Tris assured 
her. 

"Too bad."  Ryoko grinned.  "It sounded like my kind of place!"

"Un-doubtedly..." Ayeka commented.

"Hey, I thought we were on our best behavior, Princess," Ryoko said 
to Ayeka, nettled.

"I am," Ayeka replied sweetly.  "I, for one, did not denigrate our 
visitor's homeland."

Ryoko scowled.  She had a real hot one to hand off to the Princess.  
But then her eyes caught Tenchi's eyes.  He gently shook his head.  
She smiled slyly.  Best behavior, huh?  Okay, but just for her 
Tenchi.  Ryoko turned to the American.  "Tris, try some of these 
cabbage rolls.  They're delicious and good for you, too."

Tris, caught off guard again, now dropped his chopsticks on his lap.

"You spastic or something?" Ryoko asked.

"Don't worry, Tris," Mihoshi comforted him.  "I sometimes do that 
myself."

"Believe her," Kiyone added.

Tris retrieved his chopsticks quickly.  "Thanks, Ryoko," he said.  
"I'll be glad to."  He took several cabbage rolls from the platter.  
Then he popped one into his mouth.  Ryoko was right.  They were 
delicious. Sasami was a wonderful cook.

The meal proceeded without further incident.



It was after dinner when Tris finally met Tenchi's father, Nobuyuki 
Masaki.

Tris had risen from the table and heard Tenchi's grandfather in the 
hallway talking to someone.  He followed Tenchi to the hallway.  There 
he saw Tenchi's grandfather and a tall, heavy-chested, somewhat 
stooped middle-aged Japanese man, wearing a business suit and carrying 
a fully packed briefcase.  He wore glasses and had a mustache, but 
otherwise he was an older version of Tenchi.

Lord Yosho stepped out the front door after nodding amiably at his 
grandson and Tris.  

"Tris," Tenchi said.  "I am pleased to present my honorable father, 
Nobuyuki."

Before Tris could bow, Tenchi's father held out his hand.  They shook 
hands.  Nobuyuki smiled a broad, friendly smile at Tris.

"Welcome to our home," he said cordially.  "I'm glad to finally meet 
my son's roommate.  He's told me a lot about you."

"He did?  Well, I'm taking medication now, so don't worry, sir."

Tenchi's father laughed.  "You live up your billing."  He walked 
toward the stairs.  "If you'll excuse me, you two, I'll put my 
things away."

"We'll go with you, Dad," Tenchi said quickly.

"Fine."

Tenchi and Tris followed Nobuyuki up the stairway.  They all walked 
into a small, cramped bedroom-cum-office, where a wooden draftsman's 
easel stood amidst filing cabinets and a small computer hutch in one 
corner.  

Nobuyuki placed the briefcase down on a small, paper-strewn table.  
He opened it, and began to take stacks of documents from it.

"Oh Dad, don't start working again already," Tenchi said, distressed.  
"You've already missed dinner from working overtime."

"I had a quick dinner at that café by the office.  And I really need 
to get a little more done today, son."

"You're putting in so many hours, Dad.  It's not fair."

"Well, life isn't fair, Tenchi."  Nobuyuki raised his head and smiled 
apologetically.  "When we finally finish the Teijun project, I should 
have more free time."

"You said that about the Yosung project, Dad," Tenchi reminded him 
quietly.

"I know...I'm sorry, Tenchi.  Tristram, I hope you don't feel I'm a 
poor host."

"No, sir, not at all.  I understand about overtime.  My parents put 
in a lot of it sometimes.  Especially during the Gulf War."

"In your Air Force, weren't they?" Nobuyuki said a bit distractedly, 
already ruffling through drawings and estimates.

"Yes, sir."

"Well, Dad, I guess we'll go," Tenchi said, hesitantly.

"All right.  Tristram, let's have a talk before you leave."

"It's a promise, Mr. Masaki.  By the way, I love this house!"

Tenchi's father smiled at him.  "Well, thank you!"

Tenchi and Tris left Nobuyuki, who was busily powering up his Apple 
computer.

"Ummm..." Tris said, as they walked down the stairs.  "Not going to 
tell him about the house-raising party?"

"No," Tenchi said shortly.  "Not right now.  Dad has enough on his 
plate."

Tenchi was glumly silent as they walked downstairs.  Tris kept quiet 
too.  He knew Tenchi was upset about something.

They reached the ground floor.

Tenchi glanced into the living room.  The women, aside from Washuu, 
were watching TV.  Ryoko and Ayeka turned their heads and smiled at 
him.  Ryoko patted a space on the couch beside her, invitingly.  
Tenchi shook his head.  He was not in the mood for TV.

"Tris," Tenchi said.  "Let's go for a walk.  Okay?"

"Okay."  

The two young men left the house and walked together into the 
lowering twilight.  Neither spoke.  A slight breeze massaged their 
faces.  The insects had set up a jam session in the grass.  Their 
twilight song was robust.  The stars twinkled dimly as the sky 
darkened.

"I don't know what to do about Dad," Tenchi said suddenly.

"Do?"

"He's working himself sick.  He's got that long commute every day to 
work and back and now they're piling up the overtime on him.  He 
often misses dinner and then has to spend his evenings in that home
office of his.  I hardly ever see him."

"It's not his fault, is it, Tenchi?" Tris asked.

"No...but I'm not talking about fault.  You know the economy isn't 
very strong right now.  His firm grabs every job they can and they 
don't want to hire more people, so they just dump the excess on their 
employees like Dad.  It's wearing him down, I can tell."

"That's pretty rotten, all right," Tris commiserated.

"Grandfather has talked to him, but..." Tenchi paused.  They were 
near the edge of the lake--the lake with that amazing mammoth tree.  
Tris recalled he was going to ask Tenchi about that tree.  Not now, 
of course.

Tenchi slowly squatted down and sat on the cool, thick grass.  Tris 
followed suit.

The fireflies flickered out their romantic messages around them.  
Judging from all the flickering, some of them must have scored.  Tris 
was quite warm even though he wasn't wearing the lambskin A2 jacket.  
It was unseasonably warm, in fact, for spring.

Then Tenchi spoke.  "But Dad's afraid--really afraid--that they'll 
fire him if he complains about all the overtime.  We can't afford to 
get by very long without his salary.  I couldn't have afforded to go 
to the University without winning that scholarship first.  So Dad 
feels he has to work so hard.  He's trapped and it's not his fault.  
It's really my fault for the household costing so much to maintain."

"Hey, kids always cost, Tenchi.  And parents always pay somehow."

"Yeah.  But how many families have six extra females living with 
them?" Tenchi pointed out.

"Well...you said they're like family now."

"I know.  They are family.  I just hate Dad carrying that burden.  
It's just not fair."

Tris really did not know what to say.  Tenchi was right.  Guilt lay 
heavy on him.  Tris knew all about guilt.

"I suppose," Tris tried to comfort Tenchi, "that as long as your 
father knows how you feel about him...that you appreciate how hard he 
works...the burden won't be too bad.  You know?"

Tenchi's worried expression slowly relaxed into a small smile.  "Yeah, 
you're right.  Thanks, Tris.  You know, you're the only one, aside 
from Grandfather, whom I can talk to about this.  If I discussed it 
with any of the girls..." his voice trailed off.

"They'd feel awful and it wouldn't help things, anyway.  Yeah, I see."

There was another silence between them.  It was a friendly, 
companionable silence.  Then Tenchi asked, "Well, Tris...what do you 
think?"

Tris knew what Tenchi meant by that question.  "Well, buddy, you're 
either the luckiest guy I know or the unluckiest.  I haven't made up 
my mind yet."

"I'm probably a little of both," Tenchi said with a faint touch of 
bemusement in his voice.  "Still...I don't think I'd trade places with 
anyone I know."

For a little while longer, the two young men sat on the grass, 
watching the moon begin to rise slowly, its progress marked by its 
iridescent reflection on the silvery lake.  It was a quiet, calm, 
silent time that they basked in together, as only two young males 
could.  

Tenchi glanced at Tris.  He thought about how they would come back to 
the dorm room after a particularly stressful day, and how they would 
just keep silent a while, resting on their beds.  That silence had 
been comforting, somehow.  It was a funny thing, but Tenchi felt he 
had gotten to know Tris better when they did not talk.  He supposed 
that was a sign that a guy was a real pal and not just another 
acquaintance.

Absorbed in their thoughts, neither Tenchi nor Tris heard the sounds 
of footsteps behind them.

Suddenly a pair of soft hands covered Tris's eyes.

"Guess who?" a sweet voice challenged from behind him.

"Oh, Mihoshi!"  Kiyone's irritated voice also sounded from behind.

"You told him!" Mihoshi said, disappointed.  She removed her hands from 
Tris's eyes.

Tris and Tenchi stood up.  Mihoshi and Kiyone stood there, smiling.  
Tenchi noted with wonderment that Kiyone's smile was almost shy as she 
looked at Tris.

"Hi, girls," he said.

"Great to see you two," Tris added.  He looked directly at Kiyone.  
"Really great."

"Well, thanks," Kiyone returned.  "The fact is, Mihoshi and I are on a 
mission."

"A mission?" Tris asked.

"That's right."  Kiyone turned to Tenchi.  "We were instructed in no 
uncertain terms to bring you back to the house."

"Yeah!" Mihoshi added.  "You should have heard Ryoko and Ayeka!"

Tenchi groaned.  "Those two!"

"Now, Tenchi."  Kiyone grinned and waggled a finger at him.  "After 
all, this is your one and only Spring Break.  You do need to spend 
some time with them.  It's only right, you know."

"I know.  Com'on Tris, we'd better go back."

"Okay."

The four of them walked back to the house, whose lighted windows now 
glowed golden in the early evening dusk.  They started out as a loose 
foursome.  But, along with her other attainments, Kiyone was agile.  
Somehow she ended up walking beside Tris, leaving Mihoshi with Tenchi.

It was a great night for an evening stroll.  They were laughing at a 
funny story that Mihoshi was telling about one of her three older 
brothers, Takei, when either a slight depression or slight elevation 
met Tris's foot.  The usual result occurred.  Tris tripped and plowed 
into the turf.

"Tris!" Mihoshi cried.

"Clumsy!" Kiyone snorted.

Tenchi shook his head.  He'd seen that happen before.

Kiyone and Tenchi pulled Tris to his feet, while Mihoshi brushed him 
off.

"Ohhh...you aren't hurt, are you?" Mihoshi asked anxiously.

"I think the ground got the worst of it, Mihoshi," Tris said, quite 
embarrassed.

Still grasping his buddy's arm, Tenchi laughed.  "Sorry.  But I was 
just waiting for it, Tris.  I knew a day couldn't go by without you 
stumbling."

"Glad I didn't disappoint you," Tris told him sarcastically.

"You didn't."  Tenchi grinned.

Kiyone said, "Mihoshi, he's clean enough.  Stop brushing him off.  
I'll hold on to him, Tenchi."  She looked into Tris's face and 
brushed a blade of grass off his nose that Mihoshi had missed.  That 
was one silly looking nose he had.  "Now, you just take one step 
after another, Tris, and let's see if you can make it back to the 
house without falling again.  Okay?"  Her voice dripped with mock 
solicitude.

"Gee, do you think I can, Officer?" Tris gritted.

"I think so.  If you take small steps and concentrate real hard."

"Thanks a heap!"

"No need to thank me.  It's my duty to help the handicapped."

Tris was going to pay her back with interest, but Kiyone just slipped 
her arm around his arm and began to lead him forward...taking small 
steps.  Tris gave up and went along with her.  Besides, he rather 
liked being so close to the pretty galactic police officer.  

Mihoshi and Tenchi smiled at each other and followed Kiyone and Tris.

They all made it back to the house without further mishap.  All the 
way there, Tris could feel Kiyone shake with silent laughter as she 
held onto his arm.  No doubt about it.  He sure knew how to make an 
impression on a woman.    



"Well, Tris," Tenchi murmured sleepily.  "Quite a day for you..."

They were in Tenchi's—-and now Tris's—-bedroom.  The room was dark, 
the house quiet.  They had been lying in bed for a little while 
now--Tenchi on his actual bed, Tris on the futon.  Sleep eluded them 
both.

"Hell of a day," Tris agreed, yawning.  "Not a day I'd like to repeat, 
frankly."

"I understand, buddy.  Tris, I have to say--you've taken all this a 
lot better than I would have expected."

He heard the American snort in the darkness.  "Nothing to it!  I just 
learned that there really are space aliens, and they're gorgeous!  
Also that space alien women make Wonder Woman look sick...that there's 
an extraterrestrial police force and they have the cutest cops I ever 
saw...that houses can fly...girls can fly...lawn ornaments can 
fly...and talk...that my college roommate is a space alien 
prince...that a little girl can cook up a storm."  Tris yawned again.  
"No big deal...as that space alien scientist would say." 

"Nope," Tenchi said, chuckling.  "No big deal."

"But I'm still not clear about that Ryoko.  She's super powerful and 
you say she's sort of like a demon, only she isn't, and she has a tail 
sometimes, so she's kind of a cat woman, only she isn't.  Do I have it 
straight now?"

"You have it straight.  But it's not a real tail, Tris," Tenchi said.

"Huh?  It looked real."

"It's supposed to.  Ryoko has a few outfits that have this kind of 
articulated tail attached to them.  It moves and all, but it's just a 
prosthetic device.  Ryoko told me she used to wear those outfits to 
frighten folks she robbed into thinking she really was a demon.  Now 
she wears the outfits when she feels bored or...well, frisky."  Tenchi 
chuckled again.

"A cat suit, huh?  Well, I prefer Catwoman's, myself--with Michelle 
Pfeiffer in it."

"To each his own," Tenchi said.  "Anyway, be patient with Ryoko and 
Ayeka, too.  They're really wonderful.  They just take a little while 
to warm up to strangers.  They'll come around, believe me."

"I believe you, buddy.  After today, I'll believe anything!  No new 
taxes!  Peace in our time!  The check's in the mail!  Anything!"

Tenchi grinned in the darkness.  "Good night, Tris."

"Good night, Tenchi.  And if this is a dream after all, don't wake me 
up.  It's kind of fun, in a way."

"Yeah," Tenchi said, stretching out and yawning.  "It really is fun.  
Like a carnival."

"It sure is." Tris agreed.  "A carnival on steroids!"



Sasami was asleep.  Then...she wasn't.

The room was dark.  It was the spacious former master bedroom of the 
Masaki home that had been converted into a communal bedroom for her, 
Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, and Mihoshi.  All slept on futons.  There was a 
rolled-up futon for Washuu as well, but the reclusive scientist 
usually slept in her sub-dimensional laboratory, where she usually 
ate as well.

Nobuyuki had designed his house for a small family--his immediate 
family--and it only had so many bedrooms.  In the past, only Ryoko, 
Ayeka and Sasami had slept in the house itself, with Washuu bunking 
in her sub-dimensional laboratory, and Kiyone and Mihoshi staying in 
their own apartment in the city.

But now Mihoshi and Kiyone were obliged to live at the Masaki manse, 
too.  On their return to Earth, they had tried to reside at their old 
apartment in the city.  But since they were still paying rent for 
their apartments near GP Headquarters, their disposable income had 
dropped even lower.  They practically starved just to pay the rent, 
even with part-time jobs and subleasing their old apartments.  Then 
Kiyone had determined that they were taking an awful chance this time 
around holding down part-time jobs.  It was against GP regulations to 
moonlight and Kiyone and Mihoshi were already on bad terms with their 
service.  So they had abandoned their part-time jobs...and, in turn, 
had to abandon their apartment.  It had been another humiliation for 
them, especially for Kiyone, in a series of humiliations.  Both Kiyone 
and Mihoshi now paid a little money to Tenchi's father each month to 
help defray their room and board.  But it was not enough to cover what 
their staying there cost the Masakis, and Kiyone, for one, knew it.  
It was not a happy situation.

Thus evolved the "women's dormitory," as Tenchi called it, or the "cat 
house," as Nobuyuki called it (but, wisely, only around his son and 
father-in-law).  With the addition of Kiyone and Mihoshi, the spacious 
room teemed with futons.  But the room itself was airy, with a high 
vaulted ceiling complete with skylight, and large windows (on the 
second floor, so there was sunlight and privacy, too).  Each of them 
had a separate large wooden wardrobe.  It wasn't so bad.  Sasami 
rather enjoyed it.  She loved being around the women and hearing them 
talk.  She was secretly pleased Kiyone and Mihoshi had come to live 
with them this time around.  The little girl wanted everyone in the 
family—-her second family--near her.  
  
Sasami could hear the steady, glottal wheeze of Mihoshi's snoring.  
But that hadn't wakened her.  Rather like an alarm clock's ticking, 
all the women had become accustomed to the sound of Mihoshi's snores.  
Sasami thought it a comforting sound, really.

Then she sensed movement on the futon beside hers.  Her older sister, 
Ayeka.

Ayeka was trembling, her eyes closed, sweat beading on her forehead.  
Then, with a spastic shudder, her eyes opened.  Her mouth opened too, 
to scream.

Sasami, from long practice, clamped her hand over her big sister's 
mouth.  Ayeka's eyes glared wildly at Sasami...then they softened.

Sasami knew she could remove her hand now.

"Another awful dream?" she whispered to Ayeka, her childish voice full 
of concern.

"Yes, dear.  They seem to get worse, somehow.  And I am so tired after 
I have them."  Ayeka's whisper sounded weak, indeed.

"We need to tell someone..."

"No, Sasami.  They are just dreams.  I had them when I was about your 
age, you know.  They went away.  They will go away again."

"What if they don't?"  Sasami was on the verge of tears.  Ayeka looked 
so drawn and tired.  She was so brave.  She would burden no one with 
her problems.

"They shall."  Ayeka settled herself back on her pallet.  She pursed 
her lips.  "I must admit...I am almost afraid to go back to sleep," she 
said ruefully. 

Sasami's little hand found her sister's hand.  "Maybe if I hold your 
hand, big sister, it might help you to sleep all right."

Ayeka smiled tenderly.  "It just might, dear.  Let us try, anyway.  
Shall we?"

"Okay."

Sasami and Ayeka settled back to sleep.  Sasami held her sister's 
hand tightly.  Perhaps it was just coincidence, but Ayeka enjoyed a 
deep, dreamless sleep the rest of the night.



_____________________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

(1)  That name actually represents the (nonexistant) "town" or 
"village" approximation of "Makibi-Mihoshi."      

(2)  There really was a Fifth Fighter Interceptor Squadron, which had 
the honor of protecting America's airspace.  That job has been farmed 
out to the Air Force Reserves and Fifth Fighter is no more. 


