TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  
------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER SEVEN
No Need For Hospitality
_______________________


Kiyone and Mihoshi were dust-mopping the upstairs hallway, in 
preparation for waxing it, when they received the official call.

"What's that?" asked Mihoshi.

"It's our signal!" cried Kiyone, glancing at the GP alert bracelet on 
her right wrist (Tris had mistaken it for a fancy watch when he first 
saw it).  The bracelet's diode blinked and a tiny speaker buzzed.  
"We're needed, Mihoshi!"  Kiyone's adrenaline soared.  Finally!  Some 
action!  Maybe a real case!  This could even be the big one!  "Let's 
go!"

"Right!"

Mop handles clattered into the wooden floor as the two Galaxy Police 
Officers ran on bare feet down the hallway, down the stairs, and onto 
the first floor.  They continued on to the genkan entryway, where they 
slipped on street shoes (running shoes, actually) and slid open the 
front door.

"What's going on?" asked Sasami from where she sat on one of the 
couches in the living room, reading a fashion magazine.

"We got a call!" Mihoshi told her excitedly.  "Probably a big-time 
bad guy we gotta catch!"

"Probably just some drunken speeder," Kiyone amended.  But deep 
within, her hopes were high.  Like Tris said--in the field and in 
the game!

"Good luck!" Sasami said, putting down the magazine and standing up.  
She beamed a smile, although her coral eyes reflected worry.  She 
always fretted a little bit for her friend, Mihoshi, when the latter 
went on duty...just a little.  She never told Mihoshi that, though.

"Thanks!  Tell the others.  We don't know when we'll be back," Kiyone 
replied, straightening, her laces tied.  She slid open the front door.

"Be sure to let me know what happens on our favorite TV show—-" 
Mihoshi began, but was then jerked out the door by Kiyone's hand 
gripping her arm

"Come on, Mihoshi!  Move it!"

Sasami watched them leave.  "I will..." she promised to Mihoshi's 
retreating back.



Tenchi, in the process of finally getting that darned second hill 
mowed (he had run into some protruding roots that slowed his progress 
considerably), spotted Mihoshi and Kiyone running out the door of the 
house.

He called over to Tris, who was stooped over a stone walkway, 
clipping away as usual.  

Tris looked up at Tenchi's shout.  He saw the two women run out the 
gate and to the middle of the main yard--and stop.  Whew!  For a 
minute there he thought he'd done something again.  Kiyone had given 
him a nice long kiss at the Mean-Mihoshi-mesmerism-mess's happy 
conclusion...but you never knew with her.

"What's up?  What are they doing?" Tris asked.

"I'll bet they have a call!  A case!  They're going into space to 
check it out."  Tenchi seemed excited and happy for the two women.

"All right!"  Tris had long wanted to see Kiyone's and Mihoshi's 
Galaxy Police starship, the one they called Yogami.  He ran toward 
them, as did Tenchi.

Mihoshi smiled at Tenchi and Tris as they came up to her and Kiyone.  
Kiyone had just used her left red ball-shaped earring (actual GP 
issue for female officers that Mihoshi refused wear because she 
thought it was too heavy) to signal their Galaxy Police cruiser to 
leave Earth's orbit (out of sight of terrestrial satellites of 
course) and to cruise down to them.  Kiyone smiled at Tenchi.  She 
gave a special smile to Tris.

"Like I told you, Tris, I like your wheels...now you can check mine 
out!"

Suddenly a huge shadow enveloped the small group.  Tris looked upward.  
He gulped.

A large, capable-looking craft was hovering above them.  Tris gawped 
at it.  It seemed all shapely fuselage, but spouted sharp fins as 
well.  In addition, several banks of paired and purposeful wings 
(resembling, somewhat, those of a World War One biplane) protruded 
from amidships, obviously designed for flight in atmospheric 
conditions.  The vessel looked big enough to accommodate the entire 
Masaki house and actually had at one time, according to Tenchi.  Tris 
whistled.  Holey Moley--a real interplanetary spaceship!  He was 
actually seeing one!  Then he noticed its color.

"Hey!" he exclaimed.  "It's the same color as--"

"--as your Mustang!  Right!" Kiyone finished for him, obviously 
pleased that he noticed.

"Is it that deja vu thingy, Tris?" Mihoshi asked.

"Close enough," Tris said, surveying the starship that hovered above 
them.  "That is one cool ride and no doubt about it!"

"You should go for a long trip in it sometime," Tenchi told him, 
grinning.  "Like all of us, even Dad, did that time I told you about.  
Just bring plenty of food along!"

"That'd be great!  Fat chance of that happening, though," Tris 
admitted.

"See you!"  Kiyone waved.  Mihoshi waved, too.

"Hey, how do you get aboard?" Tris asked.

"Transport beam," Kiyone explained briefly.  "It's the latest 
upgrade.  We just had it installed.  Watch."

"Transport beam?  It doesn't scramble your atoms and reassemble them 
on board, does it?" Tris asked, half humorously, half seriously.

"No!  That's crazy, Tris," Kiyone snapped at him.

"Doctor McCoy would agree with you..." Tris murmured.

Suddenly, twin beams of dazzling incandescence spouted from the 
ship's undercarriage.  The beams covered Mihoshi and Kiyone.  
Quickly, their trim figures left the ground and rose up toward the 
ship, although there appeared to be nothing holding up their bodies.  
Their rising forms reached the underbelly of the Yogami and then 
disappeared.  The light blinked out.

"Man!"  Tris shook his head.  "Gene Roddenberry, call your office!"

"Tris," Tenchi said, shaking his head, "you have watched 'way too 
much TV in your young life.  'Way too much!"

"I have not," Tris said.  "And stop talking like Mr. Rogers!"



Once aboard the Yogami, Mihoshi and Kiyone quickly changed into their 
Galaxy Police uniforms.  That is, Kiyone did.  Mihoshi had difficulty 
with the regulation tie, as always.  Kiyone impatiently told her to 
let it go.  Kiyone didn't even bother putting on her fingerless 
pilot's gloves.  She was dying to see what had triggered the alert.

Reaching the CAC (Command And Control) center, more traditionally 
known as the ship's bridge, Kiyone saw that both her and Mihoshi's 
comm panels was glowing amber on the main console.  Sure enough.  A 
message was waiting for them.  She slid into her pilot seat and 
punched the message up.  Mihoshi sat down beside her in her co-pilot's 
seat.

"What is it, Kiyone?" asked Mihoshi as her partner read the scrolling 
electronic printout.

"It's not a speeder or someone with a snootful this time!" Kiyone said 
gleefully.  "It's a POS, an expensive cruiser, traveling without an 
authorized recognition beacon for this sector--and it's also running a 
serpentine pattern!  Trying to dodge the nav buoys, no doubt!  Also, 
it's in this backwater..."  Kiyone's face flushed with excitement as 
another notice scrolled up on her comm panel.  "Mihoshi--this ship is 
definitely stolen!  The report just came in.  The owner identified 
her!"

"Gosh!"  Mihoshi was excited, too.  "We've never run across anything 
like this before!"

"That's right!  This is a live one!  Quick, Mihoshi--get us into space 
proper."

"Right!"

Mihoshi's nimble fingers flew over the navigational control panel.  
With but the slightest of tangible jars—-Mihoshi was at her best, 
Kiyone noted—-the ship left Earth's gravitational field in seconds.  
The sleek red police cruiser entered outer space, with full thrusters 
blazing.  Meanwhile, Kiyone was busy with her own task.

"There!"  Kiyone sat back.  "I've just entered the last known 
coordinates of that ship.  It's pretty close to us."  The teal-haired 
Detective First Class smiled at her partner.  "This may be it, 
Mihoshi!  A high-profile case.  Our chance to get back in everyone's 
good graces--and get back to Headquarters."

"Think so?" Mihoshi queried, glancing up from the nav instrument 
cluster she had been studying.  Kiyone was so fast!  They were locked 
on a bearing, all right.  They'd reach it in no time at the speed they 
were travelling.  

"Figure it out partner.  All those clues...what do they add up to?"

"Someone who is where they shouldn't be?" Mihoshi ventured.

"More than that!  Much more.  Think, Mihoshi!  Private ship, stolen, 
trying to dodge detection. Taking refuge in the middle of nowhere..."

"This isn't nowhere.  This is our home, Kiyone," Mihoshi pointed out.

"No, it isn't Mihoshi!" Kiyone snapped.  "If this is what I think it 
is, we may soon be living back in our real home--our apartments at 
the Compound—-and working at a real job--Headquarters staff."

Mihoshi didn't share Kiyone's feelings.  But, instead of arguing, she 
asked, "What do you think that ship is doing out here, Kiyone?"

"Smuggling!  No doubt of it.  It fits the classic profile, Mihoshi.  
Steal an expensive private cruiser that no one would believe contained 
anything but some fat cats and their rich friends, fill it full of 
contraband, and sneaky Pete around in the hinterlands to drop off the 
loot to a dealer, who stashes it on some planetoid.  It's slick."  
Kiyone smiled dangerously.  "But we're slicker!"

"We sure are!" Mihoshi agreed.  She had caught her partner's 
excitement.

"Those smugglers probably don't even know that there's a GP patrol 
unit stationed this far out," Kiyone added.  "Boy, are we going to 
ruin their day!"

"But...if they're so slick, Kiyone, wouldn't they know that?" Mihoshi 
queried.  

Kiyone's reply was cut off by the nav indicator panel that began to 
blink a scarlet hue.  The ship's fully splayed scanner beams had 
picked up the errant spacecraft.  Immediately, heads-up displays 
opened before Kiyone and Mihoshi's eyes.  The ship they sought was 
now in plain view.  It was a rich person's toy all right, one of the 
new Valturan-class luxury cruisers.

"Dead ahead!" Kiyone said.  "We've got them!"

Mihoshi efficiently punched up a powerful and unbreakable comm link 
that she directed into the other spacecraft.  The link, used only by 
the Galaxy Police (by law), locked into a ship's communications 
system and overrid all broadcasts from it.  Only communications to 
and from the GP cruiser were enabled for the ship so affected.

"Mandatory comm link established and locked on," Mihoshi reported.  
She pointed to a small grilled aperture between them.  "That 
transmitter, Kiyone."

"Thanks...you're doing super, partner."

Mihoshi blushed with pleasure.  She thought of how everyone had made 
such a fuss over her earlier that day—-even Ryoko—-and Kiyone had 
even hugged her.  This was the best day she could remember in a long 
time.  And now they were about to catch a smuggler!

Kiyone brushed her dark teal hair back under her brimless official 
cap.  She leaned forward a bit and spoke into the transmitter:

"This is the Galaxy Police.  This is official business.  You are not 
authorized to be in this sector.  Shut down your engines and prepare 
to be boarded."



In the luxury cruiser, Viatrix Qe'ent and Beah Vetrah were a pair of 
very sick-looking teenaged girls.

"The cops!"  Beah, true to form, was waffling immediately.  "I'll be 
grounded forever--or at least until school starts again!"

"Shut up!"  Viatrix tried furiously to think.  Could she explain away 
their presence?  No.  Those cops would check with the ship's owner.  
And if Daddy found out...it wasn't worth thinking about.  Desperation 
seized her.

"We're getting outta here!"

"Outrun the GP?  Viatrix!  No!"  Beah began to blubber.

"I said, shut up!  You were right the first time.  We're dead if we 
get caught—-"

Their communication panel glowed and the voice of that lady cop 
filled the cockpit again.  "You are required to respond!  We are 
preparing to board you.  Tell us—-"

"I'll tell you nothing, witch!"  Viatrix shouted.  She snapped off 
the comm console and looked at the navcom.  She hadn't had much luck 
with it.  Maybe she would have better luck with it now.  This new 
cruiser was fast.  Daddy bragged about it all the time.  It might 
even outrun that GP bucket.

Again, young Viatrix made a fateful decision.  Her beringed fingers 
flew over the navcom's buttons frenziedly, jewels sparking as she 
did.  This time she pressed touchpads she hadn't pressed before, 
just in case they did something. 

They did something, all right.  Suddenly, the POS lurched and 
shuddered—-then it began to surge forward, as the brand spanking new 
dyna-thrusters (her Daddy's pride and joy, after Viatrix) fired up.

"We're moving!"  Beah sniffled.  "Gee—-we're going so fast!"

"We're getting away—-oof!"  Viatrix now smacked against her best 
friend, as the cockpit rotated upwards at a crazy angle.

The ship's navcom, inputted with conflicting coordinates, was 
changing the cruiser's direction constantly, causing it to dart 
hither and yon at blinding speed—-but, at least, away from the GP 
ship.



Back on the Yogami, the two Galaxy Police officers watched the 
other ship's antics with consternation.

"They're getting away!" Mihoshi cried.

"The hell they are!"  Fury filled Kiyone.  Attempted escape was 
futile and pointless and always raised her blood pressure.  "Lock on 
the tractor beams."

"Can't.  The ship is too far out of range for that," Mihoshi 
reported, eyes glued to the indicators.

"What--?"

Kiyone now read the indicators, too.  That little ship was fast—-
amazingly fast—-what the hell--?  Then Kiyone knew and the knowledge 
infuriated her.  That ship was the latest design, fitted with dyna-
thrusters, no doubt.  They shouldn't sell such advanced propulsion 
technology to civilian spacecraft manufacturers.  It was damned 
stupid!  Well, never mind about that.  That smuggler—-Kiyone was 
convinced of it now; who else was desperate and reckless enough to 
try to run from a GP ship?--wasn't going to get away.

Kiyone proceeded to step two, as laid down by the Galaxy Police Field 
Officer's Manual of Instructions.

"We're going to fire a warning shot across that ship's bow, Mihoshi."  
Kiyone's face was grim.  This could spark a firefight, but she was 
ready.  She was even, perhaps, a little eager for it.  "Since they 
refused to respond to our call, maybe this will get their attention!"

Mihoshi looked worried.  That little ship was darting about like a 
headless chicken, going in all sorts of directions, entirely 
randomly...going nowhere, fast.  Perhaps it would just run out of 
fuel.  Then there'd be no need to shoot at it.

"Kiyone—-" she began.

Kiyone sensed what her partner was going to say.  "That ship has 
dyna-thrusters, Mihoshi.  It could reach a populated planet before we 
caught up to it.  Then we'd still have to stop it, maybe even fight 
it.  Innocent civilians might get hurt.  We need to stop it now!"

Mihoshi fell silent.  She still looked worried.  

Besides, Kiyone thought, another GP ship would have to be called in 
to assist in any chase scenario—-that was according to GP regulations.  
That meant share the credit.  No way!

Kiyone did not realize it then, but she was reverting to the same 
precipitous behavior that contributed to her demotion in the first 
place.  It would serve her no better this time.

"You will immediately cease and desist!" Kiyone shouted into the 
transmitter.  "If you do not shut down in ten seconds, we will open 
fire!"

Again, no reply came from the suspect vessel.  It continued on its 
rapid, erratic course.

Kiyone activated the fire control computer with practiced skill, 
rapidly locked onto the target, then factored in a few degrees just 
beyond it...close enough to give those smugglers something to think 
about.  That was not standard Galaxy Police practice.  Warning shots 
were usually fired at least ten degrees of lateral difference from 
the suspect vessel.  But Kiyone was mad at the smugglers and wanted 
to really intimidate them.  It would prove to be a costly mistake.

Outside the red Galaxy Police ship, a quasar-beam cannon lowered from 
the vessel's underbelly and swiveled into position.  Its individual 
barrels protruded into full extension.  The GP's latest weaponry had 
earned the name of "quasar" due to its enormous destructive force.  
Quasars represent giant black holes at the center of galaxies.  They 
emit incredible energy--some 10 trillion times the energy of the 
sun—-due to the protean force released by matter falling into black 
holes.  The cannons themselves compressed simple molecules such as 
hydrogen to an enormous degree, with the resulting blast of energy 
capable of disabling even a Juraian Achika-class space galleon.

At the fire control computer, Kiyone saw that the suspect ship kept 
zigging and zagging, almost faster than the eye could follow it.  
Useless!  Even so, the suspect ship seemed determined to get away.  
And Detective First Class Kiyone Makibi was determined to stop it.

Kiyone re-adjusted her aiming coordinates and glanced at the onboard 
chronograph.  Time was up!  She punched the firing touchpad.

Beneath the Yogami, the quasar-beam cannon jolted out an eye-
piercingly bright, white-hot beam.  The beam radiated into the exact 
empty parsec of space Kiyone had aimed it at.

Unfortunately, at the same time inside the luxury cruiser, Viatrix's 
fingers were frantically punching the navcom control's touchpads 
practically to ruins—-she was seized with desperate fear.  The POS 
made a near-impossible reversal in course, throwing both girls from 
their seats with a sickening lurch--and shunting right into the 
path of the quasar beam--

"No!" Mihoshi cried.

"Damn it to hell!" Kiyone cursed.

There was a quick flash as the quasar beam impacted the rear of the 
cruiser.  Another blinding flash resulted.  The cruiser immediately 
stopped.  It floated in space, dead.  Its engines were flamed out and 
its inner thruster reactor components were fused into a solid mass.  
The expensive dyna-thrusters were a hunk of modern art now, for all 
practical purposes.

"We...we hit it..." Mihoshi said with agonized disbelief.

Kiyone groaned inwardly, but kept a calm outward demaonor.  She felt 
no better about it than Mihoshi, but this was no time for breast-
beating.

"We fired a warning shot by the book, and that ship just blundered 
into it.  The fire control and nav logs will back us up, Mihoshi.  
What we need to do now is to board that ship.  Let's get our sidearms 
and move!"



At about that time, back on Earth, Tenchi was also issuing 
instructions to his partner.

"Well Tris, we'd better get a few more licks in before dinner," he 
said.

"Yeah..."  Tris was still looking up, where Mihoshi and Kiyone's ship 
had disappeared--in the twinkling of an eye.  

"Something wrong?"

"No."  Tris shrugged.  "Yeah, let's go back and chop more grass."

He walked back to the pathway he had been trimming...not exactly 
appearing chipper.

Watching him, Tenchi thought he knew why his friend seemed a bit 
down.  It was one thing for Tris to know Mihoshi and Kiyone—
especially Kiyone—-in the familiarity of the Masaki home, two 
attractive young women who seemed very much like himself.  But now he 
had seen that they were much more...they were aliens from distant 
planets, commissioned officers in an elite space police force that 
patrolled the galaxy, important figures in a world that was as remote 
to Tris as the very stars themselves.

Tenchi had tried to warn Tris than Kiyone's time on Earth was 
entirely governed by how long it took for her to gain her rank back 
or at least maneuver an assignment to a better duty location than the 
solar system—-and no longer.  That last time, after the battle with 
Kagato, Kiyone had not wasted a moment in leaving them for GP 
Headquarters, dragging a tearful Mihoshi with her.  She would do the 
same again when the opportunity arose.  A light romance on the side 
was one thing, but her career was paramount.

Well, maybe Tris would understand now, Tenchi hoped.  It was an awful 
shame though.  In a way, those two lonely souls needed each other.  
Well, it was none of his business...yeah, right... 

Tenchi shrugged and walked back to his own chores.  When he reached 
the lawn mower, he was surprised to find Ayeka standing there, waiting 
for him.



Tenchi was not nearly as surprised, however, as Kiyone and Mihoshi 
were after entering the stricken cruiser.

Using the Penetrator, the GP's force-entry collapsible tunnel that 
they extended from the Yogami into the cruiser, they had entered the 
vessel.  They purposely had entered in the area identified by their 
records as that particular model of cruiser's main gantryway.  Upon 
reaching the narrow gantryway, they had drawn their hand blasters and 
walked toward the ship's cockpit.  They had not bothered with opening 
the closed cockpit doors.  Instead, Kiyone had nuked the doors' 
control panel with her blaster and then kicked the doors open, 
angrily.  Behind her, Mihoshi had winced, but got into position.  She 
and Kiyone had then sprung into the cockpit, blasters ready-—

--to find two teenaged girls, one blubbering, the other staring at 
them defiantly.

"You wrecked Daddy's ship!" the non-blubberer (Viatrix) yelled at 
them.  "He paid a lot for it.  Look at my dress—-it's ruined!  Daddy's 
going to have your badges!"

Kiyone and Mihoshi stood frozen with shocked disbelief.  The smugglers 
were a couple of kids?

No, no, no--!  Kiyone groaned inwardly as the full force of this new 
disaster hit her.  No...it can't be...no us...not me...not again!

"They're just girls," Mihoshi noted.  "They don't look like smugglers 
to me, Kiyone."

"Smugglers!"  Viatrix found new courage in the ridiculous charge.  
These two lady cops were clowns!  She decided to take the offensive. 

"Listen, Mop Head," she said, addressing Mihoshi and her hairdo, "I'm 
the daughter of the most powerful man on Souiis!"  (Viatrix was 
exaggerating here, but not by much.)  "I'm no girl!  I'm a woman!  I 
have a boyfriend...well almost!"

"Yes, and he goes to the High Academy, too!"  Beah had finally stopped 
crying.  "My Daddy is very powerful also.  So there!"  She stuck out 
her tongue.

"It can't be..." Kiyone muttered.  She lowered her blaster.  Mihoshi 
followed suit.

"Yes it can, Split Ends," Viatrix said nastily.  (To Viatrix, un-chic 
hairstyles such as the two GP officers wore were a worse offense than 
smuggling.)  "You've really messed up this time."  She was displaying 
the personable style that had sent several of her private tutors and 
governesses into early retirement or other careers.

"Watch your mouth," Kiyone told her.  "We're Galaxy Police Officers.  
I am Detective First Class Makibi and this is Detective First Class 
Kuramitsu."

"Big deal!  I'm Viatrix and this is Beah.  And you two cops are 
Detectives No Class!"

"I said, watch your mouth!  You will show us the proper respect!"

"Respect?  Hah!  For a couple of loser cops who patrol the boondocks?"  
Viatrix had a talent for hitting raw nerves dead center.  She saw that 
both of the lady cops' faces had blushed scarlet, momentarily.  Bull's 
eye!

"You're under arrest for traveling without authorization into a 
restricted area.  You might chew on that for a moment."  Kiyone 
maintained control of herself, although she quaked within at the 
thought of how this would all look at Headquarters. 

Viatrix seemed to quail for a moment, but recovered quickly.  "My 
Daddy will get us off.  He knows the High Commissioner of the GP 
Civilian Advisory Board, personally."

Kiyone groaned inwardly.  If that were true...the High Commissioner 
had great influence in the GP; he was nearly as powerful as the Grand 
Marshall himself.  Her stomach now got that queasy feeling of 
impending doom.  Her stomach was rarely wrong.

"Besides, you shot our ship!  For no reason!" Viatrix charged.

"You attempted flight!" Kiyone returned the volley.

"The ship's navcom went unglued.  I couldn't control it."  Viatrix 
clearly had her story already in place.  She'd had plenty of practice 
in that arena, Kiyone suspected.  "You shot us with no reason, Split 
Ends!  We were just out of control, needing help—-and you sure helped 
us!"

"Yeah--you could have killed us!" Beah added. 

Kiyone was beginning to boil inside with anger and frustration.  She 
refused to believe the brats' tale.  She also refused to believe that 
she had anything like split ends.  She spent about as much time on 
her hair as Mihoshi spent on hers, and that was considerable.  But she 
controlled herself again, somehow.  Those two little brats weren't 
going to provoke her into saying something she'd regret later.  

"You two are under arrest, I said.  You are both in custody now.  
Showing disrespect to a Galaxy Police officer is an offense and you 
will be so charged if you keep displaying such discourtesy.  I won't 
warn you again!"

"Charge away, Detective Split Ends," Viatrix said.  Beah stuck her 
tongue out again.  She never wasted words when a gesture would do.

"Very well."  Kiyone reached into a pocket and brought out her GP 
transcriber-recorder.  "First, I must take down your particulars—-
your full names and addresses and so on, so we can notify your 
parents."

The two girls looked at each other.

"We can't stay here!" Viatrix insisted.  "Your shot knocked out our 
engine and our power supply, too.  Our battery power won't last long 
and our life-support system will go out and we'll die!"  Viatrix 
obviously knew something about ships...just nothing about navigation.

"We'll take you aboard our ship when I finish with this!" Kiyone 
rapped.  "Then we'll take you to the area GP Command Post.  There, 
you'll be charged."

"Hah!"

Kiyone turned at Mihoshi, who had been staring at the two girls with 
incredulity.  "Detective Kuramitsu...please go back to Yogami and 
report this to Headquarters while I get their particulars."

"Yes, Detective Makibi."  With a last dubious look at the two little 
monsters, Mihoshi left.



"You didn't need to come out here, Ayeka," Tenchi told her.  They 
both stood facing each other on the lawn.  "I was coming in pretty 
soon, anyway."

"I wanted to talk to you alone, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said quietly.

Tenchi looked at the Juraian Princess with some consternation.  
Ayeka's pretty, patrician features were a bit pinched.  Her ruby eyes 
seemed woeful.  She was clearly upset about something.

"Okay, Ayeka.  Is something wrong?"

Ayeka lowered her eyes.  "I have a confession to make to you, Lord 
Tenchi."

"Yes, Ayeka?"

She took in a deep breath, and then let it out.  Why was it so hard 
to talk to the man she loved so much?  She plunged ahead.  "Sasami 
was not the one who screamed the other night and woke the house.  It 
was me, Lord Tenchi."

"Ayeka...!"  Tenchi was astonished.

"I know...I know.  I allowed my little sister, my loyal little sister, 
to lie for me.  Oh, I am ashamed--so ashamed!"

Ayeka lowered her head.

"But why, Ayeka?"

"My stupid, useless, senseless pride!  I did not want to admit that I 
have been plagued with horrible nightmares for a span of time now.  
Sasami has been helping me keep silent about them.  The little dear 
has been covering up for me.  Now we have involved your friend, 
Tristram."

"I see.  You had the nightmare.  And since you've already been having 
nightmares, it couldn't have been the movie."  Tenchi understood now.  
Tris had really taken a bum rap--and because of Ayeka, of all people.  

"No, no, it was not the movie, Lord Tenchi.  I had the same exact 
nightmares before as a child.  They have simply recurred.  That means 
they will go away eventually.  That is why I have not mentioned them.  
But when poor Tristram got blamed...and Sasami lied for me...and 
today, when I saw Tristram own up to his own mistake with Mihoshi...I 
thought about what I had done.  Suddenly, I could not stand myself."

Her voice was choked with heavy emotion.  Her body quivered.  Tenchi 
touched her chin with his fingers and slowly raised her head.  Tears 
streamed down Ayeka's cheeks, tears of remorse.  Her lovely eyes were 
like liquid rubies, tearful and repentant.

"But Ayeka, you should have told us about the nightmares.  We would 
have understood.  We would have been aware of them, at least.  Maybe 
we could have helped."

"Only time will help with the dreams, as it did before.  But I could 
not stand it...if you thought something was wrong with me, Lord 
Tenchi.  I simply love you too much to risk losing you by allowing 
myself to look weak and unfit in your eyes."

Tenchi shook his head.  "The only thing wrong with you, Ayeka, is 
that pride you mentioned.  I understand it, though.  Your dignity, 
your position--all of that makes you prideful.  But it is the fact 
that you are so thoughtful and caring and sympathetic...that's what 
makes you a true princess, Ayeka.  To me, anyway."

More tears followed the first down Ayeka's cheeks.  "I would rather 
be your princess here on Earth, Lord Tenchi...than the First Princess 
of Jurai.  I mean that with all my heart."

Tenchi smiled fondly.  He took out his handkerchief and dried away 
Ayeka's tears.

"But you are First Princess of Jurai, Ayeka.  And your people would 
have it no other way.  And neither would I." 

"Really, Lord Tenchi?"

"Really, Ayeka."

"You are too forgiving and good.  I don't deserve you.  I should—-" 
her voice quavered.

"You should go over to Tris and apologize to him.  He won't say 
anything about it to anyone else.  Only we four will know.  That's 
enough."

"You...you will not inform Lord Yosho?"

Tenchi shook his head.  "No.  Grandfather would see this as a private 
matter between ourselves.  We should handle it ourselves."  He smiled.  
"Just like when you girls resolved that argument the other night."

Ayeka slowly nodded.  She visibly composed herself.  "May I borrow 
your handkerchief, Lord Tenchi?"

Tenchi handed it to her.  She finished repairing her face with it.

"Ayeka...I'm kind of worried about those nightmares.  Are you sure 
they'll just go away?"

"I am certain, Lord Tenchi.  They did before."  Ayeka handed Tenchi 
back his handkerchief.

"Okay.  But if they don't go away soon, we'll need to do something.  
Maybe Washuu could find a way to help."  Tenchi grinned.  "Of course, 
I don't recommend using that Dream Machine again!"

Tenchi's levity made Ayeka laugh softly.  "Oh, no!  I love Sasami, 
but I simply could not endure Pretty Sammy again!"

They both laughed briefly.  The air had cleared.

"Guess I'd better get back to work," Tenchi said. 

"Yes."  Ayeka looked resolute.  "I think I shall have a talk with 
Tristram now.  I shall see you again at dinner, Lord Tenchi." 

"See you then."

He watched the elegantly gowned figure of Princess Ayeka, moving 
slowly, but with grace, walk to where Tris was bent over trimming 
grass.  He saw her speak to him, saw him rise.  They conversed for a 
few minutes.  Then Tris stuck out his hand, and Ayeka took it.  
Tenchi smiled.  



At that moment, Kiyone was most definitely not smiling.  In fact she 
was ready to curse again, but held her temper in check.  It took a 
monumental effort.

She had taken down the two girls' particulars for the official record 
and then talked with Mihoshi via her communicator.  Mihoshi had 
already notified a salvage crew at the area GP Command Post to come 
and collect the damaged cruiser.  She had also reported their capture 
of the stolen POS and its occupants to Headquarters.  Kiyone had then 
escorted the two teen girls through the intrusion tunnel and back into 
the police starship.  Mihoshi would retract the tunnel once she knew 
they were aboard.

When Kiyone and the girls had entered the Yogami, Kiyone first brought 
them to the small brig designed for holding prisoners.  But they had 
kicked up such a fuss that she finally put them in the ship's 
recreation room where they could at least listen to music and watch 
entertainment media.  With great relief, Kiyone left them there and 
returned to the ship's bridge.  The sooner she got those two little 
horrors off her hands, the better.

Upon entering the bridge, Kiyone greeted Mihoshi, but her partner only 
looked at her silently.  Mihoshi's face seemed drawn with concern.  
Uh-oh.

"You retracted the tunnel okay?" Kiyone asked her.  Sometimes the 
bargain basement Penetrator tunnel malfunctioned, thanks to the 
lowest-bid mentality of the GP contracting branch.  Mihoshi just 
nodded her head.

"Well, what is it, then?" Kiyone demanded.

"Kiyone," Mihoshi said, her voice sounding strained.  "You are to 
contact GP Headquarters immediately."

Double uh-oh!  Kiyone knew a bad portent when she encountered one.  
Wordlessly, she slipped into her seat and punched up GP Headquarters 
on the comm panel.

On her viewscreen, a face appeared.  Kiyone was relieved at first to 
see that it was the hearty and hirsute features of Chief Tor Bodai.  
He was Chief of Patrol for several regions, including the region 
containing Kiyone and Mihoshi's sector.  He was also the former Chief 
Instructor at the Galaxy Police Academy where Kiyone had been one of 
his favorite cadets.  Usually, she had to deal with regular GP 
Headquarters staff officers who did little to hide their contempt for 
her and Mihoshi from their expressions and verbal tones, although 
they never strayed beyond official communications.

Then Kiyone realized how unusual it was for Chief Bodai, who was many 
layers above her in the bureaucracy, to inquire directly into a case 
so early in its inception.  Another bad portent.

"Yes, Chief?"

"Detective Makibi," and Chief Bodai's voice was sympathetic.  She 
steeled herself.  "We have a situation here."

"What is it, Chief?"

"It seems that news of your...arrest...has reached the ears of both 
the girls' parents.  One of those parents, who owns the POS, a 
certain Kagal Qe'ent, is a close friend and confidant of our High 
Commissioner.  Evidently, and this is off the record, Detective, this 
man worked quickly after he was first notified about his stolen 
cruiser.  He discovered that his daughter must have taken it.  At any 
rate, Detective, the High Commissioner is now involved."

Ye gods!  A politician involved in the case!  Kiyone prepared for the 
worst.  It came.

"I must tell you that the story of your vessel firing upon and 
hitting a Privately Owned Ship containing two teenaged girls has not 
set well here.  I know you acted properly and your ship's logs will 
back you up.  However, the appearance of the situation is a negative 
one.  I cannot say how things will turn out, but even if you are 
technically correct, Detective, you and your partner's judgment will 
likely be questioned at the highest levels."

Kiyone listened to the Chief's words numbly.  This was a nightmare.  
It was like a replay of that disastrous manhunt that had gotten her 
and Mihoshi busted back to Detective First Class.  The highest levels.  
That meant the Grand Marshall, Mihoshi's grandfather.  The very man 
who could not afford to show either Kiyone or his granddaughter the 
slightest bit of consideration.  

"They broke several laws, Chief."  Kiyone's voice was neutral but her 
blue eyes mirrored her inner turmoil. 

"Yes, but the girls are still minors, Detective.  Naturally, the 
father will not bring charges against them, and a navigational data 
dump could account both for their presence in the restricted area and 
their alleged attempt to escape pursuit.  That's why the situation is 
so delicate."

"Yes, Chief."  That little bitch Viatrix had called it right!  
Malfunctioning equipment would serve as an alibi for the brats.  

"However...there might be a way to ameliorate the situation somewhat," 
Chief Bodai said with a bit more animation.  "The girl's father has 
asked for permission to come and pick up his daughter and her friend 
personally, rather than having them transported to a GP Command Post.  
His concern is understandable.  Their appearance at a GP facility 
would get around and might damage their reputations."

Oh, of course...and we wouldn't want to inconvenience the little 
dears...oh, no.  Kiyone sat and just listened as a dull ache filled 
her stomach.  Suddenly she hated her job, hated the Galaxy Police, 
hated those brats...and she was beginning to hate herself, too.  She 
could do nothing right and once again her career was in the toilet.  
For two lousy Jurais, she'd shut off the viewscreen, dump the brats 
off at the Command Post, and resign...well, no, she wouldn't.  But it 
was tempting.

Seeing her partner's shoulders shaking, ever so slightly, Mihoshi 
reached under the console and gently grasped Kiyone's hand.  The news 
had hit her hard enough, but to her partner, Mihoshi knew, it was a 
body blow.  Mihoshi's heart ached for Kiyone.

She felt Kiyone grasp her hand and saw her shoulders stop shaking.  
Thank goodness!

"So..." Chief Bodai continued.  "It would greatly aid in defusing the 
situation if you could quarter the girls in a comfortable place for a 
few days.  It will take that long for the father to arrange transport.  
By a comfortable place, Detective, I do not mean your ship.  I mean, 
rather, the quarters you maintain on the planet Earth.  That show of 
goodwill and a willingness to cooperate will go far with the High 
Commissioner, I am certain.  It might persuade him not to formally 
approach the Grand Marshall.  Do you understand, Detective?"

Kiyone did understand.  Chief Bodai was going out on a limb to suggest 
this method of mitigating the situation.  He could simply have told 
her and Mihoshi to bring the girls to the area Command Post and let 
them suffer the fallout.  Chief Bodai was the same old darling he had 
been at the Academy.  Kiyone was grateful, although the unfairness of 
it all—-and the potential further damage to her career—-made her want 
to scream.

"Yes, Chief.  I get you."

"I thought you would, Detective.  You are an intelligent and competent 
officer.  Of course, you must make certain that their stay at your 
quarters is pleasant and...uncontroversial."

In other words, Kiyone silently translated, treat the brats like 
royalty and allow no further incidents to occur, including not 
arousing any notice from the authorities on Earth.  It was a tall 
order.

"Yes, Chief," Kiyone responded neutrally.

"Very well.  You will be contacted when the parent's transport vessel 
is in your sector.  Until then, you are excused from regular patrol 
duties.  Chief Bodai out."

The viewscreen went blank.

With a moan, Kiyone laid her head on the console.  She kept it there 
for a while.  Mihoshi continued to hold her hand.

Then Kiyone sat up, slipped her hand from Mihoshi's, and squared her 
shoulders.

"All right," she said briskly,  "I have the two brats—-I suppose I 
should stop calling them that—-in the rec room.  I'll go tell them, 
and--"

"Kiyone...where are we going to take them?"

"To our quarters on--"  Kiyone stopped.  What quarters?

"Chief Bodai and everybody else at Headquarters think we still have 
that apartment in the city we had to give up!" Mihoshi reminded her.  
"They don't know we're living with an Earth family...and who else 
we're living with!"  She meant Ryoko, of course, although Washuu was a 
liability as well.

"Damn!"  Kiyone had forgotten that little vital fact while she had 
just sat there and listened to Chief Bodai and kept saying yes like a 
dummy.

"What will we do?" Mihoshi asked.  "If we take the girls to the 
Command Post..."

Kiyone laughed bitterly.  "After the Chief went to all that trouble 
to help us?  How would we explain why we couldn't take those pests to 
Earth?  We might as well just turn in our badges as do that!"

"But if we take them to Tenchi's--there's so many there now.  And if 
Ryoko says the wrong thing to the girls--or Washuu--and the girls 
find out who they really are--"

"Washuu won't.  Ryoko won't either, once she knows the score.  We can 
count on them, Mihoshi...all of them."  Kiyone suddenly thought of 
Tris.  How she wanted to be with him, right now!

"You mean, we're going to take them to Tenchi's?"

"Do we have a choice?  Doing anything else means another reprimand 
and probable dismissal.  We may be able to pull it off.  We can try, 
anyway."

"Yes, Kiyone."  Mihoshi now smiled at her.  "It'll work out!  It might 
even be fun!"

"Sure," muttered Kiyone.  "If yanking out your own teeth is fun...!"



During dinner in the Masaki home the absence of Mihoshi and Kiyone 
was quite noticeable.  Especially to Tris.  He sat rather alone, not 
being flanked by Mihoshi and Kiyone for once.  Sasami scooted closer 
to him.  Still a lot of empty space, though.  Tenchi's Dad was also 
missing dinner due to more overtime, a fact not lost on his son and 
father-in-law. 

Conversation seemed restrained.  The group appeared to miss the 
presence of the two women, especially bubbly Mihoshi.  They were 
halfway through their meal when Washuu walked into the dining room.

"Hi, Washuu," Tenchi said, surprised and pleased to have her attend a 
meal with them.  The others also greeted her.

Tris patted an empty place beside him.  "Have a seat, Washuu."

"Don't mind if I do."  Washuu sat down on Kiyone's mat next to Tris.  
She smiled at him.  For some reason, despite the hypnotism incident, 
the super scientist really liked him, Tris knew.  

Sasami went to get her a teacup, a bowl, chopsticks, and napkins.  
When she brought them back to Washuu, the great scientist helped 
herself to rice and cabbage rolls.  She munched with enjoyment.

"I received a message from Kiyone on the comm console in my lab.  You 
all better hold onto your seats," she warned.  "This is a doozy!"

"What's up?" Tenchi asked.  Tris leaned toward Washuu, concern 
etching his features.

"Oh, your girlfriend's okay, Tris!  Mihoshi is, too!  They're both 
fit to be tied, though."  Washuu explained the situation and consumed 
cabbage rolls simultaneously.

When she finished (both the tale and the cabbage rolls), the table 
was silent.

Tris shook his head.  Poor Mihoshi--and poor Kiyone!  No one 
deserved such rotten luck, least of all them.  He called how happy 
and pumped up Kiyone had been when she had left.
 
Finally, Ryoko spoke:

"Tris, take off your crown.  Mihoshi and Kiyone are now the royal 
screw-ups around here!"

"Such tender sympathy," Ayeka said to her acidly.

"Hey, I'm sympathetic, Princess.  When I used to blast people's ships 
they held it against me, too.  Imagine that!"

"Ryoko..." Tenchi said.

"Yes, sweetums?"

Tenchi shook his head.

Ryoko made a zipping motion across her lips.  Her eyebrows lifted in 
silent interrogation.  

Tenchi nodded.

Lord Yosho spoke.  "This is most distressing.  I feel for our two 
Detectives.  I also understand their situation.  I feel we can do 
nothing else but offer their charges our hospitality."

"Thanks, Grandfather." Tenchi said.

"Of course, we must.  But how are we to do it?" Ayeka asked.  "Our 
shared bedroom is hardly large enough for the five of us...six, 
counting Miss Washuu here."

"Don't worry about me," Washuu said.  "I'll just keep bunking in my 
lab.  No problem."

"Thanks, Washuu," Tenchi said.

Washuu smiled at him.  "You're welcome."

Sasami said, "Perhaps a few of us could move in with Washuu for a few 
days.  I wouldn't mind."

Both Ayeka and Ryoko looked as if they would mind...considerably.

Washuu resolved that possible point of contention quickly.  "No, 
Sasami, you would mind.  I tend to create a pretty strong atmosphere 
sometimes during my experiments."

"You mean raise a big stink!" Ryoko said.

"Yeah, that's probably a fair description," Washuu admitted.

Ryoko turned to Tenchi.  "I could sleep on the roof like I used to--
or in the rafters."  Ryoko had cut out such free-form sleeping habits 
in her quest to act more "normally" around Tenchi, to prove to him 
that she could succeed as the respectable wife of a Shinto priest.   

"You do already," Ayeka murmured.  "All day..."

Tenchi shook his head.  "That sort of thing won't help.  This is just 
onesies and twosies."

Lord Yosho nodded.  "We need to free up a room.  Thus, I propose 
turning my bedroom over to our new guests.  I could easily share my 
son-in-law's room with him."

Ayeka looked shocked.  "The two heads of the household--forced to 
that?  I protest, with all due respect, Lord Yosho!"

"Yes, Grandfather, I'm not comfortable with that either," Tenchi 
said.  He looked thoughtful.  "I have an idea."  He grinned and 
glanced at Tris.  "Tris...didn't you tell me once you were a Boy 
Scout?"

Tris nodded.  "I have the poison ivy scars to prove it.  I can't show 
them to you in mixed company, of course."

"Okay, wise guy.  Then you should fall right in with my idea."

"Which is?"

"We pitch that old tent we have outside.  We stay there and those 
two girls have my—-our-—room.  The weather's been warm enough for 
camping out."

Tris shrugged.  "All right, but only if I can bring my official Boy 
Scout survival kit."

"What's that?"

"Five bags of chips, two boxes of donuts, and one copy of Playboy."

Tenchi groaned.  "I had to ask!  Well...seriously, are you game?"

"I was born game.  As I've gotten got older I've only gotten gamier."

This time, everyone around the table, with the sole exception of Lord 
Yosho, groaned.

"Just say yes, Tris," Tenchi requested.

"Yes, Tris."

"Okay, problem solved," Tenchi said.

"Wait!  Lord Tenchi!"  Ayeka seemed less than pleased.  "Do you 
seriously propose to sleep outside in some cloth shelter?  Like 
some...primitive?"

"You know," Tris said to Washuu, "it sounds even more fun the way 
Ayeka describes it."

Tenchi said, "Yes I do, Ayeka.  I camped out lots of times when I was 
younger."

"That is true," Lord Yosho said.  "When Tenchi was a boy, he and his 
father and I would spend summer nights in the woodlands in that tent 
he mentioned.  We would sit before a camp fire and talk."  Yosho had 
a faraway look in his eyes.  "Those were wonderful times."

"Yes they were, Grandfather," Tenchi said, remembering those summer 
nights also.

"Tenchi's mother would always surprise us by bringing us some special 
treat," Yosho continued.  "Yes...wonderful times."

Tenchi nodded slowly.  Yes, he remembered that.  They would talk and 
laugh, and then his mother would appear, carrying a basket.  One time, 
she brought them rice cakes.  He remembered it vividly.  His pretty 
mother...her smile...

"The way you describe it, Lord Yosho," Ayeka said softly, "it does 
sound rather special.  I apologize for my remarks."

"There's nothing to apologize for, Princess," Lord Yosho told her.

Sasami smiled sympathetically at her big sister.  For Ayeka, it had 
been a day full of apologizing.

"I'll be happy to bring you boys food," the little Princess told 
Tenchi and Tris.

"Aw, gee," Tris complained.  "And here I was planning to cook sweet 
potatoes, Indian-style."

"Indian style?" Sasami asked.

"Yep.  Wrap 'em in mud, cook 'em for two hours, then go raid a white 
settlement for something to eat," Tris said.

Tenchi turned to Sasami.  "Bring the food, please."

"So you're really going to do it?" Ryoko asked.  "Sleep outside?  
Hmmm."  She had a sly look.  "Perhaps I will go back to sleeping on 
the roof!"

"In which case," Ayeka commented, "we can only hope for rain."

"Good one, Ayeka," Washuu said with a grin.

"Speaking of being on the roof," Tenchi said to Ryoko, "you'll have to 
cut out flying, and passing through walls, and all that.  And you must 
watch what you say to the new houseguests.  Those girls mustn't get a 
clue as to who you are."

"Bummer," said Ryoko.  She then remembered to glare at Ayeka for that 
"rain" crack.

"And that goes for you too, Washuu," Tenchi added.

"No problem.  I'll just keep a low profile around those two."

"Now that I have to see," Ryoko told her.

"You just watch your own p's and q's, Ryoko," Washuu replied testily.

"It makes good sense to give those girls your room," Tris told Tenchi.  
"Of all the bedrooms, your bedroom would probably suit those girls 
more.  And you have that stereo in there.  They can listen to some 
primitive Earth tribal music.  You know, Bach, Beethoven, Five Inch 
Nails..."

Tenchi chuckled.  "Yes, they'll certainly get an education."

"If we're lucky, they'll just play your stereo and watch the TV in 
the living room and eat--if they're anything like my cousins," Tris 
added.

"That would work out great.  Just keep them in the house."  Tenchi 
nodded.

"And from what Kiyone told me, you'll want to keep them in the 
house," Washuu noted.

"These young women are...troublesome?" Lord Yosho inquired.

"They're pure poison, according to Kiyone.  Of course she's just a 
tad prejudiced, but their antics don't exactly recommend them."

"There is something to that, Professor Washuu," Yosho said.  "That 
means we will need to work even harder to make them feel welcome.  
For hospitality's sake, certainly, but also for the sake of our two 
Detectives."

"That's right, Grandfather," Tenchi agreed.

"I don't know...a couple of snotty little girls...sounds like a pain, 
a real pain," Ryoko grumped.

"You heard Lord Yosho and Lord Tenchi," Ayeka told her.

"Oh, I'll go along.  I want to help, too.  But...no flying, no 
walking through walls, no war stories, no fun.  Sheesh!  Sounds like 
the only happy campers around here will be Tenchi and Tris!"



Neither Kiyone nor Mihoshi were happy campers.  Although they were 
relieved to learn from Washuu that the Masaki household was quite 
willing to board the two new guests, they were not so relieved to 
learn once they had arrived back at Earth that they would need to keep 
the two brats in the Yogami for another hour.  That would give Tenchi 
and Tris time to get the tent pitched in the yard and Ryoko and Ayeka 
time to finish setting up the brats' room, formerly Tenchi's and 
Tris's bedroom.  Unfortunately, every extra moment with the brats was 
like extra root canal work.  And Viatrix and Beah were getting antsy.

"How long we gotta wait here, Mop Head?"  Viatrix asked Mihoshi.  She 
and Beah were still in the rec room.  It was Mihoshi's turn to put up 
with them while Kiyone monitored the ship's controls and rested her 
jangled nerves on the bridge.

"A little while longer--and I am not a mop head!"

"Oh, no?  Who does your hair?  That tight-pants partner of yours?" 
Beah asked.

"No.  I do it myself."

Both girls clapped their hands over their mouths and looked at each 
other.  "No excuse!" they said together and broke into malicious 
laughter.

Mihoshi was extremely slow to anger and wanted to like everybody.  
These girls were making that just about impossible.  They hurt her 
feelings and called her names and did not seem to have any respect for 
her uniform.  They really bothered Mihoshi and bewildered her, too.

"What's this crummy planet you're taking us to called again?" Viatrix 
demanded.

"It's called Earth.  It's a nice planet.  You'll like it."

"I'll just bet!"  Viatrix seemed skeptical.  "It isn't even in the 
Galactic Union.  And the Union will take just about any putrid planet.  
This place must really be the pits!"

"It must be," Beah echoed.

"No, it's not.  The people there aren't very advanced in space travel 
and that's why they aren't in the Union," Mihoshi explained patiently.  
"But they are so nice and friendly.  They have lots of fun things to 
do and lovely food.  You'll see."

"It sounds like a real hole.  The people there probably live in caves 
and wear animal skins," Beah speculated.

"No, they don't!"  Mihoshi couldn't believe such negative attitudes.  
"They don't live in caves.  They live in houses...nice houses.  Of 
course, Tris does wear a leather jacket."

"Who's Tris?  That's a dumb name."  Viatrix's lip curled. 

"It is not!  It's a very good name!"  Mihoshi was once more quick to 
defend Tris—-too quick, this time.

"Hah!"  Viatrix, once again aiming for the jugular, had seen the look 
in Mihoshi's eyes at the mention of Tris.  "He's her boyfriend!  
Detective Mop Head has a boyfriend!"

"On that awful old planet?"  Beah shook her raspberry ponytail.  "He 
can't be much!"

Mihoshi blushed scarlet.  "He's not my boyfriend.  He's a very nice 
boy, that's all.  You two don't know anything about him."  

"He won't give you a tumble, huh?"

"What?"  Mihoshi's face flamed with shock.  "How can you say such 
things?  It's so crude...and mean!"

"So Mop Head doesn't have a boyfriend," Viatrix told Beah, who nodded.  
"She just wishes she did.  Some lame Earth guy.  That's feeble!"

Actually, Viatrix had to admit privately, she was in the same boat--
that dreamy older boy who went to the High Academy wouldn't give her 
a tumble, either.  But she was scared and worried and even feeling a 
little guilty...all of which she handled it in the only way she knew 
how—-by being as difficult as possible with authority figures.  
Besides, this Detective Kuramitsu was an easy target.

Mihoshi, her face still flushed, was about to reply to Viatrix's 
comment when she heard Kiyone's voice demand:  "What's going on in 
here?"  

The blonde Galaxy Police officer turned around.  Kiyone was standing 
in the rec room entrance.

Glaring at the two teenaged girls, Kiyone walked into the rec room.  
The peace and quiet on the bridge seemed to have done her a little 
good, but not much.

Before Mihoshi could say anything, Viatrix answered.  "She's been 
telling us all about Earth.  It stinks!"

"I did not say that, Kiyone!" Mihoshi insisted.  "I told them how 
nice it was!"

Kiyone surveyed Viatrix and Beah with weary resignation.  "I'm certain 
you did, Detective Kuramitsu.  Our...guests...should be a little more 
open-minded."  

"Your partner is sure open-minded," Viatrix said cattily.  "She wants 
to date some caveman on that Earth place.  Did you know that?"

"Caveman?"  Kiyone looked confused.

"Yeah, and he even wears animal skins!  That's gross!" Beah chimed in.

"Huh?"  Kiyone looked at Mihoshi.  Mihoshi was blushing.

"His name is Tris!  Tris!  I wouldn't name a cabbit that!"  Viatrix 
laughed gleefully.  Beah joined in. 

Kiyone closed her eyes.  No...no...no...!

"Hey, we thought you already had your nap on the bridge, Split Ends!"

Kiyone opened her eyes.  Her violet blue eyes blazed.

"I'm sorry, Kiyone," Mihoshi said morosely.

"Don't worry about it."  Kiyone turned to the girls.  "I've had just 
about enough of you two.  Keep it up and it's off to jail you go!"

"Yeah--and then I bet it's off the force you go!"

"Right!  Otherwise, we'd be in jail right now!"  Beah was correct, of 
course.  The girls might be plagues but they weren't stupid.

Kiyone looked at her partner, who was blinking back tears.  That tore 
it!  Kiyone would not tolerate anyone abusing Mihoshi.  

"Listen, you two little bitches," Kiyone said in a low, intense voice 
that made Viatrix and Beah start.  "Keep it up...and just for the 
pleasure of tossing you both in jail and having that stigma attached 
to you forever...I'll take whatever happens next!"

That stopped the two girls cold.  They even closed their mouths, which 
was something.

"Now you two stay in here and listen to music or watch programs.  But 
just--shut--up!"

Kiyone turned from them.  She looked at Mihoshi, who in turn regarded 
her with wonderment.

"We'll both go to the bridge this time, partner.  Let's find out 
what's holding things up."



What was holding things up was something that wasn't holding things 
up—-at least, not very well--the old tent's ridge pole.

The aluminum pole had bent and Tris had spent some time trying to 
straighten it.  Finally he had to give it up as a bad job and use it, 
although it was still rather less than straight.  As a result, the 
tent leaned...somewhat drunkenly.

"It is a very old tent, Tristram," Lord Yosho told him, surveying the 
result.  "It is adequate shelter for a few days, I believe."

Tenchi walked into view from around the tent, where he had been 
tightening the guy ropes around the stakes.  "Man...look at it lean."

The two young men had pitched the tent only a few yards away from the 
house so that they would not have to cover too much ground to reach 
one of life's necessities...the toilet.  The elderly tent, a bright 
orange color, still looked rather festive, if one assumed that the 
festivities had gotten a bit out of hand.  Tenchi loved the old tent, 
though.

"Yeah," Tris said.  "The Leaning Tower of Tenchi!"

Tenchi chuckled.  "Don't blame it on me.  You bent the ridge pole, 
bonehead."

"Don't know my own strength."

"What strength?  It's aluminum!"

"It will do," Lord Yosho said.

"Yes, sir," Tris said.  "At least the tent's made of nylon.  Those old 
canvas jobs tend to leak.  And this tent has a floor.  That's good."

"Afraid of laying on grass?" Tenchi egged him.  "What kind of Boy 
Scout were you?"

"One that didn't like bug bites, that's what kind."

"I'm glad you two were able to erect the tent before dark," Yosho told 
them.  The daylight was just beginning to dissolve into twilight.  
"You had better get the futons and the blankets inside.  I will go and 
procure you some lanterns."

"We have flashlights, Grandfather."

"Lanterns will not go amiss."  Lord Yosho left for the temple.

Tenchi and Tris heard the front door slide open.  They looked in that 
direction.  They watched as Ayeka, Ryoko, and Sasami stepped outside 
and walked up to them.

"When are you going to get the tent up?" Ryoko asked.

"It's up," said Tenchi.

"That thing?  Looks like it'll fall any moment!"

"Then it'll still cover us," Tenchi told her.

"Looks like a Tris job to me."  Ryoko grinned.

"Guilty."  Tris grinned back, a little sheepishly.

"Aw, we both put it up," Tenchi said.

"It does not look very solid, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka said, inspecting 
the somewhat sagging structure.  "I shall worry about you and 
Tristram in it."

"We'll be fine, Ayeka," Tenchi said.

Ayeka looked dubious.

"I think it's fun!" Sasami said.  "Living in a tent outdoors!  I'd 
like to do it sometime."

"That's easy, Junior Princess," Ryoko said.  "Just go outside and lay 
under a tree some night.  It'll give you about as much shelter."

Ayeka was about to chastise Ryoko about using that impudent nickname 
again when Washuu's voice sounded from the open front door.  They all 
turned.  The great scientist stood in the doorway, looking a bit 
flushed from hurrying from her lab. 

"Hey out there!  Kiyone wants to know if she can bring our little 
guests in.  I get the impression they're being kind of a handful."

"Are we ready?" Tenchi asked Ryoko and Ayeka.

Ayeka nodded.  "We did out best with your room, Lord Tenchi.  We put 
the prettier pillows and sheets and blankets in the bed and futon.  
Sasami put all her fashion magazines in there, too.  We moved your 
clothing and Tristram's to the closet next to the bath chamber.  I 
believe we are finished."

"The room doesn't look too bad."  Ryoko grinned at Tenchi.  "Of 
course, I've always liked your bedroom, Tenchi...especially the bed."

Ayeka only sniffed, refusing to be drawn.

Tenchi turned to Washuu.  "We're ready, Washuu," he called to her.  
"At least, as ready as we'll ever be!"

"Gotcha."  Washuu disappeared from the doorway.



Amazingly, the two pests kept quiet all the way to the transport beam 
chamber.  Kiyone and Mihoshi sent them to Earth first, then followed 
them down.

Standing now on the lawn of the Masaki homestead, Kiyone's fingers 
manipulated her red earring.  The Yogami slipped back up into the 
sky.  In a moment, the starship had vanished from view.

"Gack!" said Viatrix, surveying the wide lawn and the wooded area 
just beyond.  "This is a jungle!  We'll get eaten by wild animals!"

"I pity the wild animals," Kiyone muttered.

"Hey..." Beah said, staring at Lake Masaki.  "What's a Juraian tree 
doing here?"

"Wouldn't you like to know?" Kiyone muttered.

Ryo-Ohki bounded up to them, happy to see to the two nice beings back 
and curious about the two new beings.

"A cabbit!" Viatrix exclaimed.  "How can they have a cabbit in this 
dump?"

Kiyone didn't say anything.  Neither did Mihoshi.  They both had 
forgotten about Ryo-Ohki.  Inwardly, Kiyone cursed.

Fortunately, Ryo-Ohki quickly saw that no pets or carrots were in the
offing.  The cabbit bounded away.

"It sure is funny seeing a cabbit here," Viatrix muttered.  Beah 
nodded.  They both looked at the two Galaxy Police officers narrowly.

Mihoshi changed the subject.  "Look, Kiyone."  She pointed.  "What's 
that?"

Kiyone looked.  She saw an orange fabric structure that stood--or, 
rather, leaned--next to the house.  It sagged rather sadly.

"Heck if I know."

"We're not going to stay in that!" Viatrix cried.  "I'll tell Daddy!"

"Me, too!" Beah chimed in.

"I'm sure that's not meant for you two...although it's an idea, at 
that," Kiyone gritted.

"Watch it, Split Ends!"

"You watch it.  Remember what I said on the ship?  I can always call 
Yogami back."

The two teen girls fell into a moody silence.

"But what's it for, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked, referring to the orange 
tent.

"Not sure.  But I suspect a wonderful guy and a hopeless idiot are 
behind it!"



Actually, they were in front of it, watching Kiyone, Mihoshi, and the 
two teenaged girls.  Ayeka, Ryoko, and Sasami had already returned to 
the house.

"They look like regular girls, sort of," Tenchi mused.  "Crazy hairdos 
and too much makeup and jewelry, though."

"Yeah, regular little angels," Tris said sarcastically.

"I didn't say that..."

"So that's the Galaxy Police uniform," Tris observed, contemplating 
Mihoshi—-and Kiyone.  "You know, they look kind of like the marching 
band's uniforms from my high school days...the tight jackets and 
pants, the military cut, even those brimless hats.  They ought to 
issue a baton with that uniform."

Tenchi chuckled.  "Don't let them hear you say that—-especially 
Kiyone!  But they do look cute in them, don't they?"

"Yeah...as long as I don't see them in my rearview mirror!"

Now the four females reached them.  The two girls were in front, with 
Mihoshi and Kiyone bringing up the rear.  The girls carried small 
portmanteaus, no doubt containing their personal belongings and 
makeup...lots of makeup to judge from the quantity smeared on their 
faces.  Kiyone and Mihoshi were toting travel bags, which held the 
civilian clothing they had brought on board their ship. 

"Welcome to our home," Tenchi said to Viatrix and Beah, bowing.  "I 
am Tenchi Masaki.  This is my good friend, Tristram Coffin."

Viatrix ignored the bow.  "Tristram?  Tris?"

"That's right," Tris answered, surprised.

The two girls covered their mouths, looked at each other, and giggled 
heartily.

"My reputation precedes me again," Tris said, bemused.  Tenchi just 
shook his head in puzzlement.  

"I'm Viatrix," one of the girls introduced themselves.  "This is my 
friend, Beah.  This place sucks already.  But you guys are kinda 
cute.  And you don't wear animal skins at all, despite what Mop Head 
said."

Neither Tenchi nor Tris knew exactly how to respond to that.

Kiyone and Mihoshi came up.  They seemed vastly relieved to see Tenchi 
and Tris.  Kiyone gave Tris a brief affectionate look.  They all 
exchanged greetings.

"This is a tent, right?" Kiyone asked, referring to the sagging nylon 
shelter.

"Give the lovely lady cop a cigar," Tris said. 

"I'll give you something in a minute, buster," Kiyone promised him.  
But she smiled.  God, it was so good to see him!

"It's so nice to be back, Tenchi and Tris!"  Mihoshi smiled at the 
two young men.  

"Watch her make her play for that guy," Viatrix muttered to Beah.

"What?" Kiyone snapped at them.

"Are we going into that shack or not?  There's bugs out here!" Beah 
demanded.

"There sure are," Tris told her.  He obviously didn't like the 
wonderful Masaki house referred to as a shack.

"Tris...!" Tenchi said warningly.  

"Take them inside, Mihoshi," Kiyone requested tiredly.  "Please."  She 
dropped her travel bag, so that it plopped by her feet.

Mihoshi looked at her.  "Okay."  She picked up Kiyone's bag and shooed 
the less-than-jolly girls toward the front door.

Once the front door had slid shut behind them, Kiyone looked at Tris.  
Tris looked at Kiyone.

Tenchi knew he was now a third wheel on a bicycle built for two.  
"Guess I'll go see where Grandfather is with those lanterns," he 
said.  He left.

"Rough day, Blue Eyes?" Tris asked sympathetically.

"Just hold me," Kiyone said in a tiny voice.

Tris took Kiyone in his arms.  She melted against him.

They stood there, a little while.  Slowly, the day turned into night.



"What is this stuff?" Viatrix demanded, putting down her teacup.

"It's called tea," Sasami told her.  "Don't you like it?"

"It tastes funny."

"Yeah," said Beah.

Viatrix and Beah were seated at the table in the dining room.  They 
were accompanied by Ryoko, Ayeka, Sasami, and even Washuu, who had 
lingered to get a gander at the girls who had already wreaked so much 
havoc.  Mihoshi was upstairs, changing from her uniform. 

"You girls don't have to drink it, you know," Washuu told them.

They drank it anyway.  Viatrix eyed Washuu.  "Who are you?"  Everyone 
had introduced themselves (Ryoko using a fictitious name) except the 
great scientist.

Washuu smiled.  She was not about to give her name to these girls.  
"I'm just an old maiden aunt.  No one important."

Both Viatrix and Beah looked like they believed it...the part about 
not being important, anyway.

"Well, I have some old maiden aunt things to do."  Washuu rose.  "I 
hope you two enjoy your stay."  She left the dining room.

"She doesn't look enough to be anyone's aunt," Beah said, staring 
after Washuu.

"She just hides it well," Ryoko said, with a double meaning.

Ayeka favored Ryoko with a warning glance.  Ryoko shrugged.

"Do you have any more of this tea?" Viatrix asked.

"Yes," said Sasami.  She poured for Viatrix and then for Beah, too, 
when she also stuck out her cup.  Sasami had thought that a couple of 
visiting older girls might be fun, but she wasn't finding Viatrix or 
Beah much fun.  For one thing, they treated her like a servant.

"So you all live here, huh?" Viatrix asked, sipping tea.

Ryoko, Ayeka, and Sasami nodded.

"Why?" Beah demanded.

"Because we like it here," Ryoko told her, a bit impatient with the 
teen girl's snotty attitude.  "Why do you think?"

Viatrix eyed the woman with the wild platinum hair coldly.  "Who does 
your hair?  The little kid here?"

"Hey!" said Sasami.

"I do my own hair," Ryoko replied.

Viatrix and Beah giggled.  "No excuse!"

"Huh?"  Ryoko wasn't sure what they meant by that, but she was sure it 
wasn't complimentary.

Ayeka decided to take a hand.  "I understand you girls are from 
Souiis.  I and my little sister visited there, once."

The Princess was determined to keep things pleasant, for Kiyone's and 
Mihoshi's sakes.  Besides, it was the requirement of basic 
hospitality.

"Uh-huh," said Viatrix.

Both she and Beah eyed Ayeka warily.  Even before she had introduced 
herself, her manner, her clothes, and that jeweled band on her 
forehead bespoke Jurai royal family.  And it turned out she was the 
First Princess to boot, the one who had taken a powder.  The girls 
were not too regardful of the Princess's little sister, but they knew 
they would need to tread carefully around the First Princess herself.  
As powerful and influential as their own parents were, the Jurai 
royal family was the last word in power and influence in the Galactic 
Union.

"I found Souiis to be a very charming planet."  Ayeka smiled at them.

"Uh-huh," replied Beah.

"It has a lovely mineral springs resort.  Sasami and I enjoyed it very 
much.  There is nothing like it on Jurai."

"Uh-huh," replied Viatrix.

Ayeka found it hard to keep the conversational ball rolling with 
"uh-huh" as a response.  She changed the subject.  "How do you find 
Earth?"

"We wish we'd never found it," Viatrix said.  Beah nodded.

"The feeling's mutual," Ryoko muttered.

Two pairs of cold teenaged eyes shifted back to her.

Ayeka silently wished Ryoko would keep her comments to herself.  
Conversing with these two girls was difficult enough as it was.  
"Would you care for more rice cakes?" she asked politely.

Viatrix shook her head.

"No," said Beah.  "Will they damage my teeth?"  She had already eaten 
four.

"Of course not, young lady."  Ayeka stared at Beah.  "Why would you 
think that?"

"They tasted like they would."

Ayeka heard a tiny growl beside her.  It was Sasami.

Before the Princess could respond, Mihoshi walked into the dining 
room.  She had changed into her favorite tan denims and pink frilled 
sleeveless blouse.
  
"Hi, everybody," she said cheerily.  "Kiyone's upstairs now, changing.  
She'll be down soon."

"It's Mop Head," Viatrix said nastily.

"She didn't really pay money for that blouse, did she?" Beah snidely 
questioned.

Mihoshi looked at them.  She blinked her wide blue eyes, several 
times.  She turned and left.

"Got her trained right," Viatrix told Beah.  She laughed.  Beah 
laughed, too.

"That's mean!" Sasami told them.  Her face was pink with anger at 
their treatment of Mihoshi.

The two teens looked at the little girl without comment.  Their 
disdain was evident.  Ryoko rolled her eyes upward and contemplated 
the ceiling.

Oh dear, Ayeka thought.  Showing hospitality to these two was going 
to be quite a challenge.



Outside the Masaki home, Tenchi and Tris's new home-not-far-away-from-
home was lit with the gentle radiance of several Japanese lanterns 
that Lord Yosho had brought.  He, Tenchi, Tris, and Nobuyuki, who had 
finally arrived home from work, sat on a blanket in front of the tent, 
bathed in the glow of the lanterns that were positioned in front of 
them, rather like a faux campfire.

"Are you boys going to be all right out here?" Nobuyuki asked.  He had 
been told the story and was as sympathetic to the two Galaxy Police 
officers' plight as everyone else had been.

"Sure, Dad," Tenchi said.

"If you could spare a condo, though..." Tris added.

Nobuyuki chuckled.  "I would if I could, Tristram."

The four men sat in silence now.  Happy cicadas chirruped in the 
grass.  Moths excitedly investigated the glowing lanterns.  Fireflies 
tried to compete with the lanterns and failed.

"This seems rather familiar...doesn't it, son-in-law?" Lord Yosho 
finally remarked.

"Yes, it does, father-in-law."  Nobuyuki thought of younger days, 
with his little boy...and his beautiful bride.

"We could roast weenies," Tris suggested.  "Or even sweet potatoes.  
Only it might take a while with these lanterns."

The other three chuckled good-naturedly.

"A bit too close to the house for a fire," Nobuyuki said.  "One would 
be nice, though...just the thing."

The front door slid open.  A slim figure walked over to them.  The 
lanterns' glow revealed it to be Mihoshi.

The men greeted her amiably.

"May I sit out here with you?" she asked quietly.

"Of course, and welcome," Lord Yosho told her. 

"Thank you, Lord Yosho."

She looked at Tris.  Tris smiled and patted the blanket beside him.

Mihoshi sat down next to him.

"How's it going in there?" Tenchi asked.

"Okay, I think.  I just can't stand those girls, though," Mihoshi 
said, matter-of-factly.  She was so tired and hurt by what those 
girls had said to her.  She wanted to lay her head on Tris's 
shoulder, but decided it might upset Kiyone.

"Really, Mihoshi?" asked Nobuyuki.  "How come?"

"They're just so mean and spiteful.  They say the most awful things, 
and if we're not nice to them, we'll probably get in more trouble."  
Mihoshi now changed her mind.  She leaned against Tris and laid her 
blonde head on his shoulder.  There was no romantic intention.  She 
was just seeking comfort and closeness from someone she liked a whole 
lot.

"That's really a shame, Mihoshi," Nobuyuki told her.  "I've seen 
politics interfere with one's job, even at my work, and it can be a 
nasty thing."

"Those girls are sure nasty," Mihoshi said.  She wished Tris would 
put his arm around her.

"Perhaps they are merely frightened and unsure of themselves.  They 
are strangers in a strange land, Detective," Lord Yosho remarked.

"I think they are just mean, Lord Yosho," Mihoshi asserted.

"Indeed?  That is most unfortunate, Detective.  They are to be pitied 
in that case," Lord Yosho said.  "Your partner, I assume, is dealing 
with our new guests now?"

"Yes, Lord Yosho.  Her and the other girls."

"It is quite a distressing situation.  However, with good effort, it 
can be rectified.  Of course, you and your partner must work together 
and each must not let the other down."  Lord Yosho's glasses glinted 
in the glow from the lanterns.

Mihoshi was quiet and thoughtful for a minute or two.  "Yes, Lord 
Yosho."

She rose.  Saying her good-byes, she left to return to the house.  
The front door shut behind her.

"Father-in-law, I've said it before, and I'll say it again...you 
should speak at those management seminars I have to attend," Nobuyuki 
told Yosho.

"You flatter me too much, son-in-law."

"Oh no he doesn't, sir," Tris spoke up.  "I've never seen a better 
example of nicely telling someone to go attend to their duty and not 
run away from it."

"That's right, Grandfather."  Tenchi smiled fondly at him.

"Indeed?  Well, thank you all.  As to management seminars...perhaps 
the best management is self management," Lord Yosho said mildly. 



Kiyone was trying her best to practice self-management a little 
while later.  She and Mihoshi had shown the girls to their room 
(formerly Tenchi's and Tris's room).  The girls were not impressed.

"This is tiny!  My maid's room is larger!" Viatrix charged.

"And it's so hokey!  Look at those awful pillows and blankets.  I 
think I'm in a nursery," Beah added. 

Kiyone thought both girls belonged in one, but kept silent.  Mihoshi 
just stared at them with that hurt look on her face.

"This is hardly better than that jail cell on your ship you tried to 
throw us into!"  Viatrix got her licks in again.

"It's the best we can do...you two."  Kiyone fought to keep her words, 
if not her tone, civil.

"That's pretty lame...but then so's this backwater planet," Viatrix 
said.  "What is this thing?" she asked, pointing to Tenchi's stereo.  
It was a nice midi-system, with bookshelf speakers, CD player, and a 
kareoke function.  Tenchi and the women had had quite a bit of fun 
with that particular function in the past.  The stereo was a Pioneer, 
of course.

"It's an Earth device.  It plays music that is either broadcast or 
stored in small media," Kiyone told her.  She quickly described the 
stereo's functions and pointed to Tenchi's small collection of CDs.

"Crude!"

"It works, though," Kiyone told them.  "If you do play it, you mustn't 
play it loudly.  One member of this household must get up early in the 
morning to go to work.  He needs his sleep."

"What does he do?" Viatrix asked sarcastically.  "Dig roots?"

"He designs houses!" Mihoshi told her.  "Very nice houses, like this 
one!"

Viatrix and Beah looked around the room.  "And he still has a job?"

Mihoshi opened her mouth to protest.  But Kiyone grabbed her arm.  
"All right, you two.  We're leaving now.  The television will be 
playing in the other room—-it displays this planet's visual 
entertainment programming.  You may watch it with us, if you wish."

"Fat chance!  As if we'd watch a bunch of Earthlings pick fleas off 
themselves or something," Viatrix rapped. 

"Good night!"  Kiyone propelled Mihoshi toward the door.

"You could send in those two cute boys," Viatrix called after them.  
"Especially that Tris...I'm sure he's ready for a change."

The bedroom door banged shut behind the two Galaxy Police officers.

"Do you think we should keep giving those cops the business like 
that?" Beah wondered.  "They were pretty ticked off, Viatrix."

"That's how we keep the upper hand, dummy," Viatrix snapped.  "I 
haven't gone through half a dozen governesses and chaperones for 
nothing!"



"Boy, here we are, camping out," Tris remarked inside the tent a few 
hours later.  He lay on his futon, hands folded behind his head, 
looking up at the darkness.  He had a flashlight near at hand in case 
nature called, as did Tenchi.  "Can you feel the excitement?"

"Yeah..." Tenchi muttered sleepily from his own futon.

"Gee, Wally, what fun.  I know!  Let's have a pillow fight.  Then Mom 
and Dad might come and bring Skippy the dog with them!"

"Listen, I saw that show, too--it's been running about forever here, 
you know," Tenchi reminded Tris grumpily.  "And the family didn't have 
a dog!"(1)

"Did too.  His name was Captain Jack--but he lasted only one episode."

Tenchi groaned.  "Tris, I told you before you've watched too much TV.  
That proves it!  Now why don't you try to get some sleep?  And let me 
get some!"

"Aw, Wally...this is the part of the program where Eddie and Lumpy 
sneak around and make bear noises to scare us."

"Too much TV...I swear..."

"Not on our show, you don't.  Mom and Dad sleep in separate beds, 
too."

Tenchi was about to tell Tris to knock it off, once and for all, or 
he'd crown him with the flashlight when a dark shape suddenly 
appeared inside the tent.

"Yow!"  Tenchi and Tris both sprang from their futons.  Tenchi then 
had the presence of mind then to switch on his flashlight.

It wasn't Eddie or Lumpy.  It was Ryoko.

"Did I scare you boys?"  She grinned.  She wore only Tenchi's white 
dress shirt that she used as a nightshirt.  The shirttails only came 
down to her upper thighs.  So attired, she was the sexiest-looking 
female imaginable, and she knew it. 

"No," Tenchi gritted.  "I was just having my nightly heart attack!"

"I think I just left my heart in San Francisco," Tris groaned, "along 
with my spleen."

"Sorry guys."  But Ryoko didn't look too sorry.

"What do you want, Ryoko?" Tenchi asked.

"Why, I just wanted to see how my sweetums was doing...and his 
goofball friend, too."

"We lost about a year's growth, thanks to you!  Go back to bed," 
Tenchi told her.

"Aw...and here I came all this way to make sure my sweetums was all 
right."

"Yes, and you can go all the way back."

"I don't think," Ryoko said, "that I got my good-night kiss yet."

"I don't think," Tenchi replied, "that you had one coming."

"Do you think that's fair of my sweetums?" Ryoko asked Tris.

"Why ask me?"

"Kiyone gave you a real big kiss before you came out here to bed," 
Ryoko said.  "I saw you two.  How do you both kiss so long without 
breathing?"

"Go ask her."

"I did."  Ryoko smiled slyly.  "She said a boyfriend should kiss his 
girlfriend every night...especially when the boyfriend goes camping."

"Yeah, I'm sure she said that to you!" Tris grated.

"Ryoko," Tenchi said.  "I'm going to count to ten, and—-"

Suddenly, from the house, noise erupted violently.  It sounded like 
a full-blown rock concert—-with the speakers turned up to "eleven."  
The noise was almost a physical force, assaulting their eardrums like 
sonic sledgehammers. 

"What's that racket?" Tenchi shouted over the din.

"Sounds like the Beastie Boys!" Tris guessed.

Tenchi and Tris quickly drew on their robes and slipped their feet 
into shoes.  They hurried toward the house, Ryoko right at their 
heels.  She had remembered the injunction against flying.

They entered the house, which was shaking slightly with the aural 
onslaught.  They went into the living room, which was now fully lit, 
as was the rest of the house.  Above the racket, they could hear 
voices.  They followed the sound of the voices down the hallway and 
the ear-splitting din grew even louder.  They saw Kiyone, Mihoshi, 
Ayeka, and Sasami, all in their night wear, standing at the visitors' 
bedroom door.  The sledgehammering noise issued from within.  Tenchi's 
stereo was getting a real workout, particularly the speakers.

Kiyone was pounding on the door. 

"Turn it off, damnit!" she yelled.  "Open up!  I'm warning you!"

Somehow, they could make out girlish laugher behind the door along 
with the head-pounding din of angry young men telling the world where 
to get off in ten chords or less.

"They must have tuned to that alternative rock station!" Tris shouted.

"I don't care what they did!" Tenchi yelled back.  "They need to stop 
it!  Dad needs his sleep!"

"I need my eardrums!" Ryoko added.

Kiyone kept pounding on the door.  Mihoshi was pounding on the door 
now, too.  Ayeka alternately held her ears and Sasami's ears.  The 
song lyrics were somewhat raw.

"Tenchi!" Tris shouted.  "Those speakers weren't made to handle this 
much volume!  If they keep it up, they're gonna—-"

Suddenly, with a final ear-mangling blare, everything went quiet.

"--blow your speakers!"  Tris stopped.

"I know," Tenchi said.  He looked furious.

"Open this door!" Kiyone still shouted.

"No," they heard a voice from behind the door.  It was Viatrix.  
"You'll beat us...like you did on your ship."

"No one touched you!" Kiyone shouted.  "But that's one hell of an 
idea!"

"Kiyone," said Mihoshi.

"What?"

"You don't need to shout now."

"Oh...yeah."

Tenchi pushed his way to the door.  "What's the big idea?" he asked 
through the door.  "You woke everyone up.  You blew my speakers!  
They cost money!"

Viatrix's voice from behind the door answered.  "Oh, we're sorry.  
You're that cute boy named Tenchi, aren't you?  It's this crude 
device, Tenchi.  That cop showed us how to play it and she must have 
showed us wrong.  We couldn't control it."

"Oh?"  Tenchi sounded entirely unconvinced.

"Uh-huh.  We didn't mean to cause trouble, really.  It just got away 
from us."  Now Beah's voice chimed in.

"That sounds remarkably like your alibi for evading capture," Kiyone 
said disgustedly.

"That's a true story, too, and we won't tell a lie to make you look 
better--even if you beat us again!" came Viatrix's defiant voice 
from behind the door.

"I didn't lay a hand on you...to my eternal regret," Kiyone grunted.

"Can we go to sleep now?"  Beah's voice was soft and sweet.  "We're 
awfully tired."

"Yes," Tenchi said, tiredly, resignedly.  "Go to sleep!"

He turned.  He saw his grandfather and father, in their kimonos, 
standing by the stairway.

"I think the concert is over, Grandfather...Dad.  They blew my 
speakers!"

Nobuyuki shook his head.  "Perhaps I should sleep in the tent!"

"Afraid it was just about as loud out there, sir," Tris told him.  
"The mosquitoes would be glad to see you, though."

Nobuyuki chuckled and shook his head.  "I'll go back to bed.  Good 
night!"

"I'll say good night too," said Lord Yosho.

"I'm sorry, Lord Yosho...Mr. Masaki," Kiyone said.

"It's certainly no fault of yours, Detective.  Good night."  Yosho 
followed his son-in-law back upstairs.

Tris looked at Kiyone standing there, her face mirroring her chagrin.  
He walked over to her.  He put his arms around Kiyone's shoulders.  
She smiled at him crookedly, then sagged against him.

"What are we going to do?" she asked dispiritedly.

"Do what Grandfather and Dad are doing," Tenchi answered with a 
shrug.  "Go back to bed."  



Hours later, everyone had succeeded in finding sleep...even Tenchi 
and Tris in their tent.

In the women's communal bedroom, Sasami work up.  It was what she had 
willed herself to do...to wake up several times a night and check on 
her big sister.

Anxiously, she glanced over at Ayeka's futon.  She relaxed.  Ayeka 
lay there, completely still.

The little girl snuggled back in the covers.  Perhaps her big 
sister's nightmares were beginning to recede, as Ayeka had predicted 
they would.  



But they hadn't, not yet.  And the biggest nightmare was still to 
come.

The entity was there.  At the controller's command, it was worming 
its way again in the subject's subconscious.  This time, however, it 
did not produce the blood-freezing horror images in the subject's 
mind.  It simply worked slowly to completely break down the subject's 
formidable inner will barriers.  One by one, those barriers would be 
breached.  It would take some time, but the controller was 
prodigiously patient.  Now the work would go on quietly, night after 
night.

In actuality, the shocking nightmares had not been necessary to reach 
the final goal of mind-mastery.  Rather, it had been a treat for the 
controller to strike such terror into that hated subject from the 
hated family, a sadistic pleasure to cause such intense mental 
suffering and to experience, by extreme long distance, the sickly 
exciting screams of terror from the royal whelp.  Yes, it had been a 
pure, indulgent pleasure.  But the time for indulgence had passed.  
And, from reading the subject's memory, the controller knew he was 
coming too close to alerting his victims.  Oh, he meant to alert 
them, to toy with them, for pleasure.  But not just yet.

No, it was the time now for stealth...for low power, low intensity, 
but productive mental pillaging.  It was the great work and the only 
work for the controller.

Outwardly, Ayeka continued to sleep, silently and without movement--
almost as if she were dead.

Appropriate.  For the controller intended real death for all, 
particularly for the Juraian whelps and the truant Juraian princes--
and those who aided them.  Death.  Screaming, horrible death.  And in 
so doing, to obtain final revenge...complete, irrevocable revenge.  
The detested royal whelp herself would provide the means to destroy 
them all.  It wouldn't stop there, either.  The entire galaxy would 
soon be awash in blood.

And, even sweeter...all that would be the prelude to peaceful and 
final oblivion. 



The Galaxy Police navigational (nav) buoy floated in space.  It was 
exactly and precisely where it was supposed to be, as always, ready 
to help both privately owned and official-use spacecraft from the 
Galactic Union calculate their celestial course.  In addition, as in 
the case of all buoys positioned in this particular sector, it also 
alerted the area GP Command Post if it detected a ship that did not 
generate the required authorization signal via its recognition beacon.  
It was a big job for such a small robotic craft.  

The buoy kept its fixed position by constant, unrelenting 
communication and triangulation with other buoys.  It instantly 
corrected any deviation in position with soft flares of thrust from 
its small gyro-rockets.   

Before it loomed the giant planet Saturn with its shimmering rings of 
ice and dust.  The buoy took no notice of the spectacular sight.  It 
wasn't programmed to.  But it was doing what it had been programmed to 
do at that very moment.

The approaching ship had been scanned by the buoy for some time.  The 
buoy now analyzed the ship's recognition beacon.  The proper 
authorization signal, the crypto-hash, had been received.  The buoy 
took no further notice of the ship. 

"Hacked it!" shouted a young male voice in the cockpit of the 
spacecraft.  "That nav buoy is now a cracked node!"

"Slam it, man!  That rec code Tazzian gave us was spot-on!  Awesome!"

"Too bad it cost us so much!  That bottom-feeder!"

"But it worked, my man..."

The spacecraft was rather unusual looking.  It had an ungainly shape, 
with panels of different hues glinting from starlight on the fuselage.  
Various makes and models of scanning and communication nodes protruded 
from it.  The craft had evidently been put together with less than 
craftsmanship from the salvaged remains of various POS craft, along 
with a component here and there gleaned from a Galaxy Police surplus 
outlet.  It was a junkyard dog of a ship.  But it functioned.

It also bristled with the latest technoid gear.  Indeed, that was 
obviously more important to the ship's builders than any great speed 
or maneuverability.  Also, the builder's allowances from their 
overindulgent parents stretched only so far.

The hodge-podge vessel was, in fact, the equivalent of a "hot rod"—-
assembled by two youngsters known as stone techie geeks by their 
friends--and now piloted by those two towards Earth.

Inside the cockpit, used and discarded bottles of various liquid 
refreshment and containers formerly containing junk food were 
scattered about.  It was a good thing the mothers of the two owners 
of the craft had never stepped into that cockpit.

Sitting on their rather worse-for-wear cockpit seats (old, 
discontinued GP issue), the two pilots shared a high-five.  Both wore 
tight-fitting jumpsuits that had formerly been a cream color...the 
jumpsuits, once worn by GP cadets, had been relegated to GP surplus 
and sold to the public.  Those jumpsuits, plastered with the emblems 
of dozens of the grungiest authority-bashing musical groups in the 
Galactic Union, covered two skinny frames.  The youngsters—-really, 
teenaged boys—-also had the name of their school embroidered on the 
sleeves of their jumpsuits.  The school was the same one attended by 
Viatrix Qe'ent and Beah Vetrah.

In one corner, a small silvery module blinked and blinked, issuing 
crackling bits of communication.  The communication sounded official.  
It was.  It comprised the various verbal reports relayed by GP units 
scattered throughout the galaxy.  The module not only picked up the 
official transmissions, it de-scrambled them as well, even the Ears 
Only sensitive communications.  It was an illegal device, of course, 
and thus a great prize to all hackers and crackers.   

"Man...this is some maximum gig," said Munt Yo'ost.  He was the taller 
of the two, with crew cut violet hair, a long nose, considerable acne, 
and a scraggy goatee which was also violet hued (a rad hair color, 
just ask anyone at his school).

"The max of the max.  We get to be heroes, Viatrix's old man lays down 
some heavy bread on us, and those two ziggy chicks get physical for 
us.  Best part is we zing the GP good 'cause Viatrix's old man will 
back us up when we bring the babes home—-he'll have to!"  Ginkar 
Ter'tran was jazzed, and not just from all the junk food and drink, 
either.  He was completely bald (by choice) and his most memorable 
feature was a lack of memorable features (aside from acne).  He did 
have a receding chin, though.     

"I thought I would launch when we picked up that cop yak-session 
about Viatrix and Beah being held on that hick planet.  My plan was 
just to spread the news through school unless those two gave it up 
for us.  But you're the man!  A rescue mission!"  Munt was quite 
appreciative of his buddy.  Ginkar was a high-dome zapper, and no 
argument.

"Thanks, buddy.  Appreciate the appreciation."

"And if we rescue 'em now, we may even get 'em back before Daddy 
Qe'ent sends that pickup ship.  He'll save coin and have his baby 
back.  Oh, this is slamming!"

The two boys laughed, as their hot-rod techie-geek ship cruised, not 
with dyna-thruster power, but fast enough, towards Earth.

The nav buoy, its challenge-recognition module no longer needed, 
efficiently shut that function down.  It continued its navigational 
mission, sending, receiving, and triangulating with its peers, 
unaware of and uncaring about what it had just let pass through.   



_______________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

1.  "Leave It To Beaver" was indeed a very long-running and popular 
show in Japan.  It's amusing to note that the Beaver was dubbed with 
a little girl's voice, even in the later episodes where Theordore 
Cleaver is entering his teens.



