TTENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



EPILOGUE
No Need For A Final Word
_______________________


"I love to watch you swim, Husband," Queen Misaki said fondly.  She 
demurely stretched out in the soft and plush throne-like lounge chair 
beside the softly steaming pools.  The Juraian day was waning but 
the artificial sunlight created a bright and sunny climate in the 
largish spa.  The looming Juraian trees that lined it threw off the 
loveliest clean-air scent.  It was Paradise...at least as close to
it as she was likely to get.

"You love to watch me float, you mean," King Azusa said ruefully from 
the lounge chair beside her.  "With this belly on me...my own 
floatation device!  Gad, nothing's worse than growing old!"

"Yes, there is, dear.  The alternative to growing old."

King Azusa looked at his Queen, a bit nonplussed.  Then he roared 
with laughter.  "That's a good one, Wife!  I'll have to spring it on 
the Lord High Chamberlain, that fossil!"  The Queen was amused to see 
his slightly rounded belly shake as much as the rest of him in his 
mirth.  His swimming costume made it clear that her husband had 
indeed gained girth.  But she loved him, chubby or not.

Queen Misaki smiled with relief at her beloved husband.  She had 
hoped that ending court early and getting the King to the heavenly 
hot springs spa and freshwater pool grotto situated beside the 
tournament grounds would help ease his thunderous mood.  Thank the 
heavens it had worked!

Her husband had good reason to feel out of sorts.  Ever since they 
had been obliged to end their retirement and return to official 
duties, the time required daily to discharge official court 
adjudications had simply mushroomed.  There seemed an endless supply 
of retainers, citizens, ambassadors, and other people with their hands 
held out, all wanting some sort of royal favor.  Even worse were the 
solicitors and counselors, who constantly demanded the King do 
something about something, or face legal sanctions.  It would be 
enough to rile even a sweet-tempered man.  And Azusa Jurai, despite 
his many sterling qualities, was not a sweet-tempered man.

Just a little while ago, the Lord Judge Advocate had invaded the 
teeming court chambers and dropped a rather nasty surprise on the 
King's lap.  Queen Misaki had seen her husband's face go purple.  She 
recognized that danger signal all too well.  The Queen had quickly 
feigned a fainting spell to break the dangerous mood.  When the King 
had embraced her and asked about her condition, she asked to be 
carried to the spa and grotto so she could recover in the refreshing 
waters.  The King had ended court for that day and carried her there 
himself, as she had known he would.

"I fear our worthy Lord High Chamberlain does not have a well 
developed sense of humor," the Queen remarked.  "And our esteemed 
Lord Judge Advocate is even more humorless."  The two retainers were 
stuffy bores, really, but highly competent in their positions.

The King grimaced.  "Well, I don't suppose you can blame the Lord 
Judge Advocate—-he's the first one to get these blasted lawsuits!  
And this latest one is enough to ruin any man's good humor!  We're 
being sued, Wife!"

"Yes, dear.  I heard him."

The King regarded her narrowly.  "Yes, and did you hear why we are 
being sued?  Because of one of Ayeka's little stratagems.  She 
dispenses and I pay the bloody piper!"

"Husband...your language," Queen Misaki gently chided him.

"Ohhhh, I apologize."  The King lapsed into a sullen silence.

"Besides, it is not a piper we will be paying.  We shall be 
compensating many of the best families on Jurai—-"

"That's just an expression, Wife.  I know very well who will be 
helping themselves to our coffers.  And why?  Because our elder 
daughter decides she wants to have a space pirate pardoned—-the most 
notorious space pirate in the galaxy, if you please!  And because I 
supported this pardon, we're legally liable for making good for all 
the damage that hellion did.  Blast it!"

Queen Misaki eyed the King with concern.  But his face was only 
slightly flushed with ire.  He was calm enough to discuss things 
with...and some things required discussion.   

"Yes, that is certainly unfortunate, Husband.  It seems one cannot 
even do a good deed without being held liable for something—-"

"Good deed?"  The King challenged her.  "How is letting some marauding 
demon of a space pirate off Scott-free a good deed?  Tell me that!"

"Certainly, Husband," the Queen said calmly.  "As Ayeka explained to 
us, that space pirate as you call her helped in the defeat of that 
pretender, Kagato—-"

"Which just meant we had to end our wonderful retirement and come back 
into harness!"  The King snorted.

"Which meant our galaxy was not ruled by an evil and depraved man," 
Queen Misaki gently corrected him.  "A pretender who deceived us all.  
This Ryoko's assistance in removing the pretender was an act worthy 
of a pardon in itself, had we but known then..."

"But of course we didn't know!  Why should our daughter—-our 
daughters—-tell us anything?  Who are we?  Just their parents!"

The Queen nodded.  "Yes, I think Ayeka could have broached the subject 
of Ryoko to us a bit sooner than she did.  She was waiting for an 
opportune moment.  Unfortunately, this Ryoko resumed her outlawry 
briefly, and—-"

"Right!  Just the kind of behavior that fits in with a pardon!"  The 
King was rapidly losing his compusure.  He had already lost his good 
mood.

"But dear, she also recently rendered invaluable assistance in 
defeating that Professor Klove person.  Our Ayeka was in deadly danger 
from that person.  Indeed—-"and here the Queen shuddered delicately—-
"he would have murdered our little Sasami, as well."

"None of which would have happened if our daughters had remained here 
at home!" the King snapped.

"I do not believe that is entirely correct, Husband.  As Ayeka 
explained it to us, by being on Earth she was with people uniquely 
equipped to assist her."

The King shook his still wet mane of hair irritably.  "Yes, that was 
wonderful to hear!  We have our own protective powers, we maintain an 
expensive Royal Yeoman corps, we support an immense military force, 
not to mention the Galaxy Police, and we're all helpless!  We have to 
entrust our daughters' lives to a runaway Prince, his grandson, a 
fugitive space pirate, an exiled mad scientist...the very thought 
gives me a pain in my—-well, never mind that."

The Queen smiled.  "You are perhaps too harsh, dear.  Speaking of the 
Galaxy Police, there were two officers on the scene, and they did 
help."

"Oh, indeed!  The Grand Marshall's embarrassment of a granddaughter 
and her disgraced partner—-both demoted and assigned to the very 
hinterlands of the galaxy!  Nothing but the cream of the crop where 
our daughters' lives are concerned!"

"True.  But now they have had their former ranks restored and were 
awarded medals as well.  Perhaps "cream of the crop" does rather 
describe them after all, Husband."

"Well...maybe."  The King had a tendency to fire off his mouth and 
even act precipitously.  But he was also a fair man.  The Queen loved 
him for that.  "According to Kamidake and Azaka, at least that other 
officer—-that Makibi woman—-seems to be fairly competent.  But that 
Mihoshi!  Thank the stars that even the worst of our relatives don't 
approach her ineptitude.  That Lord Kuramitsu has had quite a cross 
to bear."  The King sounded sympathetic.

King Asuza had assigned his two foremost Royal Yeomen, Azaka and 
Kamidake, to investigate the Professor Klove affray.  The Queen 
silently blessed him for doing that.  Azaka and Kamidake were both 
eminently fair-minded knights, whose word the King trusted implicitly.  
The two knights also had considerable affection for the Masakis and 
the rather odd household they maintained.  

"Perhaps," the Queen replied.  "But she acquitted herelf bravely, from 
what Azaka and Kamidake reported to us.  By the way, Husband..."  Now 
the Queen braced herself for an explosion.  "You mentioned Professor 
Washuu.  You know she assisted in the defeat of Professor Klove as 
well.  As a reward, I believe you might consider sponsoring her return 
to the Royal Science Academy—-"

"What?"  King Asuza stared at his wife, his face mirroring his abject 
disbelief.  "Give that mad scientist another crack at inventing some 
doomsday device?  No, thank you!  We're showing her enough sufferance 
by allowing her to remain unmolested on that primitive planet Earth.  
Heaven help those Earthlings!"

"Dear, I think you are speaking of Professor Washuu as she once was.  
But both Ayeka and Sasami inform me that the Professor is no longer 
interested in weaponry and has lost any desire for conquest."

"Indeed?  And how can they be so certain of that, pray?"

"Because Professor Washuu is now settling down on Earth with a man.  
She intends to live on Earth permanently.  Any re-appointment to the 
Royal Science Academy would be as a visiting Professor."

"Hmmmm..."  The King considered this.  "If that's true, that is 
encouraging, I'll admit.  Keeping her on Earth suits me right down to 
the ground.  But who is the lunatic who would keep house with that 
walking disaster?"

"You know him, Husband."  Queen Misaki smiled.  "You even met him, 
once.  He is Nobuyuki Masaki, the father of Lord Tenchi."

"Him?"  The King was clearly stunned.  "That Earthling?  Well, fancy 
that...I didn't think he had it in him."

"He is the father of Lord Tenchi," his wife reminded him.

"I'll say he is!  When it comes to women, those Masaki men are 
murder!"  King Asuza shrugged.  "Oh, very well.  Get her married to 
that poor Earthling-—I want that much insurance, at least!--and I'll 
talk to the Board of Royal Curators at the Academy.  Although I'm 
certain that doing this will just bring in a spate of more lawsuits!"

Queen Misaki smiled lovingly at her husband.  She had been fairly 
certain she could cajole him into going along with another one of 
Ayeka's—-what had he called them?—-oh, yes, stratagems.  Now 
Professor Washuu would be compensated for having helped save their 
two daughters and perhaps a happy life for two people had been 
arranged.  The Queen enjoyed that prospect.  It was one of the best 
things about being Queen. 

Suddenly the King frowned.  "Since you brought up the subject of 
attachments...Wife, I recall Azaka and Kamidake telling us about some 
Earthling—-and not that Nobuyuki—-being involved, somehow, in that 
Professor Klove mess.  I hope that was a misunderstanding on my 
part."

The Queen steeled herself.  She knew her husband would not like what 
she had to tell him.  "No, Husband, that was no misunderstanding.  An 
Earthling, as it turned out, seems to have rendered some slight 
assistance against that Professor Klove—-"

"Then it is true!"  The King thumped a bolster with a royal fist.  
"That's the absolute, bloody limit!  Bad enough that I must sit back 
and allow a band of pirates and mad scientists and disgraced police 
officers—-not to mention royal runaways, and the progeny of runaways—-
to defend my daughters.  But a blasted, slope-headed Earthling, too!  
For two Jurais, I'd move to Earth myself!  Obviously, that is the 
place to go for security and protection!"

"Husband.  Your language."

"Bah!  I mean...I apologize, Wife.  But, gad!  An Earthling!  Another 
one!"

"I understand that Sergeant Kiyone Makibi is rather in love with him."

"Of course!  Why not?" the King said helplessly.  "Naturally, none of 
our men are good enough for our women!  Our women want Earth men.  
Even my elder daughter!  Bah!"

"But Lord Tenchi is a Prince of the blood, dear—-"

"Yes, a Prince who won't live here where he belongs.  We offered him 
the throne, by gad!  He refused!  No, he tells us, thanks for 
everything, but Earth is the place for me.  As a younger man, I slew 
for lesser insults like that!  Then both our daughters go skipping 
back to Earth to moon at that grandson of Yosho's a second time.  Now 
they stay there while Mr. Perfect makes up his mind about whom he 
wants—-a tart of a space pirate or the future Queen of Jurai!  He may 
be a Prince of the blood, Wife, but he's cuckoo!  Just like his 
grandfather!"

Queen Misaki reached over and laid a comforting hand on her husband's 
bare forearm.  "Dear, do not work yourself into a rage.  You know what 
the physicians have told you."

"Those quacks!"

"They are right about your blood pressure, Husband.  Besides, there is 
nothing to get upset about.  Rather, you should be happy."  The Queen 
removed her hand.

"Happy?"  King Asuza stared at his wife as if he suspected she had 
gone cuckoo, too.  "Happy, you say?  Do I see my daughters around 
me?  Is my eldest daughter married to a suitable Consort so that she 
may take this harness from around me and allow us to retire--again?  
What in the name of the cosmos is there to be happy about, pray?"

"Dear, you want to retire permanently this time.  That means a stable 
marriage for Ayeka.  Forcing her into one of your political alliances 
masqueraded as a marriage will not make her happy.  We know that now.  
She must marry for love or she will not remain married—-and our people 
will not accept a divorced Queen."

"Well..."  King Azusa's voice had lowered, at least.  "There is truth 
in what you say, Wife.  But love!  What's love go to do with it?"

"Everything, dear, to Ayeka.  She is rather like her mother in that 
respect," the Queen told him tenderly.

The King looked at her for a long moment.  His expression softened.  
"I can't very well argue with that, Wife.  As you well know!  But the 
men you women fall in love with!  It's not logical.  Our elder 
daughter, who has everything, fell in love with that Tenchi even 
before she knew he had royal blood in him.  But that's all right, the 
man can be a hopeless Neanderthal, because the woman falls in love 
with him!"

"That's right, Husband."  The Queen's voice was sweet...and, perhaps, 
a bit ironic.     

"Love..." the King muttered darkly into his beard.

"Think of it this way, Husband.  With Lord Tenchi, Ayeka can marry the 
man she loves--and she will stay married.  When she becomes Queen, she 
will not only have a life-mate, but he will be of royal blood.  Our 
royal blood."

"Well, that sounds good.  But what if our elder daughter follows the 
trend and wants to remain on Earth?"

"She will not," the Queen said, confidently.  "You see, dear, you 
shall have attended to all of her friends' needs and wishes.  So there 
will be no need for her to remain on that planet.  Lord Tenchi's 
father will soon have a wife and he will no longer be alone.  Lord 
Yosho can certainly be persuaded to return to Jurai, once Ayeka and 
Lord Tenchi are married."

The King was quiet for a long moment.  Then he nodded.  "You are 
quite the maker of stratagems yourself, Wife," he said appreciatively.  
"But there is the small matter of the space pirate—-that Ryoko.  
Evidently, she has a hold on that Tenchi, still."

"Now, dear!"  The Queen laughed softly.  "Why do you think I urged 
you to support Ayeka on the question of that pardon?  Thanks to it, 
that Ryoko woman is free again—-free to roam the spaceways.  Do you 
think such a rebellious spirit will remain content to be tied down to 
such a backwater as Earth when she can go where she pleases?"

The King pursed his lips.  "No, I have to agree with you there," he 
admitted.

"Remember, dear...Ayeka is your daughter!  Certainly she has the 
acumen and cunning to win Lord Tenchi from anyone—-particularly from 
a tawdry woman like this Ryoko.  Can you doubt who will win that 
contest?"

Now the King slowly smiled.  He nodded again.  "You are right, Wife!  
Ayeka has a lot of me in her.  That Ryoko had better start packing 
now!  Perhaps we can offer her a position with the Yeomen.  Both 
Azaka and Kamidake seem to think highly of her."

"Why, that is a wonderful notion, dear.  Having such a formidable 
person in the Yeomen cannot help but...well, pacify things even more 
around here."

"You mean help warn off the blasted clans who want to turn this throne 
into a puppet theater!" King Asuza translated.  "That is a good idea.  
I like it.  Ayeka hired that bounty hunter, Nagi, to put out fires for 
her--so why shouldn't we hire this Ryoko?  At least we can get some 
service from her in compensation for paying her damages!"

The Queen laughed with delight.  "Husband, you are truly the King.  I 
adore it when you take charge of the situation."

"You mean, when I allow you to take charge of the situation!"

But he laughed.  He and his Queen shared that laugh.  The scheming 
behind that laughter would mean trouble ahead for the Masakis and 
their extended family.  In fact, it would lead to, among other things, 
the Earth facing certain annihilation.

But that is a story for another time.


THE END





    





