TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER SIXTEEN
No Need For a Suspect
_____________________


Mihoshi woke up in her tiny apartment at the Compound.  Despite her 
long slumber, she felt groggy and somewhat disoriented.  It never 
became very bright during the day on Vestra, but the dimness outside 
her apartment's portieres told her it was late in the afternoon.  
Late afternoon...wasn't she supposed to--   

Gosh!  She fairly leaped from her bed.  Standing, she groaned as her 
feet protested at her...and her left side, too.  She should not have 
gone to bed still wearing her uniform, especially her regulation 
boots and her shoulder holster and sidearm.  Now she ached in those 
places.  But she had been so sleepy, so overwhelmingly sleepy, that 
once she had entered her bedroom to undress, all she could do was 
stretch out on the bed and sack out.  Now she felt kind of grungy in 
her uniform and her mouth tasted funny.  She had not eaten either.  
She was achy, hungry, and grungy.  Oh, gosh...

But Mihoshi also remembered that she was supposed to contact her and 
Kiyone's landlady, that Mrs. Uleana, about sub-leasing their 
apartments.  And she needed to do it while Mrs. Uleana was still in 
the office she maintained in a nearby building she also owned.  
Otherwise, Mihoshi would have to call the woman at home, which was a 
bad idea--Mrs. Uleana had yelled at her once for doing so.  Mihoshi 
hated to be yelled at.

So, although Mihoshi dearly wanted to undress and take a bath and put 
on something comfortable and pretty, she knew she should contact Mrs. 
Uleana first.  Sighing, the blonde Galaxy Police officer sat on her 
bed and slipped off her boots.  Her feet were a little happier now.  
She also un-slung her shoulder holster and deposited it and the heavy 
blaster pistol on a tiny chair beside her dressing table.  The chair 
had a pink cushion, and the dressing table was cream white with little 
pink flowers.  Mihoshi just loved pink.

She also loved the people whose pictures adorned that dressing table: 
her father, her three brothers...and Tenchi.  Actually, that last 
picture was originally of Tenchi flanked by Princess Ayeka and Ryoko 
(both of them had insisted in getting in the picture, too).  Mihoshi 
simply had the Princess and the space pirate cropped from the picture 
afterward.  She loved them both, but she didn't particularly want to 
have them on her dressing table.  Besides, some visitor might have 
recognized Ryoko, and, anyway, their expressions as they had looked 
at her taking the picture had been kind of funny.

Looking at those she loved most particularly always boosted Mihoshi's 
spirits.  Now she would need to add Tris's picture to the table.  She 
would have to find a way.  But Kiyone, her best friend, wasn't like 
Ayeka and Ryoko.  Kiyone would let her take a picture of Tris by 
himself.  Kiyone understood...well, mostly.

Mihoshi couldn't help but feel a pang as she stared at Tenchi's 
picture.  She had been obliged to give up any notion of being 
Tenchi's girlfriend long ago and just be his good friend, which had 
been hard, because she loved him.  Now, although she loved Tris in 
much the same way, she would also have to treat him like another 
friend.  It seemed so unfair, but Mihoshi knew it was nobody's fault.  
Kiyone told her often that someday she would fall in love with a boy 
and he would be all hers.  In the meantime, she could still be close 
to Tenchi and now Tris, and that was something, anyway.  She suddenly 
wished she had brought Trissy to her apartment...she wanted to hug 
her plush pooch, very much.

Now she smiled happily as she looked at the pictures of her Daddy and 
her three big brothers.  They were so handsome!  She was so proud of 
them all.  It was kind of odd, she supposed, what with her Grandfather 
being Grand Marshall of the GP, that neither her Daddy nor her 
brothers were in the GP.  But they were fiercely independent, real 
men, and Mihoshi sure understood that.  Daddy (actually, he was a 
Lord, but Mihoshi never used those silly titles) was Counselor to her 
planet's ruling tribunal, and her brothers also held high positions in 
the tribunal's bureaucracy.  Being of their planet's landed 
aristocracy, they could have all just lived off their wealth, but her 
men would never had done that.   Two of her brothers were married and 
her youngest brother, Mezim, was engaged to be married.  Her eldest 
brother, Takei, and his wife were expecting a child shortly.  Soon 
Mihoshi would be an aunt!  She loved the idea.  Nieces and nephews to 
love and spoil...it would be wonderful!  Of course, she wanted her own 
babies, eventually, but that would come in time.   

Spoiled.  Mihoshi remembered how Ryoko had accused her of being 
spoiled by her Daddy and her brothers.  Although Mihoshi had denied 
the charge, privately she had to admit...maybe it was true.  After 
her Mommy died, Daddy and her brothers had closed ranks around her.  
They had tried to give her the love and support they imagined she 
missed from not having Mommy around anymore.  They could not replace 
Mommy, but they sure tried hard!  Mihoshi recalled how, because she 
was kind of slow in school, the older boys teased her and pushed her 
on the ground a lot.  She never told on them, but, somehow, her 
brothers had found out and the mean boys had let her alone.  Trouble 
was, all the boys left her alone after that, even boys she had liked 
and had wished would walk her home from school and take her to 
parties.

The girls her age had also treated her differently, because of her 
brothers and the fact she had that silly title.  She'd had only a few 
close girlfriends, not many, and the friendships hadn't lasted.  
Mihoshi believed it had been her fault.  She always forced herself to 
be happy around people, even when she wasn't happy inside, so they'd 
like her.  It was an ingrained habit now.  Maybe her childhood friends 
hadn't liked that about her.  Maybe she had not seemed very sincere to 
them.  Mihoshi still didn't know and it hurt to think about it.

At any rate, when she had left planet Kawaiidan with its lovely warm 
sun and lush greenery (Mihoshi had been a sun-worshipper and had 
acquired a permanent tan as a result) to attend the Galaxy Police 
Academy, the only ones to see her off were Daddy and her brothers.  It 
had been so sad, but at least she had had her four men...and still 
did.  Now she had lots of real friends—-Sasami and, of course, Kiyone 
and even Ryoko and Ayeka and Washuu.  She felt very close to Tenchi's 
Daddy and Tenchi's wonderful wise grandfather and Juraian Prince, Lord 
Yosho.  And there were Tenchi and Tris.  They liked her a lot, she 
knew, and that was kind of wonderful.

Mihoshi smiled at her reflection in the mirror of her dressing table.  
And it all happened because she and Kiyone had fought and she had 
angrily and weepily left her partner to go chase that most-wanted 
space pirate, Ryoko...chase her all the way to a real noplace called 
Earth.  

Gosh!  She had to contact the landlady!  Mihoshi hurried to her living 
room (it took about four steps in that tiny place) and stood before 
her front door security panel.  She checked the visitor indicator.  
No, no one had stopped by.  It was silly, but she had kind of hoped 
Tris would have, although that would have been strictly against 
Kiyone's orders and foolish besides.  But Tris could be a foolish boy 
sometimes--which made him so endearing to Mihoshi.  She sighed and 
tapped a few touchpads on the panel.  The security panel suddenly 
began serving its other function, as a comm device.  The viewscreen 
now no longer showed the hallway outside Mihoshi's front door.  It 
was filled with the fat, dumpy gray face of Mrs. Uleana.  The Vertran 
landlady did not appear happy to see Mihoshi.

"Yes, girl, what do you want?" Mrs. Uleana asked.

Mihoshi couldn't help but feel a tiny bit of irritation.  She was a 
Galaxy Police officer and a grown woman--yet Mrs. Uleana treated her 
like some errant schoolgirl.  But she smiled her brightest smile and 
said, "I'm sorry to bother you, ma'am.  Kiyone and I just came in—-"

"Yes, yes, I know.  Security told me.  Not fired yet, eh?  Good.  Now, 
what do you want?"

It was hard to keep smiling.  There was no getting around about it.  
Mrs. Uleana was kind of mean. 

"Kiyone and I...we'd like to sublease our apartments, please."

Mrs. Uleana laughed, snorting.  "So that pushy little friend of yours 
finally sees reality, eh?  About time!"  It was awful how the Vestrans 
knew everything that went on in GP Headquarters, Mihoshi reflected.  
The Vestrans seemed to have no respect for the people they lived off 
of...only contempt.  "Look, why don't you silly girls just give up the 
apartments, eh?  I'll cancel the lease right now.  Lots of people with 
real jobs at the Headquarters need a place to stay and don't want to 
chance the insecurity of subleasing.  How about it?"

Mihoshi hesitated.  Mean as she might be, Mrs. Uleana was talking 
sense now.  It was foolish to keep apartments they had no use for.  
Even if this Klove case got them their rank back, there was no 
guarantee that they would be reassigned to Headquarters.  There were 
plenty of Sergeant jobs that would send them all over the galaxy.  
Although Mihoshi respected Kiyone terribly, she knew that her partner 
was living a kind of pipe dream, really.  Certainly, judging from the 
way that mean Sergeant Katzaar acted, hardly anyone at Headquarters 
wanted them back.

Yet...Mihoshi knew how much the hope of returning to Headquarters 
meant to Kiyone.  There was no way Mihoshi would spoil that hope.

"No, ma'am, not right now.  Maybe later.  But we'd sure like to 
sublease now."

Mrs. Uleana looked at her disbelievingly though the viewscreen.  "You 
let yourself be guided by that big-mouthed partner of yours.  Why not 
just give up your lease and let her go hang?  You ought to, girl.  
With your grandfather, you have some standing around here and you 
could end up being re-assigned here.  I'll find you a place to stay, 
never fear, if you are.  But that partner of yours...I hear a lot and 
she's headed for the scrap heap.  Mark my words, girl.  She's poison 
to herself and anyone around her."

Tears formed in Mihoshi's eyes.  The awful gossip!  All the Vestrans 
did was gossip about folks in the GP, it seemed...and now they 
gossiped about Kiyone.  She resolutely blinked her tears away.  It 
was vital—-absolutely vital—-that they sublease their apartments.  
Tenchi's father needed the money, awfully.  Hotly defending Kiyone, 
no matter how she ached to do it, would just antagonize Mrs. Uleana 
and the landlady would just terminate the connection.  So, with a 
supreme effort, Mihoshi only said:

"I'll...I'll mark your words, ma'am.  Thank you.  But I'm with Kiyone 
still, so for the time being we'd still like to sublease."

"Very well.  Just don't say I didn't warn you.  As it happens, two 
newly arrived officers need a place to stay and can't be picky about 
the lease terms.  You two be out of your apartments by day after 
tomorrow and I'll move them in.  You want your stuff put in storage?"

"Yes, ma'am.  Thank you, ma'am."

"And you're willing to sublease just for the amount of your lease?"

"Yes ma'am."   

Mrs. Uleana snorted.  "So foolish!  I could squeeze a few more Jurais 
out of them if you'd be willing to wait."

"I know, ma'am.  But we can't wait."

"Broke, are you?"

"Ummmm...things are a little tight, ma'am."  Mihoshi thought it best 
to be upfront with the landlady.  Besides, Mrs. Uleana probably knew 
their financial situation anyway.  She had access to credit reports 
on both her and Kiyone.

"That partner of yours!  Poison!  And here you are, Lady Mihoshi of 
Kawaiidan."  Mrs. Uleana always found out everything she could about 
her tenants.  She would have been a superb GP officer.  "Does your 
father, Lord Botaki, know about your situation?  I won't even ask 
whether your poor grandfather knows."

There went Mrs. Uleana again, treating her like a baby!  "That really 
is my business, ma'am.  Thank you for subleasing our apartments.  Will 
you have our allotments stopped, please?"

"Yes, yes.  Well, I tried to help you.  You remember that, girl.  
Out."

Mrs. Uleana's unattractive face vanished from the viewscreen.

Mihoshi took a moment, and allowed the hurtful and angry tears to 
flow down her cheeks.  She sobbed a little...just a little.  Poor 
Kiyone!  Her name was mud now.  Mihoshi knew her grandfather would 
favor her breaking off from Kiyone.  He had hinted as much after the 
demotion.  But Mihoshi had insisted she be teamed with Kiyone still.  
But now, if even Mrs. Uleana was spreading dirt about Kiyone, it 
wouldn't be long until Grandfather would insist that she have a new 
partner.  It would break Mihoshi's heart but it would also salvage 
her GP career and that was an unassailable fact.  It was also a 
nasty, mean fact.  Mihoshi thrust it aside.  She and Kiyone would 
make an arrest in that Klove case--they would--and that would lead 
to their vindication.  So there!  Now it was time for that nice bath.

As the tanned, blue-eyed, blonde-haired GP officer undressed, she 
perked up enough to hum a little tune.  It was the tune to "The Brady 
Bunch" of all things.  Mihoshi smiled as she thought of how the little 
girl with the pigtails in that show kind of resembled Sasami.

If she had known then what Kiyone had discovered in the Records 
Depository at GP Headquarters, Mihoshi would not have hummed at all.  
In fact, she may not have even bothered to get out of bed.



"So your father's taking those people to a real quality joint, huh?" 
Ryoko asked Tenchi.  The two of them were sitting on a couch in the 
living room, watching television after dinner.  At least, Tenchi was 
trying to watch television.

The program on the tube was "Chibi Maruko-chan," an anime that was a 
ratings smash according to Video Research (Japan's equivalent of the 
Nielsen ratings) on Fuji TV.  Everyone talked about it.  Tenchi 
thought the storyline--about an irritating little girl who bedeviled 
her poor grandfather and lived a selfishly riotous life with her 
cronies--was pretty hard going.  Ryoko thought it was cute, but Tenchi 
was cuter.

Tenchi gave up on "Maruki"—-he hit the "mute" button on the remote 
control.  "Yeah.  It's a really nice restaurant.  Dad and Grandfather 
will be meeting Mr. Horibuchi and Mrs. Takanawa there.  I hope they 
like Dad's idea.  He needs both of them to get the new business off 
the ground."

"Oh, with your Grandfather there, your Dad'll do fine.  A few homey 
platitudes from Lord Yosho and he'll have those Earthlings eating from 
his hand.  You know that."

"I don't know that, Ryoko, and I'm an Earthling too...remember?"

"Oh, but you're special.  You're Lord Tenchi, from Jurai."  Ryoko 
snuggled against him.  "And you're the sweetest boy around." 

"I'm Lord Tenchi by happenstance.  I'm not from Jurai.  Anyway, Mr. 
Horibuchi and Mrs. Takanawa are very nice people.  If they throw in 
with Dad, we're lucky."

"Okay, okay.  But they will.  It's a good deal for them.  Hey, let's 
watch wrestling...what do you say?"

"I say--you have a nerve, Ryoko!"

It wasn't Tenchi speaking, but Ayeka, who had just stepped into the 
room.

"Great.  Here come the sermon," Ryoko muttered.

"I turn my back for five minutes to help Sasami in the kitchen...and 
you have poor Lord Tenchi watching rubbish on television and now you 
want him to watch worse rubbish!"  Ayeka seemed to be working herself 
up into a good scold.

"Um...Ayeka, I picked this show," Tenchi told the Princess gently.

"Yeah!  So nuts to you!" Ryoko added ungently.

"But...Lord Tenchi, really.  Anime!  That is what I expect Sasami and 
Mihoshi to watch."  Ayeka realized her flub but decided to hold her 
ground.  Lord Tenchi would have to learn to watch programs that did 
not demean him.  

"Not all anime is "Pokemon," Ayeka.  Some of it is for adults," 
Tenchi said.

"Lord Tenchi!"  Ayeka looked shocked.

"Oh, I didn't mean that!"

Ryoko laughed.  This was better than wrestling!

"I just meant that the storylines and plots in anime reflect real 
life sometimes, even if the backgrounds are fantastic."  Tenchi knew 
Ayeka meant well, but she was narrow-minded at times, and she should 
not try to impose her values on him.  It was not the first time she 
had tried to do just that.  He was not a high school kid anymore and 
he neither required nor wanted Ayeka's monitoring, even if her 
intentions were good.

"As you say, Lord Tenchi."  Ayeka retreated in her usual diffident 
manner.  In doing so, she gave the distinct impression that she was 
sacrificing the truth to keep the peace.  Tenchi had always found 
that pose irritating.  Tonight he found it especially irritating.

"Ayeka, if you agree with me, that's fine.  But if you don't, say so.  
I won't get mad and frankly I'd like it better."  Tenchi tried to 
keep his voice even, but a little of his irritation came through.

"I..."  Ayeka seemed at a loss.  "I suppose I had better go see if 
Sasami still needs help in the kitchen."

Just as the Princess turned, Sasami walked into the living room.  "I 
don't need help, Ayeka.  The dishes are all done.  Thanks, anyway.  
What are you all watching?  Oohhhh, it's anime!  Is it good, Tenchi?"

"Some of us think so," Ryoko said, looking at Ayeka.  "And some of us 
don't."

"She didn't ask you, Ryoko," Tenchi told her.

"Yes, sweetums."

"In fact, it's very highly rated."  Tenchi pushed the "mute" button.  
The television responded with sound.  "Why don't you watch it with 
Ryoko?  You deserve a break, Sasami."

"Can I?  Great!"  Sasami walked over and sat on the couch with Tenchi 
and Ryoko.  Ayeka looked at them with a helpless expression.  She 
turned her back to them, so they couldn't see her face.  It was a 
typical move on her part. 

"Ryoko," Tenchi said.  "Will you stay here and watch TV with Sasami?"

"Yeah, sure, sweetums.  You know I like the Junior Princess."

"Thanks, Ryoko," Sasami said happily.

An aggravated noise issued from Ayeka, but no spoken words.  Her back 
was still turned to them.

"Okay, I'll hold you to it."  Tenchi stood up.  "Ayeka.  Let's go 
outside for a moment.  Okay?"

Ayeka quivered, almost imperceptibly.  But she answered, "Yes, Lord 
Tenchi."

Tenchi walked to the front door and opened it.  He waited for the 
Princess.  Ayeka silently walked to the genkan, removed her house 
slippers, slipped into her sandals, and stepped into the gloom of 
evening.  Tenchi followed suit, sliding the door closed behind them.

"What's up?  Where are they going?" Sasami asked worriedly.

"Awww...Tenchi's going to tell your big sister a thing or two.  She 
was being a pain.  Again."  

"Oh," Sasami said.  "I understand."

"I know you do.  That's why I like you, kiddo."

"I'm glad you do, Ryoko.  If I tell you something...you won't get mad 
at me, will you?"

Now Ryoko punched the "mute" button.  "Naw, I can take it--from you, 
anyway.  Fire away."

"Ryoko, I think Ayeka is still awfully embarrassed and humiliated 
over all that business with Professor Klove.  He made her look real 
vulnerable, you know?  I think she thinks Tenchi sees her as maybe 
being...well, unstable.  Meanwhile, you've been just fine, Ryoko.  I 
think Ayeka feels she's on the verge of losing Tenchi forever and, 
well...you shouldn't be so hard on her."

"Hard on her?  She gives as good as she gets!"

"Does she, Ryoko?  Lately?"

"Well..."  Ryoko mulled over Sasami's words.  It wasn't in her best 
interest to ease up on the Princess.  But Ayeka had been made to look 
pretty marginal lately and it wasn't her fault.  Maybe she should cut 
the Princess some slack, just a little, until this Klove business was 
finished.  Then the gloves could come off again.  That was only 
fighting fair...and Tenchi would appreciate it, Ryoko knew.

"No, she's been pretty swamped, I guess.  Okay, Sasami.  I'll keep 
what you said in mind."

"I'm glad."  Sasami sounded relieved.

"Hey...this little Maruki chick is something else!  Look at her tear 
into those dumb guys.  Reminds me of me when I was growing up."  Ryoko 
punched the "mute" button again and they both could hear the show now 
as well as view it.

Sasami watched the TV screen.  "Uh-huh.  But she should treat her 
grandfather nicer.  Poor man."

"Awww, Junior Princess.  You think everybody should treat everybody 
nice."

"Yes, I do," Sasami said seriously.



Many light years away, Tris didn't have the option of watching what 
passed for television in the Galactic Union.  But the reading 
material he had brought proved to be a more than acceptable 
alternative.

He had finished "Horror-Wood," and was trying to plow thorough 
"Popular-ongaku Kenkyu" magazine, an annual journal that covered 
Japanese pop music, a topic that interested him.  His reading skills 
in Japanese were still not very advanced and he found himself 
re-reading segments repeatedly to ensure he had grasped their 
meaning.  It didn't help that the prose was the usual academic 
Japanese—-example: "The unique beauties of poetry and music 
respectively make for a successful marriage, and create a new 
aesthetic value, and an original poetic beauty for the song"—-the 
song was one composed by Prevert, for goodness sake!

Suddenly Tris again heard the tones that informed him that the front 
door panel was being pressed outside.  He rose from the couch and 
walked over to the front door security panel.  He peered into the 
viewscreen.  Kiyone stood there in the hallway.  What?  She was back 
already?

He grinned.  He pressed a touchpad that Kiyone had foolishly shown 
him earlier.

The tone sounded again...and again.

Outside, Kiyone was getting damned impatient.  She didn't want to 
just walk in on Tris, but she would if he didn't open the damned 
door.

Tris didn't open the damned door.  Kiyone growled to herself.  She 
pressed her hand fully on the panel...that would open the door.

But it didn't.

Then Kiyone understood.  She had showed Tris the lockout tab that 
would prevent anyone, except the landlady, from opening the door.  It 
was a little-used security enhancement--and Tris had used it.

"Tris!" Kiyone said.  "Open the door."  Her voice carried clearly 
into her apartment via the security panel, thanks to the outside 
audio inputs.

"Forget it, Detective Split Ends," Tris said into the panel, which 
broadcast his voice into the hallway.  "You're too mean."

"Arrrrgghhh—-"

"See?"

"Tris!"

"Okay...but say the password first."

"What password?  Listen, you—-"

"Hey, my girlfriend told me how important security is.  She thinks 
everybody is out to get her.  So you may be a Kiyone look-alike, a 
spy trying to see if Kiyone makes her bed or something.  So you have 
to say the password."

"I'm in no mood for this!"

"Nope.  That's not the password."

"Okay.  I'm gonna count to ten...and if you don't open that door, 
I'll knock you silly—-even sillier than you are—-"

"Gee, you sure sound like Kiyone, I'll admit that.  Hey, I know!  
Smile."

"Huh?"

"Smile for me, strange lady.  My Kiyone has the prettiest and nicest 
smile in the galaxy.  That's because she's wonderful, even though she 
does get mad awful easy."

Standing outside the door, Kiyone fumed for a second or two.  Then she 
gave up.  Besides, Tris did say something really sweet.  It did kind 
of perk her up and she needed perking up in the worst way.  She 
smiled.

"Ahhh, that's my Kiyone all right.  No faking that smile."

The door slid open.

Still smiling, Kiyone walked in.  Tris stood there.  She jabbed him 
in the chest.

"Ow!"

"When I say open the door—-open it!"

"Uh-huh...you just gave me plenty of incentive to do that," Tris told 
her.  "Sure I'll open the door next time."

Kiyone turned and punched the security panel touchpad to close the 
door.  As the door slid shut, her eyes fell on the indicator.  "Hey, 
we had a visitor.  Who was it?" 

"Not sure."  Rubbing his chest tenderly, Tris briefly sketched out a 
description of the visitor.  "She sort of looked like that Mitsuki, 
from what you've told me about her."

"Mitsuki!"  Kiyone stopped smiling.  "Sure it was her—-that bitch!  
Checking up on me!"

"You think so?  She could send someone else to do that.  Why be so 
obvious about it?"

"Well..."  Kiyone had to admit that Mitsuki would hardly check up on 
her personally.  That was a job for a flunky.  "Then why did she come 
by—-and it was her, no doubt.  There's no one else on the GP staff 
who looks like her."

"No other ravishing redheads, huh?"

"Ravishing?"  Kiyone eyed him narrowly.  "You found her attractive?"

"She's a doll."

"Hah!  Then go date her!"

"Can't.  My jealous girlfriend holds me prisoner in her apartment."

"You—-!"  Kiyone began to swing at him, but Tris dodged.  Then she 
laughed.  "You big dummy!"

"No, that's when I'm outside this apartment.  Remember?"

Kiyone grinned.  Her anger and irritation had vanished.  "Okay, Tris, 
you got me good and maybe I kind of deserved it.  But, seriously--why 
do you think Mitsuki came by?" 

"You're asking me?"

"Of course I'm asking you, clown!  There's no one else here."  Kiyone 
was becoming nettled again.

"Well, gosh, pretty lady, since you value my opinion all that much..."  

"Just answer the question!"

"Okay.  But you're going to think I'm crazy."

"I already think you're crazy.  Spill it."

"Maybe she wanted to...just talk," Tris ventured hesitantly.

"Talk?  To me?  You're dreaming."

"Huh-uh.  If I was dreaming, we wouldn't be standing here talking, 
boy."  Tris waggled his eyebrows at her.

"Get your mind back on the subject!  Talk about what?"

"Talk about what she did to you and Mihoshi...and maybe how to make 
things right without deep-sixing her own career."  Tris looked at 
Kiyone meaningfully.

"That's a laugh!  Tris, you're like Mihoshi sometimes.  You think 
people are willing to do the right thing.  I'm a cop and I know they 
aren't.  You have to force them."  Kiyone's expression was dour.  
"And Mitsuki would need a blaster put to her head to tell the truth.  
She has too much to lose now."

"Well, maybe a blaster at her head beats what's going on inside her 
now.  Do the words "guilt" and "remorse" mean anything to you, 
Officer?"

"Yes they do, Tris.  But I don't think they mean much to Mitsuki."

"All the same, perhaps you two should try to talk."

"Forget it," Kiyone said firmly.  "Somehow, the truth will come out 
and that bitch will get hung up to dry.  That's what I'm looking 
forward to."  Kiyone saw Tris's expression and relented.  "Well...I'm 
not looking forward to that, exactly.  Just vindication, and my rank 
back."

"This Klove case ought to accomplish that, right?"

"No, it won't."  Kiyone's voice and expression were grim.  "That hope 
is dashed, Tris.  That's why I'm home so soon.  Just one record check 
and a few comm calls and the whole thing fell apart."

"Really?  What happened, Blue Eyes?"

Tris's voice was soft and sympathetic and he had used his pet name for 
her.  Kiyone felt she was unraveling from being bound up too tightly.  
She slipped her arms around Tris and held him close.  Tris slipped his 
arms around her.  She pressed her face against his shoulder  

"Hoo-boy...!"  Kiyone's voice was muffled from his shoulder.  "What a 
rotten day!  First, I get the cold shoulder from nearly everyone at 
Headquarters.  Then I read the record on the Klove case.  I couldn't 
believe it, Tris.  The investigation is hopeless at this end and 
probably hopeless, period.  We may not be able to help Ayeka at all." 

"What did the record say?" Tris asked quietly.

"Is it okay if I wait until Mihoshi comes with the food?  I don't want 
to have to say it twice.  Once will be bad enough!"

"It's okay.  I'm sorry you had such a tough time."

Kiyone raised her head from his shoulder.  "You're a darling.  You 
haven't kissed me yet, you know."

"You're right."  Tris remedied that.  Kiyone clung to him and kissed 
him back, long and deep.

"Tris," she murmured when they came up for air.  "Let me slip out of 
this uniform and into something a little less starchy.  I'll be back 
in two shakes, okay?"

"Okay.  Need any help?"

Kiyone laughed.  "No, you clown!"

Still smiling—-the goofball had made her feel a little better, 
already—-Kiyone walked to her bedroom...and firmly closed the door 
behind her.



It was the most lovely of spring evenings outside the Masaki home.  
The sun had set, so that eventide's deep purple fell, not only over 
sleepy garden walls, but all over the landscape as well.  The air was 
warm and pleasant and perfumed with emerging flowers.  It was rather 
as if a gentle and thoughtful Keeper had covered the birdcage called 
Earth with a dark veil, allowing all the fluttering and chirping---
and bird-brained--beings in the cage a chance for a night's sweet 
repose.  Except that the insects weren't cooperating.  Led by the 
cicadas, they had set up their usual evening's combination aerial 
display, light show, and concert.

Standing sturdily at their posts beside the gate and observing the 
Princess standing outside the house with Lord Tenchi, Azaka II and 
Kamidake II both blinked with interest, but otherwise continued 
their sotto-voce discussion as to why cicadas buzzed so darned 
much. 

Tenchi and Ayeka had walked just beyond the house and then had 
stopped, with the Princess in the lead.  Tenchi now looked at Ayeka's 
back.  He noticed the rather large bow she tied off the sash of her 
robed gown with.  It was formal and pretty...like Ayeka.  He decided 
to start the conversation.

"Ayeka.  I want to apologize."

"Apologize?"  Ayeka was surprised.  She was prepared for a dressing-
down for being a scold, not for being apologized to...not by Lord 
Tenchi.  She turned to face him.  "Whatever for, Lord Tenchi?"

"I was too abrupt with you in there, Ayeka.  I did mean what I said.  
But I could have said it...well, nicer I guess.  I know you were 
brought up a certain way and that you have been raised to avoid 
quarreling and making scenes."

"Yes.  It is the way I am...and I cannot change."

Tenchi stepped closer to her.  "You can change a little, Ayeka.  You 
have, you know, since you first came here."

"Have I, Lord Tenchi?"  

"I think you have.  You don't fight quite so often with Ryoko and 
when you do, it's low-key--if not low-volume!"

"I am quite ashamed of my past behavior with that woman, Lord Tenchi.  
It was unseemly.  I have made that clear, I hope."  Ayeka did not 
like being reminded of her firefights with the space pirate.  It was 
humiliating now to think of how she must have seemed to Lord Tenchi 
and Lord Yosho and all the rest--using her scared Juraian powers to 
try to restrain that Ryoko.  Even little Sasami, no matter how 
provoked, would never had done such things.  It was Ayeka's love for 
Lord Tenchi that had caused her to go a bit...wild...back then.  But 
that was no excuse.

"Ayeka, I'm not dredging up the past.  I'm just saying you've changed 
and you can keep changing, a little.  You've really taken us under 
your wing.  You're the mistress of our home, without a doubt.  You and 
Sasami clean, cook our meals, and look after us.  Those aren't the 
things a stuck-up, snooty Princess would do, despite what Ryoko says 
sometimes.  We all know that.  I know that."

"Oh, Lord Tenchi.  Do you feel that way...truly?"  Ayeka stared up at 
Tenchi, her expression hopeful but uncertain.

"Yes, I do.  And if you can change the way you have, you can learn to 
assert yourself with me.  Really, I don't mean let's argue, but if you 
don't agree with me, let's discuss it.  Don't carry the conversation 
up to a certain point, and then just retreat into politeness.  I might 
be wrong about what we're talking about, you know.  If so, you need to 
set me straight."

"I think I understand.  I suppose it is better to settle something 
rather than to leave it unsettled."

"Sure it is.  Like tonight.  If you had sat down and watched that 
program with us and afterwards you still thought it was unsuitable 
viewing for grownups, then you could have said so, and at least you 
would have watched it first.  Do you see?"

Ayeka smiled ruefully.  "Yes, indeed, I do see, Lord Tenchi.  I wonder 
why that did not occur to me."

Tenchi touched Ayeka's arm gently.  "Don't dwell on that.  Just let it 
occur to you the next time."

Ayeka colored at Tenchi's touch.  "Is that...all you wished to discuss 
with me?"

"Sure.  What else?"

"Ohhhh--I am so glad!" Ayeka burst out.  She turned her head.

"Ayeka..."  Tenchi gently touched her face and turned it toward him.  
Ayeka was crying.  "Whoa, now!  You didn't think I was...Ayeka!"

"Well, I have been so...infirm, lately...and not very nice to be 
around.  I thought you might ask me to..."

"Not a chance." Tenchi was firm.  "You don't get away that easy!"

Ayeka smiled tentatively through her tears.  She had no intention 
of getting away...not now.

"I'll make my choice as I've promised you two and then we'll see," 
Tenchi told her firmly.  "You'll always be part of our family, 
Ayeka.  You remember that, okay?"

"Yes...I mean, okay, Lord Tenchi."

"And if you think this problem with that Professor Klove has lowered 
you in my eyes, you're just plain wrong.  You were a helpless little 
girl back then and he victimized you.  But nothing he or anyone else 
can do can defeat you, Ayeka.  You've proven that.  You've helped Dad 
bounce back and gave us all hope for the future.  You did that, Ayeka, 
even after you were attacked.  No matter how things end up...you'll 
always be First Princess to me."

In response, Ayeka's ruby eyes shimmered and more tears flowed.  But 
they were tears of joy.  Tenchi took out his handkerchief and gently 
wiped away her tears.  Ayeka sighed, suddenly happy and contented.

"I guess we'd better go back inside," Tenchi said, taking Ayeka 
by the hand.  "No doubt Ryoko's switched the channel to wrestling by 
now."

"If she has done that, with Sasami there—-!" Ayeka began angrily.  
Then she looked at Tenchi.  She laughed, and he joined her.  "Well, we 
can find something more suitable to watch, can we not?"

"Sure," said Tenchi.  "Maybe that violent cop show where they crash 
half a dozen cars every episode."

"Ohhhh!  Lord Tenchi, what shall I do with you?"  It was purely a 
rhetorical question, of course.  Ayeka knew exactly what she would do 
with Lord Tenchi.  She would love him to the day she died.

Azaka II and Kamidake II watched the Princess and Lord Tenchi walk, 
hand-in-hand, back to the house.

"I wish Lord Tenchi would hurry up and marry the Princess," Azaka II 
commented.  "I would not mind staying on this planet...even despite 
all these cicadas."

"It is incomprehensible why humans do not attend to such matters with 
more dispatch," Kamidake II replied.  "But they do seem to take some 
enjoyment in the process itself.  It is no matter, though.  The 
Princess is safe and she is happy."

"Indeed."



Tris had just sat down on the couch after packing his magazines back 
into his overnight bag when the door of Kiyone's bedroom opened, and 
Kiyone stepped out.  Tris dropped the overnight bag.  He stood up and 
stared at her.

It was quite a change from Kiyone's stiff and formal uniform look.  
She was wearing a soft lavender short-sleeved v-neck sweater, tight 
pants of some glossy navy-blue material, and she was barefoot.  To 
the proper and formal-minded Kiyone, the height of kicking back and 
relaxing was being able to take off shoes or boots and go barefoot.  
It was an indication of her deep regard for Tris that she did so in 
his presence.

"I just put on my lay-around clothes," Kiyone told him, although she 
certainly appreciated the way he looked at her.  She had also quickly 
brushed her long, glossy teal hair so that it hung softly down her 
shoulders and she had added a smidgen of lip gloss to her lips.  That 
was all, but that was enough.

"I like the way you lay around, then," Tris said.

"Clown!  Let's sit down on the couch."

Tris sat down with dispatch.  Kiyone sat down next to him, so that 
not even an air molecule separated them.  She slipped her arms around 
his neck and pulled him down to her, so that she was resting her head 
against the bolster on the couch's padded arm.  It was a most 
comfortable and convenient position for some serious necking, which 
was what Kiyone intended.

She kissed Tris's silly, cute nose and then kissed his cheeks softly.  
She whispered, "I don't know about you...but I think we ought to get 
caught up on all the kissing we were cheated out of by all those 
interruptions back on Earth.  What do you think?"

"I think," Tris murmured, "that's one darned fine idea."

"Good boy..."

They kissed, slowly, exploringly...then they began to melt against 
each other...their lips meshed together, again and again.  Kiyone held 
Tris closer.  Their kiss deepened.  It took a long time to conclude 
that kiss, and when they did, they plunged right in again.  Tris and 
Kiyone kissed slowly and dreamily.  They really were making up for 
lost time.

Kissing Kiyone was absolutely intoxicating to Tris.  He couldn't 
recall ever having a woman so warm and soft, so sweet and giving, 
press against him and merge with him, somehow.  It wasn't just 
desire, he knew, although there was certainly plenty of that 
smoldering around.

Suddenly, Tris felt Kiyone's mouth press more insistently against 
his...he felt her lips part against his...then...he felt her tongue, 
very timidly, slip into his mouth.  His tongue met hers.  Now his 
head was really spinning.  They both moaned a little.  Their tongues 
intermingled softly, in their fused mouths.

Tris was woozy when they broke off what had become a pretty torrid 
French kiss.

"Oh, Tris...I hope you don't think that I'm...kind of wanton," Kiyone 
whispered.

"I don't. I didn't know the people from your world--you know--
French-kissed."

"Well, we don't call it that.  But we do kiss that way...if we feel 
very deeply about whom we're kissing."

"Feeling deeply is right," Tris said.  "Wow!"

"I've wanted to kiss you like that for a while now," Kiyone told him.  
"I just didn't have the nerve...until now."

Tris softly stroked Kiyone's silken teal hair.  "Why now...not that 
I'm complaining."

"Everything just seemed to crash and burn today.  You're one thing 
that's good in my life, Tris.  I just wanted to show you how I feel."

"You have lots of good things in your life, Kiyone."

"You think so?  I don't."

"I know so.  Even if this Klove thing is a washout, there'll be other 
cases.  Your chance will come again.  Just don't go postal or 
anything, and it'll be all right.  Really."

"Maybe you're right.  I feel awfully good now, I'll admit."  Kiyone 
began to kiss Tris's face again, lingering on his nose.  "I can't stop 
kissing you.  I don't want to stop kissing you.  Let's just stay like 
this and Mihoshi can have our dinner."

"Hey...aren't you hungry?"

"Yes, I am."  Kiyone's lips now found his ear.  She whispered, "But 
it's not food I'm hungry for, darling.  You know what I mean...don't 
you?"

Tris had a hell of a good idea what Kiyone meant.  "Kiyone!  Yow!  
Don't tease a guy like that--!"

"I'm not teasing," Kiyone whispered in his ear.  "Now, I'll call 
Mihoshi and tell her to stay at her place and then we'll--"

It was not to be.  The familiar tones sounded, indicating a visitor 
at the door.

"Damn it!" Kiyone cried.  "Oh, damn it, Mihoshi.  You would come 
now!"

"It may not be Mihoshi," Tris reminded her.

"Yipes!"  Kiyone sprang from the couch and sprinted to the foyer.  
She stared at the security panel's viewscreen.  "Phew!  Yes, it's our 
ding-dong.  Thank goodness!  She's carrying a bag...probably with our 
food.  Hey, she's also carrying her travel bag.  What the hell?"

"You better let her in and then find out what the hell," Tris said.  
He groaned to himself.  Boy...to get all hot and bothered, and 
then--!

"You don't mind?"  Kiyone looked at him solicitously.

"Sure I do.  But we can wait.  Mihoshi's stomach can't."

The door's tones sounded again.

"You're right."  Kiyone gave him an ardent and apologetic look.  "I 
guess we're having dinner after all." 



When Nobuyuki and Lord Yosho returned home from their own dinner with 
Seji and Reiko, both were all smiles.

"Success, right?" Tenchi guessed, grinning.

"That's right, son.  Success!"

"It was a most productive dinner...and tasty as well," Lord Yosho 
added.

"All right!" Ryoko said.  "Now you're in business."

"Just about.  A few details still to work out," Nobuyuki said.  He 
and his father-in-law moved deeper into the living room, away from 
the genkan.  Nobuyuki wore a business suit, as expected...and Lord 
Yosho had exchanged his Shinto priest robes on this one occasion for 
a suit as well.  Lord Yosho had worn the suit to ensure his son-in-
law's prospective business partners would be entirely at their ease 
around him.  He looked quite distinguished in a Cambridge gray suit 
and red silk foulard tie.  Ayeka, in particular, seemed to find him 
rather fascinating, dressed in that fashion.

"But they agreed--didn't they, sir?" Sasami asked.

"Yes, Sasami.  They agreed.  It's all set," Nobuyuki assured the 
little Princess.

"And they know they have financing?" Ayeka queried.

"They do.  They don't know where from, but they're happy to have a 
business loan already approved."  Nobuyuki smiled at Ayeka.

Yosho chuckled.  "That's well said, son-in-law."

"Thanks, father-in-law.  Where's Washuu?"

"In her lab.  Go get her, Ryoko," Tenchi said.

"Okay."  Ryoko began to turn around--and almost bumped into the great 
scientist herself.

"No one has to get me...I'm here," Washuu said unnecessarily.  "I 
heard you all come in."  She walked to Nobuyuki.  "You pulled it 
off, didn't you, Nobie?"

"Father-in-law and I did, Washuu."

"Oh, I just ate and listened," Yosho insisted.  "My son-in-law got 
their enthusiasm high, built up their egos, and sold them on the 
venture.  Quite a performance."

"It doesn't surprise me a bit...Nobie."  Washuu smiled up at Nobuyuki.  
"I told you that you had the right stuff in you."

Tenchi noted that his father and Washuu were gazing into each other's 
eyes.  Uh-oh.  He'd have to have a long talk with his Dad about that 
sometime real soon...

"So the Mach Five didn't poop out on you, huh?" he asked his father 
and grandfather, referring to the family's ancient Subaru wagon.

Nobuyuki chuckled.  "I doubt if Tristram would have approved of the 
car's performance tonight.  But the old girl got us to the train 
station and back."  Neither he nor Yosho had wanted to take the bus 
to the train this time around.

"That is a faithful old car," Yosho commented.  "It's rather like 
Tristram's car, in that respect."

Nobuyuki grinned.  "Imagine, father-in-law--if we had shown up at 
the restaurant in Tristram's wonderful old car!  Would we have 
impressed them, or what?"

Lord Yosho smiled.  "At the very least, we would have surprised 
them."  

"Say!" Sasami interjected.  "I know we've all eaten.  But doesn't a 
cup of tea sound good?"

"It sure does, Sasami," Nobuyuki said.  "Then we can sit at the 
dining table and father-in-law and I can tell you all about it."

"That's a deal, Dad," Tenchi said.

All of them—-Lord Yosho, Nobuyuki, Tenchi, Washuu, Ayeka, Ryoko, and 
Sasami—-walked to the dining room, talking and laughing, as if they 
had all achieved a triumph that evening.  And, in a way, they had.



Dinner at Kiyone's apartment on the planet Vestra found its three 
participants feeling less than triumphant, however...especially after 
Kiyone told Mihoshi and Tris what the Galaxy Police's  "close-hold" 
records about the Klove affair had revealed.

"Gosh...no suspect...no case...gosh, Kiyone."  Sitting at Kiyone's 
tiny dining table, Mihoshi was blinking back tears.  Not for herself, 
but for her partner.  She remembered what mean old Mrs. Uleana had 
said.  They needed a good case like that to crack, and soon or Mihoshi 
might be reassigned to another partner.  And Kiyone might then be 
pressured to resign.

So upset was Mihoshi that most of her food remained on her plate.  It 
was a shame.  She had shopped at the corner store so carefully for 
yummy things she felt certain Tris and Kiyone would like.  Now no one 
really had any appetite.  

"Please don't cry, Mihoshi," Kiyone said sadly.  "Or I might start 
crying, too."

Tris looked down at the translucent dinner dish that contained 
several yellow globs that actually smelled appetizing.  He poked at 
them with some chopsticks that Mihoshi had brought from her private 
collection at her apartment.  He was certainly upset with what he had 
heard...and puzzled too.  He knew he had to do something to try to 
dispel all the doom and gloom that seemed to shroud Kiyone and 
Mihoshi.  He had an idea how to do it.  But it was risky.  It could 
backfire on him, big time.

"Hmmmm," he said.  "Kiyone, please let me try to summarize all this 
so I can get it straight.  It might help.  Okay?"

"Okay, Tris."  He felt one of her bare feet gently press on his foot 
beneath the table.  Kiyone appreciated his trying to help although it 
was unlikely he could.

"Let's see.  First of all, this King Asuza of Jurai got upset over 
little Ayeka's bad dreams.  He was smart enough to connect it to this 
Professor Klove's Lyceum.  So, he raised hell and the GP raided the 
Lyceum.  And they found?"

"Nothing!" Kiyone said.  "Just a nice building with nice furnishings.  
There were classrooms and auditoriums.  The place was set up for 
audio broadcasts and the lighting was very intricate and designed for 
single-user operation.  That proved to be significant later on."

"Uh-huh.  So, they raided his house.  And again found?"

"Nothing—-damn it!" Kiyone said sourly.  "Some research of the kind 
that Washuu found in that old Royal Science Academy database was 
laying around...the association of brain wave patterns to the quality 
of dreams, that stuff...but nothing else.  There were a lot of record 
disks, but they had all been wiped clean.  No amount of recovery 
software used by the GP could reclaim the data."  

"Kind of suggestive, but really nothing, I guess.  So, they rounded 
up the Lyceum staff.  And, once more with feeling, the GP found?"

"Nothing again!  The staff were just local folks, either maintenance 
drones or accredited teachers...not a scientist in the bunch.  They 
knew nothing of any experiments by Professor Klove.  They just knew 
that Klove sometimes took over the classes and sent the teachers off 
to have a break." 

"Now, are we sure they were telling the truth?" Tris probed.

Kiyone looked at him grimly.  "Tris, I told you.  Those were local 
folks from Jurai.  As soon as the GP released them, the King's Royal 
Yeomen, those secret police types, went to work on them.  Believe me, 
they didn't use very nice methods of interrogation on those poor 
people.  There was nothing like your Bill of Rights on Jurai back 
then or even the Galactic Union Charter.  Even so, the Yeoman 
couldn't find anything.  The people Klove hired were just stooges.  
Besides, they're all dead now, so they can't be part of any revenge 
scheme."

"All dead?"

"All dead."

"Damned convenient!" Tris said meaningfully. 

"Maybe so...but it's not evidence."

"Yeah.  Okay, so the GP finally got a clue and had some qualified 
mentalists—-what I would call psychiatrists—-examine all the kids, 
including little Ayeka.  That's where the truth came out."

"Right—-and don't pick on the GP, you—-they did their best!" Kiyone 
snapped at him.  It was bad enough reciting the hopeless case without 
Tris disparaging her service.  "Anyway, the kids resisted 
interrogation, which was pretty strange.  So the mentalists really 
went to town and found the children were resisting due to what you 
called a post-hypnotic suggestion.  The mentalists couldn't break it, 
but they gathered enough information from the staff's description of 
school activities--including the mandatory nap time--to piece together 
a theory about what had happened."

"Which was: The children were hypnotized, given various suggestions, 
went home and had bad dreams, and Klove recorded their brain wave 
patterns somehow with some device, which your GP never found."  Tris 
again seemed to be coming down on the Galaxy Police.  Kiyone 
bristled.

"How come they never found that device, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked, 
sounding puzzled.  "Professor Klove didn't know he was going to be 
raided, did he?"

"No, of course not, Mihoshi.  You know how we operate."

"Like storm troopers, it sounds like," Tris commented dryly.  "Thank 
God for the Founding Fathers and the Constitution.  I haven't felt 
this patriotic in ages."

"We have the Galactic Union Charter now!  We have rights!"  Kiyone 
told him crossly.

"Too bad those poor school staff people in Jurai didn't have it back 
then.  Maybe they died under interrogation--you ever think of that?"  
Tris was not holding back his contempt now.

"They did not.  It was probably rough for them, I'll grant you.  But 
they died years later, and in their beds.  I checked thoroughly."  
Kiyone was clarly getting steamed at Tris.  

"In their beds, huh?  Maybe that's significant."

"Maybe...but again, it's not evidence, Tris.  Will you please stick to 
the subject?"

"I thought I was.  And Mihoshi asked a hell of a good question just 
now." Tris pointed out.

"I did?"  Mihoshi smiled.

"You sure did, Mihoshi.  Just how come your GP couldn't find the 
alleged brain wave recording device?"

"It wasn't alleged!"  Kiyone tossed her head angrily.  "Its presence 
fits in with the research that Klove was doing.  He had to have such 
a device to do what he did to those children.  I don't know why it 
never turned up.  It just never did."

"But it should have," Tris insisted.

"Well, it didn't," Kiyone replied.  "That's that."

"But that's not that, Kiyone," Mihoshi said.  "It might mean 
something."

"Like what?"

"I don't know.  But something."  Mihoshi poked at her food.  She 
still wasn't hungry.  She wasn't aware of it, of course, but she had 
just repeated the frustrated words uttered by a king long ago.

"Well, when you find out you tell me."  Kiyone glared at her partner.  
"Don't bug me about this hopeless case, Mihoshi."

Tris fortunately moved on.  "So, okay, no device.  They arrested this 
Klove and investigated his background.  It turned out he was a real 
loner.  He had no living relatives.  His mother and father were 
killed in a fire that consumed them and their home but not Klove 
himself, somehow, back when Klove was a teenager.  Right?"

"Right."  Kiyone had taken a deep breath and repressed her 
irritation. 

"And that's all the information you have on that orphan-making fire, 
huh?"

"That's all."

"Real convenient again.  This case is chock full of convenient 
deaths, ain't it?"

"So?  It is.  If there was more to those deaths it would have been in 
the files I checked," Kiyone insisted.

"Uh-huh.  So Klove somehow got over the trauma of losing his parents."  
Tris smiled ironically.  "Maybe he joined a support group!  Anyway, he 
went to your higher educational institutions, proved himself a genius 
in psychiatric research, wrote some papers on dreams and brain waves, 
was accepted by your Royal Science Academy, got a whopping big 
reputation--and opened the Lyceum on Jurai.  We know nearly all of his 
research papers have all but vanished into thin air.  Washuu already 
established that.  No leads there, then."

"No.  No leads there."  Kiyone was feeling she may have been too 
snappish with Tris...and Mihoshi.  They were just as crestfallen at 
the information about Klove as she was.  She resolved to be hold her 
temper.   

"And Klove himself didn't talk," Tris went on.

"Not a damned word, that bastard," Kiyone said grumpily.  "At least, 
not under interrogation, except to deny all the charges.  His 
counselor—-what you call a lawyer, Tris—-advised him to keep mum and 
I think Klove was inclined to do that anyway.  As you said, the 
evidence against him was suggestive, but not conclusive."

"So he should have gotten off Scott-free," Tris pointed out.  "No one 
could prove the kids were hypnotized and without the device, the 
theory that Klove was experimenting with the kids was just that, a 
theory.  Right?"

"Well..."  Kiyone frowned.  "Yeah, that's right."

"But the almighty King of Jurai was involved, was making threatening 
noises, and no jury in your Galactic Union back then was willing to 
tick off the King.  So Klove was convicted...correct?"  Tris's tone 
was more challenging than interrogatory.

"Correct," Kiyone gritted.  Her resolve to ease up had vanished.  "You 
don't have much respect for our legal process, do you?"

"Nope."

"Tris!" Mihoshi cried.

"Sorry, Mihoshi.  But I call 'em as I see 'em."  Tris was now using a 
favorite phrase of Ryoko's.  That didn't sweeten Kiyone's already 
aroused temper. 

"What's so great about your legal system, buster?  Killers getting 
off with a slap on the wrist--burglars pulling the same sentence as 
armed robbers!  God, and that O. J. Simpson case!  That's your legal 
system at work.  Remember, I told you I watched your Court TV."

"Our system isn't perfect," Tris said.  "But we don't have a King 
browbeating a jury in their deliberations, at least.  We don't have a 
royal family that's so powerful, everyone kowtows to them...even the 
cops.  Klove deserved prison, but not to be railroaded into it.  No 
one deserves that."

"That's true, Kiyone," Mihoshi said sadly.

"I know it's true...but it's over and done with.  We have the system 
we have.  Damn it, Tris!" Kiyone blazed.  "The Juraian royals—-the 
exalted beings like King Asuza and Ayeka—-are immensely powerful!  
They also have the Jurian military as well.  We're just damned lucky 
that they not only uphold the Union Charter, but they helped write 
it, as well--"

"Sure they follow the rules," Tris interrupted her brusquely.  "Except 
when they don't want to go along with your Charter...then they just do 
as they please and you cops have to clean up afterwards, right?"

Kiyone looked at him murderously.  "It's not like that any more!"

"But it was--that's obvious--and that's really what screwed up that 
Klove case.  The King made you cops move in when you should have 
investigated first and gotten the goods on Klove.  Isn't that right?"

"Yes--damn you!"

Mihoshi began to quaver.  "Kiyone--Tris--please don't--"

"Mihoshi—-shut up!  And, Tris—-!"  Kiyone's furious expression spoke 
louder than any words could have.  She rose.  "Mihoshi, take this 
jerk back to your place.  I don't want to see or hear him until—-"  
She fumbled at her wrist to remove the gold ID bracelet.

"No, Kiyone!"  Tears streamed down Mihoshi's cheeks.

"Damn it, Mihoshi, you do what I say--for once!"

"Okay."  Tris stood up.  He folded his arms across his chest.  "Now 
you're good and mad.  Fine!  You're not just sitting back and taking 
it anymore.  Now what?  You can sock me, say something else mean to 
Mihoshi--or use that anger to plunge right back in this damned case 
and solve it.  So...what's your pleasure, Blue Eyes?"

And Tris smiled at her. 

Ohhhh—!  Kiyone was boiling inside.  She wanted to kick Tris, wanted 
to tell Mihoshi to knock off that bawling--

--but most of all...she wanted to solve this bloody damned case.  
God help her...she did.  Even if it seemed unsolvable.  She realized 
now that Tris had deliberately inflamed her to get her to shake off 
her moroseness and get fighting mad—-so she could and would fight.  
Damn him, anyway!

Then Kiyone felt her rage evaporate.  A new feeling of determination 
replaced it.  So what if the case did seem impossible.  Then by God 
she'd do the impossible!  She was back--back to thinking like a police 
officer and not some hapless victim.  Ayeka and the others back on 
Earth were counting on her.  So were Mihoshi--and Tris.  She hesitated 
a moment.  Then her fingers re-affixed the ID bracelet to her wrist.

"Think you're pretty smart...don't you?"  Kiyone's voice had moderated 
greatly.  Slowly, she resumed her seat.

"Nope.  I think you're pretty smart...and pretty."  Tris sat back 
down, too.  "There's a solution and you'll find it--you and Mihoshi-- 
if you stick to your guns."  Tris unfolded his arms.  "I'm sure of 
it, Kiyone.  There's just too much unanswered about this case, and 
you know it.  You may need Washuu and Lord Yosho and Tenchi and 
everyone else to assist, but that's okay.  It's still your case and 
you'll solve it.  Right?"

"Right...you big clown."  Kiyone stared at him wonderingly.  "You 
know, I was about to either knock you into next Tuesday or never 
speak to you again, Tris.  You took a big chance your little tactic 
would work."

"I know.  But better you get mad at me than just feel defeated and 
hopeless about this case.  You have a lot of good reasons to, I'll 
admit, but there has to be an answer to whatever attacked Ayeka and a 
way to stop it.  You agree?"

"I agree.  We're going to find that answer, whatever it is."  Kiyone 
gave Tris a deceptively sweet look.  "And we're going to have a nice 
long talk about your little tactics, buster...oh, yes, indeed we are."

Tris winced in anticipation of that talk. 

Mihoshi beamed through her tears.  Gosh...now everything was hopeful.  
And Kiyone was smiling again.  Mihoshi wanted to hug Tris for what he 
had done.  

"So let's go through the rest of it, shall we?" Tris said.

"Let's," Kiyone agreed.  Beneath the table, her foot pressed against 
his again, briefly but significantly.

"So anyway, the court convicted Professor Klove," Tris continued.  
"Suddenly he got real vocal."

"He sure did," Kiyone confirmed.  "At his sentencing, he started 
making speeches about the need to sacrifice for the good of science 
and about the power we all have inside us...just the most awful kind 
of gobbledygook."  Kiyone grimaced.  "You can imagine how that went 
over with the sentencing magistrate—-like a lead balloon.  He got 
life imprisonment."

"Only, sentence wasn't exactly carried out...was it?"

"No it wasn't," Kiyone said ruefully.  "And that's why we're stymied.  
Professor Klove suddenly collapsed in his cell.  He was rushed to an 
aid station.  He was alive but completely comatose.  He couldn't hear 
anything said to him and didn't respond to touch, sound, smell, or 
anything...and I can imagine they weren't exactly gentle with him.  
His motor functions worked—-he breathed and his heart beat.  But he 
was in a profoundly deep coma.  He was brain scanned and--"  Kiyone 
didn't like to say it.  It was the worst part of all.

"And he was brain dead," Tris said flatly.

"Gosh."  Mihoshi was still deeply moved by the revelation, even 
though she had heard that bit before.  

"Well, nearly brain dead.  The brain scans found some brain wave 
activity.  But it was completely chaotic...no patterns, so it wasn't 
thought or any rational process.  Just the brain functioning without 
direction or control, kind of spinning its wheels, that's all.  Brain 
dead is close enough, I guess," Kiyone explained without enthusiasm.

"Yeah, close enough.  He was brain scanned regularly, you said?"

"Yes, for a long time.  It was no use.  The condition persisted.  So 
he was bundled to a mental institution for criminals on a planet 
called Souiis--our favorite planet, right?"  Kiyone grinned acidly.

"Wrong," Mihoshi said.  "That's where those awful boys and girls 
live--they called me Mop Head!"

"I didn't mean...oh, never mind, Mihoshi."  Kiyone shrugged.  "Anyway, 
they have him there still, after all these years.  They have to feed 
him with a tube, he has no control over his bodily functions--"

"Oh, yuck," said Mihoshi.  "Do we have to talk about that?"

"No, we don't.  Sorry, Mihoshi.  The point is, once again, that he is 
in no condition to do anything--anything at all.  Even if he was 
mentally alert, he has no access to any machinery or people outside 
the institution.  The guards are rotated every three of Souiis's 
months and so are the attending physicians and nurses.  All the 
support staff are contracted and the contract changes regularly.  They 
make damned certain there's no chance any patient, even if alert, can 
form a relationship with any of the staff."

"That's smart of them.  So..."  Tris mulled over the information.  "We 
have only one possible suspect--and that suspect couldn't possibly do 
anything to anybody."

"That's exactly it, Tris Coffin."  Kiyone looked at him a bit 
peevishly.  "Okay, you knocked me out of my funk--thank you for that--
but we still have this damned wall we're hitting.  Solve this case?  
There's nothing to solve.  We're like those cadets at Headquarters, 
guarding ships that can't be stolen."

"Listen, Kiyone Makibi, something was messing with Ayeka in your 
bedroom.  I still have the pulled muscles from having to move those 
damned wardrobes upright, you know.  So you do have a case.  Someone 
is interfering with our Princess--or was, at least."

"Maybe Professor Klove had a confederate back then after all," Mihoshi 
speculated.  "One that's doing bad things for him even now.  Maybe 
Professor Klove wasn't the loner they say he was."

"No.  I just don't think so, Mihoshi," Kiyone said.  "I told you most 
of the people involved with him are dead now.  Even his lawyer and 
the presiding and sentencing magistrates, the prosecutor, all the 
jury--now, don't you give me that look, Tris Coffin!  I know it smells 
to high heaven.  But all their deaths were due to natural causes."

"Yeah.  They also died in their sleep too, no doubt," Tris said 
ironically.

"They did, at that.  Anyway, that's why I really doubt there's a 
confederate involved.  Even if Klove had a distant disciple back then, 
there'd be some record of it somewhere.  There is none.  It was a long 
time ago, and the idea that someone could have remain hidden from all 
the ongoing investigations and yet have Klove's secret research and 
hidden machinery and then resume operations now...it's really far-
fetched."

"I guess so," Mihoshi said.  "So it's probably someone new, someone 
who's doing Professor Klove's dirty work for some reason."

Kiyone smiled at her partner.  She was pleased that Mihoshi was taking 
an active part in their discussions. 

"Could be.  But there's a timing problem with all this," Tris pointed 
out.

Kiyone nodded.  "Exactly.  Why wait until now to attack Ayeka?  Why 
let so many years go by?  What is so special about now?"

"Maybe..."  Mihoshi's forehead was furrowed with thought.  "I think 
maybe it's because Ayeka is on Earth now and living with us...with 
Lord Yosho and Tenchi...so she's really under their protection, right?  
And if something really awful happens to her, won't the King and the 
royals on Jurai kind of blame Lord Yosho and Tenchi?"  Mihoshi looked 
at Kiyone and Tris, her expression hopeful.

Now both Tris and Kiyone smiled at her.  "That's a really good point, 
Mihoshi," Kiyone told her.  "That's one very strong motive all right."

"Really?" Mihoshi asked.  "I mean...sure it is.  Lord Yosho and Tenchi 
would be in deep trouble with the King if Ayeka were hurt.  Gosh, I 
hate to think what would happen then!"

"Yeah, me too.  But," Kiyone added, "I have to put a snag in your 
theory, Mihoshi.  This is Ayeka's second visit to Earth, you know.  
If harming Lord Yosho and Tenchi as well as Ayeka was the culprit's 
motive, why wait until now?  Why didn't he make his move the first 
time Ayeka was living on Earth with the Masakis?  He couldn't have 
known that Ayeka would return to Earth again.  Even Ayeka didn't know 
that.  Her split from Tenchi was supposed to be permanent."

"Oh, yeah, that's right.  Golly, I forgot, Kiyone."  Mihoshi frowned 
and furrowed her brow again.  "Then...maybe the culprit got hold of 
Professor Klove's notes and stuff only just recently.  Maybe that's 
why he's attacking Ayeka only now and not earlier."

"That's a possibility, Mihoshi," Kiyone admitted.  "But that's pre-
supposing this culprit sympathizes with Professor Klove or has a real 
strong gripe himself against the Jurai royal family."

"Doesn't everybody?"  Tris grinned.

"No, they don't!"  Then Kiyone grinned. too.  "Oh, no you don't--
you're not getting me going again!"

"I told you that you were smart," Tris said.  "Anyway, you're right.  
This new player theory is pretty shaky.  We can't dismiss it, though.  
It's really all we have to go on."

"That's right.  That was good thinking, Mihoshi," Kiyone said.  "It's 
a working hypothesis, anyway.  It's more than we had before."

"Thanks!"  Mihoshi smiled happily.  She picked up her chopsticks and 
attacked her food now.  "Gosh, I'm hungry!"  

Kiyone and Tris looked at each other and smiled.  They watched Mihoshi 
eat with gusto while they both managed to eat a little, too.  

When they finished, Mihoshi helped Kiyone clean up what few dishes 
there were, while Tris watched them.  The two of them were bent over 
the tiny kitchen counter, talking about Mihoshi's success with 
subleasing their apartments.  For a moment, they seemed like sisters 
to Tris, not two strangers thrown together by profession.  Kiyone was 
smiling at Mihoshi and making it clear she was proud of her partner 
for getting them off the hook financially for their expensive 
residences on planet Vestra.  Kiyone's approval made Mihoshi radiant 
with happiness.  

Finished with the dishes, Mihoshi walked up to Tris.  "Tris?" she 
asked, somewhat shyly.  "Would it be okay if I took your picture?"

Kiyone shook her head and rolled her eyes heavenward.  But she kept 
silent.

"Uh...sure, Mihoshi.  If you don't mind risking your camera or 
whatever it is you use."

"What?  Oh...you silly."  Mihoshi laughed softly.  

"You take that picture when we get back on Earth, Mihoshi," Kiyone 
told her.  "I don't want this dump in anybody's picture."

"Okay.  But your place is not a dump, Kiyone."

"Hah!"  Kiyone now yawned, hugely.  "Oh...God!  I'm sorry.  I'm just 
so sleepy all of a sudden."

"That's because you hardly got any sleep on your ship and none here," 
Tris said.  "It's beddy-bye for you, my girl."

"Yeah," Kiyone agreed.  "Bed sounds awfully good.  First, I'll get 
you some blankets and a pillow or two for the couch, Tris."

"Thanks."  Rats!  So much for their enchanted evening together!  Oh, 
well...

"Mihoshi, you go on home now, and--" Kiyone began.  She stopped.  
Mihoshi was looking down at the floor.

"Kiyone..." Mihoshi said.

"What?"

"Can I...stay with you and Tris tonight?"

"What!"

"Please?"

"Mihoshi!"

Mihoshi continued to inspect the floor.

Tris thought he understood.  For a long time now, Mihoshi had been 
sleeping in a room with four other women...well, three women and a 
little girl.  She hated to be alone and she felt secure and safe with 
others around her.  

Kiyone looked at her partner with a peeved but hopeless expression.  
So that was why Mihoshi had arrived with her travel bag.  She had 
intended to stay with them, the scheming little ding-dong!  Couldn't 
stand to be alone one night, the big baby!  And Kiyone had wanted to 
have a little more time alone with Tris...well, that was shot to hell 
now.  Mihoshi would make a big weepy fuss if Kiyone tried to make her 
go and Tris was such a big-hearted goof that he'd take Mihoshi's side 
even though he wanted to be alone with Kiyone, too.  Well, hell--might 
as well not fight the inevitable.

Tris shrugged at Kiyone.  "I can sleep in the tub, I guess."

"You will not!  You'll sleep on the couch.  I have a futon that came 
with the apartment, as Mihoshi well knows.  She'll sleep on that...in 
my bedroom, of course."  Kiyone shook her head, resignedly. 

"I...I can stay?"  Mihoshi raised her blonde head.  "Yay!"

"Yeah," said Kiyone flatly.  "Yay."

"It'll be fun!"  Mihoshi clapped her hands.  "Like a slumber party!"

"A slumber party?" Kiyone exclaimed in disbelief.  "Now you listen 
here, Mihoshi Kuramitsu--"

"Gosh, we can put on our pajamas, and tell scary stories, and eat the 
rest of those komakai yummy sweets I brought, and talk about--"

"And talk about boys?" Kiyone finished for her.  "What do you think 
Tris here is?  Your maiden aunt?   Get a grip!  Besides, I want to 
get some sleep!"

"Aw...just one scary story?"

"I don't know any scary stories.  And you don't either.  I know you're 
dying to tell Tris that dumb story of yours about us capturing that 
wacko woman who kidnapped that guy.  It's a bunch of hooey, the way 
you tell it."

"It is not, Kiyone!"

"It is, too.  Before I found you again, you told Tenchi and the others 
that I was killed in that raid.  Do I look dead to you?"

"But they just misunderstood me.  I thought at first you were killed, 
Kiyone...until you made it back to Headquarters.  Besides, you were 
almost killed."

"I was not!  You knocked me into that reactor and I got burned a 
little--that's all!  And you captured that crazy woman only because 
she was laughing at you too hard to escape.  That's sure something to 
tell everybody you meet!"

"I don't remember it like that at all, Kiyone," Mihoshi demurred.

"Of course you don't.  You had your eyes closed half the time, you 
were so scared."

"I did not!"

"You did too!"

"Did not!"

"Did too!  That's why you bumped into me and I got those nice first-
degree burns on my...well, never mind that!"  Kiyone glanced at Tris.  
"It was one of our first cases together, don't you remember?  Your 
knees were knocking and your teeth were chattering, and I don't know 
what else.  You've gotten better since then, I'll admit.  Anyway, you 
promised me you wouldn't tell that story again.  I know you want to 
tell it to Tris, but you promised."

"Oh...okay..."  Mihoshi was downcast.  She was glad Kiyone said she 
had improved a lot.  But she was also hurt that Kiyone didn't see 
that early case as a triumph for them.(1) 

Tris looked at Kiyone's exasperated face and Mihoshi's sad face.  He 
decided to do something to lighten up the mood.  "Look," he said.  
"I've got an idea."

"What?" Kiyone asked.  Mihoshi raised her head and looked at him 
hopefully.

"You two girls get into your 'jamies...and Uncle Tris will tell you a 
real scary story.  Okay?"   

"Okay!"  Mihoshi beamed.

Kiyone glowered at Tris.  "Like fun we will!  Listen here, Uncle 
Tris—-!"

"Oh, com'on.  One story.  Then we can all get some shuteye," Tris 
said.

"Well..."  Kiyone relented.  "Okay.  But keep it short, you!"

"I will."

"Oh, goodie!"  Mihoshi clapped her hands happily.  "We're going to 
have a slumber party after all!"

Kiyone groaned inwardly.  Those two!  They were going to kill her...or 
drive her into that mental institution on Souiis.  She'd probably end 
up in a cell next to that Professor Klove.  

"Okay, Mihoshi.  Let's go get into our...'jamies."  Kiyone grimaced 
at the word.  "And let Uncle Tris here get into his."

"Okay!"  Mihoshi fairly leapt for Kiyone's bedroom, carrying her 
travel bag.

"She always gets her way--always!"  Kiyone looked at Tris.  "And you 
aren't much help--Uncle Tris!"

"Now, now.  Be a good little girl and Mihoshi might save you a 
komakai yummy sweet," Tris told her mildly.

He dodged just in time.



Back on Earth, the Masaki family was seeking the solace of sleep 
following an eventful day.  Except for Ryoko, who had to pull her 
Princess-sitting shift again.

At that moment, in the women's "dormitory," Ryoko, tiny brush in one 
hand, nail polish bottle in the other, was just getting the last bit 
of her left big toenail painted when:

"What in the world are you doing, Ryoko?"  It was Princess Ayeka, who 
was supposed to be asleep.

"Huh?"  The voice startled the space pirate so much, she not only 
painted the toenail but half of her big toe as well.  Arrrrgghhh!

"What does it look like I'm doing, Princess?" Ryoko said crossly.  
Putting down the bottle, she used some cotton wool to try to wipe 
nail polish off the part of her big toe she didn't want colored 
Passion Pink.

"It looks like you are painting your toenails like a common 
strumpet," Ayeka said. She was sitting up on her futon, regarding 
Ryoko, who was sitting on her own futon.

"I think it's pretty," Sasami's voice chimed in.

"Sasami--go to sleep!"

"Awww...okay."  Ryoko heard Sasami settle back into her futon.

There was silence for a little while, until Sasami was breathing 
slowly and regularly, eyes closed.

Then:  "Well, Ryoko?"

"Well, what?  What's wrong with painting your toenails?"

"You never have before," the Princess pointed out. "You've always 
shown good taste in that regard."

"Well...maybe I'm feeling a little frisky," Ryoko said.

"Frisky?  Bbout what, pray?"

"Just frisky."  Ryoko succeeded with the cotton wool.  She then 
proceeded to begin painting her other big toenail.  She hoped the 
Princess would go back to sleep.  No such luck, though.

"Ryoko.  We had that talk about your reading that disgusting 
hentai—-"

"Oh, I don't mean that!  I mean, I always feel that way.  But right 
now it's just that I'd like to try something new, something a tad 
daring."

"I have always thought you rather daring already," Ayeka said dryly.  
"And what do you mean you always feel that way?"

"I mean I'm a woman and I have...you know!  Urges!"

"Ryoko!"

"Oh, you have them too, Princess."

"I..."  Ayeka hesitated.  She could scarcely deny she had womanly 
inclinations.  "I have...well, not urges!  I have romantic feelings, 
yes, but--"   

"They're urges, Princess.  We get hot to trot sometimes, and we can't 
do anything about it, and so—-"

"Good heavens!"  Ayeka was scandalized.  "Hot to trot!  That is just 
crude!  You are still a barbarian--after all this time."

"And you're still a stuck-up prude!"  Ryoko put down the nail polish 
bottle and brush.  "I admit how I feel and you won't and you get 
ticked at me for it.  Same old story.  Why don't you do something 
daring, huh?  And admit you really want Tenchi, not for some hearts 
and flowers stuff, but because you want him."

"Why...of course I want him."

Ayeka paused to glance at Sasami.  Her little sister's eyes were still 
closed.  Thank goodness for that!  "Lower your voice, Ryoko.  We don't 
want Sasami to hear this."

"Why not?  She's heard plenty already in this house.  She's gotten a 
real education already, just by watching Kiyone and Tris."

"That is an awful thing to say!" Ayeka snapped.  "Kiyone and Tristram 
have never done anything questionable around Sasami--and you know it!"

"I'm not talking about that.  I mean she's seen the way they look at 
each other...the way they sit so close together.  She's sharp, 
Princess.  She can infer the rest."

"Infer what?  What are you driving at, Ryoko?"

"Awww, figure it out for yourself."

Ryoko made it clear she had her fill of Ayeka for one evening.  She 
concentrated on her toenail painting, ignoring the Princess.

Ayeka stared at Ryoko's back now.  She felt frustrated and angry--but 
at herself, not Ryoko.  She had risen to say something appreciative 
to Ryoko and then she had criticized her right off the bat.  It was 
almost inevitable, it seemed.  Ryoko just set her off, somehow.  But 
that was no excuse, she knew.

"Ryoko..."

"What now?  What's the use of me staying up if you're going to yak 
all night and not go to sleep, huh?"

"You are...quite right, Ryoko."

"Huh?"  Ryoko turned around and looked at the Princess.  She seemed 
flabbergasted.  "What did you say?"

"I said that you are quite right."

"Me?  I'm right?"

"Yes."

"Huh."  Ryoko digested this.  "You feeling okay?"

"Of course I am feeling okay."

"Oh."

"I did not mean to argue with you.  I apologize for what I said.  I 
really had meant to...to thank you, Ryoko."  It had been hard to say--
but Ayeka had said it, finally.  And she felt immensely better for it.

"Really?"  Ryoko looked bewildered.  "What for, Princess?"

"For looking after me during the night.  Just as you are doing now."

"You're thanking me for that?  I thought you said I did it just to 
get out of housework and to impress Tenchi."

"Well, no doubt those were compelling reasons, Ryoko."  Ayeka 
couldn't resist the small dig.  Ryoko just grinned at her.  "But I 
know now that you are also doing it because you truly are concerned 
about me.  And I will also tell you this...I do sleep better knowing 
you are watching over me."

Ryoko stared at Ayeka.  She had been rendered speechless for the 
moment.  The Princess's genuine gratitude and appreciation had come 
out of left field.  Sure, the Princess had earlier said she was proud 
of Ryoko for helping Nobuyuki over that resignation letter thingy, but 
that was just Ryoko using her powers.  This was different.  The 
Princess was being appreciative to her over a decision Ryoko had made 
and carried out.  It was...unexpected...and kind of pleasing to Ryoko.  
Which was also unexpected.

"Well, Princess."  Ryoko didn't quite know how to frame her reply.  
"I'm glad you feel that way.  I mean, I wouldn't want anything to 
happen to you, you know?  We've got too much history together, 
right?"

"That is right, Ryoko," Ayeka said softly.  "We do have a great deal 
of history together, you and I."

Quite a bit of history, Ayeka thought.  A history that extended back 
into their childhoods.  Although both she and Ryoko didn't agree on 
the details—-that was putting it mildly!--they both acknowledged they 
had first met as children.  Ayeka knew her continuing frustrations 
with Ryoko stemmed from those early days.

Little Ryoko, the foundling who had amazed family court officials on 
the Juraian territorial protectorate, planet Urekia, with her 
incredible powers, had left the state orphanage repeatedly to strike 
out on her own.  She became a well-known street urchin both on Urekia 
and on planet Jurai, one who lived by her wits and wasn't above 
breaking the law to survive.  

Ayeka had heard gossip about Ryoko, of course, so when she first 
beheld the infamous urchin—-she seemed to be just another little 
girl, albeit a very pretty one—-the Princess had been prepared to 
despise her.  And she had despised her.  Ryoko had been shameless and 
immoral and destructive.  But Ayeka had also secretly envied the 
pretty little girl--how she twisted male authority figures around her 
little finger, and how free and independent she seemed.  Ryoko would 
sell items in the streets for money (items she no doubt had stolen) 
and use that money to buy lovely candy and then maybe see a funny 
entertainment.  Whereas Ayeka was constantly monitored and tutored, 
rarely permitted outside the Palace and even more rarely allowed to 
indulge in common amusements.  Little Princess Ayeka didn't have much 
fun growing up and every so often she would glimpse little Ryoko, so 
smart and sassy, having the time of her life.  

Ayeka had actually confronted Ryoko a few times back then.  Those 
confrontations had always ended up in name-calling and fighting, 
which had scandalized her poor parents, the King and Queen.  That had 
led to her and Ryoko's lifelong mutual antagonism.  And that situation 
was certainly not all Ryoko's fault, Ayeka had to admit.

In fact, Ayeka herself had eventuslly stolen a page from Ryoko's 
book, abandoning her responsibilities and running off to romance an 
Earth boy named Tenchi.  That smacked of something Ryoko, the street 
urchin turned space pirate, would do—-not the First Princess of Jurai.  
Yet, Ayeka had done it.  And, what was more, she had done it twice.  
And she didn't regret her actions for a moment.

Ayeka frowned thoughtfully.  Could they ever have been friends back 
then...if Ryoko hadn't been so wild and lawless and she, Ayeka, not so 
penned-in and envious?  Ayeka wasn't certain.  But it could have 
happened...perhaps it was what should have happened.  It might well 
have prevented Ryoko turning to piracy to survive.  Yet, Lord Tenchi 
had been in the offing, and that would have eventually torn asunder 
any possible friendship between the Princess and the space pirate.  
Ayeka suddenly felt a bit sad over what had happened between her and 
Ryoko.

"Yeah.  We've known each other a long time," Ryoko was saying.  "Not 
that we remember those times quite the same way, Princess!"

"Well...perhaps we both allowed ourselves to color our memories.  Just 
a trifle."  Ayeka smiled.

"I guess maybe we did."  Ryoko smiled back.  "Anyway, I don't want you 
bugging out before this thing is settled...about Tenchi.  I mean what 
I told you.  It's got to be fair and square or it won't be any good 
winning."

"Yes, I believe you do mean that, Ryoko...and you are quite right.  
Neither of us will feel right about things unless Lord Tenchi makes a 
true choice.  I should give you more credit for feeling that way, 
Ryoko."

"Awwww, Princess..."  Ryoko was feeling a bit embarrassed.  The fact 
was, she herself should give the Princess a bit more credit.  After 
all, if Ayeka really thought she was a crude and hopeless barbarian, 
she would not bother to lecture her.  Ryoko didn't care to be lectured 
at (it reminded her too much of how she was treated in that lame 
orphanage), but she could appreciate the Princess's earnest motive 
behind it.  After all, the Princess, even if she was a pain in the 
patoot, had good stuff in her.  Look how she had helped Tenchi's Dad, 
and Kiyone and Mihoshi back when those two brat girls from Souiis had 
come.  "A promise is a promise, right?  Anyway, you'd better get some 
sleep."

"Yes, I shall.  It is nice to sleep without those dreadful dreams.  In 
fact, I do not dream at all these nights," Ayeka said.  She settled 
back on her futon.  "You cannot understand, Ryoko, just how terrible 
it is--to know someone or something has control of you."

"Balls," Ryoko said.  "That creep has shot his bolt, Princess.  So he 
maybe made you re-arrange some furniture in your sleep.  Big deal.  
Just like Tris had Mihoshi make like a cabbit.  So what?  Mihoshi is 
still Mihoshi--darn it."  Ryoko grinned.  "And you're still you."

"Darn it?"  Ayeka smiled, resting her head on her pillow.

"Well...maybe not.  Guess I'm too used to you like you are.  Anyway, 
you just go to sleep.  If you want, you can dream about how I'm going 
to give that creep that's been bugging you a nice toasting when Kiyone 
and Mihoshi bring back the dope on him."

"Yes, that sounds like a most pleasant dream.  Good night, Ryoko."

"Good night, Princess."

Unnoticed by them, Sasami smiled, her eyes still closed.  She turned 
over in her futon.  Now she could go to sleep, too.



Back on planet Vestra, three individuals were in their pajamas...but 
sleep was not on the agenda.

"Are we all settled in, nice and snug?" Tris asked his audience.  "Do 
we have our 'jamies on?  Do we have our yummy treats?"

"We sure do, Uncle Tris!" Mihoshi said, looking all happy and snuggly 
in her pink bunny-print pajamas.

"Knock it off, Uncle Tris," Kiyone said.  She wore her Bullwinkle 
academic pajama nightshirt but she didn't feel particularly happy or 
snuggly.

The three of them sat the living room rug, at Mihoshi's insistence.  
The lights were turned down low, also at Mihoshi's insistence.  Tris's 
allotted time to tell his scary story was fifteen minutes...at 
Kiyone's insistence.

Like the two women, Tris was in his pajamas (the oversized Mizzou 
sweater).  The tiny living room rather forced the three of them 
together at very close quarters; they huddled together on the floor, 
beside the couch.  That couch was now fitted with a blanket and 
pillows, courtesy of Kiyone.

Mihoshi liked the close quarters.  She liked pressing against Tris, 
too.  Kiyone had given her a look, though, which told Mihoshi not to 
press her luck...press her luck!  She had made a joke.  She giggled.

"What's so funny, Mihoshi?" Kiyone asked her.  "Besides Uncle Tris 
here, I mean."

"Oh..."  Mihoshi decided Kiyone wouldn't appreciate the joke.  "Just 
something I thought about, Kiyone."

"Hmmm."  Kiyone looked hard at Mihoshi.  Then she scooted over a bit, 
so that she was pressing even closer again Tris.  She rested her head 
on Tris's shoulder.  "Well, come on.  Let's hear this so-called scary 
story, Uncle Tris."

Tris smiled in his most avuncular manner.  "So, little girls...you 
want old Uncle Tris to tell you a real scary story, eh?"

"Oh, yes, please, Uncle Tris!" Mihoshi said eagerly.

"We want you to finish up this clown act so we can get to sleep," 
Kiyone said.

"Oh, Kiyone, don't spoil the fun," Mihoshi protested.

"Fun?"  Kiyone relented and snuggled against Tris warmly.  Actually, 
this wasn't so bad...in a retarded kind of way.  "Okay.  So tell us a 
story already, Uncle Tris."

"All right.  First we'll start with a poem."

"A poem?  What the hell?" Kiyone snapped.

"It's a scary poem," Tris told her.

"You reciting poetry...now that's scary," Kiyone told him.

"I want to hear it, Kiyone," Mihoshi said.

"Well, okay.  But it better be good."

"It is," Tris said.  "It's a classic, really, from a gentleman named 
James Whitcomb Riley.  Mom used to recite it to me before I went 
trick or treating on Halloween.  The poem is called "Little Orphan 
Annie.""

"Hey!"  Mihoshi said.  "I think I saw her movie.  She has red 
hair--and a doggie!"

"This is a different Orphan Annie, Mihoshi," Tris said.  "The 
original."(2)

"Just say it and get it over with," Kiyone muttered.  She felt so 
warm and comfortable resting snug again Tris, she might just fall 
asleep right there.

"Right-o.  Here it is:

"Little Orphan Annie's come to my house to stay.  
To wash the cups and saucers up and brush the crumbs away.  
To shoo the chickens from the porch and dust the hearth and sweep,  
and make the fire and bake the bread to earn her board and keep.  
While all us other children, when the supper things is done,  
we sit around the kitchen fire and has the mostest fun,  
a-listening to the witch tales that Annie tells about  
and the goblins will get ya if ya don't watch out!"

"Goblins!" Mihoshi cried.  She seemed scared already.  She grabbed 
Tris's arm.

"There's no such thing, Mihoshi," Kiyone muttered.

"Think so?" Tris said.  "Well, listen some more:

"Once there was a little boy who wouldn't say his prayers,  
and when he went to bed at night away up stairs,  
his mammy heard him holler and his daddy heard him bawl,  
and when they turned the covers down,  
he wasn't there at all!  
They searched him in the attic room  
and cubby hole and press  
and even up the chimney flu and every wheres, I guess, 
but all they ever found of him was just his pants and round-abouts 
and the goblins will get ya if ya don't watch out!"

"Oooohhh!"  Mihoshi whimpered.  She liked being scared like this.  
Now she snuggled against Tris, too.  Kiyone, half dozing against 
Tris on his other side, didn't notice.

Uncle Tris continued:

"Once there was a little girl who always laughed and grinned  
and made fun of everyone, of all her blood and kin,  
and once when there was company and old folks was there,  
she mocked them and she shocked them and said, she didn't care.  
And just as she turned on her heels and to go and run and hide,  
there was two great big black things a-standing by her side.  
They snatched her through the ceiling fore she knew what shes about,  
and the goblins will get ya if ya don't watch out!!"

Kiyone's eyes fully opened.  Hey, that was kind of scary, she thought.  
When she was a little girl, she had always feared dark places.  She 
never told her parents or big brother...they would have scoffed at 
her.  She pressed closer against Tris.  Mihoshi was trembling against 
him now. 

Uncle Tris concluded the poem:

"When the night is dark and scary,  
and the moon is full
and creatures are a flying and the wind goes Whoooooooooo,  
you better mind your parents and your teachers fond and dear,  
and cherish them that loves ya, and dry the orphan's tears,  
and help the poor and needy ones that cluster all about,  
or the goblins will get ya if ya don't watch out!!!"

"Gosh!"  Mihoshi shakily crammed yummy sweets in her mouth, which 
helped when she was scared.

"The End," said Tris.

"Well...okay, Uncle Tris," Kiyone told him, raising her head from his 
shoulder.  "I'll admit that was a tiny bit scary.  Not too bad, 
actually."

"I thought it was real scary!" Mihoshi said.

"Don't talk with your mouth full, Mihoshi," Kiyone said.

"Oh...okay."

Mihoshi chewed and shivered against Tris.  Big black things!  Goblins!  
She glanced fearfully around the darkened room.

"We saw a ghost, once...kind of," Kiyone recalled.  "When we were 
involved in that Kagato business.  We got stuck in the Sargasso--the 
spaceship graveyard.  We boarded this deserted ship, looking for 
Sasami.  Remember, Mihoshi?"

"Uh-huh!  It was so scary, Tris!  Two ghosties came out of a mirror 
at us!"

"Really?" Tris asked.

"Really," Kiyone said.  "I'll admit...it froze my blood.  I was never 
so relieved as when we left that ship."  She laid her head on Tris's 
shoulder again.  "Funny how I forgot about that."

"I never forgot about that!"  Mihoshi told her.  "I never will forget 
about it."

"I suppose I won't, either."  Kiyone slipped her arm around Tris--and 
suddenly encountered something that wasn't Tris.  "Mihoshi!"

"Ohhh...okay," Mihoshi muttered, abashed.  She scooted away from Tris, 
perhaps a few millimeters.  

"All right, so that poem didn't bite," Kiyone said.  "Now I want a 
scary story, Uncle Tris."

"Huh?" Tris said, surprised.

"Really, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked, likewise surprised.

"Sure I do.  I kinda like this now."  Kiyone sighed and cuddled 
against her boyfriend.  Her arm slipped around him again and this 
time didn't encounter Mihoshi.  The whole tableau was corny and 
childish, but she rather fancied it, somehow.  It was nice, she 
realized, to have a guy to hold and be close to.  It was even nice to 
have Mihoshi there, too.  No doubt about it, she was cracking up.  
"Bring it on."

"All right...but this is pretty scary," Tris warned.

"Good!"  Mihoshi was looking forward to more goose pimples.  She 
grabbed some yummy sweets to be prepared.

"This story is about a teenaged girl and her boyfriend," Tris began.  
"They lived in this little town.  At one time, the local kids would 
gather in their cars at night by the old abandoned rock quarry.  It 
was a kind of a Lover's Lane.  The kids used to all drive there to 
look at the stars and do some necking." 

"Necking?" Mihoshi asked.  "Is that like kissing?"

"Exactly like kissing, Mihoshi," Kiyone told her.  "So they didn't 
have a drive-in, Tris?"

"Nope.  Just this abandoned quarry.  It hadn't been used for decades 
and it was all overgrown with weeds and stuff.  But it served the 
purpose.  That is, until a car was found there one night.  It was 
empty.  The boy and girl who had been in it were gone.  They were 
never seen again.  All the police ever found was a length of rope, 
badly frayed...and something else..."

"What?"  Mihoshi shivered.

"A squashed bit of fleshy matter.  It was determined to be a...human 
eyeball."

"Gosh!"  Mihoshi began cramming in the yummy sweets.

"A rope...an eyeball..."  Kiyone thought a moment.  "Hey--"

"Well, don't ruin it for Mihoshi."

"Okay.  You're right."

"Anyway, as you can imagine, that quarry was off limits for the local 
neckers and everyone else.  Years passed.  Then this teenaged boy and 
girl, who had gotten very close, were even thinking of getting 
married, decided they wanted to be alone.  Really alone.  So they 
drove out to that old rock quarry.  They parked near the old quarry, 
under a tree, and turned off the headlights."

"Oh, no..." Mihoshi whimpered softly.  She huddled against Tris again.  
Kiyone seemed about to say something, but didn't.

"They were alone, all right.  Or so they thought.  They were getting 
pretty...well, intimate.  And then they heard a noise."

Mihoshi chewed anxiously.  The yummy sweets were almost all gone now.  
She wished she had Trissy with her, right now!

"It was a scraping sound," Tris continued.  "Then...something bumped 
against the boy's car."

Even Kiyone felt a chill.  She took Tris's hand.  

"So, the boy decided to investigate.  But he told his girlfriend that 
she must lock the doors after he left.  And that she must close her 
eyes and not look...no matter what she might hear..."

Mihoshi tried closing her eyes.  It didn't help.  She opened them 
again.

"The boy opened the car door and slipped out.  The car door closed.  
The girl locked the car door...then she locked all the doors.  She 
sat in the car, all alone.  Her eyes were tightly closed.  Suddenly 
she heard a brief commotion outside.  Then nothing...no sound...for a 
long time."

Mihoshi trembled against Tris.  She was so scared.  And now she was 
out of yummy sweets, too.

"And then she heard a thump...a soft thump...from the roof of the 
car."

Kiyone held her breath a moment.  She suspected what that thump meant.  
But she kept quiet.

"The thump came back...and then came back again.  There was a constant 
thump...thump...thump...from the car's roof.  It terrified the girl.  
But she kept her eyes closed.  The noise didn't stop.  All night long 
there was the thump...thump...thump.  She sat there, in blackness.  
She kept hearing that noise...thump...thump...thump..."

Tris fell silent.

"What--what happened?" Mihoshi cried.

"The next morning, the police found the car.  They called to the girl 
sitting inside.  She was white with fright.  Her eyes were screwed 
tightly shut.  Finally, the police convinced her she was safe now.  
They told her to unlock the car door and step outside.  And they told 
her to look straight ahead and walk to the police car.  They told her 
to not look back...not for any reason."

Kiyone felt certain she knew the reason.  Even so, she still dreaded 
what Tris would say next.  This was one hell of a story!  She held 
onto Tris tightly.  She looked over at Mihoshi.  Her partner was now 
wide-eyed with dreadful anticipation.

"Then...then what?"  Mihoshi quavered.

"Well, the girl almost made it.  She was at the open door of the 
police car.  But...she couldn't resist.  She looked back.  And then 
she saw the reason for the thumping sound."  Tris paused.  "Do you 
two really want to hear the rest?"

"Yes!" Kiyone and Mihoshi chorused.

"Very well.  She saw that her boyfriend was hanging by the neck from 
a rope tied to a tree limb.  Dead.  The brutal hanging had caused 
both his eyes to pop from their sockets.  And the slight wind was 
making his dead body sway...so that his heels gently thumped the roof 
of the car..."

"Ooohhhhh!"  Mihoshi shrank back.  "Nooooooooo!"

"They never caught the killer.  They never have yet.  And that rock 
quarry is still off limits...until the next foolish boy and girl 
come..."

"Gosh!"  Mihoshi grabbed Tris's arm.  "That's horrible--oh, Tris!"

"And it's pretty scary, too, right?" Kiyone asked Mihoshi.

"It sure is!  I can imagine myself in the car—-ooohhhhh!"  Mihoshi 
had a good, long shiver.

"Now that really was a scary story, Uncle Tris," Kiyone said 
approvingly.  "Well done."

"Thanks," Tris said, smiling.  

He took stock for a moment.  Imagine...sitting on the floor of an 
apartment on an alien planet with two alien women, telling scary 
stories.  Incredible.  It couldn't be real.  But there was Kiyone 
cuddled up against him.  And Mihoshi gripping his arm.  It was real 
enough for him.

"It makes me kinda think about our case," Mihoshi said. "I wonder...if 
what happening to Ayeka is supernatural.  That would explain a lot, 
you know."

"No, partner," Kiyone said.  "It's not a ghost...or a goblin.  
Whatever's going on will have a rational explanation.  And we're going 
to find it, partner!  Right?"

"Right!" Mihoshi agreed.  

"And we're going to get our rank back...and the truth about that 
sneaking, rotten back-stabber of a Mitsuki will come out!  And if she 
does marry that Lieutenant Zay're, she can spend her day washing his 
underwear because she won't be in the GP anymore!  Right?"

"Ummmm..."

Mihoshi remembered what Kiyone had told her about Mitsuki coming by 
that day.  Maybe Mitsuki really felt bad about what she did and 
wanted to try to make it right.  At least, that was what Mihoshi 
preferred to think.  She didn't want to see anyone get fired or 
anything.

"Right?" Kiyone prodded her.

"Well, getting our rank back—-right!"

"I don't believe it."  Kiyone shook her head.  "Mitsuki had nothing 
but nasty things to say about you, Mihoshi, even before you and I 
became partners.  You ought to want to see her get what's coming to 
her."

"I'm sure she'll be punished, Kiyone.  Only, I don't like to think 
she'll lose her job."

"Why not?  She deserves to!"

"But what will she do then?"

"Who cares?"

"Well..."  Mihoshi didn't want to rile her partner any more than she 
had.  But the fact was...Mihoshi cared.

Tris smiled at the blonde young woman.  Mihoshi had a big heart and 
she wore it right on her sleeve, for everyone to see.  Even though 
she was a cop, and no matter how much she was hurt, she would never 
stop liking people and thinking the best of them.  There was simply 
no one quite like her.

"Mihoshi's right, Kiyone," Tris said.  "The best revenge is getting 
your rank back and getting your career kick-started again.  Once 
you're Generalissimo Makibi, or whatever, you'll have forgotten about 
Mitsuki and her dweeb pals.  That's the truth."

Kiyone looked at him and grinned.  She tweaked his nose.  
"Generalissimo?  You big goof!"

"Kiyone wants to be Grand Marshall of the GP," Mihoshi said.  "After 
Grandfather retires."

"Yeah, right.  That'll be the day."  But Kiyone didn't seem too 
skeptical about the notion.

"Hey, that'd be great.  Someone to fix my speeding tickets when I'm 
zooming around the galaxy in my Mustang Space Cruiser." Tris said.

Mihoshi giggled.  Kiyone went to tweak his nose again but she kissed 
it, instead.

"Goofball.  You'll be on Earth, tripping around on your walker with a 
poor nurse trying to get you to take your nap, and your planet will 
still be trying to send a manned mission to Mars.  It'll be a long, 
long time before you'll be meeting me at the galactic malt shop."

"But he doesn't have to have a starship, Kiyone," Mihoshi protested.  
"We can visit him and Tenchi and everyone in Yogami—-can't we?"

"If we have time...which we won't once we're Sergeants again."  The 
conversation was taking a downward turn.  Kiyone didn't want to dwell 
on that aspect of the future.  Tris felt warm and wonderful pressing 
against her and she just wanted to be with him as long as she could.  
Her career took priority, of course, but it didn't interfere right now 
and Kiyone wanted to get back to right now.  "Well, I'm probably wrong 
about that.  There's always time for the important things."

"That's right, Kiyone," Mihoshi said softly.

Tris gave an exaggerated yawn.  "If we're going to pull out of here 
at the crack of dawn, or whatever you call it around here, guess we'd 
better wrap this up.  That couch of yours is looking pretty good, 
Kiyone."

"Right."  Kiyone stood up.  "Mihoshi, to bed.  Let's go."

Tris and Mihoshi stood up now, too.

"Okay..."  Mihoshi hesitated a moment.  Then she gave Tris a quick 
hug—-and scooted to Kiyone's bedroom, laughing.  The door shut behind 
her.

Kiyone looked after her with a helpless expression.  "She's just 
incorrigible!  It's like taking your kid sister to work with you."

"I always wanted a kid sister," Tris said.

"Yeah, so did I...and boy, did I get one!"

Kiyone motioned Tris to come to her.  When he did, she slipped into 
his arms and kissed him, softly.  

"Tris...what I said when we were so close...I'm sorry.  I got kind of 
carried away.  I mean, I want to...sometime...but not now.  We need to 
know more about each other, and maybe have a better idea what's going 
to happen to us.  Do you understand?"

Tris groaned inwardly.  Man, had he heard that line before...!  But 
Kiyone was right.  For her, it wasn't the time or the place.  And that 
was that.  He shrugged and released her.   

"I understand.  You better go to bed.  Good night."

Kiyone just looked at him.

"You're not mad?  I know you're disappointed, but...you're not mad?"

"Yeah, I am mad."

"Oh...?"  Kiyone's blue eyes widened.

"Yeah.  Mad about you, Blue Eyes."  He grinned at her, one dimple and 
all.

Kiyone laughed and pushed him onto the couch.  When he was supine, 
she climbed on top of him and began kissing him happily.  "I'll show 
you who's mad," she told him between kisses.  "I'll show you who's 
insane."  She kissed and kissed him, all over his face.  "Maybe I'll 
just stay here and kiss you silly," she said.  "Who needs sleep, 
anyway?"

"Kiyone!  What's going on?"  Mihoshi's voice issued from behind the 
closed bedroom door.  "We gotta go to sleep.  We gotta get up early."

"Arrrrgghhh!"  Kiyone grimaced.  "All right!"

She rose from Tris.  She smiled, staring down at him.  "Well, I'm not 
finished with you, buster...and sometimes I think I never will be."  
She tweaked his stupid nose.  "Now, you go to sleep--and you'd better 
dream about me.  I'll find out if you don't!"

"Oh, yeah?" Tris said.  "You gonna have Washuu tell you?"

Kiyone grabbed a pillow from the couch and clobbered Tris with it.  
Next she gave him one more lingering kiss.  Then she walked, tall 
and straight, to her bedroom and opened the door.  She stepped in and 
closed the door firmly behind her.

Staring after her, Tris felt the usual sensations of unfulfilled 
wants.  But that was nothing new.  All of it clarified one thing, at 
least...he had been a dope to think Kiyone was seeking a commitment 
from him.  Kiyone wasn't sure about him still, and anything like the 
m-word was far from her mind.  She had been totally honest from the 
start of this trip.  She had wanted him to see the world--the 
worlds—-she lived and worked in, the life she lead, and the many 
commitments she already had and would never break.  She had meant it 
to be educational and sobering for him and it had been.  And, yeah, 
she had wanted to show off a little.  Why not?  She had a lot to show 
off to an Earth guy—-in fact, to any guy. 

Tris rested his head against the pillows.  Dream, Kiyone had said.  
That was the last thing he wanted to do.  He'd already had plenty of 
dreaming in his young life.  What he wanted was some reality.  Well, 
Kiyone said maybe someday.  He yawned.  He was awfully sleepy.  By 
this time tomorrow, he would be back on Earth.  It was so incredible--
and tiring, too.  Tris closed his eyes.



"Was it nice?" Mihoshi asked timidly in the darkness that cloaked 
Kiyone's bedroom a little while later.

"What?" Kiyone asked sleepily.

"Was it nice...saying good-night to Tris?"

"Yeah, yeah.  Now go to sleep."

"Maybe...you had plans for him.  I'm sorry, Kiyone."  Mihoshi's voice 
in the dark was contrite.

"Now's a good time to think of that!"

"I'm sorry," Mihoshi repeated softly.

"Oh, don't be.  He's a big boy and I'm a big girl.  We'll get over 
it."

"Uh-huh.  Kiyone?"

"What now?"

"Have you ever?"

"Have I ever...what?"

"Have you ever...you know...with a boy?"

"Mihoshi!"  Kiyone sat up in her bed.  "In about five minutes, I'm 
getting out of this bed.  And you won't like it, believe me!  Now go 
to sleep!"

"Okay."

Kiyone muttered to herself and reclined on her bed again.

Mihoshi was quiet, at least for a few minutes.  But then, in a tiny 
voice, she added:  "I haven't, either."

"Arrrrgghhh!"  Kiyone turned over on her stomach and jammed the 
pillow over her head.

Mihoshi smiled wistfully, lying on her futon.  Like herself, her 
partner was a young woman...and there was her young man in the next 
room.  And he would stay in the next room.  It seemed so silly.  But 
life was silly, sometimes.  And yet, kinda fun.  And kinda yummy.  
And, if you were real lucky, kinda snuggly and warm.  Gosh.  She 
really should have brought Trissy with her.  She wanted something to 
hug.  So she hugged her pillow.

Sleep finally came to Lady Mihoshi Kuramitsu.  She began to snore.  
It was the only sound in the tiny apartment now.  Kiyone was asleep 
too, as was Tris.  That was good.  All three would need their rest 
for what lay ahead for them and their friends.



____________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

(1)  Yes, that's the "Mihoshi Special" storyline, with a few edits by 
yours truly.  I couldn't resist using it.

(2)  Many folks are surprised to find out that "Little Orphan Annie" 
was a newspaper comic strip long before it evolved into a Broadway 
musical and a movie.  They'd be even more surprised that the strip was 
likely inspired by the poen, "Little Orphan Annie," penned by James 
Whitcomb Riley in 1885.  Mr. Riley, "The Hoosier Poet," really did 
grow up with an orphan girl who performed chores around the Riley 
home.  She was actually called "Allie," not "Annie," by the Riley 
family.



