TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER FOURTEEN
No Need For A Stowaway
______________________


Everyone saw Kiyone, Mihoshi--and Tris--off.  Even Washuu and Ryo-
Ohki.

The group had gathered some distance from the house, by the edge of 
the lake.  Kiyone had already used her control cube, rather than her 
earring, to summon her Galaxy Police starship, the Yogami.

The cabbit rubbed against the two Galaxy Police officers and then 
Tris, affectionately.  She "meow-er"-ed at them plaintively.  Tris 
imagined Ryo-Ohki was telling them to be careful and to come back.  

Washuu looked up at the Yogami, that great red constabulary starship, 
as it hovered overhead.  Then she looked at Tris.

"You're cuckoo to be doing this," she told Kiyone.

"Hey, I think she's cuckoo, too," Tris said.  "I wouldn't trust me 
on that starship."  He was wearing his father's old A-2 pilot jacket.  
Tris had decided he wanted at least a part of his Dad to share this 
trip with him.  He also carried his nylon overnight bag in one hand.

Washuu grinned.  "Well, cutie, if you think that way...maybe she isn't 
so cuckoo.  Just a little cuckoo."

"Thanks, Washuu," Kiyone gritted.  She looked like she wanted to employ 
the travel bag she carried in an unorthodox but satisfying way.

"You're welcome, Kiyone."  Washuu grinned at her, but remained out of 
range of Kiyone's travel bag.

"It'll be okay, Washuu," Mihoshi told her.  She had her travel bag in 
one hand and Trissy under her other arm.  The plush pooch looked as 
doleful as ever.  Perhaps it got airsick easily.  Kiyone had tried to 
convince Mihoshi to leave her stuffed puppy dog behind, but Mihoshi 
had given her such a tearful look that Kiyone had relented.  "We'll 
be able to handle it.  It'll be fun!"

"Okay, Mihoshi," Washuu told her.  "If you say so."

"I say so," Mihoshi said brightly.

Ryoko walked up to Mihoshi.  "You're taking that ugly mutt, huh?" she 
asked, eyeing Trissy.

"She's not ugly!" Mihoshi insisted.  "And she's not a mutt.  She's a 
Cocker Spaniel.  That's a real breed.  Tris said so."

"Whatever...as long as it doesn't breed," Ryoko cracked.

Now Ayeka walked up to them.  "Hush, Ryoko.  Do not antagonize 
Mihoshi when she is all set to leave."

"Okay."  Ryoko grinned.  "I'll save it all for when you get back, 
Mihoshi."

"Ohhhh...thanks."  Mihoshi sounded as if she wasn't sure if that was 
a good thing or not.

"That is not what I meant!" Ayeka told Ryoko.

"Do I look like I care?"  Ryoko became airborne and floated over to 
where Tenchi and Tris stood talking.

Ayeka looked after her, annoyed.  Truthfully though, part of her 
annoyance was prompted not by Ryoko, but by what she considered this 
foolhardy venture.  Taking the Earthling, Tris, on a Galaxy Police 
ship was dreadfully risky.  Ayeka had remonstrated with Kiyone about 
it.  But Kiyone had pointed out to Ayeka that she, herself, was 
risking her own throne to stay with Tenchi—-and did she think it was 
worth it?  Ayeka, of course, could only give one answer to that.  But 
she was worried for Kiyone—-and Mihoshi—-and, yes, Tristram—-
nonetheless.

A short distance away, Tenchi was saying to Tris, "I'm not sure if 
this is a wise thing, but it's a real break for you, buddy.  Space 
travel is awesome.  You'll see."

"Yeah, I'm looking forward to that part, anyway," Tris said.  He 
swung his nylon overnight bag, which was well stuffed, somewhat 
pensively.

Tenchi raised his eyebrows.  "What part aren't you looking forward 
to?"

"Well...I think maybe someone is hearing wedding bells."

"What!"  Tenchi nearly jumped.  "You mean Kiyone is--" then he spotted 
Ryoko floating toward them.  "Later, huh?"

"Yeah, later."

"Later for what?" Ryoko asked, landing softly beside them.  She took 
Tenchi's arm.

"Later for me, Ryoko," Tris said.  "I'm outta here, you know."

"I know.  You're going to love it.  I'm glad you're going along, Tris.  
You should experience everything.  Right, sweetums?"

"Well..." Tenchi really didn't want to answer that.

"Yeah, Tenchi said it would be a great trip," Tris replied.

"Oh, he knows.  Many is the time Tenchi and I went up in Ryo-Ohki.  
We sailed though the stars...it was so romantic.  Wasn't it, Tenchi?"  
Ryoko snuggled against him.

"Well, now, really—-" Tenchi began.

"Ryoko!  You never took Lord Tenchi up in Ryo-Ohki all by yourselves 
and you know it!"  Yes, Ayeka had now joined them, too.

"Did, too...lots of times, Princess."

"Name one time!"

"Oh, when I first came back, before you showed up again.  Those were 
the lovey days.  Weren't they, Tenchi?"

"Not really," Tenchi said.

"So!" Ayeka exclaimed triumphantly.  "Caught in another lie!  That is 
just disgraceful, Ryoko."

"A girl can fantasize, can't she?"  Ryoko still gripped Tenchi's arm.

"Yes and she can keep her sordid fantasies to herself...unhand Lord 
Tenchi!"

"I won't!"

"Very well, then."  Ayeka took Tenchi's other arm.  Tenchi groaned.  
They would probably start pulling at him next.  He hated that.

"You two shouldn't argue," Sasami said.  She had just joined them 
after conversing briefly with Mihoshi and Kiyone.  She was carrying 
Ryo-Ohki.  "It's not very nice, you know, and this is supposed to be 
a farewell for Kiyone and Mihoshi and Tris."

"Meow-er!"  Ryo-Ohki appeared to agree.

"Hey, who's your mistress, anyway?" Ryoko said to the cabbit.

Ryo-Ohki didn't make another sound.

Sasami petted Ryo-Ohki and put the cabbit down on the grass.  She 
thought this trip was about the most romantic thing she had ever 
heard of and the bravest.  Kiyone was definitely at the forefront of 
Sasami's Hall of Heroines now.  Sasami absently bent down and petted 
Ryo-Ohki again.  She wondered if she would be as brave as Ayeka and 
Kiyone were when she found a boy she especially cared for.  She hoped 
so.

"Tris!" Kiyone called.  "We're leaving now."

"Right-o."  Tris looked at Tenchi.

"Just keep cool, Tris," Tenchi advised.

"Yeah."  Tris left to join Mihoshi and Kiyone.

"Hmmmm..." Washuu said as she walked over to Tenchi and the others.  
"Do I detect an undercurrent?"

"Don't go there, Washuu," Tenchi requested.

"Okay."  The great scientist shrugged.  "None of my business anyway."

"Don't go where?  What's up?" Ryoko demanded.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka added.  "Is something wrong?"

"I'm not sure," Tenchi said truthfully.  "Besides, like Washuu said, 
it's none of our business."

Neither Ryoko nor Ayeka looked very satisfied with that answer.  
Sasami felt a bit mystified herself, then decided to ignore it.  As 
Tenchi said, it was none of her business.  She rose from petting Ryo-
Ohki.  "I'll sure miss them," she said sadly.  "You will too, won't 
you, Ryo-Ohki?"

"Meow-er."  Ryo-Ohki's response sounded affirmative.  She would most 
definitely miss the rub-a-tummy sessions.



Both Lord Yosho and Nobuyuki, standing a distance away, waved at 
Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tris as the three young people took their places 
beneath the hovering Yogami.  They, in turn, waved back to Tenchi's 
father and grandfather.

"You know, father-in-law," Nobuyuki said.  "It's an odd thing.  Here 
I was earlier, ranting for all these people to leave.  Now three of 
them are leaving and I want them to come back."

"Nothing odd about it at all, Nobuyuki," Lord Yosho said.  
"Fortunately, we know they will be back, and soon.  We can only wish 
them good luck...and Godspeed."

"Yes, indeed."  Nobuyuki suddenly chuckled.  "That reason Kiyone gave, 
about her thinking Tris should get a chance to see some of the 
Galactic Union since he's part of our group...it seemed a bit flimsy.  
That's one diehard career woman, and she's risking her career to take 
him along.  I know what I'd be thinking if I was young Tristram."

"I agree."  Lord Yosho nodded.  "The fact is, they both are very 
serious about each other--more serious than at least one of them 
realizes.  Again, we can only wish them good luck."  

"Those poor kids.  They'll need it."

Now the two men watched as a broad light, an almost blinding 
luminescence that seemed somehow solid, issued from the Yogami's 
underbelly.  Kiyone had transmitted the order to transport via her 
control cube.  The luminescence streaked down and instantly covered 
the three figures of Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tris.  The two Galaxy 
Police Officers stayed put.  Tris ducked a bit.  Both Nobuyuki and 
Lord Yosho heard Kiyone yell, "Stand still, you idiot!"

Tris grimaced, but straightened.  Then the three of them, transfixed 
within the dazzling wide beam emitted from the Yogami, began to 
ascend.  Their forms lifted from the ground.  Slowly they were drawn 
to the underbelly of the Yogami.

"Close your eyes if you can't take it, Tris!" Tenchi shouted up a 
piece of advice.

"Yeah, don't get airsick again," Ryoko added.  "Remember, we're 
right under you!"

"You guy are loads of help!" Tris managed to shout down from around 
fifteen feet in the air.

"Will you please shut up!" Kiyone shouted to him.  "You're not 
supposed to talk during transport—-and don't shut your eyes, you--"

Thus, as it turned out, she was doing the talking when all three of 
them disappeared into the Yogami.   

On the ground, Lord Yosho and Nobuyuki were silent a moment as they 
stared up at the starship.  Then Yosho said, "Not an auspicious 
beginning to their trip."

"Nope."  Nobuyuki grinned.  "I'd love to be a fly on the wall in that 
starship right about now!"



"You can open your eyes, now, clown," Tris heard Kiyone tell him 
dryly.  He also heard Mihoshi giggle.  Tris opened his eyes.

He had been all right until they had reached around thirty feet in 
the air.  The ride overall had been fine, not bumpy at all, and he 
had not been the slightest bit airsick; it had, rather, seemed like 
riding up an elevator...without an elevator.  However, when the 
figures on the ground had grown teensy-tiny and they still had not 
reached the ship yet, Tris decided that not watching his ascent any 
longer was the wiser course and shut his eyelids.  He had been dimly 
aware of Kiyone shouting something at him when blackness had closed 
in and they were on board.  

His first sight of the interior of the good starship Yogami was not 
impressive.  He and the two women were in a well-lit but tiny 
antechamber, with smooth, circular gray walls and a firmly closed 
exit door.  There was absolutely nothing in the chamber aside from 
the diffused light from above and that closed door.  It was hardly 
welcoming.  Now he watched as Mihoshi and Kiyone quickly moved to 
that door and faced him.  Then the two of them laughed.

"Huh?" he asked.

"Sorry, Tris," Kiyone explained.  "This transport chamber is designed 
for when we bring prisoners up to the ship.  This is a police vessel, 
you know.  Sometimes a prisoner will try to make a break when we 
first trasport in, so Mihoshi and I always immediately guard the exit 
first."

"Well, you can take the handcuffs off now," Tris told her.  "I'm not 
going to make a break for it.  And I'm not wild about the idea of 
jumping around sixty feet back to Earth.  It could be hard on my 
arches."

"You weren't wild about transporting either, buster," Kiyone pointed 
out, remembering she was supposed to be mad at Tris.

"What do you mean?  I loved it so much that I just had to close my 
eyes and dream that it would never end."

That did it.  Mihoshi, still holding onto her travel bag and Trissy, 
doubled over with laughter.

"Quiet, Mihoshi!" Kiyone said, to little avail.  There was no way she 
could prevent Mihoshi from having a good laugh this time.  So she 
glared at Tris, trying to squelch the smile that struggled to relax 
her frowning visage.  "You really didn't like it," she told him.  "And 
that's just one of the little shocks you're likely to encounter on 
this trip.  Do you still want to go along?  Seriously?"

"You mean you'd just set me back on Earth--right now?"

"In a heartbeat.  If you ask me to."

Mihoshi stopped laughing.  She looked worriedly at Tris and Kiyone.

"What if I ask you to get us out of this jail cell—-so we can take 
off and get this trip started?"

Kiyone slowly smiled.  Mihoshi relaxed.  Fortunately, Tris had said 
just the right thing. 

"I'd say...okay, idiot, you asked for it!"  Kiyone waved her hand over 
some panel--it was indistinguishable to Tris from the rest of the 
wall, no doubt to ensure a prisoner couldn't open the door—-and the 
door slid open faster than the blink of an eye.  Warm light flooded 
the antechamber.

"Let's go," Kiyone said.  "Goofballs first."

"Nope," Tris said.  "Mean old lady cops first."

Mihoshi started laughing again.

"Mihoshi!"

Mihoshi squelched her laughter.  But she smiled broadly.  Then she 
went first, stepping out of the teleport chamber and into the ship's 
main corridor.

Tris made a sweeping bow to Kiyone.  "Age before beauty," he murmured 
gallantly.  Kiyone swung her travel bag at him.  Tris jumped out of 
the way and banged his head against what must have been some sort of 
security camera.  Kiyone laughed and took his hand, the one not 
holding his bag.  They followed Mihoshi out of the transport chamber.

"I was just waiting for that big head of yours to hit something on 
this ship," Kiyone told him, with something akin to satisfaction.  
But she also looked closely at Tris's head and made certain he wasn't 
really hurt. 

"Well, now you can stop waiting and..."  Tris stopped.  "Wow!"

"Like it?" Kiyone asked with a smile.

"I'll tell a Klingon!" Tris enthused.

The main corridor of the Yogami actually ran along the starship's 
bulkhead, with the various rooms and functional areas placed 
amidships.  Accordingly, one entire wall of the corridor—-actually, 
the bulkhead—-was sheathed in a transparent material (Tris knew 
better than to call it glass).  The transparent panels ran from high 
overhead to just a few feet above the marble-like floor.  Before 
them sprawled the outside world, primarily the Masaki Shrine, the 
nearby village with its tiny lights (evening shade was falling), and 
the rural landscape beyond.  It seemed almost as if one could just 
step off the corridor and into that high-altitude scene.  It rather 
reminded Tris of that incentive flight he had taken in the back seat 
of his Dad's F-15...the cockpit of the F-15 was cut so low that it 
almost seemed at first as if you zooming through the air without 
support.  It had provided an exhilarating sight and a somewhat 
dizzying sight as well.  So did this.

"You really like it?" Kiyone asked.

"I love it," Tris said simply, earnestly.

"You should see it when we're in deep space," Mihoshi said excitedly.  
"All the planets and stars whizzing by...it's so grand!"  One reason 
why the blonde young woman adored being a Galaxy Police officer was 
now evident.  She was jazzed by space travel.  And who wouldn't be?  
Tris's affection for Mihoshi, whom he was beginning to regard as the 
sweet, caring sister he never had, was ratcheted up another notch.

"I'm glad you feel that way, Tris."  Kiyone took his hand again and 
her touch was soft.  "Let's go put our things in our quarters and 
then we'll take off.  After that--a tour of the ship!"

"Yay!" Mihoshi said.

"That's my line now."  Tris grinned.  "Yay!"



Many light years away at Galaxy Police Headquarters, a sort of 
welcoming committee was meeting.  Only, it was not exactly welcoming.  
 
A cardinal rule of the good staff officer at Headquarters was: Put in 
the hours, even if you're not being particularly productive.  Thus, 
newly pinned-on Detective Sergeant Mitsuki Sakakibara, her superior 
officer (and fiancée), Lieutenant Kamin Zay're, and another of their 
little clique, Detective Sergeant Youri Katzaar, were grabbing a quick 
dinner at the main GP canteen before they would spend another hour of 
paper-pushing and apple-polishing.

The huge canteen itself could have hosted several pro football matches 
(not arena football, either) in its spacious breadth and width.  It 
certainly could have accommodated the mother of all food fights, but, 
of course, such a lack of decorum was reserved for the Junior Officer's 
Club a few floors below.

This central canteen helped serve the nutritional needs (if not the 
gourmand cravings) of the 14,527 Galaxy Police officers, trainees, 
clerks, contractors, and occasional visiting members of the High 
Commissioner's staff (not to mention the High Commissioner himself) 
who populated the Headquarters.  The actual solid walls ended at 
about five feet up.  Then the transparent paneling was employed, 
which not only presented the vista of stars and black-blue space, but 
also a nice view of the adjoining planet Vestra, in whose gravity the 
Headquarters orbited.

Vestra provided the Headquarters staff with living accommodations, 
shopping, recreation, ferocious taxation, price-gouging...in short, a 
steady drain on most GP officers' and civilian workers' paychecks.  A 
favorite saying among GP staffers was that although they owed their 
allegiance to the Union, they owed their souls to the Vestra company 
store.

That view of Vestra and deep space could be altered to project the 
lush greenery of a pleasure planet or some other appetizing spectacle.  
But no one had requested a change of scene to the canteen staff—-
certainly not the three staff officers huddled so close to each other.  
They couldn't have cared less about the view.

Lieutenant Zay're was a tall, thin drink of water, resplendent in a 
razor-sharp creased uniform, with a high forehead (like the others of 
his race), only tufts of actual hair on his cranium, and a sharply 
pointed chin.  He was hardly prepossessing, not exactly the type one 
would expect a ravishing redheaded woman like Mitsuki to take a shine 
to.  But he was a highly competent and politically savvy GP staff 
officer, destined for high office, and his family were movers and 
shakers back home on planet Ouum.  That planet was extremely important 
to the Galactic Union due to its strong alliance with other powerful 
planets, a de facto coalition that had constantly challenged the 
planet Jurai for supremacy since the early days of the Union.  The 
Juraians had to pay attention when that coalition made demands...even 
King Azusa and his royal court.  For any female wishing a brilliant 
political match, one that would open many doors in the future, 
Lieutenant Zay're was a dreamboat.

Sergeant Katzaar was certainly no dreamboat.  He was a burly, low-
browed, hard-looking specimen from a minor planet in the Union, 
planet Takawii.  Like Detective Kiyone Makibi, he had parents of 
little political consequence and, also like Kiyone, he had been 
compelled to work very hard for what he had achieved.  Unlike Kiyone, 
however, he had leaned to play the political game and to play it well.  
He was now Lieutenant Zay're's official subordinate and chief 
unofficial sycophant.  To Katzaar, it beat busting his butt chasing 
small-time crooks out in some godforsaken patrol area.  He was on his 
way to making Lieutenant, thanks to Zay're.

The commissary was not crowded at this time of the GP workday.  Most 
of the regular staffers (those doomed to endure mundane careers) had 
gone home to enjoy their real lives.  Seated in their booth, the three 
officers ate the rather tasteless but nutritious fare served at the 
canteen without enthusiasm.  It had been a long day of rolling and 
unrolling red tape.  In addition, Mitsuki's meal was not sweetened by 
what Sergeant Katzaar had just told her.

"Kiyone and Mihoshi--those two--coming in for PT?" she asked him.

Katzaar nodded.  "I wanted to refuse them, but I had no real reason 
to do so.  They haven't used much PT since they messed themselves up.  
And you know how dead their patrol area is...its only importance is 
to enforce the restricted area around that boondock planet Earth.  
Besides, Chief Bodai would have questioned me pretty closely had I 
refused their request."

"Yeah, Kiyone would have gone crying to Bodai, no doubt," Mitsuki 
said sourly.  "I wish the Chief would stop coddling those two."

"It's understandable," Zay're said.  "Kiyone was sort of his protégé 
once.  It's hard to be forced to realize your special pet is a 
rotter."

"They're both rotters, if you ask me, sir," Katzaar grumped.  "That 
Mihoshi--Lady Mihoshi, if you please!  Little stuck-up bit of useless 
nobility...incompetent and feeble-minded.  Used her grandfather to 
stay in the GP and then to keep her little pal Kiyone in, too."  Like 
many people born without advantages, Katzaar was keenly resentful of 
those who had.

"No argument from me on that," Mitsuki agreed.  "When I heard Kiyone 
had drawn Mihoshi as a partner, I actually felt sorry for Kiyone.  
Back then, I hoped Kiyone would make something of Mihoshi.  Instead, 
it seems that Mihoshi made something of her!"  Mitsuki shook her red 
head with faux sadness.  "The Miho-Kiyo Team!"  That was the latest 
nasty reference to the two outcasts that buzzed around Headquarters.

Zay're smiled fondly at his bride-to-be.  "Such feelings speak well 
for you, dear.  Especially since those two tried to involve you in 
their transgressions.  It infuriates me that Chief Bodai would use 
the excuse that those two for once handled a case without causing a 
disaster to re-open the file on that Slaakive mis-identification 
case."

"Without a disaster, sir?"  Katzaar shook his beetle-browed head 
truculently.  "Firing on a privately owned ship containing only two 
teenaged girls?  They should have gotten a second official reprimand 
for that and booted out.  We all know that, sir."

"That's quite true, Youri.  I'm afraid Princess Ayeka Jurai is far too 
generous in spirit for one in her position at times."  That was as far 
as Zay're would go in publicly criticizing any member of the Jurai 
royal family.  He certainly wasn't going to add publicly that Princess 
Ayeka Jurai needed to be back on Jurai, not romancing an Earthling 
(Juraian Prince though he may be) out in the middle of nowhere.  But 
that was how he and many others in the Union felt.  Resentment of the 
errant Princess and her selfish and costly "fling" that kept her 
heavy-handed father on the throne of Juria was strong in the Galactic 
Union and grew stronger every day.   

Mitsuki nodded.  She had gone a bit pale at the news that Kiyone was 
coming back to GP Headquarters, even for a quick personal visit.  She 
wished never to see Kiyone again, or that twit, Mihoshi, either.  Her 
fiancée and Youri were right.  Those two should have been axed over 
the incident with those Souiis youths.  It would have worked out so 
perfectly, proving that those two were quite capable of prevaricating 
about that alleged full ID comparison report.  That would have stopped 
Chief Bodai's re-investigation cold.  Damn the Juraian royals and 
their interference anyway!  Naturally, she would never voice such a 
sentiment aloud.  The GP was directly dependent on royal Juraian 
support.

Lieutenant Zay're looked at Mitsuki with concern.  "You appear to be 
troubled, darling," he remarked.

His fiancée quickly recovered herself.  She gave a long, theatrical 
sigh.  "It's just that it's so sad about Kiyone.  Mihoshi deserves 
what she gets--she should never have made it through the Academy.  But 
Kiyone...she was second in our class, you know, behind me.  Such a 
waste."

With another fond smile, Lieutenant Zay're laid one of his hands--one 
with six fingers, another trait of his race—-on Mitsuki's hand.  
"You're rather wonderful...do you know that?  After all that 
hysterical woman has tried to do to you, you can still feel that way.  
You have a big heart, my dear."

Mitsuki smiled tenderly up at Kamin.  She couldn't wait to be married 
to him.  Then she'd have all the protection in the world...and Chief 
Bodai and his damned re-investigation could go hang.

Sipping at the latest soft drink craze (from Souiis, as it happened) 
and grimacing at the taste, Sergeant Katzaar was silent.  He secretly 
thought that Mitsuki had a big ego and big ambition and about as much 
heart as a proton generator.  But he'd never say it.  After all, he 
wanted to make lieutenant.

That made him think.  Perhaps he could do something still about 
Mihoshi's and Kiyone's request for PT.  Mitsuki clearly wasn't happy 
about them popping in for a visit.  Stopping them would earn him her 
gratitude...and thereby Lieutenant Zay're's gratitude.  That was worth 
a lot to Youri Katzaar.  



"How do you like our ship's bridge?" Mihoshi asked Tris.

"Great!  From what I can see of it."

"You just stay right there, buster," Kiyone told him.  "And zip the 
lip!  You too, Mihoshi."

They were in the forward operations and control section of the ship, 
referred to as the "bridge."  It was a spacious compartment, about the 
size of the Masaki home's first floor, and quite tall...the ceiling 
would reach to the Masaki home's attic.  It was dominated by the 
command-and-control module, equivalent to an airship's cockpit.  The 
module consisted of the main navigation and weapons console behind 
which squatted two tall-backed cockpit seats sporting immense side and 
head bolsters.  Kiyone and Mihoshi sat on those seats now.  The 
console itself consisted of a brain-numbing array of touchpads and bar 
graph indicators, as well as two large screens, one facing each seat, 
which Kiyone and Mihoshi referred to as viewscreens.  Finally, small 
data pods were attached to the two pilot's seats with telescoping 
arms, from which even more ship's information could be read and 
inputted.  It was almost information overload, but the two women 
handled the mass of data efficiently and adroitly.

Facing them was the literal bow, or front, of the ship, much of it 
encased in the transparent material, so that the Yogami's pilots had 
an immense view of where their starship was heading.  In addition, 
large panels were suspended in front of the two Galaxy Police officers 
which provided a constant, real-time readout of all the ship's 
functions and weaponry status.  Every so often, numbers and words 
would just appear in the air in front of Mihoshi and Kiyone.  Tris 
guessed these were heads-up displays but he saw no light source for 
projection--in which case, they were somehow generated and projected 
without light.  Rather cool.

No doubt about it, Toto...he wasn't in Kansas anymore.

Tris knew that even his late father would have had quite a learning 
curve to master such a complicated array of controls to pilot this 
ship--and piloting an F-15E was a hell of a complex task in itself.  
Tris didn't even want to think about trying to pilot such a starship 
himself.  Kiyone was right...the spectacle of her and Mihoshi so 
deftly handling the big starship, piloting it out of Earth's orbit 
and into outer space and doing so with only the slightest sensation 
of movement, was tremendously impressive.  His regard for the two's 
professional abilities skyrocketed.

Unfortunately, he had to observe all this from a spot at the very 
front of the bridge behind the pilot console and the main screens, 
his back pressing against the transparent material that opened up the 
sights of outer space to the two pilots.  For Kiyone had issued one of 
her first orders—-that Tris, when entering the bridge, would keep 
himself pressed against the walls and quickly go the front and then 
stick himself into the little nook he now found himself in.

"Kiyone," Tris spoke up.

Kiyone looked up from where she was recording fuel pressure.  She 
frowned.  "I ordered you to keep silent when on the bridge, Tris." 

"Can't I ask one question?"

"Please let him, Kiyone," Mihoshi urged.

"Mihoshi, you're supposed to back me up!"

"I will...only, let Tris ask his question.  Please?"

"Oh, okay.  What is it now, Tris?"

"How come I have to stick my sorry self in this corner?" Tris asked.  
Actually, it wasn't a corner, since the ship's combined forward 
operations control center and bridge was rather oblong shaped, 
achieved by an engineering Tris could only wonder at.  Kiyone and 
Mihoshi seemed to know what he meant, though.

"Tris, it would be nice if you'd pay a little attention to what I tell 
you," Kiyone replied, grumpy at being interrupted in her fuel pressure 
recording—-it was vital to accurately estimate fuel consumption so 
they'd be able to justify re-fueling at GP Headquarters.  Also, she 
was ticked off at Tris for disobeying her orders so quickly.  "I 
pointed out to you the two viewscreens on the console and the fact that 
they can be projected on the main screens.  Oh, I understand now--I 
used two syllables!  I'm sorry.  Okay, let's go one syllable at a 
time, Tris.  View...screen.  Now, say it with me."

Tris was clearly getting a bit grumpy himself.  "View...screen," he 
said through gritted teeth.

"Very good!  Now, what do those simple words mean to you?"

"It means I wanna take my ball and go home," Tris muttered.

"What did you say?  Don't mumble."

"It means it's a screen someone can view you from," Tris said.

"That's my smart boy.  So that means when we get a call from our 
area Command Post or from our Headquarters, the caller can see us and 
what's behind us just as we can see them and their surroundings.  
Now, do you suppose it would be a good thing for them to suddenly 
contact us and see you hanging about?"

"No," Tris had to admit.

"That's right...no!"  Kiyone returned to tapping inputs on the 
console.

Tris sighed, but did so quietly.  It was going to be a long trip.  He 
wondered if Kiyone's brusqueness was due to the fact that he had made 
fun earlier of the fingerless gloves she wore to pilot the ship.  He 
had called them "driving gloves" and wondered aloud if Kiyone wore a 
tweed cap, too.  Kiyone had not been amused.

Now he saw Mihoshi looking at him.  Her wide blue eyes were 
sympathetic.  He grinned at her and winked.  Mihoshi smiled.

"Mihoshi, have you established our uplink to the nav buoy network 
yet?" Kiyone asked her.

"Ummm...no, Kiyone."

"Do you plan to do it before we reach retirement age?"  

"I'll do it now, Kiyone."  Mihoshi returned to her tasks.

Tris stood and watched Kiyone and Mihoshi run through their post take-
off checklist.  Kiyone, of course, handled her tasks with aplomb, the 
compleat professional pilot.  Mihoshi also performed quite well.  She 
was no ditz, no air-headed blonde now.

Without lifting her eyes from the console, Kiyone said, "Tris, once 
we have the ship properly underway and locked on its course, Mihoshi 
and I like to have a meal together in the galley inside the recreation 
room.  Yogami will be on automatic pilot while she travels through 
your solar system, anyway.  After that, we take turns manning the 
bridge.  You're welcome to join us for the meal."  She glanced at him.  
He nodded.

Then Kiyone smiled that special smile at him.

Tris now understood.  Kiyone was all business when it came to 
business, police business, that is.  But she could and would unbend 
when that business was completed...at least, completed for the 
moment.



After a quiet evening of watching TV, Ryoko found herself baby-
sitting Princess Ayeka in the women's dorm room.  It was around ten-
thirty p.m., and the Princess and Sasami were snuggled in their 
futons, eyes closed.  Ryoko sat on hers.  As a concession to Ryoko, 
the lights in the room were on, but their intensity had been lowered 
via the light bezel on the wall.

Ryoko was bored, really bored.  So bored that she was reduced to 
wiggling her bare toes and trying to determine which foot was faster 
at toe-wiggling.  It was a tie, she finally decided.

Man!  When she found herself engrossed in watching her tootsies 
twiddle, it was a sure sign she was going wacky.  This baby-sitting—-
actually, Princess-watching was a better term for it--wasn't turning 
out quite as Ryoko had planned.

Since she could subsist on little sleep (although, rather like 
Mihoshi, she preferred lots and lots of sleep), Ryoko had volunteered 
to take her shift tonight, although she'd been awake all day.  The 
thought that she could sack out all day tomorrow, free of the 
Princess's not-so-subtle hints to perform housework, was gratifying, 
as was the way Tenchi had smiled at her when she announced she would 
commence her Princess-watching that night.  Now that had been just 
lovely...her sweetums thought she was a real trouper and Ayeka could 
only burn in silence.  That alone was worth a little boredom.

Of course, Ryoko didn't think there was any real danger.  That crud 
Klove had shot his bolt.  Ryoko truly believed that Ayeka could not 
and would not harm any of them, despite all that hypnosis stuff.  
Tris might be wrong, but Washuu almost certainly wasn't.  Washuu was 
a real pain in the rear sometimes but she was usually right about 
things...annoyingly right, to be perfectly honest about it.  Ryoko 
pictured Washuu again in that one-piece swimsuit with all the peek-a-
boo panels.  And Washuu thought that was hot stuff!  It just showed 
you what happened to a girl when she became an old maid.

Ryoko had no intention of being an old maid.  She planned to age into 
a feisty old babe with Tenchi.  Tenchi would make her world and life 
complete.  She loved him to distraction, she dreamed about him (no 
nasty old Professors messing with her dreams, thank you!), and even 
fantasized about him.  Maybe she fantasized too much.  Reading those 
sexy hentai books had gotten her really aroused, and it was all she 
could do not to go zipping into Tenchi's bedroom.  Hmmmm...come to 
think of it, Tris was gone and...she shook her platinum head firmly.  
She had promised Ayeka a "fair fight."  Ryoko would stick to her 
promise.

Not that Ayeka always fought fair.  When the Princess had come 
crawling back to Earth (some dedicated Princess she was!) as Ryoko 
had predicted, Ayeka had even ordered her royal galleon to depart 
without her for Jurai.  It was a clear indication that she planned to 
stay on Earth this time...although all she really had to do was 
contact her snooty family via her two Guardians and there'd be a ship 
to take her back, toot-sweet.  But the ploy definitely made her look 
like she had made an irrevocable commitment to Tenchi, while Ryoko 
always had Ryo-Ohki to take off in again.

"That was dirty pool, Princess," Ryoko muttered at Ayeka's silent, 
slowly breathing form.  "Real dirty pool."

Still, most of the time they both observed their fair-fight pact, 
Ryoko admitted to herself.  It had to be that way.  Their days of 
actual physical combat were over.  This was so for several trenchant 
reasons.  First of all, the best the two of them could do was fight 
to a draw...one simply couldn't defeat the other.  This fact had 
amazed them both—-they each had thought themselves invincible.  
Secondly, the last time they had fought with their powers, the house 
had been seriously damaged, which caused a lot of expensive repair 
work and some problems with that insurance stuff that Ryoko really 
didn't understand.  Tenchi had been so angry he had almost sent them 
both away and that Ryoko understood all too well.  So now they went 
at each other in other ways--verbally and by exploiting any 
opportunity to advance themselves in Tenchi's eyes, such as her 
volunteering to watch over Ayeka.  Ryoko grinned.  She stuck her 
tongue out at the silent and still form of the Princess.  Hah!  Got 
her that time!

"Put that disgusting thing back in your mouth, Ryoko!"

Ryoko nearly bit her tongue with surprise.

Ayeka sat up.  "Do you call this watching me?  Playing silly games 
with your feet, muttering things at me, and sticking your tongue out 
like a spoiled child?  Really, Ryoko!"

"What?  You're awake?"  Ryoko was stunned.

"Of course I am awake.  How could anyone sleep with all the silly 
things you are doing?"

"Hey, Sasami's asleep!"

Now Sasami sat up.  "No, I'm not."  She smiled.  "You sure were 
funny, Ryoko."

"Aw, nuts!"  Ryoko groaned.  Talk about being hooked and reeled in, 
but good! 

"That is just the kind of intelligent response we expect from you, 
Ryoko.  I know Lord Tenchi will greatly enjoy hearing about the 
valiant way you watch over me."

"You wouldn't!"

"And why not?"

"Because...because I have been watching you!  I haven't left this 
room!"

"She's right, Ayeka," Sasami said.

Ayeka appeared to mull this over.  "Very well.  I shall not say a word 
to Lord Tenchi.  But you must sit there quietly and do your duty, 
Ryoko.  That means no trips to the living room to watch television, 
or trips to the kitchen to eat leftovers...and certainly no trips to 
anyone else's bedroom!"

"Okay, okay,"  Ryoko stewed.  The Princess had her over a barrel.  The 
last thing Ryoko wanted was for Tenchi to hear about her toe-twiddling 
competition.  Then a thought occurred to her.  "But can't I at least 
go to the bathroom?  What if I have to...you know..."

Sasami giggled. 

"Ohhh, how vulgar!  I suppose that is all right, but you must not 
dawdle, and--"

Ayeka was interrupted by a tapping at the door.

"Now see what you have done, Ryoko?" Ayeka snapped.  "You have 
awakened Lord Yosho or perhaps poor Mr. Masaki!"

"Have not!  You've been yak-yakking all this time!" Ryoko shot back.

"Come in!" Sasami called.

The door slid open.  It was Tenchi.  Dressed in his kimono, pajamas, 
and slippers, he carried his stereo radio and a pair of earphones.

"Hi, girls."  He grinned, a bit sleepily.

Instantly, Ryoko and Ayeka forgot their argument. They eyes sparkled 
at the sight of Tenchi in his kimono and pajamas.  Their faces glowed 
with love.

"Hi, sweetums," Ryoko sighed.

"Hello, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka breathed.

Sasami watched the two of them melt in Tenchi's presence with 
amusement.  But, she had to admit, she felt a little like melting, 
too.

"Ryoko, I know it must be pretty dull just to sit here and watch 
Ayeka," Tenchi told her.  "So I thought I'd bring this old radio for 
you to listen to.  It's the one we took to the beach.  The earphones 
will keep you from waking up Ayeka or Sasami."

Ryoko nearly wriggled with delight.  "Oh, that is so wonderful of 
you, sweetums.  You deserve a big kiss for that."

Ayeka glared at her.  "Lord Tenchi brought that radio so that I could 
get a good night's sleep without being awakened by your hijinks!  If 
anyone should kiss him, it is I."

"Girls..." Tenchi began.

"You said you wouldn't say anything about--you know!"  Ryoko returned 
Ayeka's glare.

"I did not say anything...but I should!"

"Girls...girls..." Tenchi tried to moderate.

"Perhaps you should show Lord Tenchi that wonderful pastime you have 
discovered.  I am certain he will be as enthralled by it as we were," 
Ayeka suggested acidly.

"Leave my feet out of this!"  Ryoko stopped, realizing that she had 
just rather put her foot into it herself.

"Feet?" Tenchi asked, looking at both Ayeka and Ryoko.

Ayeka laughed the peculiarly brassy laugh she used when scoring 
against Ryoko.  Ryoko glowered.

Then Sasami rose from her pallet.  The little girl walked over to 
Tenchi and took the radio and earphones from him.  Then she motioned 
for him to bend over.  He did.  Sasami gently kissed his cheek. 

"Sasami!"

"Junior Princess!"

"Thank you for your thoughtfulness, Tenchi," Sasami told him.  "I 
know you're tired and want to go back to bed.  They'll be quiet now, 
I think.  Good-night."

Tenchi grinned down at the little Princess.  "Good night, Sasami.  
Good night, girls."

Ayeka and Ryoko just stared after Tenchi as he left, sliding the door 
shut behind him.  Then they stared at Sasami.

Sasami smiled to herself.  She walked to Ryoko and handed the radio 
and earphones to the space pirate, who accepted them numbly.  Then 
Sasami walked back to her futon, slipped benath the covers, and laid 
her head on her pillow.  "Good night," she said to her big sister and 
Ryoko.

Both Ayeka and Ryoko continued to stare, dumfounded, as Sasami 
smilingly drifted off to sleep.



"It's not very tasty, is it, Tris?" Mihoshi asked the American.

"It's okay, Mihoshi...if you crave cardboard."

Mihoshi laughed.  "I think it tastes like cardboard, too!"

"Mihoshi!  These are our official rations!" Kiyone objected.

The three of them sat at a low table in the small, but functional, 
ship's galley, located just adjacent to the pleasantly decorated and 
furnished ship's recreation room.

The galley was small, with a food preparation area that consisted of 
several instant-cooking modules, rather like microwave ovens, and a 
dining area, where they were seated now.  Although the floor of the 
galley, as in the rest of the starship, was carpetless, and the walls 
were largely devoid of anything resembling pictures and posters, the 
overall effect was still cheerful and inviting.  The ship's interior 
at least didn't have that rivets-in-the-wall look of many military 
sea and air vessels on Earth.  Here was a ship where people could 
spend a great deal of time in and not feel as if they were traveling 
in a crate.   Of course, a few pictures on the smooth, bare walls 
would not have hurt, either.  Tris had briefly glimpsed Kiyone's and 
Mihoshi's private quarters during the tour of the ship and those rooms 
were more intimately furnished, at least--Mihoshi's quarters were a 
riot of pink.

The recreation room itself had proved a welcome surprise to Tris, 
compared to the severely functional, almost Bauhaus design of the 
rest of the starship, with its music and video entertainment modules, 
comfy couches, and huge library of instructional media for GP 
officers to brush up their knowledge of Galactic laws, history, and 
various planetary cultures.  There were even discs on protocol, useful 
when entertaining royalty such as the Juraians.  In addition, there 
was, interestingly enough, a shelf of what had to be books in one 
corner, next to a device that Mihoshi told Tris was a alien kareoke 
machine.  The recreation ("rec") room proved that Kiyone's and 
Mihoshi's patrols were not all work and no play.

At the moment, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tris were eating the boxed food 
rations stored aboard every GP ship--the prepared food units that 
required no cooking, no baking, no frying, and no taste buds.  Most 
GP officers stocked their ships with more appealing foodstuffs--of 
course, most GP officers had money to spend on such luxuries.

"You mean these are your official rancid rations," Tris replied to 
Kiyone.  He pushed a cube of something orangish around his flat 
translucent plate with a kind of fork-spoon combination utensil.  
He'd seen lumps of old plaster that looked more appetizing.

"Rancid! That's right!" Mihoshi hooted.

Around the table were four armless chairs--well, they were sort of 
like chairs.  Mihoshi had placed Trissy in the fourth chair.  The 
plush pooch looked dolefully at the table, as if worried that someone 
would offer her some of those rations.

"The official rations aren't meant to tickle your taste buds!" Kiyone 
said, exasperated with both of them.  "They are purely nutritional 
edibles and they'll give you all the vitamins and minerals you need.  
So eat!"

"Yes, Mom.  Hey, what do you think this is, Mihoshi?" Tris asked, 
pointing at the orange food cube on his plate.  "A vitamin or a 
mineral?"

Mihoshi laughed again.

"Tris...!"  Kiyone glared at him.

"This stuff is crud, Blue Eyes," Tris told her.  "I've eaten MREs--
Meals, Ready To Eat--on Earth and they taste like food...sort of.  
This tastes like grade school modeling clay, except the modeling 
clay had some taste to it.  This is the product of your advanced 
civilization?"

"Oh, most of the food here is awful!" Mihoshi said.  "So many 
different people and so many different tastes, you know.  So it's all 
really bland like this--not like on Earth!"  Mihoshi's eyes glowed 
at the thought of the yummy food on Earth.

"There's more to life than food, Mihoshi," Kiyone said crossly.

"There is?" Mihoshi said.  "I mean...sure, Kiyone.  But food is 
awfully important!"

"You tell her, Mihoshi," Tris said.

"Okay, so don't eat it, buster," Kiyone gritted at him.

"Thanks!" Tris said.  "I won't."

Kiyone stared at him, shocked.  "You're going to go hungry?"

"Nope."

"What do you mean, then?"

"Well, why do you think my overnight bag was stuffed so full--lots 
of jockey shorts?"

Mihoshi was lost in another fit of laughing.

"Hey--what is this, you clown?  What did you bring?"  Kiyone 
demanded.  "I wondered why you stopped in the kitchen before we 
left."

"Well, now you know.  I brought a bunch of those freeze-dried cups of 
noodles--you know, ramen."

Mihoshi sprang to her feet.  "Yay!  Oh, I love you, Tris!"

"Mihoshi!" Kiyone cried.

"Well..."  Mihoshi smiled at Tris.  "Let's go open your bag, okay?"

"Why don't you bring it here?  It's in those so-called visitor's 
quarters, remember?" Tris suggested.

"Sure--right away!"  Mihoshi walked, happily—-all but skipped--out 
of the galley and through the open doors of the recreation room.

When she was gone, Kiyone said, "Tris, what's the big idea?"

"Tenchi told me how bad the food was on your shipm and how you never 
brought enough food, anyway, and everyone almost starved."

"That was Ryoko's fault!" Kiyone denied the charge.

"Was it her fault you didn't have enough food?"

"We weren't expecting to carry the whole damned Misaki family with 
us!" Kiyone retorted.

"Okay, that's your story.  You stick to it.  Of course, everyone else 
says different."

"That does it!"  Kiyone stood up and walked around the table to him.  
"You asked for this!"

Just as she got ready to poke him a good one, Tris picked Trissy up.

"You wouldn't hit a fellow with a puppy dog...would you?" Tris asked 
her sadly.  He made his face look as doleful as Trissy's.

Kiyone stopped.  Then she shook with laughter.  She took Trissy away 
from Tris, dumped the pooch back on its seat, and was bent over and 
kissing him before he could even react.

"No," she chuckled.  "But I can sure kiss him silly!"

At about the time the third kiss was delivered on target, Mihoshi 
walked into the galley carrying Tris's overnight bag.

"Awww..." Mihoshi said.  "I thought we were going to eat some yummy 
noodles."

Kiyone parted from Tris.  "Yes we are, partner.  You get a vessel of 
water boiling and this idiot and I will open up some of the cups."

Even Trissy almost looked pleased.



Tenchi did not immediately return to his bed from the women's 
bedroom.  He noticed that light showed under the door of his father's 
bedroom.  He knocked on the door softly.  He heard his father's voice 
and Tenchi slid the door open.

He saw his father sitting on his bed, clad in his pajamas.  Nobuyuki 
was peering in a cloth-bound ledger that Tenchi recognized as the one 
containing the household accounts.

"Come in, son," Nobuyuki said genially.  He placed his pencil behind 
an ear, something Tenchi had seen his Dad do as long as he could 
remember.

Tenchi walked in and closed the door.  "You shouldn't stay up too 
late, Dad.  You need to..."  He stopped, abashed.

But his father just smiled.  "Well, no, I don't have to get up to go 
to work in the morning.  Quite a shock to realize that, eh?"

Tenchi forced a smile.  "Well, Dad, now you're on vacation."

His father shook his head.  "Tenchi, unemployment is not a vacation.  
It's a time of high anxiety, peppered with moments of pure 
desperation.  Working at a job is much easier than looking for one.  
I'm beginning to recall all that.  When the first firm I worked for 
went belly up, I had to look for the job I've had until today, when 
you were just a baby.  No fun, I can tell you.  Thank heavens for the 
moral support of your dear mother and your grandfather during that 
time."

"I'm sorry, Dad," Tenchi said.  "But you sure have all our support."

"Thank you, son.  That really means a lot.  I don't know how single 
folks make it during times like this...I really don't."

"I hope I never have to find out, Dad," Tenchi admitted somberly.

"You won't son.  You'll always be surrounded by friends and family.  
At least I can count on that for you."

"Uh-huh.  Any prospects at all, Dad?"

"Well, I'm considering going with one of the contracting firms, if I 
can.  Practically everything is done by contractors these days, 
rather than regular employees, it seems.  No wonder!  What a deal it 
is for companies, having workers but not having to do anything but pay 
a flat fee for them...no health insurance or investment plans to cover 
and hire-at-will to boot."

"Hire-at-will, Dad?"

"It means they can fire you at any time, without a stated cause, and 
without any severance pay."

"Man!"

"That's the way it is, Tenchi.  If I go in as a contractor, I do the 
job, get paid by the contractor, and then have to wait for another job 
to come up before working again.  Lots of folks like it, but it can 
play havoc with trying to budget yourself.  Some firms actually pay 
you during the idle time.  Perhaps I can get on with one of them." 

"I guess it's better than nothing, Dad.  But it sounds pretty iffy."

Nobuyuki nodded.  "Oh, it is.  My age is against me and also the fact 
that I held a senior position for so long.  The contracting firms 
want young people who aren't accustomed to doing anything but taking 
orders.  So even contractor work may well be beyond my reach."

Tenchi walked over to his father.  He laid a hand on his shoulder.  
"Something will turn up, Dad.  I know it.  Are you checking the 
household accounts?"

"Yes.  Sasami is certainly a precise little shopper...every cost 
entered, down to the last noodle!"  Nobuyuki chuckled.  It was a 
welcome sound to Tenchi.  "We'll make it this month, and the next 
before we have to dip into the savings.  That's a little time to get 
re-employed again, at least."

"Good!"  Tenchi clapped his father on the shoulder.  "Washuu already 
said she's going to monitor all the airwaves and the Internet for 
local architect position openings and send it to your computer daily.  
Ayeka and Sasami and Ryoko said they'd get the newspaper first thing 
each morning and pencil all the possible openings.  It'll be all 
right, Dad.  You'll see."

"Of course it will, son," his father said.  But the household 
accounts ledger, lying on his lap, seemed to say differently.



Thanks to the substitution of hot noodles loaded with goodies for GP 
food rations, the mood around the galley table was significantly more 
companionable now.  Tris was even able to ask dumb questions without 
receiving sarcasm from Kiyone.

"Okay," he asked.  "Explain again how you're able to know where you 
are in deep space?  Finding a way to navigate outside of the solar 
system is one of the problems that makes routine deep space travel 
sound pretty implausible to us knuckle-draggers on Earth."

Kiyone nodded.  "I know...I heard that sort of talk on your TV.  But 
it's quite simple, Tris."  She was actually enjoying explaining her 
world and its marvels to Tris.  She hadn't been sure she would find it 
enjoyable or that Tris would take it so well.  After kind of a rocky 
start, Tris was really being kind of wonderful; he absorbed new 
information and concepts quickly.  Although he marveled at the Yogami, 
he accepted the ship and its functions and capabilities as new 
technology, not as magic or science fiction.  It all made her feel 
much easier in her mind about him.  Already, she thought, the trip was 
paying off.  That is, as long as they didn't get caught.

"My simple mind is open.  Fire away."

Mihoshi, who was on her third cup of noodles, giggled.  She had just 
gotten the knuckle-dragger bit.  

"Okay.  Many years ago, survey teams explored space away from their 
planets and placed what we call nav buoys, or navigational buoys, in 
strategic places, such as next to a planet or a planetoid.  For 
example, there's a nav buoy positioned close to the planet you call 
Saturn...the one with the rings.  These buoys are programmed to use 
their little rocket stabilizers to maintain that position precisely.  
They also communicate with other buoys to keep their positions fixed 
and to report any failures that they either repair internally or wait 
for a maintenance crew to come out and fix.  The positions of all 
these buoys are mapped and the mapping parameters are loaded into 
navigational control computers, or navcoms, which all ships, private 
or governmental, must have and which must be updated periodically.  
The navcoms on the ships search out the nearest buoys and the 
particular identification numbers of those buoys tell the navcom 
exactly what sector of space—-your solar system counts as a sector, 
incidentally--the ship is in.  The use of several buoys to get one's 
bearings is a technique that I think on Earth you call triangulation.  
It allows the navcom to pinpoint exactly where the ship is at."

"Phew!" Tris said.  "That's a little complex but I understand the 
principle behind it.  It's sort of like a plane on Earth navigating 
with the help of radio signals or using satellite geo-positioning."    

"That's right, Tris," Mihoshi said, gratified that he understood.  
"It's kind of like having landmarks that are always there, you know?  
That's how I see it, anyway." 

Tris nodded.  "The folks who went out and set up your buoy system--
they must have been real trailblazers," he commented.

"Uh-huh!  They were pioneers," Mihoshi said.

"Oh...and are you a Pioneer?"

"Huh?" Mihoshi said.  "No...but I read a lot about our celestrial 
navigation system."

Kiyone smiled.  "Mihoshi is the navigation expert on Yogami.  She 
scored very high at the Academy on navigation and has passed all her 
certs—-that is, certifications--to get her navigator's warrant."

"Gosh, Kiyone..."  Mihoshi looked down at the table, her cheeks 
flushed, embarrased and pleased by the unaccustomed praise from her 
partner.  It was a nicer surprise than even the noodles had been.

"That's doesn't surprise me, Mihoshi," Tris said.  "I was really 
impressed by the way you handled the ship earlier.  I don't think I 
could ever do what you did even if they trained me for a decade."

Now Mihoshi's entire face blushed.  Her eyes sparkled.  She loved 
praise and got so little of it that it was exceedingly special to her 
whenever she received any accolades.  The fact that Tris was always 
nice to her and showed respect for her didn't dilute the effect of 
the praise he gave her now.  "Thank you," she said, very softly.  
She suddenly had the overwhelming urge to hug.  So she picked up 
Trissy and hugged her plush cocker spaniel.  She wished it was Tris 
she was hugging, though.

"Speaking of the ship," Tris asked, "and since you're the Answer Lady 
today, Kiyone...how about telling me what powers Yogami?  Washuu tried 
to explain it to me but it sounded like ancient Greek."

Kiyone rolled her eyes.  "That Washuu!  She takes a simple subject 
and makes it sound so damned complicated.  Okay, I'll try, Tris.  You 
know what antimatter is?"

"Sure.  The so-called Big Bang that created the universe was a 
combination of matter and antimatter.  Lots of folks think antimatter 
is some science fiction invention, but it exists.  My country is 
working with the Japanese right now to find true antimatter molecules 
in our atmosphere.  We've found antiparticles such as anti-protons 
and anti-electrons and we've even created antihydrogen molecules in 
particle accelerators."

Kiyone's eyes widened.  She had no idea her goofball was so well read.

"Gosh, Tris—-that's really good!  You know about antimatter!"  Mihoshi 
smiled fondly at Tris.

"And so you know why it's the answer for interstellar travel?"  Kiyone 
probed a bit.

"Well...sorta." Tris racked his brains for what he had read about 
antimatter as a rocket fuel.  "With antimatter, supposedly, no more 
than a thumb-sized amount would fuel a rocket to travel at speeds many 
times the speed of light," Tris said.  "Is that what fuels Yogami?"

Kiyone nodded.  "We call our engines reactors, but they're really 
positron generators--you know, the antimatter to electrons.  We mix 
the positrons with plain old protons, plus antiprotons, in a cloud of 
electrons.  The "soup" creates a terrific thrust that carries Mihoshi 
and me all over the galaxy."  

"Cool.  Like I said, we're already creating antimatter in particle 
accelerators, and—-" Tris began.

"Yeah, but at the stage you're at, your scientists are expending 
millions of times more energy to make the antimatter particles than 
those particles produce, Tris," Kiyone pointed out.  "You'll need a 
lot of quantum leaps forward in your technology to make antimatter 
fuel viable, I'm afraid.  That's why Earth hasn't been approached for 
membership in the Galactic Union—-you're too far away from inter-
stellar flight.  Sorry."

Tris looked a bit led down by her words.  Mihoshi knew it had to be 
discouraging for him to sit in a spacecraft whose equivalent no 
Earthling would pilot until long after he was dead.  She felt sad.  
She would never had told Tris that stuff about his people not being 
able to travel to the stars for centuries.  Why make him feel bad?

Kiyone decided to change the subject.  "I hope you don't get too used 
to all the space in this ship, Tris."  She smiled apologetically.  
"Because when we get to our apartments, you're going to think you're 
back in the teleport chamber, almost."

"That small, huh?"

"I'll say!" Mihoshi exclaimed.  "I really thought Tenchi and his 
father and grandfather lived in a palace when I first went to Earth 
chasing Ryoko.  So much space in that house...so much nice space!  
Full of nice people!"

Kiyone nodded.  "Even our old apartment in Okayama City seems vast 
compared to our apartments back at Headquarters.  Of course, that was 
a pretty chintzy apartment we leased.  Remember, Mihoshi?"

"Sure I do.  I didn't mind it all that much, though."

Kiyone shook her head.  "Mihoshi!  It was right next to that awful 
elevated train that shook the whole building about every fifteen 
minutes, don't you remember?  Half the time the heat didn't work and 
we wouldn't get hot water sometimes, either.  We couldn't afford 
hardly any furniture and the place was almost bare."  Kiyone gave a 
small shudder.  "The worst thing was trying to launder our clothes."

"How so?" Tris asked.

"We couldn't afford a washing machine in our apartment, so we had to 
cart our clothes to a tiny coin laundry down the street.  That place 
was always packed!  Night and day!  People with families and kids 
running around.  We were lucky to get one washer and then we had to 
wait around for a dryer.  There was nothing to do but listen to your 
clothes in the washing machine or watch them tumble in the dryer.  
Awful!"  Kiyone grimaced.

"Uh-huh," Mihoshi agreed.  "We couldn't even find a place to sit down.  
We tried leaving once when our clothes were in the dryer and when we 
came back, they were stolen!  My best pink pullover and everything!"

"Yeah...and I don't know how we scraped up enough money to replace 
those clothes," Kiyone added.

"I almost asked my Daddy for money—-the first time ever!  But I 
didn't.  We just went to second-hand stores to shop," Mihoshi 
recalled.

"That was great...wearing other people's cast-off clothes," Kiyone 
commented ruefully.  "But, we got by."

"It was better when we could hold down those part-time jobs," Mihoshi 
said.  "Although we didn't hold them long."

"Yeah, I wonder why?" Kiyone spoke with heavy sarcasm.

"I don't know why...something always happened.  I tried my best."  
Mihoshi seemed defensive.

"Oh, forget about it, Mihoshi.  Those jobs stunk!  They paid little 
and they were demeaning.  There I was, second-ranked in our class at 
the Academy, and I was directing trucks on a construction site!  A 
paid laborer!"  Kiyone looked indignant.

"But we didn't have any references or anything, Kiyone," Mihoshi 
reminded her.  "We were lucky to get any jobs at all.  That bath 
house job wasn't so bad."

"Handing out towels to overweight, middle-aged biddies?  I hated it!" 
Kiyone gritted.  "And having to wash all those towels afterwards?  
You're kidding!"

"It wasn't so bad, Kiyone.  At least we got to use the bath house for 
free." 

Tris listened to the tales of the two young women with amusement, 
sympathy, and a bit of wonderment.  Their story could have been told 
by just about any two girls out on their own...only these two were 
from outer space and were professional law officers, to boot.  Yeah, 
it must have really stung to be forced to perform the most menial of 
jobs for low pay.  It amazed Tris that Kiyone and Mihoshi had pulled 
it off for so long--full-time jobs with the Galaxy Police and that 
moonlighting on the side.  Of course, that was the first go-round.  
This time around, the two officers could not afford to be caught 
moonlighting and so they ended up rooming at the Masaki homestead.  
It was obvious from Kiyone's expression that she did not wish to 
pursue that subject any further.  So Tris changed the subject.

"Speaking of laundry, Tenchi and I are supposed to use the washers 
and dryers in the dorm but they're always spoken for," Tris said.  "So 
we just wait until we run out of clean clothes and pile into in the 
Mustang and go to this coin laundry nearby.  You're right...it's not 
much fun.  Come to think of it, I reckon Tenchi was supposed to bring 
his laundry home on the weekends.  I can imagine Ayeka and Sasami 
wanting him to.  But he always did his laundry with me.  Maybe he was 
sort of trying to be independent."

Kiyone looked sardonic.  "You mean, proclaiming his freedom!"

"How's that?" Tris asked, puzzled by Kiyone's comment.

"Oh, you don't know, Tris...you've only been around us for a little 
while," Kiyone said.  "But this thing between Tenchi and Ayeka and 
Ryoko has been going on a long time, you know?  You weren't there to 
see how it was the first time those three hooked up.  Ayeka and Ryoko 
were at each other's throats.  They had these terrible firefights, 
and I mean firefights, over Tenchi.  And poor Tenchi was just a 
clueless high-school kid back then.  He didn't really understand what 
was driving those two."

"Yeah," Mihoshi said somberly as she remembered the earlier days with 
the Masakis.  "It could get awful scary.  Ryoko and Ayeka would get 
mad at each other, or one accuse the other of messing with Tenchi, 
and suddenly force beams and fireballs were zooming all around us!  
Sasami and I used to hide together, we were so scared!  Poor Mr. 
Masaki would come home from work to find the house wrecked again.  He 
had to put in those ceiling beams and extra walls and all, and I know 
it must have cost a lot of money.  I think there was trouble with the 
insurance, too.  He was nice about it, though."  Mihoshi frowned as 
she thought of something else.  "Of course, he really had roving eyes 
back then, but I didn't mind so much.  Ayeka and Ryoko did, though.  
They called him a pervert.  I thought that was mean."

"Surrounded by all you pretty women, and he was supposed to not 
notice?  That's a little rough," Tris said, shaking his head.  
"Tenchi told me his Dad embarrassed himself over you girls, but he's 
a widower, for crying out loud.  He's not dead."

"Yeah, well, he got a lot better about that stuff, anyway," Kiyone 
admitted.  "He still gives us the eye sometimes, but we're used to 
it now.  He has his good points.  He's worked so hard to support 
everyone and then he gets fired.  That just stinks."

"It's awful, all right," Mihoshi agreed in a sad voice. 

"It sure is.  We'll have to hope for the best there.  Anyway, what 
did you mean about Tenchi proclaiming his freedom, Kiyone?" Tris 
asked again.

"Oh!"  Kiyone laid a hand on Tris's arm.  "Sorry about going off the 
subject, Tris.  Anyway, like I said, Ryoko and Ayeka fought like 
wildcats over Tenchi.  Then we got involved in that Kagato civil war, 
we got promoted, Ryoko took off, Ayeka elected to stay on Jurai, and 
Tenchi went back to Earth.  Well, those two weren't about to let Tenchi 
go that easily.  As you know, they came back.  Then they started 
fighting again, and wrecked the house again, until Lord Yosho and 
Tenchi really put their foot down.  Then those two changed tactics.  
They stuck to Tenchi like glue.  They put constant pressure on him to 
choose one of them, and quick!  They're both not getting any younger 
and," Kiyone smiled a little wickedly, "Tenchi is really growing up 
to be a one hell of a handsome man.  I mean, he was cute before, but 
now...well, I know it's got to be killing Ayeka and Ryoko."

"Uh-huh!"  Mihoshi nodded.  "I mean, they don't fight rough anymore, 
and things are a lot quieter.  But I think they're even more stuck on 
Tenchi than before.  He's awfully good-looking now.  They're not 
going to let up on him until he chooses one of them.  So he couldn't 
hardly take a step around the house without one of them being right 
there."

"That bad?" Tris asked, amazed.

"That bad," Kiyone confirmed.  "He wanted to be free of them, at 
least a little bit, I suspect, and who can blame him?  I think that 
helped him decide to go to college in the city and to live in the 
dormitory there.   I also think his grandfather and his father 
endorsed the idea of his going away to college, partially because 
they wanted Tenchi to get a little relief from those two.  And let me 
tell you, both Ryoko and Ayeka were hell on wheels when they found 
about Tenchi's college plans.  They argued, they cried, they 
pleaded...you should have seen them at the bus station when he went 
off to your college the first time.  It was embarrassing!  Poor 
Tenchi."

"And poor Ayeka and Ryoko," Mihoshi commiserated.  

Kiyone nodded.  "Yeah, poor Ayeka and Ryoko...especially Ayeka.  You 
know, Tris, the first time she got together with Tenchi, it was 
really an accident.  When she stayed on, she chose to call it a 
"vacation."  Well, now she's here again and it's no accident...and no 
vacation.  Her intentions are damned obvious.  Meanwhile, her father, 
that King Asuza, is pressuring her to come back to Jurai, marry a 
suitable Consort, and take over the throne.  He wants to retire 
again...and I can tell you this, lots of folks want him to retire 
again, too!  So, Ayeka's really between a rock and a hard place.  
Tenchi won't leave Earth.  So she either turns her back on Jurai for 
good to live on Earth with Tenchi or she goes back to Jurai and never 
returns.  There's a sizeable movement on Jurai to petition the King 
to order her back.  He would probably, but her mother, Queen Misaki, 
still backs her play." 

Tris shook his head.  Tenchi had told him before how things were for 
Ayeka.  Now he realized that the pressure on her was worse than he 
could have imagined.

"You know," Mihoshi said softly, "Tenchi really does need to choose 
one of them.  But when he does, it's all over for the rest of us.  
Tenchi's wife won't want any single girls hanging around.  We'll all 
have to leave and I don't want to leave.  No one does.  Not Sasami, or 
Washuu, or..."  Mihoshi looked at Kiyone.

"I don't like sponging off the Masakis—-you know that, Mihoshi," 
Kiyone said firmly.

"I know.  But you do like it there...don't you, Kiyone?"

"Well...yeah."  Kiyone relented, a bit.  "At least we aren't starving 
there, like we just about did on our own."
     
"Living on our own wasn't as good as we thought it'd be," Mihoshi 
agreed.

"Yeah.  I'll admit that too.  The only good thing was that we were 
independent...for a while.  It was pretty lonely, though."  Kiyone 
looked bemused.  "I never thought I could feel so lonely."

"I felt that way, too, Kiyone."  Mihoshi brightened.  "But Tenchi and 
the girls—-even Washuu--did come to visit us that one time at the 
apartment and brought food!  Remember?  It was so good after all the 
cheap food we were buying."  As always, the topic of food was near 
and dear to Mihoshi's heart.

"Oh, God!"  Kiyone winced.  "Tris, Ayeka and Ryoko got into a fight 
during that visit and started using their powers—-they blasted each 
other and the apartment, too!  It was wrecked!  Mihoshi and I had to 
spend some of our food budget to buy the cheapest paint we could find 
to try to cover the scorched walls.  They still looked awful even 
after we painted.  I was so angry with Ryoko and Ayeka.  I couldn't 
believe they did that to our home."

Mihoshi nodded.  "That's right, Kiyone.  But Tenchi made Ayeka and 
Ryoko come back and help us fix the apartment.  Tenchi and Lord Yosho 
and Tenchi's father came too, and they worked so hard to fix our 
place...remember that?"

"Yeah, they did their best, I guess.  But we still lost our security 
deposit when we gave up the apartment."

"Hey!"  Mihoshi suddenly laughed.  "Do you remember what the other 
girls called our apartment?" 

Kiyone winced again.  "Don't remind me!"

"Why?  I thought it was cute."

"It was not cute!"

"What did they call your place?" Tris asked.

"Don't tell him, Mihoshi—-"

"They called our apartment the "Miho-Kiyo Place"!  You see, it's 
"Miho" for my name and "Kiyo" for—-"

"He can figure it out, Mihoshi!" Kiyone gritted.

Tris laughed.  "Miho-Kiyo...that's great!"

Kiyone glared at him.  "Lips that say that rotten name again won't 
kiss mine any more, buster."

Mihoshi shook her blonde head, obviously unable to comprehend her 
partner's attitude.  "It was just a joke, Kiyone.  You know.  The 
girls didn't mean anything by it."

"The hell they didn't!"

Tris decided to again steer the conversation along safer lines.  "So, 
your apartments back at your Headquarters are really dinky, huh?"

"Dinky is right.  You'll see.  It's just a small living room and 
bedroom and the necessity room," Kiyone said.

"She means the toilet room," Mihoshi explained to Tris.

"Mihoshi!  He knows!"

"Oh."

"Well, then you need to see Tenchi's and my dorm room at Okayama U.," 
Tris told them.  "Just enough space for two amazingly uncomfortable 
beds, two wardrobes, two tiny desks...and that's all she wrote.  We 
share a bathing room and a "necessity" room with two other guys.(1)  
Cozy it is.  Comfy it ain't."

"That sounds like the rooms we stayed in at the Academy...right 
Mihoshi?"

"Right!"  Mihoshi nodded.

"Of course, you expect those kind of accommodations in a college 
dorm," Tris admitted.  "But how come you two career women are living 
in cracker boxes?"  

Kiyone grimaced.  "You see, Tris, our apartments are located in this 
huge housing complex called the Compound, on the planet that the 
Headquarters orbits, the planet Vestra.  That rotten planet only 
exists to service the people who work at Headquarters--and "service" 
is too nice a word, boy!  They gouge the hell out of us, those damned 
greedy Vertrans, but what can we do?  The other nearest inhabitable 
planet is far enough away to make communing a real pain and it's not 
much cheaper than Vestra, anyway.  We rent the smallest apartments on 
that planet and the rent still eats up a lot of our salary."

"They're awful small, our apartments," Mihoshi agreed.  "I don't like 
living there, much.  When I first saw how little money I had after 
paying rent and utilities, I wanted to cry.  Ohhh, it's so nice to 
live at Tenchi's!"  Mihoshi smiled happily.  

"It's so nice to sponge off Tenchi, you mean," Kiyone countered.

"Kiyone!  We don't sponge off anyone.  We pay Tenchi's father every 
month to live there."

"What we pay isn't enough to cover what we cost them, Mishoshi," 
Kiyone retorted.  "It really hurts to know that.  But it's all we can 
afford to pay."

"Well, we don't sublet our apartments anymore," Mihoshi said.  "We'd 
have lots more money if we did."

"Why don't you sublet again?" Tris asked.  "That's a natural solution 
to your money problems."

Mihoshi didn't say anything.  She looked at Kiyone.

Tris regarded Kiyone too.  "How come?"

"Well..."  Tris now felt Kiyone's hand slip into his beneath the 
table.  "It was pretty dumb of me.  But I was so eager to get back to 
Headquarters and get our rank back, too.  I just wanted our apartments 
to be instantly ready for us when we returned.  Then, when time passed 
and there was no reversal of our punishment, Mihoshi tried to get me 
to face facts and re-sublet the apartments, but I wouldn't listen."

Mihoshi's wide blue eyes were sympathetic.  "I didn't mind, Kiyone.  
Really.  I understood how you felt."

"Besides, you could have been right, Kiyone.  Who knew?" Tris added.  
He squeezed her hand, gently.

Kiyone smiled gratefully at Mihoshi.  "You've been pretty patient 
with me over that issue," she told her.  She gave Tris a soft look.  
Then she released his hand and squared her shoulders.  "And I'm 
going to make up for it, right now."

"How do you mean, Kiyone?" Mihoshi asked.

"While I'm at GP Headquarters looking up the information on that Klove 
character, Mihoshi, I want you to contact our landlady and authorize 
her to sublet our apartments—-immediately.  Tell her we'll settle just 
for the rent being covered--that will get them sublet fast.  There's a 
big waiting list for apartments on Vestra," Kiyone added for Tris's 
benefit.

"Yay, Kiyone!"  Mihoshi was thrilled.  "We'll have so much more money 
each pay period!  I can spend it on—-"

"We can spend most of it on—-contributing a lot more to our room and 
board at the Masakis," Kiyone interrupted her, quietly and firmly.

"Sure, Kiyone!" Mihoshi agreed.  "I want to, too.  But we will have a 
little left over...won't we?"

Kiyone nodded, smiling.

"Good!  Then Tris can take us to our favorite kareoke bar in Okayama 
City--our treat!"

Kiyone looked at Tris.  "What do you say, Tris?" she asked with a 
smile.

"What else is there to say, but...yay?" Tris replied amiably.  Tenchi 
had been right.  Those two were going to get him to a karaoke bar.  
Oh, well. 

"That's a date, Tris," Kiyone said.  "We're going to hold you to it."  
She rose from the table.  "Now we're going to start our shifts.  I'll 
go take a nap first and Mihoshi will handle the bridge.  In a few 
hours, I'll switch with her.  You can do what you want, Tris--sleep a 
little now, use the video and audio facilities here.  You remember how 
I showed you to use them?"

"Yup."

"Good.  So the ship is yours to explore.  You'll have to obey my 
orders concerning the bridge, of course, and don't touch any controls 
or anything anywhere, especially in the engine or reactor bays.  
Okay?"  She was asking him nicely about things of the utmost 
importance to her.  Tris knew better than to make light of it.

"Okay," he said.

"He'll be good, Kiyone," Mihoshi said.

"I think so too, Mihoshi, but if he visits you in the bridge, he has 
to follow our procedures.  Right, partner?"

"Right, partner."

Kiyone looked immensely pleased.  "Such cooperation...I don't know if 
my little heart can stand the shock.  Okay, I'm off for my quarters.  
Tris, will you walk me there?"

"Glad to," Tris said, rising.

"Can I have just one more cup of noodles before I start, Kiyone?  
I'll eat them real quick, I promise," Mihoshi asked.

Kiyone surprised Tris by not arguing with Mihoshi.  "All right, 
Mihoshi.  Just don't dawdle."

"I won't."

In a few minutes, Tris found himself walking with Kiyone in the star-
lit corridor.  Kiyone had taken his hand.  They were walking slowly, 
not talking verbally, but communicating in a very real way, 
nonetheless.  The language they used was as old as mankind itself.  

When they reached the door of Kiyone's quarters, she touched a panel 
and the door slid open.  Then she turned to face him.  "I'll get some 
sleep now.  So give me a nice big kiss so I can have a lovely dream."

They embraced and kissed.  Kiyone finally broke off the kiss, laying 
her head on Tris's shoulder.  "I don't dare ask you into my quarters, 
Tris, the way I feel right now...you know?"

"I know."

"Do you, Tris?  I just want you to want me as much as I want you.  Is 
that too much to ask?"

"No, of course not."

"Well...you aren't kissing me like you used to."

"Aw, it's just being on this ship and all.  Maybe I'm just a little 
intimidated."

Kiyone laughed softly.  "Good!  I want my boyfriend to be intimidated!  
Well...not really."

Tris gently raised her head from his shoulder.  Then he kissed her, 
and this kiss was one for the record books.  Whatever Kiyone's 
intentions might or might not be, she was very dear to him.

"Wow," Kiyone murmured when they parted.  "That's the way you used to 
kiss me, all right...even better.  I'm going to have some really nice 
dreams now."  She kissed his nose.  "See you later, darling."  She 
slipped from his embrace and entered her quarters.  The door slid shut 
automatically behind her.   

Tris stared at her door a long moment.  Then he shook the fog from his 
head and walked to the guest quarters.  He doubted he could get any 
sleep now, but he'd try.



>From force of habit (rather like Tris), Nobuyuki woke up early the 
next morning.  He was out of bed, in kimono and slippers, and 
trudging out the door for the bathroom when he suddenly realized--
there was no need to hurry.  The realization hit him like a body 
blow.  For a moment, he felt lost and panicky.

Quickly, he pulled himself together.  It was a dreadful feeling to 
get up and really have nowhere to go...and no work to go to.  He would 
have to get used to that feeling.  Hopefully, not for too long a time.

Taking a long and deep breath to settle himself, he sat down on his 
bed.  Something crackled beneath him.  He rose and reached behind 
himself.  It was the morning newspaper—-in particular, the help-wanted 
classified section.  All the architect positions were circled--circled 
with big, red heart outlines.  On the paper's margins, words were 
written.  They were: "We know you'll succeed!" and "You're the best 
architect on Earth!"  At the bottom margin was written, "We love you, 
sir."

Tears brimmed in Nobuyuki's eyes.  He did nothing to stop their flow.  
He knew that Ayeka and Sasami...and even Ryoko (he recognized her 
wobbly handwritten "Earth") had gotten up early to be able to mark the 
paper like this for him.  They had put it on his bed while he was 
still asleep.  His father's heart recognized the love and support.  He 
let it fill him and warm him and strengthen him.  A person with the 
love and support of others had the strength of ten without--he had 
read that somewhere.(2)  It was true.  

He heard a soft tapping on his door.  "Come in," he said.  He quickly 
wiped his eyes.

The door slid open.  Yosho stood there, smiling at him.  "Come to 
breakfast, Nobuyuki.  The women have it all prepared."  He glanced at 
the newspaper on the bed.  He nodded.  "It looks as if you have some 
prospects already."

"Yes, it does."  Nobuyuki smiled.  "Breakfast is already prepared?  
But there is no need...any more."

"Nonsense!  You are still employed--employed in the great job hunt.  
You'll want to keep your usual hours, will you not?"

Nobuyuki understood.  Everyone was trying to ensure his normal 
routine was not changed so he could ease into the transition.  It made 
practical sense, too.  Keeping good work habits was essential to job-
hunting.

"I will indeed."  Nobuyuki rose from the bed.  "I'm rather hungry for 
breakfast this morning.  Let's go, father-in-law."



As it turned out, Tris finally had to call it quits on getting some 
shuteye.  In fact, he ended up taking a cold shower in his guest 
quarters lavatory.  He was pleased to see the GP still used water for 
bathing.  He had been expecting to encounter some ultrasound gizmo or 
whatever that performed such ablutions.  But even the cold shower did 
not help much.  He decided to look in on Mihoshi, whom he figured was 
still pulling her shift on the bridge.

Leaving his quarters, Tris walked up the starry-walled corridor to the 
open doorway of the bridge.  Then, upon entering, he carefully walked 
with his back against the wall of the bridge and parked himself in his 
assigned spot.

Mihoshi watched him do this, smilingly.  She was very glad to see 
Tris.  She got so bored with manning the bridge alone when the Yogami 
was in routine flight; with the navcom locked into a preset 
destination, the starship literally flew herself.  But Kiyone insisted 
that at least one of them stay on the bridge, even though the Yogami 
would alert them when and if something untoward happened.  It was just 
her way.

At the moment, Mihoshi was occupying herself by preparing the report 
on recent activity in their sector that they had to turn in 
periodically.  It was a short report, since nothing much had happened.  
As usual.    

Tris was amused to see that Mihoshi had seated Trissy in Kiyone's 
pilot seat.  Now Mihoshi and Trissy were piloting the Yogami.  Tris 
hoped Kiyone didn't catch the plush pooch in her seat, though.  
Kiyone's humor meter just didn't register when she was carrying out 
her duties. 

"I'm glad you came to keep me company, Tris," Mihoshi said, lifting 
her eyes from the report she was inputting on the console.

Tris nodded.

"You can talk to me, Tris," Mihoshi said.

Tris raised his eyebrows.  Kiyone had given him strict orders 
concerning neither being seen nor heard on the bridge.

"It's okay now," Mihoshi said.  "I fixed it."

Tris pondered this.  Mihoshi had proven to him that she knew what she 
was about as far as her duties on the ship were concerned.  And Kiyone 
had told him that on the Yogami, Mihoshi's requests were tantamount to 
orders.

He asked, "Are you sure, Mihoshi?"

"Sure, I'm sure.  I told you.  I fixed it."

"Oh."  Tris wondered why Kiyone hadn't "fixed it"...whatever "it" was.

"In fact, Tris," Mihoshi said.  "You can sit here--in Kiyone's seat."

"Huh?"  Tris could not believe what he was hearing from Mihoshi.  This 
was diametrically opposite from what Kiyone had very plainly told him.

"Oh, it's all right.  I fixed it, I told you."

"But what about the viewscreens and main screens and all that?"

"I fixed that."

"You sure?"

"Sure!  I know what I'm doing, Tris."

Well...that much was true.  Mihoshi had proven that.

"Kiyone won't like it," Tris pointed out.

"She doesn't have to know," Mihoshi countered.  "Besides, the 
viewscreens aren't a problem anymore and that's why Kiyone didn't 
want you here at the console.  Isn't that right?"

"Yeah.  That's what she said.  I still don't know, though, Mihoshi."

"Don't you want to sit next to me...and see how we run the ship?"  
Mihoshi regarded him with those wide blue eyes.  Clearly, she was 
becoming upset at Tris's intransigence.  She might think maybe Tris 
didn't trust her or like her all that much anymore.  Which was wrong, 
of course, but Tris knew the only way to prove it to her was to accede 
to her request--a request that could be considered an order, really.    

"Well...okay."  Tris left his spot, gingerly walked around the console 
and stopped at Kiyone's chair.  He looked down at his stuffed 
namesake.

"You think Trissy will mind?" he asked Mihoshi.

Mihoshi giggled.  It was so nice to have Tris around.  He made her 
laugh.

"No, silly..."  Mihoshi lifted Trissy from the chair and set the plush 
pooch down at her feet beneath the control console.  She reached over 
and patted Kiyone's seat.  "Come and sit down, Tris."  Her voice was 
friendly and inviting.

"Okay."

Tris sat down on the pilot seat.  It was comfortable and supportive, 
with some sort of gel-foam padding that instantly adapted to one's 
contours.  It was a seat designed to be sat on for many hours and yet 
not cause aches and pains in the sitter.  Smart ergonomic technology.  
Tris liked that.

Staring at the vast array of touchpads, digital readouts, narrow 
swipe paths (presumably for authenticated cards) and assorted small 
levers and buttons, along with the two large viewscreens, Tris felt 
instantly overwhelmed by the console.  The first time he had stared 
at Dad's instrument panel in the F-4E his father had flown at the time 
(Dad had graduated from that old warhorse to his F-15), the young 
American had felt overwhelmed, too.  But not nearly as overwhelmed as 
now.  There was a numbing amount of indicators, readouts, alerts, 
status bar graphs, and other vital bits of instrumental information 
about the starship's general operating condition, not to mention the 
separate navcom readout that reported the ship's position in the 
heavens.

Then Tris looked up and stared at the two panels positioned in front 
of the seemingly vast transparent bulkhead that was filled with 
blackness and stars, and at all the information that scrolled across 
those twin overhead screens (they rather reminded him of screens at a 
drive-in move at night).  To top it off, heads-up displays flickered 
information before his eyes from time to time.  For Kiyone and Mihoshi 
to have mastered all this bespoke the fact that they were indeed part 
of an elite group  

"It's a lot to keep track of, huh?"  Mihoshi seemed to read his 
thoughts.

"Sure is.  You two are amazing.  I'm not worthy to sit here...I'm 
really not."

"Tris, that's silly.  You could learn to pilot Yogami if you had the 
training."

"Hah!"  That was a laugh.

"Yes, you could," Mihoshi insisted.  "You put yourself down too much, 
Tris.  I like it that when you poke fun, you usually poke fun at 
yourself...you don't want to hurt people and I think that's so lovely.  
But I also think you take it too far sometimes.  You're one of the 
nicest boys I've ever met and you're real smart, too.  Sometimes you 
don't act so smart, but I think it's because you have a big heart and 
you have a brave heart, too.  Kiyone feels the very same way about 
you, you know."

Mihoshi said this softly, but with as much firmness as Tris had ever 
heard from her.  She clearly believed all that and believed it deeply.  
Tris felt slightly overwhelmed again, but for a different reason this 
time.

"Well, Mihoshi.  I...I don't know what to say."

"You don't have to say anything, Tris."  Mihoshi smiled.

"Actually, I do know what to say.  Thank you, very much."

"You're welcome...very much."  Mihoshi reached over and put her hand 
softly on Tris's arm.  She gave his arm the smallest of squeezes.

"And I'll tell you something else, Tris.  I...I really shouldn't.  
But I just have to."  Mihoshi blushed, but pressed on.  "If you and 
Kiyone weren't together--well, you'd have to fight me off!"

Tris smiled at the beautiful blonde young woman.  "No guy would ever 
fight you off, Mihoshi.  No guy who had any sense."

Mihoshi's beautiful blue eyes glistened.  Tris by now knew the signs.  
She would begin crying (from happiness) unless he could distract her.

"Say, how do you know when that viewscreen thing has an incoming 
call?" he asked.

"Oh...that indicator, there."  Mihoshi's short-nailed forefinger 
pointed at a wide yellow bar.  "It lights up and makes a buzzing 
sound."

"Yeah?  Well, I'm not going to get caught napping.  When it goes off, 
I'm going to zip out of sight...like this."

Tris relaxed his body completely.  He slipped out of the seat and 
headed to the footwell in the console below, where he could curl up 
below the vista of the viewscreen.  He was sure he would fit there 
easily.

"Tris!" Mihoshi cried.  "Don't!"

Too late.  Tris had misjudged the slope of the console beneath his 
seat, due to the amazing uniformity of the lighting on the bridge that 
threw few shadows and the equally uniform color of the lower console.  
It actually bulged out slightly before it concaved into the footwell.  
Tris's head met the hard metallic bulge with a ripe thump.

"Yeow!"

"Tris!"

Tris grabbed his head and groaned, lying on the bridge floor.  He had 
been right about one thing at least...he did fit in the footwell.

Mihoshi rose from her seat and bent over Kiyone's seat.  She helped 
Tris to his feet.  "Oh, Tris!  Are you hurt?"

"No more than usual--damn it!"  Tris rubbed the appreciable swelling 
on his head.  "Sorry, Mihoshi."

"That's all right."  Mihoshi had heard much worse cursing than that 
before, especially from Ryoko, although Kiyone could turn the air 
blue if sufficiently riled.  "Your poor head.  Does it hurt much?"

"Only when I look out of my eyeballs," Tris muttered.  He wondered if 
there was a Guinness world's record for bumping one's head.

Mihoshi's soft hands eased Tris back on Kiyone's chair.  "You know, 
when I used to bump myself, I remember my Mommy used to kiss it and 
make it better.  Did your Mommy do that, Tris?"

"Huh?  Oh, I suppose so."  Then Tris realized what Mihoshi had said.  
He ignored the throbbing pain.  "You lost your Mommy—-your mother—-
when you were pretty young, didn't you?"

"Uh-huh...pretty young.  I remember that she was very beautiful and 
sweet.  My Daddy and my brothers were terribly crushed.  I didn't 
understand what had happened...until later."  

"I'm sorry, Mihoshi.  That's a tough break for a kid."

Mihoshi smiled sadly.  "Uh-huh.  That's why I think I can understand 
how you feel, losing your parents like you did.  Just like I think I 
can understand how Tenchi feels sometimes when he's reminded of his 
Mommy."

"I'm sure you can, Mihoshi.  Sometimes they just kind of pop into your 
mind...and you can feel the loss all over again.  I guess it doesn't 
matter how many years pass."

"I think that's true, Tris."  Mihoshi nodded.  "Sometimes I don't 
think of my Mommy at all.  Sometimes, I think about her a lot.  You 
know?"

"I know, Mihoshi."

"That's one thing I really like you for, Tris.  I think you do know.  
Kiyone and Ayeka and even Sasami...I try to talk to them about it, 
and they act nice to me, but I feel they just think I'm being silly.  
And I don't dare talk to Tenchi about it.  You know why."

Yes, Tris knew why.  Her talking alone with Tenchi was certain to 
rouse the ire of Ryoko and Ayeka.  They still weren't certain about 
her in that regard.  Impulsively, Tris slipped his hand over Mihoshi's 
hand.  She had small, delicate hands for such a tall woman, he noted.  
He patted her hand.  "Well, they don't understand, I guess.  But you 
can talk to me about it, whenever you want."

"Can I, Tris?  Really?"

"Sure."

"I'm glad."  Mihoshi wanted to hug Tris--she had that powerful urge 
to hug again.  After all, a hug wouldn't hurt anything--

Suddenly there was the buzzing sound she knew so well.  The yellow bar 
on the console flashed.

"Yipes!"  Instinctively, unthinkingly, Tris slipped off the seat 
again.  His judgment of confined spaces had not improved.  There was 
another thump and another cursing groan.  Again, Tris was on the 
floor, grabbing at his head.  The same place, damn it!  Owwww!

"Tris!" Mihoshi cried, above the insistent buzzing from the console.

"I'm alive," he moaned, huddled into the foot well.

"But you hit your head again—-"

"I'll survive—-aren't those viewscreen things on yet?"

"No."

"Huh?  How come?"

"Oh," Mihoshi said brightly.  "I turned them off when you came in."

"Great..." Tris muttered.

"So you didn't need to—-"

"I get it.  Shouldn't you answer that thing?"

Mihoshi knew he was right.  She fingered some touchpads on the 
console.  The viewscreens blazed with light.  Then a face was staring 
at her from the viewscreens.  It was the face of Detective Sergeant 
Youri Katzaar.  It was neither a handsome face nor a friendly face.

"Detective First Class Kuramitsu," Sergeant Katzaar said with no 
trace of greeting or amiability in his voice.  "It took you exactly 
10.5 seconds to respond.  My indicators reveal that your viewscreens 
were turned off."

"Uh-huh, yes, Sergeant Katzaar," Mihoshi said.

"Are you not aware, Detective, that Section 111, Subparagraph 76 of 
the Instructions for Operating Galaxy Police Vessels states that the 
viewscreens are to be switched on at all times when the vessel is in 
operation and the bridge is manned?"

"Ummm...yes sir."  Mihoshi mentally shrugged.  That was one of about a 
thousand picayune instructions for operating a ship like the Yogami.  
Practically everyone ignored the real anal-retentive ones, like 
keeping the viewscreens always on.  Kiyone said she suspected some 
officers kept their viewscreen off because they didn't want to be 
caught picking their noses.  That was disgusting!  But probably true.

"Do you have a suitable explanation for ignoring this instruction?"

"No...no, sir."  Mihoshi didn't and she never lied.

"Very well.  I have no choice but to write you up for this lapse, 
Detective Kuramitsu."

"What?"  Mihoshi couldn't believe it.  Nobody got written up for such 
a tiny infraction as that!

"Are you going to add lack of courtesy to an officer superior in 
grade to the offense?" Sergeant Katzaar asked stonily.

"No...no, sir.  But, sir..."

"Yes, Detective?"

"It's such a little thing--and to get a write-up over it!  That's 
something that could affect my pay and future promotion...sir."  
Mihoshi tried to reason with Sergeant Katzaar.

"You should have thought of that, Detective, before you turned off 
your viewscreens," he said pontifically.  "I would think you'd be 
more careful, considering your record...and your partner's."  If any 
voice dripped contempt, Sergeant Katzaar's did.

Huddled beneath the console's right foot well, Tris forgot about his 
aching noggin and listened.  He would have liked to spend five minutes 
alone with that bastard, Katzaar.  It was obvious that Mihoshi was 
being penalized for something that otherwise would have gone 
unremarked.  It was a strong indicator of the lack of esteem in which 
Mihoshi--and Kiyone--were held.  Tris knew now this was not going to 
be a happy visit to Headquarters for either Kiyone or Mihoshi--and 
probably not for him, either.

"That's not fair...sir."  Mihoshi showed some spirit now.  She didn't 
like anyone showing disrespect for Kiyone.  "Please leave my partner 
out of this."

"She's equally responsible for what occurs on your ship and she gets 
written up, the same as you, Detective."

"Written up?  But she's not even here!"  In her consternation, Mihoshi 
had forgotten to add the vital word "sir."

"Again, you show a lack of courtesy, Detective Kuramitsu.  I must now 
officially warn you that you are on the verge of commiting 
insubordination."

Mihoshi's face paled.  Insubordination!  That was a court-martial 
offense!

"I...I..."  Mihoshi gulped.  "I apologize, sir."

"Very well.  But I shall have to write you up for lack of respect 
shown to an officer of superior rank.  Do you understand?"

"Yes...yes, sir."  Mihoshi sounded defeated.  She was.

Huddled underneath the console, Tris understood as well.  The gloves 
were off.  Any excuse—-any excuse—-Mihoshi and Kiyone's superiors 
(some of them, anyway) could latch on to worsen their already bad 
records would be used.  The two of them had the proverbial sword of 
Damocles dangling over their heads by a string...and there were lots 
of bastards out there with scissors.

"Now, as to the reason I contacted you," Sergeant Katzaar said 
officiously.  "I read again your reason for requesting PT.  I do not 
like such specious reasons."

"What...what do you mean, sir?"

"Your partner said you two needed to attend to private matters.  That 
is too broad.  I want specifics."

"But our PT was approved...sir."

"I can disapprove it--and will--unless I am given a satisfactory 
reason to grant it."

Mihoshi's face reddened with aggravation.  Sergeant Katzaar had 
already approved their PT!  But she also knew that the Sergeant could 
change his mind, too.  Mihoshi realized she had no choice but to 
cooperate.  It wss vital that they get to Headquarters.  She wished 
desperately that Kiyone were with her now.

"We...we need to see to our apartments and talk to our landlady, whom 
we rent our apartments from," Mihoshi said.  "Sir."

"Really?  And why is that so urgent?"

"We want to sublet our apartments, sir.  We haven't for a long while."  

"Detective, I don't see the urgency."

"We really need to sublet, sir.  We're...we're just about broke."  
Mihoshi's voice quavered.  

>From where he crouched, Tris could hear the tears in Mihoshi's voice.  
This was humiliating for her.  And didn't that sergeant know it, just!  
Just two minutes, he growled to himself.  Two minutes with that 
bastard...that was all he wanted.

"That is disgraceful!  You are charged as commissioned officers to 
keep your finances above reproach."  Katzaar's officious voice didn't 
hide his obvious satisfaction.  "Very well.  We cannot have you 
embarrassing the service with your deadbeat ways.  PT reaffirmed.  
Nevertheless, I shall have to bring the sorry state of your finances 
to Lieutenant Zay're's attention.  It may lead to further disciplinary 
action or at least remedial financial responsibility training--and if 
you start sobbing now, Detective--!"

"I won't...sir."  But it was clearly taking an extraordinary effort 
for Mihoshi to hold back the tears.  

"See that you don't.  You become emotional far too easily.  You have 
no proper constabulary bearing, Detective Kuramitsu.  I despair of 
you--and that's official.  Sergeant Katzaar out."

Mihoshi was silent.

Knowing the comm link had been broken, Tris scrambled to his feet.

Mihoshi sat there in her pilot's chair.  Tears streamed from her face.  
Her expression was ghastly.  Tris could guess why.  That little 
tête-à-tête with the sergeant could have been the end.  Poor Mihoshi!  
She already knew that many of her GP colleagues didn't like her and 
Kiyone anymore.  But she hadn't really understood until now just how 
deep in the doghouse she was with the people who had such control over 
her career.  It had to be crushing to her simple, sweet spirit, Tris 
knew.

There was only one thing to do.  Mihoshi was a person who needed to be 
liked and accepted.  Tris went to her and gently lifted her to her 
feet.  He smiled at her.

"You're the best, Mihoshi—-don't let anyone tell you different," he 
said.  "That jerk of a sergeant is off his rocker, and--"  

Mihoshi looked at him, teary-eyed.  Then she threw her arms around 
him and bawled...simply bawled.

"It's all right, Mihoshi," Tris said.  "Don't worry about that 
Sergeant Meathead.  He's an idiot.  He doesn't know you and he doesn't 
know Kiyone.  You two are going to crack a big case and help Ayeka and 
make him look sick." 

"Do you...think so?"  Mihoshi sniffled.

"I know so."

"Tris."  Mihoshi held him closer.  "I don't know...we might just fail.  
If we do..."

"You won't."

"She won't what?  What are you two doing?  Tris!"

It was Kiyone's voice.

Tris groaned.  What perfect timing!

Kiyone strode up to them.  "Tris!  What are you doing in front of the 
console!  I ordered you—-I told you--!" 

"It's my fault, Kiyone!" Mihoshi wailed.  "It's all my fault!"

"What the hell...!"  Kiyone stared at Mihoshi, who now regained some 
control of herself.  She released Tris.

"I did a bad thing, Kiyone--a couple bad things.  But I didn't know 
they'd be so mean!"

"Huh?"  Kiyone now looked at Tris.

"It's not good, Kiyone," Tris said.  "Not good at all."

"What's not good, damn it?"

Tris looked at Mihoshi.  The blonde Galaxy Police officer slumped 
back into her seat.  She stared at the console.  Then she told Kiyone 
everything.  She left nothing out.

Ashen faced, Kiyone now dropped on her own seat, stunned.

"Mihoshi...I could just kill you!" she rasped.  "I ought to.  Then I'd 
be free of you!"

Mihoshi began to weep again.

Tris wanted to remonstrate with Kiyone, but he knew he would only make 
matters worse.  "I'll go back to the rec room," he muttered.  "I'm 
sorry, Kiyone."

"It's not your fault," Kiyone said.  "I told you to obey this--this 
ditz!"

Tris scuttled away.

For a while Kiyone sat, listening to Mihoshi's soft sobbing.  She 
thought and thought.  She rested her face in her hands for a moment.  
Then she rubbed her temples.  Although she had taken a nice long nap, 
she felt very tired again.

Finally, she sighed.  Then she said, "Please stop crying, Mihoshi."

"You hate me!"

"No, I don't.  I couldn't hate my best friend."

Mihoshi stopped crying.  She stared at Kiyone.

"Your...best friend, Kiyone?"

"Yes.  You are, aren't you?"

"Oh, yes.  Yes, Kiyone!"

Kiyone turned and looked at her partner.  "I know you disobeyed me, 
but you had a reason.  Shutting off the viewscreens is no big deal.  
Lots of officers do it and no one says anything.  They're just out to 
get us, Mihoshi.  If you had committed some other tiny infraction, 
they would have written us up for that.  At least you did what you 
did because you were trying to be nice to Tris.  How could I hate you 
for that?"

"Oh, Kiyone!"

"Don't start crying again!"

"I won't."

"Good."  Kiyone set her jaw.  "The thing is...they've made me mad now.  
That rotten Katzaar!  He's just a lapdog for that persnickety poof 
Zay're.  And Zay're's engaged to Mitsuki.  It's all very clear."  
Kiyone's hands balled into fists.  "It's one thing to belittle us and 
laugh at us behind our backs--but to write us up on ridiculous tiny 
violations and scare you half to death in the bargain--that's it!  I 
won't take it from them!  We're going to nail that bastard Klove and 
then we're going to rub those staff pukes' noses in it.  They're 
going to be sorry they messed with me--and you."

"Yeah, Kiyone!" Mihoshi said spiritedly.  She wiped her eyes.  "They 
won't make me cry again.  I promise!"

"Okay, partner.  I'll hold you to that.  I'm depending on you, now."

"Yes, Kiyone."

Kiyone sat quietly for a moment.  Then she said, "As far as what I 
said to you before..."  She pointed to Trissy who still sat at 
Mihoshi's feet.  "Hand that mutt over."

Mystified, Mihoshi complied.  Kiyone petted Trissy several times.  
"That's my penance, Mihoshi.  Every time I say something mean to you, 
I'll pet Trissy.  All right?"

"Sure!  I want you to like Trissy!"

"Well..."  Kiyone made a show of examining Trissy.  "At least she's 
better looking than that lug, Katzaar."

Mihoshi laughed gaily.

"Seriously, I'm sorry I said those things, Mihoshi.  I don't know why 
I still can't control my temper.  I thought I had gotten it under 
control, too."

"I know why."  A voice spoke behind them.

Kiyone and Mihoshi turned their heads.  It was Tris's voice, but he 
wasn't on the bridge.  Yet, the doors were still open.  He had to be 
standing just outside the entrance.  It was obvious that he had been 
listening.

"Huh?" Kiyone said.

"It's all because," Tris's voice replied, "your Mama don't dance--and 
your Daddy don't rock and roll!"

They heard his laughter...then his footsteps as he walked away.

Mihoshi bent over laughing, nearly banging her head on the console.

Kiyone groaned, rolling her eyes to the ceiling.  Two ditzes...two 
ding-dongs...two...wasn't one enough!  Wasn't one too much, already?  
But she was stuck with both of them.

She stood up and handed Trissy back to Mihoshi.

"I'll be back, partner," Kiyone said.  "I just need to go tell Tris 
something."

"Aw, please don't hurt him, Kiyone."

"Hurt him?  Me?  Mihoshi...what a thing to say."

Kiyone chuckled.  She walked out of the bridge, still chucking.  Oh, 
yeah--she had something to say to Tris, all right!



All the while, the Yogami rocketed silently and efficiently through 
deep space.  The red starship was close, and getting closer, to 
Galaxy Police Headquarters.  Soon it would be there.  The three souls 
traveling in the Yogami could not have known it, but the cold 
reception they would receive at the Headquarters would be nothing 
compared to the bitter shock that also awaited them there.



____________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

(1)  The Japanese system of bathing rooms and toilet rooms is often 
quite surprising to us who are accustomed to having showers and 
bathtubs and toilets in one room.  The Japanese benjo, or toilet, is 
a porcelain trench upon which one must squat to relieve oneself.  It 
is located in a different room than the bathtub or shower stall.  
Kiyone and Mihoshi's low-rent apartment in Okayama City had a benjo 
only--they had to cleanse themselves in a nearby public bathhouse. 
The Koreans also use the word "benjo" to describe their system of open 
sewer ditches.  

(2)  Actually, Nobuyuki likely came across that idiom in the famous 
collection of Japanese idions, "Nihongo-Eigo No Kotowaza Jiten."  A 
good translation of it was recently published by Trey Roper.




