TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



PROLOGUE
No Need For Nightmares
______________________


When you dream, no one can hear you scream...even on the planet 
Jurai.

However, neither a scream nor a sound of any kind could be heard 
throughout the dimly lit, richly draped halls of the Juraian royal 
palace.  In the wee hours during the mid-year solstice, all the 
occupants of the palace, the members of the supremely powerful and 
influential Jurai royal family and their numerous servants, retainers, 
employees, unwanted distant relatives, and other hangers-on, should 
have been asleep.

Most were.  But two were not.

In the royal apartments, located in the heart of the soaring and 
massive palace, King Azusa and his Queen (actually, his second 
Queen), Misaki, were wide awake.  They had performed this vigil for 
several nights now, and the King, for one, was not happy about it. 

The rug covering the parquet floor was a exquisite, priceless 
heirloom, woven of the finest material, irreplaceable.  But the King 
mindlessly trod that carpet, back and forth, all but wearing a furrow 
through it.  The Queen looked at her lovely carpet ruefully, but she 
knew she could not stop the King from pacing the room.  She spoke:

"Perhaps it shall not happen tonight, dear."

"Perhaps."

"Perhaps it was just a phase...as that nice Doctor Pangloss said."

"That quack said that?  I have good reason to worry, then!"

Queen Misaki smiled knowingly, fondly, at his brusque words.  
"Husband, you really do not need a reason to worry...for you to 
worry."  She regarded the barrel-chested regent with the great power 
and the greater love for his people fondly.  "You carry the Galactic 
Union on your shoulders...and your family as well."

The King responded with a sound that could have been a chuckle.  "I 
don't know what's worse sometimes, Wife--the Union or the family!"  
He looked at his Queen and then actually smiled.  "I really didn't 
mean that--about the family, that is.  Of course, if your Uncle 
Takai could perhaps be persuaded to visit some other relatives..."

She gave him a look that stated definitely: Don't go there.

The King didn't go there.  His second wife was a lovely woman, mostly, 
except when riled, and she was most protective of her less useful 
family members.  When his normally sweet and obliging wife was on a 
tear, he had no wish to be within the vicinity.  Besides, the Queen 
was pregnant with their second child and she was definitely not one to 
rile during such a time.

Protective...that reminded him why he was pacing the night away.

"I'm just so worried about her.  It isn't natural."

"Everyone has bad dreams, Husband."

"Night after night?  Week after week?"

The Queen's face, usually serene and beautiful, suddenly reflected 
the strain she too had been laboring under all these weeks.  "Yes, it 
is troubling.  I worry about her, too."

"At least you admit it, Wife!  Those doctors, pooh-poohing our 
concerns.  "Indigestion"!  I'll give them indigestion!  As if that 
were the only cause for nightmares.  Oh, yes, there was also her 
"unsuitable reading material."  She isn't reading anything that I 
didn't read as a boy, aside from those silly romantic stories."

"She does not find them so silly, dear," the Queen replied with a 
tiny smile.

"Of course not.  She's just a child and hasn't grown up to find out 
what all that silly romance counts for in the real world."

"As you say, Husband."  The Queen grimaced suddenly.  "Ooof!"

The King turned to face her swiftly.  "Our second child?"

She smiled beatifically.  "Yes.  The child will kick...but ever so 
gently."

The King hesitated.  "I am sorry...that it pains you."  For just 
a moment, his voice seemed muted, his manner unsure.  Like most men, 
he seemed nonplused by the miracles--and the miseries—-of childbirth.

"Never mind, husband.  It is just what all that silly romance counts 
for in the real world."

King Azusa stared at his wife for a long moment.  Then he shook his 
head fondly.  Despite her appearance of uncomplicated domesticity, the 
Queen was the equal to him, and no mistake.  Then he asked, "Shouldn't 
you be sleeping, Wife?"

"Ohhh, I am not so fragile, Husband.  The doctors say I should remain 
active."

"Quacks!" the King snorted.  "Well, those quacks have had their day.  
One more instance of those nightmares and I'm taking action.  The 
Galaxy Police will listen to me this time and they will act--finally!"

The Queen viewed him with concern.  "Yes, Husband, you can use your 
influence to make them act.  Perhaps to even make them act quite 
precipitously.  But what if you are wrong?  Many young children of 
high birth attend the Lyceum, from planets all over the galaxy.  We 
have had no word of other...similar situations."

"There's no need to speak so delicately, Wife.  You mean, no other 
poor children have been afflicted--at least as far as we know!"

"Exactly.  It seems rather...bold...to blame a wonderful program 
designed to prepare children of distinction to assume their roles in 
society.  The Lyceum also serves to bring children from different 
worlds together, which is beneficial to the Galactic Union.  And the 
Professor is so highly regarded."

"So was Professor Washuu Hakubi, if you'll recall!"  King Asuza began 
pacing again.  "Those naps the child takes...every day at that place, 
she says...yet she never wants to take naps during the day when she's 
with us.  That means something."

"What, dear?"

"I don't know.  But something!"

"You are working yourself into a rage, Husband," the Queen warned.

"Yes?  Well I've had enough sleepless nights.  I think I've earned 
this rage."  It was more than loss of sleep than enraged him.  As 
King of the First Family of the Galactic Union, the fountainhead of 
the mysteries and fantastic powers that the heavens had reserved for 
the royal house of Jurai, he could fairly be called the most powerful 
man in the galaxy, perhaps even the universe.  Yet he felt powerless 
in this case--seemingly powerless to protect his own.  It galled him, 
immeasurably.

"It will not help her for you to lose your temper, dear," his wife 
told him quietly.

He stopped pacing.  Then, as so many people had recommended to him 
(including that quack, Pangloss) he took a long, deep breath.  It 
helped, perhaps, a little.  

"I know," he admitted.  "It's simply that--"

His words were cut off by a thin, ragged scream.

Again!  The King of Jurai scowled terribly.

It was not an ordinary scream.  It was a childish scream, a helpless 
scream--a scream that the King and Queen had heard too many times 
before.  To the Queen, it was desperate, heart-wrenching.  To the 
King, it was a scream that could only be wrenched from a child by a 
horror that walked by night, which could not be avoided, and could 
not be escaped.

For a big man, the King moved swiftly, striding out of his chambers 
and down the dim corridor.  The rich draperies adorning the walls 
fluttered at the swiftness of his pace.  Yet, as quickly as he moved, 
his wife was just a step or two behind him, regardless of her rather 
prominent pregnancy.  

The royal couple paused at a door.  Another scream erupted.  Cursing, 
the King wrenched open the door and bulled inside, his wife close 
behind.

Inside, the chamber was spacious and beautifully furnished, with the 
soft pastel colors and intricate lace and frippery that a young girl 
loved.  Its occupant lay on the curtained bed that dominated the 
chamber.  Her small face was pale and beaded with perspiration.  She 
shook and groaned, wearily, dreadfully.

Her two Guardians, Azaka and Kamidake, round wooden cylinders of 
profound loyalty and massive weaponry, hovered around the child's 
bed.  Their pilot lights flickered with agitation.

"Please, Princess...wake up!  Please wake up!" Azaka said.

"The Princess suffers!  We can do nothing!  It is not fair!" 
Kamidake added.

King Azusa knew how they felt.  However, unlike them, he had hands 
and arms to first shake a child back to wakefulness and then to try 
to comfort her as she sobbed.  Finally, he turned the now gently 
weeping little girl over to her mother.

He stood.  "I'm calling the Galaxy Police now.  They will take that 
cursed Lyceum apart, stone by stone, and yes, that blasted Professor 
too, or they'll think the heavens have fallen upon them!  I'll go to 
the Grand Marshall, if I have to.  I'll go to the High Commissioner!  
Or I'll send in the Royal Yeomen!  I'll get action!"

With that pronouncement, the King strode out.  He did have enough 
presence of mind in his rage not to slam the bedroom door behind him.

Watching him depart, Queen Misaki held her weeping young daughter, 
who pressed against her mother, snuggling against her mother's soft 
form and against the softer bulge in that form that would eventually 
become her little sister.  The Queen stroked the child's deep purple 
hair.

"Don't cry," she murmured.  "Don't cry, Ayeka."



