TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER FOUR
No Need For A Wake-Up Call
__________________________


The next morning, Tenchi and Tris work up to a very quiet house.  
That was not unusual.  But, after showering and shaving (and, for 
Tris, jogging painfully partially up the temple's stone steps), the 
house was still quiet.  That was unusual.

Tenchi and Tris actually switched on the TV in the living room while 
waiting for Sasami to arise and breakfast to be cooked.  Tris noticed 
that the set was tuned into an American satellite channel that showed 
nothing but cartoons.

"Who watches this?" Tris asked.

"Oh, Sasami and Mihoshi like to watch that anime about the schoolgirl 
who becomes a magical warrior and fights monster tennis rackets and 
things.  I forget the name."

"Why don't they watch the home-grown version locally?  It's not 
censored."

"They like the American commercials," Tenchi explained.

Tris shook his head wonderingly.  Well, it proved that the super 
satellite system of Washuu's actually worked, at least.  Hmmmm...it 
gave him an idea.  He had to pay a visit to their dorm room back at 
the University soon anyway to pick up more clothes since he had only 
brought enough for a three-day stay.  Maybe that package had arrived. 

On the screen, Tom and Jerry were busily disemboweling each other in 
gorgeous Technicolor.  Forget that!  Tris shut the set off.  He shook 
his head.  And American parents complained about violent anime!

"Tenchi...Tristram."

Lord Yosho stood in the hallway.

"Yes, Grandfather?" Tenchi asked.

"I will prepare breakfast for us three this morning.  I just prepared 
something for your father before he left for the office."

"Why, sir?  What's up?" Tris chimed in.

Tenchi's grandfather smiled slightly.  "The young women were up, 
Tristram.  Up last night that is, until quite late."

Tenchi and Tris looked at each other.

"Thought I heard voices but I wasn't sure," Tenchi said.

Tris shrugged.  He'd slept like a log.  As always.

"Yes, Tenchi...voices," Yosho said.  "There was an extended discussion 
in the women's bedroom.  It became a bit acrimonious, I fear.  It 
lasted until around four a.m."

"Four in the morning!" Tenchi exclaimed.  "What was it about, 
Grandfather?"

"I do not know," Yosho said severely.  "It is certainly none of our 
business, Tenchi.  Suffice to know that the women, including Sasami, 
are quite exhausted and will need to slumber well into the morning 
and perhaps early afternoon."

Again Tenchi and Tris looked at each other.  Instantly, guilt 
bloomed on their faces, although they really had no idea what had 
happened.

Yosho almost chuckled as he observed them.  Then he said, "Tristram, 
since you're planning to return to the University to bring back more 
clothing and necessities, this would be an excellent time to do so.  
Tenchi could accompany you, if he wishes."

Tris goggled at Lord Yosho a moment.  Darn it, how did Lord Yosho 
know this stuff?  He had only briefly mentioned it to Tenchi this 
morning.

"Fine with me, Grandfather, " Tenchi said.  "Tris?"

"Sure.  That's fine with me, too," Tris replied.

"Very well.  Now I'll prepare a simple breakfast," Yosho said, rubbing 
his hands with a solemn enthusiasm as he strode to the kitchen.  
"Nothing elaborate, of course.  I'm not Sasami."



Hours later, female forms finally stirred in the women's bedroom.

Slowly, painfully, the women and little Sasami struggled up out of 
their futons.  Sasami, with her inbred sense of responsibility, was 
the first to look at the wall clock above the doorframe.

"Twelve o'clock!" she wailed wearily.  "I missed preparing breakfast!  
It's already lunch time!"

"That's okay, Junior Princess," Ryoko said, slumping back onto her 
futon.  "I'm too tired to eat it, anyway."

"Ryoko!" Ayeka scolded tiredly.  "That nickname..."

"I'm too tired to listen to you, too," Ryoko mumbled.

"I'm not too tired to eat, Sasami," announced Mihoshi.

Sasami started to rise from your futon.  "I'll fix you something to 
eat, Mihoshi.  It's lunch time, after all...gosh, I'm tired."

"You stay right there, dear," Ayeka told her, sounding tired and 
cross.  "Mihoshi!  There are other things besides your stomach."

"Yes, Mihoshi," Kiyone said, her voice drugged with weariness.

Mihoshi blinked drowsily.  She stroked Trissy's plush hair.  It made 
her feel better.  But she was still hungry.

A gentle knock sounded from the closed door.

"Yeah?" Ryoko rapped out.

"It is I."  Lord Yosho's voice issued from behind the door.

"Oh, Lord Yosho.  Please do come in," Ayeka said, favoring Ryoko with 
a significant stare.  Ryoko shrugged.

The door slid open.  Lord Yosho stood in the doorway.

"Ladies," he said, "there is hot tea and a plate of rice cakes on the 
dining room table.  I have also warmed some of the excellent beans 
and rice left over from last night."

"Yay," said Mihoshi, somewhat tiredly.

"Lord Yosho, you doll!" Ryoko told him warmly.  "I could kiss you.  I 
could marry you, even."

"That is not necessary, Ryoko," Yosho said with good humor.  "Don't 
let the food get cold."  He smiled at them and gently closed the 
door.

"I feel kind of guilty," Sasami said.  "Lord Yosho...having to cook!"

"Do not feel guilty, dear," Ayeka said.  "None of this is your 
fault."

Now she turned to Ryoko.  "You just had to say "kiss," didn't you, 
Ryoko?"

Ryoko grinned through her fatigue.  "It just slipped out...say, what 
a honey lamb that Lord Yosho is!  I really could kiss him!"

"That would just make his day, I am certain," Ayeka said dryly.

"It would make any man's day, Princess."

"Hey," Sasami intervened.  "Like Lord Yosho said, we shouldn't let 
the food—-and tea-—get cold."

"Right you are, Sasami," Kiyone said.  She slowly stood up.  The 
other women just as slowly followed her example.  Kiyone was certain 
she felt something creaking as she stretched.  She trudged to her 
wardrobe to put on her bathrobe and bath slippers.  She would eat 
first and then soak in the Grand Baths for about a year.

Then she saw Mihoshi actually kiss that stuffed animal before she put 
it down and finished tying the belt of her robe.

"Mihoshi...don't kiss that thing.  Germs!"

Mihoshi started guiltily.  "Yes, Kiyone."

But she stared fondly at Trissy.  Then she turned and followed the 
other women as they all headed downstairs to the dining room.



Tenchi's and Tris's dorm room seemed strange, although they had only 
vacated it for a little more than a week.  The whole dormitory was 
weirdly quiet, aside from the sounds of the maid service employees 
performing their cleaning chores.  Everybody, of course, was away for 
Spring Break.

Tris was packing a few more unmentionables into a zipper bag.  Beside 
the bag was a parcel from the US, plastered with Japanese customs 
stamps.  It was, in fact, a "care" package from a good buddy of his 
at his former University in the States.  Tris had been gratified to 
find the package in the little campus post office, which was open, of 
course, even through the break in classes.  He had shaken the package 
on the way to the dorm and it had rattled.  Good.

Tenchi sat at the small desk on his side of the dorm room.  The room 
was the usual glorified closet, with barely space for two rather 
uncomfortable single beds, two desks with chairs, shelving attached to 
the walls, and two wardrobe closets.  If anyone had wanted to, say, 
walk more than five paces without barking their shins on something, 
they would have been out of luck.  Somehow Tris had managed to 
shoehorn in a small multi-system TV monitor and VCR combination.  
Both his and Tenchi's laptop computers were stored away in the secure 
storage facility the University maintained.  But Tris figured no one 
would steal the TV-VCR, since it was so beat-up looking.  It worked 
fine, though.  He had run many a great old classic movie video through 
it for his and Tenchi's entertainment.  He was toying with the idea of 
purchasing a mini-DVD player.

Tenchi was reading a printed semester calendar that he had found in 
his campus mailbox.  It announced the upcoming events for the new 
term.

"They're having some guest lectures...some more of those classical 
music sessions...some heritage festivals...a whole lot of nothing, 
really," Tenchi remarked.

"Just like last semester," Tris noted.  He zipped up the bag.  "I've 
got the loot.  Let's scoot."

"Yeah, let's.  This place is dead enough with people in it!  It's 
like a cemetery now."



"Jeeze Louise...where is everyone?"

Washuu had made one of her rare public appearances, to find no public 
to appear before...except Lord Yosho.  They were standing in the 
living room, which Yosho had entered from the outdoors to make a 
telephone call.  He had just hung up the receiver when Washuu popped 
in.

"Tenchi and Tristram are paying a visit to their college dormitory to 
acquire some items Tristram will need for his extended stay with us," 
Lord Yosho explained.

"And the girls?"

"Ahhh...they had rather a long night of it."

"A party?"

"Not exactly."

"Aha!  A fight!"  Washuu grinned.

Lord Yosho said nothing.

"I suppose it's too much to ask what the fight was about?"

"I really don't know," Yosho told her.  "I did not inquire."

"I'll bet that Tris character was involved, somehow.  Ayeka and Ryoko 
came to me to complain about him--oops, I wasn't supposed to mention 
that."  Washuu, at least, did not mention their desire to have her 
ship off Tris.

Lord Yosho only smiled.

"How long did the girls stay up?"

"Until almost dawn," said Yosho.

"Yikes!  No wonder they're dragging," Washuu said, not without 
sympathy.

"Yes."  Yosho turned to leave.  "If any group of young ladies needs 
a night of nourishing sleep, it is they.  I will be at the temple."  
He stopped and then turned around again.  "Is there something I can 
do for you, Professor Washuu?  Perhaps prepare you something to eat?"

"No, but thanks, Grandpa.  I'll just raid the fridge.  Where are the 
girls now?"

"I believe they are relaxing in that marvelous bathing facility you 
devised for them."

"Shucks, t'weren't nothin'," Washuu said modestly.  Her puppets did 
not appear this time to contradict her modesty, for which Lord Yosho 
was suitably grateful.



"The thing is," Ryoko said glumly, as she and the other women stood 
in the steamy antechamber to the Grand Baths, divesting themselves of 
robes, "it was stupid to argue like that.  I was being as stupid as 
anyone.  I admit it."

"I think we were all being stupid, except Kiyone and Sasami," Ayeka 
added.

"What about me?" asked Mihoshi.

"You too, Mihoshi."  Ayeka smiled.  "I apologize for excluding you."

"That kinda narrows down the field, doesn't it?" Ryoko asked the 
Princess.  "That just leaves me and you being stupid."

"Yes it does," Ayeka replied coolly.  

"Well...maybe you're right, Princess.  The worst part of it is that 
after all that we didn't settle anything," Ryoko noted.

"Oh yes, we did," Kiyone said firmly.  "We established that we're 
never going to argue like that--ever again.  If we ever do, I'm out 
of here and so is Mihoshi.  We'll camp out in Yogami if we have to."

"Kiyone!"  Mihoshi, shocked, missed the hook for her robe.  Her robe 
crumpled to the floor.  Her face crumpled also.  Her partner's 
ultimatum shook her badly.

"I do not blame you, Kiyone, for how you feel," Ayeka said, her voice 
troubled.  "None of us want you or Mihoshi to leave.  Please believe 
that."

"I don't blame you either, I guess.  But please don't leave us," 
Sasami said plaintively.

Tears streamed down Mihoshi's face.  But she kept quiet.

Kiyone looked at Ryoko.

"Yeah...I don't want you two to leave, either," Ryoko admitted.  "And 
you're right, Kiyone--never again!  That kind of arguing is just no 
fun.  Besides, we've been through too much together to break up now."

Kiyone nodded.  "All right.  Agreed.  Now, stop crying, Mihoshi.  
There's already plenty of water around here!"

Mihoshi smiled happily through her tears.

They entered the baths.



Lord Yosho slowly walked back towards the temple following his talk 
with Washuu and after having checked on the five weary females again.  
His hands were clasped behind him.  His head was sunk in thought.

That aura around Tristram.  Again, it seemed significant.  The young 
American was meant to be here to perform some necessary task...and it 
wasn't trimming grass.  Yosho allowed himself a slight smile at his 
own witticism.  Tristram, as Tenchi's friend, was welcome at any rate, 
of course.  But that aura told Yosho that Tristram must stay.  Yosho 
smiled again, recalling the spectacle just that morning of the young 
American stumbling down the temple steps, winded.  His dash up the 
steps had yielded no further progress than the day before.  Tristram 
was rather out of condition, not to mention clumsy and just a tad 
slothful, Yosho had divined.  An unusual vessel for whatever 
significant—-and possibly dangerous--task lay ahead.  But Lord Yosho, 
Juraian prince of the blood, had encountered more unusual vessels--
that bounty hunter, Nagi, for instance.  

His smiled faded as he now also recalled that he had felt that 
intruder--the Presence--last night.  He had felt it a number of 
times before, always late at night.  It was not something he could 
really pinpoint.  It was wispy, ephemeral.  But it was something 
invading the Masaki homestead.  And it was not friendly.  Yosho knew 
that absolutely.

One could not grasp smoke.  One could only remain alert and try to 
discern the fire beneath.

Yosho raised his head.  He heard the low roar of Tristram's rather 
overpowered, but beautiful old automobile.  He turned and watched it 
pull up at the gate, quite close to him.  As he regarded his 
nineteen-year-old grandson sitting in the front passenger bucket seat 
(the convertible top was down), he felt proud.  Tenchi was everything 
he could have hoped for in a grandson and more.  Best of all, Tenchi 
was no mere well-trained and indoctrinated hothouse orchid.  He was a 
young man of strong traditional beliefs, yet with a worldly outlook 
and diverse interests, as his friendship with Tristram proved.  One 
had to be somewhat a man of the world to best protect it.

"Hi, Grandfather!" Tenchi called.  

"Hello, sir," Tris called also.

Yosho smiled by way of greeting.  He walked up to the two young men 
as they exited the car.

"You made very good time," he observed.

"Yes, Grandfather," Tenchi said.  "The University is really dead.  No 
need to hang around there."

"Traffic was okay too, sir," Tris added.

"Not dashboard-to-dashboard?" Yosho asked, smiling again.

Tenchi and Tris laughed.

"Well, since it's only early afternoon, perhaps you two can still 
attend to your chores."

Both Tenchi's and Tris's faces fell.

"Yes, Grandfather."

"Yes, sir."

They both walked around the car to the trunk to unload Tris's 
belongings. Neither of them seemed quite so chipper now.

Lord Yosho nodded at them amiably and continued on to the temple.



Meanwhile, the women weren't exactly chipper, either, but they felt 
considerably better.  Soaking in the heavenly hot baths had helped 
tremendously.  

With Lord Yosho's simple but nourishing repast in their stomachs and 
hot water massaging their bodies—-and the truce they had agreed on 
settling their minds--Ryoko, Ayeka, Kiyone, Mihoshi and little Sasami 
were quite comfy and content.  They had not talked very much during 
the hot soak.  A few comments like, "Move your big foot, Mihoshi," 
and "Don't hog all the towels, Princess," had sufficed.

As a group, they slowly left the Grand Baths and returned to their 
communal bedroom.  As a group, they dressed slowly, still somewhat 
sleepy and warm from the hot water.  One individual wanted to bring 
her stuffed doggie with her, but was dissuaded by the others.  As a 
group, they sat down to more hot tea prepared by a revived little 
Sasami.  And as a group, they wandered outdoors...even Sasami.

"Look," said Ryoko, as they all sauntered onto the lawn.  "Hah!  The 
woodsmen tame the wilderness!"

She indicated Tenchi and Tristram.  The two young men were a distance 
off, one raking up cut grass, the other making more cut grass with 
his garden shears.  The two were working closely together, feeding 
off each other's slight feeling of injustice at having to work on the 
grounds after their flying trip to the University and back.

"Ah, the sweeties...working hard all day," Mihoshi said fondly.

"Hardly working all day, you mean," Kiyone corrected her.  "Going on 
that nice leisurely drive to that University of theirs."  Lord Yosho 
had told them of Tris's and Tenchi's road trip.  "Probably took their 
sweet time about it and had a beer on the way home.  Nice work, if 
you can get it."

Kiyone's mood really wasn't sardonic.  Her ironic words were just her 
defensive mechanism, automatically activated, rather like that of the 
two wooden Guardians who sat, ready to defend their Princess, just 
outside the gate.  That mechanism, which had served Kiyone so well in 
the past, had been triggered by how very nice it was to see Tris.

It was hopeless, though, she realized.  Being brittle and tough wasn't 
going to cut it this time.  The fact was, she didn't feel brittle and 
tough inside.  A strange, soft warmth welled in her.  Instinctively, 
she tried to squelch it.  But it refused to be squelched.  Aw...who 
was she kidding?  She felt the way she felt and that was that.  She 
was getting stuck on a goofy Earth boy.  Damn it!  Her career was in 
ruins, she was broke, and she had kissed Tenchi's college roommate.  
Her life was in the toilet!  

And yet...that funny glow inside persisted.  Aw, hell.

"I've never had a beer," Mihoshi, walking beside her, reflected.  "I 
should have asked Tris for one when we were at the nice restaurant."  
She smiled.  "Something to look forward to next time!"

"What next time?" Kiyone asked, her tone a bit dangerous.

"Keep it cool, girl," Ryoko said.  "Even I want some peace and quiet 
for a while."

"You, Ryoko?  I am astonished...but grateful," Ayeka murmured.

"Hey, the boys see us," said Sasami.



"There are the girls," Tenchi said.  "Hey, they're coming toward us."

"Yeah," Tris said.  "Wonder what we've done now?"  Multiple blades of 
defenseless grass fell before his furious scissoring onslaught.

"I don't know."  Tenchi stopped raking.  "But they don't look happy, 
Tris.  Look."

Tris looked up.  Tenchi was right.  None of the females were smiling.

The reason was, simply, that they were still feeling somewhat woozy.  
Actually they were at peace with the world and (for the moment) with 
each other.  Their attitudes toward the two young men were composed 
of varying degrees of fondness, ranging from he's-not-so-bad-I-guess 
to I-love-him-more-than-life.  But such tender sentiments were not 
reflected on their slack, somewhat droopy visages, which, from a 
distance, appeared rather truculent. 

Tenchi and Tris mistook their mood entirely.  Both were still feeling 
vaguely guilty about the verbal donnybrook the women had reportedly 
engaged in the previous night, again without knowing the details.  
Besides, as Tenchi said, the group of females looked unhappy, which 
was enough to worry the two young men.  When females are unhappy, 
males feel apprehensive.  This is as it should be.  Nature takes no 
chances with propagating the species.

"They look like a whole troop of unhappy campers," Tris opined.

"And they're coming toward us."  Tenchi noted.



Indeed they were, but with the friendliest intentions possible.

"Look at those sweet boys," Sasami said warmly.

"The little dears," Ayeka said.  The glow of the hot bath still 
suffused her soul.

"Tenchi...what a man!" Ryoko said, getting down to brass tacks.

"That big stiff," Kiyone said with tenderness.  She wasn't referring 
to Tenchi, of course.

"Why are they staring at us like that?" Mihoshi asked.  "They look 
funny."

It was true.  Now that they were closer, the women and Sasami could 
see the expressions of consternation on Tenchi and Tris.

"They look like we're going to bite them or something," Ryoko said, 
uncomprehendingly.

"Look like scared rabbits," Kiyone agreed.

"Or scared puppy dogs," Mihoshi contributed, thinking of Trissy.

"I just don't get it," Sasami said, sounding concerned.  "Aren't they 
glad to see us?"  

Suddenly Ayeka laughed.  She got it.

"Why...those two!  They think we are angry with them.  I quite 
understand.  They do not know why we—-talked--so late last night."

"You mean, fought like banshees last night," Ryoko amended.

"I do not!  At any rate, I daresay they think we are upset with them 
and I imagine they feel guilty as well."  Ayeka laughed again at the 
silliness of the two young men.



"That Ayeka is chuckling now," Tris commented to Tenchi.  "Man, I've 
never heard such an evil chuckle...not since that wicked old witch 
tried to take Toto to the pound before the tornado hit."

Tenchi nodded.  He remembered the movie.  "Looks like a tornado is 
going to hit us too."

"Yeah, and not a fruit cellar in sight."



"But they're wrong, the poor boys," Sasami reasoned, as she and the 
women continued to approach the men.  "We should smile and wave.  Let 
them know we're not upset with them."

"No, Sasami," Ayeka said.  "That is what we should not do."

"But...why not, big sister?"

"Oh, dear, you have so much to learn about men," Ayeka told her.

Ryoko raised an eyebrow.  She could have slipped a real hot one in 
there, but she wanted to hear what the Princess had in mind.

"You see, Sasami, when men feel guilty or apprehensive, that is the 
time to get something from them," Ayeka explained.

Ryoko was glad she had restrained herself.  She regarded Ayeka with 
uncommon respect.  "I like your thinking, Princess!"

"Not a bad notion at that."  Kiyone smiled.

"You mean...fool them?" Sasami asked.

"No, dear," her big sister replied.  "If those two are silly enough 
to think we are angry with them, whom are we to disabuse them?"

"Right," said Ryoko.  "Instead, we'll just abuse them!"  She laughed.  
This was just too perfect!



"See...now that Ryoko is cackling," Tris observed.  "It's going to be 
a real cruncher.  Been nice knowing you, Tenchi."

"Same here."



"But, big sister...is this a right thing to do?"  Sasami asked 
dubiously.

"Of course, dear!  You will understand when you are older."

"I doubt it," Sasami murmured.

"But what are we going to get from them?" Mihoshi asked.  

Walking slowly with the others, Kiyone wiped her forehead as beads of 
sweat formed there.  Her red headband was soaked.  Her skin was still 
toasty from the hot baths.  It was so darned warm for spring.  Then, 
suddenly, she chuckled.

"I know!" she said.  "Those two can just go down to the village to 
that confectionery shop I saw--and get us ice cream!  Lots of ice 
cream!"

"Yay!" cried Mihoshi.

"I like the way you think too, Kiyone."  Ryoko smiled at her.

Kiyone smiled back at Ryoko.  "Thanks!"

"I guess I would like some ice cream," Sasami admitted, seemingly 
mollified.

"It is a wonderful idea, Kiyone.  Just the thing after those hot baths 
and this warm weather."  Ayeka sounded pleased.  "Very well, then.  
The boys shall buy us ice cream.  I am certain that Lord Yosho and Mr. 
Masaki would like some, also," she added primly.  "And Miss Washuu--
let us not forget her."

"Of course, Princess.  Wveryone likes ice cream," Ryoko agreed.

"I love it!"  Mihoshi was excited.  "What flavor should we ask for?  
Chocolate, vanilla, peach, strawberry...?"

"Yes," said Kiyone.

"Yay!"

The group of females advanced on the two young men.



"Don't fire," Tris advised Tenchi sternly, "until you see the whites 
of their eyes."   

"Listen, Tris," Tenchi warned.  "Whatever they say--just agree!  No 
back talk, no wisecracks.  Okay?"

"Okay," Tris agreed soberly.  "You're right.  They have us outgunned, 
outnumbered, and outclassed, anyway."

And so what else was new? Tenchi thought.



"Hey, Kiyone...before we get within hearing distance..." Ryoko began.

"Yeah?"

"It's none of my business, I admit, but..."

"But what?" Kiyone asked.

"Com'on.  'Fess up, will you, girl?  Is that goofball your boyfriend 
or not?"

The others stopped.  They all seemed to tense.  Ayeka opened her mouth 
to chastise Ryoko, then closed it.  She was ashamed about it, but she 
wanted to know, too.

Kiyone walked a few more steps.  Then she also stopped.

"Yes," she said.  "Whether that goofball likes it or not!"

She walked on.

The others stared after Kiyone, their faces registering various 
degrees of shock.  Then they silently followed her.  It was evident 
that none of them had really expected her to answer that question--
much less to answer it the way she did.

"Come on, Mihoshi," Sasami said, noticing that the blonde Galaxy 
Police officer still had not moved.  "Ice cream!"

"Okay..."

Mihoshi started walking again.  But she didn't seem as enthusiastic 
for the cold creamy stuff as she had been.



Twenty minutes later, Tenchi was sitting in Tris's car and clutching 
a huge bag (triple wrapped at his insistence) of assorted containers 
of ice cream.  Many flavors were represented in that bag.  Tenchi had 
insisted on that, too, when he had gone into the confectionery store.

Tris was driving the Mustang, on a bearing back to the Masaki 
homestead.  

"This bag feels pretty well insulated," Tenchi said.  "Hope the ice 
cream doesn't melt before we get home."

"Yeah.  As long as we get it in your freezer right away, it should be 
okay."  Tris shifted into fourth, a nice cruising gear.  "Say, Tenchi, 
I don't get it.  After all that build-up...and all those girls wanted 
was ice cream?"

"I know.  It's a surprise to me, too."  Tenchi placed the bag in the 
car's carpeted floor well.  He didn't want his body heat to warm the 
ice cream.

"I'll tell you this, though," he added meaningfully.  "I think we got 
off lucky!"



After another delicious dinner, thanks again to Sasami, the ice cream 
party commenced.

For once, everyone in the Masaki household joined in, even Nobuyuki.  
Tenchi made certain his father, arriving just after dinner, got a 
bowl of ice cream and even pulled him to the table to be with 
everyone.  Washuu was there, too—-no one had to be drag her out of 
her lab this time.  She showed up on her own accord, wanting to take 
a peek at the girls after what she'd heard about the night before.  
She stayed for two bowls of chocolate ice cream.  The great scientist 
thought ice cream was one thing Earthlings did right.

In fact, Washuu was feeling pretty positive about the whole clan.  
Okay, so they fought furiously sometimes when she wanted peace and 
quiet, and demanded things from her, and invaded her laboratory when 
she was in the middle of an experiment, and sometimes called her an 
old maid...well, maybe she didn't feel so positive after all...

She spooned up another chunk of ice cream.  Aw...she did like them.  
Especially the girls.  Sometimes she felt darned motherly toward 
them.  Of course, she didn't look anywhere near old enough to be 
anyone's mother.  She swallowed ice cream and grew thoughtful.  She 
really didn't do much to help out around the place, she admitted to 
herself.  Too busy with pushing the scientific envelope.  Perhaps it 
was time to give something back.

"Hi, Washuu," Tris said to her.  He was carrying a bowl of ice cream 
in for Mihoshi, who was stuffing herself on peach-and-chocolate 
combined (one scoop of each in a bowl).

"Hi yourself, you troublemaker," Washuu said amiably.

"Me?" Tris asked.  He put the bowl down in front of Mihoshi.  She 
smiled at him and attacked the bowl with gusto.  He sat down beside 
Washuu.

"Aren't you having any?" Washuu asked.

"Had some.  I'm a troublemaker?"

"Sure, cutie.  I heard about the girls' fight last night.  You 
provoked it, no doubt."

"I did?"

"You didn't mean to.  But you did, I'll bet."

Mihoshi heard their conversation.  She ate ice cream and looked at 
Tris and Washuu.  She wanted to stick up for Tris, but Washuu was 
right, as it happened.  Gosh, this ice cream was yummy...

Tris was framing a reply to Washuu when Kiyone came into the dining 
room with her bowl full of vanilla (Tris would never has guessed 
vanilla for Kiyone).  She sat down of the other side of him.  She sat 
so close to him that her hip pressed warmly against his.  She smiled 
sweetly at him.

Funny, but Kiyone seemed very openly pleased with him suddenly.  He 
wasn't complaining, but...it sure wasn't what he expected from her.  
Maybe Kiyone really, really liked ice cream.

Now he turned his attention back to the great scientist.  "I'm sorry 
to be such a disruptive element, Washuu.  I'll try to clean up my 
act."

"Please don't!" Washuu told him.  "Things haven't been so fun around 
here in ages.  I'm enjoying it.  Hey, this ice cream is good."

"Tenchi and Tris went and got it," Kiyone said.  She smiled at Tris 
again.

"See?  You're aces with me. Tris.  Keep things hopping around here.  
Nothing's worse than monotony."  Washuu ate the rest of her ice cream 
with evident enjoyment and asked for a second bowl of the same.  Tris 
obliged her.

Well, what do you know, he thought, scooping ice cream in the kitchen.  
The Washuu seal of approval.



This time around, everyone was in bed and fast asleep long before 
midnight...except Washuu.

She sat in her sub-dimensional laboratory.  The great scientist was 
busily inputting data into the translucent console that she never 
(almost never) went without.  

That console was vital to Washuu.  It allowed her to tap into her 
super computers and the mighty intra-galactic servers that pulled in 
information and data from all points of the galaxy.  The Royal 
Science Academy might have booted her out (again!) but Washuu had 
access to all its data through that console.  Besides, there was a 
great video game in the hard drive.

But the great scientist was not busily zapping cyber critters for 
relaxation.  She had decided to help her family after all...some of 
them, anyway.  She would ensure the women not only would have the 
peaceful night's sleep Lord Yosho had mentioned they needed after 
last night's marathon mouth session, but also enjoy the ultimate 
great night's sleep.  She decided to include Tenchi and Tris, too--
why not?  After all, they bought that ice cream.

Washuu smiled with satisfaction as her nimble fingers flew over the 
console.  This was a stupendous achievement, a true leap forward in 
sleep therapy.  And it was so beautifully simple.  At least, it was 
to Washuu.

She would insure that the sleeping gals and guys would dream...they 
would dream good dreams...great dreams!  

Dreams are caused by REM (rapid eye movement) sleep.  That occurs when 
the eyes are closed, but actively moving, as if looking at objects.  
REM supplies the cornea with oxygen and produces the vivid dreams 
people remember the following day.  Delta sleep is the deep sleep 
following dream sleep that allows the body to rest and recuperate from 
the day's activity.  Certainly, the girls needed lots of Delta sleep, 
Washuu knew, but it would be even more enjoyable for them if they had 
a smidgen of enjoyable REM dreaming.  So far, so abecedarian.

Washuu had discovered in an arcane text written by some researcher at
the Royal Science Academy long ago that the nature of REM dream-sleep 
was determined by the patterns of brain waves.  For the sake of her 
dedicated (some might term it obsessive) collection of all data that 
might even be remotely useful someday, Washuu had recorded the 
sleeping brain wave patterns of everyone in the Masaki clan.  A 
scanner of her own brilliant design that sought out and recorded 
brain waves within a pre-determined radius (in this case, the Masaki 
home) had accomplished this.  It was simply a matter of powering on 
the device in the general vicinity of the sleeping subject and 
collecting the scan. 

Washuu had just added the sleeping brain wave pattern of that Tris 
character the other night to her collection.  (His sleeping brain wave 
patterns were pretty dodgy—-Washuu could just imagine what naughty 
things that guy dreamed about!)  Anyway, that researcher had amply 
demonstrated that when the brain-wave patterns were erratic, bad 
dreams resulted (like Ayeka's brain wave pattern chart showed, poor 
Princess--she definitely needed a few nice dreams).  The trick was 
to try to modulate the sleeping brain wave patterns during REM sleep 
to insure that those pattern was all nice and regular--result: Sweet 
dreams.  That researcher hadn't indicated if he had found a way to do 
that.  No matter.  Washuu had.

Just recently, Washuu had been able to re-program her brain wave 
scanner to not only seek out and collect sleeping brain waves, but 
also to actually redirect them—-transmit them--to her console.  There 
the brain waves would come under the ministrations of a software 
program (another Washuu invention) that would modulate them--that is, 
render them nice and even and regular.  Then the buffered brain waves 
would be beamed back to their owners.  Presto!  The sleeping subjects 
would enjoy lovely dreams.  Once REM sleep ceased, and the dreams 
ended naturally, everyone Washuu had decided to try her experiment 
on—-Tenchi, Tris, Ayeka, Ryoko, Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi—-would 
drift nicely into Delta sleep and wake up refreshed...and wonder 
where those fabulous dreams had came from.

On her console screen, the seven subjects' sleeping brain waves were 
represented, pulsating and surging, as horizontal bar graphs.  All 
Washuu had to do is wait until the first person dropped into REM 
sleep and then ensure that the software locked him or her into the 
program.  That person's brain waves would be gently modulated into a 
nice, regular pattern and returned to that person.  The program would 
automatically lock in the others when they reached REM sleep and 
perform the same brain wave modulation.  Simple.  Foolproof.  And 
another scientific triumph.

Now the first REM sleep pattern appeared on one of the graphs.  Washuu 
smiled.  The graph represented little Sasami's sleeping brain wave 
pattern.  So she was the first to achieve a dream state!  Great little 
kid, wonderful cook.  Washuu was glad.  She watched her software 
program lock in Sasami's brain waves.  Done.  Washuu made a few final 
inputs into the program.  Done and done.

Washuu rose from her console.  She yawned.  Speaking of sleep, she'd 
better get some shuteye herself.  She walked toward the futon she kept 
in the lab.  

Who knows, Washuu thought, as she slipped under the covers.  If the 
invention worked as well as she thought it would, she might even use 
it on herself.



On the console screen, the seven little bar graphs pulsed and pulsed, 
except for one graph that glowed green--the locked-on sleeping brain 
waves of Sasami.  Suddenly, an error window flashed on the screen.  
But Washuu, of course, was not there to attend to it.

A glitch in the program caused by conflicting software code had 
occurred—-it was a new program after all, a beta program at best.  
Even great scientists made programming flubs.

Now, instead of receiving the seven brain waves from the seven 
sleeping subjects, the program reversed itself and began to transmit 
brain waves back into those subjects via the scanner.  It transmitted, 
specifically, the sleeping—-and dreaming--brain waves of the person 
the program had locked into first...Sasami.  Thanks to Washuu's new 
invention, whatever Sasami dreamed, the others would also. 



Little Sasami turned over on her futon.  Her blanket was off, since 
it was a warm night.  A single sheet covered her.

The little girl began to smile in her sleep.  Beneath her eyelids, her 
eyes darted to and fro, as she drifted into full, clinical REM sleep.

Sasami began to dream...a very nice dream, indeed.

                              * * *

It was the start of another great day in the life of that typical 
schoolgirl, Sasami.  The pretty little girl jumped out of bed.  She 
ran to the window and threw it open.  Outside, the morning sun 
glinted on the Tokyo Tower.

"Hello, tower!" Sasami said.

Suddenly, a furry little figure scampered up to her.  Sasami looked 
down.  There sat Ryo-Ohki, her pet and secret mentor.

"Good morning, Ryo-Ohki!" Sasami said.

"Good morning, yourself," Ryo-Ohki replied.  "You'd better hurry and 
get to breakfast!"

"Right!"

She closed the window and scrambled to the bathroom.  Ryo-Ohki was 
right!  She had to hurry!  She had to go to school like all the 
typical schoolgirls.  As she washed herself and brushed her teeth, 
she could hear her mother and father talking in the dining room.  She 
smiled.  Mom and Dad loved her and she loved them.

Dressed in her beloved schoolgirl's outfit—-a cute sailor suit with a 
short hem, known as the sailor fuku ("sailor blouse," the official 
girls' school uniform in Japan)--Sasami exited her bedroom and skipped 
to the dining room.(1)  Her Mom and Dad smiled at her as she entered.

"Hello, Sasami!" they chorused.

"Hello, Mom and Dad!" Sasami replied back.

Her Dad, sitting at the table, put down his newspaper.  He was very 
handsome in his business suit and striped tie.  He had auburn hair 
and one dimple showed in his smile.  (It was Tris.)

"Well, Sasami," he said with a manful smile.  "What will my little 
princess do today?" 

"Go to school, Dad.  And maybe play at the video arcade after school."

"Okay."  Dad grinned.  "Don't come home too late!"

"I won't, Dad."

"Be sure you're not late, young lady," her Mom said.  She was a very 
pretty lady in a house dress and apron and high heels (a little of the 
old American TV programming Sasami sometimes watched was creeping into 
her dream).  Mom had long, dark teal hair and, incongruously, wore a 
red headband (it was Kiyone).  Mom was standing by the stove, cooking 
something.  "You'd better eat your breakfast now while you can, honey.  
You don't want to be late for school!"

"Yes, Mom!"

(In Tenchi's and Tris's bedroom, Tris smiled in his sleep at the 
picture of Kiyone in the house dress—-and high heels.  Ha, ha, Kiyone!  
Kind of a dopey dream, though.)

Sasami ate her delicious and nutritious breakfast as her handsome Dad 
and pretty Mom beamed at her.  No one could cook like Mom!

Finished, she rose and grabbed her schoolbooks.  Gosh...she hated to 
leave Mom and Dad, but she had to go to school and have adventures.

"Goodbye, Sasami!" Mom and Dad said, waving at her from the front 
door as she left the house.

"Goodbye, Mom and Dad!"  Sasami waved back.  Gosh, she must have the 
best Mom and Dad in the whole world!  She turned and walked away.  
Mom and Dad and the house faded in the distance.

(Asleep, Kiyone tossed a bit on her futon, confused.  If this was a 
dream about her and Tris getting married, how come they were already 
out of the picture?  And what was Sasami doing there--and Ryo-Ohki?)

Sasami was well on her way to school now.  She skipped down the 
sidewalk, carrying her schoolbooks.  Everybody was nice and waved to 
her.  She waved back.

She saw Ryo-Ohki bounding up to her.  "Ryo-Ohki, you can't come to 
school with me!" she admonished.

"Oh, yeah.  Have a nice time at school, Sasami.  I'll see you later."  
Ryo-Ohki bounded away.

Sasami shook her head.  She was lucky to have Ryo-Ohki, but the cabbit 
was kind of forgetful at times. 

Then, behind her, Sasami heard a noise.  It sounded like someone had
tripped and fallen.  She turned.

A girl was sprawled out on the sidewalk.  She was a blonde with big 
blue eyes.  She cried because she had fallen and dropped her 
schoolbooks and her stuffed dog.  (It was Mihoshi, whose womanly body 
stretched her schoolgirl's uniform almost beyond modesty.)

Sasami recognized her.  It was her best schoolgirl friend, Miho!  Miho 
was clumsy and funny, a good friend for a typical schoolgirl like 
Sasami.

"Don't cry, Miho!  I'll help you!"

"Thank you, Sasami!  You are such a good friend!"

(Snuggled in her futon, Mihoshi smiled and hugged Trissy.  Beside 
her, Kiyone stirred on her futon restlessly, still wondering why 
she was dreaming of being Sasami's Mom.)

Sasami and Miho walked to their school.  It was a big building, with 
lots of windows where the classrooms were.  It had a big yard, with 
lots of schoolgirls and schoolboys in it, playing.  It was a typical 
school.

"Do you want to go to the video arcade after school?" Miho asked 
Sasami.

"Yes!  It will be fun!"

"Yes, it will!" Miho agreed.

They were standing on the sidewalk in front of their school.  Someone 
accidentally bumped Sasami.

"Oh, I'm sorry!"  She turned around.  A teenaged boy stood beside 
her. 

Romantic music played as Sasami's lovely coral eyes widened.  It was 
that boy!  That handsome older boy that she had seen around town.  He 
was dreamy!

The boy, a tall, slim young man with black hair and brown eyes (it 
was Tenchi), smiled at her.

Sasami gulped.  So did Miho.

"It was not your fault, little girl," the handsome boy said.  "I 
stumbled into you.  Are you all right?"

Sasami's eyes shimmered as she regarded him.  He was the most handsome 
boy in the whole world!  And he was talking to her!

"I'm...all right," she said.

"I'm glad!  I must leave now.  Good-bye!"

"Good-bye!" Sasami said to him as he continued down the sidewalk.  
Miho just stared after him.

"He's so wonderful.  Do you think...I'll even see him again?" Sasami 
asked Miho wistfully.

"I don't know," answered Miho, sighing.

(Tenchi, lying in bed, frowned.  What was he doing in this dream-—and 
what was Mihoshi doing in that little sailor suit?) 

The schoolbell chimed.  It was time for school.

School took place and was over very quickly (Sasami didn't know 
exactly what schoolgirls on Earth really did in school and it didn't 
sound very interesting at any rate).  There was a brief sequence with 
Sasami and Miho sitting in a classroom where a short woman teacher 
with big red hair (it was Washuu) lectured.  Sasami took notes while 
Miho slumbered.  Soon the scene shifted again, and Sasami and her 
humorously clumsy friend, Miho, walked out of school at the end of 
the school day.

"How did you do on the test, Miho?" Sasami asked.

"I flunked everything!" Miho said dolefully.  "How did you do, 
Sasami?"

"Oh, I got honors in everything," Sasami said complacently.

"You are so smart, Sasami!  I wish I was as smart as you!"

"Don't worry, Miho.  Tomorrow is another day!"

"That's right!"

(Lying in his pallet, Tris murmured in his sleep, "Who wrote this 
dialogue?")

"Let's go to the video arcade now!" Sasami suggested.

"Yay!" said Miho.

("Yay!" said Mihoshi in her sleep.  She snuggled against Trissy.  She 
liked this dream so far, except for flunking all her schoolwork, of 
course.)

Sasami and Miho went to the video arcade.  It was in a building like 
all the other buildings except that it had a sign that read "Video 
Arcade."  They went in.

"Let's drive the race cars!" Miho said.  In her excitement, she 
dropped her books and her stuffed dog.  Laughing, Sasami helped her 
collect them.

"Oh," said Miho.  "Look!"

Sasami looked.  Standing at the counter was the video arcade manager.  
The manager was...that handsome boy!

"Gosh," said Sasami as the romantic music played again.

"But look!" Miho said.  "There's those two mean older girls."

Sasami looked again.  Also standing at the counter and flirting with 
the handsome boy were two hard-looking girls dressed in sailor suits.  
One had spiky platinum hair and the other had deep purple hair.  
(Ryoko and Ayeka had finally made it into Sasami's dream.)

"Those are bad girls," said Miho.  "They're mean!  They called me 
names and tripped me the last time we were here."

"And they are shameless," Sasami added.  "Look at them flirt with 
that handsome boy.  They are annoying him."  Indeed, the boy looked 
less than pleased at the attention he was receiving from the two 
older schoolgirls.

(Soft thuds sounded in the women's bedroom as both Ayeka and Ryoko 
tossed and turned angrily on their futons, not liking this dream 
at all.)

"Hello!" said the handsome boy, spotting Sasami and Miho.  He left 
the counter, much to the obvious annoyance of the two older 
schoolgirls, and walked over to them.  "Can I help you?"  He smiled 
at them.

Sasami and Miho gulped.

"Do you need change for the games?" the boy asked.

"I don't know."  Sasami wasn't sure if she had "change."

"What's this?" asked Miho as Sasami hesitated.  She pointed at an 
arcade game.  "This is new!"

"Yes, this is our newest game!  It is very fun.  Shall I demonstrate 
it to you?"

"Yes, please!" Sasami and Miho chorused.

"Hey, stop talking to those little girls!" the spiky-haired schoolgirl 
called from the counter.

"Yes, please pay attention to us," the other mean older schoolgirl 
added in a snooty voice.

But the handsome boy ignored them.  He put a coin in the video game 
machine.

"You will like this," he told Sasami and Miho.  "It's..."

Suddenly the video game shuddered mightily.  It began to grow!

"Huh?" cried the handsome boy.

The video game grew to twice its size--three times its size.  Then 
long scaly arms sprouted from its sides.  Scaly legs burst out from 
the bottom of the video game.  The screen became a huge ugly face!  It 
stood on its legs!  It was a monster!

The two mean older schoolgirls screamed and hid behind the counter 
like cowards.

(The sleeping Ryoko and Ayeka were thrashing with impotent fury on 
their futons now.)   

Miho cried and tried to hide behind Sasami.  "What is it, Sasami?"

"It must be a demon!  A demon in that video game!"

The video game monster's scaly hands grabbed the handsome boy!

"No!" cried Sasami.

"I'm so scared!" sobbed Miho.

Sasami walked up to the video game monster.  "Put him down!"

"Get away, little girl!" the handsome boy told her, in the grip of 
the monster.  "You'll get hurt!"

"Put that boy down.  In the name of justice and truth and fun video 
games!  I command you!" Sasami told the video game monster.  The 
latter made a noise that could be interpreted (rather freely) as a 
sneering laugh.  

Suddenly Ryo-Ohki appeared, seemingly from nowhere.  She leaped onto 
Sasami's shoulder.  "Sasami," Ryo-Ohki whispered, "you must become 
Pretty Sammy right now!"

"Right!" Sasami whispered back.

Ryo-Ohki leaped off Sasami's shoulder.  Sasami again faced the 
monstrous video game.

"You asked for it!" Sasami declared.  "I will punish you!"   

Now she raised her hand.  Suddenly, something shimmered, became solid, 
in that little hand.  It was a jeweled scepter...and the largest jewel 
was a heart-shaped brilliant gem set on top.  Dazzling light radiated 
from the heart gem.

"You will not hurt that boy!"

Bright twinkling lights surrounded Sasami.  Triumphant music filled 
the air.  Quickly, her clothes changed from the schoolgirl uniform to 
a most becoming, and somewhat revealing, costume—-very tight fitting 
and with a short skirt.  A sort of pink stole covered her shoulders.  
Her ankle socks and flat-heeled schoolgirl shoes became booties 
sporting huge poms.  Somehow, Sasami's childish body seemed to assume 
more mature, womanly proportions.  The twinkling lights slowly faded.

Sasami stood there, holding her scepter aloft, in her costume and 
boots.  Only, she wasn't just little Sasami any more.  She was--

"Magical Girl--Pretty Sammy!"

Miho shouted out the name.  She dropped her schoolbooks and stuffed 
dog and clapped.  "Yay!  Yay!"

("Oh, no," Ayeka groaned in her agitated sleep.  "Not Pretty Sammy 
again!")

"I am Pretty Sammy!" said the now super-schoolgirl-magic-warrior to 
the video machine monster.  "You are evil.  Possessed by a demon!  I 
will chastise you severely!"

The demon-monster video game made a sound that rather resembled a 
growl.  Its arms raised the now-kicking handsome boy--and brought him 
to its screen which had opened and now spouted long, sharp teeth.  It 
was a mouth!  The monster was going to eat the handsome boy!

"Nooooo!" Miho shouted.  "Pretty Sammy--do something!"

Pretty Sammy obliged.  She raised the scepter.

"Fizzom frazzom frizzom froom!"

The heart gem blazed.

"Sweet love power!  Stop that evil demon!"

Bolts of pure love and truth and girlish fantasy spurted from the 
fiery heart gem.  The bolts were in the shape of hearts.  They 
smacked into the monster video game with a resounding thud.  The 
monster moaned and dropped the handsome boy.  He thumped on the 
floor, hard.

("Bet that hurt," Tris muttered in his sleep.  In his bed a short 
distance way, a fitfully sleeping Tenchi groaningly confirmed it.)

"Sock it to that awful monster, Pretty Sammy!" Miho cheered.

Pretty Sammy did just that.  Flaring heart beams kept stabbing into 
the monster video game.  Billows of smoke poured out from it now.  It 
staggered.  It moaned.  It made a grab at Pretty Sammy, who stood her 
ground like a true magical warrior.  She directed beam after beam from 
her scepter into the monster, blasting it with a shower of sparks and 
a surge of incandescent, super schoolgirl power.  

"Aim at its mouth, Pretty Sammy!" Miho cried.

Pretty Sammy nodded and pointed her pulsating scepter toward the 
monster's massive, fanged mouth.  Love beams surged into the black 
maw.  That did it!  With a crash that shook the very building, the 
monster arcade game's scaly arms and legs melted away and the now 
impotent piece of high-tech coin-robbing machinery hit the floor and 
smashed to smithereens.

"Yay!  Oh—-yay!" Miho cheered and cheered.  "Pretty Sammy saved the 
day!"

Modestly shaking off compliments from Miho and the other arcade 
customers, Pretty Sammy walked to the fallen boy.  Gently, she helped 
him rise.

"You saved my life, Pretty Sammy," the handsome boy told her.

"It was my duty."

"You're wonderful!"

Pretty Sammy's reply was interrupted by an odd noise.  Everyone turned
to look.

The two mean older schoolgirls rose, shakily, from the floor.  They 
were covered by the smoky soot of the monster video game's demise.

"Look at them!" Miho said.  "They look so funny!"

She laughed.  The handsome boy laughed.  Pretty Sammy laughed.  
Everybody laughed (except the two mean older schoolgirls) as the 
wonderful dream faded out...

                              * * *

Sasami sighed happily in her sleep.  She turned over again.  Soon she 
was silent, as she sank into deep, dreamless, Delta sleep.

The transmission ceased from Washuu's console.  The other six 
beneficiaries of the great scientist's latest invention also now 
entered that dream-free slumber state as Sasami's dream flickered 
off.  Even Ayeka and Ryoko, who no longer tossed and turned with deep 
annoyance.



Later that night, the entity once again came but could not penetrate 
the programmed slumber.  It left.  The controller cursed, foully, 
somewhere in the deep blackness.  



The next morning, breakfast was strangely subdued.  Not as subdued as 
the breakfast prior, when almost nobody showed up for the morning 
repast, but close.

Neither Lord Yosho nor Nobuyuki Masaki knew what to make of it.  
Nobuyuki had to dash for his bus anyway, so he couldn't spend much 
time dwelling on it.  Yosho surveyed the silent table of alternately 
cheerful, bemused, and disgruntled faces, finished his breakfast, and 
departed for the temple.  Sometimes young people were simply 
unfathomable.

Tenchi was of the bemused-looking group, as were Tris and Kiyone.  He 
glanced at Ryoko and Ayeka, who were glowering at each other and at 
everyone else.  They were definitely members of the bad-mood bunch.

On the other hand, Sasami and Mihoshi appeared quite jolly.  For some 
reason, both seemed to need to restrain themselves from giggling when 
they looked at each other.

Tenchi wondered what could have affected everybody so profoundly.  He 
knew, naturally, what was bothering him somewhat—-he'd had a crazy 
dream last night, where he was almost eaten by a video game and 
Sasami became that make-believe magical girl again and zapped the 
monster with some sort of weapon.  He remembered the dream vividly, 
every detail of it, which was not the case usually with his dreams.  
Weird!  He could not imagine what could have provoked it.  It 
resembled, faintly, one of those animes that Sasami and Mihoshi 
watched.

Shrugging off his bemusement, Tenchi asked, "Doesn't anyone have 
anything to say this morning?"

"Breakfast is sure yummy, Sasami!" Mihoshi said.  She laughed, as if 
at a private joke.

"Thank you, Mihoshi," Sasami replied with equal merriment.

That helped a lot, Tenchi thought sourly.  "Uh...anyone else?"

Kiyone shrugged.  She was covertly glancing at Tris and at Sasami.  
Somehow, she never figured Tris for a business suit.  She certainly 
never figured herself in a house dress and apron, wearing high-heeled 
pumps, not in a million years.  Besides, if she was going to dream 
about marriage, she would have expected to dream about...well not 
that!  

Ryoko glared at Sasami, although she knew the little girl really 
wasn't at fault for that rotten dream last night.  Ryoko was just 
about convinced she was cracking up...wearing some schoolgirl's 
outfit...hanging out with Ayeka...letting some little kid take Tenchi 
away from her...yeah, sure.  When Ryo-Ohki really learned to talk, 
maybe!

Ayeka didn't glare at her little sister, but she was definitely 
piqued.  Sasami's silly little fantasy caused by watching all that 
awful anime with Mihoshi was bad enough--not to mention Sasami's 
continuing crush on Lord Tenchi--but, good heavens!  After finally 
not suffering one of those dreadful, wracking nightmares, why did 
she have to dream about Pretty Sammy?  And about herself acting 
rude in a common video arcade with Ryoko!  That was the limit!

Tenchi gave up.  He resumed eating his breakfast.  Everyone just 
seemed in a strange mood this morning, except Sasami and Ryoko.  At 
least that made sense.  Of all of them, those two had the largest 
reserves of good cheer.  Thank goodness for that!  

Tris squirmed on his mat.  Lots of strange and weird things had 
happened recently...but that dream!  He couldn't get it out of his 
mind.  Like Ryoko, he suspected he might be going a little bonkers.  
He looked at Sasami.  He had to smile.  Pretty Sammy!  Cornball but 
cute too, in a way.

"What are you smiling at, buster?" Kiyone demanded.  Her tone was 
proprietary.  She sat very close to him again.  It was nice, for 
sure.  But Tris knew he was going to have find out what it meant.

"Well..."  He laughed.  It was so screwball that he had to spill it.  
"It's funny what sticks in your mind.  Tenchi and I glanced at the TV 
yesterday morning, and there was that American cartoon channel on.  
Well, I guess that's what caused it."

"Caused what?"  Kiyone's voice was softer now.

"Aw..."  He laughed again.  "Sasami, you're not going to believe 
this, but I actually dreamed last night that you were my daughter."

Immediately, all eyes fastened on Tris.  He blinked at the sudden, 
ferocious attention.  "Well, it was just a dream, you know."

"Go on."  Kiyone's voice had increased markedly in intensity.

"Well," Tris continued, looking apprehensively at the others who 
seemed to hang on his words with a death grip.  "Like I said, I 
dreamed I was Sasami's Dad and Kiyone...hey, don't get mad."

Sasami's eyes widened.  "Gosh."

"I was your wife...and Sasami's mother in your dream," Kiyone 
supplied tersely.

"Hey, that's right, good guess.  Just a dream, you know, Kiyone.  
Anyway, then Sasami went to school and Mihoshi was her friend at 
school.  You should have seen Mihoshi in that schoolgirl outfit!"  He 
grinned.  "No offense, Mihoshi!"

"I did see her," Kiyone stated flatly. 

"Huh?"

"I had the same dream."

Tris looked at her askance.  "Yeah, right!"

"Yeah.  Right."

Tris's jaw dropped.  Kiyone wasn't kidding.

"You both had my dream, too?"  Sasami was amazed and gratified.  "This 
is so cool!"  Then she looked mystified.  She realized the import of 
what she had just said.

"Not cool, Junior Princess," Ryoko grated at her.  "I had that crummy 
dream too."

"You, Ryoko?"

"And I, also," Ayeka admitted.  "Really, Sasami--" 

"Wow!" Mihoshi jumped in.  "That means you all saw me!  You saw Pretty 
Sammy zap that video game monster!  Wasn't it neat?"

Five pairs of eyes targeted Mihoshi, who colored under all the sudden 
attention.  Then those eyes swung to Tenchi.

Tenchi looked flabbergasted.  "Yeah, me too...same dream."

"But that's impossible!" Kiyone insisted.

"Absolutely impossible!" Ayeka agreed.

"It better be impossible," Ryoko gritted.

"But..." Sasami said wonderingly.  "But it happened...didn't it?"

That stopped the denials.  They all sat there, not touching their 
breakfasts, each one furiously trying to make sense of it all.  

When the answer came, it arrived as one word.

"Washuu!"

"You rang?" the great scientist beamed, walking into the dining room.  
"Good morning!  I just came in to see your bright-eyed, bushy-tailed 
selves this fine day..."

She stopped.  The group stared at her with a singular lack of 
bonhomie.  Definitely not a bright eye or a bushy tail in the bunch.

"What's up?" she asked, surprised at her reception.

"What did you do, you crazy scientist?" Ryoko demanded.

"Huh?  Who's a crazy scientist?"

"You are!  And if those puppets of yours pop up to contradict me, 
I'll serve 'em fireballs for breakfast!"

The puppets stayed put.  Washuu crossed her arms, peeved.  "What's 
with you, Ryoko?"

"Washuu," Tenchi intervened.  "It seems that Sasami had a dream last 
night..."

"And I'll bet it was a honey!"  Washuu smiled at Sasami.  "Right, 
Sasami?"

Sasami smiled uncertainly.  "Well, yes."

"We all had dreams," said Tenchi.

"Well..."  Washuu's smiled widened.

"We all the same dream."

"I know that...what?"  Washuu looked startled.

"The same dream!" Ryoko told her, her voice seething.  "The same durn 
dream!  A little kid's dream!"

"But...it wasn't supposed to work like that."  Washuu was clearly 
taken aback.

At that moment, if Ryoko could have had her way, Washuu would have 
been clearly taken apart.  "Hah!  So you were behind it!"

"What was not supposed to work like that, Miss Washuu?"  Ayeka's 
manner was more controlled, but her held-in-check anger obviously 
matched Ryoko's.

"You could call it a Dream Machine, I suppose," Washuu explained.  
"It's a new invention.  I decided to give it a test run..."

"On us?" Tenchi demanded.

"Oh, there was no danger.  It simply modulates your sleeping brain 
waves to that you have nice, enjoyable dreams..."  Washuu's voice 
trailed off.  "It didn't work that way, huh?"

"It sure didn't," Kiyone replied.

"That's strange.  Well, perhaps not so strange.  I suppose if the 
programming went a little off...the scanner broadcasts as well as 
receives...Sasami's REM dream state was locked on first..." Washuu 
mused.  "Hmmm.  Well, I guess that's possible.  You really all had 
the same dream, huh?  That's never been done before!"  Washuu looked 
somewhat pleased with herself.

"Neither has a two-headed transplant," Tris said sourly.

"Well, actually..."

"Washuu!" Ryoko cut in before another technical lecture began.  "You 
went and messed with our heads.  With my head!  I've ravaged whole 
planets for less than that!"

"But you're retired from all that..."

"I can un-retire!  In a heartbeat!"

"Miss Washuu, what were you thinking of?" Ayeka chimed in.  "Think of 
the possible consequences.  We were fortunate that it was Sasami's 
dream that we were exposed to.  Sasami has been raised properly and 
her dreams are perhaps a bit callow, but respectable.  What if things 
had gone the other way, and, for example, Sasami had been subjected 
to a certain person's sordid dreams?"  Ayeka glanced at Ryoko and 
shuddered delicately.

"I'd call it educational, Princess," Ryoko told her with a hard grin.

Sasami didn't look at all adverse to the idea. 

"Listen, everybody--I was thinking I was going help you all.  That's 
what I was thinking."  Washuu was beginning to get a mite irked 
herself.

"Yeah?  Like how?" Ryoko demanded.

"A good night's sleep for all of you, that's how  A great night's 
sleep!"

"Washuu," said Tenchi pointedly.  "Does it look like we had a good 
night's sleep?"

"Nope," Washuu admitted.

"I know your intentions were good, but--"

"I get it," Washuu said.  She was angry, and showing it.  "That's 
what I get for trying to help and making a teensy mistake.  Okey-
doke, then.  See ya."  She turned and swiftly left the dining room.

Ryoko rose.  "Hey!  I'm not through with you yet."

"Yes, you are," Tenchi told her.  "Please sit down, Ryoko."

Ryoko sat.  She glowered but she stayed put.

Despite his own irritation with Washuu, Tris had to admire Tenchi.  He 
couldn't imagine ever telling Ryoko to sit down, even when she was in 
a good mood.

"Was it such an awful dream, then?" Sasami asked very quietly.

"I liked it a lot!" Mihoshi told her.  "It was a nice dream."

"It stunk on ice," Ryoko grated.  

"Ryoko!" Ayeka cried.

Ryoko saw that little Sasami's eyes were tearing up.  Aw, nuts.  That 
wasn't what she wanted.  She liked the Junior Princess a lot.

"Well..." she said.  "Next time, let me wear something with a little 
more dash, okay Sasami?"

"Okay."  Sasami smiled wanly at Ryoko.

"You know, that part about the monster video game trying to eat 
Tenchi--that was pretty good, Sasami."  Tris chuckled.

"Yeah...and you in your business suit and power tie." Kiyone told 
him.  She ran a forefinger down his polo shirt front and then gently 
clipped his nose when he looked down like a chump.  "I'll bet you 
don't even own a tie."

"Do too.  It's glows in the dark and says, "Will You Kiss Me In The 
Dark, Baby?""

"Not if you wear that tie, I won't," Kiyone promised him.

Tenchi grinned.  "Sasami, I couldn't believe you had me working in 
that video arcade!  At college, everybody stomped me when we played 
video games.  I always lost.  I stopped playing a long time ago."

"No wonder that video game wanted you for supper, Tenchi," Ryoko 
said, amused.

"I was scared, though, for you, Tenchi," Mihoshi told him.

"Hey, I was scared for myself!" Tenchi admitted.

Now Ayeka burst out laughing.  "Oh, Mihoshi!  How you looked in that 
sailor suit.  You were almost...immodest!"

"Was I?" Mihoshi asked.  "I think the skirt was too short, really."

Tris waggled his eyebrows.  "Not from where I sat-—ouch!" 

Kiyone smiled and lowered her fist.  She sipped her tea.  It was 
cold, but she didn't mind, this once.

Now the table was filled with friends laughing over each other's 
performances in Sasami's dream.  It was a shame Washuu hadn't 
lingered a few minutes longer.



After breakfast, Kiyone made a point of helping Sasami carry the 
breakfast dishes into the kitchen. 

"Sasami," Kiyone said after they both deposited the assorted tea cups 
and bowls on the kitchen counter.  "Why did you dream about Tris and 
me being married?"

"Well...I guess because I like you both so much.  And I think you'd 
both be a great Mom and Dad," Sasami said shyly.

Kiyone reached down and patted Sasami's cheek.  "You little dickens!"  
Her voice was soft.  "Just don't tell that big stiff that...okay?"

"Okay, Kiyone."



"So, Professor Washuu was responsible for the odd demeanors I noticed 
at breakfast this morning?" Lord Yosho asked Tenchi a little while 
later.

"That's right, Grandfather.  Man, when I first leaned that, I could 
have taken this," he brandished his Bushido staff, "and conked her on 
the head!"

Tenchi and his grandfather were in the outbuilding-dojo by the temple, 
engaging in Bojutsu practice.  A longer session this time, since 
Tenchi had missed practice yesterday due to that trip to the 
University.

Lord Yosho shook his graying head.  "I can understand your feelings, 
Tenchi, but you should never say such a thing concerning a martial 
art...even in jest."

Tenchi nodded somberly.  "Yes, Grandfather."

"I imagine," continued Yosho, "that Professor Washuu is feeling quite 
chastised by her impulsiveness.  You say she was somewhat upset when 
she left?"

"That's right, Grandfather.  We were pretty rough on her, I guess."

"Perhaps such a mishap bears good fruit, Tenchi.  Good things do come 
from bad things, at times.  Professor Washuu will doubtless think more 
carefully before she plunges ahead in an endeavor.  Having experienced 
such a change in life roles in that dream might give all of you a 
different perspective on your true aspirations.  Even if it was staged 
as a childish fantasy."  Lord Yosho chuckled warmly, thinking of 
Sasami's Pretty Sammy alter ego.  It did have its roots in actual 
supernatural warrior traditions of Jurai.

Tenchi looked dubious.  "You're saying it may have been a good thing, 
Grandfather?"

"Perhaps, Tenchi.  We shall see."  Yosho raised his staff.  "Now, 
grandson--let's discover how skillfully you can guard against this 
attack which, I assure you, is not a dream!"

The staffs clattered as grandfather and grandson practiced the ancient 
martial art.



"Watch what you're doing, Mihoshi!" Kiyone snapped as her partner 
seemed about to drop the can of floor wax.  Mihoshi was supposed to 
deposit a judicious amount of the wax on the wooden floor for Kiyone 
to work in with her sponge mop.    

She and Mihoshi were accomplishing—-or, trying to accomplish—-the 
task they were supposed to have finished the previous day (which had 
been deep-sixed by Mihoshi's impromptu trip with Tris).  That task 
was to wax--eventually--all the wooden floors upstairs.  Kiyone had 
decided to commence with the women's communal bedroom floor.  She 
wanted to get started now, so the floor would be dry by lunch.  
Hopefully, they could start on another floor that day.

But speaking sharply to Mihoshi while she was trying to concentrate 
was usually fatal, as Kiyone should have known if anyone did.  Kiyone 
had let her impatience get the better of her.

Mihoshi dropped the can.  Floor wax splashed out.  Mihoshi showed 
commendable speed in avoiding the splashes.  Kiyone did not.  
Liberated floor wax impregnated the front legs of her blue jeans, 
rather thoroughly.

"Ahhhh—-Mihoshi!" Kiyone yelled.

"I'm sorry!" Mihoshi wailed.

She swooped down and picked up the can.  She snapped the top back on.  
"Well, we did get the floor wax on the floor," she observed.

"And on me!  Mihoshi!  All over my jeans legs!  They're soaked!"

"But those are your work jeans, Kiyone," Mihoshi said.

"They're my everyday jeans.  I wear them to meals too, you know."  
Looking down at her jeans, Kiyone got that sick, helpless feeling 
again.  Thanks to the heavy deductions from their Galaxy Police 
salaries to maintain their lodgings near GP Headquarters, Kiyone and 
Mihoshi had very little money left over.  Kiyone insisted that she 
and Mihoshi contribute something to their board at the Masaki home, 
so, after deducting that (and it was a pitiful amount too, Kiyone 
believed, for all the food and sundries they consumed), just a dab of 
actual disposable income remained.  Clothes were expensive and nuking 
a pair of jeans—-they were real Levis, too--was close to being a 
calamity.  

Of course, she and Mihoshi could give up their expensive digs near 
Galaxy Police Headquarters...but Kiyone wouldn't do it and wouldn't 
let Mihoshi do it.  Apartments anywhere remotely near Headquarters 
were nearly impossible to find—-the waiting list was months long—-and 
besides, to do so would be like acknowledging that Kiyone wouldn't be 
back at Headquarters.  Her far-off apartment was a symbolic link to 
her hoped-for career resurrection, one that Kiyone couldn't bear to 
break.  God...it had been so nice when she was earning a Detective 
Sergeant's salary...

"You have those navy slacks, those real nice ones."

"Yes, Mihoshi--and I want them to stay nice!"

In fact, Kiyone had worn those slacks on her date—-no, trip—-no, damn 
it, date—-with Tris.  She wasn't about to let them get spoiled.  
Dispiritedly, she looked around the communal bedroom.  Her glance took 
in the wardrobes of Ayeka and Ryoko.  She envied Ayeka's beautifully 
turned out formal robed gowns, and the way Ayeka kept them spotless, 
despite the many household chores she did.  And Ryoko...the space 
pirate had her wardrobe absolutely packed with clothes...many of them 
stolen!  That was one way to get by on a low-to-no budget!  Anyway, 
Ryoko did so little work around the house, her clothes had little 
chance of being soiled, aside from her naps up in the presumably dusty 
ceiling beams (although Ayeka did try to clean them with a sort of 
telescoping dust mop).  Kiyone had some nice clothes, like her 
sweaters and blouses and Capri pants and stirrup slacks, but they 
weren't appropriate to wear for chores and she really didn't want to 
wear them casually around the house, either.  Her favorite white 
belted tunic, for example, which she wore with her black stirrup 
slacks, was a virtual dust and dirt magnet. 

"You...you can wear my dressy jeans, Kiyone."  Mihoshi was tearing 
up.  She obviously felt awful about Kiyone's ruined Levis.

"No, Mihoshi.  I'll find a way to use these jeans somehow, if that's 
at all possible.  Maybe the floor wax will come off after all, and..."  
She stopped.  Oh no!  All that talking had allowed the floor wax to 
dry on her bare feet.  Arrrgh!

"What's wrong now, Kiyone?"

"My feet are waxed a heck of a lot better than this--this floor is 
going to be--" Kiyone sputtered.

"Yeah, they are waxed.  Huh.  They are nice and shiny, though."  
Trust Mihoshi to look on the bright side.

"Wonderful!"  Kiyone groaned.  How did one get floor wax off one's 
feet?  Perhaps Sasami would know.



Washuu sat on a couch in her lab.  She had been tapping at her 
console, but had stopped.  She wasn't in the mood, suddenly.  

The truth was, she felt badly.  Not over making a mistake with her 
programming code on that brain wave modulation app.  That happened 
sometimes when new programs were first deployed.  No, she felt bad 
about not doing well by the gang...and about the ethical question 
they sort of raised with her.

"Messing with people's minds."  That was how Ryoko had put it.  The 
space pirate had been absolutely incensed, even to the point of 
bringing up her rather bloody buccaneering past.  It took a lot of 
provocation these days to make that happen; Ryoko usually tried to 
avoid the subject of her criminal past—-at least, the gorier aspects 
of it—-because she wanted to marry Tenchi and didn't want him to 
become leery of her again.  Washuu understood that.

Poor Ryoko!  She yearned to be the life-mate of a young man who was 
not only a high-caste Juraian—-a Prince, if you please!--but also 
destined to become the priest of the Masaki shrine when his 
grandfather retired.  Tenchi's past, present, and future demanded 
both steadiness and respectability, in which a most-wanted galactic 
space pirate did not seem to fit in at all.  In fact, she seemed a 
liability.  From that perspective, Ayeka was far better suited for 
Tenchi than Ryoko--and didn't the Princess know it, just!  Washuu 
tended to view Ryoko and Ayeka's covert and overt struggle for Tenchi 
with some amusement...but also with some sympathy.

Then a visitor who had braved the sub-dimensional portal interrupted 
Washuu in her ruminations.  It was Kiyone.  Washuu was surprised 
but rather pleased.

"Hi, Washuu," the Galaxy Police officer said somewhat hesitantly.

"Hi, there!  Come right on in, Kiyone!"

"Thank you."  Kiyone walked into...or, rather, she trudged into 
Washuu's lair. She had put on white athletic socks over her waxed 
feet and wore her house slippers as well.

Washuu felt concern as she observed the down-in-the-mouth demeanor of 
the exceptionally sharp and competent galactic police officer.  Washuu 
had a lot of respect for Kiyone.  She well remembered how Kiyone had 
crawled into a shell, so to speak, and stayed there when she and 
Mihoshi had returned to Tenchi's after their demotion and disgrace.  
Kiyone had appeared to bounce back only recently.  Washuu hoped that 
this wasn't a relapse.

It wasn't.  It was embarrassment.

"Washuu," Kiyone began with difficulty.  "I know we're a little on the 
outs right now."

Washuu waved a hand dismissively.  "I've been thinking it over.  You 
all have a real point about my invading your minds.  I didn't mean to, 
but..."

"We all understand that, I think," said Kiyone.  "We just had to 
vent--you didn't experience Sasami's dream, you know!"

"I know.  I wish I had it on tape, from what I've heard about it."  
Washuu chuckled.  "What can I do for you, Kiyone?"

"Can you...can you get floor wax off feet?"

"Huh?"  That was a new one.

Kiyone explained.

"Mihoshi's doing, huh?  Well, it's probably not a good idea to yell at 
anyone holding a full can of floor wax," Washuu said, grinning.  
"Especially our Mihoshi!"

"Yeah, I learned that!"

"I can whip up a solvent that'll get the wax off.  No problem."

"Great!"  Kiyone smiled gratefully.  "What about my jeans?  Can you 
get these wax spots off?"

"Yes, that's too bad.  Bottom line, Kiyone—-I don't know squat about 
stains on clothes.  Ask Sasami."

"I just did.  She said she could get food stains out but didn't have 
a clue about floor wax.  She thought you might know."

"We both struck out, huh?  I'm sorry."

"At least, if you can get this wax off my feet..."

"In two shakes.  Coming right up."  Washuu rose from her chair.  She 
walked to a table loaded with bottled liquids and glass containers.  
"Haven't done wet chemistry for a while.  This should be interesting."

"Uh-huh..."

"Oh, I'm using an established formula, Kiyone.  Don't worry."

"Okay."

As Washuu poured and mixed ingredients, she asked, "How's that 
boyfriend of yours?  He's a cutie."

"You mean Tris?"

"None other."

"Why do you think that he's..."  Kiyone hesitated.

"A cutie?  I have eyes."

"No, I mean...that he's my boyfriend?"

"Hey, it's obvious!"  Washuu grinned.  "If you could only watch you 
two together--fidgety, nervous, glancing at each other when you think 
the other's not looking.  Classic symptoms.  You're telling me he's 
not your boyfriend?"

"No," said Kiyone.  "I'm not telling you that."

Washuu shook her head.  "I never had you pegged for getting hooked up 
with a boyfriend, Kiyone...not until you had your career all settled 
the way you want it.  You're not like those other girls.  But I guess 
it's true.  It's when you're not looking, particularly, that you find 
it."

"I guess so."  Kiyone appeared uncertain.

Washuu cocked her head at Kiyone.  "Is there a problem?"

"Well..."  Kiyone felt she could trust Washuu.  The petite scientist 
had proven to be a sympathetic and discreet friend from time to time.  
And Kiyone really needed to talk to someone frankly about Tris.  "I 
really haven't been in a situation like this before.  I'm kind of new 
at this, but...I really don't think he knows that he's my boyfriend."

"What?"  Washuu set down a beaker with a thump.  "What kind of a 
dummy is he?"  

"Maybe it's my fault."  Kiyone was venturing into terra incognita 
and was unsure about it.  "I kind of made up my mind about it.  I 
know it's only been a short time we've known each other, him and me.  
I sure didn't expect it.  But I've made up my mind, anyway.  Yet I'm 
not sure he even has a clue how I feel about him."

"Have you hinted?"

"With just about everything but a sledgehammer!" Kiyone growled.

"In other words, you've been tossing off signals and he's too dense 
to catch them?"

"That's about it.  He's clueless!"

"Men!  Heads like bricks, sometimes.  There was this cute galactic 
physicist once.  Couldn't get the big galoot to even hold my hand.  
Of course, being exiled kind of dried up my social life..." Washuu 
reminisced.

"Washuu..."

"Oh, sorry.  Well, Kiyone, you've had to deal with all sorts of folks 
as a cop.  What do you usually do with meatheads who don't get it?"

"Make 'em get it--real fast."

"There you go.  Make Tris get it."  Washuu walked up to Kiyone and 
handed her a bottle.  "Splash this on your feet and rinse them with 
cold water.  Presto.  No more wax." 

Kiyone smiled with warm regard for the redheaded super scientist.  
"Thanks, Washuu.  For everything!"

"Don't thank me.  Just remember me in your will."



A short time later, Tris was working on a monumental backache while 
the sun baked the back of his head.  

In other words, he was trimming impertinent blades of grass that dared 
poke their impertinent heads above the stones comprising the walk path 
between the shrine and the lake.  He had actually made some progress 
on that one path.  He might even get it done before he returned to the 
University.  What an accomplishment!  Guiness would need to hold the 
presses. 

Of course, the grass would only grow back...

A shadow fell over the stone path before him.

He looked up.  It was Kiyone.

He grinned, always glad for a break and especially so when it involved 
his favorite Galaxy Police Detective First Class.  He rose to his 
feet, knees popping rhymatically.

"Hi, Kiyone—-hey, what happened to your jeans?  Kinda nasty looking."

"Never mind that!"  Kiyone quickly moderated her voice.  "I mean, 
that's not important...Tris."

"If you say so, Blue Eyes."  He grinned and made ready to duck.

"I say so, Tris," Kiyone told him softly.

"Huh?"  Tris stared at her, a bit puzzled by her placidity.  "You all 
right, Kiyone?"

"Oh, I'm fine...darling."

Tris's jaw dropped.  Darling?  He could not understand this.  He eyed 
Jiyone warily.  "Why are you calling me that all of a sudden?  I 
thought "Boy Toy" was the designated appellation."  He didn't mention 
the follow-up jab that usually went with it.

"Oh, you're a Boy Toy, too.  But you're also...well, kind of a 
darling."

Tris had never heard Kiyone's voice sound so sweet.  And her eyes 
glowed at him.  It was damned mysterious.

"I am?"

"Aren't you?"

"Well, let me think.  I guess I could be.  You did let me kiss you."

"That's right!  Do you think I'd let just any boy kiss me?"  Kiyone's 
voice was back to normal.  She crossed her arms.  With Kiyone, that 
gesture was the equivalent, Tris had learned painfully, of an Earth 
cop unsnapping the top of his holster.

"No, of course not."

"Well?"

Tris hated questions like that.

"I'm trying to understand you, Kiyone.  Are you saying I'm not an 
idiot anymore?"

"Oh, you're an idiot."

"I'm not a big stiff any more?"

"You still are," Kiyone told him, matter-of-factly.

"Not a goofball?"

"I never called you a goofball."

"Well, there's that, anyway," Tris said.

"But you are, of course."

Tris frowned.  "Kiyone, you've got to help me out here.  What's just 
been said doesn't usually go with words like "darling."  You know?"

"But you are a darling.  You're a darling, idiotic goofball of a big 
stiff."  Kiyone used that sugary tone again.  Her violet blue eyes
sparkled.  "You're my darling." 

"Kiyone, now listen..."

"I'll prove it to you."

"Wait a minute--"

"Don't be so dense!"

Kiyone walked up to him.  She slipped her arms around his neck.  Her 
lips sought his, found his, and clung...

When they broke, Kiyone said, "Now...are you my boyfriend or not?"

"Wow.  Okay.  I'm your boyfriend."

"Good.  Because I've already been your girlfriend for over 24 hours."

Tris stared at her, nonplussed.  Finally he said, "Day late and a 
dollar short.  That's me." 

"That's for sure."

They kissed again.  Longer this time.

"When's our next date, buster?" Kiyone asked him when they came up 
for air.  She kissed his nose.  It was kind of stupid-looking but she 
liked it.

"I don't know," Tris said.  "I kinda hesitate to take out a girl who 
won't even put on decent jeans to neck--"

A second later, he had adroitly jumped backwards, avoiding her 
lightning-quick jab.  

"Now, Kiyone," he told her, backing up slowly.  "If you're going to 
date me, you'll have to get used to the jokes."

"And you'll have to get used to a few things too, buster," Kiyone 
said, edging toward him.  "Come here and I'll show you."

"Huh-uh.  You'll have to catch me first--"



Ryoko, soaring through the air, happily avoiding the Princess's many 
offers of gainful employment back at the house, suddenly beheld a 
rather unusual spectacle.

Just past the house and near the lake, she espied two figures.  They 
were running.  Ryoko thought it was rather warmish to be running, 
especially running so hard.  Besides, lunch was due any minute.

She lazily swooped down.  She identified the runners.  They were 
Kiyone and that goofball, Tris.

Ryoko knew they were both exercise fiends (which, to Ryoko, meant 
they exercised), but this was peculiar even for them.

Tris was out in front, displaying the racehorse gait that had helped 
him immensely in running the 440-yard-dash in high school.  Right 
behind him streaked Kiyone, who demonstrated the relentless pace that 
had won her Special Mention at the annual Galaxy Police Academy Track 
and Field Invitational.

The space pirate blinked, uncomprehendingly.  She swooped lower to 
investigate.

"Stop—-(pant-pant)—-stop—-I'm going to catch you —-(pant-pant)—-
anyway—-"  That was Kiyone's voice.  "You're just making it—-(pant-
pant)-—harder on yourself--"

Tris didn't answer.  He had no breath to spare.  Besides, Kiyone was 
gaining on him.

Ryoko shook her head in wonderment.  That goofball could run!  But 
Kiyone could burn up the track, too.  Ryoko wouldn't have accepted 
anything but even odds on either of them.

However, a handicapper who had done his research would have uncovered 
Tris's penchant to trip.  As mentioned previously, Tris almost never 
tripped while running.  This time, however, his high school track 
coach was not there to bird-dog him.  In addition, Tris suddenly had 
Ryo-Ohki hopping playfully at his feet.  The cabbit loved to chase 
things.

"Ryo-Ohki!" Ryoko yelled from the air.  "Look out!  That goofball 
will step on you!"

"Will not!" Tris panted, hearing Ryoko.  And he didn't—-he missed 
Ryo-Ohki—-and he missed his step, too.  He wobbled, and then tripped.  
The young American plowed into the turf with considerable velocity.  
His high school coach would have given him ten extra laps for that 
carrier landing. 

"Ooooooffffff—-" Tris commented on the firmness of the ground.  He 
lay still, without further remark.

Ryo-Ohki bounded up to him.  The cabbit sniffed Tris, concerned.  She 
nuzzled the back of Tris's neck.  Tris stirred.

"Meow-er!"  Ryo-Ohki was relieved.  She hopped off Tris and bounded 
away.

Ryoko was relieved, too, although she'd hardly admit it.

The most concerned had been Kiyone.  She increased her speed somehow 
upon seeing Tris tumble, convinced the idiot had broken his neck.  
Then she saw him move.  Thank God!  She stopped, then bent over, 
panting, trying to catch her breath.

Ryoko swooped down to her.  She hovered above Kiyone.  "What's going 
on?" the space pirate demanded.  "What's the foot race for?"

"We're just getting acquainted," Kiyone wheezed, still winded.

"Huh?"

"Please go, Ryoko," Kiyone requested.  "And tell Sasami we may be 
late for lunch."

Ryoko looked at Kiyone.  Then she looked at Tris.  She shrugged.  
"Whatever you say, girl."

"Don't leave me, Ryoko," Tris pleaded from where he lay face down on 
the ground, his voice muffled by grass.

"Sorry, guy...I've got my orders."  Ryoko rose into the air and 
floated away. 



"Where are Tris and Kiyone?" Tenchi asked Ryoko again, as the family
ate lunch in the dining room a little while later.  

"I told you, sweetums...taking a little jog by the lake," Ryoko 
replied.

"Now?  Missing lunch?"

"You know how those fitness nuts are," Ryoko said, shrugging.

"Tris never misses lunch."  Tenchi was insistent on that point.

"I think he had something to eat."  Ryoko grinned, thinking of the 
grass in Tris's mouth when he had last spoken to her.

Mihoshi's blue eyes were anxious.  "Ryoko, are you sure they were all 
right?"

"Mmmmmm...pretty sure..."

Ayeka eyed Ryoko suspiciously.  "Did you do something to him, Ryoko?"

"Me?  I'm insulted, Princess!"

"Is that a "no"?" Ayeka persisted.

"That's a big N-O," Princess."  Ryoko gave an exaggerated toss of her 
platinum hair.  "I was just flying around, minding my own business..."

"Avoiding work and sticking your nose where it does not belong," Ayeka 
translated.

Tenchi intervened.  "It all does sound strange, Ryoko," he told her.

Lord Yosho began to rise.  "I'll go look for them, Tenchi..."

"Look!" Sasami cried.  "They're here!"

Everybody turned toward the dining room entrance.

Tris and Kiyone stood there.  Kiyone held Tris's arm.  Her long, dark 
teal hair was mussed a bit, her blouse still soaked with perspiration.  
Tris was a mess.  He had grass stains on his polo shirt and khakis.  
His face betrayed direct contact with the good earth.

"Miss lunch?" Kiyone asked.

"No," Sasami said, her eyes wide.  "I'll go get some more for you."

"Thank you."  Kiyone turned to Tris.  "Shall we sit down?"

"Only if I don't have to get up again."

"Idiot.  Isn't he an idiot?" Kiyone said with satisfaction.

They sat down, Tris taking his time about it.

"Everything okay?" Tenchi asked his buddy.

"I'll tell you about it later," Tris replied.

"No you won't," said Kiyone.

"No I won't," said Tris.  

Lord Yosho now slowly sat down, too.

"But—-" Tenchi said.

"Tenchi," Lord Yosho said.  "Let Tristram and Kiyone eat."

"Yes, Grandfather."

Lunch continued.  The conversation was somewhat muted, but Tris and 
Kiyone did get fed.



After lunch ended, Ayeka quickly exited the dining room and then 
impatiently waited in the living room...until Ryoko appeared.  Then 
she reached out and grabbed the space pirate.

"Hey, Princess!  What gives?"

"You better tell me what happened out there!" Ayeka demanded.  "I 
mean it, Ryoko!"  She was almost dying of curiosity.

Ryoko shrugged.  "Well, I didn't see all of it, Princess.  But I can 
sure tell you one thing."

"What?"

"When it comes to boys, that Kiyone can teach us both something," 
Ryoko said with something like awe.



______________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

(1)  The sailor suit for Japanese schoolgirls is so ingrained in that 
country's popular culture that one almost forgets that it's just a 
school uniform.  It's worn by girls in middle and high school only.  
The sailor fuku's origins are actually a tribute to the first gajin 
the Japanese people saw on a regular basis--sailors from European and 
American ships.  This writer will never forget one of the first things 
he saw on his first visit to Japan--a middle school opening its doors 
for recess and little girls running out, all reading sailor fuku.  




