TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER THREE
No Need For Puppy Dogs
______________________


"Huh...huh...huh...huh..." Tris panted.

He was at first afraid he was going to die.  Then, he was afraid he 
wasn't.  But he didn't stop.

It was early the next morning, and the young American was following 
Lord Yosho's suggested exercise regimen and running up the steps of 
the Shinto temple.  He was around one-eighth the way up, and he was 
fading fast.  The pain in his sides was agonizing, sparkling with 
stitches, and his leg muscles were protesting under fire.  He had 
jogged all the way to the steps to try to get a little warmed up, but 
it hadn't helped much.

"Huh...huh...huh...huh...whoosh..."

Tris stopped.  He bent over and panted like a greyhound finishing a 
trifecta.  He glanced at his progress.  Well, he thought as he gasped 
for breath, he might make it half way up before Spring Break 
ended.  Maybe.

Suddenly Tenchi's grandfather was standing on the step beside him.  
Where had he come from?

"Are you all right, Tristram?" Lord Yosho asked solicitously.

"Yes...sir...once...I...get....some...air..." Tris wheezed.

"You're trying to achieve too much at once," Yosho advised.  "Take 
fewer steps at a time.  As long as you go forward, you will achieve 
your goal eventually."

"Yes...sir..."

"Shall I help you down, Tristram?"

"No...sir...no...got my breath...now..."

"Very well.  Please remember what I said.  You are training for a 
laudable goal.  Don't injure yourself.  People are counting on you."

Lord Yosho smiled at him and continued up the steps, steady and sure.

Tris stumbled down the stairs, unsteady and unsure.  But he wasn't 
going to be helped down, for pity's sake.  What had Lord Yosho said?  
People counting on him?  That was a laugh.  



Tenchi yawned and stretched, standing beside his bed.  Tris's futon 
was empty, he observed.  He was no doubt in the bathroom.  Tenchi 
wondered how far his buddy had gotten up those temple steps.  Not 
far, he guessed.  Those steps could kick your butt just by walking 
briskly up them.

Tenchi slipped off his pajamas, put on his kimono and slippers, and 
waited.  As he did, he thought about his Dad.

Last night, his father had missed supper again, not to mention the 
watermelon party.  Late in the evening, Nobuyuki Masaki had finally 
dragged in, really beat.  Tenchi had walked up the stairs with him to 
his little home office and tried to get him to come downstairs and 
have some watermelon (he had saved his Dad a half of one and it had 
cooled nicely in the refrigerator).  His Dad had promised he would 
after "tidying a few things up."  A half an hour later, Ryoko (whom 
Tenchi had asked to zip upstairs and see about his Dad) had reported 
him asleep at his drafting table.  Tenchi and Tris had helped Tenchi's 
father into his bed.  Tris had said nothing, for which Tenchi was very 
grateful.

His Dad was going to work himself to a breakdown...or an early grave.  
Something had to be done.  Tenchi bit his lip as guilt ate at him.  
He'd better talk to Grandfather again.



"Good morning, Kiyone!"  Mihoshi's voice rang out in the women's 
bedroom.

Kiyone, having already visited the Grand Baths, was standing, 
fully dressed, by her futon which she had just made up.  She had 
been holding her old red headband in her hands, trying to decide 
whether to wear it, when Mihoshi's voice startled her.  She glanced 
at her partner's pink-sheeted futon.  Mihoshi was sitting up, beaming 
at her.

"Mihoshi--you're awake already?"

"Yeah!"

"Well, good.  Maybe you'll make it a habit."

"Today's going to be a great day!" Mihoshi explained.  "I didn't want 
to miss any of it."  She rose from the covers.  She wore the pink 
cotton nightgown with the little silk-screened bunnies she had bought 
a few months ago.  She loved it, Kiyone knew, even though it was kind 
of juvenile.

"That's the right attitude, I'll admit."  Kiyone was a bit puzzled by 
Mihoshi's (relative) early-birdism, but shrugged it off.  At least she 
wouldn't have to force Mihoshi out of bed this morning.

"Going to wear your headband?" Mihoshi asked.

"I don't know..."

"Don't you think Tris will like it?"

"Mihoshi!" Kiyone snapped at her, vexed.  "Who cares what he likes?"

"Don't you?"  This came not from Mihoshi, but Ryoko, who had just 
roused herself from sleep.  She sat up on her pallet, platinum hair 
disheveled (beautifully so, of course), in her man's white dress 
shirt-pajamas (she had hooked one of Tenchi's shirts from his closet 
and refused to give it back—-she loved to sleep in it).  Ryoko 
grinned slyly at Kiyone.

"Of course I don't.  I'll wear what I like whatever that big stiff 
might think."

"Aw com'on, Kiyone.  You shouldn't try to kid a kidder," Ryoko 
returned with a knowing look.

"Aw com'on, yourself."  Kiyone made her decision.  She slipped the 
headband on.

"Who's a kidder?" Mihoshi asked, confused.

"Never mind!  You two better take your baths now or you'll miss 
breakfast," Kiyone pointed out.

"Okay, okay.  Come on, Mihoshi."  Ryoko yawned, hugely.  Then she 
stood upright and walked over to her wardrobe for her terry bathrobe 
and slippers.

Obediently, Mihoshi rose from her futon and walked to her wardrobe 
and opened it.  She undressed, slipped on her bathrobe and sandals, 
closed the wardrobe, and walked out the door.  Ryoko followed her.  
Just before the space pirate exited the room, she turned to Kiyone.  
"You aren't fooling me, Kiyone.  I saw you hold his hand under the 
tree yesterday!"

She ducked, laughing, as a pillow sailed past her head.



At breakfast a little while later, Tris found himself both confused 
and bemused by the actions of a few of his fellow feeders at the 
trough.
    
When Kiyone had appeared wearing that cute red headband again, he had 
asked her if that was where she kept her badge and she had frozen him 
with a glare.  Then Mihoshi kept looking at him, smiling happily.  
Ryoko even winked at him.  What the heck, over?

Tenchi also seemed to sense the increased animation in the blonde 
Galaxy Police officer.  "You seem pretty chipper this morning, 
Mihoshi," he commented.

Mihoshi favored him with a dazzling smile.  "Oh, I am.  Thanks to 
you, Tenchi!"

"Oh?"  Tenchi could not figure out what he might have done lately for 
Mihoshi, but decided not to pursue it.  It was likely some trifle that 
Mihoshi, true to form, had blown out of proportion.

"Say, Tenchi...would you like me to wear a headband?" Ryoko asked 
slyly.

"Huh?  What do you mean?"

"I mean I'd wear anything for you, as long as you liked it.  That's 
how I treat my man...unlike some girls I know."

Ayeka glanced at Ryoko as if she suspected the space pirate was 
directing that comment at her.  But Ryoko was looking at Kiyone.

Kiyone's face flushed.  The sound of her gritting her teeth almost 
carried across the table to where Ryoko sat.  Ryoko smiled with 
wicked delight.

"What you wear now is just fine, Ryoko," Tenchi said, wondering why 
she had brought the subject up.

"What she wears now is a bit too tight, if one is to be entirely 
truthful," Ayeka observed coolly.  The Princess had a point.  Ryoko's 
long black and yellow striped sheath dress certainly fit like a second 
skin over her lush form.  Tenchi and Tris had a hard time keeping 
their eyes off of it.

"Hey, Princess--if you've got it, flaunt it.  Of course you have to 
got it, first."

"Have to got it?" Tris said to Sasami, questioning the grammar.  
Sasami just shrugged and smiled resignedly at him.  Her big sister 
and Ryoko just couldn't resist sniping at each other.  At least they 
weren't sniping at Tris today.  The little girl was grateful for 
that.  She really liked the happy-go-lucky American boy.

"Some of us have got it and do not need to flaunt it," Ayeka returned 
the serve.  She smiled archly.  Game, set, match.

Ryoko dropped it.  She looked at Kiyone.  The teal-haired cop was a 
better target for devilment.  "Well anyway, a girl should always 
dress her best for her man.  She shouldn't wear some gnarly old thing 
that makes people want to gag."

A certain galactic police officer's face became as red as her 
headband.  Yes, Kiyone will still steaming.  Ryoko attacked her 
breakfast with relish.

Something—-someone--nudged Tris under the table.  He set down his 
chopsticks and tried to identify the nudger.  Mihoshi ate happily, 
glancing at him from time to time with deep affection.  Tris still 
couldn't figure that one out.  But he was sure she hadn't nudged him.  
At his end of the table, that left Sasami and Kiyone within nudging 
distance.  Sasami wouldn't nudge him.  He looked at Kiyone.

Kiyone looked back at him, still rather displeased looking.  Then she 
smiled at him.  Her smile was sweet.  Under the table, she kicked 
him.

"Ow!"  He rubbed his knee tenderly.  "What's the idea, Officer?"

"You haven't said you liked my headband," Kiyone told him.



As soon as breakfast ended, both Tenchi and Tris hurriedly scooted 
out the front door to the relative safety of their outdoor chores.

"What happened with you at the table?" Tenchi asked, pulling the lawn 
mower behind him with one hand.

"Somebody thought I was remiss in my fashion commentary," Tris 
replied, carrying his garden shears and a hoe.  Both young men had 
just emerged from the tool shed.

"I wish someone would tell me what's going on with those girls," 
Tenchi muttered.

"If someone does, have 'em tell me, too," Tris requested.



Still, most of the morning passed quietly.  Tenchi was cutting a 
patch of lawn near the lake, finding some joy in the simple chore, 
just as his grandfather had taught him.  Tris was close by, bent over 
at another stone-flagged pathway, scissoring renegade grass and 
finding no joy in it, but no punches or kicks, either.

The birds twittered in the trees.  Their song was amorous.  They 
allowed no silliness about choosing one over the other or playing 
defensive games.  No, they just built a nest and got down to business.  
Mate, find worms, raise the kids, die.  It was a simple life, one that 
Tenchi envied sometimes.  He wiped his brow.  Gosh, it was warm for 
this time of year!  Might as well be summer.  It was so peaceful, 
though.  Nice and peaceful...

The still air was rent by a musical cry:  "Tris!  Tri-is!  I'm 
rea-dy!"

Tenchi did a double take.  Mihoshi, wearing a pretty, lace-trimmed 
white blouse and her best pair of cranberry dress slacks, was 
standing outside the gate.  By Tris's car.  Calling for Tris.

Then Tenchi realized what it all meant.  "Oh, no," he groaned.  "No, 
no!"

There could only be one explanation.  Mihoshi was all decked out in 
her best duds (even a pair of white medium-heeled sandal pumps) for 
her promised ride to the village and lunch with Tris...the one Tenchi 
had haplessly promised her yesterday.

"Why today, Mihoshi?" Tenchi gritted to himself.

It was a silly question, he realized.  Mihoshi had been savoring the 
thought of the trip all night, and she was ready to go--now.  She 
had even gotten up early ("early" being a relative term) in her 
excitement, and had just changed to her nicest clothes (didn't Ryoko 
say it was the thing to do?).  It was a classic Mihoshi moment.  

Now Tenchi heard Kiyone's voice ring out from an open upstairs 
window.  "Mihoshi!  Where are you at?  What are you doing?"

"Going for a ride!" Mihoshi answered joyfully.  "Going on a date!"

"Huh?"  Kiyone stuck her head out the window.  "Mihoshi!  Get back up 
here!  We've got work to do!"

"Can't!  I'm going with Tris!"

Hearing his name again used in vain, Tris slowly rose from trimming 
the walkway.  He walked up to Tenchi.  The American stared at Mihoshi 
standing next to his car all bright-eyed and eager.  "Has she cracked 
up?" he asked.

"No."  Tenchi shrugged with resignation.  "Tris, you'd better let me 
explain."

He did, with great embarrassment.

After Tenchi had explained, Tris said, "Well, it all makes sense now.  
But, Tenchi--man!"

"I know...I know..."  Tenchi's face was doleful.  "Grandfather was 
right.  I did the dirty deed but you have to pay."

"That's putting it literally!"

"What are you going to do, Tris?"

Tris shrugged.  "What can I do now?  Take her to lunch.  I hope 
Kiyone understands, though.  She might think it's kind of funny, my 
taking out her partner, after we...after yesterday."

"I'll make her understand, I promise," Tenchi said.  "I'll take my 
lumps.  It's the least I can do."

"You don't know how appropriate that word "lumps" is," Tris told him.

"Huh?"

"Tris...I'm rea-dy!"  Mihoshi's happy voice floated up to them again.

"I'm com-ing," Tris answered her.  "Sheesh!"



Soon afterwards, Tris appeared by the Mustang, after hurriedly 
changing his clothes in the house.  Mihoshi fairly leaped with 
delight.  

He suddenly felt like a louse.  All the sweet kid wanted was a drive 
and a meal.  To her, it was a big deal.  How could he begrudge her a 
good time?  Hadn't she spoken up for him?  Hadn't she gone out of her 
way to make him feel welcome?  Yes, on both counts.

Tris plastered a smile on his face.  "Well, Mihoshi, I get the 
impression you're ready to go."

"Oh, yes, Tris.  I'm ready!"

"Then let's go."

Mihoshi clapped her hands.  "Yay!"

"Yeah...yay," Tris muttered.

Tris opened the passenger-side door for Mihoshi (his mother had 
raised him right).  Mihoshi smiled sweetly, and slid into the car.  
As he walked around the car to get in himself, he noticed all the 
other women (sans Washuu) looking at him out the front window of the 
house...one in particular was staring pointedly at him.  Tenchi, 
please be convincing, Tris thought.

He slid into the car.

"Put the roof down, Tris!"

Obligingly, Tris unhooked the roof clamps and pushed the button on 
the dash.  The canvas top slowly motored down into its well.

"Gosh!  This is so neat, Tris!"

Tris just grinned at Mihoshi's enthusiasm.  It was infectious.  He 
started the motor.

"Gosh, it rumbles."  Mihoshi was surprised.  "Will it go all right?"

"Sure."  Tris put the Mustang in gear, eased up on the clutch, and 
pulled away from the house, down the gravel path.

"Wheeee!  I love that wind in my hair.  It's fun!"  Mihoshi turned to 
him, her face beaming.  "Thank you so much, Tris.  For taking me."

"It's my pleasure, Mihoshi."  And actually, he realized, it was.



"Well, he's taken her," Ryoko commented, looking out the living 
room's huge picture window with little Sasami, Ayeka, and Kiyone.  
"I didn't think he would.  But there he goes with our Mihoshi.  I 
hope he has good insurance."

"Well, Tenchi promised her," Sasami pointed out.

"Yeah, but Tris didn't promise her."

"Tris would back up Tenchi," Sasami insisted.  "Of course he would."

"Okay, Junior Princess, you're right."  Ryoko smiled down at the 
little girl.  

""Junior Princess"!  Ryoko!" Ayeka scolded.

"Great.  Now I'm getting it from both members of the family."  Ryoko 
shook her platinum head with feigned bemusement.  Then she winked at 
Sasami. 

Sasami giggled.  She thought Ryoko was wonderful when she was being 
upbeat and smart and sassy.

Kiyone stared out the window with a puzzled frown.  The other women 
had explained to her that Tenchi had told Mihoshi that Tris would 
take her for a ride in order to calm her down at lunch yesterday.

The teal haired young woman had figured out for herself that poor 
Tris hadn't known anything about it and was just being nice--which, 
she was learning, he was rather good at.  She was frowning and 
feeling puzzled because...she could not figure out why it still 
bothered her...



"What are you thinking about, Tris?" Mihoshi asked, as they motored 
on the two-lane road leading to the village.

"Oh, just that it seems like deja vu...all over again."

"What's deja vu?" Mihoshi asked.

"It's when you think you've been someplace before or did something 
before, although it's the first time you've actually have been there 
or done that thing.  Sort of like that."

"Ohhhh...like if I do something wrong and Kiyone tells me she told me 
about it before but I can't remember her telling me?"

"Close enough."  Tris had to grin.

"Ummmm...Tris?"

"What?"

"Do you think...my ears are funny looking?"

Tris, surprised by her question, glanced at Mihoshi.  He again took 
note of her rather pointed ears.  Of course, now he knew why they 
were that way.  "No.  I think they're kinda cute."

"Really?"  Mihoshi smiled with patent relief.  "I'm so glad!  Ryoko 
told me you wouldn't want to be seen with a girl with even funnier-
looking ears than yours."

Thanks, Ryoko!  "You shouldn't listen to everything Ryoko tells you," 
Tris advised dryly.  Besides, Ryoko's ears weren't exactly shell-
like in shape, either.  Not unattractive, of course, but still... 

"I shouldn't?  Kiyone tells me that, too."  Mihoshi paused to think, 
frowning a bit as she did.  "Tris, even though you don't think my ears 
are...funny-looking...maybe I should arrange my hair over my ears.  
You think?  Since we're going to the village?  I usually do that."

"Well, sure...if that's what you usually do."  Tris was surprised that 
Mihoshi hadn't already taken that precaution.  He didn't realize that 
Mihoshi had wanted to get his opinion of her ears first.  He also 
didn't realize how important all this was to Mihoshi. 

"Okay!  If you like my ears, Tris, that's all I care about."  Mihoshi 
happily worked at her thick blonde hair, carefully layering it over 
her ears.

They were rolling at a brisk pace toward the village.  They now 
passed the produce stand whose owners had sold Tris their full 
compliment of watermelons the previous day.  Tris waved at the stand.  
The happy owners waved enthusiastically back.  Mihoshi laughed and 
waved, too.

"They're nice!  They like you, Tris!"

"They like my money."

"Huh?"

"Never mind, Mihoshi."

Obligingly, Mihoshi never-minded.  She was used to that.

"Tris?" she asked.  "What kind of girl will you marry?"

"Uh...never really made up my mind."  Tris gave her a sidelong look.  
Mihoshi smiled at him adorably.

"I mean, would she have to be able to cook?"

"Well, that would sweeten the deal," Tris admitted.

"But would it be okay if she learned all about cooking after you 
married her?" Mihoshi asked pensively.

"I wouldn't object, I guess.  My stomach might, though."

Mihoshi laughed gaily.  "Tris, you are so funny!  You make me laugh."

"Lots of girls have told me that," Tris assured her.



Back at the Masaki manse, Kiyone wasn't laughing but she wasn't 
raging, either.

"Okay, Tenchi, I understand," she said.

Tenchi smiled with relief.  "Thanks, Kiyone."

They were talking in Tenchi's (and Tris's) bedroom, where Tenchi had 
asked her to go when he went into the house.  Kiyone had glanced at 
Tris's futon fondly.  Well, at least the big stiff made his bed.

"I mean, you said something to stop the little ding-dong from bawling 
and later regretted it.  As if I don't know all about that!"

"Yeah, I guess you do, Kiyone."

"Let her have her fun.  After all she hasn't really had much fun, 
since we...since we came back to sponge off you."

Tenchi felt concern at Kiyone's sudden sour expression and sourer 
words.  "It's not like that at all, Kiyone.  You and Mihoshi are a 
part of our family.  We're happy to have you living with us, instead 
of in the city."

He understood the one-two punch that had rocked Kiyone to her very 
foundations.  First had been the demotion.  Second had been the 
realization that she and Mihoshi could not risk part-time jobs 
anymore and thus had to live with the Masakis.  To a proud, 
independent spirit like Kiyone's that second defeat had been almost 
as bad as losing her rank.

"Well, thank you, Tenchi.  But I know that we—-that is, I—-haven't 
been very nice to be around."

"We all understand, Kiyone.  We're all behind you!  You'll get back 
your rank and show all those people.  I know it.  It's only right 
that you stay with us now.  We wouldn't have it any other way."

Kiyone felt her lower lip tremble.  Tenchi's manner was so friendly 
and honest.  He had been such a good friend to her for so long.  It 
was hard not to...not to...

"We're not your family, Tenchi," she muttered, lowering her head so 
he couldn't see the sudden moisture in her eyes.

"Yes, you are," he said firmly.  "You and Mihoshi are like my sisters.  
You always will be.  This will always be your home."

Kiyone's shoulders shook.  She kept her head down.  "Thank you, 
Tenchi," she said, barely audibly.  "Would you leave me for a little 
while?"

"Sure, Kiyone."  Tenchi smiled at Kiyone and left.



"Kiyone didn't like those shoes?  I like them," Mihoshi said.

She and Tris were in the village, window-shopping in the burg's tiny 
market area.  Mihoshi was looking at the spike-heeled pumps in the 
shop window, the same pumps that Kiyone had disdained the day before.

"Well, some women wear them.  I guess they do make you legs look more 
shapely--at a price," Tris said.

"I would wear them if my...husband...wanted me to," Mihoshi said to 
Tris shyly.  Ryoko's comments during breakfast about dressing to 
please were certainly bearing strange fruit.

"You are an uncommonly accommodating woman, Mihoshi," Tris told her, 
oblivious to any undercurrents, in true male fashion.

He and Mihoshi were also oblivious to the curious looks coming their 
way from the villagers milling around the village's mini-shopping 
district.  Didn't this young American man have another pretty woman 
with him just yesterday, some of the villagers mused.  What an 
operator!  Those Americans!

"Hey!" Mihoshi said.  She began tugging at Tris's hand, which she 
had grabbed the moment they had left his car.

Tris smiled inwardly.  This really was a replay of yesterday.  Now 
the shop with the little black dress...

But Tris was wrong.  Mihoshi dragged him past that shop and stopped 
in front of a small store whose jumbled front window made it clear 
that it peddled toys and stuffed animals.  Mihoshi was clearly 
enchanted by the store.

"Can we go inside, Tris?" she pleaded.  "Please?"

"Sure," he said, surprised at her request.  This place was for kids.

"Yay!" she cried with delight, and pulled him inside.  Mihoshi was a 
strong young woman, Tris had learned.  He hoped she didn't punch--
pretty unlikely, of course.  She probably left the rough stuff to her 
partner.

A tiny wind chime tinkled softly as they entered.  It was a small 
shop, very clean and well lit, packed with shelves brimming with toys 
and fancifully designed animals filled with "inert materials."  A 
small, middle-aged smiling Japanese lady appeared and bowed to them.  
Tris and Mihoshi bowed back.

"Welcome to my shop, honorable customers."  The shopkeeper smiled.  
She wore round glasses that accented her round face.  Her figure was 
somewhat matronly and she radiated good cheer.  She had to be 
someone's mother or favorite auntie.

Mihoshi warmed to her immediately.  "I love your shop!" she exclaimed.  
"I'd love to look around!"  

"Of course...feel free, young lady," the shopkeeper invited.  Like 
most people, the matronly woman found herself reflecting Mihoshi's 
infectious good cheer.

"Is it okay, Tris?"  Mihoshi regarded him with sparkling blue eyes.

"Of course.  Feel free."

Mihoshi yipped and started exploring the toy shop.  The shopkeeper 
regarded the tall young American man and his lovely and delightful 
blonde girlfriend, both of whom spoke such acceptable Japanese, with 
professional appraisal.  The shopkeeper had noted the lack of a 
wedding ring.  That was fine.  Men always were most generous to their 
ladies before marriage.

Tris decided he might as well look around, too.  He noticed that many 
of the classic Japanese anime were represented--tons of Pokemon and 
Monster Rancher dolls.  There were even Dragonball dolls, though Tris 
never found any of the characters from that anime to be particularly 
cuddly.  There were also some Western—-American—-animated characters 
here and there.  Bugs, that wascally wabbit, Mickey Mouse and clan, 
even Moose and Squirrel.  It reminded Tris that, to the Japanese, all 
animated shows were considered anime, even programs he regarded as 
just Saturday morning cartoons.

He was interrupted in his closer examination of a Bullwinkle figurine 
by Mihoshi's whoop of delight.

"Awwww...she's precious!"

Tris turned.

Mihoshi was holding—-actually, hugging—-a life-sized plush stuffed 
toy.  It was constructed in the form of a cocker spaniel...only this 
cocker spaniel had been out digging for gophers in the woods once too 
often.  The stuffed toy had had a few sewn parts torn off and 
(skillfully) re-sewn, and its face had been squashed, just a tad, so 
it looked particularly woebegone.  Tris was surprised by Mihoshi's 
regard for the sad-looking stuffed pooch.  The shop was filled with 
many sleeker-looking stuffed toys.  But it seemed that Mihoshi had 
fallen in love immediately with the plush dog.   

"Oh, Tris.  Isn't she just the sweetest thing?"

"Uh, sure...I guess."

"She looks so sad.  She needs someone to hold her and love her.  Don't 
you, doggie?"  Mihoshi cuddled the stuffed dog.

"Actually," the shopkeeper intervened, "we really shouldn't have put 
her out for sale.  As you can see, she was knocked around a bit in 
shipping."

"I've gotten knocked around a bit in shipping myself," Tris told the 
shopkeeper.  She smiled politely.

"But she's cute!  A sweet puppy dog.  She's adorable!  I love her!" 
Mihoshi exclaimed.

"Your girlfriend is certainly very enthusiastic," the lady shopkeeper 
observed diplomatically.

"She's not my..."  Skip it.

Tris walked toward the tanned blonde woman.  "Now, Mihoshi..."

In response, Mihoshi backed away from Tris, clutching the stuffed 
toy.  From hard experience, she was expecting Tris to say no and to 
take the plush puppy dog away from her.  

Mihoshi had formed a strong fondness for doggies.  She had watched a 
lot of American TV, thanks to Washuu's invention, and all the dog 
food and dog accessory commercials had charmed her exceedingly.  She 
loved puppy dogs.  Tenchi would never let her keep a real one, of 
course.  But a stuffed one would be no bother to anyone.  Mihoshi 
pleaded silently to Tris with her wide blue eyes. 

Tris looked at her a moment.  Well...he'd never had a sister, 
unfortunately, and so he never had experienced the pleasure of buying 
a sister presents, like stuffed puppy dogs.  What the heck.  The 
plush pooch was kind of gooney-looking but Mihoshi clearly loved it.

He turned back to the shopkeeper.  "How much?"

"Well, not a lot, she's pretty beat up.  Of course, if your girlfriend 
likes her so much..."

"She does.  How much?"

They haggled.  Finally she named a price and Tris paid it.

Mihoshi couldn't believe it.  Tris had bought her the adorable puppy 
dog!  A man (besides Tenchi) had bought her a present!  She hugged 
the stuffed toy as Tris passed out yen notes to the lady storekeeper.

"Shall I wrap it up?"

"Better not," Tris said, watching Mihoshi coo to her puppy dog.  "That 
mutt might bite, you know."

The storekeeper laughed politely.



At the Masaki manse, Kiyone was upstairs dust-moping all the areas in 
the women's bedroom that Mihoshi had missed yesterday.  It was a big 
job, thanks to her partner's carelessness.  But it kept her busy, at 
least.  Lunch had been delicious, a real pick-me-up.  That Sasami--
what a great cook!

Then somebody walked in...or, rather, floated in.  It was Ryoko, of 
course.

"Hi, Kiyone!"  She grinned.

"Hi," said Kiyone shortly.  She moved the mop and herself away from 
Ryoko.

"Got a lot to do, huh?" asked Ryoko.

"Lot to do."

"May I help?  I see the other mop over there in the corner."

That made Kiyone stop.  She looked at Ryoko.  "You...want to help?"

"Sure!  I like to mop!"

Kiyone didn't get it immediately.  Then, as Ryoko hovered over her, 
smiling at her, she got it.  Ryoko was feeling a teensy bit guilty 
about making sport of her this morning.  The thought that Ryoko was 
now committing (for her) the ultimate sacrifice to make amends almost 
caused Kiyone to laugh.  At least it made her grin, and that made her 
feel better immediately.

"Okay.  Have at it!"

Ryoko actually did a good job.  As she mopped, she talked about how 
Kiyone and Mihoshi had been the only Galaxy Police officers who even 
come close to capturing her, and how glad she was that Kiyone and 
Mihoshi had come back so, "I can get my daily laugh at you two."  She 
meant it kindly, Kiyone knew.  The space pirate was a big softie 
inside, really, if she liked you.  By the time they finished, Kiyone 
was laughing with her and they both scooted downstairs when Sasami 
announced she had made some tea.

Tenchi was right.  They really all were family.  And families 
fight...and make up.



Tris almost had a fight with the restaurant's hostess over Mihoshi 
bringing her puppy dog into the restaurant.  The establishment 
evidently had a disdain for hounds, even stuffed ones.

But Mihoshi had looked so sad holding her stuffed dog, that the 
hostess relented.  She led them to a table at the very back.  The 
kitchen door was so close, one could hear the cooks cursing.

Mihoshi didn't mind.  She had her puppy dog and her Tris.  And they 
were going to have a lovely meal.  Kiyone had told her all about the 
restaurant yesterday, only leaving out its steep prices.

Mihoshi sat her puppy dog on a chair.  (The restaurant offered what 
it termed "European seating.")  She smiled with genuine pleasure as 
Tris held out her chair for her (Tris's mother had been very thorough 
in her training of her son).

Tris sat down, too.  Menus appeared, borne by a waiter...the same 
waiter who had served Kiyone and him yesterday.  The waiter glanced 
at Mihoshi and raised his eyebrows at Tris.  Tris smiled, showing him 
his teeth.

"Tris, it's so expensive!" Mihoshi exclaimed, reading her menu and 
noting the prices.  "Can you afford it?"

The waiter hovered.  He also wanted to hear the answer to that one.

"Of course, Mihoshi," Tris assured her.  He glanced at the waiter.  
"Naturally, since the tip is included in the price, I may have to 
skimp a bit..."

The waiter sniffed superciliously (like all waiters at overpriced 
eateries do from Chicago to Okinawa).  He asked them if they wished a 
beverage before ordering.  Tris told him that, yes, they wished for 
tea and they also wished for clean teacups.  The waiter's stiff back 
protested elegantly as he departed.

"You shouldn't make him mad, Tris," Mihoshi remonstrated gently.  "He 
may do something to our food."

"As long as he doesn't cook it."  Tris indicated the stuffed pooch.  
"What will she have?"

Mihoshi laughed.  "You are so comical, Tris.  I love to be with you."

"You'll do to take along too...ma'am," Tris replied with a fair-to-
middling John Wayne impression.  It was slightly better than his 
Jimmy Stewart impression, which never had exactly brought down the 
house.

Mihoshi laughed again, delighted.  "I know him!  He's on the American 
TV channels.  He's big and walks funny and he shoots bad guys.  But 
he's kinda cute, too."

Tris glanced heavenward.  "Duke?  Are you listening?"

The waiter brought the tea.  He looked at Tris with a hint of dubiety.  
Tris ignored him and began to pour tea for himself and Mihoshi.  
Mihoshi all but squealed in dismay. Taking the teapot from Tris, she 
poured the tea herself. 

"That's for me to do, Tris."

"Oh.  Okay.  Isn't the pooch having any?"

Mihoshi tittered fondly.  "She has a name, you know." she said.

"The pooch?  What is it?"

Mihoshi smiled and lowered her eyes.  "Trissy," she said.

"Huh?"

"Trissy.  From—-"

"I know.  I figured it out."

Tris was bemused.  Trissy was a...well, sissy name.  As Tris himself 
had found out in the playgrounds of his boyhood, where that hated 
perversion of his name brought cruel laughter.  To stop it, Tris had 
learned to hit first and forget about asking questions later.  In 
fact, he had been obliged to clean up several grade school playgrounds 
because of that damned nickname, "Trissy."  Old memories flooded in 
and they weren't the warm, nostalgic kind.

He was tempted to object.  But there was Mihoshi petting her Trissy 
and smiling at him...aw, nuts.

"Do you like her name?"

"It's fine, Mihoshi."  Rats!  "Trissy" again!

The waiter hovered into view.  The guy had timing if nothing else.

He asked for their orders and Tris ended up ordering for them both 
because Mihoshi asked him to.  The waiter departed.

"I hope you like what I ordered, Mihoshi."

"I'll like anything you order, Tris."  Her blue eyes glowed.

"Anything?  Well...don't ever let anyone order blowfish for you, boy," 
Tris advised.  He shivered inwardly at the memory of his near 
poisoning in Tokyo back when he had celebrated his sixteenth birthday 
with some wise-guy Japanese friends.

"I won't, Tris.  It sounds yucky."

"Worse than that!  But it's really for guys.  Dumb guys."(1)

Mihoshi nodded, not really comprehending.  She petted Trissy again.  
Trissy still looked like a pretty sad case to her namesake.  

"Did you ever have a doggie, Tris?"

"Yeah.  He was a Heinz 57, my Dad called him...a mutt, I mean," Tris 
explained in response to Mihoshi's obvious bewilderment.

"Tell me about him.  What was his name?"

"Well, his official name was Scampers.  Unofficially, he was known as 
Humper."

"Humper?  Why?"

"Well, the dumb mutt would go into heat and grab your leg and...it's 
not important, Mihoshi."

"Oh."  Mihoshi still looked confused.  Then she brightened.  "You 
know, I'd like a real doggie someday."

"I'm not sure what the Masaki lease says about pets."  Tris smiled.  
"But someday, sure.  Why not?"

"You would buy your wife a doggie, wouldn't you, Tris?"

Tris shook his head.  "She'd probably object to picking up after two 
smelly old curs, don't you think?"

"I...I think she'd love it," Mihoshi murmured.

"Umph!"  Tris was skeptical.  

"You know, I don't think Kiyone ever wants to get married."

"No?"

"No.  She wants to be Grand Marshall of the Galaxy Police someday.  
Like my grandfather is now."

"Well, your grandfather has to retire sometime.  I'll bet that's a 
heck of a pension!"  Tris was most definitely an Air Force brat.

"Uh-huh.  But I want to get married someday," Mihoshi pressed on.  "I 
mean, I love being a Galaxy Police officer.  But I'd like a husband 
too...and babies...and a doggie!"

"Good for you, Mihoshi.  Have it all!"

"Uh-huh!"  Mihoshi's eyes were starry.  "Wouldn't it be wonderful?"



"Hey," Ryoko said to Kiyone.  They were in the dining room at chez 
Masaki, sitting at the table, sipping tea and munching rice cakes with 
Sasami and Ayeka.  "You think Tris would drive me to town, too, if I 
asked real nice?"

"Ryoko!" Ayeka reproved her.

"He wouldn't if he knew what was good for him."  Kiyone smiled grimly.

"Yeah?"  Ryoko chuckled.  "You got it bad, girl!"

"I don't have anything."

"Uh-huh.  Sure."  Ryoko put down her teacup.  "Well, that was another 
excellent tea, Sasami."

"Thank you, Ryoko."  Sasami beamed.

"And brilliant conversation from you, Princess.  I really liked "Be 
quiet, Ryoko!" best, although "How dare you, Ryoko!" has a lot going 
for it, too."

Kiyone and Sasami quickly covered their mouths with their hands to 
stifle their mirth.  Ayeka just looked at Ryoko and sniffed.

"If you would listen occasionally, I would not have to repeatedly call 
attention to your many faux pas and gaffes."

"Now she's giving it to me in French."  Ryoko stretched lazily.  
"Well, the rafters call..."  She floated up, just as lazily, and 
disappeared among the ceiling beams.

"That Ryoko--she stuffs herself with tea and rice cakes and then goes 
up to the ceiling beams to sleep it off.  Yes, she would be a 
wonderful helpmate for Lord Tenchi!"  Ayeka tossed her head irritably.

Not wishing to continue on that endless topic, Kiyone said, "Ayeka, 
I'm supposed to start waxing those wooden floors upstairs but my 
partner beat feet on me.  Can I help you?"

"Yes, thank you, Kiyone," Ayeka replied gratefully.  "If you could 
help me move those couches in the living room, I would like to clean 
under them."

"You've got it."

Ayeka raised her voice.  "It is so nice to have someone with a sense 
of responsibility around here."

In response, a loud snore issued from the ceiling beams.

Sasami again stifled a giggle.  She gathered up the tea things and 
departed for the kitchen.

"Ryoko did help me dust mop the floor in our bedroom," Kiyone said 
to be fair.

"Really?"  Ayeka seemed quite shocked.  "No wonder the poor thing is 
so tired!" 

More loud snores issued from the ceiling beams.

Ayeka rose majestically.  "Let us go, Kiyone.  All this talk about 
work is distressing someone quite severely."



"I had a wonderful time, Tris," Mihoshi sighed.  She lay back in her 
bucket seat, letting the wind ruffle her blonde hair.

"Yeah, it beat a poke in the eye with a sharp stick," Tris agreed.

"Huh?"

"Never mind, Mihoshi."

They were returning home on the familiar macadam-paved road.  Tris 
was beginning to believe he knew every pothole on that road by heart.  

Mihoshi wriggled in the bucket seat.  She smiled.  She hugged her 
puppy dog.  She was indescribably happy.  She wished the drive would 
never end.  Then another wish came to her.

"I wish..."

"What do you wish, Mihoshi?"

"Ohhhh..."  She smiled.  "It's a secret!"

"Okay, be that way.  Keep your old secret."

"It's a nice secret, Tris."

"Uh-huh."  They were passing the produce stand once again.  Everyone 
waved again.  The folks at the stand seemed disappointed as the red 
Mustang zoomed by.

"No more watermelon?" Mihoshi asked.

"We'll get some another time.  You can have too much of a good thing, 
Mihoshi."

Mihoshi petted Trissy.  "I don't see how."

"Ask Hugh Hefner if you don't believe me."

"Who's he?"

"No one you want to know."

"Oh...okay."  Tris certainly knew a lot of people, Mihoshi thought.



"Hey," Sasami said, looking out the window over the double sink in the 
Masaki house's kitchen.  "Tris and Mihoshi are coming back.  I see his
car coming."

Ryoko floated down from the rafters, yawning and stretching.  She 
walked into the kitchen and peered out the same window.  "Wonder if 
he brought anything good with him?"

"Well, Ryoko, he brought himself and Mihoshi," the little Princess
replied.

"I'd rather have watermelon," Ryoko told her.

In the living room, both the Princess and the Galaxy Police officer 
heard the car's tires crunching up the gravel path toward the house.

Kiyone, taking her red headband off to wipe the sweat from her brow 
generated by moving the couches back into their original position, 
shook her head ruefully.  "That makes sense," she told Ayeka.  "The 
work's done and here comes Mihoshi back!"

Ayeka smiled sympathetically.



Outside the house, Tenchi stopped mowing as he saw the red Mustang 
convertible pull up at the gate.  He sighed with relief.  Well, that 
was over with.  Now he'd better go see how well Tris had survived 
lunch with Mihoshi.  He walked over to the car, pulling the lawn mower 
behind him.



Tris had barely stopped the car when Mihoshi opened her door and 
stepped out.  Then she remembered that Tris would have opened the door 
for her if she had waited.  She looked sad.

"Don't forget what's-her-name," Tris told her, killing the engine and 
opening his own door.  He stepped out of the car and closed his door.

Trissy!  Mihoshi immediately went back to the car and scooped up the 
plush pooch.  She walked through the gate and toward the house.  
Ryoko, having stepped outside, met her halfway to the front door.

The space pirate eyed Trissy.  "What's that ugly thing?" she demanded 
with her usual tact.

"She's not ugly!  She's my puppy dog," Mihoshi explained.  "Her name 
is Trissy."

"Trissy?  You mean...as in...?"  Ryoko looked at Tris with absolute, 
unholy glee.

"Uh-huh.  Tris bought her for me."

"Trissy...Trissy!"  Ryoko began to laugh, a deep, belly-shaking 
laugh.  She floated into the air, laughing almost hysterically.  
"Trissy!"  She slowly floated away, laughing and laughing.  "Trissy!"

"Good to see you too, Ryoko," Tris muttered.

He couldn't swear to it, but he thought he heard Ryoko, far away, 
choke out amidst her helpless laughter something that sounded like, 
"Better than watermelon!"

"She likes the name!  I can tell!"  For some reason, Mihoshi always 
sought approval from the platinum-haired space pirate.  She rarely 
got it, but that did not stop Mihoshi from trying.

"She sure does," Tris said, watching the laughing figure of Ryoko 
float out of sight.  He supposed it would be asking too much for her 
to hit a power line or something.

Tenchi came to them, dragging the lawn mower.  "What's got Ryoko in 
stitches?" he asked, grinning in anticipation.

"Trissy!" Mihoshi told him happily.  She held out her stuffed pooch.  
"This is Trissy.  She's a doggie.  Isn't she cute?"

"Cute?" Tenchi responded, peering at the stuffed toy.  He sounded 
dubious.  "You say she's called...Trissy?"

"Yes!  Tris bought her for me.  Tris is so nice, just like you are, 
Tenchi."

Tenchi looked at Tris.  Tris gave him a warning glare.  Tenchi 
grinned.

"Oh, yes, she's a nice doggie, that Trissy."  Tenchi was swallowing 
hard.  "I'd better go put the lawn mower in the shed."  He scooted 
away with the mower.  A minute later, Tris and Mihoshi heard hooting 
laughter from the direction of the tool shed.

"He likes Trissy, too," Mihoshi said fondly.  "I'm glad."

"Yeah, I'm real glad too," Tris gritted.

"What's that you have there, Mihoshi?" Sasami asked, walking up to 
them.

"It's my puppy dog, Sasami," Mihoshi told her.

"Oh, it's cute...kind of," Sasami amended, taking a closer look.

"I'm glad you like her, Sasami!  Tris bought her for me!"

"He did?"  Sasami smiled.  "Well, that was nice of him."

"It was!  So I named my puppy dog..."

Tris groaned.  He walked away slowly, heading toward the temple 
steps.  Behind him, he heard Sasami's quickly stifled giggle.  Then 
he heard Kiyone's and Ayeka's voices as they joined Sasami and 
Mihoshi outdoors.  He walked faster.  He reached the steps of the 
temple.  Laughter sounded from behind him, strident female laughter.

He sat down on the stone steps.  Solitude.  At last.

Then he heard a noise beside him.  Something furry bounded up to him 
and it wasn't Trissy.  It was Ryo-Ohki.

"Meow-er!" said Ryo-Ohki.  "Meow-—meow-er!"

The cabbit seemed to be...laughing.

"Oh, Ryo-Ohki," Tris groaned, ruffling the cabbit's ears.  "Et tu?"



Some time later, Tris was joined by Tenchi.

"Com'on, you gotta eat something," Tenchi insisted.

"I do, huh?  Feed it to Trissy," Tris told him grumpily.

Tenchi grinned.  "Com'on.  It's dinner time, I said."  

He felt a little—-okay, a lot—-responsible for Tris being the subject 
of (largely) good-natured hilarity.  Now Tris was sitting all by 
himself on the steps leading up to the temple, looking miffed.

Tris could occasionally draw into a shell if sufficiently provoked; 
Tenchi had learned the best approach was to pull him out of it---even 
kicking and screaming, if need be. 

"Well...okay."  Tris was in no mood to kick or scream.  Pout a little, 
perhaps.  "Maybe I can sleep in the car afterward."

"You'll sleep in the house," Tenchi told him.  "Let's go.  I'm hungry.  
I didn't take the afternoon off like someone I know."

"Yeah, yeah."

They walked from the temple steps to the house.  Tris walked slowly, 
dreading the reception he would get at the dinner table.  He had made
it worse, he knew, by slinking away like that.

The sky was darkening.  Fireflies were beginning to blink gaily in the 
air.  Cicadas hummed musically in the grass.

Knock it off, fireflies, Tris thought sourly.  Shut up, cicadas.



Inside the house, everybody was nice to Tris, and didn't laugh a 
bit...except Ryoko, who took one look at him and doubled over with 
mirth.  "Okay, okay, I'm sorry," she chortled.  "I'm real sorry, 
Trissy."  She finally floated up to the rafters, still laughing.

"No, Mihoshi!  Tou can't bring that--that stuffed dog--to the table!"  
Kiyone's exasperated voice sounded from upstairs.

"That does it," Tris said.  He turned to leave.

Lord Yosho, who had to take a few deep breaths himself to keep from 
chuckling, intercepted Tris.  Tenchi grabbed his friends's arm.

"To the table.  March," Tenchi ordered.

"Who commissioned you?" Tris demanded.

"The cook.  It's dinner time, wise guy."

Tris was lead to the table.  He squatted down at his usual place, on 
his usual mat.  Everybody else joined him.  Even Ryoko descended from 
the rafters.  Sasami served out the food.  Tea was poured.  They ate, 
talking of neutral subjects.

Mihoshi beamed at Tris.  Everybody had liked the nice present he had 
bought her, as she knew they would.  She wished he would look at her, 
though, instead of staring into his bowl.  He was hardly eating 
anything.  Was he feeling ill?  She was concerned.

The meal ended.  Tris lowered his chopsticks and bowl and rose.  
Instantly, Kiyone was beside him.

"Come on, you," she said.  "You're taking me for a walk."

"I am?"

"You want to argue?"

Tris's shoulder pleaded with him not to argue.  "Okay, since you 
asked so nicely."

Watching them, Mihoshi frowned.  She wanted to take a walk with 
Tris.  Then she thought of her doggie upstairs.  Sasami had offered 
to sew its right floppy ear on a little straighter.  Mihoshi 
decided to take her up on that.  She left the dining room to get 
Trissy.



"So, that's my partner for you," Kiyone told Tris as they walked in 
the cool evening shade a little while later.  They had strolled 
through the gate and were now headed toward the general direction of 
the lake.  "Everyone who likes her and stays around her usually has an 
embarrassing moment or two....or three or four.  Yours was a mild one, 
buster, trust me!"

"Yeah, I guess so.  Usually I can take a joke.  But if she had only 
named that damned thing anything else--but Trissy!"

"Really opens up old wounds, eh?"  Kiyone smiled.

Very perceptive, that woman, Tris thought.  She wasn't a police 
detective for nothing.

"Does it!  Had to lick three times my own weight in third-graders once 
over that damned nickname!"  He grinned suddenly.

"Ahhh, there's my Boy Toy's cute smile," Kiyone said with gentle 
mockery.

"Boy Toy?"

"Right-o."  Kiyone imitated Tris perfectly.  "If you think you can 
call me Blue Eyes, I can call you Boy Toy." 

"Just because you're a few years older than me?  You really have been 
watching American TV!"

"That's right.  Been taking notes, too."

Tris and Kiyone stopped by the edge of the lake.

"Wonder what kind of fish are in this lake?" Tris pondered, surveying 
the placid surface of the water.

"Probably the kind that swim and breathe under water," Kiyone replied 
sardonically.

Tris regarded her for a long moment.  "Yeah, you have been taking 
notes."

He turned abruptly, and walked back toward the house.  Kiyone walked 
back with him.  She was smiling.

They walked for a while in silence.  Then Tris chucked.

"Trissy!" he snorted.  "Boy, oh boy...more deja vu!"

Suddenly Tris felt Kiyone's hand slip into his, gently.

"Now you're back with us," she said.  "Good.  It's no fun talking to 
a crybaby.  I'm glad you've decided to act grown-up again."

"Think so?"

"Know so."

He stopped.  "What do you know?"

"A little."  She paused.  "But I'm going to have to know a lot more.  
Get me?"

"I get you...I think."

They walked on to the gate.  Azaka II and Kamidake II greeted them 
politely.  They walked through the gate.  The house with its lighted 
windows loomed before them now.  Tris and Kiyone continued to hold 
hands.

"Tris?"

"Hmmm?"

"Why didn't you buy me a stuffed animal?"  Kiyone chuckled.

"That's right.  Keep it up."

"I'll stop."

They headed for the front door.

"This has been some Spring Break," Tris said.  "So far."

"It hasn't not been a total loss, has it?"

"No...Blue Eyes."

"I'm glad...Boy Toy."

They reached the front door.  They stopped.  They faced each other.

Tris stared at the young woman beside him, transfixed by Kiyone's 
lovely face bathed in moonlight...early moonlight, the sort that is 
silvery, not yellow.  Kiyone had taken off her red headband, he 
noticed.  That lovely long hair, so much like dark teal silk, rustled 
around her shoulders from the most gentle of spring breezes.  Her 
blue eyes just shimmered, like twin lakes.  He suddenly decided that 
Kiyone Makibi was the prettiest woman he had ever met.  He also 
reached another decision. 

"Well...here's where I get my block knocked off."

He bent over and kissed Kiyone, full on the lips.

Kiyone kissed him back.

Tris straightened.  "Hey, I'm still on my feet."  He was amazed.  "No 
right cross?  No left jab?"

Kiyone laughed softly.  Her hand patted his cheek.  Then she opened 
the door and began to step inside.

"Don't be silly," she told him over her shoulder.  "I would have 
slugged you if you hadn't kissed me!"



After Tris and Kiyone both went inside the house, a ghostly shape 
swooped down from the roof and landed by the front door.  It was 
Ryoko.

"Tris and Kiyone," she muttered to herself.  "Boy, oh boy!"



"...then they came back, and Mihoshi had this awful beat-up stuffed 
dog that Tris bought her, and she had named it--Trissy!"  Tenchi 
laughed.

His Dad laughed, too.  He even put down the report he had been 
reading.

They were in Nobuyuki Masaki's bedroom and office-away-from-the-
office.  Tenchi had brought up some tea and rice cakes for his Dad 
just a few minutes after he had observed the latter arrive home and 
trudge up the stairs.  Now he was regaling his father with the day's 
events.

"Tristram must have loved that."  Nobuyuki grinned.  He took a sip of 
tea.  Tenchi had brought up a tray containing a brimming teapot and 
two teacups, along with the plate of rice cakes.  Nobuyuki felt loads 
better.  Sasami was a genius with tea, and his son's attention was 
gratifying.  "Then what happened?"

"Awww, we made fun of him and he got into one of his snits."

"He wasn't really upset, was he?"

"No.  He pulled out of it pretty quickly.  Tris can take it."

"That's a good thing, in life," Nobuyuki commented.  He sipped more 
tea.

"How's that project coming along, Dad?"

His father grimaced.  "It's not.  No one likes the estimates.  They 
want to build it for nothing, as always."

"As always," Tenchi smiled, commiserating.

"And, as always, we have to go back and...sharpen our pencils."  
Nobuyuki grimaced again.  "How I hate that expression!"

"Have some more tea, Dad."

"Thanks, son.  One more cup and I have to get back to this inspection 
report."

"I understand," Tenchi said.  At least, he had brought his Dad a 
little cheer.  That was better than nothing.



After an eventful day, or even an un-eventful day, a good night's 
sleep is highly recommended by nine out of ten doctors (the tenth 
makes his living off of insomniacs).  But in the women's "dormitory," 
sleep, therapeutic or not, seemed out of the question.

Kiyone and Mihoshi had settled in their futons, Mihoshi taking Trissy 
to bed with her despite remonstrations from her partner.  Now they 
both looked up at Ryoko.  Kiyone blinked a little sleepily.  She had 
actually started to go under a bit, even with the overhead lights 
still on, when Ryoko, seeming fit to burst, walked to her and said:

"You kissed him!"

Kiyone groaned.  "Let me go to sleep, Ryoko."

"I saw you!"

"I'm not disputing you, Ryoko.  Now, if you're finished..."  Kiyone 
started to turn over on her futom.

She heard Ayeka's voice:  "You kissed him, Kiyone?"

"Did you, Kiyone?"  It was Sasami's voice

"You kissed him?"  This from Mihoshi.  She sat up in her futon, 
clutching Trissy.

Now Kiyone sat up, too.  "Yes, I kissed him!"

Ryoko smiled with satisfaction.  "She sure did.  Right smack on the 
lips, too."  Ryoko demonstrated, using the back of her hand as a 
target.  Her exaggerated ocular noises made it sound disgusting.

Mihoshi looked at her partner with amazement.  She hugged Trissy 
closer.  Kiyone was so brave!  Mihoshi could never get up the courage 
to kiss Tris.  At least, she thought she couldn't.

"But you hardly know him," Ayeka objected.  "Kiyone!  This is the 
sort of behavior I expect from Ryoko."

"Ayeka," Kiyone said wearily.  "It was just a kiss."

"Just a kiss!" Ayeka exclaimed.  "Kiyone!"  She and Ryoko had to 
maneuver and scheme so hard to get a kiss from Tenchi—-and so often 
they didn't succeed.  Just a kiss, indeed!

"What's so wrong?" Sasami questioned, sitting up in her futon, too.  
"If they like each other?"

"Sasami, dear, you are too young for this conversation," Ayeka told 
her.

"I am not.  I know all about kissing."

"Another wild woman!" Ryoko whooped.

"That's a corker, coming from you," Kiyone told her.

"What do you mean, Kiyone?  Do I lure poor boys outside after they had 
a date with my partner?  Do I kiss them in the moonlight while my 
partner watches TV?  Not me, Kiyone!"

"It wasn't a date," Kiyone stated flatly.

"Was too!" Mihoshi insisted.

"Was not!"

Mihoshi hugged Trissy and looked at Kiyone reproachfully.

"Look, Mihoshi, Tris's driving me to the village yesterday was not a 
date.  His driving you there today was not a date.  It was...an 
excursion.  That's all."  It sounded weak, but Mihoshi might buy it. 

Mihoshi bought it.  She smiled.  "Then a date would be next?"

Kiyone groaned.

"I suppose you didn't mean to kiss the poor chump either, huh?" Ryoko 
said with profound skepticism.

"Actually, he kissed me.  I just didn't resist."

"Wow!" said Sasami.

"Sasami," Ayeka told her.  "Don't listen!"

Sasami lay back on her futon.  But she listened.

Mihoshi looked at Kiyone with surprise.  She couldn't imagine her 
strong-willed partner not resisting...ever.  She wondered if she 
would resist if Tris ever tried to kiss her.  The thought made her 
smile and she petted Trissy.  

"Yeah, right.  You got him all set up," Ryoko said, with more than 
a touch of admiration in her voice.  "Making sure the chump stopped 
at the front door and turning toward him just right so the moon would 
light up your face and giving him that look..."  Ryoko's mobile 
features provided an exaggerated version of Kiyone's "look" that made 
Mihoshi titter, much to Kiyone's annoyance.  "He was the aggressor, 
all right!"

"So that is how you..." Ayeka began, then caught herself.  "That 
sounds rather unseemly.  Did you really do that, Kiyone?"

"It was hardly that elaborate," Kiyone said.  Ryoko was really 
beginning to get her dander up.  "Anyway, what business is it of 
yours, Ryoko?"

"None," Ryoko admitted cheerfully.

"And how come you were snooping around outdoors?"  Kiyone continued 
her interrogation.

"Just for grins--and, boy, did I get some!"

"Why, you spied on them, Ryoko," Ayeka said.  "That is just 
disgraceful!"

"Yeah!" added Mihoshi.  But privately, Mihoshi was glad Ryoko did 
spy on Tris and Kiyone.  If her best friend was going to kiss a boy 
Mihoshi liked, she needed to know about it.  Where did that leave 
her?  She'd have to think about it...real hard.

"Listen," Ryoko said.  "I'll go where I want, when I want, and how I 
want."  She grinned at Kiyone.  "Neckers beware!"

"That's fine," Kiyone said unconcernedly.  "I'll just take Tris up in 
Yogami."  She was referring to her and Mihoshi's Galaxy Police 
starship.

"You wouldn't!"  Mihoshi was startled.  It was against regulations!  
Kiyone never, ever broke regulations...well, hardly ever.

"Of course she wouldn't," Ryoko scoffed.

"Oh, wouldn't I?" Kiyone rejoined determinedly.  "If I can't get 
any privacy around here..."

"Kiyone," Ayeka said.  "Knowing that person so short a time--"

"You're referring to Tris as "that person" again, Ayeka," Kiyone 
interrupted, her voice sounding irritated.

"That's right," Ryoko chortled.  "His name is Trissy.  Oh, I mean, 
Tris."

Kiyone ground her teeth audibly.

"Trissy is my puppy dog," Mihoshi explained to Ryoko, trying to be 
helpful.  "The names sound kinda alike, but--"

"She knows, Mihoshi!"

"The name fits.  That ugly pooch really does look like that goofball," 
Ryoko opined.  "I mean, the big ears...that big nose...the big feet."

"Does she?" Mihoshi asked, surveying Trissy with new interest.

"You know what you're gonna look like," Kiyone said to Ryoko, "in 
about five minutes...?"

Ryoko just laughed scornfully.

Kiyone tossed back the covers and rose from her futon.  Mihoshi's 
eyes grew wide and she hugged Trissy again.

Ryoko stopped laughing.  Her face mirrored her surprise.  "Hey, don't 
burst a blood vessel, Kiyone."

"Okay.  I'll burst yours."

"Stop this!"  Ayeka demanded.

"Yes...please!" Sasami pleaded, sitting up.

Kiyone sat back down on her futon.  Mihoshi relaxed.  She had been 
ready to back up her partner, even against Ryoko.  But she was sure 
glad she didn't have to!

"Now, Ryoko, don't pick on that—-Tristram--so much."  Ayeka was 
being her most judicial.  "And Kiyone, Tristram is a stranger to 
you.  To all of us.  You should exercise better judgment."

"I don't agree, big sister," Sasami protested.

"Sasami...!"

Sasami laid back on her futon and was still.

"I'll kiss whom I want, where I want, and how I want," Kiyone stated 
flatly.  "To paraphrase someone."

"But is that wise, Kiyone?" Ayeka asked.

"Well...maybe not," Kiyone admitted.  She still looked defiant though.

"No, but it's sure fun, huh, Kiyone?"  Ryoko laughed.

"Ryoko!  Just go to bed!" Ayeka told her.

"Hear, hear!" Kiyone said tiredly.

But Ryoko just stood there, her hands on her hips.  "Oh, I'll go to 
bed...just as soon as Kiyone here admits that Tris is her smoochy 
boyfriend!"

"He is not!" Mihoshi interjected.  

"I didn't ask you, Mihoshi," Ryoko said.  "Well, Kiyone?"

"I can go without sleep just as long as you can," Kiyone replied.

"Well, I cannot!" Ayeka flared.  "And I will not!  If I have to go 
get Lord Tenchi—-and Lord Yosho—-!" 

She had said the magic words.  With a disdainful grunt, Ryoko walked 
back to her futon

"Turn out the lights, Ryoko," Ayeka demanded.  "You are the one who 
is up."

"All right, all right."  With poor grace, Ryoko walked to the light 
switch.  She snapped it off.  The room was plunged into darkness.  
The space pirate walked back to her futon and settled in.

For a blissful few minutes, the room was silent, aside from the sounds 
of breathing.

Mihoshi lay back on her futon and pillow.  She snuggled against 
Trissy.  Then a thought crept into her blonde head.  It made her 
giggle.

"Oh, what is it now, Mihoshi?" Kiyone demanded.  Unwisely.

"I was just thinking..."

"Yeah?" Ryoko asked disbelievingly.  "About what?"

"Just that..."  Mihoshi giggled again.  "After all that's happened 
and after all the things you girls have tried and all--the only one 
who's gotten any real action around here is Kiyone!"

That was a most unfortunate statement.  The lights clicked on again.  
The discussion resumed, a little louder this time...then a lot louder.  
And it didn't let up.

Not until four o'clock in the morning.



It is cold in outer space.  Absolutely, completely, and devastatingly 
cold.

Thus, a hate and lust for revenge that still burned white-hot after 
roving through many light-years of space was formidable, indeed.

The entity, propelled by a pure force of will, was not daunted by the 
cold emptiness of space.  It had covered many barren solar systems, 
spanned enormous wastes containing nothing as much as a planetoid.  
Still it had searched.  It knew what it was looking for.  And whom.

It had enjoyed success searching for and finding minor targets.  
Those targets were no more now.  But that was just practice.  The 
warm-up.

Year after year of seeking.  What it sought hadn't been where it was 
supposed to be...nor any place it would logically be.  So every known 
inhabited planet and planetoid had to be methodically scanned for 
possible portals, where the entity fashioned by the controller could 
enter and question and learn.  And, occasionally, kill--just to keep 
the weapon primed and ready.

It was a tremendous task, requiring much time.  But the entity's 
controller had nothing but time.  And hate was monstrous in him.

Finally, the entity had found whom the controller was looking for.  
The prime subject.  The perfect weapon.  For the final revenge.

Now the entity was coming to call again.  It touched the sleep-mind
of the prime subject.

It sensed the prime subject moaning helplessly, deep in sleep.  The 
subject was feeling the mental pain of attempted intrusion.  That was 
always galvanizing to the distant controller--the closest the 
controller could come to a sensual pleasure.

The entity tried to access, to try to open the portal.  It had done 
so many times before.  But it encountered difficulties this time.

The acrimonious roundhouse debate between the women that had lasted 
until the wee hours was not devoid of benefit--it had produced the 
sleep of the profoundly exhausted.  The sleep-mind of the prime 
subject was weary, a complete blank.  The entity reported this back 
to the controller.  There was no profit in penetrating it this night.

The controller raged, silently.  The past few nights had produced 
unsuccessful attempts, too.  Some other sleep-mind--young and 
surprisingly powerful--had interfered, a sleep-mind to which the 
controller had no portal.  The controller knew whom the interloper 
was.  That little brat would pay for interfering.  The controller 
would see to that.

But the controller, by necessity, had learned patience.  Vast 
patience.  There would be other nights.  Nights when more and more 
could be accomplished, programmed, captured, controlled, inside the 
fathomless sleep-mind of the prime subject...that undiscovered 
country where only the controller knew the way and therefore held 
dominion.

The entity eased away from the prime subject

Princess Ayeka sighed, and turned over on her pallet.  Unconsciously,
her hand sought her little sister's hand and found it.  She slept, 
soundly and dreamlessly now.

It was only a temporary stay of execution...and execution was exactly 
what the controller intended.



_____________________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

(1)  Blowfish (or Fugu) meals in Japan are extraordinarily expensive 
and extraordinarily dangerous.  The Fugu contains deadly poision in 
its internal organ that can kill anyone who consumes it, unless the 
fish is prepared carefully.  Some diners in Japan have died from Fugu 
meals.  Thus, only licensed cooks are permitted to prepare Fugu.  
There's an old expression in Japan that translates to "I want to eat 
Fugu, but I don't want to die."  Accordingly, eating Fugu is usually a 
macho male ritual in Japan, although improved preparation has made it 
a more acceptable meal for the general public--if they have the price 
of admission.     