TENCHI WAKUSEI, BOOK ONE: "NO DREAMS FOR TENCHI"

By Joe Meadows (gpabn@yahoo.com) 

NOTA BENE: This novel (comprising 24 chapters, a Prologue, and an 
Epilogue) is a sequel to the "Tenchi Muyo Television Series" 
("Tenchi Universe"), with some "Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki!" original 
OAV series characters and elements included where--in the author's 
opinion--they don't conflict with "Tenchi Universe."  For example, 
in order to flesh out a family background for Ayeka and Sasami, 
rather than create new characters, I used the existing parental 
figures of King Asuza and Queen Misaki from the OAVs.  In order to 
bring the Galaxy Police more into the story, I re-instated the Grand 
Marshall as Mihoshi's grandfather and used an existing character from 
the Tenchi Muyo mangas, Chief Tor Bodai.  And so on. 

AIC and Pioneer LDC, whose kind indulgence I am counting on, own the 
copyrights on the original Tenchi Muyo characters.  The character of 
Chief Tor Bodai was created by Hitoshi Okuda for the Tenchi Muyo manga 
series and is also copyrighted by AIC and Pioneer LDC.  All truly new 
characters are my creation.   Those characters and the actual story 
are copyright 2002 by yours truly.  The lyrics for both versions of 
the theme song for "Speed Racer," the Beatles' "Abbey Road" album, 
the Beach Boys' "Surfing USA," the theme to "The Brady Bunch," and 
"Amore" are copyrighted by their various owners.  The events that 
comprise the "Tenchi Universe" series are discussed in this novel; 
consequently, spoilers lurk within.  Be warned.  Please check out the
"Chapter Notes" at the end of some of the chapters.  Feedback is very 
welcome!  I can be reached at gpabn@yahoo.com and thanks for taking 
the time to read this novel.  

------------------------------------------------------



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
No Need For Clues
_________________


"Well, we're back in our sector," Kiyone announced, reading the data 
transmitted by the hosting nav buoy on the heads-up display that 
seemed to hover just a foot from her face.

Following her inputs, Yogami's navcom would seek out and lock on the 
signals from the next buoy that this buoy referred it to—-the buoy 
located near the planet Saturn.  Then they would be in the solar 
system proper.

Kiyone relaxed in the comfortable and ergonomically correct pilot's 
seat on Yogami's bridge.  Inwardly, she felt strangely happy.  Back 
home...well...sort of home.  "Remember, partner, technically we're on 
duty now, since we're back in our patrol sector.  Our PT just ended, 
officially."

Beside her, Mihoshi nodded and smiled brightly.  It felt so good to be 
back.  And she, unlike her partner, made no qualifications in calling 
that tiny speck of the galaxy home.  Now she efficiently performed a 
quick scan of her systems console.  The ship was operating at peak 
efficiency.  If anything, it was at the top of its form.  See...even 
Yogami is happy to be home, Mihoshi thought.

"We'll be back on Earth then, real soon," Mihoshi said.  "Can't we 
let Tris on the bridge now?  He really ought to see Earth coming up.  
It's so pretty!"

Kiyone shook her head.  "No, Mihoshi.  We just can't take any more 
chances.  You know what that message we found in the comm storage 
server said.  Sergeant Katzaar went ahead and wrote you—-us—-up for 
improper procedure.  And he gave you that extra little present of 
another write-up for conduct unbecoming—-the bastard!  We play it 
safe and by the rules, Mihoshi.  We're on the razor's edge now, 
partner."

Mihoshi bit her lower lip.  Oh, yeah...she had forgotten about that.  
Two write-ups!  Her Grandfather would be furious.  She blinked back 
tears.

Kiyone noticed her partner's sudden distress.  She decided to at 
least partially accede to Mihoshi's request.  Besides, that goofball 
did deserve a treat.  He had been quiet and obedient to her orders 
all the way back, the darling.

"But I will transmit the view forward to the screen in the recreation 
room, where he's at.  That's better than nothing, right?"

"That's right, Kiyone."  

Mihoshi glanced at her partner.  She knew Kiyone hadn't wanted to 
confine Tris to the rec room for the trip back, nor had either of them 
liked feeling compelled to stay on the bridge the entire time.  Right 
now, Kiyone just had to be in the same sorry state Mihoshi felt 
herself in--exhausted, hungry, and rather grungy in her uniform.  But 
it had been necessary.  Both of them being away from the bridge even 
a short time while Yogami was in deep space flight was another piddly 
technical violation, one that Sergeant Katzaar would have happily 
written them up for.  And neither of the women would leave her partner 
alone on the bridge during such circumstances.  They would suffer 
through it together.

Mihoshi had been on her best behavior throughout the voyage back; she 
had not even indulged in that bad old habit of bringing food to the 
bridge and getting crumbs everywhere.  She had fought to stay awake 
and had only tumbled into a catnap once.  But she had awakened 
quickly.  Sleep was very dear to her...but her career, and Kiyone, 
were dearer.

Taking a break from running the navcom—-it was usually Mihoshi's job, 
but Kiyone had taken it on to relieve her partner—-Kiyone now 
regarded Mihoshi.  Her eyes were sympathetic.  This trip had been 
costly to both their careers, but more costly to Mihoshi's.  That 
bastard, Katzaar!  At least she and Mihoshi had cheated that drip 
from uncovering the real prize—-finding Tris on their ship.

As it had turned out, getting Tris smuggled back on Yogami had been 
even easier than smuggling him out.  They had re-affixed his 
visitor's badge to his shirt and simply walked him to the shuttle 
station, shuttled him up to Headquarters, and took him to the 
entrance to the reception area adjacent to the docking area.  The 
Headquarters had been manned very lightly; although there was no day 
or night in the orbital Headquarters, there certainly was for the 
folks who worked there but lived on Vestra.  The three of them had 
arrived at Headquarters very early in the Vestran morning (Kiyone had 
to shake Mihoshi awake several times during the shuttle trip).  Only 
a skeleton crew-—the swing shift--was present for duty in most of the 
Headquarters' functional areas.

This time around, Kiyone had made small talk with the cadet guard 
while Mihoshi covertly smuggled Tris back into Yogami.  The guard had 
been that poor Vestran boy again.  He wasn't a bad sort, Kiyone had 
discovered.  His name was Kragyur.  He was fully aware of the 
uselessness of his task; he just wanted the extra credit because he 
was flunking Advanced Celestial Navigation and needed the brownie 
points.  As it was, he would probably flunk out anyway.  He just 
didn't have the fire in his belly to be a GP officer, Kiyone felt.  
Too easy-going.  And his father was rich anyway, so he didn't need 
the salary, either.

Must be nice, Kiyone now thought.  By the time she had been graduated 
from the Academy, she had to take out a loan just to pay for her 
uniforms and to finance her first apartment.  And who had made her 
the loan?  Mihoshi!  No one else would.  Kiyone had borrowed too much 
from others and paid them back too slowly.  Even Mitsuki had turned 
her loan request down, finally.  She had no collateral, so the banks 
had passed on her loan application.  Really, it hadn't been Kiyone's 
fault--she had been strapped and could only pay back loans fitfully.  
She couldn't go to her parents for financial help.  They didn't have 
money to spare and they were still upset with her over choosing a law 
enforcement career.  They felt it was a dirty and dangerous job and a 
poor choice for one's life's work.  Her older brother had felt the 
same way.

But all that didn't change the facts.  Mihoshi had bailed her out when 
no one else would, and without a single reminder, ever.  In a way, 
Kiyone admitted to herself, some of her aggravation at Mihoshi stemmed 
from having been in debt to her partner.  Kiyone was fiercely 
independent and being in debt to anyone—-much less Mihoshi—-galled 
her.  To make matters worse, it had been some time before she had 
been able to repay Mihoshi entirely.     

Stretching in her pilot's seat, Kiyone now felt depressed.  Then she 
thought about Tris.  She smiled slightly.  "Hey, let's see what that 
clown's doing in the rec room," she suggested.

"Yeah!"

Kiyone reached down to the ship's security control panel on the pod 
attached by an flexible arm to her chair.  Punching a few touchpads 
brought up the view from the security cam in the recreation room.  
The viewscreens filled with an image of Tris.  He was sitting on the 
overstuffed couch in the rec room.  He seemed to be saying something 
to the stuffed pooch, Trissy, who was seated on his lap.  Mihoshi 
giggled with delight.  Kiyone grimaced.  Idiot!  She turned on the 
cam's audio.  Now they could hear what Tris was saying.

"So Trissy, what do you want to be when you're a big doggie?" Tris 
asked the stuffed pooch.  He then caused the plush canine to move 
slightly as it "replied" (of course it was Tris replying to himself 
in a corny falsetto voice--his lips moved as he did, for he was 
hardly an accomplished ventriloquist).  The exclusive Trissy 
interview follows:

Trissy:  Oh, I'd like to be a Galaxy Police officer!

Tris:  Really?

Trissy:  Yes!  There is no better job!

Tris:  Why is that?

Trissy:  Because you get to carry a ray gun and shoot people.

Tris:  Cool.  Is that the only reason?

Trissy:  No.  You also get to earn rotten pay and complain about it a 
lot.  And the uniforms look like they're straight out of a Michael 
Jackson video.

Tris:  My goodness!  Those are compelling reasons!

Trissy:  Uh-huh!  And you get to travel in a starship and maybe even 
starve because you didn't pack enough food, or run out of fuel, or 
something neat like that.  And then there are the great people you 
work with.  Of course, if you make one tiny mistake they'll hang you 
out to dry, but that's life in the big galaxy!

Tris:  I see.  Have you talked to your mistress, Mihoshi, about this?

Trissy:  Yes.  But she says I should just be a good little doggie and 
leave the police work to her and Kiyone.

Tris:  That sounds like good advice.

Trissy:  But it's not!  I want a career!

Kiyone, muttering fulminations under her breath, terminated the  
connection to the recreation room.  The viewscreens went blank.

Mihoshi laughed and laughed.  Kiyone tried to stay steamed but she 
ended up laughing, too. Interviewing that stupid stuffed mutt!  That 
was the limit!

"That does it," she told Mihoshi when she caught her breath.  "I'll 
kill him when we get back to Earth."

Mihoshi still laughed.  She wiped her eyes when she finally subsided.  
Gosh, that felt good!  It chased the bad feeling from those mean old 
write-ups clean away.  

"You should kiss him, Kiyone."  Mihoshi smiled.  "Kiss him every day.  
Lots of kisses.  I would!"

"Aw, you even kiss that stuffed dog of yours.  You're really someone 
to give advice!" Kiyone grated.

"Well, maybe I do kiss Trissy, sometimes.  But if I had a nice boy 
to kiss..."  Mihoshi smiled coyly.

"Okay, okay.  So I won't kill him...not exactly."  Kiyone grinned, 
seemingly in spite of herself.  "He'll have to be able to walk when 
we get back to Earth."   

"Say--did you contact Washuu?" Mihoshi asked, her question prompted 
by Kiyone's comment about returning to Earth.

"Uh-huh.  While you had that last little nap."

"I'm sorry."  Mihoshi looked repentant.  

"Oh, forget about it, Mihoshi.  But I wish you wouldn't drool when 
you sleep."

"I do not drool!"

"No?  I'm taking a picture next time."

"Oh..."  Mihoshi now looked embarrassed.  She changed the subject.  
"Did you tell Washuu much?"

"No.  Better to spill it with everyone there.  It's bad enough having 
to bring such a downer back with us, much less having to repeat 
ourselves endlessly."  Kiyone's expression soured.  The good feeling 
was gone.  That damned case!

"Uh-huh.  But we're going to crack this case, right?"

"Right," Kiyone said.  That was the attitude they were going to adopt, 
at least.  Kiyone wriggled, restlessly.  God, she felt sticky and 
smelly in her uniform.  All those hours on the bridge!  She'd love to 
take a shower and have something to eat and...well, kiss that idiot 
boy.

"Say!" she remembered.  "There's good news about Tenchi's Dad."

"Really?  Did he get his job back?"

"Hell no!"  Kiyone frowned at Mihoshi impatiently.  "That wasn't very 
likely, now was it?"

"Well...no."

"Life isn't a comic book or a TV show, Mihoshi."

"I know."

"Anyway, Tenchi's Dad did better than get that rotten old job back or 
even another job.  He's going into business for himself!"  Kiyone's 
tone indicated how impressed she was by Nobuyuki's decision.

"Wow!"  Mihoshi sounded thrilled.  "He'll be a businessman!"

"That's right, partner.  Washuu said he's joining with two of his co-
workers from his old firm and they're opening their own architectural 
concern.  And guess what--Ayeka's loaning him the money to do it."

"She is?  How?"

"It's a funny thing...I guess we gave her the idea.  She's going to 
convert some of her credit holdings into one currency, then another 
and finally into yen.  It's like we do with those money-changers at 
that currency exchange," Kiyone explained.

"Oh.  Well, I'm glad.  Of course, I'm not too sure about those money-
changers."

Kiyone shared her partner's uncertainty.  "Neither am I, Mihoshi.  At 
the very least, they skin us good on the exchange rate.  But we have 
no choice but to deal with them, and I guess Ayeka doesn't either.  
At least she'll be able to make that loan."

"That's right," Mihoshi said brightly.  "That's all that really 
matters anyway...helping out Tenchi's father.  Let's tell Tris right 
now!  He'll be happy too."

"I'll tell Tris, Mihoshi."

"But we can call him now in the rec room, and—-"

"I'll tell Tris...okay?"  

"Okay," Mihoshi said.  She smiled knowingly.  Then she added, "You 
know, I don't think Headquarters is going to bother with us anymore, 
Kiyone.  We're back in our sector and everything is dead as always 
around here.  Why don't you go get cleaned up and eat something?  
Then when you're done, I will.  We should be fresh-looking anyway when 
the family sees us.  You think?"

Kiyone smiled at her partner.  The little ding-dong had read her mind.  
"The family?"

"Yes, Kiyone...our family.  You know."

"I know."  Kiyone looked away from Mihoshi.  Then she added, "By the 
way, I also put in a call to my Mom and Dad while you were asleep."

"Really?"  Mihoshi was greatly interested.  Kiyone was currently sort 
of estranged from her blood family because of the demotion, Mihoshi 
knew.  Especially from her brother...he had a real future with the 
Galactic Union and he didn't need a disgraced sister pulling him down.  
At least, that seemed to be Kiyone's view of her brother's attitude.

It was sad.  Mihoshi's own Daddy and brothers were all behind her and 
rooting for her.  Daddy had even told her he'd personally punch 
Grandfather out if she was fired from the GP.  Of course, he wouldn't.  
At least, she didn't think he would.  "What did they have to say?" she 
asked Kiyone.

"Not much.  Big brother got another promotion.  He's in the middle 
ranks now.  He's going to get married, even."  

"Oh, that's so nice for him!  Do you know the girl?"

"Kind of.  She was with the elite clique at school.  That group had 
no time for girls they thought were brain-o's or lame-o's."

"Oh."  Mihoshi guessed that Kiyone must have been either a brain-o or 
a lame-o, or both.  "What else did your parents say to you?"

"Just not to get fired.  They said I could come home if I did get 
canned, but I'd have to find another job pretty quick.  They still 
have to skimp to get by, you know."

"I see."  Mihoshi didn't, really.  Her family was wealthy.  "But they 
are behind you, Kiyone.  You know that, don't you?"

Kiyone did not reply.

"Kiyone?"

Kiyone just sat there.  She seemed to be biting her lip.  Then she 
stood up.  "I'll go get cleaned up now, Mihoshi.  You mind the store.  
Okay?"

"Okay, Kiyone."

"And if that rat, Katzaar, calls in...you call me!  Right?"

"Right."

Kiyone turned and walked off the bridge.  The doors closed hissingly 
behind her.

Mihoshi felt troubled.  She was certain Kiyone's parents—-and even her 
big brother—-cared for her, very deeply.  They loved her—-they must!  
Mihoshi couldn't imagine any other feeling from parents and brothers.

It was funny.  Kiyone had a mother living, but it kind of like she 
didn't, sometimes.  Mihoshi and Tris and Tenchi didn't have mothers 
living anymore but...in a way their mothers were still with them.  
Mihoshi frowned.  Kiyone didn't admit it, but she was very upset 
about that call to her parents.  She needed something more comforting 
from them than just assurance they'd take her in if the worst 
happened. 

Mihoshi considered calling Kiyone's mother directly about it.  But 
she rejected that approach.  Kiyone was a very private person.  She 
wouldn't appreciate it--and Mihoshi had an idea her mother wouldn't 
either.  Instead, Mihoshi now had a better idea.  Characteristically, 
she yielded to the sudden impulse.

Reaching down to the comm panel, she punched up the private comm line 
and called her Daddy.  Daddy would know what to do.  He always did. 



Unfortunately for Mihoshi, that call, as well meant as it was, could 
very well have been her last as a Galaxy Police officer...as a 
subsequent event at Galaxy Police Headquarters demonstrated. 

"See?" Sergeant Katzaar said to Sergeant Mitsuki in his office.  He 
indicated the logs he had downloaded from his district's sector patrol 
teams, logs that contained the comm records from each GP ship in his 
district.  Every GP ship's communications were constantly monitored 
and recorded.

"That Mihoshi made a private call while she was in her sector," he 
said.  "That's technically a private call made while she and Kiyone 
were on duty, even if they were coming off PT.  That's another write-
up.  That's three for Mihoshi now.  I can request a disciplinary 
hearing on Mihoshi.  She'll either go down entirely or get busted to 
Basic Constable and reassigned to remedial training.  That'll break up 
those two.  And no one wants Kiyone for a partner.  She'll be stuck in 
Base Supply to count boxes or someplace similar or maybe even asked to 
resign.  So...shall I proceed?"

Mitsuki stood very still, looking at the log file on the viewscreen of 
Sergeant Katzaar's desk console.  His office was just a short walk 
from her new office in Field Logistics.  But it had seemed a very long 
walk indeed to the red-haired Sergeant.  She had feared...well, 
something different.  It was a fear she had lived with for some time 
now.  She was sick of the fear--and a little sick of Sergeant Katzaar.  
He would pursue her with equal relish if it benefited him, she knew.  
But she could not let him know she felt that way about him.

Ironically, Sergeant Katzaar might have nailed Kiyone for the same 
violation, since she had called both Washuu and her parents from the 
Yogami.  But those calls were made before she and Mihoshi had entered 
their patrol sector--they were still on PT and thus still off duty.  
Kiyone was too sharp to make a blunder like that.  Ordinarily, Mihoshi 
was. too.  But concern about Kiyone had caused Mihoshi to mess up big 
time.

"That's really technical.  I mean really, really technical," Mitsuki 
equivocated.

"It makes no difference.  You know that.  It's a write-up...a valid 
violation."  Sergeant Katzaar didn't add that employing that type of 
discipline wholesale would thin the GP's rank pretty thoroughly.  They 
both knew this was personal, although pains would be taken to make it 
appear objective.  

Outwardly, Mitsuki appeared calm and thoughtful, but inwardly she 
wracked her brain.  She needed to find a way to get Katzaar to back 
off.  This wouldn't do at all.  Then her febrile staff-trained mind 
came up with a solution.

"That's great, Youri.  That really is!"  Mitsuki injected enthusiasm 
into her voice as easily as she injected compassion, understanding--
and even affection--when it suited her purpose.  "But I see one point 
you might have overlooked."

"And that is?"

"Two words: Chief Bodai."

But Sergeant Katzaar just brushed that point aside.  "He can't argue 
with the regs.  He can't oppose a hearing if I ask for one.  He 
doesn't write my performance report...Lieutenant Zay're does."  To 
Sergeant Katzaar—-as to any savvy staffer—-that meant he was bullet-
proof.

Inwardly, Mitsuki groaned.  This was going to be tougher than she 
thought.  In his own pig-headed way, Katzaar had courage, even 
integrity.  And he was absolutely convinced that Kiyone and Mihoshi—-
especially hapless Mihoshi—-were blots on the GP escutcheon, blots 
that needed wiping off.	

She pressed on, regardless.  "Yes, that's right, as far as it goes.  
So then let me add two more words, friend Youri: Grand Marshall."

This time Sergeant Katzaar wasn't quite so flippant.  "Yes...that 
slacker Mihoshi has had her grandfather's influence behind her.  But 
this is a direct reading off the GP regs.  He cannot interfere or 
he'll be in hot water himself with the Civilian Advisory Board and 
the High Commissioner.  The High Commissioner is no friend of the 
Grand Marshall, you know."

Damn it...Youri had an answer for everything!  Mitsuki was becoming 
upset, although it wasn't apparent on her smiling face.  "You're right 
again!  However, I was thinking of what something so drastic as a 
disciplinary hearing on the Grand Marshall's own granddaughter based 
on purely technical violations might provoke."

"I don't get you, Mitsuki."  Sergeant Katzaar frowned.  He had 
expected Lieutenant Zay're's fiancée to be grateful, not nitpicking, 
about all his hard work.

"Look Youri, what you have here is a squeaker...a case for a 
disciplinary hearing that barely—-only barely—-meets the criteria.  
Now, you have a high-profile officer like Mihoshi.  Surely, Chief 
Bodai would protest strongly to the officers picked to administer the 
hearing that these aren't fit grounds for disciplinary action.  The 
hearing officers could very well agree, since these violations are 
routinely made by lots of officers."   

"Hmmm..."  Sergeant Katzaar seemed to recognize that Mitsuki had made 
a strong point.  "So you think the case may be too weak to stand up to 
a strong challenge...a challenge made openly by Chief Bodai...and, 
perhaps, covertly by the Grand Marshall?"

Inwardly, Mitsuki sighed with relief.  "Yes, that's what I think.  
You'll look like you're persecuting Mihoshi, maybe.  I don't know if 
a hearing has been ever called for three such tiny technical 
violations, but I doubt it."

Sergeant Katzaar nodded.  Yes, that was a very telling point.  If the 
hearing officers thought the violations too minor, they would not take 
action that could result in a fellow officer being demoted—-again—-or 
dismissed.  And Sergeant Katzaar himself might come out of it looking 
like a martinet, which he certainly did not want to happen.

"Besides...this is Mihoshi we're taking about, Youri.  Mihoshi!  It's 
not a matter of if she'll screw up royally.  It's just a matter of 
when."  Mitsuki injected light-hearted banter into her voice.  "With 
Kiyone pinging like she must be these days, it's very likely Mihoshi 
will make the kind of blunder that even Chief Bodai and her 
grandfather can't ignore.  Then she's caught, dead-bang.  Right?"

"Yes.  That's right," Sergeant Katzaar said.  "So you feel I should 
just write up Mihoshi for this violation but not request a hearing?"

"That's it.  Just wait for her to do something more substantially 
wrong.  She will."

Sergeant Katzaar looked at Mitsuki appreciatively.  "That's very 
wise," he said.  "Thank you, Mitsuki.  I may well have committed a 
blunder without your advice."

"Think nothing of it Youri.  That's what friends are for."

Walking back to her office a few minutes later, Mitsuki reflected on 
the hollowness of her last statement.  Friend?  Youri was no friend, 
just an ally in a political intrigue.  All of her staff officer 
"friends" were really just acquaintances and rivals.  That was what 
made her position so perilous, Mitsuki realized.  She had played 
hardball at Headquarters for some time now—-in return, her fellow 
staffers would only play hardball with her.  No one would cover up for 
her or come to her aid if...if the truth somehow came to light.  Even 
her fiancée would drop her, but quick.  

At any rate, Mitsuki didn't want to pile any more trouble on Kiyone's 
and Mihoshi's backs.  Official harassment as a weapon against those 
two just wasn't working.  Mihoshi, in particular, was standing up to 
it amazingly well.  Mitsuki had been certain that Mihoshi would have 
pitched a hissy fit and resigned...but she hadn't.  And Kiyone, damn 
her, was bloodied but unbowed.  And she still had Chief Bodai on her 
side.

Kiyone!  Mitsuki cursed the name.

Mitsuki had felt the hot breath of Kiyone on her back ever since they 
had both started at the Academy.  She had beat Kiyone out at the 
Academy for the top ranking—-barely—-and happenstance had allowed her 
to almost attain Sergeant rank first.  That is, Mitsuki hadn't drawn 
the trouble-prone Mihoshi as a partner.  Then, simply because she had 
obeyed orders and tried to arrest Kiyone when the Kagato rebellion had 
begun and then pursued her doggedly, Mitsuki had lost her promotion 
opportunity, had seen Kiyone promoted instead, and even had to endure 
Kiyone as her boss!  It had been unbearable, especially when Kiyone 
had lorded it over her so nastily.  Mitsuki had been reduced to a 
damned flunky, serving tea to that bitch!  That bitch whose parents 
were nobodies, who had tried to borrow money all the time from her 
during their Academy days.  Kiyone had finally become less patronizing 
to her, but it had been far too late.

Mitsuki had planned, plotted, and schemed—-she was a well-trained 
staff officer—-and had knocked Kiyone off her high horse and down to 
where she belonged.  If only Kiyone had been dismissed then!  That was 
what should have happened, what Mitsuki had counted on happening.  But 
no.  That damned Mihoshi and her grandfather!  Mihoshi could not be 
retained if Kiyone was not, since they were equally "guilty."  Thus, 
Kiyone was kept on the rolls.

Mitsuki had tried to visit Kiyone when the latter had been in the area 
on PT just the other day, to try to sound her out.  Perhaps some sort 
of compromise could have been reached.  But Kiyone had not been at 
home.  An acquaintance of Mitsuki's had informed her that she saw 
Kiyone researching an old case in the Records Depository.  That meant 
that Kiyone was still trying to make that spectacular bust, to get her 
reputation and credibility back...and her rank.  If she did, and she 
and Mitsuki became equals in rank, then Mitsuki knew well that Kiyone 
would give her no rest.  Kiyone would probe and probe and keep pushing 
at her covertly until Mitsuki cracked with guilt and fear and remorse.  
And, under such circumstances, Mitsuki knew she would eventually crack.  
Because, in her heart, she knew Kiyone was the stronger.   

And so Mitsuki could still feel the hot breath of her former friend 
on her back...and knew that if Kiyone ever caught up to her, it would 
be the end of all her hopes and dreams.

Mitsuki also knew another horrible truth.  She was alone.  All her 
maneuvering and scheming had gotten her higher rank but no real 
friends, even outside the GP.  Her fiancée was fond of her, but he 
didn't love her to the extent that he would forgive her if the truth 
came out.  For Kamin Zay're, a marriage had to make sense career-wise, 
first, last, and always.  Her own family would be horrified to learn 
the truth.  They were upright people and would demand she confess her 
transgression to her superiors.  Mitsuki had lost touch with her 
former friends on her home planet and knew it would be fruitless to 
try to renew friendships she herself had abandoned.  Chief Bodai was 
plain flat against her...only a lack of concrete evidence stayed him 
from taking action against her.  Yes, she was all alone.  In a 
Headquarters containing thousands and thousands of people, she was 
friendless and alone.

When she reached her office, Mitsuki shut the door and locked it.  
Then she cried.  She cried like she hadn't cried since she left her 
family and childhood friends behind to attend the Galaxy Police 
Academy.

It didn't help.



Back on Earth, the Masaki household was preparing to welcome three 
members of their extended family home.  Unfortunately, someone wasn't 
cooperating.

"So where are they already?" Ryoko called down from her perch on one 
of the ceiling beams.  "I thought Kiyone told Washuu it'd be around 
noon."

"She did.  It's just about noon now," Tenchi said.

He was standing, all alone, in the living room...all alone except for 
Ryoko, whom he was trying to shoo down from the rafters and persuade 
to go into the kitchen with the others.  As he looked up at Ryoko, he 
could hear slight noises from the kitchen.  Everyone but he and Ryoko 
was in there, waiting.

"Come on down, Ryoko," he said for the third time.

"You know how to get me down, sweetums," Ryoko told him, smiling 
winsomely.

"No!"

"Oh, please."

"I said no!"

"I won't come down then."

"You'll ruin the surprise, Ryoko."

"I suppose I will, huh?"  She smiled saucily down at her Tenchi.  
"It's such a little thing I'm asking, sweetums."

"Ryoko," Tenchi said firmly, "I am not going to let you give me a body 
massage.  You should stop watching TV if you're going to get crazy 
ideas like that."

"It's not crazy!  Those women were really enjoying it--and the men 
were, too."  Ryoko rocked a little on the beam.  "You work so hard, 
Tenchi.  You need a nice massage...from your curly head to your cute 
little toes."

"My hair is not curly.  It's straight.  Besides—-"

"Oooooohhhh...when I get done massaging you, your hair will curl all 
right."

"That is enough!"  The voice just barely preceded the form bustling in 
from the kitchen.  "Ryoko!  Lord Tenchi is not going to be massaged by 
you today, next year, or the next Millennium.  Now come down from 
there so we may host this homecoming properly.  Do you hear me?"

"Yeah, I hear you Princess--and so does everyone over in the village, 
I'll bet."

"Good!  Then they will all understand what we have to put up with.  
Come down, I said!  Lord Yosho is waiting."

"Man..."  Ryoko was aggravated.  But she wasn't going to discommode 
Lord Yosho.  She knew better than that.  She rose from the rafters 
and floated down to the floor, right next to Tenchi.  She blew him a 
kiss.  Tenchi rolled his eyes.  He hoped that the surprise homecoming 
for Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tris would somehow still come off.

Ayeka led the way to the kitchen.  Tenchi and Ryoko followed.

In the kitchen, the counters were piled high with trays containing 
munchies and finger-food that Sasami had prepared that morning, with 
her older sister's assistance.  All sorts of sweetmeats, rice cakes, 
fish balls, sushi, and other goodies combined to give the kitchen a 
chaotic, if wonderful, aroma.  Sasami was looking over the food, a bit 
worried that she had not made enough.  She had, in fact, made enough 
to feed a small army.  Both Lord Yosho and Nobuyuki had told her to 
spare no reasonable expense to cater this homecoming.

Along with the food and Sasami were Lord Yosho as well as Nobuyuki 
and Washuu.  Washuu was wearing a very nice outfit consisting of a 
pink buttoned down-collar silk blouse and sandstone colored stirrup 
pants.  Her red hair again was carefully brushed into a soft style.  
As Tenchi and Ayeka and Ryoko walked into the kitchen, Nobuyuki said 
something to Washuu with a grin.  Washuu laughed in response.  She 
playfully tapped his side with a fist.  Tenchi watched this with a 
growing sense that his Dad was back in circulation again, and Washuu 
was back in circulation as well...but not for long.

Ryo-Ohki nestled by Sasami's feet.  She knew something festive was 
about to take place; her bright eyes gleamed with anticipation.  
Sasami had made plenty of carrot sticks so that the cabbit could 
fully join in the homecoming.

"Glad you could join us, Ryoko," Washuu told the space pirate with 
only mild sarcasm.

"Of course.  It's never a party without little old me."  Ryoko 
grinned.

"That, alas, is true," Ayeka said, but she smiled as she said it.

"You know, I don't want to be a party-pooper, but we're going to an 
awful lot of fuss," Ryoko said.  Her gaze took in all the food.  "I 
mean, all these munchies and the streamers and balloons and cut-outs 
in the dining room.  Those three have only be gone a short time, you 
know."

"Say Ryoko, I thought you didn't need much of a reason to party," 
Nobuyuki said.  He was in an upbeat mood.  He had signed the lease on 
the office in Okayama City where he and his partners would conduct 
their new venture.  He should have been with them now, really, helping 
them move their supplies in, but he couldn't miss this event.  He had 
promised Tenchi that he would become more of a part of his family's 
life, and he was sticking to that promise.

"I don't!  But it just seems a little overdone."

"Well, maybe it is, Ryoko," Sasami said.  "But we're so happy to have 
them back.  You know?"

"Two cops and a goofball?  I could toast that with a half cup of sake 
and have enough left for another toast," Ryoko said, smiling sassily.

"No, not two cops...but our dear friends Kiyone and Mihoshi, who have 
gone to great pains and risk to help us," Ayeka rejoined.   

"And Tristram," Lord Yosho added.  "Who has traveled far beyond even 
his imagination, I think."

"That's right, Grandfather," Tenchi said.  "This is quite an event in 
his life--going into space.  I remember how thrilled I was the first 
time."

"Hey, you were thrilled because you were traveling in space with me," 
Ryoko corrected him slyly.

"Really?  As I remember it, we were traveling with the whole 
household--and the house!"

Everybody laughed, Ryoko included.  There was a brief pause as that 
strange, dangerous, but wonderful odyssey was brought to mind.  
Although it led to the family breaking up for a time, it had also 
served to cement them together.  In particular, that voyage to Jurai 
and the climatic battle and defeat of Kagato had brought Kiyone as 
well as Mihoshi firmly into the Masaki fold.  That memory made the 
little homecoming party even more poignant.

"Tenchi, why don't you check outside, quickly," Lord Yosho suggested.  
"See if the three of them are on the grounds yet."  Yosho knew it was 
important to have status updates...otherwise the group would grow 
tired of waiting and wander off, especially Ryoko.

"Right, Grandfather."  Tenchi scooted from the kitchen.  He was gone 
only a moment when he reappeared.  "They're walking up to the house 
now!"

"Great!" Sasami said.  She couldn't wait to see Kiyone's, Mihoshi's, 
and Tris's faces when they sprung the surprise on them.  She could 
feel the same excited anticipation building up in the others.  This 
was so cool!



Chief Tor Bodai stood at the desk of Lieutenant Ketquaraz in the 
Records Depository's secure access room.  He was there after normal 
duty hours; the room was deserted, aside from himself and the acerbic 
passed-over Lieutenant.  The Chief really wanted to get home to his 
family and dinner, but Lieutenant Ketquaraz had asked him to come to 
the the depository for a chat and told him the topic concerned Kiyone.  
That was enough to convince the Chief to come.

Now, with his stomach quietly growling for his wife's good cooking, 
Chief Bodai eyed the mottle-faced, singularly unattractive visage of 
Lieutenant Ketquaraz.

"Okay, you got me up here.  Now what's this about Detective Makibi and 
an old case?  And why should you care anyway, Zuun?"

The other looked a bit sheepish, if such an expression could have 
formed on such a dour visage.  "Thanks for coming Chief.  I know you 
wouldn't expect or want me to get involved in one of your officer's 
business.  Normally, I wouldn't, but..."

"But?"

"I was impressed with that Kiyone when she was promoted here to 
Headquarters.  I thought she was a real ball of fire, trying to get 
some of these stiffs around here to stop pushing paper and start 
busting villains.  I'm probably just flattering myself, but she 
rather reminded me of myself, once."

"No, you're not just flattering yourself, Zuun."  The fact was that 
Lieutenant Ketquaraz had once been an up-and-comer himself, Bodai 
recalled.  But he got involved in a nasty political case and didn't 
show the discretion that such a case required.  He wasn't punished or 
demoted over it, but his record was red-flagged--not to be considered 
for promotion.  It was a shame and a waste.  But in a way, he did it 
to himself.  Rather like Kiyone herself had rather paved the way for 
her own downfall by being a bit too pushy and impatient with the 
people she outranked.  

Still, the fact remained that Lieutenant Ketquaraz should be doing 
much more productive work than just minding the Records Depository.  
That was a job better suited to a civilian contractor.  But it was 
hellishly hard to get the required Zeta-level security clearance for 
a civilian.  That was the excuse used to keep Lieutenant Ketquaraz 
behind that desk, year after year.

"Thanks, Chief.  That means something, coming from you.  Anyway, I 
always felt that mistaken identity case against her sounded pretty 
weak.  That missing full ID-comparo report--that would be easy to 
fake.  I understand you're re-investigating the case, Chief."

"That's right."

"Any progress?"

"No.  But the investigation isn't over."  And it wasn't...but it was 
all but over, unfortunately.  Chief Bodai had hit a dead end, but 
didn't want to admit it publicly.

Lieutenant Ketquaraz nodded.  "That's good.  Well, I'd like to see 
Detective Makibi get a little justice from the system.  That's why I 
care."

"I'm glad, Zuun.  I was afraid you'd just given up and resigned 
yourself to being retired on active duty," Chief Bodai told him.  It 
was a surprise and a nice surprise at that.

"Well, I'm not that fossilized yet, Chief.  Anyway, the reason I 
called you is because Kiyone was here during her PT the other day.  
There's never enough PT allocated to get your personal things done, 
you know.  So when she spent some of her PT here in Headquarters to 
research an old case, I thought it had to be more than just academic 
interest...that the case had to be important, something she was 
counting on to help her.  She admitted as much to me when she was 
here."

"Hmmm."  Chief Bodai was interested now.  "So what happened?"

"She read the case files.  Then she became really depressed...she 
seemed let down in a big way.  It surprised me.  It was an old case 
that involved the Jurai royals, so it required a special logging and 
I warned her about that.  She looked at it anyway and it seemed to be 
a big-time disappointment to her.  She made a few comm calls and left 
without saying a word.  So I checked out the case myself.  Funny 
thing was, the case was already hopeless to being with."

"Oh?  What case was it?" Chief Bodai asked.

"It's a old case that's still open because the perp never received 
punishment," Lieutenant Ketquaraz explained.  "He was some prof who 
messed with little kids' minds in some way, covertly.  A real scumbag.  
He got caught.  One of those kids was the First Princess of Jurai, 
Ayeka Jurai herself, back when she was a little girl.  So he got 
steamrollered but good in the courts...you know why.  Anyway, he 
collapsed in custody and became a mental vegetable, rotting in some 
institution on Souiis.  He'll die there eventually and that will close 
the case."

"I think I heard something about that case, a long time ago," Chief 
Bodai said thoughtfully.  "It was pretty close-hold and no one in 
the GP covered themselves with glory over it, as I understand."

"Exactly, Chief.  That was back when things weren't nailed down like 
they are now, and the Jurai royals could run a little roughshod over 
the system.  Anyway, it's a hopeless case, because the perp is a 
vegetable and can't confess and can't be punished.  Kiyone is one of 
the smart ones.  So why would she even bother wasting her PT looking 
into that old case...unless she had some reason to think there may be 
something new that will re-open it?"

Chief Bodai nodded.  He had entirely forgotten about his empty 
stomach.  "Yes, that makes sense, Zuun.  But after reading the full 
particulars of the case she seemed disappointed, you say."

"That's right...very, very disappointed.  Now, I know you're in her 
corner, Chief.  At least, you're out to see that she gets a fair 
shake.  I'm worried that perhaps Detective Makibi is being led down 
the garden path again.  You see what I mean?"

Chief Bodai looked grim.  "Yes, I do, Zuun.  It could be a trick to 
get her to re-open an old case that the Jurai royal family is 
intimately interested in.  If she re-opens such a sensitive case and 
ultimately can't do anything with it, the Jurai royals will raise hell 
and she'll be a goner.  No doubt about it.  And I'm afraid young 
Kiyone is desperate enough to take a chance like that.  Yes...it could 
be another set-up."

Lieutenant Ketquaraz's already grim visage now matched Chief Bodai's.  
"That's what I suspect.  If she was set up to take a fall in that 
Slaakive case, then it could be happening again.  That's the only 
reason I got into her business and alerted you.  I hope I haven't 
wasted your time, Chief."

Chief Bodai regarded the old Lieutenant with open approval.  "No, you 
didn't waste my time, Zuun.  You're all right.  I appreciate your 
taking an interest.  It was a good catch on your part."

"Thanks, Chief." Lieutenant Ketquaraz's unlovely features looked a 
bit less sour. 

"I'll look into the case, myself and put out some feelers.  I'd 
appreciate it if you would do the same, Zuun."

"The feelers are already out.  A few folks owe me favors."

"Good."  Chief Bodai hesitated a moment.  "Look, Zuun...I've had it 
on the back burner to try to get you back into duties befitting an 
officer of your grade and experience.  I'm going to put that on the 
front burner now.   No promises, but I may get you back on regular 
duty, at least away from this hole.  Again, no guarantees, of course."

"I know.  It's an iffy prospect at best."  Now Lieutenant Ketquaraz 
actually smiled.  "I appreciate the effort, Chief."

"You're welcome.  Now, I'd better get home before both my dinner and 
my spouse get ice cold.  I'll talk to you later, Zuun."

"Later, Chief."



As Chief Bodai and Lieutenant Ketquaraz parted company, another 
discussion was taking place many light-years away on planet Earth.  
Only this was in the nature of a technical debate.

"I still say you're taking a chance that Yogami will be spotted by 
passing aircraft, even with your cloaking that you say defeats 
radar," Tris was insisting to Kiyone as she and he and Mihoshi walked 
through the gate and toward the Masaki house.  Kiyone and Mihoshi had 
changed from their uniforms to casual clothing, and Tris wore his 
Dad's A-2 pilot's jacket once again.  All three carried their travel 
bags.  "There's a huge U.S. Air Force base near Tokyo as well as the 
Japanese Self Defense Forces air force.  Pilots have eyeballs as well 
as radar to rely on."

"We know that.  That's why we keep Yogami in your atmosphere for only 
a brief time, just to transport up and down," Kiyone said.  "So the 
chances of being spotted are tiny.  Besides, imagine a pilot, like 
your father, spotting a big red spaceship hovering somewhere.  He 
reports it.  Then, when a sortie is sent out to investigate, there's 
nothing there anymore.  See?"

"Yeah.  A bit hard on old Dad, but you're safe enough.  I see now."

"Tris, we do think about what we do, you know?" Kiyone said, a bit 
irritated at his questions that seemed to register a lack of 
confidence in the GP and her and Mihoshi's own practices.   

"I know.  I'm just asking.  I'm interested and I'm not smart enough to 
figure it out by myself," Tris said, smiling disarmingly.

"Aw...don't hand me that," Kiyone said skeptically.  But she smiled, 
too.

"Gosh, Tris," Mihoshi said, bringing up the rear, toting her travel 
bag and Trissy, "I've always kind of wondered about that myself."

"Mihoshi, I've explained it to you--several dozen times!"  Kiyone 
performed an eloquent eye roll.

"You did?  I don't remember, Kiyone.  I'm sorry."

"Just remember it next time."  Kiyone paused as they reached the 
front door of the house.  "Hey.  I wasn't expecting them to meet us 
outside, but the house sure seems quiet.  Where is everyone?"

"Probably inside," Tris said.

"But I don't hear anything from inside," Kiyone pointed out.

Tris listened.  "Hey, you're right.  Silent as a tomb."

"Please don't say it like that, Tris," Mihoshi requested, acting a 
bit spooked already by the silent Masaki house.

"Okay, Mihoshi, sorry."

"Could they be gone?" Kiyone asked.  "I told Washuu we'd be back 
around noon.  Tris, what time is it?"

Tris checked his vintage Omega.  "Around a quarter past noon, Tokyo 
Time."

"I don't understand this," Kiyone said.

"And I don't like it," Mihoshi added.

"Well, let's just go in," Tris suggested.  "Maybe they left a note or 
something."

"Right."  With her left hand, the one not clasping the handle of her 
travel bag, Kiyone tried the front door handle.  It turned easily.  
"Not locked," she reported. 

"Hmmmm..." Tris said.

Kiyone opened the door.  She walked in, followed by Tris and Mihoshi, 
the latter looking apprehensive.  Mihoshi put down her travel bag and 
closed the door behind them.  She clutched Trissy close to her.

On the genkan floor, Tris spotted only a few pairs of house slippers--
the ones the three of them usually wore.  He grinned.  Kiyone had 
noticed it, too.  She grinned back at him.

"Well!  Well!" Tris said in a booming voice.  "This joint is deserted!  
Maybe everyone moved to Jurai so they could live at the Palace and eat 
for free.  You think?"

"Sure!" Kiyone replied, catching on.  Her loud voice filled the living 
room.  "That's just what they did!  Abandoned us!"

"Really?" Mihoshi asked in a scared and sad voice.

Both Tris and Kiyone turned to her and gave her exaggerated winks.  
Kiyone motioned toward the other parts of the house.  Slowly, 
comprehension came to Mihoshi.  "Oooooohhhh..."  Her face brightened.

"Probably left us without a morsel of food!  We'll starve!" Tris 
said loudly.

"Yes!  I suppose we'd better just go back to Headquarters!" Kiyone 
agreed just as loudly.

Tris set down his bag.  He walked back to the front door and slid it 
open as noisily as he could.

Then:

"No, don't leave!  Wait!"

It was Sasami, hurrying in from the kitchen.  "We're all here!  We 
just wanted to surprise you!"

"Golly," Tris exclaimed.  "This is some surprise, kitten."

"I know that I am surprised," Kiyone added.  "Aren't you, partner?"

"Ummmm...sure!"  Mihoshi smiled at Sasami.

Sasami looked gratified.  

"Well, we might as well all go on in," they heard Tenchi's voice from 
the kitchen.  In a moment, the living room was filled with the others.

"Surprise!" everyone but Lord Yosho cried, pro forma...a few of the 
voices sounded ironic.

"Wow!  This is great!" Mihoshi enthused.  "Such a wonderful surprise!"

Tris and Kiyone retained their "surprised" stance.  "Yeah," Tris said.  
"We had no idea you were all in the kitchen."

"Don't lay it on too thick, now," Kiyone muttered to him.

"Well, surprised or not, we want you to know we're glad you're back," 
Lord Yosho said amiably.  "We have a little party planned to 
celebrate."

"That's great...really great, sir," Tris said sincerely.

"It really is," Kiyone added.  "Thank you everyone."

"I can smell the food from here!"  Mihoshi was gleeful.  "Oh, yay!"

"Lots of food, Mihoshi!"  Sasami cried.  "And we have the dining room 
all decorated!  Come and see!"

Mihoshi did not need further urging.  Still carrying Trissy, she 
hurried with Sasami to the dining room.  Her cries of delight echoed 
throughout the house.

"Just what have you all done?" Kiyone asked, smiling.

"We just turned a glad occasion into a fun occasion," Tenchi said.  
"Come on, before the food gets cold."

Kiyone and Tris put down their bags and obligingly followed the others 
into the dining room.  As they did, they exchanged a significant look.  
Both of them dreaded what Kiyone's report would do to the party mood.  
Definitely, it could wait until later.  Much later.   



Back at the orbiting Galaxy Police Headquarters, there was something 
that, unfortunately, couldn't wait.

Chief Bodai found that out when he dutifully returned to his desk 
module for a last look at his calendar before punching out for the 
day.  His console's comm line pod was blinking.  Blinking red.  That 
meant an urgent call, from someone in high authority.

"Oh, hell!" Chief Bodai groaned.  His stomach was beginning to think 
it would never get fed.  It rumbled, aggrieved.  He thought of his 
wife, waiting at home for him, and the kids, too.  He had promised them 
that he would find a way to stop coming home so late from work...and 
they would all hold him to it too, he knew.  

But a red-line call was not only important, it was momentous.  With a 
second quick curse under his breath, he punched the comm touchpads.  
On his viewscreen, he beheld a face he had seen very seldom--the 
wide-browed, saucer-eyed visage of Captain Pietch Tookal, the 
executive officer for Lord Romataki Kuramitsu, the Grand Marshall of 
the Galaxy Police.

Chief Bodai's spirits dropped.  One rarely saw the Grand Marshall, or 
even his staffers, at Bodai's pay grade.  If one did, it usually 
wasn't good.  The Grand Marshall had an entire galaxy to police, and 
he had no time for hobnobbing with lower echelon...and if he found the 
time, it usually wasn't to give them medals.  The saying around the GP 
was that the best praise from the Grand Marshall was no praise--that 
is, no notice paid to you.

And here was the Grand Marshall's aide-de-camp himself, on his 
viewscreen.  Chief Bodai suddenly lost his appetite.

Captain Tookal regarded him with a look that might have been 
sympathetic.  "It's Himself," Captain Tookal said.  "He wants 
you."

"Now, I suppose?" Chief Bodai had to ask.

"With Himself, it's always now," Chief Tookal said.  "He will be on 
your viewscreen in a moment."  The captain hesitated, and then added, 
hurriedly, "Chief...say nothing.  Just listen.  Don't respond.  Trust 
me." 

Chief Bodai nodded, mystified.  His viewscreen flickered white and 
gray for a second.  Then the screen was filled with a tall-backed, 
antique-red chair in an austerely decorated but enormous office.  The 
back of the chair faced the cam, so that all Chief Bodai could see 
was the back of that chair.  But the chair was occupied, of course.  
It was not a typical conversational posture for the eccentric, low-
profile, but ruthless and brilliant top cop of the galaxy.  The Grand 
Marshall always confronted people and problems face-to-face.  

Remembering Captain Tookal's cautionary words, Chief Bodai kept 
silent.  He didn't need to greet Lord Kuramitsu, anyway.  The Grand 
Marshall knew he was online.  

Silence reigned for a few moments.  Then the chair moved a bit.  A 
long, thin, pale hand rose from the chair, lazily, to Chief Bodai's 
view.  It was, evidently, as much of a greeting as the Grand Marshall 
was prepared to give.

"There is nothing more despicable," a low, robust voice declaimed—-
the voice of the Grand Marshall, "than nepotism.  Saps the morale.  
Ruins the incentive."

Chief Bodai was silent, minding what Captain Tookal had told him.

"Anyone who practices nepotism should be dismissed.  Forthwith.  No 
doubt about it."

Chief Bodai silently agreed with his superior.

"However, one can have a lapse.  That is no excuse, but it is, 
perhaps, understandable.  A lapse that one regrets and perhaps feels 
must be rectified--if there are no developments to extenuate the 
situation."

Now Chief Bodai understood the seemingly cryptic statements.  The 
Grand Marshall was referring to his own quiet moves to effect the 
retention of his granddaughter, Mihoshi, in the GP following the 
Slaakive ID fiasco.  Of course, retaining Mihoshi had also meant 
retaining Kiyone Makibi.  Thus, the Grand Marshall really had two 
questionable retentions on his conscience.  The GP was a hard service 
and the Grand Marshall was equally hard on his people...but he was 
even harder on himself.  

What the Grand Marshall didn't mention, and Chief Bodai certainly 
wasn't going to bring up, was the former's actions during the Kagato 
affair.  Although the Grand Marshall had held himself seemingly aloof 
from the apparently traitorous and criminal antics of his own 
granddaughter in the company of Princess Ayeka and the other 
fugitives, in reality he had very quietly and subtly maneuvered to 
help Mihoshi.  Somehow, GP attack forces were mis-directed to the 
wrong sector, numerous false leads tied up the GP task force arrayed 
against the then-renegade Princess Ayeka, and so forth.  At one point, 
the Princess and her party had been all but allowed to escape from 
planet Jurai's customs outpost station.  Although the uncle of 
Princesses Ayeka and Sasami had been directly responsible for that, 
the Grand Marshall had also been involved, Bodai was certain.

But. of course, the Princess and her accomplices had all been 
vindicated ultimately--and, accordingly, so had the Grand Marshall's 
covert aid to his granddaughter.  That wasn't the case this time 
around.   

"I appreciate the efforts of any officer who seeks the truth.  May he 
find evidence that shows an injustice has been done.  Perhaps, then, 
a lapse in strictly objective administration may be forgivable.  But 
one cannot wait forever.  Such evidence must surface soon...or 
corrective action must be taken."

Again, Chief Bodai saw the hand rise.  Then his comm viewscreen went 
blank.  

Despite the lateness of the hour and the sure resentment further delay 
would provoke from his family, Chief Bodai sat down to mull over the 
remarkable performance he had just witnessed silently.

Of course, the reason he had been bidden to be silent and why the 
Grand Marshall had not faced him was obvious--the Grand Marshall 
wanted to be able to deny later that he had either seen Bodai or 
talked to him about Mihoshi and Kiyone.  It was called plausible 
deniability.  The tactic was essential for the Grand Marshall to 
protect himself, especially with an aggressive civilian board to 
answer to, headed by a High Commissioner who wasn't a huge fan of 
his.  In fact, it was rumored the High Commissioner had several 
officers in mind to replace Lord Romataki Kuramitsu, if the latter 
could ever be persuaded to retire...or be forced to.

Equally obvious was the message Lord Kuramitsu had relayed so 
obliquely to Bodai.  Many people in the GP resented Mihoshi and 
Kiyone still being on the force.  A case for a charge of nepotism 
existed.  Presumably, the Grand Marshall was feeling pressure from 
somewhere about it, possibly from the High Commissioner but more 
likely from highly influential citizens with relatives in the GP--
such as Lieutenant Zay're's powerful family dynasty.  Yes, that was 
most likely it.  The Grand Marshall felt compelled to take "corrective 
action"--that is, lower the boom on Detectives Makibi and Kuramitsu--
if no extenuating information, such as evidence of a conspiracy 
against them, could be unearthed.  The search for such information—-
at the recommendation of the High Commissioner himself--was what he, 
Chief Bodai, was supposed to be doing.  And he was failing miserably 
at it.

So...if he didn't find some hard facts to help those two young women, 
their case would be re-heard, and they would receive even more 
stringent punishment.  At the very least, they both would be busted 
down to Basic Constable, the same rank held by a new Academy grad, 
and given low-priority duties like monitoring communications—-"comm 
drones" was the term given to the rookies who were given that duty.  
Mihoshi might be able to stand it since she was pretty resilient in 
some ways, but the proud Kiyone would either go into a deep depression 
or resign--probably both.  Certainly, any career prospects from such a 
demotion would be bleak.  And that was the best they could hope for!  
They could also end up being summarily dismissed from the GP--a 
singular disgrace that would haunt their job-hunting efforts forever.  
After all, who would want to hire a former cop fired for cause?  
Mihoshi's family was rich, and she would not suffer so much from 
terminal unemployment.  But Kiyone was a different matter.

Chief Bodai rose.  If all that was not bad enough, he now had an 
indication that those two young women's enemies might be drawing them 
into another sucker trap, one that would seal their professional 
fates for good.  Somehow, he had to find time to redouble his efforts 
on their behalf.  Chief Bodai had no idea how he would do that.  He 
would just have to, that was all.

He left his office.  Time, finally, to go home...and he would see 
just how cold his supper and his family had become.



At the Masaki home, the food had no opportunity to grow cold.  It had 
been either consumed or put away.

The streamers, balloons, and cut-outs (mainly of stars and hearts) 
were, at last, taken down.  Everyone had returned, after a brief 
respite, to the dining room table.  Most of them were still in a 
festive mood.  It had been a happy and fun party, except perhaps for 
three of the partiers.

During the party, Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Tris had cornered Nobuyuki and 
congratulated him warmly on his new venture.  Kiyone had also 
imparted to Tenchi's father the good news about subletting their 
apartments and having much more to contribute each month to the 
Masaki budget.  Nobuyuki had looked pleased, but protested that the 
gesture had not been necessary.  Kiyone had insisted that it was, and 
that ended that.

Now Kiyone and Mihoshi would have to relay to their friends the full 
and discouraging facts concerning Professor Klove.  Ironically, the 
party itself, which had been so well meant, only served to make that 
chore even more difficult. 

Once everyone, including Washuu and Sasami, had re-settled at the 
table at her request, Kiyone rose to deliver her report.

She had only gotten a few words out when Ryoko said, "Hey, just tell 
me if that Klove guy is out of the clink.  I'll get Ryo-Ohki 
operational and we'll scout around.  There's still a few outlaws out 
there who owe me favors.  Bet I can pinpoint him quick."

"But what about the Galaxy Police?" Sasami asked Ryoko.  "They're 
still after you and Ryo-Ohki, you know."

"Hah!  Those cops?  Why, I'll--"  Then Ryoko looked at Kiyone and 
Mihoshi.  "Well...I'll just elude them, like always."

Kiyone gritted her teeth.  Ryoko sure wasn't making any of this easier 
for her.  

"Well, we shall see about that, Ryoko," Ayeka interceded then.  "But I 
truly have a good reason to interrupt you, Kiyone.  A question must be 
answered before we go any further."

"What's that, Ayeka?" Kiyone asked.

The Princess appeared troubled but determined.

"You have all been very kind to allow me to join your discussions," 
she said softly.  "But the fact remains that either Professor Klove 
or a confederate does have access to...my thoughts.  That is without 
question.  Now that you are so close to resolving this situation, 
perhaps I should leave you all to your deliberations.  I shall not 
take offense if you all feel that would be best.  Truly, I do not 
wish to be more of a burden or a threat than I already am."

An uncomfortable silence followed Ayeka's statement.

Then Tenchi spoke up.  "I don't want you to leave the table, Ayeka.  
I don't know what our enemy knows or will know.  I don't care.  That 
enemy will not separate us or cause any kind of rift among us.  Does 
everyone agree?"

Washuu seemed to be about to speak.  Instead, she looked down at the 
table.  Ryoko glared at Washuu, as if daring her to say anything.

Sasami regarded her big sister sadly.  The little Princess knew the 
wisest course would be to send Ayeka away.  Yet, despite what her big 
sister had said, Sasami knew that doing so would devastate Ayeka.

Lord Yosho and Nobuyuki exchanged glances but contributed nothing.

Mihoshi then nudged Kiyone.  Kiyone nodded at her and then glanced at 
Tris.  Tris nodded back.

"Ayeka," Kiyone then said quietly, "there's no reason for you to 
leave, anyway.  I'm afraid we brought back information that will make 
it very difficult for us to find the culprit."

All eyes were on her.  Kiyone, in a flat voice, then related in detail 
what she had discovered about Professor Klove, including his 
whereabouts and his present condition.  She was very thorough and very 
definite.  When she finished, it was clear that the party was over.

A long silence ensued.  The others seemed stunned at what they had 
heard.  Stunned at the apparent dead end that was—-or seemed to be—-
the Klove case. 

Even Lord Yosho looked perturbed.  "That is certainly not the 
information we expected," he said finally.  It was a masterful bit of 
understatement.

Tenchi struggled to phrase his question politely to Kiyone.  He did 
not want to give her the wrong impression, but the information was 
simply incomprehensible to him.

"Kiyone, I really hate to ask this.  But...are you certain?  Is there 
any room for doubt at all?  Any way that your infomation could be 
wrong?"

"No," she said, firmly.  "I only wish there was, Tenchi.  I really do.  
But these are close-hold files I read, almost above my access level, 
and I have Zeta-level clearance as a GP officer.  Those are the bona 
fide and complete case files, without question.  I called the 
institution on Souiis and Professor Klove is there all right, has been 
there for ages, and he's been comatose, a vegetable, the entire time.  
The professional staff there is rotated regularly and the support 
staff is contracted and recruited from outside Souiis.  Even if Klove 
was awake and lucid, he would have no chance of co-opting someone at 
the institution."

"He has received no visitors?" Lord Yosho queried.

"None," Kiyone said.  "No visitors, no contact from outside, in all 
the year's he's been there.  If Klove has an accomplice, they've never 
communicated together."  

"And his brain activity really is random and chaotic?" Washuu asked.  
"Is he brain-scanned regularly?"

Kiyone nodded.  "Yes, at least three times a week, and at irregular 
times too.  He cannot know when he'll be brain-scanned, and he is 
monitored both visually and by vital signs constantly.  He's fed by 
tube and—-er, cleaned up—-daily.  He can't be faking it...not after 
all this time."

Washuu nodded glumly.  There seemed no doubt of that.

"Fed!"  Ryoko angrily shook her platinum-haired head.  "They should 
just let that crud die.  Save the expense to the taxpayers!"

"Our legal system does not allow for that," Ayeka informed Ryoko.  
"As I understand it, a convicted criminal must be punished if at all 
possible.  If there is one chance in a million that he may recover 
and then be able to serve at least a portion of his sentence, then he 
must be kept alive."

"That's right, Ayeka," Kiyone affirmed.  Mihoshi nodded.

"Oh," Ryoko said, seemingly mollified.  "I guess that makes sense.  
If he ever comes to, that is."

"Incidentally, since when did you ever feel a twinge for the poor 
Union taxpayers?" Ayeka asked Ryoko acidly.  The information brought 
back from GP Headquarters had disturbed her as much as it had the 
others...perhaps even more so.  She was snappish and out of sorts and 
Ryoko was a handy target.  "Your antics have cost many millions of 
Jurais in police resources, not to mention property damage and 
insurance costs."  Ayeka's voice rose.  "Your sudden sympathy for the 
people who have to absorb all that is—-"

"Ayeka," Tenchi said.  "Not now.  Please."

Ayeka looked at him, her face flushed.  Then she slowly regained her 
composure.  "You are right, Lord Tenchi," she said.  "That was 
uncalled for and inappropriate.  I...I offer my apologies, Ryoko."

"No need to apologize, Princess," Ryoko said.  "You're just damned 
upset--like we all are."  The space pirate looked challengingly at 
Kiyone.  "Listen, I'm trying to stay nice and polite here, but what 
you've told us is just...crap!  It can't be true!"

"What do you mean, Ryoko?"  Kiyone's face reddened.

"You heard me!  We have those emanations Lord Yosho has been 
sensing--he's never wrong about stuff like that--and the Princess's 
horrible dreams which are the same dreams she had as a kid, thanks to 
that bastard Klove, and the business with our wardrobes.  Those are 
facts, Detective!  But you tell us this Klove guy couldn't have done 
it and there's no other suspects!  You might as well have stayed 
right here!"

"Don't you think I know that?" Kiyone flared.  "Don't you think this 
kills me--no clues, no suspect, and no help for Ayeka?  Damn it, 
Ryoko!"

Tenchi tried to intervene.  "Now, you two need to..."  

"I think you need to go back to your Headquarters in that cop ship of 
yours and look again!" Ryoko said angrily.  She stood up.  "I'll help 
you pack.  And this time, you go without Tris or anyone else to 
distract you!"

Kiyone stood up, too.  Her blue eyes blazed.  "Nobody speaks to me 
like that, Ryoko.  I don't care how powerful you are.  I won't take 
that from you!"

Mihoshi tried to intervene.  "Kiyone!  Please sit down!  Ryoko's just 
upset."

"I won't, partner.  I'll never back down--not to a wanted fugitive, I 
won't!"  Kiyone was furious and showed it.  Her face flamed with 
wrath. 

"I'm still wanted only because some people valued their damned career 
over my freedom," Ryoko shot back angrily.  "If some people had had 
the gratitude and guts to speak up for me while they were being 
showered with medals and promotions...!"

Now Ayeka rose to her feet.  "Ryoko, that is simply not true.  It was 
my duty to speak up for you.  Kiyone and Mihoshi would only have 
ruined their careers and accomplished nothing.  I was at fault.  I am 
responsible.  Blame me."

"Please listen to her, Ryoko," Sasami said earnestly.  "We told you 
Ayeka was going to try to get all the charges against you dropped.  
But she wasn't in time.  You know why."

Ryoko stared angrily at Sasami.  Sasami quailed, genuinely cowed by 
the space pirate for the first time in her life.

"You mean because I screwed up and went back to piracy, huh?  Well, 
let me tell you something...!"

Ryoko stopped.  She suddenly grinned.  Then she laughed.  

"Let me tell you," she said, chuckling, "that robbing those Juraian 
bigwigs and hearing about a certain royal family's reaction to 
it...well, it almost makes still being wanted by the cops worth it!  
What a hoot!"

Then Ryoko laughed again.  "God, the look on that one woman's face--
"Don't you know that I am a personal friend of Princess Ayeka Jurai?"  
Hah!  I robbed her blind for that!  Took her flashy ring—-it was too 
good for her, anyway."  Ryoko looked slyly at Ayeka, who stared back 
at her, appalled and speechless.

Then...Ayeka laughed also, helplessly.

"Ohhhh...!" she said through her laughter, "I am terrible to laugh 
about it--terrible--but I know exactly whom you mean, Ryoko.  She is 
such a prig!  She waved that ring under my nose every time we met.  I 
privately loved the fact that she was robbed!  I did!  I admit it!  It 
was wonderful!"

Now Ryoko and Ayeka both laughed together.

"So you did steal that ring from her!" Ayeka chortled.  "That Zarian 
Brilliant."  

"Yeah, I did, Princess—-it was a pleasure!" Ryoko chuckled.

"I knew it!  You're incorrigible, Ryoko!"  But Ayeka still laughed 
gaily.

Tenchi, relief calming his features, relaxed.  He glanced at his 
father and his grandfather.  Neither had made a move during the 
Kiyone-Ryoko dust-up.  Those two women often butted heads, 
figuratively speaking, but this had threatened to be a real fight 
between them.  Yet his father and grandfather hadn't intervened.  
That was odd, he thought.  But, then again, maybe it wasn't so odd.  
Both of them were older and wiser than he and knew better how to 
handle such things, Tenchi realized.  He still had a lot to learn.

Washuu caught his eye and winked at him. It seemed as if she had read 
his thoughts.

"So you're still a space pirate, you space pirate!" Kiyone rapped 
out.  But there was a ghost of a smile on her lips.

"Guilty!" Ryoko said, still chuckling.  "I did it to myself.  I 
admit it.  I cut myself off from everyone.  If I hadn't, I would have 
known that you all were planning to get me pardoned."

"That is exactly correct, Ryoko," Ayeka told her.  "It is a shame we 
did not succeed.  You deserved to be pardoned.  You still do, 
regardless."

"Thanks, Princess."  Ryoko was clearly pleased.

"And I understand your feelings of frustration, Ryoko.  But you must 
not get angry and accusatory to Kiyone.  I know she extracted every 
shred of information she could.  And you know it too, do you not?" 
Ayeka prodded.

"Yeah, I know it.  I just shot off my mouth," Ryoko admitted.  "It's 
just so damned frustrating!  I was looking forward to tracking that 
bum down and roasting his innards!"  She looked at Kiyone.  "I hope 
you aren't too ticked at me, Kiyone."

Kiyone slowly relaxed her stance.  When she spoke it was without a 
trace of rancor.  "Hey, I know how all this frustrates you, Ryoko.  
I'm a little numb to it now, but it just floored me when I read about 
Klove in the Records Depository.  But mark this well, Ryoko...when 
I'm on duty, nothing or nobody distracts me.  Right?"  She stared at 
Ryoko intently.

"Yeah, that's right.  You've proven that a hundred times, Kiyone," 
Ryoko said contritely.  

"Okay, Ryoko.  Thanks.  One more thing.  Tris not only didn't distract 
me, he went out of his way not to be a burden.  He endured long hours 
of boredom and ennui to help us get through that trip.  He even 
prodded me and Mihoshi out of our blue funks when that information 
about Professor Klove at first really mashed us flat.  He was an asset 
on that mission."

"That's right!" Mihoshi added.  "He was good and he helped us.  He 
did!  He got his head bumped two times, even!"

Now everyone turned to look at Tris.  He inwardly groaned.  Mihoshi 
would bring that up!  He shrugged.  "Aw, shucks...'twern't nothing.  
Just two more lumps to complete the set."

"Okay, Kiyone, I read you," Ryoko said.  She turned to Tris.  "Do I 
gotta apologize to you now?"

"Nope."  Tris grinned.  "You're fine with me, Ryoko."

"Good!  Let's get back to cases now."  Ryoko plopped down on her mat.  
Kiyone and Ayeka sat down as well.

Sitting close to Tris, Kiyone smiled at Ryoko bemusedly.  Ryoko 
smiled back.  In a way, Kiyone was relieved that Ryoko had finally 
cleared the air about her ongoing fugitive status.  That topic would 
no longer cast a shadow on their rocky but very real friendship. 

"Well," Lord Yosho said.  "Perhaps we did wander a bit from the main 
topic.  But it is good to get that point settled.  We have all the 
information there is.  We cannot count on some as-yet unfound piece 
of information to come to light and explain this conundrum.  We must 
discern the answer for ourselves.  That much is certain."

"That's right, Grandfather," Tenchi said.  "It's up to us to solve 
this.  We can't expect any outside help.  That's fine.  We defeated 
Kagato by ourselves and we'll defeat this...whatever it is."   

"I don't feel I have much to contribute, everyone," Nobuyuki said.  
"But I think we need to take a short break, let the air clear, and 
perhaps resume this in a little while.  I've worked a lot of long 
conferences in my career, and this is always a good idea."

"That's a great idea, Nobie," Washuu said, patting his hand.

"Indeed it is.  Does everyone agree?" Lord Yosho queried.

Everyone appeared to.  Slowly, the group rose from the table, a few 
of them stretching out kinks.  Sasami retreated to the kitchen, to 
prepare tea for the next session.  Ayeka took Ryoko's arm and led her 
away.  Ryoko, clearly caught by surprise, didn't resist.  Tenchi, 
also surprised, turned to Tris and saw him being led away by Kiyone.  
He looked at his father and grandfather and shrugged.  They smiled 
back at him.  

Suddenly Washuu's ever-present translucent console popped into view.  
She frowned at it, then quickly opened it up.  Her eyebrows arched in 
surprise as she read the information on the screen.

"Mihoshi," she said, looking up from the console.  "Believe it or 
not, you have a call waiting at my comm console in the lab.  It's 
from your father."  

Mihoshi clapped her hands together.  "Goodie!"  She smiled at the 
great scientist.  "I believe it, Washuu.  I gave Daddy the comm link 
protocol and access code for your comm console.  I was expecting a 
call from him.  Is that all right?"

"As right as rain, Mihoshi," Washuu said.  "You'd better take it now, 
while we're having this break.  I'll go down to the lab with you."

"Oh, I can find it, Washuu."

"I know, but I have...some things to do there."  Washuu really 
didn't, but she wasn't about to let Mihoshi wander around in her lab 
alone.  Mihoshi had a proclivity for accidentally setting off devices 
in the lab with disastrous results.  Washuu could see a few relieved 
faces now, thanks to her insistence on following Mihoshi to the lab.  
She grinned.  "Let's go."

"Okay."



Ayeka finally stopped pulling at Ryoko to follow her after they both 
walked outside the house.  She stopped finally, halfway to the gate.  
Ryoko stopped too.  She looked at Ayeka with curiosity.

"Hey, what is it, Princess?" Ryoko asked.  "If you're still ticked 
off by what I said in there..."

"No, that is not it, Ryoko."

"Well, what is it?"

Ayeka took a moment to contemplate the balmy spring day.  Being cooped 
up in the house made one forget just how lovely and pleasant—-if a bit 
warmish—-it was outside.  There was just a breath of breeze stirring 
the budding leaves on the trees.  The sky was a gorgeous blue, almost 
cloudless.  The sun was a golden ball in that sea of blue.  It 
reflected glowingly on the lake.  Ayeka sighed appreciatively.  Earth 
was not Jurai.  But it had its own beauty.  She loved Earth.  She 
could stay here forever.  She wanted to stay here forever...with Lord 
Tenchi.

"I am tempted to suggest we continue our discussions out there," she 
remarked.  "But the lovely weather would likely prove to be a 
distraction.  Do you not agree, Ryoko?"

"Yeah, I guess so," Ryoko said.  She looked at Ayeka quizzically.

Ayeka pressed on.  "And speaking of distractions...I want to talk to 
you about Kiyone and Tristram, Ryoko," she said.

"Huh?  What about them?"

"This whole affair--I mean, episode--with those two has been 
surprising and perhaps a bit disorientating," Ayeka said primly.

"Affair is a better word for it, Princess."  Ryoko grinned.

"That is just what I mean!  Accusing Kiyone of allowing Tristram to—-
distract her.  You persist in making their relationship sound sordid 
and vulgar.  It is not, Ryoko."

"Aw, I know that.  Kiyone is a straight arrow.  She's probably all 
a-twitter at even the thought of...you know...with Tris.  Heavy 
necking and petting is about her speed right now, I'll bet."

"Good heavens!  Tou even make innocent physical affection sound 
sordid," Ayeka reproved her.  "At any rate, if you are as certain as 
I am that those two have not...gone beyond the bounds...why do you 
persist in acting as if they have?"

"Well..."  Ryoko watched a butterfly flit from flower to flower in the 
front lawn's small garden.  The Princess had made a salient point.  In 
truth, Ryoko actually admired Kiyone for the way she handled Tris.  
She had decided she wanted him and she got him!  That Tris might think 
he was romancing and pursuing Kiyone, but he was the pursued all 
along.  That was how Ryoko felt real romance should be.  "I guess I'm 
just kind of goofing with Kiyone.  In her place, I sure wouldn't just 
be playing kissy-face."

"I see.  In her place, you really would...go that far?"

"Listen, Princess."  Ryoko turned to stare boldly at Ayeka.  "I'm 
talking about Kiyone's situation, not ours.  It's just her and him.  
Mihoshi was in there somewhere, but she a non-starter now.  So if I 
had my guy free and clear...well, I'd have him any way I could, 
Princess.  And don't look at me like that!"     

"I do not mean to," Ayeka said earnestly.  "But even if you were not 
married to your man you would still give yourself totally to him?"

"Hey, don't get the idea I don't want to get married," Ryoko said.  
"Sure I want marriage.  But if that wasn't in the cards--and I loved 
the guy like I love Tenchi--yeah, I would."

Ayeka slowly nodded.  "Then that is a prime difference between you 
and myself, Ryoko.  No matter how much I loved a man, if there was no 
true commitment, no matrimony...then I would not give myself to him.  
It would be impossible.  A lifetime of training and instruction and 
obligation...no, I just could not."

"Yeah, that's a big difference between us two, Princess.  But don't 
let it worry you.  I told you I'd play fair.  Tenchi will have to 
choose me, and I mean loud and clear, before we'd ever go beyond the 
kissy-face stuff Kiyone and Tris are doing.  Not that we're doing 
that much even now--damn it."

Ayeka smiled.  "I share your feelings there, Ryoko.  Both of us pine 
for him.  We must keep pressuring Lord Tenchi to choose.  We must be 
united in this at least, Ryoko."

"Don't worry, Princess.  We are."  Ryoko spoke firmly and looked Ayeka 
straight in the eye as she did.

"That is all right, then."  Ayeka was satisfied.  "Now, please try to 
avoid talking about Tris and Kiyone in such a bawdy manner, Ryoko.  It 
really does upset Kiyone, and the whole relationship must be a strain 
for her, anyway.  She did not go looking for a boyfriend and the 
boyfriend she has now...I have affection for Tristram, but...well, 
never mind that.  Do you agree?"

"Sure.  At least, I'll keep the jokes clean, Princess."  Ryoko smiled 
with her usual sass.

Ayeka sighed with resignation.  That was the best she could hope for, 
she knew.      



Kiyone led Tris to Tenchi's and his bedroom, which was getting to be 
a rather familiar meeting place for them.  She guided him into the 
room with a firm hand, glanced out the door, and then slid it closed.

Tris raised his eyebrows.  "We have to stop meeting like this," he 
said.  "For one thing, I don't always make my bed."

Kiyone smiled at him.  "Clown!"  Then her expression sobered.  "Tell 
me--were you upset about what Ryoko said?"  She held up a hand.  
"Really, Tris...the truth, now."

"Nope.  Standard Ryoko.  It's water down my back and I'm a duck.  You 
know."

"Yeah, I know.  You are pretty hard to rile, sometimes.  I like that.  
I wish I was more like that," Kiyone admitted.

"Well, you know I have my purple moments too, Blue Eyes.  You just 
care about things pretty deeply, and I wouldn't want you any 
differently.  I know no one else would, either."  Tris smiled.  "You 
sure backed down Ryoko!  Now, that was worth a couple of ricochet 
insults to watch."

"Oh, she burns me up sometimes!  She shoots off her mouth too much 
and accuses people of things she'd do herself if given the chance.  
I can imagine how much work would have gotten done if it had been her 
and Tenchi on that trip.  Poor Tenchi would have ended up exhausted 
trying to fight her off all the time!"

Tris chuckled.  "That would be worth seeing!"

"Maybe for you.  I've seen enough of that stuff..."  Kiyone shrugged.  
"But Ryoko was really just concerned about not being able to help 
Ayeka when she spouted off.  I can't hold that part of it against 
her.   Besides, I really do like her."

"Yeah, and she likes you, too," Tris told her.  "I can tell.  You both 
just don't have any back-down built into you."  

Kiyone's beautiful violet blue eyes regarded him warmly.  "You clown.  
I meant what I said to you about the trip.  You really impressed me, 
and I feel so much better about...well, about us."

"Really?"

"Uh-huh.  Really."

Tris's expression held more than a smidgen of relief.  "That's good.  
I kind of thought my primitive culture showed pretty badly out there 
in your galaxy."  

"Oh, it did!"  Kiyone laughed.  "But you adapted just fine.  That's 
what I was looking for."

Tris gave Kiyone a quizzical look.  "Glad I passed the test.  Is there 
anything I can do for extra credit?"

"Uh-huh...come here and kiss me, idiot."

Tris complied with alacrity.  Kiyone held him very close and the kiss 
was an especially sweet and lingering one.  They held each other 
tightly.  Then Kiyone frowned and laid her head on her boyfriend's 
shoulder.

"Oh, I dread going back to the dining room," she admitted.  "I know 
Mihoshi and I make a brave noise about still cracking this case, but 
after just covering the bare bones of it again...it still looks 
hopeless."

"Hah!"

Kiyone raised her head.  "What?"

"I said...hah!"

"What do you mean by that?"

"Listen, Blue Eyes.  "Hopeless" is for losers.  You've got the finest 
bunch of folks out there, ready and willing to help.  You even have 
the greatest scientist in the galaxy--she is, you know, just ask her."  
Tris grinned.  "So...to hell with "hopeless."  Okay?"

Kiyone took her time and kissed her wonderful idiot boy long and deep.  
When they parted finally, she said, "Okay."



"Thank you, Washuu," Mihoshi said, as she sat down—-gingerly—-at the 
ratty-looking modular seat next to the battered, second-hand comm 
console the great scientist used to communicate outside the Earth.  
The seat was stronger than it looked, thank goodness.  Mihoshi 
stared at a familiar row of touchpads and a lighted panel.  Absently, 
she brushed away a streak of dust.  Gosh, Washuu sure didn't clean 
very well.

"You're welcome, Mihoshi.  Just press the third right-hand pad and 
you'll be connected to your father."  Washuu began to back away.  
"I'll go wait by the portal, Mihoshi.  I won't be able to hear, I 
promise."

"But..."  Mihoshi was confused.  "Why shouldn't you be able to hear, 
Washuu?"

"Because it's a conversation between you and your father, Mihoshi.  
I'm no snoop."

"I don't object to you listening in, Washuu.  I know Daddy won't 
either."  Mihoshi smiled at the great scientist.  

"Oh.  All right, Mihoshi."  Washuu was surprised but flexible.  "If 
you're sure."    

"I'm sure."

"Okay, I'll stay.  Your Dad's waiting."

"Oh, right."  Mihoshi pressed the touchpad Washuu had indicated.  "Hi, 
Daddy!"

Washuu grinned.  Detective First Class Kuramitsu's voice had just 
changed to that of a little girl's in addressing her father.

"Hello, Pudding," a powerful masculine voice boomed from the panel.  
It was a very attractive voice, just chock full of virility and 
warmth.  Washuu made a note to herself that she had to meet this Lord 
Botaki someday.

"Is everything all right at home, Daddy?"

"Fine, Pudding...nothing has changed since you called from your ship 
the other day."  Lord Botaki's voice had a chuckle in it.  He clearly 
knew his only daughter well and didn't bother to point out her 
foibles.  Washuu could already understand why Mihoshi was able to 
press on despite so many flubs and missteps.  She hadn't been put down 
while growing up, but encouraged.  
 
"Daddy, were you able to call Kiyone's mother?" Mihoshi asked.

Washuu leaned forward a bit.  Kiyone's mother?  This was interesting.

"Yes, Pudding.  Fortunately, I have a contact with the Galactic 
Union's personnel services and he was able to get me Kiyone's mother's 
comm number where she works.  You know Kiyone's mother is a recorder 
for the Union secretariat at that planet they live on, Skeenix, don't 
you?"

"No, Daddy, I didn't know that.  Kiyone only told me her parents were 
minor functionaries with the Galactic Union.  Her big brother is 
pretty high up now, though, in the Union."

Washuu listened with great interest, standing close to where Mihoshi 
sat at the console.  She really didn't know anything about Kiyone--
the Galaxy Police officer kept mum about her family and background.  
In contrast, Washuu knew a lot about Mihoshi, her distinguished, 
high-caste family, and her balmy planet, Kawaiidan.  

"Really?  That's good to hear.  Kiyone's mother is in a position where 
she has a lot of duties and responsibilities, but her pay is set by 
the local planetary council.  Skeenix is really a poor-mouth planet.  
So her pay is probably pretty low.  You figured right about that, 
Pudding."

"Uh-huh.  And her father's position isn't much higher than her 
mother's I understand, Daddy."

"I don't know about that, Pudding.  If that's true, they aren't well 
off.  It's a shame.  But you can't hope to get wealthy working for 
the government."

Washuu nodded.  That was the truth!  She remembered the lousy 
remuneration she got from the Royal Science Academy.  Of course, she 
received no pay now, but it wasn't much worse than when she was part 
of the Academy faculty.  She certainly ate better now--that was for 
certain.

Mihoshi nodded, too.  "Uh-huh.  Well, at least Kiyone's Mom and Dad 
aren't just being mean to her about money.  That's good.  I mean, 
it's not good, Daddy, but..."

"I know what you mean, Pudding.  Does Kiyone still owe you money?"

"No Daddy.  She paid me back, a while ago."

"That's good.  Nothing like money to bust up a friendship."

Mihoshi bit her lip.  She agreed with her father but didn't want to 
talk about that in front of Washuu.  "So, Daddy...you were able to 
talk to Kiyone's mother?"

"Yes, finally.  I had to jump over some bureaucratic hoops to do it, 
though.  I finally had to use my title to get anywhere with that 
Skeenix government system.  They're a pretty suspicious bunch over 
there.  By the way, her first name is Iyoma."

"Oh.  I didn't know that either, Daddy."

"Kiyone is rather closed-mouth about her family, eh?"

"Yes, Daddy."

"Well, she may have reason to be."  Lord Botaki's voice was a bit 
dubious.

"Daddy?"

"Oh, please don't misunderstand me, Pudding.  Kiyone's mother—-and 
I'm certain, her father—-are respectable enough.  But I don't know if 
I had any success in talking with her.  Frankly, that Iyoma Makibi 
comes off as a pretty cold fish."

"Oh, no!  So you don't think she'll call Kiyone...or anything?"

Washuu could see that Mihoshi was upset.  Her eyes were beginning to 
tear up.  Her father seemed to be able to read the signs even over the 
comm line.  "Now, Pudding, don't be sad.  I didn't say that.  Listen, 
I'll tell you what we said and you make up your own mind.  All right?"

"All right, Daddy."

"Well now..."  Lord Botaki's voice paused as he collected his 
thoughts.  "I introduced myself and said you were my daughter and that 
I had met Kiyone briefly at your graduation from the Academy.  She 
replied that that was nice and what did I require?  That's wasn't a 
very good start, Pudding."

"No, Daddy.  I guess it wasn't," Mihoshi agreed.

"Especially after having to plow through all that petty bureaucracy 
first!  But I just told her that as your father, I was concerned about 
the predicament both you and Kiyone are in with the GP.  She said she 
was well aware of her daughter's problems, and that she and her 
husband had raised their daughter, at least, to solve her own 
problems.  That didn't exactly endear her to me, Pudding.  We raised 
you to solve you own problems, too."

Yes, Washuu thought, Lord Botaki definitely had.  Mihoshi didn't 
always solve her problems by herself and sometimes needed help and 
hand-holding.  But she tried always to be self-sufficient.  For one 
thing, Washuu knew, Mihoshi had resolved to live on her salary from 
the GP without any handouts from her family, and had succeeded, so 
far.

"I know you did, Daddy."

"But I tried to remain nice and told that woman that although we 
expected you to work out your difficulties yourself, it was important 
that you knew you had the love and support of us, your family.  I 
also told that woman that I and your brothers called you often, just 
to make certain you knew you weren't alone in this."  Lord Botaki's 
referral to Kiyone's mother as "that woman" clearly indicated his 
irritation with her.  It reminded Washuu of how Princess Ayeka had 
referred to Tris in the beginning.

"Gosh, Daddy.  You put that so well!  Mrs. Makibi must have known what 
you were talking about."

"Well..."  Lord Botaki's voice sounded slightly dubious.  "She replied 
that she had informed her daughter that she would be allowed to come 
home if the worst happened and they would support her until she got 
another job."

"But I know they told her that already, Daddy!  That's so cold!  
Kiyone needs more than that!  I think she was about to cry right there 
on the bridge when she talked to me about her calling home."

Washuu's eyebrows raised.  This was getting damned juicy!

"Pudding, I know that and I understand.  I tried to diplomatically 
say to that woman that perhaps she and her husband should call Kiyone 
and give her some more emotional support than they have.  I think I 
was diplomatic.  I hope I was.  But that woman just thanked me and 
asked me if there was anything else.  I said no and she closed the 
connection."

Mihoshi sat motionless at the comm console.  She stared at the 
lighted panel, as if she could see her father there.  Her expression 
was doleful.  "It doesn't sound like she'll do anything, Daddy, does 
it?"

"No, Pudding.  It doesn't.  I'm sorry," Lord Botaki replied quietly.

"Why would she be like that, Daddy?  Doesn't she love Kiyone?"  

"I'm no mentalist, Pudding," Lord Botaki said, his tone indicating he 
was uncomfortable with the question.  "But some parents, especially 
if their lives and careers aren't terribly successful, tend to invest 
a lot of their hopes and dreams in their children.  In the case of 
Kiyone's older brother, those hopes and dreams are well invested, from 
what you tell me.  But in Kiyone's case--being a policeman is not 
considered a high calling by many people.  Of course, that's absurd, 
but that's how a lot of people feel.  And when you have a career 
reversal to boot...well, maybe that's why Kiyone's parents don't seem 
very sympathetic to her."

Washuu silently agreed.  Lord Botaki may not be a mentalist, but 
Washuu was certain he hit the nail on the head with that analysis.  
Poor Kiyone!  It explained so much...the anger, the defensiveness, the 
absolute dedication, almost obsession, with career, the unhappiness 
deep within.  Her parents had no idea what they were doing to their 
daughter.  Kiyone was an exceptional person, a real standout, and 
would go far...but it seemed that she might well have to do it without 
the home fires burning to keep her warm on the journey.  Washuu was 
alone and had been alone practically forever.  But she wasn't a young 
woman, one who was beset on all sides with frustrations and problems.  
Then Washuu had another thought, and she smiled slightly.  Bless that 
Tris Coffin, anyway! 

"I think I understand, Daddy," Mihoshi murmured, although Washuu 
suspected she really didn't.  "Will Mezim try to call Kiyone's 
brother?"  She was referring to her youngest brother, Washuu knew, 
who still lived at home with his father.

"He will.  He's pretty sympathetic and he really thinks Kiyone is 
super."  Now Lord Botaki chuckled.  "I think he would have proposed 
to her if she had visited us on Kawaiidan, instead of to the woman 
he's engaged to now."

Mihoshi smiled.  "I know!  I told Kiyone that...but she acted like 
she didn't care.  She did, though, a little.  But now she has a 
boyfriend, a nice boyfriend.  I told you about him, Daddy."

"Yes.  Well."  Lord  Botaki didn't sound entirely pleased.  Washuu 
could understand why.  He had likely gathered that this Earthling, 
Tris, had also captured his daughter's heart, whether Tris had meant 
to or not.  Lord Botaki couldn't be happy about it, but so far Tris 
hadn't trifled with his daughter.  Fortunate for Tris!  "I hope that 
young man is as nice as you say.  Mezim said he'll try to touch base 
with Kiyone's brother sometime today.  All right, Pudding?"

"All right, Daddy."

"You be a good girl and let me hear from you soon.  Good-bye, Pudding.  
Out."

"Good-bye, Daddy.  Out."

The lighted panel on the comm console blinked off.

Mihoshi sat a moment and stared at the coom console.  She seemed a 
little upset still over the fact that her father's intervention had 
produced such discouraging results.

Washuu walked up to her.  "Mihoshi," she said, "you are one hell of a 
good friend to Kiyone."

"I try to be...Kiyone's my best friend, you know."  Mihoshi turned her 
blonde head to regard the great scientist.  Her blue eyes were sad but 
clear of tears.

"I know.  I don't think she knows just how good a friend you are, 
though."  Washuu smiled fondly at Mihoshi.

"Oh, please don't tell her anything about this, Washuu!"

"I won't...of course, I won't.  I told you, I'm no snoop and I'm no 
snitch."

Mihoshi smiled now at the petite, youngish-looking scientist with the 
big red hair.  Her smile was sweet and apologetic.

"You're not, I know that.  Do you think any of this will help Kiyone?"

"I don't know, Mihoshi.  I'm sure she'd like to have a bit more 
emotional support from her family.  If she gets that, you'll have 
done a good day's work."

Mihoshi pursed her lips pensively.  "I think she really needs that.  
It's so nice that Tris makes her laugh and, well...gives her nice 
feelings.  But I think Kiyone has always wanted her family to approve 
of her.  You know?"

"I know."  Washuu nodded.  "That's a pretty sharp analysis, Mihoshi."

"Really?  Thank you!  I just think if Kiyone could hear something nice 
from her parents or her brother, she'd feel so much better.  And...and 
if the worst happens..."

Washuu nodded again.  "She'll have a safety net.  Or, I should say, a 
security net."

"That's it!"

"Well, let's hope that someone from Kiyone's family calls her soon.  
Hey, we'd better get back to the others.  There's a lot for us to all 
talk about, still."

"Okay."   



When the discussion resumed at the dining room table, Lord Yosho 
commenced by mentioning the theory that another culprit other than 
Professor Klove was behind the attacks on Princess Ayeka.  It was, 
after all, about the only fruitful area of investigation left to 
them.

"That would mean Professor Klove has a follower or someone who has 
come across his lost records and apparatus...and that someone is 
responsible for the intrusions on Princess Ayeka.  Does that fit the 
facts as we know them, Detective?" Lord Yosho asked, addressing 
Kiyone.

"Yes, Lord Yosho," Kiyone said.  "It would have to be one or the 
other, really.  Professor Klove is certainly out of the running as a 
suspect."

"I see," Lord Yosho said.  "Comments, anyone?"

"I find the notion of a Klove groupie hard to believe, frankly," 
Washuu objected.  "As I said earlier, the only research of Klove's 
left is that paper on dreams and brain wave patterns, and that's on 
an obscure Royal Science Academy archive.  It's hardly enough to 
inspire devotion in anybody...much less the desire to avenge Klove.  
In terms of writings or other records available to the public, it's 
really almost as if Klove never existed."

"That's a good point, Professor Washuu," Lord Yosho affirmed.

"Could a possible Klove follower be someone who knew him—-and that's 
why they are devoted to avenging him?" Tenchi asked.

"We discussed that pretty thoroughly," Kiyone said.  "Tris and Mihoshi 
and I.  It's just so unlikely that one could have escaped detection."

"I agree.  I wasn't exactly present for duty at the Academy back 
then," Washuu added, with a sardonic smile.  "You all know why!  But 
considering the case involved the Jurai royal family, I'll bet 
anything that the investigation took the scorched Earth approach.  
Right, Kiyone?"

"Oh yeah, you bet it did," Kiyone said.  She glanced at Tris.  "In 
fact, some people might say it was excessive.  The records I read 
made it clear...everyone, and I mean everyone who had even the 
slightest connection or even possible connection with Professor Klove 
was summarily rounded up and interrogated.  Vigorously."  Kiyone's 
emphasis on that last word made it clear that she was putting it 
mildly.

Mihoshi's face was sad as she spoke out now.  "I think you ought to 
say it, Kiyone...they used physical methods.  They did awful things 
like that back then in some cases, you know, until those reformations 
were made by the Extraordinary Commission."

Kiyone nodded in agreement with her partner.  In fact, Mihoshi's own 
grandfather, Lord Romataki Kuramitsu, had headed up that commission, 
and its successful implementation of civil-rights reforms in the GP 
eventually led to his appointment to the highest unformed position in 
that service.  It was just like Mihoshi not to mention that.  She 
would never take credit for what another family member did, not even 
to bask in reflected glory.  "You're right, Mihoshi.  It's better to 
be frank.  Things have changed now, anyway.  At least it proves that 
no stone was unturned in the search for any possible accomplices."

"Yeah," Tris said.  "No thumbscrew untwisted and no hot poker unused 
in that search, no doubt."     

"Hear, hear," Washuu said.

"You said it, Tris," Ryoko said.  "They used torture and everyone 
knows it.  Believe me, it probably made more people turn lawless than 
anything else the GP and the Union did back then."

Kiyone stared at Tris, Washuu, and Ryoko, in turn, coldly.  "I said 
things are different now."

"Of course, they are," Ayeka interjected.  "I am certainly not proud 
of that aspect of our past, but at least it led to written reforms.  
The horrible abuse of people aside, this case proves the uselessness 
of such methods, since nothing was learned further than ordinary, 
lawful interrogation would have uncovered.  Is that not right, 
Kiyone?"

"That's right," Kiyone said, a little bit mollified.  In a way, she 
didn't blame Ryoko and Washuu for feeling as they did about the bad 
old days of the heavy-handed GP.  And she had come to know and even 
understand Tris's antipathy toward the abuse of power.  It no doubt 
stemmed from being a citizen of a country created to protect 
individual rights (Kiyone had done her homework on the United States).  
At any rate, she was rather glad Tris had such strong opinions on 
important subjects, even if those opinions did grate on her st times.

"Of course, there is more to that situation," Lord Yosho said.  
"There can be no doubt that the Royal Yeomen were involved in the 
investigation.  As in the case of the Galaxy Police, the Yeoman have 
greatly moderated their methods since then.  But I know from personal 
experience that the Yeoman at that time would have extracted every 
last particle of information from the Juraian citizens involved with 
Professor Klove, no matter what method was required."

"Grandfather!" Tenchi said, his voice mirroring his shock.  "Were the 
Yeomen that...ruthless?"

"Yes, Tenchi," Lord Yosho told him gently.  "I am afraid at that time 
they could be--if a member of the Jurai royal household was at threat.  
I would not accept a commission with the Yeoman for that reason...and, 
believe it or not, neither would Kagato, back then.  It was one of the 
reasons the King was not pleased with me."

"But Azaka and Kamidake belong to the Yeomen now--and they are 
honorable warriors, Grandfather," Tenchi objected.  

"Yes, they are, Tenchi, and the Yeomen are not what they were, I'm 
certain.  Otherwise, those two would not belong," Lord Yosho said.  
"You may rest assured of that, grandson."

"I see, Grandfather."  Tenchi looked relieved.  He was.  He had the 
most profound respect and regard for the two legendary Juraian 
warriors who had helped him so decisively in the desperate final 
showdown with Kagato.  They were his idols in a very real sense and 
represented to him, along with his grandfather, the moral and 
spiritual imperatives of his birthright.

"Well, from what everyone's said, it really seems impossible that 
this Klove could have any followers from that time," Nobuyuki said.  
"It seems that two dragnets were thrown out back then—-one by the 
Galaxy Police and one by these Royal Yeoman.  How could anyone escape 
from both?"

"You're right, Dad," Tenchi said.  "I don't think anyone could."

Washuu patted Nobuyuki's hand.  "You nailed it, Nobie."

"Yes, I rather believe you did, son-in-law," Lord Yosho agreed.  "At 
this point, I don't think we need expend any more time conjecturing 
about a contemporary of Professor Klove's carrying on his work.  
Clearly, such a person cannot exist.  Does everyone agree?"

No one spoke a contrary opinion.  

"There's another reason to take that position," Kiyone added.  "The 
fact is, practically everyone who was involved in this Klove case 
isn't around anymore to do any mischief.  Nearly all the players are 
dead.  Some people," here she glanced at Tris again, "think that's a 
suspicious occurrence in itself."

"I do," Tris asserted.

"Nearly everyone involved in the Klove case is deceased?" Lord Yosho 
queried, clearly surprised.

"Yes, Lord Yosho.  The judges, the prosecutors, Klove's counselor, 
the jury, the members of Klove's staff at the Lyceum...I checked to 
see if any of them were available for a possible re-interview.  All 
dead.  I may add, they all died of natural causes." 

"As far as you know!  There's also Klove's parents, who died in a 
fire when that guy was in short pants--a fire he somehow escaped," 
Tris said.

"Indeed?"  Lord Yosho seemed intrigued by the information.  "Yes, I 
can see why that would appear possibly significant to you, Tristram.  
However, it could just be a coincidence, all the same.  Some amount of 
time has passed since then.  Without any evidence to say otherwise, we 
shall have to consider all that coincidental."

"Yes, sir," Tris said.  Kiyone smiled at him sweetly.

"Could someone have just kind of found all this Professor Klove's 
stuff?" Sasami now asked.  "His notes and machines and all?  That was 
the other possibility, wasn't it?"

"Very good, Sasami."  Ayeka smiled at her bright little sister.

"That's right, Sasami," Kiyone said.  "Actually, Mihoshi came up with 
that theory.  What about it, partner?"

Mihoshi felt a hot flush on her cheeks as all eyes now turned to her.  
She felt embarrassed and unsure.  But she was a Galaxy Police officer 
and this was her duty.  She thought a moment and then spoke.

"I thought maybe a person could have maybe heard of Professor Klove 
and went looking for his lost records and things, or maybe they could 
have found those things accidentally, and knew what they were."  

"Now that sounds more like it," Ryoko said.  "Sure, some independent 
operator.  He found the gear and decided to go into business for 
himself."

"In true pirate fashion?"  Ayeka couldn't resist twitting Ryoko.

"That's right, Princess," Ryoko replied with a hard grin.  "And that's 
why everything's happening now--because the creep only got his mitts 
on the stuff recently."

Mihoshi nodded.  "Gosh, that's what I thought too, Ryoko."

"Yeah?  Well..."  Ryoko considered.  "It's a good notion, anyway."

Mihoshi seemed confused by Ryoko's comment.  Kiyone glared at Ryoko. 
But it was Washuu who spoke up.
 
"Okay, Ryoko...then why didn't this so-called independent operator 
use what he found for profit, if he's unscrupulous enough to use it 
in the first place?  Like use it to extort some rich person.  Why use 
it just to attack the Princess?  Where's the profit there?" she asked 
pointedly.   

"Because he doesn't like the Jurai royal family--lots of folks don't."  
Ryoko glanced meaningfully at Ayeka.  "For good reason!  And while the 
Princess is here on this planet, she doesn't have the protection she 
has back on Jurai.  That's why."

"Uh-huh," Mihoshi added, still wanting to contribute.  "And if Ayeka 
is attacked here on Earth, the King and the royal family will get 
pretty mad at Lord Yosho and Tenchi...and that's what this person 
wants, maybe."

Lord Yosho's eyebrows raised.  "That is a singular point, Detective," 
he admitted.  "It would indeed cause a great disturbance between the 
royal family and us.  Yes, that would please anyone intending to 
damage the royal family...and us as well."

"It sure would!" Tenchi agreed somberly.  

But Washuu remained skeptical.  "Okay, that's plausible...barely.  
Assuming that some unknown person really has it in that much for the 
Jurai royal family.  But I think everyone's forgetting something.  As 
we know, Ayeka had a series of horrible dreams many years ago as a 
child..."

"Oh, many years ago," Ryoko amplified.  "Many and many and many years 
ago..."

Ayeka cast a thunderous look at Ryoko.

"Ryoko!" Tenchi admonished her.

Ryoko just stretched her arms lazily and grinned.  As far as she was 
concerned, they had solved the mystery and she had gotten the Princess 
back about that pirate comment.  It was a good afternoon's work.(1)

"Don't be too cocky, Ryoko," Washuu said.  "As I was saying, Ayeka was 
plagued with bad dreams as a child...and she has been recently plagued 
by bad dreams again."

"So?  We know that," Ryoko said.

"That's right, we know that.  But what you and practically everyone 
else has forgotten is what Ayeka told us about her recent bad dreams--
they weren't just the same kind of bad dreams she had long ago--they 
were the same bad dreams!"

With that, Washuu leaned back and looked rather superciliously at 
Ryoko.

"That's right!" Tenchi exclaimed.  "You told us that once, didn't you 
Ayeka?"

"Why, yes, Lord Tenchi," Ayeka confirmed.  "I thought everyone 
understood that.  My recent dreams are the very same that I 
experienced in my childhood." 

"So," Washuu asked, "how in the blue blazes could some Johnny-come-
lately not only get Professor Klove's papers and mechanisms to project 
brain waves...but also know exactly what kind of images to project 
into Ayeka's mind?  Even if the substance of Ayeka's dreams was 
recorded somewhere, you can't record something like that completely.  
If someone really is projecting those dream images based on another 
person's records, there would inevitably be some difference in the 
output.  Some deviation somewhere.  Is there any difference at all 
between the bad dreams you had in childhood and the ones you had 
recently, Ayeka?"

"No, not at all.  I recall those awful dreams of my childhood quite 
vividly.  My recent dreams were identical to them."  Ayeka spoke 
quietly but firmly.

"And that's where some of us are making their flub," Washuu continued 
with evident relish.  She loved to lecture.  "If I ask you, Ryoko, to 
draw a red GP ship like Yogami flying through space and I ask Tris to 
do the same, the drawings would both have the same elements...but 
they would look quite different from each other because two different 
people rendered them.  See?"  The great scientist smiled, quite 
pleased with herself.

She was met with silence.  Once again, the props had been knocked out 
from under a seemingly fruitful area of investigation.  They were back 
at Start...only this time, all possible moves had already been 
blocked.  The gloom and despair that now slowly set in seemed almost 
palpable.

Washuu stopped smiling as she realized she had not done such a 
wonderful thing after all--even though it had been a necessary 
thing.

Tenchi looked at all the crestfallen faces.  Then he spoke.  "Washuu, 
you've definitely made your point.  You're right.  There's no 
accomplice.  There's no culprit either, because the only possible one 
is lying comatose in some institution far away.  Now my question to 
you is...what do we do now?"

Washuu considered this.  She shrugged.

Then, unexpectedly, someone did answer.  And it was the last person 
most of them would have expected to answer.

"What we do, my dear Watson," he said, "is solve this case.  Right 
now."

And Tristram Xavier Coffin lit an imaginary cherrywood pipe and 
puffed at it with complete composure.   



____________________________________________

CHAPTER NOTES

(1) The question of Ryoko's and Princess Ayeka's ages in "Tenchi 
Universe" (the Tenchi Muyo television series) is an intriguing one.  
In the Tenchi Muyo! Ryo-Ohki! OAVs, Ryoko was thousands of years old 
and Ayeka was no spring chicken herself.  In the case of "Universe," 
we know that Ayeka and Ryoko were both children at the same time, but 
their actual ages aren't revealed.  Of course, Ryoko twitting Ayeka 
about her age could backfire, since she can't be much younger than the 
Princess herself.  But even a few years of difference in age would be 
sufficient ammunition for our favorite space pirate.


