"Walking Wounded"
by Zechs

Disclaimer:
I don't own any of these characters, nor do I profit from them.  I did 
not own/profit the song "Walking Wounded" by The Tea Party (An excellent 
song).  Yes, I know that they're in Japan, and the whole "hears American 
music" is kinda dumb, but the idea appealed to me.  The song lyrics 
aren't in order, I've arranged them to best fit the story.


Prologue
Ryoko was looking around in Washu's lab, looking for some kind of laser 
weapon that she could use.  She hoped to use it in such a way that it 
got rid of Ayeka in an... "accident"... as Washu's equipment generally 
did.  She found a big, important, deadly-looking machine, and flipped a 
switch.  It turned out to be a radio.  On the radio, a haunting, melodic 
song was played, and even though Ryoko didn't understand the language, 
she felt something shift inside of her...


"Is it safe to look within?"


Ryoko often wondered about her relationship with Tenchi.  Often he had 
ignored her, flirted with her, defended her, and fought with her... 
where did he stand?  
"Tenchi, my Tenchi, why do you hold out?  Why can't you make a 
decision?"  Ryoko frowned.  He had always been cryptic with his 
responses to her affection.  He had done everything from nearly giving 
his life to save hers to occasionally slapping her.  What did she do 
wrong?  Where was she going?  She just couldn't wait any longer.  So, 
the next morning, she spent the whole time primping up... no doubt that 
Tenchi would wake up perplexed, wondering where she was.  Well, Ryoko 
smiled wryly, he would soon find out.  It was a longer task than she 
expected.  Instead of being ready at breakfast, she was ready more 
around three.  Of course, to throw off speculation, she occasionally 
made loud groaning sounds like she had a hangover.  Tenchi would be so 
surprised!  Then, finally, the time had come... it was time for her 
grand entrance.
"Tenchi, what do you think?"  Ryoko giggled and swooped down next to 
him.  Tenchi was about to say something when Ayeka began her latest 
tirade.  Ryoko tuned her out; she was saying something about slutty 
clothes and makeup.
"Ryoko, I really think that you look great in that..."  Tenchi began, 
and immediately Ayeka destroyed whatever he was going to say with a 
flurry of obscenities.  Tenchi couldn't ever tell Ryoko; Ryoko 
understood that now.  He cared for them both equally.  And, in Ryoko's 
eyes, loving them equally was the same as not loving them at all.  Ryoko 
couldn't take the disappointment anymore; there was no possible way to 
ever win him over.  She suddenly flew away sobbing, to the only place 
that would give her solace.


"And erase all that's been?"


Washu was working on yet another experiment when her alarms told her 
that someone had entered.  She bioscanned the intruder, and found out it 
was Ryoko; in a high state of stress.  Adrenaline pumping, heart beating 
wildly, saline solution... Ryoko was crying.  Had to be about Tenchi 
again.  Washu mumbled something incoherent about the pressures of 
motherhood and went to console her creation.
"Washu, Tenchi..."
"Ryoko, what happened?"
"I can't get close to him, no matter what!  Ayeka gets to!  And he 
treats us differently too... you never saw him slap Ayeka!  What's wrong 
with me?"
Washu noticed that Ryoko, for all of her years, had the hormonal 
imbalances of a teenager.
"I don't know what to do in your case.  You have a tough road ahead."
Ryoko stiffened, then stopped crying.
"No, I don't.  My life's road doesn't have to be tough."
"What are you saying?  Everyone has a different trial to go through."
"I can get around it."
"Shortcuts lead to disaster."
"I don't care.  Washu, erase all of my memory.  Every single battle, 
love, hate, everything.   Erase my grudge with Ayeka, erase my love of 
Tenchi, my hate of Kagato... everything."
"You'd be essentially dead, Ryoko!"
"No.  I'd be alive."


"Does it satisfy your greed?  Is it all you need?  Is it all you want?"


Ryoko stepped out of the chamber.  What the heck is this place?  Where 
am I?
"Ryoko, I've allowed some memories to stay.  How to eat, sleep, take 
care of yourself, your powers... basic survival, basic knowledge.  Also, 
hidden inside of you, your old self still lives.  If it wants to return, 
it will manifest itself and I'll restore you."
"Go away you freaky kid!"  Ryoko ran, opened the door, and found herself 
in an open house with a lot of interconnecting, spacious rooms.  It was 
a stark contrast to the strange lab she had been in.
"Hello Ryoko."  Two women, both in some kind of uniform, knew her name.  
One was blonde, tanned, and seemed ditzy; the other was medium sized, 
had teal hair, and seemed to have a nice personality.  Nice people, 
overall.  But Ryoko was still freaked out that they knew her name.  In 
every room of the house, someone knew her... a dirty old man, an old 
shrineskeeper, a young (good looking) boy, a small girl... and there was 
one girl who called her a slut.  Ryoko ignored that one and still walked 
around confusedly.  She had a nagging idea that she knew these women... 
but from where?  Not to mention the freaky little girl who talked like a 
professor. 
In the meantime, Tenchi had felt something was terribly wrong, so he 
immediately went to Washu.
"Washu, what the heck has happened to Ryoko?!"
"Tenchi, Ryoko had her memory wiped out."
"WHAT?  How?  We have to restore her memory!"
"We can't, Tenchi."
"Why not?"
"It was her choice.  She wanted her memory gone."
"Why would she want that?"
"She thought she'd never get a chance at you, and that you'd never love 
her as much as she loved you.  So she wanted to forget about everything.  
It was too much for her to take."
"That's so selfish!"
"It's what she felt she needed."

"When your memories do stray, then they betray, all that's been..."

 Ryoko ambled out of the house and looked at the serene beauty outside.  
It all seemed so familiar... the quiet, rippling lake, the verdant 
forest, the sky red as the blood of murdered innocents...
blood...
pain...
killing...
death...
Ryoko saw faint flashes of a life she no longer knew.  The crystal blue 
lake swirled and melded with the red sky, becoming red ships and blue 
uniforms... the green forest became the continents of uncounted worlds 
destroyed.  Ryoko started crying, for reasons she couldn't understand.  
What was wrong with her?   
She looked behind her, and the stone steps leading up to the shrine 
began to look like piles of bones.  What were these macabre 
hallucinations?  Everything looked like death.
Just then, as if on cue, a small cat-like creature nuzzled her leg.  She 
picked it up by the scruff of its neck and contemplated it as it meowed 
pitifully.  She petted it twice and started walking to the top of the 
shrine; wondering how that little cat had chosen the correct time to 
comfort her.  Once reaching the shrine, she meditated for hourse, until 
the sky turned dark.  She sat up all night and contemplated the stars... 
something was drawing her toward them.

"Are they gone?  Tell me what went wrong..."

"WASHU! Can we restore Ryoko?"  Tenchi was screaming at the top of his 
lungs.
"Nothing, Tenchi.  It's her choice to make." 
"She barely knows who she is!  How can she make a choice like that?"
"In her subconscious, I left a small fragment of her old self.  This 
small fragment contains everything about her; every memory, like, 
dislike.  The fact is, Tenchi, she'll come back if she wants.  And even 
then, it may be difficult to bring them back.  She's been through severe 
trauma."
"What exactly did I do?!"
"EVERYTHING Tenchi.  You've fought her, beaten her, insulted her 
generosity, insulted her sense of beauty, protected her enemy during 
fights, snubbed her, SLAPPED her, and overall ignored her.  You are. 
were the center of her life."

"Cuz baby I'm not that strong.  and I'm walking wounded, all alone."

Ryoko stood up, the stars shining in the sky, and the moon glinting off 
of the lake's surface.  The stars seemed to call her. they pulsed with a 
music that manifested itself in her gems at her wrists and neck.  The 
stars sang a hallowed refrain that buzzed in Ryoko's mind and seemed to 
almost ooze from her pores.  She wished that she could go to them, and 
dance in the twilight of space. but she had no way up there.  She 
wished, and dreamed, and thought about it so much in that space of 4 
minutes, that it took her a while to learn that she was already in 
space.  She was on board some ship. what ship was it? 
It somehow reminded her of that cat.
Egg
Tenchi
Daughter
Kagato
Ryo-Ohki
What was going on?  Why were these names and things flashing in her 
mind?  Two seemed to stand out. no three.  Tenchi was associated with a 
bittersweet happiness.  Kagato seemed to extrude hate from its very 
syllables.  Ryo-Ohki gave her peace.  At the mere thought of the name 
Ryo-Ohki, the ship responded.  Immediately Ryoko's mind was flooded with 
information. about Tenchi, Ryo-Ohki, Kagato.  and over all, a single 
plea: 
~COME BACK TO US~
Washu's mental conditioning immediately censored it out a split second 
after it occurred, and Ryoko only knew who Ryo-Ohki was and what Ryo-
Ohki could do.
And Ryoko danced in the twilight of the stars, and frolicked in the 
ebony of space.

"How does it feel?  How does it feel?  Tell me how!"

"So this is all a sort of revenge against me?"  Tenchi asked dejectedly.
"Yes.  Imagine an entire building supported by one column that one day 
fell away on purpose.  The building falls on the column crushing it."
"I don't like that analogy." 
"Well how does it feel Tenchi?  How does it feel to be ignored?  You've 
played with these girls far too much.  You've danced around them and 
kept them in your thrall.  Who was it going to be that you finally 
chose, Tenchi, after all of your games?  Ryoko?  Ayeka?  Kiyone?  
Mihoshi?  Me?  Even Sasami, when older?"  Washu needled.  "One day this 
was bound to happen.  Who did you really care for?  Who?  Out with it 
already."
"Washu, I."
"Wait.  To be honest, I don't care.  What I do care about is that my 
daughter is gone, never to return, most likely.  And you're the reason 
why."

"Are you comfortable and numb?  Or did you succumb to all those lies?"

Ryoko had gone to every star that she wanted.  She had seen every 
planet, done everything that could be done. and she was happy.  For the 
first time she could remember. well actually, that wasn't too long. she 
was happy.  Whatever had plagued her had gone away.  She had danced on 
comets, toured exotic beaches. and somehow had an urge to return to that 
little backwater planet.  She couldn't figure out why, but it seemed 
like it was coming from the back of her head. fortunately, she had 
purposefully destroyed the coordinates in a fit of anger that she 
couldn't really explain, and it had something to do with the name 
Tenchi.  Tenchi. the name echoed through her head, and somehow she 
remembered the coordinates.
An image of a brave young man appeared in her mind, and the memories 
returned like a flood that deluged her mind; the only other flood was 
the flood of her tears.

Tenchi watched as the ship came onto the screen, approached Earth, and 
his eyes lit up at the idea of Ryoko's return.  Suddenly, to his dismay, 
the ship turned back, and was gone the way that it came.
"She's made her decision.  Her mind will already have erased whatever 
she knew.  The Ryoko you knew is dead.  Goodbye, Tenchi."  Washu left 
Tenchi crying insidethe darkened lab, and left the house to the space 
ship she had already outside, where the rest of the girls waited.

Epilogue
The clock radio turned on.  Tenchi woke up in a cold sweat, and the 
radio was playing some song with heavy violin instrumentals.  
"Cruddy American music."  Tenchi muttered, and then remembered what had 
happened.  However, he heard some yelling downstairs, and chaos, and 
laughter.
He got dressed and freshened up as quickly as possible.  He couldn't 
look shabby.
He was professing his love today.  No more games.
No more walking alone.
