This is the first chapter in a rather long story.  It is my first real attempted at a fan fiction but I 
have written before.  This is kind of an experiment as I am trying new things to see how I do.  I am looking 
for some insight the only critiquing on my writing has come from teachers, family, and friends so not much 
I can really gauge my talent on.  Also I have thus far written this as a whole story and cut it into chapters 
latter so some of the breaks are sudden I guess.
As I said this is a fan fiction so basically I am ripping of some character from someone else I also 
rip off a lot of other things, like god.  But hey if they want a cut I will give them all, lets say 20 percent of 
what I earn and 20 percent of nothing is nothing.  So I will start writing out the worthless pieces of paper.
I hope you enjoy my story.  I have just one final thing to say before I the story starts.  "Nuke the 
Planet."    
				       

        Chapter 1
			     Home: Neither here nor There	




Winter took grasp of the land and held it within its icy clutches pouring out more and more of its 
snowy life force.  This day the snow had given way to rain a rain that fell with its own temperament.  The 
sky was overcast and cloudy giving the day a gray outlook.
	Christmas had just passed and the world was in a time of joy and happiness.  But not everyone 
celebrated the cheery mood.  There was one man who now staked through an ancient forest near some 
Japanese shrine and he was anything but happy to be home for the holidays.  
	His name was Syrex.  He stood knee deep in the snow-covered ground.  He loved the winter it was 
a time of life for him.  It was a time when the world gave up its facade of a luscious life and things had to 
struggle to survive.  It had a real feel to it. 
	The rain soaked his cloths, which had slowly frozen over the past hours.  The rain still fell and 
turned to ice giving the land a slick feel.  But Syrex was not here for the scenery.   
	He was glad to be back on earth.  It had seemed a lifetime had past since he lest set foot on the 
earth's soil.  To tell the truth it had been several life times all passing like a fly's life.  But they had been 
lifetimes all the same.
	He longed for nothing more then to walk inside of New York's beauty.  To once more see the city 
that never sleeps and to live in it's wild life.  But that time was gone now.  Lost in one cold forgotten night.
	Now he found himself very far from his native land.  He was in a very different place than New 
York.  But there was nothing to be done about this tragic joke of a homecoming.
He wished he where here on vacation or for any other thing then what he was sent to do.  He had 
never found much taste in the vile act of murder but that was his appointed rounds this night.  He had killed 
before and would not go back on these acts but he did not like it.
	So he walked on listening to the crunch of the snow as he moved forward.  It had a faint 
resemblance to braking bones, not much of a resemblance but enough to make Syrex weary.  But he 
pressed on unswayed by the hunting familiarity.     
	Syrex soon came to the edge of the woods and to his target.  The woods ended in a small open 
plain.  With a small stone fence pitched around the clearing, the fence was probably more for decor then for 
protection as Syrex stepped over it.  
Syrex had come to the back of a long building.  The woodwork was in a style he could only think 
to call Japanese.  However he was not an architect, nor did he care.  Whatever it was called it fit in with the 
shrine appearance.    
He jumped up to the roof and from small patches in the snow he could tell it was a shade of green.  
The paint had faded do to rain and water and lack of a recoating but this was winter so repainting it would 
be difficult.   
Syrex stood atop the Masaki Shrine and listened intently to the world around him.  He could hear 
arguing just beyond his position, but Syrex could not see who it was yet.  Although he could not see he 
could make an educated guess as to the participants and the subject.  He was not here to debate who was 
arguing or why, besides he was the only one he could tell his finding to.  Thus further debate would only 
add credence to suspected theories of insanity.
Syrex stalked closer to see what was going on.  He was careful not to give himself away it was 
much too early in the game for that.  But then his hero had proven time and again that people tended not to 
look up.  It was amazing how many times one could get the jump on people by just being above them.  
Syrex surveyed the landscape to get an idea of exactly what he was getting himself into.  Standing 
just below him was a boy sweeping the snow away from the path to the main entrance of the shrine.  Syrex 
studied him closer.
He was maybe just shorter then Syrex but Syrex was not a big man himself.  He had ruffled black 
hair with a small ponytail in the back.  His eyes were a dark brown that currently seemed dismayed at yet 
another fight over him going on.  Or it could have been the chore in front of him that brought this dismay.  
His skin had a slightly tanned tint to it.
He wore faded blue jeans and probably some long-underwear or something of the sort to keep 
warm.  He had a blue green tee shirt on.  This was mostly covered by a thick brown coat to keep away the 
winters harsh calling.  The boy was none other the Tenchi but for now Syrex had other things to assess.
Standing on the right of Tenchi was the purple-headed beauty Ayeka.  Her long hair was done up 
in its usual style with two long pigtails going almost to the ground with two shorter pigtails to frame her 
face.  Her pale face highlighting her red eyes.    
Ayeka spoke in her high pitched voice a sound that grated on Syrex.  Perhaps it was not the voice 
but the things that came out of it.  But on this occasion Syrex ignored her and turned his attention to Ryoko.
The demon with the Light blue hair was on Tenchi's left.  She stood ready as always to fight 
Ayeka.  Then in a child like voice the Space Pirate Ryoko pleaded with Tenchi.
"Tenchi come on lets get away from Ayeka."
"I am the crowned princess of Jurai."
Syrex had enough and decided now would be a good time to interrupt.  "Would you please, Shut 
the Hell Up!"
The three turned and stared at the stranger.  He stood atop the shrine looking down with a smirk 
on his face.  He had light brown hair with blonde highlights.  He would tell you its natural, which it was in 
a way but that would be a tale for later.  He had the beginnings of a goatee.  His eyes were a vibrant gray 
that shined in the day's light.
Syrex was wearing his traditional battle uniform not that it was in any way normal or traditional 
battle attire.  He had on black pants and boots to match.  He wore a red and black tie-dye tee shirt that had 
Spiderman (his hero) printed on it.  Over the shirt he wore a Mets jersey that was opened to reveal the shirt 
below.  And finally he had on a leather jacket.
Syrex continued his speech.  "It doesn't matter that you're the crowned princess of Jurai.  Does 
this look like Jurai?  Do I look like a stupid-floating log?  I don't think so.  As for your constant bickering 
over Tenchi, how about I tell you who wins Tenchi?  Na that would be to easy let me just leave it at it ain't 
you."
Ayeka in a dejected and bitter voice said, "Is that so, well who might you be?"
Syrex looked up and though, "This is just too good an opportunity to pass up."
"I'm Batman."
"Oh really?" 
"No not really, I am the slayer of life, the purveyor of death.  The last surviving member of the 
original four Gods of Plague.  But you may call me Syrex."   
"What do you want?"
"Family, Friends, a low cast of living expense, your head on a platter, you know the usual."
Syrex then pulled a staff from around his back and slammed it to the ground.  The end of the staff 
sprang up to form a blade at its end.  Thus the weapon was reveled as a scythe.  
Syrex twirled the scythe in one hand.  It rolled from palm to backhand back to the palm where he 
would catch it before setting it into motion once more.  He did this with ease as he watched the three below.  
Then he placed his thumb in the staff's path letting it come to a natural stop before it fell back in the 
opposite direction when this happened he brought his other hand up and spun the scythe with both hands.  
He brought the weapon over his head and continued to spin it.  Then he reversed its direction once more 
switched to one hand and brought the scythe to rest with his palm facing behind him along with the blade 
and the staff resting on his back.
Syrex then ran forward and jumped off the top of the shrine.  He brought the scythe to bare.  It 
rose over his head in a large arch them came flashing down as he reached the ground.  The blade slashed 
into the snow and stone beneath, as Tenchi was just able to roll away.
	Tenchi rolled back grabbing for the Light-Hawk Sword.  He stood up and pulled it out.  Then he 
powered it up the blue blade raising to its full height and prepared to strike.
	"Well I see you keep the Light-Hawk on you at all times.  But that is just plan not fair, I have no 
energy weapon. What am I ever to do?  Oh I know."
	Syrex glowed with energy.  He radiated red, blue and orange.  Then from his palm then energy 
spilled out into the scythe.  It glowed an impossible black.
	Then the two charged each other.  Their blades colliding energy spilling off in sparks and crackles.  
But both just pressed the attack.
	The sound was frightful as the two gladiators raged on in mortal combat.  They struck fast and 
furious blades crashing and bashing.  There was barely a pause between clangs.
	

		
*		*		*		*

Syrex wondered mildly if they would laugh at the way he chose this weapon, and where he learned 
to wield it.  He had no real training in his fighting skills. Well that was not true.  Syrex had a vast 
knowledge of combat skills.  However Syrex had die many years ago.  Few know the man standing before 
Tenchi now was not Syrex but rather Irvien.  Now this fact still confused the pair of Syrex and Irvien as it 
were.  
Syrex was a warrior born in New York but in a far different world then this.  His world was more 
like the medieval world.  Though Syrex would not come to learn this term until many years later.  He was a 
skilled warrior and had been one of four generals that had rebelled against the ruling class in their New 
York.  
The ruling class was the Angalers.  They had a vast empire and were very similar to the English of 
other worlds.  The war drew on for several years.
Syrex was one of the original four Gods of Plague.  He and three other generals got the name at 
the battle of Clatonwulfe.  The four generals ambushed the Angalers at a bridge at the town.  Then they 
slaughtered the army.  
The battle would mark a significant victory in the war.  It also was the inception of "the Gods of 
Plague".  The title was started as propaganda against Syrex and his soldiers.  It was meant to be an insult 
and drive uncertain soldiers away from Syrex and the other generals.  But Syrex and the others began to 
call themselves the Gods of Plague.  Syrex went on to say the title had come about when one of the 
Empires generals died he had said,  "All should fear the Gods of Plague."  No one really knows were the 
title came from but it would stay with Syrex. So what started as in insult Syrex made into a rallying call.  
So from then on Syrex considered himself one of the four Gods of Plague.
The battle of Clatonwulfe did not end the war it raged on.  Syrex would fall in one of the later 
battles slain by the enemy and his body was displayed and dishonored for his treason.  Some believe that 
was why he would not rest.
Syrex soul remained with his warriors.  He was seen at many of the battles after his death 
watching over his men.  It is even rumored that he appeared before the Angalers' general before the final 
fight.  It is a fact that this general would run off in the night before the fight leaving the Empire's soldiers in 
disarray.
It was after the war that his soul had nothing more to do.  His lands had been liberated his people 
free.  What more was needed form the aged soldier.
Irvien was born in a New York much more like Tenchi's world.  He was a writer and strangest of 
all he wrote about Syrex.  Not that he really knew much about him but he had created the character all the 
same.  He did not know his creation had at one time been a real person.
Fate conspired to bring the two together.  In a dream like state the two meet for the first time.  
Syrex told Irvien that they were in reality one in the same.  They were two halves of one soul.  Then after 
the introductions Syrex and Irvien became one entity.  
It was not as easy as all that.  It was not like Syrex dialed up the goddess of fate said I think this 
Irvien guy and me have to hook up.  But the process of how it came to be is of little consequence now it 
happened.  That is what is of importance.  
So they awoke in a strange land to both of them.  In this new symbiotic relationship the 
personality was Irvien's.  It was Irvien who was in control.  He came to call himself Syrex as a defensive 
mechanism at first.  He still does in part because Syrex was actually not Syrex's name either that was a bit 
of a secret identity too.  But that too is a story for later.
As for the weapon he picked it was not because of some partial memory from Syrex but more for a 
far different reason.  He chose the scythe because as a kid he like many people would pretend to be a great 
warrior.  In those times he often used a hockey stick as his weapon of choose.  He would strike with the 
bladed end and thus he became accustomed to using that blade as his attack marker so the old memory 
carried over.  Syrex did not use weapons in general but in this case it seemed he had little choice.  For now 
he stood in opposition to Tenchi, blade in hand he was ready to fight.


*		*		*		*


Syrex stepped forward drawing closer to Tenchi.  Each had their weapons grinding against the 
other.  Syrex pushed the blunt end of the staff into Tenchi's stomach.  A flat blast of pain burned in 
Tenchi's chest as he doubled over.
Syrex then followed through with is right hand bring the blade down toward Tenchi.  Tenchi 
dropped lower to the ground his knees hitting the ground.  He spread his arms wide and pushed his back as 
far away from the blade as possible.  He looked like a limbo dancer.  The blade slashed down into the 
ground between Tenchi's spread legs.
Syrex then force his hand down harder on the shaft of the scythe. The move switched his grasp on 
the staff.  The blade had also shifted it was no longer sticking into the ground but was now facing up at its 
intended victim.  
Syrex pulled up on the scythe again trying to cut at Tenchi.  Tenchi pushed off on his knees rolling 
away from the blade of the scythe.  Once more Tenchi had evaded an attack.  Syrex had continued through 
with the attack, he let the scythe once more rest on his shoulder as he waited for the next assault.
Syrex stood with his body twisted to the side making him a smaller target.  He had one hand held 
at his side and the other lightly held the scythe on his shoulder.  He seemed at peace.  No he seemed bored.  
In reality he did this to hide his fear not of losing but of indecision.  Why was he here?  What should he do?  
He was here to kill them but was it their fault.  He thought back to what lead him here.


*		*		*		*


This had all started a few weeks ago.  Syrex and his love Lita had left the fight back at home.  He 
had defeated a warlord of persuasion named Zephsilon.  The battle had taken place in Sulfolk.  Well 
actually his fight took place below the city.  Above the NWPA or Nuclear Winter Protection Agency had 
battled with the Kabolt.
The NWPA was lead by Nuclear.  It was a mercenary group formed to help the people.  That was 
before Syrex showed up.
Syrex was a limited time member before one of he many deaths.  After Lita had brought Syrex and 
Irvien together as one she had Syrex join the NWPA with her.  She had gone through all the trouble of 
merging Syrex's two halves and bringing them clear across the universe to a planet called Endymion to 
save it from destruction.  Syrex was sought out because of visions.
Many of the people of Endymion had been seeing visions of the destruction of the planet.  None 
could tell who would bring about this destruction.  However they did see Syrex as the savior.  This of 
course led to them seeking him out.  No one knew how truly difficult it would be but it happened 
eventually.
Syrex joined the NWPA and fought with them.  Then at the battle of Hexington Syrex was 
betrayed and shot in the back.  Ultimately Zephsilon would make the final strike and send him into the next 
world.  However Syrex was chosen by fate and she was not going to let him slip through her fingers so he 
fought his way through a hellish underworld and was reborn.
When he returned Syrex had to choose his side, which was impossible, because he had no 
allegiance to either.  He ended up joining Lita who had joined the Kabolt.  There Syrex would meet King 
Magnarien who was the leader of the Kabolt.
The Kabolt had started trying to give the Vanapire equality.  After Syrex's death the NWPA 
disbanded leaving the world to the Kabolt.  But then Magnarien learned he was alone in his quest as 
everyone was enslaved and Magnarien was little more then a puppet king.
Syrex would become the leader of the warlords reforming the Gods of Plague.  But Syrex acted 
against them more then helped he did just about the opposite of everything he was asked to do.
Then at Sulfolk the groups had amassed.  The warlords fighting for the Kabolt with Magnarien 
making a rare appearance.  And Nuclear with a newly reformed NWPA fighting for the people.
Syrex had manipulated things in the NWPA's favor.  The NWPA would defeat the warlords. Then 
Magnarien and Nuclear relayed a massage to the world returning freedom to the world.  
Below the city Syrex fought Zephsilon who had found a machine and turned himself into a 
demigod.  Syrex was once more brought to the brick of death.  But in the end he won destroying Zephsilon.
Man that was a lot of information.  And it only took up a small part hope I did not undermine the 
significance of the events that transpired on Endymion.  And hell we still have not got to why Syrex is now 
on Tenchi's earth.


*		*		*		*


Syrex though, "Man my life is screwed up."
Tenchi slash out tarring away flesh from Syrex's arm.  The attack was not serious.  Nor was the 
wound.  But it brought Syrex back to the fight at hand.
Syrex took his uninjured arm and wiped the blood off his other arm.  He looked at the red in his 
hand then tossed his hand to the side casting most of the blood off.  Syrex look and the blood soaked snow 
and though it looked a little like Lita's crimson eyes.
Syrex just laughed off the injury.  Then he charged forward.  He held his scythe before him and 
began to prep for a strike.  Tenchi read his move and slashed up with the Light-Hawk sword.  The Light-
Hawk sword hit the shaft of Syrex's scythe sending it flying into the air.
Tenchi swung with his blade once more trying to catch the unarmed Syrex.  Syrex flipped 
backward avoiding the attack.  He then leapt forward somersaulting over Tenchi's head.
In air Syrex grabbed his scythe.  Then he thrust the butt end forward.  The blunt end smashed into 
Ryoko's forehead. Ryoko felt a sharp stabbing pain in her head as she fell to the ground.  She had been 
trying to attack Syrex in air.  She was trying to get the jump on Syrex.  Unfortunately Syrex had other 
ideas.
Ryoko got up and she was pissed.  She shot out energy blast after energy blast all aimed at Syrex.  
Syrex easily avoided the streaks of red death.  He backflipped twisted and spun his way to safety almost 
laughing at the ease of it all.
Syrex then noticed that Mihoshi and Kiyone were coming up the path obviously to investigate all 
the commotion.  They were dressed in their Galaxy Police uniforms. They held their blasters at the ready.
They saw Tenchi with his Light-Hawk sword opened. They guessed it was not there to stop a fight 
between Ryoko and Ayeka.  They saw Syrex and open fire.  Obviously they were subscribing to the idea of 
shoot first and ask questions if the enemy survived.
Syrex throw his hand into the air.  Then the two blasts took off into the sky and away from Syrex. 
Then they crashed down a little ways passed Syrex.
Syrex spoke in a regal condescending voice. "Well I can see you're all so eager to die.  But please 
do wait your turn. I am only one man."
Syrex once more let his mind slip back to the past to how this had come about.  He paced back and 
forth.  The group watched him probably thinking he was worried the odds were now too stacked against 
him.  But he had brought it on himself hadn't he.


 *		*		*		*

It was after the war and the world of Endymion seemed at peace.  Syrex had left the battlefield his 
part in war done for the time being.  He hoped he would never again have to fight.  Of course he remember 
what he was told about fate.  
That being that, most people live their lives apart from fate it ignores them and they live in 
contentment that they rule their lives.  But for the few that fate does chose as its warriors they rarely find 
restitution.  Even death is nothing to fates call.  They find themselves in eternal servitude to fate.  So Syrex 
know the chances were he would be called to arms once more.  He just did not know it would be so soon.
Then in cities throughout the world strange visions appeared on walls of buildings and in lakes 
and rivers and other strange occurrences.  Of course the world was confused and perplexed.  They saw 
people they know not and places they had not even imagined.  So the NWPA was called in to investigate.
Well that is not the whole truth.  After the war Magnarien had remained as king of much of the 
lands he owned.  He had asked Nuclear to remain as an adviser.  This of course would bring about the 
resurrection of the true NWPA.  However it was a far more bureaucratic organization then it ever was and 
Nuclear hated it.
Nuclear remained as the head but he spent most of his time with a new group.  He took over the 
Gods of Plague filled its ranks with the old NWPA members.  He ran it more like his old NWPA as a small 
elite force of Mercenaries and not an army for one country.  Nuclear liked to think of himself as a 
champion for the people.  He also liked to think he was the greatest person in the history of the world.  So 
basically worship him, he is your god.  
Of course this new mystery puzzled even the GOP.  So Nuclear called in Syrex despite Syrex's 
wishes to be left alone.  He came begrudgingly but he hoped he could solve the puzzle and go back home.  
The only problem was he could solve the puzzle but he hit bankrupt first.
The images were of Jurai.  Well more accurately Jurai was one of the pictures he saw Ayeka, 
Ryoko, Azusa, and most important of all Sasami.  Then suddenly a very clear picture as to what was going 
on formed in Syrex's head.
As for how Syrex knew whom these people where.  Well that was a hard question to answer well 
actually it was easy, but not one people often wanted to hear.  It was one of his favorite cartoons.  Syrex 
had no problem accepting they were suddenly real, because after all Irvien had written about Syrex as a 
made-up character to begin with.  Now he found himself being Syrex
Syrex had come to believe that there were an infinite number of realties.  He believed these 
alternate realities collided occasionally.  This would cause effects in both worlds.  He further believed, 
often this effect was a transfer of information.  He came to think the info would enter the mind of someone 
and that is how some stories are created.  That did not mean all fiction was done this way but some.  
Basically it meant that with an infinite universe all things were possible.  That was how he known of 
Tenchi.
As for what was currently going on.  Syrex had pieced together why the images were coming 
through.  He believed it must have been an after effect of Vortex's powers.  Vortex was one of the warlords 
for the Kabolt.  He could open wormholes in reality and move through them.  In the final battle Vortex was 
blasted into one of his wormholes but did not return.  It was guess he was trapped in his own world.  Syrex 
doubted it but the warlord had not returned to cause any damage so he did not care.  Actually he was kind 
of glad Vortex got away.  But that is too complicated a story to explain now.
Even if Vortex survived that did not explain much.  There was no reason he would go to Jurai he 
would not even know what it was.  So what was he doing there?
Syrex had his suspicions but had not voiced them yet it would only add to the panic.  So a scout 
was brought to Syrex so he could tell all he know of Jurai and what might be of use.  So he did, the only 
problem was how to get the scout through the wormhole?
Vortex had never opened a way into another reality before.  He just transported from one location 
to another nothing more.  That was probably why the images were appearing.  They were a kind of 
byproduct one Vortex himself did not know about.
It was Lita who was able to send the scout.  She was not really sure how she did it but she had 
brought Syrex here so she just went to work.  Syrex was actually the first to go through, but he returned 
immediately so he would not be seen.  After it was proven to work the scout went through to gain all 
information possible.
The returned info was not good and Syrex's fears were realized.  Zephsilon had crossed over and 
taken control of Jurai.  Zephsilon still lived.  Syrex had guessed this all along.
Zephsilon had crossed over to Jurai because of Sasami.  In the final battle between Syrex and 
Zephsilon, Zep got his powers.  It spiked and he was able to read Syrex's mind if only for a brief moment.  
He must have learned of Sasami in that moment.  He was trying to make himself into a god but could not.  
So when Zep learned Sasami was at least in part a god it intrigued him.
Godhood was not all Zephsilon wanted he craved power.  He must have read Azusa's mind and 
learned of his hatred for Tenchi.  As a demigod of persuasion Zephsilon easily gained the throne of Jurai.  
All Zephsilon had to do was get Azusa to think it would be in his best interest to have Zephsilon leading 
Jurai.  This would also mean all Azusa's time could be spent trying to get at Tenchi. 
It was then decided that the best way to thwart Zephsilon's plans was to take away his goal.  So by 
killing Tenchi and everyone else Zephsilon would have no target.  Thus getting rid of the heart of the 
problem.  
Syrex had nothing against Tenchi and he was not much into killing.  How could he kill someone 
for a crime someone else would commit?  It would be like; no it would be killing the victim to prevent the 
criminal from committing the crime.  So what was Syrex to do?
In truth he really wanted to join up with Tenchi but he was under orders.  Besides it would not 
exactly be easy to prove his case.  Proof would eventually come when Tenchi learned Zephsilon ruled Jurai 
but that might have been too late.


   		*		*		*		*


The situation at hand came flooding back.  Syrex turned and saw the odds were very much stacked 
against him.  Not that he cared.  But what would his next move be.
Syrex charged forward once more his scythe at the ready.  Syrex raised it and slashed down once 
more at Tenchi.  Ayeka had risen a shield around Tenchi deflecting the assault.   
"Ah the famed shield, do you really think that can stop me?  Ha pathetic."
Syrex screamed out to the sky.  Energy pouring into his scythe as he powered it for the next strike.  
Then he raised the blade once more.
Syrex slashed down at the offending shield.  The scythe crashed down against the shield.  Sparks 
flow and cracked but the shield held.  
Ayeka laughed out loud.  "You can not beat the power of Jurai."
"Is that a fact?"
Then Syrex's Scythe began to tare away at the shield.  It melted and phased out little by little.  
Then in one triumphant swing Syrex breached the defense.
Tenchi slipped back narrowly avoiding the attack.  In fact the blade had sliced into the collar of his 
shirt tarring away a small portion.  It was not much of a cut but it left an undeniable mark.
It was also at that moment Tenchi realized something.  Syrex had moved his hand up the shaft of 
the staff as he attacked instead of extending the scythe's reach.  He had in fact save Tenchi's life.  So just 
what was Syrex up to?  Tenchi now knew Syrex could have killed him several times over.  Syrex was 
holding back, But why?
Was Syrex toying with Tenchi?  No that was unlikely. That would not explain why he would 
prevent a deathblow when he had one.  Was Syrex just clumsy and did not know he let the grasp change.  
Tenchi doubted this too.  Syrex was too good to let a clumsy thing like that happen.  Besides the move was 
to well concealed to be an accident, but then why?
Perhaps the more important question was how to act on this fact.  Syrex had given no indication he 
would not kill them all.  So what should Tenchi do?  He decided to fight and do what it took.  All he could 
do was try to survive right now.
Mayuka and Sasami had come up the path now leaving only Washu not present at this little get 
together.  Syrex guessed she was probably analyzing this very conflict.  Either that or creating another 
weapon of mass destruction.  Both were probably maybe she was building a weapon of mass destruction 
based on the fight.
Mayuka screamed,  "Daddy!"
Then she began to transform.  Razor sharp claws extended from her hands.  And a dark fur 
covered her body.  Her eyes went from sweet and innocent to malevolent and dark.  She went to attack 
Syrex but Tenchi held her back.
Syrex began to clap.  "Very impressive.  But I'm afraid it is not good enough.  Its time to play the 
game.  Yo here comes trouble."
Syrex bowed his head slightly.  Then he screamed out as he threw his arms up at his sides.  His 
head raised and tilled back as he cried out into the sky.  A sky that had suddenly become very cloudy with 
angry looking clouds.
A black oil like substance rose up from the ground and covered Syrex.  He became one giant black 
mass.  Then the eyes filled in.  They were a pure white that seemed to glow amiss the black.  
Lightning flashed above in a thunderous tantrum.  Then the lightning flashed down to the ground 
igniting the ground before the black mass that had been Syrex.  The flames towered brightly in the 
darkened sky.  Bringing smoke and vapor to all around.
But through the smoke Syrex was still visible.  Lightning began to crash down and strike the black 
mass.  Pools of black flesh melted away and fell to the ground and burned away.  The smoke overtook 
Syrex and nothing could be seen but flames of orange and red.
Then through the flames a shadow passed.  It walked like a demon amongst the pale glow of fire.  
It was truly an unholy sight to behold.
Out stepped a man.  His hair was an impossible jet black and his eyes were a lighting gray.  And 
yet he was Syrex.
"Now that that's taken care of all that remains is to destroy you."
Sasami then ran forward tears in her eyes.  She was clearly scared but she had to say something.  
"Why don't you just leave us alone?  I hope you die."
Syrex turned to her and looked into her eyes.  He saw the pain and fear within her.  But he also 
saw the defiance.  Then he had an idea.  It was not a very good idea not the self-preservation scale but it 
was the only solution he could come up with.  Even if he would not live to see it come to foliation.
Syrex raised his scythe once more.  Then he cried out, "As you wish, my lord."
Then he swung the blade down.  The Scythe buried deep into his chest.  A shocked look of pain 
crossed Syrex's face.  Then a smile as he looked down at Sasami.
 Sasami looked on in horror and sadness.  She knew what she had said but she had not counted on 
this.  No not this.  She began to cry once more.
Syrex staggered to his knees the pain was almost too much but standing was worse.  He knelt 
before Sasami.  He raised his hand to her eyes and wiped away her tears.
"Weep not for me child.  I have traveled this path before.  I go now to see old friends."
Syrex collapsed to the ground.  His breathing became thin and forced.  Then blackness over took 
Syrex. 




Is this the end of our capped-crusader, Has Syrex left to go to the giant Batcave in the sky, Join us 
next time same bat time, same bat channel.
 This is not the end but merely the beginning.   Our next installment is "Dreams and Nightmares 
before the Dawn".  Found out the fate of the wayward warrior Syrex and the terror that is yet to come.  
