Hi Everyone! This is my first fanfic! *Sigh* It's not real good and I'm sure
people will be sending me hate mail after they read it. Okay here comes the
legal stuff: None of these characters belong to me, except Crosa and the
goons and all the other people who don't deal with Tenchi Muyo.

***

The War of the Goddesses

***

Prologue: Dreams of A Woman with No Memories of a Past

***

        “Hello!” Yelled the little girl. “Mommy! Hotaru!” The little girl
shivered. It was scary. The
Courtyard had never been deserted like this.

The little girl began to walk around. Her head hurt. Her wrists and neck
were burning. It was so painful that it made her dizzy. She stumbled around.
The whole land was torn up.

“…” The little girl gasped. She could see smoke coming from the local town.
Something was on fire.
She began to run toward the town. That was probably were everyone was at.
They had probably gone to put out the fire.
She started walking down the street. No one was around. Buildings were on
fire, but no one was around to even notice them.
        “Please…” The girl was holding back tears. “Don’t leave me alone…”

It was so quiet. All she could hear were the crackling of the fire. She felt
like someone was watching. Everywhere she looked the shadows seemed to be
following her. Closing in on her.
*Crack *

        The little girl began to run. Something was following her and it
wasn’t
anything friendly, she knew that much. Something had happened. But what?

        She fell.

        “Arr… Ugh… Arr…” Her leg had been caught by a vine, but what was
strange
was that it seemed have just grown and wrapped itself around her leg.

        “I got to get out of here!” the little gasped as she pulled at her
leg “I
got to get help!”

        “Hello there.”

        “Huh? What?” The little girl turned her head. She was facing a young
woman
dressed in what seemed to be vines? It didn’t scare her. She had seen her
mother talk with people like this woman.

        “Help me, Arrr…” the little girl yelped as the vine just got tighter
as she
struggled. “I’m stuck.”

        The young woman held out her hand to the little girl and the little
girl
grabbed it and the vines just slithered off her legs.

        “…” The little girl gasped “Do.. you… know…… what happened?

        “What happened was the awakening of a goddess who has been
overpowered for
along time…” said the women in a what seemed to be a sorrowful voice.

        “ Then…” the girl didn’t quite understand, she looked up “ Where is
everyone?”

        “That’s just it…” the woman’s voice became more serious “The goddess
finally overpowered the thing that was overpowering her, releasing all her
power, which destroyed the land and put people to sleep until she decides to
awaken them again.”

        “There is nothing here for you,” the women seemed to become very
sorrowful
“ small one.”
With that the lady grabbed the girl’s hand and began to lead her off to a
light, which seemed to go straight into the sky into space.

        “Stop right there!” someone yelled.

        Both the woman and the girl turned to face a very battered looking
spiky
red head.

        “Aunt Washu!” The girl was about to dash at her Aunt, but the woman
yanked
her away from the spiky red head. “Please let go,” gasped the girl, “ that’s
my Aunt!”

        “Let her go Crosa!” yelled the spiky red head.

        “You have violated a very important part of The Will!” yelled the
woman at
the red head, “You illegally kept a would be goddess without informing the
Holy Counsel and not only did you do that, but you kept her awakening
delayed by giving your gems to keep her from awakening!”

        “You KNEW that if you did that, that eventually she would overpower
you and
when she would awaken cause great chaos!” The woman was very angry.

        “What else could we do?!” yelled the red head, “Give her to the
counsel to
kill, so they felt safer that she wouldn’t turn out to be a dark goddess!”

        “You must understand, Washu, that we do this for the safety of the
triverses and the realm!” The woman yelled!

        The little girl wasn’t understanding anything that they were saying.
The
triverses? The realm? She had heard her mother and Aunts talk like this
before, but she never bothered to understand.

        “So what are you going to do to her now?!” yelled the red head.

        “That is for the Counsel to decide.” Answered the woman firmly.

        “What!” yelled the red head.

        “If you must know,” once again the voice of the woman’s became
sorrowful,
“we will have her regenerated and then have her killed.”

        The red head seemed to have not responded to this. She made some
type of
noise, but you couldn’t hear her very well.

        At the mention of killing the little girl. The little girl began to
struggle against the grasp of the woman’s hand, but just like the vine, the
more she struggled the tighter the grip of the hand got.

        “As for you and your sister, Tsunami,” the woman’s voice began to
shake, “
the Counsel has decide to have you enter the other triverses as different
forms for you punishment.”

        “ And for the Empress?” asked the red head finally looking up.

        “She too will be punished, but will remain on Orianna,” said the
woman “
she will be kept to keep the seals, between the triverses closed.”

        “You can’t do that!” yelled the red head “She’s to weak right now!”

        “We have taken notice that the Empress is part Jurian and that when
she
does finally expire Lady Tokimi will take her position.”

        “But the child…” The red heads voice seemed to be getting quieter, “
is
only six years old.”

        *Pop*

        *Pop*

        Two men appeared behind the spiky red head and grabbed her.

        “Take her to the Counsel to be done as her sister was.”

        “Yes, Lady Crosa.” The men said together.

        “Run!” yelled the spiky red head to the little girl, “Run now, Small
one!”

        The little girl began to struggle. She could hear her Aunt yelling.
She was
getting tired and was having trouble breathing.

        “No…” said little girl, “Not again…”

        Her eyes became drifty and a blue rounded diamond shaped mark
appeared on
her forehead.

        “Let her go!” yelled the girl.

        She raised her hand the woman was blasted backward as was the men.

        “Run, Small One!” yelled the Spiky Red Head.

        The little girl came out of her daze and began to run away as fast
as she
could.

        “Get the girl! Before it’s to late!” yelled the woman.

        She could feel the men chasing her. She wasn’t going to make it. She
tripped over her dress and fell into a puddle. She struggled to get back up
and run. They were right behind her. She had to get to the temple. She would
be safe there. She began to run up the steps, tripping on her dress
occasionally.

        “Relina! Daddy!” sobbed the little girl.

        She knew that they weren’t there, she knew that she had lost. The
men were
going to capture her.  She became dazed again and stopped crying and fell
backward. Her wrists and neck hurt so much. She was losing conscience. It
began to rain.

        “At least the rain will stop the fires…” said the little girl sadly.

        “ I did all of this…” the girl said quietly, “I am to blame…”

        “Lady of the Lake, the Tree, the Sky…”

        “Punish me and save the ones who are being punished for me.”

        “Please…” the little girl began to sob, “Don’t leave me alone!”

        The girl fell into darkness.

“Ryoko! Ryoko!” yelled someone’s voice.

“Please…”

“Don’t Leave me alone…”

*Tap*  *Tap*

“Come on Ryoko!”

“Don’t leave me alone!”

“All right! That’s it I’m…”

~*Well that's it! I know it's a bit confusing, but it should start clearing
up in the first Chapter. I must warn you though that I'll be twisting facts
of Tenchi Muyu alot, so if you start reading my fanfic and disapprove just
stop reading. Comments and Suggestions are highly apprecitiated!
AAngel942@hotmail.com