DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! and all original characters therein are copyright AIC 
and Pioneer Entertainment.  Additional characters copyright Ian Sagat 2001.  
This story copyright Ian Sagat 2001. 

AUTHOR'S NOTES: I recently saw what was probably THE worst anime I've ever had 
the displeasure of wasting memory cells on, "Iczelion".  And I thought "Tenchi 
in Tokyo" was bad.  I just want to warn you in advance, avoid this plotless crap 
AT ALL COSTS.

Anyway, on with the story.

TENCHI MUYO!: WAR AND PEACE
A FANFIC BY IAN SAGAT

"I have come here to chew bubblegum and kick ass...and I'm all out of 
bubblegum."
	-"Rowdy" Roddy Piper


CHAPTER 3: CONFRONTATIONS


	Lord Xida Voctievin walked rapidly down the hallway leading to the main 
communications room, followed by two palace guards.  He reached the entrance, 
which was manned by another pair of guards, who straightened themselves and 
their battle staves to "attention" as he arrived.  With a "swish" the door 
opened and he entered the communication center, pulling on his flowing purple 
robes as to not get them caught in the doorway.  The communication room was 
circular, with about a dozen stations each manned by a comm. officer.  You could 
barely make out a word anyone was saying over the electronic noises and the 
dozen conversations going on at once.  He looked back at his bodyguards.
	"Wait outside." he ordered.  The two men bowed respectfully and exited the 
room.  Xida walked over to one of the comm. officers, who looked up at him from 
his chair, then looked over his shoulder, then nodded.  He removed his headset 
and gave it to Xida, who then put it on.  The operator flipped a switch, and the 
playback began.
	"This is Princess Sasami! Is anyone picking this up? Please! You must warn 
the royal family that a dangerous person is approaching and will be there in 
less than a day! Are you reading me? Is anyone picking this up back home?"  The 
message continued along those lines for another several minutes, Sasami 
desperately looking for a response before finally giving up.  Xida removed the 
headset and gave it back to the officer.
	"Has anyone else heard this?" he asked quietly enough so no one other than 
the officer could here.
	"No, my Lord.  I have come only to you with this, as you instructed me." 
He replied.
	"Good.  Continue monitoring her transmissions and make sure none get 
through. We will not be stopped now.  You have done well, and you will be 
rewarded when the great change comes about."
	"Thank you, My Lord." Said the officer as he bowed his head.  He resumed 
his work as Xida left the room and began back down the hall, the door guards 
repeating their gesture and his bodyguards following him as he passed by.  He 
was completely silent and his face emotionless, save for a slight smirk across 
his lips.

	With a slight smirk across her lips, Mayuka leapt forward and spun her bo 
staff down at her brother, who easily blocked it with his own.  She let out a 
war cry and spun 360 degrees around, keeping the bo parallel to the ground and 
partially tucked under her armpit.  Shen brought his to the side and deflected 
it, letting Mayuka's momentum carry her past his right side.  He brought the 
half of his staff that was lower to the ground up in an attempt to catch his 
sister in the chin, but she simply tilted her head to one side to dodge to the 
blow.  Both spun away from each other and ended up in almost the exact same 
crouching stance, left arm and open palm out towards the opponent, bo staves 
along their right arms and tucked under their armpits.  They both smiled.
	"Not bad! Bravo!" Kirei shouted from her bench on the sidelines as she 
clapped.  "You too look pretty evenly matched!"
	"We shall see." Shen said simply.  This time, he was the first to attack 
with a mighty yell.  The two of them thrusted, parried, dodged, and swung like 
something out a choreographed kung-fu film, their bo's clacking against one 
another in an almost rhythmic fashion.  Despite their best attempts and amazing 
acrobatics, neither could get the upper hand.  This went one for several 
minutes, both fighters losing the sense of amusement they had at the beginning 
of the duel to replace it with intense concentration and determination.  This 
did not go unnoticed by Kirei, who began to see the brows of her siblings furrow 
with intensity as well as sweat.  Their blows became harder against each other, 
the staves buckling and bending with each impact.  Some of the moves being 
thrown would actually do some serious damage if they weren't being dodged or 
blocked.  
	Kirei began to get nervous, but decided against saying anything as to not 
distract them, which in itself might cause an accident.  Besides, she figured 
they really wouldn't hurt each other.  Both fighters went on for another minute 
with no pause, and just when it seemed like neither of them would give out, 
something did.  With an unexpected axe kick downward, Shen brought his heel down 
on the middle of Mayuka's weakened bo, cracking it in two.  The sudden change in 
her weapon's condition caused her to lose her balance and stumble back a step.  
Taking advantage, Shen leveled a wicked spin kick with his other leg at his 
sister's head.  The two halves of her bo held too awkwardly in her hand to 
block, she amazingly found the leverage to dodge by back flipping away, the kick 
barely missing.  She landed hard in a crouch, one knee on the ground.  Shen 
grunted in frustration at losing his upper hand, taking up a defensive position.  
Mayuka twirled the halves in her fingers so that she was now holding them like a 
pair of riot batons.  "Not bad, Shen, but not good enough either!" she shouted 
as she sprung from her crouched position in much the same way as a sprint 
runner.  She worked the makeshift akimbo batons like a pair of pistons, striking 
at Shen from all sides.  It was all he could do to parry each blow as he was 
forced to back up.  After a series of successfully unbalancing blows, she jumped 
into the air and raised both batons over her head, than came down and brought 
both down hard in a chopping motion.  Shen brought his bo up in time, but the 
force of the impact pushed him down to a knee with a grunt.
	The two were now pressed into a test of strength.  Shen was down on one 
knee; his back arced to the rear, pushing up on his bo like a bench presser.  
The force of the resistance was Mayuka's batons, pushing down on his staff as 
she leaned over him, using her body weight and every inch of power she could 
muster.  She managed to push down far enough so that the batons were on each 
side of Shen's head, a mere inch from his ears.  But Shen proved to be the 
better fighter when it came to brute strength, as he began to push her back up.  
Both growled like animals through clenched teeth, and Shen was able to come off 
his knee.  Mayuka knew she had to do something or he would push her off, but 
couldn't find the room.  Then, an idea hit her, if she couldn't gain an 
advantage, she could at least bring them to the same level.  With a move that 
surprised Shen as well as Kirei, who had at some point stood from her bench in 
anticipation, she lifted both her feet off the ground in a drop kick maneuver, 
but used one leg to kick Shen's bo out of his hands and over her head, and the 
other to kick him in the sternum.  Shen gasped as the wind was knocked out of 
him and he staggered back.  Mayuka let out an "oof" of her own as she landed 
flat on her back, the impact causing her to drop the batons.  
	Mayuka rose to her feet, breathing heavily, sweat dripping from her face 
and making her now loose blue hair sticky.  Shen was in much the same condition, 
clutching his chest where Mayuka had kicked him.  They stood silent for several 
seconds, panting.
	"Damn, you guys really got into that.  It looks like a draw to me.  But I 
think it's time to quit before you really hurt each other." Kirei said now that 
they had stopped.  But it was like they didn't hear her, that the only people in 
the universe were them.  She sensed something was very wrong.  "Hey, come on 
guys! You can go clean up and get something to eat, and I can get those seeds 
for you Mayuka..." 
	Mayuka's head snapped around at her at the mention of her name, and Kirei 
gasped.  Her eyes were no longer the cheerful amber ones that should have been 
there, but now contained narrow, feral red pupils.  Mayuka snapped back to look 
at Shen, who also had a glazed look in his eyes.  The two siblings took up 
unarmed fighting stances.
	"Hey! Cut it out you two! You're scaring me!" Kirei shouted, but to avail.  
Shrieking like a wild animal, Mayuka lunged at her half-brother, who growled 
defiantly in return, and they erupted into a flurry of punches and kicks.
Kirei was frantic.  "Ashitaka! Get my parents! Hurry!" she yelled at the guards 
at the entrance to the courtyard, who had also become enthralled, and visibly 
nervous, by the fight. 
	"Yes, princess!" he yelled as he disappeared out the doorway.

	"They're not in the Royal Garden, Highness.  And the no one has seen them 
in the Great Hall either." Mayan stated to Ryoko.  Ayeka and Washu, who were 
standing behind her, looked at each other apprehensively.
	"And they sure as hell weren't at the Tree Nursery.  Check their bedrooms, 
the Banquet Hall, and the sparring courts.  If they're not there, check every 
inch of the palace from one end to next.  I want my children found, Mayan, now." 
Ryoko said with mixed twangs of authority and nervousness.
	"Immediately Your Highness. I..." Mayan began to say as he was interrupted 
by an incoming message received in his helmet speakers.  He raised his hand to 
the helmet and listened for several seconds.
	"Understood." He said, then looked back at Ryoko.  "Highness, they are at 
the main sparring courtyard, and there may be something wrong."
	The three women looked at each other nervously.  "Meet me there!" Ryoko 
shouted as she floated into the air and teleported out of sight.  "Right, let's 
go!" Washu yelled as the others began to run to the courtyard.

	Mayuka was no longer throwing punches at Shen, but rather slashing at him 
with her hands like the claws of a vicious animal.  Shen may have been the 
stronger of the two, but Mayuka proved to be faster as she eventually managed to 
swipe him across the face, leaving three deep, red furrows in his cheek.  He 
growled in pain as he spun and backhanded her in the face as well, and both of 
them staggered back, hold their faces.  Blood trickled through Shen's fingers 
and down his face, while Mayuka had a similar red trickle from her mouth.
	"STOP IT!  You're going to kill each other!" Kirei shouted as she decided 
to forego her fears and run towards them.  Shen's closed his eyes and grit his 
teeth, and when his lids opened gain, his eyes held a terrible, pupil less red 
glow.  Energy crackled around him as licks of yellow electricity arced from his 
body.  His hair and clothes stood on end as he charged himself up, his voice 
rising into a barbaric cry of power.  Kirei stopped in her tracks.
	"Oh my God! SHEN!", but her worries for her brother soon were replaced by 
horror as she saw the transformation Mayuka was going through.  A red glow rose 
from Mayuka's chest, bright enough to illuminate her ribcage.  Her clothes 
stretched and tore off as her body grew in size and muscle mass.  From her skin 
grew a coat of purple-blue hair, and from her fingers extended feral claws.  
After her werewolf-like transformation, she laughed a maniacal demon's laugh.
Shen pulled energy into his hands and formed an energy sword, identical to his 
mother's other than the fact that it was yellow in color.  The two stood facing 
each other for several seconds, then, simultaneously lunged at each other.
	
	"Oh no!" Ryoko said aloud as she teleported into the arena just in time to 
see Shen form the energy sword.  She anticipated her son's move and flew as fast 
as she could across the courtyard.  Just before to two lunging children 
connected, she flying tackled Shen out of the way of Mayuka's swipe, but ended 
up catching it herself as she felt a stab of pain in her ribs.  The mother and 
son hit the ground and skidded to a halt, Shen's blade extinguishing.  Shen 
immediately began to struggled to break free of his mother's pin.
	"Shit, he's so strong, can barely..." Ryoko thought to herself, but was 
interrupted by a scream behind her.  She turned to see Mayuka coming down from a 
mammoth leap, ready to pounce on her.  Ryoko, arms busy holding Shen down, had 
no time to react.  Se gritted her teeth, ready to take Mayuka's attack.
	"NOOOOOOOO!!!!" Kirei screamed from nearby.  Mayuka slammed to a stop in 
mid air as if she hit an invisible wall, and arcs of electrical power soared in 
every direction.  A bubble formed around Mayuka, as well as a dozen or so Jurai 
Power Logs.  Mayuka swiped futilely at the force field, suspended in mid-air.  
Ryoko looked at Kirei. Her arms were at her sides, fists balled, hair waving 
skyward.
	"I won't let you hurt them! Stop it now! All of you!" she yelled.  Some
of the energy from the force bubble began reacting with Shen's energy arcs, 
causing licks of discharging power to shoot in several directions.  Some of the 
arcs were hitting Ryoko, who yelled in pain with each jolt. She held Shen closer 
as to keep him from getting hit.
	"STOP IT NOW!" Kirei said, her voice raising to a godlike volume. "You're 
hurting your mother!"  Mayuka stopped slashing, and looked confusingly at Kirei.  
She then looked down at the battered Ryoko, and tears began to flow from her now 
yellow eyes.  
	"Ma...Mother? Mommy Ryoko? What..." she began to say, but then leaned back 
in the bubble and passed out, transforming back into the human Mayuka.  Shen's 
eyes also returned to normal, the energy dissipating around him.  He looked into 
his mother's eyes, only inches from his.  
	"M-mother? What...are you alright? Mother..." he began to say, stumbling 
over his words.  He then realized what had been happening.  "You...your hurt!  
You were protecting me! You should have gotten clear..."
	"Nonsense." Ryoko said, smiling weakly, a trickle of blood escaping her 
mouth.  "I'd do anything to protect my son...OUR son.  Besides, your old mom is 
tougher then you think."  She began to get up, and Shen sprang to help her to 
her feet, her arm draped over his shoulder.  They watched as Kirei gently 
lowered to unconscious Mayuka to the ground and dissipated her force field.  
Kirei's hair lowered to its normal state, and she fell to her knees, exhausted.  
She sobbed quietly.  It was at this time Ayeka, Washu, Mayan, and several guards 
rushed into the courtyard.  The all stopped and gasped at the scene before them.
	"Dammit! We're too late!" said Washu.
	"Oh my God! Ryoko!" Ayeka yelled as she ran to her side.  She helped Shen 
by propping Ryoko's other arm over her shoulder as well.
	"I'm sorry, we were fighting and she got caught in the middle trying to 
protect me, it's all my fault." Shen apologized.
	"Don't worry about that, let's just get her to the infirmary." Ayeka said 
gently.  "And yourself as well." She added, noticing his cheek wounds.  Ryoko 
coughed.  
	"Hey, I've had worse, ya know.  I'll be fine, I think I just need to lay 
down for a bit that's all." said Ryoko, coughing again.  Washu went to Kirei's 
side.
	"Kirei, are you OK?" she asked, kneeling down.
	"I don't know what happened, one minute they were just sparring, and the 
next thing I knew, they were...were..." she answered through sobs.
	"Shhhh, it's OK little one." Washu comforted. "We'll sort this out soon."
She patted Kirei's head gently, then walked over to the unconscious Mayuka.  
Mayan had already removed his long hooded cape and covered her naked body.
	"She seems to be alright, Professor Washu, she is breathing a little 
erratic however."  Mayan said to her as she materialized her holo-laptop and 
began pecking away.
	"Her body is in shock, but she should recover." Washu affirmed.  She 
looked up Shen, who was looking nervously at Mayuka and Washu.  "OK, let's get 
everyone to the infirmary, now!" She ordered.  Mayan picked up the comparatively 
frail Mayuka wrapped in his cape like a blanket, cradling her in his massive 
arms, as Shen and Ayeka walked Ryoko out of the courtyard and to the infirmary.  
Washu took the still upset Kirei by the hand, and they and the other guards 
followed suit.

	"Why can't I get through?" Sasami said aloud to no one in particular, 
although Ryo-Ohki was still by her side.  She had been trying on and off to 
contact Planet Jurai and her sister for the past 8 hours, and was quickly 
becoming frustrated, and exhausted.  "That man must be jamming us or something." 
She sighed.  "Azaka, turn the comm. system back off and divert it's power to the 
engines again."
	"Yes, Princess." answered the log.  The comm. channel closed with a 
"frizz".
	"Sasami, I'm worried about Tenchi and Ryoko and the others." The cabbit-
girl said, eyes misty.
	"Me too, Ryo-Ohki."  They stood in silence for several moments.
	"Sasami? Who's Tokimi? I heard you shout her name.  Who is she?" asked the 
little cabbit-girl finally.
	"I...I wish I knew Ryo-Ohki.  I mean, I DO know, but I don't.  Actually, 
Tsunami knows, not me.  And she hasn't told me anything about her.  I think 
she's waiting for the right time to tell me." Sasami finished, not sure if she 
believed what she had said herself.
	"The right time? If that man was a servant of this Tokimi like you think, 
and he's heading for our friends, don't you think NOW is the right time?!" Ryo-
Ohki yelled in an uncharacteristically firm tone.
	"I guess so, but it's up to her, not me.  She only makes her powers 
available to me when she wants to." Sasami answered quietly.  She looked up at 
the stars as they flew by outside the ships view port.  "Dammit, Ryo-Ohki, if 
only I could warn them!  If I had Tsunami's telepathic powers I could..."  
Sasami stopped in mid-sentence, then looked wide-eyed at Ryo-Ohki, who looked 
back quizzically.  "That's it! You can send a mental message to Ryoko!  You are 
still linked with her, right?"
	"Yes...I guess...miya." Ryo-Ohki stammered, "But we haven't used that link 
for years!  There's no use for it anymore.  I don't think I even remember how!"
	"You have to!  You have to try!" Sasami ordered.  The look in her eyes was 
one of desperate pleading.
	"OK, I'll try, but we're much too far out right now.  I'll warm myself up, 
and try to reach her from the maximum distance I can."
	Sasami smiled widely, and a tear rolled down her cheek.  She then embraced 
Ryo-Ohki in a firm Misaki-inherited hug.  "Oh, thank you Ryo-Ohki! I'm counting 
on you!"
	"Ack! Miya! OK, but if you don't let go I won't be contacting anybody!"

	Tenchi, Funaho, and Katsuhito had all gone to the infirmary as soon as 
they had gotten word of what had happened.  When they got there, they saw Shen 
on one bed, sitting up and watching Washu run some scanner over Ryoko, who was 
sitting on the edge of another bed and protesting Washu's prodding.  Ayeka was 
comforting a still shaken Kirei, who looked up and saw the new arrivals.
	"Dad!" she yelled as she ran into his arms and began to sob.  He gently 
brushed her hair.  "I was so scared!  I'm sorry I didn't stop them earlier."
	"Shhhh...it's OK Kirei, you didn't do anything wrong."  He looked over at 
Ayeka, who had a readably concerned expression.  Funaho and Katsuhito were at 
the still unconscious Mayuka's bed.  
	"Will she be alright, Little Washu?" Funaho asked.
	"Yeah, she'll be fine.  She's just burnt out, so to speak. And speaking of 
burnt..." Washu said as she poked one of the burns on Ryoko's shoulder.
	"YOW!" Ryoko yelled, "Watch it, Nurse Payne!"
	"It's actually healing quite nicely.  Your regenerative powers are a 
little sluggish these days though." Washu noted.  "You need to be a little more 
careful."
	"My son was in danger, Washu.  After all the trouble I went through to 
have him: gaining Tenchi's love, genetic tweaking by you so I actually could 
bear his child, not to mention the exquisite pain I went through actually HAVING 
you..." Ryoko said, now looking up Shen, "I wasn't about to loose you.  You are 
a special part of me, Shen, and NOTHING will ever keep me from protecting you, 
not even death itself."  Shen looked at his mother with a look of shame mixed 
with understanding.  "But if you EVER pull a stunt like that again..."
	"He couldn't help it, Ryoko. Washu told us already." Ayeka chimed in.  
"None of them could."
	"Help what?  What exactly happened?" Tenchi asked.  So Washu once again 
explained to Tenchi, Funaho, and Katsuhito the subject of the children and their 
awakening powers.  Tenchi was a little dumbfounded by the time she was finished.
	"You mean I passed on some of Tsunami's power to them? Even Mayuka?"
	"Yes," Washu said, "She still has half your DNA even though she was an 
artificial creation."
	"Wha...?" came the groggy reply from Mayuka's bed, whom had apparently 
woken up upon hearing her name.  "D-Daddy? Is that you?"  Tenchi walked over to 
her and took her hand.
	"Yes, Mayuka, it's me.  Are you feeling alright?" he said gently.
	"I'm a little dizzy.  Oh no!  Shen! Is he OK?  I think I hurt him."
	"I'm fine, sister." the up until now silent Shen said, as he walked over 
and stood next to her.  Mayuka noticed the slight red marks on his face.
	"But your face!  I'm sorry..." she apologized, tears welling in her eyes.
	"It's fine.  It doesn't hurt, and Washu's cream she gave me will make it 
so no scars remain.  Besides, it's all my fault.  I'm the one who had the idea 
for the duel."  He said, looking up at Tenchi.  "It was my fault.  I took things 
too far for the reason of foolish pride.  I take full responsibility, father.  
Please don't punish the girls, I'll take any punishment for them."
	Tenchi chuckled and smiled.  Such nobility.  "Nobody is getting punished, 
Shen.  It was an accident.  Besides, the anniversary is tomorrow, I can't very 
well have my only son locked in his room can I?"
	Shen looked a little confused, then smiled.  There was a grunt from behind 
them.
	"Hmmph.  Your much too lenient, Tenchi.  Do you recall your punishments 
for doing foolish things?" Katsuhito asked, only half jokingly.
	"Yes, and I swore I'd never make MY kids sit in a shed and meditate in 
silence for hours on end.  It was torture!"  Tenchi yelled.
	"Come now, Yosho.  What about things YOU did as a child?  I swear you were 
totally uncontrollable back then.  Shall I tell them some of the stunts YOU 
pulled?  Or how you were grounded for almost half a year once?"  Funaho said.  
This got some strange looks from the others in the room, as well as a few 
smirks.
	"Granpa?  YOU were a bad kid?  I don't believe it!"  Tenchi said with a 
laugh.  Yosho just cleared his throat.
	"Lord Katsuhito, you naughty little boy.  I shall have to hear about this 
sometime."  Washu said as she looked at Funaho.  They both shared a knowing 
smile.
	The group ended up remaining in the infirmary for another hour, talking 
about the new potential the children had shown, and assuring them they had done 
nothing wrong.  They decided that after the anniversary they would start having 
lessons on how to control their powers; Shen would get his from Washu back at 
the academy, Kirei from her mother, and Mayuka from Yosho back on Earth.  They 
were all about to call it a night after Washu finally said she was done with the 
analysis of them when a frantic Misaki burst into the room, followed by Kiyone, 
Mihoshi, and Nobuyuki.
	"Oh my poor dears!  Are they OK?!" she yelled, fountains of tears erupting 
from her eyes.  And so the group stayed another half hour re-explaining to the 
new arrivals everything that had happened.  Then Tenchi called it in.
	"OK everyone.  We all have a big day tomorrow.  Rehearsal is at 7 in the 
morning, and the guests start arriving at 2:00, so get some good sleep tonight."
	So the group all said their goodnights and left for their respective 
bedrooms and a full night's rest.

	Shen walked Mayuka to her door after saying goodnight to Kirei, whose room 
was right next to his.
	"You know, you were a lot tougher than I thought.  I'm proud to say you 
are my sister, even if you are a little immature." Shen complimented/insulted.
	"Yeah, you're not so bad yourself.  I'm glad you're my brother, even if 
you are a stuck-up prick." Mayuka retorted with a smirk.  "Oh well, guess we 
don't find out why mom attacked dad back then."
	"And I guess I don't humiliate myself by asking Captain Kiyone out."  They 
both chuckled.  
	"Good night, Shen."   
	"Good night, Mayuka."  Shen replied.  Mayuka began to open her door when 
Shen spoke again after taking a few steps away.
	"Mayuka?"
	"Yes?" she said, turning around.
	"It didn't come up in there, because I know that they had seen it before, 
from what I was told of...your past." he began, then paused, considering his 
words,  "But I must ask.  That...thing...you turned into.  That was from...your 
mother?  From Yuzuha?"
	Shen was facing away from her, so he didn't see the look of pain that came 
across Mayuka's face.  Her mother was a difficult subject for her to deal with, 
knowing what she was and that she had tried to kill her father.  They told her 
as soon as she was old enough to understand, and it had taken nearly an entire 
month for her to cope.  But she knew that her family and friends would love her 
no matter what her background or past, especially after Ryoko had sat her down 
and told her she had the same feelings sometimes, but that she accepted who she 
was and had moved on.
	"Yes.  I've always known...FELT it inside me, lurking, waiting to come 
out. But until now, its always just been a whisper in the back of my head.  Now, 
I don't know.  I don't know if I want that part of me to come out ever again."  
She said, a single tear trickling down her face.  "I don't know if I can trust 
myself."  She began to sob.  She thought Shen would scold her for being immature 
again, but instead felt his hands place themselves on her shoulders.  He turned 
her around and looked her in the eyes.
	"I'll trust you, if you'll trust me." He said, and smiled.  Mayuka 
sniffled and wiped away her tears.
	"Thank you, Shen." She said simply.  He then kissed her on the cheek, and 
they embraced tightly, as brother and sister, and as children afraid to grow up.

	Ryoko, Ayeka, and Tenchi looked on from down the hall, hidden by a large 
pillar.  Shen and Mayuka broke their embrace and Mayuka went into her room as 
Shen walked back to his.
	"They'll be fine, as long as they have us and each other to lean on."  
Ayeka whispered.
	"Yeah.  They're tough little kids."  Ryoko whispered as well.
	"Come on, let's leave them alone.  I'm tired as hell, walking around all 
day.  Plus I didn't get much sleep last night thanks to a couple of females 
whose names I won't mention."  Tenchi said mockingly.
	"And what makes you think you're getting any tonight?"  Ryoko said as she 
looked slyly over her shoulder at Tenchi.  Tenchi just gulped.
	"Ayeka, do something!" Tenchi said, stepping back.
	"Why? You know watching us keeps you awake just as long as joining us." 
Ayeka said smiling as the girls turned and began to close in on their prey.
Tenchi then did what no other man in the universe other than himself would do in 
that situation...he turned and ran.  They watched as he rounded a corner out of 
sight.
	"Hmmm, guess I'll have to use the straps tonight." Ayeka said to her 
companion, arms crossed.
	"You love that stuff, don't you Ayeka?"  Ayeka looked coyly at Ryoko.
	"Call me 'Princess'."  Ryoko just rolled her eyes and chuckled.
	"Don't start that shit again."  The two then locked arms and slowly walked 
to their bedroom to snare their wayward husband.

	The door to Xida's dimply lit room opened as Tarkin arrived.  He 
immediately sat down across from Xida, who was drinking a cup of sake and 
reading a book.
	"He will be here right on schedule." Tarkin said in his raspy voice.
	"Yes, I know.  He had a run-in with Princess Sasami on the way here, by 
the way." He answered, not looking up from his book.
	"What? But..." he began.
	"Do not worry, she won't be able to warn anyone, I have seen to that.  You 
have our people placed in the needed locations tomorrow?" 
	"Yessss," Tarkin said, elongating the "s" like a serpent would.  "He can 
land and walk right into the main hall with no problems."
	"Good.  Lady Tokimi will reward us well when this is over."
	"Did you here the rumor about an incident between the children?"  Tarkin 
asked.
	"Yes, I caught wind of that. Apparently Ryoko was injured.  Too bad she 
won't have any time to recover."
	"Yes, we can finally be rid of that sniveling boy and his bitch pirate for 
good, not to mention that little half-breed bastard of theirs."
	"And what of Ayeka?"  Xida asked.  Tarkin licked his scarred lips.
	"She is of pure blood.  I will give her and her sister a chance.  They can 
be with me, or die like the rest of them."  Xida looked up from his book.
	"Tomorrow, my old friend, we will have our revenge.  Everything will 
change, and we shall rule a new, pure, strong Jurai."  He put the book down and 
poured two saucers of sake, giving one to Tarkin.
	"To change, and revenge." He said, raising his saucer in toast.
	"And victory." Tarkin added, and they both drank to the destruction of the 
Masaki Family.


ANNIVERSARY DAY


	And so the Masaki Family awoke on this, the day of the 20th anniversary of 
the marriage between Tenchi Masaki, 232nd Emperor of Jurai, to Princess Ayeka 
Jurai of House Jurai, and Ryoko Hakubi, The Devil-Caller.  The entire group 
gathered for a massive breakfast, a seemingly worn-out Tenchi getting looks from 
a seemingly chipper pair of wives the whole time, and then immediately entered 
full dress rehearsals, of which they did three, minus the speeches (Ryoko, who 
hated every minute of this, was glad for THAT small blessing).  
	Soon a huge crowd began to gather outside the palace on the main field 
Washu, Ayeka, and Ryoko had looked out upon the day before.  A hundred or so 
stands of all kinds popped up, selling everything from food to little Juraian 
flags.  By noon the field held over 200,000 people, all waiting to see the Royal 
Family on this wonderful, clear purple-and-blue-sky day.  Media crews set up 
their cameras and made last minute checks to make sure the event was broadcast 
all over the Empire.  
	Inside the palace, servants and guards rushed every which way, making last 
minute preparations.  Everything from landing pad security for V.I.P.'s to 
seating arrangements to music and lighting was worked out in intricate detail.
	Around 1 o'clock the family had a light lunch (except Mihoshi, who didn't 
know the meaning of a "light" meal; damned if Kiyone didn't know how she kept 
her figure eating like that all the time) and began final preparations in their 
respective dressing rooms before the guests began to arrive.  Kirei and Mayuka 
shared a room, and both had a blast getting made-over for the ceremony, even 
going as far as to do each other's make-up a little.  Tenchi and his wives 
shared a room as well, and he marveled at how they could look even more 
beautiful then they usually were after some make-up and with exquisite dresses 
on.  They commented on his handsomeness in his Emperor's garb as well.  Shen, 
after getting made up rather quickly by his artists and tailors, decided to pay 
Kiyone and Mihoshi a visit in their dressing room.  Well, actually more Kiyone 
than Mihoshi.  Upon knocking and entering, he was awestruck by Kiyone in her GP 
dress uniform, usually straight hair done up to have noticeable waves in it.  
Mihoshi didn't look too shabby herself, and he would have noticed it had he ever 
taken his eyes off Kiyone.  He stammered a compliment and said he was looking 
for his parents' dressing room, then walked back out, face bright red.  Mihoshi 
nudged Kiyone and began singing "Kiyone Has A Crush", to which Kiyone replied 
that of course it would have to be from someone half her age.
	Soon it was 2 o'clock, and the first of the guests began to arrive and be 
ushered to their seats.  Tenchi and the entire family was "backstage", behind 
the thrones that had been set up, and could hear as each of the guests was 
loudly introduced into the rapidly filling hall.  Unbeknownst to anybody but 
himself, this was Tenchi's favorite part.  He never did get used to seeing the 
plethora of beings that inhabited his Empire, and liked seeing such strange and 
interesting creatures all gathered in one place.
	"King Kuzu of Deltan and entourage!" yelled the Head Usher as a human-
looking being (save for his totally red skin) dressed in traditional kingly 
attire entered the hall, followed by 5 or 6 servants and advisors.
	"Wow Kirei, you look absolutely gorgeous!" beamed Mihoshi, looking at 
Kirei in her intricate pink dress.
	"Thanks, Mihoshi, you look pretty good in that uniform.  You sure have a 
lot of medals!" Kirei noted, looking at the rack of ribbons on Mihoshi's chest.
	"Oh, these?  These all have a story behind them!  Like this one is from 
when we destroyed Kagato, and this one is from when me and Kiyone busted up that 
gang of Nerf smugglers, and THIS one..." Mihoshi began to point at each of her 
ribbons in a row.
	"Another time, Mihoshi!" Kiyone interrupted.  "Anyway, isn't your 
grandfather supposed to be next?" she added, pointing out into the crowd.
	"Oh yeah, I almost forgot!" Mihoshi chirped as she ran next to Kiyone and 
looked out over the stage.
	"Grand Marshall Troy Anderson of the Galaxy Police 6th Fleet!" yelled the 
usher as the burly, bearded, and blonde grandfather of Mihoshi entered the hall.
	"Grandpa! Oh grandpa! Over here!  Hi, grandpa!" Mihoshi shouted at the top 
of lungs over the noise of the crowd, waving her arm in the air.  Marshall 
Anderson saw her and gave her a wave, then went to his seat. 
	"Must you always wear all black, Shen?"  Ayeka asked him, noting his 
colorless yet snappy outfit.  "It's so gloomy."
	"Black absorbs all light, just as I absorb everything around me.  Plus 
anything matches it." Shen said matter-of-factly.  Ayeka sighed.
	"He just likes being all dark and broody.  We have people like that on 
Earth, they're called 'goth' kids." Mayuka teased.  She was wearing a dark blue 
and purple one-piece dress that hugged her trim figure.  She also decided to let 
her hair hang loose around her back and shoulders, much like her sister's.  Shen 
just snorted and looked out over the crowd.
	"Lady Aisha Clan-Clan of the K'tarl-K'tarl Empire and entourage!" shouted 
the usher again as a woman resembling a voluptuous half-woman, half-feline 
entered with several males of her species behind her.
	"Wow, she's kinda hot for an alien." Nobuyuki said, wearing his simple 
Earth-style tuxedo.
	"And just what is wrong with alien women?" Ryoko asked from beside him.  
She was wearing a Juraian-style light-blue dress with a VERY low cut v-shape in 
the back that she had designed herself, with a little help from Ayeka.
	"Eh, heh-heh, nothing at all!" he answered, scratching his head.
	"Well, Katsuhito, you look quite the gentleman today." Washu noted.  He 
was dressed in royal Juraian garb much the same as Tenchi's. All the Juraian 
women; Ayeka, Funaho, and Misaki, had on very similar outfits as well, except 
Ayeka's was mostly purple, Funaho's mostly green, and Misaki's mostly blue.
	"As do you, young Washu." He complimented back.  Washu was dressed in her 
Academy Uniform.
	"Oh my, everyone looks so CUTE!" Misaki said, hands clasped together and 
stars shining in her eyes.	
	"By the way, any word from Sasami or Ryo-Ohki?" Funaho asked her.  Her 
eyes suddenly turned sad.
	"No, not a word.  I sure hope she can make it.  It's funny, it shouldn't 
have taken THIS long for her to finish up, and she would have contacted us if 
she was on her way back."
	"President Lina Kuramitsu of Southern Kazikan!" announced the usher again.
	"Hi Auntie Lina!" Mihoshi yelled again as she waved at the dark-skinned, 
blonde woman similar looking to herself.  The women saw her and a large tear-
drop formed on her head as she quickly waved back and took her seat.
	"Just HOW many people here today are you related to Mihoshi?" Kiyone 
asked.
	"Only six." she answered.
	"Everyone! It's time." Tenchi suddenly yelled from where he was standing 
at a table.  On the table were fourteen gold cups.  Each person knew what it was 
about as they all went to the table and each picked up a cup.  In the cups was 
an old vintage of some red Earth wine that Tenchi had bought a case of back a 
long time ago, just for these special occasions.  They all gathered in a circle 
as he raised his glass.
	"Before the ceremony begins, let us have a private family toast as we 
always have.  To twenty wonderful and exciting years together, and to twenty 
more wonderful and exciting years to come." He said.
	"To twenty years of perfect love..." Ryoko began, raising her glass.
	"...and perfect relationships." Ayeka finished, raising hers.
	"To fathers and sons." Shen, Nobuyuki, and Katsuhito all said in unison.
	"To mothers and daughters." Mayuka, Washu, Kirei, Funaho, and Misaki all 
said together.
	"And to lasting friendships!" Kiyone and Mihoshi finished.  Now all their 
glasses were raised in the center of the circle.
	"And..." added Tenchi on last time, "To those of us who couldn't be here." 
He said, looking down at the two remaining glasses on the table that were for 
Sasami and Ryo-Ohki.
	"Both in this world and the next." Nobuyuki added too.  Everyone knew what 
he meant by that.
	"Kempai!" Tenchi yelled.
	"Kempai!" came the chorus from the others as they all clinked glasses and 
drank.  They put the cups down on the table just as Mayan entered the room. 
      "Your highnesses, the Holy Council is assembled, and the guests are almost 
all here.  It is time to greet the People of Jurai outside the palace before the 
ceremony begins." He said, head bowed.
	"Thanks, Mayan." Tenchi said.  "Ready girls?" he asked his wives.
	"Yes, my dear." Ayeka said, taking his arm.
	"Yeah, I like the part where I get to show off my husband to the whole 
planet." Ryoko said, taking his other arm.
	"Have fun!" Kirei said, waving.
	"Yeah, we'll warm up the crowd in here for ya!" said Washu.
	"OK, then lets go." Said Tenchi as he and his wives walked arm-in-arm to 
the balcony to greet their loyal subjects.	

	"Well, I guess that's the last of 'em.  How come I got stuck on parking 
duty?"  said the Juraian guard sarcastically.
	"Guiding the ships for all the foreign dignitaries is a very important 
job, you should be proud." answered his counterpart. They were in a control room 
on one of the large landing pads behind the palace, where over 50 ships of 
various sizes and shapes were now docked.
	"Yeah, I guess.  But what a pain!  Those damn Nomi didn't want to follow 
anything directions I gave them, and the Surians, ARGH!  Don't get me started on 
THEM." He said as he threw up his hands in frustration.  "They sure had us 
understaffed for this too.  The two of us to oversee the entire west side of the 
tarmac?"
	"Most of the other guards are working internal security, just be glad you 
don't have to stand in a doorway and not move for the next 5 hours."
	"True, true." the perturbed guard agreed.  Just then the door to the 
control room opened, and another pair of guards entered.
	"Hey you two, change of plans.  Lt. Shotai wants you to man the eastern 
control room." one of the guards said. 
	"What?" said the annoyed guard as he swung around in his chair.  "I didn't 
here about this.  Why didn't he just contact us directly over the commlink?"
	"Yeah, I'm not going all the way over there unless I here it from him.  
Where is he?" asked the other guard.  The other pair of guards looked at each 
other, then both quickly drew their sidearms.
	"What the...!"  "Shit!" the original pair of guards said as they stood 
from their chairs and reached for their own sidearms, but it was too late.  The 
intruders both fired almost simultaneously, one of them putting a laser blast 
right between the eyes of one guard, and the other dropping the annoyed guard 
with a heart shot.  Both slumped lifeless to the floor.
	"Lock the door." one of the guards ordered as he holstered his pistol and 
moved to the main control panel. The other guard also put his weapon away and 
typed a command into the panel that controlled the door.  It made a buzzing 
sound and a display that said "LOCKED" come to life.  He then joined his 
companion at the main control panel, stepping over the bodies and growing pools 
of blood.
	"There he is, right on time." said one as he pointed to a radar screen.  
It showed one blip, rapidly descending to their location.
	"I see our friends at Planetary Forcefield Control have done their part.  
Now it's our turn." he said as he typed in a few commands and spoke into the now 
active speaker.
	"Craft Omega, you are cleared for landing on Pad 13.  No obstacles remain.  
Proceed as planned."  A single "beep" was the only reply.
	High above the palace, the small, dark, oddly shaped craft began it's 
landing approach.

	Tenchi, Ryoko, and Ayeka all heard the roar of the crowd as they reached 
the doorway leading to the balcony that would reveal them to the assembled 
masses below.
	"Is the forcefield active?" Mayan asked a guard sitting at a terminal.  A 
forcefield generator had been set up to surround the balcony to prevent sniper 
attacks.  It was completely invisible to the people below, which is the only way 
Tenchi would allow it's use.  He didn't want the people below to feel separated 
from him, that he was...inaccessible somehow.
	"Yes, sir." answered the guard.
	"Everything is set, my Lord." Mayan then told Tenchi.
	"Thanks.  Let's do it." Tenchi replied as he and the girls walked out onto 
the balcony.  They were greeted by a deafening cheer from the sea of people 
spread out beneath them.  The trio cheerfully waved back, and the roar got even 
louder.  To Tenchi, this was always and uneasy and strange situation, having 
thousands of people he was technically ruler of cheering his mere presence.  To 
Ayeka, it was all natural.  She had seen her mothers and father do it a dozens 
of times before, and was raised a princess, so it was nothing more than a 
fulfillment of royal duties she had been preparing for her entire life.  Ryoko, 
well, she just loved attention of any kind. After about 3 full minutes, Tenchi 
walked up to the microphone that was set up on the balcony.  He waved his arms 
and the crowd quickly hushed.  Ayeka and Ryoko stood directly behind him.
	"I thank you for such a warm welcome, and for coming out her today to 
celebrate our anniversary." he said as his amplified voice carried out over the 
crowd.  "All I can say is, I hope I've been a good Emperor to you these past 20 
years.  I know that's not a long time for an Emperor here to rule, and the fact 
that I'm only partly Juraian doesn't go over well with some of the people here."
This elicited a reaction of people yelling "No!" "That's not true!" and such.  
Tenchi smiled.
	"I thank you again.  Your tolerance of me and Ryoko has been a wonderful 
example of how quickly the people of Jurai have grown in their open-mindedness.  
We've also grown out of the need to fight, as we haven't had a major conflict in 
a decade.  I hope to keep us in this state of peace for many more decades to 
come."  More cheers erupted from the crowd.  Tenchi's speech was going over 
well, thought Ayeka and Ryoko.  But not everyone was similarly impressed.
	
	"Can you believe this tripe?!" Tarkin spat at the screen, showing Tenchi 
continuing his speech on the balcony.  "This so-called 'open-mindedness' is 
exactly what is dragging this Empire to its knees!  The fact that the rest of 
the Council let that Earthling mutt and the bitch who did THIS..." he said as he 
pointed to scars on his face and neck "...take over the throne after Azusa's 
disappearance is proof of that!"
	"I agree, of course, my friend.  But there is no need to get worked up 
anymore." answered Xida, sitting in a chair behind him.  He held up his wrist, 
to show a watch-like device.  It had a single blinking red light.  Tarkin's eyes 
widened.
	"The sssssignal!" he rasped.  "He's here!"
	"Yes.  Now you will have your revenge, and I will regain my planet."
	"Finally."
	"But we still must put on our final charade.  Let's go take our places at 
Emperor's side." Xida said sarcastically as he got out of his seat.  The two 
traitors shared a laugh as the exited the room and went to the Great Hall to be 
announced with the rest of the Holy Council.

	The dark figure walked down the massive hallway, which was completely 
empty.  The hard-soled boots he wore clacked off the marble-like surface of the 
floor, causing the silence around him to be broken.  He had been told of the 
route to take, and the only guards he would encounter would be those loyal to 
Tarkin and Xida.  His face was hidden in shadow, and no matter where he walked, 
it seemed to stay that way, as if the darkness followed him.  He turned a corner 
and saw a pair of guards at a door.  They nodded and opened the door for him.  
The dark man never broke his steady pace and passed through the doorway just as 
they opened it.

	"Thank you again!" Tenchi concluded his speech and waved vigoursly goodbye 
to the roaring mass below as he walked back into the palace, along with his 
wives.  "Whew! God, I hate giving speeches.  Thanks for coaching me this past 
month, Ayeka." He said, wiping a little sweat off his brow.
	"Of course, my dear.  I couldn't have you making a fool of yourself now 
could I? She answered with a giggle.
	"I think it went pretty damn good.  They sure seemed to love you, Tenchi." 
Ryoko chimed in.
	"Yeah, I guess so." He said, then sighed loudly.  "Now we gotta go cater 
to the special crowd."
	"Yes my dear.  But the ceremony will make it worth it." Ayeka said.  The 
actual ceremony would consist of a quick welcome speech from Tenchi, then a few 
words about the Royal Trio from Washu, which, if last time was any indication, 
turned out to be more like a "Frier's Club" stand-up bit.  Then...
	"The reaffirmation of our vows of marriage."  Tenchi said, looking at his 
wives.  They smiled.
	"It always gives me goose bumps, just like the first time." Ryoko said.  
Tenchi recalled having something else other than goose bumps: nervousness-
induced nausea.
	"Highness, your family and the Holy Council have been announced and 
seated.  They await only your arrival." Mayan said as he walked up from the 
stairs that led back towards the Great Hall.
	"Right." Was all Tenchi said as they followed Mayan back to the Hall, but 
each with a little renewed pep in their steps.

	"Here they come!" Mayuka whispered to Kirei, who was sitting next to her 
in the front row in front of the Hall.  The Head Usher had walked from backstage 
and was now standing at the edge of the stage itself.
	"I hope his speech went well." Washu said from two seats to the left.
	"Mihoshi will you turn around? They're here!" Kiyone scolded her partner, 
who was facing backward and waving to her second cousin eight rows back.  
	The crowd quickly went quiet as the usher took his position.
	"ALL RISE!" he yelled, and all did in the crowd, as well as the Holy 
Council sitting in their chairs on the stage itself.  "I present to you The 
Emperor of Jurai, Tenchi Masaki, and his wives the Queens of Jurai, Ayeka 
Masaki-Jurai, and Ryoko Masaki-Hakubi!"  The Juraian Planetary Anthem, a 
triumphant orchestral piece, began to play as Tenchi, Ayeka, and Ryoko, arm in 
arm, walked out onto the stage.  The crowd immediately began to clap and cheer, 
and Mayuka could be seen jumping up and down and waving.  They reached the 
center of the stage in front of their thrones, and began to bow and thank the 
crowd, who continued to clap even more.  The Holy Council clapped behind them, 
even Tarkin and Xida, Xida managing a sincere looking smile.  Eventually the 
crowd's clapping a cheering subsided.  Tenchi spoke.
	"Thank you very much. Please, be seated." he said.  The crowd and Council 
did so, and Ryoko and Ayeka both kissed Tenchi on the cheek and took their 
seats, leaving Tenchi, and the guards around the room, the only ones standing.  
Tenchi began thanking and welcoming the crowd of dignitaries as Ryoko and Ayeka 
watched on in admiration.
	"He's grown in the role so much since we first came her." Ayeka said 
softly to Ryoko.
	"I'm so proud." Ryoko answered, still watching Tenchi.
	"As am I." Ayeka agreed.
	"We should be..." Ryoko began, then stopped.  She got a look of confusion 
on her face, then stress.  "W-What the...?" was all she could stammer out.  She 
gripped the armrests of her throne.
	"Ryoko! What's wrong?" Ayeka asked, seeing Ryoko's new state.
Washu's head perked up, feeling the same thing Ryoko was through their link.  
She also began to look confused, and worried.  **"Ryoko? What's wrong?"** she 
sent telepathically.
	**"I-I'm not sure.  I think it's...Ryo-Ohki! That's it!  She's trying to 
reach me!"** Ryoko sent back.
	**"Yes, I'm getting it now too.  But why? If she's trying to tell us 
they're almost back, wouldn't they just use the ship's comm. system?"**
	"Yeah, unless..." Ryoko said aloud.
	"Unless what? Ryoko, what's wrong?" Ayeka asked again.
	"Shhh! I need to concentrate!" She said, and squinted her eyes shut.  Lord 
Xida noticed her reaction, and wondered what could be going through that woman's 
head...

	"I got her!" Ryo-Ohki yelled, looking up from her meditation.  The ship 
had gotten within the Juraian solar system, which Ryo-Ohki figured was close 
enough to try and reach Ryoko.  One of the ship's engines had blown out from the 
stress put upon it for the past hours only minutes before.  "I can reach her, 
but just barely!"
	"Tell her quick!  He has to be on the planet by now!" Sasami yelled 
desperately.
	"OK, here goes..." the cabbit-girl answered as she re-entered her 
meditation.

	"Ryo-Ohki's trying to contact me."  Ryoko finally said, staying quiet as 
to not distract Tenchi, who was unawares and still giving his speech.
	"What? Ryo-Ohki? But why?" Ayeka asked, almost whispering.
	"I don't know yet." She answered shortly, eyes still closed.  **"Washu, 
give me a hand!"** she mentally asked her mother.
	**"Got it!"** she sent back, and the two began to focus on Ryo-Ohki's 
thoughts.  Slowly, the image and words began to form in their minds.  

	The dark figure had finally reached the doors to the Great Hall, which was 
the only obstacle he would have to traverse.  It was guarded on each side by a 
dozen Elite Juraian Guards, none of which were loyal to his insiders.  He simply 
continued to walk towards the door, body concealed in a black cloak, face still 
hidden by shadow.  It didn't take long for the guards to notice him.
	"Halt!" one yelled.  "Who are you?  How did you get in here?"  The dark 
figure continued his way towards them.  "I said halt!  Identify yourself!" he 
yelled, all the guards forming a line in front of the door, Jurai energy blades 
erupting to life.  The air around the dark figure began to warp, as if he were 
giving off heat, and his cloak began to flow around him from an unknown wind.  
What could be seen of the lower part of his face revealed a small, sinister 
grin.

	Meanwhile, Tenchi's speech came to an end.  The crowd clapped once again, 
and then went quiet.  "Well, then, let's begin!" Tenchi said with a smile.  He 
was about to introduce Washu when...
	"Tenchi!" Ryoko and Washu yelled in unison, both springing from their 
seats.  "We're in danger!" Ryoko screamed alone.  He would have turned around 
and asked what the hell she was talking about if the doors of the Great Hall 
hadn't swung violently open with a large explosion sound and slammed loudly to a 
stop against the walls.  The people in the crowd all yelled with surprise, most 
also jumping out of their chairs. A thick, acrid smoke filled the doorway.  
Everyone watched intently for the cause, and then, it appeared.
A man dressed in a black cloak that covered his entire body entered the Hall.  
He had short, spiky brown hair, and was about Tenchi's size.  He walked in a few 
steps, then stopped.  Everyone in the room was stunned to silence.  The man 
raised his head, revealing his face for the first time.  His eyes were a deep 
green, and he wore a smirk on his dark-skinned face.  He looked directly at 
Tenchi.
	"Please..." the stranger spoke, in a calm, but firm voice, "...as you 
said, Tenchi, let's begin."


End Chapter 3


Watch for Chapter 4: Revelations

Please send feedback to eraser1976@hotmail.com


	  

	




	 


	

	  

   



