DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! and all original characters therein are copyright AIC 
and Pioneer Entertainment.  Additional characters copyright Ian Sagat 2001.  
This story copyright Ian Sagat 2001.


PROLOUGE: Author's Notes

"No matter what it is, there is nothing that cannot be done.  If one manifests 
the determination, one can move heaven and earth as one pleases...moving heaven 
and earth without putting forth effort is simply a matter of concentration."

-Hagakure, Book of the Samurai



	A while ago, I set out to write an epic Tenchi story, one that would span 
the universe in which he lived, answer questions, create new ones, and all in 
all take a reader on a roller coaster ride of adventure and heartache, 
destruction and rebirth...war and peace.  But I failed.
	Now I can blame the fact that the events of September 11th turned my 
"part-time job" into a "full-time job", which it did, as I was sent all over 
these United States to support Operation Noble Eagle.  Or I could blame the 
schools I attended or social responsibilities I had.  But what's mostly to blame 
is the fact that I am a procrastinator, and just plain lazy.  I had plenty of 
time to write between missions, I just chose not to.  So now, almost a year 
after my initial attempt, I am back, and determined to finish what I began.  So 
for those of you who might remember the first chapters of this story, I 
apologize if you looked in vain for additional chapters.  If anything I spent 
too much time writing songfics when I should have been writing those.  I have 2 
and a half months left in the US before I am deployed to Germany and Bosnia for 
a total of 9 months, in which time I doubt I will have much time for anything.  
So I WILL get this done in that time...dammit.  There, I've said my piece.


STORY INSPIRATIONS:

	I make no pretenses, this story is going to be mostly straight up 
sci-fi/action, with a little bit of dark and WAFF elements, but not very much.
As far as character development and such, it takes place 20 years after the OAV 
and DOD movie, so I pretty much have the characters in the mode I felt they 
would eventually get too.  There are a million fanfics out there that are 
written to delve in the minds and motivations of Tenchi and the girls...this is 
not one of them.  It is also not going to be the most original fic you'll have 
read.  This is a third OAV speculatory fic, with some of the standard elements 
that entails, like Tokimi, Avatars, etc., plus answering a lot of the questions 
and hints presented in the OAV and rumors I've heard from the ACTUAL third OAV.  
But I do hope that there is enough originality that you don't guess everything 
way ahead of time. 
	You will see a lot of inspiration from Star Wars, Babylon 5, Gladiator, 
and Crouching Tiger.  The music from these movies also played a big part in my 
creative process, I suggest you listen to these soundtracks to get a feel for 
some of the scenes if they were live action.  So please do not send me "that was 
so Star Wars" flame e-mails...I already admitted it.  Like I said, this is just 
a fun action-packed romp through a world we all love, so sit back, take it at 
face value, and enjoy!

-Ian Sagat, May 2002 
