Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer.

Note- This is an OAV based saga. One slight difference is that the girls are a little bit 
friendlier to each other than they are in the actual show.

That was enough talk from me, so enjoy!




The War of the Destined
Chapter 4


Claytros, Zantron’s youngest warrior, stood face to face, along with his troops, at his 
adversaries. He eyed each one carefully, soaking up as much information possible on 
how to beat each of them on their own. Claytros stepped up to Tenchi and pulled out a 
green light sword from his belt. 

“I will fight you and only you. I will leave the rest of your friends to my minions. I 
honestly doubt that you will defeat me with having the majority of your group being 
mostly female,” Claytros stated calmly.

“You would be surprised at what these females can do. They could probably rid your 
entire troop in a majority of three hours,” said Tenchi, just as calmly.

“Then come boy, prepare to meet your death,” hissed Claytros.

“I could say the same to you,” snarled Tenchi.

The battle thus began. Tenchi took on Claytros, while the rest of them were battling 
Claytros’ troops. 

For the first part of the battle, Claytros was defeating Tenchi. He had Tenchi pushed up 
against a wall with his sword up to his neck. 

“You had better just give up now, boy. You will never be any match for me,” said 
Claytros.

Tenchi looked at his adversary and growled fiercely at him. Tenchi then threw Claytros 
off of him and began to fight him again. As Tenchi looked around though, his anger 
increased rapidly. He friends were in bad shape. 

He saw the bruised and battered bodies that belonged to Kiyone and Mihoshi lying 
helplessly on the ground, knocked out cold. 

He then saw his grandfather, who had cuts all over his body that were bleeding profusely, 
but he was still fighting. He had also decided to remain in the form of Yosho.

He then saw Ayeka and Aien who were fighting side by side and were faring better than 
the rest. Ayeka was using her shield more than half of the time to prevent herself and 
Aien from being disintegrated by the acid spits that Claytros’ minions were throwing at 
them. 

Then he saw Sasami and Washu. Sasami had taken on her adult form as Tsunami and had 
flung herself into battle. She was slightly bruised, but other than that she was ok. She had 
her own light sword in hand and she had defeated everything that came her way. Things 
were pretty much the same with Washu. Washu had also taken on her adult form for the 
battle. She had her little computer in front of her, but was always ready to attack if 
something came to attack her from behind. In her part, she had defeated most of the 
minions by using her holo-top computer. She had made several large items materialize in 
the sky right above a small group of Claytros’ troops, which in turn smashed them.

Tenchi couldn’t take it anymore. He saw his friends weakening in their powers. He knew 
that they wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer. Tenchi knew what he had to do. He 
broke through his mental barrier and made the Light Hawk Wings appear. He phased 
through the wings and now was ready to take on Claytros again. He let out a battle cry as 
he charged towards Claytros. His Light Hawk Wing Sword clashed with Claytros’ green 
light sword. Tenchi then inched his sword up to Claytros’ face and slashed at it. Inhuman 
green blood began to ooze out from the cut. Claytros was ticked off. He threw Tenchi off 
of him and began to battle with him again. He then started to spit at Tenchi, but Tenchi 
used his Light Hawk Wing Shield to protect him from the acid that Claytros was 
producing in each and every one of those spits.

Tenchi then ran behind Claytros and stabbed a hole into his arm. Claytros cried out in 
pain as the green blood was falling onto the ground. Claytros hissed at Tenchi, grabbed 
his green light sword and slashed at Tenchi’s right arm while he wasn’t looking. Tenchi 
winced in pain as he looked at the cut that Claytros had produced upon his right arm. He 
then winced once more as he noticed the other cuts and bruises that Claytros had inflicted 
upon him. Tenchi was in rage and he decided to end right there and then. He charged 
towards Claytros to make the final blow. Claytros was charging towards him as well.

They clashed and in that instant there was silence. As soon as they were away from each 
other, they faced each other for a very last time. Both were breathing extremely hard. 
Only one of them would have been able to make that blow and it was Claytros. Tenchi 
fell to the ground with his blood oozing directly from his chest. 

Claytros looked down at Tenchi and smiled smugly. “It looks like I’ve won, boy.” 
Claytros then raised his green light sword right above Tenchi, so that he could finish him 
off. At that very moment a flash of light hit him and he dropped his sword.

Claytros looked dumbfounded. “What the hell?” Claytros looked to his right to see a 
young girl, who had to be more than fifteen years of age, with wavy, shoulder length, 
black and cyan hair. Her hair was mostly cyan, but it had thin streaks of black in it. Her 
golden cat-like eyes were narrowed as they looked at Claytros. She had a red and black 
battle suit on and her cheeks had the Juraian marks on them. She held an ignited light 
sword to her side as she walked up to Claytros slowly. She smiled sinisterly as she 
kneeled down towards his fallen position.

“Well, hello, hello, hello,” she purred. “What do we have here?”

“Who the hell are you?” he growled in fear.

“Tut, tut, tut. Watch you potty mouth mister or I’m gonna have to give you a spanking!” 
she grinned evilly.

“You little bitch! Stay the hell away from me!” he snarled.

“What will you do if I don’t? Will you beat me up like the big, bad bully you are?” she 
questioned.

He started muttering obscenities under his breath about that girl. She then took the 
opportunity to stand up and raise her light sword above his head. He looked up and 
noticed that her sword was only inches away from his skull.

“Prepare to meet with certain death!” she proclaimed fiercely. She then raised her sword 
above her head and then lowered it towards his in a fast and clean swipe. She looked 
down at him to see that his skull was cracked open with green blood flowing steadily 
from it and onto his corpse. She then dispersed the sword and shook her head as she 
looked at the body in pity.

“You earned yourself a fool’s death,” she said to the dead body that lay before her. She 
was about to walk away when she heard someone yell.

“Hey! HEY!!” the voice cried out.

The young girl turned around to see the owner of the voice…her father, Tenchi. The 
fifteen-year-old warrior ran towards her father with tears streaming down her face. She 
knelt down beside him and gave him a gentle hug. Tenchi looked at the young girl 
curiously as he returned the hug.

“Who are you and why do you look so much like Ryoko?” he asked dumbfounded.

The young girl had been expecting this. She looked at Tenchi and smiled sadly. “My 
name is Sasha and Ryoko is…my mother.”

“Who is your father?” he asked.

“You are my father. You also have a son and another daughter who have not come with 
me,” she replied.

“What are their names?” he asked.

“Their names are Tenchi II and Mayuka. Mayuka is two years older than Tenchi and I. 
My brother and I are fraternal twins,” she said.

“So, you come from the future?” he asked.

“Yes, you see, I came here to help you and mom through your time of need. I can help 
you defeat Zantron,” she said calmly.

“That’s great, but what about this?” he asked, wincing at the deep cut in his chest.

Sasha looked over her father’s wound. She shook her head sadly as she looked back at his 
face. “I’m sorry father, I cannot heal this wound, well, not on my own anyway.”

Sasha diverted her gaze from her father’s face to the rest of the group. They were 
severely wounded. The only ones that had managed to only receive a very few amount of 
cuts were Sasami and Washu.

Sasha walked over to Sasami and Washu. She looked at the two relevantly unharmed 
women. She then focused her attention on Sasami.

“Sasami, do you know who I am?” she asked.

Sasami looked over her carefully. Tsunami had informed her about this young girl as 
being the child of Tenchi and Ryoko. She smiled softly at Sasha and walked towards the 
young girl. Sasami was still in her adult form, but she and Sasha were about the same 
height. Sasha had her mother’s physique, which in turn made her very tall for her age.

Sasha looked at Sasami sadly. Sasami noted this with great concern. She placed her right 
hand on Sasha’s left shoulder.

“What is it Sasha? What’s wrong?” she asked.

“Father’s wounded…badly,” she breathed out uneasily.

“You just leave that to me. Alright dear?” Sasami asked kindly. Sasha just nodded as she 
watched Sasami make her to the wounded Tenchi. 

Sasami knelt down next to Tenchi and pressed her forehead against his. The circles on 
her forehead began to glow and so did the three triangles on Tenchi’s forehead. The 
energy that Tsunami was lending her was flowing through her body and into Tenchi’s. As 
soon as Tenchi’s wound cleared up, Sasami backed away. She was breathing heavily and 
was exhausted from the amount of power she had just consumed in order to save Tenchi.

Tenchi was still weak, so when he got up off of the ground, his legs were wobbly. He 
walked over to where the others were fighting. He noticed that the others, with the 
exception of Washu and Sasami, were gravely injured, but not as bad as he had been. At 
that point, Sasha walked up to her father and gave him a determined look.

“Father, I will tend to them. Their wounds aren’t as grave as yours was, so I can help 
them,” she said seriously. 

“What are you going to do?” he asked curiously.

“I will strengthen their life energy, so that if they go into another battle, they’ll be able to 
fend off the enemy much more easily,” she replied.

“Speaking of which…hey Sasami? Do you think that Claytros’ troops have been fully 
annihilated?” he asked.

Sasami looked at him and nodded her head. “Yes, Tenchi. We all killed them, but even 
so, after the battle, most of us collapsed out of pure exhaustion.”

Sasha walked towards Tenchi’s friends. “I’m gonna revive them now. Sasami, ask 
grandmother to run a scan of the area to check and see if we’re gonna have to battle 
again.”

Sasami walked over to Washu, while Tenchi went to go help his future daughter with the 
others. Washu had been oblivious to what had been going on because she was on her 
holo-top computer typing up a diversion scheme for the next battle, if there was one to be 
had.

“Washu…um…could you run a scan of the area, just in case we might have to run into 
trouble again?” she asked nervously.

“I already did that Sasami. It looks like we’re scotch free for right now, but I’m gonna 
check the computer again in a half hour, that way we’ll know for sure,” she said as she 
looked up at Sasami’s adult form.

Sasami sighed. Washu was pretty much telling her that all that they could do was sit there 
and wait until they knew danger was coming again. 

Washu then noticed a girl with black and cyan hair ahead of her computer helping 
Tenchi. She looked at this young girl with great curiosity. She ran a silent scan over the 
girl and when she found out who she was, Washu was grinning widely from ear to ear. 
Washu then ran towards the young girl and embraced her in a bone-crushing hug.

“Oh!!!! I can’t believe it!!! I have a granddaughter!!!” cried Washu as she held the poor, 
young Sasha in the tight embrace.

“Hi…grand…mo…ther. It’s so nice to see…you,” poor Sasha wheezed.

Once Washu broke the embrace with Sasha, Sasha gasped as she tried to resuscitate her 
own breathing system. After about ten minutes, she was breathing normally again. She 
looked at the group, which she revived. They all had dumbfounded looks upon their faces 
and as they stood up all of their gazes fell upon Sasha. 

“Who are you?” Kiyone queried.

“I am the daughter of Tenchi and Ryoko. My name is Sasha,” she replied calmly.

The whole revived group gasped. “Do you mean to tell us that you are from…the 
future?!” asked a still shocked Ayeka.

Sasha kept a solemn look upon her face. “Yes, I am from the time period which you 
speak of.”

Mihoshi wanted to say something, but she couldn’t find the words because she was lost 
as to what was going on at the moment. She was usually lost on most occasions anyway, 
so it was nothing new to anybody who was there.

Sasha looked directly at Aien. “You, you know where my mother is, don’t you?”

Aien nodded his head. “Yes, I am aware of where she is.”

“Can you take us to her?” asked Sasha.

Aien scratched the back of his head. “I guess we could try again, that is if you want to get 
caught in a cell with us.”

“A cell? I don’t seem to understand,” she said, now puzzled.

“Of course you don’t,” he said dryly. “We were just in there for maybe, oh, I don’t know, 
three hours.”

“Yes, I do agree with you that getting locked up in a cell for three hours is horrible, but I 
don’t seem to understand what this has to do with my mother,” she said, now 
exasperated.

“Then let me explain. You see, when we tried to get into Zantron’s secret hiding place on 
the base, where your mother is hidden, we were locked in by a cell that fell on us,” he 
said with a hint of annoyance in his voice.

“So you mean to tell me that you were that close to getting my mother away from 
Zantron when a stupid cell fell on all of you?” she asked, making sure she was getting the 
story right.

“Exactly,” replied Aien.

“What do we do now?” asked a scared Mihoshi.

“Well, for the time being all we can do is wait until we know for sure that danger is 
coming,” observed Kiyone.

Washu looked at her holo-top computer with wide eyes. “Argh!!! You guys had better get 
ready for battle pretty soon because we have company coming our way!” 

Everybody got into their battle positions and awaited a battle with the approaching 
enemy. Something told them that this upcoming battle would take twice as long to finish. 
They stood there in utter silence, as the enemy slowly approached. 














