Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer.

Note- This is an OAV based saga. One slight difference is that the girls are a little bit 
friendlier to each other than they are in the actual show.
That was enough talk from me, so enjoy!



The War of the Destined
Chapter 6


Back Where Tenchi and the gang were, they awaited the next person that they would 
have to fight.

“I sense him,” said Washu.

“How close is he?” asked Tenchi.

“Not real near, but close enough for my computer to detect him,” said Washu.

“Can you trace his source of power?” asked Kiyone.

“Let me see…now this is interesting,” Washu commented.

“What is it, Miss Washu?” asked Ayeka.

“His source of power cannot be traced,” said Washu with a shrug of her arms.

“But that’s impossible!” Kiyone exclaimed.

“Not really. If he’s using some type of cloaking device over his form, then I can’t read 
anything on him,” Washu explained.

“Perfect,” Sasha muttered under her breath.

Washu ignored her granddaughter’s comment and continued, “But, what I do know is 
that he’s getting closer and closer by the second, so be ready!”

Unfortunately, Washu calculated wrong because Mering popped up right in front of her 
computer.

“AAHH!! Who are you?!” Washu asked in shock.

Mering grinned and then popped out of sight and then back again in the middle of the 
room. Everyone blinked in shock.

“I am Mering! A wizard of sorts, if you may,” he said with a grin on his face.

“Are you one of Zantron’s goons?” asked Washu with narrowed eyes.

“And what if I am? What are you going to do about it?” he asked, not stopping his grin.

“That’s an easy answer. I’ll defeat you,” said Washu.

Mering snorted. “I doubt that even you have that much strength.”

Washu flashed him a smug look. “You don’t know me too well, do you?”

“Well then, here’s my opportunity to get to know you, the first and last time!” he 
exclaimed as he ran towards her.

Everyone backed out of the way as Mering charged for Washu. Washu had her eyes 
closed and as soon as Mering came too close to her, she erected a shield around herself.

“If I can’t get to you, then I’ll just torture your friends,” he said, wickedly.

Washu then tried to take down the shield, but as soon as she did, it backfired on her. She 
then noticed that Mering was keeping the shield in place.

“You bastard!” she shouted, venomously.

“That and so much more, my dear,” he said with an evil smile as he went off to hurt her 
friends.

Washu looked on in emotional pain as she watched each and every one of her friends 
become hurt by the power of Mering.

First was Mihoshi, the bumbling blonde. Mering had taken her by the neck and hurled her 
across the floor, where she ended up hitting a wall with her head. Her whole upper body 
was broken and bleeding.

Kiyone, enraged about what had happened to her partner, ran off to attack Mering. 
Mering noticed that Kiyone could wield the Light Hawk Wings, so he placed a heavier 
attack upon her.

Kiyone used one of her wings to counter Mering’s attack, but was hit instead. Kiyone 
looked up at Mering from her fallen position and said one word before passing out, 
“Asshole.”

“What a beautiful creature. It’s such a shame that I had to get rid of you. Now, who’s 
next?” he asked himself as he looked around the room for his next victim.

He looked forward towards Aien and his eyes narrowed. “Well, well. The traitor shows 
himself.”

Aien looked at Mering and scowled. “I’d rather be a traitor to Zantron than betray the 
people whom have befriended me.”

Mering shook his head. “Such a naïve attitude. I don’t think that you’ll ever learn.”

“I’d rather be naïve than evil,” Aien snarled.

“You would have made such a fine wizard, too,” said Mering, disappointedly.
 
“I don’t care!” Aien shouted as he charged at Mering.

Mering sighed. “What a pathetic fool.”

With the snap of one of his wrists, Mering made Aien slip and fall. Ayeka watched this in 
horror.

Mering leaned over to the fallen Aien and said, “If you ever recover from this fall, let me 
know and I’ll give you another one.”

Mering then got up and looked at Ayeka’s trembling form and smiled sinisterly. “The 
Jurai Princess, Ayeka. What an honor. I hope that seeing your lover fall to his demise was 
too discouraging to you.”

The tears that were falling down on Ayeka’s cheeks grew even more, but her fury 
towards Mering outweighed her tears.

“I shall never forgive you!” she screamed.

“I’ve heard that Juraian women are very good fighters. Why don’t you prove that to me, 
Princess,” he said with an evil grin.

With a loud battle cry, Ayeka placed an attack on Mering that took a few minutes to 
figure out.

“My goodness, dear! You are fierce! You would make an excellent ally to our forces,” he 
said.

Ayeka glared at him. “Why would I even consider joining your team of despicable 
rodents?!”

Mering glared at her. “Watch your mouth!”

He then broke free of Ayeka’s bonds and attacked her head on, throwing her right on top 
of Aien. He grinned viciously at the scene.

“Well, at least you two won’t be alone in death!” he hissed.

>From another corner of the room, Yosho was watching the whole scene unfold. He was, 
at that moment, beyond furious. He walked right to Mering and grabbed him by the neck.

“How dare you hurt my sister! I will kill you!” Yosho declared.

“Another Juraian. How amusing this is. Alright, show me what you’ve got,” said Mering 
with an evil chuckle.

Yosho powered up and then attacked Mering. Yosho was able to hurt Mering for the 
longest and make it the most painful.

Mering cringed as the pain from the attack seethed through his body. “I see that you’re 
pretty good.”

Yosho didn’t answer with words, he kept on plunging more and more pain into Mering.

“Now this isn’t very fair,” said Mering. “Why don’t you fight me like a real man?”

“Like I should trust you,” said Yosho with a great amount of contempt.

Mering smiled menacingly and said, “You really shouldn’t.”

Yosho’s eyes widened as Mering released himself from Yosho’s attack and then attacked 
Yosho with a very great and painful force.

Yosho then fell onto the ground with a great thud. He looked up at Mering and asked, 
“What are you?”

“You’re worst nightmare,” he said in reply as Yosho passed out.

Mering then looked at Sasami and raised an eyebrow. “Tsunami? What are you doing 
here with all of these mortals?”

“Protecting not only the body, which I was entrusted with long ago, but also protecting 
the ones, whom I love,” she said with a gleam of rage in her eyes.

“Fine, have it your way!” he growled as he ran towards her.

He, unfortunately, ended up slipping and hurting himself badly. He, after a few tries, got 
up and limped towards Tsunami.

“I can’t harm you, but I can imprison you!” he yelled at her.

Tsunami didn’t think of it when she was cased up in a large, glass cell without bars. She 
glared at Mering from where she was captured.

“You’ll be excellent material to use in Zantron’s universal domination. We need someone 
as strong as you on the team,” Mering explained.

Tsunami just scowled at him in return and mouthed the words, “You will die!”

Mering laughed loudly and said, “We’ll just have to wait and see, right Tsunami?”

Tsunami just continued glaring at him as he made his way to Sasha. He looked at 
Ryoko’s daughter and shook his head.

“So, you’re the daughter of the one whom Zantron is so in love with,” he observed. 
“You’re just as good looking, too.”

“Sweet talk’ll get ya nowhere, bud,” she hissed.

“A fiery one, huh? Good! This battle will be most interesting now!” he exclaimed.

Sasha grabbed her sword and ignited it. She looked at Mering with piercingly, non-rage 
filled eyes. She was actually in complete peace.

“Eh? What’s wrong with you? Oh well. I guess you’ll be just as easy to take out. See you 
around!” he said as charged towards her.

Suddenly, Sasha’s eyes opened and then her own wings appeared, badly damaging one of 
Mering’s arms.

Mering, while trying to hold his nearly severed and bleeding arm in place, glared at 
Sasha.

“You little bitch! I won’t just injure you like the others, I’ll kill you!” he snarled.

“I’d like to see you try,” she said, haughtily.

Instead of healing his bad arm, he ripped it out of the socket and then began to transfigure 
himself into a really large spider.

Sasha nearly threw up at how disgusting Mering looked at that moment. She then ran 
towards Tenchi and explained to him what they could do.

“Are you sure that that will work?” he asked.

“Trust me. Besides, we need to get grandmother out of her captivity, right?” Sasha asked.

Tenchi sighed. “Right.”

“Good! Let’s break!” she shouted as she sped towards the air.

Tenchi remained on the ground and then he took out his sword and raced towards Mering 
with it.

“Pathetic mortal,” Mering snarled.

Mering took one of his long and hairy legs and grabbed Tenchi by the waist. Tenchi 
attempted to struggle out of the grip Mering had on him, but it was useless.

“Now, say goodbye to your loved ones, you puny mortal,” Mering said viciously.

Just as Mering was about to kill Tenchi, Sasha sliced right down on Mering, from the air, 
with her sword.

“How do ya like them apples?” she asked with a wicked grin on her face.

Mering was bleeding once again, but this time it was in his abdomen. He also wasn’t 
bleeding normal colored blood either, this time. It was a bluish, glossy colored blood.

Mering looked at Sasha with determination in his eyes. “I will not be defeated by you, 
brat!”

“I think you will be, considering that I literally took away your source of power that was 
imprisoning my grandmother,” she said with an easy shrug.

Mering looked at her in shock. “How in all hell did you know how to do that?!”

Sasha looked at him with an evil glint in her eyes and said, “None of your damn 
business!”

“You little bitch!” he screamed at her.

“You’d better watch that mouth of yours,” said another voice, which was different.

Mering’s eyes narrowed. “It’s you!”

At that moment, Washu stepped up and glared at Mering.

“So,” she started, “you’ve been harassing all of my loved ones. You oughta be ashamed 
of yourself!”

“Like I care about those insignificant beings! I only care about power!” he declared, 
loudly.

Washu sighed. “Oh well. Time for you to die.”

Mering looked at her confused. “Huh?”

Washu pressed some buttons on her computer and a small laser beam popped out of the 
front of the computer and was aimed directly at Mering.

“Goodbye!” she said, cheerily.

Washu then shot a very powerful laser at Mering, who at the moment had been frozen in 
place by Washu’s machine, and was killed instantaneously.

Sasha then walked over to Washu with Tenchi. Tenchi and Sasha looked at Washu 
worriedly.

“Are you all right, grandmother?” Sasha asked concerned.

“I’ll be just fine! I’ve got others to care of right now. First off, do you need any healing 
done to you, Tenchi?” Washu asked seriously.

“I’m fine for now. Go take care of the others,” said Tenchi.

Washu nodded and then headed off to heal the others. As soon as she did, Sasha turned to 
look at her father with a serious look on her face.

“The time to face Zantron is nearing, father. Do you think that you can handle him?” 
Sasha asked seriously.

Tenchi closed his eyes and said, “I honestly don’t know, Sasha. I just want to get Ryoko 
back before I do, however.”

“You miss her, don’t you?” asked Sasha.

“More than anything, right now,” he said.

“Well then, as soon as grandmother is done healing everyone, we can go and search for 
her,” Sasha said reassuringly.

“You’re a lot like her,” said Tenchi with a slight smile.

Sasha blushed lightly. “Oh, dad! You always say that!”

Tenchi blinked. “I do?”

“Well, you do in the future,” she said.

“It’s truth, though,” he pointed out.

“Believe what you like,” said Sasha.

At that moment, Washu walked up to the two, nearly out of breath.

“Man, this guy did a lot of damage. I had to nearly bring some of them back to life,” she 
said, while letting out a gasp.

“This means that it’s just gonna get harder on the way,” Sasha said.

“Exactly,” said Washu.

“I think that we should rescue Ryoko before we defeat Zantron,” said Tenchi. “If we do 
that, we’ll have enough power to defeat him with her back on our side.”

“That’s a good strategy and I believe that it will work,” said Washu.

“Great! Let’s get going!” said Tenchi.

Washu nodded and then the others followed her, Tenchi, and Sasha on the quest to rescue 
Ryoko before the battle with Zantron.

 
























