DISCLAIMER: Tenchi Muyo! and all original characters therein are copyright AIC 
and Pioneer Entertainment.  Additional characters copyright Ian Sagat 2001.  
This story copyright Ian Sagat 2001.  Believe me, I WISH I was getting paid for 
this.


TENCHI MUYO!: WAR AND PEACE
A FANFIC BY IAN SAGAT

"You choose your friends, and you choose your enemies.  But family, you're stuck 
with, with no choice in the matter."
	-Anonymous

CHAPTER 2:  REUNIONS (PART II)

	The huge yet elegant Juraian ship slowly descended down to the landing 
pad, surprisingly quiet for something so large.  Nearly fifty guards flanked the 
pad on all sides, battle staves and energy rifles in hand.  Standing in the 
morning sun in the near center of the pad were Tenchi, his wives, his children, 
the former queens, the two GP captains and the Greatest Mind in the 
Universe...quite the little gathering.  The ship came to a silent hover about 
100 ft. above them.  Soon, a low hum could be heard, and a sphere of energy the 
size of a baseball formed in front of them.  The sphere grew in size, and then 
the outlines of three figures could be seen inside it.  The figures materialized 
into two old men and a teenaged girl.  The sphere disappeared, leaving behind 
the new arrivals.  The outcry was instantaneous.
	"Daaaadddyyy!!!" yelled the blue haired, yellow-eyed girl as she rocketed 
into a sprint and jumped into Tenchi's arms, spinning him around twice.  
	"Mayuka! I missed you so much!"  he said as the reunited father and 
daughter exchanged kisses.  Smiles came across the faces of all present.  After 
about ten "Daddy I missed you I love you's", she began to greet the rest of the 
group.  First was "Mommy Ryoko", then "Mommy Ayeka", then her siblings and 
great-great-grandmother, then "Grandma Washu".  Kiyone and Mihoshi's dormant 
maternal instincts always came out when they were around Mayuka, and this moment 
was no exception, as Kiyone shed a few tears, and Mihoshi downright balled after 
seeing her again after so much time apart.  When she got to Misaki she met her 
match as far as showers of affection, as she had promised.  No description is 
necessary.
	Recovering, Tenchi walked up to the men, his wives at his side.  Tenchi 
moved forward and embraced his father.  "Tenchi, my son, how have you been." 
said the aged voice.
	"Fine dad.  Everything is great here.  How's life back on Earth been 
treating you?" he asked.
	"Great, me and your grandpa have had our hands full raising little Mayuka, 
but she has filled these last years with joy for us.  She's a wonderful 
daughter, a bright child, and an excellent human being." Nobuyuki emphasized the 
last part, knowing full well that Mayuka was only half-human.  He was an old man 
now, equal in age, at least in appearance, to Katsuhito.  Of the entire group, 
he was the only "true" human, with almost no Juraian blood or link to the Space 
Trees whatsoever.  Thus, he was the only one to be showing his age.  This 
bothered Tenchi a little, knowing he only had another 20 years or so left.  He 
was sure Washu could do something, but he wasn't sure his dad would allow it.  
He knew his father missed and wanted to be with his mother again, and he didn't 
want to delay the inevitable anyway.  But for now, Tenchi pushed those thoughts 
aside and just enjoyed seeing him again.  
	"And I see your wives are as lovely as ever.  Ryoko, Ayeka, have you been 
taking care of my son?" Nobuyuki asked them as he took their hands and kissed 
them.
	"Very good care." answered Ryoko with a sideward glance to Ayeka.  Ayeka 
smirked knowingly.  "Why just last night..."
	"Yes, good care.  I make sure he eats right and Ryoko keeps his fighting 
skills at their peak." Ayeka cut in, not wanting Ryoko to give the old hentai 
fuel for his fire.  The girls continued to talk with Nobuyuki as Tenchi 
approached his grandfather, who just happened to be the person that should be in 
his place.  He looked the same as ever, but Tenchi knew.  He had been privy to 
the appearance of the "true" Yosho some years ago.  With Ryoko gone, his Space 
Tree, Funaho, had been drawing it's energy from none other than Mayuka, more 
specifically, the crystal inside Mayuka, thus keeping him from aging as before.  
It seemed to him, he had told Tenchi, that Juraian Space Trees instinctively 
find any compatible power source they can to fuel themselves.
	"Grandpa.  It's good to see you." Tenchi said with a smile.
	"Hmmmm.  You too, Tenchi.  Enjoying things here on Jurai?"
	"Yes, things are great here.  Nice and quiet, other than a few little 
disputes here and there.  How are things back at the shrine?"
	"Just fine.  Mayuka has been doing well at school, and has made many good 
friends.  Why just last month she met her first American tourist who was 
visiting the shrine, and they've been writing to each other ever since." He 
answered, glancing over Tenchi's shoulder to Mayuka.  Tenchi turned to see her 
talking up a storm with Kirei, both girls with gleaming smiles across their 
faces.  This made him smile in turn.  Everyone else was also absorbed in 
conversation with each other.  "You should be very proud of your children, 
Tenchi." Katsuhito said quietly.
	"I am." He replied simply.
	"Yosho." A feminine voice said from beside them.  "Don't you want to say 
hello to your dear old mother you never see?"  A teardrop formed on Yosho's 
forehead.
	"Eh-heh, of course mother.  How have you been, I missed you very much."  
Funaho smiled.
	"Of course." She answered simply.
	"Come on everyone, let's head inside.  We can all have lunch together." 
Tenchi said above the chatter.  Everyone echoed in agreement.
	"OK daddy! That would be great! Um, hey, where's Aunt Sasami? And Ryo-
Ohki?" asked Mayuka as she looked around.
	"They might not be able to make it." Tenchi replied, knowing the reaction 
he was about to get.
	"But WHY? I wanted to see everyone again!" she whined.
	"Sometimes one's duties are more important than one's recreation." Shen 
said from behind her.  Uh-oh, wrong thing to say to Mayuka, everyone thought.
	"That sucks, Shen!" Mayuka yelled, spinning around to face him. "Nothing 
is more important than family!  I'm taking a week off of school to come here! 
And Granpa has work to do at home too! But WE came! And aren't YOU supposed at 
some Intergalactic College?"
	"Yes, Mayuka, most everyone here is taking time from a busy schedule to be 
here.  But Sasami's case is a little different.  If she doesn't finish up with 
the trade dispute she's negotiating, millions of people could starve.  You 
wouldn't want that, would you?" Ayeka stated to the agitated girl with teary 
eyes as amber as Ryoko's.  She knew how to calm her down, Kirei had thrown 
similar tantrums in the past.  Shen just looked annoyed at how immature his 
half-sister was acting.
	Mayuka sighed.  "I guess not."
	"Well, come on, are we gonna stand out here on the landing pad all day or 
are we gonna go inside and eat?" Ryoko voiced, sounding annoyed herself.  The 
subject changed, the group moved inside to the palace, followed by two rows of 
bodyguards and Mayan.

	The door to the sleeping quarters swished open and two figures entered.  
An ornate tunic and headpiece was thrown onto the bed, and the blue-haired woman 
who had thrown it there plopped down ungracefully next to them with a loud 
"THUMP" and an even louder "SIGH".  From the opposite side the other much 
furrier female figure did the same.  They lay there silent for several minutes.
	"I am SO glad that is over with.  Those two couldn't agree on ANYTHING." 
	"I guess that's why you were gone for so long Sasami...reow...I missed 
you."
	"I warned you.  I said you might be bored if you came this time Ryo-Ohki."
Sasami then explained some of the particulars of her time spent on planet, but 
Ryo-Ohki didn't seem to care.  Sasami was about Ayeka's size and build now, and 
she was shaping up to be a very beautiful woman indeed.  Wherever she went, 
heads, both male and female, couldn't help but turn.  He beauty was a natural 
one, without need for makeup or fancy hair.  He skin had lost most of its 
freckles, and her hair was still in the twin ponytails they had always been in.
She was the ideal ambassador, her looks and gentle nature put even the most 
hostile party at ease.  The fact that she was a natural manipulator and had a 
knack for easing feuding parties (she had much practice with a certain sister 
and space pirate as a kid) also helped.  But underneath it all was still the 
playful young girl who liked to cook and play with Ryo-Ohki.
	Ryo-Ohki now spent almost all her time in her teenage girl form, having 
basically learned to walk, talk, and live like a regular humanoid over the last 
twenty years.  She wore clothes now, but nothing too fancy, just a brownish 
outfit that was like a one-piece dress.  She was very attractive, if you were 
into furry girls with plumes of white hair and who can turn into cabbits and 
spaceships, and always brought a smile to people's faces.
	"Well, anyway, since that's over with, if we hurry we can still make it 
back in time for the anniversary!" Sasami said, sitting up.
	"Yeah! Let's go!" Ryo-Ohki exclaimed bouncing up onto her knees.  "I hope 
Mayuka's there!"
	"They should all be there by now. Come on, let's get going."
	The newly reenergized Sasami and Ryo-Ohki walked down a hall and into a 
transport pad, which took them to the bridge.  There she walked to the center of 
the bridge, where she took her spot between the ever vigilant Azaka and 
Kamadake.  The ship she was in wasn't a royal ship with a tree, but actually 
strictly technology based even though it had the look and feel of a Juraian Tree 
ship. "Azaka, Kamadake, set course for Jurai, top speed.  I want to make it in 
time for my sister's anniversary." Sasami said.
	"Yes, princess." Answered the log with the red kanji.
	"Setting course for planet Jurai." Responded the log with blue kanji in 
turn.
	Ryo-Ohki stood next to Sasami as the ship began to move from the planet 
and out into space.

	After the meal, which had more talking then eating going on, the group 
dispersed.  Tenchi, Yosho, and Funaho took a walk to the Great Hall where the 
celebration was to take place.  Ryoko and Ayeka went with Washu to the Royal 
Tree Nursery to "supervise" some tests she wanted to do.  Shen, Kirei, and 
Mayuka decided to have some "sibling bonding" time in the Royal Gardens.  
Kiyone, Mihoshi, Nobuyuki, and Misaki decided to head into the city proper to do 
some shopping for the ceremony. (Misaki had a million outfits already, but what 
was a couple of more?)  Thus it began.

	"This is it, grandpa.  Misaki really outdid herself this time." Tenchi 
said as they entered the Great Hall through the gigantic double-doors similar to 
the ones on his bedroom.  All around were huge banners and decorations, most 
still being worked on by palace servants.  Hundreds of pew-like benches had been 
installed on either side of the hall in anticipation of the huge crowd.  Down 
the center of the hall was a beautiful red carpet that led up to the main stage.  
Up a small set of stairs was set up his throne, and next to that a smaller 
throne on either side for his wives.  Special-made ornate chairs also lined the 
rear wall of the stage, nine on either side, for the head members of the Juraian 
Holy Council.  Behind the throne was draped a huge blue tapestry bearing the 
Royal Crest of Jurai, which consisted of a tree imposed on a shield, crossed 
from behind by a sword and a scepter.  Underneath it was a banner which read 
"Huranti Gi Protasia", which meant "Strength Through Faith" in ancient Juraian.
	"Yes, she did." Funaho added.  "She usually hates arranging and attending 
ceremonies, but when it comes to her family, she goes all out with...unparalled 
enthusiasm." She said with a smile.
	"Yes, it is great indeed."  Katsuhito said, looking about the hall.  He 
seemed lost in thought for a second.
	"Once, me and Ayeka were to be celebrating our anniversaries here." He 
said, causing Tenchi to look at him.  His grandfather's face looked...sad.  But 
almost faster than he could notice, he smiled and fixed his glasses.  "But now, 
my grandson is celebrating HIS anniversary here with my sister AND the woman 
that caused me to miss all this.  It's funny how things work out, eh Tenchi?"
	Tenchi smiled.  "Yeah, it sure is.  I never thought I'd be the Emperor of 
a Galactic Union and married to a princess AND a space pirate while I was 
growing up in Okayama either.  Go figure."  They began to walk down the aisle 
towards the stage, Funaho holding her son's arm.  Any servant they happened to 
pass stopped what they were doing to bow.
	"You know, I still don't feel right about people doing that even after all 
this time." Tenchi said.
	"Why is that?" Funaho asked.
	"Because, I'm...I'm just like them.  I'm not special.  I mean I used to be 
a nobody, sweeping the steps of a Shrine out in the woods, doing homework.  I'm 
still not totally into this Emperor thing.  I don't think I ever will be.  I 
mean, it may not seem like it, but most of the time, I don't know what I'm 
doing.  Ayeka was born for this, and Ryoko just goes with the flow, but me..." 
Tenchi paused looking for the right words.
	"That is not true, Tenchi.  You were never a nobody.  You have always been 
special, from the day you were born." Katsuhito finished for him.  "Do you think 
everything that has happened to you in your life is mearly coincidence? Then you 
are more of a bone-head then I thought."
	Tenchi looked at him, confusion on his face.  "What do you mean?"
	"From the moment you were born, I sensed that you were different from any 
of my other children or grandchildren.  So I watched you grow up carefully, and 
each day I knew you were the one, the one to carry on the Jurai Power.  I knew 
Ryoko was watching you from her cave, that she was falling in love with you.  I 
waited for the right time for you to release her, and that it would trigger the 
chain of events that lead to you to where you are today.  After all this time, 
you didn't figure this out for yourself?" he concluded.
	"No...I...I had no idea.  I think it was because I was too busy taking 
everything in that I was too busy to think of the reasons behind them.  But why 
didn't you tell me any of this before grandpa? It would have answered so many 
questions I had!" Tenchi said, a little anger creeping into his voice.
	"Because it might have altered things that he had planned." Funaho came 
in.  "Am I right, Yosho?"
	"Yes, that is true.  You traveled your own path, all I did was push you in 
the right direction now and then.  And you did a very good job of figuring out 
most of the other mysteries of your life." Yosho paused, smiling.  "Sasami's 
link with Tsunami for one.  But there were things that I didn't foresee."
	"Mihoshi." Tenchi and Funaho said in unison.
	"Yes.  And the incident with Yuzuha and Mayuka.  Even the destruction of 
the Seto Bridge.  But that was easy to cover up."
	"Yeah, THAT was quite a shock learning that the governments of Earth, 
especially Japan's, had been aware of Jurai and had been in contact with them 
for hundreds of years." Tenchi said.  
	"But everything has worked out.  Isn't your life grand, Tenchi?  You 
should thank your grandfather for his role in forming your life, not hate him 
for it." Funaho said.
	"I do.  I never hated you for anything.  I love you.  I love all of you." 
Tenchi assured them.
	"I know." Yosho answered.  "But you're still a bone-head." He tacked on.  
They all shared a laugh at that as they arrived at the foot of the stairs to the 
throne.
	"Your highnesses." A voice called from beside them.  They all turned to 
see who it was.  It was a man who looked about 60 years old, completely bald 
with a dark complexion.  He was wearing the dark purple robes of one of the Holy 
Council.  He approached them and bowed deeply, and the three returned the bow.
	"Lord Xida." Tenchi identified. "You have met my grandfather once before, 
I believe."
	"Yes, another descendent of the Great Hero Yosho, I'm honored." Lord Xida 
said.  This elicited looks from the trio, all knowing just how close a 
descendent he was.  If Yosho being alive became common knowledge, there would be 
a huge argument over the rightful owner of the throne, one of the main reasons 
he left Jurai in the first place.  So, at his request and everyone's agreement, 
his true identity stayed within the family circle from the very start.
	"Lord Xida is the Family Head of the Hiesque Province, and one our most 
trusted advisors." Funaho explained.  "He was also instrumental in rebuilding 
the province after Ryoko's attack."  This statement bit at Tenchi's heart.  He 
never showed it or mentioned it, but it always bothered him to here about 
Ryoko's attack on the planet so long ago, and all the destruction and death she 
caused.  He couldn't imagine some of the hatred and animosity some of the royals 
that survived the attack, or even the normal people of Jurai who have heard the 
stories, must feel towards the woman he loved.  He quickly pushed those thoughts 
aside.
	"Thank you, Your Highness, you flatter me.  I just wanted to personally 
extend the best wishes to you and your family from myself and my cousin, Lord 
Tarkin of the Kugai Province.  We look forward to the ceremony tomorrow."
	"Thank you." said Tenchi.  "We look forward to seeing you there."
	"Your welcome.  By your leave, highness." Xida concluded as they exchanged 
bows and he exited the hall.
	"I never did care for brown-nosers." Yosho said with a look of mild 
disgust.
	"Oh grandpa, your too harsh." Tenchi said.  "Anyway, here's where you and 
everyone will be sitting..." he said, pointing to spots in the front row of the 
pews.

	Washu sat with he legs crossed at the foot of one of the many space trees 
in the nursery, typing away on her holo-laptop.  Every once in while she would 
let out a "hmmm" or "yes".  Ayeka was "talking" with another tree on the same 
platform, and Ryoko was impatiently tapping her foot, arms crossed.
	"Dammit, Washu, what is taking so long? You've been in here before, what 
can you possibly learn that you haven't yet?" Ryoko finally let out.
	"Hush, you.  It's not everyday I can study so many Jurai trees in one 
location.  Did you know their astral patterns are in harmony with each other? 
It's kind of like a big telepathic symphony." She replied, not looking up.
	"Yes, that's all very interesting.  Now can we go? I want to see what 
Tenchi's doing." Ryoko said, still agitated.
	"Yes Washu, you've been here long enough.  It makes the Juraian Holy 
Council and the Military nervous to let you examine the trees anyway." Ayeka 
said as she walked next to Ryoko.  "The only reason you can even come in here is 
because we're the Queens."
	"Screw them.  Making that bunch of royal pains-in-my-butt nervous is the 
MAIN reason I like letting Washu in here.  But this is getting boring." Ryoko 
said.  "How much longer do you need?"
	"Actually, I'm done." Washu said as she dematerialized her laptop and 
stood up.  "Thanks for the cooperation!" she said to the tree in front of her.  
The tree responded by singing and shooting rainbow colored shafts of light from 
its leaves in to the pond of water below it.  She turned around.  "Now we can 
talk about the real reason I wanted to be alone with you two."  Ryoko and 
Ayeka's eyebrows lifted.
	"Oh?  And what would that be?" Ryoko asked.
	"It's about your kids."

	Mayuka smelled the blue flowers that looked similar to roses and giggled.  
"These are pretty.  I wanna bring some home to Earth and plant them!" she 
exclaimed.
	"Mayuka, you know your not supposed to pick any of the flowers here.  I 
can get you some seeds from the Head Groundskeeper though!  She's a really cool 
person." Kirei explained to her hyperactive half-sister.
	"Transplanting flowers off planet, or anything else for that matter, is 
not allowed without permission." Shen said with a hint of irritation in his 
voice.  He couldn't believe he was related to such an immature girl, and one 
that was older than him no less!
	"Well, as a Royal Princess of Jurai, I'm GIVING her permission, so there!" 
Kirei retorted. Shen just shrugged and rolled his eyes.  Kirei liked being 
around Mayuka.  Sure, her and her brother cared a lot for each other and got 
along just fine, but it was great to have another teenage girl that she could 
talk to LIKE a teenage girl and sister, not like a princess, if just for a few 
days.  Plus Shen was a little too...stuffy for her tastes sometimes.
	The trio continued walking through the gardens.
	"School on Earth sounds like a lot of fun." Kirei said to Mayuka after her 
lengthy description of her junior year of High School.
	"Oh it is!  It's the same school daddy went to...well, mostly, they had to 
rebuild most of it after a big fire a long time ago." Mayuka said.
	"I believe the cause of that can be traced to your side of the family, 
brother." Kirei said as she nudged Shen.  Instead of biting at the bait she 
threw, Shen took the opportunity to expand on the subject...
	"You know, I've always wondered why mother attacked father the first time 
they met.  From what I understand, she watched him grow up from an infant from 
the cave he was trapped in, and learned to love him even though he was descended 
from the man that put her there.  I overheard them talking about it once like a 
fond memory, and when I asked mother about it later, she said it was just a 
'youthful indiscretion' and changed the subject."
	"Well, if I was trapped in a cave for 700 years, I'd probably have a 
little pent up frustration to let out too, you know.  I don't care if it was Jet 
Li that let me out." Mayuka stated matter of factly.
	"Jet who?" Shen asked quizzically.
	"You mean I've never told you? Jet Li was this TOTALLY HOT martial arts 
master from before I was born, but he still kept his skill and good looks as he 
aged.  I've always wished I could have met him and asked him out, or better yet, 
sparred with him!" Mayuka chirped loudly.
	"Speaking of which, I take it grandfather has been teaching you back on 
Earth?" Kirei asked.
	"Oh yeah, the Judo and Thai instructors at school didn't want to spar with 
me anymore after I whooped their butts a few times.  They said they couldn't 
believe a girl my size could show so much strength.  Plus some of my first 
memories are of Mommy Ryoko teaching me the basics.  Nobody is a challenge 
anymore, and anyone who is doesn't want to fight a 'little girl'". Mayuka said 
humbly.
	"Well then, why don't you give your dear brother a whirl? It's been a 
while since I fought a worthy opponent." Shen said with a smirk.  Mayuka looked 
at him and smirked as well.  Kirei just got an "uh-oh" look on her face.
	"Your on!" she yelled.  Then, she decided to up the stakes.  "And if I 
win, you have to ask Miss Kiyone on a date!"  Shen immediately blushed and took 
a step back.
	"Wh-what?  What makes you think..." he stammered.
	"Wow! How do you get your face to turn so red so fast?" Kirei teased.
	"Oh come on, it's so obvious! I AM a girl after all, and I know how guys 
look at me sometimes.  Come on, or is the 'Great Shen Misaki' afraid of a girl?" 
Mayuka edged on.  "I'll wager on something you come up with."  Shen's face got a 
very frustrated look on it as he quickly found that even his Galactic 
University-taught diplomatic skills weren't getting him out of this.  Funny, he 
thought, that he could feasibly stop two warring armadas, but he couldn't talk 
his way out from under his two teasing sisters without losing his pride.
	"Fine." He finally let out.  "WHEN I win, you have to get an answer out of 
mother about why she attacked father when they first met."
	"DEAL!" she yelled.  "Let's go!"  And so the three siblings walked rapidly 
to the Dueling Courtyard for a different kind of "sibling bonding".

	Washu, Ryoko, and Ayeka walked outside to the large parapet.  It gave them 
a wonderful view of the Juraian landscape surrounding the palace.  A large open 
field lay directly below them, big enough to fit thousands of people, which it 
would tomorrow as people from all over the Empire would come to pay their 
respects to them.  The weeping-willow-like cloud formations hung in the sky as 
they always did, and a slight warm breeze filled the air.  Ah, the joys of 
Weather Modification Nets.  Above and behind them rose the mountainous tree that 
dominated the roof of the palace.  Though it was just a normal tree, it was 
thousands of years old, and a very special part of Jurai itself.  The trio stood 
there, overlooking the landscape below them, when Ayeka spoke.
	"So what you are saying is that Kirei and Shen are at an age where their 
hidden powers might just...erupt?" Ayeka asked.
	"And Mayuka as well, remember, she has Tenchi's DNA in her as well." Washu 
explained.  "Royal Juraians usually grow rapidly to about the age of 21, then 
begin to grow at an incredibly slow rate, making them effectively immortal.  
It's at this time that they hit their equivalent of puberty like a wrecking ball 
hitting a building.  Ayeka, you know what I'm talking about.  You developed your 
power to erect a force field and summon your Power Logs almost overnight."
	"Yes, I remember.  But I was taught to expect this from the time I was 
born, as have Shen and Kirei." Ayeka stated.
	"Yes, but you didn't have the undiluted power of a Goddess flowing through 
your veins.  Kirei, Shen, and Mayuka do." Washu said.  Ayeka and Ryoko looked at 
her, shocked.
	"You mean..." Ryoko began.
	"Yes.  They all have inherited some of Tsunami's power from Tenchi.  At 
first I wasn't sure that the blessing she gave him was only for him, or if it 
would carry on to his children, but now I know for sure." Washu said matter-of-
factly.
	"How?  How do you know for sure?" Ayeka asked.
	"The trees in the nursery told me.  They've been reacting to the increased 
energy in Kirei for some time, and even more so now that Mayuka and Shen are 
here.  And very soon, this power will manifest itself, and I'm afraid it could 
be potentially dangerous."  Ryoko and Ayeka looked at each other with worry, 
then intently back at Washu.
	"Kirei is the least at risk, as Juraian's power originally comes from 
Tsunami in the first place.  Shen and Mayuka will be the most at risk.  Your 
power" she said, looking at Ryoko, "and Yuzuha's power that they inherited 
respectively may not be compatible with Tsunami's.  This could lead to an 
uncontrolled flux of those energies should a situation activate them when they 
are not prepared."
	"What kind of situation?" Ryoko asked.

	Shen stood in the near center of the courtyard, a red-colored metal Bo 
staff in his hands at waist level.  Mayuka stood directly in front of him, 
spinning a purple staff of the same kind in her right hand.  Both had smirks of 
confidence on their faces.  Kirei sat on a bench at the edge of the battle area, 
noticing the block of stone that looked newer in the center of the courtyard.
	"Ready?" Mayuka asked.
	"You may have the first approach." Shen said, his smirk leaving his face 
as he took up a defensive position.
	"With pleasure, bro." She responded.
	"Don't hurt each other! Our parents would be pretty pissed if you showed 
up all bruised up tomorrow at the ceremony!" Kirei yelled from the sidelines.
	"Don't worry, this is just a friendly competition." Mayuka yelled back, 
not taking her eyes off Shen's.  Then suddenly, she leapt forward!
	"HERE I COME!"
	 
 	The ship carrying Sasami was about halfway back to Jurai.  The flight had 
been completely uneventful thus far, Sasami and Ryo-Ohki idly chatting about how 
much they wanted to see everyone again. Then...
	"Princess Sasami, we are detecting a ship on rapid approach to our 
location." Azaka interrupted.
	"It is traveling at over five times our speed." Kamadake included.
	"What? Who is it?" Sasami asked.  Any ship that could go that fast was 
almost mind boggling to her, as the ship she was on was considered one of the 
fastest in the galaxy, meant to speed her from planet to planet in the shortest 
time possible in order to expedite any conflicts in the empire.
	"Unknown. The ship does not match any description we have.  It will be 
pass directly by us in 37 seconds."  Azaka said as a 2-dimensional screen 
appeared in front of her.  It showed her ship in the center, with a line showing 
her ships course.  Behind it was a blinking red indicator, also with a line 
showing it's course.  The lines intersected a short ways in front of her ship.  
The red dot was the approaching ship, and it was heading straight for them.
	"Hail it." She ordered.  Ryo-Ohki began to look nervous.
	"What's going on Sasami?" she asked.
	"I don't know.  We'll see."
	"Princess, I am getting no response." Azaka informed her.
	"Azaka, get ready to..." Sasami began to say, then stopped short.  She 
closed her eyes and staggered back a step, grabbing her head.  She let out a 
yelp of pain as she dropped to her knees.  Ryo-Ohki ran to her side.
	"Sasami! Sasami! Are you O.K? What's wrong?" she asked frantically.
	The green dots on Sasami's head began to glow, and then turned into two 
triangles.  They glowed brighter.  She yelled out.  Inside her mind, she saw the 
vision of a woman, a woman she vaguely recognized for some reason.  The regal 
figure looked calm, yet intense at the same time.  And her eyes... 

	At that same moment, the stoic figure inside the approaching vessel looked 
up from his trance.  Three red triangles on his forehead began to glow as well. 
In his vision he also saw a woman, this one with long blue hair and a look of 
gentleness on her face.  He spoke...
	"Tsu...Tsunami? Where? So close..."  He looked out the viewport of his 
ship and saw the Jurain ship.  "There?"

	Sasami gripped her head tighter and began to shake it back and forth.  
"Tokimi!" she yelled.  "Tsunami, who is she?" she asked aloud.  Ryo-Ohki was 
frantic now.
	"Sasami! Please, what's wrong? Tell me!"  But she barely heard her.  Just 
then the unknown ship sped by.  Sasami looked up at the ship through the large 
viewport that surrounded her, and time seemed to slow down.  She saw the vision 
of a man also looking up at her, a man she had no idea of who he was.  She 
noticed the three red glowing triangles on his head, and they reminded her of 
something.  Their eyes met for a moment, a moment that seemed like an eternity.  
Then, in an instant, the vision was gone, and the ship sped by and was then out 
of sight.  The triangles on her head turned back into circles, and soon stopped 
glowing.  Sasami stood, clearing her head.
	"Princess, are you alright?" Kamadake asked.
	"Sasami? Sasami! What happened? Are you alright?" Ryo-Ohki asked , helping 
her to stand.
	"Where was that ship heading?" Sasami suddenly asked.
	"It appears to be on the same course as us." Azaka answered.  "Planet 
Jurai."
	"Jurai? No! How long until it gets there?" she asked, a pang of panic in 
her voice.
	"At it's current speed it will reach Planet Jurai in 18 hours and 36 
minutes." Kamadake said.
	"Which will be approximately 5 hours before us." Azaka added, anticipating 
Sasami's next question.
	"NO! We have to get there! Increase our speed!" she ordered.
	"We are currently traveling at the ship's top speed, Princess." Azaka 
informed her.
	"I don't care! We have to go faster!" she yelled, tears welling up in her 
eyes.  Azaka and Kamadake quickly formulated a plan between themselves, one-eyed 
lenses blinking like a pair of strobe lights.  Several seconds later...
	"Now rerouting all non-essential systems to the engines." They said in 
tandem.  The ship darkened, and the sounds of the engines vamping up could be 
heard echoing throughout the bridge.  The many 2-dimensional displays around 
disappeared one-by-one.  Sasami dropped back to her knees, exhausted from her 
ordeal.  Ryo-Ohki put her arm around her.
	"Sasami, what is it? What's wrong?" she asked.  Sasami shook in her arms, 
sweat beading on her brow. Her eyes looked at the floor, but at the same time, 
something else.
	"Everything." She answered, almost inaudible.

	Thousands of light-years away, in a place that could only be described as 
a nexus of universes, a mental message was received. Inside an immense chamber, 
the face of an old man with a flowing white beard and empty green eyes appeared, 
revealing that the huge red crystal floating in the center of the chamber was 
actually imbedded in the man's forehead.
	"I see." He said, though his mouth didn't move.  "Lady Tokimi, it seems 
that your envoy has encountered Lady Tsunami ahead of schedule." He continued to 
apparently noone.  But soon the figure of a beautiful brown-haired woman with an 
intricate gown and headdress appeared behind him, and behind her, the 
silhouettes of two more female figures.  Her eyes were different colors on 
either side of her pupils, and her face was painted with strange green markings.
	"It changes nothing.  She cannot warn the others in time.  Everything will 
go according to plan." she said in a gentle yet eerie voice, her mouth not 
moving as she spoke either.
	"IF the boy lives up to your expectations." The old man answered.
	"I have watched his progress since the incident with Dr. Clay.  He should 
serve my purposes well.  This test is...just a formality." The woman said.
	"And on the subject of the good doctor, would it not be safer to simply 
take him out of the equation? As I mentioned before, if the memory block on him 
can be broken, this sanctuary's location could be revealed."
	"No." the woman said as she looked down and allowed a smile to creep along 
her face.  "That may actually serve a purpose as well.  Have more faith in my 
decisions, D3."
	"I apologize, Your Majesty." The old man answered as he tipped his head 
and closed his eyes, approximating a bow of respect as much as a giant floating 
head could.  There was a moment of silence.
	"I understand the final battle has taken place in H2's realm." She said, 
changing the subject.
	"Yes, the outcome was in our favor, as expected. Loses were minimal, and 
the regeneration process is already nearly complete."
	"Good.  Prepare to bring my forces here.  This realm I have saved for 
last, as my sisters have taken a liking to it."
	"Soon your plans for the universe will be fulfilled, Your Majesty.  What 
will you do afterward?" D3 asked.
	"One thing at a time, my friend.  One thing at a time."


End Chapter 2


Once again send all feedback (good and bad) to eraser1976@hotmail.com

The adventure continues!




	
	  
	



