{Thank you for coming to read my fic.  This story takes place after the end of 
the first TV series (Tenchi Universe to American viewers).  I know most people 
like the OAV's better, and, to be honest, I do too.  However, I thought that 
this continuity suited this particular story better.  One continuity warning, 
though: In later chapters, I will refer to the ship Sasami piloted (in episode 
three), which was never named, as Tsunami.  However, this is in no way related 
to the Tsunami from the OAV's.  As far as I'm concerned, it's just a ship like 
Ryu-oh that happens to be named Tsunami.  (Author slaps himself.)  Sorry, I'm 
rambling again.  I'll get this started right after the: Boring Disclaimer: I do 
not own most of these characters.  They are owned by AIC and Pioneer.  Those 
lucky bastards.  I wish I did own these characters.  There are times when I 
fantasize that I do.  Sometimes when I'm all alone late at night... Um, (cough, 
cough) never mind.}

Tenchi Muyo!

War of Vengeance

Chapter One: Shadows of the Past

{The Center of the Milky Way}

	A huge cloud of rainbow-colored gases were cascading through the vacuum, 
providing a contrast with the bright white light that is constant in the dense 
galactic core.  Swirling through space, they fell helpless to their fate.  The 
gases were spiraling around the black hole that the galaxy revolves around.  As 
they fell closer, the spiraling motion gave way to a straight line towards the 
center.  The clouds stretched towards the singularity, unable to change their 
course.

	"And how much like them you all are," said the sole observer of this 
spectacle into his empty room.  "Falling towards your fate, and not even knowing 
it."  He was a strong, dark man.  That is not to say that he was particularly 
dark in color; he was in fact rather pale, but something about his presence 
seemed to exude a frightful gloom.  He was as tall as one can be without seeming 
abnormally so, and had dark green hair tied in a single braid.  His eyes were 
grey and always seemed to be focused on something, often within his own mind.

	He typed in a few buttons on the keypad that was installed in the arm of 
his captain's chair.  He waited a moment for his request to be processed while 
listening to an operatic score.  He had always found opera music to be 
appealing.  There was something about the effortless way that one man could 
direct such a complicated group into obeying his every wish.  A viewscreen 
appeared in the air in front of his chair, and on the surface of it was a 
picture he had seen before.  It showed a tall gate of red wood with the wind 
blowing leaves under it.  Standing below was a boy raking the dead leaves away.  
The captain gritted his teeth when he saw him.

	"Tenchi Masaki," he hissed, the name sounding like a curse.  The man he 
hated more than anyone else in the universe.  Man? he thought to himself.  
Hardly.  He was a mere boy.  Yet that only magnified the multitudinous 
indignities that the boy had heaped upon him.  He, and his family of hypocrites, 
would pay.

	"Captain Dakanao?" a timid voice said from the door.  The captain swirled 
his chair around and saw a head poking in through the door of the darkened room.

	"Come in, officer!" Dakanao shouted cheerfully.  It was necessary to shout 
to be heard at the other end of the huge space that was practically a throne 
room.

	"There's no need for that, sir.  I only-"

	"I asked you to come in," Dakanao repeated, still just as pleasant 
sounding.  "Please don't refuse my hospitality."

	The officer gulped.  "Yes, sir."  He walked down a long set of black 
stairs and across the floor to the captain's chair situated near the viewport.

	"I trust you have good news to report..." the captain squinted at the 
badge that the officer wore, "Lieutenant Treybal?"

	"Yes, sir.  All repairs to the ship are complete.  We await your orders to 
depart."  Dakanao's lips curled into a smile.  Treybal was forced to suppress a 
shudder.  A pleasant smile only served to contrast harshly with the captain's 
reputation.  Of course, no one was sure how much of that reputation could be 
believed and how much was exaggeration of a man supposed by the galaxy to be 
dead.  Still, Treybal had seen him in action once, and it gave him nightmares to 
this day.

	"Good work, Lieutenant.  We will leave immediately.  Tell navigation to 
set their course for the Sol system."

	"Yes, sir," he said, saluting, and he quickly marched out the door.  
Captain Dakanao was left alone with the sights and sounds he had arranged.  
Throughout the room, the booming of the trumpets could be heard clashing with 
the subtle motions of the violins.  Of course, he much preferred live opera, as 
anyone would, but a recording could simulate most of the same reactions. He 
looked down again at the screen and watched the boy continue his labors.

	"I've only a few thousand light years to go," he told himself.  "Soon, it 
will all be over for you.  The conductor is moving his baton, and now you have 
no choice but to fall helpless to your fate.  Soon, you will pay for daring to 
have a life."


{Okayama, Japan}

	Tenchi rolled over in his bed and squinted at the clock on his dresser.  
Only 7:30 and he was already awake.  Normally he'd sleep in on Saturdays, but 
there was an awful smell in the house that precluded that possibility.  
Something like a mix of melted plastic and sulfur...

	"Ten-chiiii!" a sing-songy voice echoed into the room.  Tenchi groaned and 
buried his face in his pillow.

	"What are you doing up this early, Ryoko?"

	"I just wanted to tell you that I cooked you breakfast this morning."  
Tenchi's eyes shot open at that.  He looked up and saw her floating above him 
wearing her blue and gold dress with attached tail.

	"You cooked?" he asked, staring at her incredulously.

	"Well, sure," she said, grinning as she ran her hand down his face.  "With 
Sasami still getting over her chicken pox, I just couldn't let my Tenchi go 
hungry.  Come on, it'll get cold."

	"All right, let me put some clothes on and I'll be right down."

	"You don't need to worry about that, my love.  There's no one up yet but 
me," she said.  She then grabbed Tenchi, who was still wearing his flannel 
pajamas, by the hand and pulled him out of the room.

	"Why do you think I'm worried?" he moaned as she flew down the stairs, 
dragging him behind.

	They went into the kitchen and Ryoko shoved him into a chair. She then 
grabbed a plate and slid over to Tenchi, presenting it dramatically.  He was 
taken aback at the sight of the blackened food. It was now abundantly clear 
where the smell that had awakened him had come from.

	"Ryoko, um... what exactly is this?"

	"Hee, hee, um, well, it didn't turn out exactly like I'd planned," she 
said, rubbing the back of her neck nervously.  "The bacon is a bit crisp; Washu 
left the stove on a high setting when she was heating up some chemicals," she 
explained, as Tenchi poked at a piece of bacon that disintegrated on contact.  
"We were out of fresh eggs, so I had to pull some out of the trash can, but 
they'd only been there a couple days."

	"What happened to these waffles?" Tenchi asked, examining the unusually 
sticky squares.

	"Yeah, that.  Well," she said, giggling nervously, "I left the syrup 
bottle too close to the burner, so it kind of melted onto the waffles when I 
tried to pour it.  Also, we didn't have any orange juice, so I had to make some 
by hand, and it's a bit pulpy," she told him while placing what appeared to be a 
glass of orange soup on the table.  "Well, enjoy!"  His mouth dropped as he 
stared dumbfounded at the "meal."

	"What is that horrific odor?" a dignified voice called from the door.  
Tenchi looked up and saw Ayeka enter the room, leading Sasami, who had a few 
more spots than her usual group of freckles.

	"Ryoko cooked breakfast," Tenchi groaned.

	"That pirate is cooking food for you?  Oh, Lord Tenchi, you shouldn't 
allow such things.  Even from upstairs it offends my olfactory sensibilities."

	"I'd like to see you do better, princess," Ryoko shot back.  "With all of 
your servants, I'm betting you've never cooked a day in your life."

	"Not all of us are completely without refinement, Miss Ryoko.  I'll have 
you know that all girls of noble families on Jurai are required to take classes 
in domestic life."

	"But Ayeka," chimed in the high-pitched Sasami, "I thought they took you 
out of that class after your hair caught fire-"

	"Quiet, Sasami," Ayeka snapped, glancing at a smirking Ryoko.

	Tenchi, noticing that Ryoko's eyes were diverted from him, quickly dumped 
his food into the sink.  Ryoko still saw this and was crushed; she had tried to 
impress him, and had screwed up royally.  Still, it was best not to draw 
attention to it.

	"So, how are you feeling, Sasami?" Tenchi asked.

	"A little better, but I still feel icky sometimes.  It stinks being sick.  
It never happened back home."

	"Yes, there is too much sickness on this planet," Ayeka said.  "Back on 
Jurai, disease has been almost eliminated, which makes those of us from there 
all the more susceptible."

	"Yeah, you an' me are getting sick a lot, Ayeka.  How many diseases are 
there on this planet?  I keep hearing on the news about that AIDS thing."

	"Well there's no need to worry, Sasami.  Aside from Ryoko, none of us are 
in any danger of getting that."

	"Y'know, I'm getting just a little bit tired of your 'holier than thou' 
attitude, princess."

	"Well, Miss Ryoko, I guess thou art just so easy to be holier than."

	"That's enough, Ayeka!" Tenchi interjected, looking warily at the new 
table between the two of them.  "You shouldn't talk that way."

	"Oh, but Lord Tenchi, look at the way she dresses.  What else is one to 
infer?"

	"Don't let her fool you, Tenchi.  She's not as sweet as she wants you to 
think."  Tenchi just rolled his eyes, wanting no part in this.  "Anyway, 
jealousy doesn't become you, Ayeka," Ryoko said.

	"Jealousy?  Why would I be jealous of looking like a harlot?"

	"Hey, you use what you've got.  But, I suppose if I looked like you, I'd 
think modesty was a virtue also."

	"How dare you!" shouted Ayeka as she got to her feet, her fist shaking 
angrily.  "I'll have you know that I have been universally recognized as one of 
the most beautiful women on the planet Jurai."

	Ryoko faked a shudder.  "Jurai must be a scary place to live if that's the 
case."

	"Why you- I'll teach you some respect.  Azaka!  Kamidake!"

	"Yes ma'am!" the two log-like knights intoned as they rushed to Ayeka's 
side.  Ryoko grinned and started creating a ball of energy between her hands.  
It had been a while since they had had a fight like this.  Tenchi jumped back to 
the wall fearfully.  Sasami also backed away.  An arc of static electricity 
passed between them.

	Ryoko jumped up and fired a small blast downward at Ayeka. Her shield 
blocked it easily, but Ryoko had expected that, and used the distraction to 
teleport behind Ayeka.  She quickly formed an energy sword and stabbed at Ayeka.  
A force field appeared around her.  Ryoko thrusted her sword forward into 
Ayeka's shield.  It pierced the bubble, and she pulled her sword up to create a 
gap large enough to fire an energy ball through.  Ayeka spun around and was met 
by the blast hitting her in the chest.  She staggered and raised her hands, 
sending a jolt of energy through the shield.  It traveled from the shield to 
Ryoko's still touching blade.  The blast ran up that and into the pirate's body, 
delivering a strong shock.  The two mildly injured women glared at each other, 
reassessing the situation.

	"That's enough, you two!" boomed a deep voice.  Katsuhito Masaki glared at 
the competitors through his square glasses.  His gaze first rested on Ryoko, 
then he turned to meet Ayeka's eyes. Gradually, the two powered down.

	"I apologize for this boorish behavior, grandfather.  Forgive me," said 
Ayeka, bowing.

	"Yeah, sorry.  Maybe we should take this outside, Ayeka."

	"No, don't worry about that.  I'll finish matters with you later."

	"I'm looking forward to it."  The two sat down at opposite ends of the 
table.  The danger averted, Katsuhito and Noboyuki took their seats at the 
table.

	"Tenchi, why are you still in your pajamas?" his father intoned.

	"D'oh!  I forgot about that!" he said, and jumped out of his seat.  As he 
rushed out the doorway, he almost ran into a frantic Washu who was carrying a 
beaker with a turbulent liquid in it.

	"Out of my way!" she shouted, slamming Tenchi against the doorframe and 
shoving past.  "Quick!  I need a two plus cation to stabilize this reaction 
now!"  The whole room stared at her. "Give me the salt!" she shouted.  Sasami 
grabbed a large salt shaker and tossed it to the scientist.

	"No!  Not the sodium chloride!  I need the calcium chloride."  Sasami got 
up and pulled another container out of the cupboard.  "That should do nicely," 
Washu said, snatching the salt and carefully pouring it into the beaker.  "I was 
experimenting with a highly alkaline base- its pH is almost 15," she explained 
desperately.  "Using a typical acid titration setup, I was able to keep it 
relatively under control by allowing the hydrogen plus ions released by the acid 
to bond with the excess hydroxide ions being released by the alkaline material, 
thus neutralizing them and creating water.  Unfortunately, I ran out of acid, so 
now there is nothing to check the base.  It started releasing so many hydroxide 
ions that I was worried it would burn right through the beaker and damage my 
equipment.  So, of course, I realized that if I used a salt whose 
cation formed a weak base and added it to the strong base, then the cations 
would bond with the excess hydroxide ions and stabilize the reaction at a safe 
equilibrium point.  Of course, for a genius like me that was obvious.  But I'm 
sure even you could follow that, right?"  She looked up from the now stable 
chemicals to a room of blank faces.  "Oh, why do I even try?"  She pulled a 
chair up against the counter and kept a close eye on the substance in her hand, 
carefully adding small doses of salt at regular intervals.  Tenchi walked back 
into the kitchen, now fully dressed in his black long-sleeved shirt and pants.

	"I wonder when Kiyone and Mihoshi are going to get here?" Noboyuki mused.

	"Oh yes, that's right," said the elder princess.  "They have a day off 
from their new job today, don't they?"

	"Well, if you want to call it that," snickered Washu.  "But from how 
Kiyone described it, their boss was more than willing to give Mihoshi a 
permanent vacation."

	"That poor girl," sighed Tenchi, twirling his fork between his fingers.  
Ryoko frowned.  What did he mean by that?  Surely he wasn't thinking... No, not 
about that ditz.  Right?

	"So, we're going to have the blond bimbo with us again, eh?"  said Ryoko, 
glancing at Tenchi.  "Make sure to lock up the lab, Washu."

	"I'm way ahead of you.  As always."

	"What's that supposed to mean?" she growled.

	"Now, don't be offended.  I didn't mean you personally.  It's just that 
when you're the greatest scientific genius in the universe, everyone is behind 
you."

	"Yeah, right."

	"Miss Washu-" began Ayeka.

	"Ah-ah, Ayeka.  You know better than that."

	"Excuse me.  Little Washu," she said, gritting her teeth at the silliness 
of the moniker. "Isn't there some way to detect the Yagami's presence so we'll 
know exactly when to expect them?"

	"Well, I could use a Geiger counter with a long-range adaptor.  It could 
pinpoint the exact frequency of the radiation produced by Yagami's engines.  
However, it would take me a couple of minutes to calibrate it, and it would be 
pretty pointless to do so now."

	"What do you mean?" chimed a perplexed Sasami.

	"Look at the clock on the stove."  The assembled party turned to glance at 
a blinking digital clock reading 7:30.

	"Was there a power outage?" asked Ryoko.

	"Hardly," said Washu, leaning back in her chair.  "If you'll pay 
attention, you will notice that the blinks aren't following a simple oscillatory 
pattern.  I attached that clock to the main computer in my lab so it can send me 
Morse Code messages when something noteworthy happens.  Right now it's telling 
me that a standard class four bulk weight cruiser has just entered the five mile 
radius detection field I installed around the house.  That would be the Yagami.  
We should hear them any second."

	The room quieted and they could hear a dull, distant roar.  "That's them," 
Washu said confidently.  "You might want to cover your ears.  By the Doppler 
Effect, the engines will get much higher in pitch as they approach."  Sure 
enough, Washu was right again, and by the time the ship was almost there, it was 
all they could do to try to block out the screeching by plugging their ears.

	Shortly thereafter, the ship landed and the back door of the house opened.  
"Hi, everybody, we're back!" shouted the ever-perky Mihoshi, who was carrying an 
arm-load of boxes.  "Did you miss us?"

	"Like a tumor," muttered Ryoko.

	"Hello, everyone," intoned the much cooler Kiyone.

	"What are those boxes for?" inquired Noboyuki.

	"Oh, these?" said Mihoshi.  "Well we just thought that it would be nice to 
get some presents for all of you."  Mihoshi stepped forward to put down her 
burden, but she slipped on some grease that was spilled on the floor during 
Ryoko's unsuccessful culinary effort. Losing her balance, she started to slide 
across the floor.  "Whoaa!" she screamed, and flailed her arms in a vain attempt 
to regain stability.  This caused the presents to go flying, so while the blond 
bimbo bumped her buttocks, Washu was bombarded by a barrage of boxes, breaking 
the bubbling base's beaker.  Washu threw it at the wall, which proceeded to 
dissolve.  Kiyone leaned her face in her hand and closed her eyes.  "Not even 
back for a minute," she moaned, "and already she's caused property damage."

	"Sorry about that, everybody," Mihoshi said nervously, taking a seat at 
the table.

	"Don't worry about it," Tenchi reassured her.  "With all of the people who 
live here, I'd be surprised if we could make it through a week without something 
in the house breaking."

	"Thank you, Tenchi.  That's very generous," said Kiyone, also taking a 
seat.  She paused and sniffed the air.  "What's that rancid smell?"  Ryoko 
growled, Ayeka chuckled.

	"So, how have you two been lately?" Katsuhito queried.

	"Oh, we've been worse," squeaked Mihoshi.

	"We've also been better," muttered the other detective.  The room sat 
quietly for a moment.

	"Little Washu, that clock's blinking again," informed Tenchi.

	"Huh?" said the scientist, peering at the timepiece.  She watched it 
carefully, a puzzled look on her face.  Suddenly, it became one of shock.  "I-Is 
that even possible?"

	"What's wrong, Washu?" asked Sasami, who, because of her size, could get 
away with not using the "little" modifier.

	"I'm not sure," she admitted, biting her lip nervously.  "I'd better go 
check.  Come with me!" she shouted, running out of the room.  The other eight 
lifted themselves from their chairs and followed her.  Standing under the 
staircase, the red-head typed in a combination on a numeric keypad she'd 
installed on the door to her subspace lab.  The door became transparent and she 
entered.

	"Come on in.  Don't touch anything, Mihoshi."  The entourage entered the 
darkened room.  Washu jumped onto the floating cushion in front of her glowing 
computer terminal and began typing.

	"What exactly is the problem, Miss Washu?" asked Ayeka.

	"I'm getting a report of another spaceship entering entering the five-mile 
radius around the house."

	"Another ship?" asked Mihoshi.  "But when we were on patrol, we didn't see 
signs of any other ships in this solar system."

	"Well, there's one here now," she said, her eyes glued to the monitor.  
"And it's big.  I'm trying to get a visual, but from the stats I have here, it's 
at least battleship weight class."

	"Battleship class?" asked Kiyone, alarmed.  "But the engines on any ship 
that big should give off so much heat that our instruments would detect it while 
it was still in the upper atmosphere."

	"Exactly."

	"Couldn't it have heat shields?" asked Ryoko.  "I've managed to slip Ryo-
ohki past plenty of patrol ships using that trick."

	"That works to a point," Washu conceded.  "However, when you consider the 
sheer magnitude of the heat a ship that size gives off..."  Her face went blank 
and her typing ceased.  "No, there's no way someone could have duplicated those 
results," she said to herself.

	"What are you talking about?" urged Ryoko.

	"I invented a heat-cloaking device once on a ship I built that was capable 
of the sort of almost complete shielding that I'm seeing now," Washu said, 
resuming her typing.  "The thing is, it was based on an exception to the laws of 
thermodynamics I discovered that, to my knowledge, has never been found by 
anyone else.  I never told anyone about it, and I didn't think anyone else would 
uncover it.  Hold on.  Got it.  Uploading visual now."

	The screen went blank and was replaced by a picture of an enormous ship.  
It was about as wide as the lake outside their house and stretched lengthwise 
for what seemed like miles.  Its color was an off-white.  The screen showed it 
flying past a mountain.  Tenchi gulped.  He and Katsuhito had climbed that 
mountain once.  It had taken them nearly three days of hiking to reach the top.  
The ship was distinctly taller.

	"That's it," whispered a stunned Washu.  "That's the ship I built.  It was 
called the Daemos.  After I invented it, it was stolen by Kagato."

	"Kagato?!" the entire group shouted at once.

	"Are you saying the usurper has something to do with this?" Ayeka asked 
fearfully.

	"But he died on planet Jurai," Tenchi stated simply.

	"Well, someone got their hands on it."

	"Hey, maybe it was confiscated by the Galaxy Police!" suggested Mihoshi.

	"I doubt it," said Katsuhito ominously.  "I sense a dark presence on board 
that ship."

	"If you're right," said the genius, "then we're all in trouble.  The ship 
is coming here. It'll land within one minute."

	"What are we gonna do?" asked a frightened Sasami.

	"Well, it looks like we've got a fight on our hands," said Ryoko, cracking 
her knuckles.  She was trying not to sound eager, but no pirate can resist a 
good battle.

	"I'm not a fighter, so I'll stay here," Washu declared. "I'll keep an eye 
on my monitors and try to figure out exactly what we're up against.  Someone 
take this."  She tossed a small microphone into the air and Ryoko caught it.  
"Put it in your ear and I'll tell you if I find out anything important."

	"I think I'll stay behind, too," said a timid Noboyuki.

	"As for the rest of us, let's get moving!" Ryoko yelled.

	"Absolutely not!" snapped an indignant Ayeka.  "Sasami is staying right 
here until it is safe."

	"But Ayeka, I want to help you."

	"Sasami, do not forget that you are still ill.  We cannot have you 
endangering yourself."

	"But-"

	"No buts!  You'll stay in this laboratory, away from the threat."  Ayeka 
then turned and left the room, followed by the rest of those planning to fight.

	As soon as the group exited the lab, they were assailed by the whine of 
repulsor engines. These, however, were not so loud as to be painful.

	"Those engines aren't as loud as Yagami's!" shouted Tenchi over the noise.

	"It probably has somthing to do with the shielding Washu mentioned!" 
Kiyone responded.  Tenchi turned the knob on the front door and it flew open 
into the room.  Struggling, he pushed his way out against the gale created by 
the repulsor engines being used to land.  The ship was descending toward the 
lake, kicking up a torrent of wind and water that was spraying the party.  It 
stopped ten feet above the lake and started moving towards them.

	"Washu says the weapons are still cool!" shouted Ryoko.  "They're not 
planning a surprise attack!"

	"Are you sure she can detect them through their cloaking?" asked Ayeka.

	"Don't worry!  As far as Washu's equipment is concerned, they might as 
well not even have shields at this range!"

	The ship stopped moving with the bow resting directly in front of the 
house.  The bulk of the dreadnought stretched across the now dry lake and 
towards the horizon.  As the Masaki household stood awestruck, they heard a 
pneumatic hiss.  From the underside of the ship came two rows of mammoth metal 
pillars. There were two stretching down in front of the household, and another 
pair about every hundred yards down the length of the ship.  The pillars sunk 
into the ground, providing support for the ship, which was now able to power 
down its engines.  A dead silence fell over the area as the wind ceased.  One 
couldn't help but feel that this was the brief calm before the storm.

	Another hiss came out of the ship, echoing off of the distant mountains.  
A ramp lowered from the bow of the ship.  The base of it rested ten feet in 
front of them, and the ramp formed a thirty degree angle with the ground until 
it rejoined the ship nine feet in the air.  At the top of it stood Dakanao, 
surveying the scene with an amused look.

	"Let me speak first," whispered Ayeka.  "Perhaps I can keep this situation 
under control."  Even Ryoko was willing to admit that Ayeka's diplomatic talents 
were what the moment called for.  Ayeka started to speak, but noticed her throat 
was dry.  Clearing it, she fought down her trembling and called out.

	"Stranger!  Please identify yourself.  Why have you come to this planet?"

	"Ah, the Juraian princess," Dakanao said in his deep, mellifluous voice.  
"My, it is good to see you."

	"Has anybody noticed how much this guy looks like Kagato?" whispered 
Ryoko.

	"I was hoping it was my imagination," gulped Tenchi.  Dakanao stepped off 
the ramp and walked through their midst.  The entire party tensed up in his 
presence.

	"I have come to this planet to pass judgment on all of you for the crime 
of hypocrisy.  The crime that destroyed my life." Dakanao looked around the 
group.  "Let's see what we have here. There is the princess.  The quiet, gentle 
type.  Or so she'd have people believe.  Underneath all of that, though, a 
violent passion runs through you.  It is evident in your duels with Ryoko.  
Speaking of which..." he looked around for a moment.  "Ryoko!" he said, turning 
his head.  "You look lovely!  You haven't changed a bit in all these years.  
It's a shame that you were such a fool.  You could have had everything.  Yet you 
chose to give up your old ways, all because it turns out that the vicious pirate 
has a conscience." There was no mistaking the bitter sarcasm in his voice.

	"You've been given orders to identify yourself!" said the ever-
professional Kiyone, her hand gripped on her holstered blaster.

	"The detective!" Dakanao said, turning toward the source of the sound.  
"I'd almost forgotten you.  You pretend to be so kind and fair-minded, all the 
while thinking of the partner who worships you as a curse you'd just as soon 
dispose of.  And let's not forget about said partner, who proves that the only 
innocents are those too stupid to practice duplicity.  Hmm..."  He looked around 
as though trying to find something.  "The scientist appears to be missing.  
However, I'm sure you're watching this, professor Washu.  How dare you carry on 
with this gang, claiming to 'do good', when you yourself are known throughout 
the universe as a mad scientist."

	"Demon, for what foul purpose have you come to this Earth?" asked 
Katsuhito calmly.

	"Ah, Yosho!  Or should I call you Katsuhito?  Need I even elaborate on 
your duality?"

	At last, he turned his head to face Tenchi, and a snarl pulled at the 
corner of his mouth.  "And then there's you, Tenchi Masaki.  The central cog in 
this whorish web of treachery and deceit. You destroyed a noble man, simply for 
taking what was rightfully his, all in the name of justice."  Static electricity 
began to crackle in his hands.

	"Who do you mean?" asked Tenchi, who had unsheathed but not activated 
Tenchi-ken.


	Meanwhile, Washu was staring at a collection of readouts on their 
unidentified visitor.  Front and center was a visual display of Dakanao with 
arrows coming from the electricity in his hands and dissipating in all 
directions.

	"Whatcha lookin' at, Washu?" asked Sasami.

	"This is a visual representation of the electric flux coming from our 
friend's energy.  There's something awfully familiar about the patterns of these 
arrows."  Then it hit her.  She spoke quickly to Ryoko.


	"But do you know what disgusts me most about this whole motley crew?" 
Dakanao asked, continuing his soliloquy.  "It's the way all of you ladies are 
willing to stab each other in the back, all in the name of love."  He spat that 
last word with scorn.  "And the young prince, keeping his true feelings secret, 
even from himself."  Tenchi frowned at this.  What did he mean? Tenchi didn't 
even know his own true feelings.  Did he?

	"Hold on," said Ryoko, her eyes rolled back.  "Gotcha.  Washu says that 
this guy is giving off Jurai energy."  The group was shocked to hear this.  "All 
right, Hamlet, I think it's about time you tell us who you really are."

	"Forceful as ever, eh, cherry blossom?"  Ryoko paused.  How did he know 
that nickname?  "Oh, there's very little I don't know about you, my dear," he 
said, answering her unspoken question.  "Allow me to introduce myself.  My name 
is Dakanao, son of Kagato."


To Be Continued...


{Author's Notes: Well, what does everyone think so far?  I hope you're all 
enjoying reading this as much as I am writing it.  Sorry if anyone doesn't like 
the typical day setup, but I thought it was appropriate.  If you have any 
comments, positive or negative, please e-mail me at dukesr1@winthrop.edu  Even 
if you have nothing to say, just e-mail me and say "I read it."  Stay tuned for 
part two- "Sins of the Father"!}
