Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer.

Note- This is an OAV based saga. One slight difference is that the 
girls are a little bit friendlier to each other than they are in the 
actual show.

That was enough talk from me, so enjoy!



The War of the Destined
Chapter 1


It was the middle of the night and Ryoko couldn’t sleep. She had always 
been plagued by nightmares, which caused her insomnia. She woke up and 
walked into the bathroom. She looked up into the mirror and saw her 
reflection. She looked at her face and grimaced slightly at her blood 
shot eyes.

‘Damn, why can’t my good looks remain with me throughout the whole 
day?’ she growled, mentally.

She looked at herself for a few more seconds and then she walked out of 
the bathroom and back into her own room. She sat down on the bed and 
stared at the wall in front of her. She, after a few minutes, lied back 
down on her bed and closed her eyes trying to go back to sleep. She 
then started to drift off as her dreams took control.

After only five minutes of restful slumber, she started to twist and 
turn beneath her covers. The nightmare she was having was horrible, but 
it was more of a memory than a nightmare.


Start Nightmare Sequence

Blood. It was everywhere, but especially on her nude and beaten body. 
The slashes that Kagato had caused her were indeed very painful and 
would take a long time to heal. Ryoko looked at her master with fearful 
eyes, hoping that he was done. Kagato took one look at her and was 
disgusted. He walked up to her and whipped her one more time.

"Ryoko, why must you time and time again disobey me?!" he hissed at 
her.

Ryoko winced out of fear and pain and said, "Because they didn’t 
deserve to die."

"Don’t you understand, Ryoko? I don’t care if they live or die. Human 
lives are insignificant. I have told you that many, many times!" he 
yelled.

"But they’re still lives, Master. They deserve to be alive just as much 
as we do," she said.

"Who ever said that you deserve to be alive, Ryoko? From now on, I will 
have to control you by force. I could care less if you like it or not. 
I need to gain Tsunami’s power in order to rule the Universe," he said 
to her.

"I will cry for their death’s afterwards. On that, you cannot stop me," 
she said to him.

"Cry all you want, as long as you get the job done," he said.

"I do not want to kill, Kagato. I want to be free and when I say that I 
mean from you!" she shouted.

"You would dare to defy me! You will now pay for that vicious tongue of 
yours!" he yelled.

Ryoko closed her eyes and awaited him to whip her and without a doubt 
it came. Ryoko screamed loudly as she was hit. Kagato kept on hitting 
her until she was bleeding all over and she was unconscious. Kagato 
then walked up to her and spit on her face.

"You little bitch. You will work for me, even if I have to turn you 
into a puppet!" he hissed into her ear.

After that was done, Kagato walked out of the room, leaving a nude and 
bloody Ryoko all alone in a cold and dark room awakened and crying.

End Nightmare Sequence


At that very moment, Ryoko let out a horrid scream as if she were in 
utter pain. She jolted upwards and started panting heavily. She held 
her chest and she looked down at her sheets and they were full of her 
perspiration and tears. She then started to shiver and she wrapped her 
arms around herself.

"Damn that Kagato!" she muttered under her breath, "He can never leave 
me alone!"

She then heard footsteps coming towards her room. She threw herself 
back down onto the bed. She then closed her eyes and pretended to be 
asleep. From what Ryoko could see she saw two people open come into her 
room. She tried to make out who they were through her half-opened eyes, 
but she couldn’t. The two people then started talking and she 
recognized the first voice as Tenchi.

"I hope that she’ll be okay," Tenchi said worriedly, "She’s been like 
this ever since we defeated Kagato."

"I know, Lord Tenchi," said the other voice, "I’m going to stay with 
her tonight to make sure that she doesn’t have anymore nightmares."

"Miss Ayeka, that’s ok. You really shouldn’t stay up. You need to rest 
as well," said Tenchi, "I do appreciate the offer, but I will take care 
of her. She’s a guest in my house and she’s my responsibility along 
with all of you."

"Alright, Lord Tenchi. I will see you and Ryoko in the morning," said 
Ayeka, quite uneasily.

"Goodnight, Miss Ayeka," said Tenchi as he guided her out of Ryoko’s 
room.

"Goodnight, Lord Tenchi," replied Ayeka as she walked back to her room.

Tenchi looked down at Ryoko and he saw that her bed was completely 
drenched. He carefully picked her up and walked towards his room with 
her and placed her on his bed. Once he tucked Ryoko in his bed, he 
walked off to get a futon. Ryoko, once Tenchi was gone, lifted her head 
up and looked at the room’s surroundings.

‘What am I doing in Tenchi’s room?’ she wondered.

She then heard Tenchi opening the door and she put her head back on the 
pillow. Tenchi placed the futon he found next to his bed. He lied down 
on it and he looked to the side of his bed where Ryoko was sleeping. He 
studied her facial features carefully and sighed.

‘She looks so angelic when she sleeps,’ thought Tenchi.

Ryoko stirred a little bit, but then fell completely asleep. Tenchi 
smiled at the restful figure that was lying in his bed. He was thankful 
that Ayeka had consented to letting him watch over Ryoko for the night, 
or there would have been major problems. Tenchi watched Ryoko for an 
hour until sleep captured him as well.

The next morning Tenchi woke up slowly to find that Ryoko was not in 
his room. He got out of bed and threw his field clothes on, so he could 
get to work quickly before he ate breakfast. He walked downstairs and 
he could already smell Sasami’s delicious home cooking. Sasami heard 
him coming down the stairs, so she went to greet him.

"Good morning, Tenchi!" said Sasami with a big smile.

"Good morning, Sasami," said Tenchi as he managed a weak smile. 

"You don’t look so good, Tenchi. Is something wrong?" Sasami asked 
worriedly. 

"I just didn’t get enough sleep last night, that’s all," he assured 
her.

"In that case, would you like me to make you some strong tea?" she 
asked.

"Yeah, Sasami, that would be greatly appreciated," he replied as he 
rubbed the temples on his forehead.

"Well, in I’ll be in the kitchen doing that. Where are you going to be 
while I’m in there?" she asked.

"I’ll probably be at the field," responded Tenchi.

"Oh, ok. By the way, Ryoko’s out there already. Could you tell her that 
breakfast will be ready in an hour?" she asked.

"Sure, Sasami," he answered.

Sasami then made her way back into the kitchen as Tenchi made his way 
to the field. It was a beautiful morning and when Tenchi found Ryoko 
lying on the grass in the field, it made the morning even more perfect 
from his point of view. He walked up to her silently and put a hand on 
one of her shoulders. She was startled and as she looked up, she saw 
Tenchi’s face looking down at her and smiling.

"What are you doing here, Tenchi?" she asked cautiously.

"I need to work out here, remember?" he asked jokingly.

"Well, I’ll come back when you’re done," she said as she lifted herself 
off of the ground. She had taken only two steps when Tenchi grabbed one 
of her arms out of the blue. She was again startled and this time she 
blushed lightly.

"Ryoko, I didn’t find you in my room this morning," started Tenchi.

"What was I doing there in the first place? You know that Ayeka 
would’ve been pissed if she saw that I was in there," she replied. 

"Ayeka knew about it, Ryoko. She said it was alright," he said. 

"Well, I’m definitely surprised at how she took the matter. I can guess 
that she was probably a little upset that I was gonna spend the night 
in your room. She probably thought that I was gonna seduce you or 
something," she said, chuckling.

"Well, you usually do try and do that. I was amazed that you didn’t 
attempt to this morning," he replied with a slight laugh.

Ryoko then got that look in her eyes and before Tenchi could react, she 
had tackled him to the ground. She grinned down at him as looked up 
nervously at her. 

"Uh…Ryoko? What are you doing?" he asked as he broke a sweat.

"I’m showing you my appreciation for last night," she said, seductively 
as she started to caress his chest.

"Ryoko, you really don’t have to thank me. It was nothing, really," he 
said, nervously.

"Oh, but Tenchi, I want to thank you. You saved me from that horrible 
nightmare," she said, pouting.

"What would Miss Ayeka think if she saw this scene, Ryoko?" he asked 
quite sternly.

Ryoko thought about what Ayeka would do if she saw the two of them in 
this situation. Ryoko sighed and then got off of Tenchi. As Tenchi got 
up, he noticed the sad look in Ryoko’s eyes. Ryoko was kneeling on the 
ground with her hands in her lap with her eyes looking directly at him. 
Tenchi loved her eyes; he would always feel so peaceful whenever he 
looked into them. He started to think about the choice that he was 
going to have to make sooner than later between Ayeka and Ryoko. He 
cared deeply about both girls, but he needed to find out which one was 
the keeper of his inner most feelings.

Ryoko lost the sad look in her eyes as that of curiosity replaced it. 
‘What could he thinking about?’ she thought to herself. 

When Tenchi noticed that Ryoko wasn’t sad anymore, but was looking into 
his eyes with deep intensity. He also noticed that he was looking back 
into her eyes with the same amount of intensity. Everything was very 
calm and still at that moment, that is until Tenchi saw Ayeka’s face 
flashing before him with a disapproving look. Tenchi broke the silence 
at that very moment.

"I’d better start working," he said quickly.

Ryoko who was naturally disappointed, nodded as they went their 
separate ways. Tenchi shook his head and thought about what a close 
call he just had. Half of him wanted her to stay, while the rational 
half told him that it was for the best.

‘Who’s best?’ he wondered. ‘My best or their best?’

The emotions for each separate girl grew more each day, but he still 
didn’t know where his true feelings laid. He knew that he needed 
advice, but who was going to be straightforward with him? He thought 
about only one person that could be so incredibly blunt and that was 
Washu.

After he worked on the fields for about two hours, he made his way back 
home for lunch. Sasami greeted him and told him that lunch would take a 
while, so he went to look for Washu in the meantime. He walked towards 
her lab hesitantly, praying that she wouldn’t ask for a sperm sample 
from him. He walked inside and noticed Washu typing furiously on her 
holographic computer. He walked towards her and spoke.

"Little Washu?" he said.

"Tenchi? Is that you?" she asked.

"Uh, yeah. Little Washu, I need your advice on something," he said.

"What is it, Tenchi?" she asked, her eyes never leaving her computer.

"Well, it’s about Ayeka and Ryoko," he started.

Washu then turned around and looked at him with a seemingly annoyed 
look on her face. "What? Did they break something again?" 

He raised up his hands and waved them as he shook his head. "No, 
nothing like that. It’s more about a matter of decision." 

Washu grasped his meaning and looked him in the eyes. "Have you decided 
between the girls?"

"That’s the problem. I can’t decide which one is the right one for me," 
he said.

"I think I may have a way for you to solve your problem," she said.

"Really?! I’m so relieved, but I hope that this won’t involve me taking 
my clothes off," he said, worriedly.

Washu laughed, "No silly! I’m just going to sit you down and I want you 
to tell me all of the positive points for each girl and while you’re 
doing that, I want you to speak directly into this microphone. This 
machine will tally up the positive points for each girl and this means 
that you’ll know who you like the best." 

"Sounds simple enough," he said as he sat down in front of the machine.

"First, let’s start with Ayeka," she said.

"Ok, that’s easy enough. I like many things about her. She’s very sweet 
and gentile for one. She seems fragile, but she has an inner strength 
that she shows when in combat. She’s good with Sasami and very neat. 
She’s a hard worker and she always helps out even when she knows she 
can’t do much. She cares about everyone in this family greatly and 
she’s also very pretty," he concluded.

The machine tallied up Ayeka’s score. It blinked and the number nine 
appeared on the screen.

"Hmm…a very decent score in my opinion," commented Washu.

"Now we go to Ryoko, huh?" he asked.

"We might as well leave now, Tenchi. We both know that Ryoko’s score 
won’t come anywhere near Ayeka’s," said Washu.

"We don’t know that for sure, Little Washu," he replied.

"Oh, fine," grumbled Washu as she sat back down.

"What I like about Ryoko. Hmm...well, she’s very beautiful, probably 
even more so than Ayeka. She’s also very sweet and she behaves in a 
tender way when she thinks that no one is looking. She’s very honest 
and expressive. She’s an excellent fighter and she loves everyone in 
this house dearly, even though she won’t admit it at times. She has a 
beautiful singing voice and she dances like an angel, she also looks 
like one when she’s asleep. My favorite one favorite thing about her 
appearance is the color of her eyes because I tend to lose myself every 
time I look into them. Her hair is very soft despite its appearance, it 
feels like silk in my opinion. I love her melodic laugh and her 
beautiful smile. I love the way she’s outgoing and carefree. I even 
enjoy her mischievous attitude at times. I guess that about sums up 
Ryoko," he said.

Washu looked at Ryoko’s sum and whistled. "Damn, would you look at 
this!" 

"What is it, Little Washu?" asked a curious Tenchi.

"Either you like Ryoko a lot or you’re just madly in love with her 
because this score outdid Ayeka’s completely," she replied.

"What was the score, Little Washu?" he asked, anxiously.

"The score was seventeen, Tenchi," she answered.

"Wow," he said with a stunned look on his face.

"I guess I deeply underestimated your feelings for Ryoko," she smirked.

"Well, I still don’t know whom I actually love. I know it seems like 
Ryoko has a better chance over Ayeka because of this machine, but I 
would like to know them better than I do before I come to a sound 
decision," he said.

"I see. Well then, good luck, Tenchi," said Washu.

"Thanks, Little Washu. I’m really going to need it," he said.

Tenchi left Washu’s lab and bumped into Ayeka. She looked at him 
wondering why he would even go into that lab out of his free will. He 
looked at her wondering what he would do with his choice between the 
two girls.

"Lord Tenchi? Are you feeling alright?" asked Ayeka.

Tenchi awoke from his daze and straight into Ayeka’s crimson eyes. She 
had a worried look on her face and he suddenly realized that she had 
asked him a question.

"Sorry, Miss Ayeka. Could you repeat what you just said?" asked Tenchi, 
sheepishly.

"I was asking if you were feeling alright," she said, now even more 
concerned than before.

"Oh I’m fine, Miss Ayeka. I was just preoccupied with my thoughts," he 
said quickly.

"Very well, Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka as she was about ready to walk 
off. At that very moment Tenchi had an idea. He would date each girl 
for two weeks and at the end of the two weeks he would ask her a series 
of questions that would help him determine which one was his true love.

"Hey, Miss Ayeka, wait a minute," said Tenchi.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi, what is it?" she asked curiously.

"Go and find Ryoko. Once you have I want the both of you to meet me in 
here. Can you do this for me Miss Ayeka?" he asked.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi," replied Ayeka as she made her way to go and find 
Ryoko.

Ten minutes later, Ayeka and Ryoko entered the family room. Ryoko was 
wearing her usual yellow and blue dress with the tail. Ayeka was 
wearing a white and pink kimono. Tenchi acknowledged them and asked 
them to sit down. They did so and they were both looking at him very 
curiously.

"I bet you two are both very interested in knowing why I asked to see 
the both of you," said Tenchi. Both girls nodded in unison. Tenchi 
smiled at them and proceeded to tell them his plan that would solve the 
love triangle’s problem once and for all.

"So you’re telling us that you’re gonna date each of us for two weeks…" 
started Ryoko.

"And whoever answers your questions in the manner you prefer will come 
out the victor of this whole ordeal," finished Ayeka.

"That’s right, girls. Now we need someone to start off with," said 
Tenchi. Both girls shot icy glares at each other. Tenchi noticed this 
and decided to settle it.

"I have an idea. Let’s flip a coin. Ryoko, what do you choose?" asked 
Tenchi.

"Tails," she answered.

"Ok, I guess that leaves heads for Miss Ayeka," said Tenchi. He flipped 
the coin in the air and once it came back down to his palm he looked at 
it and closed his palm shut.

"Are you ready for this girls?" asked Tenchi. 

The girls were nodding their heads quickly with anxious looks on their 
faces. 

Tenchi sighed as he opened up his palm and said, "Alright. And the 
winner is…Miss Ayeka!" 

Ayeka was just sat there with a stunned look on her face as Ryoko had 
already phased out, very upset. "Well, then Miss Ayeka, you will choose 
the places for the all the dates now, that way we won’t have to waste 
any time. Is that ok with you?" asked Tenchi.

"Yes, that is fine with me, Lord Tenchi," said Ayeka, trying hard to 
hide her giddiness.

Tenchi then noticed that Ryoko had left the room. Tenchi decided to go 
and look for her, but he knew where she would always hide when she was 
upset about something…the roof.

As he thought, he found Ryoko on the roof crying lightly. He cringed at 
the sight. He hated to see her cry because it hurt him so much. He sat 
down on the roof next to her, though she still had not noticed his 
arrival. He put a hand on her shoulder and she jumped. She turned her 
head and she saw Tenchi there with his hand on her shoulder.

"What’s wrong Ryoko?" he asked concerned.

"You’re gonna choose her. I just know it. I’ll never even get a chance 
to tell you how I feel about you," said Ryoko in between sobs. 

Tenchi was at a loss of what to do, so he tried his best to comfort 
her. He sat down next to her and put an arm around her shoulder. She 
turned her head in his direction and looked deeply into his eyes. 
Tenchi couldn’t help but look back into her own eyes. Ryoko’s beauty 
was quite profound and before he knew what he was doing, he put a hand 
on one of her cheeks and started caressing it. Ryoko was surprised, but 
she didn’t move. It was like they were both frozen there. Tenchi moved 
his head closer to hers and she closed her eyes.

‘Wow! What’s happening? Is he gonna kiss me or what?’ wondered Ryoko.

‘What am I doing?’ thought Tenchi. ‘I shouldn’t be doing this, but yet 
it feels so right.’

Tenchi’s face was just centimeters away from Ryoko’s and before he 
could react, Ryoko acted out of her own instinct and kissed him 
passionately. Tenchi couldn’t do anything but sit there stunned. Ryoko 
moved her tongue into his mouth and before he knew what was going on, 
he was kissing back as well. Ryoko was happy with this outcome, so she 
wrapped her arms around his neck and kept on kissing him. Tenchi just 
acted out on his own instinct and wrapped his arms around her waist. 
They kissed for a good five minutes until they broke apart from each 
other. Tenchi was quite out of breath and Ryoko just let out a happy 
sigh. She continued holding Tenchi and he didn’t even seem to care. 
Ryoko put her head on one of his shoulders and smiled contentedly. 
Finally Tenchi broke the silence.

"Ryoko, what just happened?" he asked.

"We kissed, Tenchi. It was wonderful," sighed Ryoko.

"As wonderful as it was, you know that it was a mistake," replied 
Tenchi.

Ryoko just blinked at him, very confused and then sighed. ‘I guess I 
should just tell him how I feel and then maybe he’ll tell me his own 
feelings.’ 

"Tenchi, there’s something I need to tell you," Ryoko said hesitantly.

"What is it Ryoko?" he asked.

"Tenchi…I…I…" she stuttered.

"Yes?" he asked, curiously.

"I love you," she said, finally.

Tenchi just sat there stunned. He had never ever heard Ryoko utter 
those words to him and now that she did, he just didn’t know how to 
respond. Ryoko looked at him pleadingly, wishing him to answer her, but 
to no avail, he just continued sitting there with wide eyes. 

"Tenchi, please say something," said Ryoko with desperation in her 
voice.

"Ryoko…I just don’t know what to say," said Tenchi.

"Tell me the truth. Tell me how you feel about me," she cried.

"If I tell you anything, I’ll just be hurting Miss Ayeka, and you know 
that," he replied.

"You like her better than me then?" she asked quietly.

"I don’t know, Ryoko," he said through clenched teeth. "I can’t say 
just yet."

It looked like Ryoko was going to cry again. Tenchi couldn’t bear 
keeping his feelings trapped anymore; he had to tell her. "Ryoko, look 
at me," he said.

Ryoko looked up at Tenchi, but her vision was slightly blurry, so she 
couldn’t see his eyes as well as she would have liked. "Yes Tenchi? 
What is it?" she asked, her voice shaky.

"These dates that I promised you guys aren’t going to work," he 
started.

"What do you mean Tenchi?" she asked, now confused.

"I think I’ve known all along whom my heart has belonged to. I just 
couldn’t admit it until now," he said smiling at her.

"Tenchi…" she started.

"Ryoko, I love you," he said.

Ryoko’s eyes were on the verge of tears. She held onto Tenchi tightly 
as he held her as well. "Tenchi, thank you for finally being honest 
with me," she said happily.

Tenchi caressed her hair and laid a kiss on the top of her head. "You 
know, I’ve got to tell Miss Ayeka about this. She won’t be very happy 
when she finds out though," he said.

"Well, if it were me, I would just get it over with," said Ryoko.

"You’re probably right. Wait for me in my room, ok?" he asked.

"No problem, my Tenchi," she grinned and then she teleported to his 
room.

Tenchi made his way back into the house and ran into Sasami. "Hey 
Sasami, have you seen your sister?" 

"I think she went to her room Tenchi," she replied.

"Thanks, Sasami," he said.

Tenchi made his way upstairs and stopped in front of Ayeka’s door. He 
hesitated for a moment and then knocked.

"Who is it?" asked Ayeka’s voice.

"It’s me, Tenchi. May I come in to speak with you?" he asked.

Ayeka’s heart fluttered as her face started to glow with happiness. ‘He 
wants to speak with me! He might call off this whole thing and choose 
me right on the spot. Him declaring his love for me…what a perfect way 
to end the day.’

"Miss Ayeka? Are you ok?" he asked worriedly.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi, I’m fine. Please, do come in," she said trying to 
hide her giddiness.

Tenchi entered Ayeka’s room and sat down next to her. She did a good 
job at keeping a straight face while he was in there.

"Miss Ayeka, I have a good reason for disturbing you this late at 
night," he started.

"It’s no problem, Lord Tenchi. Your presence is always welcome here at 
any hour," she said.

Tenchi blushed slightly at this. "Miss Ayeka, you see…I’ve come to tell 
you something that might change all of our lives," he said.

"What is that, Lord Tenchi?" she asked with hope in her eyes.

"You remember those dates I promised you and Ryoko?" he asked.

"How could I forget, I won," she said.

"Well, I can’t go on them anymore," he said.

"What do you mean, Lord Tenchi?" asked Ayeka, curiously.

"Well, tonight I made my choice on who I love," he said, bracing 
himself for the worst.

"Well, who is it?" she asked, hopefully and almost sure of herself.

"You see…I love…I love…" started Tenchi.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi, go on," she said encouraging him.

"I love Ryoko," he said finally.

"What?! How can you love that demon over me?!" she asked as she felt 
the anger rising out of her.

"Miss Ayeka, Ryoko’s not a demon. She’s just as sweet and fragile as 
any other girl," he said.

"I see. Well, it looks like Ryoko and I won’t be fighting anymore. I 
will speak to her in the morning, but right now I need to be alone to 
figure things out," she said as she felt the tears brewing in her eyes.

"I understand. Well, goodnight, Miss Ayeka," he said.

"Goodnight, Lord Tenchi," she said sadly.

The moment Tenchi got up to leave her room, he heard a horrifying 
scream in a nearby room. Tenchi then recognized the scream as Ryoko’s 
voice and he ran towards his room, but he was too late. She had been 
kidnapped. Tenchi balled his hands into fists and slammed them down on 
his bed’s mattress. Ayeka ran into his room to find Tenchi crying over 
the loss of Ryoko. 

‘There is no time for your pitiful grudge against Ryoko,’ she thought. 
‘She is a friend of yours and she is also the one that Lord Tenchi 
loves.’

"Lord Tenchi," she started, "There might be a way for us to find out 
who Ryoko’s captors are."

"Yeah, and I know what you’re thinking. We should go and see Washu. Am 
I right?" he asked.

"Yes, Lord Tenchi. Miss Washu might have a solution to our problem," 
she said.

"You’re probably right. I just hate going to her lab," he said, unaware 
that Ayeka hadn’t the slightest clue of what he was talking about.

"What are you talking about, Lord Tenchi?" she asked.

"Oh, uh…it’s nothing you should be concerned about," he said quickly.

"Well, shall we visit Miss Washu now?" she asked.

"Yeah, let’s," he said.

The minute they were out of Tenchi’s room, they heard footsteps. They 
turned around to find no one other than Sasami there. She looked as 
though she had been crying. Ayeka walked over to her sister to comfort 
her.

"Ayeka, I had a scary dream," said Sasami, starting to cry again.

Ayeka knew very well what Sasami’s nightmares meant and they were 
usually depictions of the future. "Well, dear, why don’t you tell Lord 
Tenchi and myself about the dream?" asked Ayeka softly. 

"Well," she said as she was rubbing her eyes, "I don’t remember much, 
but of what I do remember it was pretty scary."

"What happened?" asked Tenchi.

"Well, there was this man dressed all in black, even his lips were 
black. He had a black sword in his hand and then he charged at Ryoko. 
Ryoko couldn’t use any of her powers and she was killed and then I woke 
up screaming," she said.

"It might be the same man who kidnapped Ryoko," Ayeka said, 
thoughtfully.

"Ryoko was kidnapped?" Sasami asked in shock.

Both Tenchi and Ayeka nodded in unison. "Have you seen Miss Washu yet?" 
asked Sasami.

"No, but we were on our way to see her," said Tenchi.

"Well, then let’s get going. We haven’t got a minute to lose," said 
Sasami as she ran down the stairs as fast as she could. Tenchi and 
Ayeka followed her to Washu’s lab. 

‘I can tell that Sasami’s dream was an omen. I just hope that Ryoko’s 
all right because if she isn’t, her captor will pay dearly,’ Tenchi 
thought angrily.

All three of them went into Washu’s lab. "Little Washu," called Tenchi. 
There was no answer. He tried again and he failed once more.

"She might be asleep," said Ayeka.

"I don’t think so, Miss Ayeka. I can hear typing somewhere. All we have 
to do is split up and look. Sasami, you go with your sister," said 
Tenchi.

"Ok," Sasami said reluctantly.

They parted and went to look for Washu. Tenchi could hear the typing 
and it was closer now. Tenchi then found Washu in the biggest part of 
her lab, obviously working on some experiment.

"Little Washu?" he asked as he put a hand on her shoulder.

Washu jumped and then she looked over her shoulder to find Tenchi 
looking at her. "Tenchi! You scared the living crap out of me!"

"Sorry about that. I just need your help," he said.

"At this hour?! Look Tenchi, I wouldn’t mind helping you in the 
daytime, but I was getting ready to go to sleep," she said irritably.

"But it’s important, Little Washu! Ryoko’s been kidnapped!" he 
exclaimed.

This instantaneously got Washu’s attention. She looked at Tenchi 
grimly. "Did you see who took her?"

"No, she was just snatched out of my room," said Tenchi before he 
noticed the grave error of what he just said. 

"In your room, huh?" asked Washu, now grinning.

Tenchi looked at her nervously and explained everything that happened. 
She looked at him, understanding what he meant.

"Hmm…whoever took Ryoko works fast, really fast," she commented.

"Do you think we can trace her?" he asked.

"I can’t contact her through our link because she keeps a damn barrier 
up on her side," she said. "But, I think we can locate her through my 
Direction Coordinator."

"Huh? What can that do?" he asked confused.

"It can basically locate anything throughout this entire galaxy," she 
said letting out a cackle.

"What if Ryoko’s not in this galaxy?" he asked.

"Then we pinpoint the closest part of where Ryoko might be in this 
galaxy and from there we can use Ryo-Ohki’s link with Ryoko to try and 
find out where she might be," she said. 

"But what if Ryoko is unreachable through the link?" he asked, now 
worrying even more.

"Then that’s when our troubles begin," she said seriously. "Just let 
the machine run a scan on the galaxy. I’ll let you know if anything 
turns up."

"Thanks, Little Washu," he said as he made his way to the lab door. 
When he got there, Sasami and Ayeka greeted him. He smiled at them 
weakly, but they could easily sense his sadness. 

"Lord Tenchi, were you able to find Miss Washu?" asked Ayeka.

"Yeah, she has a device that can scan this galaxy. She’s trying to 
pinpoint the exact location or the nearest location of where Ryoko 
could be," he said.

"You had better rest, Lord Tenchi. I will see you in the morning and 
inform Sasami and myself about any new developments on the search for 
Ryoko," said Ayeka.

"Of course, Miss Ayeka," he said. "I will see you two in the morning." 

Tenchi then made his way back to his room. He lied down on his bed and 
all he could see in his mind’s eye was Ryoko’s face. He was scared to 
think what could have happened to her. He loved her so much and to lose 
her just after he confessed was the worst thing that could have 
happened to him right then. He then was on the brink of sleep, but one 
thought escaped his mind before he did.

‘I swear to you Ryoko, when I find that damn bastard who did this to us 
I will make him pay. I will not lose you for a second time, I promise 
you this, my love.’

He finally fell asleep with a taste for vengeance in his blood. Soon 
enough the morning would come and awaken him with news of his beloved 
Ryoko.










