Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. 
They are the sole property of AIC/Pioneer.

Note- This is an OAV based saga. One slight difference is that the 
girls are a little bit friendlier to each other than they are in the 
actual show.
That was enough talk from me, so enjoy!



The War of the Destined
Chapter 2


The next day was either going to prove good or bad for Tenchi, but with 
his luck it was probably going to be bad. He had woken up to the sound 
of Washu’s demented laughter and he scrambled downstairs. He went into 
her lab to find her staring directly at him with a huge grin on her 
face. 

"Tenchi, I found where Ryoko is," she said.

‘Maybe this won’t be so bad after all,’ thought Tenchi. "Where is she?" 
he asked.

"She’s on the furthest outer rim of this galaxy. Unfortunately, Ryo-
Ohki doesn’t have a star map of the area of where I located her, so it 
might take a few hours for me to download this new information into 
Ryo-Ohki’s data bank," she said.

"That’s not really what’s worrying me. I want to know if you found out 
the name of her captor," he said.

"I did find out and her captor’s a man whom I never thought I would 
hear about again," she replied a little sadly.

"Who is he?" he asked, now becoming angry.

"His name is Zantron. He was a student of mine at the Royal Science 
Academy. He wasn’t bad when I knew him back then, but later on in his 
life, I heard that he teamed up along with Kagato to steal the Royal 
Tree Tsunami. Let’s just say that Kagato was a weakling in comparison 
to Zantron. His power is very close to your own," she replied 
hesitantly.
"What could he want with Ryoko if he is already much more powerful than 
her?" he asked.

"Quite simple really. He knows that Ryoko possesses a great deal of 
power and what he’ll probably try to do is to suck out all of Ryoko’s 
life energy and use it for himself, which will make him twice as 
powerful as before," she said.

"What will happen to Ryoko if he does this?" asked Tenchi, not quite 
sure if he wanted to know the answer.

"She’ll die," she replied sadly.

Tenchi’s heart felt shattered. To think that when he had confessed his 
feelings for her, this had to happen as well. Tenchi was cursing 
inwardly and he wanted to cry, but he needed to be strong for Ryoko.

"Little Washu, tell me when Ryo-Ohki will be ready for departure. I’ll 
be waiting," said Tenchi.

"Of course Tenchi," she replied as Tenchi left the lab.

On the other side of the galaxy, on the furthest outer rim, stood a man 
clad in nothing but black. His hair, eyes, and lips complimented his 
outfit. His face was narrow and sinister looking. His long black hair 
was tied in the back and his skin was as white as his teeth. His eyes 
looked like crescent moons and were jet black. He licked his painted 
black lips and went back inside of his ship to check on his "guest".

When he was inside, he noticed Ryoko was trying to break free of her 
bonds, but to no avail, it was a losing battle. "Come, come Ryoko. What 
makes you think you can escape that easily?" he asked.

To her, his voice reminded her of Kagato. "Who are you, you rat 
bastard?! What the hell do you what from me?!" she yelled.

Zantron gave her a thin smile. "Why my dear Ryoko. My name is Zantron 
and my cousin was Kagato," he said as coldly as possible.

"I knew it! I knew that you had to be related to that asshole!" she 
yelled even louder than before.

"Now to answer your second question. What I want from you is your life 
energy. In other words, I want your power," he finished.

"Like hell! You’ll never even get an ounce of what you want. My Tenchi 
will come for me and then he’ll kick your ass," she said giving him a 
satisfactory smile.

"I expected such boldness coming from a space pirate, but who is this 
Tenchi? Is he your lover?" he asked, now grinning sinisterly.

"Don’t you dare hurt Tenchi! You’ll be sorry if you do!" she screamed.

"I think I need to put a muzzle on you. I can’t have you scream while I 
concentrate, now can I?" he asked with an evil grin.

"What do you plan on doing?" she asked fearfully.

Zantron grabbed a light whip off of one of the chairs in the room. "I’m 
going to show you a lesson in manners, my dear," he hissed.

Ryoko’s fear increased as Zantron’s light whip snapped around her neck. 
He tugged on her hard enough to knock her into unconsciousness, but not 
enough to kill her. He needed her alive. He needed to study her powers 
before he could manipulate them into his own body. He studied Ryoko’s 
physical aspects very carefully.

‘I may not have to take her life energy away to increase my power, if 
she gives me her power willingly. I could keep her as my pet 
afterwards. She is very beautiful, so I will attempt to drive her 
thoughts away from this Tenchi forever!’ he thought as he laughed 
evilly to himself. 

Tenchi was growing impatient. He wanted to get Ryoko back badly. He 
didn’t know how much longer he’d last without her. He was sitting on 
the couch and tapping his hand on the armrest. He thought he was going 
to lose it, but then he saw his grandfather come into the room and he 
sat across from Tenchi. Tenchi’s grandfather could sense that Tenchi 
was tense, so he decided to try and help him with his problem.

"Tenchi, what seems to be the problem? You’re so tense," said 
Katsuhito. 

"It’s Ryoko, she’s been kidnapped," he answered.

"You’re in love with her I take?" asked Katsuhito.

"I knew you would figure it out sooner or later," replied Tenchi.

"Have you found out who has taken her?" inquired Katsuhito.

"Some man named Zantron has her," he answered as his anger was starting 
to take control again.

"Kagato’s cousin?!" his grandpa asked incredulously.

"What! Are you saying that Kagato has relatives?" he asked now much 
angrier with a tinge of fear in him.
"Yes, Tenchi. Has Washu told you about this man’s powers?" he asked.

"Yes, to some extent. All I know is that he is about as powerful as I 
am," said Tenchi.

"You must get Ryoko back at all costs. I doubt he will kill her, but I 
do fear that he will try to manipulate her thoughts and memory 
patterns," he said seriously.

"What do you mean grandpa?" asked Tenchi, now very afraid.

"He might try to erase her memories and just keep her for his own use 
after he has taken what he wants from her. Remember Tenchi, Ryoko is a 
very attractive woman and unlike Kagato, he has an interest in his own 
human needs," he finished.

At that moment, Washu walked into the room and nodded her head towards 
Tenchi and he followed her back into her lab.

"Well, is Ryo-Ohki ready?" asked Tenchi.

"As ready as she’ll ever be Tenchi," replied Washu smiling.

"I gather that you were successful with the data transfer?" asked 
Tenchi.

"Of course I was! After all I am the greatest scientific genius in the 
universe!!" she cackled loudly. Tenchi nearly face-faulted at the sight 
and sound of this. After five minutes, Washu regained her composure and 
looked seriously at Tenchi.

"You know that we don’t have a lot of time to waste. We need to find 
her soon before Zantron launches his plan into action, given if he 
hasn’t done it already," she said.

Tenchi cringed at the thought of his beloved being killed or even 
controlled over something so menial. "Have you found out the name of 
his base?" he asked quickly.

"I sure have Tenchi! It’s called The Red Star," said Washu.

"Well, then let’s get going!" exclaimed Tenchi.

Tenchi, Washu, and Katsuhito all made their way outside. Washu threw 
Ryo-Ohki up into the air and she transformed into a ship. Ayeka and 
Sasami came out a few minutes later.

"I gather we have all of the information we need?" asked Ayeka.

"Even if it isn’t all of it, it’ll have to do for now," replied Tenchi. 
"Who will be joining me on this trip?"

"I will Lord Tenchi. If this Zantron is more powerful than Kagato, then 
you’re going to need all the help you can get," said Ayeka.

"Thank you Miss Ayeka. Anyone else?" he asked.

He saw three more hands shoot up. He was surprised that Sasami wanted 
to go after all that had happened.

"Are you sure you want to go Sasami?" he asked.

"Yes Tenchi," she replied confidently.

Just as they were about to board the ship, they heard a crash come from 
the lake. Everyone looked down and shook their heads.

"Anyone wanna ask Mihoshi?" asked Washu.

Everyone noticed Mihoshi running up to them in a very wet GP uniform. 
She looked as though she was ready to cry and cry she did.

"Washu! My ship broke down again! Could you please fix it for me?" 
bawled Mihoshi.

"Why me?" Washu muttered under her breath. "I wish I could help you 
Mihoshi, but we’re all leaving right now. You’re welcome to join us if 
you want."

"Where are you going?" asked Mihoshi as she wiped away her tears.

"The Red Star," answered Washu plainly.

"The Red Star? Gee, where is that Washu?" she asked.

"It’s in the outer rim of the galaxy," replied Washu.

"Right…and where is that?" asked a clueless Mihoshi.

Washu face-faulted and tried to regain her composure, " Mihoshi, the 
outer rim of the galaxy is the part of the galaxy, which is the 
furthest away from any of the known planets in the Milky Way."

"Oh…I see!" she replied enthusiastically.

"It’s about time," muttered Washu.

"Well, Mihoshi, are you coming with us?" asked Tenchi.

"I sure will! As a Galaxy Police Officer, it is my duty to protect 
those of the Jurai Royal Family," she said seriously.

"Now that everything is settled, let us board the Ryo-Ohki," said 
Katsuhito.

"Uh…Little Washu? You did leave a note for my dad, right?" asked Tenchi 
nervously.

"I sure did Tenchi!" exclaimed Washu.

"Well then, let’s get a move on," he said.

As all six of them boarded the Ryo-Ohki, a mysterious figure watched 
them from the shadows of its dimension.

Right above the skies of the galaxy, an old man with a white beard and 
hair floated above it. His red diamond shaped gem twinkled in the 
middle of his forehead. He heard a voice call him and he vanished 
quickly.

He reappeared in a large room and the owner of the voice made itself 
known. 

"Your Majesty, Lady Tokimi. What is the honor of having me in your 
presence, My Lady?" he asked.

Tokimi looked at him and smiled, "My dear D3, you know what I desire. 
Have you discovered their location?"

"Yes, My Lady, but they have departed from that location. They are 
heading to the Red Star," he answered.

"The Red Star? I would like to know why," she said.

"They are looking for a missing person. I have no identification on who 
this person is though," he replied.

"Very well, I would like you to follow them there and find out for me," 
she said.

"Yes, My Lady," he replied as he vanished from her presence.

"Very soon Tsunami, very soon," she whispered. 

Back on the Ryo-Ohki, the gang was having a seemingly hard time 
locating Zantron’s base. Tenchi was getting more and more frustrated 
every second and once Mihoshi was informed of why they were going to 
the Red Star, she just started freaking out non-stop. 

"Little Washu! I thought you said you gave Ryo-Ohki the coordinates!" 
yelled Tenchi.

"I did Tenchi," answered Washu.

"Then why is it talking her so long to find the base?!" he continued.

"I don’t know Tenchi. The best bet I can give you is that she still 
might be uploading the information in her data bank as we speak. She 
was still kinda weak from the Kagato’s attack when she came to my lab 
for the data," said a puzzled Washu.

"Ryo-Ohki? How much longer till we get to the Red Star?" asked Tenchi.

"Miya, miya, miya!!" she replied. Tenchi looked at the computer screen 
in front of him. The screen said that it would take them approximately 
twenty hours to arrive at the Red Star. Tenchi sighed as he slumped 
down to the ship’s floor. Washu turned her head and saw Tenchi’s sad 
expression and sighed as well. She wanted to get her daughter back in 
one piece, but she feared that by the time that they arrived there it 
would be too late. 

Ayeka was standing and had her back to the wall of the ship. She just 
stood there with a frown on her face, contemplating on her relationship 
with the pirate. Indeed, she wasn’t very fond of Ryoko in the 
beginning, but after all that had happened, she considered Ryoko to be 
her best friend. The only reason they fought was because of Tenchi and 
now that the fighting was through, she could establish a true 
relationship with Ryoko. She was just as sad as Tenchi, but she didn’t 
want to let anyone know that she had decided to befriend the pirate. 
She brushed a lock of violet hair from her face and looked at Tenchi. 
She wanted so much to comfort him right now, but she knew that he 
needed his space during this time. She looked out of one of the ship’s 
windows and sighed.

Katsuhito looked over at his sister and wondered why she had decided to 
come along, despite her hatred for Ryoko. He thought it was because of 
Tenchi, but then he realized that it was something deeper. Her hatred 
towards Ryoko had turned into a bond of friendship almost like sisterly 
love. In ways they really were like sisters. They always fought over 
everything, especially Tenchi. He could tell that she was in pain from 
the loss of Tenchi and from the loss of her best friend Ryoko. He 
wanted to take away all of her pain, to embrace her in his arms and 
reveal to her that he was still young. He wanted to give her a second 
chance at happiness with him. He still loved her dearly, but he knew 
that it could not be.

Mihoshi just stared off at the ceiling, while lying on her back. She 
just yawned and hoped that Ryoko was ok wherever she was. Just as she 
was about to doze off, she heard a beeping sound come from her GP 
wristwatch. She clicked the button on it and her superior’s face 
appeared in the form of a holographic image. She saluted to the image.

"Detective Mihoshi, we at HQ are assigning you a partner for your 
duties. Is that alright with you?" asked her superior.

"Of course it is Sir. Just who is my new partner?" she asked.

Right then she heard a muffled sound that resembled screaming. She 
looked curiously at her superior and waited. "Well, is the person 
coming?" she asked.

Her superior looked at her and sweat-dropped, "I actually think you 
know this person," he said.

Just then she saw a teal haired female with clear blue eyes appear on 
the screen with a depressed look on her face. Mihoshi was overjoyed 
when she saw her. "Kiyone!" she squealed in delight. The other people 
on the Ryo-Ohki were giving her puzzled glances.

The teal haired GP just sighed and looked at her old partner, "Hey 
Mihoshi, long time no see, huh?" she asked, unsure if she wanted 
Mihoshi to respond. Mihoshi just looked at Kiyone with gleaming eyes 
and Kiyone had a large sweat-drop on the back of her head because of 
her partner’s joyful expression.

The rest of the gang became curious and walked over to Mihoshi. Kiyone 
noticed this large group form over Mihoshi’s shoulders. "Friends of 
yours?" asked Kiyone.

"Huh?" said Mihoshi as she looked behind her and found everyone peering 
at the holographic image. "Oh yeah! Kiyone, these are Tenchi, Princess 
Ayeka and Princess Sasami from Jurai, grandfather Katsuhito, and 
Washu," she replied.

"Hey folks! How are ya?" Kiyone asked cheerfully.

"We’re all great. Who are you?" asked Tenchi quizzically.

"I am First Class Detective Kiyone Makibi of the Galaxy Police," she 
replied.

"Oh!" said everyone in unison, excluding Mihoshi.

Kiyone looked back at Mihoshi. "Would it be possible for me to board 
the ship that you’re on?"

"Sure Kiyone!" she replied.

Washu went to the main screen on the Ryo-Ohki and typed in a few 
commands. Minutes later, Kiyone was on board.

"I never thought that I would be boarding the infamous pirate ship, the 
Ryo-Ohki," she mused.

Washu beamed with pride. "I created this ship, ya know. I also created 
Ryoko and the Soja as well."

Kiyone was stunned. She looked at Washu for five whole minutes 
unblinking after what the little genius had said. She finally regained 
her senses and looked around at her surroundings. She then looked back 
at Washu quizzically. "Umm…Miss Washu? Where exactly are we headed?"

"I won’t answer you unless…" said Washu.

"Unless what?" asked Kiyone.

"Unless you call me…Little Washu!" she replied enthusiastically as she 
purposely emphasized her own name.

Kiyone’s left eye started to twitch as she began to wonder, ‘Is she for 
real?’ She decided just to go along with her insane request or she 
might not get any answers at all.

"Sorry about that. Little Washu, could you please tell me where we are 
headed?" she asked.

Washu gave her the one over, but then grinned. "Sure thing, we’re 
headed towards the Red Star base."

Kiyone nearly choked. "WHAT! Are you insane or something? It’s too 
dangerous even for me to head out there! Why are we going there in the 
first place?!"

Washu sighed sadly. "My daughter is on that base."

Kiyone’s upset gaze softened as she put her hand on the scientist’s 
shoulder. Washu turned her head and Kiyone gave her an understanding 
look. Washu gave the GP a small smile. Right then they both heard an 
alarm go off on the ship. Washu sped towards the main controls to see 
what had happened. She looked down at the main computer screen and her 
eyes widened as she grinned. 

"Hey everyone! We’re right above the Red Star! Now all we have to do is 
land and from there enter the base," said Washu happily.

Tenchi was elated. He would be able to see his beloved Ryoko again, but 
then he frowned at the thought that she might not remember him if 
Zantron already put her under his control. He hoped that nothing had 
changed her. 

Washu landed the Ryo-Ohki on the planet and transported everyone out of 
the ship. They carefully made their way towards the base. Washu had put 
a cloaking device on each person, so that no one could be detected. 
They made it into the main room of the base. Washu at that point looked 
at everyone seriously.

"Okay people, we’ve made it this far. Now, we need to split up and look 
for her. Kiyone, you’re with me. The rest of you decide," said Washu.

Tenchi paired off with Ayeka and Sasami, while Katsuhito paired off 
with Mihoshi. At that moment, everyone split up. There were many doors 
to choose from, so taking any one of the doors, they all left the room.

Ryoko’s head was pounding. She looked at her surroundings and 
remembered where she was. She then saw Zantron coming towards her.

"Well, sleeping beauty finally decided to awaken. So, how do you find 
yourself today my beautiful princess?" he asked in a sultry voice. 
Zantron didn’t even look like he usually did. His black tunic was 
replaced by a white one and his lips weren’t black anymore. In truth, 
he now looked generally attractive.

Ryoko blushed slightly, but then pushed away those feelings of 
sentimentality. She glared at him. "What do you want?" she barked.

Zantron swayed towards her and released her bindings. Ryoko blinked 
five times quizzically. Once the bindings were gone, he caught her in 
his arms and looked at her with longing written all over his face. 
Ryoko turned away from his gaze and looked at the ground.

"To answer your question my beauty, I just wanted a small kiss from one 
of the most lovely creatures in the universe," he replied.

Ryoko looked back at him and she could feel herself blushing deeply. 
Zantron then put a hand on her face and started to gently caress it. 
She felt like she was falling under a spell almost like being 
hypnotized. He inched his face closer to hers. Ryoko wanted to pull 
away, but she had a strong desire to remain in his embrace. She 
couldn’t hold any longer. She pulled herself towards him and kissed him 
passionately. He responded with equal passion. He could feel emotions 
stirring throughout his body and he decided that he was going to let 
her keep her powers, but she would have to stay with him and be his 
lover.

Ryoko broke the kiss and Zantron pulled her back again, kissing her 
more fiercely. Ryoko had never felt such sensations before. Zantron 
picked her up in his arms and carried her to his chamber, still kissing 
her. He placed her down on his bed and proceeded to have her in the way 
he desired. Ryoko was too dazed to think anything of his following 
actions, so she let him do as he pleased.

Tenchi, Ayeka, and Sasami were running around in circles. They were 
getting desperate, so Tenchi tried to access the Light Hawk Wings. He 
pushed through his mental barrier and saw the three wings appear before 
him. He used the wings to make a portal to find Ryoko. It was their 
last hope. They all entered the portal and they found themselves in a 
very large room. Tenchi looked around the room and saw only two doors 
in there. He told Ayeka and Sasami to stay in the room, while he 
checked the doors.

Zantron could feel the presence of Ryoko’s friends. Zantron looked to 
his side and saw a very nude Ryoko sleeping peacefully. He planted a 
kiss on her forehead. "Don’t worry my love. No one will take you away 
from me. No one," he declared.

Fortunately for him, he wasn’t in the door Tenchi checked, so he got 
dressed and left the bedroom. In the middle of the main room he saw the 
two princesses from Jurai. Ayeka and Sasami were still unaware of 
Zantron’s appearance until they saw Tenchi burst through the first 
door. Tenchi saw Zantron from across the room.

Zantron made his way towards Tenchi. "So, you’re the one named Tenchi," 
he said smugly.

Tenchi ignored his tone. "Where is Ryoko?" he asked, trying to hold 
back his anger.

"Why do you ask, my boy? Do you have some sort of feelings for her?" 
asked Zantron, apparently trying to tick Tenchi off. It was working 
too.

"I’ll ask you once again, where is Ryoko?!" he yelled, letting out all 
of the anger inside of him.

Zantron just grinned smugly at him. "Would you like me to show you 
where she is?" 

Tenchi just nodded and they made their way towards the other door in 
the room. Inside that room, Tenchi saw Ryoko, but the way she was 
presented to him tore his heart in two.

"No," he whispered.

"Oh yes," replied Zantron.

Ryoko started to stir and as she got up, she rubbed her eyes and looked 
straight ahead of her and saw Zantron and Tenchi looking at her.

"What’s going on?" she asked quizzically.

"I was about to ask you the same thing," Tenchi replied darkly.

"Zantron? Who is that?" she asked, even more confused.

Tenchi understood right away what was going on. "You tricked her! You 
hypnotized her!" he roared. 

Ryoko, still not understanding what was going on, went up to Zantron. 
"My love, who is this young man? A friend of yours?" she asked.

"No, my dear. He’s an enemy," he snarled.

Ryoko then stood right in front of Zantron and shielded him. She looked 
straight into Tenchi’s eyes, without an ounce of recognition left in 
them. "Listen, you. I am not going to let you hurt the one who is most 
precious to me. Strike me if you will, but that’s the only way you’ll 
be able to get to him," she said, snarling viciously at Tenchi.

Tenchi was at a loss of what to do at that point. If it were anybody 
else, he would consider her offer, but looking into Ryoko’s eyes, he 
could tell that half of this was her own free will and the other half 
was the part being controlled. He looked even deeper into her eyes and 
noticed that hate and fury replaced the happy gleam that was usually in 
them.

"I will not fight you," he answered calmly.

"Why the hell not?" she asked angrily.

"Because I cannot strike the person that I love," he said.

Ryoko looked at him quizzically. "You love me?" she asked in disbelief.

"Yes," he replied.

"Why? I just met you. You’re not supposed to feel this way for someone 
you’ve just met!" she shouted.

"That’s just the thing Ryoko. I didn’t just meet you. I’ve known you 
for a long time," he replied.

"Explain this," she replied coldly.

"Your memories have been erased. You can still act on your own free 
will, but you are also being controlled by the one you hold so dearly 
in your heart," he concluded.

"Why the hell should I believe you?! You’re probably the one feeding me 
lies and who knows what other shit," she countered. 

Tenchi lowered his eyes. "Do you wish to remain here?" he asked 
quietly.

Ryoko’s eyes narrowed. "You’re damn right I do," she replied.

"Then there’s nothing I can do to stop you," he said sadly as he gave 
her a small smile. "Goodbye then, Ryoko." Tenchi then stepped away from 
her and Zantron and left the room.

Zantron looked at the empty space where Tenchi had been. He summoned 
one of his most powerful warriors. "Aien, come forth," he bellowed. 
Aien then appeared to him, dressed in a black fighting suit with a red 
cloak to match. His dark green eyes gleamed like fine glass and his 
shoulder length blue hair was kept neatly in a ponytail. He looked at 
Zantron and bowed, "My liege, what is your desire?" he asked. Zantron 
looked at him thoughtfully and said, "Destroy the one who calls himself 
Tenchi Masaki, plus kill any of his followers. Am I understood?" he 
asked. Aien looked up at him and nodded, "Yes, my Lord." Aien quickly 
vanished and then Zantron looked down at Ryoko. "Well, that was quite 
eventful," he said to her. Ryoko then gave him a wicked grin. "What’s 
that smile for?" he asked. "I know what we can do to pass the time," 
she purred. "I hear you loud and clear," he said giving her a grin of 
his own as she teleported them back to the bed.

Tenchi was distraught, but in order to keep her alive, he had to let 
Ryoko go for the time being until he could figure out a way to get her 
back. Ayeka and Sasami had been trying to console him, but it wasn’t 
working. Once the whole group found each other, Tenchi explained to 
them exactly what had happened. Everyone was upset with the turn of 
events, but Washu was pissed off to the max. 

"Once I get my hands on Zantron I’m gonna tear him to pieces!" she 
shouted. Everyone just stood there looking at her, stunned, but she 
could have cared less at that point. Kiyone then decided to try and 
calm her down.

"There’s no point in getting upset with this. Until we find a way to 
knock some sense into her, we can only hope that she’ll realize what 
she is doing herself," she said.

Washu looked up at the intelligent GP and said, "You’re right. As upset 
as I am, there might not be a solution, especially since she’s a 
mixture of free will and a controlling force." 

"All we can do is pray," Katsuhito added. 

At that moment, they were all interrupted by someone phasing into the 
room. They all looked up and noticed a figure with dark blue hair and 
green eyes. His eyes scanned the room until they landed on Tenchi.

"Are you Tenchi Masaki?" the man asked him.

"What’s it to you?" snarled Tenchi.

"I am Aien and my Lord is Zantron. He told me to eliminate the one who 
calls himself Tenchi Masaki. I was also told to kill whoever were his 
followers. I repeat, are you Tenchi Masaki?" he asked.

Tenchi looked up at Aien with a look that could shatter glass. "Yes, I 
am the one you search for," he replied angrily.

"Very well then. I am sorry, but I have to end your life now," said 
Aien.

Aien raised his sword to attack Tenchi when a shrill scream hit the 
room. 

"Stop!!!!!!" cried Ayeka.

Tenchi and Aien looked behind them to see Ayeka in full combat form. 
Her headpiece was glowing a bright silver light and her logs were 
raised high in the air. She glared at Aien.

"How dare you attack a member of the Jurai Royal Family!" she barked at 
him.

Little did anyone know that Aien was not in control of his own mind, so 
he ignoring Ayeka’s question, he plunged into battle with Tenchi. 
Tenchi grabbed his sword and parried Aien’s sword with it. They both 
jumped back and stood in fighting stances. Aien flew towards Tenchi and 
attempted to slash his right shoulder. Tenchi dodged the attack and 
crouched to the ground on his left. Tenchi slowly rose up as his sword 
flared to life. He and Aien jumped at the same time to attack when 
Ayeka blasted Aien from behind to distract him. She was allowing Tenchi 
enough time to access his Light Hawk Wings. 

Aien looked at Ayeka and smirked at her. He jumped towards her, but 
made a grave mistake in doing so. Tenchi had jumped towards him while 
he was being distracted by Ayeka and made a slice at his neck. He 
wasn’t injured, just knocked out. Ayeka walked towards the body on the 
ground and looked at it and noticed that something green was glowing in 
the middle of his neck. She bent down next to him and cautiously 
touched his neck. He started to convulse at her touch, so she backed 
off quickly. When Aien had finally regained his senses he looked around 
the room curiously. 

"Where am I?" he asked quizzically.

Everyone looked at him strangely. Ayeka raised an eyebrow and she 
walked back towards him. 

"Do you remember anything that just happened?" she asked him. 

Aien just shook his head no and Ayeka knelt down beside him. 

"Do you know a man by the name of Zantron?" she continued. 

Aien nodded his head rapidly as he shook in utter fear of the name. She 
gently took his left hand with her right one and gave him a sympathetic 
look. 

"He scares you, doesn’t he?" she asked softly. 

Aien nodded and then he looked down at the ground. "He controls all of 
my actions. I don’t have much of a choice in what I do," he finally 
replied. 

Ayeka then leaned forward and hugged him. He didn’t know what was going 
on, so he reciprocated and hugged Ayeka back. Ayeka felt this, but she 
didn’t push him away, she only held him tighter. She finally broke the 
embrace and looked at him tenderly.

"I can tell that you don’t want to hurt anyone, so will you help us 
find a cure for our friend Ryoko? In return, we will take you out of 
your imprisonment under Zantron. Does that sound ok with you?" she 
asked. Aien smiled and nodded. 

"A man of few words," Ayeka chuckled softly. 

Ayeka smiled back at Aien and helped him to his feet. Once he was up, 
he led the way to a room that was forbidden to be entered for everyone 
including himself. This room had all of Zantron’s cures for his 
hypnotizing spells. The kind that Ryoko was under was the most 
intricate out of all of them, so trying to find this particular cure 
would be very hard indeed.

As Aien was leading the group towards the room, D3 was watching the 
interesting turn of events. ‘I must report to Lady Tokimi on my 
discoveries. She will be most surprised with the news I will be 
bringing her,’ he laughed inwardly as he vanished.









