Legal Info- I do not own any of the characters represented in my story. They are the sole 
property of AIC/Pioneer.

Note- This is an OAV based saga. One slight difference is that the girls are a little bit 
friendlier to each other than they are in the actual show.
That was enough talk from me, so enjoy!



The War of the Destined
Chapter 5


Everyone was ready for battle again. Sasami and Washu remained in their adult forms. 
They each had a light sword in hand. Tenchi had his light sword in hand and ignited, 
same as Aien. Mihoshi and Kiyone had their GP blasters ready, Ayeka was readying her 
mini power logs, and Yosho was just standing in a battle stance. Just then they heard 
footsteps as they saw a stout man who looked a lot like Aien step up to them.

"Greetings from Seltres," he said, bowing.

Everyone looked confused at the way he presented himself, but they did not budge from 
their positions.

"What the hell do you want?!" Kiyone cried out. Seltres looked at her and grinned.

"Oh my, my. You are a pretty one and feisty for that matter. I'm sure that you'll make an 
excellent prize for my master," he drawled.

Kiyone glared daggers at him. "In your wet dreams!" She then charged at him and blasted 
a shot with GP blaster. He dodged it and instead she got jabbed in the ribs.

"Damnit!" she winced out pain. She shot Seltres an evil look as he got closer to her.

"What? No smart ass remarks? Listen doll, you are no match for me and never will be," 
he said with an evil smirk.

Kiyone had the word 'murder' written all over her face. She wanted to kill him herself. 
She got up off of the ground slowly and glared at him fiercely. She started towards him, 
but was stopped by Tenchi.

"Kiyone, this is my fight not yours," Tenchi said plainly.

Kiyone wasn't listening to him. She was looking directly at Seltres with all of the hatred 
she could muster. She ran towards him before Tenchi could stop her again. She fired her 
GP blaster at Seltres, but he phased away before it could hit him.

"Damnit!" she growled. "Where the hell did he go?"

"Doll face! Look up!" Seltres hollered.

Kiyone looked up at the ceiling and there was Seltres, floating. She glared daggers at 
him. 'When did the bad guys ever become so clever?'

Seltres sneered at her. "Not very smart, detective!"

Kiyone was severely pissed, so she did something that no one, including Mihoshi had 
ever seen her do in her lifetime. She let her anger fuel her energy and then there was a 
burst of light. Everyone, including Seltres, had their eyes covered. 

Once the light had dispersed, everyone removed their hands from their eyes to see 
Kiyone decked out in a Light Hawk Wings uniform. Everyone gasped, and Seltres looked 
at her with a smirk on his face.

'I wasn't expecting that one. Well-done, detective, well done,' he thought.

Kiyone had a serene look on her face and floated up towards Seltres. Seltres then ordered 
his minions to take care of the rest of the group. His minions looked like very large bats 
that had poisonous fangs and claws. Seltres then turned to Kiyone with an evil smile.

"Well, it looks like your friends will be occupied for the time being," he said smugly, 
while looking her up and down. "You naïve little girl. Even with the Light Hawk Wings 
you will not be able to beat me."

"You will be dispersed," Kiyone replied peacefully. She then drew out her Light Hawk 
Wings sword and craftily swung it at Seltres. Seltres barely escaped her attack and threw 
himself against a wall as quickly as possible. Kiyone floated towards him calmly, 
swinging her sword against her left side.

"I would not try to escape again if I were you," she said.

"What are you?" he asked fearfully.

Kiyone smiled at him sweetly. "Death." She then swung her sword towards Seltres' gut 
and he fell towards the ground. He wasn't dead yet, but severely injured. Kiyone floated 
down towards him, but something happened that she didn't expect. He regenerated.

Kiyone's eyes widened as she gasped. 'This guy just won't go down! What do I have to 
do in order to get rid of him permanently?'

Seltres came towards her with an evil grin painted on his face. "Wasn't expecting that 
one, eh detective?"

She was about ready to lose her cool when she figured out a way to get rid of him, but 
she would need Tenchi's help. Her clear blue eyes scanned the room for him and once 
she saw him, she floated down towards him.

Tenchi was engaged in a battle between three of Seltres' minions. He had a few scars and 
bruises, but nothing extraordinarily severe. Kiyone saw how the rest of the others were 
doing and it didn't look good. She saw Mihoshi down, like she was in the last battle, but 
this time, she was even more hurt. The rest of them seemed to be faring about as well as 
Tenchi, but to see her partner hurt like that really made her blood boil. She ran towards 
Tenchi and tapped him on the shoulder.

Tenchi turned around, with his Light Hawk Wing sword ready to attack, but backed off 
when he saw that it was Kiyone who was behind him. 

"Tenchi, I'm gonna help you fight off these guys and then we both need to get rid of 
Seltres," she said seriously.

Tenchi nodded as Kiyone threw herself into his battle with the minions. Tenchi and 
Kiyone were back to back while fighting. Kiyone noticed that the creatures would always 
regenerate each time they were hit. Kiyone knew that she would have to combine her 
power with Tenchi's, but how? She then realized the way to get her power and his to join. 
She grabbed him and floated up with him in the air. Tenchi gave her a confused look 
when they finally got up there.

"What is it? What's going on?" he asked.

Kiyone sighed. "We can't beat Seltres or his little bastards separately. We need to 
combine our powers."

Tenchi considered this and she was right. That was the only way that they could finish 
them off quicker. Tenchi nodded at her suggestion. "What do we need to do in order to 
merge our powers as quickly as possible?"

"Well, if Washu weren't fighting right now, we would be able to ask her, but there is 
another way, but only one of us would be able to hold all of the power. I would like you 
to be that one," said Kiyone.

Tenchi just nodded. "How will you transfer your powers over to me?"

Kiyone blushed slightly. "Well...err...umm..."

"Yes?" asked Tenchi.

"You'll have to kiss me," she finally blurted out.

Tenchi's face flushed at the suggestion. "What!"

"How much do you love Ryoko?" asked Kiyone.

"More than my own life," replied Tenchi.

"Then do this for her!" Kiyone shouted.

Tenchi sighed, knowing that she was right. He floated towards Kiyone and stopped at her 
face. She was beautiful, but to Tenchi, no other woman could surpass Ryoko's beauty. He 
closed his eyes and imagined that it would be Ryoko whom he was kissing. He opened 
his eyes and saw Ryoko's angelic face before him. He grabbed that face and kissed it 
passionately.

Kiyone was in a state of shock, but she kissed back, concentrating all of her energy into 
that one kiss that would provide Tenchi with the power to defeat Seltres' and his beasts. 
After about five minutes, Tenchi felt a surge flow through his body. He pulled away from 
Kiyone when that happened.

Tenchi watched as Kiyone's clothes slowly turned back into her GP uniform. Before she 
fell to the ground, Tenchi caught her and floated down towards Mihoshi, placing Kiyone 
gently next to her partner.

Tenchi then walked towards where Seltres was. Seltres saw him coming forward and 
before Tenchi could react, Seltres had already charged at him. Tenchi thought that it 
would be a good idea to get rid of the leader first, then his beasts because Seltres' 
minions would probably become weaker with the lack of a master to guide them and give 
them power. 

Tenchi's sword clashed with Seltres' and Seltres growled at him. They could not surpass 
each other, now that Tenchi had extra power within him. Unknown to Tenchi, Seltres had 
a dagger in his right pocket. Seltres took out the small, but sharp dagger and thrust it into 
Tenchi's right side. Tenchi fell to his knees in pain as Seltres looked down at him with 
evil eyes.

"Now you die!" growled Seltres.

Tenchi remembered this scene occurring that time he fought Claytros, but his daughter 
Sasha from the future was there to save him that time. No one could save him now, but 
himself.

"Tenchi!" a voice cried.

Tenchi turned and saw Kiyone calling him. "Use the power within yourself! Use it!"

Again, Kiyone was right. Tenchi slowly got up in an attempt to ignore the pain. He 
thought about his precious Ryoko and how good it would feel to hold her in his arms 
again. These thoughts were making the pain go away quickly until it was nonexistent. He 
stood up confidently and drew his Light Hawk Wings sword up to Seltres' neck.

Seltres' looked at Tenchi with fear in his eyes. "No! It's impossible! Humanoids cannot 
survive that dagger! It was filled with poison!"

Tenchi didn't answer, instead he summoned two more Light Hawk Wings and two extra 
triangles appeared on each side of his forehead. He took the two new wings and added 
them onto his sword, making it three times as big than it was before. He backed away 
from Seltres and pointed the elongated sword towards the middle of Seltres' chest, but 
not touching. Suddenly a blast of light burst directly from the sword and it flew towards 
Seltres' and blew him up while he was letting out a last and deafening scream of pain.

Once Seltres was dead, Tenchi ran to help the others eliminate the beasts. There were 
about five left since some of them actually killed each other. Tenchi used his wings on 
each and every one of them. Once that was through, Tenchi looked at his companions 
who were all badly cut and bruised. 

Tenchi walked over to where Washu was. "Washu?"

Washu's head jerked as she turned around and looked at Tenchi. "Ah, Tenchi! Is there 
something you need?"

"Umm...yeah. Kiyone lent me her power and now I need to give it back to her," said 
Tenchi.

Kiyone overheard this and walked over to Tenchi and Washu's direction. "No Tenchi."

Tenchi turned his head to see Kiyone standing right behind him. "What do you mean?"

Kiyone smiled at him. "I mean that you are going to be needing this power more than I 
am for the next battles because when we finally face Zantron, you will be the one who 
will have to face him, not us."

"If that's how you feel, I'll return your power to you once everything is over," said 
Tenchi.

"I'd like that," said Kiyone with a small smile.

Washu then looked at Kiyone questionably. "Tell me Kiyone. How is it that you can 
produce the Light Hawk Wings?"

Kiyone sighed. "Well, now that the secret's out, I might as well tell all of you."

The rest of the group gathered towards Kiyone to hear her story. "Well, it started not very 
long ago, actually it was only three years prior to current time when I actually gained 
access to the powers that I have now. It all started when..."


Kiyone's Flashback...


She was soaked in blood. Her deepest pain was in her chest considering that that was the 
spot she was cut the deepest in. She was dying, but she was struggling to hold on, at least 
to finish of the bastard who did this to her.

"Detective Kiyone Makibi. When will you ever learn when to give up?" a raspy man's 
voice inquired humorously.

"Shut up!" Kiyone spat.

"It looks like the little girl is throwing a temper tantrum. All little girls need to behave or 
they will get hurt," he informed her smugly.

Kiyone glared and growled at him. She was pissed off beyond belief. She wanted to kill 
him badly. She raised her GP blaster towards his face, hoping that it would have some 
effect.

The man laughed at her. "Miss Makibi! Do you want to play again? I thought that you 
were exhausted from the last time!"

That did it. Kiyone blasted her gun at him, but he had a force field protecting him. She 
shot him again and again, but it was useless. Finally, the man got fed up with her and 
blasted an energy projectile into her already bloody gut. He walked towards her and 
shook his head at the motionless body.

"Pathetic" he mumbled. He then walked away from the body for good.

Kiyone just laid there, soaked in a mass of her own blood. 'I thought that I would be a lot 
older when I went.' She closed her eyes and awaited her death.

A few minutes later, Kiyone opened up her eyes, but instead of being in a place of the 
beyond; she was still on the street in her blood stained clothes. She sat up slowly; 
wincing at every shot of pain that coursed through her body as she did that. When she 
looked up again, she saw a beautiful woman there. Kiyone's eyes widened at her very 
presence.

"Kiyone Makibi?" said the woman.

"Yes?" asked Kiyone a bit fearfully.

"It looks like you've been badly wounded. Would you like me to rid the pain for you?" 
the woman asked kindly.

Kiyone nodded at her request. At that moment, a warm white light enveloped Kiyone. 
She embraced that warmth, enjoying the comfort within it as much as possible. When it 
pulled away, Kiyone noticed that she was healed all over her body.

Kiyone looked at the woman bewildered. "Huh? What the..."

"There is no need to be afraid Kiyone. Trust in your own power and you will succeed," 
she said soothingly.

"Who are you?" asked Kiyone, puzzled.

"I am Tsunami," she replied gently.

Kiyone's eyes doubled in size. "Tsu...Tsunami!"

Tsunami nodded in confirmation. Kiyone just sat there, still bewildered. 

"Why did you come to me?" she asked.

"Do you know the bloodline of your parents?" asked Tsunami.

Kiyone nodded. "Yeah, Juraian and Koytarkian."

"Your father was Juraian nobility, was he not?" asked Tsunami.

Kiyone just nodded. Tsunami then walked up to her and kneeled down in front of her, 
pressing her forehead up against Kiyone's. On Kiyone's forehead were two glowing 
triangles and when Tsunami pulled away, they disappeared.

"You are now able to access your own Light Hawk Wings," said Tsunami.

Kiyone's mouth dropped. "What!"

Tsunami just smiled and nodded as she vanished. Kiyone just sat there dumbfounded, but 
then a devious smile played across her face. "If I have the Light Hawk Wings now, that 
means that I can kill the bastard that nearly killed me!"

Kiyone got up and sped towards her she landed Yagami. She knew what she needed to 
do.


End Flashback...


"...And that's how it happened. I was seriously surprised, but not at all put out. I enjoy 
having the wings and I use them when needed," said Kiyone.

Sasami walked towards Kiyone and smiled. "Tsunami said that she was proud of how 
brave you were in your actions today."

Kiyone blushed. "Well, please tell her that I said thank you."

Sasami nodded. Everyone was stunned by Kiyone's revelation. Sasami then turned to 
Tenchi's daughter Sasha. "You know, when the time comes, we will need to give Tenchi 
our own powers for him to fight Zantron."

"Yes, I know," agreed Sasha.

Washu then turned her attention on the group. "Listen up people! We need to be very 
cautious for the next battle. Many of us nearly died this time. I already healed most of us. 
I need to see Mihoshi and Ayeka now."

They both walked towards Washu to be healed. Tenchi just stood there wondering how 
they were going to survive the next battle.

In a dark hideaway, Zantron was sitting in his office, looking very pissed. Both Claytros 
and Seltres had failed him miserably. He called forth his last warrior.

"Mering! Come here!" he bellowed.

Mering appeared in a flash. "Yes, my liege?"

"My last two warriors failed me. I do not expect the same result from you," said Zantron 
coldly.

"Of course not," replied Mering.

"Good. See to it that none of them escape alive," said Zantron.

"As you wish, my liege," said Mering as he vanished.

'I will never let you have her back, Masaki. She is mine now, for all eternity!' thought 
Zantron as he left his office to meet with Ryoko.

Ryoko was standing outside the office door with a pout on her face. Zantron shook his 
head and grinned at her. 'I can't believe that I just wanted her for her powers. She is so 
much more than that'

"Shall we?" said Zantron.

"Let's," replied Ryoko.

Zantron looked at Ryoko. 'I am most definite that I will not let Masaki or any other men 
in existence touch her. She is all mine now, in every aspect, and I will kill anyone who 
thinks differently. I can't help it, but...I truly do love her. I want her with me forever and 
if that means killing the man she loves in her subconscious mind, then so be it.'

Ryoko looked up at Zantron and smiled. He smiled back as they made there way to the 
dining hall. 'I will never lose you,' he thought, 'I swear it! Never.' 













