Author's Note: This is my first Tenchi fan fiction.
Told from Ryoko's point
of view, this takes place in the Tenchi tv series
universe, the prologue
is set at the near end of "No Need For Ryoko". I hope
to make this story a
retelling of the whole tv series, expect through
Ryoko's eyes and not Tenchi's,
reliving the "carnival" of their time together.
(You gotta admit they would  see things very
differntly;D)
Please, if you like this story at all or think that I
have any tiny bit of Tenchi
writing talent, e-mail me and say so! Your comments
will motivative my lil' brain into
writing more! Copyright thingie: I don't own Tenchi
Muyo, I am but a lowly fan of it's
greatness. Unless you want my poor little Ryoohki doll
don't sue, for it is the only thing
I have of value (Please don't take away this girl's
little fuzzy Ryoohki:(  )

                No Need For A Warrior's Heart
                        By Alicorn
                      ###Prologue####


The carnival is gone now, leaving the smell of summer
days, cotton candy
and false hopes drifting in the air. Dreams and love
have been ripped for
my heart like the daydreams of a child...

                          ************
It was always my wish for you to live happily ever
after Tenchi.
A human kindness, something I had never known was your
very soul.
The blessings of a warm family and easiness to except
all things was one thing
 you taught me (All right, *tried* to teach me, but
you gotta admit I'm a fast learner)
I don't suppose I would ever have been able to see the
beauty of little things
like the colors of the leaves in fall or the newness
of the cherry blossoms in
spring if it wasn't for your simple soul.

My side is really hurting now, burning into my mind
like a blazing fire on liquid
metal...I should have never stopped, I should have
gone with you! Only when you stop
do you feel the pain...
Pain's nothing though, I did for you Tenchi and I
won't be weak..I will be strong
for you. Drifting out here in space, there is nothing
left to do but think and pray
for you.
 You can't die Tenchi, your immortal heart protects
you. You have the heart
of a warrior, just like me. Strength beyond measure,
with your heart you won mine right
from the start. Skills and wisdom beyond your years
and the ways of battle. I use to
think our warriors hearts would bring us together.

It was a silly dream. Silly that I could even dream,
really.
 What part to dreams ever have in the heart of a
warrior, of a pirate?
 It is ironic, after I wished so long for love that
now that I do know
love I can never put my heart back into the hard outer
shell I always use to hide it under...I can't
forget your warm brown eyes...

I hope you've your happily ever after Tenchi...

The salty taste of tears, warm tears, flowing down to
mix with the rose
red crimson of my own blood..

I can see only dimly now the millions of silver
pinpoints of the universe,
 trailing markers leading off to nowhere..

Before the stars seemed to go on forever.. with you
near..before...