As before, I own only two (three in the next one) of these characters - Kami
and Akita.  Dont rip them off, dont rip me off.

Washu's Li'l Girl - Kami, Not You Too?!?

(Kami discovers she's head over heels in love with Tenchi.)

Ryoko-Narrating (again)

Well, Kami and Akita have been here for about two weeks.  I have adjusted to
Kami's poor cleanliness habits.  Akita is not so bad (she was a royal
cleaner!).  Akita seems to like Sasami a lot.  They hang out together
constantly. Kami stays by Washu's side 24/7.  You cannot pry her away!  Big
mama's baby.  And the weird thing is, her tail is attached to her, unlike
mine.  Mine is part of an outfit.  She can fly faster than me and turn into
a pink and purple Siamese cat.  So?  Big deal, I am still more attractive to
Tenchi.  Or am I?!?!?!

(Ryoko walks into Washu's lab to see what they are up to.)

Washu is not in there, only Kami.  She is spying into...TENCHI'S APARTMENT!!
 What is she doing?

Kami - (Giggles) He is really hot!  I can't wait to see him again!

Oh boy.  We've lost another to the irresistible Tenchi...But he wouldnt like
a 14 year old!  He's like, 17!  Oh wait, that is an okay age difference...OH
NO!!!! I HAVE COMPETITION!!!

Ryoko - Hey, little brat, get outta here before I kick you into next week!

Kami - Im looking at TENCHI!!!!

She then turns into the cat and fluffs up.  Oh crap shes chasing me!  Ah,
I'll just blast her!

(Kami has a force shield on.)

Crap!  Well, what am I gonna do now? I guess I could - OW!  She cat-slapped
me!  Well, she is turning into her human form again.

Kami - That's what you get!

She ran out the lab.  I chased her invisibly, and she ended up going through
the dimensional tunnel.  Tenchi and her were fully caught up on each others
pasts and talked regularly.  She raced into his apartment.

Tenchi - What's wrong?

Kami - Ryoko tried to kill me!

Tenchi - Again...

Kami - Yes, she tried to hurt me!

Tenchi walks over to her and hugs her.  She emits a gleaming smile as they
embrace.

Kami - Can't I stay with you in Tokyo, away from her?

Tenchi - No, you can't do that.  I'm going to school during the day, and
then we would run out of food.  I'm sorry, it wont work out.

Ahaha. You don't get him.  I will.  I will get him, not you bratty stupid
sister!  Oh, she started crying again.  Big baby.

Tenchi - Please don't cry.  Please!  I will come visit you then to see how
you are doing.  Will that work?

Kami - (SNIFF) I guess...

Tenchi patted her back and led her to the tunnel.

Tenchi - Okay?  I'll come visit you.

Kami is all chipper and dandy now.

Kami - OKAY!!!!

She flies down the tunnel, and I follow.  By then Washu is paranoid.

Washu - Oh no, where could she be??? Oh no!  (cries) MY BAAABBBYYY!

I zoom past Kami and find Washu in the other room.  I have no other choice
but to slap her. Kami found us, she teleportated in here.

Kami - I THOUGHT I TOLD YOU TO LEAVE ME ALONE!  AND THAT MEANS LEAVE MOMMY
ALONE!

Oh, sure, sure. Like she would--

(Ryoko gets zapped by Kami's electrorays.)

Ryoko - BRAT!

Kami - Well, that's what you get!

Later that evening, Kami went to play with Akita and Sasami.  They were both
playing with eachother's hair. Sasami brought  up the subject of Tenchi.

Sasami - Yeah, all the older girls like Tenchi.

Kami - Um, I like him too!

Akita - WHAT?!?! You like him?  Why?

Kami - I don't know, there's just that special thing about him, you know?

I can't stand girly talk so I leave. Oh, I hope Tenchi doesn't like Kami!!
I have to have him! What am I gonna do with that Kami-Cat???? Oh, wait, I've
got a great idea...

Tune in for the next chapter "Kami's Capture".  With a new character,
Nytaki!

Please, people, tell me what you think!!!  moony4113@yahoo.com

=^..^=