Tenchi Muyo and all the characters within except for Adam 
are owned by Masaki something, AIC, and Pioneer. Who, by way 
do a great job at dubbing anime. ^_^;;;; (Do I have anything 
brown on my nose?) 

Anyway this fic might be ok, I don't know. So send me e-mail 
telling me what you think at tench_sama@bishoujosenshi.com 
my AOL instant messager name is Vegeta9308 if you wanna 
talk. Here we go! Send comments or whatever to                 
tench_sama@bishoujosenshi.com Thanks!

____________________________________________________________


Washu's New Lab Assistant
By. TenchSama


The day started off just like any other in Washu's 
demensional space laboratory, it was bright, kinda quiet, 
and serene with all the nature stuff growing all over the 
place. As Washu typed away on her holographic keyboard she 
pondered,
<I need a new test subject for some new experiments that I 
need to run, but for some reason Tenchi won't cooperate... 
^_^ I wondert why?> So as quickly as the little genius 
thought this she wrote up a quick little ad for the 
newspaper sending it world wide, and it read, 
	"Greatest scientic genius in the universe looking for a 
new lab assistant / test subject for experiments, good pay. 
Write to Washu Hakubi (Is that right??? Tell me if I'm 
wrong. K) at - - - - - - - - Okayama, Japan. If your the 
lucky one I'll send for you. Signed, Washu Hakubi" 
Right after it was written the little scientist made the ad 
multiply into billions of copies and stuck them all into a 
machine that sent them flying billions of grocery stores, 
newspapers, magazines, and in the internet. Right at that 
moment a young man living in America, and about the same age 
as Tenchi was looking in a newspaper through the want ads 
for a good paying job. Why because his stupid parents never 
stopped bugging him about it. >_< Anyway. The young man was 
sixteen years old with shaggy short brownish blond hair with 
hazel colored eyes. He stood at the height of about five ten 
or five nine, and wore a pair of his favorite black leather 
boots and blue jeans with a t-shirt with Japanese symbols on 
the front saying something like "warrior" or "bravery" 
things like that.
	"Well then what do we have here?" the young man said as 
he found Washu's ad in the paper.
	"Greatest scientic genius in the universe looking for a 
new lab assistant / test subject for experiments, good pay. 
Write to Washu Hakubi at - - - - - - - - Okayama, Japan. If 
your the lucky one I'll send for you. Signed, Washu Hakubi" 
he read it aloud quietly.
	"Hmm sound good. Good pay sounds more like great to me, 
but it's in Japan I wonder if I got the job, how I would get 
there?" he thought to himself.
	"Well what do I got to lose?" as he said this he wrote 
to the little scientist asking for a job as her new lab 
assistant.
	A month had passed and the young man had wondered if 
that greatest scienific genius in the universe had gotten 
his resume. Just then a shiny silver object about the size 
of a baseball flew in through his window.
	"Holy shit, what the hell is that?" the young man 
yelled as he jumped up in shock. As he finished yelling a 
beam shot out of the orb and spun to make what looked like a 
mirror or just a flat surface in mid air. Then a woman with 
pink hair popped on the screen.
	"Hiya, you must be Adam. Am I right?" the woman said to 
the young man.
	"Uh yeah, but who the heck are you?" Adam asked puzzled 
and shocked all at the same time.
	"Ha, ha, ha I'm Washu silly. Remeber you wrote me a 
very nice resume asking to be my new lab assistant / test 
subject about a month ago. Sorry I didn't respond sooner but 
I had billions of other crappy resumes I had to revue until 
I found yours." she said.
	"Oh, so what's with the little ball thing?" he asked.
	"Well I'm glad you asked, hold on a sec... ok just grab 
onto the back of the ball, and we'll talk later. Buh Bye!" 
the little scientist then vanished from the screen.
	"Oh one more thing. Can you call me Little Washu from 
now on. I am little you know!" she said then vanished again. 
Adam grabbed the back of the orb and suddenly disapeared 
then reapeared in a calm, peaceful, and quite large room. He 
was amazed at what he saw, and looking quite dumb as Washu 
approached him.
	"So you like this place huh? You get to stay here if 
you take the job. You also get living quarters with the rest 
of my family. That's just beyond that door there. You get 
free food hope you can eat with chopsticks, and breaks 
often, because it will be tirying. Especially the test 
subject part. Mwa HA HA HA. Anyway what do you say?" the 
little scientist asked with a cute little smile on her face.
	"Wow, free living quarters, free food and yes I know 
how to eat with chopsticks, and lots of breaks. You know 
what I have to say, I have to say yes!" he said as he put 
his hand out to shake the scientist's hand.
	"Alright, you begin tommorow. Right now lets go 
introduce you to the family." she said as she took his hand, 
and led him out the door. As Washu opened the door the she 
saw the whole family sitting at the dinner table
	"Hey Washu I've been calling you for dinner for about 
five minutes now. What were you doing in there today that 
was so important that you had to be late to my dinner? Oh? 
Who's your new friend?" said Sasami as she ran up to Washu 
and the new face. The family looked up to see Adam standing 
behind Washu with blushing face and one hand behind his 
head.
	"Ha, ha, ha!" Adam laughed nervously "Sorry if I've 
come here to soon I didn't get to warn anybody of my for 
coming. Ha, ha!" he said as he stood behind Washu.
	"Everybody, this is my new lab assistant / test subject 
Adam. I hope it's not any trouble if he stay's here with us 
while I do my experiments." she said with a smile.
	"No its no problem, another face is just what we need 
to brighten our days. Eh, Tenchi?" Noboyuki asked his son. 
	"Go introduce yourself Tenchi!" said Katsuhito.
Tenchi got up from the table and walked over to Adam, and 
began to bow,
	"Hello, my name's Tenchi Masaki. How are you Adam?" 
Tenchi said with great ease as he bowed.
	"I'm doin pretty good. How are you doing Tenchi?" Adam 
asked as he tried to bow as elegantly as Tenchi. Just then 
Adam saw a blur and then another blur which was then replced 
with a beautiful felinish golden eyed girl next to Tenchi 
wrapping her arms around his neck.	"Tenchi come back to the 
table, and sit down next to me!" the girl said
	"Ryoko, I'm trying to introduce myself to our new house 
guest!" Tenchi yelled.
	"GET OFF OF HIM THIS INSTANT YOU MONSTER WOMAN!" 
another beautiful young woman said as she walked up to 
Tenchi, Ryoko, Washu, Sasami, and I.
	"Hello Adam, My name is Ayeka I'm honored to make your 
aquantence." Ayeka said once finished yelling at Ryoko.
	"Um, the plessure's all mine?" Adam said with a bow. 
Then two more ladies walked up followed by an older looking 
man.
	"Hi My names Kiyone and this is my partner Mihoshi." 
said Kiyone while Mihoshi ate some pickles.
	"MIHOSHI QUITE EATING, AND INTRODUCE YOURSELF!" Kiyone 
yelled at her partner.
	"Sorry Kiyone, but I'm sooo hungry." Mihoshi said while 
still munching on the pickles.
	"That's ok enjoy your pickles there Miss Mihoshi." Adam 
said while rubbing the back of his head, and blushing again.
	"Hi there, My name's Mr. Masaki, but you can call me 
Noboyuki. I'm Tenchi's Father. Over there is Tenchi's 
Grandfather Lord Katsuhito. You can call him Grandpa as well 
evrybody else does." Tenchi's father said to Adam.
	"Sorry I didn't introduce myself earlier, My name's 
Sasami." the little girl with blue hair and pink eyes said.
	"Hi aren't you a cute little girl. Sasami was it?" Adam 
said while rubbing her head. Sasami laughed as he did this.
Once the introductions were over everybody sat down at the 
dinner table. Every one sitting next to who they wanted.  
From left to right from Adam's seat was, Adam on the corner 
of the table next to Katsuhito, then was Sasami sitting 
across from Adam, next to Sasami was Ayeka, followed by 
Tenchi, then Ryoko, then on the other end of the table 
opposite of Katsuhito was Noboyuki, then across from Ryoko 
was Mihoshi, followed by Kiyone, and then Washu sat next to 
Adam.
	"So Adam where in Japan are you from?" Katsuhito asked 
Adam. Adam then burped.
	"Oh scuse me I'm not from Japan, I live in America. 
Washu teleported me with something here a few minutes ago, 
and I'm loving it already." Adam replied while eating a bowl 
of pork fried rice with some silver noodles on the side.
	"WOW, did little ole Sasami cook all this great food? 
It's sooo good." Adam said as he ate faster "I was starved!" 
	"Yes I did, thank you Adam." Sasami said as she 
blushed.
	"It should be good. If Sasami cooked it." Ryoko piped 
up from her bowl of the same food as Adam.
	"Yeah Sasami cooks all our meals Adam." Tenchi added.
	"Is that so? Well I think you're a great cook Sasami." 
Adam said.
Sasami just blushed again.
	After the meal was over everybody gathered in the 
living room to chat with there newest arrival in the Masaki 
household.
	"So what grade are you in at school in America Adam?" 
Kiyone asked.
	"Well I'm a junior in high school now. Hey Tenchi what 
grade are you in?" Adam asked Tenchi.
	"Well, I'm gonna be a junior myself next year." Tenchi 
said as Ryoko hung around his neck.
	"That's cool. There's something else I want to know 
Tenchi, but I'll ask you later." Adam said as he watched 
Ryoko and Ayeka start to argue over Tenchi.
	"Well then who's up for a bath?" Katsuhito asked.
	"YEAH!" everyone shouted, including Adam since he's 
seen, and learned about Japanese customs.
	"Ok, this should be interesting I've been wanting to go 
to an onsen." Adam said as he walked with Washu.
	"Oh I think you'll like it. They don't have things like 
it in America do they Adam?" Washu asked
	"No and I think its because nobody is really too 
comfortable about nudity there so we don't have things like 
it. Oh well now that I'm here I'll finally get to use one. 
This'll be cool." Adam replied. Washu smiled at him. 
	"You know something Miss Washu? You have a very nice 
smile, and I'm glad to see that you wear one often." Adam 
said to Washu. Washu snikered and blushed at his comment, 
and it made Adam smile aswell.
	"You have a rather handsome smile yourself Adam." Washu 
replied.
	"Thank you." Adam said as they just arrived to the 
onsen behind the others.
	"Ok Adam since your new to the house here is all the 
onsen rules. There are none. Just that the ladies go to the 
right and the men go to the left." Katsuhito said to Adam 
before everyone headed in the direction they were supposed 
to go. He waved to the ladies as they walked off.
	"Bye, bye you guys see you all in a little while!" he 
yelled to them.
	"BYE!" the ladies yelled back.
	"Bye Tenchi. Maybe I'll come and get you and Adam, and 
bring you both over here to visit. Hee hee!" Ryoko yelled to 
Tenchi and Adam as she walked behind the group next to 
Washu. Tenchi just blushed, and as did Adam.
	"Hey Tenchi. That wouldn't actually be that bad now 
would it. Just kidding." Adam said with a smile while 
rubbing the back of his head in embarassment.
	"What are you nuts? Do you have any idea what happens 
whenever I get pulled over there by her? Wars happen that's 
what!" Tenchi yelled. 
	"Sorry I was only kidding you know, but still if she's 
done it before I bet you she'll do it again. Now I'll ask my 
question when we get in there." Adam added. As they entered 
there side of the onsen, and got settled in the water with 
there towels on.
	"Ok Tenchi here's my question. You know how those 
beautiful girls are always hanging on you and fighting over 
you? Do you date either one of them?" Adam asked Tenchi.
	"No I'm not, and I don't want you trying anything." 
Tenchi repllied angrilly.
	"No, no not at all, but you know it's better not to 
keep them wondering, and all that. Them probobly always 
wondering if you like the one or the other. You know? 
Because that isn't fair to either of them. I guess you just 
don't know how lucky you are. Take me for exsample, one of 
the reasons I didn't care that this job was in Japan was 
because I don't have anybody to love at home so I figured I 
didn't have anything else there to stay for. And now that 
I'm here I could care less about going back. I don't have 
anyone and you have two beautiful women who would proboly 
die for you. I think you should make the decision while I'm 
here. Otherwise you'll probobly never choose." Adam said as 
tears welled up in his eyes.
	"Damn it, why am I crying? I'm such a wuss!" he said as 
he wipped away his tears.
	"You know what Adam? I've never really thought of it 
that way. Your right I will tell one of the girls, and you 
wanna know who it is? Ever since I was little I could feel 
presences in that cave. Even though I wasn't able to see her 
try to hold me and touch my face when my mother died I could 
sense that she was there. I love Ryoko Adam, and I will tell 
her later tonight when I get a chance. I may need your help 
though. I'll need you to distract Ayeka for me while I tell 
Ryoko how I've always felt. I'll take her to the end of the 
dock, and tell her." Tenchi said to Adam as he thought of a 
good way for Adam to keep Ayeka busy.
	"Ok what do you want me to do then Tenchi? I'll do 
anything for this to happen for you." Adam said with great 
confidence.
	"Ok here's what you'll do!" Tenchi whispered in Adam's 
ear. Just then Ryoko phased through some rocks and appeared 
in front of Tenchi, and Adam. Tenchi still whispering in his 
ear with his back turned to Ryoko not noticing she was 
there. Ryoko was naked and the sight of this made Adam's 
nose begin to bleed, and his eyes grew very large.
	"EEP! Tenchi, turn around!" Adam said quickly. Tenchi 
turned, and looked but surprisingly his nose did not begin 
to bleed.
	"Oh hi Ryoko have you come to get Adam, and I to take 
us over there?" Tenchi asked blushing with a smile. Adam's 
nose just continued to bleed.
	"You betch ya Tenchi. Come on you two." Ryoko said as 
she grabbed both of there arms.  After the bath, and after 
the small war that broke out between the two ladies Adam 
walked back to the house bye himself thinking about Tenchi's 
idea on keeping Ayeka busy. It wouldn't be easy seeing as 
Adam was always shy around women. Tenchi's plan was for Adam 
to ask Ayeka all sorts of questions that he could think of 
while Tenchi took his time to tell Ryoko how he felt.
	"Hmm what kind of questions should I ask her. I got 
it!" Adam ran back to the house as fast as he could. When he 
made it there he saw Tenchi sitting on the couch.
	"Ahh Adam there you are. Ok I'm going to go get Ryoko 
as soon as you go take Ayeka some place, her room is up the 
stairs its the first door to the right. You know what to 
do." Tenchi said as he waited for him walk up the stairs
	"Ok here I go Tench, this is gonna be the hardest thing 
in the whole world for me to do you know." Adam said as he 
walked up the stairs. When he got to Ayeka's room he stood 
in front of her door, and was about to knock then he 
hesitated.
	"Oh man I'm so nervouse I think I'm gonna pass out. Umm 
here goes." Adam knocked on Ayeka's door and waited for a 
response.
	"Who is it?" Sasami said
	"It's Me, Adam. Is Ayeka here?" Adam replied with a 
shaky voice.
	"Yes, do you wanna talk to her?" Sasami asked.
	"Yes I would like to talk to her Sasami could you get 
her please?" Adam asked hoping to get a good response.
	"Sure, hold on a sec. Ayeka Adam wants to talk to you!" 
Sasami shouted.
	"Ok tell him I'll be right there." Ayeka replied to 
Sasami in a happy voice. The door slid open and Adam looked 
down to see Ayeka looking into his eyes.
	"Umm, Hi Miss Ayeka would you like to go for a walk 
with me?" Adam asked hoping she would say yes.
	"All right Adam. Sasami I'll be back in a little while. 
Good bye." Ayek said, and then fallowed Adam down the 
stairs, and towards the kitchen. Tenchi saw the two, and 
began to make his move. Tenchi ran up the stairs with 
lightning quick speed, and towards Ryoko's room. He slowed 
down when he got to her door. Then he knocked.
	"Ryoko it's me Tenchi you wanna go for a walk to the 
end of the dock?" he whispered.
	"Of course Tenchi I would love to go to the dock with 
you. Give me a sec." Ryoko then phased through the door and 
around Tenchi's neck like she always did. Only this time 
Tenchi did not push her off of him.
	"Can you teleport us there Ryoko?" Tenchi asked because 
he didn't want to risk Ayeka seeing them.
	"Ok!" Ryoko replied. Then they disapeared, and 
reapeared at the end of the dock. Meanwhile in the kitchen 
Adam was talking with Ayeka.
	"So Miss Ayeka what part of Japan are you from?" 
	"Well I'm not really from Japan or even Earth. I'm from 
a large planet called Jurai. It's a very beautiful planet 
with many tree's, and wildlife and such. I'm sure many 
humans would appriciate it." Ayeka said as she stared at the 
cieling.
	"You have very beautiful eyes Miss Ayeka." Adam said 
then suddenly slapped a hand over his mouth.
	<"Eep, did I just say that out loud? I'm such a fool!"> 
Adam thought to himself as he watched Ayeka turn red and 
smile slightly.
	"Thank you Adam, but I'm loyal to Tenchi, and Tenchi 
alone, but thank you for the compliment." Ayeka said then 
got up, and left the room to go to bed. As she walked up the 
stairs she stopped blushed again, and ran the rest of the 
way up the stairs. 

Meanwhile outside at the dock...

	Tenchi lead Ryoko to the end of the dock, and sat down.
"Ryoko there's something i've been meaning to tell you for 
quite some time now, bubt I just couldn't think of a way to 
do it. When we all took our bath's Adam, and I spoke. He 
told me that the predicament that I was in was a very lucky 
one except for the risk of the other person being hurt. He 
also said that I should make up my mind, and I have made up 
my mind because I don't want to be alone any more just like 
you. Ryoko I love you." 
	Tenchi stopped after he said this, and once he finished 
Ryoko's eyes became glassy, and she began to cry. Tenchi sat 
there and held her as he began to cry aswell.
	"Oh Tenchi You don't know how long I've waited for you 
to say that. I've loved you ever since I saw you outside the 
cave, and I tried to comfort you when you Mother died." 
Ryoko stayed in Tenchi's arms that way, and the two just 
cried tears of joy. They stayed on the dock holding each 
other. Then Tenchi spoke up,
	"Ryoko I think we should go in now. It's getting late 
and I don't think Adam can distract Ayeka for much longer." 
Tenchi, and Ryoko began to laugh. The two stood up, and 
walked back to the house. When they got inside Adam was 
sitting on the couch.
	"Oh hey you two hows it goin? I tried to distract Ayeka 
as long as I could." Adam said in a whisper.
	"I think I'll leave you two alone, and go see if Washu 
needs me for anything. Good night you two." As Adam walked 
off Tenchi stopped him.
	"Thank you Adam for everything you've done." Tenchi 
said as Adam got to the door. Adam simply turned and nodded.
	"No prob, I just don't want anybody to be unhappy. 
Thats all. Good night." Adam turned back to the door, and 
walked in.
	Washu was sitting at her holo computer when Adam 
approached her.
	"So Washu do you need me for anything tonight? It being 
my first day on the job. Heh, heh, heh!" Adam asked.
	"No Adam you've done enough good for one night. You've 
made my daughter so happy. She told me so through our mind 
link. She would like to thank you herslef when she see's you 
next time. Thank you Adam." Washu said as her eyes filled 
with tears. Washu walked towards Adam with her arms reaching 
out to him.
	"Thank you Adam." Washu hugged her new lab assistant 
knowing she had made the best possible choice for a new one.
	"It was my pleasure Little Washu." Adam said as he 
hugged the small red haired scientist.

End of chapter 1.


____________________________________________________________


I know its probobly pretty stupid and I probobly won't write 
a chapter two, but if you people all liked it maybe I will. 
^_^ Remember you can reach me at 
tench_sama@bishoujosenshi.com or AOL Instant message me at 
Vegeta9308.
