Disclaimer:  All character, except Wa-Oka, are property of the makers of Tenchi 
Muyo (the greatest anime series that I've seen thus far that has been dubbed to 
excellent degree.)  I make no money from these stories and only do this for the 
fun of writing and the love of Anime.  Thank you and Enjoy

Author's note:  This part of the series may seem boring, but hey, it has a point 
later on in the series.

A Week had passed since Wa-Oka crashed landed on earth and already she was 
making herself at home.  Tenchi managed to clean out another storage space which 
Washu used to convert it into a door to a pseudo space lab.  She only gave Wa-
Oka the basics of a beginning lab so it was up to her to build upon the lab 
accordingly.  That proved to be an easy task for her since she already she had 
labs built on various planets.   Washu held her head up proud and didn't even 
bother questioning too much into Wa-Oka's affairs for the time being. She was 
patient, and patience would prove to be a virtue if she wanted to get to know 
and understand her long lost daughter.   Still it would be a task, but nothing 
was too hard for the number one genius in the universe.

The day was near its conclusion when Wa-Oka was still in the hangar facility of 
her lab.  She had been working to salvage parts of her broken ship.  Most of the 
ship was disintegrated, but at least the reactor and piloting system were still 
intact.  Everything else was just mere wiring and hull repair, nothing too hard 
for an engineer.  Looking at her diagnostic chart, she began to look at the 
amount of progress that was made in the past few weeks.  "Good"  she said 
looking at the readout, "80% of ship completed along with the reactor room. All 
that's left is making minor adjustments and recalibrating the piloting 
system...*sigh* that part is going to take a while."  Going back to her laptop, 
she proceeded to start recalibrating the crystalline interface slides for each 
part of the system. Each slides had to be specifically calibrated to meet her 
piloting expectations, which was a large task considering that the system used 
at least 50,000 slides to execute certain piloting mo!
vements.  Still she had to work on, hoping to get the system just right, if not 
improved upon the alpha version.

Soon a small knock was heard at the door.  Her laptop emitted a small beep to 
alert her.  "Yes what is it?"  she said, tapping upon the intercom button.  
"Miss Wa-Oka" a gentle voice answered back, "Dinner is ready."

"Okay Sasami I'll be there soon as possible."  She dropped everything that had 
occupied her time and immediately went to the washroom.  She couldn't go to 
dinner looking a mess.  She took a quick shower and emerged from her lab.  
Rushing to the dinner table she was met with the usual comments.  "Well, Wa-Oka 
late again." Ryoko chimed, "well, if it's any consolation, you actually beat 
Washu to the table."
"Ryoko can you please be polite. Your sister has been working hard to get her 
ship back operational" Ayeka responded back.
"Who asked you anyways, princess...as far as I'm concerned, this conversation 
never involved nor invited you in it, hehe"
"Why You...Such Arrogance will not be tolerated!"
"What are you going to do?  Punish me?"
"WHY YOU...!
"Okay okay"  Wa-Oka interrupted, "Try to be civil at least while we eat.  Geez, 
If I didn't know better, I'd say your sister is more mature than you are, Ayeka"
"What?  How dare you?"  Ayeka said in shock.  Wa-Oka smirked at her then turned 
her attention to Ryoko who was on the brink of bursting with laughter.  "Oh, I 
haven't forgot about you, Ryoko" Wa-Oka said, "You of all people should know 
that...hehe" Ryoko looked to Wa-Oka wondering what she was thinking.  She looked 
down in front of her and found that her meal, which wasn't even touched yet, was 
missing.  "HEY!"  She yelled looking back to Wa-Oka, "that's my meal, gi-"
"WAS your meal...it's mine now."  Ryoko soon found that instead of being at the 
dinner table, she was on the rafters.  "HEY!  WHY I OUTTA!!"  she said, 
teleporting to where her sister now sat, which used to be her seat, and eating 
what used to be her food.  She powered up her energy sword, getting ready to 
deal a blow to Wa-Oka when Washu suddenly appeared at the meal table.  

"RYOKO!"  Washu chastised.  
"But...but..."
"No buts.  Stop harassing your sister."
Ryoko sat at one of the vacant seats across from Wa-Oka.  She snarled at her 
cause now she had to sit next to Washu and Wa-Oka would be closest to Tenchi.  
Ayeka giggled and eyed Ryoko.  Now there was someone other than herself to give 
Ryoko a hard time...and to think that Wa-Oka was just as arrogant as Ryoko made 
the whole situation worthwhile.  There were those occasions, however, when Wa-
Oka and Ryoko would tag team in harassing Ayeka, but this time, it was Ryoko who 
was being harassed.  As the dinner proceeded, the room was filled with laughter, 
arguments and conversations.  At least the arguments were kept to a minimum with 
Washu around to help keep the order.

"So, Miss Wa-Oka" Tenchi said, "How are repairs going with your ship?"
"Well, so far, I have about 80% of the ship finished, but the hard part is the 
piloting system which uses crystalline slide to aid the pilot whenever they use 
certain influx drivers to get better propulsion from certain astronomical 
anomalies and to better maneuver in a zero gravity environment.  I have at least  
50,000 slides to recalibrate to its original parameters then 'tweak' the system 
for better modifications."

"Uh, hehe, okay" Tenchi said, still wondering what she said. Sasami tugged on 
him and whispered something in his ear.  "Oh, okay I get it now."  He said, 
finally realizing what she said.  "Well" Washu spoke up, "that's not too hard to 
do.  It's nothing the number one scientific genius couldn't help with.. I'm sure 
I could get the system back up and running, hehe"  
 
Wa-Oka gave Washu an odd look of protest.  "Washu...uhm...chan...no please 
don't, I can't afford for error."

"Call me MOM...AND ARE YOU UNDERMINING THE NUMBER ONE SCIENTIFIC GENIUS IN THE 
UNIVERSE, YOUNG LADY!?!?!?"

Wa-Oka swallowed hard.  "Uhm...hehe *anime sweat* no I'm not...it's just that-"
"Well then it's settled.  I'm going to help you with your ship...Is that 
understood?"
"Yes...Washu-chan"
"Call me mom."
"yes....mom..."
Ryoko could barely keep herself from bursting with laughter.  She snickered as 
she observed the whole situation unfold before her.  Washu cut her eyes at 
Ryoko, which soon shut her snickers up. Wa-Oka looked to Ryoko and Ryoko to Wa-
Oka
<<Is she usually like this?>> Wa-Oka asked Ryoko telepathically
<<You should see her when she gets full blown inspiration>> Ryoko responded back
<<Man, that's scarey>> she said.  The two snickered again.  
"I heard that you two"  Washu said calmly, sipping on some hot tea.  The two 
hung their heads and sighed, knowing that it would catch up to them later.  As 
the meal soon began to disappear, Wa-Oka noticed the last piece of sushi on 
Ryoko's plate.  She debated for a few minutes on whether to take it or let her 
consume it.  Already Ryoko had eaten her weigh in full and Wa-Oka was still a 
bit famished.  With a swift movement, she took the piece of sushi and smirked. 
"Hey, that's mine!"  Ryoko said, taking her chopsticks to retrieve her morsel.  
"It was yours. Keyword:  was" Wa-Oka said, eating it as well.  "That's it, no 
one eats my sushi and gets away with it!"  Ryoko teleported behind where Wa-Oka 
used to sit.  Wa-Oka, however, stood at the door of the Masaki house .  "Heh, if 
you wanna get me, just try and catch me." She said, changing into a 13 year old 
and running out the door.

"GRRR, I'M GONNA GIVE YOU A BEATING YOU'LL NEVER FORGET!!"

The two disappeared through the door, followed by a crash and Ryoko yelling.  
"*sigh* there they go again....will it ever end?"  Tenchi said, shaking his 
head. "Well, at least they're starting to act more like siblings now...hopefully 
they'll tired each other out and we won't have to worry about them arguing in 
the middle of the night."

"Wow" Sasami said, looking at the window for a few moments, "To think that Ryoko 
has a sister."

"Yeah, I'll say.  It's just odd to see Ryoko with a sister." Tenchi said.  Ayeka 
sipped on the hot tea in silence.  Tenchi looked to her, concerned about her. 
"Miss Ayeka, what's wrong?"

"Oh, nothing, Lord Tenchi.  It's just that...I don't know.  It's something about 
Wa-Oka that isn't just right."

"Well, Ayeka" Washu said, taking another sip of tea, "it is different when you 
have someone new enter the household.  Remember when Kiyonne first came?  It was 
different and some of us had odd feelings about her, but still we have it give 
her time to open up to us."

"Yes, Miss Ayeka.  And besides, she's not such a bad person."

"I guess, Lord Tenchi.  I guess" she said.  Still there was something about Wa-
Oka that troubled her, but she couldn't concentrate on that now, it was time to 
clean up the dinner table.  After a few hours of running and yelling, Ryoko and 
Wa-Oka finally exhausted each other.  Ryoko was barely able to able to float up 
to the rafters and sleep.  Wa-Oka, barely got to her lab, where she soon crashed 
in her room, located in one of the pseudo spaceports.  She didn't even give a 
notice to her space ship, which somehow grew red hair.    Ryoko and Wa-Oka slept 
into the middle of the next day.  Ryoko, as usual, floated down from the rafters 
upon hearing Tenchi come in for lunch.  "Hi Tenchi" she said, hanging onto him, 
"are you a bit famished?" 

"Uh err ah, h-h-hi Ryoko.  Can you let me g-g-go" He said, hoping that a certain 
purple haired princess wouldn't come down and starts arguing.  His hopes soon 
faded as he heard a "GET YOUR HANDS OFF MY LORD TENCHI!"

"Oh great, here we go again"  he said hanging his head, letting the argument run 
it's course.  Before the two could even start, a blood-curdling scream emitted 
from Wa-Oka's lab.    A few second there after, the lab door slammed open.  Wa-
Oka looked distressed as she jumped down the starts and began pounding on 
Washu's door.  "Washu!!!" she screamed, "WHERE'S MY SHIP!?!?!" 

Ayeka, Ryoko and Tenchi eyed Wa-Oka strangely as she kept pounding on the door.  
Finally she stopped, sensing that the pounding was senseless and went over to 
the couch.  Since Mihoshi and Kiyonne were at their apartment, it usually 
remained vacant.  Finally the door sprung open and Washu emerged from the lab 
with something in her hand.  "Washu What Happened to my SHIP!?!?"  Wa-Oka said, 
springing from the couch.  She merely chuckled at the look upon Wa-Oka's face as 
she raved on about her ship.  Holding one finger, Washu managed to silence Wa-
Oka.  

"Dear, daughter, so foolish of you to rave on in such a manner.  You'll cut off 
a thousand years of you life with all that stress.  Now, your ship is fine.  I 
just merely completed what which you started. I must admit, the piloting system 
was sophisticated, even for our time.  But, never the less, I did complete the 
repairs, so now you won't have to spend hours on in tying to repair you ship."

Wa-Oka looked to her in disbelief.  She repaired the ship without her permission 
and she didn't even know the reason as to why she wanted to calibrate the slides 
by hand.  Washu continued with her analysis.  "And I also added a few minor 
changes to the system, so it's working even more efficient than if you had 
recalibrated everything by hand.  Don't worry, your ship is in perfect 
condition.  Aren't I the greatest scientist in the universe?"  Wa-Oka closed her 
eyes to let all the news absorb in.  Her fists shook with anger as Washu 
continued to explain the modifications.  

"Oh and here" Washu said, getting Wa-Oka's attention, "here's your ship." From 
her arms, she handed Wa-Oka a small black cabbit with a green gem upon it's 
forehead and white paws.  "What?  What's this?  I don't want Ryo-Ohki! I WANT my 
SHIP!"

"Silly girl, this IS your ship.  I simply made the ship into a cabbit unit so 
that you wouldn't have to use that space in the lab for a hangar."

"HOW COULD YOU!?!"

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I wanted to work on the repair because the system was designed for my 
parameters!  That's why I wanted to do the repairs myself because the whole ship 
is designed in such a way that only I, or someone that I feel is capable of 
handling the piloting system, could fly it!!  *sigh* Just forget it, I'm going 
back to bed."  Dropping the cabbit down to the floor, she walked up the stair 
and went into her lab space.  Washu's heart felt shattered at hearing the words. 
"Sorry, Little Washu that she took it that way."  Tenchi said, placing his hand 
on her shoulder, "I'm sure you had good intentions."

"Yeah...I know..." she said sadly.  Ryoko felt some sympathy toward Washu, but 
still it was just a feeling.  "Well, why not just talk to her.  I mean, you 
usually force me to talk, it isn't fair if she gets off easy and I have to take 
the heat"  Ryoko said.  Washu smirked at Ryoko, knowing her intentions, even if 
everyone one around felt differently.  "Ryoko sometimes you can be so 
insensitive"  Ayeka said.  

"Yeah, princess...no one was talking to you"

"Why you...!"
"Yes, it's me, Ryoko.  The one destined to marry Tenchi."
"Who said anything about him being YOUR Tenchi?!"

Washu left the two to have it out over Tenchi's body, if it was alive when those 
two finished.  Walking through the door with the new cabbit in her hands, she 
spotted Wa-Oka typing furiously away at her holo-computer.  "Wa-Oka?"  Washu 
said, walking closer to her, "can we talk?"  Wa-Oka continued to type furiously.  
"I'm rather quite busy, maybe later" she said ever to iridescently. 
"Look...I'm...s-s...I apologize for completing your ship for you.  I can only 
imagine the work you put into the design." she said, sitting next to Wa-Oka. 
Taking a peek at Wa-Oka's work.  On the screen was the original layout of the 
ship and a few modifications that Wa-Oka had made in the process of restoring 
it.  "That's an interesting schematics you have.  Mind if I look further into 
the layouts?"

"Why feel free, it hasn't stopped you before."

"I just wanted to help out, that's all"

"Heh, yeah, sure.  It's only the greatest invention I've ever created 
since...since I wanted to get away from your legacy."

"My legacy?"

"Yes, you know, the unfinished equations and such that you left behind at the 
academy.  When I enrolled at the academy, I was thought of as another commoner.  
But then, when I started to surpass my classmates with little effort, one of the 
professors wanted to see my true genius, so he let me play around with an 
equation that they have been working on for the past 20,000 odd years.  To their 
amazement, I figured out the equation within a few days.  They gave me more and 
more of your equations, which I was able to solve, give a few weeks.  I was 
basically in your shadow ALL my days at the academy until I made few inventions 
of my own which surpassed your theories in the subspace field.  Still I was in 
your shadow with that ideal...then I engineered this ship.  It's the only one of 
it's kind and is just as powerful as a royal Jurain ship.  It's unique in it's 
own design and attributes...and only I know a hint of it's true abilities.  Just 
forget it."

Wa-Oka hovered over to another data console which was running test simulations 
on the original configurations of the system and the theories surrounding it's 
design.  She was still hurting inside and Washu could feel it.  She knew that 
the ship was a great pride to Wa-Oka like Ryoko was to herself.

"So you were in my shadow all this time and wanted something that you would be 
known for.   Look, Wa-Oka..."  Washu said, walking over to Wa-Oka and placing a 
hand on her shoulder, "I did it because...I did it because I didn't want you to 
strain yourself any further.  *sigh* I saw the look in your eyes when you were 
working on your ship.  I just wanted to help...and I guess my ego kinda got in 
the way."  Washu smiled warmly at Wa-Oka and cupped her chin in her hand.  
"Look, just give the ship a try and if you don't like what I've help out with, 
then feel free to do whatever you wish with it."  Wa-Oka nodded and looked at 
the cabbit, which slept in Washu's arms. "So this is my ship?"  Wa-Oka asked, 
petting it on the head, "it is cute, but how can I fly it?"  Washu's face 
gleamed.  "First you have to give it a name. Nothing's any good if you don't 
know what to name it.  By the way, it's a female, so you might consider a female 
name for her."

Wa-Oka though for a moment, then picked up the black and white cabbit from 
Washu's arms.  The cabbit was still slightly groggy from its nap, but it was 
awake enough to know that its master was holding her.  She placed a white paw 
upon Wa-Oka's nose, which in turn made her laugh.  "Hmm, a name for her...I 
know...I think I'll name her Ki-Ohki...yeah, Ki-Ohki."

"That's a great name for her.  Now, if you want to fly her, you have to use 
certain commands get it to change, though, sometime it may not work."

"That's okay...I think I'll have Ki-Ohki here with me for a while 
anyways...she's cute and I don't want to put her through the test flight just 
yet...I still need some time to recuperated.  I know enough about you to know 
that you are capable of repairing the system.  And I have to trust you at it 
anyways...you're my mom."

"Well, thank you , Wa-Oka and take all the time you need." 

"I will.  Just next time when you do this, make sure you ask me first, or at 
least tell me."  Washu smiled and hugged her.  "I will, it's just that...you 
remind me so much of myself when I was younger...I just want the best for 
you...it's a mother's instinct.  Someday you'll understand, but I will be 
mindful of your wishes...and space."  The two hugged each other as the one 
sleepy cabbit now ran about, observing the machines around.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ryoko and Ayeka stood at the door, peaking in on what was happening.  "DO you 
think Wa-Oka is still upset?"  Ayeka asked.  "I doubt it"  Ryoko responed, "I 
mean look at the say they're hugging.  I say they've made up okay."

"I don't think spying on them is a good idea," Tenchi said, keeping his distance 
from the door.  "SHHHHHH!"  The two said in unison to Tenchi.  Just as they were 
turning back to finish spying on them, the door cracked open a little more, 
triggering a booby trap which sent Ryoko and Ayeka crashing into the lake.  

"I tried to warn you"  Tenchi said, shaking his head.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"What was that?"  Wa-Oka asked, looking at the cracked door.

"Oh, nothing," Washu said, floating towards the teleport mechanism, "Just 2 wet 
fools who didn't know how to knock"

"Hmm, one of your booby trap devices?  You gotta show me how to set those up."

"Come by the lab,"  Washu said, disarming the device and walking out of the 
door, "Maybe you'll learn a thing or two, and maybe you'll teach me a think or 
two as well"  Wa-Oka smiled and picked up Ki-Ohki, "Yeah, my research can wait, 
maybe I can have a little more fun in your lab anyways."  The two walked to the 
storage space under the stairwell.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryoko and Ayeka soon made their way to the house, drenched and angry.  "When I 
get my hand on that little devil, I'm going to make her PAY!"  Ayeka said from 
her teeth.  Ryoko simple smirked and laughed to herself.  It seemed that Wa-Oka 
possessed some of Washu's traits.  <<Touch‚' sis...Touch‚'  You've harassed the 
princess and played us at out own game...maybe there's something to you yet...>>  
Ryoko though as she went to the washroom to dry herself off.  Ayeka looked at 
Ryoko somewhat astonished that she didn't go on the war path or argue back with 
her.  
