Washu's Li'l Girl multipart   (PS i dont own these characters, dont sue me
or my cat.)

 (The introduction of two new girls)

Ryoko - Narrating



Well, Washu sure has been feeling sad this week.  I don't know why, all she
says is that she misses someone.  Who?  I don't know.  I've tried to
strangle it out of her, and kick her in the shins also.  Maybe I shouldn't
do that?  Well, I'm a demon, I don't know better!



Sasami - BREAKFAST IS READY!

Ayeka (to Kiyone, walking down the hall) - Have you seen Washu?  She looks
worse than she did when Mihoshi landed on her with the GP ship!

Kiyone - I remember that (laughs)!

We all sit around the table, getting ready to eat the delicious meal Sasami
has prepared.  I started drinking sake, and Ayeka called me "A drunken
rat."  So what if I want sake in the morning?!?!Any way, Washu didn't come
to the table.  Come to think of it she didn't even eat.  After I ate, I went
to take a peek at Washu in the lab.  She seemed to have a camera, looking
through I guess Tokyo.  Why was she doing this?

 Washu - Wait a second!  Is that...Could it be...?

Could it be WHAT?

Washu - IT'S HER!!! YES!

Who?  She seemed to be looking at some pink-haired girl, about 14, a little
older than Sasami. She was with an orange-haired girl with pigtails.  They
were running down an alley with a kitten.  What was the big deal?  2 teenage
girls playing with a cat!

Washu - I've got to get her back!

Washu then burst out the door and through the dimensional tunnel.  She went
through there a lot this week but always came back moping.  I was curious,
so I followed her.  She ran to the alley, but it took about 10 minutes from
Tenchi's apartment.  They were gone!  Washu was still very determined,
though, so she went around the corner.  There they were, the same girls,
playing with a whole litter of kittens.

Washu - MY BABY!

The pink-haired girl then sprinted up and screamed.  What the heck?

Washu - Kami!  Where have you been?!?! I missed you SO!

Kami - Mommy!  Why did you leave me here?  If it wasn't for Akita, I would
have gone insane!

Im guessing Akita is the orange pigtails girl.

Akita - So you must be Kami's mother, Washu.  Where's Ryoko?

Huh?  How'd that little brat know my name?!?!

Washu - Um, she couldn't come.  Kami, please come home.

Kami - But I want to stay with Akita!

At this point Washu burst into tears.

Washu - Take Akita with you! Just please come live with me in Okaiyama!

Kami - OKAY!  C'mon. Akita, lets go!

They ran into Tenchi's apartment 10 minutes later, and he was doing his
homework.  I really wanted to talk to him but I didn't want to blow my
cover.

Kami - Who's this?

Tenchi turns around at the sound of a voice.

Tenchi - AAH! Who are you two?

Kami - I'm Kami, and this is Akita.  MOM!  Do you know this guy?

Washu appears through the door.

Washu - Hey there, Tenchi!  This is my daughter.  Well, I created her like
Ryoko, but kept a better eye on her.

Tenchi - Oh, hi there, Kami!  How old are you?

Kami - 538.  Akita's 432.

Tenchi - Yep.  You created her.  But what about Akita?

Akita - Oh, I was created by the Jurain royal family to keep things tidy,
YUK.  But I escaped and ran here to Tokyo.  I kind of snuck in the back of
Ayeka's ship and hitchhiked here.

Washu - Lets go home.  I need to tell everyone about you two.

They left through the dimensional tunnel, and I followed.  Tenchi didn't see
me, because he started on his homework again.  By the time we got back, it
was lunchtime.  Kami was complaining she was hungry.  And to think she's my
sister.  I haven't seen her do anything like me. She can't transport
matter.  Let's see her do that, little brat!  Well, Washu told the girls to
stay in the lab while I teleportated to the kitchen, where Sasami just put
out lunch.

Sasami - Eat up!

Ryo-ohki - MEOW!

Washu walked into the kitchen.

Washu - LISTEN UP!  I have lost all my sorrow, thanks to a special someone
and her friend.  She is my daughter.  Well, I created her like Ryoko.  KAMI!
AKITA!

They walk in.  Both their faces light up with shyness. Kami starts to fly up
(WHAT! She does have one of my powers...) but knew that Washu would get mad.

Kami - Um, hi?

Akita - Yeah, um, nice to meet you?

Sasami - YAY! Playmates! Hey! Which one of you is Kami?

Kami - Me, the pink haired one.  I'm Washu's created daughter.

Where'd she go?  Well, she has all my powers, because she's disappeared.
SHOW-OFF!

Sasami - Hee hee.  You're cool. Want to play with Ryo-ohki?

Kami reappears and picks up the cabbit.

Kami - Aw, you're SOOO cute!

Ryo-ohki - MEOW!

Kami - Hehehe.

Washu - I created her a few hundred years after Ryoko, during her frozen
time.  I kept a very close eye on her, so she couldnt be taken from Kagato.
But I was so scared, that after 10 years I gave her a radioactive shield and
left her in Tokyo.  I taught her all I knew and gave her all her powers plus
some that Ryoko doesn't have, like transforming into a cat.

What?!! She's no less special than ME! Waaassshhhuuu! You IDIOT!

Washu - ACHHH!

Kami - LEAVE MOMMY ALONE!

Right when I had Washu where I wanted her, choking her, Kami shot a
humongous fireball at me!  Then she shot lightning at me, followed by
scalding water! OW!

Kami - That's what you get!

Washu - Um Kami, that is your sister, Ryoko.

Akita - This may not turn out too well between them...

Stay tuned for the next part of the story, "Kami, not you too?!"

E-mail me to tell me what you think! moony4113@yahoo.com

=^..^=