Disclaimer:  All character, except Wa-Oka, are property of the makers of Tenchi 
Muyo (the greatest anime series that I've seen thus far that has been dubbed to 
excellent degree.)  I make no money from these stories and only do this for the 
fun of writing and the love of Anime.  Thank you and Enjoy

Author's notes:  Yes this my seem a bit crappy, but hey, give me a break, this 
is my first attempt at a fanfic in years.  Well, this is the first part of a 
series, so I hope you enjoy.   If this seems cheesy, I apologize, I'm new at 
this.  But hey if anyone would like to give me some help, it would truly be 
appreciated.  This story examines the thought of whatever happened to Washu's 
first child.  Did the child grow up and set out to find Washu or what?  Well, I 
thought it would make an interesting series.  Enjoy ^_^

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

It was a 'normal' say like any other at the Masaki household.  As usual, Ayeka 
and Ryoko bickered with one another, Washu was busy working in her lab on some 
new invention, Mihoshi was fast asleep on the couch while her partner was away 
on some intergalactic police conference.  Sasami was in the kitchen preparing 
dinner while Tenchi was in the field, cultivating the land as always with Ryo-
Ohki by his side.  "Ah peace and quiet" he sighed, wiping a bit of sweat from 
his brow.  This was his only solitude from the busy activities taking place in 
the house.  Between being studied, being pulled apart, not to mention having his 
privacy invaded, working the field was the ideal solitude from it all.  As he 
stool looking about the field, a falling object caught his attention.  "Hmm, 
what's that?" he though as he shielded his eyes from the blinding light of the 
impact.  The shockwave shook the surrounding area, catching the attention of 
those present in the mile radius.

"Oh no" Tenchi said, dropping his plowing tool and running towards the crash 
site.  Ryo-Ohki followed behind as fast as her legs could take her.  The others 
in the house too ran towards the source of the shockwave fearing the worse.  
Only Washu remained in the house, since her lab technically didn't feel the 
initial shockwave. Tenchi made his way to the crash site, looking though all the 
rubble.  Soon he heard the cries of Ryo-Ohki as she sat next to a small figure.  
"Hey, hey, are you okay?"  he said shaking the figure slightly. From what he 
could tell, the figure was female and still living, but not conscious.  She 
seemed to move only slightly and moan before going completely limp in his arms.  
The crash seemed terrible but not too much damage was done to her miraculously.  
She was wearing a pilot's suit with a helmet of some sort, which covered her 
entire head.  The pilot's suit was  black with red and gold designs.  Tenchi 
paid little attention to the design as he tried to!
 free the girl from the rubble which held her captive in the burning matter.  
The others soon arrived, watching Tenchi struggle to  help the girl out.  "Lord 
Tenchi what's happened?"  Ayeka said running towards him.  She was soon stopped 
by Ryoko who smirked arrogantly at her.  

"Where ya going princess?"  she said.
"Lord Tenchi Needs my help.  Out of my way you...you.. OAF!"
"Grr, an oaf am I?  Well I'll just have to see abo-"
"Stop it you two and help me out here"  Tenchi said with an urgent look upon his 
face, "She may be in need of help, so can you help me get her to the house?"  
The two nodded and began helping Tenchi as much as possible.  Mihoshi stood at 
the edge of the crater left by the impact.  "Oh dear, I hope she's okay" she 
said, biting on her nails.  They managed to get the crash victim free.  "Now 
help me get her to the house" he said, carrying her on his back.  "Great another 
house guest" Ryoko mumbled to herself, disappearing and reappearing along the 
trail.  Ayeka and Mihoshi followed close behind, not wanting to be burned by the 
raging fire.

(At the house)

"What's all the noise about?" Washu said finally emerging from her lab.  Her 
pinkish red hair trailed her as she was dressed in a white lab coat.  "How's the 
Number one scientific Genius in the Universe supposed to think with all this 
noise?"  The household seemed to pay little attention to her as they gathered 
around a new figure whom seemed to be unconscious on the couch.  "Hey I think 
she's coming around"  Sasami said holding Ryo-Ohki in her arms.  This seemed to 
catch Washu's curiosity as she joined the group.   Who was she?  Is she injured?  
Where did she come from?  These questions ran through her mind as the girl moved 
her head slightly then jumped up.  From her hand the girl produced an energy 
sword much like Ryoko's.  She alternated the swords end from person to person as 
each one jumped back.  Ryoko, too, produced a sword while Ayeka called upon her 
guards to shield her from the new stranger.  

"Now now, don't worry, we're not going to harm you.  I am little Washu." Washu 
said, stepping forward towards the girl.  She held her sword to Washu then held 
it down somewhat, still keeping a 'look' on Washu.  "Now then, just put the 
sword away, we don't want to harm you.  We just want to know who you are and if 
you're okay, that's all."  The girl held her sword still clinched in her hand 
then finally called it back to her.  She took another look around at all the 
faces, some of which seemed a bit uninviting at first.... and second...glance.  
Placing her hand upon two specific point on her helmet, pressure could be seen 
escaping it's holdings while the girl began to take the helmet.  Freeing herself 
from its confining holdings, she swung her blonde and red hair and placed the 
helmet upon the table directly in front of her.  She looked to be a bit younger 
than Ryoko in appearance, but one could never tell.  Her emerald green eyes 
scanned those present once again, making notes !
as to the possible threat of the one holding the energy sword and the one with 
the purple hair.  The blonde didn't seem to be much of a threat as she was 
dense, while the little girl was too cute to do anything to anyone.  The young 
man, however, seemed to catch her eye as she noted his handsome face and seemed 
to hold a kind of innocence about him.  She proceeded to answer Washu's query 
after examining all in the room.  "My name...is Wa-Oka..."
"Good, good, you know your name...now if you please step this way, I'll examine 
you to see if you have any serious injuries."  Washu turned to her lab door, 
with one hand behind her back. "Oh, Ryoko, Ayeka, would you please not scare 
her, she is a guest...for the moment...hehe"   Ryoko growled at Washu who 
smirked back at her.  She powered down her sword and Ayeka called off her 
guards.  "Now" Washu conitued, "If you would Miss Wa-Oka, walk this way, I can 
get the examination under way."

Wa-Oka slowly followed Washu, careful not to keep her back turned to the crowd.  
The say she figured, Washu wasn't that much of a threat as the rest could be.  
After all, she was only about 13 in appearance.  "Don't worry" Washu reassured, 
"they won't bite...for the most part."  After few prolonged minutes of 
hesitation, Washu extended her hand and dragged Wa-Oka into her laboratory.  The 
other's watched as the door disappeared.

"I hope Little Washu doesn't make her another guinea pig of hers"  Tenchi said 
scratching his head.  Ayeka and Ryoko looked at one another then to the lab.  
"She's beautiful..."  Ayeka said.
"Yeah...looks a bit like Washu"
"Do you suppose she's related?"
".....Nah...but I hope she doesn't go after MY Tenchi"
"YOUR Tenchi?!?  Who said anything about him being YOUR Tenchi?!!?!" 
"Oh no" Tenchi said, holding his head in his hand, "just when things were 
starting to get quiet."

(In the Lab)

The inside of the lab reminded Wa-Oka of something from a sci-fi film.  There 
were many vast tanks containing creatures from other worlds long thought to be 
extinct forever, and other that were so bizarre that even she didn't know what 
to classify them as.  "Interesting" Wa-Oka noted, observing every turn and 
landing she made as Washu led her deeper into the facilities, "You have a 
complete biometrics lab in such a small space?  How did you manage this?  Did 
you use a type of dimensional warper which changed the physical perspective of 
reality in a small space?"

"Hmm, interesting theory, but it's not necessarily true.  You seemed to posses a 
lot of knowledge about transdimensional Physics.  Now sit here while I examine 
you."

Wa-Oka sat upon a cold metal table.  Washu disappeared for a few moments, only 
to re-emerge in a nurse's attire.  "So, while I examine you, why not tell me a 
bit about yourself,"  She said, pressing a button which strapped Wa-Oka to the 
table, "you seem to posse knowledge about a dimensional thresholds, mind telling 
me where you studies?"

"Well, I did attend the Royal Science Academy of Jurai where I graduated with 3 
degrees...one in Physics, another in Engineering and the last in Biology with a 
minor in music.  I graduated in less than 2 years and became a head professor 
there....uhm...what's that for?"

Washu held some type of syringe in her hand, which appeared crude and unusually 
medieval.  "Don't worry, this wont hurt....much...hehehe"  Sweat began to form 
at Wa-Oka's brow as  Washu came closer to her.  "After all I need a sample to 
better analyze your current situation."  Taking the syringe and withdrawing 3 
units of blood from Wa-Oka, she  inputted the units into another computer.  The 
system started it's analysis of the sample as Washu encouraged Wa-Oka to finish 
her story.  "Ouch...that hurt a bit...uhm, I was a professor at the Academy for 
sometime, finishing some work left behind a previous professor who left the 
academy some time ago...then they dubbed me as the greatest mind to ever walk 
through the hall of the academy, only rivaled by the previous professor whom I 
chose to complete the worked of and making quite a number of other innovations 
myself.  You could say that I AM the number one genius in the Universe."

Washy cocked a pinkish brow at her as she said her latter statement.  
"Ahem...you do sound like quite the scientific mind, but I must tell you that 
you are NOT the number one genius in the Universe.  Maybe in a galaxy, but most 
certainly not in the Universe.  That department would be mine, though I think 
that the number 2 genius in the universe title is not taken."  Turning back to 
the computer, she analyzed the information that the computer had so far.  "I am 
Washu and the work that you completed at the Academy was left behind by myself.  
I didn't think half of the professors there could figure out my theories and 
equations, but it seems that I was mistaken."  Tapping on a button, the 
restraints were released and Wa-Oka sat up, looking to Washu with perplexed 
look.  "It seems like you're fine, just a few minor cuts and bruises, nothing 
too serious.  You're lucky, though, that you were not severely injured.  You 
should be-

"You're Washu?  THE Washu who left the academy over 20,000 years ago??"

"Huh?  Oh, yes that would be me, isn't it-"

"I've Finally found you!"  Wa-Oka said, walking closer to Washu.

"What?  What do you mean?"

"All my life I've searched for you...for answers to my life.  *sigh* Even while 
living in my father's house, I've always felt different.  When father finally 
let me attend the academy, it was there that I learned so much about you...you 
don't realize how much of an impact on my life you have do you?"

"I can only imagine."

"No...it's more than just work that I found there...it was more than science, it 
was more than a reputation...it was something much more than that.  It's more 
than just a simple title...it's more than just a silly degree...no it's more 
than my life could ever...EVER give me."  From her neck she removed a necklace 
with a crystal charm on it.  Washu examined it closely to find that it contained 
a picture of a baby with blonde hair, a man with blonde hair...and herself.  
Washu's eyes widened as she looked up to Wa-Oka and then back to the charm.  
"That...charm...." Washu said, looking back 20,000 years ago, to a time where 
love blossomed brightly like cherry trees and happiness was all that mattered.  

Washu remembered her only child that she bared herself for nine months.  The 
baby's smile and coos of joy were all that were needed to bring up the spirits 
of her world.  She was happy and nothing in the world make her think 
differently...until that day.  Washu was coming back from a science theology 
when servants at the house sat patiently outside.   "Sorry you can't go in." One 
of them stated.  With all her being she fought to get inside the house, looking 
for her child and loving husband.  Finally she spotted them in the backyard, 
servants talking to her husband.  He turned and smiled at her, holding the child 
in his arms.  She tried to reach out to them, but something held her back.  All 
she could do was call out to them and plead for him to not leave.  Her pleads 
here in vain as he simply gave her a smile of love once again and turned his 
back on her.  Her last sight of her only child and her husband was the baby 
smiling back at her, holding its hand out for Washu to gras!
p.  

That memory burned deep in Washu's heart as the pain began to resurface once 
again.  Could this really be...her?  Turning back to her computer, she checked 
the DNA analysis and compared it to her own.  She just had to make sure she 
wasn't imagining things again.  As she computer spit back the information sought 
by her, she turned back to Wa-Oka, trying to hold back her tears.  The DNA 
analysis matched down to the percentage of half of her own genes.  "Wa...Wa-
Oka....it's really you....IT"s YOU!"  Washu embraced Wa-Oka in her arms, no 
longer able to hold back the tears.  She held her tightly in her arms, no 
wanting to let her go ever again.  "Wa-Oka...Oh my sweet darling Wa-Oka...I 
thought I would never...never see you again..." 

"Mother...."  Wa-Oka said, crying as well.  

That day, the lab remained locked tight til the morning.  No one even dared to 
bother Washu figuring that the girl was injured and needed medical attention, 
something they could provide.  And given Washu's facilities, it seemed that she 
would be recovering soon or become another guinea pig for study.  Either way, no 
one dared to enter, just pass and wonder what Washu could have done to their 
new...guest.

*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
Well hope you enjoyed this first part of the series.  Again I apologize if this 
seems very cheesy.


