Disclaimer:  All character, except Wa-Oka, are property of the makers of Tenchi 
Muyo (the greatest anime series that I've seen thus far that has been dubbed to 
excellent degree.)  I make no money from these stories and only do this for the 
fun of writing and the love of Anime.  Thank you and Enjoy ^_^

Author's note:  This is the continuation of Washu's heart dealing more in depth 
with Ryoko's reaction and some nebulous foreshadowing for the future stories in 
this series.  Hope you enjoy and all criticism is welcomed.  Thanks again.



"SHE'S YOUR WHAT!?!?!"  everyone yelled in unison.  Washu simply smiled at them 
as Wa-Oka looked around at them oddly.  "Yes, she's my daughter.  Remember that 
story that I told you about my husband 20,000 years ago...well this is her.  Her 
name is Wa-Oka, and she's just as much of a genius as her mother, hehe"  Washu's 
ego could be felt throughout the house as she smiled happily to the others.  One 
Washu was trouble enough, but two?  Was the World ready for two Washu's?  
"Uhm...Hajimemashite"  Wa-Oka said, bowing to the household.  Her blonde and red 
hair spiked a bit, but not as much as Washu's or Ryoko's.  The color of her eyes 
were emerald with small golden speck in them.  It was not hard to tell that 
Washu was her mom, but somethings about her seemed to hint at her father.    
"Now Wa-Oka"  Washu said with one hand behind her back and the other held out to 
emphasize her points, "let me introduce you to the others. "The young man over 
there is Tenchi...he's my little guinea!
 pig, hehe"
(Tenchi)  "Uhehehe, hi.."
"The girl standing behind him slightly is princess Ayeka of Jurai."
(Ayeka) "Oh, how to you do?"
"Next to her is her young sister, Sasami...and in Sasami's arms is the cabbit, 
Ryo-Ohki."
(Sasami) "Hehe, hello"
(Ryo-Ohki) "Meow Meow"
"The blonde is Mihoshi...beware, she may seen dense, but she's very 
destructive."
(Mihoshi) "hehe, Hiya"
"Hmmm...it seems like I've omitted someone.  Oh, oh yeah.  Almost forgot.  The 
girl who's trying to hand on to Tenchi is your..uhm..sister...Ryoko."
(Ryoko)  "Grrr...why I outta...hey...did you just say my sister??"

Wa-Oka looked at Ryoko and likewise.  They examined each other closely, not 
certain of each other.  The silence in the household was deafening and unbroken 
since that moment when Ryoko realized what Washu said.  Finally Wa-Oka broke the 
silence.  "She's my sister...??? She doesn't even resemble me!  Just look at her 
hair, its all Cyan and Spikey!"
"Hey you're hair's not exactly perfect either!"  Ryoko snapped back.  Ayeka 
seemed to enjoy this moment, seeing that Ryoko had someone else to keep her in 
her place.  Wa-Oka brushed a few strands of hair from her brow.  "Hmph, well 
this is interesting.  You seem to snap back too.  You actually have a spine.  
Still it's hard to believe that YOU'RE my sister."

"Well, you're no field day either.  Just look at you...you're..you're"

"She's your sister now accept it"  Washu interrupted.  "So if you two are 
finished, I need to get back to my work.  Now Ryoko, would you mind showing you 
sister around while I finish up some tests."   Washu turned to the lab door.  
Ryoko growled at her.  "She's not my sister!"  Washu smirked and turned to her 
again.  "Now now, she's very much your sister, just as you're my daughter, 
technically speaking.  So, be a GOOD sister and who your new widdle sister 
around"  

"Why should I have to show her?  She's YOUR daughter..."

"And you're my daughter as well.  Now, show her around, Ryoko...Or else"  

The latter part of Washu's statement 'or else' struck at Ryoko like an icicle. 
Even though she was Washu's daughter, that fact sometimes didn't stop Washu from 
conducting experiments on her.  Who knew what the mad scientist had in mind if 
she was in a REAL bad mood.  Hanging her head in defeat, she turned to the door.  
"C'mon, Wa-ohki, Wa-Oka, whatever your name is...*sigh*...let me show you 
around."  Washu turned back to the lab door, still smiling.  "Good.  Now I trust 
that you two will behave...I'll be watching you, hehe."  She disappeared into 
her lab and likewise, Ryoko and Wa-Oka disappeared as well.  Ayeka stood next to 
Tenchi who was still perplexed as to what to make of Wa-Oka.  "Well, " he said, 
"looks like we have another house guest after all.  *sighs*  Now where are we 
going to fit her?"  Ayeka looked towards the door.  "I hope miss Wa-Oka isn't 
anything like Ryoko though.  Two Washu's are scarey enough, but if she's like 
Ryoko as well we have a lot to worry about!
."

(Outside)
"And over there is the Masaki shrine where I was imprisoned for 700 years, Yadda 
yadda yadda."  Ryoko said.  Even though she took a nonchalant attitude towards 
this whole idea.  Something inside Ryoko thought otherwise.  For the last 2,000 
years she was all alone, then Tenchi came into the picture.  No matter how much 
she tried to hide it, her love for Tenchi filled an empty void in her heart...a 
void long felt by the solitude and angers of the universe.  Then Washu came into 
the picture.  Ryoko felt little feelings towards the scientist, but something 
deep inside her wanted to cry out to Washu, hold her and cry in her arms.  Still 
the stubbornness held deep inside her refused to let even a shed of hurt or 
heart warming emotion surface.  She didn't like emotions too much, it usually 
made her feel vulnerable, still somewhere deep down inside she did love 
Washu...but she couldn't let her know that ever.  Now she had a sister, not just 
any sister, but an older one, which meant mo!
re competition for Tenchi.  In a way, she didn't want her as a sister, but yet 
she felt that somehow they were connected in spirit when it came to emotions.  
As she continued the tour, she noticed that Wa-Oka had made her way away from 
the tour. 

"Hey!"  Ryoko yelled, looking around for Wa-Oka, "where'd ya go?  Wa-Oka!! Wa-
Okaaaa!"  She floated through the forest and through the shrine.  Still there 
was no sign of her, just emptiness and solitude. 

<<Oh man Washu is gonna have a fit>> she thought.

 She even floated through the field, which was not being tended to for the 
moment.  Tenchi had finished cultivating the land a bit early today.  Finally, 
after searching long and hard, she saw Wa-Oka looking about the lake.  Her shine 
gave off a silverfish aura as she looked about the lake's water.  The blonde 
streaks of her hair shined golden with the setting sun.  Even though Ryoko 
couldn't see her eyes, she could only imagine the aura that her emerald eyes 
gave off when they looked upon the gold waters of the lake.  Wa-Oka seemed to 
look almost angelic...as if she were a fallen angel. Through the tenderness of 
her mood, she still seemed troubled as if a heavy burden laid upon her heart.  
Ryoko couldn't help but notice this, no matter how much she was trying to hide 
it.

"Hey why did you run off?" she asked, "Don't you know I'm supposed to be showing 
you around?!?"   Wa-Oka remained silent as she continued to look about the lake.  
"Hey did you hear me? Are you deaf or something?  Why did you walk off?"  Still 
Wa-Oka remained.  For a few moments she just looked upon the lake and sighed 
heavily.  Finally she turned to Ryoko.  "Sorry, it's just that...the lake is so 
beautiful and everything is at peace...I'm wondering how long this will last."

"Wha?"  Ryoko questioned giving her a strange look, "what do you mean?"  A small 
smile seemed to come over her face only for a few fleeting seconds, then 
vanished.  "It's nothing Ryoko really...just a passing thought."

"Oh really?  So tell me why would someone like you come to a primitive pile of 
dirt such as this?"

"What do you mean?"

"It's not everyday that someone 'accidentally' crash land on a place like this 
unless there escaping the law...or someone."

Wa-Oka looked to Ryoko and smiled slightly.  She didn't realize how close to the 
truth she really was, but Wa-Oka couldn't let her know that.   "So why does it 
concern you anyways?  You may be my...'sister'...but that's only a title, it 
doesn't earn you trust automatically.  Maybe in time I will tell you, but not 
now.  Not here..."

"Grrr, Look you, you just keep away from my Tenchi or I'll...!!!"  She stopped 
in her statement a moment then realized something, "Oh, I get it, you're 
escaping something is that it?  From what I can tell from you're from the 
Kingdom of Masame."

Wa-Oka's eyes widened.  "How did you...?  How did you know that?"

"Easy, your pilot's outfit had a emblem upon it which signifies that you're from 
the kingdom of Masame Arctic.  Mainly from Masame Prime.  You must be a big fish 
to want to escape.  What did you do?  Did you steal something or did you fall in 
love with a Jurain?"

Wa-Oka turned back to the lake and watched the sun turn a red hue.    "It's more 
than just running from someone or something, it's more than all my inventions, 
my innovations...it's more than that.  It's something deeper than what anyone 
could hope to share...and I will not share, so don't ask." 

Turing towards the house, she began to walk passed Ryoko.  "So is this tour to a 
conclusion or is there more to see?"  Ryoko growled lowly at Wa-Oka then walked 
next to her. "What's with you?" she said, "I try to make a casual conversation 
and you just give me the cold shoulder!"

"Hmph, funny it must be a family trait.  You gave me that same impression when I 
first met you as well.  Must be a family trait."  Ryoko growled at her once 
again.  It was bad enough that Washu held the whole 'mom' thing over her head, 
now she had to deal with a 'sister' title being held over her as well.  Wa-Oka 
stopped in her tracks for only an instant.  "Maybe in time you will know 
why...but now, I can't tell you...so please don't haggle the issue from me."

"Whatever, just don't mess with MY Tenchi"

"Don't worry, I won't come between you and your little boyfriend...must be nice 
to have someone to come home to and hold...and fight over from what I've heard."

"Hey!"

Wa-Oka turned to Ryoko and smiled at her in a manner that reminded her of Washu.  
In a blink, she was gone.  "C'mon slowpoke, race you to the house!"

"Why I outta...!!!!"  she yelled, disappearing and reappearing along the path to 
the house.
