
        Small note to whomever may be reading: This is my first Tenchi 
fanfiction, written around a year ago in 1996. Unlike other fanfictions 
I write, it does not further character development and character 
relationships at all; it is just a short little work that I wrote on a 
whim while pondering what to do next with 'Pilaf and the Brain'. (^_^; 
It also may make no sense if one does not read it carefully, as there 
are more sections of just dialogue and not action. It may not make sense 
period. But then again, since when did any of my works make sense? 
<grin> Enjoy!

Washuu-chan's Great Invention: A Tenchi Muyou Comedy Catastrophe
by Andrea Paulinski (paulia63@uwosh.edu)

        "Wah! Wait, Ryo-chan!"
        
        "Miyaaa!"

        Sasami chased the little cabbit through the halls, struggling to 
keep up. One moment she had been happily purring, Sasami scratching her 
head, the next breaking into a gallop out of the door.

        "Ryoooooooo-chaaaaaaaaaan!" she called and panted. Ryo-ohki had 
done a good job of keeping away from her. "Ryoooo-*oof*!"

        "And where do you think you're going?" Ryouko grumbled. She had 
just left the bathroom when the little Juraian princess bumped into her.

        "Ryouko-oneechan! Gomen nasai, but Ryo-chan - "

        Ryouko continued, apparently not listening to her, "If I can't 
get to Tenchi - " She grinned playfully. " - I'll have him get to me!"

        "Nani? Tenchi-niichan?" Sasami cocked her head. Ryouko-oneechan 
could be so strange sometimes. "Doshite?"

        "Huh? Oh nothing, nothing." Ryouko looked up innocently. "Ja, 
run along now, ojouchan." She patted her harshly on the head and ran 
off, giggling in a high pitch.

        "Oh well.." Sasami watched her disappear into thin air, then 
blinked. "Oh! Ryo-ohki-chan!" She glanced around, not finding anyone. 
"She's gone.."

        There was a loud clatter from the next room, startling her, then 
a cry. Sasami ran to investigate, and found Mihoshi, covering her mouth 
and in complete shock.

        "Mihoshi-oneechan, what happened?" Mihoshi was staring at an 
empty dresser; her eyes were darting to and fro, and with each to and 
fro she squealed. "Oneechan?"

        "Sasami-chan!" Mihoshi grabbed her by the shoulders and looked 
straight into her eyes. "Something awfully frightening and terrible and 
awful and shocking has happened!"

        "Wh-what?"

        "Horrible! Truly horrible!"

        "What is it?" Sasami asked, getting frightened.

        "A horrible catastrophe! Truly horrible! Something you'd never 
want happen to you!" Mihoshi raised her voice melodramatically.

        "Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?"

        Mihoshi paused, giving a dramatic tension. Sasami blinked, 
waited. Finally, Mihoshi took a deep breath and said very slowly "I..."

        "Hai?"

        "...am missing..."

        "Hai? Hai?"

        "...my..."

        "...."

        "..toothbrush." 

        Sasami fell over. "N-nan da? T-toothbrush?"

        "My favorite one! It's missing!" she cried. "One moment it's 
here, the next - " Mihoshi threw up her hands. " - POOF!"

        Sasami sat up. "Oneechan, maybe you just misplaced it?"

        Mihoshi blinked. "Oh..maybe. Demo..I left it here," she sighed, 
looking ready to cry. "Oh well."

        "Mihoshi-oneechan, I'll help you look for it," she offered, 
feeling sorry for her. Mihoshi's eyes lit up.

        "Honto? WAI! Arigato!"

        "But as soon as I find Ryo-chan," Sasami amended. "Have you seen 
her?"

        "Iie. Ryo-chan's missing?"

        "Yes."

        "Did I tell you I'm missing my favorite toothbrush?"

        "Uhm, yes. Anyway - " Sasami put her hand behind her head and 
laughed nervously. "I gotta find her now, and then I'll help ya look."

        "Ja ne!" Mihoshi waved exuberantly and went back to her 
business, whatever that was; Sasami wasn't sure.

        "Ano - " She pushed herself up, and fell immediately back on her 
rump. "Iteh." Sasami winced.

        "You decided to stay and help me?" Mihoshi asked hopefully. "How 
kind of you! Remember, it's a toothbrush."

        Sasami stared at her hand. "Grease? Mihoshi-oneechan, why is 
there grease on the floor?" She wiped her hand on her robe and made a 
face, sticking out her tongue in disgust. "Yech."

        "Grease? Honto?" Mihoshi reached out and grabbed a bottle from 
another dresser. "I thought this was Lysol." Sasami held in a giggle. 
Mihoshi shrugged and tossed the bottle n the bed. She lost her footing 
and fell face first to the floor. "Oo..that Lysol is slippery, ne?"

        "H-hai," she gave in.

        Several moments later, after several attempts by the two girls 
to get to the door, Sasami was in the hall again, calling the cabbit's 
name. "Ryo-chaaaaaaaan!"

        "Sasami! Wh-what are you doing here?"

        "Ah! Oneesama! Have you seen Ryo-chan? I can't find her anywhere 
- "

        "That Ryouko-san!" Aeka growled. "I bet she did it."

        "Nani? Ryouko-oneechan?" Sasami inquired. "I just saw her a few 
minutes ago, talking about Tenchi-niichan." 

        "She DID, did she?! Sooo THAT'S why! Come with me!" Aeka grabbed 
her sister's hand and raced down the hall.

        "W-what d-did R-ryouko-oneechan d-do? And w-where are we going, 
Oneesama?" Her sister had broken into a trot, making it difficult to 
talk. Aeka stopped and turned Sasami around to face her.

        "A catastrophe has occurred!"

        "A ca-catastrophe?" Sasami blinked. "What sort?"

        "A horrible awful one!" Aeka looked straight into her eyes. 
"Something you'd never want happen to you!" Aeka raised her voice 
melodramatically.

        "H-honto?" 

        "Hai. Never." She narrowed her eyes. "And you know what this 
catastrophe is?"

        "No, I don't. You didn't lose  toothbrush, did you?"

        "I - huh? Nan da? A toothbrush?" Aeka looked at her strangely. 
"What are you talking about?"

        "Mihoshi lost her toothbrush and I'm s'pposed to help her find 
it."

        "BAH! Let her find her own toothbrush! This is serious! Ryouko-
san stole it and I need help finding it! The little witch, probably 
doing this to spite me," Aeka fumed. Sasami sweatdropped.

        "What is it? What did she take?" she asked.

        "One of my prized possessions! The weasel!" Aeka broke into 
tears, then clenched her fists in rage, a determined look spread on her 
face. "We'll get it back!"

        Sasami sighed, "I'll help you find it, but I have to find Ryo-
chan first and THEN Mihoshi-oneechan's toothbrush."

        "I'll get her for this," she growled, an evil glint in her eye.

        "But it would help, Oneesama, if I knew what 'it' is."

        "Go off and play then." Aeka waved her hand, apparently not 
hearing her. "And if you run into Ryouko-san or my brooch, tell me." She 
ran off, screaming loudly "I'll get you for this!"

        Sasami watched her slip into a corner. "That's three things 
missing. Maybe Tenchi-niichan knows where everything and Ryo-chan are!" 
she said brightly, and went to find him.

        He was in his room, sitting on his bed with a furious look on 
his face. "Tenchi-niichan." She knocked on the door. "May I come in?"

        He looked up and forced a smile. "Sure."

        "Have you seen Ryo-chan or Mihoshi-oneechan's toothbrush or 
Oneesama's brooch?" she asked him.

        "Though everyone seems to be coming into my room lately," he 
pouted, not paying attention to her.

        "Nani?" Sasami sat cross-legged on his floor, being careful to 
inspect it first lest Mihoshi cleaned in there. She hadn't. "Who's been 
in your room?"

        "And now it's gone. A complete catastrophe! I'll never live 
without it! Something you'd never want happen to you!" Tenchi raised his 
voice melodramatically.

        Sasami opened her mouth, but decided against it. No one seemed 
to be hearing her today anyway.
        
        "I bet MIHOSHI-SAN took and hid it! She was talking about how 
she liked it!" He stood up suddenly. "Sasami-chan, if I don't find it 
soon I'll lose my mind!"

        'What - "

        "I worked so hard on it! I can't lose it now! Come on, will you 
help me find it?"

        Sasami grimaced. "Everyone's losing their stuff today. I lost 
Ryo-chan and have to find her. Mihoshi-oneechan lost her toothbrush - 
"Tenchi growled at the mention of her name. " - and I promised to help 
find it after I found Ryo-chan. Oneesaama lost her brooch and I promised 
to help her find it after I helped find Mihoshi-oneechan's toothbrush 
after I find Ryo-chan. I'll help you find..eh.. whatever it is you're 
looking for, but only after I find everything else, okay?"

        "Hai hai, fine," he sighed. "If you see my paper when you're out 
swimming, though, be sure to dry off your hands. I don't want it to get 
wet."

        Sasami nodded, not daring to point out she mentioned nothing 
about swimming, closing the door behind her. She leaned against the wall 
and breathed a sigh. "Now Tenchi-niichan is missing something. I don't 
know who else to turn - ah! Washuu-oneechan!" She head towards Washuu's 
lab and hesitantly knocked on the door.

        "Who iiiiiissssss iiiiiiiit?" a voice bellowed from within.

        "Sa - "

        "I'm busy right now, Sasami-chan! Come back later!"

        "Ano.." Sasami  frowned. Perhaps she was busy looking for 
something, too?   

        "In an hour!" Washuu amended.

        "H-hai..." Sasami sighed, distraught. There was no one else to 
ask.

        "Oi, what're you doin' hangin' out here?" Ryouko asked as she 
came up from behind her.

        "Nothing.." she muttered, depressed.

        "Hmph. I can't believe that Tenchi!" Ryouko's eyes blazed. "I 
bet he took it just because of what happened in the bathroom!"

        "A complete catastrophe? Something I'll NEVER want to happen to 
me?" Sasami asked, raising her voice.

        "Oiii, how'd you know?" She put her hands on her hips and looked 
at her, suspicious. "You wouldn't happen to KNOW whodunit, do you?"

        "I-iie..it was just a lucky guess, oneechan," she gulped. "I 
can't find Ryo-chan; Mihoshi-oneechan can't find her toothbrush; 
Oneesama can't find her brooch - "

        "And she's probably accusing me of taking it, ne?" Ryouko 
grinned.

        "D-did you?"

        "Of course not," Ryouko said sweetly. "Would *I* ever do such a 
thing?"

        "I guess not, but it would be better for me if you had," Sasami 
sighed again.

        "Doooooshite?"

        "I promised Tenchi-oniichan that I'd help him find his paper 
after I help Oneesama find her brooch after I help Mihoshi-neechan find 
her toothbrush after I find Ryo-chan," she explained.

        "Ja, you can help me find the cappuccino machine after you find 
all those other things, can you? The one that Tenchi stole?"

        "Hai..."

        "Good girl!" Ryouko patted her on the head, lighter this time. 
"You'd better get crackin' then." Sasami watched her leave.

        "I don't know how I get talked into these things. Oh well.." 
Sasami straightened. "Better find Ryo-chan."

        She searched the halls, but found no sign of her, Tenchi, and 
the other girls. Sasami pouted as she headed into the kitchen. 
"Everyone's gone."

        "Yoi! Everyone's gone and no one to talk to."

        Sasami, startled, turned around and stared right into the face 
of Washuu. "Na...Washuu-oneechan? Are you missing something, too? I 
thought -"

        "Taking a break." She grinned as she took a pot of coffee and 
pored some of the liquid into the mug. "Coffee?" Washuu held the pot out 
to her. Sasami shook her head and sat at the table, propping her head 
with her hands. "No? Okay." Washuu placed the pot back into the maker 
and sat beside her.

        "I thought you said an hour?" Sasami asked, curious.

        "I'm running ahead of schedule." Washuu smiled as she sipped her 
coffee, then placed it down on the table. "I might even have it done in 
a few minutes."

        "What are you working on?"

        "It's a secret." She winked. "Something incredibly awesome and 
spectacular and useful."

        "Sugoiiii, I wish I could see it."  Sasami blinked excitedly. 
"May I?"

        "When it'd done, I'll call down everyone." Washuu sipped again.

        "You stole my brooch, you thief!"

        "Give me back my paper!"

        "I want my cappuccino machine, Tenchi!"

        "My toothbrush!"

        Aeka, Ryouko, Mihoshi, and Tenchi stumbled into the kitchen, 
unaware of the other two at the table. Washuu watched them out of the 
corner of her eye, still drinking. Sasami stood up.

        "Minna! Guess what Washuu-oneecha - "

        "Ryouko, give me back my brooch!" Aeka snarled.

        "I don't have it, cutie!" she snapped back. "Tenchi, hand over 
my machine!"

        "What machine?! Mihoshi-san, I'd like my paper back." He held 
out his hand expectedly.

        "Ano...what paper? Have you seen my toothbrush?"

        "Washuu-oneechan - " She tried hard to have her voice above the 
others. "Washuu-ONEECHAN - " Washuu shook her head, stood up.

        "Minna-dono! Your attention please!" Everyone stopped and turned 
to her. "You are all invited to the unveiling of my NEW splendorific 
invention in fifteen minutes. Sankyuu." She sat, the arguing continued. 
"See, Sasami-chan? Assertive."

        "H-hai.."

        "Walk me to the lab, darling?" She glanced at the battle. "They 
don't seem to be any fun." They stood up and left.

        "So, you don't have anything missing?" Washuu coughed.

        "Now that you mention it, maybe I do. I'll have to check." 
Sasami blinked, confused. "Doshite? Are you missing anything, Sasami-
chan?"

        "Ryo-ohki.."

        "She's in the lab," she answered. Sasami's eyes bulged.

        "Honto?"

        "Mm-hmm. Little Ryo-ohki-chan has been keeping me company all 
day." Washuu stopped in front of the door; Sasami followed suit. "You'll 
have her back in no time. Promise. Anything else?"

        "There's Mihoshi-oneechan's toothbrush and Oneesama's brooch and 
Tenchi-oniichan's paper and Ryouko-oneechan's cappuccino thing I have to 
find." Washuu didn't respond, engrossed in opening the door.

        "That's nice," she said finally. "Well Sasami-chan, I'll call 
you when I'm done!" Washuu disappeared into the lab, leaving Sasami 
alone.

        She glanced around, wondering if anyone else was still in the 
kitchen. 'May as well check.' Sasami skipped and bounced there, almost 
tripping on the long dress she wore, and waved. "So minna-chan, isn't 
that - "

        But no one was there. Everyone had gone back to their respective 
rooms, madder than before. "Sou ka," she sighed, "I'm all alone again."

        "IIIIIEEEEEEEE!!!" That sound came from her sister's room! 
Sasami rushed there.

        "Oneesama, what -- !" She burst through the door.

        "Ca-ca-cata-ta-ta-strophe! A-a-a-a-again! Sh-she - "

        "Who? What? Where? Why? When? How?"

        "Horrible wench!" Aeka shouted. "I bet she did it to spite me 
more!"

        "Nani?" She knew Ryouko-oneechan wasn't that dumb.

        "Or maybe..it was... TENCHI-SAMA!" She threw open the drawer and 
grabbed a pair of scissors. "HE took it!"

        "Took what?" Sasami backed away, scared. Her sister's fits of 
rage always scared her somewhat." Maybe you lost - "

        "TENCHI-SAMA!" Aeka slammed open the door. "I want my down-
feather pillow back!"

        Sasami slipped out, trembling. "Oneesama is really mad." She 
crept silently down the hall, and when she was out of hearing distance, 
breathed a sigh of relief. "At least I know Ryo-chan is safe. Ne..which 
reminds me.."

        She trotted down to Mihoshi's room, and was greeted by the same 
way her sister had. "IIIEEEEEEE!!!"

        "Mihoshi-oneechan! What's wrong?" Sasami rushed in and slipped 
on the floor. "I-the!"

        Mihoshi sniffled. "Sasami-chaaaaaaaaan, have you seen my rubix?"

        "Eh?"

        "I wanted to play with my rubix cube, to see if I could get it 
all different colors this time - "she explained hectically. "But it 
keeps on being the same color on each side!"

        "O-oh..."

        "Ano...have you seen my toothbrush? I lost it."

        "I'm looking for it, Mihoshi-oneechan, I'm looking for it." She 
turned to the door.

        "Wait!" She stopped, turned to face Mihoshi. Mihoshi bounded up 
to her, almost slipping. "I'll come with you. I want to see if you 
remember what I'm missing - "

        "Mihoshi-san! I want my paper back!" Tenchi burst into the room. 
"I can't live without it!"

        "What paper?"

        Ryouko followed him. "Oi, you stole my cappuccino machine!" she 
accused Tenchi, baring her fangs.

        "What would you use a cappuccino machine for?!" he countered.

        "I - I - "

        "Tenchi-SAMA!" Aeka appeared. "How DARE you steal my down 
feather pillow!"

        "I didn't steal anything! But SHE - " He pointed to Ryouko. " - 
stole my teddy!"

        "NANI?" Ryouko looked up. "I wouldn't.."

        Aeka folded her arms and stuck her nose in the air, refusing to 
look at her." I bet you would."

        "WHO ARE YOU TO TALK?! *YOU* TOOK MY Special Patented Peeping 
Handkerchief (tm) !" she retorted angrily.

        "You what...?"

        "My..." Ryouko slapped her mouth in surprise, glancing at 
Tenchi. "Nevermind, baka! Just give it back!"

        "Ano.." Mihoshi started, "did all of you lose something, too?"

        "Excuse me."

        "Ah, Washuu-oneechan!" Sasami trotted up to her. "Since when did 
you get here?"

        "Since just now," she winked. "Minna-dono, may I have your 
undivided attention?" Everyone stopped, stared at her. "Sankyuuuu! My 
new invention is all ready to test! Come with me." Washuu waved over her 
shoulder and left them blinking. They obeyed and concentrated around her 
lab door. She grinned at them. "Ja, be prepared to witness the pen-
ultimate invention of all time -- !" Washuu opened the door and waved 
her finger for them to come closer. They did. "Are you ready?"

        "Ano..Washuu-san..."

        "CHAN, baka! CHAN!"

        "Washuu-chan - " Aeka peeked in. Washuu slapped her hand. "Ow! 
What was that for?!"

        "I didn't say you could go in yet, now did I?" Washuu glanced 
in, then nodded. "Yoush, all clear." She donned a helmet and walked in. 
The others looked at each other and followed.

        They found her standing next to a table, covered with various 
trinkets of all shapes and sizes. Their eyes bugged.

        "My paper!"

        "My brooch!"

        "Oh my.. how did my toothbrush get there?"

        Washuu stepped off to the side as the group launched themselves 
to the table, ready to claim their goods. Ryo-ohki hopped over to Sasami 
happily. As the owners sighed happily over their new-found items, Sasami 
strolled over to Washuu. "Washuu-oneechan, I don't get it..."

        "Say no more, Sasami-chan. My invention worked. It truly was a 
catastrophe, ne?" Washuu winked.

        "But - "

        "If this family ever breaks up, ever fights over silly things 
like this, where would we be? What would happen to us?" Washuu looked 
seriously at her. "That was my experiment, my invention. "Don't mention 
it to them."

        As explanations were asked from Washuu, which were met with a 
simple 'I found them', Sasami sneaked out of the room. "She's right. It 
really was a catastrophe."

        Ryo-ohki miyaaed in agreement.