Disclaimer:  All characters, except for Wa-Oka, are property of the wonderful 
creators of Tenchi Muyo.  I make no money from this and only write for the love 
of writing and the love of Tenchi Muyo.  Thank you

The Return:  Part One

Daybreak came as quickly as the night of the carnival left.  Mihoshi and Kiyone 
slept on the couch since it was too late for them to attempt to travel back to 
their studio apartment.  The morning was met by the smell of breakfast being 
prepared while most of the household remained sleeping, trying to hold onto what 
little sleep time they could.  The smell of hot tea and such lingered in the air 
for about an hour, but to most, it was just a few minutes before Sasami began 
her rounds of waking everyone for breakfast.  Each and every sleeping member of 
the house sluggishly got ready for breakfast.  Finally, after about 30 minutes 
of groaning and moaning, the house was to its usual lively self.  Mihoshi and 
Kiyone were grateful for the meal and the hospitality that Yosho showed them.  

They regretted having to leave, but as fate would have it, they were called once 
away by their duties.  It seemed that there was a disturbance near the planet 
Pluto and it was their duty as Galactic Police officers to investigate the 
matter further.  From the description of the call, it looked to be something big 
and worth wile for investigation. Everyone gathered outside the house and bit 
them farewell for the moment and gave them a little snack for the road ahead.   
Mihoshi cried while Kiyone bowed respectfully to the household.  They left for 
Pluto as soon as possible, but something seemed out of the ordinary about the 
call.  Pluto was a sector of space which should hold little interest for anyone, 
after all it was just a big ball of ice with little resources what so ever.  The 
thought soon faded away as the duo blasted off towards the ice ball planet.

Tenchi waves into the air and sighed.  "Take care you two.", he said, knowing 
his words were in vain.  Still the thought is what counted.  "Well, Tenchi." 
said a voice from behind him, "were off to the hot springs.  Don't worry, we'll 
leave the door cracked for you."  Ryoko winked at him and disappeared.  With a 
tense look written upon his face, he rubbed his head slightly as Yosho nudged 
him.  "Well, Tenchi, looks like you have a free day today.  Why not take it 
easy, hehe"  he said then walked back to his shrine.  Tenchi sighed once again.  
"Oh well" he said, walking back to the house.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
------------------------
Kagato stood before a veiw window, looking out upon the earth.  "Hehehe, now is 
the time for my return.  I'm sure the 'professor' will enjoy seeing her former 
and greatest student again...I know little Ryoko will be thrilled as well."

He summoned his assistant from his lab.  "Naoko, prepare the capsules.  I may 
need some help after I get upon the planet."

"Yes sir"  he said, handing him the device he worked on and 5 pill sized 
capsules containing  a variety of shadow creatures.  "Good.  I shall return 
soon.  Do keep yourself busy with something in the lab."

"Yes sir" he said, leaving the throne room.  Kagato tapped his fingers together 
and stood up.  "See you soon...dear 'professor'"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------

At the hot springs, Ryoko sighed contently, enjoying her favorite hobby of the 
day.  The springs provided all the comfort of a luxury lifestyle, something that 
all enjoyed.   Ayeka closed her eyes as she slid herself deeper into the 
soothing waters.  Sasami played with Ryo-Ohki and Ki-Ohki who were a bit scared 
of the waters, still testing it with their paws.  Washu sighed to herself, 
looking around for Wa-Oka.  >>She must be in her lab again<< she thought, 
gathering her strength up.  Concentrating, she 'felt' for Wa-Oka's thoughts then 
projected an astral image of herself. Wa-Oka looked to be working on the device, 
which usually sat upon her brow.  Washu's astral projection crossed her arms and 
cocked a brow.  She smiled at how much of herself she saw in her little girl, 
but even the greatest of minds needed to relax.  She began to walk towards Wa-
Oka who busied herself working on the device.

"Yes, Washu, what is it you wish of me?"  Wa-Oka said with her back turned to 
Washu's astral projection.
"Hmmm, your abilities are stronger now than when they first manifested.  What 
are you doing?"
Wa-Oka sighed slightly, still working on the device.  "You know I can't keep 
my...abilities...under control without this device."
"Yes I know.  I did invent that device you know."
"You may have, but over the centuries it needed refining to a great degree.  I'm 
just making the slight adjustments to make sure I don't lose too much control 
over them."
Washu sighed and placed her 'hand' upon Wa-Oka's shoulder.  Wa-Oka turned and 
looked at her.  "Wa-Oka" Washu called, "you needn't worry about that now.  
You're overworking yourself and need to relax.  Come to the hot springs and 
relax with the rest of us.  Science, sometimes, can wait."
"But the device-"
"Can wait.  I know you've mastered your abilities enough to where you require 
little assistance from the device...for the most part."  Wa-Oka sighed knowing 
that there was little she could do to get out of the situation.  "Alright" she 
said, placing the device upon a table, "I'll be there in a few minutes."
"Good" Washu said, beginning to disappear, "And remember to tie you hair up.  
Having to dry over 5 feet of hair is such a pain for moms, tee hee" With her 
usual cutesy smile, she disappeared.

Wa-Oka appeared finally at the hot springs, testing the waters with the tip of 
her foot.  "What's wrong, Miss Wa-Oka?"  Sasami said, watching Ryo-Ohki play 
with Ki-Ohki.  
"Please just call me Wa-Oka.  And there's nothing wrong, I guess...it's just 
that the water is a bit hot, don't you think?"
"Oh, poor widdle Wa-Oka" taunted a voice from behind her, "scared of a little 
water...here, let me help you get rid of that fear for ya."  Wa-Oka felt herself 
being pushed.  In a reflext reaction, she grabbed for whatever was behind her 
and dragged it with her.  With a loud splash, Ryoko got up and cursed at Wa-Oka, 
looking around for her.  Wa-Oka soon emerged from the waters near the shore, her 
breathing was very shallow and her eyes looked fatigued.  Her 18-year-old 
looking body ached slightly with the extreme and sudden heat.  Washu looked over 
to her and smirked "Oh yeah, I keep forgetting that you're from a basic winter 
planet."  Washu said, "well, you'll get used to it.  If you don't, I can always 
give you something to counteract the adrenaline agents in your system causing 
the sudden fatigue." 
"Si'st okay...I'll be...fine."  In truth, her head was beginning to hurt 
slightly as she laid her it upon the shoreline and closed her eyes.  She soon 
became oblivious to everything around her, somewhat getting used to the heat.

Suddenly the hot spring shook as if some great power was ripping away at the 
structure.  "Wha the?"  everyone said, looking around.  The shaking persisted 
one more time before the poly glass dome cracked, parts of it crashing down into 
the structure.  A sadistic laughter soon followed the calm.  Washu and Ryoko 
leered as they recognized the laughter.  "Kagato!" Ryoko yelled, shifting to her 
battle uniform.  He soon appeared, hovering over the bath.  "Well, it's so nice 
to see that I'm not a forgotten memory."  Turing his gaze to Washu, he smirked 
darkly.  "Hello professor.  Did you miss your best student?"
"Kagato, you lowly scoundrel!"  she said, "Everyone, out before he harms us!!"  
Everyone moved as quickly as they could, but Wa-Oka lagged behind.  Kagato 
laughed again, firing a blast of energy towards the seemingly helpless girl.  
Ryoko appeared in front of her and the two teleported to the door.  Washu closed 
the door behind Ryoko and Wa-Oka, keying in commands to teleport them to her 
lab.  Washu's breathing staggered as her eyes widened.  "I thought he was dead!" 
she managed to say in her hysteria.  "Miss Washu, get a hold of yourself" Ayeka 
said, shaking her frantically.  Finally Washu managed to gain her senses back.

"Thanks, Ayeka.  We need to hurry up and get Tenchi...where's Wa-Oka."   She 
said, looking around.  Seeing her in Ryoko's arms, Washu sighed for relief and 
brushed her hair.  "Why didn't you run!?"  she chided.  Since in the lab, the 
air had turned dramatically cooler as opposed to the springs. The chill 
refreshed Wa-Oka enough to think a bit clearly.  "Ah, nevermind, as long as 
everyone is safe."  Washu continued.  

Ryoko powered up, clinching her fists tightly.  "Grr, I have to get Tenchi.  
He's going to try and kill him!"  Turning to Washu, she began to shake her.  
"Washu!  I have to get to Tenchi before that...MONSTER...kills him!!  Please, 
Washu!"  She nodded at Ryoko and opened a portal to the door.  "Go, Ryoko...but 
be careful.  Kagato is more dangerous now than ever!."  Ryoko nodded and 
disappeared through the portal.  "Now, as for the rest of us, Sasami, go with 
Wa-Oka to her lab.  You'll be safer in Wa-Oka's lab.  Ayeka,  you and I will 
need to change into battle gear, we will have to help Ryoko in case Kagato has 
something sleazy up his sleeve.  Now go Wa-Oka, before something happens to 
Sasami."
Wa-Oka nodded and opened a portal to her lab, taking Sasami with her.  "Here 
Ayeka.  This will help protect you.  Even though you're not the best 
fighter...you can still help out."  Washu said, smiling.  Ayeka nodded 
dumbfoundedly, placing the gear on top of her bathing suit.  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------

Ryoko raced through the house.  "Tenchi!  TENCHI!!  TENCHI!!!"  she yelled, 
searching though the house.  Finally she saw him running down the stairs.  "Yeah 
Ryoko" he said, "What is it?"  He didn't have a clue as to what was happening.  
"Tenchi...we have to get out of here...it's Kagato, he-"
Just then a blast hit the house.  The force from the blast caused the roof to 
cave in one part.   Kagato's laughter rang throughout the dwelling, sending 
chills down Ryoko's spine.  She couldn't risk having the only place she called 
home ruined, so she took Tenchi by the hand and ran outdoors.  "Hurry Tenchi, we 
have to get away from here."  Tenchi held onto Ryoko's hand tightly and ran 
towards the tree.  They were cut off by 2 dark almost shadowy creatures.  Their 
faces were completely blank of any features, except for the white eyes and 
smile, which they laughed at Ryoko and Tenchi like little imps.  Tenchi pulled 
the Tenchi-ken from his pocket and prepared for battle.  The shadow creatures 
didn't attack, just stand there as if waiting for something.  

"What are they waiting for?"  Tenchi asked as he was now to Ryoko's back.
"I don't know, but it can't be good."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------

Wa-Oka finally arrived at her lab with Sasami, Ryo-Ohki and Ki-Ohki.  "Mis-
....Wa-Oka, where are we?"  Wa-Oka smiled at Sasami, "we're in my lab.  Well one 
of them.  This is the biosphere.  You'll be safe her, at least.  And don't 
worry, you can't break anything here cause it's just one big forest with a lake 
over there."  Wa-Oka reached down and rubbed Sasami's hair.  She could sense the 
concern and fear in Sasami's mind as she tried to be strong.  Still, this whole 
situation was a lot for one little girl to handle, so Wa-Oka tried to comfort 
her the best way she knew how, with a simple touch and a few words.  "Don't 
worry, Sasami.  I know you're scared and don't want anything to happen to the 
household, but you have to be strong."  Wa-Oka smiled at Sasami, "Don't worry.  
They're my family too and I'm worried for them."

She began to make her way towards the door.  "Wait!" Sasami said, running 
towards Wa-Oka.  She hugged onto Wa-Oka for a moment and began to sniffle.  She 
kneeled down to Sasami and wiped away a small tear.  "I'll try to protect 
Tenchi...I promise."  Sasami looked up at her in surprise, wondering how she 
knew her thoughts.  "Hey if you get hungry, there are a few bots around.  Tell 
them what you require and they will accommodate you."  she said.  Wa-Oka smiled 
at Sasami one last time and disappeared through the portal.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------

Kagato floated in front of Tenchi and Ryoko.  "Well, isn't this something,  the 
boy and his pet.  How are things Ryoko?  It HAS been quite sometime since we 
last danced, hehe."  
"Grrrr, KAGATO!! You're MINE!"  Ryoko said, charging towards him with her swords 
in both hands.  "Ryoko NO!"  Tenchi called out, hoping to stop Ryoko.  Kagato 
laughed at her futile attempt to strike him down.  One of the shadow creatures 
intercepted her, knocking her to the ground. Three more shadow creatures 
appeared, going toward both Tenchi and Ryoko.    Just then, one of the creatures 
screeched in pain as Ryoko jumped up from where she laid.  Looking around, she 
spotted Ayeka and Washu.

"Ah, professor.  How nice to see you again.  And good to see you to, Princess 
Ayeka."   Kagato smirked, tapping his green sword upon his shoulder.  "What do 
you want, Kagato?"
"You know what I want."
"You still haven't changed, Kagato. Still hungry for power and such a waste of 
an intelligent mind."
Kagato straightened up his glasses and smirked.  "And you professor are still 
the same as well."  He noticed Ryoko trying to strike at him again.  Her eyes 
beamed red with anger as she wanted to slay him.  He waited for her to get 
closer, pulling something from his sleeve.  "RYOKO!!!"  Washu yelled, but it was 
too late.  By the time Ryoko's name exited her lips, Kagato had already placed 
the device upon her neck.  Ryoko fell to the ground grabbing her head and 
howling in agony.  "Hehe.  Dear, Ryoko, did you truly think I would be prepared 
for that little move of yours?  Since the gems no longer work to my advantage, 
this control collar will."  

Ryoko tried to fight back the mind trying to take her over.  She struggled 
greatly, but soon her efforts were in vain, she was now Kagato's puppet once 
again.  Washu made her way passed the shadow creatures, killing one in her path.  
"NO!  Ryoko!  NOOO!!!'  she yelled.  
"Well, since you care for your 'PRECIOUS' Ryoko so much, here.  Take her."  
Kagato signal to Ryoko who formed an energy sword and began to charge at Washu.  
She managed to dodge the first blow as Tenchi saw this from the corner of his 
eye.  Ryoko relentlessly struck at Washu, each blow intended for mortal damage.  
Washu was at least a good enough swordsman to counter each blow, but her stamina 
was quickly wearing thin and Tenchi and Ayeka were too busy to aid her.  One 
counter move led to another, but then Washu slipped upon something causing her 
to fall to the ground.  Kagato smirked, knowing that the victory was his.  Ryoko 
went for the final blow, just inches from taking the life of one whom she cared 
for.  Washu's pupils contricted as her whole life flashed before her.  
"Ryoko...please..." she pleaded, hoping to snap her to reality.  Ryoko's eyes 
didn't even blink as the tip of her blade pointed at Washu's heart.  A loud 
clash was heard and Washu looked up, seeing another !
figure blocking Ryoko's blade.  She stood about the same height as Ryoko with a 
long Reddish blonde braid trailing down her back.  "Wa-Oka...?"  she whispered, 
rejoicing that both she and Ryoko were not harmed.   Wa-Oka knocked Ryoko back 
towards the tree, letting her fall into the water. 

"What?  It's you?!"  Kagato chimed, looking at Wa-Oka.  He smirked to once 
again.  "So this is your other child, professor?  Now how did you manage to hide 
her?"

"It's non of your concern, whoever you are." Wa-Oka challenged, looking back at 
him, "just leave us be."

"You have no idea who you're talking to do you?  No matter.  Ryoko.  Kill 
this...creature!"

Ryoko quickly recovered and dashed towards Wa-Oka. The two jumped high into the 
tree tops, their energy swords clashing against one another's. Tenchi and Ayeka 
tried their best to scream her name to snap her from her mesmerized state, but 
their efforts were in vain.  The sisters fought each other for a few moments, 
one not truly winning an advantage over another.  They had fought against one 
another numerous times, but always Wa-Oka would win most of the time, but then 
again that was sparring, this, however, was the real deal and only one could 
have victory over the other.  Soon, Ryoko slipped in a defensive stance, giving 
Wa-Oka the opening she knew Ryoko would give her opportunity to knock Ryoko back 
into the water, this time stunning her for a few moments longer. "Wa-Oka don't 
hurt Ryoko...she's under his control!"  Tenchi yelled, killing another of 
Kagato's shadow creatures.  

"Come on Ryoko", she whispered, waiting for her to get up, "this is far below 
your usual fighting.  Come on...get up."  Finally, Ryoko recovered enough to 
make another attempted dash at Wa-Oka.  She didn't take any time to move nor did 
she bother with dodging her.  She just stood waiting.  

Wa-Oka held one of her hands to her head, focusing upon the charging Ryoko.  
Ryoko's eyes turned from a greenish color to their normal amber color.  "Huh?  
What happened?"  Ryoko said, stopping in her tracks.  Kagato looked at Wa-Oka 
not sure as to what happened.  It took a few minutes, but he finally put the 
pieces together.  "So that's why she's special...she has psionic abilities.  
Touch‚ professor, but it shall do her no good.", he said.  Waving his hand, The 
collar around Ryoko's neck began to glow, strangling her with every pulse.  She 
soon found herself face to face with Kagato.  

"Come, my dear Ryoko, we have a lot of...'catching up' to do"  His smile turned 
Ryoko's blood cold as she recalled the pain and anguish he caused her.  "Let me 
go Kagato, or I'll-"

"Or you'll what?  You'll do nothing because you are powerless against me."   
Calling back his shadow warriors, he turned to the group and smiled.  "Say 
goodbye to you little Ryoko...she wont be coming to aid you anytime soon, though 
you may see her back on earth to finish your miserable little insignificant 
lives off."

Ryoko's eyes began to water as she looked at Tenchi, asking him for forgiveness 
for what she would do in the future.  "Kagato, let her go!!"  Washu pleaded.  He 
simply laughed at his professor's request, savoring the pain in her eyes as she 
was helpless once again to help her most perfect creation and beloved child.  
Wa-Oka closed her eyes and cried to herself.  She could feel every thought, 
every fear and every pain that Ryoko felt towards Kagato.  She wanted so much to 
wipe away the pain and comfort her, but that...monster...Kagato would never 
allow it, only use her as an instrument to orchestrate whatever sinister and 
vile plans he help within his sadistic mind.  No longer able to take idea of 
Ryoko's fears, she finally spoke up.

"Kagato...wait...don't take Ryoko.  She's worthless to you"  she said, charging 
down her energy sword.  Everyone looked to Wa-Oka in surprise as she lifted her 
eyes to Kagato.  "Ryoko is of little use to you if there is someone far greater 
than she."

"Heh, and what are you saying, child?  She can be 'fixed' to do anything I 
wish."

"Maybe...but I am and always will be greater than she.  Time and training have 
already dictated that."  Wa-Oka looked to Ryoko, Tenchi, Ayeka, then Washu and 
smiled peacefully, to them as she gave her next statement to Kagato.  "Instead 
of taking Ryoko...take me instead.  I am far more powerful than Ryoko and I 
possess abilities which she could never control.  Please...I will gladly go in 
her place."  

Kagato smiled to Wa-Oka. "A very noble effort, child.  I must say that I am 
impressed.  So be it." he said, taking the collar from Ryoko's neck and placing 
it upon Wa-Oka's.  He pulled Wa-Oka towards him and let Ryoko fall to the ground 
below.  Washu screamed as she watched her eldest daughter give herself, 
willingly, to the monster Kagato.  "Wa-Oka, NO!!! YOU IDIOT HE'LL KILL YOU!!!"  
Ryoko screamed, reaching for her.  Her efforts were in vain as Kagato and Wa-Oka 
began to disappear into the void.   There was no trace of them after a few 
moments.  Ryoko howled in anger and began to beat her fists upon the ground.  
"Why...why did you go, Wa-Oka....WHY!?!?!"  

She began to fire stray shots around, hitting almost anything that was in her 
way.  Tenchi and Ayeka dodged her blasts, while Washu placed an energy shield up 
to protect herself.  "Miss Washu do something" Ayeka asked, trying to get Ryoko 
to calm down.  Washu walked slowly to the tantrum throwing Ryoko, feeling her 
pain.  She, too, felt the empty void of pain in her heart as she recalled Wa-
Oka's sacrifice.  Washu remembered the times when she would creep into Ryoko's 
mind and see the horrid acts Kagato committed on her.  The experiments, 
test...amongst other things.  At times in her own prison, she wanted to kill 
Kagato herself, rip his heart from his chest, but she couldn't.  And even if she 
were given the opportunity again, she wouldn't because then she would be no 
better than the sadistic man whom she once called her student.  

Ryoko stopped her energy blast and dug her fingers into the soft soil.  
"Why...why, Wa-Oka...why?"  she sniffled through her tears.  She felt a 
comforting hand upon her shoulder.  "She did it because she loves you..."  Washu 
said, holding Ryoko in her arms.  Tenchi knelt down before Ryoko and embraced 
her as well.  The pain of seeing Wa-Oka give herself to Kagato sent chills down 
her spine, causing her to shiver in Washu's and Tenchi's arms.  Ayeka looked to 
the stars, wondering what Kagato could possibly have in mind for the universe, 
for Jurai...but most of all for earth.  "I am going after her"  Ayeka said.  
Tenchi and the others looked to her in surprise.  Why would the princess want to 
go after Wa-Oka?  She looked to them, "I am going after Wa-Oka.  If she is as 
powerful as Ryoko, then the all of Jurai...the earth...possibly the universe 
will come crumbling down.  I cannot sit by and watch that happen.  No matter how 
much I may not want this, it seems the fate of this wor!
ld and others are in our hands.  I refuse to let evil triumph this day."

Ryoko looked at Ayeka.  She could see the nobility hidden behind her eyes as she 
called upon her two guards to help prepare her for the journey ahead.  
"Ayeka...wait" Ryoko called out, "I...I'll go with you."
"I'll go too" Tenchi said with a stern look upon his face.  Washu sighed and 
looked around, "Hey, don't forget about the number one genius in the Universe, 
here.  I'm going as well, I mean after all, Wa-Oka is my child as well.  And 
besides, you need a few of my inventions to help you locate and get passed 
Kagato's defenses."

"So it is settled.  We are going after Kagato...but who's going to watch after 
Sasami?"

"Oh, I'm sure grandpa wouldn't mind watching Sasami.  After all, she IS a great 
help around the house" Tenchi said in his polite manner.  Washu held Ryoko in 
her arms and carried her back to the house.  The others looked at Washu in 
surprise, but figured that since she was over 20,000 years old, she would be 
stronger than her appearance let on.  "Come on, everyone.  We need to get to my 
lab and make a plan.  It's no use in going after Kagato if we don't have an idea 
of what we're up against."  Washu knew what Kagato was planning:  Revenge.  She 
didn't play with the idea too long, but still the feeling of sorrow filled her 
heart as she remembered Wa-Oka sacrifice.   >>Wa-Oka<< she thought, cradling 
Ryoko in her arms, >>What are you planning?  I pray to the goddesses for your 
safety...be careful<<

They finally reached her lab, careful not to touch many of the things lying upon 
the cluttered floor.  "I'm going to contact Kiyone and Mihoshi.  I know that 
Kagato probably planned for them to leave, so we would have an advantage if they 
could attack him as well from another position."  Washu went on to explain 
possible tactic, but Ryoko's mind still thought back to Wa-Oka.  >>Wa-
Oka...why?<< she thought, trying to fight back her tears.
