Please don't sue me!!!!



Washu's Li'l Girl - Chapter 3: "Kami's Capture"



(Kami is captured, and she reveals a secret about herself...)

Ryoko - Narrating (of course, who else?!?)

"Dear Kagato,

Washu has created a new superhuman creature named Kami. She is ever stronger
than me (erases) Ryoko, and can turn in to a cat. She would be just perfect
for your evildoing!

Sincerely,

Your Secret Advisor"

That oughta do it. Once I mail this, Kami will be off my hands forever. And
she can't steal Tenchi! Ahahaha. I amaze

myself! Well, I guess I'll put this in the Space mailbox.

(Ryoko walks out and puts the letter in the mailbox. Akita is outside
sweeping, and is curious to what Ryoko is up to.)

Akita - Whatcha doin', Ryoko?

Ryoko - Um, I'm mailing a letter to....

Akita - To who?!?!

Ryoko - Tenchi.

Akita - Why didn't you just give it to him? And, its also

in the Space mailbox. You're gonna hafta move it to the Earth mailbox.

Ryoko - I DON'T CARE! MIND YOUR OWN BUSINESS BRAT!

Akita - okay...

(Akita begins to sweep again.)

Well, that brat nearly cost me my scheme! Hmmm, I'm bored. I guess I'll go
see what Kami is doing.

(Ryoko flies through the house, to find her nowhere. Washu is asleep, so she
is not paranoid.)

What the? Well, I guess shes...OH CRAP! She better not be in...Oh CRAP.

(Ryoko goes through the dimensional tunnel, to find Kami on Tenchi's bed,
sniffing his pillow. Kami sighs and smiles, unknowing of Ryoko.)

Ryoko - KKAAMMII!!!!! What do you think you're doing?!?!?!

Kami - Um, nothing....SO LEAVE ME ALONE!

Kami fires an electricity beam from her left wrist. I dodge easily.

Ryoko - You know Tenchi is mine, no use getting him for yourself!!

Kami starts 400 mph wind in the room, knocking me down, and everything in
the room is all over. Kami snaps twice in her face, and the wind stops and
everything is clean, except me, I am on the floor! I shoot a ray at her
head. She blocks with her shield.

Kami - I hate you, your the suckiest sister anyone could

have!! I wish you could be nice!

What-EVER. She flies out crying. I follow her and grasp her neck.

Ryoko - By this time tomorrow, you will be Kagato's slave!!

Kami(crying) - What?!?! You didn't!!!

Ryoko - I DID, and Tenchi will remain mine...forever!

Kami obviously gets very pissed, and instead of shrinking to a cat, she grew
into a humongous girl! My hand broke trying to grasp her. I healed it
quickly, and grew large too. We busted the roof open, and she flew to beside
the lake. I followed, and we fought until I had her pinned. Then, stupidly,
she shrank to a cat and scurried into the house. I shrank down. By then it
was dark and I was tired, so I slept and dreamt of Tenchi. TENCHI AND
KAMI!!!! I shook my head awake and gagged in disgust. I thought about Washu
and what she would think about this. I unconsciously went to Kami's room and
erased her memory about it. (I just figured out I had this power!)I walked
back to my room and went back to sleep.

MORNING

Sasami and Akita cook a delicious breakfast, but I laughed when Akita
spilled hot grease on her hand...I know, I'm a sadist! Anyway, about 2 hours
later, a huge spaceship lands on the lakefront. It's Kagato!! At Washu's
sight of this, I think she wets her pants!!! Ahahahaha. She swirls on a new
pair of clothes and tells Kami to go to Tenchi's apartment. I freeze Kami in
midair and throw her outside. Washu is very pissed at the sight of this, and
she runs outside. By that time, Kagato has teleportated Kami on his ship and
flown away. Akita and Sasami freak out.

Akita - Kami!!! She's been kidnapped!

Sasami - Oh no! Kagato got Kami!

Washu runs inside bawling and crying. She is cussing on end, and Akita and
Sasami go through the dimensional tunnel to tell Tenchi. He had just got
back for lunch. I followed slyly.

(Akita and Sasami scream, cry, and talk at the same time.)

Tenchi - Okay, okay, start over, I didn't understand a word you said!

Akita (pausing between sobs) - Kagato...came and...captured Kami and...took
her to brain..wash..her!!!

Tenchi - Oh no!!!!! We have to get her back!!

WHAT?!?! He WANTS her back?? I have to stop this! I step in front of him.

Ryoko - No, I got rid of her for a reason. So we could be together!

Tenchi - This was all of YOUR doing??? How mean, she's your own sister! You
are one sick puppy. And to think I kinda liked you once! I hate you now!!
Move out of my way. I'm going to get her back.

WHAT???????? Oh no he just didn't! I follow the three down the tunnel, to
find everyone waiting for us in Ryo-oh-ki. Against my will, I go. I'll
sidetrack them!

Washu is hyperventilating. Her little Washu dolls are going "It's okay," and
"Cheer up, we'll find her!"

She amazingly knocks one off her shoulder and the other goes away. She will
not talk to anyone. Meanwhile, Kiyone and Mihoshi are following us in the
Yagami, with their trackers on. They tell all Galaxy Police units that
Kagato is on the loose, with a captive. I don't really care, I'm happy with
out her, so I nap.

3 HOURS LATER...

I wake up to see everyone gasping and stuff like that. We are trailing
Kagato! Kami is on the screen, saying HELP!! and junk. Then Kagato comes
back on.

Kagato - Ah, Washu, what a great girl you have created. Stronger than Ryoko?
Wow! Well, gotta go, gotta get rich!

The screen pops off and Washu wails. I slap her. Tenchi grabs me by the arms
and picks me up.

Tenchi - I know it's wrong to hit a girl, but this time I can make an
exception!

He punches me, giving me a black eye!!!! HEY! Lovers don't punch eachother!

(Tenchi walks away, ordering to get on Kagato's ship. Mihoshi and Kiyone
pick him up and transport him into the ship. He walks into the ship, to be
found and captured by Kagato and put into a chamber across from Kami. Kami
screams, ordering Kagato to let Tenchi go, along with some offensive words
too. He ignores her.

We force Kagato to get on the screen. I can hear and see Kami in a glass
cage screaming. Then, judging by the look on her face, she conjures up an
idea. She fake screams, and motions her lips to say "distract him!!" Washu
and the others ask questions and things, and Kami turns totally white. A
cat-ears headband appears on her head, and whiskers come out of her cheeks.
A white with green outline halter-top appears on her, having a blue pawprint
in the middle. Then a short skirt (white with green outline) appears with a
pink paw in the left corner. Then, to finish it off, green sandals embrace
her feet. She explodes the cage and shoots out at unmeasurable speed. She
flies up abouve Kagato and Says, "I am Psycho Kitten, and I am here to
unleash my fury and make you feel my wrath!!!!!" She makes a loud, catlike
wail and shoots fire at Kagato, which makes his hair start on fire.

Kami - FEEL MY WRATH!

She then shoots him up with some electricity. He shakes it off and then
holds her in midair.

Kagato - You are mine now, and you will --

Kagato gets knocked down by a shock of a silverdisc. Who is this girl who
attacked Kagato? Kami fell to the ground, gasping for breath.

Akita - Its Nytaki!!!

Ny-who-ki? She has Bright green hair, split into 2 braids. She is very
pissed. She knocks Kagato in the head with a silverdisc, her own creation,
to make him unconscious for approximately 5 minutes. Kami, um, Psycho Kitten
shakes her head and gets up. She races to Tenchi and busts his cage open.
Tenchi falls out and picks Kami up, hugging her.

Tenchi - are you okay? I am SO sorry!

Kami - I guess. Put me down. I got some serious work to do.

Tenchi hugging Kami? NO! Anyway, Kagato was awakening when Nytaki threw
another silverdisc at him. He picked it up with ESP and hurled it at Nytaki,
knocking her out. He picked the silverdisc back up and threw it at Tenchi.
He created the Lighthawk Wings and blocked it. Kami shot all her powers ot
once. Kagato's shield burned out and he lost a quarter of his power. He then
got a mirror, and Kami was not paying attention. He got all the powers and
rays to shoot at Kami! This knocked her down. Nytaki was coming to. By now,
Washu was determined to help. Mihoshi and Kiyone took her and Akita to
Kagato's ship. Laser beams, rays, and all kinds of things were shooting in
there! Kami flew up and did a midair backflip to kick the lightning beam at
Kagato. He still was armed with the mirror. This made it point at
unsuspecting Akita, who was badly injured. Nytaki went to her aid, and
Kagato made a glass cage three times thicker than the others around them.
Kam! i had a hard time even chipping it, and she could not break it open to
free them! One of Nytaki's silverdiscs was on the floor, and Washu picked it
up. She threw it poorly and weakly, and it ended up hitting her from
Kagato's throw. She was encased in a thick glass cage with the silverdisc
also. Then it was just Tenchi and Psycho Kitten, or Kami, or whatever.

Kiyone and Mihoshi were instructed to leave the case alone. The force had
reinforcements coming, but they were stuck in an asteroid field. Kagato had
closed his ship off, so me, Ayeka, and Sasami remained on Ryo-oh-ki.

Kami - Stop this nonsense! I command you!

Kagato - Shut up weakling, I command YOU to be under my control!

(He picks her up, and hypnotizes her. He has told her that she is against
Tenchi. She begins to shed her claws out of her fingers. She flies up,
evilness in her eyes. She flashes down and pounces on Tenchi, drawing blood.
Tenchi just stays there. Kami gets her waves crossed, good-evil,
kill-unharm, shoot-embrace, and she faints. Kagato shoots her, and she dies.

Tenchi - NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!

Akita, Nytaki, and Washu scream. Ayeka and Sasami gasp. I feel strangely
bad, and guilty. I didn't hate her, just despised her. Tenchi is on the
ground crying now. Washu has fainted, and Akita ans Nytaki are crying. Kami
emits a glow, and...she AWAKES???

Kami - Silly fool, I have 9 lives! (changes echoing voice to normal) Um...8
now. (returns to echoing voice) So you cannot kill me!

I seem to think this is a stupid idea. Now hes gonna like shoot her 8 times
or something. I was right, but she only got shot 3 times. Her shield was
failing and her powers are out-of-whack. 5 lives to go. Tenchi stands before
her half dead body, glowing.

Tenchi - You want her? You gotta get through me first.

Kagato whips out a sword, and Tenchi has Tenchi-ken. They fight for a few
minutes, and Tenchi is hit very hard on the head, making him unconscious.
Kami is awake and is totally pissed. She slices his face with her claws. He
bleeds, but is otherwise unharmed. He plunges the sword into her heart,
using up a life. She has four. Tenchi is not breathing.

Kami - TENCHI!! TENCHI!! ANSWER ME PLEASE!!!!!! NOOOOOO!

Tenchi is...DEAD!!

(Ryoko cries)

(Kagato shoots her two times. He starts to shoot her again, but her shield
comes back. She falls over Tenchi's limp body. She glows so bright,
everything glows white. When all clears, Tenchi has opened his eyes. Kami
sacificed her last life so Tenchi could live! Kami is dead on the floor.
Kagato using his ESP picks up Kami and puts her in a clear glass box, laying
her down as if she were in a coffin. Tenchi just now realizes what Kami did.
Tenchi whimpers, but knows what he has to do. The powers of Tokimi, Tsunami,
and Washu flow out of him as he annihilates Kagato. HE yells as he hurls out
at him. After a few minutes, Kagato lay dead. Tenchi finds the key to the
glass cages and lets everyone out. Everyone transports to Ryo-oh-ki and they
get Kami's glass coffin and lays it in the middle of them. Everyone puts
their crystals together to revive her. They end up giving her the nine lives
she needs, and she awakes. She glows and returns to the normal K! ami. She
remembers it all though.

Tenchi - You're OKAY!!!

He picks her up and hugs her tightly.

Tenchi - You saved my life. Why, Kami?

Kami - Because, because...I love you!

They kiss, but for some strange reason, it doesn't bother me. Everyone seems
unbothered. They just look at them together. Everyone is happy. I guess we
better go home!

(Ryo-oh-ki and Yagami fly back to Earth.)

Akita - This ROCKS!

It seems as this would be the last, but it is not! It may take me a while to
think of something new...so bear with me people!!

Stay tuned for the next story, which has no title yet!!

PUH-LEEEEZE tell me what you think!!!!!! Even if you hated it, tell me!!! Or
tell your friends about this story, please!!!

moony4113@yahoo.com

Thank you!

=^..^=