=========================================================================

DISCLAIMER: This is one part of a multi-part story. It has been modified
as a .txt document for the Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive
(www.tmffa.com) and can be viewed with its original bold/italics at
FanFiction.Net (www.fanfiction.net).

"Tenchi Muyo!", Washu, and all related images and properties are (c)
Pioneer and AIC Animation. This is a work of fan-fiction. The author has
received no monterary compensation. Any attempt to profit from this
document in any way is punishable by law.

To leave feedback, send fan-art, or make arrangements to host this fic on
your website, please contact me at takisjoh@msu.edu

=========================================================================

                              WASHU'S LULLABY
                           A "Tenchi Muyo!" Novel

                                     by
                                 John Takis

=========================================================================

                                - PART III -
                                 THE LOVER

=========================================================================



The tree was not especially tall, but it was very wide. Long branches 
arced down from a height of about three meters. It formed an almost 
umbrella-like shape, and the thick canopy of leaves completed the 
impression, creating a ten-meter covered area.

It was here, laid back on the loamy earth, that Washu rested, letting her 
mind wander as her skin soaked up the tiny patches of sunlight that had 
managed to filter through the foliage. She wriggled comfortably inside 
her casual clothes -- one of the many benefits of being a post-doctoral 
student. The old uniform had long since been discarded in favor of a red 
vest over a loose white blouse and a soft hand-spun skirt.

This was a private place, one of several that Washu had designated during 
her undergraduate years. Celebrity had been trying, though the constant 
attention was finally beginning to fade. She craved time to herself, and 
the isolated copses and gardens between her new residence and the 
Graduate Center provided just that. They needed a little help, of course. 
After all, alone meant alone ... the most benign custodian or meandering 
student could still be an unwelcome distraction. That help took the shape 
of an energy field -- nothing complex: just a simple unobtrusive barrier. 
Anyone attempting to pass would suddenly find themselves facing the 
opposite direction. And if they ever got around to researching the matter, 
Washu would be long-gone.

The technique had thus far proven to be an effective deterrent. So she 
was especially surprised when a young man in casual dress lifted a branch 
and walked inside. He had light bronze skin and wavy golden hair that 
framed a face which was firmly buried in a book. Only his unusually long 
ears were visible on either side of the open volume, and he walked 
several steps towards the trunk before she realized that he wasn't going 
to stop.

She sat up quickly. "Hey! How did you get in here?"

The man looked up, startled. His eyes widened, and he took a few awkward 
steps to one side. The book he had been carrying tumbled from his hands. 
"I'm ... I'm sorry. I didn't know ... Please excuse me." Hastily, he 
reached for another branch and pushed through, stumbling over her book-
bag.

Washu jumped up in alarm. "Wait! Not that way! There's a ..."

She was too late. The bushes around the tree obscured the fact that the 
garden was perilously close to the border of a tall cliff.

The man disappeared from view with a small cry of alarm. Washu launched 
herself through the tangled branches, seizing onto a thick one with her 
left hand and grabbing out with her right. Her fingers closed around a 
flailing limb and she pulled back hard. There was a cracking of wood as 
she tumbled sideways, rolling over the hedge, his arm still firmly in her 
grasp. Moments later, the two were sitting entangled and breathless on 
the ground outside the tree.

He stared at her, panting. "Thank you! I thought I was dead!"

Washu rose to her feet and brushed herself off. "The automatic anti-
gravity generators would've probably saved you." She flashed him a small 
grin. "Still, it was awfully clumsy of you Niwase Mikamo-kun."

He looked puzzled as he rose. "Wh ... why do you know my name? I mean, 
how did you ..." he trailed off. "Have we met?" His gaze drifted from 
Washu's spiky length of red hair, down the length of her slim body, and 
then back to her eyes. The intensity of his stare surprised her, and she 
gave back as much. "I'm sure I would have remembered." He suddenly 
blushed and looked down at his feet. "I'm sorry ..."

Washu smiled, and lifted a hand to smooth back her rumpled hair. "It's 
hot out here." She indicated the gap they had torn in the foliage. "Come 
on in."

Mikamo remained where he was, shifting from foot to foot uncomfortably.

"What is it?" she asked.

"I ... I'm terribly sorry for interrupting you. I was just walking around 
thinking to myself. I wasn't paying attention. I ... I am sorry to invade 
your privacy."

Washu laughed. The brief action had gotten her blood pumping, and there 
was something charming about the involuntary intruder. Suddenly, company 
didn't seem so bad. "Don't worry about it. It's not like this is the 
little girls room or anything. Come on."

"Yes, but ..."

She batted her eyelashes -- a trick Naja had taught her. She'd never 
intended to use it, of course. "You don't want to spend time with me?"

"Of course!" he blurted out. A moment later, his cheeks colored.

Washu laughed again. At least he <wanted> to be polite. "By the way, how 
did you get through the branches, anyway? I set up an energy field, you 
know." She ran a finger along the side of her chin. "Perhaps it's broken."

He shook his head earnestly. "No, no, I don't think it would be broken. 
I ... you see, sometimes when I'm walking around lost in thought, I ... 
I end up in places where I shouldn't be. Places that are supposed to be 
protected. Professor Ikuma told me I have some sort of genetic deviation 
in the probability matrix. I guess you could call me inherently lucky." 
He grinned, indicating the broken branches. "Guess I wasn't so lucky 
today, huh?"

Washu smirked. "I'm insulted!"

"Oh, I didn't mean ..." this time his face relaxed into a reciprocal 
grin.

"Luck, huh? Sounds like something Ikuma would be interested in. Be 
careful, Mikamo -- you might end up the subject of one of his anatomy 
lectures."

Mikamo paled. Professor Ikuma's infamous anatomy lectures -- 
affectionately dubbed "anatomization" by the student body -- involved 
lots of students ... and very few clothes.

"How do you know my name?" he asked again. "Isn't this the first time 
we've met?"

Washu's eyes tilted back in her head and she tapped one temple in an 
exaggerated show of recollection. "There was this student in my first 
class ... I'm new here, you know ... anyway, this guy, he had a nice 
warm seat in the sun. He slept from beginning to end. His name was Niwase 
Mikamo." She smiled wryly. "He looked a lot like you."

Mikamo suddenly became intently interested with the cloth over his 
shoulder. "Oh, right. About that ..." He looked up suddenly, as if seeing 
her for the first time. "You're Dr. Washu, aren't you!"

She nodded. "It's a very comfortable seat, especially during this season. 
The sun shines the longest there, you know."

"Yes," he said, looking up. "I calculated it."

"I love that spot too." They smiled at each other for a long moment, 
Mikamo flushing a deep red. Then the mellifluous sound of the nearest 
clock rang through the air, signaling the end of the lunch break. Washu 
reached behind the canopy and retrieved her book-bag. "Take care. If you 
fall asleep again, I may have to anatomize you myself." She winked and 
tossed him his book. He turned to hurry away, embarrassed, but she 
followed after him.

"You like to read, huh?" she asked.

He nodded. "I prefer it to data-cards."

"Me too."

"I like it because you can see the information in a different way. I get 
so tired of staring at numbers. Words are glorious. It's like ... they 
have some sort of power all their own, and ..."

"I like the smell of old books," Washu interjected.

"... I love the smell of old books," he finished simultaneously, their 
voices overlapping.

They stopped and stared at each other. Then they both began to laugh.

"How lovely!" Washu giggled. She drew herself up in mock-pomp. "Mikamo-
kun, I hereby admit you as the first official member of the Book-Loving 
Club. Henceforth you are always welcome to enter beneath the umbrella-
tree."

He grinned. "Thank you very much. But ..."

"What is it?"

"Well, if I'm number one, where does that leave Dr. Washu?"

"I'm the advisor," Washu smiled, and winked again. A tremor ran through 
her when he smiled back. What was this now? There was a knot in her chest. 
Something tight with hope and anticipation. She continued looking into 
his eyes, and she knew that if she never saw him again she would never 
forget what she saw there. Somehow, Mikamo had touched something in her 
heart she hadn't known existed.

It was, she was surprised to realize, not an entirely unpleasant feeling.

                                   * * *

It didn't take Naja long to notice the change in Washu's attitude. It 
took her even less time to guess the cause.

"Welcome home, Washu," she said happily.

Washu looked around, vaguely distracted. This room was bigger than any 
that had existed in their previous house, though the house itself was 
smaller and more manageable. She had purchased it because of the personal 
observatory that dominated the roof. That and the fact that the property 
included several acres of farm land, animals included. They hadn't had 
many animals back on Kanemitsu, but those few had been large and stubborn 
as sin. As a girl, she had spent many hours with a shoulder pressed up 
against the back end of some four-legged lump. <Funny the things you get 
nostalgic about,> she thought.

Still, even having bought the house, she sometimes felt like a tenant. 
The old lady who had previously owned the house continued to reside there 
on some secluded floor. Washu had insisted. It was still, after all, a 
very large house. Large enough for Naja and the maids and butler -- who 
Naja could not bear to leave behind, and who had remained devoted as ever 
to Washu.

Naja waved a hand in front of Washu's face. "Hello! Did something good 
happen to you today?"

"Something good? Oh ... no, nothing much," she replied. The smile on her 
face said otherwise.

"Ohhhhh Kay ... I see." Naja looked at Washu questioningly.

"What?" Washu asked innocently.

Before Naja could respond, one of the maids stepped out of the kitchen. 
"Dr. Washu. Dinner is ready."

"Thank you. We're coming," Washu said quickly and brushed by Naja into 
the kitchen. She tried to keep her step light.

Watching her, Naja blinked. With a flash of awareness, her eyes lit up. 
"That attitude ..." she leapt out of her chair triumphantly. "I sense 
this is related to a man!!" she shouted.

In an instant, Naja was surrounded by maids.

"Oooh, really? Has Dr. Washu got a boyfriend?"

"Is it true?"

"She looks perfectly normal to me."

"I don't see anything."

"That's 'cause you're not <geniuses> like me!" Naja cried, laughing 
wildly. The maids tittered amongst themselves in awe. "You can't fool me, 
Washu-chan!!"

"Oh, I envy her," whispered Mei, a small girl with long purple hair. "I 
don't remember the last time I had a date."

That made Naja frown. She hadn't had a boyfriend in so many years, she'd 
lost count. She strode haughtily into the kitchen and planted her palms 
on the table. Washu sat across from her, innocuously sipping her soup.

"It's Niwase Mikamo, isn't it?" Naja demanded. Washu almost dropped her 
spoon. Pretending to be calm, she wiped her mouth with her napkin and 
looked back at Naja, who smiled significantly. "I saw you looking at him 
in class. He's a very special student, you know. Born on planet Shitori. 
Twenty-seven years old. He's the third son of a very influential family. 
He got sent to the Academy as part of a rapprochement contract between 
Jurai and his home planet. But he got into the philosophy department on 
his own merits." She leered. "Now that he's getting private lessons with 
Associate Professor Washu, I'm sure his score and evaluation will be 
doubled."

"Now hang on a second!" Washu leapt to her feet, striking the table. 
"Whaddaya mean by 'private lesson?' "

Naja looked away. "I'm just stating an objective fact," she said in a 
cool voice.

"Now look here, there's nothing between me and him! He found my reading-
place." She sat back down, gripping her hand where she had struck it 
against the wood.

"I see. So you called him to your library, is that it?"

"That's a gross distortion of the facts!" Washu placed her hands on her 
hips. "And you say you belong to the Department of Philosophy!"

"I'm just guessing, Washu-chan." Naja laughed. "Still, it looks like I 
struck a nerve."

Washu spluttered in protest, then noticed the crowd of maids spilling 
through the kitchen doorway.

"Congratulations, Dr. Washuuuu!" they cried with one voice.

"Wha ... what?" she stammered.

"We knew this day would come!" Mei gushed.

"We didn't expect it so early!" Mikoto was practically swooning.

"What are you talking about?"

"I really envy you, Dr. Washu!"

"I'm so happy for you!"

Washu stared dumbfounded into the army of glowing faces. "I have nothing 
to do with him."

"<Him>!" one of the maids squealed. "Did you hear that? She called 
Mikamo-san <him>! Did you hear the way she said it? Did you hear?"

The maids crowded around Washu, murmuring blessings of good fortune. 
Behind her, Naja was whispering to herself dramatically. "First her lover 
is disclosed. Then ... dating! Engagement! Marriage! <Childbirth>!"

"Aaaaaaaaah!" Washu cried out. "There's nothing between us! Really!" But 
the maids only laughed and Naja just grinned. Washu sighed. Philosophy 
be damned. She knew when she was beaten. And she allowed herself a small 
smile.

                                   * * *

Washu and Mikamo met again three days later at the Graduate Center's 
outdoor fountain.

"You got my note," Washu smiled.

Mikamo nodded. "I found it at ... at the 'clubhouse.' "

Washu laughed. "I thought we could go to my place," she said. "I have a 
private library I've been building over the years. We could look through 
some of the old books together. Plan our next ... our next meeting."

He held out a hand and she realized she was shaking. Tentatively she 
reached out. Their skin made contact. It felt impossibly warm.

"That would be lovely," he said.

Washu gave his hand a squeeze and smiled, though she was sure it was 
coming across as a dopey grin. <You've never been self-conscious in your 
life. Don't start now.> They stared at each other without speaking. The 
smirk or whatever it was seemed like plastic on her face. <He's not 
letting go. Am I sweating? This is as far as I ever got on Kanemitsu! 
What the hell happens next? You're a mature woman, for crying out loud! 
You ought to know this! What would Naja do? Naja would ... No! Don't 
think what Naja would do! God, he's still staring at you. Look at his 
eyes. No! No, don't look at his eyes! I mean ... well why the hell 
shouldn't you look at his eyes? They're blue, and soft, and damn you 
Washu, why aren't you saying anything! He'll think you don't have 
anything to say. But you don't have anything to say. But HE shouldn't 
know that! How long has it been? Thirty seconds? A minute? Longer?>

"Would you like to get dinner first?"

Her smile broke. "Huh?" <He asked you to dinner, moron!> "Oh! Um ... 
yeah. That would be great. Let me check my schedule." She flicked her 
wrist and a transparent data-panel opened between them, numbers scrolling 
up the screen. <Pick the place. Don't get all submissive on him. Show 
some more aggression. Men like that.> "Where would you like to eat?" 
<D'oh!>

                                   * * *

>From the other side of the fountain, Dr. Clay's eyes widened in surprise 
as he recognized the familiar figures. "Interesting," he said to himself. 
"Washu and that boy. What are they doing?" Looking around to make sure no 
one was watching, he reached into his pocket, withdrew a small metal 
object, and held it up to his face.

Moments later he was struck from behind. The next thing he knew he was 
lying face-up in the fountain, water pouring down on his face. He 
spluttered and sat up, rubbing at his eyes. When his vision cleared, he 
saw Akara Naja glowering at him from the sidewalk.

"Get lost, Clay," she said coldly. "This doesn't concern you."

Before he could respond, Washu moved into view. Clay looked around. The 
foreign boy was gone. Washu leaned over and examined him. For a moment, 
he thought she was going to offer him a hand up. But she only squinted.

"Are you trying to grow a beard or something? Looks kinda scraggly."

Clay growled in frustration. "Washu ..."

"That's <Dr.> Washu to you, fat-head! The greatest scientific genius in 
the Academy!"

"Talk," spat Clay. "The fact that you got through the doctoral program 
first means nothing!" Even in his watery state, he managed a smug grin. 
"After all, you're still teaching, while I've moved on to advanced 
administrative duties."

Washu snorted. "Yeah. How are things at the Office of Biological Waste 
Disposal?" Clay turned dark purple.

"Never mind him," Naja sighed, taking Washu by the shoulder and leading 
her away. "Tell me everything! Did he ask you out?"

In a supreme demonstration of self-control, Clay ignored them, removing 
himself from the fountain with as much dignity as he could possibly 
muster, self-consciously wiping the beads of water from his (rather nice, 
he thought) beard. He watched as the figures of Naja and Washu moved into 
the distance.

When he was quite sure they were gone, he hurried to the nearest park 
bench and plucked the metal device from his sleeve. He pushed a button 
and waited impatiently while a small screen materialized. His wide lips 
turned upwards in a diabolical grin. Floating in front of him was a 
crystal-clear image of Washu holding hands with the Shitori student.

He knew just where to take it.

                                   * * *

Washu paced impatiently on the library's second floor. Light shone in 
through the tall windows, casting a dusty glow on the impossibly high 
shelves of ancient texts. Naja sat at the two-person table, casually 
flipping through a book that looked like it might fall apart any moment. 
Her silvery hair looked almost bronze in the tinted light, and a small 
pair of frameless reading glasses perched on the end of her nose.

"Relax," she said. "He'll be here."

Washu stopped pacing and looked at her friend in consternation. "Then 
shouldn't you be gone?"

"How was dinner?"

"Fine. I like everything. You know that."

"That's not what I meant."

Washu spun around. "I know what you meant! Did it ever occur to you that 
I might want some privacy?"

Naja nodded and casually turned a page. "Of course. So did he kiss you?"

Washu turned bright red. "That is none of your business!"

Naja smirked. "So he <did> kiss you! Washu-chan, I didn't know you had it 
in you!"

"He did <not> kiss me! We held hands! That's as far as it got, smart 
girl!"

She shrugged. "Well, that's <some> information anyway."

"When <are> you leaving, anyway?"

Naja looked up and closed the book. "Right now," she whispered.

Washu turned around and swallowed. Mikamo was standing there, a smile on 
his face. She swallowed. "Hi!" she blurted out. "Um ... we were just ..." 
she turned to indicate the table, but Naja was nowhere to be seen. Washu 
smiled. "Won't you sit down?"

"Of course," he said, still smiling. He pulled out a chair for her, then 
took his place opposite her. "This is a beautiful place you've created."

Washu cleared her throat and opened a book she had selected. "I found 
this text this morning. I thought you might be interested. It's an 
ancient document on formulas involving chance. Ancient Minagin notation."

His eyes lit up, and he ran a hand across the texture of the pages. It 
brushed against hers briefly and she shivered. "Fascinating," he said. 
"Thank you. I'd been meaning to ask you ... there are some subspace 
equations I'd like your opinion on."

Four books and five conversations later, Washu was surprised to hear the 
evening bell ring. She checked her watch. It had seemed like mere minutes 
had passed.

"Would you look at that?" she said, smiling at him. "Time flies when 
you're having fun. How do you like that? It's my new temporal mechanics 
thesis." He smiled, but Washu thought she detected a trace of sadness in 
his expression. She frowned. "Is something wrong?"

He turned his head towards the window, staring at the sunset. "You always 
know just where to sit," he said quietly. She felt her heart catch in her 
throat. A tightness crept over her. Something was wrong.

Mikamo turned back to her, and at the look in his eyes made her heart 
skip a beat. What's more, he was holding back. That only made her heart 
work faster. "I want to be totally honest with you, Washu. Because ... 
because I think I have felt something these past few days. Something 
that, quite frankly, is beyond me. But I think I like it. And ..." he 
blushed slightly. "And I think you felt it too."

Mutely, she nodded.

"Dr. Washu ..."

<Here it comes,> she thought. <Try not to faint or make a fool of 
yourself.>

"Washu, how much do you know about my past?"

She frowned. "You're from Shitori ... some sort of exchange student. 
Through a government program, right?"

"According to my student file, yes." He sighed. "Washu, I was born on 
Seniwa."

Washu's face twitched. That was bad. Not as bad as she might have 
imagined. But <Seniwa> ... It was an enormous nation: an alliance of 943 
interplanetary governments, and one of the major superpowers in the 
Galactic Union -- the institution which dominated half the galaxy and 
was currently locked in cold war with the Jurai Empire. The Seniwa 
Protectorate was renowned for its rigorous enforcement of immigration 
and emigration to the point of almost total seclusion. Some even claimed 
the nation was stricter with its foreign policy than the Jurai Royal 
Space Academy.

<What's a Seniwa noble doing here at the very brain of their greatest 
rival?> Washu thought. <He can't be a spy. Surely the Jurai were aware 
of his presence.> She stared into Mikamo's face, noting the restraint 
with fresh eyes. <Of course he's emotionally distant. They probably bred 
it right out of him.>

"I was born on Seniwa," Mikamo repeated.

"... so?" whispered Washu.

" 'So?' "

"So ... what does that mean?"

His face fell. "I don't know. I'm here because ..."

Washu held up a finger to his lips. "Well I don't care why you're here. 
You're here, isn't that enough?" she felt her face turn hot. Was that a 
note of pleading in her voice?

She saw his jaw tighten with resolve, and for a moment she felt her 
insides turn to jelly. Then he leaned forward. She could feel his breath 
against her face. "I ... I am going to kiss you, Washu-chan."

And then his lips were pressed against hers. Her shoulders stiffened in 
momentary panic, her wide eyes mere inches from his. He jerked back, 
flushed. "I'm sorry, I ..."

She grabbed him by the back of the neck and pulled him back. It was his 
turn to be surprised. This time the kiss lingered.

<Isn't it disgusting?> Washu had once asked Naja. <Someone else's mouth?> 
It felt good, she realized. Surprisingly, improbably good. The nearness 
of his face, his strong hands on her shoulders. His breath ...

Breath.

She pulled back, gasping for air. Mikamo's face was undergoing rapid 
emotional contortions. "What's wrong?"

She smiled at him weakly. "Nothing ... nothing. I forgot to breath 
through my nose, that's all. I've ... I've never done this before."

He looked at her in astonishment. "You haven't ... <you>?"

She frowned at him. "I don't have a reputation, do I?" There was a hint 
of anger in her voice.

He swallowed hard. "Oh, no, no. It's just ... well, I mean, a girl like 
you. I mean, as pretty as you." He colored, and her anger melted. Her 
lips twitched.

"What, you can kiss me but you can't compliment me, is that it?"

The statement appeared to touch off his sense of honor, and he 
straightened. "I would sing your praises for hours on end."

She jumped up to sit on the edge of the table, leaning forward. "Boring. 
<Show> me." <I can't believe I'm doing this.> She leaned forward, pulling 
him into an embrace. He buried his face in her hair, inhaling the heady 
fragrance of the Jurai Empearls that blossomed in some rare corners of 
the grounds. <I can't believe he's doing this!> His lips worked sound-
lessly against her neck. Electricity shot through her veins. <I can't 
believe WE are doing this. 'We' ... what a word,> she though as a small 
moan of bliss escaped her lips. <I've never been part of a 'we' before.> 
The thought made her pause; some random memory brushing ghostlike at her 
mind. <Have I?>

Something clicked in her right inner ear, and she almost fell backwards 
off the table. "<I've cleared out the lower floor,>" blared Naja's tinny 
voice, "<and I took the liberty of setting up a privacy screen. Like any 
of the maids read books. Enjoy yourselves.>"

She could almost see Naja's sly smile. So they were alone.

She pulled Mikamo's body tighter to her own. <I can feel it,> she 
wondered. <All these clothes and I can still feel him ... oh, God, it's 
hot in here.> The setting sun felt like it was inside the room, and the 
electric fire playing across her skin was met by a raging heat deep 
inside of her, like a supernova struggling to escape. Against the skin of 
her chest, the pendant in which she kept her gems seemed to blaze like a 
crucible.

Urgently, she clasped his chin and drew his lips up to meet hers. This 
kiss was not soft or cool. It was breathy and questing ... it whispered 
of passions she had never known ... that she would never have believed. 
Her heart pounded until she thought it would shake her apart. Was she 
shaking? The pulsation in her breast redoubled, and she realized that it 
was <his> heartbeat she felt, taut against the skin of his shirt.

"Show me," she whispered again.

He did.

                                   * * *

When Mikamo and Washu went downstairs the following morning, they found 
Naja in the kitchen, reading the latest newsprint over a bowl of cereal. 
She looked up at the couple and grinned. "There you are! I guess those 
books were pretty interesting if they kept you up all night studying."

"That's right," Washu repeated firmly. "Studying." But Naja noticed that 
Mikamo gave her hand an affectionate squeeze.

"We're on your side, you know," she said, waving her spoon at Mikamo. 
"Don't forget."

Mikamo smiled. "I won't." He leaned over and kissed Washu gently on the 
cheek.

Naja snickered, and Washu blazed with a combination of embarrassment and 
pride. Naja waved a hand dismissively. "Oh, lighten up, Washu. Have a 
human emotion once and a while. So you have a boyfriend. So you're lucky. 
He's cute."

Now Mikamo blushed. He cleared his throat and straightened up. "There is 
a party this weekend at the Great Hall. You both are welcome to attend, 
of course. You'll be there, won't you?"

"Of course we will," Washu said. "I've got an outfit I've been saving for 
an occasion like this.

Naja raised an eyebrow. "Really? I haven't seen anything in your closet."

Washu chuckled. "This one doesn't need a closet." Naja looked shocked and 
Washu realized the implication. "Oh, it's not what you're thinking," she 
scolded. "You either," she told Mikamo.

"Perish the thought," he grinned. It was plain he hadn't.

"Besides," Washu said, turning back to Naja. "You could use the exposure, 
if you know what I mean." She grinned deviously and attached herself to 
Mikamo's arm. "You're not getting any younger, after all."

Naja batted her eyes innocently. "None of us are, dear. So Mikamo-san, do 
you have any cute friends?"

                                   * * *

The Great Hall lived up to its name. 300 meters on each side, the massive 
stone ceiling was supported by four towering columns. Smaller columns 
held up an ornate mezzanine that ringed the entire room. The ceiling was 
vaulted, centering around an enormous golden dome, carved in almost 
infinite detail with the mathematical principles that had been defined 
through the ages. Paintings and works of art covered the walls around the 
mezzanine floor. The rest was covered with tapestries of every 
nationality and color. The auditorium-style seating had been removed for 
the occasion, and the floor was a complicated network of carpet and tiles 
that was hardly visible beneath the massive tide of students. A raised 
stage rose up at one end of the room, where the Royal Jurai Symphony was 
deftly performing some exotic waltz.

Washu and Mikamo were close to the symphony in the wide area reserved for 
dancing. She wore a strapless pink dress that flared out from the waist. 
Her mane of hair was adorned by a golden tiara. He wore a pure-white suit 
of formal cut, laced with gold trim that complemented his tawny hair. 
Spinning, clasped close together at the waist, their appearance was 
evocative of some exotic hybrid flower.

"You dance beautifully," he told her.

She smiled. "It's my first time."

"You're joking, surely."

"Nope." The dance shifted and she rested one cheek against his shoulder, 
enjoying the sensation of the cool, silky fabric against her skin. "I 
watched the others while we were having our drinks. I'm a fast learner."

He kissed her hair. "Definitely."

"Hmmm ..." she closed her eyes and drifted lazily against him, her feet 
gliding across the floor.

Mikamo stumbled slightly. "Can you see where you're going?"

"Don't have to. The Jurai are predictable dancers."

He gave a small laugh. "And you are a genius."

"Who, me? I'm just an innocent little ingenue!"

"Of course," he whispered.

"So," she said, opening her eyes and looking around. "This is a big 
social event. Any family here?" He stiffened. "Did I say something 
wrong?"

He grimaced. "I'm the only Seniwa allowed on the planet."

Her eyebrows lifted in concern. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"I didn't tell you." A tremor ran through his shoulders, and though his 
position did not change she felt as if he had drawn away ... like his 
soul had retreated into his body. His eyes were fixed on some undefined 
point behind her. "There's a lot I have to tell you."

Determined to draw him out, she pressed closer against him. He seemed to 
relax slightly. "Do they keep in contact?"

"Sometimes I hear from my grandfather. I ... I told him about you."

"Already? Should I be flattered or worried?"

He smiled. "My sweet Washu. I've taken risks on your account. What do 
<you> think?"

A small frown appeared on her face. "I think we've shared something very 
special. I think we're not through yet. I don't want you to get hurt."

His brow narrowed and his voice betrayed a hint of bitter irony. "Oh, I'm 
untouchable. If the truth about me ever came out, I'd be bigger news than 
you were." He smirked. "No offense."

She laughed. "Don't make me take you down a notch." Her eyes flashed 
mischievously. "You might enjoy it," she whispered.

"You <are> a fast learner."

"You're a good teacher."

"You give me too much credit. I'm hardly, shall we say, 'prolific.' "

She laughed harder. "My, what interesting word-use one picks up from 
books."

He beamed with affection. His right hand reached up to her face, the 
smooth fabric of his glove caressing the smoothness of her face as he 
gently nudged a strand of pink-red hair behind her ear.

"Washu-chan, there's something I want to ask you. Is there someplace we 
can go to be alone?"

                                   * * *

<Of course he has cute friends,> Naja thought bitterly. <And naturally 
they all had to have cute dates. Damn you, Washu.> She let out an 
exasperated sigh at the injustice of the universe. <Where have they 
gotten to, anyway?>

The symphony swelled as she approached the dance floor, narrowly evading 
a rush of students and patrons. Every shape, size and species in the 
Academy had turned out. The crowd was a mosaic of shifting colors. Naja 
was tall enough to stand out, her silver high-necked dress gleaming as 
she glided between couple after couple. <And not a wallflower in sight.> 
She craned her long neck, searching for some trace of spiky red hair.

Washu found her first, but Naja wasn't sure she was happy about that. Her 
face was pale, her eyes wide. The golden tiara sat slightly askew on her 
head, and the gorgeous strapless pink dress she had mysteriously produced 
was creased awkwardly in several places. Naja was so struck by the sight 
that she instantly felt a twinge of alarm.

"Is everything alright, Washu?"

Washu was trembling. "We need to find somewhere private ... somewhere we 
can talk."

"Of course." Naja took Washu by the arm and led her between two of the 
massive columns. There was a small door there. Naja opened it, and the 
pair found themselves in an elegant, if tiny, room. Naja locked the door 
behind them and sat down on a green-cushioned couch. She motioned for 
Washu to sit down next to her.

Washu did so gratefully. "Tell me, Naja, am I crazy?"

Naja smiled. "Of course. You wouldn't be the number-one genius in the 
Academy otherwise. It sure wasn't sanity that beat out Yume in the 
Centannual Science Fair."

Washu smiled faintly, but the expression did not last. "Naja, do you ... 
do you think maybe ... this is all moving so fast."

"Is it something with Mikamo? Did he say something to hurt you?"

Washu looked up at Naja with gleaming eyes. "Naja, he proposed to me."

"Washu-chan! That's wonderful!"

Washu did not smile. "Are you certain? His family ..."

"His family is his family."

"He says he asked his grandfather ... the head of Seniwa, can you believe 
it? So now I'm an official bride candidate. Of course, we'd have to wait 
until the opening of their country before anything official ..."

"What about <him>? Washu, do you love him?"

Washu's smooth forehead creased in anxiety. "I suppose I must. I've never 
felt anything like this before. It's like flying." She nodded her head 
firmly at the simile. "That's exactly right. It's <just> like flying, 
because I'm afraid of falling. But ... oh, I <must> love him, Naja! What 
else could it be?"

Naja placed a hand on Washu's knee. "Then what are you waiting for?"

Washu exhaled deeply. "I know so much about the world and so little about 
love. I feel like I don't have enough information to accurately assess 
the situation ..."

Naja laughed incredulously. "Washu! This isn't some sort of science 
experiment! This is romance, not research! It's not always about storing 
up data and calculating your chances. No one ever experiences real love 
without accepting risk." She paused. "Look, I know it's the most cliché 
thing ever said, but this sort of thing only comes around once a life-
time." She looked down sadly. "Trust me."

Washu managed a faint grin. "You would know <how> exactly?"

Naja gave her a faint punch on the shoulder. "Congratulations." Her lips 
began to curl up in a wicked smile. "You know," she said carefully. "If 
we make the announcement right now, this could turn into an <engagement> 
party."

Washu's eyes widened, but before she could say anything, Naja had shoved 
her off the couch to thud against the floor and was running for the door-
way. 

"Damn it, Akara!" Washu scrambled to her feet. "Don't even think about 
it! NAJA!"

But Washu was too late. And an hour later, she was too drunk and too 
happy to care.

                                   * * *

The sun had just started to rise the morning after the party when Naja 
and Washu finally stumbled home.

"I'm going to sleep for a week," Naja croaked as they marched up the 
walkway leading to the house.

"First things first," Washu moaned. "There are stairs." She fumbled with 
the door, and held it open for Naja before following her inside.

The interior of the house was dark, but Washu could discern a tiny figure 
moving towards them. "Mei? Is that you?" The girl looked at her with wide 
serious eyes. "What are you doing up? Is something wrong."

Mei's lip twitched nervously. "There's someone here to see you," she 
whispered. "In the study. They ... they let themselves in."

Naja had straightened. There was no trace of weariness on her face now. 
"Thank you, Mei," she said. "Go back to bed."

The maid bowed and retreated up the stairs. Naja and Washu walked quickly 
through the sitting room to the study doors. Naja flung them back.

"Director Ikuma!"

Ikuma looked up from where he was sitting behind the desk. Next to him 
sat a man Washu did not recognize. He was tall, with jet-black hair and 
dark glasses that obscured any view of his eyes. Neither man was smiling. 
She looked at the rest of the room and saw that the two large chairs had 
been arranged facing the desk.

She looked at Ikuma. "What is this?"

"Please sit down," he said.

"Am I to be granted an audience in my own home?"

"Sit down," the man in black echoed firmly. Washu was about to protest 
when he tossed a small metal rod towards her. She caught it. It made a 
quiet beeping noise, and then an image materialized ... a picture of her 
and Mikamo holding hands outside the fountain. "Hardly discrete of you," 
the man said. His voice was high and measured. "If you know what's good 
for you, you'll listen to what we have to say."

Washu's eyes met Naja's. Without speaking, they took their seats.

"Good," Ikuma said. "I'll cut right to the chase. You must know that 
Niwase Mikamo is Seniwa." Washu nodded. "You must also know that 
relations between Seniwa and Jurai right now are at a very ... delicate 
stage."

"What does that have to do with anything?" Washu demanded.

"Everything," the strange man said. He was plainly a government agent of 
some kind. "Seniwa has been in total seclusion for decades. Mikamo's 
presence here is very important." He leaned forward. "This information 
is reserved for top-level Jurai officials," he whispered. "If your 
servants are listening, tell them to stop."

After there was no response, he continued. "The Imperial Academy is the 
most advanced research facility in the known universe. Even rival 
families like the Seniwa view entry here as the highest form of prestige. 
And Jurai is more than happy to have them. It gives us an indispensable 
link."

Ikuma leaned forward. "<In>-dispensable," he echoed.

"What do you want," Washu demanded. "Do you want us to break off the 
engagement?" Her jaw tightened. "Because that's not going to happen."

Ikuma's lips stretched thin. "You would do well to restrain your more 
brash impulses, Dr. Hakubi. But no. No, we have no wish to cancel the 
engagement."

"Seniwa is on the verge of opening up to us," the other man continued. 
"That means big things. Jurai trade expansion, Jurai immigration, an end 
to hostilities. It's of paramount importance. The Galaxy Union isn't 
going to be taking any prisoners. Seniwa may be the point-of-leverage we 
need if we're going to come out on top."

Washu snorted. "I don't care about any of this. Get to the point."

"The point is, Seniwa is willing to open their borders to us. President 
Kuramitsu has been conducting secret meetings with the Emperor. They're 
almost ready to act." He took a deep breath. "I won't lie to you ... 
there's some opposition to the idea on both sides. Kuramitsu is very old. 
If one of his sons should take control ..."

"I get what's going on," Naja sneered. "This is about propaganda. You 
think if people rally behind Washu and Mikamo it'll work to your 
advantage." Her icy stare fell on Ikuma. "How thoughtful of you, 
<Director>."

Ikuma clenched his hands into fists. "Don't blame me for this! The 
Academy is necessarily entangled. We're the focal point!"

The agent bowed low towards Washu. "Dr. Hakubi Washu. Please. For the 
good of Seniwa and of Jurai, consider what you've heard tonight 
carefully. Our ultimate goal is unity."

"Jurai's brand of unity," Naja whispered bitterly.

The agent cocked his head. "Is there any other kind?"

Washu shifted uncomfortably. "I ... I suppose as long as we can be 
together, I suppose it's all right ..."

"I don't like it!" Naja snapped. "Invading people's homes. Jeopardizing 
people's happiness. If you ask me, it's none of your business."

The agent grinned humorlessly. "Information is our business."

"I see," Naja said. She turned to Washu. "I guess this means Jurai is 
paying for your wedding."

"Of course," the agent said.

"What about me?" Naja asked.

"I'm afraid we can't offer you money ..."

Naja snorted. "Of course."

Ikuma produced a hollow laugh. "Don't be disappointed. Your cooperation 
is valuable to us as well, Dr. Akara. You will, of course, receive a 
special scholarship. Consider all your university debts paid."

Naja's face seemed to stretch and her entire demeanor transformed in an 
instant. "Professor!" she gasped. "I ... I don't know what to say!"

The agent turned towards Washu. "There are conditions, of course. Right 
now this is a planetary affair. Until the negotiations are finished, this 
entire system is under a communications lockdown. That means no contact 
with your home planet." Washu nodded numbly. "The galaxy is watching, 
ladies. From today onward, you will be kept under surveillance. I can 
assure you we'll take special care not to disturb your private life. 
Small consolation, I know, but I hope you'll accept it in the good faith 
in which it's offered."

Washu sighed. "Mister, I've been under six kinds of surveillance since I 
got here. Right now all I want is to go to bed."

He just stared at her, eyes hidden behind those inscrutable lenses. "Then 
you agree to our conditions."

"I agree, damn you." She stood up and bowed briefly to Ikuma. "Good 
night, Director." Without waiting for Naja, she turned and left the room.

Naja moved to follow, but was stopped by a hand on her shoulder. She 
turned. It was the agent.

In front of her, Ikuma quietly closed the door. There was something hard 
and painful in his eyes. "Let Washu go to bed," he said. "I think that 
this would be a good time to discuss the terms of <your> cooperation."

                                   * * *

It was a rare overcast day. A pall of gray clouds stretched from horizon 
to horizon, dimming the sun's natural light. The fields, too, were barren; 
the harvesters had been most efficient about that. Only brown earth now, 
and the occasional tree. At least, Washu reflected, there was a touch of 
green somewhere in all that bleakness.

>From her vantage point on her room's balcony -- which was just beneath 
the observatory -- she cast her vision out over the landscape, idly 
wondering where they had hidden the surveillance devices. The nearest 
tree perhaps? An orbital satellite? The very room? It didn't really 
matter ... she had nothing to hide. But it still made her feel odd. Like 
at the monastery -- you never felt like cursing, but you couldn't curse 
if you wanted to.

There was a noise behind her as someone opened her bedroom door. Mikamo. 
She recognized his footsteps, the sound of his breathing. He was also the 
only one she would allow into her room without first knocking. He moved 
up behind her and put his hands around her waist. He rested a chin on her 
shoulder, nuzzling the side of his face against her luxuriant hair. She 
looked up at him ... eyes tracing the outline of his thin nose and elfin 
aspect ... his wide, soulful eyes. Was it any wonder she had fallen in 
love with him?

"What are you thinking?" he whispered.

"I was thinking about how nice that tree looks."

"I was thinking about your name."

She looked up at him quizzically. He smiled. "Hakubi. On my world it 
means 'the ideal choice.' "

"On Kanemitsu it means 'favored of the gods.' It was ... is ... the name 
of the monastery where I grew up."

He pressed closer against her. "I'd like to see it someday."

She swallowed. "There's ... there's something else I was thinking about. 
Something I have to tell you."

He looked down in concern. "Yes, Washu?"

She looked out over the barren field. "I ... I have this need, and I 
don't know where it comes from. Somewhere deep. Somewhere from a past I 
don't think I can remember. An ... I don't know, an urge, a <drive> ... 
to create. And I know ..." Something appeared in her eyes ... something 
ambitious and eager and quick and alive. "It's like burning, you know? 
It's eating me up inside. And I know, I <know> what I'm capable of. I 
could shine like the sun if I wanted to. I could do <anything> ..."

She trailed off, turning away from the window. "But I can't," she 
finished sadly. "I couldn't explain it to you. I can't even explain it to 
myself. And I thought ... I let myself think ..." She turned to stare 
into his eyes. "... that maybe you and I ... together ... we could create 
something." There was a catch in her voice. "And maybe I wouldn't be 
alone anymore."

He cradled her face between his hands, concern written in his expression. 
"Washu-kun ... are you lonely?"

"I'm terrified. Of your family, of the Jurai, of the whole damn Academy 
... of myself."

"Washu," he said softly. "You're in pain. I can tell." He stroked her 
cheek with the back of his hand. "It's okay to cry, you know. I'm here."

Washu laughed, and Mikamo looked wounded. "I'm sorry," she said, looking 
up at him in adoration. "It's not you. You're very sweet. I just ... 
someone else told me that a long time ago. Besides," she sniffed, "I 
don't want to cry. I'm not sad, I'm ..." She took a deep breath and 
clasped his hands together. She stared deep into his eyes.

"I'm pregnant."

He took a sharp breath.

"And I'm scared."

Her face shimmered with a combination of hope and desire. She wanted him 
to comfort her. To say something reassuring. To stroke her hair and 
whisper to her and tell her everything was all right, that it would be 
all right forever.

But he did none of these things. He took her in his arms and kissed her 
forehead tenderly and pulled her gently onto the bed. She thought perhaps 
it was the best he had to offer. She thought ... she hoped ... perhaps it 
was enough.

                                   * * *

"Pregnant!" Naja cried. "Pregnant! Washu Washu Washu Washu ..." She 
hugged Washu violently around the waist and lifted the smaller woman off 
the ground.

"Naja, I can't breathe!" Washu choked.

Wearing a childlike grin, Naja set her down on the kitchen table. "You 
won't be able to hide that! We'll <have> to have a wedding now! And I 
know the <perfect> place ..."

"Oh, no!" Washu exclaimed, holding up her hands as if to ward off some 
onrushing enemy. "It'll be a small wedding. We'll have it right here at 
the farm."

Naja's nose wrinkled. "Well <that> sounds romantic."

Washu snorted. "Trust me, where I grew up it happened all the time. 
Besides, the planet is still locked down. We can't go to Seniwa <or> 
Kanemitsu, and if I can't have Kanemitsu, I'll take the next best thing. 
Which is here. And before you get any ideas, we're keeping it small. Just 
you, me, and some of Mikamo's friends. Try and see if you can get a hold 
of Yume ... if she's not too busy taking over the universe, of course. 
Oh, and send Dr. Clay an invitation."

Naja gaped. "Clay?"

Washu sniggered evilly. "Put down the address for some big public 
facility. With any luck, he'll go bragging to the networks."

"Oh, Washu!" Naja clapped her hands hysterically. "That's perfect! Divert 
attention and humiliate Clay all at the same time." She reached forward 
to ruffle Washu's hair. "I <knew> you were the greatest genius in the 
galaxy!"

"Did you ever doubt it?"

Naja spun around and flung open a cabinet. "We've got to celebrate!" she 
cried, whisking out a tall bottle and two glasses.

"Can't" Washu smiled, patting her abdomen.

Naja rolled her eyes. "Oh, just metabolize it. The drinks, I mean." She 
set down the bottle and blinked. "What am I saying? I've got to pack!"

"What are you talking about? You're not going anywhere."

Naja looked at her as if she had just grown wings. "Are you joking? I 
can't stay here getting in the way of a newly married couple!"

"Do you know how many people are living here? There are more than a 
hundred people on our property. What difference will one more make?" Naja 
looked vaguely worried. Washu sighed. "You're just grousing because you 
know I'm not going to let you throw a huge wedding party."

"I don't want to disrupt your life, Washu," she said, turning away. "You 
should send me far away."

Her friend's distress was evident. Washu walked up from behind and threw 
her arms around the other woman in a reassuring hug. She leaned around 
and kissed Naja on the cheek.

"Naja ... I want you to stay," Washu whispered. "I want you to see us 
happy. I'm not about to let you walk out on me. Not after everything 
we've been through together."

A tear slipped down Naja's cheek. "Damn you, Washu," she whispered. She 
smiled sadly. "I'll get in the way, you'll see. Don't say I didn't warn 
you."

                                   * * *

Sixteen months later, a high-pitched cry broke the silence of Washu's 
study.

Washu rose from her desk automatically, leaving open panels and scattered 
papers where they respectively hung and lay, only pausing to enjoy the 
verdant fragrance of Springtime that wafted gently on the breeze through 
the open window.

As she drifted across the room, the sunlight played warmly over her dark 
blue kimono, which hung snugly over a golden blouse. In moments, she had 
reached the crib and was gathering up the source of the noise. "You cry 
much too loudly for seven months-old," she admonished the child, tickling 
his nose. At his mother's touch, the baby instantly ceased its wriggling 
and its cry turned into a laugh. Washu gave him a few gentle bounces, 
then pressed him tight against her chest so that he could rest his chin 
on her shoulder. "And how is my little Mikumo?"

The golden-haired infant burbled happily, grasping at her long hair with 
chubby hands.

"Would you like to go for a walk?" she asked, walking over to the open 
window. She held up Mikumo so that he could see outside. He squinted in 
the sunlight and attempted to grab a leaf from the closest branch. She 
let him settle into the crook of her arm and calmly stroked his hair. 
"It's a beautiful day."

The door creaked behind her. "It's nice out today."

Washu turned around with a smile. "How was your day, Mikamo?"

"Fine." He walked up to her and kissed her cheek. "And how is my son 
today?"

She teased the baby's cheek with one long finger. "Sounding healthy. I 
was going to take him out to the park." She examined Mikamo's face. "Is 
something wrong? You look tense."

He cleared his throat. "It's a nice day. Maybe I'll come with you."

She beamed. "Really?" A dimensional portal opened up by his elbow. 
"There's a packed basket in there. We'll make a picnic out of it!"

                                   * * *

It was not a long walk to their usual spot. By the time several hours had 
passed, Washu and Mikamo sat sprawled out on the soft grass, surrounded 
by the remains of their lunch. A few yards distant, their infant son 
struggled to crawl beneath the shade of a mid-sized tree, grabbing at 
blades of grass. It was an isolated corner of the park, but still within 
view of the finely carved wooden terrace that enclosed the preserve. A 
few people walked there ... botany students, most probably, Washu 
thought. Studying the arboreal life.

Washu turned her eyes towards the sky. "Look there. You can see the 
rookery from here. Way up there, floating over the Royal Aviary." Mikamo 
nodded absently. She leaned over, her ornate brown, green and purple 
shawl folding up beneath one shoulder. "Is there anything wrong?"

He closed his eyes. His voice sounded strange. "Kuramitsu, the current 
Seniwa representative, has just publicly declared the failure of a 
diplomatic union with Jurai. There's been a bit of an internal shake-up. 
They're closing their borders. Probably for good."

"Mikamo ..." Washu whispered. Empathy clutched at her heart. <My husband 
is hurting.> That thought took predominance above all others. <His family 
is probably in danger.>

"Do you remember what we talked about last month?" Mikamo continued. "I 
can get citizenship here if I want." His voice was unnaturally flat. 
"I'll be fine."

"But your family ..." protested Washu.

"I won't say I'm not worried." He took a deep breath. "This probably 
isn't reassuring, but this sort of thing happens all the time." A note of 
spite crept into his tone. "Power. Politics. My family will survive." He 
nodded. "It's the Seniwa way, to survive." His eyes drifted to where 
Mikumo was playing in the grass.

"What time is it?" he said abruptly. "Mikumo has an appointment with his 
pediatrician today."

Washu frowned. "Today? I don't remember setting an appointment."

"I set it. I noticed he was coughing the other day. I forgot to tell 
you."

"Oh," she said. "I didn't noticed anything. But if you say so."

Standing up, she clapped her hands. The remains of the picnic vanished 
with an audible pop. Mikumo turned his tiny head and giggled.

With a beatific smile, Washu bent over her son. He smiled hugely and 
reached up with grabby hands. She swept him up into her arms and twirled 
him around in the air. His laughter fell musically across her ears. <If 
there's any such thing as pure happiness,> she thought blissfully, <this 
must be it.>

She tucked the infant into one arm and turned to regard her husband. 
"Daddy's <awfully> strange, isn't he Mikumo?" she cooed. Mikamo 
approached and she gave him a playful swat on the cheek. "Let's go."

Mikamo reached out an arm. "I'll take him. You have to get back to the 
house."

"To the house? My work can wait."

He made a small coughing sound. "I bumped into Naja today. She said she 
had to speak to you before 1600. It sounded important."

"All right," Washu sighed. She turned Mikumo around and looked sternly 
into his small face. "You be good for daddy, you hear?" She kissed him 
tenderly on the forehead. "I love you, my baby," she whispered.

She handed him to Mikamo, who turned without speaking and walked away. 
For a moment, she was seized with the sudden urge to run after them. But 
she chided herself. It was an irrational impulse. Whatever Naja wanted, 
it was important enough for her to have mentioned it to Mikamo.

Even so, she couldn't help looking over her shoulder, just in time to 
catch one last glimpse of her husband and son as they vanished into the 
green.

                                   * * *

<Honestly,> Washu thought sourly as she trudged up the front walk of the 
house that evening. <I can't believe she got me dragged out there for 
that.>

"But Washu, I promised," Naja had whined. "So it's quantum theory. So 
it's textbook simple. They wanted so badly for you to present ..."

<Ignorant plebes,> Washu grumbled mentally as she unlocked the door and 
stepped inside. A shape moved in the kitchen.

"Mikamo?"

But it was only the aged butler. He looked at her with that stony face 
and said, "Master Mikamo asked me to tell you that he has taken young 
Mikumo to show him the sea and that they will return this evening."

"Again?" Washu grinned. "Typical. Well, let me know when he gets back. 
I'll be in my study finishing grading those term papers."

But by the time she had finished, the butler had still not appeared. 
Washu looked out the window and was surprised to see the sun almost set. 
"Must have lost track of time," she told herself. Shutting down her 
workstation, she went back to the main room and grabbed the arm of a 
passing maid.

"Has my husband returned?"

The girl bowed and shook her head low. "I haven't seen him since this 
morning when he left with you."

Washu nodded absently and walked over to the curtains, pulling them back. 
The sky was beginning to darken. "They should have been back by now. Find 
Mei or Mikoto. Tell them I'm going to look for them."

Feeling a growing sense of unease, Washu wrapped her shawl tightly around 
her shoulders and stepped out into the chill of the evening.

Naja was standing at the foot of the porch.

"Naja!" Washu exclaimed. "You're here! Good. Mikamo and Mikumo aren't 
back yet. Can you help me ..."

She trailed off. There was something about Naja's posture, the way she 
carried herself, the slope of her shoulders. Her expression was firmly 
fixed, as if she had been rehearsing. As if she'd been waiting for Washu 
to open the door and come outside. A nameless disquiet seized Washu's 
heart, and she tried to rush past the taller woman.

Naja seized her arm in a vice-like grip.

"Naja?" Washu stared blankly at her friend's face. The corners of Naja's 
eyes were crinkling with intensity and ... something else. Pain? "Naja, 
I'm scared. What's going on? Why don't you say something?" Panic began to 
edge her voice, the merest hint of the desperate fear that had begun to 
swallow her heart. She shook Naja violently. "<Where are they? Where is 
my son?>"

Naja made no response, only stared. Washu shook harder. It was nothing 
compared to what was happening to her on the inside. It was as if her 
heart had been squeezed into a tiny rock and tossed into a gaping canyon, 
so that it was rushing, plummeting downward, gathering up loose and 
broken stone as it fell.

"<Why don't you answer me!!!>" she screamed at the top of her lungs.

At last, Naja's frozen expression began to crack. But she turned away 
before it could show. Her voice was measured and clear. "They won't come 
back."

With an inarticulate cry of rage and anguish, Washu leapt away, only to 
be pulled back by Naja's strong arms. "Let me go! Let me go!!" Washu 
shrieked, flailing.

"It's too late ..."

"<NO!!!>"

There was a blast of raw power and Naja went flying against the side of 
the house. "Washu!" she cried.

But Washu was already running as fast as she could towards the front 
gate, a frantic blur trailing a long cloud of dust. But she knew she 
could never run fast enough.

<I can fly!> she thought in utter desperation. The heat raged and seethed 
within her like a bottled-up volcano. She could feel the skin of her 
chest blistering where the gem-pendant slapped against it. The gems.

The power.

Crazed with anger and pain, she tore the pendant off from around her neck 
and clutched it in her hand. It burned like a hot coal, but she felt none 
of it. Her mind plunged inward, greedy, delirious. The power was there, 
dammed up like a reservoir of molten lava; trapped like the heart of a 
star. Her consciousness crashed forward, raging and unstoppable as an 
out-of-control river. She rode it, laughing madly, abandoning herself to 
the white-hot current.

THEN

The river ceased to flow. The voice brought everything crashing to a stop. 
It was as if she had run herself up against a black hole.

IT

She struggled against it. Railed against the horror. The pain.

WILL

Every fiber of her being seemed to pass through a crucible of pressure so 
intense she thought she would lose her very existence.

BEGIN

<No. No. NoNoNoNoNoNoNo ...My baby!>

AGAIN

<MIKUMO!!!!!!>

THEN IT WILL BEGIN AGAIN.

<IT'S MINE,> she screamed into the blackness. <DAMN YOU! LET ME HAVE IT!>

THEN IT WILL BEGIN AGAIN.

<I DON'T CARE! THEY TOOK MY BABY!>

THEN IT WILL BEGIN AGAIN.

Abruptly, the pressure vanished, and she was standing outside her front 
gate, alone and powerless. Her whole mind was blank. Her whole body numb. 
She fell to her knees like a collapsible automaton. Dark streaks of 
blackness swam before her eyes. It was over.

They were gone.

                                   * * *

It might have been ten seconds. It might have been a year.

"Why?" Washu whispered to the dust. "Why ..."

Naja was standing behind her. She barely felt the hand on her shoulder. 
"Niwase Mikamo's real name is Kuramitsu Mikamo." The voice seemed 
galaxies away, hard and dead as the air that burned in her lungs. "One 
month ago, President Kuramitsu died. He had been eager to open his 
country to Jurai. He tried to push the deal through while he was still 
alive. His son -- his Vice-President -- is in control now. Misaka. 
Mikamo's father. He thought the expansion was too hasty. He sent for his 
son ... and his grandson ..."

"He told me he would stay here ..." Washu said numbly. Some wretched part 
of her had crawled back to awareness.

"Seniwa is his home ..." Naja said slowly. Washu could tell she was 
trying to sound calm and rational. "His family lives there ..."

Washu spun around. "And what am I?"

The sheer force of her words caused Naja to drop her eyes. "Mikamo wanted 
to leave you Mikumo ..." she began. Something like guilt flickered across 
her face. "It's a hard world, Washu. You don't always get to make your own 
decisions. You don't always like the decisions made for you. Seniwa agents 
are everywhere, both for expansion and against it. What would happen if 
they came here? For little Mikumo? They'd have torn him in two." 
Unmistakable hatred laced her voice. "The powers that be have decided that 
Washu will be for Jurai, and Mikamo and Mikumo will be for Seniwa. It's 
stupid. It's unfair. I despise it. I hate what they've done to us. There 
is no lack of cowardice among the powerful."

When there was no response, Naja turned. "Washu-chan?"

Washu stared at her calmly, then vanished into thin air.

Naja gaped. "Teleportation?" she whispered. Hurriedly, she raised her 
wrist and checked the small device clasped there. The homing device she 
had planted on Washu during the struggle at the front door was active, 
signaling from the third-floor library inside the mansion. Naja trembled, 
and her breath began to quicken, the horror of the past months 
threatening to send her fleeing into the night.

A shadow stepped out of the bushes that ran along the great gate. "I'm 
sorry, Naja," Ikuma said softly.

Naja turned to him, shaking. Tears poured from her eyes. She thought they 
would never stop. She sank into Ikuma's outstretched arms and he patted 
her gently. "Director," she choked. "What should I do? She wasn't even 
crying! How could she not cry?"

Ikuma held her tight in his fatherly embrace. "You must understand, 
Naja," he said, his voice dry and gravelly. "Washu is burdened with 
rational ability and perception to an extreme degree. Whether she wants 
to or not, she understands the situation. She knows why it had to happen. 
Just like you did. We saved lives, Naja," he whispered. "Don't think it 
didn't hurt, though. Poor Washu. She was like a daughter to me."

Naja tried to laugh, to do anything that would stem the flow of pain and 
tears. "Y-you mean g-g-grand-daughter, don't you?" It didn't work. Guilt 
consumed her; seemed to swallow her whole, and she collapsed against his 
shoulder, tears streaming afresh.

"Hey, hey! My clothes!"

Naja laughed like a broken toy, sinking to the ground.

Ikuma knelt down, signaling to the ranks of maids that had materialized 
from behind the wall. "There, there," he whispered to Naja sympathetic-
ally. "Right now, the only thing is to leave her alone."

                                   * * *

Washu sat alone at the second level of the library, staring across the 
table where Mikamo once sat.

<There are things I haven't told you, Washu ...>

How had she been so naïve? Now she understood. She understood everything. 
Jurai. Seniwa. The Academy. The greatest powers in the galaxy. Her only 
treasure was halfway across the universe. Even if she could get out of 
the Academy, she would still have to evade the combined forces of 
galactic government.

"With my present abilities, I am helpless," she whispered to nobody. She 
soaked up the despair; drank it down like water. Logic dictated that 
there was nothing to be done. Reason demanded that she accept it. She 
stared idly at the gem-pendant, and had a sudden impulse to hurl it away. 
To throw it as hard as she could, deep into the nearest quantum 
singularity.

But she didn't. Instead, she let her hand fall limply at her side. The 
gems clattered to the hardwood floor and scattered.

She closed her eyes. Time passed. The sun was long gone. Washu sat, 
emotionless as a statue. <Accept. Accept. There's nothing you can do. 
Everything is fine ... Everything is ...>

"Washu-chan."

Washu opened her eyes. It was the old lady. The one who had sold her the 
house. Who looked so much like the Reverend Mother right now ... Washu 
blinked feebly. The old lady pulled out a chair and sat down next to 
Washu. Her ancient eyes swam with compassion. When she spoke, it was a 
loving admonishment, cracked and heavy.

"You foolish girl. You must cry at this time."

Large tears began to spill from Washu's dollish face. They sprang from 
nowhere. They didn't stop. There was an unbearable tightening around her 
lips and then her mouth sagged open, silently at first. Then she began to 
emit strange, broken sounds. Like the bleat of a calf, or the halting cry 
of some exotic bird. She clung to the old lady like a child. For the 
first time since she was born, without really knowing how, she cried. She 
cried and kept crying.

                                   * * *

How long the tears came, she did not know. A lifetime of tears before she 
woke up to the sun on her face, her body curled up on one of the library 
couches. She saw that she was covered in a blanket, and that the old lady 
had fallen asleep at the foot of the couch. Tenderly, so as not to wake 
the sleeping woman, Washu pushed back the cover and slipped out onto the 
floor. She padded over and gave the old woman a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Thank you, grandmother," she whispered.

She looked down at her body. It was the body of a twelve-year old girl. 
She had transformed during the night. She gathered her energy to change 
back ... but then stopped. "Perhaps just for a little while ..." There 
were too many bad memories in that old body.

Sinking to her hands and knees, Washu crawled across the floor and 
retrieved her gems. She cradled them in the palm of her hand, regarding 
them critically. "Hunh. I don't know what you are or where you came from, 
but I won't lose you." Staring at the stones some ugly temptation clawed 
at her mind. She closed her fist and tried not to dwell on them.

"I'm helpless," she said aloud, and accepted it. This time, she added two 
more words. "For now." And even as she spoke it, the wheels in her head 
began to turn ...

Calmly, she gathered up her too-large clothes where they had been 
discarded, and began to think.

                                   * * *

For two nights Naja slept on the couch in her private laboratory. Or, 
rather, she did not sleep. She merely stared into the blackness. 
Sometimes she thought she might have been unconscious. But the effort it 
took to reach this conclusion only sent her spiraling back down into a 
dark well of guilt and tears.

Then the lights turned on. Before she could sit up, small hands covered 
her eyes.

"Who .. Washu-chan?" she sniffed.

"Bingo."

Naja sat up and turned around. "Oh, Washu ..." she trailed off dumbly, 
peering wide-eyed at the twelve-year old girl in front of her. 
"You're ..."

Washu crossed her small arms. "Are you surprised? You knew I was an 
esper, didn't you?"

"Well, well I <did>, but ..." Naja couldn't contain herself any longer. 
She let out a happy sigh of relief and threw her arms around the figure 
of her friend. "I am so sorry ..."

"I'm sorry to keep you worried," Washu said.

Naja sniffed. "I thought that Washu-chan hated me."

"It wasn't your fault." Washu grimaced. "Get up, Naja. And wipe your 
nose. We've got work to do."

Naja stood up. She wiped her nose.

They went to work.



=========================================================================
CONTINUED IN: Washu's Lullaby - Part IV: The Chimera
=========================================================================