Disclaimer:  I am writing these for fun.  I make no money from this, I don't 
want to.  I enjoy the writing and the joy it brings.  All characters of Tenchi 
Muyo series belong to the makers, Wa-Oka is my character.  Thank you.

Everything seemed peaceful enough.  Nothing too much out of the usual was 
happening, but somehow or another evil had a way of rearing its head when least 
wanted...and expected.  Sitting upon a throne in a large space craft smirked the 
vilest of all figures ever.  The darkness concealed his identity, but the evil 
which laid in his soul could be felt across the cosmos.  It was the coldest of 
all evils, no even love, it seemed, could warm the heart of the cruel person.  
Typing away at the 'secured' Galactic Police files, the figure came across some 
interesting developments about earth and some particular 'residents' on the 
planet earth.  

"Hmm, interesting" the figure said, taking a look at the reports from Officer 
Mihoshi, "I had hopes on getting a rematch from that...BOY....and it seems that 
I may have my chance...along with a bargaining chip.  Hehe, I think the dear 
ProFessor, won't mind it if I dropped in to say hi, amongst other things."   
Shutting off the connection from the security system, the figure turned the 
throne to the window which looked upon the celestial lights.  "Soujah...set a 
course for solar system Aries...particularly to coordinate 130999 mark 32."  A 
beep rang through the ship and it began to change courses.  Another figure with 
long silver hair and a lab coat appeared before the figure.  "Naoko, prepare 
some things for me.  I have to make a visit and a few improvements upon my 
invention will suffice nicely.  Make sure you have 2 of the devices...make it so 
now, we will arrive at the location within a few hours and I want to make sure 
nothing, and I mean NOTHING, will interfere with my ne!
w plans."  Naoko bowed at the waiste to him, letting the long silver hair flow 
across his face slightly.  "Yes, sir.  I will make it so."

"You better" the figure said, "for Your sake, you better."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------

"Tenchi Tenchi!"  called Sasami as she ran to meet him on the path.  "Hello 
Sasami" he said, smiling at her.  She giggled slightly as Ryo-Ohki jumped up and 
licked his face.  "Hehe, hello to you to Ryo-Ohki."
"Come on Tenchi, I have dinner ready." She said taking him by the hand and 
leading him to the house.  He was always glad to see Sasami cause she was so 
innocent and mindful of everyone.  Even on his worse days her warm smile almost 
always brought up his spirits.   It took a few minutes, but they finally reached 
the house where they were greeted by the sight of the guards.  "Hello, Lord 
Tenchi"  "Welcome home" they said, opening the gate.  Sasami ran ahead of him to 
the kitchen, giving him a little breather from the trip.  His break was 
interrupted by a sudden hand clawing at his chest.
"Hello Tenchi" a low seductive voice whispered in his ear.  Tenchi held his head 
down, "Hello Ryoko...." He said, walking towards the house.  Soon another voice 
chimed in.
"Get your Hand OFF my Tenchi!" yelled Ayeka, walking to Ryoko, who was now 
attached to Tenchi.  He sighed as he knew the outcome of this would turn out, so 
held gently pulled Ryoko from him and walked inside the house. 

Laying his belongings upon the couch.  "*sigh* What a day."  Closing his eyes, 
he felt his consciousness drifting away to dreamland.  The feeling was all 
relaxing and soothing since his had a rough day in the cold month of October.  
His body gladly accepting the rest, savoring this moment of peace.  
Unfortunately, his rest was interrupted by a familiar and calming voice.  
"Hello, Sir Tenchi.", she said, "I see you had a hard day today."

Tenchi turned his look to the voice and smiled.  "Hello, Miss Wa-Oka, how is 
your day today?"  
"Oh, same ole same ole and please, just call me Wa-Oka.  Helped Mom work on 
another invention while she drilled me about my life, work on some inventions of 
my own...amongst other things."
"Sparring with Ryoko again?"
"hmm, as usual.  I have to maintain some physical fitness some ways.  But enough 
about me.  I'm going to get ready for dinner.  I suggest you do the same 
thing.", she said, walking up the stair to her lab.  Tenchi smiled to himself 
thinking of how much of a contrast Wa-Oka and Ryoko were.  Sometimes, though, 
she did seem to act like Ryoko by constantly hanging onto him, but that was on 
rare occasions when Ayeka and Ryoko would argue amongst themselves.  

He got up from his resting place and proceeded to the bathroom to wash up for 
dinner.  About 20 minutes later, Sasami's voice rang through the house calling 
for dinner.  The doorbell also rang as it was Kiyone and Mihoshi walking through 
the door.  Apparently Ayeka felt that it would be proper to invite them over for 
dinner tonight.  The night was filled with the usual conversation.  Wa-Oka 
managed to beat almost everyone to the dinner table, which was a first for her 
since she viewed dinner as a waste of meanial time.  Tenchi figured that there 
was always a time for a first, to say the least.  

After the meal was finished, everyone disappeared in a hurry.  Tenchi scratched 
his head wondering what was going on.  He walked into the kitchen where Sasami 
was busy cleaning the remaining dishes.  "Uhm, Sasami, what's going on?  Why did 
everyone disappear so fast?"  Sasami giggled then looked at him, "Silly Tenchi, 
remember, today's the first day of the Winter Carnival."  Tenchi scratched his 
head, "Oh, oh yeah I almost forgot."
"Well be leaving as soon as everyone's finished.", she said smiling at him.  
Tenchi smiled back and nodded.  

(On the Rafters)

Ryoko laughed darkly to herself, obviously planning something for the Carnival.  
As usual, Wa-Oka nosied herself up to the rafters, watching Ryoko from the 
shadows.  "So Ryoko"  Wa-Oka said as Ryoko jumped up, "what cha doin?"  Ryoko 
growled at the source of the voice, unable see Wa-Oka.  "Shhh, would ya keep it 
down already"  she said, finally locating Wa-Oka, "I'll tell ya, but you have to 
help me."
"Why should I help you anyways?"
"Because...you're my sister?"
"Heh, fat chance, you're up to something and when you sink like a rock, I'll be 
there to laugh at you."
"Okay okay, I'm going to try and sell some of this tonic, but I need someone who 
looks different to help me sell it.  I did it last year and Tenchi sold me out, 
so I need a new face.  Soooo...what do you say? I'll deal ya in on the profits.  
What do you say, 20/80?"
"No way, that's just cheap.  30/70 will get you a stupid duskrider from Travia 
3."
"Okay, 30/70"
"You must be kidding, I can sell Mihoshi for more of a cut than that."  Wa-Oka 
smirked at Ryoko and turned as if to phase through the rafters, "Why don't you 
ask Washu to help you.  I'm sure she'll be thrilled at what you're doing."
Ryoko tried to contain the growl from her teeth to a minimum.  She sighed her 
last offer, "Okay...40/60, but that's my last offer."
Wa-Oka walked over to Ryoko and smiled.  Holding out her hand, she looked Ryoko 
in the eyes.  "It's a deal" she said.  Ryoko smiled and met Wa-Oka's hand with 
hers. "Deal!" Ryoko said. With a loud clap of hands meeting the two sealed their 
contract in a 'pirates' manner.  "SO what do I have to do?" Wa-Oka asked.  Ryoko 
smiled to her.  "Don't worry...you'll know when we get there.  It won't kill you 
or anything, I'll promise that much."
"For your sake I hope so...and just to let you know, I'm not cutting my hair", 
she said, letting her 5 foot 2 inch ponytail tail her sway from one side to the 
other.  Ryoko smirked at her, "I'm sure Washu would have my head for that if I 
did somehow 'convince' you to cut it."
Turning to the stair, Wa-Oka looked over her shoulder to Ryoko.  "Convince me?  
Heh, you'd have an easier time convincing Mihoshi that she's a guy than to 
'convincing' me...little sister."  Ryoko growled as Wa-Oka phased away.

"Ryoko are you ready to leave?"  Mihoshi called up to the rafters.  Ryoko 
cringed yet again at the sound of her voice.  "Uh uh, yeah in just a few 
minutes.  "Okay, hurry cause everyone's waiting on you. Soon the Masaki 
household was ready to leave for the Carnival, but there was only one 
problem...transportation.  Tenchi knew that if they took a space ship, they 
would draw attention, but that seemed to be the only way to get there, until the 
number one scientific genius in the universe stepped in.  

"Hmm" she said, placing her hand upon her chin, "we don't want to draw attention 
to ourselves by taking Kiyone's ship, but you have no way of getting 
there...hmm, it seems like a problem indeed."  Washu paced back and forth 
thinking on the problem while Ryoko and Wa-Oka began to fall asleep waiting. 
"HEY YOU TWO NO SLEEPING!" Washu yelled, waking Ryoko and Wa-Oka abruptly.  
Washu went back to her pacing until it seemed she found her solution. "I know", 
she said typing on her computer, "I'll just create one of those earth transport 
vehicle.  What do you call them Tenchi, cars?  Yes, I'll use my computer to 
build one according to the parameters needed to successfully transport to our 
destination.  I do believe that the transport module will need a few extra 
touches such as sub-space expansion units and non-polluting combustible power 
unit to get us there successfully."  Ayeka, Kiyone, Ryoko, Sasami and Tenchi 
looked to Washu with a blank look written upon their face.  "It means !
we have a ride", Wa-Oka said with her arms crossed.  A unison "Aaaah" was heard 
shortly thereafter as Washu implemented the necessary codes to create the car.  
Soon, from a subspace portal, a black car with a sleek body appeared.  

Everyone packed their belonging into the car as they marveled at the room inside 
the trunk and cabinet.  "Well what do you expect from the number one scientific 
genius in the universe?" Washu gloated for almost the entire trip.  Soon they 
arrived at the carnival, setting up their booths for sales.  Washu managed a 
'freak show', proudly displaying her 'harmless' genetic experiments from earlier 
times, while Ayeka managed a shooting range. Kiyone and Mihoshi managed the food 
area while Ryoko and Wa-Oka disappeared.  Tenchi wondered what the two were up 
to, but soon dismissed it as Sasami steadily tugged at his shirt.  "Come on 
Tenchi, I wanna ride on the Ferris wheel."  Tenchi was more then happy to oblige 
to Sasami's request.  He didn't mind spending time with Sasami at all.  For the 
most part, she was like the little sister that he never had and he would try his 
best to keep her happy.

Somewhere in the sales part of the carnival, Ryoko began to explain her plan to 
Wa-Oka.  "I have to do what?"  Wa-Oka said, alternating her look between the 
bottle of fluid and Ryoko.
"Easy, all you have to do is pour this on your hair and make it seem like you 
haid grew a lot."
"And what, exactly is in that bottle?"
"Oh, just something I picked up from planet Orius."
Wa-Oka examined the bottle carefully, noting the content of the bottle.  "I'm 
not putting this in my hair.  You better give me a bottle of water."
"It's harmless for the most part.  Don't ya trust me?"
"Hmmm...trusting my hair to you?  Have you ever seen Washu's gene splicer up 
close and personal?"
Ryoko swallowed hard.  "Alright...I'll have a marked bottle of water, so that 
way you won't get your 'precious' hair messed up."  Taking a bottle of the 
tonic, she marked the bottle and replaced the content with water.  "There, it's 
done.  By the way, how do you wash all that hair?"  Wa-Oka smirked at her,  
"very carefully."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kagato tapped upon the armrest of his throne waiting for the result of his 
request.  His patience as running low and his anticipation running high.  He 
wanted his sweet revenge upon Tenchi for ruining his experiment and destroying 
his most prized ship.  Luckily the plans for Soujah were not destroyed along 
with the ship.  It took some time, but he was able to restore his majestic ship 
along with a few needed modifications for the professor and her friends.  

Finally, he tapped upon the button, calling upon his lab assistant.  "Naoko, how 
long until the modifications are completed?  We will be arriving on earth within 
a few hours and I want everything completed."

"It will be completed in 2 hours. I just have-"
"You have one hour to complete them.  I want to look over what you have done 
before making my appearance upon that wretched planet."
Naoko sighed to himself and looked at the display screen.  "Yes sir, it shall be 
done."
"Good.  5 Minutes and not a second longer."  Closing the connection between him 
and his assistant, Kagato began to laugh lowly to himself.  "It won't be long my 
dear Ryoko...Professor...and you, Tenchi.  Soon I shall have what is to be mine, 
the greatest power in the universe...HAHAHAHA."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The night was filled with joy as Tenchi escorted Sasami around the carnival.  
The carnival always seemed to bring up her spirits a lot.  She was so innocent 
in so many aspects that made it hard for Tenchi to ever say no to her.  "Hey 
Tenchi" she said, walking to the side show, "can we check out Miss Washu's side 
show?"  Tenchi rubbed his head.  "hehe, sure Sasami, why not." 
"Yay!" she yelled, running to the side show.   

"Come one Come all the greatest who in the universe. That's right, step up 
everybody and see the wonders of the number one scientific genius in the 
universe.  Come see wonders that will amaze your eyes, if they don't try to take 
them out.  You will never be the same again once you see the greatest creatures 
every spliced this side of the Aries galaxy."  Washu called out attracting 
people far and wide.  She seemed to be very prosperous at the carnival this 
year.  Sasami stood at the ticket booth with her eyes looking bright and 
wonderous.  "Hey Miss Washu."
"Oh, hello Sasami...and hello Tenchi.  What can do for you?"
"Oh...2 tickets to your show please, Miss Washu."
Washu smiled at Sasami, "sure, here you go.  Enjoy the show."

Sasami did enjoy herself indeed.  Washu's creature ranged from terrifying to 
just as cute a Ryo-Ohki, though in her eyes, nothing was as cute as Ryo-Ohki.  
After the show, Tenchi treated Sasami to some ice cream.  Tenchi also treated 
Ryo-Ohki to a few carrots as well.  As the trio walked throughout the carnival, 
something interesting caught Tenchi's eye.

"That's right, this tonic will help you grow hair in less than one minute.  Here 
ma'am, try some."

"Hmm, I don't know, but what the hey.  Oh...my hair!?  It's it's growing!"
The crowed gasped as an odd haired girl had hair that suddenly grew to over 6 
feet long.  Tenchi eyed the crowd suspiciously as he finally recognized the 
voice.  "She's at it again.  *sigh* will she ever give it up?"  Making his way 
through the crowd with Sasami and Ryo-Ohki, he came upon the source of the 
commotion.  "YOU TWO!" he shouted looking at Ryoko and Wa-Oka.  "Uhm..." Wa-Oka 
said, looking a Ryoko then Tenchi, "Well...I've held up my end of the bargain.  
Hehe, gotta go, see ya"  she said, disappearing.  

"Why you little Weasle!"  Ryoko yelled, shaking her first where Wa-Oka used to 
stand.  Tenchi crossed his arms and looked at Ryoko.  "Hehe...hi Tenchi" she 
said, "uhm...I was just-"
"Ripping these people off."
"Well, I think it's more of an economic profit.  I wasn't ripping these people 
off, honestly."

The crowd began to dissipate, leaving only Tenchi, Ryoko, Sasami and Ryoko in 
the mist.  "Hmph, serves you right, Ryoko." Tenchi said, "You shouldn't try to 
scam people like that."
"But Tenchi...", Ryoko pleaded.  Tenchi sighed at the look in Ryoko's eyes, then 
left.  Sasami smiled at Ryoko while Ryo-Ohki gave out a small "Miow" before 
leaving with Sasami.  "Hehe, oh well, on to plan B" she whispered to herself, 
disappearing to another part of the carnival.

Tenchi's stomach soon began to growl loudly.  "Oh, man I better get something to 
eat before too long."  Looking around, he noticed Kiyone and Mihoshi's food 
booth.  "Hey, Sasami, can we stop a while.  I need something to eat."
"Sure, Tenchi"

"Welcome, Tenchi" Kiyone said, bowing to him accordingly, "is there anything I 
can get for you?"
"Uh...I think I'll have an order of Fried Noodles."
"Coming right up.  Hey Mihoshi, one order of fried noodles"
"Uh, sure thing Kiyone"  Mihoshi said, going over to the box of carrots.  She 
noticed a small trail of the remains of carrots.  Following the trail, she soon 
found the source of all the left over carrots.  "Uh, Kiyone"
"What Mihoshi"
"Uh, I don't think we're going to have enough carrots after too long."
"What do you mean!?"
Mihoshi walked to Kiyone with a fuzzy black and white Cabbit in her hand.  
Kiyone sighed to herself as Sasami picked up the Cabbit.  "Hey, Ki-Ohki, that's 
where you were all this time."  Sasami said, tickling Ki-Ohki.  "*sigh* well, at 
least we have enough carrots to make a few fried noodles."

"You two should be ashamed of yourselves!" said Washu as she walked towards 
Kiyone and Mihoshi's food stand.  She was pulling on the ears of Wa-Oka and 
Ryoko doing this.  "I didn't raise you two to be dirty, low down, con artists!  
Now sit here and think about what you did!"  She slammed Wa-Oka and Ryoko onto 
the benches seated in front of Kiyone and Mihoshi's food shop.  Wa-Oka glared at 
Ryoko.  "Looks like you sank like a rock and I got to go down with you.  Thanks 
a lot" she said with sarcasm. 
"Grrr...shut your trap"  she kissed back through her teeth.

(After the carnival)
Everything seemed to go over quite well, despite a few odds and ends.  Wa-Oka 
sat upon the rafters with Ryoko.  "Where's my cut of the deal, Ryoko.  You said 
40/60 now where's my cut?!"
"Chill alright.  Now let's see.  I'm going to have to dock you for that running 
off.  And now, take into account of earth taxes and-
"Give me the 300 bucks and I'll call it even."
"Wha?  I said"
"I've calculated everything.  Just give me the money."
Ryoko handed Wa-Oka the money.  "Fine here, take it!  Next time I won't be so 
generous."
"That's if there is a next time."  She responded, disappearing and reappearing 
at her lab door, "well, I gotta get some work done before the morning.  I'll see 
you at breakfast.  B-bye"
As she disappeared, Ryoko smirked to herself.  "Hmph, good night SISTER" she 
said, folding her arms and using the pillar as a pillow. The house was peaceful 
and easeful to the mind, but even this would prove to be the only shred of peace 
before all hell would break loose.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Sir, I have finished with your request."

"Good good.  I'll test them out when the sun hits the horizon upon the earth.  
Don't want to be rude and wake out...friends now do we."  Kagato said turning to 
his assistant.  "Now go.  I will call for you when I require your assistance."
"...yes sir" Naoko said, leaving the throne room.  As he walked down the 
hallway, he sighed to himself, wondering if his path were the right one meant 
for him.  Touching the smooth band laying upon his left ring finger, he sighed 
to himself and looked up to the cosmos.  "Where are you beloved?" he thought, "I 
am so lost without you...is this the path meant for me?"

Looking out of a window, his gaze turned upon the earth.  The mysterious beauty 
held within the structure of the blue and green sphere made Naoko think about 
Jurai.  "Oh, how I envy you earth.  You are to free and innocent...so 
impressionable. *sigh* It must be nice to live upon such a serene planet."
