Disclaimer:  All character's, except for Wa-Oka, are property of who ever 
created the Tenchi Muyo series.  I, in no way, get any money from these stories 
nor will I.  

Author's note:  This stories deals more in depth with the emotions of the 
characters and has some degree of violence.  This gives more insighe on Washu's 
husband and some of the contraversy surrounding Wa-Oka.  Please feel free to 
criticize  and for those who are Nagi fans, I'm sorry.
 ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~

The battlefield was full of blood, torn and scraped by the gruesome war, which 
was fought this day.  The dust finally disappeared as a long figure stood over 
another figure whom laid upon the yellow, lifeless soil.  They had fought each 
other to near death, and when it came down to it, there could be only one victor 
and one cynic, but it all boiled down to one last move to determine this.  The 
watcher held their breath in anticipation of what was to come.  

"Go ahead" yelled the figure on the ground, "finish it!  Finish me NOW!"

"NO!!" one of the onlookers screamed, "DON'T LISTEN TO HER!  If you finish Nagi 
off then you're doomed to repeat history!"  

"Is that so dear Washu?  Ryoko?  Is that so?"

The figure standing over Nagi looked to her, then to Ryoko...and finally Washu.  
Her eyes focused upon Washu as she held her sword to Nagi's throat.  *What am I 
to do?*  the figure thought as she alternated her stern look between Washu and 
Nagi.

(Before)

Tenchi was busy making repairs the local roves to make money for the upcoming 
winter.  "Ah what a day"  he said, looking at all the work that he had completed 
so far.  He was merely finished for the day and looked forward to reciving his 
just pay.  As he placed the last of the rebuilt tile upon the roof,  he looked 
to the houses ahead of him.  "Ah, there's will always be work tomorrow...well, I 
guess I better tell them that I'm finished."  He jumped down from the roof and 
knocked upon the door.

"Uhm...Mrs. Yamada.  I have finished repairing your roof."

Mrs. Yamada slid the door open and smiled at Tenchi.  "Thank you, young man." 
she said with her gentle smile, "As promised, here is the payment for your hard 
work."  She handed him the money and he bowed to her in a respectful manner.  
Taking up his briefcase, he began to walk in the direction of the Misaki house.  
"She sure was a sweet lady."  He said to himself.  He soon stood in the wooded 
area leading to the house.  For a moment he paused to take a look around.   A 
few flurries of snow began to fall, making the winter season.  In the clearing 
he could see the house, looking peaceful and somewhat serene in it's appearance.  
"I wonder what the girls are up to?  I'm surprised Ryoko didn't meet me at the 
path.  Oh well" From behind him, he heard quick-paced footsteps.  "Who's there?"  
he asked, anticipating Ryoko.  "Okay Ryoko, you can stop playing games with me."

He received no response as the air around grew stiff and eerie.  The quick foot 
steps were heard again and he readied himself to fight off whatever was 
following him.  The bushed just ahead of him began to rustle frantically.  "Wh-
wh's there?"  From the bushed emerged a blondish cabbit with a yellow gem on 
it's forehead.  "Oh, it's just you, Ken-Ohki....KEN-OHKI?!?!"  He jumped back 
and looked around for Nagi, but it was too late as everything went black.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

"RYOKO!!!"  Ayeka yelled.  She ran into the living room where Ryoko was laying 
on the couch.  "What now, can't you see I'm busy?" 
"Ryoko!  What have you done with Lord Tenchi?"
"What do you mean, I've been here all day?"
"You've probably kidnapped him or something!  He Hasn't returned home!"
"Kidnap him?  How can I do that if I'm here all day?  Hmmm, what's the matter, 
can't handle Tenchi being mine?"
"WHY you INSOLENT LITTLE-"
"Boo hoo, 'Tenchi hasn't come home so Ryoko must've kidnapped him'.  Don't kid 
yourself, Ayeka.  You're out of your league.  Just accept that Tenchi love me 
and only me."
"RYOKO!  Tenchi doesn't love you, he love me...and Prepare to face my WRATH!  
Azaka, Kamidake!"
"Yes Ma'am"  they answered in unison.  Ryoko powered up anticipating an attack 
when their quarrel was interrupted by a thud at the door, followed by moaning.  
The two girls rushed to the door fearing the worse.  Their fears were met by 
Tenchi who seemed ill and unable to keep consciousness.  An evil laughter was 
heard behind him as the two looked at a tall figure shrouded in a black cloak.  
"NAGI!"  Ryoko shouted as she formed an energy sword.  Nagi's evil laughter 
continued as she threw a holo-console at her.  "You're 'precious' Tenchi is 
stricken with a rare virus which can only be cured with this." In her hand she 
held a small tube with a blue liquid flowing inside it.  

"LEAVE TENCHI OUT OF THIS, NAGI.  IF IT'S A FIGHT YOU WANT THEN LET'S HAVE-"

"Oh, no dear, Ryoko, it's not you that I seek this time.  I come seeking another 
who's reading are on this planet, mainly here at this place.  Bring her to me 
and I will gladly hand over the cure, hold her back from me and he shall perish.  
The holo-console will tell you everything you need to know."  Ayeka's eye flowed 
with tears as she held Tenchi in her arms.  Ryoko snarled and growled at her, 
but her wordless threats were met by laughter as she called upon her cabbit and 
left the planet.  Ayeka held Tenchi close to her as Ryoko kneeled down by his 
side, screaming his name.  Sasami ran outside to see what the commotion was and 
spotted the two over Tenchi.  "No...Tenchi...?"  she whispered.  Finally Ayeka 
came to grasp with reality.  "We must get him inside!"  

The laid him on the couch, his eyes were barely open while his breathing was 
irregular.  Sasami ran to get Washu from her lab as Ayeka covered him with warm 
cloth.  Ryoko remained quiet, thinking about Nagi and how she wouldn't stop at 
nothing to get her revenge.  This time, however, Nagi didn't want Ryoko, for 
some reason.  

Washu rushed from her lab with a bio-matrix diagnostic kit, hearing how Tenchi's 
condition had come as a sudden shock. Wa-Oka aided Washu in her analysis of the 
situation.  Taking a look at her device, her eyes widened as the device couldn't 
detect what was ailing Tenchi.  "Quick"  Washu said, getting everyone's 
attention, "move him to my lab NOW!"  Everyone rushed to do as Washu ordered. 
Ryoko and Ayeka moved Tenchi to the bio lab while Sasami was powerless to help.  
Holding Ryo-Ohki in her arms, she noticed something near the door.  Ryo-Ohki 
hissed slightly at the scent of the object.  Still Sasami picked it up and 
proceeded to Washu's lab.  

Washu typed away furiously, trying to isolate the cause of his illness.  "Ryoko"  
she called out, "Ayeka, tell me what happened when this occurred.  Was there 
anything unusual?"  Ayeka and Ryoko went on to tell them about Nagi and 
something about a person that she was looking for.  Wa-Oka worked on isolating 
Tenchi's bio patterns while Washu managed to stablize his condition.  
"Ryoko...you said something about an object that Nagi threw at you.  Can you 
show it to me?"

"I don't know where it landed...I have no time or this-"

"Ryoko, I need to know what she threw to you."

"Oh you mean this thing" Sasami said, holding a small holographic object in her 
hand.  Washu tapped a button on the console and a miniature Nagi figure 
appeared.  The message began to play.

'Hello Dear Ryoko.  To bad we can't finish out little 'quarrel'.  This time 
around, I'm not after your head, but the head of the one held responsible for 
kidnapping the daughter of the Ruler of the Masame kingdom.  I have traced her 
to this planet and am assuming that you know who she is.  I won't bother with 
trying to fight you to get to her, so I did the next best thing:  use your 
beloved as a bargaining ship.  I've infected him with a rare virus only found on 
Masame, and it's deadly.  You have until the sun rises on earth to give the 
culprit to me or else your Tenchi will perish.  Incase you don't know what the 
culprit looks like, here.  This is her.'

A picture of a slender woman about Ryoko's height with Silver hair appeared in 
place of Nagi.  On her back was a sword with was a bit larger than a Katana and 
she too bore a black cloak with Armor underneath it's covering.  Her eyes, 
however, couldn't be seen too well for she wore dark glasses and a scarf that 
covered her from her nose below.  Ryoko studied the picture as well as the 
others to try and remember who she was.  Everyone drew a blank as to her 
identity.  Nagi soon popped back on the holographic projectory. 

'Bring her to me, Ryoko, and I will give you the cure for your 'precious' 
Tenchi's condition. You can find me on a biosphere on Mars. Remember, until the 
sun rises.'

Ryoko howled in anger at the holo-projection as Ayeka cried over Tenchi.  
"Ryoko, do you have any idea who she's referring to?"

"I'VE NEVER SEEN HER BEFORE IN MY LIFETIME!!!"

"I see. Then it must-"

"I've isolated the virus."  Everyone stopped and looked at Wa-Oka who was still 
typing at the computer.  "It's a rare virus indeed...and the cure is not that 
easy to come about.  It can't be laboratory created, so I guess we'll have to 
give into Nagi's wants afterall."  Ryoko jumped to Wa-Oka and grabbed her by the 
shirt.  "What do you know about Tenchi's conidion!?!?  You're a Masame!! TELL ME 
WHERE TO FIND THAT PERSON!?!?!"  Ryoko demanded, her eyes beaming red.  Ayeka 
and Sasami looked at Wa-Oka in shock.  "You're a...a-a Masame!?!?"  Ayeka said 
in shock.  "Of course she is, Ayeka.  Didn't you notice her pilot's outfit she 
had on when she crash landed here?"  Ryoko snapped back.  Ayeka remembered the 
outfit that Wa-Oka wore when they first found her.  She remembered something odd 
about it, then remembered that it signified the Masame kingdom.  "You..." Ayeka 
uttered, "you're one of the higher ranking officials aren't you?  But how could 
you be a Masame if you attended the A!
cademy of Jurai?"

Wa-Oka slapped Ryoko causing her to lose her grip on the girl's shirt.  Walking 
over to Tenchi, she kissed him on his forehead and walked to the door.  "I'm 
sorry, Ayeka, I can't tell you that just yet.  I do, however, know who Nagi is 
seeking...and how to find them.  Don't bother, Ryoko, you're not coming with me.  
I'll bring you the cure back before sunrise.  I'm sorry..." She walked out the 
door to her own lab, taking Ki-Ohki with her.  An engine roar could as Ki-Ohki 
took off. "GRRR, I'm going after her!"  

"No, Ryoko!"  Washu exclaimed. "It won't do any good going after her...we need 
to get the cure from Nagi and that means going to Mars.  Ayeka, you and Sasami 
stay here and look after Tenchi.  There isn't much I can do to help him right 
now...we must get the cure.  Ryoko..."

Ryoko nodded and walked outside and took off in Ryo-Ohki, leaving Sasami and 
Ayeka behind to tend to Tenchi.  "I hope they will make it" Ayeka whispered 
through her tears.  Sasami hugged Ayeka.  "They will make it, I know."  she 
whispered. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Ryo-Ohki sped as fast as she could to Mars.  Washu waited at the helm while 
Ryoko paced angrily.  "How long is it going to take you , Ryo-Ohki!?!  Tenchi's 
life is at stake!!"

"Ryoko, just cool down a bit.  Ryo-Ohki is going as fast as she can without 
completely passing the planet."  Washu sat with her arms crossed, patiently 
waiting to land at their destination.  Ryoko eyes Washu suspiciously, still 
unclear of her actions.  "Why did you let Wa-Oka go anyways?  Shouldn't we have 
gone after her?"  Washu remained quiet to Ryoko's questions.  "Answer me Washu!  
ANSWER ME!!!"

"Ryoko...Wa-Oka is 20,000 years old.  I trust that she's old enough to know 
what's happening and how to give Nagi what she wants.  She needed us to give her 
some time...and I intend on doing that."  Washu wiped the tears which streamed 
down Ryoko's face.  Cupping her chin, she gave her a comforting, motherly smile.  
"Ryoko...try and trust Wa-Oka.  I know you hardly know her, just as you hardly 
know me, but just try to trust her."  Ryoko embraced Washu and began to cry in 
her arms.  "There, there little one."  she whispered as she stroked Ryoko's cyan 
mane.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The red sands of mars blew violently across the dead plains.  Mars contained a 
harsh and inhospitable environment, but such was the cycle of life.  Washu 
wanted to study the red planet, but time and urgency would not allow for it.  
Upon this hostile planet laid a biosphere giving some life to the wasteland 
planet.  Ryo-Ohki made her gentle land inside the sphere and allowed for her 
passengers to disembark before reverting to her cabbit form.  The biosphere was 
a piece of work without a doubt.  The surrounding area was taken from an old 
western, just like the first time Tenchi had come in contact with Nagi, except 
he laid in a med room on earth now and not in a coffin.  Ryoko looked around for 
Nagi, but there was no site of her, only a lone tumble weed which blew around.  

"Where is she?" a voice said from the shadows.  Ryoko powered up her sword 
expecting Nagi to strike from she shadows.  Washu examined the area as well and 
some how spotted Nagi from atop a building.  Nagi caught Washu's eye and jumped 
down to where the two stood.  "Who might you possibly be talking about?"  Washu 
taunted back at Nagi.  She simply smirked at Washu as she played with the blue 
vial in attached to her neck.  "Playing games I see.  Well, Ryoko, I thought you 
would have done everything in your power to save you beloved...but I guess 
you're still as cold hearted as always.  Pity, but still, I will have you Head, 
as I stated before."

"Grrr, C'mon.  I'm not afraid of you, Nagi" Ryoko shouted, "you're just as much 
of a sore loser than ever."  Nagi frowned and charged towards Ryoko.  Washu sat 
on one of the porches looking towards the skyline.  >>Come on, Wa-Oka...where 
are you?<< she thought as Ryoko tried to strike at Nagi.  She managed to block 
the energy blade with the stem of her whip.  "Is that the best you have, Ryoko?"  
Nagi taunted, "you're losing your touch...here, get reacquainted with my little 
friend."  

Powering the whip, she began to furiously strike away at Ryoko.  Ryoko managed 
to block some of the whip, but then a new twist came about at the frayed end of 
the whip split into 3 different whips, each striking at a different part of 
Ryoko.  "Hehe, now this ends here"  Nagi said as one of the ends caught Ryoko at 
the neck.  "Tell me, why didn't you bring me the one I'm seeking?  Surely you 
know who she is?"

"Grr, I have...no idea who you're...talking about!"

"Wrong answer" Nagi said.  A burst of energy surged through Ryoko, causing her 
to scream in pain.  "Tell me, WHERE IS SHE?"  

"I-I don't know who she is!"

"Very well then, Ryoko...you shall die here like the scoundrel you are."

A surge of energy began to build as Nagi prepared for her final attack.  Washu 
screamed for mercy, but her cried fell on deaf ears as the energy surge began to 
make its way towards Ryoko.  She was powerless to do anything now, as she 
watched her life flash before her in the form of a purple ball of energy.  The 
path of the energy surge was interrupted when it was just inches from Ryoko.  
"What the?"  Nagi whispered looking at the blade that ripped through her whip 
like a hot knife through butter.  Ryoko, Washu and Nagi turned to see a long 
figure with Silver hair make her way towards them.  

"Well well, Nagi, long time no see.  I see you can fair pretty well against a 
mere kid...but you have yet to even defeat me, just like the first time."  Nagi 
growled as she charged towards the figure, pulling a sword from under her cloak.  
The figure too pulled a sword from her back, charging towards the figure.  Their 
blades clashed in one single note of harmony.  Washu rushed to Ryoko's side.  
"Are you injured Ryoko?"

"Not too badly...m...Washu...I'm okay, but is that who Nagi was referring to?"

"Yes, Ryoko...she is"

Nagi and the figure fought vigorously, taking swipes at one another while taking 
injury as well.  Blood flowed freely from each wound dealt.  Ryoko could do 
nothing but watch as Nagi yelled and raved on at the figure.

"Tell ME what you DID with that GIRL!"  Nagi screamed.  The figure just laughed 
at her as she smoothly removed her cloak from her body.  "Hmph!  Since you won't 
tell me, then I guess there's no use in keeping those two around."  Taking her 
hand, she formed a ball of energy and threw it at Washu and Ryoko.  "NOO!"  Was 
all Washu could scream as the ball of energy hurled towards them.  She closed 
her eyes and prayed to her maker.  Her prayers were answered as the silver-
haired figure took the blast of energy for them.  As the figure stood before 
them, Washu took the time to notice the girl's features.  Her skin was cream 
white, very smooth to the eye.  The girl's eyes were green, just as her own and 
her feature too similar to her own.  "You..." she whispered as something in her 
eyes smiled back at her.  Nagi took this opportunity to slice the girl on her 
back, her blade penetrating the armor that she wore.  Screaming out in pain, the 
figure's hair soon changed from free flowing !
silver to spikey red and blonde.  Ryoko turned her eye up to the girl.  "Wa-
Oka...?"  she said, trying to get up.

Blood flowed like a river from the cut of the blade.  Washu could see Wa-Oka's 
strength fade with every second, but she as in better condition than Ryoko.  
"Wha?" Nagi questioned as Wa-Oka turned to her, striking at her with what 
strength left in her.  Nagi tried to defend herself as best she could, but her 
blade soon gave out on her, letting Wa-Oka's own slice across her chest.  Nagi 
fell to the ground as Wa-Oka stood over her.  "So...this was all a hoax...you 
were playing game with them all...along.  You are...the girl...and the only one 
to defeat...me at my own...game."

Nagi looked Wa-Oka in the eyes.   Their spirits only harmonized for a second as 
she pleaded for her life to come to an end.  Wa-Oka too her hand and ripped the 
cure from Nagi's neck and threw it to Washu.  "We have the cure now, Wa-Oka"  
Washu said, holding Ryoko up, "now...let's go home."

"No, finish what you've started.  Slay me as your grandfather did my mother..."

Wa-Oka looked at Nagi in shock.  She remembered the day when Nagi's mother came 
to assassinate her father, but instead met with her grandfather instead.  The 
two fought hard and long against one another in the palace on Masame prime.  
Finally, her granfather drew his blade through Nagi's mother's heart, letting 
the blood drip from her heart onto his blade.  "Just another pitiful Jurian" he 
uttered as her body slumped to the ground.  She looked to him and smirked.  
"You...may defeat me...but my bloodline flows on...and 
soon...yours...shall...end"  she muttered as her body went cold.  Wa-Oka 
remembered that day as her father placed his hand on her shoulder to comfort her 
mind from that gruesome sight.  It was shortly there after that she was sent to 
Jurai to attend the academy in a hope to stop history form repeating itself.

"Go ahead" yelled Nagi, "finish it!  Finish me NOW!"

"NO!!" Washu screamed, "DON'T LISTEN TO HER!  If you finish Nagi off then you're 
doomed to repeat history!"  

"Is that so dear Washu?  Ryoko?  Is that so?"

Wa-Oka stood over Nagi looking to her, then to Ryoko...and finally Washu.  Her 
eyes focused upon Washu as she held her sword to Nagi's throat.  *What am I to 
do?*  she thought as she alternated her stern look between Washu and Nagi.  

Wa-Oka sighed to herself and dropped her weapon.  "I have already finished it, 
Nagi...I have chosen my own path...thus this waltz of mindless bloodshed has 
ended.  Goodbye, Nagi."  Standing near Washu and Ryoko, she turned back to Nagi.  
"May we meet each other again, Nagi...as friends for a common cause.  The past 
is written in stone, not the future...don't let history repeat itself again."

"I will hunt you down for all eternity!"  she yelled watching Wa-Oka walk over 
to Ryoko and Washu, "As long as Terakian blood flows in my veins, I will hunt 
you down til the very end of time!!!"  Nagi's words fell on deaf ears as the 
three walked away followed by the cabbit, Ryo-Ohki.  Nagi's cabbit, Ken-Ohki, 
stood at Nagi's side as if to cry over her.

The three, along with Ryo-Ohki, were teleported to Ki-Ohki.  Washu laid Ryoko on 
the floor and took the helm. "Ki-Ohki...take us home"

"Miyoouuw" she responded, speeding back as fast as possible to earth.  

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Washu administered the medicine intravenously to Tenchi.  Within a few minutes, 
he was on the road to recovery.  "Ayeka?  Ryoko?  Sasami?"  he said as he looked 
at their joyous faces.  Soon he was smothered with hugs, followed by the usual 
argument from Ayeka and Ryoko.  "Well, looks like their back to their old 
selves" Washu said, leaving them alone.

Walking outside and through the forest, she spotted Wa-Oka looking upon the 
lake.  The snow began to fall softly as the white reflection shined in the lake 
as each flake descended.   Washu stood next to Wa-Oka as she looked upon the 
lake. There was something different about Washu this day.  From the look in her 
eye to the fact that she didn't look her 'usual' 12 year old self.  Today, Washu 
was simply Washu, mother of two strong daughters and well renowned  scientist to 
many.  "It's a beautiful night tonight isn't it?"  Washu said, trying to break 
the cold mood.  Wa-Oka still remained silent as she looked at the moon's blue 
aura.  "Wa-Oka...why are you here?  You have only told me of your days at the 
academy, but never about you 'life'...about your father.  Tell me about them."

Wa-Oka sighed and held her head down.  "Wa-Oka"  Washu said, cupping her chin, 
"why did you leave your 'home'?"

"Because...because I didn't want to be like them.  I was just a child when I saw 
'grandfather' slay Nagi's mother in cold blood.  She was sent after father to 
make sure the Masame kingdom would blame Jurai for the assassination of the 
crowned prince.  Instead of finding my father, she met up with 'grandfather'.  
The two fought relentlessly, but 'grandfather' far outclasses Nagi's mother.  
Instead of letting her go, he played with her life during the battle.  Then in 
cold blood killed her before my eyes.  

"It was then that father sent me to the Academy of Jurai.  I don't know how, but 
her got me admitted without anyone even suspecting my lineage.  I can only 
imagine how 'grandfather' took the idea of me being on Jurai for it was at this 
time that Masame declared Jurai an enemy.  Father was the only one who trusted 
me, and I trusted in him with all my heart.  It wasn't until I made the ranking 
of Dean of Science that father was assassinated.  I left the academy without 
even a notice as to my where abouts.  All my equations, theories and inventions, 
among other things, were left unfinished and unsolvable because the only notes I 
had were my personal notes.  One Masame Prime, 'grandfather' named me his 
successor, but there was a catch.  I had to prove myself by fighting my father's 
assassin, Nagi.  With anger in my heart, I was more than happy to fulfill that 
request.  Nagi and I fought bitterly until her stamina soon gave out giving me 
the greatest advantage over her.  As she lai!
d upon the ground, I took my blade to her neck and looked into her eyes.  
'Grandfather' shouted for me to kill her, but I found that I couldn't because of 
something that father said to me on that day when 'grandfather' took Nagi's 
mother's life.  I ran form the palace, and then from the Masame kingdom and 
sought you out.  I couldn't bare to become a bloodthirsty monster like 'they' 
were."

"Why the charades? Why did the silver hair and alternate appearance?"

"That...appearance is just another form Masameans take when battling.  Since I'm 
not full-blooded Masamean, I cannot hold that appearance for long.  'Little 
Washu'...that's what father used to call me when I was a child...he said that I 
was too much like you...he called me that many nights and told me stories about 
you...he said that someday I would meet the greatest person in the 
universe...the only person that he ever loved..." Tears streamed down Wa-Oka's 
face as she continued to look upon the lake.  Her face remained shiftless as 
wave after wave of tears rolled down her cheek.

Washu held her hand to her heart, listening to Wa-Oka's mumbles.  She felt as if 
a great burden had been relieved from her soul, knowing that her love never 
forgot her.  A lone tear ran down her cheek as she remembered his smile and 
loving embrace.  He was gone now, but his memory lived on inside her mind...and 
in her daughter's eyes.  Squeezing Wa-Oka's shoulder, Washu felt the hurt held 
inside the girl.  A kind of hurt which was suppressed and held deep within the 
darkest depths of her mind.  Wa-Oka met the squeeze with an embracing hug, 
crying in her bosom.  <<There, there.  It's okay...>> she whispered to Wa-Oka 
telepathically, holding her close, <<it's okay...little Washu...>>

~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Well Folks, this is it for the week.  Hopefully I'll have some new ones worked 
up in a few days.  Like always, please give me feedback.  Hope you enjoyed it so 
far ^_^

~Shino Tenchi~
