=========================================================================

DISCLAIMER: This is one part of a multi-part story. It has been modified
as a .txt document for the Tenchi Muyo! Fan Fiction Archive
(www.tmffa.com) and can be viewed with its original bold/italics at
FanFiction.Net (www.fanfiction.net).

"Tenchi Muyo!", Washu, and all related images and properties are (c)
Pioneer and AIC Animation. This is a work of fan-fiction. The author has
received no monterary compensation. Any attempt to profit from this
document in any way is punishable by law.

To leave feedback, send fan-art, or make arrangements to host this fic on
your website, please contact me at takisjoh@msu.edu

=========================================================================

                              WASHU'S LULLABY
                           A "Tenchi Muyo!" Novel

                                     by
                                 John Takis

=========================================================================

                                - PART VI -
                                THE GENIUS

=========================================================================



                           10,000 YEARS LATER ...



The Academy sun was setting over the Director’s mansion, giving an orange 
cast to the wooden balustrades and gracefully ascending columns, overhung 
by clusters of vibrant foliage. The mansion was actually comprised of 
several buildings, any one of which dwarfed most other residences on the 
planet. These smaller structures were connected by various means, from 
strange energy flows, to more conventional stone bridges. Mazes, gardens, 
fountains and entire miniature ecosystems flourished beneath towering 
windows. It was the largest estate on the planet, larger even than the 
royal palace that accommodated the family of the Jurai king during 
planetary visits. And as large as it was, it was growing larger, as each 
new director contributed their own personal enhancements.

Washu had added a weapons laboratory, a farm, and a small ocean -- 
beneath the surface, of course. She had also removed the majestic winged 
sentinels that stood on either side of the main gate and replaced them 
with crabs. These were carved from an enhanced red marble, and their onyx 
eyes protruded outwards to glare at trespassers and guests alike. In 
actuality a sophisticated recording mechanism, the eyes whirred softly as 
a wrinkle in subspace folded through the gates. A glowing sphere 
materialized inside and deposited a diminutive figure on the paved 
ground. It was Washu, and she only paused long enough to deactivate the 
security alarm before vanishing again.

She re-appeared in another dimension -- the idyllic gardens of her main 
study. To her surprise, she was not alone. A tall figure stood stooped 
over her desk, holding a handful of papers. It turned towards her. For a 
moment, she thought it was Naja -- and indeed the being had the same 
steely hair, slim nose and slightly exotic eyes. But these eyes were a 
solid yellow, and the jaw was more square.

Washu crossed her arms. "Poking around where you don’t belong?"

Kagato flashed her a wolfish smile. "Ah, Professor. Forgive me. I was 
just looking over some of your research." He peered through his tiny 
glasses at the papers he held in his hand. "It really is fascinating. I 
had no idea you worked on the Tsunami unit. Most intriguing. Tell me, 
what was your connection?"

"It doesn’t concern you," Washu said.

Kagato bowed deferentially and set the papers down. "Of course. I 
apologize."

Washu hopped onto her favorite pillow. "What are you doing here, anyway? 
I’m surprised the maids let you in." Kagato held up his hands and wiggled 
his fingers. Washu cursed and raised a hand to her forehead. "Oh ... your 
recital! I forgot, didn’t I? I’m very sorry. How did it go?"

Kagato swept his hands behind his back, pinning his long robes against 
his sides. "I gave an excellent performance, as always, despite the fact 
that the Academy organ was out-of-tune."

Washu smirked. "Modest, as usual. I really am sorry I missed it. I got 
tied up in meetings."

"I’ll forgive you," said Kagato, "if you’ll let me show you my latest 
experiment."

"Can you set it up in my laboratory?" He nodded. "Then let’s go." She 
made a motion with one hand and the crystal skies of the garden were 
replaced with a seemingly endless darkness, filled with enormous machines 
and far-reaching computer networks.

"This is the same theater where Ikuma used to test me when we worked 
together," said Washu.

Kagato opened a portal and summoned a tall cylindrical device that 
cleaved vertically down the center to reveal a tangle of wires and 
circuitry. An oddly shaped disc hung suspended over the top, glowing with 
a strange green light. "Observe," he said, and activated the device. 
Abruptly the disc swung towards him. A needle-thin point of light shot 
out. It struck Kagato in the forehead, and, as Washu looked on, he was 
consumed by an annihilating ray of energy. His skeletal system flashed, 
briefly contorted, and then he was gone.

"Very impressive," Washu said. "You figured that one out all by yourself, 
did you?"

Kagato stepped from behind her shoulder, grinning. "A relatively simple 
deception, though effective, wouldn’t you say? Would you like to know how 
I accomplished it?"

She shook her head. "Not particularly. I am curious about this, however." 
She stepped forward and placed a hand on the device.

Kagato jumped forward in a panic. "Professor, wait!" But he was too late, 
and a beam of energy struck Washu full-force in the chest, eating away at 
her from the inside before she seemed to evaporate into the air. He stood 
numbly, stunned and silent for several seconds. 

"What’s the matter?" came a chipper voice. He looked up and rubbed his 
eyes. Washu sat, hovering above him on her cushion. He grinned slowly.

"Oh, well done, Professor. Very well done indeed."

She hopped down. "The destructive potential of that beam was real. 
Technology that powerful is supposed to be restricted."

"I built it," he said simply. "I am <your> student, after all."

"That’s true," she conceded. With a motion of her hand, the bustling 
laboratory vanished and the serene peace of her study returned. "Before 
you go, I almost forgot something." She reached into her pocket and with-
drew a paper envelope. "A letter came for you today. From your mother. 
She’s still on K1190"

Kagato took it. "What does it say?"

"I don’t know," she said. "I don’t snoop."

He smiled. "Of course not."

She frowned at him. "Besides, I got my own letter."

"Good news, I hope."

Now she smiled. "Very good news. She's sent me some leads on a very 
important sample. One I've been after for 9,000 years."

He raised an eyebrow. "That long? I'm suitably impressed."

"You should be."

He nodded, turning the letter over in his hands. "You know, I've always 
wondered why you two bother with paper. Such an inefficient method of 
communication. There are so many ways to assimilate knowledge. Why, with 
the proper constructions, you can absorb information directly from 
another person's mind."

She raised a cautionary finger. "The written word is an old idea, and a 
valuable one. After all, what is the Department of Philosophy?"

"The science of ideas."

"And ideas are the greatest power in the universe."

He shook his head. "I disagree. The greatest power in the universe is 
energy, if properly grasped."

"You won't get very far with that angle," Washu said, leaning back 
against her desk and folding her arms.

Kagato only shrugged. "Call it my long-term thesis. By the way, I forgot 
to ask: how did your meeting with the Council go?"

She sighed. "Not good. Even after all these millennia, I haven't made 
much headway. They’ve called me back tonight to continue the procedures, 
if you want to be optimistic about that."

Kagato’s sympathetic eyes glinted darkly. "How overstuffed bureaucrats 
came to wield such power, I'll never know. Someone ought to put them in 
their place." The thought hung in the air between them for a moment, then 
Kagato tucked the letter into his robes and walked over to the desk. 
"Now, about next week's expedition ..."

                                   * * *

"I’m sorry, Dr. Hakubi," said Tyon Shyuzan Jurai. The bony-faced man sat 
at the center of the semi-circular desk that curved like a crescent 
around the majority of the auxiliary council room. "Your proposal is just 
not feasible at this time."

Washu, wearing her full adult form, was seated in the center of the room, 
so that all eleven chairs faced inward towards her. Each face stared, 
emotionless, each pair of eyes regarding her as if she were an object, as 
opposed to the Director of the Academy. "Lord Tyon," she said 
impatiently, "three days ago, Jurai suspended trade relations with the 
nation-state of Sunjiwo. As you know, Sunjiwo was developing a biological 
catalyst that would have been of great value to the Science Academy, 
increasing our rate of experimentation exponentially and giving our 
viable crop yield a potential seven-percent boost. Jurai would reap the 
benefits of this advancement."

"Jurai has suspended all trade relations," repeated the woman on Tyon’s 
right, as if that settled the matter.

Washu pressed forward. "If the Academy were governed autonomously, there 
would be nothing preventing us from taking advantage of Sunjiwo resources, 
and nothing to stop us from sharing the benefits with the Jurai. And this 
is only one example, out of a dozen this year, alone, and out of more 
than a hundred in the past century. These are documented ..."

"Please, Director Washu," said a man to her right. "We’ve heard this all 
before. The Science Academy is simply not ready to assume the duties of 
independence."

"That’s not true," Washu said shortly. "Most of the infrastructures are 
already in place and have been functioning for millennia. Jurai presence 
is welcome, but hardly necessary ..."

A woman on the left laughed, cutting Washu off. "Not necessary? Dr. 
Hakubi, are you suggesting that we allow the power contained here to go 
unchecked?"

Washu shook her head. "Not unchecked. The Academy is an ancient 
civilization, with a vast native population. The citizenry is passionate 
and educated. We can ..."

"By passionate you mean radical!" the woman snapped. "Let the Empire 
handle politics, and stick to your science."

Washu rose to her feet. "Dealing with the morass of Imperial politics is 
exactly what we do <not> need. I head the Department of Philosophy. Do 
you know why the Department of Philosophy is the summit of the entire 
Academy? We take research from all across the universe and shape it into 
one unified, ethical and progressive theory. I've directed that process 
for 10,000 years. It's not easy, and it doesn't get easier when my 
department is denied data due to your petty power struggles!"

Tyon sighed in exasperation. "This is all beside the point. You may have 
a platform, but you don’t have a single piece of hard evidence that can 
convince people that a Jurai presence is actively detrimental to the 
Academy. The economic benefits alone betray your ideas as irrational. The 
Council has passed their final judgment, and you may consider the matter 
closed." He closed the folder that lay on the desk in front of him. "You 
are dismissed."

Her eyes hard and defiant, Washu spun on her heel and left the room. Out-
side, one of her functionaries, a young Jurai woman named Miko, followed 
her out to a waiting transport. The young woman struggling to catch up 
with Washu’s brisk pace. Her eyes took in her employer’s clenched fists 
and tight-lipped frown. She tried to smile. "Did it not go well, Miss 
Washu?"

Washu didn’t slow down. "Of course it didn’t go well! And don’t call me 
'Miss.' It annoys me."

Miko gave a small, nervous laugh. "I’m sorry Miss ... I mean, Professor." 
Washu rolled her eyes. Where had she found the woman? Miko finished her 
giggle. "You know," she said absently, "you are rather hard to take 
seriously at times."

Washu rounded on her. "Is that a fact?" The girl’s features went blank 
as she realized her slip of the tongue, but before she could speak, she 
was violently yanked off her feet. In half-a-second, she was dangling 
upside down in the air, suspended from her feet by an invisible force, 
trying frantically to keep her inverted dress from falling over her head. 
"Listen, foolish girl, I may be little, but I was running this academy 
before most of those pinheads were in diapers!"

"Why, Washu," came a deep voice from behind. "I’m shocked. Mistreatment 
of students is a serious violation of Academy policy."

Washu whirled to face the voice. There, with a satisfied smirk on his 
face, was Dr. Clay. She frowned, and Miko dropped to the floor, landing 
in an undignified tangle of limbs and clothing. Clay’s grin widened and 
Washu grimaced. The lines on his face had deepened over the years, and 
the thick curls of his beard had gone gray. His eyebrows arched owlishly 
beneath his jar-like black hat, and where his left eye had been, there 
was only an unfathomable blackness where an artificial cybernetic device 
had been implanted. It was said that Clay had performed the operation 
himself, voluntarily sacrificing a perfectly functional eye. In the 
blackness that remained gleamed a yellow spark that seemed to grow 
brighter as his smile grew broader.

"Show some respect to your betters, old man," she said. "I’m the 
Director."

"I know," he said. "And in spite of that, just look at the reputation 
you've earned." He examined Miko's trembling form. "Interesting. It's 
usually <male> students, isn't it, Washu?"

Her face burned for a moment, then her eyes narrowed suspiciously. "What 
are you doing in the Supreme Council building?"

"Just passing through," he said with a hint of bravura. "Is it against 
the rules?"

"You know it isn’t," she said.

"Well, then, I’ll just be on my way. Good night, Washu." Hands clasped 
behind his back, he ambled casually down the hall and around the nearest 
corner.

Washu frowned, looking where he had gone, wondering where he was going. 
There had been something in his manner ... Still watching, she reached 
down and offered a hand to Miko. When the girl recoiled slightly, Washu 
said, "Don’t worry. I have a job for you." Still smiling nervously, Miko 
took her hand and clambered to her feet. "See where old pig-face was 
headed?" Miko nodded, going slightly pale. "Yeah, I know. Well stiffen 
up. I want you to follow him. Let me know where he goes, and see if you 
can’t find out if he has contact with anyone. Report back to me 
immediately."

Miko bowed. "Yes, Professor."

"Good girl. Be careful. I’ll find my own way home."

                                   * * *

Kagato was waiting for her on one of her high balconies, his pale skin 
almost translucent in the moonlight. This gave a greenish cast to his 
features as he contemplated the city below. His eyes were narrowed to the 
point where only the glinting red of his pupils was visible. "This place 
truly is a work of beauty," he said.

"They're all fools," said Washu, "Obsessed with their small-minded games. 
Ever since Airai, the Jurai have been paranoid about losing control. I 
wish I'd never led that expedition."

Kagato nodded, sensing that she wanted to talk, accepting that his 
meditation had been pre-empted. "You know, I've never heard that story 
from your perspective," he prompted. "I do recall you were involved."

She sighed. "I suppose it was my place as the department head. It was 
really too important to ignore. The discovery that there was a connection 
between religious artifacts found on worlds across the galaxy ... that 
they could be traced to Airai, and <not> Jurai. That the Tsunami pattern 
was not evident in all of them. The Jurai want their religion to be the 
only religion. They can't accept the fact that maybe there's something 
more."

"Is there something more?" Kagato asked.

"Most certainly. In the study of ancient pre-history, at least three 
distinct patterns were identified." She turned. "Naja's been following up 
on that very research for years. It's the focus of her work at K1190." 
She looked up at the night sky. "You could easily spend a lifetime 
studying relics from across the universe. Who knows? You might even find 
another Tsunami or two. How does that strike you?"

He smiled. "Intriguing."

She turned away from the balcony. "Well, even the most brilliant genius 
in the galaxy needs her sleep. Stay as long as you like."

"Good night, Professor."

Washu vanished into the shadows leading into the house. Kagato remained 
on the balcony and returned to his meditations, eyes glittering with 
possibilities.

                                   * * *

K1190 was a desert world. Most of its surface was sand and rock. 
Constantly shifting dunes, harsh temperatures and frequent sandstorms 
made for treacherous terrain, even to the technologically equipped. So it 
was that the majority of past archaeological work had taken place in the 
rocky areas, which had the dual advantage of making things easier on the 
researchers and containing better-preserved ruins for study and 
excavation. The significance of these sites, however, had declined over 
the years, as digs were stripped of artifacts. What data remained to be 
gathered could be done within the comforts and resources of an Academy 
laboratory, and the old sites were abandoned by the scientists, leaving 
the path clear for treasure-hunters and fortune-seekers willing or 
desperate enough to try their luck.

Naja, however, was looking elsewhere.

Time had made it difficult to obtain relics from beneath the dune seas. 
Hundreds of thousands of years of erosion and shifting landscapes stood 
between Naja and anything of value. But it was not an impossible 
challenge -- not for someone with the resources of the entire Academy and 
the personal support of the Director. Working under a grant from a Jurai 
royal house, she had transported enormous building-machines capable of 
withstanding the desert conditions that could scan deep beneath the 
surface of the planet, and advanced robots that could safely retrieve the 
artifacts. A full complement of scientists working under Jurai super-
vision would clean and do a preliminary study of each artifact before it 
was sent to Daeldwin, an orbital storage facility.

Naja had moved her private tent -- ten-meters in diameter and three 
meters tall at the center -- some distance from the main barracks, 
preferring to work in isolation. It was with hesitation that her 
assistant Yoshi pulled back the flap and cleared his throat, eyes 
averted.

She looked up from her scanning equipment. "Yoshi, come in. Do you have 
it?"

He stepped fully inside the tent and the flap closed behind him. "I have 
it." He held up a triangular stone slab with carvings along the edges.

"So that’s the source of those strange readings?" she asked.

He nodded. "We’ve got the preliminary data. Shall I put it in the transit 
pod?" He motioned to the oblong, coffin-sized device that rested on one 
of her tables.

She shook her head. "No, leave it with me. I want to take a closer look 
at those energy signatures." He made a small bow and held out the stone. 
She took it, thanked him, and ushered him out the flap. Walking to one of 
the tables, she ran one hand across the surface of the stone. It was a 
light tan, and preternaturally smooth to the touch; neither rough nor 
glassy. A faint tingle played across her fingertips as she stroked the 
artifact. Carrying it to the nearest work station, she placed it under-
neath a spectrographic meta-scanner. She flipped a switch on the rect-
angular device and it projected a screen into the air. Nodding to herself 
in satisfaction, Naja initiated the scans, returned to her hammock and 
settled down for a nap.

She was awakened by a dim rumble that shook the sand beneath her tent and 
caused her to rock perilously inside the hammock. Adrenaline shot through 
her veins, and she struggled to maintain her balance. Moments later, 
thousands of years of mental training kicked in, and she calmly leapt 
into the air and landed on her feet.

Then, as suddenly as it had started, the motion ceased and the sands were 
still. Naja's eyes swept the interior of her tent. One wall had partially 
collapsed, dragged beneath a swell of sand and stone. A metal table laden 
with equipment had also been partially submerged, one leg below the 
surface. This had deposited the oval transit pod onto the ground, though 
it did not appear damaged. Thankfully, the table containing the meta-
scanner and artifact was programmed with limited artificial intelligence. 
It had withdrawn its legs and activated repulsor units.

Naja summoned a scanner on her wrist and attempted to contact Yoshi. 
There was no response. Switching frequencies, she hailed the orbiting 
storage vessel. The only response was garbled static.

Another shudder passed beneath her feet. "An earthquake?" she wondered 
aloud. Geographical scans had not detected the possibility of seismic 
activity, or proper precautions would have been taken. None of the 
buildings had been fortified. Filled with sudden worry, she strode to the 
tent's main flapped and pulled it back.

Her first concern was for the building-sized digger factories. 
Inconceivable as it was, a serious malfunction could have destroyed not 
only the facilities themselves but the artifacts they contained, and 
would have accounted for the tremors. Even at two miles distance, a 
moment's glance was enough to assure her that the damage to the mammoth 
structures was only superficial -- some mild tearing and scorching of the 
outer hull along the eastern walls. It was the thick column of smoke that 
drew her attention to the camp. It had been leveled. Massive tents that 
had once stretched fifteen meters into the air were now flaming heaps of 
tattered cloth, pierced throughout at random angles by jutting rods of 
iron.

Naja gaped in astonishment as an oblong shape, glowing orange-red, 
streaked from the sky above to impact in the center of the camp. An 
explosive tower of flame erupted from the ground where it struck, and she 
held up her arm to shield her eyes. The shock-wave rumbled beneath her, 
and before her boots could slip beneath the quaking sand, she was 
hovering a meter above the ground. She searched the sky for the missile's 
point-of-origin. A ruddy orange, barren of clouds, it revealed nothing. 
She turned back towards the ruined camp and squinted. Through the haze, 
her augmented vision could make out tiny shadows moving between the 
collapsed tents. <People are still alive!> she thought, trembling. <My 
goddess ...> Still hovering, she began to speed towards the chaos.

She hadn't gone fifty meters when another projectile cut through the air 
overhead. This one struck one of the oxygen distributors, and Naja barely 
had time to erect a defensive shield before the shock-wave hit. Her arms 
shook as the intense wave of heat and pressure passed over her, and she 
cried out in pain and rage. No one could have survived, she thought, as 
she stared helplessly at the distant mass of molten sand. A tear trickled 
down her cheek. She looked behind her for any sign of further missiles. 
There were none.

She opened a channel to her orbiting science vessel. "This is Akara Naja 
calling OSF Daeldwin. What's going on up there?"

To her relief, there was a response. "A pirate vessel of the Torg clan. 
They managed to get through our defensive satellites somehow. We fled to 
the far side of the planet and they didn't pursue. We think they're after 
the factories."

"You're damn right they're after the factories," Naja said, her voice 
choked. "Everyone down here is dead."

There was a brief silence before the voice responded. "Acknowledged. Do 
you want us to swing back around and pick you up? We're leaking fuel, but 
we might be able to..."

"Negative," Naja said. "You're no match for them in your condition. 
Contact the Jurai and set down someplace safe. I think there's a colony 
of treasure hunters somewhere on your hemisphere. Warn them."

"With respect, Ma'am, if they find you, you'll be killed. Even you can't 
fight off an army."

"I know," Naja said. Her mind worked furiously as she considered her 
options. Her mouth drew into a hard line. "I won't have to. I can create 
a subspace vacuum in the generator complex and program it to collapse 
when the pirates land."

"That will destroy everything in a 50-k radius!"

"Don't worry," Naja said. "There's a transit pod here. It should still be 
functional. I'll use it to shift out of the sync with the dimensional 
spectrum. The power on the pod shouldn't last more than a few hours, but 
it'll be enough. As for the machines, we'll just have to call it a loss. 
Now go!"

"Affirmative," came the reply, and Naja cut off the channel. Her eyes 
returned to the horizon. There shouldn't have been any survivors, but she 
had an obligation to be sure. Raising her gloved hand, she spread the 
palm towards the crater that had been the camp and scanned for signs of 
life. Blinking lights appeared on the back of her hand, all registering 
negative. She released a bitter sigh and headed towards the wreckage.

The generator complex was the nearest building to the camp site, and 
despite its proximity, it was perfectly intact. This was due to fortifi-
cations to the exterior surface designed to protect the volatile equip-
ment from potential disturbances. The pirates would have taken that into 
account before launching their attack. The structure was not, however, 
fortified in such a manner as to physically contain a meltdown -- nor 
could it have been. Instead, intricate failsafes and redundancies in both 
the machinery and the computer system served that function. Naja, 
however, knew how to disable them. She had created the system.

Although the main entrance faced the camp, Naja went to the auxiliary 
doors. The thought of her research team and their families charred to 
blackened husks beneath the ruined tents was hard enough to bear without 
the sight of it. She swallowed. A royal emissary from Jurai had been with 
them, observing and overseeing their progress; a condition of the grant 
to which Naja had not objected. She wished she had. How many Jurai nobles 
had been killed? Had the emissary had family? The Torg guild could not 
have known. Or if they had ... it meant that they were unconcerned about 
retaliatory action. They had let the Daeldwin escape, knowing it meant 
that their identity would not be kept secret. The thought sent a chill 
down Naja's spine. Perhaps it was not a show of confidence on the Torg's 
part, but a set-up performed by a rival guild. What better way to frame 
someone than to stage an attack on Imperial Jurai? A careful examination 
of the wreckage might yield some answers ... but with perhaps hours or 
less to spare before the first salvage teams arrived, she had no time to 
waste. The Daeldwin's records would have to suffice.

Locating the rear entrance, Naja keyed in her access code and stepped 
inside. In spite of its size, the interior of the structure was much more 
like a machine than a building. Makeshift "hallways" existed in the 
spaces between working mechanical parts that were stories tall. There 
were no windows. Light was provided by fixtures attached along those 
metal struts and walls that formed the hallway borders. They glowed a 
neon red. Every so often, a smaller, boxy computer terminal would rise up 
from the floor. These monitored and controlled the various components of 
the world-digger, and it was to these that Naja moved, removing safeties 
and reconfiguring specifications as she went, working her way towards the 
camp-side entrance.

Twelve minutes later she was there, hunched over the final terminal, 
inputting the command that would allow her remote access. She was just 
about to close the panel when she heard a noise from behind. It was high 
in pitch, but soft and rhythmic. After a moment, she recognized it as 
human. Turning, she reached up and detached the overhead light. The main 
doors were visible from where she was standing, but they were closed. 
Moving cautiously, she walked to a thick tangle of pipes running up and 
over the door's left side, and pushed her lamp into one of the larger 
gaps. Her eyes widened with surprise at what the red glow revealed.

It was a little girl, no more than six or seven years of age. She had 
curled up against the wall behind her, and was sobbing beneath labored, 
shallow breaths. Her white and yellow dress was torn and smeared with 
dirt and blood. Wide eyes peered from beneath disheveled pale-green bangs.

Naja knelt and set the lamp on the dirt between them. She held out her 
arms and the girl shifted forward. Naja caught her, and gently pulled her 
out onto the open ground. "You poor darling," Naja whispered as the 
girl's eyes fluttered dizzily. "What were you doing in here? This place 
should have been shut down for the evening."

"The lady," the girl whispered in a shaky voice.

"A lady?" Naja asked. "Your mother?" The girl shook her head. Naja 
recognized the signs of a concussion, and a sinking feeling filled her. 
"Who was your mother?"

The girl closed her eyes in pain. "I don't remember," she moaned. Some-
thing red and wet trickled down between her eyes across the bridge of her 
nose. As she collapsed into Naja's arms, her hair swung back from her 
forehead to reveal a nasty purple welt that oozed blood. "The lady ..." 
she breathed, and her eyes closed.

                                   * * *

Washu's sleep was interrupted by a loud knock at her bedroom door. 
Bleary-eyed, she pulled a nightgown over her shift and fumbled her way 
across the room. Miko stood in the hall. Washu blinked. "Miko? What are 
you doing here at this hour?"

Miko ran a hand through her hair self-consciously. "Um ... you told me to 
report back immediately."

"Oh. And you took me literally." She sighed. "Well, I suppose I should 
have expected it." Miko wrung her hands anxiously and Washu noticed that 
they were scratched along the backs of her wrists. She reached out and 
grasped the girl's hands, leaning forward to scrutinize them. Miko 
gasped. Washu noted that there were also small tears around her dress. 
"You get in a chase or something?"

The girl nodded breathlessly. "I was followed on my way back here. I ... 
I got scared, so I went over the east wall. The plants there have 
thorns ..."

Washu frowned. "You're lucky your dimensional signature is still 
registered with the automatic security system. Who was following you?"

"I didn't get a good look. It was humanoid ... tall. It wouldn't come 
near the wall."

"That's interesting. When did you notice you were being followed?"

"Shortly after I left the Supreme Council building. I heard an ipsis call 
and I turned to look. I saw someone vanish behind a tree, so I pretended 
not to notice and kept walking."

"Smart girl," Washu murmured. Perhaps there was something to the young 
woman after all.

"But I knew they were still there," Miko continued. "At first, I thought 
it might be Dr. Clay, but ..."

"But he's too short and fat," Washu offered.

Miko flushed. "Right."

Washu crossed her arms. "So. To the best of my knowledge, that's not 
standard security procedure. Maybe someone has something to hide. What 
did you find out?"

"Well, I followed Dr. Clay to Lord Tyon's office ..."

"Lord Tyon's office?" Washu interrupted. "That's odd. At the central 
network?"

Miko shook her head. "No, his private one. I've never actually been 
inside, but I had to escort an ambassador there once, when I was working 
there."

"Very interesting," Washu said. She stepped back and made a gesture. A 
floating pillow bearing a computer phased into existence. "Let's see what 
we can dig up." Miko waited anxiously while Washu typed. At length, she 
let her hands fall to her sides. "Hmmm ... according to this, there's no 
reason those two should be meeting. They don't have any common projects. 
Perhaps they're planning something for the future." Her eyes narrowed and 
she scrolled down. "Hold on a second ... yes ... yes. Strange. Tyon is 
the head of the Supreme Council. He's directly involved in long-reaching 
projects in each of the departments ... except this one." She hit a 
button. A department logo filled the screen.

Miko leaned in for a closer look. "Defense?"

"Bingo," Washu said. "An unlikely coincidence. Why do you suppose he's 
keeping his nose out of the RDOD?"

"Deniability?" Miko suggested.

Washu's estimation of the girl shot up another notch. "My thoughts 
exactly. Now the only question is what to do about it." She crossed her 
arms and reflected for a moment. "More research is required," she said at 
last. "You've done very well, Miko. Why don't you stay here tonight? You 
can have the royal suite if you want."

The girl's eyes widened to the size of small plates. "Miss Washu ..."

Washu brushed her aside. "Yes, yes, it's alright. I won't tell if you 
won't. And don't call me 'Miss.' Now go. We'll start work in the 
morning."

Bowing hastily, a tremulous smile on her face, Miko left.

"In the morning," Washu whispered. "I'll look into it in the morning." 
Even as she said it, she knew she would not sleep. With an annoyed sigh, 
she summoned a cushion to sit on and went to work.

                                   * * *

Naja watched as the little girl ate. The child slurped her soup noisily, 
paying little attention to the broth that sloshed out of the spoon and 
onto her chin. She would only pause long enough to lick her lips, eyeing 
Naja with the quick, fervent glances of a born skeptic.

Naja sighed and glanced down at the data pad in her hands. She'd worked 
up a complete genetic profile of Seto. That was the girl's name. It was 
the most useful piece of information Naja could coax out of the girl, who 
seemed to be having trouble simply remaining in the present. As soon as 
Seto had regained consciousness, and after her wounds had been treated, 
Naja had begun questioning her. The child had remained tight-lipped, 
however, and their time was running out. When she had spoken, she had 
talked only of "the lady," and even then was slow with details.

Seto tipped the last of the soup into her mouth, missing the majority of 
it, which trickled down her chin. Naja decided to try again.

"You're sure that after the lady led you into the compound, she didn't go 
back outside?"

The girl shook her head solemnly. "She made me close the doors. Then she 
got really bright and disappeared."

Naja scratched her head. A teleporter? A dimensional shift, more likely. 
"What was she wearing."

"I dunno. Robes." Seto cocked her head to one side. "And I remember some-
thing else. Her hair was blue."

"Go on," Naja prompted. "Anything else?"

"It came down really long in the back." Her eyes lit up eagerly. "And she 
had a mark on her face! Like this!" The girl held up two fingers and 
pressed them against the skin of her forehead. She removed her hand, 
leaving two red marks that faded as the blood redistributed.

Naja sat straight up. <Tsunami? Here? But why?> She looked at the data 
pad. <That girl's genetic signature ... perhaps this little one is more 
important than I realized.> She stood. "Clean yourself up," she said, 
tossing Seto a towel. She had tried to touch the girl on the face earlier 
and almost lost a finger.

Seto caught the towel. "Why?"

"Just do it. No arguing." Naja knelt down to Seto's level as the girl 
reluctantly wiped her chin. "I want you to listen to me very carefully. 
We're the only two people on the planet, do you understand? There are 
some bad men coming, and I don't want them to find us."

Seto ran the towel across her eyes. "The same bad men who made the 
thunder?"

Naja nodded. "That's right."

"Where are my parents?" she asked.

Naja was taken aback by the question, and her eyes widened with sympathy. 
How much did the girl remember? "Your family will come to find you very 
soon," she whispered.

"How do you know?"

Naja reached over and took the towel. "I just know. Now come on." Naja 
offered her hand, and Seto took it reluctantly. Naja led her to the 
transit pod. She pressed a seemingly blank region on the smooth ebony 
surface. A red light flashed beneath her fingertips and the top of the 
device slid open like a coffin. "This machine will keep you safe until 
the bad men are gone."

Seto shrank back from the pod. "Where will you be," she asked in a small 
voice.

"There's only room for one person in there. But don't you worry ..." She 
cupped the girl's face in her hand and winked. "They won't find a trace 
of me."

Seto shook her small head. "I don't want to go in there. I'm scared."

"Don't be afraid," Naja said, drawing one hand around the girl's back. 
"It'll be just like taking a nap. You'll see." Seto stiffened briefly as 
the tiny hypodermic needle concealed in Naja's palm found its mark on the 
back of her neck. Then she slumped forward, unconscious, into Naja's 
ready arms. 

Tenderly, Naja lifted the small body into the transit pod and ran a quick 
check on pulse and breath rate. When she was satisfied, the top slid 
shut. "Sleep well," she whispered, running a hand across the sleek 
surface. It rippled in the air for a moment and then disappeared, 
slipping into another reality.

Naja turned back to her disheveled work tables, drinking in the sight. A 
thousand lifetimes worth of work, and this was all that remained to her. 
Her course of action was clear. The energy in the transit pod was not 
sufficient to last for long. If it reappeared amidst pirates ... there 
was no telling what horrors would be inflicted on a pretty, defenseless 
girl, even one as young as Seto.

Her face became sad and tired. If only there was some other way ... but 
she had not known she was not alone on the planet. It was too late now 
for her ship to attempt a retrieval. She didn't have enough resources to 
fight the pirates off. There was nowhere to hide, no method of travel 
except by foot ... no, there was only one way she could make sure that 
the girl was placed beyond harm.

Stepping over to the computer that gave her remote access to the 
factories, she began keying in the proper codes. As she finished, she 
cocked her head to one side, fancying she could hear the drone of 
approaching ships. But they were only aural phantoms. According to the 
proximity detector that rested on the table the Torg landing craft were 
just now entering orbit. Closing her eyes, she keyed in the final code.

In four hours, the transit pod would reappear in the middle of a kilo-
meters-wide crater.

Calmly, Naja walked across the room to her audio system. Running a finger 
down the adjacent stack of music cards, she selected one that Kagato had 
sent her. It was something he had personally reconstructed on one of his 
expeditions: an untranslated opera from a dead race. She inserted it into 
the machine and closed her eyes. At once beautiful music filled her ears 
... a haunting, flowing melody in a register so high it was almost 
painful. <When the gods, speak, it must sound like this,> she thought.

Naja sat down cross-legged on the sand to wait. Her breathing deepend as 
she began to empty her mind.

The sacred moment was interrupted by a rude beep from the spectrograph 
machine. Naja looked up. Her eyes fell on the triad artifact. Analysis 
complete. She had forgotten all about it. If she'd thought about it, she 
might have made room for it in stasis with the girl.

A sudden curiousity seized her. <Why not?> she thought. Rising, she 
approached the machine. The artifact seemed to be staring up at her, the 
round depressions on its points like three widely-spaced eyes. She traced 
its perimeter with one finger. There was something there she hadn't seen 
before. Something about the etchings seemed familiar. <If those are 
heiroglyphs, they're incredibly sophisticated ... almost like ...>

A memory ... Washu and Naja celebrating after the conclusive testing of a 
successful Kagato ... Washu, slightly drunk, allowing Naja access to her 
private store of data, where her research on the Tsunami project had been 
corroborated with ... with ...

A connection flared within Naja's mind. Impulsively, she grabed the data 
pad containing Seto's genetic information. She fed it into the spectro-
graph and watched the numbers begin to compile.

She was unaware of the far-off droning of approaching ships. On her 
computer, the countdown proceeded unnoticed. She was also oblivious to 
the unconscious manner in which she had begun to grip the artifact ... 
and the ever-so-faint limbus of pale red light that had begun to suffuse 
her.

The numbers came faster now, almost reckless. She chuckled.

<This changes everything, Washu! And you don't even know ... you don't 
even ...>

Naja's chuckle turned into a laugh. The air crackled with energy.

She was still laughing when fire began to fall from the sky in hot, 
molten threads.

                                   * * *

Kagato threw open the door to Washu's office without bothering to knock, 
his face a mask of rage. She looked up from the desk. His yellow eyes 
seemed encased in a film of ice. "You've heard," she said quietly.

He regarded her as if she had suddenly sprouted feathers. "Have I heard?" 
he hissed. "You evidently have. And yet you sit there at your work, as if 
nothing has happened?"

Washu bowed her head slowly and moved a hand across the papers on her 
desk. "I uncovered evidence of a secret alliance between Dr. Clay and 
Lord Tyon. I called in some favors and confirmed it. He's been covertly 
supplying weapons research from the Academy to the Royal Department of 
Defense. Weapons capable of overpowering the defense satellites we 
currently employ for field missions." She closed her eyes. "Then I heard 
about the attack on K1190 and I did some research. Last month the Torg 
guild released fourteen political prisoners ..."

Kagato's fist clenched so tight that the white fabric of the glove on his 
right hand tore at the knuckles. "Sold out," he rasped. "Our own 
research ..."

Washu could sense powerful energies gathering around him, and she held up 
a hand. "Let me handle this. I'll take the information directly to the 
media. It's going over Jurai's head, but I don't see how we have a 
choice. You save your strength for the trip to K1190.

Kagato stared at her incredulously. "The link is gone! Don't you under-
stand that? Don't tell me you haven't felt it! The link is <gone>!"

She stood. "Her ship, the Daeldwin, just arrived in system. There's a 
small chance she's alive in dimensional stasis ..."

He shifted backwards through the door, not allowing her to finish. His 
billowed cape was the last of him to vanish, but the icy imprint of his 
eyes seemed to hang in the air after him. 

Washu bowed her head. She hated to deceive him ... but it was better this 
way. The last thing she needed at this crucial juncture was for Kagato to 
launch himself into a blind act of vengeance. Better that he should 
occupy himself collecting whatever Naja had thought worth saving. 
Reflexively, she reached up to stroke the satchel that hung around her 
neck. The shock wave of pain that had traveled through the gems had been 
unmistakable. <Why now?> "Naja," she whispered, and a tear slid down her 
cheek. "What am I going to do without you?"

                                   * * *

When Lord Tyon shut the door to his private office and turned around, he 
found Dr. Clay waiting for him, grim and implacable as a statue, with his 
false eye glimmering in the shadows. Tyon raised a thin eyebrow. "Well. I 
must say, I'm surprised to find you here. I would have thought you'd have 
fled by now. Perhaps you haven't heard the news?"

Clay sneered. "It's all over the networks. My ship has been impounded. I 
need you to authorize an override."

Tyon laughed harshly. "I will do no such thing."

Clay jumped forward with a speed that belied his size and seized the 
other man by the collar. "You fool!" he hissed. "If I go down, you go 
with me!"

Tyon stepped back, his face a mask of stoic calm. Gingerly, he removed 
Clay's large hands from his shirt. "I don't know what you're talking 
about," he said. "The evidence linking us is circumstantial at best. I 
think you'll find that all data points to my political aide ... who has 
mysteriously fled the planet along with a large sum of money."

Clay's face contorted into a grimace of rage, tinted with dark amusement. 
"Ah, I see. Of course. Your hands are clean. All you need is a scapegoat 
... someone to take the public fall." One heavy fist smacked into the 
palm of his left hand. "They're calling for my blood out there! That 
damned Washu has turned them all against me! The jealous fools!"

"<Director> Washu," said Tyon firmly, "has been more than generous in 
this matter. Though it appears we'll have to give her proposal of 'Galaxy 
Academy' autonomy more careful consideration if we wish to ensure good 
relations for Jurai in the future."

"She's played you like a fool," Clay jeered. "You and this whole planet. 
This is all her doing, don't you see?"

"I'm afraid I don't see," Tyon sniffed. "Furthermore, it would be un-
seemly for the authorities to find you here. Please don't force me to 
call security."

"I need that override!" Clay raged, spittle flying from his mouth.

"I'm afraid I can't do that."

Clay's arms fell at his sides. "Very well then. I was hoping it wouldn't 
come to this. You might have been useful in the future ..." His lips 
spread in a cruel smile. He made a motion with his right hand, speaking a 
single word. "Zero."

A shape detached itself from the shadows on the wall behind Clay; tall 
and thin and dark as night. Tyon instinctively drew back in horror.

"You know, Lord Tyon," Clay said conversationally, "Washu really has come 
up with some amazing innovations. For example: did you know she invented 
a device that allows anything to be copied ... as long as there is a pre-
existing blueprint?"

Tyon only gaped in astonishment as the sleek shape advancing towards him 
began to melt. Viscous, metallic liquid trickled down the humanoid form. 
Where formerly had rested a blank sphere, he found himself staring into a 
perfect replica of his own face.

"I'll have your authorization," Clay said coldly. "One way or another."

Tyon tried to scream, but hands identical to his own had closed around 
his throat. He flailed uselessly, too late remembering the gun concealed 
beneath his desk. It was his last thought as the life was throttled out 
of him. His eyes turned up, flashing white in his skull, then he became 
limp. Its murderous work completed, his stone-faced doppelganger tossed 
his body to the side and turned to look at Clay.

"Was the complete memory record successfully duplicated?" he asked it.

"Yes, Doctor."

Clay's smile broadened. "Excellent. Now access his computer."

The duplicate indicated Tyon's discarded form. "And the body?"

"Leave it. By the time they find his worthless flesh we'll be halfway 
across the galaxy."

With a bow of obeisance, the creature went to work.

                                   * * *

Kagato entered quietly. In the days since his departure, Washu had not 
left the large chair behind her desk, conducting all her personal 
business remotely. Now she swiveled to face him. In answer to her un-
spoken question, he regarded her coldly.

"A Jurai girl," he said, voice laced with hate. "To think that Naja chose 
to save one of <them>." He paused. "You knew, didn't you?"

"Yes," she said softly. "I knew."

"And you didn't tell me?" he demanded. "You let that worthless hope 
fester inside of me?"

"I couldn't be sure," she said. "No ... no, you deserve to know the 
truth. I didn't want you to do something you'd regret later."

"How altruistic," he said bitterly.

Washu sighed. "Kagato ... this is a turning point. The importance of what 
Naja's sacrifice has allowed us to accomplish ... I simply couldn't risk 
it counting for nothing."

He frowned. "What do you mean?"

"The tide of public opinion has turned against Jurai. Their control over 
the Academy is coming to an end. I authorized the treaty myself this 
morning. This is no longer the Royal Science Academy."

"And what is it now?"

"They'll call it the Galaxy Academy, I expect. It's what I put on all the 
proposals."

"They?" He raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean by that?"

"I'm stepping down as Director." His eyes widened in shock, and she held 
up a hand. "It's the only way, believe me. There are those who would 
accuse me of manufacturing the crisis to further my own power."

"They would accuse you of murdering your own partner?" he said loudly.

Washu spread her hands wide. "Naja left no body. As hard as it is to 
accept, my stepping down is the only way to silence the accusations. In 
any case, it's already done. I announced my retirement earlier today. The 
Chiefs of Staff will elect a new Director next week." She took a deep 
breath. "Besides ... my work as Director is completed. It's been so 
long ..." She smiled faintly. "You might say I'm feeling my age. There 
are ... certain projects I've delayed for too long. And you ... are a 
part of them."

"I don't understand."

"Here," she said. From beneath her desk, she produced a stack of worn 
paper documents and handed them to him. "Your mother wanted you to have 
these."

He took them, mystified. His eyes moved rapidly as he flipped through the 
pages, and he adjusted his glasses at the tip of his nose. "These 
are ..."

"The blueprints for your conception." She stepped closer to him, speaking 
gently. "You've always known, to some degree, the manner in which you 
were created."

"Of course," he breathed. "But <this> ..."

"There's more," she said. "Kagato, you were designed for perfect compati-
bility with a living ship ... on a level never before attempted apart 
from Tsunami and the Jurai! Your mother and I worked on it together. You 
were the prototype. And you can see the ship there." She indicated a 
page. "The Soja."

He took it in. "This exists?"

"Only partly. I need your help to complete it. You were meant to be a 
part of the process from the beginning, you see. We were waiting until 
you were ready ... now's as good a time as any, I suppose."

"You sound reluctant."

She shook her head. "Only at the circumstances." She looked up at him, 
becoming suddenly conscious of how small she was by comparison. Shifting 
into her adult form, she reached out in compassion to touch his face. He 
withdrew from her hand. "Here we are talking of these things ... are 
there no tears?"

"No tears," he said in a voice as hard and cold as iron. "What's done is 
done."

"Mourn in your own way, then. I have important work to do." She stepped 
towards the door. "Pack your things. We leave the planet at dawn." Then 
she was gone into the dark corridor outside.

He gathered his cloak about his shoulders and followed her.

                                   * * *

Somewhere in the dark recesses of space, Clay awoke. Realizing that he 
had dozed off in the comforts of his throne-like chair, he re-oriented 
himself with his surroundings. He was in the command center of his ship: 
a comfortable, open space that had been well-accoutered with various 
works of art. Even the navigation console, currently helmed by Zero, was 
sculpted so as to appear of one piece with the floor. The bridge was 
rimmed with tall, non-reflective viewports, giving him a magnificent view 
of the naked cosmos. It was in studying the stars that he realized what 
had awakened him: the ship had stopped moving. Furthermore, the 
constellations were unfamiliar.

"Zero," he barked. The robot had returned to its base form, all of Tyon's 
memories and emotions having been summarily erased following the mission. 
"Surely we haven't arrived at our destination yet! Where are we?"

There was no reply.

"Zero!" Drawing himself up, he strode over to the navigation console. 
"What's the matter with you? Why aren't you responding?" But the robot 
remained still. Huffing with annoyance, Clay examined the ring around his 
finger that controlled Zero's motor functions.

Abruptly, Zero's head pivoted towards him. The vertical indicator-light 
that usually cleaved its face had been distorted into an oval shape. When 
it spoke, it was not with its customary high-pitched tone, but rather a 
deep voice that seemed to originate mere microns from Clay's ears. "I 
have taken control of your machine," the voice said.

Clay stepped backwards in shock. "This can't be the Jurai's doing! The 
Seniwa Police?" His head bobbed from side to side as he searched the 
windows for any sign of other ships.

"No," came the voice.

Clay turned back to Zero, preparing to crush the ring in his fist if need 
be, incapacitating the robot as effectively as cutting the strings on a 
marionette. "Where are we?" he demanded.

"I have brought you to my realm."

"That is not an answer!" Clay snapped.

"It will suffice."

"I demand to know how you have done this!"

The voice remained maddeningly calm and measured. "You are in no position 
to make demands. Nevertheless, your questions will be answered. You have 
been brought here for a purpose."

"I serve no one's purposes but my own."

"Listen to what I have to say and you may reconsider," the voice said. "I 
serve one who seeks servants in this dimension."

Clay's eyes narrowed suspiciously. This dimension? This opened up new 
worlds of possibility. "And who is your employer, then?"

"That will become clear to you in time."

"Then what is your offer? I detest games."

"Behold!" thundered the voice.

A moment passed in silence, and Clay was about to ask what precisely he 
should be beholding, when a sphere of energy appeared in the air before 
him. He squinted at the globe, thinking he could discern shapes within 
it. "This is a record of some battle," he said aloud. "That's a Shank 
Guild cruiser! But that faction is extinct!" His eyes widened as the 
image in the globe was destroyed in a fiery explosion.

"These ones displeased Her Majesty."

Clay's face registered a growing awareness. "And you think that I might 
... please Her Majesty?"

"You would have power such as you have never seen. The same power that 
destroyed that ship and more. Knowledge to rival all."

Clay affected disinterest, folding his hands over his expansive stomach. 
"And what exactly makes you think I'm interested? Nothing you have shown 
me is outside my own grasp. Even your possession of this ship could be 
accomplished with my own technology."

"YOU SEEK PROOF?"

The voice amplified to the point where it shook the bridge, and for a 
moment Clay thought he had made a mistake. A moment later he was certain 
of it. Before his eyes, the familiar sight of his bridge vanished, 
replaced by a long, empty corridor that seemed to hang amidst nothing-
ness. No, not nothing -- with his prosthetic eye he detected high-level 
dimensional reactions all around him. He drew back in fear as towering 
shadows sprung up on all sides, blacker even than the mad energies 
surrounding them.

"Kneel!" The voice was softer here, but carried greater weight. Clay fell 
prostrate to his knees, trembling. Something like music filled his mind, 
but like no music he had ever heard. It frightened him. And for the first 
time in countless years he considered the possibility of something 
greater than himself.

"Bow down!" the voice rang out; it pierced him like a spear. "Bow down 
before Lady Tokimi!"



=========================================================================
CONTINUED IN: Washu's Lullaby - Part VII: The Mother
=========================================================================