Tenchi Muyo: Wasurenai 
By 

Long T. Tran 
Author of Ryoko's Love

and 

BGlanders
Author of Gentle Sound of Thunder


Disclaimer:


The characters you're about to read are owned and created by AIC/ 
Pioneer.  I intend to use these characters solely for entertainment 
purposes.  I don't intend to 
make any money.  


Authors' Notes:


I'm taking a small and brief break from Ryoko's Love a bit.  And 
decided to write this little short story.  This tale is a "what-if" 
kind of scenario.  What would happen if the OAV (after the events 
of MNNE) Ryoko somehow ended up in the first Tenchi TV universe?
Well, let's see what happens.... 

This story is takes place after the events of TMiL. 


---------------------------------------------------------------------


Peace at the Winter Countryside (OAV Universe)


Above the countryside and through the snowy skies,  Ryoko flew 
towards the blue roofed Masaki home.  It's been a month since the New 
Year rung in and the grounds have been covered by a week's worth of 
snow.  Coming back from running errands in town, Ryoko grumbled 
unhappily as the cold frigid air enveloped her body as she crossed 
the air.  Ryoko carried two bags in her hands, one large one small, 
The large bag had groceries and the small one contained medicine.  
Washu was currently away on the planet Jurai, meeting the Juriain 
Council discussing matters of Ryoko's Gems.  Sasami and Aeka had to 
accompany Washu.  

<Grr! I hate running these stupid errands!>  Ryoko thought angrily.    

The only other persons left were Baby Mayuka, Ryo-Ohki, Tenchi, 
Mihoshi, Kiyone Nobuyuki and Yosho.  Nobuyuki was currently enjoying 
his well deserved two-week vacation.  Yosho is still your everyday 
Priest/Royal Prince/Swordsman, nothing much has changed.  Mihoshi and 
Kiyone were on shore leave and were able to take care of Baby Mayuka 
while Ryoko was out shopping in the city.  Ryo-Ohki was probably 
somewhere in the house eating one of her carrots.  

Washu, Aeka, and Sasami were gone for two days and were not due back 
until the end of next week, which meant that Ryoko finally is finally 
alone with Tenchi.  She should be happy, right?  Wrong.  A day after 
the other girls left, Tenchi caught a high fever.  For the past two 
days, Ryoko had never been so worried about Tenchi.  When his high 
fever started up the other day, Tenchi was delirious.  

Ryoko was in the living room watching TV, when Tenchi stood in front 
of her and held up two pairs of pants, he asked.  "Which pants should 
I play with?"  

Next, after asking her that bizarre question, he started yelling at 
her accusing her of making the chestnuts talk.  Then he went to bed 
and was there ever since.  For the past couple of days Tenchi slept 
while Ryoko tended his health.   Finally, this morning, the medicine 
ran out and Ryoko volunteered over Kiyone to go shop.  Ryoko was 
nearly halfway home, in a few minutes, she can stop worrying about 
leaving Tenchi's present condition.  


Washu's Experiment (TV1 Universe)  


Inside the dark Pseudo-lab, Washu ever-so-diligently worked on her 
latest invention. Well, not exactly a new invention, more like an 
upgrade to add an extra function to her Dimensional Tuner.  After two 
days of non-stop labor, Washu fused the silver cylinder to the 
Tuner's main component (that eyeball looking thing).  

"Yes!  I'm finally finished!"  Washu said happily.  Then, Washu's 
pair of puppets appeared on her shoulders.  "All I have to do now is 
flip the switch and see what lies beyond the known 
boundaries of our universe!"

"You're the greatest, Washu!" Exclaimed Puppet A.

"You are a genius, Washu!  The best in the whole wide universe!"  
Said Puppet B.

"I know, I know."  Washu replied confidently. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!"

After a minute of maniacal laughter, Washu regained her composure and 
flipped the power switch.  The Dimensional Tuner started to slightly 
hum and rattle,  to Washu peered over to the monitor that was 
attached to the left-side of the tuner and watched patiently.  The 
screen flickered on and the picture danced through different mottles 
of color.  After a moment, the view screen finally settled down and 
begun to focus.  Eager to see what different universes exists, 
Washu leans forward and stares hard at the screen.  As the screen 
focused,  Washu witnessed her first parallel dimension.  She saw a 
parallel Ryoko, flying through a snowy sky, holding two different 
bags in her hands.  Washu noted the weather.

<Hmm.  Looks like weather conditions coincide with each other even 
throughout  different 
dimensions.>

"Hello, Washu!!!"  Mihoshi greeted loudly, startling Washu in the 
process.

Washu hugged her chest, gasping in a breath of air.  "Mihoshi?!  How 
did you get in here?!  I had alarms set throughout the lab!?"

"Oh, I don't know-"

Washu interrupted.  "Never mind!  Don't answer.  I know how you got 
through.  You were lost, right?" 

Mihoshi gasped in excitement.  "That's so amazing!  How did you know 
that, Washu?"        

Washu sighed, tiredly, she peered over to the monitor doing her best 
to ignore the Blonde GP officer.  Mihoshi stood next to Washu and 
looked at the tuner curiously.

"So what are you looking at, Washu?  What's Ryoko doing with all 
those grocery bags?  I thought she's outside playing in the snow with 
Tenchi and the others."

"Actually, that's not the same Ryoko."

"Huh?  What do you mean?"

Washu sighed again, she didn't want to glance at Mihoshi at all.  
"Okay, I upgraded this dimensional tuner to see how many other 
dimensions that may exist beyond ours'.  Basically, that's a 
different Ryoko we're looking at and..."

"?"  Mihoshi did not understand one word of Washu's lecture as her 
mind wandered off, she unwittingly pushed a few buttons on the 
Tuner's control console.

"As you can see, Mihoshi.  The same Earth except different 
possibilities!  And-"

Washu heard a sudden high pitched whistle coming from the tuner's 
mechanism.  She peered over to Mihoshi and glared at her accusingly.  

"Oops."

Mihoshi tried to look innocent.  "What did you do!?!" 

"Um well, I uh..."

"Never mind!!" Washu shouted as she quickly examined the diagnostic 
displays of the tuner.  The scientist was trying to figure out what 
the Tuner was doing in order to undo it.  Then the tuner started to 
shake violently.   


Pain (OAV) 


In Mayuka's room, Kiyone watched as Mihoshi placed the blue-haired 
baby into the crib.

"There you go little Mayuka."  Mihoshi said happily as she tucked the 
baby in.

Mayuka laughed softly while looking up at Mihoshi.

Kiyone smiled, she peered out the bedroom window and noticed Ryoko 
flying towards the house. "Looks like Ryoko is finally returning."

"Oh goodie!  Looks like Tenchi will get his medicine!"  The blonde 
said happily.

"You look after Mayuka,  I'll go out and meet Ryoko."  

"Okay."

Kiyone walked out of the bedroom and made her way towards the front 
door.

Ryoko was only a minute away from reaching home when suddenly, a 
surge of intense pain coursed through her body.  The grocery bags 
fell to the frozen ground and Ryoko disappeared.  


Winter Fun (TV) 


In front of the red-roofed, Masaki home.  A little snow fight was 
currently took Place.

"Come back here, Ryoko!  You're not getting away THAT easily!"  
Tenchi yelled loudly as he ran through the snow, chasing after the 
flying space pirate.  He throws a snowball at her. 

"You can't get me, Tenchi!  There's no way!  Nyah nyah!"  Ryoko 
exclaimed as she dodged one of Tenchi's snowballs. 

"We'll see about that!"  Said another voice coming from behind Ryoko.

"Huh?"  Ryoko said quizzically as she felt a small thump on the back 
of head.  She turned around, rubbed her hand against her head and 
found snow on her hands.

Sasami laughed loudly.  

"I told you so, Ryoko!"  Tenchi said.

"Being sneaky, eh?"  Ryoko said in a general manner with mock 
accusation.  Ryoko floated down to meet Sasami.  

"Yep!"  Replied the princess.

Tenchi walked up to the pair and smiled.  Ryoko appears behind Tenchi 
and hugs onto him, pressing her body.  

"Oh Tenchi darling!"

Tenchi tensed.  "R-Ryoko, you shouldn't..."

"Oh relax!  I'm just showing my love for you."

"But..."

"No buts!"  Ryoko interrupted again.

"Ryoko!"  Aeka screamed as she angrily walked towards Tenchi and 
Ryoko. 

Tenchi sighed.  "Oh boy.  Here we go..."

"Oh look.  It's princess grapehead." 

Aeka stormed up to Tenchi and his new found appendage.  Her face was 
redder than the Yagami and her temper was through the roof, or in 
this case, the sky.  

"What did you call me, Miss Ryoko?"  Aeka's face turned even redder 
as Tenchi braced for the inevitable.

"I called you a grape head, but looking at your face, I guess you're 
more of a beet."  Ryoko laughed as Aeka's logs started to float 
beside her.

"HOW DARE YOU...!"

That's when the snowball hit her square in the back of the head.

Aeka swung around, her eyes two blazing infernos of rage, only to 
find a smiling Sasami standing behind her.

"Aeka, calm down.  Try to have some fun!"  Sasami giggled as Aeka's 
rage slowly turned from the space pirate to the tiny princess.

"Sasami..."  Aeka obviously didn't take the joke well.

"Come on, Tenchi.  Let's leave these two alone and find a fire place 
to snuggle in front of."  

Ryoko cooed as she started to drag a flailing Tenchi behind her.

"Ryoko, stop!  Let me go!"

"Aw come on Tenchi, it'll be fun.  The two of us, a roaring fire, a 
snuggly blanket... Just me and you and you and me, Tenchi."

"I don't wanna!  Help me Sasami...!"

Sasami would have helped, had she not been running from a hailstorm 
of snowballs provided by a not-so-furious Aeka.

"It's no use running, Sasami!  You cannot escape!  Azaka!  Kamadaki!"

"Yes ma'am."  The two logs chimmed as they materialized beside the 
elder princess.

"I order you to capture princess Sasami and to bring her to me!"

"Yes ma'am." The two logs started to float after the fleeing 
princess.

"No fair Aeka!"  Sasami called back as she took off over a nearby 
hill.

Aeka watched the Guardians in their pursuit, then suddenly realized 
why she had been so angry in the first place.  She spun around, only 
to find nothing at all.

"MISS RYOKO...!"

Pain  (OAV)

Pain.  Searing, white-hot pain.  Ryoko could feel it coursing through 
her entire body.  A thousand white-hot needles.  A million daggers 
piercing every inch of flesh.  Light as bright and as hot as the sun.  
Pain as cold and as dark as the blackest void.  Ryoko felt all this, 
and so much more that I dare not describe.  

She had been flying towards the house, the medicine safe in her arms, 
when suddenly all hell had broken loose.  Finally, as unexplainably 
as it had started,

The pain stopped.

Ryoko felt herself falling, her body now too weak to respond to any 
mental commands.  She could feel her body shutting down, but before 
she passed out completely, she caught sight of a small, blue-haired 
child directly below her.

"Sasami..?"  Ryoko horasly whispered as the world around her faded to 
black.

Sasami's Discovery (TV)

Sasami bolted over the snowy hill, giggling and smiling as the 
Guardians stayed in hot pursuit.  

"Nyah-Nyah, you'll never catch me!"  Sasami sung as she tossed 
snowballs at the two floating 
logs.

"Please princess, cease your running."  Azaka chirped.

"Yes, this is rather pointless, as are your attacks."  Joined in 
Kamadaki.

Sasami just continued to laugh.

"Don't you two know what a snowball fight is?"

"Snowball..."

"...Fight?"

Sasami stopped to catch her breath.  The logs, intrigued by the young 
princesses words, stopped to listen.

"Tell us of this snowball fight."  Azaka said, a sweat drop starting 
to form on his side.

"Well, you pick up snow like this.."  Sasami took some snow from the 
ground and started to pack it into a ball.  

"And you pack it down like this.."  Then Sasami took aim at Kamadaki.  

"Then you throw it at someone, like this!"  With that, Sasami let the 
snowball fly.  It landed square in Kamadaki's monitor.

"Ahh, I see now."  Said Azaka.

"I don't"  Said a now blind Kamadaki.

"Hmm, may we try, princess?"  Azaka asked.  Sasami nodded, a smile on 
her face.  That smile quickly vanished as a huge mound of snow rose 
from the space between the logs and broke up into hundreds of fist-
shaped balls of snow.

"Oboy..."

Seconds before the Guardians let loose, a shadow appeared between 
them and Sasami.  Seconds later, Ryoko landed with a loud FWOOMP in 
the snow.

"Ryoko!"  Sasami screamed, all thoughts of the snowball fight now 
gone from her mind.

The Guardians dropped their snowballs and approached the unconscious 
demoness.  

"She appears hurt."  Azaka noted.

"She is hurt.  You two, get her to the house right now!"

"Yes ma'am!"  Both logs chirped.  As the picked up Ryoko between 
them, Kamadaki remembered why they had been out her in the first 
place.  With a thought, Sasami joined Ryoko inside the force field.

"Hey!  No fair!"

"Sorry."  The two logs said in unison as they teleported back to the 
house.


 Meanwhile, Back At The Ranch (TV)

"Come on Tenchi, don't you want to get nice and warm?"

Ryoko purred and crawled across the couch.  Tenchi sat at the other 
side, and probably would have answered her if not for the gag in his 
mouth.  Ryoko giggled as Tenchi tried to struggle out of his bonds 
and traced a circle on his shirt with her finger.

"We're all alone on a snowy day, just the two of us.  Come on, 
Tenchi, I'll help you get warm."

"MMmmph!

"What?  What was that?"  Ryoko put her hand to her ear.  "You say you 
want me to warm you up?"

"MMMPpph!"

"Ohh Tenchi, you want me to do what?"  Ryoko snuggled closer, putting 
her hands around his neck.

"MMMPPPPHHH!"

"Oh, come on, Tenchi.  Just once try to lighten up and enjoy the 
moment, why don't you?"

"Maybe because Lord Tenchi doesn't appreciate being seduced by a 
monster woman like you!"

Ryoko froze as an all-too-familiar voice cut through the air like a 
knife.  Behind Ryoko, Aeka stood, fists clenched and eyes blazing 
red.  

"How DARE you try such a cheap ploy for Lord Tenchi's affections!  
It's time someone taught you a lesson about manners, and that someone 
is ME!"

Ryoko, seeing Aeka's logs forming around her person, dropped Tenchi 
face first on the couch and summoned her energy sword.

"Come on Aeka, you know that in an all out battle, I'm the stronger, 
so why don't you just give up now?"

Aeka and Ryoko stood in a deadlock.  Aeka's logs floated all through 
the living room, while the ozone from Ryoko's sword started to grow 
thick in the air.  Aeka was about to advance, that is until she 
noticed she was only halfway out of her snowsuit.

"Oh darn!  Ohh, get off me you stupid thing!"  Aeka continued to 
struggle with her newfound foe while Ryoko stood with a smile on her 
face.  Her light saber now deactivated.  

"Ha!  You think you can take me on when you can't even defeat a 
simple snowsuit?  Ahahahahaha!"

Aeka's face turned several new shades of hate as Ryoko rolled across 
the floor, convulsing in fits of laughter.  After several kicks and 
thrashings, the suit finally freed itself from Aeka's foot.  Seeing 
that Ryoko was distracted, Aeka decided to call in her trump cards.

"Azaka!  Kamadake!  Teach this monster a lesson!"

At that moment, the two guardians materialized behind Aeka.  Aeka 
waited one second, then another, then another, until finally she 
stood with a look of confusion on her face.  Turning a new shade of 
red, she turned on her wooden protectors.

"Azaka!  Kamadake!  Why haven't you."

Aeka never got to finish, as the sight before her took away all form 
of rational thought.  There, between the two logs, lay an unconscious 
Ryoko and sitting beside her, a rather disgruntled Sasami.

"Umm, Miss Aeka," Azaka asked, "which one do we take care of?"



You're going to hate us for this but.


To be continued.


This fic is written in honor of Ryoko's Birthday!



