Standard Disclaimer
Pioneer and AIC own the Tenchi Muyo characters. I thank them
for allowing us to use them. Marty’s mine, though. You can
have the story if you want, just don’t change it and give me
credit, ok? Enjoy the fic!
************************************************************

The Ways of the Goddesses by F. Van Assche
(Tenchiken@juno.com)

	Part One: No Need for a Houseguest

		Prologue
	It can be said that in this universe, everything has a
purpose. Every action has a cause, and every action has an
effect. No being could acquiesce this fact better that the
Goddess Washu. Of course, she could hardly be expected to
recognize this truth now, after all that has happened. Much
has occurred since the three sisters formed the universe and
the different dimensions that formulate it. In the beginning
of this universe, the three goddesses, Washu, Tokimi, and
Tsunami, warred with each other, destroyed much of what they
had made, and eventually came to a truce. The terms of this
truce allowed for the creation of a powerful dynasty for
each goddess. These dynasties would accomplish the goals of
their respective goddess without the destruction a total war
would cause. 
	Tokimi created a family of godlike beings of energy,
with the most eminently powerful at the time known as Kain
and Kagato. Tokimi wished to use these beings to destroy the
other dynasties, and so conquer the other goddesses. Her
ambition forced an alliance between Tsunami and Washu to
preserve the truce.
	Tsunami chose to create the Jurian Royal Family, though
it meant confining herself within the royal trees. She hoped
to bolster her power through the lineal descendants of Jurai
and preserve the peace, eventually creating powerful rulers
for the universe 	
	Washu and Tsunami agreed that at some point, Tokimi
would force their hand into conflict, so Washu gave up her
powers and her memory to thwart Tokimi’s attempts to restart
the war. Thus, eight gems of power were created, locking
Tokimi into a high level dimension, with no powers in the
others. But nothing lasts forever....


	
				Chapter 1
	It was once said by a great philosopher that art
imitates life. This author had no idea how right he was. The
art of one dimension is the reality of another. Few people
would believe that their mundane lives are the heralded
fiction in some other realm, yet, this is the truth.
However, some realities are closer together than others. The
space occupied by what many would call this reality is
especially near that of many others. Over the millennia, two
of Washu’s gems made their way to this Earth as a result of
an act perpetrated by a child of darkness. When Washu was
betrayed and imprisoned by Kagato, she was able to send
these gems away before he could corrupt their energy and use
them in one of his “inventions.” She was only partly
successful. As it happened, they became the property of a
king on Earth. His deeds were legendary before he possessed
the gems, and afterwards, he conquered half the world before
he died.  The gems were given to the king’s son and to the
royal advisor. Each of them passed down the gems through
their families, and for a time, the memory of the gems was
lost to the ravages of time. But fate is strange, and
destiny works in an irresistible fashion. The gems came into
the possession of a single family once more, and the eldest
son of that family inherited the two tiny orbs. 
	 This descendant of that royal line was different from
all who had preceded him. Martin felt a special connection
between himself and the books he read. His favorite fiction
was the exploits of the Masaki family. Marty, as he was
called by his friends, was drawn in. He felt he was part of
the action, especially when he was wearing the two identical
jewels his parents had given to him upon their deaths. Most
might have interpreted his absorption into this world as
grief, but Marty was past grief. He adjusted to his new
circumstances, or at least, he could maintain that idea for
himself. In truth, he missed them deeply. But his life in
this world went on, until the other six gems were brought
together, anyway. When Kagato was killed by the Wings of the
Light Hawk, the other two gems began to regress into their
home dimension and pulled their owner with them. When Kain
perished by the blast of a dimensional cannon, the process
was complete, and the gems could fully return, along with
their holder. 
	Marty disappeared from his apartment.

				Chapter 2

	It was a normal day at the Masaki household, or rather,
what had come to pass for a normal day at the Masaki
household. Ryoko and Ayeka had risen early to continue their
favorite pastime; beginning another skirmish in the battle
for Tenchi. Sasami and Ryo-Ohki were cooking, Mihoshi was
sleeping, and Washu was conducting an immeasurably complex
experiment in her lab. Tenchi was enjoying a brief respite
after another crazy morning. Washu had been particularly
bothersome; she really wanted "a particular physical
sample." Today she was most insistent. So to keep her at
bay, he offered to try to generate Light Hawk Wings, and
then let her perform all her tests on him. She allowed him
to, offering a split second of indecision, whereupon Tenchi
bolted. He ended up a half-mile beyond Ryoko's cave, with
Tenchi-ken in his hand and a single thought running through
his head.  Why is she so persistent? It wasn't that he
really minded her trying, too much, anyway, but it boiled
down to a question of fairness. It's not like she's the only
one after that particular physical sample!! I'm not that
blind. But, Ryoko and Ayeka would definitely hold that
against me, and they fight enough as it is.  Besides, Washu
had the most annoying habit of creating a new life form
whenever she was able. Raw genetic samples was not something
he wanted Washu running around with. One Tenchi Masaki is
enough for this house! 
	Then it hit. Something fell out of the sky into a wall
of solid rock behind him, penetrating fifteen feet into
solid stone. Tenchi scrambled up to get a better look, and
saw... himself? The youth was dressed in a cloak that
resembled that of the late Kagato, but had gems in each of
his wrists. One of the strangers hands began to clench.
Tenchi peered in closer...
	Tenchi barely had time to gather his own sword and
block the strike which nearly left him headless. The
stranger jumped up and screamed wildly, but made no further
attacks. He peered around, then relaxed slightly with an
expression that could only be interpreted as confusion. (Or
panic, take your pick)  Tenchi did the same, and the two
swordsmen settled into a defensive posture, each an odd
mirror image of the other. The stranger spoke first.
	“Dear God, what the hell did I just do? I’m really
sorry. It’s been a weird week.” The stranger's words hit
Tenchi like a sack of carrots. He was no stranger to beings
falling from the sky into his life, but this was the first
to actually apologize for doing it! "Uh, It's OK, I forgive
you. No harm done, I guess.", he said. 
	The stranger stood. "Thank you," he said. "My name is
Marty." He extended his hand. Tenchi shook it and introduced
himself. "Tenchi. Tenchi Masaki. How do you do?" 
“Very well, thank you,” he said, and shook Tenchi’s hand.
Then Marty blinked and he suddenly keeled over in a dead
faint.

				Chapter 2
	Tenchi watched as Marty slumped to the ground. Well,
this is new. I've got to help him, I suppose. Tenchi
strained to lift Marty, but could not. This guy weighs a
ton!  What can I do? I've got it!! "Ryoko!! I need you!!",
he called. 
	-------------------------------------------------------
	Ryoko was having an especially good day. The evil
princess was about to fall into her cleverly laid net trap,
baited by the large bottle of sake sitting right in the
middle. As Ayeka drew closer, Ryoko tried hard not to laugh.
But upon hearing Tenchi holler, she started to leave, ready
to make the most of any spare moment with him. Then thinking
twice, flew over, grabbed the bottle, and flew towards
Tenchi. Hey, she thought, Tenchi might want some sake, too! 
Ayeka saw Ryoko fly off, and promptly began an angry charge
after the demon, then stumbled into a switch, trapping
herself in the crudely made net.  Damn that woman! Ayeka was
understandably displeased.
	When Ryoko arrived, she swore off sake forever, at
least for a day or two. Two Tenchis? What in the hell was
this? Ryoko's brain kicked into overdrive as the
implications of this development immediately set in. Hey,
this could work out! Now I can have my own Tenchi, of course
the original, I'll give the copy to that pain-in-the-ass
princess, and then-	"Ryoko!! I need your help here!", said
Tenchi. "Anything, Tenchi! We can get right to it! Do you
have a blanket?" 
	"Whaa- Ryoko! Geez! No! I need you to take Marty and me
to Washu's lab! He just passed out!"
	"So I suppose you won't want any sake, then?"

------------------------------------------------------------
	As usual, Washu had been so thoroughly engrossed in her
new invention that she didn't hear Ryoko enter, even
grumbling as she was about carrying Marty. Tenchi followed
her in, and closed the door behind him. This caught the
attention of Washu, who saw Ryoko with what looked to be one
unconscious Tenchi Masaki. "Ryoko?! What did you do to
him?", she said, rather accusingly. 
	"Err, Miss Washu, that's not me. He fell out of the sky
while I was practicing my sword techniques.", Tenchi
declared, "He said his name was Marty."
	Washu looked puzzled for a second, as a thought buzzed
briefly through her mind, but she quickly dismissed it. "All
right, Tenchi, thank you. You and Ryoko can run along and
play now." Ryoko's face lit up as she grabbed Tenchi saying
seductively, "You know, Tenchi, I could use a bath now,
after carrying that heavy Marty. Would you mind helping
me?"	
	Tenchi's face blossomed bright red and his nose began
to bleed at the mere thought. He barely had time to voice a
protest before he and Ryoko were teleported to the
bathhouse. With Ryoko and Tenchi gone,  Washu turned her
attention to Marty. "Hmmm, you're an interesting piece of
work! I've got to say, you've got good taste in body type!
Let's just run a few tests, shall we?", she said, stretching
on he rubber gloves and putting on her nurse's hat. "Don't
forget, I'm an angel of mercy!"

				Chapter 3
  	Tenchi escaped Ryoko's custody at his first
opportunity, absconding quickly while Ryoko left him to
undress. He immediately went to find Sasami. Tenchi found
her company quite soothing, and she seemed to have a wisdom
far beyond her years. He needed some calmness, after this
morning! At least Ayeka hadn't latched on to him today.
"Come to think of it, where is Ayeka?", he said. Somewhere
in the woods, Ayeka sneezed. 
------------------------------------------------------------
	Back in Washu's lab, Marty was painfully awakened from
his inadvertent lapse of consciousness by a bright light and
a cold hand. "Oh, good, you're awake!", said Washu, still
wearing her nurse's outfit. "I'm sorry for the change, but
you're about Tenchi's size, so..." Marty gazed at Washu,
recognizing her instantly, then looked down, seeing himself
in some very comfortable strange clothes. Okay.. just
adjust. You’re in an anime series. Not quite my style... but
hey, when in Japan... After the shock left him, he looked
around the inside of the lab. "Washu?.." he said, while
still gaping in amazement of the sight, "are you... really
here?"  
	"You're a fine one to ask me that, Marty. Who, exactly,
are you? You're built like a war machine! You have trace
elements of all 210 known elements on your clothing, no
burns from your reentry, your mass is over 150 kg, you have
massive power supplies; two gems!!! How? Who made-" 
	“To tell you the truth, I’d like to know what’s going
on myself! I was just living my life, then... pow! I’m
here?! I’m just so confused. But, I do know you’re the
greatest scientific genius in the universe, so I’m sure you
can help me." Washu, for the first time in her remembered
life was speechless. 
“Well,” she finally managed to stammer, “I can tell you that
you seem to have some augmented abilities for a human. You
seem to be able to project a plasma blade, and have some
limited flight abilities... past that, I can’t really tell
you much. I guess for now, you can go, but I might need
later,” she said with a wan grin.
	Marty suddenly looked very nervous, and after an
awkward pause, said, "Uh, how do I get out of here?" Washu
gestured to the door. "Thanks," said Marty with a sheepish
grin, as he left. Washu watched him leave, then turned
towards a panel on the wall in this room of her lab, and
watched the moons of her planetary lab orbit.
	He's like- Kagato. Could I have created him? He's just
so powerful. Those gems, could they be from Earth? It almost
seems impossible. 
	Washu closed her eyes and leaned against the glass.
------------------------------------------------------------
	Marty left the lab.” Tenchi?", he said, "Lord Tenchi,
where are you?" Sasami heard Marty, and thinking him to be
Tenchi, asked him to help. Marty accepted, somewhat
bewilderedly, his assigned task. When Tenchi returned from
his close encounter with Ryoko, he found Marty helpfully
chopping vegetables. Sasami and Ryo-Ohki both absorbed the
strangeness of the situation rather well, only murmuring a
"what?" and a "Miyaa??" 
	Tenchi took the opportunity to explain the situation,
and after that,  everything was resolved. "Tenchi, I could a
little sword practice; after all, reentry is a bit tough on
the body. Could you help me?", Marty said.
	"I think you were in fine form this morning, Marty,"
Tenchi exclaimed with a laugh. "Let's go!" Marty winced, and
muttered another apology.

				Chapter 4
	Ryoko eventually realized that Tenchi had decided to
play shy, and decided that she would just enjoy the bath.
After all, Tenchi hadn't bathed today. He'd be there
eventually; and so would she. I'm just too good!!
------------------------------------------------------------
	While Marty and Tenchi walked through the woods, they
happened upon a crude trap, with one very pissed-off Jurian
princess in it- thirty feet off the ground. She was
screaming something about royal birth and low states. Tenchi
looked for a way up. Marty said simply, "I'll get her,"
leapt *straight up* thirty feet, cut the rope with his new
found power, caught the agitated Ayeka, and brought her to
the ground. "Thank you, Lord Tenchi, for rescuing me from
that evil demon," said Ayeka as she tightly hugged the
unsuspecting Marty, failing to notice that: A) This person
did not have a sword in his hand B) Had just jumped 30 feet
in the air C) Was not, technically, Tenchi. Tenchi shrugged
enigmatically, as if to say, Get used to it- It happens a
lot. Marty decided that being Tenchi had its rewards, but on
the subject of strange things...  How did I just do that???
Marty then took note of the Jurian princess clamped
enthusiastically to his chest.
	"Tenchi, say something!", Marty exclaimed, "I can’t get
her off!" Tenchi grinned inanely, but came to Ryo's aid.
"Miss Ayeka, this is Marty. He's... new. He'll be with us
for a while, I think." 
Ayeka immediately released Marty, rapidly shifted her eyes
between the two, and clasped onto Tenchi. Marty just rolled
his eyes. "Ayeka, you look a little, well, injured. It
doesn't befit you. I can carry you back to the house, if you
like."
	Ayeka was politely dismissive of that idea. "No, no.
I'm all right. I think I'll just stay with you both. It's
probably safer that way." Marty insisted that she should at
least be carried, on account of her ankle and she
acquiesced. Initially, Tenchi did the carrying, but Marty
took over for the sake of Tenchi's stamina. Ayeka was
indifferent; after all, they were pretty much alike. Marty
took this opportunity to explain his perplexing behavior.
"Tenchi, Ayeka, I know you. In the existence I knew, you
were fiction, only entertainment. I don’t understand how I
got here and what I’m doing here.” Then Marty paused, and
added, “And I have no idea how I know that.” Ayeka and
Tenchi just laughed.
	The Masaki shrine came into view, and Tenchi's
grandfather was standing outside. He noted Tenchi and his
double with the same bemused expression as always. "Tenchi,
it's time to practice," he said. Tenchi replied, " Yes,
Grandpa. This is Marty. May he practice with us?" Yosho gave
a small affirmative snort. 
	Yosho sized up the newcomer. "You're not from around
here, are you?" To this Marty thought, You have no idea.
Thus practice began. The simple kata, performed with wooden
swords, which mimicked a fight, was a good warm-up, but as
it got more complicated , Tenchi began to have a little
trouble. Marty and Yosho flowed smoothly together all the
way to the end. "You're pretty good, Marty," Yosho remarked.
Marty accepted the compliment and bowed.  "Now, how about a
little match?"  
	"I think, sir, that that would be splendid!"

					Chapter 5
	Thus began an epic duel between the great swordsman of
Jurai and the unknown . Marty clearly had the edge in
technique, as it was integrated into the core of his gems,
and therefore, his being. However, Yosho came from a line
that had improved the original Jurai tactics. Though his
precision in execution was far from flawless, he was able to
match Marty stroke for stroke. After several minutes, the
match ended in a draw, during a furious exchange of blows
that broke both swords. Tenchi stared in utter amazement,
but Ayeka was insufferably bored by the prolonged duel, and
had decided to limp home.
	Before he and Tenchi started back, Marty thanked Yosho
for the match, and Yosho reciprocated. 
"Marty, it's getting dark. Is there any way for you to get
us back to the house? Sasami's probably done with dinner,
and we need to wash up.", said Tenchi.
	"I suppose I could try." Marty picked up Tenchi and
concentrated. Tenchi felt himself get  lighter, and then
Marty jumped.  The sensation was more akin to flying than
jumping, but Tenchi still didn't like it. Fortunately, Marty
was relatively skilled, despite lack of practice, and the
landing didn't cause too many bruises. Marty was very
apologetic. "It's really OK, Marty. We made it, didn't we?"
Tenchi said.
"I suppose, but I didn't want to hurt you...", Marty
replied.
I think Ryoko probably injures me more on a daily basis than
that, Marty!, Tenchi laughed to himself.
"Well, don't worry. Let's just bathe, all right?"
"Sounds good to me!"
	But peace is not something easily gained at the Masaki
house. No sooner had Marty and Tenchi settled in for a long
soak, than Ryoko suddenly appeared- stark naked. Tenchi
immediately  began to bleed from the nose and began to sink
beneath the water.  Marty, knowing exactly what was going
on, also sunk out of sight. It was at this exact moment that
Ayeka burst through the bathhouse doors, soiled and
exhausted. This led to an inevitable quarrel, which in turn
tipped off a full scale shouting match about who was
seducing who and soforth. The two girls were on the verge of
a full scale battle.
	Marty, sensing the danger, took the opportunity to stop
the altercation before it went any farther. “Ladies, this is
not going to accomplish anything. You know that. You’re
really not helping us relax here,” he said. This caught them
very much by surprise. For one thing, Tenchi was usually not
able to even briefly glance at either of them in any state
of undress without experiencing a severe blush and a
nosebleed. Marty seemed not to have this problem.
	 The authoritative manner of the speech froze them in
midsentence. Marty stared them down and fumed. "Just a few
minutes, girls, just a few minutes. Can we all have some
peace?" They glared each other down for a moment, then left
in separate directions. Tenchi gave Marty a look between
relief and immense gratitude and a little envy. Marty
grinned, then his nose exploded in a bloody geyser, and he
fell over. Tenchi just let him lie there.
	Ryoko and Ayeka didn't show up for dinner, which
smoothed out the conversation for the evening. Mihoshi and
Kiyone ate everything, as usual. Somehow, though, they were
able to discern Marty from Tenchi. Mihoshi reacted well to
his arrival, with only a few "Uh-huh's" slipped in for
effect. She didn't get it. Kiyone was complaining Yosho’s
ear off, and he patiently listened. Sasami talked to Marty
most of the evening. Tenchi remained oddly silent. 
	When they arrived at Tenchi's room later, Marty asked
what Tenchi was thinking. Tenchi replied, matter-of-factly,
"It's Ryoko and Ayeka. They're driving me crazy! Always
arguing, always fighting. I wish for one day, that they
would just stop. That would be very, very nice."
"I don't think that will happen any time soon, Tenchi.
Unless you were two people, they would always argue over
you. They like you! Nothing wrong with that!"
	"Do you have any idea what they've done to my life???"
	"I think I do. Enjoy it. It's not ending anytime soon!"
	“Easy for you to say- it’s not your life!”
	“It is now. Do you have any idea what I would have
given for this situation at home?”
	“Where is home- exactly?”
	“The human side is from America, Florida- to be exact.
The Washu-designed half doesn’t know, exactly.”
	“Wow, what a strange situation...”
	“Yeah, mine’s strange. Ha! You’re one to talk.”
	“You’re right, you’re right. And what a volatile
predicament it is....”

					Chapter 6
	Early the next morning, Tenchi set off for the fields,
but today brought along Marty, Ayeka, and Ryoko. He was a
bit apprehensive about making them work together, but they
couldn't do this by themselves. Early off, they were working
fine, but then one let a word slip, and the other retorted,
the other got angry, and then their energies started to
build up.
	Tenchi saw what was going on and called Marty over.
"This isn't good. They're really angry. I'll try to talk
them out of it,” he said. Marty nodded. 
The small blasts of force came first. Then the larger shots
started to fly through the air. By the time Tenchi made it
to the battleground, the earth was pitted and burnt.
Positioning himself between them, he said, "Ayeka, Ryoko,
stop this!  You don't need to-"
	Ryoko and Ayeka each loosed a huge energy blast in the
direction of the other, with Tenchi in the middle. Marty saw
this across the field, and shot towards Tenchi to tackle him
out of the way, deflect the shots, anything-
	The energy produced by the explosion was seen by
several satellites in orbit at the time, but none could
place it anywhere in Japan. Strangely enough, the carrot
patch was relatively undamaged, though  this was compared to
the standard explosion around the Masaki shrine, which was
generally quite large.
	When Marty and Tenchi hit the ground, Ayeka and Ryoko
were both unconscious. Tenchi was nursing a few bruises, and
Marty was smoking.
"Ow... Thanks for getting me out of the way, Marty"
"Uh, we were in the way when those blasts hit, Tenchi,” he
coughed.
"All right, thanks for deflecting them."
"I didn't deflect them."
"Than what did you-" Tenchi looked down. 
He was five feet off the ground, in a steady hover.
"Oh, boy."
------------------------------------------------------------
	En route to Washu's lab, Tenchi broke the silence. 
"Marty, what did you do? Why can I suddenly fly? This is
nonsensical! I mean, look! I'm carrying her like she weighs
nothing!", referring to the unconscious Ayeka he held in his
arms. 
"Tenchi, my best guess is that I somehow absorbed all of
their energies and transferred them into you! Now, until
they're recovered, and capable of using them again, you've
got them. They'll be fine tomorrow. They'll just be
powerless, until..." 
"Until what?"
"I guess, until you physically contact them when they're
recovered a little. I think the proverbial kiss is the
required solution in this case," Marty said with a sly grin.
Tenchi groaned and flew faster. 

				    Chapter 7
	Washu had gotten over the initial shock of Ryo's
revelation, but this was started anew when he told her what
happened in the field. She asked Tenchi to lay Ayeka and
Ryoko down in a bedroom, and then come back. She asked Marty
very politely, "Would you mind a few tests?" Marty clearly
had no option here as he could not deny the wishes of the
former goddess who had created him. He went quietly, knowing
that refusing was not going to accomplish anything. But when
Tenchi returned, he was quickly restrained and tested upon,
much to his dissatisfaction.
------------------------------------------------------------
	Sasami had begun to dream...
	She saw a man, Tenchi- Marty?, standing against a
being, a presence, with a strange woman behind it. Tokimi!,
she thought, though knowing not who or what this "Tokimi"
was. She also felt something... some echo that she had felt
somewhere before... powerful and evil....
------------------------------------------------------------
	Something stood just beyond the fence of the Masaki
house. Darkness surrounded this being, and it moved fluidly
closer to the house...
	Tokimi has certainly honored me with this task, it
thought. With my success, the truce shall end, and my legacy
will rule by her power. Tonight, the Jurian successors die!
	It crept closer and closer to the room that contained
Ayeka and Ryoko, blending into the shadows, undetectable.
Its trail was left devoid of light.
------------------------------------------------------------
	Sasami was overwhelmed with terror at the stifling
presence of... who? The last time she had been so charged
was the battle with Kain... 
Suddenly Tsunami pulsed through her and their minds were
one. Tokimi has begun her bid for domination. Your sister is
in great danger. You must get help! Hurry, Sasami. If Ayeka
falls, there is little hope for any of us. 
	Then the spirit that was Tsunami departed her
consciousness, leaving only a frightened girl. Oh no! What
can I do? 
	Sasami woke with a start and dashed for Washu's lab.

				Chapter 8
	Marty had been thoroughly examined and, though
experiencing profound relief that one could survive Washu’s
tests, was feeling a little uneasy when he left the lab.
That sense of power is emerging again, but stronger. Sasami
has that power- she’s Tsunami! But it wasn’t this strong
before.. Something else, too. The new presence was
uncomfortable, almost evil, like...
	Sasami burst through the doorway, out of breath,
gasping. Marty suddenly became very alert. "Sasami? What..." 
Then, in that moment, he understood. "Tokimi! The offensive!
It’s started!"
	He charged from the room, without even a backward
glance, unseeing of the reflection of Tsunami in the shallow
pool adjacent to the door, his speed matched only by his
fear that he was already too late...
------------------------------------------------------------
	It had breached the window and stood silently within,
examining the two forms that lay silent and still within. It
than crept toward the inert form of Ayeka, fashioning its
hand into a blade, and proceeded to stab down at the
defenseless princess of Jurai...
	Shiccckkk!! A gleaming green blade danced from the
darkness, severing the sword-hand before imbedding itself in
the wall. It stared into the dark, fascinated, while its
hand regenerated. It spoke with a deep, reptilian voice,
"Show yourself, young warrior, that I may see you before you
die." 
	Marty stepped into the light. "Go back to your
mistress."
	"No, young prince, I will just destroy you instead!" It
fired a blast of energy into Marty, knocking him through the
wall of the room. "Pitiful. Is this the best of the house of
Jurai? Pah!" He glanced at the sword, and saw it move.
 "What? Impossible!!"
	The darkness stared at the risen Marty, who was clearly
different than before. His eyes glowed with fire and he was
now attired in full cloaked armor.
	"That hurt, you bastard!!!", he roared, grabbing the
intruder by the neck and carrying him out the window. 
	Marty slammed the interloper to the ground a
quarter-mile from the window. 
	"Who are you?", he growled.
	"You would not know me, Jurian. I am Ryuji, supreme
champion of the army of Tokimi. I will rule this pitiful
universe when Tokimi has triumphed."
	"Somehow, I doubt that."
	"Who will stop me? You? You have no idea what you are
up against, boy. No idea whatsoever." Ryuji seized Marty and
threw him away. 
	"Witness, boy, the true power of Tokimi!", he shouted
as the power flowed into him.
	Marty watched as Ryuji grew larger, and larger. He felt
an emotion heretofore unknown to him in his integrated form;
fear. 
------------------------------------------------------------
	Sasami shrieked in terror as Tokimi's energy pulsated
around her. What do I do? What? ---
	Calm yourself. Marty will need you. You must aid him
with my power, or else I fear the battle is lost. Go! I will
be with you every step of the way. 
	Sasami looked towards the sky, said a prayer, and
dashed out towards the battle.
------------------------------------------------------------
	Marty was not doing well. The fiend named Ryuji had
relentlessly pounded on him ever since he had grown. I
don't... know how much more I can take, but..
losing-is-not-an- option. Then Ryuji slammed his head into
the ground, and all the thoughts flew from his grasp...

				Chapter 9
 	Washu released Tenchi in record time. Only two hours?
She must be tired. Anyway, I've got to give back these
"borrowed" abilities. I have to kiss them? At least they're
asleep. Tenchi clambered up the stairs to the room, stopping
for a moment to make sure  that Ryoko and Ayeka were both
sleeping, and gave them both a quick peck, Ayeka first, then
Ryoko. He sighed with relief as he stopped floating. Well,
that wasn't too bad. I just hope it doesn't happen too
often. Then I might have a real problem.... 
	Suddenly, the sound of fighting drifted through the
window and the scream of pain rang out. A scream very much
like his... Marty! Tenchi inhaled sharply. I hope I'm not
going to resent returning those powers, he thought, as he
snatched Tenchi-ken off his dresser and charged toward the
combat. 
------------------------------------------------------------
	As awareness returned to him over the course of a few
minutes, Marty saw Ryuji look around, as if he sensed
another person... Small twinge of power...   That means...
Sasami is here too?! NO!! I've got to help her! Marty
slowly, painfully struggled to his feet. Ryuji spied her
small form and lunged at her. He came within inches of
striking a fatal blow. Marty had no chance of covering the
distance... but as he watched, incredulous,  Tenchi appeared
from the darkness, and sliced a four-foot gash in the side
of the monster.
	As Tenchi began his battle with this monster, his
thoughts went to the vanquished Kain. Could he have
returned? Ryuji quickly healed his wound and smashed Tenchi
to the ground, ready to inflict a deadly trauma.  Ryuji
raised his fist... but did not strike.
	Marty had managed to bind Ryuji's hand to its back with
an energy blade, keeping it from delivering the final shot.
But now what? We're screwed!
	Sasami moved quickly. She grasped Ryo's hand and pulled
him to the semiconscious Tenchi. She linked their hands and
stepped back. The gems in Ryo's wrists began to glow. Ryuji
lashed out with his other hand, but his attack was...
reflected?!!! 
	How can this be?, he thought as he skidded back. The
boy was supposed to fold easily!! 
	From the gems on his wrists grew one emerald green
blade. Marty released Tenchi's hand and faced the titanic
Ryuji. "Face me, demon. Tonight, your quest ends."
	"Whelp! I will kill you yet. I shall feast on the
marrow of your bones! Death to Jurai!", Ryuji bellowed, as
he yanked Ryo's blade from his back. "Come!"
	Marty held back, concentrating  all his energy on the
coming attack. Ryuji lurched at Marty, who stood patient as
stone. Ryuji leapt, forming his body into dozens of blades
to rip the human apart. Marty stepped forward, then bounded
past the blade, swinging his sword through the flesh of the
demon. Ryuji screamed in agony as he bled into the earth. At
the peak of his arc, Marty turned down and plunged one sword
through the writhing Ryuji into the ground, pinioning him.
	"Well met, pup. But I am not the last of Tokimi's army.
She will triumph... and you will die. None shall remain of
your houses. We will PREVAIL!!!"
	Marty glowered over the bloodstained Ryuji. 
	"Don't bet on it." He thrust his blade through Ryuji's
head.
The monster fell silent, then disintegrated.


				Epilogue

	The voice was ghostly and unexpected. "Well done-
knight of Jurai."
Marty twisted around. The power. It's coming from... 
	Tsunami stood in the space formerly occupied by Sasami.
"Tsunami??! How... what..."
Marty nodded to himself, but his face softened, as their
minds connected. "None of them know yet, do they?"
Tsunami frowned. "No. They are unaware of this."
"They need to know. Unless they do, they cannot understand
why all this must happen. It will be difficult, I know. But
it must be done. What must I do?"
"You, must travel to Jurai. Finish your training there, then
return and we will confront Tokimi together.” 
“How do I get there?”
“Well, you are descended from a Jurian tree, you know...”
“What!!!!?”


				End: Part One
************************************************************

Author’s Notes
It’s my first fanfic! Actually, it’s a remanufactured
edition of my first. The whole plot (this part) takes place
before OAV8. Kiyone only has a trivial role in the story, so
this is mostly OAV based. I might want to include other
parts of the TV series, so don’t get too picky, ok? If you
have any comments, criticism, flames, MST’s, Whatever,
e-mail me! Every bit helps- I’ll even send you the original
story that this work is based on if you want! 
<Tenchiken@juno.com> Tell me what you think!