Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and 
AIC, save Shigeru, who is of my own creation.  This is a fanfic, is not for 
profit, and does not express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! We Are One pt3: A Princess Falls

	"Ayeka!  Help me!" screamed Sasami as Shigeru sliced her throat.  
His hideous face howled in laughter as he took delight in this horrid deed.   
This is the nightmare Ayeka has been reliving for the past two days.  Every time 
she closes her eyes she sees her little sister slaughtered unmercifully before 
her.  Only moments before the demon had killed Kiyone, Mihoshi, Nobeyugi, and 
Katsuhito; and she thanked God that she was not present to witness those deaths.  
	This time the dream was more intense as Shigeru killed Tenchi and Ryoko, 
before moving on to her.  That's when she woke up, covered in a cold sweat.  As 
she returned to reality she saw Tenchi and Ryoko sitting in front of Ryo-ohki's 
control crystals.  They were watching the data file that Washu had given them 
before they had set out for Hells Point.  
	They still had a day worth of travel ahead of them, and as they drew 
closer Ayeka felt the knot in her stomach grow.  She hated watching the files on 
Shigeru.  She just wanted her sister back, and if it cost her own soul in the 
process, so be it.  Tenchi nodded as Ayeka moved next to them.  Ryoko's eyes 
were transfixed on the screen as Washu's voice narrated the horrendous images 
being displayed.

	"Shigeru was an angle of death, created to destroy the most evil beings in 
the universe.  What could not be foreseen was the fact that he took delight in 
his work.  His soul became as black as those he was created to destroy.  He 
would entomb their souls in the ruby on his chest drawing from their evil aura 
to fuel his dark desires.  
	"Then twenty millennia ago Tsunami, Tokimi, and myself managed to imprison 
him in hell.  Now Tokimi has freed Shigeru, with the intent of killing all of 
you and imprisoning Tsunami and myself.  If he succeeds in this task Tokimi will 
be able to rule the universe unopposed.
	"This task will not be easy.  Hells Point, a demon planet, lies near the 
galactic core.  This proximity casts the planet in constant light, and the 
temperatures bake the surface.  The atmosphere is sulfuric, but breathable.  
Imagine the most inhospitable place you have ever been, and then take it to the 
nth degree.  His palace is constructed of the charred bones of his victims.  The 
perils within are too numerous to name, so be careful.  
	"Also know this: with each soul he captures his power increases.  
Since he has the soul of Lord Katsuhito and Princess Sasami, he will be a 
formidable foe.  His power will be destroyed if you destroy his ruby, which will 
also return our family to us.  Be careful.  Tsunami and I will help you however 
we can."
	
	The screen blinked out and the trio starred into space.  
"This guy scares the hell out of me," started Ryoko.  "Kagato was evil, and the 
things he made me do were horrible, but nothing compares to this."  Tenchi 
placed a hand on her shoulder, trying to comfort her.  
	"We might not make it out of this one alive."  Tenchi shuddered as 
Ryoko finished those words.  He knew all too well what could happen on 
Hells Point, but to save his family he would do anything.  To protect the one he 
loved, he would do even more.

	In the eternal realm Lady Tokimi smiled as Shigeru brought Washu to her, 
encased in crystal.  "Very well done Shigeru," said Tokimi as he knelt before 
her.  "Leave her with me and return to Hells Point.  The others will be there 
soon.  Destroy them all and you shall rule at my side."  
	"As you wish my Lady," he said as he phased out of sight.  Tokimi rose 
from her throne and circled the crystal.  
	'It has been too long since you were in my presence,' thought Tokimi to 
herself.  'Soon all will be mine.'  As she laid her hand on the crystal it 
dissipated, reviving the prisoner held within.  
	"Well Washu, what do have to say for yourself?"  As Mecha-Washu regained 
consciousness her programming kicked in. 
	"I have this to say."  With that her eyes began to glow. 
	"What the..." started Tokimi as the fusion device inside the android 
detonated with the force equivalent to a supernova.  As the smoke cleared Tokimi 
dropped her force field.  Her great hall was scorched, but otherwise intact.  
	"Damn you Washu!" Tokimi screamed in frustration, but stopped as a smile 
crept onto her face.  "Very well, so the two of you will be coming to me."  She 
looked up at the two silhouettes on either side of her throne and smiled.   

      The light of the galactic core illuminated Ryo-ohki as the cabbit craft 
hurled toward Hells Point.  Ryoko lay asleep on the floor as Tenchi and 
Ayeka stood watch.  The display indicated that they would reach the demon planet 
within the hour.  
	"Asleep at a time like this," snorted Ayeka as she sat down next to 
Tenchi.
	"She needs her rest now.  Ryoko has kept more watches than either of us," 
replied Tenchi.  He knew all too well that they would not see too many more 
peaceful moments.  A smile slipped onto his face as he remembered the night they 
left earth; then Shigeru arrived.  The thought of that made him shiver.  
	"Lord Tenchi," started Ayeka her voice cracking, "when Haruna took you 
from us two years ago, I thought that I had lost you forever.  Now as we face 
Shigeru, win or lose, I still lose you.  I have known this ever since you 
returned from that alternate reality," she stopped as tears rolled down her 
face.  "I..." her voice trailed off as Tenchi held her.
	"Ayeka, you will never lose me.  I may have fallen in love with 
Ryoko, but you have a place in my heart, as I have a place in yours.  
Shigeru has destroyed this family enough.  Lets not finish the job for him.  
After this is over we will have many more memories together."   
	"I take a nap and you cheat on me," yawned Ryoko as she rolled onto her 
side.  "You are incorrigible Tenchi Masaki, but that's why I love you."  Ryoko 
walked over to Tenchi and placed her arms around his neck.  He blushed as she 
kissed his cheek.
	"You do not have to rub it in Ryoko," said Ayeka curtly.  "There will time 
for that later."  She turned her back to the couple as Ryoko stuck her tongue at 
her.  
	'Will they ever grow up' thought Tenchi as Ryoko and Ayeka continued on at 
each other.  'They have to ease their minds some how' he concluded to himself.

	In her inner sanctum Tsunami was deep in meditation.  Recent events have 
caused her much alarm.  This time she was unable to save Sasami's life, and she 
was unsure if it would be restored.  Shigeru was powerful, and it would take a 
miracle to stop him.  She tried to divine the future, but there are too many 
probabilities to be certain of any one outcome.  The ones most probable were the 
least pleasant.  As she tried once more to see the future she was awoke by the 
chime of a dimensional portal.  To her relief it was Washu who stepped out of 
the gate.  
	"It has been too long Washu," said Tsunami with a smile. 
 	"Yes it has," replied Washu.  "Things are most urgent.  As you know Tokimi 
has freed Shigeru, and he has the souls of Sasami and Katsuhito."
	"I know and I am not sure if he can be stopped this time.  Tokimi has 
promised him a place at her side if he completes his mission.  We must act now."
	Washu nodded in agreement.  "We must face Tokimi and put an end to this 
once and for all.  She has been allowed free reign in this dimension for far too 
long.  I only hope that Lord Tenchi, Ryoko, and 
Ayeka can make it out of this alive.  Of course they do have all the best 
equipment made by yours truly!"  
Tsunami just shook her head at Washu's gleeful comment.  
	"Come, let us face Tokimi now."  Tsunami nodded as Washu opened the portal 
into subspace.  

	Ryoko held a hand to her forehead to block the intense light on 
Hells Point.  They had landed away from Shigeru's palace and had trekked across 
the burning sands.  The dry air smelled of sulfur.  Each breath burned as it as 
it entered their lunges, and as it was exhaled.  Tenchi and Ayeka followed 
behind since they were more encumbered by the heavy gravity.  
	The three of them made it to the ominous fortress that loomed above the 
barren land like a harbinger of death.  Its dark spires cast an eerie shadow 
onto the desolate landscape.  Its facade was that of stacked bone and burned 
flesh.  It was truly a cathedral of evil.  
	"How do we get in?" asked Ayeka. 
	"We could knock," said Ryoko as she punched the doors off their hinges.  
	"Not exactly a knock," said Tenchi as they entered.  
	"It worked didn't it?" replied Ryoko.  The inside of the palace was more 
grotesque than the outside.  Visages of death and destruction adorned every 
square inch of the place. There were images of torture and suffering so hideous 
that they sickened even Ryoko.  
	"How can someone take so much pleasure in death?" asked Ayeka as they 
entered a small foyer.  Ryoko raised a hand stopping them as them as the made it 
through the door.  
	"What?" asked Tenchi.  
	"He's here."  
	"How perceptive of you Ryoko," said Shigeru emerging from the shadows.  
"How do like my interior decor?" he said as he raised his hand, elevating the 
light in the room.  Ayeka shrieked as it became clear that the hall was made of 
human skulls.  The walls, columns, and floor were all skulls.  "I think it gives 
the proper ambience," said Shigeru as he threw off his cloak.  
	"You're one sick bastard Shigeru," started Ryoko as she formed her energy 
sword.  "Now it's your time to pay!" she howled as she lunged toward him.  He 
easily parried her blow, but he did not catch the one from Tenchi until it was 
too late.  He grimaced as the master keys blade crackled against his energy 
shield.  
	"You are powerful indeed," he grunted as he knocked Tenchi away.  
Seeing an opening Ayeka unleashed a bolt of energy at Shigeru as Ryoko attacked 
him from behind.  With blinding speed he grabbed Ryoko's wrist and tossed her in 
front of the bolt.  She screamed as the pure Jurai energy coursed through her 
body.  
	"Ryoko!" screamed Tenchi as she fell to the floor, incapacitated by the 
bolt.  Enraged he lunged toward Shigeru once again.  Their swords met with a 
flash of light.  Energy sparked and crackled as the blades met time and time 
again.  Tenchi called upon all his training and inner strength to combat the 
demon.  Shigeru's scimitar glowed with an evil energy as he wielded it 
masterfully.  They were an even match, and neither one seemed to be gaining the 
upper hand.  
	"Boy, you know your father cried like a girl before I killed him," said 
Shigeru with a grin.  "Disgraceful.  And your grandfather was easy prey along 
with those bumbling cops."  He was obviously trying to unnerve Tenchi; trying to 
make him slip up some how.  
	"And there was no sport either in the little princess."  They exchanged 
another blow before Shigeru flipped away from him.  
	"I wonder if your whore will cry when I kill her," said Shigeru through a 
fanged grin as he looked at the unconscious Ryoko.
	"Stay away from her!" screamed Tenchi as he ran toward Shigeru.  
His rage blinded him as he swung the master key wildly.  Shigeru easily blocked 
the attack and with an energy bolt sent Tenchi flying into the wall.  The master 
key was knocked from his hands; its blade flickering out as it skidded across 
the floor.  As Tenchi regained his senses he felt some thing hold him to the 
wall.  Skeletal hands were holding him in place.  
Shigeru walked towards him, his blade drawn.  
	"Now you die." He was about to strike Tenchi down when he heard the master 
key hum back to life.  Tenchi could see over Shigeru's shoulder that Ayeka was 
holding the sword.  
	"Ayeka." he mumbled.  Shigeru turned to face her. 
	"Little girls should not play with swords you know."
	"You have caused enough suffering Shigeru.  In the name of the 
House of Jurai, I shall destroy you."  The power of Jurai was radiating from 
Ayeka.  Tenchi had never before seen her display so much power.  
	"Fear not Lord Tenchi, for no harm shall come to you or Lady 
Ryoko." Her aura alone would be enough to destroy most demons, but 
Shigeru just smiled defiantly.   
	"Nice light show girlie, but can you back it up?" said Shigeru as he 
lashed out toward Ayeka.  She skillfully blocked his blow and parried his next 
one.  Her energy was immense.  The princess and the demon fought with such fury 
that it was hard for Tenchi to keep track of the battle. Finally Ayeka managed 
to gain the upper hand, knocking Shigeru's sword from his hands.  It was all 
that he could do to keep his energy shield from being penetrated from each 
successive blow.  With a massive blow Shigeru was sent tumbling backwards.  
	Ayeka breathed deeply as the demon managed to get on one knee.  
He was enraged.  How could this insignificant creature have harmed him?  With 
the poise and skill of a master swordsman Ayeka leapt at 
Shigeru. 
	The blue blade of Tenchi-ken struck home onto Shigeru's energy shield.  He 
could barely keep his arm raised to keep the shield formed.  Ayeka screamed as 
she channeled all of her might into the sword.  
	"Ayeka!" screamed Tenchi as the skeletal hands held him firmly against the 
wall.  He desperately wanted to help, but the more he struggled the harder the 
hands held him to the wall.  He glanced over to Ryoko, where she had remained 
motionless since Shigeru had thrown her.
  
	Shigeru seemed to be loosing power.  Just as Ayeka began to penetrate his 
shield he drew a dagger from his belt.  Tenchi saw this and screamed out to 
Ayeka, but it was too late.  With a powerful thrust he stabbed Ayeka in the 
stomach.  The master keys blade vanished as Ayeka realized what had just 
happened to her.  As she fell to the floor Shigeru stood fast, slicing Ayeka up 
to her rib cage.  
	"Nooooo!" screamed Tenchi as he struggled against the hands.  
Ayeka fell to her knees as she tried to keep her bowls in place.  Tears poured 
from her eyes as she began to cough traces of blood.  She shivered as her body 
began to go into shock.  Shigeru licked Ayeka's blood from the dagger as he 
walked back to Tenchi.  
	"What to do, what ever to do?" he mused as he tapped Tenchi with the 
dagger.   
	"You bastard! I will kill you!" screamed Tenchi.  
	"My boy, compliments will get you everything!" laughed Shigeru as he 
pressed the dagger's point to Tenchi's throat.  "I could kill you here and now, 
but that would be too easy.  Painless.  You still have much to suffer."  
Tenchi gritted his teeth as he struggled against the hands.  
Shigeru now circled Ryoko, where she lay unconscious on the floor.
	"I could kill your whore and the bastard she carries, but that would also 
be too easy right now."  Ryoko yelped as Shigeru kicked her in the stomach.  
Ayeka began to tremble as Shigeru closed in on her.  She looked at Tenchi with 
eyes begging him for help, but he could not.  He would hate himself forever 
because of that fact.  
	Shigeru picked up his scimitar and the blade began to glow.  Ayeka neither 
noticed nor cared that she had lost control of her bladder.  Tenchi screamed 
begging for her life as Shigeru raised his sword.  Ayeka closed her eyes and 
wept.  
	'I love you Lord Tenchi' she thought as Shigeru brought down his blade 
across her neck.  At least her end was quick.  With a single blow he cleaved her 
head from her shoulders.  Tenchi screamed as Ayeka's blood sprayed across his 
face. 
	Shigeru laughed loudly as Ayeka's body fell lifelessly to the floor.  
The ruby on his chest began to glow as Ayeka's body and severed head began to 
sublimate.  Tenchi couldn't watch as its ethereal form was drawn into the stone.
	"What power!" said Shigeru as his might grew.  He looked at Tenchi whose 
rage was building.  "Boy," he said evilly, "that was good for me.  
Was it good for you?  Come get me."  
	Shigeru disappeared back into the darkness from which he had come.  The 
skeletal hands, which had been holding Tenchi, vanished as well.  He collapsed 
to the floor trying to regain his composure.  Slowly he crawled to Ryoko and 
held her closely until she regained consciousness.

To be continued
