Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
Shigeru who is of my own creation.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and 
does not express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! We Are One pt4: The Ultimate Sacrifice

	As Ryoko awoke she jumped, having not known what had transpired since the 
energy bolt had hit her.   
	"Ryoko," Tenchi began.  It had been several hours since the battle with 
Shigeru, and Tenchi had been holding her the entire time.  In that time memories 
of the past five years had raced through his mind.
  
	He thought of the first time he had encountered Ryoko in the cave and when 
she destroyed the school.  He remembered trying to steal Ayeka's headpiece only 
to be chased by the guardians.  He remembered the time the hot springs was 
wrecked and fighting Kagato.  He thought about fighting Kain in subspace, and 
seeing his mother when she was so young.  He remembered every danger and 
adventure they had ever faced.  
	But most of all Tenchi found himself coming back to the spats between 
Ayeka and Ryoko.  Most were childish: usually over who loved Tenchi more.  Some 
were serious, causing damage to his home and others, as Mihoshi and Kiyone found 
out first hand.  He had even been on the receiving end of a stray energy bolt on 
more than one occasion.  Now Ayeka was dead and Shigeru seemed unstoppable.  He 
had easily defeated the three of them and now he had the power of Ayeka's soul 
to draw from.  If he were not stopped soon he would easily destroy the universe.  
	Maybe Kagato was right.  He should have let him take the girls so long 
ago. Tenchi cursed himself for thinking such a thing.  His family meant 
everything to him.  He had lost so much.  Friends, family, loved ones. Now all 
he had left was Ryoko, and he would be damned if he let Shigeru take her.
	
	"Ryoko are you alright?" he asked as she tried to stand, but a wave of 
nausea returned to her to the floor.  Tenchi tried to help but she held up a 
hand, stopping him till she was finished vomiting.  That bolt from Ayeka hurt 
like hell.  
	'She'll pay for that one day' thought Ryoko as she wiped her mouth.  As 
her head cleared and her vision returned she saw the carnage left from the 
fight.  Debris lay everywhere and there was an outline cratered into the wall.  
Someone had hit pretty hard.  Then she saw the incredible amount of blood and 
body fluids on the floor, and the dried blood on Tenchi's face.  Everything 
became clear to her.  
	"Ay...eka?" she started.  He nodded confirming her worst fears.  
Another wave of nausea swept over her.  After a moment Tenchi helped her to her 
feet, recounting the events after she was knocked out.  She wiped the blood from 
his face, but cringed as pain shot through her right shoulder.  She'd have a 
nice bruise, but she would live.
	"Where did he go?" 
	"That way I guess," replied Tenchi pointing to the dark hall ahead of 
them.  "He's playing with us.  Like a predator, he's hunting us down one by one.  
We have to fight together or we'll never beat him."  Ryoko nodded, staring down 
the dim passage.  "There's one more thing we have to do."
	"What?" she said as Tenchi bowed his head.   She inhaled sharply as her 
right wrist and neck began to glow.  
	"What are you doing?"
	"Giving you back all your gems.  I should have done this a long time ago."  
Ryoko felt light headed as the power of the gems coursed through her.  
	"If we're going to defeat Shigeru, it'll take everything we've got.  I'm 
just sorry that I didn't do this earlier."  Ryoko stopped him by placing a hand 
on his cheek.
	"For what Shigeru has done, I'd walk through hell to stop him.  
Lets go."  Tenchi nodded and took a few pieces of equipment from his pack.  
	"These should be useful," he said as he slipped on the subspace visor and 
wrist bolter.  Ryoko nodded as she looked at her wrists.  It had been a long 
time since she had all three gems.  She held out a hand and fired an energy bolt 
at the wall.  It vaporized in a ball of flame.  Tenchi looked startled, but he 
knew she was just getting use to her powers again.  
	He glanced back at the spot where Ayeka had died and said a quick prayer 
for her and the others.  Ryoko grabbed his arm and they started down the hall.

	Lady Tokimi sat upon her golden throne waiting for her visitors.  
She knew that Tsunami and Washu would come to her, so she was more than happy to 
wait.  
	'Patience is a virtue' she thought to herself.  'I have waited ten 
millennia for this day so a few hours is nothing.'  She smiled as the 
possibilities ran through her mind.

	Shigeru's palace was like a house of horrors.  Each turn presented a new 
peril.  Where as one hall would be occupied by swinging blades the next would be 
full of pits containing jagged crystals.  The eight hells paled in comparison to 
the horrors of Shigeru's palace.  
	"He has to be enjoying this," panted Tenchi after they had cleared another 
hall.  He checked the visor for a read out on what lay a head.
	"Well?" asked Ryoko.
	"It seems to be clear ahead." his voice dropped off as he began to sweat.  
Ryoko was about to ask when she saw what he did.   Hundreds of luminescent eyes 
were coming toward them.  She took a step backwards to survey the situation.
  
	"What do you think of my minions?" boomed Shigeru's voice from the 
darkness.   "They should provide you with some entertainment!" he finished, 
laughing wildly.  
	Their eyes widened as the horde of demonic figures came into the light.  
There were evil monstrosities of every construct imaginable, from every 
mythology.  Some were fanged beasts while others resembled zombies.  The remains 
of Shigeru's long dead victims no doubt. Every beast imaginable poured from the 
darkness.  They all marched forwards with their master's evil laugh urging them 
on.  
	Tenchi charged his wrist bolter as the master key's blade sparked to life.  
Ryoko formed her energy sword as her eyes began to glow.  An energy bolt formed 
in her free hand.  
	"Gallant to the very end, how touching," came Shigeru's voice.  
	"I swear," screamed Ryoko, "I will personally cut your tongue out if YOU 
DO NOT SHUT UP!" With that she let an energy bolt fly into the oncoming horde.  
Several of the demons fell only to be replaced by more.
	"This will be ugly, Tenchi," said Ryoko with a concerned look on her face.  
"Do you still love me?"
	"This isn't what I meant by saying I wanted a honeymoon in space though," 
replied Tenchi as he took his fighting stance.  
	"I'll make it up to you."  The pair braced themselves as the horde moved 
into range, then attacked with all their fury.

	Tenchi and Ryoko took the attack to the demons.  Ryoko made the most of 
her new powers.  Bouncing from pillar to pillar she let energy bolts fly, 
decapitating and impaling as many of the demons as possible.  
Tenchi had his hands full as well.  With the skill and grace of a Juraian master 
he wielded the master key, making the most of each swipe.  The wrist bolter came 
in especially handy, as it allowed him more range than his blade.  He would use 
the master key to dispatch those demons nearest to him while keeping his eyes 
opened for targets for his bolter.    

	"They just...want...stop!" huffed Tenchi as he turned and fired a bolter 
shell into a demon, its head exploding.  Ryoko flew past in a red and black 
blur.  She was fairing somewhat better, but not much.  
	"These guys are endless," she said through gritted teeth as she felled 
another monster.  She was in the thick of the battle, felling demons by the 
dozens.  As quickly as one group was destroyed she would move onto the next, 
using a combination of her sword and energy bolts.  Soon the floor was covered 
in the corpses of demons.  Tenchi realized that if they stayed put they would be 
hemmed in.  
	"Make a run for it Ryoko!" he yelled as he chopped his way out of the 
hall.  His arms were beginning to tire, and he was bleeding profusely from above 
his right eye.  Just as he cut down the beast in front of him with the master 
key another leapt at him from across the hall.  He turned to dispatch it with 
his bolter, but nothing happened.  He squeezed the grip again. Click.  'Out of 
ammo,' he thought to himself as the demon arced toward him.  Tenchi closed his 
eyes for the inevitable, but it never came.  Through blood and sweat he saw 
Ryoko hovering above him with the demon still writhing on her energy sword. 
	"I'm not letting you go that easy Tenchi," she said as she nonchalantly 
kicked the demon from her sword.  Tenchi smiled and mouthed 'Thanks' to her.  
She nodded and materialized at his side.  The demonic horde was smaller, but 
there were still plenty of them.  
	"What now?" asked Tenchi as Ryoko took her stance at his side.  
	"We fight.  If we win, we live.  If we die, we die together."  
	Tenchi nodded grimly.  As the never-ending hordes of demons inched closer 
and closer, Ryoko placed her free hand into Tenchi's.  If they were going to die 
today, they would die together. She promised herself that.   
	
	In the eternal realm Lady Tokimi looked up from her golden throne.  A 
subspace portal had just opened and she knew who would be stepping out, or so 
she thought.  At first her smile faded as nothing emerged from the open gate. 
Growing impatient she rose from the throne and walked towards the open gate.  
That's when it hit her, or should I say Washu hit her.  Tokimi hadn't noticed 
the portal opening directly behind her and was caught completely off guard.  She 
stumbled for a second before turning around to meet her attacker.
	"You!" she screamed, "how dare you strike me!"
	"How dare YOU unleash Shigeru upon my family!" retorted Washu. 
She formed an orange energy sword similar to Ryoko's and pointing it at Tokimi.  
Tsunami stepped out of the portal behind Washu and took her place next to her 
sister.  
	"Your free reign ends today Tokimi," said Tsunami.  "You shall no longer 
terrorize anyone."
	Tokimi grinned and formed her own green energy sword.  "You know that no 
one can harm me in my realm, Washu.  To think otherwise would be foolish."  She 
touched her sword to Washu's causing energy to crackle between them.  "I do not 
want to kill either of you, but to ensure my position, I will."  
	"Kill whom?" came a voice from behind Tokimi.  She spun around only to be 
greeted by Washu holding her sword to her neck.  
	"But how?" muttered Tokimi as she glanced back.  When she did her heart 
sank.  Standing in place of the first Washu was doll holding a toy sword.  It 
even had a red ribbon in its hair.  Tokimi dissipated her sword and grinned.  
	"If you wish to play, so be it."  She swung a foot around and connected 
squarely on Washu's jaw.  But before she could capitalize on the move Tsunami 
unleashed the force of the Light Hawk Wings on her.  Instantly she was enveloped 
in its force field.  She struggled for a moment before giving up.  She cursed 
her self for falling victim to such a trap.  
	"Now lets talk like civilized people," began Washu, rubbing her jaw.

	Tenchi and Ryoko were back-to-back.  Both were tired and hurt.  Ryoko was 
down to one arm and Tenchi was feeling light headed from the blood that he had 
lost.  His arms hurt, his legs hurt, and his head was killing him.  But he knew 
deep down that if he quit he would die.  But that's not what bothered him.  If 
he quit, he would never be able to get his family back.  If he quit Ryoko would 
die, and he could not bear the though of that.  That one thought is what drove 
him forward.  That one thought is what pushed him one step further, when he knew 
good and well that he had nothing left to give.  But most of all he knew that 
the same thought was driving Ryoko.  They fought for each other that day.   
	         
	"Is this what you want, Tokimi?" asked Washu as she pointed to the battle 
taking place on Hells Point.  The actions being displayed on the screen she had 
created on the floor were horrific.  Tsunami turned her head as Washu and Tokimi 
watched Tenchi and Ryoko fight gallantly.  But it was a loosing battle.  The 
forces of Shigeru were overpowering.  
	"Is this the suffering you wanted to my family to endure?  Is this the 
suffering you wanted me to endure?" asked Washu as tears ran down her face.  
	"You have taken everything that I have come to hold dear," 
Washu paused to clear her throat.  "And I swear, Tokimi, if you take my daughter 
and Tenchi from me, I will make your life hell."  
	Tokimi could tell from her sister's eyes that she was serious.  She 
glanced at Tsunami.  The goddess of Jurai was in tears also.  Steadfastly she 
returned to watching the events on Hells Point.  
	"I have made my decision," she said coldly.  "And I am standing by it."

	The tide was swaying in Shigeru's favor.  With each Demon dispatched 
Tenchi could feel his life's energy draining.  He was simply exhausted.  He 
slipped on the gory floor allowing several demons to pile on top of him.  Ryoko 
screamed as she sent an energy bolt towards the pile.  What demons that were not 
killed scampered away to regroup.  Tenchi staggered to his feet and regained his 
stance.  He looked at Ryoko.  She was as battered as he was.  Her right arm hung 
limp at her side, broken by one of the monstrosities.  Her beautiful face was 
scratched and bruised.  What was once black on her clothing had long been 
stained red by blood, hers and others.  Yet she fought on, never considering any 
other alternative.  Tenchi swallowed hard as he gripped the key's hilt harder.  
	'I will not let you down,' he thought.  With that he charged into to the 
melee yet again.

	Tokimi grinned as the events unfolded on Hells Point.  Tenchi and 
Ryoko were being beaten by the hordes of Shigeru.  The two people who could 
oppose her reign were about to be destroyed.  
	"How can you be so cruel?" asked Tsunami.  This caught Tokimi off guard, 
as it was the Princess Sasami's voice that came from Tsunami.  
	"If you only knew how much pain you have caused," continued the small 
voice. As Tsunami walked toward her restrained sister, Tokimi began to tremble.  
She reached for Tokimi's face.  
	"If you only knew what I have suffered," the small voice cried.  With that 
she placed a hand on each side of Tokimi's face.  "Know what I know."  
	
	Tokimi screamed in horror as a psychic link was opened between her and 
Tsunami.  All of the fear that the young princess felt as she watched Shigeru 
kill Katsuhito and Nobeyugi poured into her.  Tokimi closed her eyes trying to 
block the vision, but it was useless.  The sense of helplessness was 
overwhelming.  She saw the horror on Ayeka's face as Sasami was killed before 
her very eyes.  She also felt the pain of death, the feeling to drown in your 
own blood as it pours down your windpipe.  She gasped for breath, trying to free 
her lounges of the imaginary blood.  
	Next she saw the horrors of being trapped in Shigeru's ruby. 
Tokimi felt what it was to have her very essence used to fight the ones she 
loved.  Most appalling of all was the sick pleasure Shigeru took in the gruesome 
murder of the princess Ayeka.  Tokimi felt what it was like to see both sisters 
die in front of the other.  Then she felt the love Sasami had for Tenchi and 
Ryoko, and she realized that anyone of these people would sacrifice themselves 
for the other.  
	
	Tsunami fell back as the link was broken.  Washu caught her sister and 
eased her to the floor.  The exchange had weakened Tsunami, but the affect on 
Tokimi was even greater.  The once proud goddess was humbled.  She had never 
known any of those emotions before.  Now she understood what family meant and 
what it means to be in a family.  She honestly felt remorse for what she had set 
into motion.  She looked back at the screen and saw that Tenchi and Ryoko were 
on the verge of collapse.  
	"I can not stop this," she trembled, "but we can help."  Washu nodded as 
she helped Tsunami to her feet.  The restraints that held Tokimi vanished as the 
three sisters took their respective places: Tokimi in the center with Washu to 
her right and Tsunami to her left.  Together the goddess' willed their strength 
to Tenchi and Ryoko.

	The effect of this act was immediate.  With a newfound energy Ryoko 
blasted a group of demons.  Their charred remains fell lifelessly to the floor 
as others scampered away.  Most importantly she had feeling back in her right 
arm.  At first this caught her off guard since she figured that it would take 
her at least two more hours to regenerate the wound.  Then in the back of her 
mind she heard Washu's voice.  She explained what had transpired and how proud 
she was of the both of them.  
	Tenchi also felt renewed.  His head cleared and his arms felt like a 
weight had been lifted.  He charged head long into the mass of demons.  He 
wasn't sure where this second wind had come from, but deep down he suspected 
that Washu was involved.  In a righteous fury he downed five demons in one blow, 
before swinging the blade under his arm to impale a sixth as he dropped to one 
knee.  As he pulled his sword free he noticed a large demon in the back of the 
horde.  This one seemed to be controlling the others.  
	"Ryoko!" he screamed as she took out another wave of the beasts.  
	"Go for the one in the back!"  She nodded and made her way through the 
masses.
	Immediately the demons went on the defensive, trying to protect the larger 
one at all costs.  Tenchi and Ryoko cut their way the through the sea of 
creatures.  The ichors and gore were tremendous.  Finally only a few of the 
beasts remained between the large demon and the two warriors.  They stopped as 
the demon began to laugh.  

	"Very good, boy," said the demon as it morphed into Shigeru.  "You are a 
worthy opponent after all. Let us finish this game."
	Shigeru threw off his cloak and drew his scimitar.  His evil aura filled 
the hall as the remaining demons backed away, bowing like thralls before their 
master.  Tenchi began the motions that he had practiced with his grandfather so 
many times before.  He could hear Katsuhito's voice giving him instructions on 
the proper way to handle his weapon. 
	"Are we going to fight or dance?" asked Shigeru impatiently.  Ryoko formed 
her energy sword yet again.  She knew Shigeru would try something dirty and she 
would be ready for it.  This action was not lost to Shigeru.  Instantly he 
unleashed an energy bolt that sent Ryoko flying into the wall.  
	"We shall not be disturbed," he said grinning at his handy work.  
Ryoko gasped for air as the feeling returned to her body.  Enraged Tenchi began 
the final duel.

	Shigeru was just as formidable as before, if not more so.  He was 
definitely drawing from Ayeka's power and Katsuhito's knowledge of 
swordsmanship.  This time Tenchi made sure to keep his emotions in check.  If he 
lost control again all would be lost.  The two fought with all their might.  
Tenchi would land a blow only to have it blocked by Shigeru's shield.  Likewise 
Tenchi was able to parry most of Shigeru's blows.  
	"Impressive," commented Shigeru as he through up his energy shield to 
block Tenchi's blow before delivering one of his own.  Tenchi flipped out of the 
way and landed behind Shigeru.  He managed to get a solid hit on the demons back 
before he too was knocked against the wall.  Tenchi felt the skeletal hands 
forming behind him as they had before.  This time he escaped their grasp.  
	"Nice try," he said as he leveled his sword at Shigeru.
	"Why not.  It worked before."  The two grinned the same devilish grin and 
leapt back at each other.  
	Ryoko covered her ears as their blades met time and time again.  The sound 
was as deafening as thunder.  The two gladiators continued their duel, but Ryoko 
noticed something.  Tenchi was weakening, while Shigeru showed little sign of 
fatigue.  
	'He can't keep this up for ever,' she thought.  She tried to move but the 
blast from Shigeru had re-injured her shoulder.  All she could do was watch.  
That was all any one could do at this point.  Even the three goddesses could not 
interfere.  

	Shigeru's rage was building, and Tenchi capitalized on it.  Tenchi knew 
all to well that unbridled emotions would lead to ruin.  His had cost Ayeka's 
life.  Shigeru was becoming sloppy.  His blows were wild and unchecked.  Tenchi 
drew from all his training to find the strength to combat the demon.  Shigeru 
brought his scimitar down only to be blocked by the blue blade of the master 
key.  The pair locked eyes in a titanic struggle.  
	"You will die," muttered Shigeru as he tried to gain the upper hand. 
	"Not today," replied Tenchi as he matched the demons strength.  
Infuriated Shigeru dropped his right hand from his sword and landed a solid blow 
in Tenchi's gut.  Tenchi gasped for air as Shigeru brought down the hilt of his 
sword across his face.  He staggered backwards as the force from the blow 
blurred his vision momentarily.  As he backpedaled he bumped into something 
solid.  One of the demons had grabbed him from behind.  Others grabbed his arms 
and legs.  He was being sacrificed to their master.
  
	"I told you that you would die today boy," said Shigeru as he took aim at 
Tenchi.  A ball of black energy began to form in his left hand.  
	"Your soul is mine," said Shigeru as he unleashed the bolt.  
Tenchi closed his eyes as he braced for the impact.  It never came though.  In a 
flash of light Ryoko teleported in front of him, using her body to absorb the 
blow. Tenchi opened his eyes to see her standing in front of him, arms out 
stretched shielding him from the blast.  The demons holding him had been 
destroyed and he was free to catch Ryoko as she fell forward.  
	"Ryoko, why?" he began in tears. 
	"Because I love you," she said replied fighting off the pain.  Tears 
poured from Ryoko's eyes as she looked at Tenchi.  His face was still the most 
beautiful thing to her.  Shigeru just stood in his place, dumbfounded.
	"Don't cry, Tenchi..."
	"Don't die on me Ryoko," begged Tenchi as he held her close.  He felt her 
warm blood as it seeped from the massive burn on her back.  He knew that the 
wound was fatal.  He knew that it was meant for him.  
	"You can't die."  
Ryoko managed a faint smile as she touched Tenchi's face.  
	"For you, love..." she whispered as she closed her eyes.  Tenchi begged 
her to stay with him, but it was to no avail.  As she slipped from consciousness 
he felt his wrists and neck begin to glow.  
	"What?" he muttered as he realized that Ryoko had given him her gems.  He 
held her tight as he felt her last breath blow across his cheek. He kissed her 
one last time as her body began to sublimate in his arms.  He could not watch as 
it was pulled into Shigeru's ruby.  He just knelt there, fighting back his 
tears.

	Tenchi was brought back to reality by Shigeru's evil laugh.  He had come 
to hate that laugh.  
	"I was right!" laughed Shigeru.  "The whore did cry!  How funny!"  
Tenchi looked up at Shigeru and his heart filled with hatred.  Shigeru stopped 
laughing when he noticed Tenchi's glowing aura.  
	"You monster." began Tenchi as he through down the master key.  "Demon!"  
His rage fueled him as he invoked the full power of Ryoko's gems along with his 
own Jurai power.  Instantly Tenchi was engulfed in a flame of pure Jurai power.  
Shigeru shielded his eyes from the intense blue light.  

	In the eternal realm the three goddess looked up as a fourth silhouette 
formed behind them.  
	"Well done, Ryoko, Lord Tenchi," said Washu, a tear sliding down her 
cheek.  Tokimi stood there mute, but deep down she felt the same sense of pride.

	Shigeru finally managed to look at the blue flame as a figure began to 
emerge.  No longer was Tenchi wearing his torn and stained Juraian battle togs.  
He was now clad in the flowing blue and white robes of the Juraian priesthood.  
He had their three glowing green marks on his forehead to go along with Ryoko's 
gems.  He was more than just a prince of Jurai. Tenchi had ascended.  He was 
Jurai.
	"Your days of terror are over Shigeru," said Tenchi, still marching toward 
the demon.  "Now it is your time to die."  Tenchi held out his right hand and 
the hilt of the Light Hawk Sword materialized.  He grasped it, forming its blue 
blade.
	Shigeru took a step backwards as the sword formed.  For the first time in 
his existence, Shigeru, the Culler of Souls, felt fear.

To be concluded

        
                
