Tenchi Muyo! and all characters herein are the property of Pioneer and AIC, save 
Shigeru who is of my own creation.  This is a fanfic, is not for profit, and 
does not express the views of Pioneer or AIC.

Tenchi Muyo! We Are One pt 5: End Game

	Shigeru stepped back as Tenchi grabbed the hilt of the Light Hawk 
Sword.  Its blue blade formed then turned solid white.  Tenchi pointed the blade 
at the trembling Shigeru.  
	" Your reign of terror ends now demon," said the young Juraian.  
Shigeru could barely look at Tenchi.  Some one as evil as him cannot stand the 
light of justice.
	"So," started Shigeru, "I've finally pissed you off enough to present a 
challenge.  Light shows do not impress me."  He was lying.  In truth he was 
terrified.  This was a new emotion for him, and frankly he hated it.
	"Once you had a chance to live, but that is no longer a possibility," said 
Tenchi as he leveled the Light Hawk Sword at Shigeru.  "There is only one 
recourse for demons like you: death."  Tenchi had fought many battles in his 
short life.  He had destroyed many evil beings, and at times he regretted it.  
His nature was to find a peaceful solution without the loss of life.  This time 
was different.  He knew in his soul that death was the only justice for Shigeru.  
	"You will never darken this universe again."
	Shigeru smiled.  "Big talk.  I've heard it before, but no one can stand up 
to my might.  All those who have tried to destroy me have ended up in hell."
	"Then I will see you there!" screamed Tenchi as he ran towards 
Shigeru.  The power of the Light Hawk was incredible.  Each blow sent 
Shigeru reeling.  Their blades met over and over again.  Shigeru could not 
believe the newfound power in the boy.  Then he noticed the gems.  
	'That whore,' he thought.  
	As Tenchi swung his blade Shigeru leaped back.  He obviously needed a new 
strategy.  He let an energy bolt fly that caused Tenchi to use one of the Light 
Hawks three blades to block it.  Instantaneously Shigeru appeared behind him and 
grabbed his neck.
      "I will crush you with my bare hands!" said the demon as he applied more 
pressure.  Tenchi did his best to pry the demon loose, but it was useless.  He 
was beginning to fade to black.

	"Tenchi," came the soft voice.  Tenchi looked up and saw his mother 
standing there, wearing her favorite lavender dress.  
	"I am so proud of you son.  Ever since you saved my life from Kain I knew 
you would achieve greatness.  I knew this before you were ever conceived.  Your 
task is not finished yet.  You are still needed."  Tenchi reached for the 
ethereal figure only to have it vanish before him.  In its place was Ryoko.  She 
was in his arms, dying.  
	"You have made me so happy," she said as she too slipped into the void. 
Tenchi cried over his lost love, only to be brought back by a sinister laugh.  
Then he realized that this was not a dream.  The laugh was real.  He hated that 
laugh.

	"Looks like it will be you who die today," said Shigeru as he squeezed 
harder.  Tenchi felt Ryoko's gems begin to glow.  They were pushing him to new 
levels of physical strength.  
	"This can not be!" muttered Shigeru as Tenchi began to pry the demon away.  
	With a yell he forced Shigeru to break the hold.  As quickly as he did, he 
capitalized on it.  Tenchi delivered a solid elbow to Shigeru's midsection.  The 
demon doubled over only to have another elbow shot delivered to the back of his 
head.  He crashed to the floor with a loud thud.  Tenchi stood over him and 
reformed the Light Hawk Sword.  Shigeru wiped the blood from his lip as he 
looked up.  
	"Very good," he complimented.  With a yell Tenchi brought the blade down 
on Shigeru, who clasped it with his hands.  
	"I told you that I can not be defeated," said Shigeru as he rose to one 
knee.  Tenchi tried to force the blade home, but he could not.  Shigeru was too 
powerful.
	With blinding speed Shigeru swept a leg around, toppling Tenchi.  Now 
Shigeru had the high ground. He brought his scimitar down just as Tenchi rolled 
away.  The young lord rolled across the floor and regained his footing.  He 
looked up just in time to avoid a black bolt from Shigeru.  Another one landed a 
little closer, burning his arm. 
	Two could play that game.  With a running leap Tenchi fired off a series 
of blue energy bolts.  Shigeru managed to dodge them all save one, which sent 
him staggering.  He regained his posture just in time to block a blow from 
Tenchi's sword.  Shigeru swung for Tenchi's head just as he ducked.
  
	In an instant Tenchi struck his sword against Shigeru's Scimitar, 
shattering the dark blade.  Shigeru threw his shattered sword aside and drew his 
dagger.  He made several slashes toward Tenchi, but all of them failed to find 
their mark.  After dodging the last thrust Tenchi made his move.  Shigeru jumped 
back as Tenchi slashed across his chest.
	At first Shigeru thought that Tenchi had missed him, then he noticed 
Tenchi's grin.  
	"What are smiling about boy?" demanded the demon.  Then he noticed the 
white light emanating from the cracked ruby. "It can't be," he proclaimed in 
disbelief.  The crack began to grow as he backpedaled.  
	"IT CAN NOT BE!" screamed Shigeru as bolts of light shot from the stone.  
Tenchi watched with a smirk on his face.  
	"Gotcha," he said as Shigeru's face twisted in pain.  The demon fell to 
his knees as the souls of Tenchi's family flew from the their captivity in beams 
of white light.

	"The time is now!" said Tokimi as the goddess' watched the events unfold 
below them.  
	"Agreed," said Washu.  Together the sisters reformed the bodies of those 
taken by Shigeru.  

	Tenchi's heart rose as he watched the bolts of light form into the bodies 
of his family.  Kiyone, Mihoshi, and Nobeyugi were the first to be restored.  
Katsuhito, Sasami, and Ayeka followed them.  Finally Ryoko was restored.    Even 
on the far away earth a bolt landed on Funahoe, restoring the sacred tree.  
Tenchi sighed in relief as his family was returned to him.  Shigeru screamed in 
pain as the process ended.  He looked up seeing his former victims lying around 
the hall.  
	"Damn you," he muttered through bloody lips.  "Damn you boy!"
	Tenchi walked toward him and held out the Light Hawk Sword.  "It ends here 
Shigeru.  You have no power left."  Shigeru laughed at him.
	"You are a fool if you think that pathetic bunch was my sole source of 
power."  He rose to one knee and spat.  "You have yet to see the full power of 
the Fallen."  As he finished those words his body began to contort.  Tenchi was 
taken aback by the gruesome transformation-taking place before him. 
	"Now you shall see my full power!" screamed Shigeru.  Tenchi tried to 
attack the beast, but was knocked back by its awesome force. He watched in 
horror as Shigeru began his metamorphism.  His armor shattered as his muscles 
bulged and contorted.  His already fanged teeth grew even longer, protruding out 
of his vile mouth.  Shigeru's raven hair grew wild as his skull contorted into a 
new, demonic form.  His back twisted and wrenched in inhuman ways before his 
vertebrae protruded from his blackened skin.  Bony points erupted from his 
shoulder blades as his arms elongated.  His hands drew back leaving long slender 
fingers that formed blades at their nails.  His feet balled and morphed into 
cloven hooves.  His neck twisted and wrenched from side to side.  Tenchi could 
hear its bones pop as it elongated.  The beast's rib cage bulged then fused into 
a new armor of bone, with the shattered crystal at its center. Finally the demon 
doubled over as his back began to bulge once again.  With a sickening tear 
skeletal wings jutted from his back.  Between their strakes red tissue congealed 
to form a leathery surface.
  
	The transformation ended and Tenchi gazed upon the beast in its final 
form.  Shigeru rose to his full stature and towered over Tenchi.  His wings 
stretched out and gave a few flaps.  
	"Now you see the true power of the Fallen," said Shigeru in a voice of 
many in one.  Tenchi was terrified of what stood before him.  Never in his worst 
nightmare had he conjured such a horrid beast.  
	"All the millennia that I spent in hell, I learned.  I learned how to feed 
off the darkness in the human heart.  This is my true power.  As long as life 
exists so shall I!"  Tenchi stepped back.  Shigeru's new form was truly evil in 
its purest form.

	From the far side of the hall Princess Ayeka had regained consciousness.  
As she found her bearings, she saw the demon looming over Tenchi.  The young 
warrior was doing his best to hold his ground against the darkness.  
	"Lord Tenchi," she whispered as she noticed Ryoko stirring.  She crawled 
over to her and placed her over shirt on Ryoko's exposed back.  
	"We made it," said Ryoko as she watched Tenchi take his stance.  
Ayeka nodded.  Together they watched the epic clash.

	"He can not win," said Tsunami as she watched the events unfold beneath 
her.  
	"He can," added Tokimi,  "but he would not survive." Washu looked at 
Tokimi with disbelief.  "You don't mean," she began as Tokimi nodded.  
	"It is the only way."  Unfortunately Tokimi was right.  Washu bit her lip 
as she tried to find another possibility.  A tear rolled down her face as she 
nodded silently.  

	"It ends now!" howled Shigeru as he flew towards Tenchi.  Tenchi ducked 
and rolled as Shigeru swiped at him.  His talons sliced into 
Tenchi's back as his leathery wings carried him around for another pass.  
Tenchi blocked out the pain and hurled the Light Hawk Sword towards the demon.  
Shigeru swung to one side as the blade pierced his left wing.  His forward 
momentum sent him crashing into Tenchi.  The two struggled on the floor for a 
moment before Shigeru wound up on top.  He pinned Tenchi's shoulders with his 
knees as he wrapped his hands around his throat.
	"Die, boy, DIE!" screamed Shigeru as he squeezed harder.  Tenchi began to 
black out as orange and blue energy bolts tore into Shigeru.  This was 
sufficient enough for Tenchi to break free.  With a right cross he sent Shigeru 
tumbling.  He glanced back to see Ayeka and Ryoko standing together, hands out 
stretched.  
	"I told you before Tenchi!" yelled Ryoko.  "I'm not letting you get away 
that easy!"  Ayeka smiled nodded.  Tenchi looked back at the infuriated Shigeru.
	The demon spread his mangled wings and tried to take flight again.  
Tenchi formed the Light Hawk Sword once more.  He knew what had to be done. With 
a running leap he drove the blade into Shigeru's chest.  

	"Now!" said Washu as the goddess' appeared behind Tenchi.  Tsunami and 
Washu grabbed the hilt of the Light Hawk Sword while Tokimi placed her hands on 
Tenchi's shoulders.  Together they channeled all of their power through the 
sword, and Tenchi.  With a scream Tenchi unleashed his full Jurai power as the 
energy erupted through Shigeru's back.

	"Noooooooo!" screamed the demon as the energy shredded his body.  "I can 
not," he screamed as the wave swept through him. "Be DESTROYED!"  Shigeru's 
death was just as horrific as any that he had inflicted.  The pure Jurai energy 
coursing threw him burned his flesh away, layer-by-layer. Every one in the hall 
covered their eyes as the light grew. 
 
	"I'm scared!" cried Mihoshi as she grabbed onto Kiyone.  Katsuhito held 
Sasami as Nobeyugi kneeled behind him.   Ayeka and Ryoko looked on praying for 
the best.  
	'Come on Tenchi,' though Ryoko as she watched the demon die.   
'You can do it!' 

	Shigeru's screams were ear splitting.  He writhed on Tenchi's sword as his 
extremities and skin were flayed away.  With a "Hiyaa!" Tenchi sent another wave 
of energy through Shigeru.  The horrific screaming finally stopped when the back 
of his head burned away.  The lifeless form hung on the sword until it too 
disintegrated.  After the demon was vanquished from this existence the blade 
dissipated. Tenchi fell to his knees and dropped the hilt.  As he fell back 
Ryoko phased in behind him, cradling him as he hit the floor. 

	"Lord Tenchi!" cried Ayeka as she ran towards him.  The others followed 
quickly.  
	"You did it," said Ryoko as she held him.  She jumped slightly as she felt 
her gems returned to her.  
	"Thank you, Ryoko," Tenchi whispered as he slipped into the darkness. 

	"Lord Tenchi," came the familiar voice.  Tenchi awoke to find himself in 
the eternal realm.  
	"Where am I?" he asked as Washu, Tsunami, and Tokimi approached him.  
	"Please forgive me," begged Tokimi as she knelt before him.  To his 
surprise Washu and Tsunami kneeled as well.
	"What's going on?" he asked even more confused than before.  
	"You have ascended," answered Tsunami.  "You are no longer a mortal, you 
have become something more."  
	"What does this mean," he asked.  Tsunami fell silent.  Tenchi looked to 
Washu hoping to find an answer.  
	"Lord Tenchi, when Ryoko gave you her gems and we imparted our power to 
you," started Washu as she rose to look him in the eyes.  "You became something 
more."  Tenchi looked down and noticed the flowing white and blue robes he was 
wearing.  
	"You are a god," said Washu simply.  "You have the choice to reject this 
mantle.  But if you do, you can never take it back." 
	Tenchi lowered his head as he looked down to Hells Point below. Everyone 
was safe now.  Shigeru had been defeated, and his family was restored.  But as 
he looked down he saw Ryoko holding his lifeless body.  She was crying, trying 
her best to bring him back.  Ayeka was in tears as well while Sasami cried into 
her shoulder.  Katsuhito and Nobeyugi were trying to calm the hysterical Mihoshi 
while Kiyone was performing CPR on him.  There was no joy in this victory.  
	"I wish to return," he said solemnly.  Washu nodded as Tokimi and 
Tsunami stood beside her.  They placed their hands on his shoulders and he began 
to phase out of the eternal realm.  
	"I do forgive you, Lady Tokimi," he said as he phased out of sight.  
Tokimi smiled as Washu and Tsunami looked on.  The fourth silhouette vanished as 
suddenly as it appeared.  
	"He will be just fine," commented Tsunami as she watched the reunion on 
Hells Point.

	Kiyone plopped back as she ran a hand through her hair.  "I've done all I 
can," she said defeated.  Ryoko shook Tenchi violently trying to wake him.  
	"Damn it Tenchi," she sobbed, "don't leave me after all we've been 
through."  She held him close and cried bitterly.  
	"Who's leaving?" came Tenchi's faint voice.  "Certainly not me," he 
continued, opening one eye.  He smiled as Ryoko came into focus. She looked at 
him in disbelief.  
	"Lord Tenchi?" asked Ayeka.  The sense of elation swept through everyone.  
Ryoko kissed him then nearly squeezed the life out of him.  
	"I should kill you for this," she whispered in his ear.  "But I'll let it 
slide this time."  Every one knelt around Tenchi and Ryoko.  Once again he had 
saved all their lives.  
	"I'm so proud of you son," beamed Nobeyugi.  Katsuhito nodded in 
agreement.  Sasami hugged him as Ayeka held his hand and cried.  
Kiyone wiped a tear away as she placed an arm around Mihoshi.  
	"I'm getting too old for this," she sighed.  
Finally Ryoko helped him to his feet. Tenchi was battered and bruised, but more 
or less intact.  As he leaned his weight on Ryoko, he looked at his family.  He 
had them back, and that is what mattered most to him.  
	"Now," started Tenchi as he limped along, "didn't we have a coronation to 
attend?"

Epilogue

	"When we arrived on Jurai, we were heralded as hero's. Ayeka was coronated 
as First Princess of Jurai, although she cannot become queen until she finds a 
husband.  However she was seen flirting with a young noble at the banquet that 
followed the ceremony.  Till then her father is more than happy to hold the 
throne. 
	"Princess Sasami is staying here on the earth with us for a while longer.  
She has enrolled in the same school that I attended and is having the time of 
her life.  When people ask we say that she is my cousin from America. 
	"As for Kiyone and Mihoshi they are still here as well.  Kiyone was hoping 
for a desk job after the Shigeru incident, but it seems that the earth has taken 
top priority for the Galaxy Police.  Even though they received raises and 
promotions Kiyone still has to put up with Mihoshi.
	"Dad was promoted to supervisor at the firm he works for, and is content 
with his life.  I only wish that he would grow up some. Grandpa has returned to 
his shrine.  He said he's not worried about Ryoko having all her gems back.  
Funahoe was restored when Shigeru was destroyed and Washu has seen to its care.  
	"Speaking of Washu she has returned to being the universes greatest 
scientific genius.  I just wish she would leave me out of her experiments.
	"As for me, I've always wondered about something that Shigeru said during 
the fight.  Washu told me that it was possible at the moment, but a year has 
past since everyone's restoration and nothing has come of it.  Life has just 
about returned to normal."
	"What about me?"
 	"I was getting there.  Ryoko and I will be married in the fall."
	"And I'm never letting go of you again."

The End

Authors notes: The title of this fanfic comes from a Kiss song of the same name.  
'We Are One' is off the 'Psycho Circus' album and talks about the bands 
relationship with their fans.  I found it appropriate for the relationships in 
the Tenchi universe as well.  When I heard the verse, I thought of the show.
"You are not alone
"But how long can you run
"Its much too late if you don't know
"What you've got 'till its gone
"Once upon a time
"You were a child
"But that was yesterday
"Believed that magic
"In your heart would
"Never fade away" There's more to the song, but you should get the idea from 
this excerpt. 
I hope you enjoyed my first effort at a fan fiction.  Please send me any 
response, criticism, or suggestions.  Thank you.
    								William Nichols  


 
	       

      
